cM AV ANA'S MAYOR SWORN IN

FOR GEN, WOOD FROM THE

ee tw y ELECTED OFFICIALS.

Administration Declared Successful -Pa-

‘ - de in Celebration of the Installation
Mepantoh Bands Play the Caban National
air-Democratic Attacks Are Understood,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Havana July ~The new Mayor and Coun-
jjimen took the oath of office to-div in the
presence of Gow rnor General Wood and his

staff, th

rod ( ouncilme

 

@

 
  
 

»

n. The retiring Mayor adminie-
red th oath, after rea ing an address giving
- yunt of the actions of the Municipal
of Havana since the American cccupa-
prominent Cubans were present,
nd great intere (was manifested in the (ere-
peo Gon. Maximo Gomez was the first to
weeeeee Mayor Rodriguez after the latter had
shuken hands with Gen. Wood, After taking
the oath Gen. Rodrigues made ashort address
and suggested that the new munici; al officers
formally visit Gen, Wood to expres their con-
jdence in him and the promises of the American
government. A banquet was then given in the
city Hall, 5 >
Later the new city offivials visited Gen. Wood
«nd Mayor Rovriguez made an address, in the
4 > course of Which he declared that Gen. Wocd's
administration had been very successful, merit-
ng the admiration of Americans and the grati-
wde of Cubans

In reply Gen, Wood said it had always been
he intention of the Americans to give inde-
Sar pendence to the island, and that the only people
who could prevent independence were the

Cubans themselves,

About 15,000 enthusiastic persons paraded the
streets in honor of the occasion. In the pro-
cession were some pleturesque cars filled with
cutan girls gayly dressed and carying flowers.
ihese cars were drawn by mules and oxen, As
‘he procession passed the City Hall cheers were
given for Mayor Rodriguez. Gen. Wood was
also cheered. He saw the process'on from a
balcony of the palace, There were no Ameri-
can flags in the procession and very few of
ihem in the streets. Cuban and Spanish bands
alternately played the Cuban hymn as the pro-
ession was passivg the palace. This was the
first time that the Spanish bands have played
ina Cuban fate, The matter was arranged by
Seflor Sagrario, the Spanish Consul-General,
who took advantage of the occasion tofo @ a
nendly sprit between Cubans and Spaniards.

An article published in a certain New York
paper on June 27 denouncing everything done
u Cuba by the intervening government created
somewhat of a sensation here. The general
opislon is that the statements made were so

ong as to defeat the ends for which the arti-
de was printed, which, it is considered here,
was 1o cust discredit on the Administration,
This opinion is held despite the fact that after
the recent frauds in the post cffice the people
sere prepared to give a certa n amountof cred-
N poe toinnuendoes and unproved stat»ments,

; sich as have been very common lately, The

Havana Post declares that the article was writ-
ten for the purpose of misrepresenting facts
aud figures in the interest of the Democratic
Pre-idential nominee, and that it contains
chargesenough to cause the indictment of a
hing if they were in any degree accurate.

   

an acer
council
tion, Many

« “

 

FUNERAL OF ADMIRAL PHILIP.

 

services at the Navy Yard To-day -Interment
at Annapolis.

‘oumandant of the Brooklyn Navy Yard, who
died on Saturday, will be held at his residence
a the yard at 4 o'clock this afternoon. Com-
mander Clifford H. West, the Admiral’s aide,
was busy yesterday making arrangements
for the funeral,

The pallbearers at the navy yard will be
Capt. Frank Wildes, Capt. H. C. Taylor of the
receiving ship Vermont, Capt. C. M. Chester

f the battleshi
ut the yard, Medical Direotor G. W. Woods,

rhe funeral of Rear Admiral Jolin W. Philip,

pee

» weretaries and the outgoing Mayor | parents a

ROBREDP OF AER HAIR.

Miss Wright's Acsatlant Evidently Hacked It
O@ With a Knife.

Floren-e Wright, 18 y ars old, the daughter
of W. C. Wright, a confectioner of 374 Warren
| street, New irk, was knocked down and robbed
of her hair, which was 21 inches long,at 100’clock
last night on tho rear veravda of her home.
She had beon sitting on the front porch for
some time and observed a tall man with a black
mustache pass several times and wateh her
| closely, Finally, she went into the house and
| prepared to go to bed after spen ing to her
bou' the peculiar actions of the man.
They heard her in her room and supposed
that she had retired, and whe» they heard a
scream shortly after 10 o'clock they thought it
was from the street. A fev minutes lat r they

 

heard groans and Mr. Wright opened the back |

door and fund his diuchter lying senseless on
the veranda. When revived the girl said she

 

was going to the refrizerator for a drink of !

water when she saw the tall man beside her and
screamed, Hestruck her behind the left ear,
and she knew no more until ber parents aroused
her, Tho girl had fine golden hair, and her
assailant had evidently hacked it off with a
knife. She sald that sh» never saw the man
before, and thinks that before he struck her he
said: * Where is that watch?"

ROOSEVELT LEAVES CHICAGO,

Has a Busy Sunday — Addresses a Sunday
School,

Cuicaco, July 1.—Gov. Roosevelt lett here
to-night at 6 o'clock on the regular Santa Fé
train for Oklahoma City. A special car was
attached to the train for his use by Vice-Presi-
dent Paul Morton, who accompanied the Goy-
ernor, Richard ¢. Kerens, Republican Na-
tional Committeeman for Missouri, and D.
W. Mulvane, the Kansas member of the National
Committee, with the Rough Rider escort which
came from New York, completed the party.
No arrangements have been made for any
speeches or demonstrations along the route
to Kansas City. At Kansas City plans have
been made to welcome the Governor, Com-
pany B of the Twentieth Kansas Regiment
will be drawn up to greet him, and it is expected
the Governor will be called on for a little talk.
The train will reach Kansas City at 8:30 o'clock
tomorrow morning. Any speeches that the
Governor will make until he reaches Okla-
homa City will be simply informal remarks.

Gov. Roosevelt passed a very quiet Sunday.
He breakfasted early with Comptroller Dawes
at the hotel and then drove unattended to
Trinity (Reformed Dutch) Church on South
Marshileld avenue. His attendance there was
unexpected, and he was enabled to avoid the
annoyance of a curious crowd, The pastor,
the Rev. Dr. Moredyke, made no political al-
lusions in his sermon. At the close of the ser-
vice he announced that Gov. Roosevelt of the
State of New York, a man whom everybody
delighted to honor, was preven. He asked
the Governor to make a few remarks to the
children of the Sunday school.

The Governor consented rather reluctantly
andthe children gathered in the Sunday school
building, where the Governor talked to them

or a few minutes After Gov. Roosevelt's re-
turn to. the hotel lie was waited upon by a dele-
gation from the Marquette Club, When they
had gone Gen. Wheeler was announced. Gen.
Wheeler was Goy. Roosevelt's division com-
mander at Santiago. They greeted each other
affectionately and had a good talk over old

 

 

 

tunes.

 

PRESIDENT F.

Senator Piatt Has Heard of No Ultimatums
From District Leaders.

At the meeting of the Republican County
Committee on Thursday night Gen. Franeis V.
Greene will be elected to the Presidency of the
committee in the place of Lemuel Ely Quigg, re-
signed. There has been a good deal of talk
lately to the effect that Gen. Greene was not
satisfied with the powers that ate to be his
after he is elected to the Presidency, and
one paper printed a story yesterday to the ef-
fect that an ultimatum had been delivered to

Gen. Greene by certain Republican district
leaders, informing him that if he accepted the

¥. GREENE.

 

Keitucky, which is now lying | Presidency it would have to be with the condi-

tion that William H. Ten Eyck shall be chair-

Naval Constructor F, T. Bowles,aud Pay Direo- | man of the Executive Committee and have full

1 tor Edwin Putnam, ;
A military escort will form on Main street
nthe yard at 415 o'clock, consisting of four

charge of the campaign in thiscounty. It was
intimated that Gen, Greene had made reply to
this proposition to the effect that such consent

companies of marines and four companies of | on his part would make him nothing but a

sailors under command of Lieutenant-(omman-
der Heilner. After theservices at the house the

body willbe conveyed, underescortofthe marines | greatly complicate a situation
The coffin | only strvignhtened out after much difficulty by

and bluejackets, to the waterfront.
will be borne byeightmen trom the receiving
ship Vermont and the battleship Kentucky. The
nod

will be placed on the tug Nina and taken | ago.

figurehead, and that he was now considering a
retusal of the election, a move which woud
wich was

the consent of Gen. Greene to take the Pres-
idenoy of the County Committee some weeks
Whon Senator Platt was asked about the

to the Pennsylvania Railroad stationinJersey | matter yesterd iy he said that he thought the

City, During the march from the Conmandant's
residence to the pores the navy yard thirteen
; » suns will be fired from the Vermont. The same
Governors Island while the body is being con-

veyed to Jersay City.
Acompanied

number will be fired from Fort Columbuson | about accepting the

whole story was ridiculous. Gen. Gre*ne will be
elected on Thursday night, he said, and he had
no idea that the General had changed his mind
Ince. As far as ulti-
matums from district leaders were cone rned
Senator Platt said that he had heard nothing of

‘by anescort under Commander | auch a thing, and did not believe anybody had

West the body will be taken from Jersey Ly 4 sent any conditions to Gen. Greene.

on the midnight train to Annapolis, where
will be buried in the Naval Cemetery.

The Rev. Dr. Robert McDonald, ' astor of the
Washington Avenue Bapti-t Church, Brookly

3)

AZ]

by the Rev, Dr Wilton M. Smith of the Central
Presbyterian Church of Manhattan.

Mrs. Philip received yesterday a telegram of
sympathy from President McK nley,
his home in Canton, Ohio. Jt reads:

‘In yout great sorrow you hav+ the deepest
“ympath yer Mrs. McKinley and myself.

“WILLIAM MCKINLEY.”

From Gov. Theodore Roosevelt this telegram

was received
“CuHicaao, ll. ;
Mra. J. W. Philip m.. ouy t

“Please accept my deepest and most sincera
-ympathy. Am greatly grieved and shocked,
, “THEODORK ROOSEVELT.”
From Admiral George Dewey, who is at Nar-
: ragansett Pier, R. 1.,cam this message: “Ace
cept our | eartfel! sympathy in your over-
Wheluing grief. Your hu-band was God's own
nobleman.’
_ Miss Helen Miller Gou'd was in Minneapolis,
Minn, when she heard of Admiral Philip's
death She sent this despatch: “Have just
learned of the death of vour )u band whom we
alladmired and respected and IT assure you of
f my warm and affectionate sympaihy.”’
if Admiral and Mrs. Sampson from Boston sent
this message: ‘‘Heartfelt sorrow for you ard
yours in your are at loss,"’
miri ’hilip commanded the battleshi
Texas during the battle of Santiago and the
officers and men on that vessel did not forge
'o send a message of sympathy tothe widow o
thelr old commander. le Was aa fol.ows:
“Newport, R. 1, ,
% Mra. J. W. Philip: ~oers
Allon board the Texas, his last command,
unitein conveying to you their warm ayir pathy.
“H.C. Gipson, Commanding.”
Admiral Farquhar, commanding the North
Atlantic squadron, sent this message to Capt.
Frank Wildes from Jamestown, R. 1: “Please
convey to Mrs. Philip the heartfelt sym: athy of
the officers and men of the North Atlantic
uadron, We mourn with you.”

 

 

 

ry
“DETROIT JOURNAL"

a
Editorial and Composing Rooms in Ruins
j ~Library and T» pesetters Destroyed,

BURNED OUT.

 

Dernorr, Mich., Jwy 1.—The Detroit Jour-
noi building was gutted by fire early this morn-
ng entailing a loss of $100,000 or more and

ining the editorial and composing room
lepartments. The fire was discovered by
‘he janitor at 815 o'clock. The Fire Depart-
nent responded quickly, but when it arrived

® one side of the building and the tower were
eiveloned tn flames. Tn half an hour the flames
Were subdued, but not before they had burned
the hattery of ten type machines into twisted
end almost irreparable wrecks and reduced
the offices and library to a mass of ruins
Every book, file, desk, typewriter and scrap

if paper in the editorial rooms was destroyed.

» ,* Win presses in the basement were saved,
Ll damave being that caused by water

The origin of the fire is unknown. Ik is be-
“, however, that it was from the electric
or else from a smouldering ember that
typers left in their department this
. after working over the type metal.

 
  
  

at Livingston, editor and proprietor,
fw carly on the seene and before the build-
ne 1 be entered issued orders to insure

'? Printing of the paper to-morrow afternoon,
° Fee Dream tendered the use of its estab-
Te Tand it was accepted
i) Ndorary business and editorial offices
he provided in a building adjoining the
“ened, and Mr. Livingston expects to he
eold pliant in two weeke

Death of Ensign Magill.

NOSGTON, Julyt. -The Navy Department

‘nounced that Ensign Samuel G. Ma-
''t. died vesterday at Newport of typhoid
He had been attached to the naval train-
bP aed training atation at Newport since
vr 1899) He was born in lows, entered
‘val Acad my from North Dakota in
“1 ard was commissioned an Ensign on
In the Spanish Amerionn Warhe
| the battleship Oregon as a naval

   
 
 

s

 

PENNSYLVANIA POLITICS.

will officiate at the services at the yard, assist Hanna’s Order, ‘No Sulking in This Cam-

paign,” Will Be Obeyed.
PHILADELPHIA, July 1.—The admonition

who isat| given by National Chairman Hanna to State

Senator Magee during the week of the National
Convention in Philadelphia that there must be
no sulking in this campaign, and that fusion
with Democrats for the purpose of defeating
regularly nominated candidates for the Legis-
lature or Congress would be considered cause
for political excommunication, is already bear-
ing good fruit, especially here in Philadelphia.
Before the warning given by Senator Hanna
it was the intention of the “Insurgent Republi-
eans” to run ex-Speaker of the House Hon.

Henry F. ¢ {
Senator in the Fifth Senatorial district of Phila-
delphia, and failing to secure the nomination,
to run him as afusion candidate. Mr. Walton,
who is one of the most
Republicans of Philadelphia, will not now
permit a “fusion” movement in his interest in
the event of his defeat before the Republican
convention, and in consequence so much
strencth has been given to Mr. Walton's canvass
that he now seems certain to win out at the
party primaries.

TAMMANY'S FOURSH OP JULY.

 

 

The Mayor to Reod the Declaration of Inde-
pendence at the Celebration,

The programme for the Fourth of July cele-
bration at Tammany Hall was made publlo
yesterday. Thomas L. Feitner, President of
the Tax Board and Grand Sachem of the or-
ganization, will be in charge of the celebration
and will head the procession of Sachems from
the «small room down stairs in Tammany Hall
to the bic meeting room upstairs. When the
Sachems are comnfortably seated on the plat-
form Mr, Feitner will make the address of wel-
come, Durie the procession before it and
between speeches the Sixty-ninth Regiment
Bard will play patriotic mu-ie.

After the address of welcome Mavor Van
Wrek will read the Declaration of Tidepend-

| ence. a ceremony which has cever been omitted
| from the Tammany Hall programme in all of

the vears that the organization has been eele- |

brating the Fourth of July. The long talk
which follows will be made by Michael J. Ryan
of Vhiladeiphia. Mr. Ryan is said to be a very
witty and able speaker and was selected for
the Tammai long talk this sear because of
the evthusiasin with which a recest speech of
his at the dianer of the Friewdl, Sous of St,
Patrick was received. The short talks will
be made by Congressman Stan arne Wilson
of South Carolina, Michael T. Coreoran of Ohio
Leon 0. Bailey of Lidiava, Congressman Bert-
ram T. Clayton of Brooklyn acd the following
New Yorkers: John M. Quian, James Lindsay
Gordon, Joh» B. Melot re Wiiliain Temple
| E:nmett and Ira Edgar Rider.
| A letter to the Sachems of Tammany Hall
| from William J. Br av a d jetters from other
promine\t Democrats will be read and voce
musie will be furvished by the Tammany Gl
Club. A wire from the conve tion hall in
(ansas City will be rua

    

 

a

| Washington

Walton for nomination for State |

| of the visitors attended church
opular of the youn ,

| Seriously

info Tanunagy Halt |

aod all the important doings of the conven- |

tion will be annouveed fron the platform as
| fast as vews of then is received,

Dan Fina Ope ated On for Mastolditis,

| Civil Justices Dani iE. Finn, better known as
Battery Dan, is seriously il] with a! scesses of

the earat the Brighton Beach Hotel Jnetice
| Pion hes been at the hot | for a week past and
‘ on Friday last wos cpeaceden It waasaid at
the hotel \ esterday that he was doing well un-
der the ereum tances, but hat it might be
} some time before he got out again

 

Refared to Work on the Bridge on Sands,
A force of about eighty men refused to work

| baros, were burned

that

onthe roadsays of the Brooklyn Bridge ves- \
terday morning because the rules of their union |

|

i

{

; Cemand they reeeive double wages tor working
[on Sondars The force Inc uded carpenter,
i |) idgemen, pavers and rammers,

i in nena eh Ci th tl Det a claen

CUBAN TEACHERS ARRIVE.

THOSE WHO CAME ON THE CROOK
DETAINED A FEW HowRs.

 

Had to Wait Until the Quarantine Time Limit |

Was Up-—Their Pleasant Voyage up the
Coast-Their Cable Message to Cuba An-
nouncing Their Arrival in Boston Harbor.

Boston, July 1.—The United States transport |

Crook, which had been lying off Qua:antine
since yesterday noon in order to fulfil the
requirewents of the United States health
regulations that no vesel shall land
her passengers from Havana until she
has been at tenst fivs days
of that port, steamed up the harbor shortly
after noon to-day and land: dthe second install-
ment of Cuban se.ovi tear hers, who come here
to take a couse of instructton at the
Harvard Summer School. The party of the
Crook consisted of 208 male teachers from the
provinces of Havana and Pinar del Rio.
The vease!l was sighted off Highland Light at
9:30 yesterday morning, having made an ex-

ceptionally quick passage fron. Matanzas,
hiving sailed on the afternoon of
June 26. The voyage up was a

succession of tine days, with what sailors call
a calm sea, and although the weather was
warm, the whiff of freshness in the air after
leaving the Gulf Stream made the Cubans feel
cold, and they wrapped themselves carefully in
overcoats whenever on deck.

Throughout the voyage the teachers were in
the best of spirits. Very tew of them suf-
fered from seasickness, and none seriously,
There were not enough staterooms to ac-
commodate half the party and the troop
decks were utilized. The latter qua'ters were
found to be very warm on the first two nights
out, butas the ship reached higher latitudes
they became more comfortable. A few
of the teachers, however, preferred sleep-
ing in chairs on deck to going below,
There were ‘few incidents to break the
monotony of the voyage The teachers sat
about the deck all day smoking long black
civars and picadura cigaretios Every evening
the ship's piano furnishea the accompaniment
for music on violin, guit-r and = mandolin,
Just before the shores of Massachusetts were
sighteda m eting was he.d to draft ome sort
Of & message to send to Cuba on reaching this
city, After some debate it was agreed to send
the following message to the Secretary of
Public Institutions at Havana;

Ou setting foot on American soil we, iwe
teachers embarked from Havana and Mitangas,
sal te you, the Board of Education, the Cuban
authoriti sand the Cuban people, We hereby
express our gratitud? to the magnanimous peo-
ple of the United States, Long life to free and
independent Cuba "

This message was cabled from here last night.
Wien the Crook reached the navy yard she

was berthed ut the wharf vicated jast
evening by the transport MePherson, and
under the ¢ idance of Messrs, CC,
Mann and Blakony, with ten or fifteen

other Harvard inen, the teachers were con-
ducted to speci | electric cars and an wnevent-
ful trip to Cambridge followed, ‘Tl. ey were met
at Sanders Theatre by President Eliot and Mrs.
Alice Gulick, with others of the reception come.
mittee, and after greetings were exchanged the
teachers were assigned to their lodgings, which
arduous task was accomplished in less than
three hours.

 

SUNDAY IN CANTON,
The President Attends Church and Spends
Most of the Day on His Piazza,

CANTON, Ohio, July 1.—President McKinley
began his first Sunday in his new home by
attending services at the First M. E. Church,
of which he has for years been @ trustee. He
and Dr. Rixey walked to and from the church,
He occupied the pew long assigned to members
of the McKinley family. The pastor of the

chureh is the Rey. C. Ek. Manchester, who was

a member of the McKinley regiment in the
Civil War. Ho preached a patriotic sermon,
fitting the Fourth of July season, making special
reference to the coutinued growth of Chris-
tianity with the growing country. He pointed
out that the highest civilization was attended
with the fullest development of Christianity
in all the world’s history, It was not a sermon
especially prepared for the occasion ef a Presi-
dent's visit, and the only reference to this
was in the prayer. In this, following the reg-
ular custom, Divine aid and guidance werein-
voked for the President and members of his
official family as well as upon all who are con-
nected with the affairs of the State, in a manner
indirectly to call attention to the distinguished
worshipper in the congregation,

During a considerable part of the day the
President occupied a roomy porch chair on
the plazza, which gained such fame four years
ago, and hundreds of people who drove or
walked past the house received a simile and a
nod of recognition. Mrs. MeKinley was with
him during part of the time, but for the most
part the air was too cold for her, It has been
cold enough for wraps most of the time since
they arrived and;a decided change from the
temperature. It seems to just
suit the President, and when the sun lowered
toward evening he moved from the porch to
the bright sunshine on the side lawn and fin-
ished his cigar there. He looks to be in ex-
cellent health,

M'KINLEY'S

 

 

ROUGH RIDERS’ REUNION OPENS.

 

Services Held-Gov.
‘ Expected To-day.

OMLAHOMA City, July 1.~The Rough
R ders’ reunion opened here to-dav with 10,000
visitorsenthe grounds, and trainloads arriv-
ing every hour. The big crowd is expected to-
morrow when Gov. Roc sevelt also arrives.

Memorial services in honor of the dead of the
famous regiment was held in the large cotton
compress hall this morning. A. C. Scott, Presi-
dent of the Oklahoma Agricultural College,
conducted the services. About two hundred
Rough Riders were present,

Memorial Roosevelt Is

of honer. Her busband, Capt. Capron, who

was killed in Cuba, was formerly stationed at
Fort Sui, near the reunion city.
the whole day
being one of mourning for the dead he! oes,

To-m: rrow the city will put on « gayer an-
yearance, being “free homes" day. ennis
Fivnn, De'egate from Ok!uhoma and exponent
of “free hom s," arrived this morning from
Washington and wi!l be Monday's hero. The
Rovgh liders who will take part in the rej roe
duction of the battle of San Juan Hillare now
getting anxiols for that time to arrive

Humming Bird, the Kiowa Indian chief, has
sent word iro) his reservation that he will be
hereon Tuesday to ask Gov. Roosevelt to se-
eure places for 200 Indians in the war against
China,

 

SHOT STRIKE SY UPATHIZERS,

 

Theodore Waters of St. Louts Wounded Two
Men Who Threatened Uim and His Wife,
St Lovis, Mo., July 1.-Two North End
strike sympathizers were shot by a citizen
this evening, one fatally and the othr
Theodore Waters of 909 Salisbury
atreet, Secretary of the Hafner-
Lothman Manufacturing Company dd the
shootin and his victims are Jullus Kulage of
1430 Mallinckrodt street, aged 30, shot in the

right breast, fatally, and Alexander Stoff-
recer of 3600 North Broadway, aged 18, |
sot in hip, serousy. Mr. and Mrs
Waters were returning home from church
} and alichted from a transit car at ir ad-
way and Salisbury street. As they did so

they were greeted wit the ery of ‘se b’ from
two men on the opposite side of the street
who followed them. He stopped an
warned them that they must desiat. Kulage
and Stoffrecer closedin on Mr. Waters when
the latter pulled hia revolver and fired.

The wounded en were placed in an ambu-
lance a: d hurriedly driven ‘to the dis: ensary

where Kulag‘s (wound was pr no nee
probably fatal, Stoffreger's injur = was dressed
and at his own request be was s nt tohs,

home After taking his wife hom Mr.
Watora walked to the Filth distrist station and
s rendered. Short! «afterward, Nigh ( lef
Pickel came to the station, .od on hearing the
details of the sooting, ordered Waters's re-
lease

$500,000 Laboratory Burned,

RinanamtTon, N.-Y, duly 1.--The extensive
laboratory of J. M. Kilmer &Co., manufacturers
of Swainp Root, was destro ed by fire at 1
o'clock this morning
in an alle way adjoining the main buildi ¢
ind be ore the fire company located across the
street could cet to work the flames had » read
to th» interior The buildings covered half a
block and were constructed of wood and brick
So fleree was the fre thatin hav an hour they
were reduced toashes, Only a portion of the
front wallisstanding, Anadiacent house, with
ite contents, Was d stroved, and two adjoining
The loss is estimated at
$500,000 The fire wes of jocenciary origin and
detectives are investigating, Mr. Kilmer says
the laboratory will be running in ten
days

The Committee of One Hund-ed on India Famine
Re lef renorts 8793.05 additional subseripitons re
eived on Satunday, malbiog th totat on that date

O8. 264,15 ‘
$103,264 ;

ont |

Mrs, Allen K. .
Capron has arrived at Oklahoma and is a guest |

To-night most |

The fire was discovered |

FOUR ALARMS

 

 

WAR STILL STOPS MINI

Farmers’ Feed Company's Building Destroyed |

~ Loss Possibly $300,000.

| The five-story brick building of the Farmers’
| Feed Company, extending from 529 to 535 East
Seventy-fifth street and from 530 to 536 Eaat
Seventy-sixth street, was totally destroyed
by fire at 7 o'clock last night, though four alarms
were turned in and nearly a score of engine
companies under Chief Croker’s personal com-
mand fought to save it,

Half a dozen grain shovellers were at work
in the building when the fire started, It was
a small blaze when they discovered it and they
attempted to extinguish it with the apparatus
onthe premises. The delay only caused the
fire to spread. When the firemen arrived
the entire tbree upper stories, which were
tilled with brewery grain, were aflame. Capt.
Barry of Engine Company 39 was the first
commander on the scene, He turned in a
‘second alarm and Chief Croker came around
on the jump. He ordered a third and then a
fourth alarm. By this time the building was
a mass of flames and the efforts of the firemen
were directed principally to saving the surround-
ing dwellings. In this they were successful.

tite walls of the burned building were lined
with grain chutes, which furnished chimneys
for the flames, The glare when the building
blazed up illuminated the East River for iniles.

‘he tire burned until nothing but the walls
were left. ‘

When the fire started Fred Walters, super-
intendent of the company was in Hoboken
Where one of the company's lighters was burned
on Saturday alongside of a North German
Lloyd pier. He arrived at his office vo find th
compaby's building a total loss, He estimat
the damage at $900,000 and the insurance at
half that amount, Chief Croker placed the
damage at $150,000,

Bicycle Policeman Fogarty rushed into t
burning building soon after the :!re started an
found the engineers badly ratuled, Fogarty
was an engineer before he joined the force,
He turned off the steam and assisted in raking out
the coal from under the boiler, preventing a
possible explosion,

BAD BLAZE IN A SKYSCRAPER.

 

 

Big Crowd Watches the Firemen at Work os
the McCready Bullding's Top.

Several thousand persons watched the fire-
men subdue a troublesome blaze in the rear of
the top floor’of the McCready building at the
southeast corner of Twenty-first street and
Fifth avenue. The tire was not extensive, but,
being on the top floor of a tall building, it was
difficult to get at and made an interesting spec-
tacle tor everybody in the neighborhood The
flames started in the loft occupied by the Pub-
lishers and Printers’ Engraving Conpany, of
which Henry (©. Jones is the President.
had gained considerable headway betore it
was discovered and an alarm was turned in

As soon as the firemen arrived they turned in
a second alarm which brought Chief Croker
and Engine Company 72, which only went into
eommission yesterday. Lines of hose were
taken up to the ninth floor by the stairs and
elevator and other lines were hoisted by ropes
on the outside to the seventh floor. These
were tused by firemen who fought the flames
from the rear fire escapes. H.C. Ficken of
'o West Twenty-seeond street, the architect
of the building, came along after the firemen
wot to work and told them that the north side
of the building was ecuipped with rewu-

 

lation  standpipes. ‘The firemen asked
him why in blazes he didn't put them on the
oulside of the building where they could

be of use. If the standpipes had been used
about ten minutes’ time spent in dragging hose
into the building might have heen saved,

The fire was confined to the floor on which it
started. The roof was badly damaged and
the lower part of the south wing suffered con-
siderably by water. Chief Croker roughly e@s-
timated the total damage as $10,000, but said it
might be more. Nathaniel I, MeCready, the
owner of the building, sailed for Furope last
Saturday

MIDNIGHT BLAZE IN HARLEM.

Tenement Dwellers Rescued by Citizens and
Firemen.

Charles Underhill, while at work in the Edi-on
Elvetric Light Works in Fast 121st atreet just
before midnight last night, saw fire blaz-
ing In the cellar of the five-story tenement
at 183 Kast 120th street. He telephoned for the
Fire Departinent and Harry Meyers, another
employee in the works, ran around to the house
and began to wake the tenants. Meyers said
that thefire seemed to have started in the
buildiig in two or three places,

Meyers assisted several of the tenants 10 the
street, and Jack Englind, a son of the Park

SS SSS sss sss sss ees

volice «captain who was riding past the
ouse_ on his tieyele, broug t down
Mrs. Bocher, a cripple, who lived on the

third floor, He also cairied down to the street
three small children of the MeDermott family
from the second floor, Other cRizons and the
firemen saved the rest of the tenants

The fire was quickly extinguished. Three
alarms wer sent in as a precautionary meas-
ure. The building was not seriously damaged.

OUR KILLED AND WOUNDED.

Five in the List ef Dead Reported From
Capt. McCalla's Force.

WasHINGTON, July 1-The Navy Depart-
ment thi# morning received from Come
mander Raymond Rodgers of the Nashville,
now at Chefoo, a listo! casualties among Capt.
McCalla’s detachment of 100 men from the
Newark in the engagements between Vice-

 

 

  
 

PS MINING,

GEN. ROBERTS ORDERS RETURNING
CIVILIANS AWAY FROM PRETORIA.

 

 

Constant Clashes Between the Boers and
British Patrols in the Free State— Plan to
Pata Memortal Tablet Where a Statue of
Kruger Was te Be Erected tn Pretoria.

Svyeciai Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

, From THE SUN's Correspondent with Gen. Roberta

|

Pretoria, July 1.—Thie premature return of
civilization to the Rand has been checked
by Gen Roberts's order. A number
of mining «and engineering experts,
including some of the magnates of the
Rand, have reapperred in Johannesburg
during the past fortnight, but they have now
been ordered to return to Bloemfontein. It
will probably be three months before the coun-
try will be ready for the resumption of it usual
industries,

Reports are received daily of British and
Boer patrols coming in contact, These, com-
bined with the condition of the riib

ways, keep the people face to face with
the fact that the war is not yet ended,
Many persons why have surrendered

their arms and who have received passes
1o return to their homes, some of which are

| only twenty miles distant, are as yet unwilling

to leave the city 0: ing to the conditions pre-
valling outside. Yesterday the train from
Johannesburg to Pretoria took eight hours to
make the trip.

ln Chureh Square here there is a large granite
hase that was intended to be the pedestal of a

| statue of Pre-ident Kriiger, It is now suggested

|
|
|

Admiral Seymour's column and th» Chinese ,

between Tier-Isin and Lang-Fang. The list
was for arded to Commander Rodgers by Ad-
miral Kempff. Commander Rodgers says the
casuities occurred on Jone 25 The list,
withthe name and addreas oi the next of kin
given immediately after the name of each man
killed, is 4s follows

Killed—-Boa swain's Mate Thomas, next of
kin, Mrs. T. Lunigon, 6038 North Front street,
Philadeiphia, Gunner's Mate Benson, Mra. Anna
Re son (moter); Gislefos Konsonosayn, North
Undal Mandah!, Norway; Apprentice Brom:n,
| lda M. Broman (mother), 1427 West Superior
street, Duluth, Minn; Landsman Sever- n,
Lawrence» Severson (father), 1034 Wabash ave-
nue, Chicago i

Wounded —Capt. McCalla, Cadet Tauasig,
Boatswain's Mate Holvo e, Machini-t Hanford,
' Landsman Kellicky, Fireman Rowe, Landsman

Garrety, Coxswain Ryan, Quartermaster Con-
way, Coxswain MeClay, Fireman Fiaherty,
Seam -n Lloyd, Child, Anderson, Jansen, Vo'-

eney Coxswain Thomas, Lind-
not given); apprentices Johnson,
Rasinussen, Welch and Private Ordeff (Marine
Corps)

The names and adresses of the nextof kin
of the wounded will not be furnished until
to-morrow, When th regular force of olerks of
the Bureau of Navigation reports for duty.

muller, Me
bohm (ratin

MUST REMAIN ON THE ACTIVE LIST.

The Death of Rear Admiral Philip Prevents
the Retirement of Capt. Ide,

WasHtnaton, July 1.—The death of Rear
Admiral Philip will prevent the retirement
from active service on his own application of
Capt. George E. Ide, recently detached from the
Guam station ship Yosemite and ordered to the
United States Naval Hospital at Yokohama for
medicaltreatment. Under the Naval Personnel
act there must be a specified number of vacan-
cies in each grade of the Navy, from Ca; tain to
Lieutenant, every yeor to afford a natural even
flow of promotion,
vacancies created in a grade by regular retire-
ments, deaths, resignations and dismissals, the
list of those applying for retirement Is resorted
to, and If, when this ia exhausted, there are not
enough vacancies created, a Board of Rear Ad-
mirals names enough officers to fill the list,
selection being confined to those believed to ba
least fitted to remain in the service. Admiral

Philip's death will cause the promotion to flag
rank of Capt. Merrill Miller, thus making one
mere vacancy in the list of Captains, As Capt.
Ide was the last officer of his grade to volun-
tarily apply fer retirement, he must remain on
the active liet for another year, unless his illness
should cause his retirement on account of diaa-
bility. These voluntary and compylsory re-
tirements take effect (rom to-day, the beginning
of the fiscal year, Had Admiral Philip died to-
day instead of yesterday Capt. Ide would have
been retired.

 

that instead of a statue there he erected a
memorial to all those who have fallen in the
war, The site is a aultable one, as it faces the
Government buildi: gs and the Hall of Justice.

Lonpoy, July 1.-Gen. Sir H. Colville bas
been ordered home, but no reasons for this
action are given, Matters are apparently
progressing favorably io the British every-
where except in the Orange River Colony,
where as a despatch dated June 26 says, the
inilitary situation is one of kaleidoscopic
change.

SAN JUAN SCHOOL BURNED.

 

Porto Rican Stracture Destroyed With a Less
ef 626,000.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
San JUAN DE PuERTO Rico, July 1.--The
model training school, which was completed

It | last December, was destr yed by fire to-day.

The structure was of wood, two stories in height
and burned with great rayidity. The fire de-
partment had no serviceable equipment and
little could be done to check the flames The
fire was due to spontaneous combustion in the
laboratory. The furniture, stock of books and

the records of the Board of Education for fifty |

years were destroyed) The loss is $25,000; in-
surance, $10,000.

A crowd of 5,000 persons, including Gov. Al-
len, assembled to watch the fire, which could be
seen for many miles,

MISS APPLEGATE GLAD TO SEE HIM.

 

 

But Her Father Ordered Shaaghnessy Away
and Had Him Arrested.

4 young man called at the residence of Charles
H. Applegate at 22 West Sixty-first street about

10 o'clock last night and asked to see Mr. Apple- ,

gate’s daughter. She came to the door and
engaged in conversation with him and then
left him, telling him she would return in a few
minutes, He became impatient and rang the
door bell again.

Mr. Applegate answered it this time and
ordered himto go away. A few minutes later
he is alleged to have rung the bell again and
Mr. Applegate's wife responded. She, itis said,
also ordered him to go and he refused.

Mr. Applegate then went to the West Sixty-
eighth street police station and asked the ser-
geant to send a policeman to his house to arrest
a man. When Policemun McGill reached the
house he found the man complained of inside
talking with the daughter. Mr. Applegate
ordered the policeman to arrest him. The girl
protested and said;

Father, if you have him arrested I will leave
home.” The father was obdurate, however,
and the young man was taken to the station
house despite the girl's declaration that it was
an outrage. The prisoner said he was Philip
Shaughnessy, 26 years old,, Ale was locked
up on a charge of disorderly conduct. He is
said to be a clerk in one of the city departmenta,
Mr Applegate is an editor at 73 Fulton street.

STEAMER'S DANGER IN THE RAPIDS.

Spartan'’s Radder Chain Broke and Ptiot
Beached Her—American Tourists Aboard.
MONTREAL, Quebec, July 1.—A party of Ameri-

can tourists arrived in Montreal to-day after

passing the night on board the R. & 0. steamer

Spartan in the Lachine Rapids as the result of a

thrilling xperience. When the Spartan, which

was on her way down from Toronto last night,
was about to enter the Lachine Rapids, the rud-
der chain broke, and there was the greatest
danger that the steamer would be dashed to
piers. against the rocks.

The pilot, with great presence of mind, turned
the steamer broadside to the rapids and

 

 

‘beached her on a shoal about three hundred

When tiere are notenough |

Reorganization of the Third Assistant Post- |

master General's Omer,

WASHINGTON, July 1.--A partial reorganiza-
tion of the office foree of the Third A+istant
Postmaster-General went into effect to-day, the
beg nning of the fiscal year The Postal Appro-
priation .ct for the current year provided fora

Su’ erintendent of the Registry @ stem a $2,500,
which was filed by the promotion of WiillamH.
Landvoiat from a clerkshin Four Assistant
Su erintende ts of the Registry Division were
also prov ded for and the pesition. filled by the
appointme itof James O'Connell to the western
division, Edwin Sands to the eastern, Harwood
M Bacon to the middle, and RB Mundelle to
the southern. They receive $2,000 ; er annum
and #3 per diem expenses i Kelly waa

i’ mon

~

promoted tobe Chiefef the Classifieation Dte |

yards from shore. There was a good deal of
excitement on board, but no panic, and nearly
all of the passengers remained on the steamer
over night. They were taken off to-day and

| brought to Montreal.

 

MASTER WORKMAN PINES DEAD.

 

He Was Leader of Two Unsuccesefel Trolicy
Strikes in Brooklyn,

James Pines, Master Workman of District
Assembly 75 of the Knights of Labor, under
the auspices of which the disastrous trolley
strike in Brooklyn last summer took place died
yesterday morning athis residence, 105 Huron
street, Brooklyn, of typhoid fever. Pines was
born {n South Adams, Mass., and was 80 years
old. When he became old enough to look for
work he found his way to New York and after
nome time obtained employment as a conductor
on a Brooklyn street car. He had the knack
of controlling men to a certain extent, and
when the general street car strike took place
in Brooklyn tn 1895 he was looked upon as its
leader. Owing to the prominent part he took
in the strike he found difMiculty in obtaining
employment on a surface railroad after it waa
over, and became a clerk In a real estate office.
He kept up his connection with the Knights of
Labor, however, and heid the place of Master
Workmarof District Arsembly 75 when the
trolley strike of leet summer took place,

Pi ies, though he assumed the place of leader
of the strike after it was declared, always maine
tained that the strike was ordered againt his
ulvice
tie was in poor health before typhoid fever
attacked him, and had worried a gocd deal over
the recent quarrel among the executive officers
of the Kniahts of Labor, in which he sided with
John N. Parsons, the leader of the last trolley
strike rene, in Manhattan *

weaker and very popular among the
of Labor, eapectally in Distriet Aseembly 75,
He was regarded ar a ian possessir g more of
what is known as horse sense than the nverag
labor leader possesses, le leaves a widow an
one boy. Both the Central Federated Union
and the Central Labor Union passed resolutions
of regret at his death yesterday.

TREASURE SHIP FROMTHE KLONDIKE

 

 

The City of Seattle Brings Down $2.500,000,
the Largest Shipment This Season,

SEATTLE, Wash, July 1.—The steamers City
of Beattl, Aberdeen and Robert Dollar ar-
rived to-dav from Alaska, The City of Seattle
brought out 260 pesaengers from Dawson and
$2,500,000 gold dus’, $2,000,009 of which was con-
signed othe Government Assa Office here by
the Canadian Bork of Commerce — $200,000
was inchargeol Prof Lippy, the clean-up of
hie Kiondike ciaime this spring. ard $800,000
was distributed among the passengers, mak ng
the largeatamount of dust brought down this
year. Th total receipts since June 1 now
amount to $5 125,000

Toe returning miners state that the water
supp.y is tocrea ing becau-e of the warm
weather which is melting the ice, enabling bet-
ter clean-ups than were anticipa ed,
dict that the output will ey ceed 825 000,000

The Aberdeen and Robert Dollar are from
Cape Nome, but bring no later news than that

' iarnishbed by steamer San Blas last night,

Pines was a fluent |
nights |

hey pre-

rer

  

| SEE FOR ARCHBISHOP KEANE.

| Said That the Pope Will Pince Him at Head
of Archdlecese of Dubuque.

| According to a well-informed American in
Rom», it is certain that Archbishop John J.
Keane, the former rector of the Catholic Uni-
versity at Washington, is to be appointed by
the Pope Arohbishop of Dubuque, Ia, to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of Arch-
bishop Hennessy. Frienda of Archbishop
Keane in this‘vountry consider that his appoint-
ment as Archbishop of Dubuque will be a great
victory over his enemies in the Church, It is
said that the promotion to the Dubuque Arch-
bishopric has been antagonized by the anti-
American elementat Rome. When Archbishop
Corrigan saw the Pope in Rome recently, it is
reported that he spoke in favor of Archbishop
Keane's appointment to Dubuque, Other
American prelates who have been making
jubilee pilgrimages 10 Rome are also said to
have championed Archbishop Keane's cause

 

Friend. in this city af Archbishop ireland’ | Palace.
who has gone abroad to visit Paris oni Rome, |

have just received from th: Eternal City co ies
of @ letter the Archbishop wrote to Cardinal
Rampolla, (he Papal Secretary o. Stats. This
letrer was written to correct om» miarepresen-
tatlong made concerning a c mmunicati not
Arenblsnop Irelinds to the Duke of Norfolk,
the leading Catholic la man in England and
President of the Cathoic Union of big and,
A. chbishop Irevand says io his letter to Cardinal
Kainpolla:

“A Roman correspondent in a recent number
of the Journal de Genéve st ites tiat much sur.
prose is felt in Kome at the i: telligence that ina

tt r written to the Duke of Nor, olk, r
Ireland has denounced the temporal power of
the Pope and the methods of the Congregat.ons
and the Court of home 7

“T can easily beli ve thet none of ‘his rubbish
which the Journal de denéve has given its read-
era hag reacheu ch: eara of your Emine 109, or
that. i’ yon knew of it you treated it properly
and discoverea how Jalse and ridiculous ix the
affair Inthe letter which IT had ha 1 occasion
to write to the Duke of Norfolk, anu whieh
was published inthe Tablet aid other Engl ah
journals, Laid not say a singl+ word about the
tem oral power, the Roman Court or the
Roman Congregations"

CATHOLIC FEDERATION APPROVED.
Many Soctetios Within the @hurch Are in
Favor of the Plaa.

‘The first practical step toward the federation
of Roman Catholic societ es, that has been
w ely discussed among Catholics since Bishop
McFaul of the diocese of Trenton approved
the project, has been taken. Ata convention in
Philadelphia last week of the Knights of St
| John, an organization of Roman Catholic lay-

men with branches throughout the country, the

matter was carefully considered, A committee
| of that organization has been agitating for the
federation, and it reported that twenty-two
diferent Catholic unions had favored the
scheme. At the convention there were present
deleg ites from eight of these asso jations, rep-
resenting a total membership of 600,000 T
delegates were from the Knights of Columbus,
the Catholic Order of Forestera, the Anci nt
Order of Hiberni ns. the Cathode Knights of
America, the Cutholio Relief and Beneficiary
As ociation, the Bolomian Cat olo (eniral
Union, the Young Men's Institute and the
Knighi« of Father Math w. A report from the
Federation Conimittee stated that the project
had the apnroval of Mer. Martinelli, the Deie-
gate A ostolic, C irdinal Gibbons and a large
number of Archbishops ana Bishors. It is ex-
pected that the details nec asary before the
most important of the Catholic societies can be
united will be completed shortly.

The talk to the effect that the proposed feder-
ation of Catholic societies will result in the
praciioal formation of a Catholic party hus
yroucht expressions cf strong opposition from
! Catholics in various parts of the country. The
fed ration proposed is received with favor, but
the majority of the Catholic leaders seem to be
of the opinion t) at a Catholic political part?
would be inadvisable and unnecessary. In the
West this view is g¢ nerally taken.

NABBED BY 4 WOMAN ON

 

 

4 CAR,

 

Census Enumerator Seized by the Neck and
Lecked Up on a Charge of Swindling.

Benjamin Senger of 251 West Nineteenth
street was locked up in the West 125th street
station last night on the complaint of Jennie
Clarke of #42 West Twenty-third street who
acoused him of swindling by selling her for
$50 a worthless mixture which he had said
would replate silver

The arrest was made on an’ Eighth avenue
trolley car. Senger and his wife were sifting
on the front seat. Miss Clarke sat behind
him but did not recognize him until the car
reached 116th street. Then she leaned over

the back of the seat, grabbed’ Senger by the
peck and velled:

“Swindler' police!”
Moran who were also on the car arrested the
man

The prisoner said he had never seen the
woman before. He said that he was a census
enumerator and produced a certificate to prove
it.

LEADER COX I8

Therefore He Resigns From the Republican
National Committee.
Cincinnati, July 1.—At the Republican
National Convention in Philadelphia last week,

i

 

FOR HARMONY.

KEITH'S

Detectives Enright and |

George B. Cox of this city, the Republican |

leader, was elected as the Ohio member of
the Republican National Committee by a vote
of 20 to 17. Last night he sent his letter of
resignation to Chairman Hanna, and refused
pexe any statement in addition to what

to
he
follows

“The Republican party is bigger than any
individual. My election a: National
mitteeman has caused a condition in Ohio
that I did not anticipate, and that should not
exist, I am profoundly gratefiil for the honor
our delegation conferred upon me. My friends
who voted for me and made mv elevation pos-
sible have mv aratitude. [ have no feelings
whatever against tho-e who voted against
me. My duty {+ plain to me. I cannot be
an excuse for party disaffection,”

SENATOR PLATT TOOK A REST.

 

Stilt Weak bet Better-—Will Be at Business
To-day.
| Senator Thomas C. Platt did not come to the
! oity from the Oriental Hotel on Saturday at a!l,
and he scaroely loft the hotel yesterday. lo-
day, however, he will come up and attend to
businesa as u-ual. Senator Platt said that he
was sifil weak, but wis feeling muc better on
the whole. Helooked very much betier than
he has at any time since he returned from
Philadelphia
“It's harder to keep away from work than to
go up and attend to {t,”’ he said vesterday and
then he added that he wouid be at his office
to-day. al c
OBITUARY.
The Rev. 8. N, Bebout, pastor of the Metho-
di<t Church at Little Fails, No d., died there on
Saturday. He had weer nastor of the Prospect
Street M_E. Churcn in Paters nand of Trinity
Church, Newark,

The Weather.

The area of high pressure was passing over the
lake regions yesterday and partly covering the mid
die Atlantic and New Fngtand States, where the
weather remained fair ard modevately cool, with @
Aft northwest wind blowing off the coast

West of the Mississipp! the pressure was generally
low and it was exceptionally warm in the central
Misaissipp! States and the Missouri Vallry. The de-
preasion was moving eastward, carrying the heat
with 1

There were scattered thunderstorms in the upper

Mississippi Valiry and in the Southwest; elsewhere |
In this city the day |

the weather waa generally fatr.
wasfalrand comparatively cool; wind. brisk north
west; average humidity, 59 per cent. barom: ter cor
rected to read to sea level at SA. M., 20.08; 3 P.M.
20.09.

The temprra'ure as recorded by the oMctal ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer atthe
street level, is shown in the annexed table

—OMelal— Sun's! —OMeal— Sun's

WASHINGTON FORFCAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW

For New England fair to day; warmeron the coast;
Tuesday fale, diminishing northerly winds.

For easiern New York, eastern Penrayleania and
New Jersey fair and warmer today; Tuesday fair,
High north winds.

| For Delaware and Maryland fair today and Tues
| day; warmer today in northern portion leht north
winds shifting to South Tuesday.

For the District of Columbla and Virginia, fair to

; day and Tuesday: light northerly shifting t) south.
erly wilods Tuesday.

For western Pennsylvania and wesieri: New York,
falrand warmer today. showers tonight and ‘urs
{ day: Nebt easteriy winds

oe

ad said in his letter, which in part is as)

Com- ,

|

1000, 1499, 1900 1900, 1899, 1900.
9A, M.62° 68° 62° 6PLM.74° 73° iBP
12M 70°) «676° «669° 9PM 70°) «ov 71°,
3P.M 74° = 75° 75°12 Mid 67° 64° 68°

Amusements.

MANHATTAN BEACH
“3:30 | FANCIULLI'S
P.T1.| 71ST REGT. BAND

     

 

 
         
 

tree Band C. neert in A
To-acens ! Pain's Creat ‘Spiciacie & Fireworks
a Yama,
SP. M. | Japan in Flower and Flame
a
| 9 | BY ARRANGEMENT WITH TH
P.M, | AUGUSTIN DALY ESTATE. ”

   

A RUNAWAY With Mr.
GIRL [ane Pom

Matinees Ji:
July 9,

Conttawous
Performance.

4 and Saturda; ;
Pr mrose é& Dockstader ?

    

   

Proctor’s vis42,3%:

Jobn Pred’k Cooke & Co.
5th Ave. debe} ” 0.. Rixtord Bros,

\ & Simonds, Bachelor Clue

23rd St. {A Surprise Party Co. Jennie Yeamante
(Cole & Johnson, Manning & Weston, ete.

{Raioh Stuart & Co. Nan Lewald & Co.
\Galetti's Monkeys, Wartenberg Bros, Ple

HAMMERSTEIN'S 43D ST AND BROADWAY.

European Neat Sunday
Vaud ville | Sd Grand
wv and setsin | POPFLAR
Venedan Terrace Riog Clreus” PRICE
ROOF GARDEN combined Conwert

5:15 to midnight. Fully
_ Protected from the weather

THE ROOF GAROEN

& BIAL’S OF ALL NATIONS.
Mat, Wednesday, July 4th,

BiG, NEW
VARIETY BILL, S00. Admission—6 00.

’ CONTINCOUS | |
PASTOR'S <ey" re
SEATS 20 & 3) CENTS DAV AND NIGHT
 SARKIE GRAMAM AS SIS HOPKINS,
Swirl & HUBER, RAL & BROSCHE,
Wt IP DACRE, THE VITAGRAPH.,
oe eee SL TT
DIGBY BEL
JAS. O. BARROWS & CO,
‘ in’ The Major's Appotatment
Marzella's Cockatous, Milton Abora & Ca,
Farnum & Seymour, Zelma Rawlston.

PALACE MUSIC HALL & I
GARDEN, 1t0un St & WB leward.
Adm 25¢ Sv Mat. ioe. Rain orshine:

Kitty Mitchell, 3 Gardners. 3 Cardawnle Sis-
ters, 15 other Ref ned Acts. Coolest roof ia town,

_ end Aerial Clrens.

KOSTER

ry stat Covered Rain oi SRO
YORK , CHERRY ELOSSOM GROVE
x Mat, ty |" 2 OC
Casino! Rusa ey Seal Gage
ERS!
Kur TO NWT! Ted Marke’ Summer Solreest
ST. NICHOLAS GARDEN, (om St &O v

THE . Broadway, 4ith &4dtn sO very evening
laborate Progra mine 25 Star Acts.
‘THOS IN THE B a
“HOS. SEABROOKE '\..""" ROU
Summer Night Concerts.

lol. Ave.
KALTENBORN 50 MUSICIANS,
: CPU UEE very Mvening, Admission 556

INE MA TOG !
Mrs
Morning and Aiternoon Concerts

and eharming sail on the majestic Hudeon, See
Day Line advs., steamboat aud exe. columns.

WORLD IN WAX
EDEN
ANEW “Uh,

 
 
 

BERGEN BEACH

CASINO.

Merry Musiral Comedy

“THE GIRL IN BLACK.”
Flavvush & Nostrand Av. Cars Direct, Se.

STH WEEK

DROWNED IN BOSTON HARBOR

‘Two Men and @ Boy Lost From a Capsiged
Vacht—Rest of the Party Saved.

Bostox, July 1.—Two men and a boy were
drowned in Dorchester Bey this afternoon
by the foundering of the catboat Niobe, owned
by E. L. Buekminister of Everett and Joho
Colson of Charlestown, The four other persons
on board the ill-fated craft were resoqued by a
launch from the United States life eaving vee-
sel anchored off City Point and a yacht owned
by Andrew Young. The Niobe put out from
Charlestown this forenoon, having on board
Buckminister, Henry Neal of Boston, Robert
Dingwell and his son Willie of Charlestown,
Walter Loud of Mattapan, George Crockett
of Chelsea and James McIntyre of this eity,
all of whom were employed by the Moxie Nerve
Food Company. The drowned were Neal,
Willie Dingwell and Walter Loud, The others
were batly exhausted from their struggle
and Mr. Dingwell only let his son sink after
bravely attempting to hold him above the eur-
face until assistance arrived

NINETEEN LONGSHOREMEN

MISSING.

Supposed to Have Been Drowned in a Col
lMston Off Norfolk.

Norrouk, Va, duly 1.—Nineteen negro lona-
shoremen who were aboard the barge rammed
and sunk lb the Merchaats and Minera’ Pac
senger liner Essex in this harbor about midnigh!
Jast night are still unaccounted for. The Essex
after the collision returned to her plier and pnt-
ting off the seventy-four men she picked up
when the barge aunk proceeded for Providenee,
The men she rescued went to the pier of the OL
Dominion Steamship Company and the fol
upon the time book was called. Thirty-two
men failed to reapond to their names,
these thirteen were reported to have gone from
the Pinners Polit ter uical of the Southern
Railway overland to thetr homes in Porte
mouth, while ninety-three embarked on the
barge which the Old Dominion Company's tug
Commodore Durvea was towing for Norfolk,

Capt. Ercest, chief atevedore of the Olu Doa-
minion Live here, believes that ail the missing
nineteen were drowned

Union Actors in Three Classes.

The delegate of the Hebrew Actors’ Union
reported to the Central Federated Unon vea-
terda’ that the union bad classified the eclarics
of the actors at $28, $21 and 84a week,

“The lessees of the Hebrew theatres,” he
evid, “are forming atrist) They have aude
seribed $5,000 .ach and riedead themselves not
to employ any union actors.”

 

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC}TIIS DAY

Sun rises 4 TAS) Moon sets .10:28
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY

Sandy Hook.!1 22) Gev 1d i154) Well Gate

Arrived SUNDAY, July 1
U.S transport Rawll.s, F adelpuala,
Ss Bove, Jones, Liverpool, fin 2a
Ss Goulced Scheer, Paravich, Trieste May 26,
Ss Bristol City, Serdell, Swaneea, June 17

2 Sun sets

wh?

June &0

Ss Pot-dam, Boujer, Rot rdam. June ot
S85 Bolivia C ale. Noples. June 18

Ss Thoms Melviile, Greig Gibraltar, June 1@

Ss Co rado Whitton Hull. Jure 17

S« Ardanmhor, Jambon Nuev

S46 Menefactor, Swain Pitladely io, June 3A,

Sa Somertill, Cook. Coton . ¢ 22,

Ss Princess Anne Davie Norol¥, June 80,

Ss Guyand otte, Hiller, Norfo lune A)

Sa C hettahoochee. Sm th, Savannah June 2e
Ship Amoldiit, fern Ldy rpoek June d

Hark N B Morris, Stuart, Mick River, da, June at.

brig Hertha Gray Messenger, Macelo, May 30,

OUTGOING ST MAMSIUIPS

Saki To-morrow
Walls Close Vessel Safle
K. W. der Grosse, Bremen, 7TOOAM 1OO0A
Alamo, Calon 9S° AM 100P
Cufle Ligerpootl 12OOM
Comanche, Charleston Soop
BE] Dorado New Orleans . 4 00P
Sar Wednesday, Julya
St Louls, Souihampton TOO AM 1N00AM
Majestic Liverpool POO AM 1249M
Kensington, Antwerp 1VSOAM 12 oP
Navahoe, Charleston sooPM
Sati Thursday, Juiy 5
La Touraine, Havre. AS AM 1000 AM
Kalser Friedrich. Hamburg 65° AM 190 AM
' Yueat pn, Havana,........ !00PM 300PM
Trinidad, Bermuda 000A M

FOO AM

INCOMING STRAMSHIPS

 

 

Due To-day

Hendrika.. Algiers Jone ts
Nubla Stettin Juneis
John Fotheralll.....+ Farbados.. June 23
Marcuette ‘ London 21
Fournel Havre 5

Texas Shields.....
Taurie Livernool +o June 21
Anchorta Glasgow oe June 2t
Comus . New Orieans.......June 27
i) FROG. ++ 066 te008 oe New Orieans....... June 28
Rio Grande Brurswick.... ... June 20

Due To-morrow

Noordland Antwerp June 24
Poe :bontas Gibraltar June to
Genesee London dure iv
Sirdar (ibraliar Junet%
Caracas San Juan June 24
Advance... . Colon June 26
Fil Norte ooo New Orleans June 29
Comal seer Galveston June 27

Due Wednesday, July &
Oceanic Liverpool June 27
Barbarossa Bremen June 24
Lahn Hremen June 2a
Kateer Wilhelm If Gibraltar June 2N
Marietta Londan -June °°
Mad ana e St. lhomas June °9

Due Thursday, July S
London dune O48

iropeni
Bordemuk... eabune Ja

hateau Lafite see
seseeeee SWANS... s0r0e, dtr Bl

!
4
Jersey Cliy

 
  

‘

ITEM 8H! EV SAFO Sw am ew 6 we —