——
es ei
=—=_-+-—

VOL. LXXIV.—NQ 259,

SS

 

 
   

=

IT 1S UP 10 THE PRESIDENT

——s—
HE 10 DECIDE WHETHER HARKI-
WAN SHALL BE PROSECUTED.

Interstate Commission at Odds Over the
question—Some Members Believe the
Evidence Collected Is Such as to Make
Certain 8 Kuccessful Presecution.

Wasuinaton, May 16.--Government of-
foials express the opinion that the sole
responsibility will be laid on President

Roosevelt to decide whether the Harriman

railroad consolidation shall be prosecuted

ts a cornbination in restraint of trade.

While the Interstate Commerce Commis-

ot called upon to make recom-

fion is ! Nl
mendations in such cases, that body is
known to be at odds over the question as

to the advisability of the Government un-
dertaking prosecute Harriman or his

railroads
As the members of the commission are
{ully advised of every step that was taken
by Harriman in building up his great com-
hination and are familiar with every phase
of the transactions that are alleged to be
obnoxious to the anti-trust aot, the belief
is expressed here that if any considerable
numter of them, or those in whom the
. Precident has the most confidence, (ook the
view that Harrimap'’s bumerous consolida-
Hons would not stand the test of judicial
rocedure, the President might be loath to
embark upon a project that would end prob-
ably in failure.

The ecepticism that prevails in official
circles over the ability of the Government
to “smash Harriman” has been brought
out during the last twenty-four hours.
That it has existed for some time is known
for a certainty.

There are members of the Interstate
Commerce Commission who have no pa-
tience with the view of the so-called mod-
erate members that the evidence collected
during the progress of the Harriman inquiry
isnot such as to make certain a successful
prosecution of the greatest railroad com-
bine of modern times. They point to the
traffic agreement of the San Pedro and the
Southern Pacific under which the two roads
agreed to maintain the same rates, charges
and classification as a striking illustration
of one combination in restraint of trade
sith which Harriman was identified for a
period of about three years up to April 15
last.

Officials who privately express their
doubts about the wisdom of taking the
Harriman case into the courts point to the
decree of the United States Supreme Court
dissolving the Hill merger in support of
their position. That case was won by the
Government by an eyelash, the court stand-
ing four to five. One of the Justices who
voted in favor of a dissolution of the merger
intimated at the time that if the stock of
the roads that comprised the Hill merger
had been bought in open market it would
have put an entirely different aspect on the
question that was under consideration.

Arguing from thie premise certain officials
declare that if the Government instituted
proceedings against the Harriman lines
4s a combination in restraint of trade ite
case would be weak in one important. par-
ticular. They hold that the evidence does
not disclose that there was any conspiracy
in the present case, asin that of theNorthern
Securities Company. Harriman and his
associates, they say, purchased their stook
in the open market. As to the San Pedro-
Southern Pacific traffic agreement, they
are inclined to be forgiving. That is a
thing of the past. It has been abrogated,
and they say that is the end of it.

An important meeting of the Interstate
Commerce Commission to consider
Harriman case in all its bearings will be
held as soon as members now absent from
the city return. There will then be a
*show down,” it is predicted, as to whether
the commission will forward the evidence
collected in the Harriman case to the
Attorney-General or await a call for it on
the part of that officer if he is eo disposed
to act. The publication of the memo-
randum of BR, Kellage and ©. A.
Severance, special counsel in the case,
has resulted in a chaotic state of affairs
and has produced a feeling of annoyance
in Administration circles. For a time the
case appeared to be forgotten by the
public. Now it has been suddenly pushed
to the front and it is up to somebody to do
tomething

It is the expectation here that the Harri-
man case will eventually be taken out of
the hands of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, That body will be permitted
to put the finishing touches on the evidence
it has collected, but the President and his
advisers will decide just what is to be done
with what looks very much like a white
elephant

“I cannot say too emphatically,” esaid
& member of the commission to-day, “that
8! no time since we have had the Kellogg-
Severance mernorandum before us have
we had any intention of adopting it. Special
counsel merely told their story of the
Harriman case, and added to it certain
opinions and deductions,

The memorandum about which so much
fxcitement was raised yesterday was
‘ritten by special counsel at the conclu-
Fouin April of the argument of the question
whether the Union Pacific and the Southern
Pacific were competing roads, at the time
the Chicago and Alton deal was discussed
at great length, and Mr. Kellogg declared
that the time had come in the development
of the country when the Federal Govern-
ment should control or regulate the isgu-
ance of raliioad securities. The memoran-
Cin followed the lines of the oral argument,
Wich was made in public and reported in
the newspapers. The printed statement of
yesterday kicked up a hullaballoo, for the
*eason only that it purported to be the
fina! report of the commission in the cage,

to

Frank

 

BOT BOATS HAD PLENTY OF AIR,
Submarines Come to Surface After 24
Hfours on Sea's Bottom,

NEwrony, May 16.—The submarines Oc-
topus and Lake completed their twenty-

four hour submerged habitability test this
afte: noon

As noon an the boats came to the surface
they were boarded by the naval trial board
\ examine the air and conditions inside.
-r oath hoate conditions were found to be
& Cie best. All of the twenty-three men
‘ho had bean confined in the boats were
‘nthe beat of condition and all agreed that
they had spent a comfortable day.

Koth boats had twice blown out the foul

 

  

a

o reeanod alr tanks : Toe Octopus had | ALBANY, May 16.—-Gov. Hughes an-
wot Just one-forty-iifth of her air supply, ; nounced to-day that he would give @ hearing ;
Wille the Lake used about 100 cublo yards | : ¥

Of ite supply. ‘ es, me ye 2:00 0 i Vr

7

ee

the |

! replenished it with fresh alr from the |

 

+ Grand Jury Understood te Itave Found
Against a Metropolitan Lite Omicial.
The Grand Jury wound up late yester-

day afternoon its investigation of the

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.

[ Mone INSURANCE INDICTMENTS.

From what could be learned indictments !
for forgery in the third degree and perjury |

pany. The Indictments will not be filed
until! Monday, when the Grand Jury reports
to Justice Greenbaum in the Supreme
Court, Criminal Branch.

There was an impression that John R.
Hegeman, president of the Metropolitan,
might be a witness yesterday. Hie did not
turn up. Instead his counsel, De Lancey
Nicoll and John G. Milburn, sent a letter to
District Attorney Jerome saying that they
had advised their client not to appear.
They came to this conclusion after they had
had a talk with Mr. Jerome early in the
week. An invitation had been extended
| to Mr. Hegeman to explain certain trans-
; actions which were under investigation
| In substance Mr. Hegeman sent word that
he did not care to appear as a witness.

The witnesses heard yesterday were

James D. Knapp, a member of the finance
!
{
}

|
were ordered against an official of the com-

 

 

committee of the company; James D. Rob-
erts, secretary of the company; Bethune
Jones, assistant cashier of the Mercantile
Trust Company; Frederiok H. Ecker, comp-
troller of the Metropolitan, and representa-
tives of the Central Trust Company and
Brown Bros., bankers. It was through
some of these concerns that the syndicate
operations were carried on.

George W. Perkins may see the minutes
of the Grand Jury which efiled six indict-
ments against him for forgery in the third
degree, growing out of his management of
the affairs of the New York Life Insurance

| Company.
| terday by Justice FitzGerald, before whom
the motion was argued. The argument
on the motion was heard early in January
i before the Thaw trial.

j
| GEORGE G. MASON RESIGNS,

Cilet Helr of James H. Smith Qaits His
Place as Railroad Omectal.
Cricaco, May 16.—George Grant Mason,
who inherited $12,000,000 of the estate of
his uncle, James H. Smith, telegraphed
to-day to the office of the Chicago, Milwau-
kee and St. Paul road at Aberdeen, 8. D,,
| his resignation as division superintendent
| of the road at that place. Mr. Mason said
to-day:

“I believe that my uncle made me his
chief heir because he was pleased that I
stuck with the Chioago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railway. He must have kept
watch on his relatives. Back in 1882 my
uncle took a trip around the country, look-
ing up his relatives. At that time my
brother William and myself were about
to start in business. He offered to send

us to Yale and we accepted. After spend-

 

 

 

ing four years at college he sent us for
two years to a technical institute in New
York.

“After completing our studies there he
called us to his home and said that while
he would not insist it was hie wish that we
should cast our fortunes with the railroad
which was his ‘pet,’ and we ascepted. I
expect to always take a deep interest in
the railroad in the service of which I have
passed the best years of my life.”

Mr. Mason returned to New York to-
night.

PRESIDENT TO TAKE A VACATION.

He and Mrs. Roosevelt Are Going:to Pine
Knot, Va. To-day.
‘ WasuHinaton, May 16.—The President
and Mrs. Roosevelt will make a visit to Pine
Knot, the farm cottage of Mre. Roosevelt in
Albemarle county, Virginia, leaving Wash-
ington to-morrow morning. They will be
| accompanied only by three or four of the
White House servants, all the children
| being in school. The President's stenog-
| rapher and the usual Secret Service guard
will sojourn in North Garden, the negrest
point to Pine Knot on the railroad, while
Mr. and Mrs. Roosevelt remain at the cot-
tage. The regular Cabinet meeting to-
morrow will be postponed, but the Presi-
dent may return in time for the meeting
on Tuesday.

The visit to Pine Knot is made primarily
for the sake of Mrs, Roosevelt, who, al-
though in good health, is naturally wearied
by the activities of the social season and
the many functions which have been held

{at the White House since the opening of
the Jamestown Exposition.

 

 

 

A PASS.

It Is a Gold Card, Admitting Him to All the
League Baseball Games.

WASHINGTON, May 16.—A gold card, elabo-
rately engraved, was presented to President
Roosevelt this afternoon, entitling him to
free admission to baseball games in any
one or all of 256 cities of the United States.
The presentation was in some ways an inter-
esting occasion. A delegation consisting
of P. T. Powers of New York, Eugene F.
Burke of San Francisco,.J, H. Farrell of Au-
burn, N_Y..and M.J, Regan of Boston, officers
of the National Association of Baseball
Leagues, called at the White House, and
after they were shown into the Presidént's
office Mr. Farrell read a speech to Mr, Roose-
velt, beginning, “Mr. President: A nation
is known by ils sports,” and continuing at
| some length.

It was inferred that Mr. Farrell by the
use'of the word “sports” did not refer
to persons but to games, for President
Roosevelt in replying paid a high tribute
to baseball, © said it was the typical
Amerioan game and was to be appreciated,
rece recauime men of middie age mould
play it.

The President also received from his
visitors, in addition to the speeoh and the

PRESIDENT GETS

 

 

membership in the National Association of
Profeesional Baseball Leagues.

ee

STEAMPIVE RURSTS;: ONE DEAD,

A Second Workman Redly Scaided at B. R.
T. Pewer House,

A stoampipea in the power house of the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company at'Third
avenue and Second street burat last night
| filling the boiler room with steam. The line
| was cut off ag #900n a8 possible and the work-
‘men found Antonio Fosteino, one of the
helpers, lying on the floor. His whole body
was scalded. A cal! foran ambulance was
sentin and vy the time it got there ine room
had been pretty well cleared of steam.

While a doctor was working over Fos-
teino the other workmen found lying on
the floor directly beneath the break in the
kteampipe Nicolo Marsanio, He was dead.
Fosteino was taken to the Seney Hospital
in a serious condition. He lives at 316
West Thirty-ninth street, Manhattan. Mar-
sanio lived at 121 Elizabeth atreet

—_—

Hearing on Teachers’ Balery Bill

 

 

/

This decision was made yes- |

admission card, a certificate of honorary |

«

 

   

CLARK APOLOGIZES; WILL STAY

nt el

PASTOR WAS RETURNED FEE HE
GOT FOR MARRYING COREYS.

 

| He Writes to the Trustees Sasing That He
Committed a Great Wrong and They
Deciie te Keep Him and Share With
Atim the “‘fMumiliation anit Chagrin."

The Rev. Dr. John Lewis Clark, pastor
of the Bushwick Avenue Congregational
Church of Brooklyn, admitted last night
to the trustees and deacons of the church,
at a meeting of the church, that he had
committed a great wrong in marrying

William E. Corey and Mabelle Gilman, and

that he had returned Corey's fee. The

fee was suid to have been $1,000, but Mr.

Clark has denied that it was as much as that.

The pastor, after making his admission,
begged the indulgence of the church and
of the trustees. They consented to gon-
done his offence und share with him “the
humiliation and chagrin,” as they put it
in the statement they gave out.

The pastor's applogy was contained in a@
letter sent to the trustees and dated yea-

The letter was addressed “to the
| Bushwick
| It was
|
|
|
|
!
|

terday.
prudential! committee of the

Avenue Congregational Church.”
as follows:

“Gentlemen: My professional conduct
as a Congregational minister in perf orming
a wedding ceremony at Hote] Gotham on
May 14 having been challenged, I desire to
say that upon reflection I am convinced
that without intention I did @ great wrong
to my office as a Congregational minister ,
fo my church and to the Christian con-
ception of the marriage relation.

“I most sincerely regret having used my
ecclesiastical office to sanction this wedding,
and | beg the pardon of my church and de-
nomination for having, unwittingly and
without due examination end reflection,
been induced to officiate. I will humbly
recelve any censure which may be visited
upon me, for I realize increasingly the grav-
ity of my transgression. I have returned
the fee which was given me and ask for
such charitable judgment‘as Christian for-
bearance may afford.

“If this great,error, which was not with
evil intent, can be condoned I promise
most solemnly that in the future all my
uses of my ecclesiastical office shall be
strictly within the principles and the
practices of my denomination.

“With profound regret and_ humiliation
I am, most earnestly,

“JoHN Lewis CLARK.

The committee, made up of the trustees
and deacons, met at 7 o'clock and the meet-
ing lasted until after tt, At the end the
committee gave out the pastor's letter
and the following statement:

“The prudential committee of the Bush-
wick Avenue Congregational Church, having
received a statement from our minister,
the Rev. John Lewis Clark, reoords ite
sorrow at the dituation In which he finds
himself in having officiated without due
examination and reflection at a wedding
on May 14. We record our abhorrence
of the use of the office of the Christian
ministry in the sanction of euch weddings
and our gratitude that our minister now
sees with increasing clearness the gravity
of the transgression of the more! and Chris-
tian principles Involved.

“We accept his interpretation of his
action as without evil intent, as careless
and without due examination and refieo-
tion, and believing in his integrity as a
man and righteous purpose as a Christian
minister we recommend to our church that
in view of his statement no action be taken,
that the offence be condoned and that
we share with him the humiliation and
chagrin, striving by mutually bearing each
other's burden to exercise that epirit of
forgiveness and cultivate that spirit of love
which our religion enjoins.

“We recommend that the minister and
people turn again tothe work of this church
with chastened hearts, redeeming so far
as possible the situation by earnestness,
watchfulness and devoted service.”

This statement was signed by William
Schell, senior deacon; Thomas iu. Caniier,
treasurer; George W. Packard, George C.
Gill, Willem F, Pomtroy, W. R. Wilson,
George Gorden and F. W. Gauge.

Much bitterness was manifested in the
meeting, as wag evidenced by the sound of
angry voices ich could be heard in the
street outside the church, It was learned
that the trouble had arisen over the ques-
tion as to whether the findings of the com-
} mittee should be made publio or not and
| that two factions had been formed, but that
| a compromise had been reached at 11 o'olock,

when the statement was given out.
| Dr. Clark was present at the start of the
| meeting, but left early and did not return,

According to a report among the members

of the church lest night an informal meet-

ing was held on Wednesday night and the
action determined upon last night then
drawn up, but final action was postponed
becauso certain members of the committee
were absent. It was said also that Dr.

Clark had not been asked to officiate until

late Monday afternoon, when a friend of

Mr. Corey had called him up on the tele-

phone and had asked him to officiate. This

story would seem to account for Dr. Clark's
remark in his defence that he had not had
time carefully to consider the matter.
A campaign was carried on all day yester-
| day by women members of the congrega-
tion in behalf of the minister, with whom
| he je reported to be very popular, Prace
| tleally a house to house Canvass was made,
'and it was said that thie canvass had its
| effect on the cornmittee.
'
|

 

a

 

ANOTHER PAINTING STOLEN.

 

| Durer's Madonna at Fatriano, Never Px
hibited, Has Disappeared Mysteriously.
Special Cable Despatch to Tre Sun,
Loxpox, May 17.-A Rome despatch to
i the Daily Mail says that @ great stir has
been caused by a report that Albert Durer's

| famous painting of the Madonna at Fabri- |
It had been kept in |

‘ano has disappeared.
| a cupboard for a long time and was hever

exhibited. It is {eared that it was stolen
! long ago, sold and smuggled out of the
| country.
!

 

James G. Bennett's Yacht Grounds,

Spectal Cable Despatch io Tee Stn
HAMILTON, Bermuda, May 16.—James Gor-
don Bennett's steam yacht Lysistrata

While coming up the
She

| arrived here to-day
| harbor she grounded on a sand bar.
| wil} probably come off at high tide

 

| auanee ite 6 ney yore ER: Menty
er ‘e, ver eas te :
peat 1s ¥ pleasest odg ‘ er.

‘4

J)

v

 

 

 

17,

 

   

 
 

  
   
 

| Wikconsta Mepublicans Nominate tim for
| Spooner's Beat.
| Mapison, Wis., May 16.—Isaac Stephen-
son of Marinette upon the firet caucus ballot
to-night was made the Republican nominee
for United States Senator, The final seleo-
tion was marked by sensational episodes.
| The vote had been taken and Stephenson
} atill lacked several of the requisite fifty-two
when Assemblyman Goldsworthy, who had
been conferring with Lieut.-Goyv, Connor,
came into the room and asked if it was too
late to cast a vote. Goldsworthy yesterday
pledged himself to Hatten. The clerk was
= to call his name and ho an-
|
|
)

nounced his choice to be Stephenson.

Assemblyman McGregor, being recog-
nized by the chair, announced that he de-
sired to change his vote from Lenroot to
Stephenson. He was followed by Assemby-
man Nelson, who had voted for MoGregor
upon the roll call. Assemblyman Clausen
also changed to Stephenson from Hatten.

Then Assemblyman Morrie wae literally
pulled to his feet by the exalted Stephenson
men, who surrounded his desk. He de-
clared that he had promised the Stephen-
son workers that any time they reached
fifty-one votes in the cauous he would
vote with them,

The vote as finally announced was:
Stephenson, 64; Esch, 23; Hatten, 17; Mc-
Gregor, 2; Hudnall, 1.

On motion of Assemblyman Kuokuk,
| the nomination was then madeunanimous
{and it was carried with some dissenting
votes.

 

 

PRESIDENT BONILLA ARRIVES

Rerugee From Honduras Is tn Quarantine
at Galveston.

Dautuas, Tex., May  16.—President
Emanuel Bonilla of Honduras arrived at
Galveston to-day on the Woolvin Line
stearner Molina from Progreso, Mex. The
liner is in quarantine and it is impossible
to board the vessel to get any personal
statement from the Central American
political refugee earlier than Friday. It
is understood, however, be will land at
that time,

Bonilla etruck hard luck after declaring
war againat Nicaragua, and when the troops
chased him to the coast he was compelled
to yield. His army was ecattered and he
had no means of continuing the fight, He
was captured, but got his liberty on agree-
ment that he would leave the country. He
wae taken to Mexico and then sailed for
Galveston.

POLICE AFTER COL. C, A- EDWARDS

Secretary of Democratic Campaign Com
mittee Baspected of Stabbing a Maa.
WasuHinoton, May 16.—The Washington

police are looking for Col. Charles A. Ed~-

wards, secretary of the Democratic Con-
gressional campaign oommittee and clerk
to the minority organization of the House
of Representatives. Col, Edwards is sus-
pected of being the assailant of a man
who gave his name us Garland, and who
is supposed to be Befior Alejandro Garland,

Jr., an atta of the Peruvian Legation.
Garland wagbadly out shortly after mid-

night this morning in front of the De Soto

apartment house, at Massachusetts avenue
and Thirteenth street, in ‘an altercation.

|
The police have located Garland, but have
|

 

been unable to ses him. He {ts said to be
in @ serious condition.

The trouble between the two men was
due apparently to a young woman, Miss
Louise Soott, who resides at the De Soto
with Mrs. Raison. Col. Edwards, who
had been in New York, returned to Washing-
ton last evening and went to Mrs. Raison's
apartment, where he asked for Miss Soott.
When he was told that she was not at home
he went outside the apartment house and
waited there until just after midnight
when Miss Scott ap d accompanied
by Garland. A fist fight
once. Miss Scott called upon Garland
to run away, but he declined todoso. Then
Mids Scott tried to separate the men. but
was unsuccessful. In the course of the
fight Garland was stabbed severely.

was estar’ at

SENTENCE OF DE MASSY,
@even Years and Five Months for Kiting
Gustave Simon.

Anisia Louise de Massy, who killed Gustav
Simon, a Broadway shirt waist merchant,
was sentenced yesterday by Justice Blan-
chard in the Supreme Court, Criminal
Branch, to seven years and five months
in the prison for women at Auburn. She
was convicted of. manslaughter in the

first degree.

Mrs. de Massy came into court wearing
the gown that she designed in the Tombs
and which she was so partioular that the
reporters should describe poourately She
showed no emotion. Her lawyer, Charles
Le Barbier, made a plea for clemenoy,
saying that the woman was alone; that
despite the verdiot of the jury she still
protested her innocence, and that she was
& constant communicant in her church,
He added that the French Consul's office
had written a letter asking that the Court
be as meroiful as possible.

Justice Blanchard aid it was his duty
to impose substantial punishment

MRS,

 

JOHN LS NEPHEW PARDONED,

President Attaches @ Condition That He
Enlist in Marine Corps for Four Years,

WASHINGTON, May 16.--The President this
afternoon granted a conditional pardon
to John L. Lennon, formerly & private in
the United States Marine Corps, who is
now serving a term at Governors Island
for desertion. Lennon is a nephew of
John L. Sullivan, the former champion

ugilist, and Mr. Sullivan has visited the
of his kinsman,
Lennon that bo

 

| President twice on beha

lt was urged in favor o
did not really desert, but overstayed hie
leave for three days. The condition at-
tached to the pardon is that Lennon re-
enlist in the marine corps for @ full term
of four years ‘

After the President had signed the perdon
the question was raised of whether @ con-
ditlona! pardon of this kind {¢ legal, and
the matter war referred to the Department

| of Juetice for an opinion.
‘
'

 

 

FED IMMIGRANTS TOO WELL,

~—-

 

1907 .—Copyright, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Acsociation.

 

a a

Steanchip Captain Hauled Up for Debauci {

ing Ttalian Prugalits.

Capt. Bleeker of the «North German
| Lloyd steamship Friedrich der Grosse, in
| yesterday from Meditcrranean porta,
brought a remarkable tale of an effort on
the part of an Italian prosecuting attorney
‘+ compel acommander of @ North German
Lioyd vessel to limit the Guanes of meat
served tc Kleerage passengers taling from
italian ports he law specifies that the
immigrants shall receive “no less” than @
certain quantity of meat per day he
attorney had the captain before court lor
indulging the immigranta in meat three
times @ day, thus “enoouraging extrava-
gant waye of living” among the poorer
clesses of Italy that wae deterimental to
the interests of the kingdom. The Magie-
trate, who wae at firet inclined to consider
the case aertously, Gnally didmissed it.

| srerwensow ron sevsron. | RROOUNT BILL 10 THE MAYOR

ae ee
‘

RAINES THINKS WOLELLAN MUST
. ACT ON IT IF PASSED.

fle Belleves the Measure Will Become a
Law, but After the Srnate Committee
Hias Veted to Report it Faverahly
No Report Is Made to That Body.

AuBaxy, May 16.—Mayor George B.
MoClelian may be put in a most embarrass-
ing and rather delicate position by the
State Legislature. He may be called
upon to say whether or not the bill de-
signed to provide for @ recount of the voy
cast at the last New York city Mayoralty

election is to become a jaw. Senator John |

that the Prentice bill is
a city oil] and dhould be sent to the Mayor
for his approval. This had sever before
dawned on any one, but Senator Raines
says the Constitution of the State supports
his contention,

He says that he does not understand
why the framers of the bill did not make
it an amendment to the election law. Instead
they drew their bill so as to provide for
the recount of the votes cast at the last
elections held in oities of the first class,
providing that within twenty days after
the aot takes effect a petition is made for
such a recount. As thege is no dispute
4s to the validity of the title of Mayor Adam
of Buffalo to his office the bill affects New
York city only.

Senator Raines asserts that the Con-
stitution positively provides that bills
affecting cities shall be sent to the Mayors,
and although the language of the bill shows
that it is intended for New York city only,
Mayor Adam and Mayor MoClet!lan will
have to act upon.it. It is pointed out that
all rapid transit law amendments are sent
to the Mayor of New York city, although
they are drawn to affect cities of the first
class having a certain population.

The recount bill was drawn by Judge
Cohen end William H. Ivins and was de-
signed especially to cover the last New
York city election and nothing else, Sena-
tor Raines announced during the first days
of the eession that he was drawing a re-
count bill,as well asa bill that would remedy
the defects in the election law pointed
out by the Court of Appeals, but to date
that bill has not made ite appearance.

To-day the Senate Judiciary Committee
voted to favorably report the recount bill,
but when it adjourned the bill had not been
reported. Senator Grady was to blame
for this, however. He was anxious to
reach the order of motions and resolutions,
so that when the bill was reported he could
make a motion to pass the bill out of its
order, and when requeste were made to
advance bills to the third reading that
were reported by the different cornmittees
he objected, consequently Senator, Davis,
the chairman of the committee, had his
@ferk busily engaged in fixing up reporte
until after adjournment. The bill, how-
ever, Will be reported to-morrow.

Whether or not the fact that Senator
Grady was going to make euch a motion
when the bill was reported had any effect
upon members absenting themselves from
the chamber.is being speculated upon.
But when the Senate adjourned there
weren't a dozen Senators in their seats.
Senator Grady gave notice that he would
make his motion Monday night and this is
to act as notice that all membére were to
be in their seata.

While Senator Raines says that there is
no doubt that the bill will pass eventually,
he doesn't see how the Senate oan reach the
order of motions and resolutions Monday
night, and if that order of business is not
reached the motion cannot be made. To-
morrow the bill will be referred to the
committee of the whole of the Senate and
it is doubtful when it will be reached on
general orders, and if the policy is not to
get to motions aid resolutions before Thurs-
day something may happen to change senti-
ment about the bill.

Although Senator McCarren was the only
member of the Judiciary Committee to
vote against making a favorable report,
he is insisting that the bill will be defeated
when it 6omes up for final passage. There
were only eight members of the committee
present, 60 that seven votes had to be se-
cured to report the bill, At first Senator
Hinman voted against making a favorable
report, but when he saw that his vote would
prevent the bill coming before the Senate
this week and would violate the agreement
made last week that the committee would
surely report the bill this week he changed.
His vote in the committee, though, indi-
cated that he would oppose it on the floor
of the Senate,

Raines believ

 

LITTLE TIM WILE BET $20,000
That Recount Won't Elect Hearst —That's
$200,000 for the Poor.

Little Tim Sullivan wants to bet $20,000
that Mayor McClellan has nothing to fear
from the passage of the recount bill. He
made the offer last night when he was asked
how he thought the Murphy members of
the Legislature would vote on the measure.

“I haven't got the first line on what they
will do.” he said, “but it doesn’t matter
what happens to the bill, because a recount
won't put MoClellan out, No matter what
the Hearst crowd say the election was a
atraight one, and I will bet $20,000 in cash,
even, that a recount wil] not show @ varia-

tion of 800 votes from the official returns. |

If any one cares to take up that bet I will
have the money on hand to-morrow at the
City Hall.”

A $20,000 bet between Little Tim and
Hearet on the result of the recount might
add very much to the public interest in the
outcome of the course of the measure in
the Legislature.

Besides that it would swell the fund
of the Department of Charities by $200,000,
as soon as the Corporation Counsel had
recovered five times the amount from the
winner and five times the amount from
the loser in civil suits under that famous
Bection $41 of the Penal Code

 

Nearly @28,000 for Policemen's Fanitties.

The performances held at the Astor,
Montauk and other theatres tor the benefit
of the farnilies of Policemen Alfred A.
felleck and George M. Sechler, who were

ehot and killea a month ago by Salvatore |

Governale, whom they were trying to ar-
rest In Washington Square Park, Yeited
$22,716.60. Intpector Richard Walsh, who
had charge of the fund. placed the uwoney

esterdey ir trust for each of the Lene-
Relarien ~Thie ia. Ue Jerger. eum ever
eollected for any euch purpose,

for ht

    

MARRIED THE GARDENER.

Widow of Benjamin Douglass Takes
Recend Step in Matrimony.

Los ANGELES, May 16.—Santa Barbara
was surprised yesterday by the announce-
ment of the wedding of Louisa Douglass
and William Pester, a gardener. About
ten yeara ago Mrs, Douglass was employed
in the residence of Benjamin Douglass, one
of the founders of the R. G. Dun Commercial
Agency. She became his third wife when
he was of a great age. After the wedding
the coachman, Donald Connell, sued Mrs.
Douglass for breach of promise. The case
was settled after long litigation.

Upon the death of Benjamin Douglass
the widow was left well to do, With part
of her money she buiit a row of fine houses
in the fashionable part of Santa Barbara,
from which she derives a handsome rental.
About a year ago Mrs, Christian Herter
of New York came to Santa Barbara and
built a house adjoining Mra. Douglass's.
Pester, who formerly was a fruit pediler,
was installed on the Herter estate as gar-
dener. It was thus that he made the
widow's acquaintance.

DIED OF FALL FROM BED,

Architect Cut by a Broken Cuspidor and
Lay Bleeding to Death.
Alonzo B. Jones, a retired architect
and member of the New York Yacht Club,
died Jast night in Bellevue Hospital of
injuries he received in a fall from his bed
‘at his home, 140 East Twenty-seventh
street, where be had bachelor apartments.
|

le nde iene cae a latest ieee

 

 

When Dr. W. 0. Moore, who lives in the
house, went home early yesterday morn-
ing he saw a light burning in the architect's
room, He opened the door and found
Mr. Jones lying unconscious beside his

| bed. He had fallen upon a china cuspidor
and broken it, gashing his thigh badly,
and had lain there bleeding to death. Dr.
Moore had him sent to Bellevue at once.

Mr. Jones came here from Philadelphia
back in the ‘80s. He had an office at
11 East Fifty-ninth street when he retired
several years ago. He was & yachting
enthusiast and was 60 years old.

 

Helps Ont tn Lord Curzon's Endeavor te
Secure 61,250,000 for Oxford University.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, May 16.—Lord Curzon, chan-
cellor of Oxford University, presided to-day
at a big meeting of well known men called
to consider a scheme for raising a fund for
the university in accordance with the ap-
peal issued by Lord Curzon on May 1, in
which he asked for $1,250,000. It was an-
nounced that $235,000 had already been given
or promised, including $50,000 from William
Waldorf Astor.

A committee was appointed to administer
the fund.

STROMBOLI NOT DANGEROUS.

Pref. Ricca Says People of the Netghbor-
hood Needn't Fear Velcane's Eruption.

 

 

Spectal Cadle Despatch to TRE Sun.

Rome, May 16.—Prof. Ricca, director of
the Catania observatory, thinks that even
if the eruption of Stromboli continues to
increase the inhabitants of the neighbor-
hood are safe because the crest of the moun-
tain is rising above the crater and prevents
the erupted matter from falling upon the
inhabited part of the island. Moreover,
the accumulation of lava from former
eruptions forms a sort of dyke, leading the
new lava down the incline towards the sea.

Prof. Ricca, however, fears earthquakes.
He is convinced that Stromboli is not con-
nected with other volcanoes in southern

Italy.

 

BOB DAVIS WANTS HIS BOOKS

So That He Can Collect His Bets, bat He
Doesn't Get Them.

Bob Davis, who is in Eurgpe, and J. Parke
Robinson, who is in’ Canada, would like
to have a record of the persons who lost
money to them just before the District
Attorney's office closed up their poolroom
syndicate headquarters in Nassau street.

The books of the concern are now in
the possession of the District Attorney
and the ledgers show that there is some-
thing like $120,000 owing to the syndicate.
The bets were made and lost in the period
just before the syndicate headquarters
was closed up. According to the District
Attorney's office, the debts are all good
and collectible, if the names of the losers
count for anything.

Lawyer Dan O'Reilly, who represents
the gamblers, now under indictment but
out of the jurisdi@tion, called on Assistant
District Attorney Vandiver yesterday and
asked to be allowed to make a copy of the
ledgers with these losing bets. At the same
time Mr. O'Reilly asked to be allowed to
make copies of the checks the raiders found
at the headquarters or obtained by sub-
poena aster the raid.

Mr. Jerome declined to oblige the gentle-
man. 4

COAL SCARCE AT STATE CAPITOL,

 

 

 

lation#®

ALBANY, May 16—The strike of the coal
handlers 6f Albany may

Farpar, Mar 17, 1007.
Fair to-day; fair end warmer to-morrow;
west to southwest winds,

|

|

 

a
.

PRICE TWO @BNTS.
ORCHARD READY TO TESTIFY,

IN FINE CONDITION, MENTALLY
AND PHYSICALLY.

   
 

 

 

Has Hadi No Promise of Lenity and Has
Been Subjected to No Pressure —Ex«
pects to Be Tried for His Life After
Meyer, Haywood and Pettibone.

Bose, Idaho, May-16.—Harry Orchard,
who is expected to be the State’s principal
witness against Haywood, Moyer and
Pettibone in the Steunenberg trials, wad
interviewed to-day by Tue Stn corres
pondent. :

Orchard, it is supposed, will testify that
he himself planted the bomb that took the
life of ex-Gov. Frank Steunenberg, that
Haywood and Moyer plotted the essassina+
tion and that Pettibone invented the bomb,

Since Orchard wae firet arrested na
reporter has seen him until to-day. He had
been confined in the State penitentiary, at
the base of the foothills two miles out of
Boise, and every precaution has been taken
to prevent the possibility of any harm comé
ing to him. ;

In the long interval since December 20,
1905, various reports touching the prisoner'd
condition have been circulated and some
of them have found their way into print.
It has been said that his health was poo
and his strength failing. One report had
that his mind was giving way to suoh
extent that it was doubtful if he would
able to take the witness stand.

It was with the object of sifting these
reports that the interview was sought. i

Orchard was seen in &n anteroom ate
tached to the offices of Warden Whitney.
He was brought into the room by Keeper
Robbins, an old timer, who came to Idaha
from Maine long before Idaho was Idaho
atall, Robbins at once retired, but Warden
Whitney remained in the room. ]
No limitation was placed upon the ques
tions that should be asked Orchard except
questions relating to the Steunenberg trials
that would be manifestly improper.

Harry Orchard is a plump, pleasant faced
man of perhaps 45 years. He wore a quiet
eack suit and a dark tie. Everything about
him was spotlessly clean and his face was ag
fresh and as rosy as that of a lass. He was
quiet and self-possessed during the inter-
view, which lasted half an hour.

If there is anything certain itis that Harry
Orchard is in perfect phygical and mental
health, that he knows what he is about, that
he has made up his mind to a certain result
and he will pursue it to the end, cost what it
may. He is not an educated man and his
grammar is not always perfect, but his man-
ners are pleasant and gentle and he gives
the impression of perfect sincerity, That
the quality of his mind is by no means com?
mon is shown by the fact that on sev
occasions he politely declined to answer
questions on the ground that they might
havea definite, if remote, bearing on the case
in which he is to testify.

There is another quality of the man that
stands out perhaps most distinctly of all
after you have left his presence. There is&@
certain fundamental poise of demeanor, an
unmistakable serenity of mind. The blue
eycs never waver; they fairly shine. De-
spite the man's record, there is a spiritual
quality about his fave. This coupled with
things that he eaid led to the conclusion that
the man is possessed of religious fervor and
ambition to square his accounts with life,
so far as he can, before he takes leave of it
Orchard said he was glad to see his visi-
tor. “I never have seen any newspaper
men since J 26 arrested,” he said. Several
have asked to see me, but | didn’t have any-
thing to say to them and I didn't want too
much publicity. ft is of my own will thas
I am seeing you.”

“Ie there any general statement you
would like to make to the public?” he waa
asked,

“No,” he replied, “I don't know as I have
anything special to say except that I have
not any fault to find with the way I have
been treated. From the time I was arrestey
everybady has treated me well I could
not have been jreated better under the
circumstances. Everything thac I wanted
I have had,if it was reasonable, and every-
body has been kind to me,”

Orchard went on to say that he had @
light room and that he got all the exercise
he wanted, cither there or in the prison
yard, just as he pleased. He said he did
a good deal of walking and never felt better
in his life

“I don't have much to do with the other
prisoners,” he said. “It ain't because I
think I'm any better than they are. I talk
to some of them a little. You know @ man
takes a notion to some people and he don't

' to others. But 1 haven't had much to do

| ' with any of them.
Strike at Albany May interfere With Legise |

1 felt that I ought to
be pretty careful and some of them wanted

; to know too much.”

interfere with |

the work of the Legislature, because unless ,
the State Department of Public Buildings |

ia able to secure an additional supply of

to c'ose down the elevators and the Cupitul
lighting plant. Information was brought
to Gov. Hughes this afternoon that the
State's coal] eupply was nearly exhausted.

A meeting of the trustees of public bnild-
ings was culled and Deputy Superintendent
of Public Buildings Holt attended and ex-
plained thet the threatened trouble came
| about through the inability of théecontractor
to make celiveries on his contracts to sup-
| ply the Capitol boiler house owing to a
strike of the coal handlers for increased
wages and shorter hours, which has caused
a suspension of business in all the coal
yards in thie city.

The trustees decided to send for the
contractor and the pfficers of the Coal
Handlers’ Union to-morrow morning at
11 o'clock to discuss arrangements for
keeping the State supplied regardless of
the etrike. 7

INDIANS WANT 70 HEAR TAFT,

 

Sioux and Chippewas invite Him to Address
Big Peace Powwow.

Sr, Patt, May 16.—The Sioux and Chip-
pewa Indians of the White Earth reserva-
tion are preparing for a big peace pow-
wow June 14 and 15, Having heard that
Big White Chief Taft is to be in Minnesota
about that time, they are trying to arrange
to have the Seoretary visit the reservation
und make an address,

Senators Nelson and Clapp are to deliver
addrcases at the powwow,

ee

ee

 

After all. USHER'S the Scote:
thet made the bighball famous —Adp.

 

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
“Ite purity bes made tt vecatt hand

‘ >

‘

coal by next Monday it may be necessary i

SD om

 

“Do you read much?” Orchard was asked,
“Oh, yes,” he said, “I read a good deal.
{'m allowed to read the newspapers, but I
read books mostly. I've been reading a

'' good deal of ecclesiastical history sinoe

I've been shut up here, I've read Ruland
and a history of the Reformation and a
history of England, too. And I've read
the lives of John Wesley and Whitfield.”

Some surprise was expressed at the char-
acter of the prisoner's reading. He smiled
gently and with a look of exaltation re-
plied:

“Well, it’s like a man who has done a lot
of evil. He can't undo all the bad thinga
he's done, but he can try to clear things
up the best way he can. I used to read #
lot of the other kinds of books, novels
and so on, but I don't read that trash any
more. 1 read the other kind. That's
how it is. It's like a boy who has always
told lies to his father who makes up his
mind now he will tell the truth. That's
about the best way I can explain it.”

One of the things Orchard wouldn'c
talk about was his views of churches. He
smiled gently, however, and apologized
for not answering.

He had never been further East in the
United States than Michigan, he said.

The prisoner was much interested in the
Thaw case. He said that he had read alj
about it in the newepapers and he wanted
to know whether Mr. Jerome or Mr. Delmas
had the better of their various encounters
in the cour. room. THE SUN borrespondent
told him afew things about the trial, where-
upon he said; “I rather thought Mr. Dej-
mas had the best of it, the first few dayr
anyhow.” He expressed no opinion ar to
the merits of the case, but wanted to know
whether THE Sun correspondent had exe
pected there would be a bung jury.

The last and possibly the my tet