VOL. LXVII.—NO. 3

 

SEYMOUR RETREATING

His Little Force Is Ten Miles From
Tien-Tsin and Hard Pressed,

MINISTERS MAY BE WITH HIM

»
-

Few of Seymours Men Killed, but
Many Are Sick or Wounded,

 

LITTLE DAMAGE AT TIEN-TSIN

A Messenger Brings News From the
Besieged City.

 

Major Waller With the American Marines
Leads the Relief Colamn — Commander
Wise Pat in Charge at Taka—Ramor That
a Chinese Army Is Gathering to Attempt
to Recapture the Forts—Chinese Minister
in Paris Gets News That the Pekin Lega-
tions Are Safe, but His Despatch Is Un-
dated —French Missionaries Mardered—Fear
Now Entertained of an Oatbreak at
Canton — Boxers Threaten New Chwang.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
From THR SUN'S Correspondent at Chefoo,
CueFoo, June 26,—The Chinese merchant
steamer Tang-Chow has arrived here from
Taku. At4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
she reports Admiral Seymour was within
ten miles of Tien-Tsin and was retreating to
that city. He was badly hampered by the sick
and wounded he was carrying with him,
As soon as the news reached Tien-Tsin a
force of the allied troops was despatched to
the Admiral's assistance.
Lonpon, June 26.—A despatch to the Central
News from Chefoo, dated Tuesday, says that
the steamer Tung-Chow brings news from Taku
to5o'clock yesterday to the effect that it is
officially stated that communication has been
established with Admiral Seymour, who was
within nine miles of Tien-Tsin. He was being
hard pressed by the Chinese. and was much
hampered by his sick and wounded, A few of
his force had been killed.
Troops are being rapidly forwarded from
Taku. It is estimated that there are 10,000
troops between Taku and Tien-Tsin. Most of
these are Japanese, who continue to pour in.
Mr. Watson, a Taku pilot, bas forced his
way through the Chinese lines from Tien-
Tsin, which place he left after dark. He
reached Taku early Sunday morning,
after travelling on horseback and on foot.
After breaking through the © besiegers
he worked southward in order to avoid the
railway. He says that the reports that have
been sent out of the condition of affairs at Tien-
Tsin are exaggerated, There were but few
casualties caused by the bombardment and
only small damage to property.
The people were naturally anxious, but ine
tended to make a sortie Sunday. The general
impression in Taku and Chefoo is that Pekin

can now be easily relieved. It is impossible to

obtain any idea of the Chinese casualties, The
allied forces worked together admirably.

LONDON, June 27,— Beyond Admiral Kem pff's
despatch announcing the relief of Tien-Tsin
andthe departure of a force toward Pekin to
relieve Admiral Seymour and the foreign Min-
isters there is little official information, The
fact that none of the other commanders or
Consuls has transmitted the news of the town's
relief is commented upon as being strange

The unofficial reports are meagre and they
are notinaccord, Thestrength of the reliev-
ing force is variously rumored to have been
2,000 and 9,000, and while the latest report
ascribes the success to Major Waller of the
American marines the earlier stories name
@thers as the commanding officer.

Among the most recent Shanghai reports is
one to the effect that the bodies of massacred
men and women of every European nationality
as well as Americans and Japanese are lying in
the streets of Tien-Tsin.

Anundated despatch to the Central News
from Taku, sent by way of Chefoo to-day, says
thatthe force which relieved Tien-Tsin con-
sisted of 2,000 men commanded by Major
Waller of the American marines. The
Chinese guns were silenced by the ar-
tillery of the relieving force, who
then advanced upon the town. ‘he British
and Americans were the first to enter and they
were followed by the rest of the force. The
Russians lost four killed and thirty wounded,
The other nationalities suffered trifling loss,
The naval commanders have appointed Com-
mander Wise of the American gunboat Mona-
cacy commandant at Tong-Ku. He will super-
intend the despatching of supply trains to the
front

A despatch from Shanghai of yesterday's
date said that the force then proceeding to
Tien-Tsin numbered 8,000, The majority of
these were Japanese, The force also included
2,000 British and 1,200 Germans, Gen. Fuku-
shima was in command. The despatch also
saysit is reported in Shanghai that the Rus-
sians lost 120 killed and 300 wounded when they
were repulsed on the road to Tien-Tsin,

The latest rumor in reference to the ambus-
cading of the Russians and Americans last week
asserts that they abandoned several fleld guns
and much ammunition.

All the statements regarding Admiral Sey-
mour have the most shadowy basis. Those
which describe himas being surrounded differ
as to whether he is near Pekin or Tien-Tsin.

In the House of Commons to-day the Hon,
Willlam St. John Brodrick, Under Secretary to
the Foreign OMlee, said:

“Statements have reached us from various
Chinese sources to the effect that the legations
were unharmed as late as June 20. We earn-
estly trust these are correct, but we have no
offic.al confirmation.”

Chine e concealed on the banks of the Pei-Ho
are constantly sniping and the German gunboat

 

 

 

Over the Alleghentes Laxarioasty,

Via the Pennsylvania Limited, the great time anit
Bilatog, Club, home. office combined, with speed.—
°.

Atware Une Platt’s Chlorides
fet houseboid disinfection. You will like it—Ads

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Titis and a Russian torpedo boat destroyer are
consequently patrolling the river and using
their machine guns, ‘

Rumors recur that an Imperial order has been
issued for the Chinese troops to retake the
Taku forts and that troops are assembling in
the neighborhood for that purpose.

Two French missionaries and 100 converts are
said to have been murdered in the southern
part of the Province of Pechili.

It is rumored that 5,000 Russian troops are ad-
vancing from Moukden,

A despatch to the Times from Shanghai says
that a native paper publi<hes a sensational
statement that the reactionary leader, Keng-Yi,
who in 1899 made a tour of the Yang-tse Kiang
Provinces by order of the Ernpress, has arrived
at Naking overland,

BERLIN, June 26.—The German Consul at
Chefoo reports that Admiral Seymour Is said to
be at a point twelve and a half miles from Tien-
Tsin. The various foreign Ministers are raid
to be with him. The party is hard pressed by
Boxers and Chinese soldiers, The Consul also
sends confirmation of the relief of Tien-Tsin on
June 28.

The German Governor at Klaochau tele-
graphs under date of June 25 that he has been
informed through Chinese sources that Ad-
miral Seymour has reached Pekin,

Panis, June 26—-The Chinese Minister has
communicated to Foreign Minister Delcassé a
telegram, which he received to-day, announc-
ingitha® the Europeans in Pekin were safe and
well when the message was despatched, but
the date is not indicated.

The Minister also informed M. Delcassé that
the French residents of Yunnan-Sen started
Sunday for Tonquin under a Chinese military
escort.

Brest, June 26.—The cruiser Admiral Charner
has sailed from this port for China.

Yokouama, June 26-The Government has
ordered the mobilization of an army division.

LONDON, June 26.—A Shanghai despatch says
the failure of the American gunboat Monocacy
to take partin the bombardment of the Taku
forts has excited comment in naval circles there
and at Taku.

It is reported that Great Britain has assured
the Chinese authorities that it will not land
men in the Yangtse-Kiang Valley except to as-
sist them In quelling disturbances

The Chinese Merchants’ Company has de-
cided to place its fleet under the British flag.

Panis, June 26.—The cruisers Vanban and
Curavane and the transport Dordoene sailed
from Saigon, French Cochin China, for Taku on
Sunday last. The Bengali (wooden despatch
boat) has sailed from Kwang Che Wan for the
same rendezvous

Mapnip, June 26.—The cruiser Emperador
Carlos V. is being fitted out expeditiously and
will soon start tor China.

Parts, June 26.-A Shanghai despatch says
that the report is current in the Consulates
there that Li Mung Chang has determined not
to go to Pekin, but will probably go to Shang
hai, which, pending the pacification of the
capital, has become the central news channel
for the Powers.

 

ALARM AT CANTON,

 

Foreigners Fear an Oatbreak There-Li Hang
Chang's Faith in Americans,
Special Cabdle Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 27.—It is expected that the
Chinese outbreaks will spread in the southern
provinces. Trouble is predicted from Nanking,
and the Telegraph's Canton correspondent
sends an alarmist despatch expressing fear of
scenes of bloodshed and anarchy only paral
leled by those of the Taiping rebellion, The
wealthy Chinese are hurriedly leaving Canton
and its neighborhood, taking their famillesand
valuables with them,

The presence of Li Hung Chang alone re-
strains the revolutionary element. If he goes
to Pekin his departure will be the signal for the
loosing of the Black Flags and Red Girdles,

Li Hung Chang, the correspondent says, trusts
the Americans in this crisis, saying that they
alone do territory, and
he places himself almost without reserve
in their hands, At an important conference on
Monday he reiterated that sentiment and added
that he was determined at all hazards to secure
the best results for China and for the mainte-
nance of the most friendly relations with the
United States and other foreign Powers.

The American gunboat Don Juan de Austria,
which has hitherto been the only warship at Can-
ton, has now been reénforced by the British
gunboat Redpole from Hong Kong. The resi-
dents continue their defence preparations. The
German colony asked for and obtained by tele-
graph Emperor William's permission to form a
volunteer force to assist the British authorities,
The Berlin correspondent of the Daily News
says that the Imperial authorities are reckoning
with the possibility of further reénforcements
for China becoming necessary. It is stated that
several thousand troops will be sent in the
event of emergencies.

It is regarded as abad sign that the telegraph
between Taku and Chefoo has not yet been re-
stored. Communication between the two
places is maintained by means of the German
cruiser Geflon, which, having to cover 200
miles each way, occupies atleast twenty-two
hours in making the voyage.

not want

 

WARSHIPS GUARDING CHEFOO,

 

Many Missionary Refugees There—Boxers Said
to Be Threatening New Chwang.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

CuEFoo, June25.—The anxtety arising from
the fear that the Chinese would attack this city
has been relieved by the arrival of the British
cruiser Terrible and two other warships. Two
forts, armed with Krupp «uns, command the
part of the town occupied by foreigners. This
quarter hitherto has been protected only by
the American gunboat Yorktown and her 250
men,

There are about one hundred and fifty
American and British missionaries here who
left their residences hastily. Consequently
they lack clothing and money, Fifty more are
expected from the mouth of the Hoang-Ho.

It isstated that Boxers are drilling in the
streets of New Chwang and that others are
approaching the city. The Chinese soldiers
there are reported to have sold their guns and
equipment to the Boxers

The storeship Humber, from Pei-Tai-Ho
brought thirty refugees. They say the place is
entirely unprotected

The Yorktown has now gone to Lung-Chow-
Foo to protect the missionaries there.

AN AGREEMENT WITH RUSSIA?

 

Report That the Powers Have Decided to Let
Her Settle the Chinese Trouble.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Pants, June 26.- According to the Figaro, the
agreement of the diplomatists over the Chinese
situation is complete and absolute, As evi-
dence of this it says that Russia has ree ived a
mandate from the Powers to intervene actively
to terminate the crisis.
Fourth of Jaly Tours

via New York Central at half rates to Nis®ara Falls,
Thousand Islands, St. Lawrence River Adirondack
Mountaius, Montreal, Quebec, ete. Tickets "ood from
three toten days. Particulirs and deserinptive pam

hlet from teket agents or address G. Li, Daniels, G.
b. A. New York —Ada

 

 

NEW YORK, WEDNESD

  

—-

 

 

CHAFFEE SENT TO CHINA.

ORDERED 10 TAKE COMMAND OF
THE AMERICAN TROOPS THERE.

 

He Will Have a Brigade to Start With, bat
Will Be Supplied With as Many Troops as
He Needs to Protect American Interests
-—Campaign May Last Through the Winter.

WASHINGTON, June 26.- Brig.-Gen, Adna R.
Chaffee has been selected to command the
military forces of the United States
in China, and bis orders direct him to pro-
ceed as rapidly as possible to Pekin, via
Nagasaki and Taku. On his arrival in the
Chinese capital he is to give adequate and con-
tinuous protection to the American Minister,
the American Legation and all American in-
terests. It is expected that the American forces
will remain in China for several months and
Gen. Chaffee’s plans, as disclosed to-day, make
provision for supplying them with clothing and
equipment for operations in China during the
winter,

Gen, Chaffee had a long conference to-day
with the President and the Secretary of State.
He was told by the President that he would have
all the assistance he might need to reach Pekin
and secure the safety of the Americans there,
No limit has been set upon the number of troops
under him. His command may be no more
then a brigade or it may be an expedition of
10,000 men, It is certain that the expedition
will at the start consist of about three regi-
ments, They will all be trained soldiers of the
Regular army

The instructions to Gen, Chaffee are that
he shall inform himself of the situation on his
arrival at Chefoo before proceeding to Taku,
and if he considers {it necessary to have a
larger foree than a brigade, reénforcements
will be sent to him at once from Manila,

While admitting that at least a brigade of
three regiments will be sent to China, the War
Departinent officials assert hat only the Ninth
Infantry and the Sixth Cavalry have already
been ordered thither. The Fourth Infantry,
the Twentieth Infantry and the Twenty-first
Infantry have all been suggested to the Depart-
ment as organizations from which to select the
additional regiment. The objection raised
against sending the Twentieth Infantry or the
Fourth Infantry is that they are doing police
duty in and around Manila, The Twenty-first
Infantry is part of a force holding a line out-
side of Manila, and could be spared better than
either of the other regiments.

The uncertainty as to the fitting out of the
expedition is best illustrated by the delay in
determining what shall be done with the horses
of the Sixth Cavalry. This regiment is to safl
next Monday on the transport Grant and fora
week past the War Department has been mak-
ing plans for its voyage to Manila. Now that
the regiment is to go to China, it is not known
what will be done with the horses, which will
be loaded on animal ships at San Francisco,
It was originally planned that they should
precede the regiment, as the Grant is faster
than the animal ships. Orders have now been
issued delaying their departure until it is decided
whether they shall go to Manila or to Chefoo,
If Gen. Chaffee decides to use the Sixth Cavalry
asacavalry regiment the horses will be sent to
China. It has been suggested to Gen. Chaffee
that the cavalry will be able to do the work of
three infantry regiments and he is very much
inclined to favor the use of the crack Sixth
Regiment in its regular formation. These
details were not brought to his attention until
his arrival at the War Department this morning
and must necessarily be decided in a very short
time, as he leaves Washington to-morrow
morning for San Francisco, where he will arrive
just in time to board the transport Grant on
Monday. He will be accompanied by his per-
sonal aide, Lieut. Roy B. Harper of the Seventh
Cavalry.

Immediately on arriving at the War Depart-
ment to-day Gen. Chafee asked Adjutant-Gen-
eral Corbin what preparations had been made for
the equipment and maintenance of the troops
to form the Chdna expecftion. He asked par-
ticwarly about ordnance supplies and ammu-
nition and proper clothing supplies, Gen, A.

R. Buffington, Chief of the Ordnance Bureau,
was sent for and was asked what he could do
to supply the expedition with ordnance and
ammunition. He was unable to explain in
detail on such short notes what could be done
and will make a report later to Gen. Chaffee.

e latter said this morning that it had not

bean determined what artillery or rapid-fire
would go with the expedition, This will
determined within the next twenty-four
hours. Gen, Chaffee then explained to Gen,
Corbin the necessity of a signal corps detach-
ment, Gen, Greely, Chief of the Signal Office,
was next brought into consultation. He ree-
ommended Capt. Russell, now at Manila, Gen.
Corbin immediately directed that a cablegram
be sent to Gen. MacArthur ordering him to send
with the Ninth Infantry on the transport Logan
@ detachment of Signal Corps men under Capt.
Russell, Another cable despatch was then
sent to Gen, MacArthur saying that by direction
of the President Gen, Chaffee had been ordered
to proceed to Chefoo, to take command of the
American military operations in China,

Gen, Chaffee's plans contemplate a campaien

that will last into the winter. He explained
to Gen, Corbin that it would be necessary to
send winter clothing to China for the troops,
as in November the weather is exceedingly
cold in the part of China in which the troops
will operate. He remarked that at Taku ver
sels were often frozen in the ice in Novem
Instructions were sent to Gen. MacArthur
several days ago to provide the Ninth Infantry
with everything needed and Gen, Chaffee has
been informed that the regimental quarter-
masters and commissaries of both the Ninth
Infantry and the Sixth Cavalry have been
amply supplied with money, The troops have
been thoroughly equipped and everything
necessary to a properly conducted capaigen
has been provided, Sypplies of clothing and
eguipenent for the fall will be sent Jater from
Manila by the Quartermaster’s Department,
It is expected that Gen, Chaffee will reaoh
Chefoo within the next thirty days, It is cal-
culated that the Grant will reach Nagasaki
in from elg@hteen to twenty days. It is more
than five or six days sail thence to Chefoo,

Gen, Adna R. Chaffee was born in Ohio on
April 14, 1843, and op July 22, 1861, when a
little more than 19, he entered the Regular
army 48 a private in Company K, Sixth Cav-
alry. In 1863 he was appointed a Second Lien-
tenant. He was brevetted three times for
gallant services in the Civil War, being twice
wounded, He afterward served in the Indian
troubles, receiving the brevet rank of Lieu-
tenant Colonel for leading a cavalry expedition
against the Red River Indians in Texas, In the
spanish war he was appointed Brigadier-
General of volunteers and took @ conspicuous
part in the Santingo campaign.

Gen. MacArthur cabled to the War Depart-
ment to-day as follows:

"Ninth Infantry sails June 27 thoroughly
equipped and well supplied with everything.”

 

REPORTS FROM ADMIRAL KEMPFF.

Rellef of Tien-Tsin and Peril of Seymour—Ap-
peal of Viceroys Rejected.

WASHINGTON, June 26.—News of the relief
of Tien-Tsin reached the Navy Department
late last night in a despatch from Rear Ad-
miral Kempff at Taku and was announced by
the Department this morning, But these
good tidings were coupled with advices of a
graver character, namely, that the relief
force under Vice-Admiral Seymour of the
British Navy, which includes 100 American
blue jackets and marines under Capt. Bowman
H. McCalla of the flagship Newark, was sur-
rounded ten miles from Tien-Tsin. The in-
ternational column that rellieved Tien-Tsin
has gone torescue this force, Admiral Kempff's
despatch follows

“CnEroo, June 25.—Relief force reached
Tien-Tsin June 23. Loss very small, Pekin
relief force which left Tien-Tsin June 10 re-

The Yale and Harvard Crews,

Mr. Chase Mellen, the expert oarsman, has written
for today's Issue of The Evening Posi, a eriiical re-
view of the work of the three crews of Yae and ltar
vard, giving his opinion, based upon personal obser
vation, of the probable winner of cach race. ~ Adv.

Cool. Comfortable. Charming. Trips by Hudson
River Day Line, Good music, Grand scongsy.—Ads,

AY, JUNE 27, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SU

 

 

  
   
  
 
   
 
  

Wat \

nang A 0 ay
ec este hye ee ooh —~ae2

eats Ohad

ported ten miles from Tien-Tsin, Force left
Tien-Tsin 24th to render assistance, KRMPFF.”

John Fowler, United States Consul at Chefoo,
sent this telegram to the State Department:

“Combined forces entered Tien-Tsin June
238.”

The other important news development of
the day was that Minister Wu Ting-fang had
presented to the United States Government
a formal appeal signed by Li Hung Chang and
the Viceroys of the other five great political
divisions of the Chinese Empire, asking that
no more American troops be landed on Chinese
territory. Mr. Wu was told by the Secretary
of State that the appeal would not be enter-
tained. The appeal was similar in its objeot
to that presented yesterday by somo of the
same Viceroys, but was in forma) language
and was evidently designed to impress the
Government that the six Viceroys were speaking
for the Government of China, As in the first
appeal, it was represented that the presence of
foreign troops served only to inflame the peo-
ple, that the Chinese Government could and
would restore order and protect foreign in-
terests, and that the Viceroys desired that no
American reenforcements be sent to their
country until Li Hung Chang had reached
Pekin and had had an opportunity of arrang-
ing for the suppression of the anti-foreign
uprising. The answer of Secretary Hay was
the same as that given yesterday, that the
Chinese Government appeared to be unable
or unwilling to suppress the disorders, that
American interests were threatened and that
the United States deemed it necessary to send
a sufficient force to protect the lives and prop-
erty of .its diplomatic and consular officers
and its private citizens in China, The appeal
of the six Viceroys was transmitted also to
the Chinese Ministers inEurope and Japan,

The news of Tien-Tsin's relief was very gratl-
fying to the Government, but the edge was taken
off this gratification by the report from Admiral
Kemp? that the Pekin relief column was sur-
rounded ten miles above Tien-Tsin. Of what
happened in Tien-Tsin during its investment
the Government knows noth ng, It has not @
line of news about Mr. Ragsdale, the United
States Consul, and the other Americans there.
The fear that they fared badly during the bom-
bardment of the city is general. | Adimiral
Kempf is not given to sending any details or
to furnishing information that may serve to
eomfort the relatives and friends of Americans
in the disturbed district which his despatches
cover. Even the list of American casualties in
the engagement of June 21, when the Chinese
ambushed a column of Russians and 130 Ameri-
can marines near Tien-Tsin, has not been re-
ceived trom him.

Admiral Keimpff’s despatch shows that the
international column was forced back forty-
five mil The distance from Tien-Tsin, whenoe
it started, to Pekin is eighty miles. On June
12, when last previously heard from, it) was
at Lang Fang, fifty-five miles from Tien-Tsin
and twenty-five rifles from Pekin. [ft was
then reported to be short of food and water
pewpyl 8 statement that it is now ten miles
rom Tien-T'sin makes the distance whieh it
retreated from Lang Fang forty-five miles,
The composition of the column which has cone
to its assistance is not known here Admiral
Kempff reported a few davs ago that it) con-
sisted of 2.000 men, but he did not say whether
any Americans were included init. It is sup-
posed here that the remainder of the force une
der Major Walter of the United States Marine
Corps, which was ambushed near Tien-Tsin,
is with the column. :
The Cabinet talked over the Chinese situa-
flon at a session lasting about an hour to-day,
but did not agree on any new policy. As one
Cabinet oficer said, the inforination in the
Bonseation of the Government is too meagre

) justify it in doing anything more than it has

  
 

 

gone. The Government was waiting, he said,
or news from Pekin. The character of this
pews would determine the future policy of the
Administration, As matters stood there was
nothing to do except wait for authentic advices
as to the fate of Minister Conger and other
Americans and as to whether the Chinese Gov-
ernment was a party to the attacks on for-
eigners
News of the departure of the flagship Brook-
pn from Cavite for Taku was expected all day
y the Navy Department. Admiral Remey
telegraphed that he would sail “immediately”
and that he was taking 9 marines on the Brook-
lyn. He telegraphed aleo that he had ordered
the gunboat Princeton to Swatow, Amoy and
Foochow, whence calls for protection have
come from the American Consuls and that she
would then go to Shanghai to have an electric
plant installed, but would “keep ready for im-
mediate service.’ Later he telegraphed that
the Princeton had sailed, but gave her de«tina-
thon as Canton, The gunboat Marietta, ordered
to hold herself in readiness for orders to China,
was directed by admiral Remey to resume her
station near Cebu.

 

TNE NINTH SAILS TO-DAY,

Embarks on the Transport Logan at Manila
for Taka,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
MANILA, June 26.—The Ninth Infantry Reg-
iment has embarked on the transport Logan,
which will sail to-morrow morning for Taku,
The men have been newly equipped with rifles
and clothing, and they made a splendid appear-
ance as they marched to the transport,

The cruiser Brooklyn, Admiral Remey’s flag-
ship, which is to goto Taku, will take 300
marines from Cavite. The Brooklyn will coal
at Nagasaki, Japan, before proceeding to her
destination. The gunboat Princeton will fol-
low her.

Gen. MacArthur has been confined to the
palace for three days with a slight fever,

 

SIXTN CAVALRY FOR CHINA,

Assembling at San Frasctsco and Will Sail on
the Transport Grant.

San Francisco, June 26—The United Stats

Ariny transport service will have the Grant

ready on or before July 1 for the transportation

of the Sixth United States Cavalry anda de-

tachment of marines from one of the Fastern

stations, now on the way to this citv. Several
aquaorons of the Sixth arrived this morning
alc yrocecded to the Presido There

is Httle doubt that thia command will be as-
signedto dutyin China) The Grant has been
ordered to stop at Nuwasaki and there will re-
ceive definite orders. The battalion of marines
{a said to be two days behind the cavalry, com-
ing throug!) as fast asa trainecan bring ther.
All of the cavalrymen believe that their des
tination is China.

 

EMPRESS'S FAVORITE DEAD.

Li Lien-¥i Left a Vast Fortune Acquired by
Fxto-ting Bribes.

News has just come from China by mail of
the death of Li Lien-Y1i, the Dowager Empress's
favorite eunuch. It is suspected that he was
poisoned, as his body was buried seventy-two
hours after death, altiough, according to usual

custom, 100 diys shoulda have elapsed before
burlal. Li Lien-Yi left a fortune of 98,000,000
taels, one-third in cash, obtained through bribes
and presents from princes of the [nyperial
House down to the official. of the seventh rank
desirous of places and power.

Miss Shockley, Missionary, Safe in Chefoo,

CINCINNATI, June 26 — A messace was received
at the Cinciinati branch of the Meth: dist
Woman's F reign Missionary Society to-day
telling of the safe arrival in Chefoo of anumb r
of missionaries, According to information re-
ceived the Rev. Dr. Brown, a tnissionary, who

made his escape from the Boxers, says that
thirteen missionines from Pekin and twelve
from Tien-Tsin arrived safely ot Chefoo. In the
party was Mi-s Mary F. Shockley, who was sent
to China by the Cineinuati bra neh of the society

Dallas Rough Riders Want to Serve in China,

DaLuas, Tex., June 26 —The Dallas Rough
Riders, through their Captain, O, Paget, to-day
telegraphed the Secretary of War at Washing-
ton, tendering their services for military duty
in Chin The Rough Riders are a fully
equipped and well-drilled cavalry company nd
regularly enlisted in the Texas State militia,
Most of the members did service in the Span-
ish-American War inthe First Texas Volunteer
ev ry, commanded oy the present Brisradier-
jeneral, Luther it. Hare,

Vale-Harvard Boat Race. Central Vermont
Rallway. New Observation Train,

Finest view of race; start to Soish, Tickets on sale,
353 Broadway, New York ~Ade

 

 

Long Island Reilroad,—The Summer schedule with
eee express trains will take eilect June 2¥th.—
~

—

   
 

DEFINITIONS FI

FIRST, OF HIS POSITION: HE'S FOR
THE PLATFORM-—ANY PLATFORM.

 

 

Secondly, of Imperialism: ‘The Fashion of
Shooting Everybody Who Doesn't Speak
English -The Ohief Goes To the Wigwam

and James Shevlin Calls on Him There, |

Richard Croker paid his first visit to Tam-
many Hall yesterday afternoon, after defining
the anti-imperialism issue, Mr. Croker’s visit
to Tammany Hall was expected. He went
there to see the district leaders as they called
to get their tickets for Kansas City. There
was a forinal meeting of the Executive Com-
mittea, although most of its members were
at the Hall ia the early afternoon, Mr. Croker
spent four hours there, talking with the leaders
and his friends. John F, Carroll was at the
hall, too, attending to his duties as deputy
leader, Mr. Croker was in excellent humor,
So was Mr. Carroll, So apparently were all
the leaders, There was a further decrease yes-
terday in the talk of discipiining Tammany men
for the part they have had in the affairs of the
loo ‘Trust. ‘The anti-Carroll talk particularly
subsided. ,

The Croker definition of anti-imperialism
came out at an interview which the ‘Tammany
chieftain had with several reporters 1p his
office at 111 Broadway one y in the day. The
reporters wanted Mr, Croker to make a positive
declaration of his attitude on the question of
iétol. Mr. Croker said positively that he would
not discuss the question at all. He paid that
he was ready to stand on the platform adopted
at Kansas City. xe

“This is my position,” Mr. Croker said. I
am ready to aceept the platform that the Demo-
crats at Kansas City adopt, no matter what
itis, | don't think that the currency question
will be very prominent in the campaign, any,
way, The main fight will be on trusts and
anti-imperialism. ‘lhe question about 16 to 1
{s Whether enough anti-imperialist votes woul
be gained ii the plank was dropped to make it
1 realize that the sentiment in this State

ay. 1
S against 16 to 1. Don't misunderstand me,
however. I'm ready to stand on the platform.

1 don't make the platform, The Democrats

do that. 1 am not going to tight for or against
the pank.
“What

do you mean by anti-imperialixm,
Mr. Croker?” was asked. ii
“My idea of anti-unperialism,” said Mr.
Croker promptly, “is opposition to the fashion
of shooting everybody who dovsn't speak
English.” .
“You had four Vice-Presidential possibilt-
ties in the club last night, Mr. Croker,” said @
reporter, “How are they all getting on’
“They're well,” said Mr Croker, “But there
are jots of Vice-Presidential candidates that
you don't know about, There are a whole lot
of them. I've heard of several you haven't
said anything about.”
“Tell us who they are,” said one of the re-
porters :
“Oh, Lean’t do that,” said Mr. Croker “That
wouldn't do, But there are a lot of them.”
Arnong the men whom Mr, Croker met at
Tammany Hall were Senator B. F, Martin
and James J. Martin, who were not in fall favor
three years ago. The greeting which they
received was particularly cordial, The paint-
ers are at work on Tammany fall giving anew
coat to the storm doors, which have not been
removed this summer, Decorators are also
sutting a big transparency over the entrance
Fo the hall on which the pictures of Col Bryan and
his running mate will be displayed, » This
was ordered by Mr. Croker, who was much
Mit out because no arrangement for it had
‘een made before he got here, President
Maurice F. Holahan of the Board of Public
Improvements, who is known as the champion
Tammany platform writer, and who helps run
the sneakers’ bureau in campaigns, declared
that he thought the Tammany spellbinders
would make most of their talks on anti-im-
perialism and anti-trust, and wouldn't whoop
up the silver question,
Among the callers on Mr. Croker was the
Hon. James Shevlin of Brooklyn, who is Hugh
MeLaughiin’s confidential lieutenant Mr.
Shevlin has been mentioned as a possible suc-
cessor to Frank Campbell as a member of the
Democratic National Committee. Mr. Croker's
friends are anxxious that Croker should repre»
sent this State on the National Committee and
he has not vet declined the honor. Mr. Shevlin
had a talk with Mr. Croker, After it was over
@report was spread that the subject discussed

by them was the difference of opinion in the
Police Board over the control of Brooklyn's
affuirs. Neither Mr. Shevlin nor Mr Croker

would talk about it,

Mr. Croker said that he didn’t know whether
he would see Col. Bryan before the convention
or not. He had no plans including @ visit to
Col. Bryan. He will probably go to Senator
Murphy's cottage at Lone Branch to-day

Another visitor at Tammany Hall yesterday
was Senator Louis Munzinger, who has been
one of John C. Sheehan's supporters in his flat
against the Croker forces in the Ninth, Sena-
tor Munzinger's term expires this year and
he wants to be renominated. He moved about
among the faithful yesterday

According to the schedule as it was made up
anew yesterday, there will be two Tammany
special trains to St. Louis, One of six seeps
ing ears will start from Jersey City over the
Pennsylvania Railroad at 10 o'clock on Sunday
morning, the boat leaving this side at 9:30
o'clock. On this train will go the braves from
the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth
Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth,
Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Sixte nth, Thirtieth,
Thirty-second and — Thirty -third = districts,
These inehide Col, Murphy's brigade, the
Divverites, the Sullivans, the Martin Engel
Association, Bridge, Commissioner Bogle's
people and many Tammany notables, Sena-
tor Bernard F. Martin will be in e¢ mmand of
the expedition, The other train with the al-
ternates will leave over the New York Cer tral
at 9 o elock in the morning, On this train the
Ninth and Seventeenth districts will have
each an entire car, Senator Plunkett will be
in charge of this lot. ;

In all about three hundred braves will go
The Tammany badge will be an American flag
of woven silk hung from an oxy dized silver
bar, with an oxydized silver medallion bears
ing Chief Tamenuna’s profile pendant, About
the edge of the pendant will be the inseription:
"Kansas (ty. Missonrt, July 4, 1900." On tlhe
bar will be the word “Tammany.”

Mr. Croker received a delegation of labor
leaders Just evening. They wanted to tal
with him about affairs in the Department o
Publie Buildings and Supplies, and were re-
ceived in the directors’ room up stairs, Com-
missioner Kearney was present,

 

 

 

MEXICO TO HAVE A NAVY.

Tugs to Be Purchased as a Starter and War-
ships to Be Built Later.

New Orveans, La, June 26.--Capt. Manuel
Aguela of the Mexican Navy, commanding the
Saragossa, has arrived here to purchase tugs
and other vessels of light draft, mainly for use
in the war against the Maya Indians of Yuoatan.
He sill go from here Fast t) arrange forthe
building of several men-of-v ar for the Mexican
Navy at Philadelphia or other places on the
Atlantic coast, Mexico havine decided t) con-
siderab y increase ts navy, Which has lereto-
fore been insignificant.

FOUND A $40,000 CERTIFIED CHECK,

 

 

 

Laborer Picked It Up in Wall Street and It
Was $25 in His Pocket.

A check for $40,000, drawn by the New York
Stock Exchange firm of W. L. Stow & Co upon
the Continental National Bank to the order of

the Corn Exchang> Bank, and certified by the
Continental Bank, lay in the gutter at the cor-
nerof Wal and Nassan streets for a while on
Monday. It had been drops ed by a messenger
of the brokerage firm a ment on it wes
stopped. A laborer peked uw he check and
brought {t vesterday to the office of W.L. Stow
& Co., who gave him $25 for his trouble.

 

Negro Lynched in Florida,

O'BRIEN. Fla., June 26.—Jack Thomas, a
negro, vesterday attempted an assault on Mrs
Keene, a widow, living six miles from Branford

Searching parties were organised and the
negro was ‘ound by Sheriff Sanborn, While on
the way to Live Onk, and within a f>w miles of
that city, the Sheriff was overpowered iva
moh, who compelled him to hand over the
prisoner. ‘The negro made a full con ession
and was hanged toa tree and riddled with
bullets,

Women Can't Practise Law tn Tennessce,

Brows svi.e, Tenn., June 26. The Supreme
Court of Tennessee to-day decided by a vote of
8 to 2 that_women ennnot practie law in
Te nea ee. The d-oeision grew out of ametion
ip bel alf of Marian Griffin, a well-qualified ana
enrolled attorney of Memphis

Kansas City and Return, 024.75.
Magnifie ntservice via Lackawanna R. R. and direct
eonnections. Tic 6. god goivg July 1, 2,3. Return
itrnlt, July 9, Dining cars Sleepers. Quick time,—
Adr. :

The fast Steamer Richard Peek will attend the Boat
Races at Poughkcepsic, June 300k, See Adv.—aAda

 

0M CROKER, | "o™4*

| corner, apparently

|

De ae [
<roareaasasnssiemmnatemnatgmnentamemamtantninii ce sg ENE CL TL TLL LE LL LE ALL TLL A LALA A

USES A THUG'S WEAPON.

 

Mre. Dodds Assaults Miss Fleming With Lead
Pipe Wrapped in a Paper.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 26.~—While Patrolman
Morgan, dressed in citiven’s clothes, was stand-
ing at the corner of Washington and Illinois
streeta at noon, he saw a well-dressed woman
approach another who was standing on the
waiting for a car, The
later arrival carried what appeared to be a

 

— LS -

N PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

}
|

roll of paper in her hand, and just as she reached |

the young wornan on the corner she spoke to
her in a low tone and then struck her three
or four blows upon the head, The young

woman screamed when the first blow fell, but
sank to the ground unconscious under the suc-
cessive blows.

The patrolman caught the assailant and was

surprised to find that what he supposed to be |

a harmless roll of paper was a heavy piece of
gas pipe rolled up in letter - ver. ‘The woman
roved to be Mrs, Mary Dodds, who lives at
he Windsor Hotel, and the victim of the as-
aault was Miss Addie Fleming.

Miss Fleming was carried into a hotel near
by, where she soon recovered Cconsciolsness.
She declared she did not know the woman who
ssaulted her, nor had she ever seen her
ore, Mrs, Dodds said at the police, station
that Miss Fleming had alienated the affections
of her husband and caused hin to leave her.
Miss Fleming savs she never saw Dodds or
even knew that such a person existed,

 

 

HER PICTURE ON FLOUR PACKAGES,

 

So Miss Abigail Roberson Has Brought Salt
for 615,000 Damages.

RocuEsTeER, June 26.—Miss Abigail Roberson
has brought suit against the Rochester Folding
Box Company and the Franklin Mills Company
of Lockport, for $15,000 damages alleging that
her p. re was used as an advertisement by
the two concerns. The defendants have de-
murred to the complaint and a decision is ex-
pected from Justice Davy of the Supreme
Court.

How the defendants got hold of her portrait
Miss Roberson cannot say, She discovered
the picture when one of the neighbors bought
a package of flour, She consulted a lawyer who
told her that she could bring suit for damages

for violation of her “right of privacy,” and that
is the ground on which the action Is based.
She also asks an injunction restraining the
defendants from making use of her picture.
During the argument Justice Davy said:

“It is true that your face or a photograph of
it is your own property, and must be protected,
f the picture tended to bring ridicule on the

dy, then it would be termed libellous, but
would a picture of this kind, lovely as it is, be
libellous? The question is, have they @ right
to etrculate this picture. The question of
Con 26 it seems to ine, has very little to do
with it,”

 

 

ROBBED OF STOCKS IN A STREET CAR.

Chicago Man Loses $55,000 Worth of Papers
He Was Taking to a Safe Place.

Cnicaco, June 26.—H. K. Duffield of 4557
Evans avenue, a Board of Trade dealer, was
robbed of bonds, mining stocks and deeds
valued at $55,000 while riding on a Cottage
Grove avenue cable car this morning. The
robbery was the work of pickpockets. Mr.
Duffield does not know the exact time or place
at which it occurred, and he is sure the valuable
papers could not have fallen from his pocket,
He says he was on his way from his home to @

bank, where he intended to deposit the papers
and had gone pearly half the distance down
town when he thought of his precious packag
and felt in his pocket for it. He found it ha
disappeared and a search of the floor and the
seat of the car failed to reveal it, He hurriec
to the Hyde Park police station and reported
his loss.
Mr. Duffield until recently was the proprietor
of the Grand Union Hotel, 148-150 Dearborn
street. From the sale of this property and
from speculation in the recent wheat beles 0
the Board of Trade he had amassed some prop-
erty, part of it being in bonds and stocks, He
kept his possessions at his home fora tune, but
finully decided to deposit them in a bank.

BURGLAR IN A NOVEL TRAP.

 

 

Gets Wedged Between Two Houses and Fire
Department Has to Chop Him Out,

CHICAGO, June 26.-- William Vincent, burglar,
became wedged between two houses early this
morning in trying to escape arrest. The Fire
Department had togoand chop a hole in theside
of one of the houses to release him, Vincent was

surprised in the house of Joseph Rapera. He
hadalot of clothing and other articles in his
arms when Ray era awoke and tried to capture
him. Vineent atepr edthrough a window to the
ledge of the window opposite. Through this
house he ran toa window leading to the next

ouse. In his hurry to get into the latter house

e slipped andfell toward the ground, The
space was too narrow to allow him to go far
and he became a prisoner.

 

STEAMER MAREOTIS WRECKED.

Crew Saved, but Were in Danger From Broken-
Up Cargo of Lamber.

St, Jonn’s, N.P., June 26.—The steamer Mare
otis, from Quebee for Liverpool witb a cargo of
lumber, ran ashore this morning at Coderoy
Island in the Gulf of St. Lawrence ina dense
fog. Shelsleaking badly and will probably be
@ total loss,

No lives were lost, but the crew narrowly es-
caped as the deck load of deals went to pieces
when the ship struck and several men were
nore or Jess injured. The ship's deck gear was
dismantled and t\o boats sinashed. ‘The re-
mainving | oats were in danger of being stove b
the floating deals in th» surf, but got throug
safely ’ i

British and French warships are proceeding
to the wreck to assist where possible

KILLS HER OWN SON.

Mrs Myra Conkling Attempts Suicide as Well
as Mard'r.

CHicaGo, June 26.--Myra Conkl ng, a widow
Hving at 508 Belden avenue, took the life of her
nine-year-old son, John, at their home to-day
and then attempted her own life, Gas was used
by the woman, After stopping up all the
crevices and cracks in doors and windows of
the room in which her boy -lept she lay down
ou the bed near him to die. Belore the gas had
overcome her, neighbors found her. She was
taken into the air and « fforts were made revive
her. A letter wes found on the table near the
bed. She asked ito be burned in the Potter's
Field, but requested @ cemevery burial for the
child,

One East River Bridge Tower Completed,

The steel tower on the Manhattan side of the
new East River Bridge has been finished to its
full Leight of 320 feet above high water mark.
The Williamsburg tower is nearly completed
Arrangements are under way for staring the
girder work, These girders will support the
steel saddles for the cables, and they will be
placed across the top of the towers and forma
continuous steel oor one ineh in thickness, 25
feet in width and 34 feet in length. The weight
of the girder work on each tower will be 200
tons and it wil! pro: ably be completed by Aug
1. The contractors for the eable work wil bes
gin operations as soon as the steel towers have
all the girders in piace.

 

Stamford Feels Two Earthquake Shocks,

STAMPVORD, (onn., June 26. ‘Two sl] ght earth-
quake shocks were felt in ths town and neigh-
borhood to-day The first was about 19 o'clock
this morning and lasted several seconds At 2
o'clock this afternoon the shock was distinet
and lasted upward of thirty seconds with a
slieht break In broek buildings it was very
noticeable n residences dishes were rattled,
Out on tae Sound the shocks were also felt
815,000,000 ta Gold Shipped From Here to

Vhiladelphia’s Mint,

PHILADELPHIA, June 26.—The largest single
shipment of gold that has ever been received at
the Philade!phia mint reached here this after-

noon from the New York Assay OMe It ia
valued at $15,000,000, and will be at once coined
The metal wa packed in boxe: two feet long,
six inches deep anu eight inches \ ide

Headquarters for Prescription Work,

Largest shop in city on pre mises,
Spencer Optical Mfg. Co, 19 Maiden Lane, N.Y.

Ade

Rapid Travelling.

Pennsylvania Rallroid&) all the principal clues of
the middle West.~Ade, ? '

| dodge ty

Showers to-day and to-morrow.

a
PRICE TWO CENTS.
FIRST GUN IN NEW YORK,

REPUBLICANS OPEN THE CAMPAIGN
WITH A RUSH,

 

 

Foraker, Depew and Low Address a Great
Assemblage Gathered in Carnegie Hall te
Ratify the Nomination of McKinley and
Roosevelt—Every Mention of the Caadk
dates Brings Out a Storm of Wild Cheering
~ Senator Foraker Evokes Great Enthasiasn
Depew and Low Amuse the Crowd With
Allusions to Democrats and the Ice Treste

Standing squarely upon the platform that
the Republican party adopted in Philadelphia
the Republicans of this city sounded the opene
ina challenge for the national campaign at
Carnegie Hall last night. Lt was the challenge
direct to the Democratic party and it meant
that there would be no dodging or evasion
of issues on the part of the jullowers of William
McKinley and Theodore Rooseyels. American
expansion, the upholding of the honor of the
flag wherever raised, honest money and prose
perity were the battle cries and the audience
that filled the big auditorium responded to each
and all of them with tremendous enthusiasm.
It meant that the Republicans of New York
are going into the fight as they went into the
fight four years ago and with the added vira
of greater interests and wider issues, The
Junior Senators from the two States that are
represented on the national ticket were the
orators of the occasion and each of them care
ried the meeting with him. It is long sinee 80

stirring an effort of oratory as that of Senator
Foraker has been heard in this city.

FITTING OPENING TO THE CAMPAION,

Some of the pessimists who came early to
the hall—the pessimistic seem always to be the
early comers--said down-heartedly that the heat
was going to keep the people away: that it
wasn't reasonable to expect a big crowd under
such adverse circumstances and that the meet
ing wouldn't be a fitting opening to the cams
paign. And while they were looking around to
find proof of it every entrance was pouring in
its crowd of Republicans who rushed to the front
and filled up the good seats and then those
that weren't so good, and then proceeded to
flow uphill into the galleries, At} the sama
time the platform began to fill up, many of thosa
who occupied stage seats being ladies. There
were many ladies in the auditorium, too, pare
ticularly in the boxes and the house presented a
brilliant appearance.

Never has Carnegie Hall shown to better ade
vantage in the matter of decorationa, From
floor to roof the galleries and walls were re-
splendent with the red white and blue of the
Stars and Stripes The flag, in pairs so draped
as to form half circles, alternated with smaller
flacs clustered around the national coat-of
arms on the two lower galleries.

This effect was diversified on the two upper
galleries by a display of the simple tricolor,
From the end of the second gallery a big flag
extended along the wall to the edge of the stage
and joined another flag which joined a third
and so on around the full curve of the stage wall,
In the centre at the back was the coat of arms
in silk, to the left of which, as the audience faced,
was a crayon of President McKinley, while on
the right was a crayon of the same size of Gov,
Roosevelt, Each of these pictures was sure
mounted by the national insignia in wilt. Just
above the centre of the stage swayed a fluted
globe of red, white and blue. supporting a dircle
of flags and radiating pennons of stars and
stripes, The speaker's stand was simply draped
in a single flag.

BUTTON MAN BOLD OUT IN A JIFFY,

An enterprising envoy of Bein, the buttonman,
was early on hand with a stock of buttons,
showing the pictures of the two candidates
surmounted by the national colors. Trade
followed the flag and followed it so fast that
the vendor was soon perspiring to the utter
destruction of his collar in his efforts to supply
all the demand. Among the women who came
early with the determination to secure good
seats, these insignia seemed to be especially
popular. He was a sorry escort who did not
secure a badge to give brilliance to the garb
of his fair companion, Some of the men, im-
pressed by the size of the badges, made them
fast to the ends of their canes to the end that
they might have something appropriate te
wave at the proper time. Over against the
west wall leaned the big red banner with its
white letters, informing all and sundry that
the Annexed District Republican Club was on
hand,

SOME OF THOSE IN THE HALL.

Among those prevent were Col. Reuben Fox,
John P. Windolph. George R. Bidwell, Silas EB
Croft Miss Helen Varick Boswell, George Hil-
Hard, John Reisenweber, Jacob Hess, Cornelius
Van Cott, Gherardi Davis, John McCullagh,
Frank H. Platt, Mrs. Kendall, Elisha K, Camp,
John Sabine Smith. George R, Manchester, J. J,
Mekvilly, L. L. Van Allen, Nicholas Murray
Butler, George C, Austin. Abraham Gruber,
Edward Lauterbach. Jastrom Alexander, Smith
Pine Mr. and Mrs. Lemuel . Quigg, 11. C. Duval,
Charles K, Lexow and Frederick R. Simpson

Up in a corner of the top gallery was sta
tioned a band which earned its bread in the
eweat of its brow. Before it was time for the
proceedings to bein it started out with Sousa
and switched into “Dixie” and “Columbia the
Gem of the Ocean,” and the audience, just by
way of getting its throat loosened up gave &
cheer for the hard-working musicians, I®
was evident already that the heat—and ther@®
was a great deal of it~ might make the crowd
perspire but that it would take more than pers
spiration to dampen the enthusiasm, The
Annexed Districters had brought a drum corps
along with them aud the fifes and drums ane
swered the patriotic airs of the band with
“Yankee Doodle,” which stirred up the audie
ence again. As there was music going a cok
ored quartette came on the stage, to the sound
of anticipative applause and sang the new

campaign song which, to the tune of the “Blue
and the Grey” is expeeted to play a large part
in the campaign The big-voiced negro whe
sat second bass sang the solo part;

A nation’s gift toa party's cause Is & story that’s soom
bold,

She hod two sons, two noble sons, each worth his
weight in gold;

She cave poem upat the country's call to battle for
the right,

For well she knew they bad both proved true ta
another hard-fought ight

Then all four of the quartette joined in th
harmonious chorus W hile the audience stam)
out the ime:

One he steered us through victory down in Washing»

ton:

The other proved himself a hero atthe battle of Sam
Juan

The North and the South then fought together, and
next election day

They ight again for Bill and Teddy, the blue and
the gray.

The song has a good swing and seamed to
catch on at once, As the quartette was singe
ing the second verse the Annexed District
druins broke out with a ralle and President
Seth Low of Colurnbia University, who was
to act as chairman, appeared mounting the
steps of the stage followed by Senator Fore
aker. There Was a great siout in whieh the
hanes of the two men Were iningled and whieh
merged in a ble cheer Then the quartett.
finished its song and bad to repeat the sacon
verse ia acknowledvement of the cheers, Prese
ident Low then came forward and had to
flahligat of a photographer who

+ had his gun trained on him point blank from

the centre aisie. As soon as he got his sight

| back again he said

|
|
\
|

SETH LOW'S ADDILESS

Republicona of New York \\e are met here
to-nieht to renew our fealty to the Republiean

Yole Harvard Boat Race, New London, June 38,

 

Paeursion teke's inel ding Puclor ear s ot, 8:00
A.M alin fron Grand Centr totlon, $7.00, Ku.
cursion ekets, good only in eoxehe. $4.75. Thekete
for Ob. + ation tra ty be ronion Bast bank of toe

Hiver, finish to be seen from the Hrld@e, $2.50, gil o
sale at Hoom 5. Grund Central Station, N. ee

OH KR adv/

MDA Mas d4 TMA RAB DOLD LD AMADA 1 IRD SAIS SENAY DIS
SCALE hii bate Sat aseh td (att aad

eee

2

ts