and to our loyalty to its candidates
ce! ———|
the speaker was interrupted by an out-

of cheering that shook the walls and almost
owned out the ruffie of drums by the corps.
8 the cheering was dying down ex-Mayor
trong entered and the audience got arent
to give an tional cheer for a.

gnoug My

 

ore Roosevelt,” continued the

 

le yelled.
PerR hres cheers for the Rough Rider,” shouted
enthusiast, and again the hall rang. When
fe ta chance to go on President Low said;
of them are men whom Republicans
t to honor, and whose lead Republicans
delight to follow. Each is in his own way
typically American. Together they typify Re-
jevements, promises and aapira-
irs Tee years o when President
Mckay assumed office Spanish tyranny was
ming unbearable, As long as peace
med possible President MoKinley devoted
self to preserving peace and when war was
vitable he devoted his energies to the con
uct of that war with brilliant success, The
Feaultant conditions were unexpected and sur:
ising. Torescue Cuba was the object of the
, an object triumphantly achieved. Porto
and the Philippines were loosed from
h bonds, We have relieved them from
association with a dying nation and given them
eecee en with a young and vigorous nation.
new questions thus arising the Republican
party faces with courage and confidence in the
A joan people. The Republican party may
be ted to deal with these questions,
pplause,| It believesin the righteousness of
PAURE. {* believes that President
eKinie; {applause} has met the new condl-
ons with a patriotism and courage worthy
>) be supported. (Applause. |

THR CONSTITUTION FOLLOWS THE FLAG,

“In theearly days of the Civil War many sald
hat the secession could not be put down by force
use the Constitution made no provision
‘or such a contingency. President Lincoln
le short work of this gmat. {great aps
} saying that a Constitution that did
t render vital its own provisions is worth-
ina . 80, to-day. 'e say that the Con-
Rulion follows the ‘g We say that who
fen. ike y ink lapplause) an
velt (cheers) are our leaders
wey, follow with every poafigence cheers].
our opponents say that the flag cannot
extend the Constitution across the seas, we
tly take issue with that shibboleth. It
n ‘al that the Democratic party should
¢ this stand, as it has always been years
nd the times. A Congressman recently
pu the matter capitally by saying that when
@ Republican party found a mouse in its
path, it dealt with that mouse: when it found
an elephant in {ts path it dealt with the ele.
Frant: but when the Democratic party found
ese animals in its path it said: These are
fg giraffes: the Constitution provides only
or giraffes. We can do nothing.’ [Applause
and ‘ia hter.) William McKinley ts not the
man to be frightened by any such phantom,
nef, is Theodore Roosevelt. (Ap; lause,
wish our Governor could be Vice-Presi-
nt at the same time [applause], or rather,
sorry he has to leave this Stute. Bui we
will support him--we of New York Sitate--as weil
for Vice-President as we would for Governor,
since as loyal Kepublicans we have had_ to
give him up to the nation, and ! hope the Re-
publicans of this State will show their apprecl-
‘on of bis services as Governor by nominat-
for the Governorship a man who will carry
on his noble and honest work.” LApplouset

HOW ABOUT “ICE”?

“I notice that Mr. Croker says that impe-
rialiem and trusts are to be keynotes of the
campaign.”

“How about the !ce?” shouted a man, and
there was 4 great burst of laughter.

"Mr. Croker's political position,” continued
Mr. Low. “would make any such remark inter-
eating, but as a matter of fact nobody is better
qualified by experience to speak on both topics,
{laughter.) He has given us the finest kind of
example of imperialism in his management
of this city from his island throne. (Laughter
and applause.) [t used to be said that public
office is a public trust, but now It is changed
to the saying that public office is a (n) tea
st tipas niet 5-08 for those that use their
‘ itical position to make money out of it.
Laughter }

"prosperity has returned with the coming
of the Republican party into power 1 have
heard a pessimist defined as a man who of two
evils chooses both. I can imagine a nation of

pasimists voting to change a policy of con-
Bdencn to a policy of vacillating and uncertain

anger; but I cannot imagine the American
tion doing anything of the sort, so
ong as the question, ‘What is a dol-
* existed, the very basis of business was
insecure. The Republican party has laid that
question to rest, (Applause). But I am not
going to discuss at length the principles of the
campaign. We are fortunate in having to-
night a Senator from each of the States repre-
sented on the national ticket.”

At this point Senator Depew came in with

yman Slater, and was enthusiastically

 

“Whenever anything in the line of welcom-
ing is going on.” said President Low, “the
unior Senator from New York always gets

is share. I am glad he got here in time to share
in this welcome. It is proper that the dis-
inguished Senator from Ohio, the mother of our
idential candidate. should be first to speak.
e of New York have an interest in him, too,
as he je a graduate of Cornell University. It
ig my pleasure to introduce Senator Foraker."
There was great cheering from both the
mens and those on the platform as the
nior Senator from Ohio came forward.

CALIA FOR FORAKER,

“Foraker, Foraker, Foraker!” shouted the
, Platform and the audience responded with
; r after cheer,

, Throughout his speech, which was lete
with the eloquence for which he is noted, Sen-
ator Foraker kept his hearers up to a high ten
sio: of @ t \usiasm.

SENATOR FORAKER'S 8PEECH.

“This,” said Mr. Foraker, “is, I believe, called
Gratification meeting. It is pretty weil ratified
y. You have at least given evidence that

} j t is not necessary for me to waste time in as-
i ; slaning reasons why you should ratify; but
; FE inasmuch as I am here, and thut is whatis ex-
i ; Peo ed, let mo say in the first place, the work
: of the Philadelphia Convention should be ratified
; not only by this meeting, but by Republicans

all over the country, because of the character
of the men chosen by that convention to lead

 

~

re
4

5 Ei

them to victory. I am not going to waste
much time talking to you about them. It is
t necessary, I saw from the allusion Mr.

ow made to our candidates that you are already
retty familiarly acquaint with him,
ere is M Kinley. [Applause], It is
- necessary tor me to talk to yon
ut him. He is familiarly known to all
people of this country; not only that, but
oys the respect and the confidence and
miration of the whole world. [Applause.]
“MoKinley has been a long time in the public
service. He commenced nearly forty years
ofc: when in 1861 he enlisted as a private soldier
. [Applause]. And, keeping step to the
music of the Union, followed the flag to the front
and there won an imperishable honor for hin-
f. You next knew of hin) asa Representative
Congress, standing in the forefront of that
rum and there meeting in debate the ablest
men of the Demecratic party: a chanipicn al-
wars for Republican doctrines and principles
ut especially the advocate and champion of
t great American doctrine of protection to
American indistries, [Great applause} And
now for the last four years he has been President
fe will be for the next four years to come

 

pplause). Fortunate, indeed, were we to
ve such a man when we assembled at Phila-
Iphia to whom we could commit our standard
be carried in this contest; such a man was he
‘aman who has been tried in both peace and war,
F ind who has met every responsibility and shown
t he was more than equal to each emergency
{ Applause. |

And now as Mr. Low has well said, he has
the rizht man on the ticket with him’ fer the
second place. [Applause ! A great mary
men Were mentioned before and at the time
of the Philadelphia Convention for the nomi-
p nation for Vice-President. Many a good man
b : and one representative of the Republican party
and the prestige of our country. but there
never was a minute from the time the conven-
tion met when it was pot the determination of
an overwhelming majority of that conven-
lon that, whether he wanted it or not, Theo
, lore Roosevelt should be their nominee. [Ap-

Dlause. |
WHAT ROOSEVELT 18 LIKE

r “Re ts a representative in an especial sense
of the young, axwressive and progressive men of

y M the American nation. T have heard him likered
to a good many things, avimate and inani-
mate. and since he was nominated if I have

thought of him as anythin it would be as a
sort cf locomotive in trousers. He ie net only
full of fire and full of esergy and full of indus
try, but he has another quality which the loco-

 

 

 

 

 

\ h Motive has he can mush as well as pull. We
* i Romar that he shall push in this campaign
7 t, if T do not mistake the signa of the times
° We will put him at the other end of the train
f and Ist him pull in 1904.) FApplanse
“Fellow cltizens, gratifying as it is to bave
such men for oor candidates, we must vet re-
meg pe§ t! at, after all, men are but the rep-
ee tit of ides Applause (nd that
MeKinley and Peo-evel: worthy i theme |
selves for the high ofices to which they have
1 haned by the Republican Convention,
L are vet still mere worthy because of that
E which they represent for America and Amor-
loan interest»
“This matter of electing a Presidenrand Vire= |;
President is in no -on-e a personal matter, | “ey
; turnin 7 on the ehuracter or quality of the man
; Men stand for something in American pe littes,
and I want to se McKinley and Roosevelt proe

vail in Novenber newt and so do you, net alone
because they are worthy in thenveelves to have
your support, but because they stand for the
continued prosperit f this country, for
erent sy of Americanism whiet abr
in this country Applause

 

 

    

THE QUESTION ABOVE ALL OTHERS,

  

“There are « good many
taiked about that have been referred
tee. as the triet que tion: and we sce
i repeated aino-t every aay in the newspapers
that Mr. Bryan ins ts stil that 18 te 4 and the
picion of imperialism, as our Democratic

lends term it, and other questions are domi-

ant, but the one great paramount question
Question above all others in importance;

Questions being
toby Mr

   
   
 
 
  

!
4

 

  

Py

 

speaker, and then had to stop again while the |

 

   

 

tion whether or not the administra-
ion ‘of McKinley should be continued by us.
fApplause.| it should be indorsed. In the
rst place, because he has keps the faith. [A
lause.| Some men when they get into pu
fic office do not keep promises made while they
area candidate. ‘They do not keep them some-
times because they cannot, and they do not
keep them other times because they do not
want to. In the case of William McKinley,
| however, no matter what has been the aimi-
culty, every promise wade in 1806 has been
rot eos by the ks mado and the responses
“see by remarks made an 3
given that you are pretty familiar with the
facts here in New York that the trust part of
the Democratic campaign has had a sort of a
ehill lately, (Loud ap yjlause and laughter]
1 want to talk to you a little bit about imperial-
ism. We have had a great deal of talk about
sparen. until to-day I read in a paper
only at the last hour the announcement from
Washington that to-day William McKinley,
President of the Unit States, has recall
Gen, Chaffee, one of our most distinguished
soldiers, to command the American forces in
China. ‘It becomes necessary once in awhile
to exercise authority, and when it does become
necessary it has been found that the Constl-
tution confers that authority upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, and it would be a
slander on our Government, a slander on the
men who framed our Constitution, to say that
when a lot of barbarian Boxers set to work to
murder American missionaries in China, there
is no power in the American President to send
troops to protect them from such outrages.
“We oe) sees re nee we . : so
any part o: ina, but we do wan m
titleens in China and everywhere throughout
the world to be safe fapplause), and with Mr,
McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt at the he
of the Union our citizens will be safe in China
or anywhere else,

AN OMEN OF VICTORY.

“I have heard it sald that New York State is
to be the great battleground of this contest,
In view of what I see here to-night, I am grati-

ied to believe that and to say that if that is so,
the battle has been already won. [Applause.
For with all the enthusiasm which I see on the
side of the Republican party here to-night it is
not possible that the American people mean to
sut in jeopardy the prosperity of this coun-
oy or to put in jeopardy a policy which is so
fraught with honor to us, and the opposite of
which, is so charged with dishonor and igno-
miny.”

}

THE RESOLUTIONS.

When the applause with which Senator Fora-
ker’s closing prophecy was received had sub-
sided Assemblyman. 8. Slater read the foow-
ng resolutions, which were adopted amid cheers:

Be it Resolved, That we, the Republicans of the
county of New York, in mass meeting assembled,
hearty indorse and ratify the firm platform of Re

ublican principles which were adopted. and the nom-

nations for the offices of Presidentand Vice-President
of these United States which were made by the Re-
publtean National Convention at Philadelphia, Pa,
on June 19 and 20, 1000; and

Re it further Resoteed, That the present adminis-
tration of our national Government, which has pro-
diced abundant prosperity at home, and commanded
respect for the flag and distinction for American
citizenship abroad, not only conclusively testifies to
the eminent statesmanship and high patriotism of
President McKinley, but !t commanded his renomina-
ae and obtains our responsive support for his re-
eleciton,

Be tt further Resolved. That with espectal pleasure
and pride we remarked the spontaneous verdict of the
Republicans of our sister States naming as exndidate
for the second highest office in the gift of the Amert-
can people our public spirited fellow citizen, the
sturdy product of our best American influences,
out hor, soldier and statesman, Gov. Theodore Roose-
velt.

Then Chairman Tow introduced Senator
Cheuncey M. Depew. In doing so he said; “I
shall not attempt to paint the lily or to gild ree
fined gold.’ The Senator said in part:

SENATOR DEPEW'S SPEECH.

“I have attended nearly every national con-
vention since 1 was a voter,” said Mr. Depew.
“Each of them had the peculiarities which made
it an expression of the dominant sentiment of
the times. After each one of them there were
heart burnings to be allaved and enmities

rowing out of the hot contention of rival can-

idates to be pacified. Kven where they were
most unanimous there was either open revolt
or hostile murmurs against the results. The
Republican Convention at Philadelphia is the
first where there was no dispute, no rivalry and
no contest for either President or Vice-Presi-
dent. But, best of all, the result of this confers
ence of the chosen representatives of the party
from every State and Territory has been ac-
cepted with joyful acclaim all over the country.
There is not a sign of dissatisfaction, not a
murmur of dissent anywhere. It is my habit
to gather opinions from the citizen whom I
meet and who generally knows me, whether
or not I do him. The cabman who drove me
from the station said, ‘You have given us a fine
ticket.’ The conductor on the elevated rail-
road said, ‘A sure winner, Senator.’ The rail-
road men on the trains and around the Grand
Central Depot acted and talked as if one of the
happiest events possible had come into their
lives, The men of affairs in the city said, ‘T
convention has arrested distrust and restore
confidence. With the reasonable certainty o

the election of McKinley and Roosevelt we can
enlarge our business, engage in new enter-
prises, construct new factories and mills, open
new mines and furnaces and build more rail-
roads with the certainty that the investment
of our money.and the opportunity for larger
employment for labor will depend entirely
upon our wisdom and business sagacity and
not incur the perils of political disturbance.’

LOOKING TO KANSAS CITY WITH FEAR.

“Every citizen who is prosperous in his farm,
in his factory, in his store, in his employment
or in his workshop, is looking to Kansas Cit
with fear. The utterances of the leader who is
to control the deliberations of this body give no
hope of better times for any man who has a
profitable business or a good job. Even the
most optimistic Democrat believes and pri-
vately says that the election of Col. Bryan
would produce, at least for a time, possibly for
two years, a suspension of new enterprises
and a hand-to-mouth policy in the conduct of
business which produces always failures, poor
markets and weak purchasing power.

“To-morrow I sail for Europe on one of the

reat steamers of the American Line, the St.
‘aul. Her speed and magnificent rform-
ance on the ocean are the triumphs of the Amer-
ican shipbuilder. Innumerable times she and
her companion ship have carried passengers
and cargo safely across the great sea. If 1
should leave her in midocean with all her com-
forts, her luxuries and the certainty of her
safety and of her delivering me on time and
bappy on the other side to take a raft for the
purpose of paddling ashore on some unknown
coast or to be picked up by some wanderer on
the wave I should be furnishing an example for
the voter who leaves the certainty of every-
thing he cares for in this world for himself and
his family by leaving McKinley and Roosevelt
for Bryan and Towne and the rudderless un-
Known.

Speaking of the nation's new acquisitions in
the Far East Senator Depew said:

VALUE OF THE PHILIPPINES.

“*What is the use of the Philippines?’ Anim-
mediate and unexpected use has developed
within the last few days, That country is un-
worthy of its position among nations which
cannot and will not protect its citizens wherever
they are rightfully. Great Britain, Germany
and France, Russia, Austria and Italy follow
their people with the protecting power of their
gc vernments wherever they are. During the
years when we had little or no navy our mer-
chants who were in places where revolutions
imperilled their_lives were compelled to seek
the protection of the Consuls of European goy-
ernments. The guns of Dewey in Manila Bay
were heard across Asia and Africa, they echoed
through the Palace at Pekin and brought to
the Oriental mind a new and potent force among
Western nations. We, in common with the
countries of Europe, are striving fo enter the
limitless markets of the Fast with the products
of our skill and industey, Those peoples re-
spect nothing but power.”

Yhe moral and political effeet of our ability
to join at once with the e ized nations in this
wor are ined h Toe Ainert-
can soldier and saflor arriving so speedily from
our own territory is a demonstration which
wil edvanee our interests and procure for us
a recognition which would be impossible other-
wise in a half century of effort, The Ameri-
can representing America or engaged in trade

 

  

of reseue

which benefits his country will have among
barbarous and semi-barbarous people recog-
nition, position and iifluence bevood the dreame

   

diplomaes believe the Pluippines il
be enormous markets ‘and sources of wealth
to the United States, that their own peopie will

be advanced i: civilization and the benerits
ot self-govercroevt, but, berond these eo.
sidera iocs, which Justify their retentios, the

part that (he. eoabie us ioplas upon the world’s
stage in this war of humaniiy, of the protection
of the dearest rights of our people. of the res.
cue of our kindred and the position of our
country amoog the rmiltions of Asia, compen.
ate and justify their eapture, the suppression
ef the rebellion within their borders, and the
holding of thetn forever as territories of the
United States

In touchiog upon the subject of trusts the

 
  

 

 

 

 

Senator had a little fun at the expense of Col,
rear Ve snia
BRYAN AND THE TRUSTS '
'
Col, Bryan in his eritieism of the Republi-
en) piatform says that its tudles On the trust |
jlestio When the Colonel writes the trust
path for the Denmoeratic platform and pre-
is jt the delegation at Kausas City he
1 situation,
ofall; ‘sand werthies of the Old Testa- |
Las rd his Pealos seen nearer to |
f mod { the chords of his harp as |
he foucies them find response in our daily t
condiiio. He evideotly had in view with his

prophetic seul the DemoeraticC Convention deal-

eo the trust proble vhen he wrote the
Seveniy-third Preatn beommendtoCol, Brean, |
Vooustear ed be the Scriptures, as he prepares
the trust elank wit hesitation produced by the

foe Lrustin New york before him, the eigiteenth
verse of alui, where David says, speak |
ing of the Lora’s deaiiogs with certain me, |
sure hou test thea bi slippery place
tod casteth them Gow) to destruetion
Senator Deyew cave a most graphic descrip. |
tion of the part Gov Roosevelt bore both before |
and during the Spanish wa i description that
mightily stirred the great audience. He told
8 me Anvedotes to show the flanting nature and |
the tugged Americanism of the Colonel of tie |

that i

(

Se a ae ae ee ee

 

 

' Rough Riders. Continuing the Senator sald:
| WHAT HR'LL DO AT WASHINOTON.

j Mt ata! whet will he do down in Washington?
| well, oraker and I and Platt, we are a
{friendly (applause) we get ona debate in the
Senate, and Senator Pettigrew. or Senator
Allen proceeds to comment upon the iniquities
of American armies, American successes,
Americah glory, American expansion an
Amorican progress, and to operee that Roose-
velt. is one of the leacers in this niqwisous cru-
sade for the glory of the American flag.

“Whether we cankeep him in the cbair or
notI do not know. [Applause] I think tae
American e hop? we cannot. That seem
to be the V saterh view; but underneath all this
fighting spirit, underneath all this strenuous
life, is an ho eat, feline. thorough-going,
courageous, public-sp irit man.

“But in hia new place he will fill thechair with
great distinction, and he will bring to the aid of
our great President that young mind represent-
ing the best element of American youth which
will make the second Administration of William
McKinley the star Administration so far ea the
glory of the American people is concerned, and
the happiness of the American people and the
siory of American history.”” (Great applause, )

At the cl. ae of Senator Depew's speech there
were more cheers for the Republican nominees
and cheers for the speakers of the evening and
then the meeting adjourned.

CONGRESSMAN ALLEN RENOMINATED.

 

 

Reed's Successor Says the Spirit of Our In-
stitutions Follows the Flag.

Port.anp, Me., June 26.—The Hon. Amos I.
Allen of Alfred, who was elected least fall to fll
out Speaker Reed's unexpired term, was
renominated to-day by acclamation, The con-
vention was presided over by former Mayor
Augustus F, Moulton of Deering, and the nom-
inating speech was made by Mayor Edward C,
Reynolds of South Portland. The platform
indorses the platform of the Philadelphia Cone
vention and pledges loyal support to McKinley
and Roosevelt. The services of Congressman
Allen are highly complimented,

In accepting a renomination Congressman
Allen reviewed the action of Congress in pass-
ing the Dingley Tariff bill and the law fixing the
gold standard, and said that this action was in
fulfilment of Republican pledges mado in 1806,
He recalled Bryan's prophecy of what would
happen to the country if tree coinage of silver
was not adopted, and declared that the pros-
perity now experienced is a sufficient refutation
of Bryan's prediction, Mr. Allen challenged
the Democratic party to reaffirm the Chicago
platform. Referring to the complicating
questions growing out of the war with Spain,
he said:

“In regard to the Philippine Islands, we
shall hold them and govern them so far as they
cannot govern themselves, and they will govern
themselves just so far as they safely can and
show capacity to govern. We need not stop to
argue and quibble whether the Constitution
follows the flog, for the spirit of the Consti-
tution, the snirit of our institutions and the
spirit of ourChristian cfvilization always follow
the flag and always will.”

APOLOGIZES

 

 

TO QUIGG.

 

Both of Kohisaat’s Papers in Chicago With-
draw Charges of Corruption,

CHICAGO, June 26.—Temuel E. Quigg of New
York yesterday filed suit for libel against the
Times-Herald of this city basing his claim for
damages upon an article published in the Timea-
Herald of Sunday last, in which he was charged
with having received a fee of $5,000 for changing
the meaning of the interoceanic plank in the
Republican platform adopted at Philadelphia
last week. The Times-Herald this morning
made a most abject apology to Mr. Quigg for
having made the charge and the Post, another
of H. H. Kohisaat’s publications, follows to-
night. It says editorially:

“This rabid denunciation of Mr. Quige by
those whose fads and theoretical hobbies were
omitted from the Republican platform formu-
lated at Philadelphia has had a boomerang
effect so far. Mr. Grosvenor culls Quigg a
‘political driveller,” but the evidence in the
case shows that his part was exceedingly modest
and thoroughly legitimate. In the matters
of the substitution of the word ‘isthmian’ for
the word ‘Nicaraguan’ in the canal plank it is
now established that the alteration was made
not by Mr. Quigg, but by Martin B. Madden.
Mr. Quigg in voting for the Madden version
did what every other member of the Resolutions
Committee did, and from precisely the same
motive—the desire to make the canal plank
as sound and broad as possible. ”

BRYAN HARVESTS HISWHEAT TO-DAY,

 

Wilt Help Ran the Reaper— Refuses to Discuss
Hill for Vice-President,

LINCOLN, Neb., June 26.—Mr. Bryan to-day
paid his first visit to his farm in a fortnight
and found his wheat so nearly ripe that he
ordered it cut to-morrow, He will go out to
help run the reaper. His Oats will claim his
attention about the time the National Convene
tion meeta,

He spent the rest of the day answering let-
ters and receiving visitors, A great demand
has sprung up for the photographs of himsel
and his family. These requests are all turn
over to his photographer. Mr. Bryan said
to-day that he intended to sell his grain crop im-
mediately after (hresning., Des jokingly added
that he did not intend this as an attempt at
bearing the market.

Mr. th 8 interview last night meets with
the cordial approval of Nebraska Democrats
and they say they Will Oppose the nomination
of any one for Vice-President who is not in
full accord with Mr. Bryan and the platform,
Mr. Bryan declined to add anything to-night
to what he had said on the Vice-Presidential
matter and would make no comment on the
result of th e canvaas of the National Coinmittee.
ipen which favored David B. Hill as the can-

ida te,

County Committee Swings Out a Banner,

The Republican County Committee hoisted a
big campaign banner across Twenty-third
street at Madison avenue yesterday. It bears
the portraits of McKinley and Roosevelt and a
picture of the Capitol at Washington

The Consolidated Republican Organization of
the Thirty-third district, met last evening and
adopted resolutions ratifying the tieket nomi-
nated at Philadelphia and pledging hearty
support to it.

Named to Sacceed Congressman Grout.

Wnrity River JuNcTION, Vt., June 26 —After
a bitter fight between four candidates the See.
ond District Republican Convention to-day
nominated Kittridwe Haskins of Brattleboro for
Congress to sucosed Congressivan Grout. The
other contestants were Frenk Plumley of
Northfield, Porter H. Dale of Island Pond and
Wendall P. Stafford of St. Johnsbury,

 

German Republicans Organize.

The German-Americans of the Fifteenth
Congress district have organized a Republican
campaign club and rented headquarters at 1997
Third avenue. Emil Labishiner is the President
ant Manhein Manser the Trea-urer of the
organization

 

 

THE SUN,

\

|

“Comfortable clothing” is the |

ery when the city seems one vast
oven.

Sack cloth from Canada!

Have you tried it?) Keeps you
cool on the principle of perfect
ventilation—full of holes.

Cool grays and black; 820,

a men, many minds,

Jon t care What your neglig

shirt mind is we ean ieee

%1 to RS. ,

Roorrs, Peer & Compayy.

258 Broadway, cor. Warrea
and 7 and 9 Warren Sq

549 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1260 Broadway, cor. 324,
and 54 West jid St

We All orders
by mall.

|

  

\

 

 

FOR THE WINNING TICKET.

BROOKLYN REPUBLICANS BEGIN
CAMPAIGN WORK WITH A WILL,

Lieat.-Gov, Woodreff, Geo, Woodferd and
John W. Vrooman at the Union Leaguo
Club —The Young Repubdiican Club and
Other Organisations Ratify the Ticket.

The Union League Club of Brooklyn began
{ts work in the Republican campaign by @
largely attended and enthusiastic ratification
meeting at the clubhouse last evening. The
national ticket of McKinley and Roosevelt
was ratified, the Republican platform was
heartily indorsed and Lieut,-Gov. Timothy
L. Woodruff was praised in flattering terms.
Nearly an hour before the time set for the
meeting the members of the club and their
guests began to arrive at the clubhouse. pass-
ing in under the big electric letters which have
spelled out the names of the Republican Na-
tional candidates ever since the convention at
Philadelphia adjourned.

President Hibbert B. Masters opened the
meeting by bringing forth a campaign quar-
tet which led the audience in singing “The Star
Spangled Banner.” Then Mr. Masters an-
nounced the purpose of the meeting, and reso-
lutions were read by Chairman Benjamin F.
Blair of the Committee on Political Affairs,
commending President MeKiney’s admin-
istration in the highest terms, and assuring
Gov. Roosevelt that the club would work a8
heartily to send ‘him to Washington as Vice-
President as it had to send him to Albany
The resolutions also contained @ tribute to
Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff, as having now won @
national reputation. Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff’s.
name was greeted with hoarcy cheers and the
resolutions were adupted with a whcop.

Mr. Woodruff, who is to gail on the St. Paul
to-day to remain abroad three weeks, was
sitting on the platform. As he rose to speak
he was greeted with more cheers. He said in
part:

“The unparalleled unanimity and spon-
taneous enthusiasm exhibited in the nomina-
tions of our standard-bearers is a guarantee
that the people will elect our candidates, and
thus vigorously uphold the present Adminis-
tration in the important international rela-
tions where America is bound to lead the way.
When we consider the splendid administra-
tion of war and peace our country has enjoyed
during the past three years, under the direct-
ing mind and guiding hand of William McKin-
ley, and the martial heroism and civic courage
displayed during the same period by Theodore
Roosevelt, it would seem to be no exaggeration
to say that the Republican national ticket
of 1900 is the strongest presented during our
generation by either party for the suffrages
of the electors of the United States.”

Mr. Woodruff was followed by the Hon.
Stewart L. Woodford, who soon had his audi-
ence applauding and cheering a8 he recounted
the work of the Republican party in the past and
the reasons Why it should continus in power,
The people, he said, had slept only twice in
forty years. Their last sleep, the second Cleve-
land administration, was a nightmare which

the eountry didn’t want to lve repeated.
He said that the country would keep the faith
lodged to Cuba and would keep our flag in the
Jast and our conscience clear at the same time,

John W. Vrooman followed Mr, Woodford,
The fac which had been blown up with the
Maine, he said, had come down every where,
Roosevelt found part of it at Santiago, Miles
a part in Porto Rico and Dewey a part in the
Philippines. In all those places the flag must
stay.

“This country,” said Mr, Vrooman, “is so
great that we can survive a change in tariff
or a possible differones in money standard, but
we couldn't long survive as one of the great
nations if we refused to take our place in the
march of civilization and if we declined the
call of divine Providence to assist in elevating
and educating mankind, In this work we
know where MekKinley and Roosevelt stand ”

A letrer of regrets was read from Post-
master F. H. Wilson and former Mayor Scheiren
of Brooklyn made ashort speech. He said that
he was sure the next adininistration would be
Republican,

he Young Republican Club of Brooklyn held
a meeting last night and ratified the ticket
nominated at Philadelphia, There was a large
attendance and never before in the history of
the organization did candidates receive a more
enthusiastic Indorsemenat than was accorded
to William MeKinley and Theodore Roosevelt,
Asetof resolutions, eulogizing the Administra-
tion and commending the public services of
Gov. Roosevelt were adopted with cheers,
Those who spoke were Frank Harvey Field,
President of the club; former Mayor Charles
A. Schieren, former District Attorney Hiram
R. Steele and Col, Willis L. Ogden

The Brooklyn Republican Club held a second
ratification meeting last night and unfurled a
fine McKinley and Roosevelt banner in front of
its quarters at146 Pierepontstreet..

The William J. Buttling Republican Club of
the Fifth ward has ratified the ticket and organ-
ized a McKinley and Roosevelt campaign club
with headquarters at 252 High street.

The Invincible Club, a stalwart Republican
organization of the Twenty-third ward, went
up the Hudson lastnighton the General Slocum
on a moonlight excursion. A MeKinley and
Roosevelt ratification meeting was held on
board the steamboat.

 

 

 

DID MISS GOULD HELP WELLESLEY?
An Anonymous Donor Helps the College In a
Time of Immediate Need.

WELLESLEY, Mass., June 26. President Hazard
of Wellesley College gave the commencement
assemblage a surprise this afternoon when
just previous to awarding the diplomas, she
announced that she had an interesting state-
ment make with regard to the financial
affairs of the institution, She said that the
gift of $100,000 by John D. Rockefeller, upon
condition that the college debt be wiped our,
was now available according to a report she
had just received from the treasurer, The
debt, she said. wns $109,000 and Wellesley’s
treasurer had on hand in cash and securities
$104.0. Some of this money, President Hazard
said, came as an understanding that the donor's
name should not be made public, and instantly
the idea oceurred to every one that Misa Helen

Gould had presented the college with a large |

sun. Several months ago, the gracuates went
to work to raise the amount of indebtedness
in order to make Mr. Reekefeller’s gitt available,
hut their efforts had not vielded half the amount
required upto within afew dave. All Wellosley
is delighted with the fAnancial situation and
words of gratitude for Miss Gould are on every
one’s lips,

 

The Anti-Doodles,

Edwin Burritt Smith, chairmon of the Exeeu-
tive Committee of the Anti-Imperialist: League,
and Charles M. Sturgis of Chicago, who is an
anti-expansionist, called at the offlce of Edward
M. Shepard at 111 Broadway yesterday morn.
ing and had a leng conference with Mr. Shep

ard over the stand tobe taken by the anti-im-
perialista in the comug campuigh., At the con-
clusion of the conference Mr, Shepard teld a
reporter that it had been of the mest informal
charreter, and that the Principal tlie dis-
cussed was the holding of a © neress of anti-
imperialists in some Western city early in
August, “A conference and not a convention,”
Mr. Shepard said. “No one who ‘takes :art in
the conference of who pledges bis support to
the policy to be Inid out by the anii-inmpes
riulists, is committed as to his po'it.cal action,”

 

Claflin Company Assessment Stands,

The application of the H. B. Claflin Company
fora reduction of its personal property tux
assessment for 1899, on a valuation of $1,000,000,
has been deoied by Justice Fitagerald of the
Supreme Court. The company is capitaligod
under its incorporation in Jersey at
#9,0 10,000, | but it contended that only $700,000
of its capital ia Asseseable here, Wien Presi-
dent John (loflin of the company was examined
b fore the Tax Conmissionoer. on his applica-
tion to them to reduce the Assessment, he re~
fused to answer any questioneas tow opt + art
of the e pital was employedin New Jersey
stating, under the advice of eo pel, that auch
chestions were pot relevant tothe tawe ns to

New

What proverty it has in this State  Justies
Fitzgerald sivs the questions were relevar t
and that under all the cireumetances of the

case the assessment should stant

 

Charles Clayton Sont to Jail,

Charles Claytou, son of James Clayton, the
manufacturer of: ir compressors, was sent yes-
terda\ to jail for twenty-nine days b M

J " 5 v ag a-
trate Brenner of th» Acama street court in
Mr ok vn on a charge of drunken: ess and dire
orderly reget) he LVes in th: bpotel st
George, and on Sunday . ight while dit 2

cd | g hi ink went
Around t4 his father's house at 89 Wi'low ntrewe
and made a disturbance A few weeks ago its
father made an uw suceoss{y! effort to have hina
conminitied as an habitual dr inkard, ;

Assembly Nomin tions.

Broome County—Fastern cistrict, Ja
Reovbiican, renominated. Western district Joke te”
Swift, Republiean, renominated, , F

 

 
 
 

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.

:

  
  

KENTUCKY DEMOCRATS AT ODDS.

Gen, Gentry’s Dinner to Placate the Anth
Beckham Men Not a Success.

LEXINGTON, Ky., June 26.—Gen. W. H. Gen-
try’s attempt to yet the leaders of the two fac-
tions of the Democratic party together here at
a social dinner, which he gave to-night at Gen-
try Place, was afailure. The only anti-Goebel
man present was former State Senator Charles J.
Bronston, who was a rival of Senator Goebel
rior to the convention which nominated Goebel
or Governor. There is another party spdt
which has been unknown until to-night. Sen-
tor-elect J. C.'8. Blackburn refused to attend,
e reason i< that he favors the nomination of
Gen, Lewis for Governor instead Gov, Beck-
ham. Gov. Beckham is the only out-of-town
man of note who responded to Gen. Gentry's
flattering invitation and his loving-cup will not
touch the lips of a single anti-Goebel man un-
leas Mr. Bronston sips of its contents, It was
Gen. Gentry’s purpose to get all in line for

(

eckham,

Fraykront, Ky., June 26—James_ B.
McCreary of Madisoh county is a yrobable
epiry in ihe race for the Democratic nominu-
tion for Governor before the Lexington Con-
19 Ex.iov, McCreary has writ-
ere suying that while he is nota

 
 

 

 

vention, Ju
ten friends

candidate for the nomination that he
{n & receptive mind and would not
decline the honor were it offered him.

MoCreary is a prospective candidate for Sena-
tor to succeed boe, and his entry into the
Gubernatorial race would w#reatly complicate
the situation and will leave the field as follows:
Gov. J.C WB ekham, Ex-Judge Joseph Lewls,
' B. Sith, Judge Joseph D. Black

The Republican committee will cai! off the
convention and name John W. Yerkes as Repub-
lican candidates for Governor,

URGES TOWNE'S NOMINATION.

 

 

Popalist National Chairman Makes a Plea to
Democratic Delegates,

Lixcon, Neb., June 26.—Acting Chairman
Edmiston] of the Populist National Committee
Bent out to-night to delegates to the Kansas
City Convention and to a number of leading
Democrats, Porulists and Silver Republicans a
letter urging them to see tat Towne, the Popu-
list candidate, is nominated by the Democrats
for Vice-President. He insists that the nomi-
nation of Bryan and Towne means the addition
of the two million votes and thatthe Democrats
cannot do without the support of the Populists
and Silver Republicans,

In answer to the contention that Bryan's
rinning mate must come from New York he
Says Towne can carry that State by his
eloquence and jogic, Towne isthe one man
who hes the full confidence of all of the
reform forces and ranks in ability with the
Presidential nominee he says, and gives a
number of reasons why good faith and the
maintenance of good feeling demand bis nomi-
nation,

 

BUTLER OPPOSES MILL.

Populist National Chairman Says His Nomi-
nation Would Cause Bryan's Defeat.

Rateéion, N. C., June 26—Senator Marion
Butler, the chairman of the Populist National
Committee, suid to-day, speaking of the Kansas
City Convention:

“My advices are that Towne's name is grow-
ingall the while for the Vice-Presidential noml-

nation, If David Bennett Hill fs nominated for
Vice-President Bryan will be defeated,
Hill's nomination would) mean that the
platform is a lie and it would be a compromise
of principles. It willhave to be Towne or some
one who stands for the principles for which
Towne stands. Whomever the Democrats
nominate, Towne will stay on the ticket; that
is the situation in a nutshell,”

 

GEORGIA IEANS TOWARD HILL,

 

Gov, Candler Declares for the New York Man
for the Vice- Presidency,

ATLANTA, Ga., June 26.—Goy, Allen D. Candler

has expressed sentiments favoring the nomina-

tion of David B. Hillof New York for Vice-

President on the Democratic ticket. He
declares that the Republicans have put
up their strongest possible combination in

McKinley and Roosevelt, and he believed that
Bryan and Hill would stand an excelent chanes
of taking the Democratic | arty to victory It
is known that a large element of the Georgia
delegation is favorabie to Hill's candidacy, and
it would not be surprising if ie received the
solid vote in the convention.

Maine Democrats for Carter Harrison as
Bryan's Mate.

PORTLAND, Me., June 26—-The Hon. Melvin
P. Frank of Portland, speaking for the Maine
delegation to the Democratic National Con-
vention, sald to-night that he considered Carter

Harrisonof Chieago the most likely candidate
for Vice-President, Hesaid that David B Hill
was so bitter an opponent of the Bryan ticket
four years ago that the West could hardly be
expected to support him, though he would be
6trong in New York.

 

 

Shop Girl Who Repudiated Her Mother Sorry.

Florence Stancliff of 7 West 102d street, the
seventeen-year-(ld shop girl who, when she
appeared in court on Sunday, charged
by her mother with being wavrward,
suid she had ‘'grave doubts” as to whether
Mrs. Stanciiff’ was her mother, appeared
before Magistrate Hoxan yesterduy and
aaid she realized that she had made a great
mistake. Magistrate Hogan worned her not to
repeat itand let her go. She has been reading
cheap novels.

 

 

OBITUARY,

Dr. George 8S. Ward of 969 Broad street,
Newark, died on Monday in his seventy-third
year. He was one of the best-known physicians
in Newark and had practised there for fifty
vears, Dr. Ward was born in Rloomfeld.
He was graduated from the College of Phrsi-
cians and Surgeons in New York city in 1840

Henry White, who had been the publisher
of Frank Leslie's publications for twenty years
and of the Hour for four years, died on Monday
at his home, 361 Greene avy nue, Brooklyn, in
his plahiz-second year. He was born 1 Tre-
land, and emigrated to Canada in 1849, where
he was engaged in the insurance business
for several years.

Miss Pauline L. Joss, principal for thirty
years of Primary School 144, formerly 42, died
on Monday from anmmia at her residence,
58 West Eichty-fourth street. She waa ap-
pointed teacher in 1851. She was born in
New ork and was the daughter of the late
Adolphus Loss.

 

One Man Saved

From a wreck will attract the world's
attention to the life-saver. Yet let the
life-saving be continued every day, and
very soon it attracts no public attention.
If the scene of the saving of one life
by that life-saving remedy, Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical
Discovery, could §
be made to stand
out alone, like a
picture on a
screen, it would
attract the notice
of the whole na- §
tion. By a curi- §
ous contradiction
the very frequen-
cy with which the
"Discovery ” saves
life, robs the fact
of general inter-
eat. For obstinate
couglis, bronchitis,
weak lungs, and
other diseases of
the respiratory or-
7ans Golde h
Medical Discov-
ery” is the one
medicine which @
offers certain help, Me
and almost corti
cure, It contains
neither alcohol
nor narcotics,

"Only for Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medi
om Sererery I think

wou be im my grave to-day,”

Moses Miles, of Hilliard, Vinta Bo Drone
"I had asthma so bad I could not sleep and was
compelled to ied up work, It affected my
lungs so that T coughed all the time, both day
and night. My friends all thonght I had cou.
sumption My wife insisted on my trying
oe pent Discovery T have taken four
es and am now a well mau, weighs!
Pounds—thanks to Dr Pierce.” “errs ee

The People’s Ccernma1 Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers, is sent free on
om 72 ve stamps to py

of mailing only. Address Dr. BR V,
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.

 

  

   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

  

HILL FOR VICE-PRESIDENT.
aera Serres

The Resolation Referred to a Committee—
Greeted With Cheers—Former Gov. Clarke
Defeats Chairman Jones in Clarke's Effort
te Become a National Committeemas.

Tirthe Rock, Ark., June 26.—-Arkan as’
Demecratic convention met tn this city to-day
and nominated the following State ticket:
Governor, Jefferson Davis; Secretary of State,
J. W. Crockett; Attorney-General, George W.
Murray; Treasurer, Thomas E. Little; Super-
Intendent of Public Instruction, J. J. Doyne;

| State Land Commis ioner, J. W. Colquitt; Com-
missioner of Mi es, Manufactures and Agri-
culture, Frank Hil, All the nominations were
made unanimously.

For Auditor th re were two candidate:, T. C,
Monroe and R. W. McFarlane. The ballot
showed McFarlane to have 255 cut of 603 and
Monroe, 248, 252 being necessary to choice,
Missiasin; 1 county voted her 7 for McForlane,
When this was known there was a sensation, for
Monroe carried the county by several hundred
majority. A proxy from that county had cast
the vote for McFarlane, though one of the
delegates had s*nt a telegram to Justice Red-
dick of the Surreme Court appoiming him
proxy to cast the vote of the county for Mon-
roe, There were cris of fraud and it was said
that the written proxy was forged, While the
matter was belng investigated a motion to ad-
cour, until 100'clock to-morrow morning pre-
vaile

Congressman T. C. McRae is chairman of the
Platform Committee which will report to-
morrow. The platform will be in line with

revious ones, declaring against trusts and for
reesilver. Judge Eva's of Logan county ts
chairman of the convention. The national
commitreeman will be ex-Gov, JamesP. Clarke
who had been opposed by Chairman’ Evans,
The four delegates-at-large to the National
Convention wili pegdably be James K, Jones,
pores H. Berry, Jefferson Davis and James P.

arke,

The following resolution was presented by
Charl-s J. Parker and referred to the commit-
tee without debate, being wreeted with cheers:

“Whereas, ‘the Democracy of Arkansas
{n convention assembled, feeling the need
of and seeing the absolute necessity
of union and undvided = ranks in p
rext Presidential election, do hereby piedge
our support and loyalty, and our fealty to the
cause that will best promote and subserve the
best interest of the party and the ultimate vie-
tory of our peerle-s leader, William J. Bryan.
To ac omplish this result we feel it necessary,
for party harmony and success, to look to the
East for a cand date for Vice-President, theres
by solidifying the East, South and West, and
eanes a solid front to the enemy. There-
ore bel

“Resolved, That the Democracy of Arkansas
hereby instructs the delegates to the Kansas
City Convention to cast the vote of the State
or David B. Hill of New York fog Vice-Presi-

ent.”

 

 

 

SMITH AS BRYAN'S RUNNING MATE,

Maryland Democrats to Boom Their Governor
for Second Place on the Ticket.

Battimoner, June 26~The Maryland dele-
gation is now preparing a John Walter Smith
boom for the Vice-Presidency, which they will
present at the Kansas City Convention. Chair-
man Murray Vandiver admitted to-day that
Gov. Smith's name would probably be pre-
sented to the convention for the Vioe-Presi-
dential nomination, He thinks that the nome
ination of the Governor would do much to re-
store confidence among Eastern Democrata,
that it would be a wise selection and not at all
outside of the pale of possibilities that he
should receive it.

“We shall probably present Gov, Smith's
name,” said Mr. Vandiver. “At any rate, we
shall certainly urge his availability as a run-
ning mate to Bryan, Woe believe from all that
we have heard that even the most ardent of
the Bryan and free silver advocates are anx-
ious that something should be done to pro-
pitiate the Eastern conservative voters. We
know of no better way to do this than by coup-
ling to Mr. Bryan a conservative Eastern Dem-
ocrat. Everything that Mr. Bryan himself
has said has pointed to the fact that he believea
something decided should be done to enlarge
the Democratic vote.

“Gov, Smith has just redeemed Maryland
from the hKepublicans. He is a Democrat
who has never been beaten at the polls. He
has never turned his back on the party, has
never deeried either Bryan or free silver in
public, though he is known to have conserv-
ative views on the financial question, He is
known throughout the Fast as aman with large
buriness connections, and — his nomination
would make a certainty of Maryland, beyond
having considerable strength al! over the
country

“Maryland is one of those border States
with naturally Democratic tendencies, all of
which voted against Bryan in 1806. It is lost
ground which the Democratic party will have
to make up if they expect to carry the country.
We are not going to make an undignified cam-
peign lor Gov, Smith, but we do believe that in
tim. we have the solution of the question, and
we will do our best to quietl

put this before
the delegates

in the light ta whic h we see it.”

JUDGE WERNER IN DOURT.
Not Certain What He Wonld Say if Named
tor Governor by the Republicans,

ROCHESTER, June 26.--The announcement in
THE Sun of the up-State tendency toward
making Judge Werner of the Court of Appeals
the Republican candidate for Governor has
been widely commented on here. The Demo-
crat and Chronicle, Republican, urges the nom-
ination in to-dav'’s issue, The Post-Erpreas,
also Republican, save this afternoon that Jude
Werner would be an excellent candidate, but
refers to the sacrifice which he would be « alled
upon to make in abandoning his judicial career.
Judge Werner, in conversation with THK Stw
correspondent to-day, said that if the nomina-
tion were cffered to him to-day, although he
has received no cfficial notice that he is being
considered, he wonld hesitate about what to do,
Judge Werner's aspirations have always been
in the judieal line and a change to active
peritire would bea something new to him. He
wlieves that the candidate has already been
selooted, .

Judge Werner is not a wealthy man and there
isno doubt that his candidae’ would be a great
financial eacrifice for him. still he is looked
upon in this part of the State as one of the
strongest possible candidates. As a Supreme
Court Justice he is assured of a salary ef $7,200 4
@ vear for some Venrato come, while his designa-
tion as an Associate Judge of the Court of Ap-
peals at 310,000 4 vear puts him in line for a
nomination to that tribunal when a vacaner
occurs, Under the Constitution he would be
conipelied to pe. gn if he accepted the nomina-
tion for Govervor

 

 

INDIANA DEMOCRATS AT OUTS,

Gold Men ond Free Silver Men to Go to Kan-
sas Clty on Separnte Trains,

INDIANAPOLIS, June 26.—The eandidacy of
Mayor Taggart of this elty for Natlonal Com-
mitteenian and the certainty that if he suc eeds
he will be a candidate for the National Chair-
manship, has caused a big split between the

conservative Democrats, who are supporting

Taggart, and the Free Silver men, Who are
supporting John G. Shanklin of Evansyille
Cho fering has become so pronounced
that the two factions have made arrangements
to go to the Kanens City Convention in ser irate
special trains ‘The Free Silver men « v th ‘
the supporters of Taggart are trying to turn
the party over to the “gold bug interest” and
that the selection of Taggart for National Com
mitteernan means that the campaten: in this
State will be directed in his personal intereat
rather than the advancement of the Vree Silver
canse

With the Free Silver wing are the Free
fepublicans who are also coing to
City and will make a fight against the Indian-
apelis Mayor, It had been arranged for the
full Tdi ha contingent to go on one train, but
the Pree silver men have made other arrange-
tnents ond will wo by a different route. ¢ hair-
man Martin and members of the Democratic
State Committee lead the conservatives, =

Silver
Kansas

Texas Asked to Aid the Shively Boom,
Dautas, Tex., June 26.--Oscar Turner, Con-
gressan from the Fifth Kentucky distr er
spent the day in Dallas consulting with Con-
ereasman JW. Bailey. The ¢
a Wué-tion
Proper manto nominate for \V ite Precldoes nt
Kansa SCUL¥ IRA PArAMOUNt political topic with
Mr. Torner He and Kentucky Democrats
general y favor Shiveivot Indiana 1
anee -f the Texas delegation to Ka
desired in the interest of Shively

neas City is

 

Mayor MeGaire Heads the Delegation,
FSyracrse, June #4—The Onondago delega-
tion to the Demoeratic National Convention
will be diferent {rom that decided upon at the |
State Convention, John Du

. nfee, who wast
have headed the delegation, will not attend.
airman

Consequntly Ma
the a hiseauneye® MoGuire will be ch

    
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

he asaist- |

| Children’s
Bathing Suits

Of the best make and
finish—-in the largest range
of styles and sizes. The fol-
lowing are a few examples:

BOYS’ AND YOUTHS’ ON?T-VIRCR
SUITS, navy blue flannel, trimmed
with white braid, sizes 4 to 12 yrs,,
$r.15; sizes 13 to 14 yrs., $1.25,

ONE-PIECE SUITS, of white flan.
ne}, sailor collar, vest and belt trims
mod with red serge, sizes 2 to 10
yrs., $2.00.

BOYS’ ONE PIECE SUITS, made
of cotton jersey, striped with white,
69c.

The same, mado of navy blue
worsted jersey, sizes 4 to 10 yrs,
$7.65.

BOYS’ SWIMMING SUITS, of
striped worsted tig | in many come
binations of colors, sizes 12, 14 & 16

rs., $2.85. Larger sizes, 34 to $8

reast, $3.50.

MISSES’ NEWPORT SERGE
SUITS, black with white or red cole
lars, finished with contrasting colors,
sizes 10 to 16 yrs., $4.85. Larger
sizes, 32 to 36 bust, $4.25.

Also
Improved Swimming Jackets, Bath-
ing Caps, Bathing Slippers and Swim-

ming Tights,
60-62 Wesi 23d St;

    

Japanese
Art. = =

Special Sale This Week.

200 JAPANESE

Color Prints,

illustrating Ancient Dramatic Piays,
in exquisite colorings,

f cents each,
value 25 cents.

PRETTILY DECORATED

Fans,
{ cents each,
value 25 cts. and 50 cts,
JAPANESE CARVED
Tops,
ASSORTED COLORS,

2 for 5 cents,

JAPANESE
Water-Flowers, .

Novelties for Finger Bowls.

Papers and Brushes
AT REDUCED PRICES.

Tozo Takayanagi,

12 East Sixteenth Street,
Between Broadway and Fifth Ave.

 

PASSION FOR HORSES KUINED HIM.

So Says Rookkeeper Harris Who Confesses
Forging iis Employer's Name.

Arthur Harris, a bookkeeper, was arrested
yesterday by Detective Sergeant Dunn in the
office of his employer, George A. Freeman,
architect, at 27 Fast Twentieth street,on a
charge of forging Mr. Free an's nameto a
note for $200drawnon the Bank of New Am-
sterdam. In the Jeerson Market police court
he pleaded guilty and was held for trial.

When bail was asked for a representative of
the bank requested the Migistrate to make the
Amount as igh as possible, vecause the extent
of the prisoner's t}elis wasimuch larger than
was made apparent by the specifie charge en-
tered agains hin. Harris, in the last three
months, the bank's representative said, had
forwed ond cashed a score of notes representing
& total sum of $4090 Ba'l was fixed at $2,500.

Harris, who i<43 years old, isa member of
the Khtoud Drivers’ Association He tolda Stun
reporter that his passion lor horses had been
the chief cause of lis fall

 

 

Baptists Ministers Form a Unton,

The Baptist ministers of Long Island have
formed an organization uc der the name of the
Baptist Ministers’ Union of Long Island, Meet
ines will b> held n the third Monday of each
month. ‘The officers are the Rey . S. Gifford
Nelson, President: the Rey. Cornelius Woeltkin,
Vice-President; the Rey, Dr. RB. Hull, Trease
urer; the Rev Charles J. Keevil Clerk, and the
Rey. Dre. W. T. Dixon, W. ©. &. Rhoades and
John Humpstone, Executive Committee,

Drowned Diving Of a North River Plier.

Fourteen-year-old Edward Finnerty of 92
Horatio street, though a ecod Swiiumer, was
drowned yesterday whil> bithing in the North

River at the foot of Bloomfeit street. He
dived of the string piece and didn't come to
the surface alive it is suppose { that he struck
asnunken pile and wasstunned, His body was
recovered a few lours jater and taken home,

DOUBTERS

Can Be Changed by Knowledge.

 

rr

If there is any doubt about making brain
bower by the use of certain food, the doubter
should make the following experiment.

Helen Frances Huitington of Gainesville,
Ga, says: “Justa word of commendation con-
cerning Grape-Nuts which I have found to be
the most wholesome, nourishing and appetizing
food that | as ever come to my knowledge,

“Tam not a dyspeptic, but being constantly
engaged in severe brain work I found that I
did not thrive on ordinary diet; even a mod-
erate dinner dutied tny brain so as to be prac-
tcally incapable of critical work, I tried meat-
Vice, peptonoids, the two meal system of ght
Orenkifast and no supper whie brought on
nervous depletion and sleep saness, Bo | re-
sorted toore and another of the various health
f'ods which all alike tasteless and
Valvieless asa brain food, until quite by chanee,
Thad a dish of Grape-Nuts food served as des.
sert, Liikedit so ! that LT began to use it
daily, for supper four teuspoonsful in a saucer

of hot milk, eaten before it dissolves to mush-
iness :
“This point should be remembored av, afters
certain tine, evap $s to affect the
aweet nutiy Navor of the food asin the case o
certain fine-flavered f
“The result) in my ease 4
Ing IT had no desire what
trys, meats, orin oaet

    

SHOT Ed

ve

ation see

as simply astonish.
‘ver for me
'(@e

any

 

 

brain wes as clear and active at
awiking trom along, refressi ug slecy

The peeuiar advantage about Crape-Nuts
food in tha bi aetpples the nutritive qualita”
ave lodadier Hout the bad resi'teo: heavy
eating, Tcheertuiy recommend ite use to all
brain workers if net as an exclusive dirt, cor
tainly for the last meal of the day Lalways

take it with me when travelling, which ore a

deal of annoyance and discomfort.” —