TOM SHARKEY'S WATERLOO,

BEATEN INTO A HELPLESS STATE
BY GUS RUALIN,

Referee White Stops the Fight tn the Fifteenth
Round After the Sailor Had Been Knocked
Dowa Many Times—Corbett, Who Is tm
Bohlin's Corner, Tells Him How te Do the
Triok and His Advice Is Followed to Perfec-
tlon--Great Gameness of the Defeated Man
—Six Thousand Persons at the Coney Island
Clab Surprised at the Outcome—Betting
Is 10 to 4 on Sharkey at the Ringside.

Coached by former champion Corbett,
and displaying remarkable fighting ability

 

 

 

 

himself, Gus Ruhblin, the “Akron (iant,”
upset all calculations last night, when
he knocked Tom Sharkey, the noted

gallor pugilist, into such a state of helpless-
ness at the Sea Side Sporting Club of Coney
Island that Referee John White stoppod
the fight in the fifteenth round, More
than 6,000 spectators went to the arena
expecting to see Sharkey make a chopping
block of Ruhlin, who was knocked out
in a punch by the Sailor two years
ago. Few paid attention to the stories that
Ruhlin had improved; and nobody expected
bin to put to sleep the man who has met all of
tho latter-day pugilists of note without

being stopped, Jeffries had failed to
stop Sharkey in twenty-five round,
and that fact was made the basis of

the argument that Ruhlin would prove unequal
tothe task. Butas the fight turned out ail of
these ideas and predictions were worthless.

Rublin fought Sharkey with beautiful
judgment. He met the Sailor's rusties,
which were always in evidence, with
straight lefts. These blows bruised the
Siilor's face beyond recognition and so
blinded him that he was virtually helpless

when Ruhlin knocked him down for
the first time in the fifteenth round,
Five times after that the plucky Sallor

was floored, but he hung on |ike grim death
and was only beaten when Referee John White
refused to allow the slaughter to proceed, Al-
though Sharkey rushed all through the fight,
ewinging blows that were fearful in force,
he did not land with enough effect to
have Ruhlin bordering upon Queer street,
On the other hand Rublin, though not a power-
ful slugger, had enough power behind his
smashes to jar Sharkey from head to heels on
many different occasions. He took no chances

of mixing it unless forced to do so and used his |

left almost exclusively until be had bis man
where he wanted him. Then he whipped over
what is known as “Corbett’s inside punch”
which bel; ed to do the business,

Sharkey was literally beaten to ribbons from
the start. Ruhblin had his measure and Just
stood up and trimmed him with the ekill
of an artist, In Ruhlin’s corner was Cor-
bett, who told him just how to do the trick
and Gus proved to be a willing pupil. Thare
Was nevera time when Rublin lost his head.
ne took matters coolly, and though Sharkey
rushed him inees-antly he stood him off with
tactics that denoted skill and headwork.

After the first round ended Ruhiin bad confi-
dence and he proceeded to work tie left hand
60 effectively in Tom's face thatthe latter was
compelled to pull up in his assault. In the
third round Ruhlin gave an inkling of what
might happen by jarring the Sailorso per-
ceptibly that the great crowd broke into frantic

cheers. Rutilin seemed to tire just a triflein |
the fourth, and when the fifth ended he was |

tightly unsteady because of smashes that he
eceived on the head. shark y’s mouth
eran to bleed at that stage, and in
the sixth round his right eye was split
ean open. All of this damage was
Hone with left-hunders that were shot out
whenever Sharkey came boring in like a bull-
dow. Sharkey was almost finished in the
eighth round. He was knocked down witha
amash on the Jav a moment before the bell and
wasreeling against the ropes when the gong
permitted him to go to his corner. Then Rubin
began to rim lis man with car: andeMfect. He

poured tie smashes into the Sailor's battered |

was blind: d and in consjant
distress, It was i the eleventh (Aat
the crowd thought that S.arkey was tr¢ing
to fight fou! b-cau ehehita'lt low, ButTom
was not doing ansthing intentional anil he
proved that by his fair, gome flehtng jafter |
that point } }

The Sailor was steegering in the thirjeenth

face until be

 

main entrance was that fam gale rity,
known from the Atlantio to the Pacific. Ny.
eyed Mey 5 see er. Conae iy, held o reception
0" ing at 6 o’cloc
had oj flashy sult of she hed cloth, a fat-
poppe erby ang sporved a ly in his button-
ole, He wasin the middle of a hot argument
as to the respective merits of the heavy weig 4
when the doors were opened. Mr. Connolly di
not finish his talk. He simply bowled overa

 

|

policeman and started through the turnstile ,

ho he was. When he was
a howl of anguigh
here,"”” sai

without saying
mngpes he emitte

“You can’t come in
Macias, “until Alec Brown says $0."

“Mr. Brown has said it, me bloomin’ boy,”
ith the erocke y eve, and
that wa enough. Re passed in and took a seat
modestly among the dollar men But that wis
Terey a temporary resting place, for he was
800K in @ DOK us Usual telling bis Lely gb cors all
about the mill (iat was about to take place,

There was nov 1 world of betting at any of the

Secretary

  

retorted the man

places where wagers are usually laid. Sharkey |

ruled favorite at 2 Wo 1, and the price \ as | x-
rect-d to lengthen when the men en‘ered the
ring. Both pugiis's hod rested quietly at their
training quarters during the day, Sharkey
took matters easily at Sheepshead Bay. He
told b.s immediate friencs tha the would ston
Ruhitn in jig time, just as he did in this same
ring tWo yoarsago. The Sailor decl ea that it
made no difference to bm how much Rubhlin
had improved, tle said he would get to Gus
without any great armnount of »xertion and that
when he did it wou d be allover in fact, Shur-
key treated th: Aight is a mere cakewalk acd
paid no heed to the warnings of friends who
triedto tell him that Kubin had developed
intoa dangerous proj odti n

“Tiieked him onee witha punch,” said Thomas
toasus man, “andl tdoit again, Assoon as

the fieht starts Vil wo in like a whirlwind ard ,

DME Ose ae eee
oe
gs
oe
2

Ruhliy will bave no tine t) Ui about scienutle
mincuvers. tie's big, trong and a good came
feiloy, bul ‘hat cuts no ice with me.”
| Ruhlin was over at Bath Beach until an hour
| before he was called into the ri lie did not
appeir to be concerned at all .: fact, to his
Tiends he expressed confidence in his ability to
beit (he Sailor no matter what (actics he might
adopt. Rutilin wa. in saperb condition phrsi-
cally and looked the pleture of athietic develop-
ment.

‘| do not fear Sharkey at al!,’ Rublin said,
“When he knocke . me out two years ago | was
inexperienced aud th: blow Was a
wont beat me down to-night in any such way
and I believe that [ will turn the tables with @
method that should prove
elfective.”

It was said that. Ruhlin, acting under the

to let Sharkey do the rushing aid to mect
the Sailor with powerful lef han Its and
hooks. Rublip, according to his mentor, Billy
Madden, had developed » grest left bard «ith
wich he expected to nullify Sharaey's bull-like
advane said possibly jar li. ioto tie lund
nod, But with all tils figuring, there we
condition that the sports did nut overlook
of them put it (his way:

“Rudblin wiil be all right unleas Sharkey rat-
thes aid bewilders hin, with terr fic rushing and
Nugging. Then if he loses hia head he’ | be an
easy bag for Tom to punch at will.’ A imere
fortunes tian

one
One

coniident follower of Ruhl.n's
Ma:den could not be found) The later was
@ sure that Kublin would win that he was
Willing to back his opinion with plenty of cash,
Maden also tald everybody toat his bie iahter
would win and win decisive y. He said (hat

fu Ruhlin be hid ynearthed another heavy-

fluke he!

particu ary |

| with a wide awing, and as

weigh! champion who in time would beat them |

all
At 8:80 o'clock the crowd was {filling in so
stead iy that a big attenduace was inevitable ii
seemed, There were 3,000 people on hand ten
aud mostof tiem bad tueir coats off, ior it
wasra,id) growing warm and the air
\ Pe with thetobaceo moke without
rht would seem strange Th sein the
| borhood of the ring were soon kicking
through the floor came an odor that
| everybody stand upandswear It seemed as
{f a thousand dead cats were floating in on the
tide which ewashed u! @@minet the pilea apon
which (he build ug stood,

“It's them gigars ye sis smoking,” said a po-
Heeman to whom a wener il appeal was made,
“Putout them cigars But the only reiliei to
be had was in liguting oigura, pipes and cigar-
ettes which sooninade the ainell fade awa Ie
Wa only a temporary reliel, bowever for the
dead cata stayed throughout the evening,

When the boxe. began tg fil up Jolin L,
Bullivan, Jim Corbett, Bob Fitasit mons, Kid
MeCoy, Jos Goddird, Peter Maher, Dal flaw-
kins, Dan Creedon, Jack O'Brien, Fraik Erne,
George MeFadden, Bill blanrahan, Tommy
Weat, Joe Gans and [erry MoGovern were soon

noticed. In nearby seats wore these we |-
| known «individuals: Jim Wakely, George
; Cousidige, Jonn Consiina Hone t John

Kelly, Al Smith, Pong Moore, Tony Pastor,
| Bob Smith, Jim * Kennedy, Patrick

(renah, Jack Adler, Jge Ven ig, Danny Ma ef,

Joekaz Clawson, Sam Doggett, Ike Thompson,
| Mke/Dw er, David Gaideon, Frank Cramer,
De Wolff Hopper, Digby Hell, Frank McK e,
Dick Roche, Jack MgcAuliffe, Frank Lane, Sam
Haris, Jere Dunny, Paddy Sullivan, Charley
Degcon, Davy Jonnson, Alee Smith, Spike Sul-
livan, Jim Ahearn, Assembivinan Ti» Sull van,
Midhae} C, Padden, Ri land Reed, Bert Dasher,
Apriy Walsh, Matty Matthews, Mike Clancys
avd Senator Tim Sullivan,

Juat be ore the preliminary flaht was put o}
| FHublin made his way through the alge an

was
whieh a@
neighe
Up

ad vice of Corbett and other experta, ad planned
'

inssed the ring He was cordially received
Mhen came Champion Jim Jeffries, hardiy no-

ficed, vith hisleftarmin a plister cast. Jeff

| pad to wa k all the way around the ring before

he could find hie seat. There was no demon-
stration becanse the preliminary was being an-
nounced ar the time

} “ltsy’ Ryan of Brookiyn, heralded as a

|) world-beater, was pitte. against Kuck Farley,

{ also of Grovklyn, in a twelve-r und bout at 126
1 unds John White was the referee and doe
Bunn waa the officia timekeeper Farley waa
no mwaichfor Ryan and was virtually knoaked
{ out inthe fourth round afier behod putupa

and fourteenth rounds and could) have | piieky byt hopeless argument

been knocked out clean if Rublin | There were neirly 5,000 nectators in the

had been able to hit like | Fitg- | house when this affair ended, but there was
a ; bi litde or no betting. Sharkey was con idered

simmons or Sharkey himself, at sat by the talent a sure winner and ver. few of

that the blows land d by Kuhlin apes jo
slowly a p the strenct! of the big Sailor|/ and jjo
hek pt driving them in until Sharkey qf’ help-
less to the canvas tor the last time !
Sharkey's gameness was the one re(leeming
feature of his performance, He wa nyt in fhe
shupe he displayed against Jeffries, b4}t thal is
not an excuse for him He fought with
poor judgment, p id little orno atthtion to
the instru tions of his secdn is, and | sooy as
he found that Kuhlin could hit bh maln pet when
ee

and where he pleas d, Tojn lost his ad j~and
putnoa very amateurt-hargument, {fThe fleht
it-elf was one of the most desperate {ver heen
{n the Kast |

No tine was ‘ostin loo/ ing eloss tajRics prin
spriniin, around the {jpg The ofpn si/oply
stood up and slueged until onefjof them

dropped, There way some rou phen at
times, but considering) /he fast pad] thal) was
excusable. Afier tae f ght Sharkey{, fach was
so severely punehe lu) that his rif did not
know him Ruhblin, t/ rrinea swellf g over the
nose, had no marks, 4 id will be ar find to-day

to receive congratuly joos }
hubiin tm w tight to afpther battle
whom he

‘

Nas

 
   
  
  
 
  

with Chamyion Affries, with
has already fou/at a twenty-/pund draw,
Ruhlin would alf, draw a crow]} ina go with

} is entitled
Astent train-
e has made
ly art. Shar-
ft like nearly
robably want

Fitzsimmons of? Corbett. H
to the highes) praise for pe
ing and for fie improvement
through diligg it study of the m
key is out of # /for the present,
all defeated jugilists he will
another chay Se at his oonquer

Ruhlio’s tr Amph wasa facer, or the wise men
who like to 7, ck winners of figAts. At one time
the bettin, yeas 100 to 40/nd even 100 to 85
egainst him’? with few takgs A pile of money
Was lost on Ae propositiog ‘that Ruhlin would
Not go tet rounds. Thu/result only goea to
show that | ehters, like Jace horses, sometimes
€0 wrong,| \nd Sharkew/to-cay is likened unw
@ thorough ired beaten J/om the flag.

The doy & were opefjed at 7:30 o'clock, but
there was not the usvAl rush seen at more
important\fights. Thj/ fact that it cost only a
single dollar to get on 7) the bia bleacheries was
& magnet in itself j/and the entran es to
these vantage points/were much more popu-
lar than the portaladeading to tle expensive
reserved and box #ja'is. Still there was @
Stampede, and the jlanagement at first was
somewhat dismayed Ieeause it had expected an
early influx of enthug sts. Over at Conen’sand
other neghooring /esorts there was a large
Gathering of the tal #it, Including the turf ele-
nieat, which came lqisurely over from Sheeps-
head Bay. With Un/je men there was no hurry
to getinto the buildD\g, because most of them

eld coupons for reserved chairs. So they sat
outdoors eating dinner and discussing the
Prospective battle of heavyweighta while a
crowd of gaping deadheads stood by and
lL oked on

While the crowd waited outsid» there was
plenatyof fun. Not far away from the main
eotran @ a barker yelled incessantly to the
sports tolook into a cage ani see a real wild
man The elanking of chains and delirious
shrieks from the interior of the cage attracted
many oO the curious and when they iooked ia
they sawaman wearing a two-horned wig ant
showing asetofion: jagged teeth The wild
man's hody was covered with tatroo marks and
he Wore a white bearskin shirt which must
ave been warm. As the sports peered at him,

wildone shrieked some more, clanked his
evins and shook the bars of the cage with a

flere

; He ought tobe matched against Joe Wak
't,” suid one of the sports, “I'd bet he
) idn't lista minute in front of the ‘Giant-

  
  

 

erly

“i kin liek yon,” howled the wild man to the

ot ond ‘there would have been serious
UVouble, no doubt, if the “keeper” bad not tn-
wdiitely acted the role of peacem ker.

The first man to pass the turnsiiles-at the

 

the wise men were willing \ take a chance on
Ruhlin, even at tempting odds

As the big fellow. were slow in getting ready,
and the crowd, which was rapidly swelling
snowed impatienoe, the management daided
to put on another fioliminnty between Kid
Thomas and Sam Bolen, stable companions,
who were to gv six rounds at catoh weights.
They undoubtedly had an understanding and
did not hit at all with closed gloves, Aitogether
it wasa@ clever set-to, and served to amuse a
majogity of the crowd, which now footed up
more than six thousand, Bolen gotthe decision.

It, was not long afterward when Sharkey
appbared with his seconds. Tom O'Rourke,
George Dixonand Jack Sullivan, The Sailor
wolfe a’ ink breech-clout with a green belt and
an) \merican flag attached He was well
reopived, but not so entiusiastically as Ruli-
lin) who followed promptly with Jim Corbett,
Billy Madden, Charley Goff and Homer Selby
Ruhiin wore a simple white breech-clout, Both
ware powerfully put together, Ruhlin haying
advantage in height, reach and weight. They
tojsed for chairs and pean was compelled
to take what is known as the "Tosing C rper."’
Ruhiin satin the chair occupied by Jeffries in
al) his battles at this olub for the championship.

Both men wore bandages on their hands. As
they drew on a new set of goves offers of 10 to
4 on Sharkey were made around the ring with
fdw takers. The condition. of the fight were
twenty-flva rounds at catchweights Ruhlio
weighed 108, he said, although he looked to te

aver 200. Sharkey said he was not over 1865,
Straight ucensberry rules prevailed. They
shook . ands at 10:15 o'clock,

First Round—Ruhiin shifted around with his
et as Sharkey began with a spe -dy alvanee,
Sharkey rushed his man to. clinch and on the

break chased Ruhiio into another The
Sailor lowered his head and swing heav-
fly to the body, but. Ruhiin, dancing
way, put in a sharp left to the face.
Sharkey let up _ with his rushing for a
mooment, but as Ruhiin was pot anxious to fo
to him, Tom went in again with swings. Ruhiin

met him with a corking lefton the mouth and
Sharkey was visibly jarred. But the Saior
only laughd and went in again with hard
boring tactics, Rublin jabbing hin in the face
wit! @ heavy left. There was something the
matter with the bell and the timekeeper had
to yeli (0 the men to stop,

Second Round -Sharkey rushed at onoe but
Ruiitu clinched. Sharkey tried another rush
but misse’ his swings and Ruhlin shook him off
at will Ruhblin. put a solid leftin the mouth
Sharkey rushed again and put . left over that

razed the jaw  Ruhlin was careful and used
ris left with good effect unti. he had Shark -y in
a corner, where lon: was stagcered with the
right. Ruhiin then met a blind rush witha terri-
fle left othe mouth Sharkey st od «till and
sparred. Rehiin then went to him ant both
end d fear/ul stnashesin tae body and on the

ead, It was Ruhlin’s round.

Toird Round—Sharkey rushed at once and
Ruhlin began to rouch Ton looked appeatinels
at the referee They mixed it unt’ Ruhlin
stoodaway. AsSh rkey followed witha hard,
head-down rush, Rublin uppereut_him in the
stomach and brought a etineh, Ruhbn met
anot er rsh with leftsinthe face and also
staggered Tom with the right Sharkey
squatted down on one kiee with his back
turned, but wak not groagy, When he got up
Ruhlin hooked him on the jaw with left and
right and Sharkey's legs began to wabble
Shurkey wos as slow as mola ses and Rublin
began tolauebh iusvead of wearlog the serious
look that was apparent bef. re this stare

Fourth Round—Sharkey rushed as soon as he
got up from nis chair. Ruhiin ducked away
from a grat swing and clinch d as fom drove

him to the ropes, Siuarkey stood up with hands
working sowly while Ruhlin whipped a left to
the stomach, Rublin then put another left
on the jaw and Sharkey, bounding off the
roves, bad to clinch to escape a heavy right
Sharkey “as slow or amoinent, but he soon

cut loose a le't that grazed the jaw. R_ bliin
worke i his left some we With effeet, wut
Sharkey drove the leit into the stomach and
woen the beil rong Ruhlin was beginning to
look tired

kitth Round Sharkey jumped tn with aright
in the stomach and a left ok on the neek,
Ruhlin clinched andas they got clear Sharkey
werntto him ovain with alefi in the body, at the
on the

Satie tine rec iving o! counter
mouth Ruhl: jabbed the face with lefts, but
Shurkey rushed him to the ropes and

hammered him hard onthe body. Ruhlin then
yiti: nine j.bs and Sharxey’s mouth bewan to
nleed. Tom did not mind and with terrific
awl gshe oon had Ruhbli. shaky. They cot
clinched and the crowd yelled “ioul.”” As the

made |

Sn

THE

bell was aboutito ring 8 reached th \
Rid Rahn sugeor to hie er. Doth ivere

xth Round—Ruhlin avoideda rush and put
a left on the righteye, which sp.itit for a
stream of blood. Sharkey was a tiger then and

 

ushed in with fearful swi which put
ublin on the defensive. The wot_ int
a flerce mix-up, ™! which  Rubiin |

held his own, He staggered Sharkey with more |
lefts and also driving Wwe right tothe body had

the Sailor guessing, Ruhiin covered his man’s |
face with olood and by shooting in more aharp

ett. he had Tom bewildered, Rublin finished
the steadier, but Sharkey Was laughing when he
gat down,

Seventh Round -Sharkey dashed in with a
fleroe left that missed the point of the jaw by
an inoh. Ruhlin met another rush with agreat
leit and then they fell to hugging. Sharkey was
alow in comparison with the Akron Giint end
seemed tob: uzzled. Kublin av id-d his har
rushes nicely and also did agreat deal of effeciive
blocking. Gus never fatled t) use his lett 1, the
face. bul th’ biows failed to k ep the Sallor off.
Soon Kuhblin, with left and right well placed on j
the head, had Sharkey wabbling again and also
clinching. Sharsey was fighting ru@hly apd
wildly in the last rainut:, white Rublin kent his
prad and seained to be filled with ever-increas- |

ne conlidence,

Ligh h Round—Ruhlin sneaked the right over
the head os Sharkey boredin. Tom rushed
with right and lef: swings, Dut they wore short
of the proper marks  Snarkey continued his
rushing tactile and as they roughed it
near the ropes there was another ery “foul,
Ruhlt) put ina coupleot lefts that cut the right
eye badiy again, and Sharkey Was jo sine
troudic, Sull he rushed like a wild bull, swing-
ine and roughing, wolle Roblin smashed him
again wid wainin the face. Ruoilin dnally got
& terriic right over on the jaw and Sharkey |
gunk down. The bell saved him, and he tot- |
tered to his corner

Ninth Kound--Sharkey began with the same
old rush Kuhlin was in no hurry, put as
Sharkey still rushed he met him with le tg.and }
also got th: right over to the nck. Then ,
fublin putin leftand right straight to the face
and Tom reele He steadied binself and ,
rivpeda feariul raht over which Ru) itn codged
They got into a rapid exchinge and then a long |
clinch. Sharkey rushed in vain as Ruhlip
@ither sidestepped or clinched. It was «ive and
take after that, ans Ruhlin putin « tremendous
body blow that inade Tom wince,  Rublin
worked his left again on the eye, and when the
bell sounded th: v were easing up

Tenth Round—Rutlin met arush with a left
on the eye and Sharkey, catching him around

the neck, dragged him back to the ropes.
Sharkey juinped in with a left ip
the stomach, andas hetried it again hiin

ducked into the blow. Sharkey was now rushing
wit! allot his former power, but his blows were
wild) Rubin on toe other hand belted him io
the face wiih hard lefta and Sharkey Was un-
unt] Ruh-

steady, Btill the Sailor was comin
lin ut a rient to the body anda left to the
neck Sharkey -topped a moment, but finished

the round \ ith still ancther dish
Fieventh Round Sharkey seemed to be re-
covering rapidly as he came up. He jugiped in
ublin rapped him
in the face wtth more

stinging ah om
elinc ed Ruilin teok_a chance with the right
andgolittotheear Sharkey camer ght alter
him, however, but Ruhlin escaped by breaking
ground. Ruhlin was finally cornered and
ssarkey -Jugged away uptilelinched, Sharkey
soo. tiredand Ruhit., with a quick smash op
the jaw, made him stagger. Sharkey pit ratber
low, bit not too low tocount afoul. Tom's eye
and nose were bleeding when he sat down,
Bu lin pad pe n qrne ny oh

Twelfth. Roun nhjin me e@ ligugl rr

withastiff uppercut in the RB eg BS
then jabbed Sharkey guickly in the face for
shifted around the edxe

 

more blood and the:

of the ring, landing as he moved. Sharkey was
slow and lumbesing. He wes warned for
roughing in clinch, Then be aimed a tree

mendous right forth: Jaw and nearly got there
Tt was a dangerous punch and Rublin knew it
Gus stood off after What and contented bimeelf
with lefts inthe dumaged face which were a
echt when Sharkey’s seconds took hold of
him
Thirteenth Round—Ruhlin danced away from
arush and both grinned Ruhlin put dn haifa
dozen facers and Sh orkey clinched. Tom cut
loose after that and Ruhlin was worried with a
gmosh on ‘the neck. They got into a terrific ox-
chang of awings, but Ruhiln backed out of tt
and fought atlong range until Sharkey forced
him to mix it im another desperate rally. Ruh-
fin had piany openings but bis blows lacked the
ower to put hts man to sleep, As Sharkev's
lows were wabbling again toward the end the
crowd urged Ruolin to tuish bum but he
couldn't seem to do it, s
Fourteenth Round —®harkey’s wonderful
recuperative powers wee helping him every
tume h me up. He ran out of his corner this
time and launched a right forthe jaw tat Ruh-
lin blocked) Gus then pe: pered him tn the face
with both hands and als) shot ita pulich ov the
break-away against widch Sharkey protested
tot.ereferee. Rubhlin continued (o put in the
uncles until Sharkey was stug@ering and
tugging but even in that conditton the Sailor
ras able to awing terrific fig te for the head
Ruhl wascarefyl and with more tapers be
iteraily fought Sharkey to a standstil! }
pee was indiatress at the bet! and Ruhiin
voked lke a winner
Fifteenth Round
up Ruhlin began ponrin
Sharkev's right eve was closed and his left ear
was puffed to twice its natural size. Ruhiin
od away as Sharcey walloped him on the
faa but Tom could not follow, Ruhlin then |
rusbed and caught Sharker onthe faw witha
beautiful riaht hand swing. The blow stag- |
gered the Sailor, andacou le more that came |
straight w Spe mark knocked him down,
Sharkey would not wait for a full oount from |
be referee, but stagver dtolis feet Hie was |
lind d with blood, but was game and |
willing As he swun@ wildly for his
big antagonist, Ruhin shot a left to |
the ebin and f llowed with a wrest inaide smash |
|

eS

 

As soon as Sharkey camo
in the face blows

with the ment. Down went Sharkey like
a wounded lion, But he was up in time
roping heiple sly. He was ot able to
blow that could hurt, and ‘further-
more he was unable to stand up astead{

enough to get witiin range Rublin danced
around him with coolness and threw in more
mashes. They made Sharkey mel likea tan
a igeed and soon he "h for the fourth time.

ut a

As he did so he vaught Rubiin around the leg,
but Gus got free and writed for him to
arise’ Tom took the full count this time, When
pe was up he alinost (otared over backward
uhlin was after himand landed biows upon
his face with no mercy. Sharkey tell for the
fifth time and the back of his head struck
the floor with a crash, He hoked
to be out, but as the referee began to count
Sharkey rolled over and began to climb to his
feet Ashefinall stooder:ct he waa the plo
ture of helplessness. His bands shivered con-
vulsively, and he moved his feet with diMficulty,
Ruhiin then simply battered him to plece- with
rapid smashes, all of which went {into his face.
Shurkey tried to clinch, but he was b-aten off,
Then like the dying gladiator he slowly sank to
his knees He was still moving his hands
mechanteally, but that was all. With @ great
heave of the chest and a qroap that
could be heard at the ring side Sharkey
fell over on his face. The blood was pouring
out of his mouth, nose andeye. Still there waa
a move by the Sallorto getup. It was lmnos-
sible, however, and as the Saflor was beaten
beyond the question of 4 doubt, Referee
Johnny White Interfered and called Ruhlin the
winn tf
Immediately there was a great shout and
hats were thrown in the air Corbett leanad
{nto the ring and hugged Ruhlin. Sodid Mad-
a dozen others. Rublin was tickled to
death but he did not turn away
from the beaten Sailor who was in
his chair pepotioely out. The Akron Giant
went over to bimandshook him by the hand
Svarkey, who was re overing, smiled feintly
anit ven collapsed Ruhlin waa escorted fr
he ring by his friends, whfle hundreds crowded
orward to inspect te Sailor. Sharkey was
goon brought into shape to walk and left the
ring with extreme diMeuity. He was badly
whipped but his gamenesa made a host of
friends for him.
2 minutes 55 secon
Whenthe fighters arrived at their dressing
rooms they were at once besteged by an army
of friends and well-wishere Ruhblin was as
chipper asa kitten, while Sharkey still showed
signs of distress As soon as the victor reached
his quarters bis seconds gave him a thorough
Pabelawn With the exception of a few bruises
body, the ‘Akron Giant" looked as
Purkish
tll inquiring sports to

den and

The time of the round was

on his
though he had just emerged from a
bath Rublin_ raferred
his manager, Billy Madden. The latter said

“tt was justas T predicted. Ruhlin won with
a knock-out. No man is invulnerable from

a blow on the jaw, Ruhlin gave it to
Sharkey and he went down like all the
rest of them. (ius will now try and secure
a battle with Jim Jeffries for the

the world. He is justly en- |
it in view of the fact thathe fougit |
everal vearsaso. Ruhiin |
hown that

champlonship of
titled t
hiro a draw in 'Friseo
was a novice then and he has sir ee

 

Division of Labor in the Kitchen.

Adam Smith made a classic demonstration in
political eeonomy that itis the division of labor
in modern industry which enables the product
to be so vastly multiplied But the principle
extends to many thinga besides manufactur-

ing When ver youcan get ridof some proe-
ess of labor which it was once thought neces-
sary you should perform yourself, but which is

 
  

 

 

 
    

it last discovered vou can legate to another
you tre atence inthe was saving time and
effort, and jnecreasing ease and convenience
Take the provien of household cooking. Since
the days of spite and Duteh ovens this has been
wonderfully simpli ftted, but how complicated
and onerous itstilis in ost .itehen«! There

the carrying of coal and ashes, the Jong

 

i
fiving-up, the anxious t sting of oven tosee if
itis hotenough, the bother and waste of buy-
ing and s.oring coal and kindling. Now most
done away withata suroke by the in-
troduction of the gas range. On the principle

of the divisio labor, it leaves it to the caus |
company to do all the ‘manual labor of trans- |
porting coal a ‘dashes, gives the cook nothing |
to do, out to use toe fuel in its purest and most

effective form, asit ix delivered to herin her

ki chen, and give all her mind to actual cook-

ing itis asiecesstul application of the divi- |
sion of labor and comestic life. And the best
of itis that the new way is actually cheaper
eee the old cumbrous and tiresome way.—

dv,

of thia is

 

A

‘SUN, WEDNESDAY, JUNE

r se o

be can fight. I must teke my hat off to
harkey. @ is certainly a game man.

Kuhiin when induced to speak said: “Sharke:
is a ouch cus omer, but | got there all right.

Was never more confident in my life than I was |

to-night.

m eutived to first consideration with Jetlries

am ready to box him {thin a month's time,

Jim Corbett, who was in the room ut the time,
was very much elated over Ruhlin’s victory.
He said:

“Why, I had no doubt of the outcome from
the start. Gus and planned the way
r battle would go. Months back when

told the people that Rublin was @
champion they laughed at ine, Vhy,
Gus, who is young and vigorous, can
hit like a pile-driver, and he isua clever as
ag make them. Sharkey took quite a beat-
ng and lam sorry for him. Rut thatis one of
the fortunes of war. If Ruhlin ever meets
Jeffries he will conquer him without a doubt.

If Jeffries does not take on Gus he can have me. |
Let hiin take th: pick of the Corbett stable, |
| he told ghe police all about the incident.

Gus or myself.”

Ruhlin will go to Boston next week, He made
arringements to apar in that city for @ week.
Alt r the fight he went to his home in Brooklyn

Sharkey was placed ona couch by his seconds
whe: he got to his room. When he stripped he
ge -ined to be very gore all over his body. His
face wasasicht. Both of his eyes were closed,
his lips were twice their normal size
and little knobs dotted his countenance here
andthere. There were deep gases under the
cheek bones, too. A bogether the burly sailor
looked as if he bad passed through a
threshing machine. It was with considerable
cifficuity that Sharkey could find his tongue.
When he did speak his remarks were scarcely
audible or coherent. He finally said:

‘My left shoulder blade went back on mei
the early part of the struggle and I ooul
scarcely hold my hands up. I injured
this shoulder, you. know, {n my contest
with Jeffries and 1 thought f' had
healed. But, unfortunately, the old trouble
returned. But | am getting away from
what I want to say and that is Ruhlin is a
wonder. He did more to me than either Jef-
fries, MoCoy or Corbett could do and he de-
ierves all that is coming tohim. But I should

ike to megt him again us soon as my shoulder
gets well,’

“What chanoe would Ruhlin have against
Jeffries?" the reporter asked

“A mighty good one, I can tell you,” an-
ewered the former tar. “He js as hard a
puncher as ever cane over the hills and {s quite
clever, too. hia is the first time | was ever
knooked out, and_] must pay my respects to the
man who didit. Tam golng to take a rest now
for several months. As soon as my shoulder is
all right | will endeavor to induce him to meet
me again.”

 

BARON DE HIRSCH FUND SUED.

 

Arthur Alleges Breach of Contract te Fill Up
His New Orange Houses,

James Arthur, a Philadelphia contractor,
bronght sult yesterday in the United States
Circult Court against the Baron De Hirsch
Fund for $70,000 for alleged breach of contract,
Arthur’s complaint alleges that the corporation
contracted with him for the erection of a hun-
dred dwelling houses at New Orange, N. J.,
to house a Hebrew farming communfty.
He saya they agreed to furnish purchasers for
the hundred dwellings or seoure tenants whose
rent they would guarantee. According to
Arthur they have done nelther.

Henry Rice, one of the Board of Directors
of the Baron de Hirech Fund, when seen at his
home last night, said:

“IT cannot underetand what grounds Arthur
pes for a suit against us. About a year ago

e came to us and told ue that he was building

lot of houses at New Orange. He sald that

e needed money and we lent him $70,000 at

low rate of interest and took a mortgage on
the Rouse to protect onreelves. After that,
we fhought that it would be a good scheme
to send Kussian Jews mare I think about
gpry or fifty houses have been occupied I

o not know whether they are rented from
Arihur or whether they have been sold by him.
But there was no contract between us by which
we were either to rent or sell his houses for him
A short ime ago, Arthur came to us and wanted

ore money. We refused to lend it to him

ut afterward we thought that the rest of the
ouses night not be built if Arthur was cramped
for money, and as we did not want to see the
cheme fall through we sent for him and offered
1im $10,000 more at the same rate of interest.
He refused to tape it, Saying that so small a
sum would be of no use to him. That's all
that happened between him and us and I can't
see for the life of me any ground for a sult.”

 

DR. TIMBY AND THE TURRET.

 

The Patriotic League of the Revolution Takes
Up His Claim to the Invention,

The Patriotic League of the Revolution
held a meeting last night at the house of the
President, Mrs. Virginia Chandler Titoomb
at 101 Lafayette avenue, Brooklyn. Nearly a
hunured members were present. The especial
matter of interest discussed was the clatm of
Dr. Theodore L. Timby to the honor of being
the inventor of the Monitor type of vessels.
Dr. Timby has been Mrs. Titcomb’s quest tor
a couple of weeks wl

Mrs. Titcomb explained that the League bad
taken up the Monitor matter in the intarest of
trith and with the special purpose of having
an historical inaceauracy corrected. Dr. Time
by, she asserted, had documents nowt that
as early as 1%43 he filed in the Patent Office at
Washington acaveat, covering *he princlple of a
revolving turret to be used for vessels or for
a land fortification. When the war broke out
pr. Timby went to Washington and took out
hia patent under which the Monitor and two
other similar vessels were built, Ericsson being
simpy the engineer who had charge of the
construction of the Monitor, she said.

Dr. Timby. made a long statement in sub-
atantiation of his claim, fortifying his conten
tions with letters from Admiral Porter, Gen,
Roaecrans, Admiral Tce, John Winslow,
John L. Warden, Gen. Slocum. Gen. Belknap and
others

Gen. Benjamin F. Tracy in a review of the
controversy said that while Fricason invented
the Monitor, Dr. Timby was clearly entitled
to the invention of the turrets, and that the
credit long due should be given him.

 

POLL TAXES DEDUCTED,

Boston Puts Her Finger in the Pay Envelopes
of City Employees,

Boston, Mass. June 26.—While the city ts
a little backward tn paying the employees of
the municipal printing plant owing to the ex-
haustion of the appropriation, some of these
men and many in other efty departments have
been delinquent in the payment of their poll

taxes. Some time ago, Mayor Hart notified
all heads of departinents that unpaid poll taxes
must be deducted from the wages of em-
ployees in arrears, Last week the city owed
the printing plant men four weeks pay and
they were told that they would receive wages
for one week, But when the men came for
their envelopes they found that the amount
they owed for poll taxes had been deducted.
The tax of 82 in the cases of some of the men
had not been paid for five years, and aa the
law allows {ft to be collected when possible | or
that period back they found that $10 had been
retained. One man found that when the
amount he owed had bow, taken out he had
Just 35 cents coming to him. The sealer of
weights and measures’ department waa the
one most effected by Mayor tlart'’s new rule.
It has been found that a large percentage of
city employees, although very active in poll-
tics, have always fought shy of paying poll
taxes.

EXCESS FARE TO NEW YORK.

Roads From Chicago to This City Trying to
Beat a Recent Harmony Agreement.

 

 

Cnricaco, June 26.--One of the eastern rail-
roads is pursuing a simple method of saving
to its patrons the excess fare which should
be paid on its fastest trains. The excess fare
rule applies only to through passengers bhe-
tween New York and Chicago. The ticket
agent of this road sunplies persons going to
New York with two tickets, one from Chicago
to Harnmond, Ind, and another from that
town to New York. Both tickets are furnished
at the regular Chicago-New York rate

This the first scheme tried to evade the ex.
fare rule, but others will undoubtedly

cess
be devised. The roads running trains be-
tween this city and New York in less than

twenty-eicht hours have already had evidence
that they cannot charge excess fare and keep
their trade. The roads not charging excess
rare are making great gains in passenger traf-
fice, and the roads demanding excess fare are
losing business.

 

WILD WEST SHOW PILFERER.

Starr L, Pixley Arrested for Stealing Tickets
From Col, Cody and Selling Them Cheap,

New HAVEN, Jute 26—-On complaint of
Jule Keene, General Manager of Buffalo Bill's
Vild Wet Show, which was here to-day, Starr
L. Pixley, aged 35 vears, of New York city,
was arre ted here to-nizht charced with steal-
ing tickets. from the Wild West Company
George W Morrelland Herman J Leonard, both
young men and frou: New York city, were also
locked up 18 accomplices of Pixley ‘The latter
in hi. statement to the local detectives enid that
he had been taking tickets dishonestiy at the
rate of 200 a day ior some tine Tt is asserted
by Col Cody's marager that the show’ treas-
ury has lost about $5.00 in six week

The detective. say that Pixley realized 30
cents oneach ticket and the other two 20 cents
between them. Morrell and Leonard are ticket
acalpers, have followed the show for some
time and sold tickets to the public for @ cenw
aplece, the rewuiar price

By knocking Sharkey out I think [|

 

 

SS SSS SSS SSS sss

|

| month ago.

SHEENY MIKE TRIES THE WIRE-
TAPPING GAME ON A NEW CHUM.

 

Mr. Tappen, Who Taps the Wires, and Mr,
Mike, Who's Just Back From «@ Trans-
atlantic Expedition, Yanked Expeditiously
Int» Quod by the Glad Tenderloin Police,
Max Cohen, also known as “Sheeny Mike,”

confidence man, was locked up in the Tender-

loin police station last night after he had spent

| his own money freely all the afternoon, play-

ing the part of a gracious host as a preliminary
to getting $1,000 of another man’s money. He
got a glimpse of the $1,000, but the other man
was cautious and didn’t let go of it. Instead,

The man picked out by Cohen is lodging at
the Waldorf-Astoria. He said that he was

| Stephen Coleman, of 250 West Thirty-sixth

Coleman came from London about a
Sheeny Mike was a passenger on
the same steamship and introduced himself
as Max Cohen, merchant and traveller. Daily

Street.

| bets on the ship's runs, always won by Mike,

developed the acquaintance, and when the
ship reached port the two men said good-by
© each other, with rea] regret on Cohen's part,

They met again a few days ago in the corridor
of the Waldorf-Astoria.

“Hello, old man,” said Sheeny Mike, grabbing
Coleman’s hand, “I'm glad I’ve met you to
tell you of my run of luck, I’ve been picking
money up in Wall Street ever since I landed
there's enough for both of ws. 7 ae

Cole:nan intimated that he would not object
to finding money, and an appointment wag
made for yesterday afternoon at the Parker
House, Broadway and Thirty-ninth street,

Cohen got there first and began to ordeg
Wine as soon as Coleman appeared. Then he
told Coleman the old, old story of the tap
wires, advance information on the races ani
a dead sure thing in beating the poolrooms,

Sheeny Mike's pal sauntered in at the right
moment, "

“Hello, Tappen,” said Cohen to the new-

comer, “Tappen, this is my friend, Mr. Ste=
yhen Coleman. Mr. Coleman, Mr. Charlee
‘appen, He taps the wires and operates our
une.

Mike bought more wine and the three men
examined the ticker for race newa Ta
excused himself and sald that he was going
out for information on the second race. He
returned in a few minut and exclaime
“It's all right, but_hurry and get your mon
down on Telamon.”

The capper of the game then brea'
leesly an asked tt he was too late 8 get his
money down.

“Just in time,” satd Tappen. “It’s Tela-

mo}

n@ capper, whom Sheeny Mike forgot
to introduce tn the exctterent of the moments
pulled out $1,000 and handed the money to
Tappen. Cohen did the sume thing and then
asked Coleman {ff he wanted to get in. Cole-
man took out two $500 bills, looked a!
them for an instant and then said he gu
he would wait for the next race. ‘appe
Tran out with the Property eenbacks that
the other men had produced and while wait-
ing for him to return Sheeny Mike spent more
money for wine h

Ten minutes r VPappen rety
large bundles of bills, which he divided aquedle
between Sheeny Mike and the capper, and
then announced that no time must 4 lost in
etting the money down for the next race,
neldentally he said that the race had been
run and that Knight of the Garter was the hor:
to bet on. Cohen and the cap eac! ay

another $1,000 Coleman took out °
$500 “bills, looked at them longer th
before and then said he guessed he would wait

until another
tlemen for their
to share their

y. After thanking the gen-
wine and their willingness
good fortune with he went

away.
He told some friends at the hotel how
had spent the afternoon and they ase be
{m that he had had a narrow éscape and that
¢ should tell the police. Coleman went to
e West Thirtieth street station an nade
A complaint Detectives Lockwood and 6G)
non were sent out to arrest Cohen, Tap
and the capper. They found Cohen and locke
him up and later they got Tappen. The police
say that Tappen is the man who robbed May
West of a diamond necklace in 1897 at 270 West
Fortieth street.

ene

 

DENOUNCES BANKRUPTCY LAW.

 

Jadge Baker of the Federal Court Says Ite
Parpose Is to Favor Scoundrels.

INDIANAPOLE, June 26.——Judge Baker, of the
United States Court, to-day discharged in bank-
ruptcy Grant E. Stephenson of Madison county,
under the Bankruptcy law. The discharge was
objected to by the Page Woven Wire Fence
Company. The case was heard by referee in

penkruptoy and Judge Baker sald in making
e ruling

“The court agrees with the referee that the
testimony taken shows an amount of crooked-
ness, fraudulent conduct and want of morality
in the bankrupt’s dealings with the objecting
creditor, which indicated a degree of depravity
and a lack of common honesty which the Court
believes to be quite exceptio The Bank-
ruptey act was not framed for the purpose of pre-
venting scoundrels and swindlers from obtain-
ing a discharae in bankruptcy. On the oon-
trary it seems to have been framed with the
studious purpose to favor the scoundrel and
the swindler.”

 

Fight Bulletins Excited His Fighting Blood.

David Goodrich, an awning maker of 148
Heyward atreet, Brooklyn, drovea truck into
the crowd watching the bulletins of the
Sharkey-Ruhlin fight in Printing House Square
last night. The police told Goodrich to drive
on but he wouldn't When they tried to ar-

rest him he fought them. The officers had to

send to the Bridge entrance for more cops and

four of five climbed on the tru-k and wrestled

with Goodrich. They were fiften minutes get-

ting him to the ground, Then they arrested
m.

Tog Fireman Wanted for Killing O'Leary.

Edward J. O'Leary, who was found uncon-
scious in a vacant lot at Lincoln avenue and the
Harlem River on Sunday night, died in Harlem
Hospital last night. Frank Quigley and Lans-

ing Lillie have heen arrested as witnesses,
They say that on Sunday night James Murphy,
enafoeer of the tug Seth Chapman, hit O'Leary
on the head with a shovel in theoummer arden
inthe rear ofaaa'oon at 486 Southern Boule-
vard) Murphy escaped and Quigley carried
O'Leary to the vacant lot and left him there

~ SO AP— l
The New Skin Purifier.

Made from the fresh, green leaves
of the

 

 

Tasmanian Blue Gum Tree.

A RADICAL CHANGE
from the Old Methods of

MAKING TOILET SOAPS,

HYOMEI SOAP is a constant source
of delight to those who enjoy a elean,
healthy skin and acooling, healing and
refreshing toilet article.

The fact that it is the only soap
made without fats, grease, oil and
harsh alkali is in itself a most pleasing
thought, for no matter how highly,
perfumed or expensive a BoOap you nay
have, the fact remains that the pores
are constantly being filled with grease,
fats and oils and the skin dried and
roughened by thealkali. Imagine then
what a delightful change it inust be to
have at your command a soap free from
these ingredients, and made from the
fragrant green leaves of the Tasmanian
Blue Gu Tree, nature's own skin puri-
filer. Hyomel Soap is a revelation to
all soap users.

Sold by ali druggists or sent by mail.
Price, 25 cents, Sample cake, 5 cents,

THER. T. BOOTH CO,, Ithaca, N. Y,

oe bree

aaah aie 3

Pad be aly ge

 

A package of crackers, biscuit
or wafers bearing this seal

 

will keep crisp and fresh
for the longest time

 

on the highest shelf’
of the smallest store

. j
‘ ¥
Zn x |
,
. '

in the dampest kifid
of weather.

every!

 

t, MNk Biscuit, Butter Crashers, Baltints

Ban-
Graha' Oat: 1 It,
Walon tbo laeroe! Patent Pickaght

Used only by NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

 

CHARGED WITH MURDERING FOUR. | COPS AFTER TENDERLOIN MAGHERS.

 

Papers tn a Lawsuit Declare That Dale Killed
His Wife and Three of Her Relatives.

RUSHVILLE, Ind, Jane 26.—A suit charging
Charies H. Dale with the murder of Edward
Fraree, his brother-in-law, Mrs. Benjamin
Frazee, his mother-in-law, Benfamin Frazee,
his father-indaw and Mrs, Laura Dale, his wife,
was filed in the Circuit Court to-day by John
H. Frazee, Mrs. Madaline Clarke and Mrs. Eller
Numes. The plaintiffs allege that by means
of poisonous drugs and gases, Dale disposed
of the four persons with a view of inheriting
pare of Benjamin Frazee’s estate. Thesuit is

rought in the form of aniaction to quit the
praintid « title to see 440_ acres of land in

oble township owned by Dale and formerly
owned br the Frazee estate.

Edward Pragee the first of the Frazee family
topass away die in March 1896. Mre, Benjamin
Frazee died in May following and Mr. Frazee
in June of the same year. Mrs. Dale died in
March 1897,

On the death of Benjamin Frazee, his estate
conststingof 2,190 acres of fan » Was partitioned
among hia four eurviving children, Mrs. Dale

receiving 440 acres, On the death of Mrs.
Dale, Charles H, Dale tnherited her interest
in the estate, The plaintiffs charge that in

view of the murderons acts Dale is pot entitled
to the possession of the property. t is recited
in the complaint that C. BH. Dale conveyed his
real estate to his brother, O. M. Dale on May
81, 19), for mo real consideration and
O.M. Dale is made co-defendant in the action,

al 8 whereabouts are unknown. The deed
transferring his property was executed in
Chicago, he suit has caused a commotion
Dale being connected with one of the leadin
petilies of the city. The manner in which
the Frazees died was generally talked about
at the time, but although ealled to the Coroner's
Attentioa, no official notice was taken of the
matter.

 

SOLDIERS LOCKED UP,

 

A Corporal of the 14th Regiment Fined 625
for Disorderly Conduct.

STATE CAMP, PEEKSKILL, N.Y., June 26.—-The
Fourteenth Regiment has had lots of excite-
ment in the pasttwenty-four hours. Following
the example of the Fighth last week, two mem-

bers of the regiment became disorderly, insulted
women and made trouble generally lastevepipg
in Division street, Peekskill. Alderman Hohn
5. Bovd of the Police Committee of the tillage
Council, arrested the men and they were looked
up. When they were arraigned before Judge
Wells this morning they said they were William
Coysh of 478 Bergen street, Brooklyn, Corporal
of Company A, and Harty A. Hanley of 374
Adelpni street, Brooklyn, @ private in the same
company Corporal Coysh wis sentenced to
pay a fine of $25, and not having it was sent to
the county ial for twenty-five days. Private
Hanley was sentenced to five days in the vil-
lage jail, and then sentence was suspended on
condition that he would keep out of Peekskill
The Captain and Lieutenant of C mpany A,
Fourteenth Regiment, went to Peekskill to-
night, hunted ap Indce Wells and paid the fine
of Corporal Coysh, whereupon he was released

 

 

'
EDITORS IN CONVENTION.

New Vork State Press Association Meets at
Brighton Leach.

The forty-fourth annuil convention

New York State Pross Assoclation wa

atthe Brighton Beach Hotel yesterday morn

 

of the

begun

{na There were about one hundred and sixty
members preant. The annual address as
made br President Gerrit S Griswold, editor o

the Rativia Newa§ind H

burn Advertiaer reported on the last nationa
convention of the assoclation, whieli wash id at
New Orieans Papers were afterward read on

the 'Fratornity of the Press," by BoB Herbert

l ofthe National Printer-Journaliat; ‘The Pros |
act for Cheaper Parner by William Collen
iryant of th» Brooklyn Timea: “The Pon.
American Exposition, be RoC) Uillot Puberty,
Buffalo; “Running a Weel Newsparer in a
Daily Tow ‘by Jeremiah Coug ' f the
Watertown Herall, and Cood Roads vRE
Fullerton of the League of Amerioun Wheelmen,

URGED TO HOLD THEIR GRAIN,

Kansas Farmers Told That
tainly Go Higher.

 

Fort Scott, Kan, June 26—-At the instica-
thon of local grain dealers and merehant lo
| are interested in the welfare of Kansas farmers,
Vise

the larmers to refuse to sell tre wheat and

   

| the papers in this part of the State area

flax to the arents of Eastern rn! Anes
are nowinthe S ate con'racting for

while it is bene harvested) The farmers ere
advised to hoid their grain tor higher trices,
which local authorities think are inevitable in
view of the failure of the crops in other States
where they are usually large. The country
here is filled with eager uyers.

}

the @grain

+ aly Bseaited a" ad ele

RR Dy gs tia me

J. Knapp of the Aue

Prices Will Cer-

Silk-Hatted Old Man and Young Man Gathereé
in for Annoying Women.

The Tenderloin detectives varied the mo-
notony of their plain-clothes work last night
by looking for men who were annoying women
instead of arresting women for accosting men
on the street, The first alleged masher was
gothered in at Sixth avenue and Seventeenth
street. The detectives said that they saw
him speaking to passing women and making @
nuisance of himself generally. He described
himself as “Norman I. Halleck, gentleman,
40 years old, of West Fifteenth street.” To

prove that he was a “gentleman” he oad
hat and other features

attention to his sil
his ates. “ a" eats
An hour after this man was ‘ed

liceman Hellman took to the station “a ieee

65 years old, whom he had arrested on the

paint of Maggie Delaney, a servant of 188
i by the arm. This man had white
|
|
|

a long white beard with clean shaven
lip and wore a silk hat, black frook

white lawn tie. He said that be as J
Smith, a dry goods dealer of Roo! eater.
pace didn't believe him They

he opinion that he looked like a min .

ifteenth street, She said that the old
had spoken to her, followed her and tgkge
°

 

PINED FOR STRIKING CENSUS WAN,
Campbell, Jr., Admits He Punched

Enumerator McDonald,

PaTrenson, N. J., June 26.—Alenry G. Campbell
Jr., and Edwin P. Campbell, sons of Henry
G. Campbell, the New York banker who were
charged with disorderly conduct and aseaalt
by F.C. McDonald. a census enumerator,
peared before Recorder Senior this >
larry Campbell entered a plea of
admitted that be had hit MeDonal wits
fist. hdwin had not taken part in the
He denice that the cary bed been
“L would do it avain, Judge,” he jared,
man insulted my mother and did not
the punishment he deserved.”

Recorder Senior imposed a fine of $5, which

Camp-

was paid. The complaint against Edwin
bell was diamissed

HH. G,

he

Wherever sold the public has
acknowledged the American
Gentleman’s whiskey

nter
utiMore RYE

to be pure, old, mellow, and
the finest type of the purest
iskey

The Hunter raises his hat in recognition

AUB MALT & PIOANK MOLA, Depresentatives,
3S. Willlam St, New York, N. ¥.

 

,
VO se tidal Re ehh Se 8 Na el li at —
A nits hia, so ee

—

|