———

  

   

JESUIT COLLEGES UPHELD.

KEV. DR. BRANN REPLIES TO PRESI+
DENT ELIOT OF HARVARD,

 

Compares Methods of Teaching and Condemns
the Elective System—Says Most Harvard
Graduates Are Not Well-Edacated Men
—'* False Cultare and Veneered Barbariom.”

The commencement exercises of St. Peter's
College, Jersey City, were held last night in
St. Peter's Hall. The faculty and graduates

occupied seats on the stage and the auditorium
was crowded, The Rev. Father Harpes, 8. J.,
President of the college, presided and the ex-
ercisos were held under the management of
the Rev. Henry A. Judge, 8. J., Vice-President.
The speakers and their toplos were: George
E. Cutley, “Man Is by Nature Social;” Joseph
Pp. Egan, “The Family Is an Institution of Na-
ture;” Richard L. Behan, “The StateIs an Insti-
tution of Nature.”

The degree of master of arts was conferred
upon Joseph Briody, and of bachelor of arta upon
Richard L. Behan, Michael A. Byrne, George
E. Cutley, Joseph P. Egan, Charles A. Ezell,
Daniel J. Griffin (a), Daniel J, Griffin (b), Cor-
neltus A. Hamill and Clindio FE. McoNenney.

The Rev. Dr. Henry A. Brann, rector of St,
Agnes Church in this city, delivered the address
to the graduates, [lis subject was: “The
Jesuit College and Harvard University.” Dr.
Brann eald:

“It gives me special pleasure to address you
in this place endeared to me by some of the
tenderest and holiest associations of my early
yeara, A few yards from this spot, I first
learned to know and love the Jesuit Fathers;
and I was ono of tho first Jersey City boys to
cross the Hudson to study in ever dear and
venerated St. Francis Xavier College, New York.
We were prompted to go there by one of the
most sealous and exemplary priest of this or
any diocese, a devoted friend of the Society of
Jesus, the vencrable Father John Kelly, for over
twenty-two years pastor of St. Peter's Parish,
the builder of St. Poter’s Church and parochial
school, the founder of St. Mary’s parish and of
the first church and school there, the founder
of 8t Joseph's parish and the builder of {ts
first church, the chief promoter of the German
parish, in which hoe laid the cornerstone of
St. Boniface’s Church in tho early sixties; and
the first promoter of the Orphan Asylum which
now flourishes in St. Mary's parish. His sainted
remains rest in old St. Peter’s Cametery, sur-
rounded by the graves of his old friends and
parishioners.

“Those were stormy times,gentlemen, in which
the Catholic boy Dad often to fight his way on
both sides of the river, and sometimes he was
badly beaten; for physical force and material
resources are only sometimes, though reason
and logic are always on the side of truth.

“How fortunate we are, brother graduates of
a Jesuit college, to havebeeneducated by gen-
tlemen of polished manners, by Christians
formed by all the virtues, and by scholars of

cultured intelligence and reliable erudition,
sacred and profane. Among our professors
there has been no doubting agnostic to ask

like Pilate, “What is truth?” without being able pone

to answer the question, Under them, welearned

to know the truth, and the way to find it by
certain infallible methods, This is what makey
the 6 ic excellence of the education received
in Catholic colleges. It is an education
ormed on the only true ideal; an education
(aed ‘on belief in God, and in the immortality
of the soul—two truths that denominate and
oble the whole encydopmdia of human
Enowiedge. God {9 the source and centre
of truth and, consequently, of science and art.
His existence is the fundamental truth, the sun
which fluminates all that is true, good or beau-
tiful in creation, The truth that the human
oul ia spiritual and immortal, holds in the sub-
Jective a rank siruilar to that of the existence
of God in the objective order. The human soul
is angelic, not animal. Hence the Jesuit edu-
cator sees God and his vestiges in all the sciences
which he teaches. He spiritualizes them all
and reduces them to unity in God. In the soul
of his pupil, the Jesuit sees an intellect to be
trai: to think according to the laws of logic;
ination to be pruned and chastened by
dictates of good taste, He sees an intellect
to be enided by the laws of truth, a memory
be burdened only twith the nseful and beneficial
and a will to be regulated by the laws of moral-
ty. Religion and philosophy, which form the
Ronen and the conscience, are his. pointers
in education showing where God, the Polar
Star, is in the sky. Educators with such ideals
ust necessarily aurpase those who ar agnois-
fies or material{sts, or both. ‘These, like Pilate,

wash their hands of the crime, while they sen
out from certain colleges and universities bands
of ill-trained young men to eail the sea of life
without a compass, without faith, without con-
acience, without good taste; with an education,

lame, broken-winged and lopeided,

“That this is the kind of education imparted
fn some of our well-known universities is notor.
us, and is clearly shown {n the answers to the
cont attack upon the Jesuit colleges made by
psident Eliot of flarvard, He has made
the most ridiculous of all the false charges
against the sons of Loyola since they first en-
e battlefield as champions of truth. By
t he has injured the reputation of Harvard,
almost glad that he has made this mistake

‘or it has brought out Fathers Brosnahan an,

Garapbell in such brilliant and logical replies
t the can public now knows the Jesuits
better, and has discredited President Eliot as

a writer, a logician, or amanofreliable inform.
Yi ean add force or authority to
what those two clever writers have so ably
done, Yet 1 would like to enter my protest
, as an alumnus of a Jesuit college, oe
had some erpertence as an educator, against
‘ault-finding Harvard president.
Fes 4 seen attack e Boe toes ened of
0 . No one has n fool enough to
do that, That method of daily questioning,
of frequent repetition, of debates, interroga-
tions by the professor, and constant stimula-
tion of the attention and of the spirit of emu-
tion of the students is far superior to the
jarvard eyeneniy in which a mere dull and mo-
notonous attendance at the professor's lecture
is t, This is a ‘go-as-you-please’ method,
education of Harvard is, consequently,
© Ae Te Pd. fundarortital cher
indaruen| ol 6 ‘5
Eliot makes i that tho Jesuits do not hows
example of Harvard and of certain other col-
which pertmnit the students almost un-
ted freedom in electing their own studies,
ow any one Who reflects for a moment will
that to give 4 callow youth the right to
own studies is to ruin him. The
verage youth will alwnys neglect the hard
ew choose the easiest study. r in-
etance, yi neglect Latin, Greek andfmathe-
matics (and the facts show that vl and
er in their places something easy and light.
d approves, Day coddjea h for his
A ves an A. B, if he
Rothing but @ French comedy, or the
the chemical properties of animal fat. Such a
uate is Car not an educated person,
lied education is based on the extreme
of the individua] which Guisot calls
% inant character of barbariem, Yet
arvard is filing the country with just such
duates to spread the principles of false
ture and veneered barbarism.
the old proverb says that you cannot make

@ ‘silk purse out of a sow’s ar’ and no Jesuit
gollogy cer trie to do that, but Harvard's
lent is doing it,
t followin

and blaming others for
iniquitous example. In
fact, conside the lack of discipline in Har-
vard, che lack of restrain’ upon the young
en who go t » the temptations and dis-
7 wales te are exposed Bight and
y, 5 y plese 6p 8 under
jae fitct tam hot astonished to find that
ieir average or is not aa vel éducated as
the eb Of it college, The Jesuit
no more believes in iP Werentism in education
han he believes in it in religion. ‘Ihere is a
ierarchy in the branches of knowledge. A
knowledge of bugs ts not as important as a
knowledge of Greek, Latin or of FE h litera-
ture, T esuit chooses the best in every-
thing, in IMerature and acienoce, and he com-
the youth to learn t and allows him
studies only when he has acquired

wisdom with age and experience.
he Jeauite stands to the student in the place
peseags and what the Fee parent does —
provi w e 0g for the children,
student ts ne’ ure himself

by the swee 1 oh he Jes to wholesome
no t only the Jesuits, but the

ority igen’ educators, abroad and
at homa,

ong even professors in Har-
vard, and the very t authorities in other
universities, oon

iTS ~ elective system of
» Kliot, A many years stand-
in Prinoeton University told me recently

at all the American universities are deteri-
orating because of the abuse of the elective
system, ‘Formerly,’ said he, ‘we ruled the
young men, they had to learn what we toid

them: but now they rule us, or rather, their
nausea Mothers rule us.’ The student,
scontented with Greek or Latin or miuathe-

Betice. goes home and coares his mother to
him take something easy in their stead.
Bhe consents and the university has to obes
or lose a pupil, Thus the young man is era Lu

 

knowing ony a French comedy,
ourberies de Seapin,’ for inatanee, witha taste
for ‘Sanho.’ but knowing nothing of the ora-
ns of Cicero or Demosthenes, nothing of
treasures of Greek and Latin literature
ow, without a knowledge of these, no man
received a liberal education. Thev are
oneries oe e nan ~ wealth of ancient }
* and in form they will always re-
oan, nd knowledge of good taste in every
erature, :
“ihe esuit collages are, theref ou
Bae ever, not only in discipline and method
ay. They teach more and better

     
    
   

  
  
  

is formed.

noon in

matter than Harvard. The matter is selected
according to the dignity of the subject and
not at the good pleasure of some imunature

Dg.

“But a special superiority of the Jesuit col-
lege ts its course of mental Philosophy, of which
Harvard knows nothing but a name. You,
gentlemen, during the past year, have been
studying, us an ordinary course, logic, or the
art of reasoning; metaphysics, which treat of
the fundamental truths necessary for the in-
tellect to know, and ethics, which treat of the
fundamental laws of morality which govern
the individual, the family and the State, Had
you studied in Harvard, you would have re-
gerved 80 such training a8 you have received
here during the past year- the best possible
preliminary training for the study of law, medi-
cine, polities or literature, Harvard, like all
non-Catholic colleges, has no proper philosophy
course, Sinoe the day when Luther, because
he lacked a logical mind and was only & pas-
sionate declaimer with political influence to
back him, attacked Aristotle, Thomas Aquinas
and the acholaatics, it {s hard to find a scholar
outside of the Catholic Church whose mind is
not crooked and superficial, incapable of deal-
jos with metaphysical truths, or of distinguish-
ng between the true and the false, Yet Dante.
@ great philosopher and the greatest of all the
poeta, has said:

“Che quegli # tra stolt! bene abasso,
Che senza distinzion afferma o niega

dent Elfot is a proof of my statement.

Rie mia as shown in his zigzag argument,
reminds me of a buckled saw, which, aa every
Jersey farmer knows, is one so bent and crooked
that {s twists in the hand and will not saw the
¥ I admit that thgre are some things
in which Harvard may excel. It, may excel
in study of bugs or coprolites, for instance,
and know more about them than the graduates
of Jesuit colleges do. But where is Harvard
when there is question of knowledge of social
and ethic winciples, the most important of
all the branches of education? In these, Har-
vard's intellect is a buckled saw. In the hands
of avery Jesuit you will fiud the learned, com-
Ry. ensive, subtle and profound “Summa
heologica” of Thomas Aquinas, the greatest
hilosopher since Aristotle and the greatest
Pheclogian the world ever beheld. Every Jesuit
reads and understands the work, which in form
and mattor is @ masterpiece of the human in-
tellect. [¢ has formed the basis of much of
your educaton in philosophy.

Now, from personal experience and from
other reliable rees of information, I as-
eer’ t there is not a professor in Harvard,

ng the President, who knows how to
late intelligently aven the first part of
. h, no! They know all about

umma,
and 00 tes, but little of ethics or logic,

m thesis now eee. titi
jemen, e Jesuits have few hum
conbietne, T ey have always had ene-
are used to being calumniated and
abused, t there is oue pleasure of which
no one leprive them, and that is the consola-
tion of ble as finished scholars to en-
oy a hearty h at the shallow. phrases,
he false logic. the untruths and the sham

in

erudition calumniators. am satis-
? t laugh the Joveaits have

a pr of a century M over

+ elist’s iilefounded. ill-considered

y attack on their colleges.
“Then,) gentlemen, stand by your gollege
y the Jesuits. A century before
a , evita were Tites Fe.
great scholars; and centuries r
re Ae to exist the Jesuits will
to do the same noble work. They
front rank of the Church, and just
as cure as truth prevails in the end, the Jesuit
uates will stand in the front rank of the
tate. For, other thin, being equal, the
san With the best education will forge to the
ront, Here, then, Catholics of Hudson county,
in St. Peter's College you have an illumina-
ting centre, around whioh you can rally, To
this college should you send your sons, if you
wish them to receive a perfect education from
en who, for the past 900 years (not 400, as
esident Eliot ignorantly wrote) have never
equalled as trainers of the human intel-

 

HABVARD'S COMMENCEMENT.

 

‘Nearly 1,000 Degrees Will Be Announced To-

day~—Paan sefete to Be an LL.D.
CamBnipar, Muss., June 26.-To-morrow is
Harvard's commencement and from all indi-
cations it will be a record breaker, Tho list of

,men who will take degrees will amount to al-

most 1,000 and there will be a number of honor-

‘ary degrees, although, according to the custom
of the university, none of them will be given

out untilithe line of march to Sanders Theatre
It was learned to-day, however,

that Lord Pauncefota, the English Ambassador
come pees States, will be aiiethiuniehed by
an LL.D.

The class reunions will be held in the after-
e old brick dormitories in the college
yard, and from all accounts they will be very
well attended. In the afternoon the old-time
z will have boat races on the les

ver over a quarter of a mile course. Inthe
afternoon the alumni dinner will be heid in
Memorial Hall, where speeches will be made by
the President and the distinguished guests of
theday. Augustus Heminway, '75, will actas
head marshal. Gov, Crane of Massachusetts
will also be present and the class of '80 hopes to
have Theodore Roosevelt with them.

 

BRIGHT GIRL AT WELLESLEY,

Miss Yeater, Who Holds the Gould Scholar
ship, Takes Two Degrees at Once,

WELLESLEY, Mass., June 26 —The feature of
commencement at Wellesley College this
afternoon was the awarding of the degrees
of bachelor and master of arts to Miss
Laura B. Yeater of Sedalia, Mo. During the
four years of her college course Miss Yeater
has held the Gould Scholarship, endowed by
Miss Heien Gould in memory o! her mother.
Every Wellesley student is staggered at the
achievement of Miss Yeater, and since it has
been noised about during the past week that
she was to receive two degrees aiter only four
years’ work the young woman has leaped into
a leading position. She was formerly a teacher
and read of the Gould endowment In the news-
papers, She wrote to Mise Gould and has been
the latter's protégée ever aince, Owing to her
close application to study Miss Yeater has not
been well known as college during the course
anne Theodore Veet “. 5 6 ele

@ commencem , Bubjeo
‘The Story of the ed Gross, = .

ATTEMPTED SWINDLING CHARGED,

Twe Men Had Almost Succecfed in Getting
8300 From Mrs, Fetchts.

Two men who eald that they were William
Hart of the Imperial Hotel and John Wilson
of 182 Navy street, Brooklyn, were arrested
yesterday in a saloon near the Manhattan end
of the Brooklyn Bridge by Policemen Burns
and McGovern of the Oak street station on
a charge of attempting to defraud by imper-
sonating United States pension officers. The
complaint against the men was made by Mrs.
Dora Feichts of 1000 Flushing avenue, Brook-
lyn, and her daughter, Mrs. Dora Steinway,
Mrs. Feichta, who draws a pension, had been
overpaid by the Government, Hart and Wil-
eon found this out and yesterday called upon
Mrs. Feichta and representing themselves

as Government offioers, it is said, told her that
she must ey them $900 by noon or be taken

Mrs. Paints agreed to par the money, but
after the men had gone she gent her daughter
to ask nsion Examiner James J. Keilly if
the men were authorized qgens of the Gov-
ernment. Reilly told her the men were un-
doubtedly swindlers and a trap was jaid which
resulted intheirarrest, Before Commissioner.
Shields they were identified by Mrs, Feicht
and her daughter, and they were taken over
to Brooklyn, where United States Commis-
sioner Morle held them for examination. They
denied that they had ever seen either of the
‘women before.

 

 

 

 

JEWELLER ATTACKED IN HIS STORE.

Recovered so Quickly When Knocked Down
That His Assailant Hadn't Time to Steal,

Ff Mortis Stainert of 1367 Fifth avenue, who has
asmall jewelry store at 007 Sixth avenue, was
assaulted in his store shortly before noon yes-
terday by a stranger, who pretended to want to
buy a cheap watch, While the jeweller wag
stooping over the showcase on the counter the
man struck himon the forehead with a slung-
shot made of two pounds of solder attached toa
short strap, knocking hit down, Stainert quickly
recovered, but too late to capture the aesailant,
who, seeing his victim getting up, ran away
without stealing anything. The police have a
good description of the man,

 

Oatings for Tenement Dwellers,

excursions torough the summer «& somewhat
more than 350, Each party is taken by the [ron

Iron Vier to the association's property called

ocean

The Sergt. Douglass Fund,

TAR SUN received $100 yesterday from Com-
pen’, G.Goventh Resimens, for the Sergt. Doug-

 

The first day excursion of the New York
Association for Improving the Condition of the
Poor was sent to the seashore vesterdey It |
consisted of about two hundred women, |
children and babies. This numier will be in- |
creased as soon as the publie seheols close, Tr !
is the intention of the association to have five
excursions ach week from now until the firs
of September. The average number on the day |

Steamboat Line to oney island, and from the ,

Sea Breeze by special trolley cure At Sea ,
| Breeze lunch ts furnished and there are bathing
facilities tor shose who wish to take a dip in the

‘

 

SCIENCE SOCIETY

EDWARD ATKINSON LUGS IN AGUI-
NALDO AND IS CALLED DOWN.

 

 

Botanical Garden and Experiment Station tn
Cuba Advocated in the Forestry Assocta-
tion's Meeting—Canada Finds Preven-
tion the Only Cure for Forest Fires.

The American Assoalation for the Advance-
ment of Science, with its sixteen affiliated so-
cleties, continued yesterday forenoon and af-
ternoon the sessions of its fifty-fourth annual
meeting tn the various class rooms of Coluia-
bia College. The American Forestry Asso-
ciation and the American Chemical Society
have finished their deliberations, the for-
eaters putting in all of yesterday with debate
and the reading of papers, The Chemists
had a final gathering at a banquet in the roof
garden of the Hotel Majestic at 7 o'clock last
evening. Yesterday's sessions of the chem-
ical Society were held in the Assembly Hall
of the Chemists’ Club, 103 West Fifty-fifth
street. Last evening President Grove K.
Gilbert of the Advancement of Science Asso-
ciation read a paper on “Rhythms and Ge
ological Time” in the hall of the American
Museum of Natural History, after which there
was a general reception to the scientists at
the same place.

The only event so far that has broken the
scholastic calm of any of the meetings occurred
yesterday when Mr. Edward Atkinson of Bos-
ton took occasion, dpropos of nothing in par-
ticular, to get astride of a couple of his hob-
bies and do a sort of bareback, two-horse-at-
once equestrian act. With one foot on his
flery nightinare “Imperialism” and the other
on his jim-jam courser “Militarism” he gal-
loped up and down the session of the Amer-
ican Physical Society until he was held up in
full flight and forced to dismount by another
member of that society, Mr. William Henry
Hale, a lawyer of First place, Brooklyn. Mr.
Atkinson had started out to discuss “The Dis-
tribution of Taxes,” in one instance, and “The
Dominion of Iron and Steel; What it Stands
For,” in another. In both he managed to get
around to the Filipino Moses, his old friend
Aguinaldo. He thinks Aguinaldo should have
been permitted to assume control of things
and administer the affairs of the thirty or forty
Filipino and Sulu tribes who came out froin
under the flag of Spain and went in under that
of the United States. He had just about struck
his gait on this topio and had got as far along
as to say that we were spending $150,000,000
a year to kill Filipinos when Mr. Hale called

him down,

“As a member of this society,” said Mr. Hale,
“I protest against such seditious la @ gO"
ing on the records of our proceedings. it sim-
ply is not true, for one ing, that we are
spending $150,000,000 a year to kill Filipinos or
any body else, pad, for another, it is entirely out
of place for talk of that kind to appear as apart

of our record.’
Greet rely to this,
t the Postmaster-

Mr. Atkinson made n
but in a loud aside sai

General might exclude the records from the
mails if he chose. The incident caused only a
temporary ruMfe of the serene philosophic calm
of the debate,

The papers before the Forestry Association
that were read at the morning and after-
noon sessions Were nineteen in number and were

levoted to general forestry studies in paft, al-
though the greater number of them were upon
local conditions in different States of the Union
and in our new possessions, A paper that at-
tracted a8 much attention as any. was read by
Prof, John Gifford of the Cornel] School of °
estry. Its title was “Sylvicultare in Cuba,”
and among other things Prof. Gifford said, or
rather read:

“Two points I desire to make, the great ad-
vantage of Southern countries in the produc-
tion of wood and other forest products and the
great need of a botanic garden and ex ent
station in Cuba or .. The whole line
of eastern coast from New York southward is a
popetul region for the development ef forest

arms. Trees grow with grea’ Fan
transportation means are amp ut of al
this southern region, Cu ov. the atest
advantages, because of r k of wood,
her need of w and because of her
great err as regards — fertility,
climate and variety of useful » . . The
menace of frost is here entirely absent

and possibilities as to varieties of apecies are
unknown an ost limitless. ler laok of
wood is wholly due to robbery and devastation
and her need of wood is airoagy apparent and
will increase with the inevitable development
and influx of greater populemen.
“Besid a ipe many native species there are
others which might be profitably introduced.

Many of our Northern species would doybt
is

grow well in Cuba. for Cuba is liar
respect. Northern crops, such as potat
grow well by the side of pineapples an other
tropical products, This opens a rich fiel
for experiment. In no better way could we
id the Cubans to bring their island to the
ighest gen of pieiecs renee than by found-
ing an Economic Botanic Garden, similar to
the famous Dutch gardens in Java and the
English plantations in Jamaica. The stud
and experiments which could be prosecut
would be of incalculable benefit.

“The possibilities of Cuba are manifold.
The i fate demand for charcoal, tobacco
poles and fence material is such as to repay
plantings at onos and the cultivation of rubber,
@ums and precious woods would be remuner-
ative. Cuba {s a great cattle country and there
is crying need of good fence-post material.
The northern shore of Cuba is within seventy
ours of New York. It will some d "he the
Riviera of America. Cuba's soil an imate
and location are perfect. What she needs
above things ls a Botanic Garden and Fore-
etral as well as an agricultural experiment
station to demonstrate her vast possibilities.”

Mise Mira L. Dock wag the only woman to
contribute to spe assoclation’s proceedings.
ter paper on “Work of the Federation of

yomen’s Clubs tn try” was the third on
the programme of the afternoon proceedings
yesterday. It contained, among other things,
the information that there are thirty-six State
federations in the General Women's Federation
with a membership of over two hundred thou-
eand. The work of the clubs is devoted to
general tree-planting and improvement; a
study of forestry Proper and concerted action
to secure special legislation.

At the close of Miss Doak's addres Prof,
Charles Christadoro of St. Paul made a
vigorous speech in favor of establishing a
national park in north Minnesota with the
view to protecting the trees there, particu-
larly the apruce trees, from the tavagesa of
lumbermen

Mr. E, Stewart, Inspector of Canadian For-
ests, was unable ta attend the convention In
person owing to pressing duties in connection
with the suppression of forest fires now raging
there, but he sent in a paper on the aubject of
“Forestry in Canada.”Over a million aquare miles
of territory, more or leas wooded, is under the
control of the Dominion Government Tra
mendous forest fires have wrought great havoc
there from time to tlme. It has been demon-
strated that all well-developed fires are un-
manageable and that the only protection is in
the prevention and suppression of incipient
fires. This is in line with the paper read on
Monday bf Mr, Fox. who advocated a fire patrol
in the Adirondacks which would out fires off
at their beginning instead of deferring th
work of felting them until they have a ‘go0d
start, aa in the present system.

At the close of ita session the convention

passed a resolution reengnizing the Imnor-
tance of preserving in its original condition
some portion of the hardwood forests of the
southern Appalachian region, and therefore

petitioning Congress to establish in that region
a national forest reserve

 

Arrivals by the Big Kaiser,

Among the passengers who arrived last night
by the Kaiser Wilhelin der Groase from Bre-
men, Southampton and Cherbourg were James
A. Burden, W. 1. Bull, D. Crackenthorpe, Sec-
retiry of the German Legation at Washington
Cooper Hewitt, Dr. Willam Seward Webb and
Henry W. Cannon ’

Sons of Veterans’ Convention,
The seventeenth annual convention of the

 

New York Division, Sons of Veterans, was

opened yesterday at Assocation Hall in Brooks

lyn. More than 200 delegates were present.
JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

Charles I. Smead, 60 years old, of 115 West Twen

 

     
    

 
  

 

 

 

THE SUN, WEDNESD

THEMES. |

|

ee

i

  

AY, J

TRENTON HOME FOR GIRLS. }
-_-_oo |

Assembly Committee Criticises the Principal |
and Two Boards of Trustees.

TRENTON, N. J., June 26.—The special come |

mittee of the Assembly to investigate the man-
agement of the State Home for Girls sent its
report to Gov. Voorhees to-day. The re-
port refers to the investigations made by the
old Board of Trustees and by the present board,
and says:

“This committee believes that had either
of these boards acted with sufficient force and |
authority the troubles at the home would |
have been avoided in a great measure, if not
wholly, The present Board of Trustees is |
practically nullifying and rendering ineffective
the humane measures which met the unani-
mous approval of both branches of the Legis-
lature, and of the Governor, which allows the
inmates to be paroled under certain conditions,
by not informing the inmates of the passage
of this law or of its provisions,

“Sufficient evidence was given which was not
denied aud enough was admitted by the prin-
cipal to convince the committee that many
of the charges of severity and ubnecessary
punishment were substantiated, We regard
the régime of the present principal as most
unfortunate and believe that her usefulness
to the Siate has been greatly lessened, if not
whoily destroyed, and we do not see that her
continuance in the position is of paramount ,
importance, or why the people of the State |
should be kept in constant turmoil by her r- |
tention in this particular position; and while
we believe those many Credible witnesses who
testified to her capabilities and good business
management, still we cannot ignore the testi-
mony of those who saw her in closer touch
with the inmates and discovered that lack of
tact which seems essential for correction with-
out recourse to corporal punishment, The
inmates should not only receive kind and con-
siderate care and be surrounded by the best
influences, but that they are so treated and
surrounded should be apparent to all the peo-
ple. That this is {mposaible under the present
Management we are fully convinced.

 

PRISONERS SIDE OF A RIOT STORY,

 

Clubs Used Bratally and Unnecessarily, They
Say—Maglstrate Lets Them Go.

When William Mitchell, George Fleming,
Howard Brooks and Lee Mitchell, the negroes
arrested on Monday night by policemen from
the West Thirty-seventh street station in a
disturbance in Thirty-seventh street, were
examined before Magistrate Hogan in the
West Side police court yesterday they told a
different story from that of the police. The
police said that they were forced to club their
way through a crowd of negroes to assist Po-
Uceman Kennedy whose prisoner, William
Mitchell, arrested for being drunk, had been
rescued by the mob.

Mitchell didn't deny that he had been dis-
orderly, but the other three prisoners and
tweuty witnesses, all colored, insisted that they
had been brutally and unnecessarily clubbed
without having tried to rescue anybody. They
added that after they reached the police sta-
tion a dozen policemen stood in the backroom
and as the prisoners were taken to their cells
each policeman struck them as they passed,

Magistrate Hogan discharged every prisoner
except William Mitchell, who was put under
small bonds for his good behavior, Counsel
for the negroes threatened to report the club-
bing to the Police Commissioners, so far as

olloeman Kennedy and Brown were concerned, ,

ennedy has been accused of clubbing before. |

BAY STATE RAILROAD BILLS.

Massachusetts Legislature Making Progress
on the Lease Measures Before It.

Boston, June 26,--The Legisiature is making
progress on the two railroad lease bills which
have been before it for several months, To-
day the Senate passed to engrossment the bill
ratifying the lease of the Boston and Albany
to the New York Central, and the House ordered
to a third reading the measure ratifying tho
lease of the Fitchburg Ratlroad to the Boston
and Maine. The upper branch passed the
Albany bill by a vote of 25 to 5 with an amend-
eeaet attached that ratiilcation shall be re-
voked if the lessee fails to observe the decrees
or mandates of the Supreme Court,

tor Ray was the chief opponent to the
final passage of the bill. “Remember,” he said,
“we are etealing, absolutely stealing $5,500,000
and presenting it to the Vanderbiits, to be added
to upcounted millions, perhaps to be used in
purchasing a dukedom.

Be elieved the Senate was putting in the
hands of the Boctalists a weapon which will cut
Geen. He moved to amend by adding a new
section, giving the Commonwealth the right to
annul the lease at any time for violation of its
provisions, but this was rejected.

The House debated the Fivchbwe bill all day,
the participants being almost exclusively law-
yers. Representative Sauaders came out
gtrongly in favor of the bill, although he offered
two amendments. [ate this afternoon a vote
was taken on ordering to a thirdreading, the
Tesult being yeas 174, nays 80.

 

RESTRICTION

Wesleyan Limits the Namber of Women
Studevts-Male Undergraduates Jabilant,
Mipp.LETowN, Conn., June 26.—At a meet-

ing of the trustees of Wesleyan University

to-day it was voted to restrict the number of
women at Wesleyan to those who could be
accommodated in the ladies’ dormitory and to
those who live in the city of Middletown. The
number of women in the college must never
exceed 20 per cent. of the students of the year

before. There will be no separation in the
classes, but there will be in the administra-
tion.

IN COEDUCATION,

 

The male undergraduates consider that
they have won the agitation against coeduca-
tlon, They never hoped for the abolition of |

coeducation at one stroke, but are now con-
fident that the system will die by degroes. The
male students say that they expect the great-
est help from the young women now in col-
lege. These have n given to understand |
that they are not wanted at Wesleyan and they

aay that they will not urge thelr friends to

come to Wesleyan. A well-known Wesleyan

pee told a SUN reporter to-day that with this

ielp of the young women and the agitation

through the p e expected to see the death

of coeducation in five vears,

Under the new system the girls will be put
in a separate part of the catalomie, their chapel
will be separate, their election to Phi Beta
Kappa separate and announcements of prizes
and honors separate,

  
 

 

STEAMER IN FROM CAPE NOME,

 

Brings Passengers and Some Treasure—6300,-
000 Brought From Skagway.

SEATTLE, Wash., June 26.—The steamer Cleve-
land arrived from Cape Nome this morning,
having left there on June 12 with nineteen pas-
sengers and some treasure. She reports that a
large fleet of steamers and sailing vessels were
cuonareing cargo along the Nome beach when
she left

She also reports the loss of the whaling bark
Alaska tn frontoft the town. The vessel and |
careo are a complete loss, but the crew were all
saved by the officers and crew of the steamer
Mary D. Hume

Tho steamer Rosalle arrived thisevening from |
Skaewav with 150 Klondikers and $300,000 in
gold dust.

 

 

Drowned the Day Refore He Was to Get $4,000.

WILKES-BARRE, Pa., June 26,~ William Lewis,
who was drowned in the Susquehanna River
yesterday, was heir to an estate valued at $15,-
00) and was to receive $4,00 cash to-morrow,
the day he became of age. The young man
lived with his parentsin New Mexico for a num-
ber of years prior to their death. Upon the »d-
view of his attorney he came here to elnim bis
partof the estate and while bathing with com-
panions lest hs life,

Senator Depew's Trip Abroad. |
Senator Chauncey M. Depew saila on the |
steamship St. Paul to-day for his annual vaca- |
tion in Europe. He will be accompanied by his |

son end iis neice, Miss Paulding The party |
wi'l remain abroad about one month Senator |
Denew said yesterda’ that his main cbieet in

gong to Lurope this year was to get the benefit |

| of the seu vorage asd obtain a giimpse of the |
Paris Exposition He intends to co very little |
sight seeing outside of Paris

ty first street, died cceniy yesterday afternoon
of heart disease ina saloon at !0! Seventh avenue
The Counett gra wd ye ty the application of |
Willlam Valdorf Astr ve to puta bay window
ona house at Sevent eet and Proadway
Phomas Hiley, convicted last t rid nthe tT nited
States Clreult Courtof having inh ession stolen
heer tax StAINps, WAS Setiteneed y fay by J
Thomas to three vears in Sing Sing veer
vearold ohen of 436 Fast Houston
1 Street i out he fifth story windew yesterday
morning and esr a@owith a few slight bruises,
Cloties iines streteaing from the windows below her
broke her fall
The trial of the alleged Mrooklyn Rapid Traneit
| raiders in the Supreme Court was adlourned yester
day until 10 o'clock thie morning on account of the
death of Mrs. Asa Bird Gardiner the wife of the Dis
triet Attornes
Deputy Sherif Roberts received an execution vee
| terlay against the New York Advertising Sign Com-
pony of 16 Parc pinee for $16,656 in favor of William
ll, Beardsley, who was the Presitent of the company
on a judgment he obtatned on Feh. 28 last on notes
A petition in involuntary bagkrupicy was Aled

| yesterday against James F. Welch, dealrr in lumber

at Fifth avenue and 17th street, by eight er

wre Seine fffrecaie $8,487. enone cas
a statement o} s affairs + ‘
Mabillties $71,500, aPOOS Sree PIELER,

Media, Pa., Lawyer Disonpears Here,

The police sent out an alarm yesterday for
Henry ©. Howard, 53 years old, a lawyer of
Media, Pa. He has been ») jasing from thiscity,
where he hed some business interests, since |
Mar 24. George F. Porter of 203 Broadway. at
whose request the alarm waa sentout, escribes
him as § feet 10 inches tall, slender and sallow
with gray bear: and mustache at

!
|
An Office for Fx-Judge Lewls. |
ALBANY, June :6—State Comptroller W iam
|

 

J. Morgan to-day appointed ox-Judge Georga
A. Lewis of Buffalo as Cory oration Tax Come ;
missioner for western New York to succeed |
Joon R. Hazel, recently made United Btates
District Judge for the western district of New |
Lork. The salary is $2,400 a year.

UNE 27, 1900.

  

 

ROOSEVELT CONSIDERS THE
CHARGES AGAINST THEM.

eee
Spends the Night Going Over the Papers With
Attorney-General Davies-Will Announce
His Decision To-day—Gen. Rosser Comes
Out for Dickinley and Reosevelt—His Letters

Attorney-General Davies arrived at Oyster
Bay last night with the papers in the case of
the charges against Mayor Van Wyck, Dia-
trict Attorney Gardiner and Comptroller Coler.
He went immediately to Gov. Roosevelt's
home on Sagamore Hill, where the Governor
spent the greater part of the night in examin-
ing the papers, Karly in the evening the
Governor said that he would probably announce
his decision In these cases some time to-day,
Having disposed of these cases, the Governor
will be free to enter upon his trip to Oklahoma
City, He expects to leave for the West over
the New York Central at 5:30 o'clock on Friday
evening. Mr. Davies will return to Albany
some time to-day. The Attorney-General
arrived at Oyster Bay on the 5 o'clock train,
Ne was accompanied by William Youngs,
the Governor’s secretary,and by Stenographer
Loeb,

“I have nothing to say regarding the three
sets of charges,” he said, “In a short time
1 will place the cases in the hands of the Gov-
ernorandthenTam done with them for good.
No, I will not say what recommendations I
will make to the Governor regarding the
charges.” Gov. Rootevelt came out to meet
the Attorney-General and announced that

Kittle time would be lost in getting to work on
the papers in Mr. Davies's possession.

“Yes,” said the Governor, “it looks like an
all-night session, but I positively will not an-
nounce any decision that 1 may make until
to-morrow. I will first take up the Garainer
charges, after which I will look over the Van
Wyck and the Coler charges, respectively,
After that work is finished I have nothing but
my Western trip to prepare for, I expect to
arrive at Okiahoma on the evening ul July Ll

t spen
y &

Gov.

leaving there July 3. July 4 wil

ing through Kansas, and Ju Ou
llinois, I positively will not speak in Kansas
City. I will not put my head out of the car
when the train stops there. As
speeches, I may say that I am in the hands of
the National Committee.”

A number of letters and ngratulatory
telegrams were received by the Governor
to-day, among them a letter from_ the Hon.
Levi P. Morton and from Gen. 0. 0. Howard,
A letter which pleased the Governor immensely
wes from Gen, Thomas L. Kosser of Charlottes-
ville, Va. Gen, Rosser was a Confed

egards my

ederat
soldier and a life-long Dernocrat and his con-
version to the Republican party is regarded by
8 Governor as @ good sign. The letter is as
ollows:

“Hon. THEODORE RoosEvert—I have hith-
erto been an earnest worker in the ranks of
the Democratic party, but Clrommnetances and
conditions have go changed that I cannot aMl-
fate with it any longer, I naturally came out
of the great war of the 008 between the States
soured and prejudiced and it was easy to be=
lieve all the charges of evil that were made
against the party which I antagonized as a
soldier, Though a boy T was not a secessionist
but in the flerce and bitter fight that followed
I became thoroughly saturated with its venom.
When war was declared against Spain in 1888
the fear thatny country was in danger passed
through me like an electric spark, clearing in
vision and revealing the follies. behind whic
I had been sulking. That the South is unani-
mous in its political @pposition to the North
cannot satisfactorily be ascribed, to my mind,
to a difference in primary belief, but ie founde
solely on a blind prejudice which all candid,

loyal citivens should spurn, If the North
can prosper, and it does, under Republican
administration, the South would blush to admit

that she vannot do the same, for she has equal
opportunities, To say that Republicans alone
are dishonest and that Democrats alone are
honest is foul biackguardism, 1 most heartily
approve the administration of President McKin-
ley and shall do all .n my power to insure his
election tothe high oftice he now holds, and, fully
approving vour political and admiring your
military record, I rejoice personally_and con-
gratulate my country on our good fortune In
securing Your services as our Vice-President.
Believing that it plants your feet firmly in the
certain road to further advancement for you
and additional prosperity for our country,
“Sincerely yours,
“Thomas L. Rosser.”

 

DISMISSAL OF ICE COMPLAINT.

Mr. Hearst’s Lawyers Say That Proper Notice
Was Not Given Thom,

There is a serious difference of optnion be-
tween the attorneys for W. R. Hearst and the
District Attorney, as to the thoroughness of
the investigation of the charge of conspiracy
against the offleers of the American Ice Com-
pany made by the Grand Jury on Monday.
Clarence J. Shearn of Einstetn & Townsend,
Mr. Hearst's lawyers, said yesterday:

“The way this case was disposed of seems
jto us to furnish ample reason for submitting
it and all the other ice cases to a special Grand
Jury. In lieu of any further comment, we
desire to submit a very short statement of faet.
On last Friday afternoon we were informed
over the’ telephone by Assistant District At-
torney Henry W. Unger that the conspiracy
charge against the officers of the ice company
would be laid before the Grand Jury on the
following Monday, and we were requested
to lay all the evidence we had before the Dis-
trict Attorney at once. We informed Mr.

Unger that, knowing the case as we did, we
knew the District Attorney could not possibly
repare it for proper presentation to the Grand
Jury between that time and Monday. We
told him that the witnesses were in Maine, in
Pennsylvania, in Maryland and in norther

Now York, aa well as in this immediate vi-
cinity, and that there was not time enough
to get some of the most important witnesses
here, to say nothing of doing anything else
in the way of preparation. We told him also,

) and this is of importance, that the District At-

forney had informed us a few days before that
he did not think the present Grand Jury would
find an indictment against officials of the Amer-
jean Ica Company. Mr. Unger said he didn't
know why the District Attorney should make
any such statement. We re lied t we didn’t
know, either, but concluded he had better facil-
ities for knowing what the Grand Jury would
do than we had. Subsequent events showed
that he had.

“After we had told Mr. Unger that we would
have nothing to do with the presentation of
80 ill-prepared a case, the conversation tere
minated. On the next afternoon, Saturday
~-last Saturday--we received a letter from
Mr. Unger stating that the case would be pre-
sented to the Grand Jury on Monday and de-
manding that we produce our evidence forth-
with. We paid no attention to this letter, not
believing the District Attorney woula go be-
fore the Grand Jury with only such evidence
as he could gather together in so short a space
of rine, © knew nothing further about the
case un we were informe este
it had been dismiased,” . 7 te

Mr. Shearn added that his firm had been as-
sured by Gov. Roosevelt that his decision, as
to whether or not he would call a special term
of the Supreme Court to impanel a apecial
Grand Jury to investigate all the ice cases
would be announced immediately after the
Republican National Convention. Therefore,
he said, it was expected that the Governor
would be heard from in a few days. Justice
Chester's decision a8 to whether certain writs,
preventing Referee Nussbaum from taking
testimony in the proceedings taken by the
Attorney-General to annul the ice company's
charter in this State should be made perma-
nent, and also as to whether or not the order
appointing the referee should be vacated, will
be hands . down 1-0.

en assistant District Attorney Unge
was asked what he had to say in 1, Oi
statement of Kinstein & Townsend, he said:

“Speech is silvern, but silence is golden,”

 

 

New Presbyterian Church tn Brooklyn,

Anew Presbyterian Church bas been organ-
ized In the Borough Park district of Brooklyn
by the Brooklyn Presbytery, The Rev. James
A. MeCacue ts in charge of the work and an
editice will be erected at Forty-sixth street and
Fifteenth avenue. Until the church is built
service. will be held at Forty-ninth street and
New Utrech, avenue ‘

 

For $5 a Month

you can havo

Telephone Service

at your

Office, Store or House.

44,000
Talephone Stations
in Manhattan.

   
       
   
           

One-veer Contracts, Moathly Paymeate.
NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
1 What 35th St.

  

MAYOR, GARDINER, COLER. |

     
      

 
  

      

 
 

 
   
   
    

  
    

        
           
          
  

  

    
     
       
     
   
 

 
  

    
 
      
 
        

 

 

You are
no stronger
than your

stomach

   

 
 
 
  
   
  

      
       
  
 

       
 
     

   
    

  
 
 

 

You can strengthen
your stomach if you '
use the new Digestor—

      
    
 
 
  

   
  
 

      
     
  

   

    
      
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
 
    
  
  

    

THE NATIONAL SAENGERFEST.

 

Preparations All Made for the Big Musical
Event in Pre klya.

The various visiting delegations to the Na-
tional Saengerfest which takes place from
June 30 to July 4in Brooklyn have all been as-
signed to their headquarters and those who
have not yet arrived have been provided for.
Choral rehearsals are given daily in the Thir-
teenth Regiment Armory, where the concerts
are to be held. It is said that no previous saen-
gerfest ever given in the history of the North-
eastern Saengerbund will be so largely attended
or be 60 important as this one, It is the nine-
teenth saengerfest given by the society and
celebrates its fiftieth anniversary. It will be
given under the auspices of the United Singers
of Brooklyn, The head committee is gratified
by the knowledge that the expenses of tho
celebration have already been covered and
that it is certain to be a financia] success in spite
of the considerable outlay.

The Northeastern Saengerbund was formed
halt a century ago. In the earlier days of ite
existence a singing featival was beld only at
intervals of every eight or ten years, Then
the choruses would number only about two
hundred voices, Now the festivals are held
regularly every three years, The Northeastern
society includes all singing societies as far east
as Boston, as far south as Richmond, Va., and
as far west as Colurmbus, Ohio, Ali the cities
send several societies as arule, and these sing
together as one body in the competiiions at
the festivals. The Maennerchor of ele

hia will be the only chorus from a clty send-
hg several that will be heard by itself, This
honor comes from the fact that it is oldest
singing society in the Northeastern Saenger-
buna,

Tie proceedings will begin officially at the
Arinmery on saturday night, whea there wil
be a reception lor all the Sologeton, [roses
by a torchlight procession, Gov, velt
has promised to address the delegates, On
bunday the serious work of the festival will
begin early in the morning, The day is to be
Givided as follows: 9 A. M., lirét rehearsal of
the mass chorus of male voices; 2 2. M., prize
competition by individual societies of the first
class and by State ope county organizations
of the first and second classes; at 8 o'clock, the
first special eveuing concert of the festival will
be given. On Tuesday at 9 o’clock the mass
chorus of male voices wiil have 22 second re-
hearsal. Iv the afternoon 5,000 school children
will sing under the direction of Albert Caswell
with Sara Anderson and Clarence Baernstei
as Soloists. Individual societies of = second
and third class will sing at the A y of
Music tor prizes in the af At night
the second special} conoert will be given with
Louise Voight, Josephine Jacoby and Car
Schlegel as soloists, The musi feature
Saturday night will be the performance
Director Arthur Claasen’s “German Worth
German Song,” to be sung by the local societies
in honor of their guests, The German Em-

yeror is to be represented by Baron von Holle-
yen of the German Enibassy. More than
forty-three societies will take part.

Only eight societies are to compete for the
prize offered by the Emperor of Germany. The
song to be used in this competition is “
Deutsche Lied,” by Jeter Lassbender, which
the Emperor selected from more than two
hundred songs as the one to make the best test
of the societies, The prize given b mon-
arcl: is to retuain in the possession ob the lucky
society only from one saengerfest to anotber,

he design is handsome and the article costly,

he Emperor will be thanked for it through
the American Ambassador, The P’ hia
vurners gave aprize of a golden lyre to be
awarded to the society that gains record place
in the competition for the Emperor's .
Other prizes are busts of Wagner and Abt for
the class competitions and three grand pianos,
There are also various other legs elaborate p:
and every society co ting for the Emperor's
prize will receive a diploma. This competi-
betore the piouip to be given that eltersaen
ore the picnic to given tha rnoon a
i sy s the fest Presi
fhe officers o saengerfest are: -
dent, 8. K. Sanger, Brooklyn; First Vige-Presi-

dent, A. H, Tiemann, falladey ; and Second
Vice-President, Koos, P »~ hia, The
expenses for the saengerfest ve already

amounted to $23,680.48,

 

Screens to Save Trolley Passengers’ Heads.

The North Jersey Traction Company, which
operates the trolley lines to Newark, Bayonne
and the outskirts of Jersey City, has adopted
an ingenious device to save the passengers in
its open cara from the consequences of poking
their heads out of the car where they are Ikely
to get in the way of any vehicle on the other
traok, On the dangor side of the cara the com-
pan y is putting in, above the side bar andon a
evel with the passergers’ heads, alight wire
grating about eighteen inches wide, To get bis
ead outaide of this a passenger must cither
lie down on the floor and crawl underreath the
grating or stand on the seatand lean out near
i roof. The screen is transferableto either
side, None of the New York cars is so
equipped.

Entombed tn a Coal Mine's Shaft.

SHAMORIN, Pa,, June 96.—A gangway closed
fn at the Neilson shaft this afternoon and be-
fore all the men could escape the coal piled so
fast that Robert Taylor and, it is feared, two
Hungarian laborers were caught in one of the
breasts. Supt. George Steele called for volun-
teers and, desnite great danger, the men are
driving a heading to penetrate the barrier, As
the ventilation is poor in the closed ganaway
there is smal! chance of the entom

 

 

men

ing rescued alive, e shaft is

Langdon & Co. of Fimira, Ny.) Ow! Dy 9.
The Weather.

An area of low preasure was forming in the Lake
regions yesterday, while an area of high Dressiire
rested over the South Atlantic Staten The Position
of these areas means warmer weather for this section
today and to-morrow.

The temperature was bigh yesterday west of the
Alleghany Mountains and east of the Rockies; {n
the Oljo valley, the Central Mississipt and lower
Miseourl Valleys the maximums ranged between 90
and 100 degrees. On the North Pacific coast there
was an area of high pressure coming ta with cooler
weather,

Fair weather was quite general, save for som
thunderstorms In eastern Arkansas, Mississippt,
Alabama, western Georgia, Kentucky and southern
Onto,

In thiselty the day was fair: wind, fresh to Ddrisk
Nortieast: average humitity, 48 per cent.: barometer
correeted to read to sea level at®A. M., 20.85; 3 P.M.,
20.00.

The temperature ns recorded by the official ther.
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer atthe
street level, is shows in the annexed table:

OMe Sun's —OMeial— § fr
Wwe, Daud boot 1900, 1800. 1e0e,
DA.M.75° 72° 75° 6 PL M.80% 79° ate
1M ag oe 89°, OP M73) 74> Bg
aP. M.s2 8 3° 12 Mid 72° 66° 7°

WASHINGTON PORFCAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW,

Por New Eng'aud, showers Wednesday; brisk to
high southwest winds; Thursday, showers,

For eastern New York. showers Wednesday, with
cooler in north portion; brisk t) high southwem winds;
Thursday, showers

For the District of C humbla, eastern Pennsylvania,
New Jersey. Delaware and Maryiard, showers
Wednesday evening of night; brisk southwest winds;
fair Thursday

For westrn Pennsylvania and western New York,

| Showers and cooler Wednesdsy: Thursday, fair and

warmer; brisk southwest, shifting to west, winds,

Johnson's Digestive Tablets

“PAPOIDS.”

    
    

THK SYRACUSE INVESTIGATION.

 

Results of Civil Service Examinations An-
pounced in Advance,

Syracuse, June 26.—The State Civil Service
Commission he!d the first of its sessions to in-
vestigate the affairs of the local Civil Service
Board at the Court House to-day, The inves‘.
gation will be continued to-morrow at the City
Hall.

What gave promise of being a sensatione!
feature was the offering in evidence of al st of
appolntments given out by Mayor McGuire fcr
publication Jast December. The appointinents
were those he pro; osed to make for the present
year. Many of the offices are included in the
civil service, Attention was culied to the fact
that when civil service examipations fcr these

laces were held the successful competitor in

very instance was found to be the one whore
appointment Mayor MoGuire had announoed
in advance,

President J, C. Knauber of the local board,
who was on the stand almost all dav, was ques-
tioned about this list. He suid he did not know
whether the appointments in the list had ever
been made, or if tne candidates announced gad
ever taken the civil service examination, He
denied that he had ever accepted directions or
that the board had ever recelved directions as
to who should be rated highest on examination,

Mavor McGuire will probably be put on the
stand to-morrow and questioned regarding the
same matter,

WEST CHESTER HOUSE LOOTED,

 

 

 

Burglars Threw Away the Plated Ware and
Decamped With the Silver Only,

When Paul Kohn, the owner of the McGuire
mansion at West Chester, went there yesterday
he found that in his absence thieves had broken
{nto the place and had stolen a quantity of
silverware and bric-A-brac. He reported the
robberv at the Wakefield police station

A basket of pletee silverware which had been
thrown away by me thieves was found near the
rectory of Bt. Paw’s Church, East Chester,
yesterday, and was identified by Mr. Kohn as a
part of the stolen property. The thieves
pro y gained access to the house by rowing
up the creek behind it and climbing up the
veranda.

DELEHANTY NOT TO RESIGN.

Said That He Considers Himself Physically
Un&t for Daty in the Tropics.

It was reported yesterday that Commander
Daniel Delehanty, the superinterdent of Sail-
ors’ Snug Harbor, wov'd not resign from the
Navy, as previously reported because he had
received orders from the Navy Department to
prepare for sea duty and go to Manila, Instead

T restenic it was, declared that Commander
Delehanty ad sent in application ‘or an ex~
aenination Uy the Medical Board of Survey,
alleging that he was physically unfit for service
in a tropical country. Commander Delehanty
has done no sea duty since 1892, except during
the Spanish war is application has not as
yet been acted upon.

 

 

SUBS LAWYER FOR ALIENATION.

 

Manager Free Wants $25,000 From Urben C.
Bell of Buffalo.
John Martin Free, a theatrical manager, has
brought an actionin the Supreme Couri tore
cover $25,000 damages from Urben C. Bell,a
lawyer of Buffalo, for the alleg d alienation of
the affecticns of plaintiff's wife Antulnette,
Mrs, Free, who is 21 years old, recently 1 layed

in the burlesque on "“Sapho” at the Victoria
heatre. Free states that Bell, who is 25 years
old, followed his wife on the road, an’) monopo-

re_time from her business in
Bell_ denias that he knows any
Free.

r
ifferent titles.
woman as the wife of

 

First of 3,000 Christian Endeavorers Sail.

Two hundred members of the Christian En-
deavor Society sailed yesterday from Hoboken
eboard the Hamburg-American liner Batavia
to ajtend the International Convention of Fn-
deavorers in London on July 14. They will
leave the Batavia at Cherbourg and wiil take in
the Paris Exposition before going to London.
About three thousand American representa-
tives of the society will be at tne convention.
A delegation will sal! from Boston on the
steamship Saale on July 3.and others will co
from this port on July 8 and July 7 aboard the
steamships Main and Trave.

 

Cat Attacks a Man.

Thomas McSorley of the Kearny, N. J,
Street Department, was at work on Monday
when a large gray cat came along. MecSorley
stooped to stroke the cat. As hestretched out
his hand the cat bristied up and made at him
withopen mouth, It caught his right hand be-
tween the index finger and the thumb and bit
hard. McSorl»y shonk the cat off, but it came
back at hin again. This tme MecSoriey kept
oe Rage outof danger. The wound was cau-

 

Volanteer Firemen Injured,

8ac Hannon, L. I, June 26—Four firemen
were injured in a fire last night that destroved
the acid house of the Fabys watch case factory
in this village. A large cornice fell and the men

ran for their lives Foreman Donohue fell into
@ cOal pit and was taken outunconscious, Fires
man Fritz Kruger wos struck on the riuit
houlder by a heavy beam andseverely bruis d
atrick Kelly was severely cut on the left hand
one I. M. Bach was bruised by a fall into the

To Boy Ost the Yarmouth Steamship Com-
Dany.

Hauirax, N.S., Juno 26.—A bdillis before the

Canadian Pariiament toempower the Dominion

Atlantic Railway in this province to buy out the
business of the Yarmout Steamship Company,
operating a line of steamers between Yarmouth
and Boston. The price is $350,000,

 

 

 

Funeral of Stephen Crane.

The funeral of Stephen Crane, who died at
Badenweiler, Germany, on June 5, will be at the
Central Metropolitan Temple, Seventh avenue

near Fourteeuth street, to-morrow morning at
10:30 o'clock

Dr. Lyon's

Tooth Powder

Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.

REPANS

Want ed —a case of bad healta that R-l-P-A-N-S WF!

je oy ives — No matter what's 'h>
whil do you ¢ A cure may result «
directions are followed. They banish pala, Induct
gicen. Proiong life. Sold at ail drug stores, ten [\°
ve ry sure ‘eget 1 enuine. Don't \*

f by substitutes. Ten samples and 4 thous. ! I,
stimonials will be matied to any address for 5 cents.
forwarded to the 2ipans Chem. 10 Spruee, N. ¥