Se

PARTING WITH THE BOERS.

BRYAN SIDESHOW RATHER ECLIPSED
OTHER FEATURES.

 

Guleer Hailed as Vice-President at the Cooper
Vaton Mase Meeting—Pictures Bryan as
Sending Our Army to Drive the British
@ut of Preteria—The Delegates Spek.
A meeting, advertised as having been called

“to tender a farewell reception to the Boer

envoys,” was held in Cooper Union last night

Two of the Boer delegates, Abraham F scher

and C. N. Wessels, and: Robert B. Roosevelt,

Congreseman William Sulzer and the chairman,

George M. Van Hoesen, made speeches, but

the meeting might easily have been mis-

taken for one callei to ratify the ticket
to be nominated at the Democratio National

Convention. Of the three United States cit-

{sens who spoke all were Democrats. Two

of them, Messrs. Van Hoesen and Sulzer,

made use of their opportunities to
boom Mr. Bryan, to insult President

MoKinley and to picture the armies of the

United States marching into Pretoria in sup-

port of the Boer forces when the elocutionist

ef the Platte should occupy the Presidential

chair.
In all their efforts the speakers were ably
seconded by the audience, which was

largely anti-everything and anti-British in par-
tioular. Perhaps 2,000 men and women attended
the meeting and hailed Congressman Sulzer
as the next Vice-President, The champlon
of the “peepul” appeared to enjoy the allusions
to such a possibility greatly and took occasion
toinform his audience: two or three times that
he was “going West on the midnight train.”
Mr. Van Hoes n called the meeting to order
goon after 8 o'clock, Among other things he

said: :
“This meeting is called for the purpose of re-
affl ming our sympathy with the cause of the
struggling South African republics, of bid-
ding farewell and godspeed to the envoys frem
those republics to our shores, and of assuring
then that. no matter whether or not they have
accompli: hed all they hoped t) accomplish wh n
they came here, they earry back to their un-
happy land the heartfelt sympathy of the Amer-
ican people) When Pres Cent Krager and Pres-
cent Steyn req. ested the good offices of the
“hited Stal. sto end the war they had a right to
expect that our Geverniment would act upon
the request with some visor, Instead of that
all that the officials in Washington would con-
bent to do Was to act as a mere messenger.”
Mr. Van Hoesen talked aiong teiurely for the
petior part of an hour and then introduced Mr
ischer, who wore evening clothes. He hada
piost entyu iastic reception.
"We are wratefulto the American people,”
aid Mr. Fischer, “for the kindly treatment we
ave reccived and the respeetful
hearing which they have accorded us We «now
that we take bome with us the warm, earnest,
heartfelt ayrapathy of th: citizens of this great
Republic Rememberingfthat, we will also re-

member that liberty here is npotshutup in any |

capital or town or cit
tthis somewhat undiplomatic remark, the
audience howled wi.h deiucht and an excitable
brother on the platform Jumped up and
Bs outed
“We'll throw the British out of that capital
onthe 4th of March and then you'll geta
show!” j ;
“Three cheers for our Dermoeratic friend'”
houted a tawny-haired young man. who had
nm nervously stroking a budding mustache
ong the audience yelled like Comanche Indians
r. Wessels followed Mr Fischer He is
something © a humorist and havirg put the
udience in excellent humor.
rankly that the Boers were much obliged for
American sympathy, but they wanted, and
thought they had a right to expec: more
*We want your sympathy,” said Mr. Wes-els,

*but when you have given us that we want |

you to rise up in all the maj sty of your young
trength and say to England: ‘Stop that war!’
yhen you get ready to say that, it will stop.
We want the help of all of you. Wewantthe
elp of the ladies in America I have
eard that the almighty dollar controls elec-
tions in this country and, of corr e, the ladies
ntrol the purse strings Therefore, i
ave the ladies with us we'll get your substan
tio] help.’’
You've got us now!"’ screamed a little, old
lagy on the platiorm t
"And besides the ladies,” continued Mr
Weasels, “we want vour boys to help their
brother boys in the little republics. We've
got the boys there who are of the stuff of
which men are made. Jameson. found
that out. You_know he was coming down to
surprise us. [Lauchter] He decided to come
on New Year's Day, when ali our young people
were dancing and making merry. When tue
gees reached us that Jameson was cominga
ugle sounded in t'e streets What do you
think our boys did? D.d they wo home and
change their c othes? Nota bit of it!
“They just got out t! eir Mausers, mounted
their ponies and went down to fig)t Jameson in
eir dress suits. They did the surprsing and
ameson was thrashed, sent to England and im-
risoned—for not succeeding. (Laughter.)

hen he was returned as a meinber of the Cape |

Parlisment.”’ (Hisses.}

Mr. Wessels cave place to Robert B. Roose-
velt, who refitted th: proposition that the war
waged by England in South Africa was
like our war against Spain There
wasn't enough billingsgate in Mr Roosevelt's
speech to secure an enthusiastic reception for
{ and the andicnee got up and went out in con-
siderable numbers, Then came the Hon Mr
Siu.zer and he got a riptouring ree>ption.
He hid no sooner been introduced than some
one veled

“tnree cheers forthe next Vice-President!”

The cheers were given, and Mr. Sulzer pro-
ced dto del ver the real thing in the way ofa
Bryvized Democratic speech. After he'd be-n
Kr x about ali an hour, during which the
fudie . early lost its veice cheer ng, Mr. Sul-
Br sic

“sow, mytriends, I don't want to talk poli-
ties Ton soing West on the midnight train,
fi vid applause.) And when I come back,|
“As View Presid nt,’ velled somebody, “I'l
make it my busiecess to talk some polities, andin
ever, speech i make, I'm going to tell the people
on my respons oility as a Co gr asinan, that
Great Britain is stealing territory right along

  

from the Uoited States in Alaska just as
ele is stealiag it in South Africa,
Wes dov't eppear to be s)mpathiz-
ing uch with urselves, but, thank |
God! Citizen America is for the Boers
Cheers), Cittwen A erica is for the Boers, but
omtenl America is tor England Citizen America
fk for neloin:s (oe Boers fight (heir fight against

the th ef of nat.ons, whil’« teil America goes
around with its trousers turred up, usking per-
Mission of England to breathe. (Howls and
cheers.)

‘Gut (going Weston the midnight train
and when [ome back a man wil be nominated
to be elected President Of the United states
who will change all this. Therefore 1 would
tay to old Paul Kruger to-nght: ‘Hold on,
Kroger! And when Bryan's in the White
House, sou cans ndanother ultimatum, not to
Silisbury but to Roberts. And you can tell
hin if he don't take his army out of South
Africai. twenty-four hours you'll put him out,
andthearmiesof the United States will help
you”

Sulzer closed hie speech by working himself
lito a fine frenzy over the tact that to-day, for
tie first time in our history, American soldiers
arecomimanded by British officers in China.
With this f ra peroration the speech and the
meeting closed.

 

 

FINAL APPEAL,

DELEGATES’

They Beg for a Convincing Pronouncement of
Our Moral Suppert.

An address which is the final communication
of the Boer delegates to the American people
was issued by them yesterday. It is signed
by the three delegates. They say:

“Owing to the pressure of time 4nd stress
of circumstances it has been impossible for us
t© accept more than a very small percentage
of the invitations to visit the groat centres of
the United States. It is, however, gratifying
record the fact that we have been given
& most encouraging and enthusiastic recep-
tlon in every cit) we have visited, and we take
this opportunity of tendering our heartfelt
thanks to the people of the United States for
the deep sympathy they have shown for the
Cause of the two struggling republics in South
Africa. We now feel couvinced that the boast-
ful allegations of the Colonial Secretary and
other British statesmen, that thg citizens of
tids great country sympathize with the Brit-
ish Empire in its attempt to crush the liberty
aud independence of our two small States
6 absolutely devoid of truth. Indeed, from
Our oOWn personal experience and observations
We can testify that the reverse is the case.”

The address goes on to deal at length with
the histury of the relations between Great Brit-
fin and the Boers which, the delegates declare,

one of violated faith and broken pledges
0n Great Britain's side, cloaked under the dis-
Dlay of magnanimous and irreproachable prin-
¢iplen Since gold was discovered in Johannes-
oe in payable quantities in 1886, all the forces
ke land greed and gold hunger have been let
cose in’ South Africa, Mr. Chamberlain, Sir
Alfred Milner and Cecil Rhodes, the delegates
Ry. are “the terrible diabolical trinity which
7 brooded over and shaped the destiny of
South Africa during this calamitous period,”
and they have combined forces to achieve
Dr Subtlety, craft and misrepresentation what
be Jameson and his raiders failed to attain
e fores, The address that England's attempt
Monopolize the Klondike is not far different
om her greed for the gold and diamond mines

the Transvaal, aod after comparing the

Mission of the delegates with that of Benjamin
ranktig to France closes with this appeal:

ir enemy to-day was your enemy in 1776,

same British Empire which sought to hold

ou in colonial subjection now demands from

@0 unconditional surrender of our national

of that public sympathy and moral support of
|

| LORD KENSINGTON

and cordial !

he told them |

we!

es os as a

'
|

itan M

leased by that company from the Third Avenue
Company. Ninety-eighth street isn’t a trans-

existence, The treatment and a

our burghers, accusto:
life of op intarion, when

e of -air activity t
taken p ponerse and crahned wit Ci
row limits of prison-ships, acco: ith t
experience of your ancestors, who were sub- '
ected to the same treatment and whose bones
ave only recently been committed to a final
resting oe,

“We do not ask of you anything in the shape |
of direct or forcible intervention, such as you |
secured from France, and to which your his- |
torians attribute your ultimate victory over
Great Britain. All we ask, and, indeed, all
we need from you, in addtion to the continuance

which we are abundantly assured, is a con-
vincing indication or a pronouncement deliv-
ered in such a manner that it will not be subject
to the misinterpretations of the British Colonial
Minister, or leave any doubt in the minds of
the European Powers as to the fact, viz., that
the people of the United States do not acquiesce
in what Vattel has termed the monstrous doc-
trine that the independence of a nation de
feated in war is completely at the mercy of
the conqueror.

“There will no political peace or tranquillity
in South Africa until justice and right once more
triumph, and though this future strugale opens
ont a vista of suffering, unrelie by the more
stirring incidents of war, our sorely tried people
will not shrink from the ordeal. We may
eventually have to relinquish the nresent strug-

le, the British lag may wave over the public
uildings in Pretoria and the vaat extent of
veldt in the two republics, but’ it will
never appeal to the hearts of our fel-
low countrymen: to them it wil! ever be the
emblem of oppression and greed, With such
convictions, and with this protest against the
partly accomplished violation of the law of
nations, we, the representatives of the two
sister republics now threatened with extinction,
and looking up to this great American Republic
as one of the trustees under Providence of the
| system of international ethics and as the guar-
| dianof liberty, hereby address this appeal to you.
We feel convinced that if an official expression
of your moral support had been delivered before
hostilities broke out this war would have been
averted, and that such a pronouncement at
| any time during the campaign would have
stopped and even now would be strong enough
to stop the continuance of hostilities.
We repeat that we seek no alliance, we solicit

unfriendly act on your part toward our relentless
and powerful enemy. We appeal for nothin.
more than that vou protest hefore the civilize
world in terms which, though devoid of hostile
or unfriendly animus, will nevertheleas carry
conviction that the precedent which Great
Britain is about to create in destroying the
liberty and the national life of two independent
States is regarded with disapproval and dis-
approbation by the people of the United States
of America.”

|
| No expression that might be construed as an
|

DEAD.

Expires at Blocmfontein From the Effects of
a Wound.
Speria' Cable Despatch (o THE SUN,

Lonpon, June 26.—-The latest casualties In
South Africa include Lord Kensington of the
Life Guards, who has died at Bloemfontein
from the effects of wounds; Cant. J. J. Mace
donald of the Canadian Infantry, captured, and
Private A. Robson of the Canadian Infantry,
dangerously tll. Lord Kensington was 37 years
old.

 

RESERVATION INVADED.

Orders to Drive Prospectors From Kiowa and
Comanche Lands May Cause Trouble,
Perry, 0. T., June 26—The news that the
Secretary of the Interior has decided to eject
all intruders from the Kiowa and Comanche
reservation and had sent instructions to that
effect to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
has caused much excitement among the pros-
peetors en route to the Wichita Mountains
| for minerals, It is openly asserted that there
will be serious trouble if the Indian police at-
|} tempt to molest them.
{ There are fully five hundred men now actu-
| ally at work prospecting in the mountains and
| four times as many en route or getting ready
| to go. One entire township has been laid off

and a regular mining district staked out under
the mining laws Several rich finds of cop-
per and zine are reported, with many indica-
tions of silver, hut no gold is yet th sight.
Agents of the Standard Oil Com,any who are
{in the mountains report the indications of gas
and oil to be the best they have found any-
| where in the Southwest
' Owing to the great number of intruders,
the Indian police will be unable to eject them
' and it will be necessary to call out the troops
at Fort Sill and Fort Reno to clear the reser-
vation.

Two weeks ago the Postmaster at Hardin,
Washita county, secured an order from the
Post Office Department to move his office across
the line into the Kiowa and Comanche Indian
reservation, at a station upon the Rock Island
extension, and the mail carriers were ordered
to deliver the mail there. He built a house
at the new location, but he is one of the old
boomers the Indian police have been watah-
ing for years and they notifled him to get off
the reservation. He refused to go and o
Saturday the house and office were burn
and he was placed under arrest as an intruder

 

 

| SUNDAY BALL AND SUNDAY GOLF.

 

Cold Spring in a Dispnte That Has Caused the
Chief of Police to Resign.

CoLp Sprina, June 26.—The people of this
village are engaged in a controversy over
the question, Shall workingmen be prevented
from playing baseball on Sunday while wealthy
people of the village are allowod to play golf?

Last Sunday Chief of Police McCaffrey
atopped a game of ball between workingmen
employed in the large iron works of J. B. & J.
M. Cornell President of the Village Condell
happened to come along and told the players
to pay no attention to the officer and they con-
tinued the game Mevaffrey took umbrage
and said he would resign. He did so, and to
his amazement the Board of Trustees aw
cepted his resignation and appointed another
man, who refused to accept under the circum-
stances. °

Last summer some of the wealthy residents
started e crusade against the open barber shops
lon Sundays, The result was that the shops
were all closed. Now they seek to have Sune
day ball games stopped, President Condeli
| proposes that next Sunday, if the yonlthy play

golf, the iron moulders shall have the privilege
of playing baseball, The tron workers have
called on Mr. Kemble, a retired New Yorker
who lives here, and he has given them per-
mission to play. on his estate so long as they
: do not disturb the public peace by any unusual

noise. They have promised to behave and pro-
| pose to play next Sunday.

 

Big Passenger Wouldn't Pay and Didn't Relish
Being Pat Off by a Small Condactor.

| FOUGHT OVER A USELESS TRANSFER,

Frank Cooper, a painter of Bedford Park,
boarded a Boulevard car of the old Third avenue
system at Ninety-eighth street last night and
offered the conductor a Metropolitan system

transfer for fare. The conductor, John Tross,
refused the ticket and demanded a_ nickel.
Cooper refused to pay. The conductor put
him off and that made the passengers laugh
because the conductor was a small man and
Cooper was more than 6 feet tall.

The big fellow couldn't stand the jeering, so he
jumped aboard the car again and beganto punch
the conductor. The motorman went to the con-
ductor’s assistance, but was knocked down by

a backhand sweep from Cooper before he had
a chance to do anything. The passengers,
most of them women, added to the excitement
by yelling until Policeman Merz appeared and
arrested Cooper,
No transfer arrangements yet been
made between the old lines of the Metropol-
Railway Company and those recently

have

fer point, anyway.

 

PHILIPPINE VETERAN SAVES A LIFE.

 

Joyce Jamps From a Telegraph Pole and
Rescues a Girl From Drowniag.

WILKES-BARRE, Pa, June 26.--Frank Joyce,
formerly a member o Company K, Ninth
United States Infantry, of this city displayed
a sample of the courage that merited honorable
mention in the Philippines here to-day when
he leaped from a telegraph pole above one of
the river bridges into the river and saved the
life of a girl who had missed her footing and
fallen into the river fifty feet below. He was
working a8 lineman and reached the top of one
of the poles when he heard the girl's screams
for help. Without thought of the heavy steel

yle climbers on his feet, that nearly cost him
fis lite later, he leaped from the pole over the
girders and into the river. A crowd helpless
to aid the drowning gitl watched the jumper
He landed in the water a few feet from the girl
and her hair became entangled with her res-
euer but he finally overcame her and pulled
her ashore, After he had saved the girl's life
he returned to work allowing the warm breezes
and hot sun to dry his clothing.

 

Robbed of 64,000 in Chicago's Business Dis-
trict.
Cuicaao, June 26.—Louis M. Zeis of South

d., held up and robbed of $4,000 in
= : the business district of this city to-night.

FREE LABOR NOT AFFECTED.

Reply of the Prison Commission to a Com-
plains ef Rechester Unions,

ALBANY, June 26.—Anthony Sink of Rochester
has the contract for carpenter work on the
addition to the Asylum for Feeble-Minded
Women at Newark and the Rochester Build-
ing Trades Council complained to the State
authorities that the window frames and trim-
mings for this work were being made tn Sing
Sing Prison. This was described as an inter-
ference of prison labor with free labor. The
State Prison Commission in replying to the
complaint says:

“It was the duty of the prison authorities
to manufacture articles and materials to be
used in the erection of State buildings when-
ever it became necessary to do so, in order
to find employment for the convicts, While
the prisons make afew windows and doors for
State buildings, they do not make any to be
sold in the open market. The State fis not
competing with anybody, ia not manufao
turing for general use. but is simply makin,
6 few doors and windows for its own build-

igs.

“The only State institutions doing anything
in the line of productive industries are the
three State prisons, Auburn, Clinton and Sing
Sing, having an average population of over
three thousand, During the year ending
Sept. 30, 1499, the total value of the output
of these three prisons was in round numbers
$426 000. Only a very small part of this value
represented prison Jabor. The cost of the
raw material from which this product was
made was $262,000, all the product of free labor
outside the prisons, Another hundred thou-
sand of this product was represented in the
wages of citizen labor employed in instruo-
tion, in superintendence, in coal, in wear and
tear of machinery, in freights, and in other
items of free labur, leaving only 854,000 of ne
prison labor in the total output, @ sum equ
to the earnings of 120 men for 300 days at $1.50
a day. an amount too insignificant to appre-
ciably affect labor in a State having a popula-
tion of 7,000,000 people.

The annual cost of maintenance of the
three State prisons is about $500,000, It, there-
fore, appears that during the last year the
earnings of the prisoners in these prisons were
about 11 per cent. of the cost of their matn-
tenance, the taxpayers of the State paying
the other 89 per ceut, i order to prevent prison
labor from unduly competing with free labor.
The total cost to the State for prison buildings.
betterments and maintenance of all the pris-
ous, reformatories and iadustrial schools is
about a million and a@ half annually. The
annual @arnings, as above stated are about
3% per cent. of the total expendiiures, the
taxpayers paying the other 06'4 per cent, for
the protection of free labor. Under the con-
tract labor system ia many of the other States,
so great is the output of prison goods that
the dag ag are self-supporting and were at
one time in this State,

As a break-down of the present system
would inevitably lead to a return to the for-
mer system of contract labor, the efforts of
the labor unions of the State should be di-
rected to sustain the present system, as such
a change would be to the great injury of free
labor, In order to maintain the present sys-
fen, every industry should cheerfully bear
its per cent. of the common burden.”

 

ST. LOUIS POSSE DISMISSED,
No More Disorder Expected—Sample of the

Boycott Against the Company.

St. Lovis, Mo, June 26.—The Police Board to-
day ordered the dismissal of the posse comita-
tus. This action was taken at the request of
the Sheriff and because of tbe belief that the
Street car strike lias passed the lawless stage
and that consequently the regular police force |
should be able to cope with any disco der that
may arise. Several hundred Transit Company

employees have been sworn inas private watch-
men and will aid materially in protecting the
property of the company

The boycott against the Transit Company, its
employees and those who ride upon its cars is
being vigorously pushed Last night a bar-
keeper charged an emergency policeman $2 for
a drink. stating that it was the price of a drink
toa “scab” while $1 was the regular flrure fora
cigar

‘he Coroner's jury returned a verdict of
homicide by unknown parties in the case of
Richard H. Stilson, a motorinan, shot ina riot
on May 29 and who cied yesterday

All lines of the Transit Company are now
operated without interruption,

SSS ssl sss
_—_—_—— ee

 

Masons’ Laborers Want Doable Pay for Over-
time,

The Laborers’ Union Protective Society, oom-
posed of masons’ laborers, in the new yearly
agreement which it wants the Mason Builders’
Association to enter into with it has demanded
double pay for overtime. The union asks for
the renewal of the old agreement as jar as the
ordinary day's wages and hours of Jabor are
concerned. A meeting has been called for to-
morrow evening at the Building Trades Club to
consider the demand

More Unions Leave the Knights,

It was announced yesterday thot more unions
are leaving the Knights of Labor and Joining |
the American Federation of Labor owing to |
the splitin the General Executive Boord of the |
order. Among the largest of these are the
atationary engineers and the tiremen’s organi-
zations, which have applied to the American
Federation of Labor for charters.

SPANKING IN THE FIRE LINES,

 

Chief Croker, Worried by Small Boys at a
Tough Blaze, Takes One in Hand,

In fighting two fires last night Chief Croker
had two experiences with small boys. When
the Chief dashed through the fire lines around
a fire at 28 West Third street his automobile
struck a boy who had evaded the police and
got inside the lines. The boy was sent flying
and sustained a scalp wound and a shaking
up. He said he was Herbert Brant, 7 years |
old, of 9 East Kighth street,
home.

From this fire the Chief hurried to a two-
alarm blaze at Broadway and Crosby street.
Here again a stall boy had evaded the police

and was within the fire lines. The Chief
stumbled over him, and this made him mad.
He picked the boy up, threw him across his
knee and spanked him soundly. Then he set
the youngster down, took him by the ear and
led him outside the fire lines. The boy was
so scared that he could not tell his name.

The second fire was a nasty one to fleht.
It started in the rear of the tenth floor of the
nuilding at 504 Broadway, and burned on un-
checked till the crew of Engine 20, returning
from answering a false alarm, saw flames spout-
ing from the windows. The building at 596
Broadway was entered by mistake, and owing
to this it was twenty minutes before the first
water was thrown on the flames. In the mean-
time the fire had spread to the eleventh floor,
and both floors were burning flercely.

The water tower was put in Crosby street,
but it could not reach higher than the ninth
floor and its full force was lost. Inside the
building the firemen were beaten back again
and again by the heat and smoke, and it was
only after an hour's hard fight that they man-
aged to extinguish the flames. The fire had
started in the straw manufacturing place of
John Donat and had spread to the lace factory
of Zenan Brothers above. The lower floors were
damaged slightly by water. The loss is esti-
mated at $50,000,

“It was one of the hardest fires to fight I
ever saw,” said Chief Croker after the fire.
“The building was fireproof, but while that
saved the entire building from destruction,
it made it harder for the ‘Sremen to work, for
it was like fighting fire in an oven. The men
of Engine Companies 13, 81. and 20,fand of Truck
Companies 9 and 20 should be especially come
mended for the brave work they did.”

He was taken

 

DYING OF A MAN'S BITE.

 

A Finger of Corporal Barry Was Gnawed te
the Bone and Blood Poisoning Set In.

NEWBURGH, June 26,—Asithe result of a fight
at Cold Spring about a week ago, first a finger,
then the hand, and finally the arm of Corporal
Barry of West Point have been amputated,
and to-night the physicians have little hope of
his recovery.

Barry with some companions went to Cold
Spring and there became engaged in a fight.
In it the little finger o! his left hand was
gnawed to the bone by a Swede whose name is
notknown. Dr. Giles dressed the wound and
Barry returned to West Point

Blood poisoning déveloped and in the latter
part of last week the fincer was amputated. A
ew days later the hand was taken off, Still the
blood poisoning spread until to-day it became
necessary to amputate the whole arm close to
the shoulder. Theshock upon Barry's system
was great and although he,was astrong, robust
young man his temperature was such to-night
that little hope was entertained of his recovery.

The Swede left town when Barry's condition
became known. The | olice have received no-
tics to arrest him if he is found,

Girl Slashes Another With a Razor.

Mamie King, 23 years old, of 243 East 121st
street called on Maggie Glavin, 20 years old, of
118 Mott street last night and demanded to
know what Maggie meant by taking her sweet-
heart away from her. The Glavin girl slashed
Mamie with a razog, cutting her face open from
the left ear to tha nose. In the struggle she
cut her own ha too, Both girls were
locked up. ‘ -

‘
'

" "

ALSCHULER FOR GOVERNOR.

ILLINOIS DEMOCRATS MEET TO NAME
A STATE TICKET.

Carter Harrison's Candidate, Mr. Adam Ort-
esetfon, Beaten as Well Mr. Alfred Orendorff
—Altgeld Gets an Ovation and Goes to
Kansas City-Little Row Over Silver.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill., June 26,—Samuel Alschuler
of Aurora, Kane county, was nominated for Gov-
ernor by the Democratic State Convention here
at 7:30 o’olock this evening in one of the mot
exciting sessions ever seen in a State con-
vention of that party in Illinots. He won on

 

 

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.

|

GREAT RAINFALL IN MOBILE.

Record of 123.59 Inches Within Nine Hours
—Record Is Unprecedented.

Mosi1x, Ala., June 26.—Tho heaviest rainfall
in the history of the Weather Bureau of this
country was experienced here to-day
when 12.57 inches of rain was = pre
cipitated. It was merely a_ local rain,
exiending only a few miles in almost
every direction, although the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad announces that they bad rain in great
volume allalong their line to St. Louis, There
wis no cloudburst, but the fall was almost
dense enough to be mistaken for one.

The rain began about 4 0’clock in the morn-

 

the second ballot, defeating all his competitors. | ing and the heaviest fall was between the hours

He had only a margin of tive and one-half
votes over the bare majority of the
convention, receiving 608% votes while 603
were necessary to nominate. Mr. Alschuler
won his fight by good generalship; and
the loyal devotion of friends, s0pposed to
him were Gen. Alfred Orendorff, one of the
most popular men in the State and an old hand
in politics, Adam Ortseifen, the candidate
of the Cook county organization who received
from that body of shrewd politicians all the
support it could give him; Charles K. Ladd of
Kewanee, one of the most eloquent speakers
in the Demooratic party in Illinois, and N. E.
Worthington of Peoria, who has been looked on
aa one of the strongest Demoorata in the State.

Alechuler’s nomination oame in the nature of
agenuine demand for his candidacy by many
of the rank and file of his party. He madea
campaign that amouned to very little. He
attended but few county conventions and had
very fow delegates instructed for him.

The Cook county people under the leadership
of Mayor Harrison made good their promise to
stand by Ortseifen, the Chicago candidate,
to the end. They voted for him solidly on
both ballots. On the second roll call there
was a wavering in the line and a
few of the delegates wanted to break ranks
and go to Algchuler, but the perfect discipline
of the machine kept them in place, and it was
with a ring of defiance in his voice that John T.
Keiting, chairman of delegation, announced
on the second Daliots oa pee, buncred and
ninety-eight votes for Orteeifen.

The Cook county leaders could have done
nothing else, even had they been eo inclined.
Had they dropped Ortweifen at any mage in
the proceedings German voters in Chicago
would have believed that he had been byt up
only to be thrown down, they would have
resented it at the polls. » Cook county
leaders knew this and stood by Ortseifen.

pene Ro) at noon. ao eae
throu, 6 forms of a tempor: organ
nd then adjourned until 8 odock At that
our the cunvention reassembled and fe-
main in session until the candidate
for Governor had been nominated, Aside
from the nomination and its = ate
tending circumstances, the feature of
the afternoon session was the welcome atven to
John P. Altgeld He did not appear at the
morning session, He showed himaelf tn the
afternoon session at just the right moment for
his purpose.

The Committee on Credentials was not ready
to report and there was nothing before the oon-
vention, It wag decided to take a recess
until 5 o'clock, Just at thismoment Altgeld »p-
peared. He walked down the centre aisle
and instantly the cheers for began.
He mounted the stage and a seat
and the cheering continued. He waited,
but the convention insisted on hearing
him. Then he came forward and made th
speech of the convention and receive
a reception such as is always given Altgeld by
Illinois Democrats, such as they give no
other man in the party inthe Sta. Though
Altgeld was ignored in the selection af deie-
gates to the Kansas City Convention, he un-
doubtedly could have secured his election in
spite o! the Harrison crowd had he cared to
make the contest.

After naming the candidate for Governor the
convention adjourned till to-morrow, The
tlatform adopted by the Resolutions Com-
mittee, which will be presente to the
convention when it meets in the morning,
contains the various planks that have been
anticipated The Chioago platform is re-
affirmed. This was done atter a fight In the
Sub-Co:mittee and in the whole committee,
led by Alexander Beli of the Sixteenth district,
who wanted a specific indorse:nent of the silver
clause. The committee finally agreed to in-
dorse silver in the following terms

“We indorse in its whole and in all its parta,
and in its lett r_and jn its spirit, the platform
ado; ted by the Demooratic National Conven-
tion heid in Chicago in 18096.’

 

 

LUCKY THE GIRLS WERE THERE.

 

What to Do in Case of Fire With Mlastrations
by All Hands.

On the block opposite Madison Square
Garden in Fourth avenue the girls’ social club
of the neighborhood, about twenty strong,
was sitting oa chairs out on the sidewalk last
night. It was not a formal session. They
were talking about fires in tenements, and
each girl had something to say about what
particular thing she would do if a flre occurred
in her home late at night.

“T'll tell you.” said one.
smoke and lie down and die.
Ida?”

“Indeed, and I wouldn't,” replied Ida. “The
first thing I'd do would be to save ma and tell
pato jump outofthe window. ThenI wouldn't

“I'd just sniff the
Wouldn't you,

stop running until I got to Jersey ferry. What
would you do, Addie?”
“I'd turn in an alarm,” said Addie. “If a

fire was to break out this very minute I'd shout
to yougirls to pull all the doorbellsin the neigh-

borhood, rout out the tenants. run to the cor-
ner, alarm the Putnam House, and then I'd
pull the handle of that firebox on the corner,
walt till the engines got here and say; ‘Mr,
Fireman, there_is a fire up-—’”

“Fire! Fire! Fire!” sereamed the crowd of
girls, looking up at a sheet of flame that shot
from a window on the fourth floor of the house
at 377 Fourth avenue. They raninto the street
and added: “Oh! Oh! Oh!

“Here,” eommanded Addie, “do your duty.
Ring the bells of all the flats on the block. Quick!
I'll turn in an alarm.”

She ran to the Putnam House on the cor-
ner and told the clerk there was a fire. Then
she went to the fire alarm box threw open the
door and vanked the crank that turns in the
alarm, Each of the other girls went to a house
door and rang the flat Is. The tenants of
all the houses on the block swarmed into the
street. The fire engines gallo up, slowed
up, backed up, and got ready for business.
The battalion chief led a dozen men with hooks
up through the hall of 877. They found that
a curtain had been afire tn the apartments of
the Etienne family on the fourth floor. In
two minutes they were down again. The girls
clapped their hands and said they were good
firemen, the firemen blushed and went away,
the tenants on the block went back to their
rooms, the girls arranged their chairs and then
their back hair and sat down again,

“Wasn't it lucky we were here?” they said.

 

FRANCHISE TAX VALUATIONS,

 

A Proposition to Reduce Assessments to the
Same Ratio as Real Estate,

ALBANY, June 26.—The Buffalo Street Rail-
way Company has made overtures to the At
torney-General, as counsel for the State Tax
Commission, for a settlement for the valuation
placed upon its franchises under the Special
Franchise Tax law. The State Tax Com-
mission in administering this law felt it to be
its duty to place a full value upon all special

franchises, which under the special law are
taxed the same as real estate. Other real
estate, the State Board of Equalization finds, is
not assessed at its full value, but at ratios rang -
ing from 50 to 00 per cent

Real estate in Buffalo this
at 49 per cent, of its full value. The Buffalo
Street Railway Company's special franchises
were assessed at $3,100000 by the State Tax
Commission. An assessment at the prevailin
ratio for other real estate in Erie county woul
reduce the valnation to $2,201,000, It is under-
stood that the Aftorney-General’s Department
is inclined. to sees) t by stipulation such a re-
duction, It is stated that a similar reduction
might be accorded corporations in other locali-
ties,

The ratio of assessing real estate in Greater
New York, a8 found by the State Board of Equali-
zation last September, was New York county,
#4 per cent., Kings, 6& per cent.; Queens, sO
per cent., Richmond, 63 per cent.: Westchester,
per cent.—an average of 73 per cent, It
was expected that $4,500.000 would be raised
under the Special Franchise Tax law, caleu-
lations being based upon the final valuations
fixed by the State Tax Coinmission, but if the
local ratio of valuing real estate is adopted
by the courta in valuing special franchises,
the amount of revenue will be reduced by about
$1,000,000,

year is assessed

 

Arrested Again for the Goebel Murder,

LOUISVILLE, Ky.,"June 26.—John L. Powers,
who was Secretary of Stute under Gov. Taylor,
was arrested yesterday forthe second time ona
warrant charging him with complicity in the
murder of Senator Goebel. The first time he
was arrested he was taken before the
County Judge of nox county, where he lives,
and was promptly released, us he exhibited a
pardon granted by Gov. Taylor, whom the
Court recognized. To-day he went to Harlan
county, where he was rearrested. He at once
applied for a writ of habeas corpus, ;

—— LS SS ee ee
a

a

of 5 and 7, the record for the two hours being
five inches. The rest of the fall was recorded
between 7A.M.and2 P.M. The entire fall of
12.57 inchea being within nine hours. Only
oneé before in this country has this record been
nearly equalled, when on Sept. 3, 1893, in Don-
aldsonville, La, there was recorded a fall of
21.70 in thirty hours.

The damage done by the rain cannot be estl-
mated. Tho crops of th's region were ruined
and many bridges were washed away or
eeverely damaged. Al) of the coun-
try roads were rendered impassable, and
many of the railroad lines were put to great
trouble and the Mobile and Ohio train bound
south and due here at 8 o’clook to-night was
discontinued south of Citronelle, forty miles
north of here. This is owing to a washout
of 100 feet of track at Oak Grove.

The north-bound train leaving to-night has
been discontinued until further orders. The
Louisville and Nashville experienced a number
of small washouta, but there was only a elight
delay of trains on that ne. The Southern had
a washout of three and a half miles of track
between Mt. Vernon and Calvort and there was
no running of trains. All trains are annulled.

The weather observer at Montgomery «ives
notice that the rivers In the State are on a
heavy rise and will overlap their panks. This
will again flood the lowlands,

 

YELLOW FEVER ABATING.

Gen, Lee Getting the Disease Under Control
at Quemados,
Special Cabdie Despatch to THE SuN.

Havana, June %.—Thanks to the rigorous
measures adopted by (ien. Lee, the yellow
fever at Quemados is abating steadily. There
bas not been a new’ oase in four days. The
only thing that would cause alarm now is @
heavy rain All the civilian non-lmmunes
have been removed from the town to a special
camp where they are provided with tents
with good floors, They are fed by the Quar-
termaster's Department. They will be kept
in camp for five days. At the end of that time
those who have no homes will be allowed to
remain at the camp.

No non-immunes will be allowed to live tn
Quemadose until Nov. 1. The soldiers are not
permitted to enter the town unless they have
passes. If they are absent six hours without
leave they are arrested and sent to the deten-
tion camp for five days, and made to work.
The Infected zone has been located and all
the drinking shacks and saloons there have
been closed.

Since May 24 there have been twenty-six
cases of the disease. About eleven of the
patients are now convalescent. The probable
cause of the outbreak was the heavy rains
which flushed the sinks and deposited foul
matter in the sun. Camp Columbia is healthy,
it being high and splendidly drained.

The municipality of Havana haa sanctioned
the building of a system of electric street rail-
ways. The work is now going on and it is
expected that many oars will be in operation
before the year is ended. Thia is not a new
concession, the granting of which would be
a violation of the Foraker law, but a combina-
tion of two old concessions.

The new Mayors, Councilmen and Judges
will be sworn in on July 1. The form of oath
to be used will be the game as that employed
last year. The new office-holders will swear
allegiance to the military government.

 

 

JUMPS FROM A STEAMER AT SEA.

 

Third OMocer Cote of the Advance Com-
mite Suicide on the Trip to Colon,
Special Cable Despateh to THF SUN.

Coron, June 26.—The Panama S'eamship
Company's steamer Advance arrived here to-
day from New York. She reports that her
third officer, Cote, committed suicide last Sat-
urday by jumping Into the sea.

Mr. Howard Goald and Party at Antwerp.
Special Cable Despateh to THE SUN
ANTWERP, June 36—Mr. Howard Gould of
New York ana his party arrived here last night
on the yacht Niagara.

 

STOLE TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.

Adopted Son and the Butler Run Off With
Silver and Jewelry—Caught,

Yorkers, N. Y., June 26.—Adolph Weil, the
adopted son of Mr. and Mrs. W. Weil of Armour
Villa Park and William Rose, butler of the Weil
household, were arrested to-day for larceny.
Roundsman Lawrence received a_ telephone
message at the Yonkers sub-station in Bronx-
ville from Mrs, Weil saying that her house had
been robbed of silverware and jewelry. She
said her adopted son and the butler were the
thieves and that they had escaped with the
booty.

Lawrence ran to the house and learned that
young Weil and Rose had packed the articles
in a travelling bag while Mrs, Weil was rest-

ing. They locked all the doors of the house
and took the keys. A plumber who was at
work in the cellar saw them leaving. He broke
open a door and aroused Mrs, Weil. He caught
stant of the two thieves hurrying toward the
Tuckahoe station on the Harlem road. The
plumber darted across lotsto head the thieves
off. Lawrence followed at top speed. Just as
he arrived at the Tuckahoe station Con-
stable Thomas Finn arrested young Weil and
Rose. Lawrence opened the bag that Rose
waa carrying and discovered all the silver-
ware and a loaded pi: tol,

“If we knew you fellows were officers,” said
young Weil “we would have blown your heads
off with that. Your citizen clothes fooled us,”

When young Weil was searched four dia-
mond searf pins, a wold watch and chain, dia-
mond ear rings and three diamond rings were
found in the ining of his clothes. All the
articles were identified by Mrs. Well. Weil
and Rose were taken to Yonkers headquarters
and locked up. Well declares that he and
Rose had planned to pare the plunder and
then have a good time at Coney Island,

 

PLUTOCRAT ROGER Q. MILLS.

Former Texas Senator Coming East to Con-
fer With Standard Oi! Men,

Austin, Tex., June 26.—Former United States
Senator Roger Q. Mills, the oil magnate of Cor-
sicana, has gone Fastand it is reported that
one object of his visitis to confer with repre-
sentatives of the Standard (il Company rela-
tive to plans for the further development of
the extensive oll fleld at Corsicana. Mr. Miils’s
monty net income from his oil wells ts said to
exceed $12,000 and it is constantly increasing.
His large form is situated in the heart of the
oil fleld and itis being dotted with producing
wells, He says he is out of politics for good.

 

Gibbs's Ranch Transferred to Joe Bailey,

Dauuas, Tex., June 26.--The deeds and other
papers necessary for the transfer of the owner-
ship of the Grapevine Prairie Ranch of former
Lieut.-Goy. Gibbs to Congressman Joe Bailey
were placedon record here to-day. Bailey and
Gibbs went out to the ranch this evening,
They will return to Dallas to-morrow and start
for the Kansas City Convention on next Mon-
day.

Rode on the Elevator for Fan and Was Killed,

BALTIMORE, June 26.—Mrs. Louisa Klingel-
hoffer was instantly killed this morning about
9 o'clock by being caught between the elevator
and the fourth floor of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company warehouse on Fell street
She and a friend were amusing themselves
riding on the lift when the accident occurred,
Her head was caught between the rapidly
ascending veh cle and the floor, almost severing
itfrom herbody. She was 28 years old She was
empioyed at es warehouse as a labeller by
Mesars. Isaac Robinson & Co, fruit and oyster
packets.

 

Remember This—
When an advertiser has somethir
value to dispose of, he first goes to ies
advertising columns with it.—Ady,

 

of real
Sun's

 

indicates purity and
ing.
than any other label
found only on the

perfection in brew

It has been used on more bottles

in the world. It is
famous bottling of

Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n

St. Louis,

U.S.A.

Brewers of the original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anhe intent,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Mait.N Oe

 

WEEKLY CROP REPORT.

Unfavorable Weather Conditions for Both
Wheat and Cotton Announced.

Wasuinoton, June 26.—The weekly sum
mary of crop conditions issued to-day by the
Weather Bureau says:

The south Atlantic and central and eastern
Portions of the Gulf States, including portions
of the central Mississippi and lower Ohio val-
lays have suffered much from heavy rains,
while the severe drought over the northern
portion of the spring wheat region contintes
unbroken, only light showers having fallen
over limited areas, In the States of the lower
Missouri Valley and on the middle Atlantic |
Coast the weather conditions were highly fa- |
vorable, and generally favorable conditions |
prevailed on the Pacific const, except in the |
upper Sacramento Valley, where rains caused
Some damage.

Corn has made favorable progress in the |
Great corn States of the central valleys and ts |
in a good state of cultivation except in por-
tiona of the central Missisatppi and Ohio val- |
leys, where many flelds are weedy. In the |
Southern States east of the Mississippi River
corn has suffered seriousty from excessive
rains and is badly in need of cultivation,

In Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska and por-
tions of Missouri winter wheat harvest has
continued under favorable conditions, but in
the central Mississippi and Ohio velleys it has
been interrupted by heavy rains, which have
also caused much damage to wheat in shock.
Harvesting has made good progress under
favorable conditions in the middle Atlantio
States, Throughout the south Atlantic and
east Gulf States there is alao much complaint
of injury to wheat in shock, The outlook on
pe aciiic coast continues promising, except
b the Williamette Valley, where a poor crop
is indicated.

Spring wheat has further deteriorated over
the northern portion of the spring wheat region
as a result of continued unfavorable weather
conditions, no rain, or only Ught showers over
lunited areas, having fallen. In North Dakota
the early sown is reported as practically dead
and another week of unfavorable weather will
almost completely ruin the late sown. In
North Dakota and Minnesota flelds are being
ploughed up for other crops. While the out
ook in South Dakota is more gnoouraging,
not more than one-half a crop is promised.
In Iowa the crop is doing fairly well.

Except in Texas and Oklahoma cotton has
experienced very unfavorable weather condi-
tions and the crop is generally very grassy,
rust and lice being extensively reported through-
out the central and eastern portions of the
cotton belt. Too rapid growth is also re-
perted from the central portions of the belt,
while growth has been checked by low tem-

eratures in North Carolina, Some fields in
pottom lands in Missiasipni and Tennessee
have been abandoned. In Texas the bulk of
the crop is now clean and a general improve-
ment is reported, except in some portions of
the eastern and central portions of the State,
where flelds have been abandoned on account
of grass. Boll weevil is causing damage in
southern, Texas, In the uplands of Tennessee
and porféens of east South Carolina cotton is
generally tn good corflition,

 

 

 

THEY WANT ACTIVE DUTY.

 

Many Retired Naval Officers Seek Assign-
mentse—Old Fellows Among Them,

WASHINGTON, June 26.--The first retired
naval officer to be assigned to active duty
under the new law permitting such assignments
in time of peace is Lieut. (Junior grade) Rich-
ard H. Townley, who resides in Philadelphia,
He was to-day ordered to sail from San Fran-
cisco on the steamer leaving July 10 and report
for duty at Manila. Lieut. Townley was re-
tired on June 29, 1887. He recently applied |
for active service on account of the Chinese |
crisis, saying that he had recovered from the
disability which caused his retirement

A nunaiber of other retired officers have ap-

lied for active service, but most of them are
oo old or have too high rank. There are
enough officers of command rani on the active
li-t to meet all the requirements of the Navy
Department, but there is a great shortage in
officers of the grade of Lieutenant and below.
Some offieers more than 70 years of age |
have applied for active service. The Depart-
ment desires retired officers to know that its

|
|

need is for those of the lower grades, below
command fank, to serve as watch and division
officers, and also for engineers capable of doing
hard work. All the retired officers who may
be selected for duty will be sent to the Asiatic
station

The officers assigned to inspection duty
in connertion with the constriction of the
battleship Wisconsin have sent this telegram
to the Navy Department from San Francisco:
“Ready to go to China at short notice if
services required.” Itissigned by Cart. Reiter,
Lieutenant-Commander Mayo, _ Lieutenant-
Commander Milton, Lieut. MeElroy, Lieut.
Ackerman and Lieut. Vogelgesang.

 

REVENUE RECEIPTS.

INTERNAL

An Increase Shown for May and Also for the
Past Eleven Months.

WASHINGTON June 26,--The internal revenue
receipts for the eleven months ending June 4,
1900, as compared with those for the corres
sponding period last year show an increase of
$19,014,812, the total receipts bein $267,211,955.
Collections on several items showed decreases,
the largest being under schedule A of the War
Revenue act, $2,014,476 ’

The total receipts for May were $23,500,782,
an increase of $523,062 over those of May, 1899.

Taxes onspirits amounted to $5,060,099, an In-
crease of $861,854; on tobacco $5,010,127, a de-
crease of $215,187: on fermented liquors, $7,204,-
417, an increase of $440,332; on ocleomarg. rine,
$144,173, an increase of $20,614; apecial taros,
$16,762, a decreas# of $3,363; miscellaneous, $3,-
685,163, a decrease of $582,228.

Army and Navy Orders,
WASHINGTON, June 26,—These army orders were

issued to-day

Second Lirut. Otto B. Grimm. Volunteer Signal
Corps, from Fort Myer to San Francisco for transpor-
tation t» Manila.

Major Wiliiam Db, monet Surgeon Captain and As-
sistant, U. S A., honorably discharged from the Vol-
unterr service only.

Lieut Col. Benjamin F. Pope, Deputy Surgeon-Gen-
eral, and First Lieut. Caristupher C Collins, Assistant
Surgeon, detailed as members of the Examining
Board at San Francisco, vice Majors Philip F. Har
vey and Robert J. Gibson, surfeons, relleved.

Acting Asaistant Surgeon John R. Devereux, to
Washingtor Barracks.

Acting As istant Surgeon August A, Neuel from
New York to Havana,

Major George S. Grimes, Second Artillery, assigned
as Acting Inspector General, Department of Havana
and Pinar Del Rio

These assigninents toregiments of officers recently
promoted are announced, Major Asber C.'laylor from
the Second Artillery to the Fourth Artillery; Capt.

darry L. Hawthorne from the Stath Artillery wine
Second Aruilery, Battery 0,

First Lieut. William J. Snow, Seventh Artillery,
transferred from Battery L to Light Battery M

Capt, Frederick E. Phelps, detalied as professor of
military science and tactics atthe North Carolina Col-
lege of Agricullwe and Mechanic Arts.

First Uleut John Crotty, Fortieth Infantry, having
been found physically disqualified, has been honor
ably discharged,

Acting Assistant Surgeon George HH. Crabtree from
Chicago to San Francisco.

 

These naval orders were Issued:

Cadets BG, Barthalow. J. C Kress, C. A. Gardi-
ner and C, T. Wade tothe Chicago, sailing from New
York July 5 E

Cedets k P. Svarse, E. H. Dodd and H. C. Cocke
to the Philadelphia, July 12

Cadets ©, bP. thu, EB. Seranton, R. Morris and
H. T. Winston to the lowa, July 12,

Lieutenant Commander J. C. Colwell, order of JuneS
modified to take steamer on uly 10 from San Fran-
ciseo to Asiatic aotes nome’ of June 30,

Chiet Boatswain P. Haley to the Richmond

  

¥

Ils Crowning, Virtues Ara

it is a straight Whiskey,
made by the’ BAND»
MADE SOUR MASH

process from the 7
Crow formula,

who use

Old

Crow
e

once prefer it to any
other. ‘

H B KIRK & CO., Sole Bottters, i ¥.

   
   

en

KEEP AWAY FROM SOUTH AFRICA,

 

Warning te Young Americans Not to Ship en
British Male and Horse Transports,

WABsHINGTON, June 26.—The Btate Depart~
ment has just received from Consul General
Stowe at Cage Town a@ report about fhe ahip-
ment of American citizens at New O: and
other points on British transports carrying
mules and horses to South African ports, He
says that hundreds of young Amertoans ship
for the vovage at from $10 to $16 for the trip,
They arrive in South Africa withous means
and while some of them enlist in the army,
others become objects of charity and others re-
ship, These young men are apparently of the
option that they shipped for the retern wye

age, but thetr papers do not so
The most annoying feature o

Mr. Stowe aye, is t

flooded with lettars

tives at pompe f theee Ame

demands 8 :

investigati gp snowld be deve ther
He ad t fe ht to Rade

  

oung men that
that th oe cannot afford

rat the oo
and send them home, even rs
that money will be sent him in process
of the mail.”

ti
use

 

SUPERPOSED TURRETS ORDERED.

The Changed Specifications ef the New Bate
tleships Approved,
WaSsHINaTON, June 26.—The Naval Board en
Construction met to-day and approved the
specifications for the battleships Pennsvévania,
New Jersey and Georgia, which hed been

changed to agree with the decision
board that these ships shall bave noe

turrets,
the

 

The board decided to recommend

Secretary of the Navy that Cot
rine torpedo boats authort y
two shall be constructed on the Paoifie

and four on the Atlantic const.

 

First Automobile to Go to Porte Rice,

WASHINGTON, June 26.~-The first selfpro=
pelling carriage ever on the Island of Porte
Rico will be taken there in a few days by Wale
lace Donald McLean of Washington
C Esterly of the office of the iar bt
Kico. Mr. McLean is a nephew of Lieu ‘te
Commander McLean, in comman

Vv.
Allen's yacht Mayflower, and is ing
island to leok over the business pr See om

| Esterly, who is on avacation in Wash
a son of Deputy Auditor Estorly of the Beate

Department,

 

Movements of Naval Vessels,

WASHINGTON, June 26.-The gunboat Wewe
port has arrived at Newport, the cruiser Michie
gan at Put-in Bay, the flagship New York and
the battleship Kearsarge at Newport a
Osceola at New Bedford - as Se

The Wompatuck has sailed from New Bedford
for New York

The battleships Indiana, Texas and M
chusetts are engaged in target practice
Newport

The training ship Topeka will be ready for

; Bea about Aug. 3

 

GATEWAY TO A YALE HERO.)

Class of '07 Presents the University With @
Monauinent to T, W, Miller,

New Haven, June 26.—During the meeting
of the Yale alumni to-day George P wmelee Day,
‘o7, of New York city, in responding for
his class sad the cluss had beon dubbed the
“notorious 07." because they tried
to parade on the green with Wiilam J. Bryan
and a bard at the same time, But he said that
the class nade itself felt allover the country

Mr. Day then mentioned the record of Theos
dore W. Maier, the Rough Rider of the cyano
‘97, who met death in Cuba, and in be o!
the class formalls pregentead the Miller gate.
way, between Battell Chapel and Durfee I,
to the university. President Hadley fo y
accepted the gateway and said that no leever
soldier died in the Spanish warthan Mill
The gateway, he said, would be a reminder
the loyal Yale spirit which prompted the young
man

‘Lam glad to see the classof'07 arrayed int
uniforin of blue in his honor.” Dr, Hadley gai
“and may his memory live as long as the stoneg
which compose the gateway in his honor.”

The speech was greeted with loud applause,

MRS, LOWE REJECTS A BEQUEST.

class of

 

 

President of the Women's Clab Federaties
Declines to Accede to Her Ilusband's Will,
ATLANTA, Ga., June 24.—Mrse. Rebecca D,

Lowe has declined to accept that part of her

late husband's will which gives her 80 per cent.

of the property at 30 Whitehall street. The
bequest was made on condition that Mrs. Lowe
would in her will leave her property. to

children, Mra. J. W. English, Jr., and W,

Lowe, Jr. Mrs. Lowe was unwilling to allow her

husband to decide what she should do with her
roperty, She makes a stand for her rights

n the matter when she says
“Lelect to retain the rights of disposition of

my own property, which is now unfettered,”
The decision of Mrs. Lowe is of more thi

ordinary interest and significance in view o}

the fact that she is President of the Ge

Federation of Women's Clubs. In hia will Mr,

Lowe aaid he had previously gtven his wife the

property at 41 Whitehall street and 70 per cent,

of the property at 39 Whitehall street,
By accepting the additional 30 per cent. o

89 Whitehall street Mrs, howe would have o

the whole of the property at 30 and 4 White:

hall street during life.

Woman Hart by a Runaway Cab Horse, *

An automobile scared James Haverty's hane
soin horse at Twenty-first street and Broadway
last night and it bolted to Fifth avenue, where
itscattered a group of persons who were crogsg-
ing the street. Mrs Hettie Davis of 300 Weag
Fortieth street was knocked down and br:
but was notseriously burt. Haverty was are
rested, but as Mrs. Davis refused to make@
complaint against him he was released, .

 

TE tat ta

el OO ee ee

Se ee

. PP ncteeesinnMaaiandls < Giants

—-

A TT me