pe

i

i
4

 

 

a

 

Sun,

 

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1000,

 

 

 

Subseriptions by Maj!, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month. .....ceeee 80 50
DAILY, per Year. oc. ce cee ever eeeeees . . 600
SUNDAY, per Year veaebecavaseesnepatees 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY per Yeat...- see 00

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month. ......-- > 70
Postage to foreign coun tries added.
Tae SUN, New York City.

PARIs—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

1 our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in ali cases send stamps for that purpose

 

 

 

 

_America and China,

The Government of the United States has
for a present duty the protection of its
citizens in China, For that no effort can
properly be spared, and the propriety of
complete codperation with the European
forces is not debatable.

With American citizens and American in-
terests safe, the next thing to be desired is
the preservation of the integrity of the
Chinese Empire. With that we are certain
to trade more advantageously than with
sections of it under the sovereignty of Euro-
peans.

If, however, which is scarcely probable,
China should be doomed to immediate ex-
tinction as China, would it be well for the
United States to demand a slice of her ter-
ritory, like the other Powers?

Not unless we are ready formally to
annul the force of the Monroe Doctrine
ooncerning the Western Hemisphere. That
the United States are not ready to do.

The Republican Plank of 1856.

If we understand our esteemed contem-
porary, the New York Evening Post, it de-
nies that the doctrine of the full legislative
power of Congress over territory belonging
to the United States was asserted in the
Republican platform of 1860, or in the Re-
publican platform in any other campaign,
The Evening Post says:

“It should be explained thatnosuch plank as that
which Gen. GROSVENOR quotes was in the plat
form on which ABRAHAM LINCOLN waseclected Prest
dent, and that the Republican party had no such
watehword In its first great battle, or In any battle
The platform of 1569 satd: ‘The new dogma thatthe
Constitution, of (ts own force, carries slavery into any
or all of the Territories of the United States Is a dan
eroua political heresy,’ &o., which ts quite a different
thing from the Grosvenor McKinley paragraph.”

Perhaps not so different a thing as our
esteemed contemporary supposes, The
same doctrine may be asserted with equal
force in different forms, the form being
determined generally by the practical appli-
cation which happens at the time to be
uppermost in interest.

For example, the subjoined plank is from
the very first national platform of the
Republican party, the platform of 1858:

* Resoleed, That the Constitution eonfers upon
Congress sovereign power over the Territortes for their
government, and that in the exercise of this power it
te both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit
in the Territories those twin relics of barbartsin,
polygamy and slavery."

That was forty-four yearsago. It does
not appear that Republican committees and
sub-committees on resolutions in those days
were nervous over the possibility of getting
the platform into a poasible controversy
with a possible future decision of the United
States Supreme Court.

The Dismissal of the Licutenant-Gov-
ernor of British Columbia.

An interesting Constitutional question
has been raised by the removal of Mr.
McInnzgs from the Lieutenant-Governor-
ship of British Columbia, and the appoint-
ment to that office of Sir Henri Jory, hith-
erto Minister of Inland Revenue in the
Dominion Cabinet.

It is, of course, understood that, under
the British North America Act, which em-
bodies the Constitution of the Dominion
of Canada, the Lieutenant-Governor of a
Province represents the Crown therein
precisely as the Governor General does
in the Dominion at large. Theoretically,
he reigns, but does not govern, the execu-
tive functions being discharged in reality
by the head of the Provincial Ministry
which is responsible to the popular branch
of the Provincial Legislature. Such is
the theory, but, in practice, two questions
have arisen: First, has a Lieutenant.
Governor the right to dismiss a Provincial
Premier who commands the support of
the Legislature? Secondly, under what
circumstances is a Jieutenant-Governor
himself liable to removal’ There seems
to be no doubt that the first of these in-
quiries must be answered in the affirmative
A Conservative Lieutenant-Governor of
the Province of Quebec dismissed a Liberal
Premier, although the latter was backed
@ the time by a majority of the Lew
wre, Many Liberals then contende
the Lieutenant-Governor had — thereby
transcended bis prerogative, but he did
only what his prototype, the Queen of
Great Britain and Ireland, has an acknow!-
edged right to do

It is generally admitted, however, on both
sides of the Atlantic, that the Queen or her
representative can have recourse to the ex-
pedient but once; that is to say, if, inthe con-
eral election which follows bis removal. adia-
missed Premier shall obtain a majority in the
new Legislature, he must be accepted as the
executive head of the Government by the
Queen or her representative. Now let us
see what Licutenant-Governor
did, He dismissed a Provincial Govern-
ment which was able to supply evidence

1 that

that it commanded a majority of the
British Columbia Assembly, and mace
Mr. Josgpu Martin Premier. This act

was condemned by an almost unanimous
vote on the part of the Legislature then
existing. The Tieutenant-Governor gave
his nominee weeks in which to form a new
Government and months to prepare for a

contest at the ballot box. Neverthel:
at the recent election, Mr Manrin was
overwhelmingly defeated Soon atter the

assembling of the newly elected Legishiture, |

the large majority of members, returned
ror the purpose of Martin
Gevernment, passed a resolution asking
for the disnissal of Lieutenant-Governor

opposing the

McINNES. With this request the Governor
General has complied, as Sir Winruip
LAURIER announced on Friday of last

weel, at the opening of that day's session
of the Dominion Pariiament

We come now to the
raised by the ineident,
Lieutenant-Governor McInnes afford a
suMeient ground for his removal? Tet
us see what Sir Winrripd Lariirr said
about the matter on a former oecasion
In the Letellier case, the present Premier
of the Dominion propounded the following
‘wastitations! doctrine: “As regards the

second

Dit

question

the act of

lat |

McINNESs |

 

 

Lieutenant-Governor, the law says that he
shall be removable for cause; but what can
a cause be? I believe that the causes of
removal can well be offences of a personal
| character, If, for instance, a Lieutenant-
| Governor, by some grossly dishonorable
| conduct, should bring the dignity of the
| Crown into contumely, this and similar
| offences might be causes of removal; but,
if he sticks within the circle of his functions,
however tyrannical his acts may be, he is
not removable, because he is covered by
Ministerial responsibility. He is amenable
to the people, who can set him right, if they
believe him wrong, and undo what he has
done.” Now, was Lieutenant-Governor
Mcinnes's act in dismissing Mr. MARTIN'S
predecessor covered by Ministerial respon-
sibility because it had the approval of Mr.
MARTIN, the new appointee? From the fact
that on proceedings were taken against Mr.
McINNes until after the recent Provincial
election, we infer that Sir  WiLeRID
LAURIBR’S answer would be this; “Mr.
McINNrs’s removal of the former Premier
would have been covered by Ministerial
responsibility, had the people ratifled his
act at the ballot box by giving a majority
to his appointee, Mr. Martin. As they
refused thus to ratify his act, it is not cov-
ered by Ministerial responsibility.”

This view cannot be reconciled with that
propounded by another distinguished
Liberal, Mr. Mitis, who, commenting on
the Tetellier case, said: “The honorable
gentlemen opposite would not pretend
that the Queen would be forced to abdicate
if, after dismissing her Ministry, the new
Ministry failed to get the support of Par-
liamgnt.” And again: “ Lieutenant-Gov-
ernors would occasionally make mistakes,
But the Constitution in each Province poa-
sesses sufiicient safeguards to set these
matters right, and there would be less
danger from allowing them to be adjusted
by public opinion within the Province
than by undertaking to make the Dominton
Parliament a regulating body for the Prov-
inces, a censorious body to exercise super-
vision over the acts of Lieutenant-Govern-
ore.” That is to say, according to Mr,
Miits, the Lieutenant-Governor of British
Columbia, recognizing that the people
had refused to sustain his nominee, Mr.
MARTIN, would be obliged to accept for
Premier the person selected by the ma jority
of the new Provincial Assembly, It was,
therefore, needless to remove him in order
to vindicate the principles of representa-
tive government and Ministerial account-
ability

 

 

New York Republicans

Some of our esteemed Democratic con-
temporaries in the West and South are
getting or trying to get comfort from rumors
or vain imaginations of factional quarrels
among the New York Republicans, They
think they hear rumblings of rage in New
York and organization and anti-organiza-
tion Republicans swatting one another
tremendously, A thunderstorm with a
Democratic rainbow at the end of it.

Now there are so many Republicans
in New York that there must be differences
of opinion among them, often aa to methods,
sometimes as to candidates, and as to this,
that and the other thing. There is an
immense amount of energy in the Republi.
can party of New York, and sometimes
it throws out considerablé heat. Some-
times the man who runs with the machine
may assert with too much emphasis that
the man who doesn't run with the machine
is a pragmatical prig; and the latter, in a
moment of irritation, may feel called upon
not to hide his opinion that his organi-
gation brother is a boss bent upon ruining
the party

Conventional compliments. The Repub-
lican party of New York State is a very
independent concern. In refreshing frank-
ness of expression the Republicans of New
York can't be beaten. But there are times
when they are united and then they are
invincibie. This year they are one in
supporting the Republican platform and
the Republican candidates, There will
be no organization and no anti-organiza-
tion Republicans. There will be = only
McKinley and Roosevelt Republicans,

N. B. To the Democrats in the South
and West: Don't believe all you hear and
at least not more than half of what you
invent

 

Democrats and Boers.

In the platform of their county conven-
tion the Chieago Democrats “espectally
deplore the cowering attitude of the Pres-
ident ana his advisers in refusing consola-
tion and sympathy to the heroic Boers in
their struggle for the independence of the
Transvaal Republic.” This sort of resolu-
tion is common in minor Democratic plat-
forms, Something of the kind will be
pat into the Kansas City platform. The
Detiocrats, especially those of the extreme
Bryanite like Lentz and CHamp
Crank, have been trying to make a

| Specialty of sympathy with the Boers and
have acensing the Administration
| of failing in its duty, somehow or other,
to the South African republics,

| Can any man of sense be deceived by the
| Democratic babble on this subject? Is
| there any Demoerat who does not know
| that the United States, in offering its good

school

heen

offices, did all that it could do as to the

war between the South Africa republics

and Great Britain and did more than any

European State was willing to do? These

good offices being refused, there was no
j more for the United States to do in the
| matter unless it was willing to begin war
| with Great Britain for the sake of stopping
j tie war in South Africa. How many men
would vote to declare war
| with Great Britain on account of the South
African war?) How many men in the
country at large would support such a
declaration?

The attitude of the Administration has
been dignified and correct, as far as porsible
from “cowering.” It is not the Govern.
ment's business to take sides in a conflict
between two countries with which it is
on friendly terms. The Boer Envoys did
not come after sympathy. They know
that the Americans sympathize with them.
Under false tuition they may have been
led into believing that the people wish to
go farther than the Administration and
to hope that the election of Bryan would

inh COTA OSe

moan the armed interference of the United |

States in South Africa,

The notion is an absolute delusion. The
Democrats have intention of doing
anything for the Boers, but they hope to
do something for themselves by misrepre-

he

senting the course of
an | by preten

pions of the Boers = We don’t believe that

 

the Administration |
ling to be the especial cham. |

¥
‘

   

| that ite interests shall be put before those
| of any other nation, The Democratio

| Buncombers, for campaign purposes only,
| are so extremely pro-Boer that they forget

| to be pro-American.

 

| Hive We Two-Minute Trotters?

Something interesting is bound to come
of the attention trotting men are giving
to the Speedway as a field for the two-
minute trotter ‘The footing on that road
hes proven to be good enough for the very
greatest flights of speed, and it is straight
A horse that rounds the curves of anordinary
track within a very few seconds of the two
minutes may not unreasonably be expected
to reach the ideal mark when tried on a
mile stretch requiring no change of stroke
from end to end,

Among runners the difference between
a mile on a course that curves and one on
a course absolutely straight has been proven
to be more than four seconds, Take four
seconds off the record of Alix, 2.08%, and
we have 1:60%. But with trotters, hauling
after them a pair of wheels, which around
the turns are particularly disadvantageous,
the difference should be greater. It Is
not at all improbable that among the active
flyers of the land, the lowest record among
which is The Abbot's, 2:06, there are several
able to cover the cholcest mile on our Speed-
way in two minutes.

Mile trials cannot safely be made a regu-
lar amusement on the Speedway, but,
for the sake of demonstrating the actual
power of horse flesh, a few of them will be
altogether proper.

 

The Lectures for the People.

The twelfth year of the Free Lecture
system of the Board of Education in the
“old city” ended on April 30 last, and the
supervisor, Dr. Henry M. LeirsiGER, has
made his report on the work of the year.

The first course of lectures waa given in
1880, when six halla were used, and 186
lectures were given to about 22,000 persons.
During the course just ended, forty-eight
places were used, 1,871 lectures were given,
and 538,084 persons attended them. More
persons attended than ever before, though
the mimber of lectures was less by fifty-two
than in the preceding year, ‘This fact shows
an increased average attendance.

Dr. LerpsigER says that the experience
of twelve years has enabled the depart-
ment to group the lectures into two great
classes: those which are elementary and
intended primarily to prove an antidote to
the temptations of the city; and those
whose sole purpose ia to follow a definite
line of study. During this last year the
former class has not been increased, but the
number of lectures in the latter has been
enlarged. In the preceding season the
plan was begun of giving, at certain places,
lectures on only one or two subjects during
the year. The same plan was continued
this last season; at St. Bartholomew's
Lyceum Hall, lectures on physics were
given each Saturday night from Oot, 1 to
May 1 It 1s proposed to continue the
lectures on physics at this place for two
years longer, unti) a four years’ course
shall be given. Many of the attendants
are very regular, and Dr. Lrirstorr thinks
this plan wholly feasible,

The lectures are given in all parta of the
boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx,
There were lectures in Fordham and on
City Island, and others in the school at
Albany and Carlisle streets; some were
given at the American Museum of Natural
History, and others at Columbus Hall,
attached to the Paulist Church; others
were heard at the Baron de Hirsch Trade
School, and at the Art Students’ League
hall. Cooper Union held the largest audi-
ences; the Institute Hall, 222 Bowery,
drew the next largest numbers, Public
School No. 154, way up at St. Ann's avenue
and 147th street, had a larger number than
any other school.

let us see what the fare offered to the
seekers for intellectual food was. Dr.
LErPsiGER says “the character of the lecture
course was very serious.” Four physicians
gave each a course of five lectures on first
aid to the injured; other physicians gave
single lectures, on such subjects as diges-
tion, the prevention of colds, and foods.
A course of ten lectures was given on
mechanics and electricity; one of six lect-
ures was offered on the theory of sound
and ita application to music; there were
other courses on physics, and single lect-
ures on the horselesa city, wireless teleg-
raphy and similar subjects; courses on
the aun, on anthropology, on nature study;
there were lectures on history, in courses
of from two to ten, besides single talks on
biographical subjects. The very latest
history was not neglected. Soldiers of
the Spanish war lectured on their expe-
riences, and a naval officer told of the gun
and the man behind it. The city of New
York had its history told and its govern-
ment analyzed; and there were “travel
lectures” by dozens of men and women:
One of the American delegates to The Hague
Peace Convention told what happened
there; there were lectures on belles-lettres
and esthetics, On SHAKESPFARE and STR
VENSON, On RUSKIN and KiIpLIRxG; courses
of lectures on great musicians, and single
lectures on patriotic songs and war songs,
on architecture and on painting, Surely
this list is enough; but it is only a selection
from Dr, LrersiGer's report,

The lectures given on Mondays and
Thursdays attracted more than 250,000
auditors; Tuesday's lectures drew nearly
100,000; Wednesday called 67,000 persons
to its lectures, and Friday nearly 52,000,
Saturday, after the week's work was over,
brought 65,000 to the lecture halla, to hear
solid explanations of sclentifle subjects,

Who hear these lectures? Dr, LerpsicEr
says: “No gathering could be more demo-
cratic than that which gathers in these
lecture halls, including all grades in our
social life and representing all elements,”
“ The lectures have been held in the aasem-
bly rooms of schools, where old men and
women, after climbing sixty-five sieps,
have sat down on benches built for children
They have been held on the playground
floor, or in halls the use of which was given
or hired. In all these places, comfortable
or uncomfortable, large audiences have

| greeted the speakers.” “One attendant
| at the lectures,” says the supervisor, “ wrote
to me: ‘ These lectures have been a benefit
to me in several ways. They have taught
me why things are so, and have helped
me to reason out why things are so, and
have made me a better mechanic, which
fact my employer has realized and appre-
clated,”"" Another person wrote: “ The
workingman is too tired to read, but he will
listen and absorb the fruits of the lesson of

any American is ignorant enough to be | the systematic lecturer.’ Still another
deceived by the Democratic Buncombe | attendant says: “A party of friends and
about the Boers and the Administration. Lhave, every clear night this season walked
Undoubtedly the majority of Americans | five miles to hear these lectures,” Aci

sympathize with the Boers, Undoubtedly,
also, the majority of Americans sympa-
| thize with the United States, and wish

All these facts give force to Dr, LxErp.
SIGER'S request, suggested rather than
| made, that in every future schoolhouse

@ well-equipped and well-ventilated hall
be provided, where children can be taught
and adults can listen in comfort to the
public lectures,

Dr. LEIpsiGER has managed these public
lectures for so many years that their suc-
cess may be said practically to be due to
him. We congratulate him on his work.
That the lectures are appreciated his re-

port shows.
a

Bryan and Croker.

All owe a respectful salutation to Mr
Ricnarp Croker. With his very finest
quality of bluntness in thought and speech
he faces the Democratic situation squarely,
and says that Bryan and 16 to 1, coupled
because inseparable, make the first and de-
termining Democratic plank.
cratic party is identified with the grand
fraud of free silver, at least, says Mr.
Croker, let us not descend to the petty
humbug of trying to conceal the fact.
Mr Croker is to be thanked for his frank-
ness and admired for his courage.

As New York will be as usual the central
battlefield of the approaching campaign,
and at the same time supplies a Democratic
politician of great prominence and power
in the complete harmony with the Chicago
platform which Mr, BRYAN very creditably
insists upon in all candidates for Vice-
President, only the accident of birth in
Ireland is conclusive against Mr. CROKER's
nomination. But the man finally chosen at
Kansas City will have to equal the Croker
model, That being so it is evident that
if the Sioux Falls nominee, the Hon,
Cuaries A, Towne, is not taken he will
have to be rejected on some other ground
than political fitness,

There will b» general pleasure and content-
ment at seeing Gon, ADNA R. CHAFPER In com-
mand of the American forces in China,

The Michigan Democrats have found a CiN-
CINNATUS of think they have, He isthe Hon,
Patrick Henry GiiKey, and they believe that
he is the inevitable man to nominate for Gov-
ernor. He isa farmer. Hels also a business
man, He likes to how! against Wall Street, and
he is somewhat of a plutocrat. The Potato Pin-
gree brand of Stateamars!ip seems to be much
cultivated by the Wolverines.

 

The Harvard crew, at this season the persone
{fieation of all Harvard mes, has had the harsh-
est sort of misfortune in the disabling of its
stroke oarsman on the eve of the race with
Yale. But vietory has come to others even after
blows of greater severity. Hard luck demands
harder rowing

After al], however, the fellows more to be pit-
ied are the Yale men. By no pos-ibility now
oan they win very great glory; nor can Harvard
lose much; whereas, if Harvard should actually
win with HARDING in HiGoinson’s seat, her tri-
umph would be the reddest in her history,

 

Do the voters of America realize what another four
years of this trust rule would mean?—Washington
Times.

If the next four vears should be what the
Democratic platform would have to call
“ worse’ than the four now ending, the voters
of America will be likely to ery for them.

The Wasiington Anti-Imperialist Teague
“begs the honor of tendering to Senator Petti-
GREW this expression of its warm thanks and
great adiniration for the unflinching courage,
the unflagging industry, the genius in marshall-
ing facts and the ability in presenting them,
which have marked his tireleas vigil on the
akirmish line in defence of the declaration of
our patriot sires,” and so on, The league
“congratulates South Dokota upon her wis-
dom in sending to the national councils a feare
lesa man whose deflint attitude in behalf of
human rights has given him honorable fame
wherever the English language ts spoken, and
bas made him ina peculiar and gracious sense
the representative of tens of thousands of
people in every State in the Union,”

All anti-imperialist literature is comic, but
these resolutions are the most comic in the lot
They are worthy of the Washington League
and of PETTIGREW

 

The Hon. Carter Harrrson and his Cook
County Democracy hurl hot resolutions at the
Trusts, Naturally, the Hon, CanTER HAKRISON
and his Cook County Democracy have selected
as their favorit’ candidate tor the Democratic
pomination for Governor of Illinois the Secre-
tary of a Trust. The Democrats seem unable
to keep burlesque out of the antl-Trust show,

Can it be true that the Hon. Jor Bailey has
become the owner of 6,000 acres of land in
Texas. Has any one man a reht to hold so
much of the soil?) Must not the proprietor of
so much land be a monopolist and « plutocrat,
full of greed and commerce alism, Is the Hon.
Jor BAILEY an expansionist, aftor all?

Sooners

No Street Railway in Elm Street!

To THE Evrror oF Tur SUN—Sir: Notice has
deen given through the press that Mayor Vau Wyck
has fixed June 26, at 11 o'c'ock, fora public hear
ing on the application of a street railroad to be placed
on the surface of Elm street from Centre street to
Great Jones street

In view of the fact that Elm street was opencd from
the Bridge to relieve Hroadway soas to allow trucks
and carriages 4 chances to drive uptown withou'! seri
ousdanger on the East Side, between Broadway and
the Bowery (the only two streets leading uptown),

and the further fact that this partof Fim street te the
narrowest part of the improvement, {t does seem that
some opposition by this time should have been shown,

The railroad ts totally unnecessary and | the be-

Inning of an effort to build & new trolley line on
fim street from the Bridge up and again forcing pri
vate vehicles from any free entranes to the ridge

It does seem that the greatest efty on thie con-
tinent takes the smallest view of the rights and privi
Jewes of the cttizens of any city In the country nno
town, Inno lara@e ett) inthis whole country is there
sucha determination to drive out of the etty a eloss of
people who are Justas much entitled to consideration
as any other people in the metropolis and whose ex
penuitures are so much desired. and who ar being
eontinually called upon for every public improwement
for charity, and whose patcolism and elvic pride ts
continua'ly jogged and quickened, and yet there ds aot
asingie right nor privilege that they are entitled to
that is not efreumseribed and taken from them at
every opportualty

Self-respect a desire to liv’ peaceably and comfort
ably. a wish to enjoy driving and the letsure that
wealth gives to those who have earned tt is driving
and has been driving from this elty for years past de
strable residents who hag: been welcome in many a
village and town within 100 miles of New York and
whose enterprise and desire to h Ip the town in whieh
they lived aed make tt beautiful has built up toe
suburbs in New York tp the most wonderful series of
towns around any elty Inthe world, They wf!) not
raise a voles to stop this Interference with the ordinary
travel of the city bul the oMfletuts of this ety should
atleast pay attention to this matterof vital impor
tance to the city lisell, especially asthe improv ment
is totally unnecessary

1 trust you ean -ee your Way clear to use your
Influence against this franchise whieh ts eatd to be
backed op by the Meteopolitan Street Raliway and
which was indorsed by doth houses of the Munteipal
Assembly, so the newspapers report, CITIZEN

New YORK, June 22 F

 

Song of the London Nightingate.
From the Weatminarer Gizette

We know the exact expressions used hy some
kinds of jabbering apes, by the braving ass the
garrulous barndoor fowl t'e elott- ring fineh
Now anew and important addition toanimai
philology has been mad by the discovery fa
Frenchman, Inseirehing throvgh some archao-
logical works he has found thot as long ago as
1848 a French savant transerived the sons of
the nightingale os follows :

Tim? tim! timf, tan
Spretu, zqua
Merree, pi. pl
fo, Ho to, tix,
Qutio, quilo, qutlo. qutte,
Zquo, tguo, 2quod, rqu0;
Zi, ei, at, af, wl. ai. ai,
Qurerrer, ! Zoula, pl, pl, quill

The discoverer of this song says, somewhat
Apo owetically, that on :
notes ‘ e not effective
ears to hear can verily just now, every eve
at dusk and dee” into the June n elite ail Ree
the country and in hundreds of copaes and
woods inthe London suburbs, thatthe extra: re
dinary-looking “verses” ure really , Won ere
fully close transeriptioy of the song of the
nightingale, ,

eam

From the Pulpit.
TO THE EpIToR oF THe SUN~S?#r: Can the

Rev. J. Very Hart it
E Chunk some ny Beeson of the Jereeyviie, BR
NEW YORK, June 25,

But any one who has

If the Demo- |

paper the to ching |

Oo e

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 1900.

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The protection of the eastern flank of Lord
Roberts's communications in the Free State,
between Bloemfontein and the Vaal River ts
keeping his division Generals extremely active.
The reports of what is ocourring are suppressed,
a0 that it is only three weeks after the mishap
to a convoy and the capture of its escort near
Heilbron that the facts come out, Gen.
Rundle's transport near Senekal was attacked
on the 23d, Saturday, but the Boers were rée-
| pulsed; while a Maseru despatch of Sunday says
| that a number of Boers had slipped south and
| were moving in the neighborhood of Ladybrand
| and Thaba N'Chu. Lord Roberts, however,

is believed to be planning combined operations

that will, it ls hoped, finally crush the resistance

of the Free Staters,
| There appears to be ground for believing that
immediately after the oceupation of Pretoria
the British Government being under the {m-
pression that the Boers would be so discouraged
| that the peace party at the capital would have
| little difficulty in bringing about a termination
| of the war,asked Lord Roberts how soon he could
spare half the troops under his command. His
|
|

 

|

reply is stated to have been: “Not under twelve
months,” which caused great disappointment
The developments in the Far East, however,
are acting as a spur in the operations both in
the Free State and Transvaal, and it is certain
that they are about to be pushed vigorously.
| Meanwhile Gen, Botha, who appears to have
taken charge of political as well as military
affairs, is with bis head laager at Bronkhorst
Spruit, about thirty-six miles from Pretoria,
keeping in close touch with the British patrols
among the Donkers Hoek hills, which may be
On Monday

|

| the scene of the next fighting,
there was some skirmishing between Gen.
Hamilton's mounted force and a Boer commando
under Gen, Prinsloo at Heidelberg on the rail-
way southeast of Johannesburg, which Indi-
cates an intention on the part of the Boers to

|

compel the British to keep a large force guard
ing their new line of communication with Natal,
and therefore so much deducted from the army
in the fleld, Unless Lord Roberts succeeds in
speedily crushing the Free Staters and clearing
his flank south of the Vaal, the question will
be raised whether the interference of politics
in the military operations has not again done
more to retard than forward their ultimate
alm, for there is no longer any doubt that Lord
Roberts was urged to the occupation of Pre-
toria in order to keep down the growing dissatis-
faction in England with the conduct of the war.

SHINES AND HOOKS,

 

General Manager Church Wl! Not Have It
That There Has Been a Compromise,

To THE Eprron OF THE SUN—Sir: We notlee
anarticlein THE SUN to-day, entitled ‘Fisherman
Score a Point.” This article is misleading,

In the first place you state that a compromise has
been reached between the anglers and netters, leading
any one tosuppose that the menhaden fishermen
would consent or had consented to the passage of a
bill that would In any way restrict themin the regu-
lat process of thelr business Such, however, ts not
true. The menhaden fishermen contend that they
arerightinthe position that they take of cateLing
menhaden wherever found. The passage of a law
that would prohiht their fishing within five miles of

the land would ruin the business entirely, as proba-
bly 05 percent. of the menhaden are caught within
that limit

So far asl know there bas been no attempt on the
part of the Salt Water Fishermen's League to rffect a
compromise with the menbaden fishermen and | feel
quite sure that | would have known about ft had such
4 matter been tn controversy.

We believe that the catching of fish by scines does
not interfere in any way with the supply of food fish
for our markets or spoil the sportemen’s fun. Any man
that is familiar with the history of such Ash agin
habit our coast knows that there has been no time
within a period of twent) five or thirty years that the
bluefish, weakfish. porgie ‘and almost any other
s}cles that belong here have been as plentiful as
they have for the last three yeara Knowing such to
be the fact why should we agreeto do pometbs
would ruin our industry and fn po way bene
League of Salt Water Fishermen.

THE UNITED STATRS

GUANO COMPANY,

ng that
fi the
MFNETADEN OIL AND
By N. B. Cavurcn,
General Manager

New YORK, June 25,

 

Mr. Church's objection must be overruled, Nobody
disputes the right to catch menhaden. The question
is, do the menhaden men “ catch menhaden only ?”*
—to borrow from an alleged mysterious growth upon
the body of the present fishing law? Moreover, the
object of the anglers ts, not to narrow the operations
of the betters, but to widen them, to let them expand
upon the outer surface of the broad ocean: and the
hat “the passage of a law that would
prohibit menhaden fishing within five miles of the
land would ruin the business,” is clearly mislend-
ing.

So far as is known, the League of Salt Water Fish-
ermen have not yet made any effort to secure national
legisiation on thts subject. They confined their oper-
ations to the Legislature of New York, They simply
endeavored to keep the menhaden men out of the
bays: and, as a New York law cannot reach beyond
New York waters, it seems funny to find a gentleman
Hke Mr. CHURCH weeping over the proposed
“destruction of his business” by @ measure that
would banish tt from Now York bays and leave ft to
enjoy its privileges along the entire coast line of the
United States,

There ts nothing misieading In the point scored by
the anglers. so far astt has been Dandled by Mr,
Chureh, The facts referred to were taken from an
honest report of the the last meeting of the League of
Salt Water Fishermen; and, if Mr. Church ts de-
termined that there shall be no compromise between
them and him, that is his affatr, On the other hand,
if the league In question gave lt to be understood
that there was a compromise, and did so without suf-
ficlent rounds, it alone ts responsible,

assertion

Mrs. Eddy.

To THE Eprror OF THR SUN~S#r: Mr. Willard
S. Mattox, Christian Sclence Publication Committee
in these parts, denies In your Issue of yesterday the
statements quoted by THE Sun of June 15, from
the Portsmouth Times, to the effect that Mrs, Eddy fs
il! and that her carriage is driven about without her
to keep upa pretence of good health. He does not
deny the other statement, that recent fpligrims to her
shrine kissed her front doorsteps, but only says evas-
ively: “Christian Selence commands the attention of
the elgnified and the thoughtful, and for such the
reference to ‘kissing the front doorstep at Pleasant
View’ needs no denial"

In corroboration of the statements quoted by THR
SUN the following extracts from letters just recelved
from Concord may be of interest

One gentleman of prominence tn that place, who
do snot wish alename used because of bis business
relations with Christian Selentists—-who it would
seem are notabove boyeotting those who differ with
them, writes; “Mrs. Eddy's pilgrims from Boston
were here (bis past week, several thousands fn num-
ber, and those who waited to se her when she drove
out fell on their kn-es as she passed! In order to
keep up appearaners when It was reported that she
was iiland confined to her bed her carriage w
driven through the town revularly for some weeks
with curtains pulled down.’ The same gentleman
sends an account of the funeral of Miss Ida C. Brain-
erd, one of. Mrs. Eddy's best known healers, who,
beiig ill of Bright's disease, was taken from Concord
to Deering to dle, presumably for the sake of
the bad effect upon the cause of her death in Concord.

The editor of the People and Patriot writes: “It ia
strange how many deluded followers the old lady has,
Hundreds of the» visited her home here last week,
prostrated themselves before her and kissed her door
step.”

In refusing to make good his public offer Mr. Mat-
t x evinerd srong disiike tothe legal rulesoft evt-
device, one of which Is thata person having a strong
interest in the stiecess of A couse is a witness whose

Is to be closely seenned.

voldin

testimo: Netther of the
writersof the letters above quoted is sucha witness,
but Mr Mattox ts. He ard Messrs. Norton, Manna
and ali the Caristian Sciene> healers have no other
business than Christlan Setenee,
living by It. The reports of Mrs Reddy's sickness in-
jure the business. Her death will probably ruin it,
Troe or false, the rumer ts persistent in Concord that
she has cinesrand shaking prlsy and that her ear-
rage blinds are drawn closely when she drives out co
that wiyfarers may Ot perceive how feeble sheta

In the course of nature she wtil soon die, and the
only way tle business she has founded ean be
kept up ofier that event will be by concealing her
death as iong av possible and possibly by pretending
that she has been “translated” SIMON MAGUS

New YORK, June 25, i

They make their

 

}
—_———————___
| Physicians Still Physic,

TO THE Enrror oF THE SUN~Sér: I notice that
the American Medical Association held (ts Afty-first
annual meeting at Atlantic City, N. J., about June
5 and that there were 3,000 physieta:
from ' membership of #000? nes GRERaERE

Adding Ww the latter quantity the tho
are not members tt does not look as ea te
at rel could be Waken in the claims of Christian
Scientists that Christian Science woul \.
ca! orofession out of business, . one "ae meah

This proves about the amount of truth and common

Sense thar ean bo found tn a great many othe
sersical statements they make : At a

New York, June 23. READER.

More Freak Poultry tn Rhode Island.

From the Providence Journal,

There is a rooster in Chartiey that | {
;comm nt. Two and a haif "wee noe he
| @ract, a setting hen left her nest. _p rooster

discovered the disappearance a: file the

syeeeey. ie has done weil so far. Tees ven

of the is
ine peer awaited with more

AMERICA'S WORK IN INDIA.

 

     

STORMY SESSION OF ALDERMEN,

 

Leré George Hamilton Thanks the United | Pass School Bonds, Flee From Bridge Bonds

States for Their Ald to Famine Stricken.

The following is from a letter of Lord George
Hamilton, Secretary for India, addressed to the
Hon. Joseph H. Choate, American Ambassador,
and by him forwarded to William EF. Dodge,
chairman of the Committee of One Hundred on
India Famine Relief. The letter bears date of
India office, London, June 16, and says:

“The Government of India has undertaken
for years past the general obligation of keeping
the people alive when attacked by famine or
seardty of food. This task can only be per-
formed wholesale, At the present moment
there are nearly 6,000,000 persons so maintained,
who are located in camps and put upon works
of utility when capable of work; otherwise they
are supported in poorhouses and hospitala.
So far as the expenditure upon this system of
wholesale relief is concerned there is no lack of
funds at present, and should, which is improb-
able, the financial resources of the Government
of India prove hereafter insufficient for these
purposes the Imperial Treasury would come
to their assistance.

“But outside the defined sphere of Govern-
ment operations there is a vast fleld open to
charity and private benevolence. From the
very magnitude of the operations of the Govern-
ment, discrimination as to the special wanta of
individuals is almost impossible. During the
last few weeks the famine camps have in cer-
tain districts been attacked by a virulent form
of cholera and smallpox, and this combination
of diseases and famine so aggravates the situa-
tion as to baffle the supreme efforts of the Gov-
ernment in ite endeavors to mitigate suffering
and save life.

“It may be said, without exaggeration, that

the conditions now existing, and the scale on
which Government relief is found to be neces-
sary, are in themselves the strongest proof of
the need for charitable effort to supplement,
both in money and by personal service, the work
of the Government. There is the very large
class of those. both men and women, who for
reasons of caste or from self-respect will sub-

mit to any privation rather than to submit them-
selves to the inevitable publicity pitending the
receipt of Government relief, There are also
the cases of the old and infirm, of patients in

hospitals, of children and orphans with which
it is specially dificult to deal officially.

“I therefore trust that the Committee of One
Hundred will in no way relax their efforts. Every
subscriber in the United States may be certain
that the money he gives will not be wasted or
tend to reduce Government expenditure, but
that it will relieve cases of individual distress
lying outside the fleld of the operations of the
Government, which would thus, but for thia gen-
erosity, remain uncared for.

“In conclusion I would beg to be allowed to
take this opportunity of expressing my appre-
eiation of and gratitude for the aympathy and
generosity shown by the people of the United
States with India in tha present crisis.

The Chriation Herald received $15,000 yes-
terday from the Kansas India Famine Relief
Committee, and cabled the amount to the Inter-
gonominationss Committee Missionary at

ombay.

The Committee of One Hundred reported ad-
ditional subscriptions yesterday amounting to
$3,071.47, naking the total to date $01,309.92.

 

RAISING LIONS,

 

 

A Saccessful Industry in the Zoological Gar-
dens of Dublin.

The raising of lions in the Zodlogical Gar-
dens of Dublin has been so successful that
a new building is being erected for the accome
modation of more cubs and the business will
be conducted on a larger scale. Though there
are at present very few lions in stock, about
two hundred have thus far been raised and
the cubs sold have brought the Gardens the
handsome sum of $25,000. It is now proposed
to make lion raising yield a regwar income to

increase the resources of the institution. In
addition to the cubs that have been sold quite
a number of others have been exchanged for
other animals, including two elephants and a
camel,

It_ may be proper to call these new products
of Dublin Irish lions, but their ancestors all
eame from Natal. This South African family
of lions was formerly found in Cape Colony,
Natal, the Tranvsaal and the Orange Free
State, but it has been so flercely hunted that
it has now entirely disappeared. One of its
characteristics is a very black mane, which,
however, does not invariably occur.

The South African lion seems to be perfectly
acclimated in Dublin, For six years, however,
the production of cubs did not thrive and the

ure face was reduced to one male, answering
o the name of Cesar, A Nubian lioness was
then purchased and the family now consists
of three lions and six Honesses,

 

The Battle of Cedar Creek.

To THR EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir: Let me say
a few words as to the Battle of Cedar Creek in answer
to'W. J. N.'s"" letter in to-day'’s SUN.

Without casting any slur upon the conduct of the
Nineteenth Corps, | would Ike to tell “W. J. N." that
Wright did not order the cavalry, which was stationed
on{the extreme right, to move till between 9 and 10
A.M. and when they were ordered to move over to
the left the transfer was made in an incredibly short
space of time anid the stand made by that same cav-
alry at Middletown gave to the disorganized infantry
the only chance they had to re-form.

Sheridan's cavalry--fNgbting by day and marching
by night--were alwaysin front of Lee's army, hold-
ing it by the throat untfl the Infantry could come up
and finishthe job, while they again pushed on and
captured the artillery and destroyed histrains. As
for Gens. Averill, Devin (not Devens) and Custer, they
were among the best Generals in the Union Army and
were more feared by the Confederates than any others,
with the possible exception of Grant and Sheridan,
Sheridan and his cavalry saved the day at Cedar
Creek and followed Ler to the Valley of the Appo-
mattoxz—where Devin beat him for the first time dur-
ing the war at Five Forks when Pickett was driven
back for two days by Devin's division alone. It was
acommon saying among Generals, such as Gordon,
Pickett, Early and others, that “were it not for Sheri-
dan'a infernal cavalry, we could bave got off and
Gained Johnson in spite of you," and sothey could
have done, E. F. D.

New YORK, June 22.

 

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN~Sir; “W. J.N.,"
spraking of the Battle of Cedar Creek, asks: “Where
was that cavalry for which we, the surprised Infantry,
looked for several hours that morning, and why did
not those in command get them on the scene of the
Surprise sooner?’ Now, the “surprised infantry’’
was not looking for any cavairy that morning, but
was whooping itup Im pretty fast time down the
valley. From the time the battle opened and the
cavalry was ordered to move there was no delay of
“several hours," as I know, nor was the cavalry long
in marching from the extreme right to the extreme
left of the army and becoming engaged,

“W. JN." ought to know that during the Civil
War there wore no ‘‘cavalry Genesals’’ or “tofantry
Generals" There were Major-Generals and Briga-
dier-Generals, and these Generals were assigned to
the command of cavalry of infantry troops at the
order of the President. Before Gen. Grant brought
Gen. Sheridan from the West and placed him tn com-
mand of the cavalry corps of the Army of the Poto-
mac he had commanded an Infantry division,

“W. J, N." gays that ‘the cavalry Generals were
Not too eager to take orders fromm infantry Generais”
of inferior rank. If he had known anything about
army or®aniration he would have known that officers
of superior rank are always the commanding oMecers,
no matter what th* size of the body of troops—from
an army down to a corporal’s guard.

Moreover, !f he had read my letter more carefully he
would have seen that Lcast no “slur” or ‘sneer’ on
any troops, and made no claim that the cavalry did
anything more than its duty, the same asthe infantry
and artillery that stayrd atthe front They all did
their part to win that victory; without which, Abraham
Lineotn would, undonbdiedly, have been defeated for
President a few days later, on Nov, A, 1864, and the
war would probably have had a different ending.

New York, June 32. W. R. CrumpPron,

eee

A Soathern Salute,

From ihe Alinta Constitution.
Teddy, Teddy,
Are you ready
Pot tbe hep! hep! hep!
Vill you keep the soldiers
As they step! step! step! weeey
Will you tell ‘em what the war
In the Philippines was for?
Make the campaign cannon roar
In the morning!

Teddy, Teddy,
Are you ready?
Tell the captains all to shout!

Keep the campaign barrel seady
# the svidi ra fac about,
ell ‘em bow you sede it rough
O'er the Spagish wll and tough;
Give’em Spanish war enough

Ti the morning

‘Teddy, Teddy!

Anawer “Ready!”
Ww ere depending on you strong

You must keep the old ship steady
As the billows roll along;
api, of Meense and of fiw
oe am eet and bullets raw:

card s
iS ibeen Gola’ te draw

 

—Row Over Vote on Custom House Extension,

A special meeting of the Board of Alder-
men was held yesterday to pass the $3,500,000
achool bond issue which was approved by the
Counoil last week. The board had passed
the bonds once before, but a change of $300,000
in the amount appropriated for school sites
was made in the Council and so the Aldermen
had to do it over again. There were but two
dissenting votes,

An attempt was made to get the $4,000,000
bonds for the new East River Bridge through,
but the Aldermen fied from the room when
they heard of the matter. A call of the house
was ordered, and as only forty-one members
responded to their names the matter was laid
over,

The application of the United States Govern-
ment for permission to extend the new Custom
House beyond the building |ine came up before
the board and immediately the opponents of
the resolution raised a storm. Alderman
Muh was sent to the chair, Whenever Aldere
man Muh takes the chair if means that the
resolution before the board is going through,
whether the board wants it to pass or not,
Mr. Mul put the question in rapid-fire fashion
and amid a storm of noes declared it passed,
He waa deaf to all outeries and protests.

The vote started a fight between Alderman
McCall, the Tammany Hall leader, and Alder-
man Murphy, who is a Brooklyn Demoorat,
MeCall declares that Murphy promised to vove
for the resolution and then voted against it,
He undertook to call Mr. Murphy down, and
according to those who heard the controversy
applied an unpleasant name to Murphy. The
latter doubled up his filet and declared that
he w going to plant it on McCall's nose, but
McCall took to the woods in a hurry. Murphy
did not pursue him, but met him later in an
ante-room where the difference was adjusted.

 

OVER WENT. THE MOUNTAIN.

 

Upset by a Blast of Nine Thousand Pounds of
Powder.

From the Rocky Mountain Newa,

A mountain of rock waa blown up at Sher-
man, Wyo., by Contractor Cushing in the con
struction of the Union Pacific Sherman hill
cut-off and tunnel. Three miles south of Shere
man station, where the new road crosses Dale
Creek, riaé up two mountains of rock, one on
each side of the creek. The railroad grades
will reach these mountains on elevated em-
bankmenta, but to pass through them is no
easy task.

Contractor R. C. Cushing conceived the idea
of blowing the mountain on the weat side of
the creek from its foundation with blasting
powder, and by turning it over into the creek
below use it as an embankment for the grade.
Here « twenty-foot causeway will be con-
structed for the waters of Dale Creek. This
mountain is about two hundred feet high and
275 feet in diameter where the road cuts through.
From the east side, on the roadbed level, he
made a four-foot cut into the centre of the hill
and excavated enough space for 700 kegs of
blasting powder. This line of powder was
connected from several parta by long Ines of
fuse. When all was ready the underground

mipe was ignited and a power was released
sufficient to raise many thousand pounds of
rock high into the air and turn a mountain
over.
Long before the time set for th
a crowd of about five hundred peop @ gathered
to witness the en blast, many of the visitors
coming from Cheyenne, Laramie and the sur-
rounding country. At 4 P. M, the time set
for the explosion, all was in readiness The
charge, consisting of about 9,000 pounds of
black powder, was tightly tamped at the end
of the forty-six-foot tunnel to the magazine.
The hill in which the charge was placed js
a butte of are granite, standing ey n
of Dale

explosion

rugged prominence on the east bank
Creek he tunnel leading to the powder
was run in from grade

level, which {8 about
one hundred feet above the creek bed. Three
lines of fuse were used to ignite the big charge,
At 4:10 the fuses were lighted and the crowd
waited breathless for the shock which was t»
tear the hill from its foundation. The shock
came sone ten minutes before it was expected,
lifting thousands of tons of granite from the
piace whore it had rested for ages and deposit-
ng it with a mighty roar in the bed of Dale

Creek, 200 feet below. Great clouds of Oke
and dust rose high in the air, obsouri ora
on, which tore

time the scene of the explo
about one-fourth of the hill, ving perpen-
dicular faces on two sides

The contractors state that the blast was a
success, moving over 6,000 cubio yards of rock.

 

The Russian Mobilization in Siberta.

The order just issued by the Czar raising the
troops in the Amur military disuriot of Siberia
to a war footing is the completion of steps that
were begun several months ago to augment the
cadres of the various military organizations
east cf Lake Baikal. The force brought Into
existence by the Czar's decree is estimated at
about 40,000 strong of all arms, and a portion of
itiseaidto havealready advanced Into Mon-
golla from Kiachta, the principal Rurstan Cus-
tom House station on the frontier south of Lake
Baikal.

The land telegraph line from Pekin to Siberia
runs through Kalgan to Kiachta, and itis no
doubt with the object of securing the safety of

that line that the Russian Siberian troops are
marching south [hey are reported to have
already reached Urga, 200 miles south of
Kiachta, the meeting place of numerous cara-
van routes from China and all ts of Mongola,
From Urga to Kalgan on the Great Wall about
120 miles northwest of Pekin is 750 miles, and it
is from Kiachta to Kalgan tna puane has just
secured a concession from the Chinese Govern-
ment for the conatrnction of a railway, the
Chinese Government being pledged o build the
connecting line between in and Kalgan.

The troops, therefore, which reported to
be advancing along this line will be for the pur-
pose of establishing the (tapes necessary to oon-
nect the Russian advance post at Re gan, al-
ready occupied by a detachment of Cossacks
and other troops, with the base at Kiachta. The
mobilization just decreed is the result of 4
present complications, in order to guard
rights secured by the recent conoeasion a 4
to and the claim of Russia, which it may be In-
cidentally mentioned was agreed to last year be-
tween Lord Salisbury and Count Muravieff, to
regard all the country north of the Great Wall
as within the sphere of Russian influence.

End of Vertical Penmanship Fad.

To tar Epitor or Tur Scn—Sir; How the
vertical system of penmanship has obtained for
five or six years in this age of naturestudy is
quite astonishing even to farmers’ sona, who, in

their ‘‘back-woode"’ Jog achools learned enough
physica to apprehend the parallelogram of
Ces.
In the ordinary writing, with the hand resting
on the hypothenar eminence, and pivoted on
the tips of the ring and little fingers, some
muscles of the hand and the forearm produce a
orizontal motion to the right, while the flexor
and extensor muscies of the fingers cause a
vertical motion The resultant of these two
motions is a slant to the right. modifled aceord-
ing to the quantity of enerey expended hy the
muscles employed in producing the horizontal
motion, JouN P. Wricut, M.D,
New Yor, June 24

 

 

Killed Two Miles of Snakes,

From the Pittabura Poat,

“T was running on a road in southwee'
Pennsylvania,” said the old engiveer, “when
killed two miles of ssakes in three minutes,

had been a wet and cod string, and the «a
weather conditions had extended to about the
middle of May, and it seems that all the snakes
in that part of the country had started to eml-
rate, and as the rails had become wa under
the heat of the sun the reptiles natura'ly enough
found the glittering steel a smooth and comfor-
table highway, and they just coupled up, one
taking hold of the other's tail, and starteddown
the track Thapnened to be coming slong with
the ‘jerk-water,’ and we were making twentye
five miles an hour when we met the proceaston.
Jack McDevitt, my fireman saw the varminta
first, and he completely collapsed, but when I
perceived what'we were up against I pulled the
throttle of the old 54 wide open, let the sand
drop and smashed two iniles of snakes in leas
than three minutes.”

 

 

Schoolhouse Sold to Stop Flirtations.

From th) Chicago Times Herald

The Committee on Bulldings and Grounds of the
Board of Education to put a stop to the firtations
that have been carried on between the girls of the
West Division High School and the students of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, yesterday voted
to sell the hich sehool buliding to the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, which Is the medical de
partment of the State University. The price agreed
on Is $146,000,

 

Patriotic Music Hall Songs of London.

From the St. James's Gazette.
Why (sit that at the big muate halls the great pa
triotie ‘turns’ are “What Do You Think of the Irish
Now?” “Australia Will Be There’ and a Gordon
Highlander-cum-Canada mediey, while at Britannia
Rules the Waves"~on alr, indeed, not wholly fitted
for a war in the interior of Aftica—the audience looks
slightly bored? Largely, no doubt, in Gratitude to

countries which cannot be fi *
Qeag,’’ bus das one edting for “gold os easrt