TUNE ROSES OF BANKING.

GEORGIA OUTFIT OF BRIDES, FAIR
GIRLS AND BACRELORS IN TOWN.

 

 

 

Looks as if There Might Be Two More Brides,
Suddenly -- To-day the Domestico-Fiscal
Tourists Will Visit the Stock Exchange
=—To Greenwood Cemetery Afterward.

Around the considerable town of New York
Chief Banker W. S. Witham of Georgia led
his personally conducted bank tour yesterday
showing his young bankers and their fair com-
pantons all of the city that they could reason-
ably expect to seo in one day, Mr. Witham’s
party is one of the most curious aggtogations
in its make-ap that ever landed in the metrop-
olis. It consists of the cashiers of the thirty-
two Georgia banks of which Mr. Witham is
President, the superintendents of the nino
Georgia cotton mills which he owns and enough
other employees of his, with the assistance
of five bankers’ brides and the maidens whom
Mr, Witham is anxious to marry to his bachelor
cashiers, to make up the total of 117 excur-
sionists. “Tote fair” is the motto of the Witham
banks. and that is what Combination-President
Witham is doing with his tourists:

For several) days the party have been at
Asbury Park, admiring the surf and the merry-
go-rounds and Founder Bradley and other
picturesque adjuncts of the place. Early
yesterday morning they shook the sand from
their feet, boarded thelr special train and came
to this city, going directly to the Gilsey House.
All were swiftly assigned to rooms and were
told that they had ten neinutes to wash up in,
after which they were to have luncheon and
advanoe in serried ranks upon Central Park.
Mr. Witham reported all well and said that there
were thirteen accessions to the party who had
come in late. There were still only five bridal
couples, he added, although he had seemed
to discern at Asbury Park indications of at-
traction that pointed to an increase in the
tally and although the Rev. Dr. Heidt of the
party was ready and willing to perform the
marriage ceremony at a moment's notice.
Mr. Witham is an earnest believer in early
matrimony and hopes to get rid of all his bache-
lor cashiers without losing a man.

After luncheon the party descended upon
central Park and proceeded wo take in the
beauties that psendo-rural locality, They
furnished much occupation to the purveyors
of compressed rides in public vehicles and drove
the Jehus almost mad by their insistence Upon
keeping all the rigs close together. | ‘They vad
been explicitly warned, they said, of the peruse
of being lost in New York and whenever they
got out of sight of Chief Banker Witham’s hat
they became ineasy, At the Metropolitan
Museum of Art they got out and walked around
and asked about the building and other things.

When the party got ready to reémbark two
pairs were found to be missing Everybody
else immediately Lifted up his or her voloe and
called upon those missing ones until the park
rang with their names in all the tones of the
human register. Several minutes later one of
the couples appeared, followed shortly after
hy the other. The first coupl@ explained that
they had happened upon a shady ell and belr
much reminded of Georgia by it had wandere:
around several turnings until they lost their
way and had to appa to @ policeman. The
second pair, not thinking of anything better,
said that that was what had happened to them,
too. The Chief Banker observed that he sup-
posed so and he advised the Rev. Dr. Heidt to
make a note of their narnes for future use ;

Next on the progranune was a visit to Grant's
Tomb, where the view of the river was con-
sclentiouxly pointed out, and then they cou-
tinued northward to High Bridge. Turning to
the southward from there they passed through
almost the entire length of the city until they
found themselves at the Battery listening to
the impassioned oratory of the man who barks
for the Bedlow’s Island boat. The Goddess of
Liberty was their destination and as they passed
over the waves of the bay they turned to their
special programmes of the trip and read the
lines which, it is said, the Chief Banker adapted
from Swinburne:

The winds may blow
All over Hediow
And Liberty down in the bay,
But the atmospherte friskers
Can't blow through her whiskers,
Beeause she ain't bullt that way

Mr. Witham modestly disclaims the credit
of his poem and the other literary gems with
which the programme is besprinkled, but the
tourists declare that here ian't another man it
Georgia who could (or perhaps they said would)
write such poetry

The visit to Liberty was the last daylight
trip. Promptly on schedue time the tourists
were back at the Gilsey House for dinner, after
which they put on their pleasantest expres
sions and hada group flashlight picture taken
in the bia parlor. ven they went in a body
to the New Fork Theatre to see “Quo Vadis.”

To-day they are to begin, aftera breakfast
somewhat earlier than the average New_York
article, with a visit tothe New York Life Build-
ins, followed by the ascent of the Park Row
Building, from the top of which, the programme
assures them, they can secure an excellent
free view of the city, and adjacent waters.
From there the cashiers, without the girls, go to
the New York Clearing House while the rest
visit the Stock Exchange to stir up their spirits
and Trinity Church to calm them down. Af
recisely 11:52, accord) to the programme,
bhey meet at the Brooklyn Bridge, board all
the trolley cars in sight and proceed to what
is in Georgia the best-known feature of Brook-
lyn existence, Greenwood Cemetery, By
way of a pleasing sandwich of emotions they
pass from there to Coney  Island—-“Great
old Coney, the devil's own playground” —ae-
cording to the programme, and end the day
with Manhattan Beach, Pain’s Fireworks
and the music of the band,

 

CONGRESSMAN BENNETT WEDS.

Marie Louise Floyd-Smith Becomes His Bride
in Calvary P, E, Charch,

Former Congressman Charles G, Bennett
of Brooklyn and Marie Louise Floyd-Smith
were married yesterday in Calvary Protestant
Episeopal Church, Manhattan, by the Rev
Cornelius L. Twing of Williamsburg, Mr.
Bennett, who is the Secretary of the United
States Senate, served several terms in Congress
from the Second Congressional district, and at
different times in the last four years reports
were circulated connecting his nime and that

farelative of Thomas B. Reed in 1) engage
ment of marriage. The reports were always
denied at Mr. Bennett's house, 1090 Gates ave-
nue, Brooklyn, Eis marriage yesterday was
a surprise to his friends.

The bride wore a gown of a delicate tint of
ernay and carried a boquet of pink roses, Only
a few of the immediate relatives of the couple
were present at the ceremony, and at Its con-
clusion the bridal party were driven to the
bridegroom's home, where, after aluncheon,
Mr. and Mrs Rennett went to Islip, L. 1. where
Mr. Bennett recently took possession of a cot-
tage. The bride is a musician and a linguist
and is rich. She has usually spent the win-
tera in It ily Recently she was called home
from Paris by the death of a brother

Bowring—Sonner.

The marriage of Miss Amy Bonner and
Charles W. Bowring of Liverpool, England,
took place yesterday afternoon at St. Mary's
Protestant Episcopal Church, Livingston,
Staten Island. The Rev. Dr. Henry Wilson
performed the ceremony at 40'clock. He was
assisted by the Rev. George E. Qualie, rector of
thechurch) The bride is the second daughter
of Edward H Bonner, who gave her away.

Miss Beatrice Bonner, her sister; Miss Ethel L.
howring, sister of the bridewroom; Miss Mabel
Borke, Orange, N Miss Margaret H.
Busk of Newport, K. L: Miss Francia D. Robin-
son of this city and Miss Elizabeth F, Edwards
of Staten Island were the bridesmaids, W.l-
dam Wotherspoon was best man. Douglas E
‘onner and Keginald Bonner, brothers of the
ride Edward H. }. Skimming, a cousin of the
ridegroom, Frederick Toppin, Frank H
anty and Frederick Harrison were §the ushers
A‘ter the church ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Ed-
ward Hi. Bonner gave a reception at their home
in Bard avenue, Livingston, to relatives and
eUrmove [riends.

 

 

Clarke Hoyt,

New Rocne.ie, N. ¥., June 26—Misa Isa-
belle Augusta Hoyt, daughter of W. J. Hoyt,
and Dr. Guy Raymond Clarke, were married
this it the residenceof Dr. C. Nel-
ron Raymond, Mapie avenue and Main street
The Rey. Dr. Saul O. Curtice, pastor of St.
hn's Methodist Episcopal Church;

Tmed the ceremony,

ternoor

   

t
”

per-

 

Nicoll—Harper.
The wedding of Miss Fanny foe Harper and
Leonard Nicoll of Newburgh, N. Y., took place

pisterday at the country home of the bride's
Ather, John Harper, at New Windsor, N.Y
ue town home of the family is at 119 East
Thirty-ninth street

 

Bishop Confirms a Marderer in Jail.
ANNAPOLIS, Md, June 26,—Bishop Paret of
the Diocese « Maryland went to Annapolis
Jail to-day and contirmed Robert Wyatt, who
~ confined there for the murder of Capt. Oliver

Ml ‘ aun. He isto behanged in Annapolis on
¥ His mother, who lives in St. Michaels,

Wrote that she would visit him once more be-
ore the hanging.

 

        

TO MARK MACGAHAN'S GRAVE.

Belgertan Meads a Movement to Honor the
“Bulgartan Liberator’s” Memory.

A movement will soon be started in this
country and in Bulgaria to erect a monument
over the grave of J. A. MacGahan, the noted
war correspondent who is known as the “Bul-
warian Liberator.” It was the letters of Mac-
Gahan to the London Times, which he repre-
sented in Bulgaria, detailing the Turkish
atrocities, that brought about the Turko-Rus-
sian war and the liberation of Bulgaria. The
correspondent died of typhus, contracted
while nursing an American officer in Constan-
tinople in 1878 and he was buried in the Greek
cemetery there, but his body was subse-
quently brought to this country by enactment
ot the Ohio Legislature and was reinterred at

New Lexington, Ohio, where MacQahan had
liv The funeral ceremonies were pttenced
by many prominent Ohioans at which an ad-
dress was made hy Gov. Hoadly

A short time ago Stovan Krstoff Vatralsky,
a Bulgarian and 4 graduate of [larvard, inteud-
ing to return to Bulgaria this coming fall, decided
to make a marine e to the grave of the man
whom patriotic Bulgarians regard as the sav-
jour of their country, He went to New Lex-
ington and found to his amazement that Mac-
Gohan'’s grave was entirely unmarked; not
even a headstone showing the place of burial.
Mr, Vatralsky immediately determined to

ndertake the erection of @ monument over
the grave and held a meeting in the Court
House there to arouse public interest. Ae also
communicated with the State authorities and
then went, early this month to see President
McKinley and bring the matter to his atten-
tion. ‘To his gratification, he found the Presi-
dent familiar with MacQahan's career and an

 

ogee Me =

resident Mol aie assured Mr. Vatralsky
of his warm sym; y In the movement and
said that he would be glad to aid in any way.

It is probable that a committee will soon be
definite footing ‘ME Vatralsky wil go abroad
efinite footing. r. Vatr y will go abroa
this fall and will undertake to raise a sum of
money in Bulgaria for the monument to the

“Bulgarian Liberator,”

 

SOCIAL LEADERS DO PENANCE.

 

The Annual Foor Days’ Retreat at the Angli-
can Convent in Peekskill.

The annual retreat of the Anglican order
of the Protestant Episcopal Church commenced
last evening at the mother house of the com-
munity, St. Gabriel's Convent, Peekskill. Many
women who are socially prominent in this and
in neighboring cities will attend the retreat,
part of the poutine of which consists of four
days of abagolute silence. Among them will
be Miss Dalsy Post, Mrs. Edward Delafield,
Mrs. Oliver H, P. Belmont, Miss Plizabeth
Arnold, Mrs. Beekman De Peyster, Mrs. Philip

Hubert, Mias Coit, Mrs. Le Grand Cannon,
Mrs. Alfred Loomis, Miss vingston, Mrs,
Franklin Delano. Miss Mz 7 Morgan, Mrs. FP.
H. P, Goodwin, the wife of Chaplain Goodwin
of Governors Isiand; Mrs. Gabriel Creeley
Clendeinin, Miss Ellen Kimble, Miss Mayard
Stuyvesant, Mrs. Dallas Goodwin, Mrs. (. H

Ames, Miss Madge Bothwell, Mrs. Albert
Root, Miss Mary Titus, Miss Lucia Emery,
Miss Emma Banfield. Miss Catherine King,

Misa Flien Middlebrook, Miss Grace Schuyler
and Miss Annie Houghton

On arrival at the convent they were met
at the door by Mother Edith, sister superior
of the order, who assigned each to the cell
she will occupy during the retreat and in which
she will pray and meditate between the hours
of religious instruction

During the retreat all the canonical hours
will be held at the beautiful little chapel of St.
Mary's. The retreat will be conducted by the
Rev, Father E. A. Osborne of the Fathers of
St John the Evangelist of Boston, owing to
the enforced absence of Father F. A. Lan-
more, late of the Cowley Fathers of Fngland,
who is the chaplain of the sisterhood. Father
lanamore has just had an operation per-
formed for appeedeisie and grave fears are
entertained of his recovery.

THE FLAG SHALL WAVE.

 

And the Law Does Not Forbid Attaching Can
didates’ Names to It.

Lono Brancn, N. J., dune 26.—Mayor P.
Hall Packer of Seabright has won his fight
against Gen. Ferdinand P. Earle of New York.
Gen. Earle took the Mayor to task because he
tacked on the names of McKinley and Koose-
velt to an American flag and swung it across
the streets of Seabright. Gen. Farle main-
tained that the Mayor was desecrating the
flag. An act of Congress, he said, had been
pased to put an end to the using of the flag for
campaign purposes

Mayor Packer to-day in order to satisfy
himself on the question, telegraphed the fol-
lowing inquiry to Attorney-General John W,
Grigas:

“T have swung across the street an Ameri-
can flag bearing the names of MeKinley and
Roosevelt on the bottom. Democrats ord-
ered names off, claiming that an act of Cone
gress forbids it. Have IT violated the law?

Attorney-General Griggs replied ful-
lows Bilis concerning \ise of American fags
were introduced this and other sessions. None
of them has beoome law.”

Mayor Packer said to-night that the
would wave untl McKinley and

es

flag
Roosevelt

| were elected.

PROGRESS OF THE SUBWAY.
Actual Digging of the Tannel to Begin Down-
town Early in July,

The contract between the Rapid Transit
Subway Company and John C, Rodgers, who
is to tunnel under the Harlem River, will prob-
ably be exeented this week. Mr. Rodyers
said yesterday that he would begin work in
about ten days at a point north of the river
and dig toward the terminus of his section at

Brook avenue before beginning the tunnel
under the river. He will get to that, he said,
in about three months

Downtown work on the excavation of the
subway itself will beein early next month.
Chief Engineer Parsons granted a permit yes-
terday to the Degnon-Meclean Construction
Company to open streets between Chambers
and Great Jones streets on Centre, Elm and
New Fim streets, Chambers and Great Jones
sents are the limits of the second section of
the subway

The Council passed? a resolution yesterday
asking the Rapid Transit Commissioners to
delay the work on the Boulevard wnril the fall,

TAKEN ILL ALONE IN

 

 

HIS HOUSE,

The Rev. Mr. Killinger Stricken With Apo-
plexy at Night.

Trenton, N.J., June 24 -The Rev. Emanuel
B. Killinger, pastor of Chast English Lutheran
Church, while alone in his house last night was
taken ill andi: now inacritical condi!'ion at
St. Francis Hespital. He was well when he
retired at 10:30 o'clock. His family are at

 

Selin’s Grove, Pa At midnight passersby)
heard groans in Mr. Killinger'’s house, but no

attention was paidtothem, The groans were
also heard by J. J. Kents, a neighbor, who, até
o'clock this morning, broke into the house with
anaxe. Every door ieading toward Mr. Killin-
ger's room wis locked, a8 was also the bedroom
door. The house was recently entered by
burglars. The minister was found on the bed
uneonscious, The physicians think thatitisa
case of apoplexy.

OPEN AIR COURT AGAIN?

 

Mayor's Veto May Drive Queens Magistrate
Into the Street Once More.

The Long Island City police court wil prob-
ably have to resume open air sessions to-day
After being put out of the Queens County
Court House by Sheriff Baker the court was
held on the steps of the county buliding for a

few days, Then quarters were secured in St
Mary's Lyceum Building, in Fifth street, it
being understood that the city would lease the
place as @ permanent -ourt room After a long
delay the resolution leasing the property was
aseed by the Municipal Assembly, but Mayor
Van Wyck has vetoed itand the court is again
without_.a home. It is not believed that the
owner of the Lyceum will permit further occu.
pancy, as the court has been there nearly two
months without paying rent

 

Bottle Baby Sea Lion Dead.
The baby sea lion which Capt. Paul Boynton
was raising on a nursing bottle at Coney Island
died yesterday afternoon. The sea lion was

born at theisiand a week ago, and under the
diet of condensed and fresh milk it appeared to
thrive wonderfully Yesterday, for the first
ime since its birth, Capt. Boynton undertook to
feed it fresh fish and its death resulted a few
hours after.

Mrs. J. A. Robinson Rents a Newport Cottage
Newport, R. L, June 26.--The C. N. Fay

villa on the south side of Narragansett avenue,

own as “Quarterfol),”’ has been sublet by
Bre A. T. Kemp to Mrs. John A. Robinson of
New York for the seas n.

 

Trial Trip of the Deutschland.

The now Hamburg-American Line steamship
Deutschland, a twenty-three knotter, intended

beat the records of the best merchantmen in
goevien, sailed yesterday from Swinemunde to

take her trial tests in the Baltic

rr —

FLAG OF DEWRY SALUTED.

 

ADMIRAL GREETED BY THE SQUAD
RON IN NEWPORT HARBOR.

Farquhar and His Vessels Arrive From Boston
~Torpedo Boat Seat to Narragansett Pier
to Fetch Dewey~Target Practice at Sca by
Warshipse—OMcers to Attend War College.

Newporr, R. I., June 26.~The ships of the
North Atlantic squadron under the command
of Rear Admiral Farquhar are again in the wa-
ters of Narragansett Bay and they will remain
here until theend of July. The trip from Boston
was made in twenty-four hours, the squadron
proceeding easily around Cape Cod. At day-
break this morning the flagship New York sig-
nalled for the battleships Indiana, Massachu-
setts and Texas to hold “quarterly practice,”
while the flagship and the Kearsarge proceeded
to Newport, arriving at about 9 o'clock, They
came to anchor off Jamestown, three miles
from Newport. as many of the offlcers’ wives
and families are summering there. As the
New York came in the Admiral’s flag was saluted
by the gunboat Newport.

With the other ships targeta were put out
aid all the morning passed in gunnery practice.
The sea was calm and some good shots were
made, showing that the American gunner was
still proficient. The firing was several miles
off shore yet It could be plainly heard at New-
port, beginning shortly after 8 and continuing
until afternoon, The ships used all their bat-
teries, and each ship's crew allows it did the
best work.

The Massachusetta came in the harbor at 2
o'clock, fullowed by the Texas and Indiana,
each an hour later than the other. The coming
month in Narragansett Bay will be closely de
voted to drill. There will be landing parties

and sham battles and boat drills, that the
men may become most proficient. The officers
of the ships will attend the lectures at the War
College, thig being the obief reason why the
ships are ordered to remain here.

It was a big day in Newport from a naval
standpoint as tt marked the arrival here of Ad-
miral George Dewey and the members of the
Navel Poliey Board, Admiral Dewey ts slop.
jing at Narragansett Pier and the fleet torpedo
»oat Porter was sent to bring him to Newport,
it leaving here at 11:18 o'clock, The Admiral
had u pleusaot trip from the Pler, arriving here

at 1:30,

Admiral Dewey was President of the Board
of Inspection that conducted the oficial tris
of the Porter off Newport several years agm
In anticipation of the arrival of Adiniral Dewey
quite a crowd gathered at the Government
landing, but he ata not come to town, the Porter
going Sirect to tbe training station, where the
Adm'ral landed, On the way through the har-
bor the Admiral’s flag was saluted by the flag-
ship New York, the gunboat Newport, the train-

ship Monongahela and the shore batters
a * training station .
niral Dewe proceeded to the Naval

War Colle where the meeting of the
Board of © Naval Policy was culled. The
members of the board are Admiral-

Dewey, President; Rear Admiral A. 5S, Crownin-

thield of the Bureau of Navigation: Capt.
Charnes D. sigshee, Chief Intelligence Offleer:
Capt, Charles H. Stockton, Naval War College;
Capt. Asa Walker, Assistant at War College;
Capt. Robley D. Evans, Lighthouse Board;
Capt. Henry C. Taylor, receiving shit \er-
mont; Capt. Charles F. Clarke, Teague Island
Navy Yard: Capt. French bE. Chadwick, War

College staff: Col. George C. Reid, Marine Corps
Washington,

The board will ba in session the remainder
of the week, but ita deliberations will be strictly

rivate and behind closed doors, It ts a most
Ons ortant meeting of the board

The Marine Guard and Aprrentice Rattalion
were drawn upatthe station to receive the Ad-
miral and later a dress parade was held in his
honor. It is said that the Admiral has declined
all soctal invitations, of which he has hadmany,
and will return to Narragansett Pier every
naght. Tt is understood, howeyer, that he will
partictpate tn the Fourth of July celebration
should he be asked, and an invitation will be
sent him inimediately,

CUT OFP STROLLERS’ SUPPLIES.

Temporary Misunderstanding Greatly Ham-
pered the Club’s Members.

For the first time in ten days the cheerful
clink of the high bal} was heard last night in
the rooms of the Strollers’ Club at 1424 Broad-
way. The weather was appropriate to the

restoration of privileges of which the club's |

men.vers had been unexpectedly and suddenly
deprived,
Browi'’s chop house
the restaurant for supplies and it was on (hat
condition that the club decorated and arranged
its unsque quarters, For that reason it came
as ashock to most of the members to hear that
William E. Wunderlich, who manages the res
taurant for its owners, had notified the wai
that nothing

om
to be served to the
The way in which the
this intention Was made
proved especially disugreeable to the mem-
bers, who learned from a waiter for the Urst
time that they were no longer tu be s rved as
they had becn

Obe bight a group of members rang for a
Walter as they Lad always been in the habit

Was members

of the club Ubstaires

abnouncement ol

 

of doing. None appearea for some time aud
tie Wiater Who flally alin wered the suliinots
teld tie members (ual Jaoager \ubderuch

had givess orders Wial HO Grluke were to be
Berved to When. ‘Tlie catve as @ boll out ofa
Clear sky. 1t Was bot possible at Wat hour
to gel aby edApiivation trols Ute Ihdldgger abd
When Ube iielubers set OUl LO oeek redresuunecats
eisewiere, Uiey decided to have 4&0 under.
Blanding with (he Mauager the hext morning,
A vonuuitiee of the ined bers liamedbitel be

Gan negotiations wil tie maBager aid liter |

with tue employer. dhe legas pases vl the
Question were pr seated, While the question
of the matvagers aceh Was Under Gincussiva,
tie inenabers ol Ube ciub bad to get aloug walle
OUl the Geughts of the Lezing s.phon or the
cunk of iwe those who wat luere
stantial DOUrishinent Were also COtpeded (yo
Been It OUlsiGe Lie precauets ou) tbe club,

Lhis state of sioge was uot without its dis
advautages tO the restaurant, Lhe Strolers
is @ prosperous OFgaidczauol abd its foulis
are likely W be crowded every tmght., Jt has
@iways been u source of great prout to the
rootuurant, Whicb a this season of the year
hus a very Liuon smaller patronage Cuan Usual.
Jie begotiauods betwee the clubs oflvers
gud its legal advibers and the proprietors of
the restaurant continued for severai days, la
the meantime, the drought at the club con-

eG sub

tinued, tbe proprietor of the rostuurant,
aiter he heard ali tie facts in thy case aud
jearned what the legal features of the situa-

thon were, (ook side’ with the elub, and yes-
terday the privileges Were restored in full.
Jo all appearances, there is a coinplete estab-
lishment of peace betWeen the manager and
the club mnetnher

Yesterday nobody concerned in the matter
could be induced to discuss the terms on which
the manager had surrendered to the club. All
that could be earned was that after an inter.
regnum of terrific dryness, tie club waa again
enjoying the privileges of the bar,

*Fverything is peaceful,” said a Stroller jast
Dight, “and it is not likely that there will be
any further soterruption in the future. No
reasons for the #udden action of the inanager
have been discussed, The conference between
the lawyers and the proprietor of the restaur-
ant were devoted entirely to securing a prompt
restoration of the privileges insured by the
terns ob Which the club rents its two floors
here, There seems to have been no particular
reason for the action of the manager in sud-
denly declining to serve the members, Pos-
aibly such a thing would never have occurred
to him if the club had seen its way to electing
hin a member. But that was out of the ques-
tion, you know. The membership limit has
about been reached already, But we antici-
pate bo more tro able in the future,’

 

CONTESTS HIS SISTER'S WILL,

 

Warren Alleges Her Shere of His Father's Es-
tate Shoald Go to Him.

Charles J, Warren, a flour merelant, has be-
gun a contest in the Surrowate's courtin Brook-
lyn to upset the will of his sister, Miss Louise kb.
Warren, who died on May 19, bequeathing her
entire estate, valued at over $100,000, to Mrs,
Suan. Kowland, another sister” Mr. Warren
avers that his lather, Who died afew years aso,
left hisentire estate, share and share auke, to
his two daughiers, but that there was An ex-
plicit understanding and stipulation between
the members of the larniiy that upon the death
of the unmarried sister her share should go to
the brother Mr. Warren alleges that bis dead
sister's mind was prejudiced against him by
Mrs. Kowland

The club oeeuples two floors over |
Its members draw upon |

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27,
| r | Rew Publications,

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

A Wall Street man who has been making up
@ list of old unsettled estates in this city said
yesterday that until he began the work he had
no adequate appreciation of the great wealth
| of thie city. “For instance,” he said,"I discov-
ered an estate last week which amount to &
good deal more than a million and when the
man who owned it died suddenly several years
ago no one knew him outside of a little circle
of family friends. He was born in New York
and lived here all his life with real estate val-
ued at more than a million dollars in his nar
aud yet he never figured in any of the lists o
wealthy men. Of course the Fayerweather
estate was a striking example of unexpected
wealth, but there are many others which foot
up in the millions and of which the public knows
nothing. There is no way to get a directory
of these valuable estates. Many of the trust
companies have lists of them,which they guard
closely. My information has been by
following up all sorts of clues and records
and if I eclded to publish it, after it had served
my purpose,it would make interesting reading.”

 

 

A club that has resisted all temptations to
move uptown and recently went so decidedly
against the tendency of the times jn club life as
to take a house several blocks further down-
town than the one it had occupied for some
years has received several recruits to its mem-
bership for rather an unusual reason, It took
the quarters occupied for a bong time by another
club, which moved to an elaborate and magnifi-
cent new house much further northward, The
new butiding is one of the finestin the city an
is a atriking example of the present splendor o
the modern New York clubs, But there were
certain membere to whom this characteristic
did not appeal so strongly as the less luxurious
surroundings and accessibility of their former
club home. So they were loath to give up their
accustomed quarters Their diffculty was
solved by joining the club which came to occupy
their former quarters. his was asolution
not possible to every member, but they were
able to afford the luxury of another club

Olive Fremdstadt, who {s to return to this
country next autumn to sing in the English per-
formances at the Metropolitan Opera House, la
a New York girl who has won real success in
Germany, where she has been singing for some
years, Such erroneous reports as to the for-
eign careers of American singers are received
here thatitisdiMcult to tell which of them
meet with real recognition. Only a short time
aco the most extravagant stories of the success
of a young soprano were cabled to New York,
She was said to be envaged for a aoted German
opera house under remarkable conditions, It
now appears that she is not connected with
that theatre. These rumors are always con-
nected with singers whose reported foreign suc-
cesses are a matter of great surprise to persons
here familiar with their talents, Miss Fremd-
stadt Las been lor several years at the opera
house in Cologne, where «he sang linportant
roles and was u participant in the Payrenth fes-
tival one year She went to Germany to begin
her musical studies abroad under the direction
of Mme. Lehmann, who took a great interest tn
her at that time and during the earlier stage of
her career She bas never before been heard
here in English opera, and it ts the engagement
of such singers as Misa Fremdstadt that fs
likely to wive the new enterprise a really na-
tional character

 

—

The accounts of summer resort gayeties that
appear in some of the Sunday newspapers are
even a greater tax now on ingenuity and in-
vention than they are in the height of the sea-
gon, when there really may be something to be
written about from these places. To see pio-
tures of women in bathing costume, of moun-
tain climbers and of persons engaved in other
agreeable sports at this time does not awake
the envy of even the most overworked city
resident. It ts only necessary to turn to the
advertisements to see that the hotels at most
of these places have not yet been open and
that such pleasures will not begin in reality for
nearly a month. One amusing instance of this

  

 

 

 

kind occurred last week, when the delights of a
resort on the Jersey coust were ina inatively
deseribed in pencil and writing. As a matter

oft fact, nore of the three hotels at this place
was yet opened, the bathing house is not to be
ready for ten days yet and the place is nothing
more than rather a chilly stretch of windy
sand, but according to the newspaper which
pictured its beauties so prophetically, it was

| already crowded with men and woinen enjoy-
ing themselves in @ way that will be possible
only on Aug. 1.

 

A revival of Interest in lawn tennis {fs ap-
| parent, not only in the suburban towns, but
uso in the athletic clubs and on city courts
at neglected

Umost no one w

which have been alm: r five or

\six years. last year iS SePT

| on the excellent courte of the Crescent Ath-
letie Club and the golf links were filled all the
| time There sees to be no falling off in golf
j interest. but this year the tennis court
well (filed. This iso true of the New York
Athletic Club's courts at Travers I ma. OF
compar ) with wolf, tennis is the mian's
} gute He can get as nineh exercise iia hal
r f tennis as n two hours of golf lhe
a f tennis trom its high tide of nopu-
, larity began about ten years ago, and the en-
thusiasts nthe game bave never ceased to
} bament it The signs this stmmer point to a
gevueral revival of interest in the game. Now
| that it has held on during the bieycie ond golf

| enthusiasm, its adherents believe that it will
| ayzoin return to popular favor,
The young woman who sailed on a Cunarder
last week and according to several newspapers,
stipulated in her contract for passage that a
| casket should be provided for her, in case of
death at ava, will probably be questioned about

this report when she lands and she will then
| of course, deny it. “Itis absurd ” said the New
| York agent of the line yesterday, “and such a

cliuse [s unnecessary. All the big trans-at-
lantic steamships carry a casket for just such
an emergency, If a paamenger dies at sea
and the fronds a0 wish, the body is carried to
por} This young woman is in the flush of

walth and ahe probably will not be pleased
with this story

several montha ago when aw ell-known
young New Yorker died on @ coastwise steam-
ship and was buried at sea against the protest
of his eormmanion, the Captain's actlon excited
the indignation of the young man’s friends

j It was then stated that provision was made on
nearly all of the big passenger steamships for
fust such an emergency, and that passengers

necd not have fear of a burial at sea in case of
death,

Three large millinery shopa in this city, each
run under a different firm name,are owned by
one man and his example ts being followed
by ether men interested in the same business,
It is a mystery to the outsider why a man should
assume different names for his different stores,
The names have no commercial value other
than that which they may acquire under his
management. In other kinds of business, if
aman is successful, his name is a trademark.
Our successful man millither began business
under his own name on 4 side street a few years
ago. He succeeded and he has since invested
his surplus, every two or three years, in eetab-
lishing a new millinery shop in a fashionable
neuthberhood. Not one of these new shops
bears this man's name. Possibly one object
for auch a variety of names is to lend the buver
who goes from shop to shop to think that ahe
is learning the prices of rivals. It might spoil
her fun if she knew that the shops were owned
by the same person

William A. MeConnell, who is soon to make
his dé}ut an rerformer in the
vaudeville theatres, explains his new occupa.
tion on the ground that he is tired of working
for his living and for that reason intends to
devote his summer to the roof gardens He
fe a retiring theatrical manager during the
winter and only those familiar with his shrink-
ing nature can realize what an ordeal for him
a public appearance must be. His humor,
however, is likely to make iteelf as effective
ac ever, for the Met ogee Jokes have sireudy
stood the test of professional use with com-
plete sucoess. Many @ speech in current farce
and burlesgue has been bright with his_pecu-
hur wit. He used to have an office at Thirty-
eahth street and Broadway, and in those days
most of the wit that travelled up and down
the Rialto had its origin in his office fe waa
as one time the silent partner in a firm of bur
jesque writers who turned out the cleverest
specimens ef auch work that the New York

as onologue

 

 

stage has ever witnesses Mr MeConnell

roves as entertaining as his frends expect
f m to be, hs sojourn in vaudeville will pro-
bably be extended beyond the limita of his

summer vacation

At lenst one region is to know a prosperous
summer season. The Jersey coast was never
in greater favor than this year and not a cot-
tage directly on the ocean ts sald to be un-

Lead Found tn Philadelphia's Antiquated | pynted fran Highland Beach down to Spring

Spanish Cannon.

PHILADELPHIA, Pa, June 26.--Examination
by the armorer at the League Island Navy
Yard of the cannon captured from the Spanish
by the Tenth Regiment of Pennsylvania and
presented to thi. city showed that there was
sot and powder in it jhess have been
abstracted and the ball, which is about two and
one-haif inches in diameter, has been placed on
a wooden base and sent to the ffice of the
Chief of the Bureau of oy Property, in City
Halil. The gun was cast in Spain about the
year 1776 and It \s su that it was
bout the beginning of the century.

Lake. This condition is said to exist for the
first time in vears and was unexpected to a
certain extent tel near the
ety, the number of applications for rooms
last Saturday exceeded by more than a hun-
dred the avaiable supply, This establish
ment always happens to have its largest pa-
tronage during June and September, but this
year it has en oved unprecedentad prosperity.
There ia not a summer hotel proprietor about
the city who does not look forward to a success-
ful year. And these expectations are, in the
maiority of cases, founded on such substantial
grounds as the demand for accommodations
already recetved.

In a summer h

 

1900.

RPL PPP tt

 

Tue AWAKENING oF AMERICA 10 ner DUTY
as ARBITER in tHe WORLD’S POLICIES.

WORLD POLITICS (The Chinese Crisis)

== Aasistant Professor of Political Science in the University of Wisconsin,

“A scholarly and dispassionate discussion of the competition among the Great Powers for the control of the

 

Rew Pudlications.

BAA ARR en nn nnn ann nny

By PAUL S. RENISCH, Ph. D.,

Half leather, $1.25 net.

less advanced nations of the earth.”"—OUTLOOK.

“ WORLD POLITICS,” says a well-known writer, “gives the very best account of affairs in China I have
seen. It couldn’t have been better if it had been specially prepared for this crisis.
dition of the country is full, interesting and dispassionate; the report of the concessions to the Powers and their
relative claims and privileges admirable. One gets a comprehensive view of the whole situation.”

THE MACMILLAN COMPANY, New York.

LLL

 

 

 

Orn

 

SNOW REMOVER TO SUE CITY.

Comptroller Wont Pay Its Claim Because of
the Extra Ticket Business,

The Uvalde Asphalt Company, through {te
attorneys, Clarke & Culver, served notice yes-
torday on Comptroller Coler that suit was to be
brought against the clty to recover $103,769.84,
alleged to be due the company for the removal
of snow lust winter fom the streets. Comp-
troller Coler refused to pay this amount, on
the ground that in many cases the company
had received more credit checks for yeers
loads of suow removed than tt was entitled to
under ite contract with the city.

Comptroller Coler says that in many cases
two credit tickets had been given for each lo
and in some cases aa many as five tickets b
been received where only on e was called for,
At the time the tickets were given there were
many excuses offered for the extra payment,
One was that the snow had frozen Into ice and
that the diMfloulty in removing It made the job
worth more than the contract price, Another
was that the work had been done so expedi-
tionsly and ao cleanly that a bonus was hoe more
than right. When the claim of the company
was certified to und presented to Comptroller
Coler, he said that he would not pay it.

“The company will have to aue for it,” anid
he; “all I will pay is what is coming to the come
pany under the terms of the contract.”

Sub-Committees on Charter Revision,
The Charter Revision Commission has ap

pointed these sub-committees

On the Mayor and Municipal Assembly and Mls
cellineous matters. Messrs, Schlieren, Beaman and

Rives. On ‘laxes, Finance, Docks, Ferries and
County Government: Messrs. DeWitt, Levey and
Cromwell On Borough Goveroment, Public Im-

provements, Water Supply, &e. Messrs Weils, (iood-
how and Mason. On Police, Fire, Health, Parks,
Local Courts and Law Department: Mesars. Bartlett,
Davison and Kapper. On Education, Charities and
Correction: Messrs Taft, Mcheen and Crimmins,

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC~THIS DAY.

Sun rises...
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY,
Sandy Hook...7.471 Gov I'd...8:19) Hell Gato.,10:18

Arrived—TUPSDAY, June 24,

Ss Katser Wilhelin der Grosse, Hngelbart, Bremen,
dune 10

sa Culle, Caven, Laverpool, June 15,

S« Columblan, Masters, Liverpool, June 16.

Ss Mexico, Downs, Havana June 25.

Ss Galileo, Clark, Hull, June le

Ss Indramayo, Trotter, London, June 12.

Ss Adria, Rasmussen, Port Marla, June 13,

Ss Alamo, Hix, Colon, June if

Ss Alps, Kirby, Jamaica, June 20).

85 Concho, Risk. Galveston, June 20

Sa City of Macon, Savage, Boston, June 25.

Ss Silvia, Clark, Halifax, June 23.

Ss Tallahassee Askins, Savannah, June 28.

Ss Hamilton, Boaz, Norfolk, June 25.

Bark Seringla Netdrum, Mobile June 5,

Bark Olive Thurlow, Heyes, San Domingo

ARRIVED OT.

Ss Malserin Maria Theresia, from New York, a8
Southampton

Ss Ems, from New York. at Gibraltar,

Ss Maattou, from New York, at London.

  

Tune

 

SAILED PROM FOREIGN PORTS
Ss Trave, from Southampton for New York

 
  
 

Ss Kaiser Wilhelm Il, from Gibraltarfor New York,
Ss Pennsylvania, fromAlymouth for New Yor
—
OUTGOING STRAMSHIPS
Sati To-day.
Malis Close Vessel Sade,
St. Paul, Southampton 700AM 1000AM
Germanic, Tdvernool POOAM 1200M
Westerniand, Antwerp 19S, AM 200M
Matanzas, Tampico.» 100PM S00PM
Siivia, Newfoundiand .....2100AM 100PM
Sail To-morrow,
F. Mismarek, Hamburt 630 AM INOOAM
* 630 AM 1,0 AM
G tereee 100M
Se 100PM s00PM
M 1LOUAM 100PM
Maraval, Grenada 1100 AM 100PM
Tails nan, Barbados 200PM 400P M
fl Paso, New Orleans&....6 - ere 300PM
oul Friday, June 29,
Mae, Ponce.... creeee SL OOAM 100PM
Origin, Inagun , wf 100P M 008 8
Ajgonquin, Charleston shi eeeee
Nueces, Brumswick........ seseeee eee 300P it

INCOMING STEAMSHIPS
Lue To-day

     

 

  
   
 

 

 

 

Kensington tee ADtWETD.. ++ cere Sune 16
Stau of Nebrasika......+-- Glasgow. sre ...cenedune 14
Titanic ceeeecersee cee DALDAGDS. «+00 vos June zt
MaJestle.cccccecseee creeres DAVCrDOOb es... Sune 20
Bremen ...++ Bremen June I

Pontlac Gibraltar . oJdune 18
Henadrika ee AIRIORS. coccorer ees SUMO 19
Fl Dorado..++..- es New Oricans...... June 23
Alonguim. cccceceeeree Jacksunvile, June 24

Due To-morrow.
Phenicla eee . Llambur€..... June 1s
Thos Melville ibraitar......... June ld
Nubia : is Srevin eee June is
Goulried Schenker, Gibraltar...+-..... dune14
Benedict PAB . 1s sve evenee June 16
Fontabelle.... +> St Thomas.......- June 24
City of Augusta : vey eee Sune 25
Due Friday, June 29.

caiser Friedrich.......... Hambur® ......-.Tune 2
Hei Pothergtil veers ’ Harbados...++ee+. June 23

Due Saturday, June 40.

 

   

   
 
  
 

La Touraine.....- a
Euteurt@. ces eeeee rere
St Lould. cess ceeceeeeee
Color add. 6. ceceecereeee
NIAMAIA. ee eee
Due Sunday, July 1.

rquette. London.... s+... June 31
Pournel seveceee IAVPC.,.coooeeeee SUNG 1S
Hriatol Cy pr eeeeee Swansea June i?
Holivie . Gibraltar Junei?
Texas. Shields.......e0-+.. June?
Ei (td .. New Orleans. ......June 24

Foreign Hotels,

errr

eae

THE SAVOY HOTEL,

London

The Savoy Restaurant,

 

4:50 | Sum sets. .7.35 | Moon sets ...7:35

 

A NEW BOOK

 

 

 

 

  
      
  

The account of the present con-

ABOUT CHINA

With Tepes, Cheptere on Peking, Tientsin, the Deca-

dence of the

chus, the Dowager Empress, etc.

China

The LongeLived Empire

By ELIZA RUHAMAH SCIDMORE
Author of “ Jiorikisha Days in Japan” and “Java: The Garden of the East ®
8v0, 466 pages, axth full index, $2.50.

The attention of the civilized world is directed to China, and fortu-
nately The Century Co, has ready a book which will supply the demand

for up-to-date information on the subject.

Miss Scidmore’s “ China;

The Long-Lived Empire” has not been hastily put together to take
advantage of a sudden demand, but was already in type when the doin

of the “ Boxers” became the subject of daily cablegrams. Miss Scid-
more has visited China seven times within the past fifteen years, She
is thoroughly conversant with the subject, knows the work of the
foreign missions, and the inside machinery of Chinese politics, The
book is very fully illustrated from photographs and drawings, and the
frontispiece isa portrait of the Dowager Empress from a painting on silk,

Sold everywhere. Published by

THE CENTURY CO., NEW YORK.

The ATLANT

 

IC for JULY

Ex-President
GROVER CLEVELAND

The Independence of the Executive

In this second article Mr. Cleveland draws largely from bis own per-
’ | sonal experience, and throws much light upon the now famous contest
between the President and the Senate.

A Difficult Case

by W.D. Howells

A whimsical story of
New England village life

Some Prejudices About
Life Assurance
by J. W. Alexander

President of the Equitable Life

Assurance Society.

PECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER :—On receipt of 50 cents, the publishess will send

the A
i Sale

 

MISSING FROM THE BARGE OFFICE.

 

Been Kidnapped for a Ransom,

WasaiNoton, June 26.—Isadore Termini, an
aged Italian who arrtved in New York on the
steamship California on May 25, from Palermo,
has disappeared and his sons, who live in Bul-
fald, are threatening to sue for damages the
shipping agents, Henderson Brothers of New

| York, who contracted to bring the old man

| from Palermo to Buffalo

| Immigration Inspector De Barry at Buffalo has

reported to the Immigration Bureau the pecu-
liar facts of the case, He says that Termini
arrived at the New York Barge Office on the

| California on May. 25 according to the affida-
vite of the fifteen Italians who are now in Buf-
| falo. After his arrival Henderson Brothers

telearaphed to hia relatives for $15, which was

sent Bistean days later Henderson Brothers

tele: hed to De Barry that Termini had
ysteriously disappeared from the Barge Of-
foe and that they would write and explain the
matter. This they never did, according

6 B:

; arry’a report.
m, this maint Termini’s sons began an inves-
tigation. It is alleged that Henderson Broth-

ara denied to their representative that they had
gent for the $15 referred to; but subsequently
funded the money to the brothers. To com-
iivate the matter, it was denied at the Barge
5 ce that Termini had ever arrived there,
The case is now in the hands of Lawyer Bom-
mer of Sultan. whe has been in New York
tigating the affair,

ah Sons fear that their father has been kid-
napped by some Italians who are holding him
for a ransom.

  
 
   

  
  
 

| Foreign otels.

—eeeeeeee

Overlooking the Thames and Embankment
Gardens; commands an incomparable view,
By night @ fairy scene. A rendezvous for
American soclety and European nobility,
The entire house, nearly 300 rooma and100
bathrooms, {s sumptuously furnished with
latest improvements. It ts absolutely
fireproof, down (o the concrete floors,
Pure water from an Artesian well.

MR. HENRI MENGAY, Gen, Manager.

Of International fame, ts under direction of
the famous Chef, Maltre Thouraud. Meals
are ecrved on the romantic terrace over-

looking the Gardens and River, with St, Paul's and Westininster in sight. An Italian orchestra

plays during dinner an! supper

CLARIDGES HOTEL,

been employed In the
jute privacy if desired.
street, Over 300 rooms and 100 bathrooms.

jour broad fireproof staircases insure absolute safety,

frequented by the alite of London,

Rome

 

‘The Restaurant Marivaux,

PARIS

Grosvenor Square, in the centre of fashionable

London; |s the abode of royalty and aristog-
racy. The best and costliest materials have

furnishing. Complete suites, including separate vestibules, insures abso-
A Royal Suite (Prince of Wales's) with separate entrance from the main
The whole house ts absolutely freproof, and

The restaurant is regularly

MR, HENRI MENGAY, Gen, Manager,

Is universally recognized as the most beautiful
and comfortable, as it is the newest, hotel
in Italy. It ia the chief randezvous of Ameri-
ean and English society. The ionbies and
restaurant, under pictaresque filumination
resemble a veritable “midsummer nicht's
dream.” MiB, A. PUYFVPLR, Anvazer.

More familiar as “Joseph's” oppo-
site the new Opera Comique, has
an iuternational reputation of |

long standing

TIC for three months to any NEW subac

Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston

 

    

|
a

riber.
items

JUROR CAUSES A MISTRIAL,

He Shook Hands With the Husband ef the
Plainti@ te Coert.

Judge Nevius in the Circuit Court In Jersey
City yesterday declared a mistrial in the sult of
Mrs. Fmmie Mason against Mrs. Soren C. Thue=
sen because William K. Baker, one of the

jurors, shook hands with the plain b
vand. When the trial o ned on Mo fon
greeaman William aly, who fopreses

fe se

defendant, asked the jurors any
quainted with either the plaintiff or
and all answered in the negative,

morning, while Mr. Mason and b were
talking with their counsel, James F.
just before the o; ening of court Mr.

ped up to the group, saluted

ste, e
and shook hands with her husband.
he Count to

man Daly called the attention o

the oceurrence, Baker acknowledged
was well acquainted with the Masons.
6on’s suit was for $10,000 damages,
waa a tenant in one of Mrs, Thuesen’s

clothing caught fire from a lamp w
eon paced on the stairs and she was
urned,

vy

  
  

DrIBx
CRANE.—At Badenweiler, Germany, on June 6,
1900, Stephen Crane.

Funeral services will be held at the Central Metre-
politan Temple, Seventh av., Dear 14th st,6m
Thursday, June 28, at10:30A. M. Interment a6

lina beth, N, J.

DURFEY,—At Lake Mohonk, suddenly, on Suaday,
June 24, 1900, Joseph Prentice Durfey, in the
69th year of his age.

Funeral services will be held at his lete residences,
156 Park place, Brooklyn, on Wednesday, June
27,1900, at3.30P. M. Friends will kindly omit
flower.

LOSS,-—On Monday, June 25, 1900, at her reat-
dence, 58 West 44th st., Pauline L. Logs, daugh-
ter of the late Adolphus loss, Bag.

Funeral services at the house on Wednesday even-
ing, June 27, 1900, at So clock.

TILLY,—Killed in the Philippine Islands, Mey 89,
1499, George’H. Tilly, Captain United States Vel.
unteer Signal Corps, aged 57 years.

Relatives and (riends are invited to atvend funeral
serviceson Wednesday, June 27, 1900, et the
Methodist Church, Jamaica, L. L, at2 P.M, he
terment in Springfeld Cemetery.

CYPRESS BILLS CEMETERY.
OfMfce, 1 Madison av., corner 234 ot., N.Y,

New Publications, ae

70 BOOKSTORE tn the world shows such @ well
N selected variety as PRATT, 161 6th av,

Colleges and Schoo.

a

For Boys & Young Mea—City & Country

Madison School, “QXT,yaLe
on N. J & N. ¥.R. R. (branch of Erie), 35 wllee out

400 feat above ara ae;

SUMMEK SES Nt Sate -¥ ropes wor
for the fall examinations; Applied S: ers +.
bla and Hegenw a spoaaty Esercise—
Hiders’ Haccn, horsemanship. fenctng, shooting
Held work. G, VON TAUBE, Prinet

a ae ee

] MMPSTEAD (L. L) Ipatitute~Little boye ez-
clusively, Summerencampment; milltary super-
vision, backward Individually instructed, @enuinely
homelike

ee
For Young Men & Womean—City & Country,
\ EW YORK PREPARATORY SCHOOL, 18 Went
* sid st.. Brookly 110 Joralemon st; prepares
aby one for Regents, colleges, schools; open pow,
sees

Schools of Physical Caltere,

we aan bie SWIMMING .cdcuiorce,

et eG. en

ee ee eta > wo

a ~