, %

UNIVERSITY CONVOCATION.
> ape 35 tee

 

 

The Process of Evolution Which Is Now Bring-
ing the Races Together—Re-entrance of
the East Upon the Stage of Historic Life-—
Some Educational Topics Discussed,

Aupary, June 24—Dr. Hamilton W. Mabie.
editor of The Owllook, closed to-night the second
day's session of the Kegents’ convocation. He
addressed a large audience on the subject of
“Bducation and American Opporwnities,” and
inoidentally discussed national expansion.

“The English speaking peoples are doing their
work by virtue of thgir political education,” he
eaid. “It is political in form, but vital in es-
sence. The race, which bas succeeded the
nation as the unit, now enters upon its univer-
sity course. We must now take up the prob-
Jems of civilization, However we may feel
as to territorial expansion we connat fail to
acknowledge all the world is akin. The cur-
rent of historical evolution is sweeping the
reces on together and the perils of association
are far lass than those of isolation and de-
tachment. Woe shall neyer stop in the union
of races in this great historical evolution till
all the races have come together and the East
has reunited with the West

“RB looks now as tf the East was to be re-
organized under Western supervision. As
out of the Kast came the earliest civilization,
we the fruits of it all garnered by the Western
raeea, are to be revealed iagain in the Orient.
From many points the reéntrance of the East
upon the stage of historic life strikes upon the
fmagination with peculiar force. But it ts
Mo vision. It is taking place under our very
eves. It is the evolution of the race with

men have litte to do and cannot check.
th every broaden of national activity
the broadening of national experience
othing steadies the uation or the man
go much as vrave responsibilities. It ts by
going abroad in the large sense that the man
e race is educated, The great races
ways enrich themselves » searon ee the
world and pushing back the horizon of know-
ledge. A people must realize its own charac.
ter, do its own work, and then by an inevt-
table process go forth and mingle with human-
ity and associate with other nations, The
influence of a nation on the world at large is a
reflection of its own character. The supreme

t of a nation comes when it enters the large

dof the world and in competition with

es, The significance of our
t' Th bb possible to take the step from national
to mational unity without loss of indivtdu-

all

Pace or nation that cannot meet its fal-
lows should @ to the wall lower should

ace to the higher. The business of th
wo ig our business and the m n wor
oannot key t wholesome if disease is trana-
mitted by pilurims to Mecca or by olera

spots in India. With the peoples of
rurope we are in the deepest sympathy. There
i here the tides of energy are running with

credible momentuin. In the great world

rena we must present our ideas and evolve
rom the ideal to the actual, The future be-
"gas gu y to the trained races.”

. © Monaghan, formerly United States
Ponsul at Cheninitz, Germany, opened to-day’s
easion and delivered an address on “Industrial
iducation in Germany.” A general discussi

ued led by Supervisor of Institutes Isaac it.
tout of the State Department of Publio In-
etruction. “Manual Training In Secondary
Bohools in General and Specialized for Boys
and for Girls,” was the subject of a long
cussion participated in by Prof. Charles R.
Ric’ of the Teachers’ College, New York

» Mrs. Alice P. Norton of the Brookline
(Mass.) High School; Principal E, C. Colby of

Rochester Atheneum and Mechanios’ [I
titute and Princ Vinton 5S. Paesster of the
arlom School of Industrial Arts of Bingham
ton, The treatment of this topic was based on
the manual training syllabus, At the afternoon
aeedon several fiftean-minute addresses were
made oa “Libraries as a Source of Laspiration,”

MINBOLA CALLA IT A JUDGMENT.

 

Three Buildings Formerly Used as Saloons
Destroyed by Fire.

Mrwnoua, June 80.—Temperance people in
this village are pointing with triumph to the
fate that has overtaken the three buildings
formerty used as liquor saloons on the road
north of the broad plain on which Camp Black
wes pitched. Up to the time of the coming
of the camp there were no places for the sale
of liquor outside the towns, but econ after the
establishment of the camp saloons sprang
up on either side of {t. Of the three on this
aide of the camp, on or near the Hickeville
road, not one rematns standing to-lay. All
have been burned to the ground, the last hav
fag been destroyed recently at night. It ts
@upposed that it was struck by lighting, but
RBothing definite is known about i as the build-
ing was wnoccupied at the time.

But one of the three buildings antedated
the military camp. This was an old farm-
house, sald to have been built nearly a hon-
dred years ago. A man named Maginnis
rented {t, got a license and starteda saloon
there from which he made a considerable sum
of money. He called his place Fort Maginnis
and {¢ was popular with the soldiers, being
convenient to the lines. Shortly after his es-
tablishment another New York man came
out and ee ing a good fleld for the liquor bust-
ness bough! a small lot on which be put up
@ rougb shack, the fittings of whlch consisted
mainly in a pine bar, a big ice chest, not always
supplied with ice, and a conspionoudly displayed
loense. His arrival was followed within a
few days by that of still another New Yorker,
The third comer leased a piece of land and put
up @ shack much like that of his immediate
prefeonssor lt appeared that there was

enough for i, and it is said

‘aft did well financi
camp was given up the liquor deal-
ffs eir places. There was no more bu»

inées for them. A few months later the first of
the two saloon shacks caught fire in some man-
per unknown and burned to the ground, Next
‘ort Maginnis burned down and Al that is now
itis a chimney inlasad state of dilapidation
caused some litte comment, People sud
that as the house had stood for a century withe
out @ mishap it was atrange that it should be
consumed shortly after ng u as a place
is line of suggestion

for the sale of liquor
fortified by the similar destruction of the
other place. \ temperance revive looturer

in Hempstead made the fires the sublect of a
etirving address, in Which he declared that they
e Judgment of heaven upon the liquor
o. For a time the matter was for@ottan,
but the recent burning of the third saloon has
comment again. The temperance peo-
call attention to the fact that fires are rar
is vicinity and say that three fires, all o
which destroyed former saloons, are something
more than chance or eoincidence. To so great
* e nt has the matter attracted attention
at it may prove to be the basis of a new teme
perance revival in this vicinity. mong some
of he re ignorant ni and whites in the
neighborhood the sites of the burned buildin,
are rega with su titlous dread, and it .

e said that at night a flaming ition o:
evi has been seen prowling around U the place.

THE WEST

 

FOR EXPANSION,

Senator Shoup Coofident That President
McKinley Will Be Re-elected,

WAGHINeTON, June 26.—Senator Shoup of
Idaho is very confident of McKiwey's snecess.
“The Republicans,” he said to-day, “will hold
their own in the West and make large gains,
They wi!) hold Oregon and California and carry
Washington, They will carry South Dakota, they
have an even chance !n Nebraska and more
than an even change in Colorado. Our people
out West, especially on the coast, are expan-
sionists ey see opening were them a mar-
ket Inthe Orient efmilar to that which the
Eastern seaboard has in Furope. Formerly
our products had to croas the country and then
shipped to Europe; now we oan ship then
rect to the East from our own. ports and finc
amarket. Expanston will develop the manu-
facturing and agricultural interests of the
Pacific Coast almost beyond belief.”

Mr, Mead’'s Gift to Secarea Change in a
Place’s Name,

Greenwion, Conn., June 26.—Milo Mead, an
eccentric and wealthy resident of Greenwich,
has induced the school district in which he ree
tides to change its name from “East Port-
chester” to "New Lebanon.” Mr. Mead has en-

deavored to bring about this change for years.
“Hawthorne,” the name of the Post Offloe

there, be wall not use. He hos promised land
for fire houses and a Poat Office if New Leh-
anon would be accepted as the name of the
place, Ataschoolmecting last nicht his offer
of alot of land adjoining the sehoo!, 140 bd on
by 264, valued at 1,500, was accepted and the

name changed to New Lebanon

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses
are more fully gad ably treated in Tue Sun's

news eotorens saa in any other medium.

ut beaom. om cua fe

ATLANTA'S STREET CAR FIGHT.

Bitter Municipal Contest Invelved—The Rivalry
of Mr. Hert and Mr. Atkinson.

ATLANTA, Ga., June 24—A municipal cam-
paign is about to open in this city which
promises to eclipse in picturesque and con-
troversial features any former political strug-
gle in Atlanta. It will not end until the result
of the white primary is known next October.
Keen observers say that one of the factions —
the one headed by Joel Hurt of the adanta
Consolidated Railway Oompany and the atlanta
Ruilway Company—intends to begin an out
and-out “Parkhurst” campaign, using for the
purpose the Key, Len @. Broughton, a preach-
er with sensational tendencies, and Sam Jones,
the revivalist, both of whom like to bask in the
sunshine of prosperity and notoriety.

The men and events which led to this un-
usual stave of affairs are many; but the storm
centre is over the heads of Mr. Hurt and H. M.
Atkinson, the first about 55 years old
and the second in his early thirties. Mr. Hurt
appears to be the Goliath and Mr. Atkinson
the David of the situation. For several years
Mr. Hurt has been the real head of the street
railway system of Atlanta. One after an-
other he acquired competing lines until finally
he was master of all. Legal apd financial
causes have prevented actual consolidation,
although plans were prepared on several occa-
sions,

When he bought the last competing line,
the Atlanta Railway Company, from J. J.
Spalding and others, Mr. Hurt turned his at-
tention to the electric lighting business. * In
his first financial plan he set aside $750,000 in
bonds to acquire the Georgia Electric Light
Company, of which Mr. Atkinson ts President
and which occupies the fleld singly. He placed
the arbitrary value of $750,000 upon the prop-
erty without consulting Mr. Atkinson or any
one concerned in the electric light company.
The figure was $350,000 under the actual momey
invested in the plant, which on $1,100,000 was
yielding to its stockholders 10 per cent. In
the general consolidation plan had the electric
light company been acquired at this price it
would have increased the total earnings of the
company 50 per cent, and increased the capi-
talization only 25 per cent,

Apparently Mr. Hurt believed he could
organize and equip a new company for less
money than be offered for Mr. Atkinson's
plant. Intimations were made that the Geon
gia Electrio Light Company would be forced
from the field or bought at a nominal figure.
This took place early in 1890, when Mr. Hurt
‘was the dominant man in Atlanta politics, He
made and unmade Mayors, Commissioners,
Aldermen and Councilmen. His applications

 

for franchises were invariably granted. His
attitude wa t of the cys benefactor. Mr
Atkinson, whose finance backing in New
Englan

and NY, York & eDormous, appeared
not to enjoy Mr urt's proposition to ruin the

Georgia Bleotric Light Company. He prompt-

ly entered the arena with the street railway
colossus, and one year of legal and political
fighting followed.

Mr. Hurt declared that Mr. Atkinson's ap-
plications to the city government for atreet
railway franchises were mere bluffs: but they
were grauted and they cover the four cardinal
points of the city, paralleling all of Mr. Hurt's
profitable routes and reaching all excursion
Points. Several of the Atkinson lines with
double tracks and modern equipment are com-

leted andin operation. Work is being rapidly
ushed op the others, The capacity of the
eorgla Electric Light Company has been

@reatly enlarged and all of its wires have been
ut yadereround, Mr. Atkinson's theory is
hat instead of Mr. Hurt forcing the Georgia

Elecwic Light Company out of business
the result yu surely financial disaster for
the Consolidated Street ilway people.
Originally the Hurt company was capital-

ined Qt $4,600,000, divided into $2,500,000 bonds

and $2,000,000 stock. Of the bonds $2,025,000
were issued and $225,000 were reserved to re-
tire an under: ring. ¢ per cent. first mortgage
lien. U ne Trust Company of Georgia
as agent, Mr. fare bought a“ shares of the

Atlanta Consolidate street Railway stock
at $76 a share, one of 6,000 shares being
acquired from 5, Nercantle rust and De-
posit Company of ore. Trust Com-
pany of Georgia also bought the Atlanta Rail-

Company’s and bonds for $451,000
Thi two purchases required $1,961,-

. To 08 e project the Trust Com-

Rey of rgia had to money.
he eum of $1,600,100 was ed by the Mer-
cantlle Trust and Deposit Company, which
took for securtty all @ Consolidated stock

d all of the Adanta way stock and bonds
y which arrangement the Trust Company of
Georgia margined the Mercantile Trust and
Deposit Co; y $461,000 on the loan.
he reswt was that the Baltiinore company
old out at a profit, and, instead of an owner
one a noes to Mr. Hurt’s company, charg-
ing the equity ent of 7 per cent. ona a@ com-
muission. 1t will thus be noted that the collat-
eral whiohgMr. Hurt’s company gave the Mer-
cantile Trust and Deposit Company had cost
$1,051,000, on which only $1,500,000 in money
was loaned. From other sources it was neo-
essary for Mr. Hurt to borrow $600,000, This
he 6 wi ae quarters 2 ie og
roject up to May, 1800, since when, by figh

Oe the Atkinson routes with construction de-
eigned to shut them ae he has added heavily
to his financial load. The loan due the Mer-
eantile Trust and Deposit Company matured
on Jan. 10 and was extended to allow Mr. Hurt
another opportunity to reorganize the pro
erty. The two existing mortgages cannot te

en Mr. Hurt

d hie financial scheme

Ing these fixed charges:

severereeeG114,750

ash.
000.

called, and it wl be seen that
in May, 1890, forr

his company was
Interest OM DONS. ...... 6+ .ssmmerees
. T. & D. 10an. ...-000

nula

 
 

 

Interest on seseeee. 100,000
‘nierest of other loans...... eeneey seserere 25,000
$278,000

The figures given show that the charges
during the real Just clowed must of necessity
largely exoeed $278,000, owlng to new con-

struction and contingent se peneee,

The reported gross earnings of the Hurt
Toads for the year 1898 were $680,213.55. Out
of this sum, it is alleged, the net earnings were
$258,655.32, To accompilsh this result it vas
Lecessary to operate on 50 per cent. of the
gross earnings. The Atkinson roads will carry
total charges of $40,000.

Mr. Murt a now working industriously on
his scheme of reorganization, but his health is
poor. His physicians have recommended a
Test and have suggested a European trip.
One or two obetacies stand in the way of his
present plan. The iret is a suit instituted by
the State of Georgia. The Governor, throug
Attorney-General J. M = Terruvll, brought an
action w prevent the Trust Company of Georgia
consolidating the lines whose securities it had
bought. The Judge of the Superior Court
enjomed the consolidation and granwd all
the State’s contentions The Supreme Court
has modified this injunction on the facts us
shown by the affidavits of the railway com-
reer These facts will now be tried before a

ury

To revert to the political aspeot of the fight
it ig neeessiry to consider the preseut Mayor
of the city, James G. Woodward. Mayor Wood-
ward was formerly employed on &x-Secretary
Hoke Smith's bewepaper. He had served the
city faithfully in varipus capacities, and for

wenty-three years bad been a total abstainer

rom intoxicating liquors, Last sumer, it
is alleged by the Mayor's frieuds, a man iden-
tifled with the interests of the Consolidated
Street Railway Company wiled the Mayor
into conviviq! habits, with the idea of influ-
encing his action in certain street railway legis-
lation then before hun. Whatever cise muy be
said about the Mayor, it is_known that he is
absolutely incorruptible. The object con-
templated tn bringing to an eud his resolution
of abstinence failed utterly, and en, the
Mayor's friends assert, the very ones who were
at the bottom of his trouble bagan to hound him
without merey. kven now a coramittes egm-
posed exolusively of his enemies in the City

Council is hearing e anne, Dol comperning
any official act, but relating wholly to his pri-
vate conduct. So far the proo ngs of the

committees have exci
of the community, one
first and most Importan
itself phovagraphe

Meanwhile Dr. Broughton and Sam Jones
are brought into the affair for purely spec-
tacular purposes

only the risibilities
of the committee's
moves being to have

 

Police Board Will Back Bonnoll’s Appeal.

Corporation Counsel Whalen has ruled thot
the Police Board may give a bond to enable
Detective Bounoil to carry to the Court of Ap-
peals the dee'sicn of the Supreme Court mulot-
ing him in Ganages for arresting on susp.cion
aman whom he thought was a burglar and who

roved that he wasn't. Mr. Whalen holds that
fie deeision, if allowed to stand, will militate
against the “ficiency of theforoe. The appeal
will be taken.

Bernard Goldberg's Bail Forfeited.

Judge Thomas of the United States Court in
Brooklyn has declared forfeited the $2,500 bail
furnished by Gertie and Bains Horwitz of
Chrystie street for Bernard Goldberg, who had
been arrested for running an illicit) still in
Brownsville. Goldberg was to have been tried
in April, but did not apy ear.

 

| Shopplug District's Frult Pedlers Raided.
The pusheart fruit pediers in the shopping
district were raided again yesterday afternoon

by the Tenderloin peice and last night it was
| necessary to d:tail five policemen @uard

Soiree coe ee

 

 
 
   

 

'

DEAD SENECA PRIESTESS.
PUNERAL OF MABTHA HEMLOCK,
KILLED BY THE CARS.

Head of the Wolf Clan—She Passed for More
Than a Hundred Years O14, but Was Up-
right as the Tree She Was Named For
~Death Feast ef the Clan and CousinfClans.

CaTranavaue INDIAN RESERVATION, Lawton
Station, Erie County, N. Y., June 25.—
The funeral of the late Martha Hemlock—the
Indian woman who was killed at the Erie Rail-
way crossing near ColMna, N. Y.—was
held at the Council House here to-day. The
grief of the large number of Indians present
was intensified by the fact that lew than a
yoar ago two of their prominent chiefe—James
Red Eye and James King—were killed by the
cars near the same place where this aged
woman met with sudden death.

The funeral ceremonies were held in accord
with the anctent religious rites of the Iroquois
Indians, Mre, Hemlock was robed in the
aymbotio white blanket, her garb of authority
as “Head” or eldest woman of her tribe, the
Wolf.

It was the legend among the Seneca Indians
that Mrs, Hemlock was more than a bundred
years of age. Her husband was killed in one
of the battles of the War of 1812. Before the
Senecas abandoned the tribal law and adopted
@ republican form of government Mre. Hem-
look was appointed the keeper of the historical
“Woman's Nominating Belt,” and it was her
office to send with this belt the name of any
chief who had been nominated by the women
to the Council of Sachams and Chiela who
were to install him in office. A few )cars ago
Mra. Hemlock placed this belt in the keeping

of Mrs. Harriet Maxwell Converse, whe finally
deposited it with others of the natlo wam-
um belts which the New York State Indians
ve transferred to the care of the Board of
Regents at Albany.
rs. Hemlock was the head of the Ho-now-
di-out, the woman’s order of priesthood wh
named the feast ys and ebrations o
religious or civil portance. She led the
ling of female dancers at all thy feasts and was
the “Door” or eldest woman of the Na-ga-na-
ah Lodge, the secret mediciue society of
equ and by this office distributed the
feast which is provided at the celebration of
this strange rite. It was her duty to throw
the first of the three shovels of dirt into a grave,
signifying the end of the mortal elements an
the begining of the immortal. It was also
hor province to kindJe the first fire in the Coun-
cl flouse at sunrise of the first da

 

 

fs a iste
ar. Always in a snow- e
here was no rite nor ritual that this, ee

of the Ho-noe-di-out, oS hos partieipete in as
the foremost an o an .

Mrs, Hemlock owned a sma farm and de-
spite her age planted her corn and potatoes
with hor own hands besides Snding Ume to
“hire out” to the pale faces to hill their corn
and hoe potatoes, At intervals she gold
basket worl and it was on one of her vendin

trips, while walking on the railroad track, tha‘
she met her death,

At the ual ten days’ death feast all the
members o! e Wolf and oousin clans will
congregate to pay the last honors to this falth-
ful woman who ha  pamed the oentury mark
of fidelity to ancient religton,

By the doath of this aged woman hes passed
away not only one of the historical characters
of the Saneoas, but an honest woman who was
reapgctod by all the pale faces and honored
by all the Senecas. Mrs. Hemlock was one o
the last of the picturesque of the Seneca In-
dians, Above the avarage height and straight
as an elm, her white hair stragaing over her
face partly concealing her high cheek and
deep-set Indian eye and shadowing the fur-
rows of years, there was always a bit of color
about her—a red ribbon or feather which tn-
dicated her race love of pieptnens and youth-
fulness of adornment, She leaves gne grand-
on who will sucoeed to her worldly posses-
sions.

ENDED HER LIFE IN A CRMETERY.

 

Identity ef a Suicide in Everett, Mass., Dis-
closed by Torn Papers.

Boston, June 26.—The dead body of a young
Woman was found yesterday afternoon lying
on an embankment in Woodlawn Cemetery at
Everett. At that time there was no clue to her
identity nor to the cause of her death. She
was seen walking about the cemetery a half
hour before the discovery of the body and for
twenty-four hours the polioe endeavored to
solve the mystery. This morning, however,
light was thrown upon the case. While work-
men were cutting grass al the avenue where

the body was found the scythe of one of them
etruck a small blue cut-2 bottle. It was
labelled “Poiaon. Carbolic acid.” It bore the

name of a druggist on Green street this city.

The bottle was almost empty. Near the bot-
tle were found pieces of torn paper, notes, en-
velopes and business cards. ‘They were thor-
oughty torn and many pieces were missing, but
Chief of Police Brown succeeded in atching
together a card which proved to be from the
North End Dipeneery apparently a patient's
card. Itread J. Hamilton and was dated June
6. me ote — was d ot the word
“Mahoney.” sp altternoon @ body was
identined. as that of Mrs. Ida Hanley, wife of
J. T. Hanley, a railroad man. He is working
tween Lowell and Billerica. The woman
ad lived in Everett for four years.

JUST TIRED OF LIFE.
That's the Only Reason a Providence Man
Says He Had for Trying to End His.

Louis Willy of 174 Fount street, Providenca,
R. 1., came to this city last Saturday and lired
a furnished room in Thomas Noon’s house at

675 Lexington avenue. Yesterday afternoon
Noon smelled fe. and tracing it Willy’
room, found Willy unconscious on the bed 8
gas was turned on at every Jet {nthe room.
Wily was taken to the Presbyterian Hospital
and will recover. He said that he wasa » m=
ber of a weal'‘hy family in Provicence, and that
the only reason he had for trying to kill himself
was that be wee tired of life. There is no such
street in Providence as “Fount street.”

NOT GUILTY, SAYS MR. POWELL.
Denies That He Ever Tried to Kiss One of
His Girl Pupils.

Mrs. J. Clarke, who was recently dropped
from her place as teacher of sewing in the
Manual Training School in Brooklyn for alleged
‘<neompetency,”’ avers that Ler dismissal really
resulted from reflections she made on the

alleged misconduct of William. B. Powell, a
teicher in the school, toward Miss Marie A,
Hanhart, 17 years old, one of tha pupils. In
substantiating this she furnishes this statement
of Misa Hanhart

“The statement made by me respecting an
{ostance ocourring within the Vanual Trainin
Hich School between Mr. Powell and tne, and
reported by Mrs. Clark, is absolutely true

“MAnIE A. HANHART,”

The incident to which Mise Hanhart refers
occured, it is understood, about a year ago, Her
story 3 that on returning to the school one
afternoon ‘or her hat, which she had left be
hind, Mr. Powell had attempted to kiss her.

Mr. Powell said yesterday: “I make a general
denial of the whole story; so faras It relates to
me, it la absolutely false,”’

 

Musictan Pat in the Mad Ward.

Thomas Dangh, a musician, living at 212 St.
Nicholas avenue, who has been connected with
most of the leading bandsin this citr, was re-
moved to Bellevu) Hospital last nicht and put
in the insane pavilion. tls wile said that he
had been acting strangely for the last three
days.

Court Calendars This Day.

    
 
 
 

   
      

Appellate Division Supreme Court Ost.
Supreme Court -Appellate Term ecess. Spe.
cial Term -Part lL Motion calendar called at 10:30
A.M. PartilL Ex-parte matters. artlil Cleag.
64, S504, 6505, 6596, BAF, B508,
7 5514, 5615, 5516,
Sd24, 5595,
» S585, 5884,
5302, S308, 5810
308, S3)4, 6255, 5488, $403, S4g4)
BS, 7 arts LV VL and VIL Adjourned
for the term. Part \ Case on Ng 2475, Miller
E ison eetric Ul Co No bay ealeniag,
Trial Term Part Ul Case unfinished, Preferred
causes No 4258, HKorert-starr Wheel Co. No,
vO6a, City of New York vs Volnie Part UL Case
un \nisbed Nos, 7744, 4834, 7196, #014 TAHA, 780,
7164, 7961, 8020, 8021, $044, 7803." Part [V. \Caces
unfinished. Cases from Part Ill Part V. -Case
untinished. Cases fram Part JI] Part VI .Caseq
unfinished. Cases from Part ITI ‘art \Il.—Clear,
Nos, 14086, (578, 6579, 6745, 64608, 12719, Parts
VILL, IX. and X. Adjourned for the term. Part
Xl—Cleag, Cases from Part VIL Part XIL—Case
unOnished, Cases from Part IL

Surrowate'’s Court-Chambers No.
Robert Bonner, at 10:30 AM
of Maria Davies, Fiiza V

} 1519, will of
) Por prohate Wiis
Curts, Praneis Hius-

bands, Hugh Keane, liannah M Balinford, Cathar
ine Smith, at toa0 A. M. Trial Term No day
calendar :

" Special Torin Courtovens at 10 A. M.

    

rm Part Case untinished,
2800, 441, 4885, 2705, 2706, 2608, 2410
» Part Il Clear. | Nos 3167, 3168.

V103, 3197, 8280, SIA6, 3174, 3977,
$222, S824, 3224, 225, S2kz) a226,
M5, SHSAS,, CA40, 3150, ae, 3277, 3279',,
Wt Clear. Nos ‘3501, 1775, aa5
JS58%,, 3495, 2818, 3459, 3450',, 3503, 3504, 3505,

Tia le

    

 

, 3232, 32!
, Part

3460, Part IV ase unfinished. Short -
Bos 405), 4912, 4us4, 4597, 8076, 8077 Joss, S018,
bor, 5037, 5008, 6109, 4769, Equity case --

THE SUN, WE

  

DNESDAY,

JAMES CAGBY TWICE FOOLED.
‘Twe Experiences in the Career of o Bartender
tm the Eighth Ward.

If it were not for the opinions of James Casey,
bartender, who has passed the greater part of

 

his oareer ‘pursuing his scientific occupation
in the Righth ward, many of the leading citizens
of that division of the city would be at @ loss to
know what to back at a horse race or tha proper
gig to play in the festive policy. So acourate
have been his pickings in the prize ring and
the racetrack and elsewhere that the Eighth
ward has named him The Pigeon.

“Why do they call you The Pigeon? da
man the other night, as Casey was 4 to
make a gin fizz without powdered sugar.

“Why-y-y-y?” and Casey drop a halt
lemon into the concoction with such force tha:
it bespattered the new twenty-nine-cent sum-
mer shirt of the customer, “Why-y-yy?" he

iterated with renewed ren ‘Well,

V's die way. Before dese blokes to
ure, when I was crackin’ about what I knowed,
dey t'ought I was spreadin’ de Mexican salve,
ao ebuckin’ a bluff, so dey called me de ple:
eon. Dey t‘ought I was gettin’ chesty. 0!
But I'se a dead wise guy.” And C gay

the fizz a final atable touch by adding to
it a piece of ice that had just served {ts original
purpose of keeping a bologna sausage Cool in
the refrigerator.

The tomer took the fizz and swallowed
a gulp. macking Kis fps in evident satis-
faction, he said:

Casey, I always knew that.”
‘ See eeiT It came with pach are
te ,hissing, apparently unoon' foroe,
tas 'the a. pwallowed = hunk of ice,
rop glass on joor,
y reached over the bar and caught him
by the coat.

“Yos-s-s-a-e'!!" he continued, “I was @
dead wise guy, but dey have called me down,
I'm _@ cheap Fophet, and I got fooled twict.

“Low was that?” said the customer In a hoarse
whisper, with the ioe still sticking in his thorax,
and wondering if he couldn't persuade one
to give him something to wash 3} gowe, as
did not have the price of another nk. |

“Have another fizz T'll tell yer, sald
“You've heard about dese praot!

Casey.

{cet what's always workin’ on bare
eepers and tryin to fleece ‘em for drinks?
Well, a guy gings a new one to

de odder day
an’ he can have me job. Well, dis euy Jeat
takes @ two-step in de front door an’ wid a Jay
Goul' alr he says to me, he says:
ween mea pe es a tin roott ty I.
. 6 ‘T’'ve mixed every mm
a L 4 ean to a@ hot gazoo, but you can
have de place if I ever mixed a fin .
* Wott

yg he, openin’ his two eyes Ike
ey was de side lights of a hack. ‘Don't you
now Wot a tin roof {s?
“'Naw,’ says]. ‘You've got me beat,’

~ Well! says he, ‘you takes de best booze
on de ranoh an’ you pours it on some ice wid
4 Little lemon peel.’

“I hauls out a bottle of de best k Row
fog an’ plants [t in front of him, an’ a glare wid

piece of ioe an’ de lemon peel. He pours out
‘our ers, puts it under his belt an’ starts

to ont.
“Wot's dat,” says 1, Jumpin’ over de bar an’
erabbin’ him just A got out of de door.

“'Wot's dat? saya he. ‘Dat’s a tin roof,’
says he.

“*& tin roof,” saye I, haulin’ him back into
de Joint.

‘Yes, a tin roof,’ eays he. ‘Ain't atin roof
on de house?’
waa put out wid a chance blow, an’
before 1 had time to recover, I had asked 'h
to have another. De foller wot gets me an
gets me eood can have all I’ve got.

“Well, pard, it took me just two days to get
over de effects of dat an yought of goin’ up
to de Tenth an’ workin’ {t off on old Riley, who's
just got a brewery mortgage on his joint,
place was full of dead ones dat mornin’. I
never seen so many bar filea in me life. De
was walkin’ up one by one an’ givin’ me all
kinds of gaff about dere gran’mudders bein’
sick an’ about goin to work on de tunnel an’
makin’ a little borrow from Dick Croker when
he got back from Europe. but I give dem all de
stony ear,

‘Just den a big feller brushes t’rough de
bunch an’ says ‘Give me a beer. an’ give de
crowd a ‘s goin to be trouble
de ward,’

“Trouble tn de Ate? Why, I was so joyful
dat I set dem up before I knowed {t. Trouble
in de Ate always brought de boys in bunches
an' dey spent ecme dough.

“'Yes, dey’s goin’ to be plenty of woubte
{n de ward an’ dis mornin’ too,’ says he.
‘Give us another round.’
et fan I be tn it?’ says I, asI stood up the row

oam.
4 ate? bet,’ says he, ‘It will be a hot time in
je Ate.

“Well, wasso glad dat I set gnother pound,
not t'inkin’. { logke de y_over an’ he
seemed all right an’ I thought I could see a
Klondike comin’ my way, 80 1 senda de bo
down to tap another ire of de hops ao
could have plenty, for I t’ought he was goin’
to blow oF air.

“He had just lowed de third round when
he went to de frea lunch counter, made a blu?
at eatin’ an’ den made a bolt for de atmos

phere.

“Me after him? Like a shot. I hed him by
le neck before he had time to semp to a cel-
ar. 1 brings him back an’ says, ‘ Where ta de
dough for dem drinks?’

“Didn't I tell you dere was goin’ to be
trouble here?’ he says.
“An’ dere was.”

 

LOWER FARES TO EUROPE.

Winter Schedule Will Be Pat im Force on
Aug. 1.

The steamship companies have been disap-
pointed in the expeotation that the Pars Expo-
sition would cause an unusual exodus of pas-
eengers to Europe this summer. The lines had
hoped to keep the summer rates for passage in
force until Sept. 30. In ordinary years the
winter schedule goes into effect on July 14.
The bookings for the rest of this summer, ac-
cording to some of the agents of the lines, are

not large enough b warrant keeping up sum-
mer prices later than Aug. 1, this year. The
White Star and the Cunard companies have de-
cided to put thetr winter schedule in force on
that date. This means a reduction in minimum

ates of betwean 90 @ per cent, hi
a mbure-amierienn, Ae rmag Liovd

and the American lines, sopor in their

agente, 1 meet the change of the too British
nes

 

Jim Jeffries Talks.

Champton Jim Jeffries seems to be very angry
at Jim Corbett because the latter is reported
to have belittled the boilermaker’s victory
over him at Coney Island.

“I don’t care to get into any newspaper oon-
troversy with Corbett,” said Jeffries yesterday.
“He dare not make a move of that kind for
will have him ned to death. The idea
Corbett sayin was a badly punis' man

fter that fight. One repo my nore

Token and my face all bat up, I am
not looking for any sympathy from the public,
All 1 want is to get all the credit due me. Some
of my friends say that Corbett intends to tackle
me on the street. [am not afraid of that, you
ean bet. Wait until Billy Brady gets back
to America and then you will see Corbett take
to re tay timber. ‘te é ‘

“Il am feeling good these days. left
is rounding to nicely. I weight toout We
younds in street costume. During my stay in
New York I will try and get one natch of some
kind in spite of the fac thes ave defeated
Fitzsimmons, Sharkey and Corbett inside of

one year,
"Nail ls looking after Jaffries's inter-

Ross
ests in the absence of Brady.

 

Gossip of the Ring.

dJobn J. Jackson, New York—No.

T. D., New York—He 1s not in this country at pres-
ent

Petr Maher 1s training at West Chester for his en-
counter with Steve O'Donnell,

The date of the contest between George McFadden
and Jack 0’ Brien has been taed for July 13, at Coney
Isiand.

Charley McKeever of Philadelphia has been matehe:
to box Charley Burnes of Cincinnati ina twenty oun
boutat Cripple Creek on July 4.

The match between Bob Douglass and Tommy
Ryan, which was to have taken pidoe at Kansas City,
according to Ryan has been called off.

“Pedine”’ Palmer, the former English bantam eham-
ion, again announces his retirement from the ring.
>almer says that he |s tired of the Nghting game

Hughey Murphy, the former amateur ban
who defvated Kid McFadden, has been mate
box twenty rounds with Johnny Reagan atthe Pelican
A.C, on neat Saturday night

Fddie Connolly and Tom Ferns, the“Kansas Rube,"
are «dled box twenty-five rounds at the Sea Sid
Sporting Club on next Saturday night This wil
be Perns's (irst appearance tn Giteater New York.

 

Yachting Notes.

Adrian Iselin, Jr., has chartered the
Radha for the season, onem youn

Commodore Clarence A, Postley will
yaoht Colonia in commission thi we” nie oteam

J. Rogers Maxwell's new 48-footer Hebe will make
her first appearance in the annual regatt r
mont Yacht Club on July 4, rere ar Lae

The English cutter Astrild, owned by Wilme:
Addison Hanan. will be ready for Tacing neat 7
Capt, Sherlock, who formerly sailed the Pilgrim,
senreuerite aod Yampa, will nave charge of the As.

rild,

The fifteenth annual revatta of the New
Yacht Club will be salled next Matarday ihe
will _be races for all classes, 51-foot and under, as ar
ranged in the Yacht Hacing Assoctation’s classi\ca-
tion, and for the special A0-footers, Entries should
be mailed to J. D. Sparkman, chairman of the Re
gaita Committees, 223 Pifth aveaue, in time to be re.
celved to mortow morning. The start will be made
at noon, and the yachts will be sent over the regular
dub courses, ‘Thirty-footers aud over will sail 14
miles, and $1-footers will sall 22 miles, Raceabou

ties,

4 all
ee

JUNE 27,

=

1900.
FAST POLO IN BROOKLYN.

DEDHAM BEATS MYOPIA IN THE
MATCH AT PROGSPBCT PARK.

Agassis’s Pony ahd the Misohtef It Wrought
—A Long Period Marked by & Spectacelar
Play by Shaw—Ferbes in Fine Form—An-
other Big Crowd to Enjoy the Sport

No better polo game ever was seen than
the match between Dedham aud Myopia at

Prospect Park yesterday to start the annual

series of champiouship games, which are to be

continued each afternoon thts week. It was

Scientific polo, and as well rollicking and dash-

ing t© the utmost degree. One incident was

@ period of ten minutes and twenty seoonds

without a change of ponies; auosher the wicked

ways of oneof the Agassiz ponies, who kicked the
ball twice through the posts and earned each
time a goal for Dedham. It was nuts for the

Debhamites to win, for, up Boston way, the

team never has been rated as quite in the same

Class as Myopia. But the Deadhamitas took

the lead in the first period and won the game

by 9 goals to 6.

There was again a great turnout of specta-

tors, probably 16,000, and the police had their

hands full in trying to keep the enthusiastio
crowds, on the exciting plays, from surging over
the boundaries in the wake of the ponies. The
field & one of the largest in the world, about

1,200 by 600 feet, and it is difficult to keep track

of the playa on every part of it, and, in the

 

peal to miss yo part of the exciting sport,
ctowd 5 est y was always on the point o
breaking in. The cheers from the part of the

crowd uearest to each scrimmage followed each
other like the crashings of breakers on the sea-
shore, and in aa constant volume. for there never
was an instant that some portion of the “gab
lary” was not on ita feet and yelling. lety

ain had {ts quota among the onlookers.
Those who had four-in-hands on the line, each
crowded with guests from box seat to boot,
were H, lL, Herbert, George J. Gould; the Rock-

‘ub, J. Frank McFaddin, who had a

load of Phijadelphians; G. P. Eustis, who had

party of Bostonians as his guests, and W. C.
Print o had out the Coaching Club drag
-ioneer, 6 line-up was in this order:
Dedham—Allan Forbes, 1; E. M. Weld, 2; W. HL
Goodwin, 3; Joshua Crane, back.

Myopla—c G. Rice, 1; R. G. Shaw, & A
Holmes 8; R. L. Agassiz, back,
Charles Wheeler of the Devon Club was the
referee. In one way he had an eas task, fo
Jt was such a clean and fast game that he di

noth t apenalty.
“ihe throw-in Dedham had the ball, bat
Weld miese he

in tr) ing to.run it Wp. and, aa t
Myopia men turned it cleverly, Rice acored a
goal for th T p Bess Boe was also made in
quite Hine, ‘eld doing the trick after gejting
the ball from a sorimmage before the goal.

came a hk riod, which first brought out
the di allo reason of Agassiz’s pony, This
is a whit faced bay panich pony, branded
87 B,” if ¢ Myopia man has plaved for five
seasons. It lat

only thine “87 B” has ever
roven tarda’ he ot

Now

oate and litter of Mvopta,
ut yesterday he ran amuck, as events proved,
like a bad Malay. Weld bad the ball, but he
was ridden off by Shaw. Then Agassiz, in his
dash with it, nearly qollided with the slow-turn-
ng gray hunter thab Wheeler rode, The My-
opia expert velled: “For God's sake, referes,
keep away’” The efacalation did no good,
Sor Ports eh, we pa tos later it om
mi e fle cley r ping oO °o
Holmes, Rica and Shaw te turn it. In front

of goal he found Agassiz, a grim sentinel. The

ball was stopped, but in the scrimmage “87 B,”
in a deliberate way. kioked jt full and a re,
and it rolled straight between the posts. For

won the next goal, he and Goo chasing with

the ball for three full strokes, and the latter
riding off Agassiz.

Myopia made desperate efforts tn the next
period, but every play was offeet by the clever-
Son of Dedham. Forbes caught the st
f . Then Shaw, by a olever groke ua er

{s pony, scored the seoond for ropia
Holiges, who had been a pillar of strength
f r team in every emergen = who
nay his position perfectly, caught the third
and last goal of the period.
Dedham, 4; Myopia, 8.

To start the third period Dedham’s ruah
for goal was splendidly turned by Holmes.
Dedham regained the ball and (Cranen early
scored. slipping from. the anode in a dasper-
ate attempt to turn the bi as it went off

wrong angle out of bounds. Leter Rice
fd the ball to himself but, to sacrifice for
he team work, he passed it, when Goodwin
slipped tn and carried it along. Then, when
Agassiz rode Goodwin off, Forbes scored the
goal. The next goal was scored by another
vietous kick from “87 B.,” but it counted for
Weld, who had brought up the ball.

Now came the longest period ever played
fn a champlonship match without a change
of ponies, 10 minutes and 20 seconds. The
pectacular feature was Shaw's gallop the
enath of the field for four strokes, the ball
Juett missing the posts. Finally, with men
and ponies tired, Forbes made the count,
Myopia has the reputation of always making
a lot of goals in the last period. but Dedham
by wood plav and good generalshin upset
the tradition yesterday. The score follows:

FIRST PERIOD,

@ acore stood:

  

Time.
Goals. Name and Clubd. Min. See.
1..... Rice. Myopla aes 2 10
8..... Weld, Dedham . ‘s I 5
8..... “Pony'' and Forbes, Dedham. 5 an

37

4....,. Forbes, Decham sabtesges ©
Twenty-two seconds over

Dedham, '; Myopia, |.
time.

SECOND PERIOD,
1...... Forbes, Dedham...
oe Shaw, Myopla se
i Holmes, Myopia — 4 41
Yedham, 1: Myopla, 2. Thirty seconds over time.
THIRD PERIOD,

-8 24
8 30

 

 

1... Forbes, Dedham pecesensonests & 26
2...6.."Pong’ and Wild, Dedham........ 1 43
Sa sias Forbes, Dedham. 10 20

Dedham, 3; Myopla, 0. Thirty seconds mo goab
POURTH PERIOD.

   

1.....-Rhoe, Myoma......ecereceeeeeere aoe fk 30
Beer Crane, AID... 20 ees sense oe 18
see. Weld, DedBam. . ..00.++ re 30
4..... Agassiz, Myopla......s+. ° ems 36
6 1 Soe M rorse ities tetas 3 a”
De m, 2; Myopla, 3. Sixteen seconds, no goal.
Total—Dedham, 9; Myopta, 6.

To-day's match will be the final for the junior
champbonship. between Philadelphia and Rock-
away.

More Americans for the Parts Games.

The University of Michigan athletic team,
in charge of I'rainer Keene Fitzpatrick, sailed
yesterday on the Batavia, With the exoep-
tion of one or two individual competitors this
completes the Amerioan consignment of ath-
letes to the International games. The men
will go direot to Paris and will not compete
in the Enelteh champtonships, Before sail-
ing Fitwpatrick was particularly jubilant over
the chances of Charles Dvyorack, the pole
vaulter, who won the Western interoollegi-
ate ohamplonship with a vault of if feet 6
aches, “That helghth does not represent

{s limit,” said the trainer, “He has several
times cleared 12 feet in practice, which is better
than the world's record, and I consider him
a sure winner at Paris.” The other members
of the team are J. F, MeLean, hurdler; ©. M,
Lieblee, sprinter, and Howard Hayes, middle
distanoe runner.

Capt. Charlies H. Sherrill Fenper day made
the offluial entry of the New York A, C, team
vith A. G. Spalding, the director of sports
‘or the Exposition. It Included the names
of H. P. Smith and G. C, Wood, whe did not
gail with the team on Saturday. Bott are
oing over on their own acoount and w i pay
Siew own expenses. Smith is the Yale runner
who competed in the one-mile run at the
‘Varsity international games last summer,
He will compete in the 900-meters at Puris,
Capt. Sherrill will sail on Thursday or Satur-
day and hopes to arrive in time to direct the
efforts of his men in the English champion-
shipa on July 7. James FB. Sullivan, Secretary
of the A. A. U., and Bartow 8. Weeks of the
New York A. C, will sail to-day on the St. Paul
to be present at both the English and French
meet ings.

Herreshoff's Latest Design for Speed Expert-
meats.

BristoL, RI, June 26.—Yachtsmen in thie
vicinity are intensely interested ina new craft
which has been put overboard at the Herreshoff
yards and jn which “Nat” Herreshoff takes
spins about the bay almost dally. The boat
is only twelve fret long, has its mast stepp d
close to the stern, and resembles a skimming

dish more than anything else. Nat is evi-
ently experimenting with the freak boat
and cuts circles around some large crntt

when helasa mind to No one except her
ownor knows what qualitins the craft possesses
in windward work, but with sheets Iiited
ad down the wind she moves very fast. From
the fact that Nal always w rks out big ideas on
emal! bovts, such aa the Dilemma and other
trial oraft, {tis judged that he has had this one
built with a yiew to further necessities in the
way of speed for the next defence of the

America’s Cup fies Med
Prior to the building of the Columbia tt was
said in several quarters that the gmneral design

of the Gardner Cartoon was faster than that o
the last cur defender, and it has been n wd
that the contour of the new skimming dish is
hearer to the Cartoon than to the Columbia

 

Moore Knocks Lester Out,

Troy, June 26--Billy Moore of Syracuse
knocked “Whitey” Lester of Ph{ladelphia out

to-nichtatthe Manhattan A.C. Theb ’
scheduled to go twenty rounds, at 136 pov nd:

but moore, Rnlehed opponent in the ninth
und. Moore refused eigh
ide wal overili® Ceca RUN

  
 

news OF THE WHESLEEN.

Complete Map ef the State's Sidepaths te Be
Issued by the L. A. W.

It was decided when the Executive Committee
of the 1. A.W. of this State met yesterday after-
noon to do something that has long needed at-
tention, There are hundreds of miles of bicy-
cle sidepaths on Long Island alone. Up State
there are more hundreds of miles, the aggregate
ruoning into the thousands, These paths are
of the greatest importance to riders who tour
aud this class of wheelmen is growing appre-
ciably larger every month. It makes all the
difference in the world whether or not there are
five or fifty miles of sidepath in a county, but
hitherto there bas been no way of finding out
about them except by writing, or by meeting
some one who had “ been there.” The L. A. W.
Yesterday took a step that recognized the side-
Paths of the different counties in the State as
something greater than “a local issue.” It was
voted by the committee to issue and send to
members only a map showing all the sidepaths
in the Btate, not onty those completed, but
those in the course of construction, with key-
notes telling when the projected paths will be
oompleted. Chief Consul Milo M. Belding pre-
sided at the meeting, and other members present
were Messrs. While, Clark, Meserole, Pennell,
Hill and Obermayer, Another matter of gen-
eral interest discussed was the revival of the
weekly road reports, but on this nothing was
devided. When the question of the inssuance

 

of the sidepath mi Wi , one member i
indorst mo oneal “Rich @ map wou
be worth $6 to usands of wheelmen in the

state. Let uA @et it up and send ine our meme
trea. If I gould not get it by being a mem-

of the anges would give $10 for one and I
would be sure of saving money at that, on ao-
pt of shorter outa and smaller hotel bills.”
ithout rising another committeaman re-
party JPoatoally. “Now will you join the

“Little children of the rich ong of the poor
de bicycles now, and their little apines and
ends and legs are just as much worthy of con-
eideration by municipal roadmakers and local
gorperations as #8 those of their parents, their
rothers, grandfathers, sisters and cousins and
unte.” That was the way the veteran, Will R.
tman, who is nothing if not picturesque, be-
ga a complaint fe @ reporter Of THE SUN yes-
erday. Continuing he said: “There were &
children under 18 years old who
Went to Mavhattan Beaoh last Saturday.
yhen they turned from Neptune avenue to cross
the bridge and railroad tracks they had to oo

great man

mount and w as I, an old fellow, did, an
e racing men bad to get off also—don’t forget
t. It was mighty poor walking, too.

reason they walked was because a meas 0!
cinders oovered the road. I think attention
should be called to this becanse there are many
thousands of cyclists who go to Manhattan
Beach. In one season that I know of, one
ummer of about three months, mind you,
there were by official count9.000 bicycles checked
ach Hotel, and this ts to
One
ap-

at the Manhattan
say nothing of the buainess at the track.
would think that there would be a cood
proach considering th» volime of traffic.”
There is a need {11 ine widening by 8 few
feet of Bedford avenue where it meets Eastern
Parkway. At this point the Sunday travel
of bicyclists and carriage drivere meet to pasa.
edford avenue is more narrow there than it
+ below and there is a great congestion. The
dificulty is best Ulustrated toward evening
on 4 Sunday when the New York and Brooklyp
crowd turns homeward. Coming out eg 1
go slowly because of the hill they have to climb
on Bedtord avenue up to Eastern Parkway.
Returning they all come along at @ brisk clip,
oyolists from the path mingling with horse-
men from the road, and turuing into Bedford
avenue they find it dificult to make the turn
without running into the onrb or crowding sonie-
ope on their left. Many a cyclist has pitched
b lf headlong over the gutter-stone on the
easterly side to save himself being trampled
by a horse and not a few harses have climbed
the ourb on the sidewalk. When the new
epoedway is ned and the driving crowd
from New Yo has greatly tucreased, this
corner will be more dangerous. If Bedford
avenue could be widened a i feet the
easterly side, which is not built up and but
little us by pedestrians, tt would be anim-
provement that would he like “a stitch in time.”

Eddie Bald paid his way at the gate to see a
cycle meet in his nattve town of Buffalo. It
was the first time in ten years that he has paid
at the gate. He bas hitherto always b ten-
dered the courtesies due a champion t he
1s no longer considered as such. Thle ts not
a joke. ld intends to ride at Buffalo in bis
first race of the season.

 

W. is making arrangements by

The L. A.
which the wheels of members oan be insured
against theft.

 

TARRYTOWN, June 26. Stanley Hawks, 10
years old, and Everett Hawks, 38 years old,
started irom Rockwood Hall, this place, on
June 1s to rideon their, wheels to Rochester,
Ohlo. Their tather, B.M. Hawks, who is su-
periatendent for William Rockefeller, received
word to-day thut they arrived at their destina-
tion on last Saturday night, making the dis-
tance of 709 miles in six days. ‘They are school
boys and had not traine: forthe ride. They

| were handicapped by dusty roads and heavy

also beciuse they never had been
The itinerary of their

winds, aid
over the gyre before.
trip is as follows:

Monday, June 18, Tarrytown to Albany, 127
miles; Tuesday, Albany to Kirkland, 111° miles;
Wednesday, Kirkland to Lyons, #6 miles; Thuraday,
Lyonssto Buffalo, 114 miles; Friday, Buffelo to Palr-
view, 111 miles; Saturday, Fairview to Rochester
146 miles.

They rode on an average of ten hoursa day.
Between Buifalo and Fairview they made aix
miles in fifteen m nutes. j hey arrived suleand
etrong, and the trip cost them $20.

Fowler and Kimball School Athletes in Dual
Games.

The first annual dual games between the ath-
letes of the Fowler and Kimball schools were
held at Union Park, Westchester, yesterday
morning. Fowler carried off the honors by
sooring 69 points, An interesting feature was
the bowling contest between eight-men teams
from each sehool, which was won by Kimball
boys after three hard-!ought games, It was the
first time that bowling has been introduced in
scholastic sport. The athletic events wer:
evenly contested and furnished plenty of sport
for tlrose present. Summary

100 Yard Dash--Won by A. Spehere, Fowler; F.
Kutz, Powler, seoond: A. Marks, Kimball, third: ©,
O'Hrien, Fowler, fourth. ‘Time, 11 seconds.

2) Yard Run—Won by B. Allen Fnbe ; F. Of-
ferman, Fowler, second; A. Mark’, Kimball, tBtrd;
Cc, Allen, Kimball, fourth. Time, 25 4-6 seconds.

4a Yard Run- Won by A. Spebere, Fowler;
O'Hrien, Fowler, second; C. Holland, Kimball, third;
W Mitchell, Fowler, fourth. Time, 593.5 seconds.

650-Yard Jiun-Won by F. Carson, Kimball; D.

Arimstead, Fowler, second; F. Fisher, Kimball, wird:
C, Schofield, Fowler, fourth Time, 2 minutes 54
seconds.

Onc- Mile Run—Won by #. Ingersol, Fowler; J.
Wolff, Fowler, second: K Furnald, Kimball, third;
8. Plum, Kimball, fourth. Time, 5 minutes 6
Running High Jump—Won by HM

unning gh .Jump—Won by artin, Fowler;
Sig. Auron, Kimbal, second, F, Apple, Fowles third;
‘ Laushion. imball, fourth. eight, S feet 3
nehes

Running Broad Jump—Won by H. Martin, Fowler;
S. Frank, Fowler, second; 0. Schoolman, Fowler,
third; C. Laughton, Kimball, fourth. Distance, 14
sg a nente ‘op enea-W

utting & ‘oun ot—Won by D. Arm
Powler; § Afferman, 12° second: %. Plum nt:
all third; A. Boyesen, Kimball, fourth. Distance,

5 feet

One-Mile Relay Race-Won by Spehere, F.

Katz. C, Sehofield and H. Ingersol, Fowler 5 ;

Te, cee Ce 5 seconds sem lvesnans
ne ¢ Bleycle Race—Won by J. Kann, Ki :

P. Stimpson, it mball, second; Thompson mapa

bat jtulrds” Mt. JwWls Viuball, fourth. ‘Time, 3
lutes

The bowli: ¢ contest resulted as follows:
FIRST GAMR.,

Kimball—Shannon, 08; Freedman, 111; Hasett, 106;
Vaylor, 00; Keyser, 160; Brown, 105; Eylett, 109;

AGS, 60. noha G86
owler—Goodle, 15); Simpson, 108; Ackerman
119; Young, 87; Sheppard, 145; ‘Pink, 105; Klaus,
106; Brunuer, 74, Total, 870

SKCOND GAMB.

Kimball--Shannon, 100; Freedman, 440; Hasett,
119, Taylor, 82; Keyser, 110; Brown, 120; Fyiett,
110; Adam, 100. Total, 472.

Fowler—Goodle, 175; Simpson, 130; Ackarman,
98; Young, 54: Sheppard, 172; Pink, 130; Klaus,
124; Brunner, 00. Total, 1,017,

THIRD GAME

Kimball~Shannon, 126; Freedman, 120; Hasett
110; Taylor, 100; Keyser, 190; Brown, 00: Eylett
168: Adam, 199, Total, 043,

Fowler—Go die 100: Simpson. 125; Ackerman
105; Yo ;

in@. 140; Sheppard, 150; Pink, 125; Kia
110; Brunner, 88. Tota, 943. saa

Joe Flaherty Knocked Out by Fenton,

NEw LONDON, June 26 —Nearly 1,000 specta-
tors witnessed the boxing exhibition Ag the New
London Opera House this evening. The star
bout was between Patsy Fenton of Norwich
and Joe Flaherty of Lowell, echeduled for
twenty rounds. Flah rty wa: knocked ont in
the thirteenth round, Both men star ted
in wilh @ rush and there was so much
fouling on the part of both Loxers What Ref. ree
Galfney attheend of the fourth deolared the
bout off acd said there vas no contest. The
crowd would not nave this decision and {t was
Livaily decided to continue the felt. Fenton
had the beter of it all the wor and howed
hitusell superior in seience. Martin Flaherty
who was in his brother's corner, got into an al-
terea‘ion with one of the spectators and a free
rough-and-tumble tlaht was in progress when
rounds was fought Dy lotal sels Ty oF Sy

oolo
went the itmit.

a

   
  

TYPE sALe

MINION,
NONPAREIL,
AGATE. w&

New Type, once inked and proved
but never printed from.

2 (0 Cents a

Pound.

Delivered standing in any desired
and all extra sorts
at the same price.

All of this is of the first quality, as
ad ta len ale tran ons
foundry In the United States.

Address, Box 100,
Sun Office.

 

Wanted—fFemales.
ORD PL PP PL EPL LPL PLD PPL PP DDL LEP
XPERIENCED FANCY FEATHER PASTERS
4 wanted. 56 East Sth st.
JANCY FEATHERS— Wanted ¢ fancy f
hands, bird mounters, pasters and learnérs.
UCKER & JOSEPHY, 715 719 Broadwap,

ANTED—Girl for general hou t, a
\ once Ip person, AOSELL" BrIRY, aS

 

3
by the-Sea, L. I., near R. R station.

 

A.-A.-A.

    
 

. 3 °
RS. L. SEELY,
FOREIGN AND DOMBSTIO
MALE AND FEMALE
EMPLOYMENT BUREAD.
ALL RBFBRENCES
STRICTLY yee earee
Servants breaking engsqements will =
missed from office and forfett all daime to fee

Brooklyn OMce, 34 Nevine @t.

CBMAMBERMAIDS, cooks, laundresses, waitresses,

French and German ladies’ maids, nurees, cooks
who wash and iron, laundresses who do ehamberwork;
butlers, second and third men, servante in all oapac-
lies wanted immediately. Mra L. SEELY, 19
Eaat 32d si. Servants’ entrance, basement door. Tele-
pone mall, 1085 Madison Sq.; Brooklyn office, 34
evins

YOMPETENT COOK AND LAUNDRESS: wages,
$148; fore family living one hour from New York!

references required,
Mrs. L. SHELY, 19 Fast 324 at.

(COMPETENT “COOK; wages, $40; clty references,
M, T., box 567 Sun uptown 08, 1265 Broa
way. oc il eA lee
MPETENT OOOK; wages, $25; refereno's re
a quired, A D., box 562 Sun uptown office, 1268
r way.

\OMPETENT LAUNDRESS forafamily In New
/ London, tw assist with chamberwork; references,
Mrs. L. SEELY, 19 East 32d st
YOMPETENT WAITRESS; wages, $20; good ref-
/ erences. H. 0, B., Dox 564 Sun uptown offies,
1265 Broadway.

}IRST-CLASS LAUYDRESSG; wagers, $25; to go to
Bernardsville, N. J, myat hive best references.
Mrs. ‘L. SEELY, 10 East 324 st.
IRST-CLASS COOK: Swedish; wages, $50; refer-
enoes. L. G., box 556 Sun uptown office, 1265
Broadwry.

PRst-ciass WAITRESS; understands serving
wines, making salad dressing, &c.; best of refer.
ences 1, W., box 568 Sun upiown office, 1265

Bro: dway.

TARST CLASS WAITRESS fora family in Oyater
Bay, L. 1; must have first clasa references
“Mrs, L. SEELY, 19 Bast $24 ot

Gree AN COOK; understands her work thorou;
FB good references . T., box 662 Sun wy
oMes, 1205 Broadway.
ey
AUNDRESS willing todo chamberwork; wages,
$20; references required.
: Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 824 ot.
AUNDRESS;: '0 £0 to New London, Conn ; w
4 $22; three in .amily: best references required.
Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 32d ot
I AUNDRESS; wages, $25, clty or country; good
4 referenoes M. MeG@,, box 568 Sun uptown of-
fice, 1265 Broadway.

Wanted—Rales. js

nan

PoOOKSINDERS ~ Bapertenced 'ipper and paster;
must bestroug, J. TAPLEY, 38 Bleecker at

Brass MOULDERS POLISHEHS, FITTERS,

CHASER 3 wanted; steady wor
JNO, WILLIAMS, 556 West 27th st

 

FE BRASS WIRE DRAWERS AND CLEAN-
ers wanted. Apply,
LASTWOUD wikt MFG. CO., Belleville, N, J.

PARER BOXES—Capable foreman tor plant in
New York city: State salary and refe ences, Ad-

dress MANUFACTURE? box 135 6 an oMee,
p* IP RIETOR OF POPULAR SUMMER RFSORT
IN CATSKLLLS WANTS TO ENGAGE A MAN.

AGER OF SPORTING EVENTS: ONE CAPANLE
OF ARRANGING SPARKING Ee CON-

  
 

 

 

CERTS, LIGHT VAUDEVILLE RTAIN-
MENT. TC.; MUST FURNISH REFERENCES,
ADDR BOX 172, CATSKILL. N.Y.

QM ART BOY wanteiin oMec: wages, $3.50; state
references and experience. RULAND, 111 Sun
office,

W ANTED—Boys to work in bindery at McClure’s

Magazine, 141 EB. cSth st,

EE _ 2
Situations Wanted—Females.

STENOGRAPHER of ability and experfenoe
4% seeks engagement; has received @ thorough!
good education (eraduate from English college) an
capable of doing first class work: expertenerd {n com-
mercial and ilicrary work. Address EARNEST, box
120 Sun offtce
7OUNG GIR1.; understands dressmaking; as seam-

stress and ligt chamber work; answer by

mail J. 1, 1098 Madisonay., N.Y.

Situations Wanted— Males,
VALDT, FOOTMAN, PANTRY BOY, HALL

Young man (21),wh> has been employed in good
familles in Ireland tn the above capaciites 18 de-
Sirous of securing # situation in @ private family; can
wait on table and make himself generally useffl; ex-
cellent testimonials as to ability, honesty and so
briety. Address PATRICK RICE, 100 Clay et,
Greenpoint, Brooklyn.

AYOUNG IRISHMAN, who Is slightly lame, would

like a position at some Mgt t work. Cleaning up,
watchman, orattending outside goods on show: very
V4 UF food references; salary small Address
ANSIOUS, box 205 Sun office

QALESMAN Position as traveliing salesman for
\ retlable house, or shipping clerk; teu years’
pertence among business people of anthracite
Tegton; also F erienced in shipping of goods; have

reference. Address,
M. H. R., box 162 Sun ofes,

Business Chances,
IRIN TING —10,000 clreulace, $1.25; cardsand pan.
eads, 4c. per 1,000: printed envelopes, $1.25
yer 1,000, BIGAK PRINTING nD STA-
‘IONERY CO... 50 West 30th st
ATPENTS )“, DRUGGISTS Handsome store oa
usy thoroughfare abowe Harlem River: ted
floor, eivctric Nehts, mewl celiing, fine neighborhood;
to rent, $75 monthly; this ts 9 great chance
McDONALD & WIGGINS, 140 Nassau.
or JEWEI RY ESTABLISHMENT; lo-
$25,000 cated a short distance from New York
euy, on the principal thoroughfare; oniatliabes
twenty years: Owner wishes to retire; will by
inventory; value, about $25,000; this place the
first class trade of the elty: investigate this; {t's an
ubusual chance. For further porticulars call or address
McDONALD & WIGGINS, 140 Nassa’t.

 

 

217 QvUiICh LUNCH ROOM; this ety;
$15,000 Cost $30,000; most handsomely fit X
place in New York; loeated on the best busines@
street; rughtand cay piace; look this up, it's a great
bargain, sell on easy termes Apply to
MeDONALD& widdins. 140 Nassaw

810,001 ) RESTAURANT: ola emtapished; lo

cation downtown, New York etty;

dyla® splendid business the year around; reasons of

ering. going out of business: Investigate this restau-

Tank. Pareulars aomy

MeD NALD & WIGGINS, 140 Nassau.

zm CAPII AL WANTED—One third inter-

31,004 est patented shoe fastener; money

needed to push the article. Apply atour offer.
McDONALD & WIGGINS, 149 Naseas.

eee =a PUSS NRSSSSRDEREEONEGEIPED

K p SALOON; location, Hudson st, New
$1,500 York elty: old-eatabl shed: worn
$55 to $40 dally; reasons of selling, going tn
business. Pull pardculars. apply al

[CDONALD & WIGGINS, 140 Naegeaa.

‘ Saal
250

 

 

 
 

SHARUS OF CAPITAL STOCK for sale at

$100 per share; old-esta biished remedy com-
Dany, loewtion, Vermont: hivhest of references;
the strletestcf investigation allowed Full partculars.

McDONALD & WIGGINS, 140 Nassau,
HOTEL: location, Sia av adem, New

a6
§,300¢ York city: old s'ablighed @ sipts, $50
daily: reasons of selling. has manulsrturi. g business
to attend, long ivase: low rent Apidy
MeDONALD & WIGGINS, 149 Nassau

 

Q] O(()-REAL ESTATE BUSINESS: a4 av,
8] 200 Hronx, * ew York elty: old established}

rennin of EDOWALD & WIGGTNG, 128 Wea