WEATHER FORECAST. :
Fair and slightly warmer to-day; fair
and cooler to-morrow; moderate winds.

Highest temperature yesterd ;
s Deeatied ‘qunthen reperis z \ih) Serer 4

———

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 10.

ooo

 

 

ALLIES PINCH

 

 

4444

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER. 10,

 

 

caveeanantb ae om emnes - oa

DEEPER INTO

PO RR TI
RE Cer

1918.— Copyright, 1918, by the Sun

 

PROPEL PS:

 

 

per Ne t2 a

LOTT

®

 

 

Printing and Publishing Association,

oo

 

ote ea ee
— ee

 

 

HINDENBURG LINE;

ENEMY BRINGS UP MANY REENFORCEMENTS;

AMERICANS ADVANCE IN FACE OF HEAVY FIRE

 

DRAFT RULES

ARE ELASTIC TO
FIT EVERY CASE

New Regulations Issued by|
Crowder Provide Wide |
Range of Choice. |

 

TO PROTECT INDUSTRIES |

 

Employers May Get Exemption
for Employees Who Do
Not Seek It.

 

‘ ‘

Special Despatch to Tue Sux.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—The new rules
under which the selective process will be
applied to the 18,000,000 men expected
'o vegister next Thursdey were ifssuc¢ |
to-day by Provost Marshal General |
Crowder, |

These rules, approved by the Presi- |
Cut, greatly extend the scope within
which the draft boards may exercise
t.elr discretion as to the men who shal!
he selected for the armies and those
whose industry is deemed essential to
the nation’s welfare. They fit in with
rhe list of essential industries issued
yesterday by the War Industries Board,
though the fact is emphasized qhat full
authority remains in ths hands of the
district boards,

It is possible, though not probable, | Pye]

that district boards may upon occasion
rot follow the guidance of the War In-
custries list and may extend or restrict
the list.

To aid - egistrants in making their own
classificacion printed leaflets will be in-

serted in the questionnaires giving in-/ RATE

etructions on how they shall claim de-
ferred classification on the new occupa-
tlonal grounds. otal
Copies Are Belang Mailed.
Copies of these revised regulations,
with the leaflets, are being mailed to lo-
cal and dirtrict boards throughout the
country. Not only is the status of the
(strict boards clearly set forth in the
w regulations but the assistance which
‘overnment advisers will render to the
“strict boards is also outlined clearly.
An important feature is the fact that

       
       
       
     
       
   
       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     

 
 

Crown Prince Assailed;
Dictatorship Demanded

WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—
From the two extremes of
German | y lines, the Socialists
and the Pan-Germans, the Crown
Prince is being attacked for his
recent interview denying respon-
sibility for the war. :
An official despatch to-day
from France says the Socialist
paper Chimlitz Volstimme de-
clares that if the Government
premediates a peace offensive
the Crown Prince must not be
named as one of its spokesmen,
as “his bellicose past, his noto-
rious attacks, his untimely mani-
festations at the Reichstag and
elsewhere are in complete con-
tradiction with the way of speak-
ing he now wishes to adopt.”

Another Socialist paper, the
Arbeiter Zeitung of Essen, ironi-
cally recalls the Crown Prince’s
speech to a regiment at Langthur
in which he said: ‘‘The happiest
day in my life will be the day
when the war breaks out.”

On the other hand the Pan-
German Deutsche Zeitung now
demands a dictatorship which
will get together all those who
abi a clear perception of thair
uty.

 

|
|

|

 

GARFIELD TOCUT
GASOLENE PRICE

Administrator’ Awaits
Further Reports Before
Taking Action.

YS NOT DISCLOSED

 

U. 8. Senate Asks Administra-
tion to Furnish Data on
Ofl Situation.

 

 

 

? WasuIncton, Sept. 9.—Fuel Adminis-
trator Garfield announced to-day that
he expected soon to fix a price for gaso-
lene for domestic consumers as well as
the Government and thé allies at a

inanagers and heads of industries may | qe... lower than the present market

tle claims with the Government advisers

price. He is awaiting further reports

for deferred classification of registrants/ —. tne situation before taking definite

regarded as necessary to Bicnosives
even though the registratity themselves
\ave failed to claim deferred classifica-
tion or have waived their claims.

“It shall be the duty of such advisers,

action. No intimation was made as to
what the fixed price will be.

Dr. Garfield's announcement disclosed
that for some time consideration had
been given the problem of bringing the

the new regulations say, “to confer wit price of gasolene to a lower level.)
the managers and heads of the various Several reports already have been made
miustries and those familiar with the) +. atark L. Requa, director of the oil

‘seeds in occupations and employments, | qivision of the Fuel Administration, and

\celuding agriculture, and instruct ‘such
ereons as to their right under the regu-

it was intimated that upon completion
of the investigation now being conducted

ations to file a claim for deferred classl-| immediate action would be taken.

neation fh respect to any registrant who

The disclosure of Dr. Garfield's pur-

as failed or refused to file a claim for | pose came during an informal talk with
Ovlevred classification in his own behalf! newspaper correspondents in which the

d who has waived his right for de-
erred classification.” (

“District boards,” the statement says,
“are charged with the duty of selecting
the individuals whose engagement in
industry, including agriculture, or whose
occupations or employments are such as
to require thelr continued service in
civil life rather than in the army.

Individual Advisers.

“In order to provide for the necessary
adjustments between the necessities of
the military establishment and the re-
quirements of the industries, occupa-

stocks of gasolene in the country, ana |
the reported shortage east of the Missis-
sipp! River, which caused the Adminis-
tration to request that no passenger au-
tomobiles be operated on Sundays in
that section, were discussed.

Dr. Garfield would not discuss reports
that the request was besed on tnforma-
tion furnished the Administration by the
oll industry for the alleged purpose of
maintaining the present price of gaso-
lene in the face of a reported large sup-
ply ta the country.

The Senate Wisplayed its interest to-
day in the motorless Sunday request by

 

ony and employments, including agri- adopting a resolution offered by Senator
ulture, found to be necessary to the|) ae, (MMass.) asking the Administra-
iaintenance of the military establish- tion for information as to the country’s
nent, the effective operation of the mili- production, consumption and exportation

‘ary forces and the maintenance of the
national interests during the emergency,
‘here shall be appointed by each district
coard three persons to be known as
\dustrial advisers to the district board.

“One such person for each district
board shall be nominated by the Depart- |
ment of Labor, one by the Department
of Agriculture and one by each district

of gasolene, with separate figures on the
amount used by passegger cars,

 

INTRIGUE EXILES

board, who shall thereupon be appointed] Geryman Notables Are In-

y the respective district boards.
“Whenever in the discretion of the
President more than three such indus-
trial advisers are required by a district
voard the President may call upon the
Department of Labor or the Department
of Agriculture or the diatefét board to
ominate such additional @4@ustrial ad-
visers, who ehall thereupon be appointed
by such district board.

Will Not Be Board Members.

“Such industrial adviders so appointed
by each district board shall not In any
sense be members of such district board,

all have no right to vote at any

ieetings thereof, and shall have and
exercise only the rights, duties, powers
and functions herein specifically given.

“Such advisers shall have the right to
furnish all pertinent information to the
district board and may attend meetings
of the board upon request of the board
‘o which they are attached,

“Such advisers may place bate the
district board at its meetin or at
such other %ime as the board may re-
quest, all facts and information in their
possession as to the preference lists is-
sued by the priorities division of the
War Industries Board. Such liste shall
uot be regarded as binding the dis-
trict board in ite conclusions as. to
whether or not any particular ind .

occupation or employment, incl
agriculture, te @ industry, oc-
cupation or @¢ t within the

ineaning of the jaw or the regulations, | from southern Germany to a special

   

 

volved in the Scandal.

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Svs.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved,
Paris, Sept. 9.—One of the most sen-
sational of all the political and social
scandals which Herlin has witnessed
this year concerns the Countess Fishler
von Freuberg, daughter of a prominent
financier. Her apartments were re-
cently raided by the police, who seized
many important papers.

The German newspapers say the
Countess was visited bv a select group
of members of the diplomatic service,
Government agents, journalists and even
princes. A search of her apartment re-
vealed sufficient evidence to warrant
sending her to a small village on the
frontier of eastern Prussia,

The Berlin press exhibits signs of
marked discretion in dealing with the
pcandal, ‘it one paper says the Coun-
tess’s parivr was the rendezvous of all
sorts of pacifists and defeatists, An-
other paper says these academic “dis-
cussions had another purpose, being
only a disguise for thelr true meaning,
the nature of wifich the public does not
yet know.

The
inquiry

 

BERLIN =
|
|

most sensational feature of the
concerns viait of a prince

oni aro ae <a t of the Countess in the Hote!
Continued on Second i Briel, in Un y Sen Ldngen. : :
4 pg ste . Ais SAAS ak ah os ‘ty
* Pe nad ais fF 94 ay bE) Fey

YANK’SBRAVERY
IN VESLE FIGHT
TOLDBY CAPTIVE

Lieut. Turner's Ruse at Fis-
mette Saved His Badly
Battered Platoon.

REMAINED TO FIRE GUNS

“Surrender, Hell!” He Said,
“We'll Fight It Out,” and His
Men Stood by Him.

 

By RAYMOND G, CARROLL.
Special! Cable Despatch to Tae Scx and the
Public ledger.

Copyright, 1918; «'! rights reserved.

Witu THE AMERICAN ARMY LN FRANCE,
Sept. 9.—Lieut. Horst Lutz is an

fundersized young German who was

captured by our troops last Thursday,
aiong with another German officer and
sixty German soldiers at the little
French village of Muscourt, nestling
in a ravine which drops down from
the Soissons Plateau to the ‘valley of
the Aisne,

Prodded by the officers of our in-
telligence departmént Lutz revealed,
first, that he had led one of the en-
emy companies which made a fierce
attack on Fiemette August 27, and
second, that there was an American
officer !n this particular encounter
who showed bravery and resourceful-
ness equal to that displayed by Leon-
idas at Thermopyle. eg

He is Lieut. Benjamin E. Turner of
Chicago, whose wife is now in Pacific
Grove, Cal., and whoge mother lives at
106 Northern avenue, New York city.

le is a modest ex-sergeant of the
army, having received his commission
lesr than a month ago. He was as-

signed to duty north of Chateau
Thierry.

Mystertous Order to Surrender.
On August 27 there were just six

American officers and 180 soldiers in the
form of a crescent around Fismette
when at 4:35 o'clock the fury of a con-
centrated enemy barrage fell without
previous warning upon these defenders.
There were exploding shell of shfapnel
and gas and the spray of machine gun
bullets, while airplanes overhead dropped
their torpedoes and occasionally swooped
down to let go a murderous machine gun
fire against the Americans. Then came
the rush of enemy infantry. Here I will
quote from the official report of the
fight:

“During the attack by the enemy some
one in an American uniform ran among
our troops shouting that further resist-
ance was useless and that one of our
officers advised everybody to surrender.
Of our troops engaged two officers and
about thirty men retreated, fighting and
firing, and finally reached the northern
bank of the river.”

The soldier who spread the report is
believed to have been a German in an
American uniform. The day before the
attack a German spy named Max Kauv,
of the 463d German Infantry, was seen
and mortally wounded far inside our
lines. He was formerly a resident of the
United States. Now it ts regarded as
altogether probable that the man who
shouted “Surrender” was another Ger-
man spy who came over the lines with
Kauy.

“We'll Fight It Out,” Says Turner.

“Surrender, hell! I should say not!"
shouted Lieut. Turner to his men, who
held the extreme right of the crescent.
“We will fight it out,” he added,

This was in the dim light of early
day, and amid the smoke of bursting
shells. Again and again the enemy was
driven off. Along about 8 o'clock Turner,
finding himself and his men at the peak
of a salient and almost surrounded, be-
gan to drop back, fighting from house to
house, toward the river. At last, near 9
o'clock, they reached a dismantled dwell-
ing leas than 300 feet from the shat-

     
 
 

}

ie

 

 

Germany Regrets U-Boat
Losses Are Increasing

 

AMSTERDAM, Sept. 9.—A
semi-official Germa Ad-
miralty despatch, commertting on

the British Admiralty’s published
list of 150 U-boat commanders
whose vessels had been disposed
of, says that there are some in-
accuracies regarding the rank of
the ‘officers, which does not allow
conclusions to be drawn of the
number of U-boats lost, and
continues:

“The German people know too
well of the heavy fight which is
necessitated of our U-boat crews,
and that sacrifices have to be
made by them in increasing num-
bers. We regret the loss of the
U-boats, but it can be under-
stood by all experts in view of the.
growing counter measures and
the greater number of U-boats
sent, out against the enemy.
Serious reflections would only be
justified if the construction of
U-boats did not surpass the num-
ber destroyed.”

 

 

 

ADMITS JUSTICE

OF ALLIED AIMS'

Striking Article
Paper Shows Waning Grip
of Militarism.

 

WHOLE FUTURE AT STAKE | 3

 

Intellectual Classes Begin to
Realize Shallowness of Al-
leged War Motives.

 

Specta!l Cable Despatch to Tuw Scx from the
London Times. Service,
Copyright, 1918; aft rights reserved.

AmsTERDAM, Sept. 9.—"The Power of

 

'

|THE AILETTE AND THE AISNE, Sept. 9.—/ shal Foch's successful return blow, made | shortening the battle front.

1

GERMANS TURN

ON ALLIES WITH
FRESH TROOPS

Mass Guns to Check Ameri-
ean and French Forces at
St. Gobain Forest.

——- _—--_—_

ND ON MARCH 21 LINE

 

Yankees Drive Forward on
Glennes - Vieil Arcy Line
Against Stiff Defence.

 

/

AMERICAN HeapQuaRTERS BETWEEN

The French and American troops evi-
dently have reached a line beyond

| which the enemy considers they can

|
|

in Berlin | jyres,

 

the Word” is the title of a leading ar- |

ticle in Sunday's Berlin
Zeitung. The article goes on ‘to say
that contempt of the word came to Ger-
many after 1870, with contempt of the
spirit. The writer concludes:

“To find the word again means for
us to win the war, and not to find it
means, however peace results,

be allow@d to advance with safety
to his defences, and he has thrown
himself against this new line with
an energy which discloses the arrival
of fresh troops.

They are also beginning to reveal)

an abundance of artillery of all cal-
which has been concentrated on
this chief danger spot in his line—
the outer defences of the St. Gobain
massif.

 

By the Associated Prese
With THE AMERICAN ARMY ON THE
the face of the stiffest machine gun
fire since the Americans crossed the
Vesle in force American infantrymen

to-day advanced at certain points on,

a curved line extending from Glennes
to Vieil Arcy (a front of five miles).
The advance was preceded by a heavy

| artillery bombardment, which contin-

ued all Sunday night.

Yankees Advance

From the plateau the Ainericans took
up positions in the ravines, which drain

(nutionsly.

Vossische| northward, but the udvance was neces-
| sarily cautious, owing to the command-

ing position of La Petite Montagne,
which {s the highest point in that re-
gion. The French and American artil-
lery bombarded this mountain, where
the Germane had built strong emplac®

to lose | ments for heavy machine guns, and also

the war and to lose Germany's whole | kept up a continuous fire upon all points

future.”

This article, to many observers here
who are keeping a close eye on events
in Germany, is looked upon as perhaps
the most significant that has appeared
in the German press since the war be-
fan, certainly since the war began to
go against Germany.

Does this mean, asked one of these
observers, that intelligent Germany is at
last convinced that Germany's disregard
of internatioMal decency and her policy
of intrigue and diplomatic lying caused
the war in the first place, and that Ger-
many will not be entitled to a place
among the nations until her own spirit is
cleansed and her honesty established’?

The Vossiche Zeitung writer by his
reference to 1870 evidently refers to the
overmastering spirit of militarism which
throttled Germany after the vi rious
Franco-Prussian war. The

where the German artillery had been
endeavoring to hold back the advancing
infantry. <

During the day the Germans threw
shells into Fismes, Bazoches, Blanzy and
other places in an effort to check the
allied troop movement. There was a
strong direct and indirect tire from La
Petite Montagne. The machine gunners
blazed away, but the American detach-
ments made headway at intervals by
keeping under any possible cover and
not attempting to go ahead in large
numbers,

Waiting to Be Blasted Ont.

\ American officers say indications are
that the Germans intend to cling to
every foot of ground south of the Aisne
as long as possible, using machine guns

covilized | WNUl the gunners are blasted from the

world, now in arms against Germany, is ; Positions,

fighting that spirit, and has been from
the first. Intellectual Germans, even

The principal resistance with which
the Americans had to contend came from

the honest intellectuals, have believed, | the region of La Petite Montagne, north-

or pretended to believe, that Germany's
war was defensive, that commercial
Jealousy was indirectly the cause of the
conflict.

This article is, so far as is known

 

east of Revillon, where observers re-
ported there were from thirty to forty
niachine gun nests entrenched on the
summit of the hill.

$$

ISNB Front, Sept. 9 (8 P. M.).—In!

| GERMAN 7) ADMI TS DEF EAT: ogg BILETge Footing in
HOPE OF OFFENSIVE GONE St. Gobain Forest Despite

| Strong Resistance.
High Command Decides to Conduct Only War of De- a see cee. ce
fence, Says Col. Gaedke—People Are Told ‘MORE sie as
Kaiser’s Promises Cannot Be Fulfilled. |
|

/

 

British in Heavy Storm Get
| Nearer Cambrai on Four
Mile Front.

| ENEMY NEAR EXHAUSTION

 

Special Cable Daspatch to ‘THs Sux }
Copyright, i918; all rights reaerved,

In addition to these things there are,
he says, two other important consider-
Lonpon, Sept. %-—Gernsany is con- | ations—the Entente’s almost {nexhaust-
|fessing her military failure and the ible eupplies of raw materials and the

German nation is being told that in the! American army.
future a war of defence only will be Therefore, if words mean anything,

this {s an admission that the German
| s are being informed
jee ae — Z army is outnumbered, outfought and

j that the Kaiser's glittering promises | sutgeneraled. As several other German
|cannot be: fulfilled. {papers comment along similar lines it
| “In view of these conditions,” says a| can safely be presumed that Co!. Gaedke
|noteworthy article in Vorwaerta by its| writes from something like official dic- |
military critic, “the German high com- | tation.

|mand has decided not to conduct in the This decision to return to defensive
‘future a war of offence but a war of de-| warfare will come as a heavy blow to |
| fence only.” | the German people. Col. Gaedke openly |
| Col. Gaedke, the author of the article, | declares the decision involves a return
'says these conditions arise out of Mar-/|to the Hindenburg line as a means of

'
|
1
|

All Available Reserves of Men
and Artillery Are Being
Massed on Front.

|
|
|
\

Lonpon, Sept. 9 ——- A greatly
strengthened German resistance is
)serving to retard the allied advance

Aoroshtinued! advance ty: the Altes, | 28ainst the Hindenburg line, al-

however, will :aake it doubtful whether | though au no place has the progress
the Hindenburg line can be held. of the French, British and Americans
ae anaes been brought to a stop.

| possible by a supertority in men and
material, aided by thousands of new
tanks and airplanes.

 

 

| 4 In the north the British forces
ALLIES GAINING ER CH HERO G under Field) Marshal Halg have
| : edged closer to Cambrai, on the

southwest, having captured many im-
portant positions between Havrin-
court Wood and Pieziere, 2 four mile
front. Along this Mne the British

NILE BY MILE © AT'ST.GOBAIN

Stiffening Resistance Makes! Bridge Canal and Ailette im| fought 1 year ago. Gouzeaucourt
Rapid Advance Cost More | Face of Concentrated | Wood is In their hands and the town

: of that name is dominated by their
Than Worth. Germag Fire. guns.

ieee] = Still further north, east of Armen-
. . nua : , Weir pitas {tleres, the Germans are making a
i'GERMAN PLAN IS UPSET, SPLENDID CASTLE RUINED) particutarly strong effort to stop the

re sere oe, ‘British advance, new Bavarian regi-
menis hitherto unidentified in recent
| fighting having been thrown in. Ger-
| man artillery is also very active here,
but Field Marshal Haig hus made no
| effort recently to press his advance

 

 

 

|Capture of Mont St. Quentin Coucy Fortress Still Provides
Wes Surprise That Disor- | Difficult Problem
ganized Campaign. | Advancing Army.

for

 

| \ nici tobi ied here, evidently figuring the cost
\
t . « rnele ”
By PERRY ROBINSON. By GERALD CAMPBELL. against the strengthened resistance
Special Cable Despatch to Tun Sts from the! Specia? Cable Despatch to Tar Sts from the | would be more than the ground {s
London Times Service. London Times Service worth,
Copyright, 1M8: all righ ’ ‘ 1ayK: , ans \ >
- py ted : o af reserved. Copyright, 1918; all righta reserved. { French Enlarge Foothold,.
y With THe Dritisir ArMicg IN: Francr, With THE FRENCH Army, Sept. 9.—As
jSept. 9.—The business of pushing the $ oe o pa tes Further south the French continue

one follows the retreating tide of the
German invasion the destruction left be-

 

jenemy back on the Hindenburg line con- their pressure against St, Quentinand

jtinues, the advance re 7 ; : La Fere and both of those towns ap-
j vance averaging half a) ying by the invaders and the heroism of} parer tig ne oe
{mile or so daily along much of the Brit- | fr : ani ‘ ies } itiy are doomed to capture as
; ' men w ar us ‘ - yt

ish and French front. | nen who are pushing them out Of) soon as allied movements on other

| France are always the two thoughts up- |

: parts of the line are sufficiently de-
'permost in mind. :

In the Scarpe River area there is a vel j
eloped.

 

heavy artillery fire, while , ; . The Freneh are hourly en-
|guns also ane active aoe 2 Arnene | Yesterday I visited two of the di-jlarging their turning movement
| tleres, where great cuaiitlaa ae visions which forced the enemy back to ayainst the St. Gobain forest, which
Shells are being used. The Carne tas ae shee PE She OS ODEN: ASRS: a the buttress to the whole of the
sistance has become more serious in the | eee ane ee i escoet ee defensive positions in France,
Gouzeaucourt section, but there are HOlilins, “Mhey ace fie aa. divis sri what haus ALeRY despatches from the battle
outstanding inc!dents. { : hi oe ‘ jOns tch | front indicate that everywhere the

vanced in the final struggle west of| French are tins w .
Capture 1 how alts ’ § : | 1 are meeting with success in
db d documents show the shaken | the forest, each on®a front of about aj this enterprise,

morale of the enemy. Batter® com-

,

 

: : mile to the right of Coucy le Chateau.| German artillery in the St. Gobai
| shortages Ne daving that the Ernie their infantry, though the General come | 1 nd night in a desperate effort to
; dumps were blown up by th fi 0 e o manding one of the divistons poured{ Save this great stronghold. In addi-
{Hed guns. The Garman ‘saemant ‘vari: shells into it the night before the last) tion, thousands of machine guns have
ae ae Rbcttineg teen bi still attack. been Planted all through the woods
Watch the exploded dumps ; The ruin of a castle stands at the ex-; nd hills. Against these, however,

= {treme edge of a spur from Haute Forest, Gen. Mrangin is throwing his own

jle Coucy, high above the valley of the} Shel’s, All along the battle front, from
jAilette. Its criminal destruction wasthe| the forest castward to the plateau
i work anithe ananis, it pertheastward from Soissons the big
guns of the Germans are having their
inning.

j Symptoma of Grave Condition.

| A report of the court-martial of the 1
214th Division, whien {s included in the |,,..: - : wha -Riaw
captured documents, shows that for dis- | uae XOtrSt & YOOT Age.

= ‘has bee
obedience and attempted desertion } been
fifteen sentences of from one to seven
years imprisonment were inflicted. From

this it is possible to recognize that the

up in
then it
further ruined as a result of
the Inevitahie wear and tear of wur un-
[tit now your first feeling, if you didn't
know its history, would be that

 

 

Since

Increased Resistance on Alsne.

itis a Along the Aisne the German big guis

here, the first one to appear in the non- On the other hills to the south of the

Socialist press which admits, by Indirec-
tion, that the allied aims {n the war are
the just ones, and that Germany,
through her disregard of the “word,”
best exemplified by her statesmen’'s def-
inition of a solemn treaty as a scrap of
paper, is fighting without a just cause,

 

 

McAdoo Cats Out Expensive a la
Carte Meals,
Special Despatch to Tur BuN.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—Dollar dinners

on the American plan are to be served on
all dining cars of the railroads under

tered bridge leading across the river to{ Government control, except on de luxe
j trains, after October 1.

Fismes.
From inside the dwelling, from win-

Director-General McAdoo issued or-

dows and holes in the wall, they kept | gers to-day barring expensive a la carte

 

Continued on Fourth Page,

Tobacco Is Prime
Trench Necessity

“OH, if you could see our

faces at the arrival of the
smokes,” writes Sergeant George
F. Woodle of the New York
Signal Battalion, “you would

realize what they really mean to

us. The entire company ask me

to thank you a million times.”
Read the

uaint words of
Sergeant W. O. Forrester sent
directly to THE SUN Tobacco
Fond, wish ee a Bee on
page 4. e adds: “Don’t worry
about us. All are in good
health.”

WARNING!.THE SUN TO-
BAcce Ue aes no connection
any other fund, organiza-

tion or publication. SH calor
no agents or solicitors. —.

 

meals, Luncheon and dinner are to be
on the table d’hote plan. Breakfasts may
be served a la carte, but they must be
simple ami at moderate prices. The
table d’hote dinners cannot have more
than four courses,

The standardization and economy are
expected to benefit both the roads and
the public and to bring further food con-
servation. Mr. McAdoo states that it
will bring dining car meals withn the
reach of the most humble traveller.

SAY ALLIES LOST 565 PLANES.

Germans Also Claim to Have Shot
Dewn 52 Balloons in August.
Lonpon, Sept. 9.+-The German War

 

 

 

| Office in its report to-day summarized

aerial operations of last month as fol-
lows:

During August 665 enemy airplanes
were brought down on the German
fronts, sixty-two of them by our anti-
aircraft guns. Captive balloons to
the number of fifty-two also were
brought down. Of the total number
251 airplanes are in our possession,
The remainder were observed to fall
on the other side of the enemy lines.
We lost in battle 153 airplanes and
eighty-#ix captive balloons,

#

roe

Aisne the German machine gunners had

taken positions and, with snipers at va- |

rious points, caused some annoyance.

GERMANS STANDING
ON LINE OF MARCH 21

Plans of Opposing Comman-
ders to Be Known Soon.

 

 

WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.—With the Ger-

man army etanding to-day substan-
tlally in the positions it occupied be-
fore last March 21, when its greatest

offensive was launched, it appears cer-
tain to officials here that the next few
days will see the plans of the opposing
commanders revealed.

THe statement in the official Ger-
man communique that “our new lines”
had everywhere been occupied has only
one construction here. Apparently it
was intended to mean that the retire-
ment had come to an end and that the
Germans expected to stop the allied ad-
vance along the old front. In that event,
it was sald to-day, the light forces of
the French, British and American armies
will soon reach this defensive position
and subsequent operations will show
quickly how Marshal Foch proposes to
assail the problem that Jaffled the
French and British general siuffs—the
breaking of this advanced line of de-
fence set up by the enemy on Belgian
and French soil.

There is a feeling among some officials
that the enemy is likely to signalize his
intention to stand fast by striking back
hard at the advancing French and Brit-
ish forces, or even by an attack at some
other point designed to relleve pressure
rather than to achieve any decisive re-
gult in the way of capturing towns,

There is no doubt that many officers
here regard the days immediately ahead
as probably the crucial period of the
whole battle of 1918,

Pp aid ante

 

 

Selina plays
act ge hype

| symptoms, when put together, point toa dazslingly white chalk cltff, in oxttine | Alfio mus  neeinat the French (ang
fairly grave condition in the int 10 8 | rather like a castle. The idea that it{ Americans The German infantrymen
aeiny, had really been the Don Juan castle, one | MOPth of the Aisne have been reenforced,
Miia German afiiles on tha’ Deitiah lof the finest in all France, would hardly | Pus SRCOUn HE for the Increased relate
front are now in the lines they ocoy. | enter the head, eee by the Freneh in their
pied last winter. From the carpe rs e ae pseabeact te Aisne In spite of
Soutaward to Moeuvres the enemy is! estilo Sti) Formidable, i Branch are ponte oe ie i
already from twelve to thirteen miles} Because of its commanding poutcan't The Gaeian Veh ae nd ¢
east of his old lines and is attempting | it is etill a formidable defensive fortresy, | ently {s engawaa aint Pr ou ‘ ot
to use the Canal du Nord and the flooded |and the decision not to attack it direetly | ing ‘the three areat binges of si rig
areas of the Scarpe and Sensee rivers | was obviously a good one, Both di-|in France In Hie aelekhon ay ea
as a substitute for the lost Drocourt- visions had other unavoidable obstac ‘ox t Rheims, northeast of Solus " ind -
Queant line. Below, from the region |in front of them quite as diflcult. They | Flanders yreat artillery conoehtva tions
of Havrincourt south, our progress has ‘had to cross the canal, eight feet deen, | have been made by the anams The
been so fast tnat all the way to St.jand just beyoud it the Ailette, with the|(ermans realize that an allied “breale
| Quentin we are on ground we have jenemy trenches on the other side Through’ gt any on Y these points
not seen since March 22, the eecond| +The division on the left, whose front} Would be disastrous if not fatal to the n
lane of the German advance, jextended from Quincy Basse to Gugny | hence they are taking every precaution
Conditions have changed greatly | Was on one side of the canal, with the | Within their power tv make these Bec
since the enemy started from these pos!- enemy only seventeen yards away. Thev tions of their ne impregnable
tions last spring, and since the winter began their attack on the night of the | ¢ ‘
and spring of 1917. At that time he! goin under a heavy barrage, thioush | nee Stand on Sotssous Plateau.
fell back across this same country, but | which all materials for bridging the| !% the Solssons neighborhood i)
did it in his own time and after spend- j canal had to be carried. enemy has brought up all available can
ing months destroying all military; ‘pne engineers were exposed to a nat | oetts et 3 BaGtion SROUSENHA OF Mies
works and buildings in the evacuated | rifle and machine gun fire and also to a yeep ae mean placed in Pa ee
territory. Even after his first Great | barrage, by aes a hate ihetacaae ee

and so close were they to the | paring to stand here to the death

disaster there 1s no doubt he expected |

 

 

: 4 A enemy that even hand grenades could| There is no indication, as yet, that
to have plenty of time to fortify the). used. Yet somehow they managed to | Marshal Foch has the slightest intentio
line along the Somme and Tortille ged to : 7 aye es
rivers let the bridges built. One engineer | Of letting go of the offensive. All alos

: ) ‘i line r , . o Rhefm ome

sergeant crossed while the others were pees ee ee nan ne ae

S su ues, neralissin
Crisie at Mont St, Quentin, ; still at work and brought back a dozen | evidently has made up his mind that 1
It was the brilliant capture of Mont | prisoners. isn't now sO much a question of men
St. Quentin and the turning of all the} . F 7 and guns as it is a question of spirit--
positions southward that upset all these| Work Under Withering Fire, of will to win. Day and night ng is
|fine calculations. Since then the Ger-j ‘The Aiiette, whieh is twenty yards | keeving the allied forces pounding the
mans have moved eastward as best they | fron’ bank ¢o bank, had to be nia ed nerve wrecked Germans, and that ths
could, Again and again we have cap- | Sanithaaaine witht : as Red ule | nottey is bearing fruit is indicated by
tured prisoners bearing orders to hold | Cr the same ‘ering fire, the severity | documents captured from the Germans,
their positions on dates Jong subsequent; Of which can be imagined from the fact] including army orders signed by hign

to the time they were in our hands. that when the French finally crossed | commanding officers, and simple letters
I have spoken before of the great|they captured twenty-two machine guns | written by prisoners, In all there is tha
ee # catan iain “9 one {in one little corner. All these had heen | ##ine evidence of disorganization and
ng supple alling o our hands, 1s} ‘ pry ; } disheartenment.
continues, We are getting great quan- | trained on the engineers while they built | 4 ne the adi hire
tities of material the Germans intended | the bridge. lehirty miles rematn
to use in their winter campaign. Every- Alter that they had five days of bat- | '

less than
by alliet

line
untouched

 

 

i guns, and this stretch ts daily being ex
where 1s evidence of haste and disor-| tling in the woods, with machine gun) ecroached upon by the French, Britign
ganization. j Aghting characterized by one officer as}and Americans, At no place are the
| : In the Havrinoourt aren, from Mooue | the hottest he ever saw. In four daya| allied euldiers more than #\X miles awe)
vres aot see Out, =e Germans | an advance of less than half a mile was Mack of the enemy lines it is clear
@re fighting mo strenuously, appar- made, Then the Hrench G that Ludendorff and Hindenburg are
ently with the Intention of holding up P . deneral ordered | iriving with every vesource at their
our advance to the Hindenburg line drom | fresh bombardment. Under this the command to gain the rest which they

Gouzeaucourt to Villers Guislan, which|enemy, who nad engaged five separate! must have, and soon, if they hope to

 

; ne unt: in the five days of fighting, broke! remain tn France. Thetr forces are
| Continued on Second Page, | anc d. j disorganized and exhausted, anu thie.
‘ ; ‘
.
teens aa nae ew ed + cael Be Stine be itis jp F lin spain ih: Uviriarin gs 1 eat ed nn an hy eed 0