VOL, LXVIIL—NO, 39,
ALTGELD’S BAG OF “IFS.”

 

 

THE sBlacesT “IF” IS ILLINOIS,
ABOUT WHICH HE'S iN DOUBT.

Torch Button Celebrates His Arrival Here
He Will Make Speeches to Us—Creker,
Merphy aod Stanchfie'd Talk Bustuess
~That Stanchfivid Check Is Coming Slow.

The Hon. Gum Shoe Bill Stone, who is the beat
ahot among the plutocrat hunters at the Demo-
cratic headquarters in the Hoffman House,
packed into a carpetbag yesterday his desire to
succeed the Hon. George Graham Vest of Mis-
eourt as a member of the United States Senate
and trailed across the country for Baltimore,
where he made a apeech last night, Before he
went away he had a talk with the Hon. John
Pardon Altgeld, ex-Ciovernor of Illinola, who is
credited with having discovered and developed
Col, Willlam Jennings Bryan, the popocratio
candidate for President. Mr. Altgeld has come
onfrom Chicago to make a few speeches here in
the Enst. He has received two tnvitations
to sneak in Brooklyn and half a dozen to epeak
in this borough, and he has a number of en-

gagements in New England, where he isa prime |

favorite as an orator Mr Altweld, according
to the wise men of the Hoffman House, will be
appointed to the Supreme Court of the United
States when Col. Brvan ie elected President
His arrival! in New York waa celebrated by
the plutoerat hunters, who at onoe issued a
button. ‘This button bears a flaming
and it wae distributed as a delicate trib-
ute to ex-<Gov. Altgeld’s kindly regard for the
Haymarket Anarchists, All the attachés at
the Democratic national headquarters put the
butten on at once and were paraded before
Mr. Alte@eld

Mr Altgeld brought from the Weet a fine
collection of rainbows. He had a little talk
with his friends, and he began his remarks
by the familiar statement of all Col Bryan's
adherenta, that “if” the election were held
to-morrow Col. Bryan would be elected and
President McKinley would not “receive the
electoral votes of eight States." Mr Altgeld
auid that South Dakota would go for Bryan
br 5,000, Kansas by 10,000, and that the popo-
erale Ucket would carry Ohio that is, if
the election were held to-morrow Ae ad-
mitted sadly that [linoia was in doubt, and then
he said that the wicked Republicans hada
campaign fund of at least $25,900,000 with which

thes intended to corrupt the free and
independent voters of the United States
Mr. Altweld said that he was very much shocked
at this, and then, without any particular reas

he said that he was very much dissatisfied

new
torch

with the manner _{n which Chairman Benjan in |

B, Vdellof the Republican State Committee
waa acting in campaign, Mr. Altaqd
eiid that Mr. Odell ought to be out on the
hustings instead of being cooped up in the
Fifth Avenue Hotel. After he had said this
about Mr, Odell, Mr, Altgeld's mind went back
to the great Republican oampaign fund,
which the Democrate seam to know all about,
and he talked some more about it.

The most encouraging news which Gum Shoe
Bill took down to Baltimore with him was ocon-
tributed by a qenremas whose name the press
agent at the headquarters refused to divuige
but for whom he vouched as a “well known and
wealthy member of the New York Stock Ex-
change.” This gentleman, the Repo agent
said, was against Bryan in °96, but he is now
for him. The preas agent promised that the
gentleman's name would be made public at
t 1g pr p er time

le Mr, Altgeld qed the nameless hroker
were in the national headquarters, Mr. Croker
and his candidate for Governor, the Hon. John
B. Stanohfiel f Elmira, Senator Thomas
Francis Grady, who is Mr_ Croker’s mouthpiece,
and ex-Senator Edward Murphy were having
4 little talk about State politics in Mr. Murphy's
room. Their talk wa ofa ¥ serious nature,
and it was deolared last night that one of the
things ‘poy discussed was 4 carn paien fund.
Tt was eciared that My. Stanchfleld, who is
a very weal man, had not vet made his con-
tribution to the State war chest, and that Mr
Croker and Mr. }
so. Mr. Stanchfleld has been very busy since
the campatgen opened, and his friends say that
he has not had time to draw the check for $60,000
which he is expected to contribute.

Another subject which came up for discussion
at thi. conference, it was declared, waa the effo
whieh the Hon, Frank Campbell, chairman o
the State Committee, and a warm personal
friend of ex-Senator David Bennett fill of
Albacy, had beer, making to ralse money, It
was declared that Mr. Murphy had heard that
Mr. Campbell had written letters to a number of
eninent gectlemen in the Democratle party
sicwesting that they make thafr contribuiions
Cirect to him or to the State Committee, It
vais said that Mr. Murphy did not like this and
that he had told the gentlemen to I on the
eppeals had been addressed that if they had
a contributions to make they could make
them to him. All of this, it must be under-
stood, has to be reported on hearsay, because
none of the gentlemen would talk to reporters
about their conference

Just as Gum Shoe Bill was getting aboard
the train to wo away he issued this bulletin in
regard tosavings banks

I see that the Republicans are making con-
eiderohle capital over the fact that during the
pent two or three years the amount deposited
n the savings banks of the State has been
materially increased. 1 have been talking with

number of people about this and have found
out that vour savings bank men pay a good
rate of interest—8, 3) or 4 per cent., and that
under your admirable banking laws money in
a savings bank {fs about as safe and gond in-
vestment aaa man can make. The result is
that many wealthy people have been distrib-
ulin considerable of their money In aavings
banks. This {4 loading un the banka with
money for which ther are not destaned, which
tendastocut down the interest-earning properties
of inatitutions ealenlated only for wage earn-
ere and smaller investors and moner eayera

Gum Shoe Rill intends, according to his
friends to get after the nlitocrate who are
loading up the savinits hanks of this State with
money {ust as soon as he is elected to
United States Sennte to sieeeed the

 

 

Hon

George Graham Vest of Missouri, who, asGim |

Sho’ Rill has frequently remarked, {s a very
aged gentleman,

 

BRYAN RUN ON A SAVINGS BANK,

 

Tt Was Started in Baltimore by a Rumor That
Tle Would Be Elected.

BALTIMORE, Oct. 8.—Because a woman went
around among the depositors of the Fast
branch of the Provident Savings Bank thts
morning circulating a story thit Bryan wos
going to be electei and the country ruined,
there was a run on that institution to-nighr,
The bank accepts deposits from 60 cents in
stam, * up and isin a flourishing condition. It«
officers learned what was going on and were
prepared with funds when the rush began.

It was about dusk when 500 excited men and
women, whose deposits ranged from 80 centa to
twe or three hundred dollars, gathered at the
bank and clamored for their money. They all
told the same story. Bryan was going to be
elected and the bank and country ruined

The cerks accommodated the callers, the
majority of whom were working people, as fast
as they could, but tt was 9:30 P. M. before the
last applicant was satisfied,

Monday evening is usually a good deposit
night, but to-night the withdrawals were a way
Inthe majority. The bank ising od financial
condition, and will suffer nothing from the run.

A VOTE FOR BRYAN AND LOW WAGES,

 

 

What Would Be the Coal Miners’ Chance in
the Smash That Wonld Come.

“There is no satisfying the Democrats nowa-
days,” remarked Senator Scott at Republican
National Headquarters yesterday. “Four years
ago Bryan scolded because we borrowed money
of Europe, now he scoids because we are lending
money to Europe. A while ago the Bryanitos
blamed the ooa!l strike on the Republicans,
and now they blame the Republicans for try-
ing to take measures to terminate the strike
One thing is certain, as a Philadelphia friend
writes: ‘But for the present prosperity brought
about by the Republican party, it would have
been absolutely impossible to have conceced
the atvance to the miners and uniews McKinley
is elected and continued prosperity thus assured
there will not be the remotest chance of the coal
miners or any other laborers who hove seeired

aivanced wages during ¢t
sontinutng to receive then,” a we

Murphy were urging him to do |

the

BRYAN'S DESPERATE HOPE.

it Lies tm the Idle aad Vicious Classes, Says
Franklin Marphy.

The Republican campaig.iers at the head-
quac'ere of the National Committe at 1 Mad-
{son avenue were not surprised yesterday when
| they read of the attack which was made upon
Gov. Roosevelt when he left the church in
Chicago on Sunday, Senator Scott, ex-
S-nator Gibbs, ex-Senator Murphy and
Mr. Manley have all of them been very
avxous not to believe that
wes a Democratic plan to resortto violence in
the closing weeks of the campairn. The nu-
| merous assauita, Lowever, which
' Made upon eminent Repuodlicans, such as the

@liaok upon Gov. Roo-evelt, Senator |. dae

and Senator Wolcott in Victor, Col,
‘the altempt to injure Senator Honna
in Chioaco, where a chunk of
|} thrown at him while he was speaking,

and the disturbances at Republi an meetings
| io all parts of the country have called th fr at-
tention to the fact that, whereas te Repubii-
cans are not atvie | pting to prevent the Vemo-

 

 

Gate [Po., appeaiing to the voters in any
| legitimate way, the Bryunites show
a decided disinclination to be
' equally oourteou. ond fvir minded The

commiiteemen bave not mad: up tieir minds
yet that the Bryanite cisturbers ure acting un-
der orders, but they belleve that the attacks
; upon R pucticans hive been ins; ired by the Lie
| flammatory 4, eeches w ich have been made in

this campaign ivy all the prominent Democrats,
from Bryan cownto the humb.est spe.Jbinder

Committeeman Frankiin Murphy of New Jersey
aaid:

“Mr. Bryvonisb @ nning torean the cropofth:
dragon's teeth he has sown. It is charifoble to
believe that he has not [fully realiz d the extent
of his offending, bute: reaity he hasexposedtn:
countr: to a very serious danger and piaced
himeelfin a very undesirabie position His recent
speeches abou’ the subjugation of lebor by the
army, &c., nave been flagran'ly untruthfu and
Nobody his ever

ositively ged fiotu- hare d

im with being a fool, and the presumption
s that he has taken this step eliberateiy,
with a definite motive, \ifel can be ‘old ¢g
else than an intention to | rovoke

lab wing

men into a frengy of hatred fer sup posen
wrongs, 'oatir up jealousy and all tie bad , as-

| sionaintherink «f the emploved and t) spur
; on the idie ani vicious clasaes 1) activity in his
behalf He knowe that he hos lat the respect

| nervative citizens of both parties. His only hope
| now isin arraving theunthinkiog element with
the vicious element, and in endeavoring to
cr ate acyco.one of popular fure
to aweep his into the Presidency
“Was there ever a baser, nore ignoble ¢indl-
dacy than this? Canit bethat the American
people will ever elect such aman their Pr si-
who actuall
army is
tigate libor, whose
|
'
|

and madness

dent—« man pullio

that the

says in
to be used to sub-
followera insult the

nited State. upifor: andthe United States
flag, call our soldicr boys ‘n urderers,’ elub our
candidates and discharge volleys of obs ceneepl-
thets at ladies and entlenien coming out of
churoh? 1 for one will pever believe it.

“There ts danger ahead, however in th
coming month and the people must be pre ared
forit Mr. Brva. has ie ited the snark of mob
law, and there i-~ no telling how fust or how far
it may spread. Already the (‘:overnor of

che mrire State as been ssiulte |
| tw ce, and Senator Hanna onee, and Mr
Odell, the Republican candidate for Gov-
fernor of New York @rosaly = ipauited
lina public place. All these thines we pr
| arranged. \\hat outrawe are the Bryanttes
| arranging for ext. Bryon and riot are fat

becoming convertible terns. The reapectab!

pie of New York had better be careful o
nemeelves and thelr property when he comes
here next week.”

CAPT SHIELDS NOT RESCUED.

 

Force Sent to Marindnqae Isiand Unable to
Get Any Trace o: the Missing Men.
Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

j} MANILA, Oct. &--The expedition sent to

resone Capt. Devereatx Shields @id the fifty-

two men who are supposed to have been cap-
Filipinos on Moarinduque Island in
Torrijos on Sept. 27. It |

tured by
September reached
marched into the mountains over the ronte
which Shields had expected to take, but with-
out securing any definite information, the
natives fleeing at the approach of the rescuing
party.

Some Chinamen were encountered on the
march. Thev said that Capt. Shields had been
wounded in a fight nine miles north of Torrijos
After losing seven killed Shields’s ammuni-
tion became exhausted and his party was over-
whelmed and captured. The Chinamen thought
that the Filipinos might have taken the pris-
oners to Mindoro, an vngarrisoned town

Gen. Hare, with two battalions of the Pirst
Infantry, sailed from here on Saturday, deter-
mined to rescue Shields and his tnen and punish
thelr captors. General reports indicate that
the enemy possesses 250 rifles, including fifty
Krag-J orgensens

Capt. Shields and fifty-two men of the Twenty-
ninth Volunteer Infantry arrived at Torrijos,
Marinduque Island, on Sept. 14, and left the
gunboat Villalobos there, intending to return to
Santa Cruz by the overland route. Friendly na-
tives informed the garrison at Boac that Shields
and his men had been defeated and captured
inthe mountains. Lieut: Reeves of the tail
was immediatel) despatched on the Yorktown,
with a rescuing force At Batangas two com-
panies of Col. Anderson’- Thirty-elghth Infantry
were taken aboard

 

 

STATE AID FOR POOR CUBANS.,

Gea, Wood Sees Many Signs of Poverty tn
Santa Clara Province.
| Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
| HAVANA, Oct, &—-Governor General Wood,
| Secretary of Agriculture Lacoste, Superin-
tendent of Schools Frye and the other members
of the party who have been moaking a brief
visit to Santa Clara province, returned to-day.
Governor General Wood says that while there
is no actual destitution in the districts through
which he passed he saw many signs of poverty,
and he intends to suggest that some State ald
be extended to the people.
Supt. Frye reports that he found the schools
in a satisfactory condition, He inspected
many of them and in his tour was accompanied
by the various boards of education. The mem-
bers of these boards received some valuable
hints from the superintendent. Mr. Frye says
the principal faulta he discovered were that
the children were not arranged In classes ac-
cording to age and that there was a great ecar-
city of achoolbooks. One thing he discovered
that pleased him waa thatthe teachers and boards
of education were very enthusiastic in their
work, Other members of the Governor Gen-
eral's party say Mr. Frye's reception tn the
various towns visited was astonishing. The
people turned out everywhere and greeted
him enthuestastically
Gen, Maxiino Gomez bas sent a letter to the
Cuban Veterana® Association declining the in-
vitation to attend the forthcoming banquet
He says he has decided not to attend any festi-

vals
Governor General Wood will
United States in a few days

Director of Cuban Posts Fosnes Tas Yellow
Fever.
Special Cate Despatch to THE SUN,
HAVANA, Oct 8 —Mr. Martin C. Foanes, who
succesded Mr. Rathbone as Director-General
of Posta, is ill of yellow fever

sail for tho

 

Shearman Believed in the Gold Standard.

The late Thoinas Gaskell Shearman, whose
wil was file| for probate in the Surrogate’s
Office in Broos yn. on Saturday, was a firm be-
Hever in the goid standord. In one ~ aracrayh
of bs will, which ia dated June 17, 1899, he de-
fines what fe means by ‘dollar.’ He wrote:
“The word dollars, whenever the same has been
used in this will is io be construed as meaning

dojlare in g id cotn of the United States of
America of the stancarlof we ght and fine
ness ex sting at the date ofthis will,”

Enjo 1 aaa
| on Hu

tall foliage and the elixir of the autumn air
on iver Des Line steamers; music—Ade”

|

there |

ave been |

ioe Was |

|MR. BRYAN A BEATEN MAN,

HIS TALK OF CORRUPTION MERELY
A CONFESSION OF DEFEAT.

 

So Say Senator Hanna and Henry ©. Payne
~'r. Bryan's Wall of Despair at His Old
Home at Salem, M.—te Says the Repubit-
cans \re Preparing to Bay and Coerce Votre.

CHICAQO, Oct. 8 Henry C. Payne, chief Re-
publicancampaigner here next toSe-ator Hanna
said to-night: “I see Bryan is getting des-
perate He is now talking about Republicans
buying the election Whenever he squawks

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900,

 

 

BY

THE FRENCH PROPOSAL,
Lerd Salisbury Has Not Replied to It Nor to
the German Note,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 9 —-A Paris despatch to the Poat
save all the Powers except (reat Britain have
replied favorably to the proposals made by

 

| M. Deleassé, the French Minister of Foreign

|

like that you may know that he knows that he |

is a beaten man.”

Senator Hanna echoei Mr. Payne's senti-
menta that this “corruption talk” of Bryan is
the last gasp of an utterly defeatei man,

Bryan passei Sunilay at his old home in
Salem. Before leaving there this morning he
mae a speech which was a wall of cespair.
He said:

“1 hardly feel like making @ political speech
here, for this is a sacred spot tome. Here my
parents are buried, and here I learned precepts
which I have tried to follow, I know the people
here and know how conscientious they are
When I see the picture of my opponent ip the
windows of the Repub!icans 1 know how con-
scientious they must be and how certain they
are that my election would be injurious to the
country or they would not exhibit the pictures

| upon the oceasion ofmy return to my birthplace
In speaking of this matier yesterday Nation | |

ani suprort of the thinking, subs antial, con. |

“If the election were held to-day there is no
doubt that we would have a majority in the
Electoral College and on the popular vote
But the Republican managers are now collect-
ing from the monopolies a large campaign fund
They will buy every vote that can be bought
They will coerce every vote that can be coerced
They will intimidate every laboring man who
can be intimidated. They will bribe every
election judge that can be bribed) They will
corrupt every county that can be corrupted
I do not understand how it is possible for the
plain, every-day Republican to close his eyes
to what is going on.”

Ex-Gov Hoge of Texas, one of Bryan's chief
campaigners, led a party of Texas Democrats
into the Republican national headquarters to-
day to see Chairman Hanna of the Republican
National Committee. Mr. Hanna and Mr,
Hogg are old personal friends

Mr. Hoge just rustle! through Nebraska
aceompanie! by Senator Wellington of Mary-
land. On his arrival here he found a number of
Texas Democrats awaiting him. All wante! to
see Senator Hanna. Ex-Gov, Hogg intro-
duce them to Senator Hanna and there were
frien ly greetings all aroun. Ex-Gov. Hosg
sai iafterwar..:

‘Some of the Texas bors wante! to see fena-
tor Hanna. They bai heard a great ceal about
him an | ha i seea pictures of him, so I told them
to come aiong with me. {have known Senator
Hanna for a long time ani [ just took the boys
over to intro {uce them and to show them that
Mr. Hanna is a gentiernan and a fine fellow
an! that there were no dollar marks on his

clothes. The boys were delighted to talk with |

Senator Hanna.”

THE GOAT" IN AGAIN.

“SKIN JAIL

Got a Music Hell Job, but the Police Took
Him In Before He Could Appear.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lowpon, Oct. 9.—James F. Fitzharria, alias

“Skin the Goat,” who served a long term in

prison for complicity tn the Phenix Park mur-

ders and who was recently pardoned and went
to New York, but was deported under the

American immigration laws, was engaged

to appear at a music hall in Liverpool, but

was arrested to-night for failing to report
himself to the Dublin police authorities. He
will probably be released in a few days.

 

 

RESTRICTION.

Ne Commission to Be Issaed to Papiis of
Religious Congregations.
Special Cable Despatch to TH SUN,

Paris, Oct. &.—An order issued by Gen,
Andre, Minister of War, to-day forbids the
issuance of arm commissions to pupils of the
religious congregations who have never tried
to eter the Lyeees

The order has aroused much unfavorable
criticiam. It Is rewarded as an unjuatifiable
attack on the right of parenta to educate their
children where they please, without prejudice
to their subsequent training

PRENCH ARMY

 

ROYAL PARTY UPSET.

 

Prince and Princess of Pless and Two Guests
Hart to a Motor Carriage Wreck.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Bresuar, Oct. §—The Prince and Princess
of Pless met with an accident to-day while on

a pleasure trip in a motor carriage with two

guests. A horse attached to another vehicle

became frightened and a collision resulted.

The motor carriage was overturned and the

members of the royal party were severely

cut about the hands and faces by the broken
glass

 

GERMAN EDITOR GOES TO PRISON,

 

 

Convicted of Lese Majesty in Discussing the
Kaltser's Chinese Policy.
Spectal Cable Deapatch to THE SUN,

BsaALIN, Oct. §—Maximilian Harden, editor
of the Zukunft, has been sentenced to six
months’ imprisonment in a fortress because of
an artiole in his paper about the battle between
the Kaiser and the Dragon. The charge was
lesé majesty

 

Five Killed in German Wreck.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN.
HEIDELBERG, Oct 8.—A train from Neckar
Gemund crashed into a local near the Carla-
thor station at 6:3) o'clock last evening. The
three rear carriages oa the local were wrecked.
Four or five persons were killed and between
seventy and eighty injured. The signals
had been set wrongly for a clear track. One

official of the line has been arrested.

 

Conservative Net Gatn of Five Seats,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Oct, 8.—In Monday's elections the
Tiberals gained two seata in the Radcliffe dis-
trict of Carmarthen, Wales. Up to date the
Conservatives have gained 23 seats and the
liberals 18, a Conservative net gain of 5. The
@rand totals are: Ministerialists, 827: liberal
and Labor candidates, 08; Irish Nationalists, 67,

 

 

Henry James to Live tn Maseachusctts,
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
Lorpon, Oct. 8.-It is announced that Henry
James, the author, is preparing to abandon
London as a permanent residenos and that he
will live hereafter in Massachusetts.

 

Drought tn Assam Province.
Special Cadle Despatch to THER SUN,
CALCUTTA, Oct 8.—An unprecedented drought
prevaiis in Assam prov noe. The condition of
the tea andother crops is causing the gravest
anxiety

 

Big Atten'‘ance at the Paria Fxposition.

Special Cable Despatch to THRE SUN.
Pants, Oc!. 8.—The atrendance at the Fxpo-
sition yesterday was (52,182. Summer weather
prevails bere.

a
Nothing Else Joust Like It.

The seenery grand and beautiful, the track smooth,

the cars clean and comfortable, the time fast, the

trains srequens. make the New the
passenger line to the West. —Ade. a ee

Affairs, in regard to a settlement of the Chinese
trouble (Tha Cabinet meets in Washington
to-day to discuas the plan, so our reply has not
been sent] lord Salisbury has as yet made no
reply either to the French or German notes
on this subleet except to acknowledge their
receipt and state that before making any an-
swer he desires to receive certain information
from Sir Claude Macdonald, the British Minister
at Pekin

A St Petersburg despatch says that ac
cording to advices from Japan the removal
of the Chinese Court to the interior has de
stroyed all belief in the sincerity of the Chi-
nese promises of reform. If is therefore con-
sidered in Japan that it would be impracti-
cable to withdraw any more Japanese troops
from China at present

A news agency despatch from Pekin says:
“Gen. Yamu Yamaguchi, the Japanese coin-
mander, is organizing a new brigade of 10,000
Japanese troops. Of this number 2,000 will
remain at Pekin) The remainder will be dis-
tributed between Taku and the lines of cotn-
munication.’

fhe Japanese legation received a telegram
from Tokio to-day, stating that the Chinese
Emperor has issued two edicts under dates of
Sept. 12 and 20. The former appoints Ching
Sing to the Governorship of Kiongs! province
traneferring Sung Shon, the viceroy of the lat-
ter, to Kiangau provinee The Tartar
Generals Ching Chang and Shou Shang, come.
manding at Sing Ching andinthe Amur prov-
incea, respectively, are cismisse! and or ered
t awalt an official investigation of their con-
duct. Generals Neching and Yeunao are
appointe,, to suceea| them. The other edict
announces that Prince Tuan an’ others have
been impeached by unanimous vote of all the
Cabinet Ministers as baving caused the recent
disturbances.

two

REVIEW OF OUR TROOPS IN PEKIN, |

Men Made a Splendid Appearance—Rouasstans
Have Corralled Li Hung Chang.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
From @ Staff Correspondent

PERKIN, Oct 3, via Tientsin, Oct 6, and Shang-
hai, Oct. & = The review of the American troops
by Minister Conger and (ens. Chaffee and Wil-
son was an auspicious affair The men madea
aplendid appearance Among the spectators
was a large number of foreign officers After
the review there was a reception at Gen. Wil-
son's headquarters. Both Gen Chaffee and
Gen Wilson areto remain here

Gen. Chaffee says he is satisfied that IA Aung
Chang will not come to Pekin He believes
that the Russians have corralled him. Count
von Waldersee is of the same opinion

The Russians refuse to complete the work of
restoring the railway line to Tientsin. (jen.
Chaffee has sug@ested to Count von Waldersee
that the road be returned to its owners. He
will quarantee the United States’ share of the
expense of repairing the line

The British will occupy the Summer palace,
which the Russians vacated on Monday. The

Germans had intended to estubliah themselves |

there, but were anticipated. The Russians
yesterday vacated the grounds of the Emperor's
palace outside of the Forbidden City. The
Germans have taken up their quarters there

Li Hung Chang has transmitted to Prince
Ching Count von Waldersee's demand for the
punishment of the leeders of the Boxer move-
ment, but the latter sars that he can do nothing
in reward to this until Li Mung Chang arrrives

It ls reporte! that Imperial troops, acting
under L4 Hung Chang's instructions, are pun-
ishing the Boxer forces in the Chochan dis-
trict. Four leacers have been beheaied and
eighteen villages are to be destroyed,

Private letters from Singan-fu state that
the Emperor |s enjoying perfect health. The
Empress seems badly worrie] and is anxious
for a settiemnent of the troubles.

The reinction of the Japanese forces has
commenced, The contingent which the Mi-
kalo is to keep here will consistof two reci-
ments of infantry and detachments of artillery
and cavalry,
PRO-FOREIGN VICEROYS WORRIED,
Believe There Is a Plot Against Them —Seuth-

ern Troops Getting Restiess.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

BERLIN, Oct. 8.—The Shanghai correspond-
ent of the Lokalangeiger telegraphs that the
recent wholesale appointment of Manchus
andanti-forelanersato high places has caused
great dissatisfaction tn the south. This action
has also affected and greatly shaken the loy-
alty of the Vicerors in the Yane-
tae Valley who fear dismissal from
their posts. Liu Kun Yi, the Vioeroyof Nankin
who has been protecting foreigners and who
was recently appointed a member of the Peace
Commission, has sent a commissioner to
Shanghai to make tnquiries in regard to a
mysterious conspiracy about which the
German Consul has been conferring with
Taotai, It is stated that there is a plot
against Liu Kun Yi and Chang Chih Tung, an
other friendly Viceroy and peace commissioner,
Prominent reformers and associates of Kang
Yu Wei, who was banished by the Dowager
Empress because of his progressive iceas,
are said to be in the plot. The situation ts
serious, especially as a spirit of revolution
is becoming manifest among the troops upon
which these southern Viceroys could formerly
rely to carry out thelr orders,

 

FRENCH FORCE STARTS FROM PERIN,

Wil) Move Toward ! ao-ting-fu and Visit the
OC tholic Villages.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
From 4 Stafl Correspondent.

PEKIN, Oct. 4, via Tientsin, Oct, 7, and Shang-
hai, Oct. 8.—-A French expedition, consisting
of 1,000 men an | sixteen guns, will leave here on
Saturday, It will go in the direction of Pao-
ting-fu, for the purpose of visiting the Catholio
villages. M. Pichon, the French Minister, says
that the expedition will not attack the Im-
perial troops, should they be encountere |,
He says that the Imperial soldiery is engaged
in the work of exterminating the Boxers,

Two edict. have been issued by the Emperor
One decrees the degradation of Prinos Tuan,
Prince Chwang and seven others. In the
other edict, Kungkang, the Grand Councillor,
is ordered to proatrate himself before the coffin
of the murdered German Minister, Baron von
Ketteler, and to offer obeisances and sacri-
floes. The Viceroy at Tienstin is commanded
to facilitate the shipment of the body to Ger-
may and the Minister at Berlin is instructed
to apologize. Both edicts are considered to
be weak efforts at placation.

 

 

ALFRED EUGENE CROW DEAD.

His Wife and Boy Harold Were Kiiled by an
Explosion in His Naphtha Launch,

New Rocueuie, N. Y., Oct. &—Alfred Eu-
gene Crow, who survived the accident on July
23 in which his wife and son Harold were killed
by an explosion in hie naphtha launch in Echo
Bay, died of apoplexy this morning at his home

in Peiharn road. He was @ son of Longstaff
Crow, who left him a fortune. He was 44 years
old and was a member of the New Kochelle
Yacht Club and the New York Athletic Club.

 

(lab Comforts on Wheels,

Lackawanna service to St. Louls; luxurious, swift
nd clean. Superb observation and dining cars —Ade.

THE SUN

 

ms.

 

| PLAN OF REFORM IN CHINA;

AMERICANS IN PEKIV
THEY THINK 18

| —
Punissmenat of Boxer Leaders, Indemnity for
Native Christians, Educational Reform and
Revision of Court Processes—Memorandam
Signed and Sent to Minister Conger,
Vierorta, B. C., Oct. &—The North China

Daily Newa, received by the steamer Duke of
Fife this afferneen, contains a copy of reso-

TELL WHAT

NEEDED,

 

cars who were besleged in Pekin, the matter
having been taken up at the suggestion of
FE H Conger, United States Minister

ings and the final action was unanimnous. The
paper as presented to Mr. Conger |e signed
by nearly all Americans, some being absent
at the time, in the order of their length of resi-
dence in China. The first name ts that of Dr.
| W. A. Martin, President of the Imperial Unt-
versity, who has beep 50 veara in China. It is
followed by that of the Rev. John Wheerry,
'D. D., 86 years in China; the Rev. Chauncey
Goodrich, D. D., 84 vears, the Rev. J. L. Whiting,
82 years; the Rev. Arthur E. Smith, 28 years;
the Rev. W. 8S. Amont, 28 years; the Rev. F. H.

WW } l.
PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. —

 

lutions adopted by practically all the Amert-

All the |
points were carefully considered in several ineet- |

Chapin, 20 years, and many others of shorter |

terns of service. The paper reads

| ‘In view of the fact that the allied troops

| have oceupled Pekin. we, the undersigned

| deeply Interested in the reformation of China

j} and impressed with the Imperative need of

| changes in the coming reorganization of the
Empire, would submit the following memoran-

dum:

' ‘Although foreten enterprise and missionary
work hive ejoved treaty recognition for forty
years, yet there has recently occurred a long-
Planned, widespread and violent attack upon
them under impertal sanction with the
avowed object of extirpating Christianity, ex-
peiling foreigners and destroying all foreign
interesta) The movernent has forced all native
Christians into a false position, unpatriotic

 

a7

ROBBING A PRIEST IN A CAB,

 

Two Young Men Flee When Ex-Commissioner
Faure Intervenes.

John P. Faure, formerly Charity

sioner, was walking down Fiith avenue last

Commis-

* Palr to-day and to-morrow;

SE an |

 

RICE TWO CENTS.

 

RIOTING IN PORTO RICO,

night and at Twenty-seventh street heard |
shouts fér help coning from a eab, He ran
out into the street an  stoppe! the eab, Two

young men jumped out of the cab and ran
away. Mr. Faure looke! into the cab and
saw there a man drese| as a priest, The
man waa in a daze! condition

Mr, Faure got dito the cab and told the cab-
man to drive to Bellevue, At the hospital the
priest said lie was the Rev, W. ti, Coal and let-
ters in his pocket were addressed to
name at St, Mary's Chureh at Newburgh.
He said that the young men had tried to
rob him in the — cab, The cat
man said that the Rev, Mr. Coal had tried
to engage rooms at the Hotel Imperial, but
that rooms has been refused to him Then he
and the two young men had hired the cab fora
drive. The cabnian was allowed to go. The
priest was kept at the hospital

NEARLY DIED ON THE DESERT.

Cousin of Senator Hanna and a Companion
Rescued After Being Without Food Two Days.

PuH@ntix, Ariz., Oo! 8-1. B
of Sene or Mark Ha na, and Superintendent of
Forest Reserves for Arizona and New Mexico,

'and A. F. Herman, Supervi- or of Grand Cafon

of Colorado Forest Keserve, almost perished of
thirst and hunger on the desert while making @
trip from Colorado Hiver t) the Utah State
line, dovestigating tne forest reserves. Forty
miles south of Lee's Ferry their horses escaped
There was no water and the me. started out
across the desert They tramped all day.

' Hanna woe so exhausted that he could not pro-

| search for water

and disloyal with the ultimate alternative of |

massacre or apostasy The Christians as a
boay are both patriotic and thoroughly loyal
| and by all treaties and by many edicts are en-
| titled to protection and now especially to be set
| right before the Chinese Government and before
the world. To this end we ask:
(i That those who are found to have
been leaders in this anti-forelgn movement

be adequately punished

‘(2.) That the native Christians be tn-
deranified for the losses of life and property
with which they have suffered in thie perseou-
tion.

‘We urge the necessity of insisting upon
educational reform in China;

(1. By the abolition of the present literary
test of merit in the civil service.

‘(2.) By the {Introduction in ite place of
branches of Western learning.

“(3.) By the discontinuance of the worship
| of Confuciua as a compulsory educational
rite
(4) By placing all Chinese, irrespective

of reliztous beliefs, upon the same footing in

matters of educational privileges
“We ask for a radical revision of the civil
and criminal processes in C)\ina, with a view to
securing Justioa ant equal rights for Christians
|) by suclureadinstments as shall secure:
} (1) That all Chinese, irrespective of re-
| ligious belief, shall be placed upon the same
| footing inal! proceedings in the courts
| .“(2) That offictals shall recetve such sala-
j punishment for

ries for service and such
away with the

bribery as shall tend to do
present corruption of courts

“(8, That all temple ritea, worship an
{dolatrous rites as a condition of holding civ
and military office be abolished,

“If these reforms can be accomplished w
belleve that the welfare of Chinese people wil
he promoted and that better relations wi
be established bet ween Chinese and foreigners.

We are also of the opinion that in claim-
ing indemnity from the Chinese Government
adequate allowance shall be made:

(1) For loss of time caused by the Boxer
disturbaneas

‘(2) For all travelling expenses, {nelud-
' Ing those to and from foreian lands, which
have been incurred through these disturbances,
anc the order of the Government to misslon-
aries to leave China
| “(8) For future rise in prices in bullding
material and labor,

“(4) For rent of premises until new ones
ean be bullt

“(6) For Uterary work destroyed *

WANT TROOPS TO LEAVE PERKIN.

 

| The Reason the Chinese Court Does Not Re-
turn to the Capital,

WASHINGTON, Oct. &—What amounts to an
appeal of the Chinese Government that the
allied forces be withdrawn from Pekin was
delivered to the State Department this morn-
ing by Minister Wu Ting-fang, in the form of a
| telegram from Viceroys Liu Kun-yth and Chang
Chih-tung, who are to assist Li Hung Chang
and Prince Ching in the conduct of the peace
begotiations The telegram was sent on (Oct.
4 by the two Viceroys to the Chinese Minister
at St. Petersburg, from whom it was received
from Minister Wu last evening. It is as
follows:

“The departure of their Impertal Malesties
for Shenst province) was due to distressing
conditions at Taiyuen-fu. There is a scarcity
of food supplies in the Province of Shenail,
on account of long continued drought, and the
provincial capital (Taiyuen) la almost deserted,
the tradespeople having left on account of the
disturbances caused and continued for months
by the Boxer rebels, who had invaded that
province with the encouragement of Governor
Yu. Their Majesties, therefore, were obliged to
proceed to Shensi, where telegraphic communi-

cation with Shanghai and other parta of the

empire is opened and rapid communication
with their Majesties may, theretore, be carried
on. Thus court and official business may be
transacted more expedi ously by their pres
ence in Shensi rather than in Shansi,

“The reasons for the temporary postponement
of thelr Maje-ties’ ret irn to Pekin are the prea-
ence of the allied forces thera, on account of
which solicitous fear Is doubtiess entertained,
besides a dread of the outbreak of epidemio
diseases which usually follow after great dis.
turbances, destruction of property and mili-
tary operations. It is hoped the Powers will be
considerate in their judgment in this matter.”

 

 

This Government May Demand the Panish-
ment of Gen. Tang Fa Halang.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 8—It is evident that
this Government is anxious to have{Gen.
Tung Fu Hsiang severely punished = for
his participation in the Boxer disturbe
ances The report that he was
a large army in the interior of China bronght
out the suggestion to-day that Tung Fu Hsiang
was preparing for his own protection and not
to assist the Chinese Government, From what
was said to-day in official circles, it is apparent
that the United States will demand that an ex-
ample be made of Tung Fu Haslang, if he fs
caught. “He has lived long enough,” said
one officer.

 

Ganboat Nashville on Her Way to Hankow.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 8.—The gunboat Nashville
arrived at Stakwan, China, yesterday, Sheis

interests,

ACKRON JURORS CALLED UP.

 

Prosecutor Cross-Examines the Men Who
Voted for Acquittal,
Assistant District Attorney Walsh, who

Se ene

had charge of the prosecution of Charles E.
Ackron in General Sessions upon a charge of
grand larceny, had before him yesterday Jurors
)

rsa essere SSS

raising |

jin Gouverneur Hospital,

continued the
He finally found a supply
and after refreshins himeel! returned with
water to Hanna, whom he found unconselous
and a mo-tdead, After being without food two
days Hanne and Herman were discovered by @
cowboy wandering aisles ly about.

ceed at night, but Herman

 

ENGLISH ENDLESS PRAYER CHAIN,

It Is Proposed by Temperance Women to End
Lord Salisbury's Career.

INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 8.—Mra. Mary E. Batch,
who atarted the endless prayer chain against
the redlection of President McKinley, received
a letter to-day from Mrs. Playel, a worker
in the cause of temperance in England, saying
that the English women had determined to
start an endless prayer chain in that country
for the retirement of Lord Salisbury. Mrs,
Playe) said that Lord Salisbury {s opposed
to temperance, and that she believes the Chris-
tian women of England will take up the move-
ment. She adds that she has written to Lady
Henry Somerset, President of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union of the World,
asking for the official indorsement of the or-
ganization of the project.

 

NOT MUCH FIGHT LEFT IN BOERS,

Statement by the Commander of the Scouts,
Who Has Sarrendered.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Loxnpon, Oct. s.—The War Uflice
ceived the following despatch from
Roberts, dated Pretoria, Oct. 7

“The Naval Brigade leaves for Cape Town
to-day.

“Edwards, commanding the Boer ascouta,
has surrendered at Kragersdorp. fle said that
the Boer forces have been broken up and have
pot much fight left in them. The scattered
rernnants are getting tired of the war.”

has fe
Lord

 

LAW RUDIMENTS AND REMNANTS,

 

School Corridors Full of Debris After
Two Classen Met,

There was a lively time last night at the New
York University law school, Waverley place
and Washington Square, where the annual
class fight between the first year students and
the second year men of the evening division

occurred, After Prof. Erwin had delivered
a lecture to the first rear men, they proceeded
to effect an organization, while pickets did
duty at the doors to keep the second year

law

nen out The latter battered down the
oors just as the first yeur men ad-
journed A battle followed between the
rival classes, about 125 studenta taking part
Umbrellas were freely used and black e) es
and bloody nores become plentuful. The

first year men say they routed their seniors,
after halfa hundred umbrellas and hate had been
emashed. When the battle ended the corridors
were strewn with torn law booka, collars and
neckties and broken umbrellas

 

MAN'S BODY THROUGH THE CEILING

He'd Fallen From the Roof and the Airshaft
Floor Was Lath and Plaster.

Mrs. Leopold Uswald was in her room on the
ground floor of $13 East Forty-eighth street
yesterday morning when with a crash a great
square of plaster fell on the floor and a man's

leg protruded through the laths and plaster.
The ceiling of Mra. Uswald's room formed the
bottom of the airshaft between the two tene-
ments at $18 and 811.

Mrs. Uswald screamed and grabbing up her
two little children ran upstairs. Looking out
of the window she saw a man jammed into the
hole in the floor of the airshaft A policeman
was called and the man was taken out dead.
He was Thomas Godsill of 811 Bast Forty-eighth
street. His daughter said he had come home
intoxteated and after quarrelling with his
wifehadthen goneup to theroof. As thera was
a wall around the roof the peace say that the
man must have Jumped off deliberately.

   

MISS WOOD!

Stemographer Took Morphine Instead of a
Cough Mixture—She Is Discharged.

Miss Alice Woods, the stenographer, who
recently, as alleged, made an attempt to ki!l
herself with morphine tablets in the presence
of Dr. H. A. Hill, a voung physician, with whom
ahe was tn love but who declined to marry her

on account of the oppostion of his mother,
was arraigned vesterday before Magistrate
Worth in the Gates avenue court in Brooklyn
She testified that she had taken the morphine
in mistake for a cough mixture she was using,
and de-ared that, although she had much
cause for worriment she had no de<ire to die
Dr. Hill deseribed the incident and said he
feit sure that Miss Woods had taken the poison
by mistake. She was discharged,

 

SEEKING “LEADVILLE JIM."

Woman [e's Supposed to Have Shot Dead
~—Fellow Panhandlers Locked Up,

Mara Engelhardt, who was found

scious with a bullet in her hea‘ in the rear

room of the panhandlers’ lodging house at

73 Delancey atreet on Sunday, die! yesterday
Late Jast nicht the
lice hacn't found her friend, “Leatville Jim”
Munro, whom thev suspect of the shooting,

rnceone-

' Five other professional Bowery panhandlers,

on her way to Hankow to look after American |
; committe! to

‘Brien and Bormann, who it is said, are the |

two jurors that voted for acquittal O'Brien

told Mr. Walsh that there waa no truth in any |

statements that any one had attempted to
tamper with him and that he opposed Ackron's
conviction because he didn't believe Ackron
guilty, Bormann said that no one had talked
with him either, but that Janitor Koch of the
flat in which he lives had told him that some
one had called to see him last Monday night
upon important “personal business,” and had
| gone away without seeing him.

Use Platt’s Chiorites Freely About
the bouse that bas becn closed during summe!.—Ads,

ereae

 

@& woman ani four men, who are believe! to
now something about the shooting have been
the House of Detention by
Coroner Zucca as witnesses,

EMMNFT BADLY

 

RICHARD §&. HURT.

 

The Aged Lawyer Breaks His Hip by Falling
From a Chair,

New Rocneur, N. Y, Oct. &-—Richard
8. Emmet, aged 80, of the law firm of Emmet
& Robinson of Wall street, said to be the oldest
practixing lawver In New York, fell from a
chair and broke his hip last night at his home
in Pelharn road. He ts in a critical condition.
About one year ago Mr. Emmet met with a
elmilar accident in New York in which the other
hip was broken Ile is a lineal descendant
of the Irish patriot Robert Emmet

Summit House on Mount Tom Barned.

Honyoner, Mase., Oct. 8 —The Summit House
on Mount Tom was destroyed by fire to-nig¢!t
Loss, $60,000, Jully covered by insurance.
Piesident McKinley visited the hotel last
season,

that |

Hanna, cousin |

 

FOUR KILLED AND FIFTBEN WOUNDED
IN A POLITICAL ROW,

 

Several Mlandred Shots Fired at Guayama
—Pollee Attrcked by the Mob and Re-on-
forcements Summoned From Other Towns
~The Rioters Are Now Under Control,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

San JUAN pe Ponto Rico, Oct. &—A de
spatch to the News from Guayama says there
was a serious political riot at that place last
night and that the fighting was resumed te
Several hundred shota were fired and
at last accounts four persons had been killed
and fifteen wounded.

The police, while attempting to quell the
trouble, were attackei by a mob armed
sticks, stones, machetes and fre
volvers, The mob was reénforced to-day by
100 men from Arroyo, Fifty additional polloe
from other towns arrived at Guayama at noom

day

with

to-day,

There have been slightdieturbances {n Arroyo
and Guayama for three days owing to the
election excitement and to the Interference
of the insular police in meetings tn the citlea,
At last accounts the riotera were practically
under control,

 

 

GOLD FIELD SQUATTERS,

Manner tn Which the Rich Siberian Depostts
Have Been Plandered.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
LONDON, Oct. 0.—A despatch froin St. Peters.
burg to the Times records a striking instance
of the manner in whlch the gold deposits along
the rivers beyond Lake Baikal are constantly

plundered by adventurers. A Jus
tice of the Peace from Chita, the
trans-Balkal district, with seven cosaacks

and other attendants, went to the valley of
the Kerolan in the Lena basin, where private
claims were marked but not occupied, They
found a prosperous and free community of
gold seekers occupying elghty-mine tents and

shanties which stretched for nearly three
miles along the banks of the river,
They had all the tools necessary
for the work and large stores of

provisions which had been brought there partly
on rafte and partly by reindeer, and which were
being sold at enormous prices The majority
of the people decamped on the appearance of
the authorities Three hundred who remained
were orly induced to leave after about twenty-
five had been arrested

The Justice of the Peace left a few days later
whereupon the diggers returned in greater
force and defied the Cossacks to interfere with
them. More Cossacks were sent to the place
and an attempt was made to confiscate the
goods and provisions, but the miners made a
plea that there was danger of starva-
tion and asked to be allowed to carry
off their supplies, promising to leave, Inas-
much as the miners outnumbered the Cossacks
greatly and were too well armed to admit of
harsher treatinent this was agreed to and all
of the diggers were let go

Engineers describe this region as extraor.
dinarily rich, sometimes yielding half a pound
of gold to a ton and a half of sotl. It is cal-
culated that nearly a ton and a half of gold
has been removed by the adventurers in two
months.

COPS GET BOY CAVE DWELLERS.

Harlem Band of Four With Dime Novel In-
stincts Locked Up for Burglary.

Four amal!l boys who live in the nelghbor-
hood of 199th street and Amsterdam avenue
discovered a cave at 116th street and Morning-
side Drive about five weeks ago and im
mediately organized themselves as the “Boy
Cave Dwellers of Harlem" and went to live in
the cave. Last night they were arrested for
burglary .

On Sunday niebt the boys’ provisions ran out
and they decided to forage about and renew the
stock. They went to the airshaft next to the
grocery store of Mrs. Mary Kerzenlacher at
1457 Amsterdam avenue and boosted one of
their number through a window. He Passed out
to the other three boys all he could findin the
st reand they could carry in the way of ham,
bologna, cheese, tongue, canngd corn beef and
crackers. A lot of canned goods was also
taken. The plunder was carried to the cave.
The boys then had enough provisions to last
them a month.

But Mrs. Kerzenlacher reported the robbery
to the police ond last night Deteotive Enright
of the West 126th sireet station descended upon
the cave and most of the Boy Cave Dwellers
were locked up ina cave with bars on the door
in the basement of the police station. They
were [Henry Smith, 14 years old; Thomnas Hur-
ley, 11 years old. Joun Warren, 15 years old,
three of them said They were all locked up
because the police beliewed they were older
than they sald, George Carroll, who sald he
was 14 years old and looked it, was sent to the
Gerry society's rooms,

 

 

 

LAST RITES IN THE RAIN,
Administered to a Man Mortaliy tnjared While
a Crowd Stood With Bared Heads,

An elderly man who held his umbrella go that
he was unable to see an approaching wagon
was knocked down and run over at 9 o'clock
last night at Ninth avenue aid Twenty-fifth
street. [le was carried to the sidewalk and an
ambulance was summoned from the New York
Hospital. To the policeman who summoned
ihe avbulance ‘he injured man sad he was
cobu MeAvoy of 327 West Thirty-seventh
street

“i'm afraid I'tn dying,” hesaid. ‘Will some
body g» fora priest?’

ju tthen a pr cst stepped out of the crowd,
Knee ing on the sidewalk in the rafn beside the
injured ran, he administered the last rites of
thy Catvolic Church, whie the crowd stcod there
with uncovered hea_s. The man died at the hos.
pital five m nutes after being taken there, The
police found thet he was not known at the ade
dress he had wiven

The driverof the wagon, Edward Mount, of
90) \Wext Iwenty-eihth street, was locked up
in the West Twentieth street stailon,

PATERSON MAKES

 

CONCESSIONS,

Grants All the Citizens’ Committee Asked For
to Retain the Rogers Works,

Prrrson, N.d., Oct. 8 —The Board of Aldere
men teok formnal action in the Rogers Locomoe
tive Works matters to-night by granting the
request of the Citizens’ Committee for the vacae
tion of Pine street provided the city is | ndemni-
fied against damages, and also expressing
Willingness to sei! the (vanhoe Mill and to allow
freight to be hauled through the streets at night
by steam power under such legal restriction
as Are necessary for the proper protection o
the city Ali these are on the conditions pre-
cedent that the Citizens’ Comunittee obtains a
definite and bon’ fide proposition for the pure
chase and continued operation of the works,

 

ASHORE AT NAHANT,

Parts of the Decks of a Steamer and of a Coal
Barge Cost Up on the Beach,

Ros Ton, Oct, &.—A quantity of wreckage came
ashore at Nahant this morning and from appear-
ances the timbers must have been parts of two
entirely different What is evidently
part of a steamer's deck was Cast up by the ide
on Bass Point The planks and beams are
comparatively new and the surface is litle

worl

A second piece of wreckage, presumably part
of the deck of a barge, Came va
King's Beach, Swampsooth -

WRECKAGE

vessels

Ke

“tae

~~

me >
ee a

a
oo

oe ewer ee

—

Ss eT ie

-