ory

12

 

ee

 

(ip FLINTS FINE FURNITURE ip

Flint Facilities ‘W

Q Your home is the main teaching of your life—no amount of
outside teaching can help forward the love of beauty and
truth in form and in color one-half so much as the harmoni-

ous arrangement of the rooms in which you live.

@ George C. Flint Co. requests the privilege of submitting color
schemes, sketches and estimates for the decoration of houses

and winter apartments.

Q Special importations and weavings of Oriental, French and
English floor and wall coverings, draperies and upholstery
fabrics, and exclusive designs of American manufacture, are

now on view.

@ Our Studio and Factory Facilities enable us to build, from
the drawings of our own designs, special Furniture of the
highest excellence, at moderate cost.

GEO C. FLINT Co

WEST 237% STREET

 

  
           

Tuxedo Coats
and Vests,

Regularly up to $26.00,

§ / 5.

Dress Coats, $15.50

- offered for the first time.

Men’s Full Dress Clothes,

For Wednesday and Thursday Only.

Or, sold  separately--Tuxedo Coats, $12.50; Full

All are faultlessly beautiful in

finish and many are silk lined. The materials are Ger-

man crepe and unfinished worsted; including every

necessary size—even “shorts” and “extra longs.” °
We purpose discontinuing several numbers (wool-

ens), which accounts for the ridiculously low price at

which Smith, Gray & Co. Full Dress Clothes are

Smith, Gray & Co.,

THREE STORES

BROADWAY at 31ST ST., NEW YORK.’
FULTON ST. at FLATBUSH AV., BROADWAY at BEDFORD AV., B'KLYN.

Full Dress Coats
and Vests,

Regularly up to §32,00,

518.

 

James McCreery & Co,

Ladies’
Italian Silk Underwear.

2d Floor.

Kialfian Silk Vests, Drawers,
Corset Covers, Combina-

tion Suits and Under Petti- |

coats—embroldered —floral
designs or trimmed with
lace.

The ‘*‘ Tante-ma-til’’ Corset
Cover with high neck and
long sleeves, to be worn
with guimpe dresses.

On November the 8th.

Italian Silk Corset Covers,
trimmed with silk lace.

1.50

value 3.65

Wests,;—embrolidered in floral
patterns.

2.7%

Twenty-third Street.

 

SSS as
‘DUG INTO CHOLERA GRAVEYARD.

Excavators Find Remains of Bodies Which
Were Buried tn Quicklime.

The New York Central excavation for
jts new yards passes at Forty-eighth and
Forty-ninth streets through the old pot-
ter’s field in use in the '40s and '50s of the
Jast century. For a year every new out
bas brought up rotting coffins, bones,
gkulis, and in some cases whole todies.
Two weeks ago acoffin containing the skele-
ton of a woman was dug up. The hair
avas black and still had some gloss, and it
made a tangled mat as far as the kneecap.
One strand, which a workman pulled out
and measured for curiosity, was seven feet
Jong. All such bodies which are anywhere
‘pearly intact are sent to High Bridge for
yeburial.

Last Saturday a stexm shovel was put on
a new cut at Forty-ninth street, on the
pwestern edge of the excavation and near
the point where the old New York Centrai
roundhouse stood, It struck a patch of
eoft earth and began to send up small frag-
ments of hones, These pieces were curi-
ously pitted, and there was not a whole
thightoneamongthem, A partof a skull
was the biggest piece discovered,

The workmen of the O'Rourke Contract-
ing Company, who are becoming experts
on human bones, began to examine the re-

ains. The pitting was caused by quick-

ime. Pieces of slacked lime were dug out
of the pits. There were only a few Frage
ents of coffins, These bodies must have
een buried in ahurry andin aheap, While
they were talking this over, the shovel un-
covered another proof—the rotted shoes of
man, taining a few tones, and a num-
er of oon antedating 1848.
This bU@ had been buried in such @

,

¢

 

James McCreery & Co,

Upholstery Department.

4th Floor.
On November the 8th.

Sale of Lace Curtains, Por-
tieres and Couch Covers.

Renaissance and Cluny Lace
Curtains. White or Arabe
color.

1.85, 2.50, 3.75
and 5.50 per pair

usual price 3.50 to 8.50

| trish Point Lace Curtains, in

French ‘‘period’’ patterns.
White, ivory or beige.
6.50, 7.50 and 8.50
value 10.00 to 16.50
Renaissance Bedsets, with
deep lace trimmed valance.
Spread and bolster with
large lace motif. Allsizes.

5.50, 7.50 and 9.75 per set

Reversible Portieres of bro-
caded Armure. Various
designs, including simple
Colonial patterns.

5.00, 6.50 and 8.75 per pair

1000 Pin Cushions—square
or oblong—trimmed with
lace and ribbon.

1.25, 1.50 and 1.75

Twenty-third Street.

a ane ne sted tenet re ee servers an anenahereeenemeY veneer Ea

 

 

hurry that they had not prepared it for
burial, hen some of the Irish workmen
remembered what their fathers had told

   

 
    
   
 

 

 

them about the great cholera epidemic of

1849. ‘They had dug into the pit® te whic
the Board of Health used to warry by AH
the day's harvest of dead and bury them in
quicklime, In fact, a proof of these night
burials came out of the ground in the shape
of a tin torch such as is Used now in political
Processiona,

The cholera epidemic of 1849 is nearly for-
gotten in New York, It struck the
early in the summer, and caused a panic
within a few days. Five Points was a
pesthole then, and it was the centre of the
epidemic, A building at Monroe and Pear!
streets was turned into a hospital by a
specially appointed sanitary commission,

As the epidemic grew the schools were
closed ana the buildings became cholera
hospitals, In these institutions 1,021 per-
sons died before the end of the summer.
Many more died in the holes of Five Points.
The death list was estimated at about 3,000,
Asin the great London plagues, the authori-
ties took c cht the disposal of all bodies.
A feeling against cremation kept the au-
thorities from,burning the bodies, as was
done in old ndon,

ra)

city |

“THE SUN,

  

 

 

   

 

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER. 8, 1905.

ov Wrsuasty dir Store Closes at 6 P, M. ot Yiwnaly Sin.

te

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.

 

B’wayat 6thAv

 

 

hood indicate the wisdom of that move.

 

| for the masses.

a visit entails no obligation to buy.

 

——_—-_—-—---

Basement.

a1 UTTING an initial on

 
 

through our decorating shops.

| quality

| at $30.00; sale price, . ° ‘ : 3 : :

are unequalled. Typical offerings:—

Theodore ‘Haviland Dinner Sets,

price

| A p R, H, Macy & Co.'s Attractions Are Their Low Prices. |

34th to 35th St.

MACY’S— Te Original department store, and now the larg-
est retail store under one roof in the world.

| MACY’S Pioneers in the “uptown movement.” Store-
building operations in the immediate neighbor-
A new shopping centre—
best and most convenient in the metropolis—has been created.

M ACY’S— Recognized leaders in New York merchandising.
Copied and followed—but never equalled,

‘MACY’S-—Stet CASH: Treat alike the million and the
millionaire. Macy's UNDERSELLING SUPREM-
| ACY will never be jeopardized while competitors continue to see-
| saw between credit and cash—credit for the favo d few and cash

WV IQ—A splendidly equipped and splendidly stocked store,
| MACY S full of interest for you, even if you donot havea

single article to buy. Greatest stocks of Fall and Winter merchan-
dise we ever displayed in November are ready. Co

me sight-seeing, |

| Dinner Sets Initialled to Order:
For the Thanksgiving Dinner.

each and every piece of ware in the
set requires time—a week or so before we can get the set
Orders placed now will be
completed in plenty of time for Thanksgiving Day.

The sets are made up of 100 pieces of fine white porcelain —perfect
ware selected from regular stocks; decorated with neat gold lines
| and finished with gold initials to order; similar sets valued by others $9 47

Our Assortments of Decorated Dinner Sets and Open Stock Sets

Limoges China Dinner Sets, 101 pieces, purple floral decora-
_ tions and gold stippled handles; elsewhere $18.00; our price

| Austrian China Dinner Sets, 100 pieces, green floral decora-
tions and gold stippled handles; elsewhere $16.00; our price
112 pieces, dainty blue
floral decorations, every piece gold clouded; elsewhere $35.00; our |

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

  
    
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
    
  
     

   

 

812.98
$12.97

$24.87 |

 

 

ce a RADICAL
Fashion Change in Millinery

Preparatory to the Horse Show

 

 

Fashion demands alert-
ness. in her devotees. Style

changes loom up over
night, and all that has
been, becomes obsolete,
by the mere wave of her
wand. ,

Paris has hurried the new
thought tous. Caroline Reboux
is the dictator. Small hate are
the dictum. ' Satin hate, lace
hate, velvet hats, fur hate—rich
with the glint of silver and gold,
in flowers, braids and bands.
Ostrich plumes and aigrettes
lend daring effects and delight-
ful charm. The tilt forward
from the back of the head is still
decidedly in evidence, and front
brime are short or flaring up-
ward.

But very much more than
generalities of shapes are tho
touches of artistic genius that
each hat exhibite—rich, exquis-
ite materials, bewitchingly ar-
ranged, harmoniously combined.

 

 

 

Theodore Haviland Dinner Sets, 112 pieces, pink floral dec- |
orations, edges gold stippled, handles full gold; elsewhere $40.00; our
price . $28.97 |

Open Stock Dinner Sets. |

We show over one hundred different patterns in open stock |

Dinner Wares. From these you can buy single pieces to replace |

broken ones or to build up a complete set at your leisure; or you can
buy full sets.

Our stocks of China, Glassware and Bric-a-Brac, on display

and accessible for selling, are larger than the combined stocks |
of all the other department stores in New York City. |

 

[FR

| Pure Drugs and Medicines.
Pep URITY ~ QBsCLUTe PURITY —we consider far more |
| important to you than the certain saving these sale prices |

| | —eeaneemenens
| |jaaces; Mean. Many of the goods listed below are products of our

~ own laboratory—made by skilled chemists. We guarantee

| them broadly, the guarantee being based UPON RESOLUTE
PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE INGREDIENTS used.
So far as the products of otMer laboratories are concerned, we

| assume no responsibility. The guarantee of the individual manu-

acturer is all we have to offer. Recent revelations by reputable
publications put various patent medicines in a very unfavorable

light. Our guarantee concerns only our own laboratory products.
TARAS REET RTs TER SLUR ETE Peete ee

 

 

 

 

W. L. DOUGLAS

THE
BEST

FOR...

$320 SHOES ten
<— W. Le Douglas makes and
sells more men’s $3.80
shoes than any other mafie

ufacturer in the world. .

$10,000 virrere hi’ stitement.
ea
W.L. Douglas $3.50 shoes have
by their excellent style, easy fit-
ting and superior wearing qual-
itiés, achieved the largest sale of
any $3.50 shoe in the world.
They are just as good as those
that cost you $5 to $7 — the only
difference is the price. If I could
‘ take you into my factory at
ef | cee. | Brockton, Mass., the largest in
te <z\ Ee ease ||] vuyyStelre. sac] the world under one roof making
A ors men’s fine shoes, and show you
the infinite care with which every pair of Douglas shoes is made,
you would realize why W. L. Douglas $3.50 shoes are the best shoes
produced anywhere,
If 1 could show you the difference between the shoes made in my
factory and those of other makes, you would understand why Douglas
$3.50 shoes cost more to make, why they hold their shape, fit better,
wear longer, and are of greater intrinsic value than any other $3.50

shoe on the market to-day.

AS GOOD AS $7.00 TO $65.00 CUSTOM SHOES.
“'y have worn the UW. L. Douglas $3.50 shoe for the past tweloe yeare. Find
them to be just as comfortable, more etylish and wear just ae long as custom

made shoes that cost me $7.00 to $8.00."'
MARTIN KELLY, 103 E. 113th Street.

BOYS SHOES, $2.00 AND $1.75.
Just the same as my men’s $3.50 shoes, the same
leathers, for $2.00 and $1.75.

Only Fast Color Eyelets used; they will not wear brassy. ‘
CAUTION. — None gerping without W. IL. Douglas name and price stamped on bottom.
Take no substitute. Sold in W. L, Douglas exclusive show stores in the principal cities, and

by the best shoe dealers overywhere, Catalog of Fall Styles mailed free.
W. L. DOUGLAS, Brockton, Mass.

W. L. Dougias Shoe Stores in Creater New York: ‘
433 Broadway, corner Howard Street. 356 Sixth Avenue, corner 22d Street.
ane Brag Way corner RAL 345 BHighth Avenue.

53 Broadway, corner 14th Street.

1349 roadway, corner 36th Street. BROOKLYN.
1447-1449 HKroadway, corner 41st 8t. 708-710 Broadway, cor. Thornton St.
95 Nasaau Street. 1367 Broadway, corner Gates Avenue
250 Wost «25th Strect, 42] Fulton Street, corner Pearl Street
074 Third Avenue. 404 iifth Avenue,
2202 Third Avenue, cor. 120th St, JERSEY Cr'fy—18 Newark Avenue,
3779 Third Ave.. bet. 146th & 147th Sta. NEW ARK — 785 Broad Street.

EVIDENCE OF TWO TODD WILLS. |

   

  

   
   

Wr OOUGLAs _
$350 «
SHOE

    
 

 

follow the taking of this additienal testi-
mony,

Mr. Radcliffe,
Assistant District Attorney Nott @ oon-
siderable portion of the afternogn, reiter-
ated most emphatically his statement con-

District Attorney's Office Busy Yesterday
Investtgating Woman's Death,
While

mosb of the other departments

of the city and county gov ernment were | cerning the disclosure to him by Lookwood
closed yesterday on account of the election, | of a second will.

the District Attorney's office continued its “I have been in business a great many
investigation of the Margaretta Todd case, | Years,” said Mr, Radcliffe, “and it is @ part
A stenographer took statements from Bea Ue to examine closely the
several witnesses, ingluding, it is believed, Parasite, Far Panee dlatteak ot hedta, “Ore
Sinclair Tousey, George Gordon Hastings | aceount of the violent nature of Mrs. Todd's
and P, W. Raduife, manager of the Stephen death | examined even more closely than
Merritt undertaking establishment. The | Usvil the credentials brought by Ingersoll

investigation will be continued to-day, | Lockwood and I am certain the will be
J howed made
when many more witnesses will be sworn. | eae Toaeey wee Cet, in 1008 and

It is altogether probable that arrests will | A roliable man, who has not previously
seal +12 ik aman mars da

eli dak Wie Wye Tice tte oe
i pipe tine tom nine neni OP NN Tey ST ee

  
   
     
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
    
  

who was in the office of |

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
 
   
  
    
   
   
 
  
 
    
   

 

f

Another Group of Charming
Paris Costumes Has Just Arrived .

i

First Shown This Morning.

women who are planning Horse Show toilettes.
Second floor).

signed at the Horse Show functions next week.

 

Overcoat That Can Be Made

Will find the best collection he ever clapped his eyes on, at
WANAMAKER’S today.

We've had a reputation for the best ready-made clothing
known to the trade, in past years; but we went farther than
ever this season—thought we were going to have the magnifi-
cent‘new store and would have to provide a stock worthy of it,
The store was not ready—the Clothing is. Handsomer
Overcoats were never shown in any stock anywhere, than you'll

find at WaNAMAKER’s today.
If you feel prosperous—if you want to look a little better

than the crowd—if you want to put right on your back as hand-
some an overcoat as the bes% tailor can make, come to Wana*
MAKER'S and look at those.

” Luxurious Overcoats of genuine French Sedan Montagnao, of the highest
grade (the same manufacturers make two grades—this is the heavy one);
piped with Lyons silk velvet; sumptuously lined with best silk serge; made
with the utmost care in every detail. Coats unknown, except at about
double their cost, in the swellest tailor shops. Tho top notch of warmth
and elegance. $60.

Handsome Surtout Overcoats, made of extra fine Cambridge velours;
double-breasted, beautifully tailored; lined throughout with heavy silk
Merveilleux. The most graceful and stylish overcoats made—§$50.

Very smart Cambridge gray velour Sack Overcoats, 46 inches long; lined
throughout with heavy silk Merveilleux, at $45.

48-inch Overcoats of black diagonal bird's-eye cheviot, lined throughout
with rich black satin—the perfection of dress—$50.

Luxurious Overooats of dark Oxford-gray velour, lined throyghout with
fancy quilted Merveilleux—rich, warm, splendidly made—$50,

46-inch Overcoate of ait black striped velour; lined throughout with
satin de Chine, with hand-felled edges. Dressy and warm. $46.

Every other Overcoat requirement, down to the best overcoat in New York

The Man Who Wants the Best

 

 

 

 

  

The Provident Loan Society
OF NEW YORK.
? LOAN in any amount from $1.00

10 beso rayon pledge of personal property, such |
as d{amon pofand other precious stones, jewelry |
watches, chains, silverware, clothing, furs, &o.

INTEREST RATES: 1% 6 month on 6u
under + on sume of $260 and over at rate
10% per annum: op loans rep!
4

aid within two weeks
) aid in Instalimente.
LOANIN OFFICES: 279 Fourth avi cornet

ood et.: 186 Eldridge st., corner Rivington= 19 West

42d 8t.; 105 Fast 125th st.

Separate Women's Department.

oI

James McCreary & Co,

Oriental Rugs.
On November the 8th.

|
ey ~ |
figured in the case, will go before Assistant | 500 antique, and modern
Hii Riorey, Nar ectay gee jeg | Daghesten and Shirvan
bh sock W' im e Mrs.
fiearal that he’ had two wills in hts pos- Rugs.

16.50 and 18.50

formerly 25.00 and 30.00

session, f aA

“He told me,” said this man yesterday:
“that one of these wills made hirn executor
and that he was a witness to the other will
whioh made Mrs, Touseys executrix.

The Distriot Attorney's Office, it was an-
nounced yesterday, is working in harmony
with the prosecuting attorney’s office in
Philadelphia. Whatever evidence of con-
spiracy is discovered here will be forwarded
at once to Philadelphia.

American Murdered in Mexico. STOLE PRINCESS'S GRAVE GUWN.

Mexico City, Nov. 7.—News has reached | It Was of Buckskin Ornam 000
here of the murder of Charles Neuhaueer, Ec Teeth and Wats bless m

   
   

Twenty-third Street.

 

formerly of Chicago, at the San Saidro D

Hacienda, of Salen f xn ul gar Misshea Okla., Nov. 7.—Six weeks

The young n of Robert mana- Elizabeth Pendle

ager of t “Property, is accused of the Pendleton, asin aoe io. Sheyenne
ndiane, and herself as @ princess,

The Exhibition is refreshing in
originality, delightful as a pre-
sentation of things beautiful,

Just in time to present their dower of latest Parisian beauty and newness upon
(They’re exhibited in the display case,

Another important announcement of Paris Costumes today: The price of every
French Costume of this season’s importation is now reduced a third, so that there may be no
price-excuse for these elegant gowns not giving the beauty service for which they were de-

———

 

City at $15. Second floor, Fourth Avenue. Becond floor, Tenth street.
Formerly HN Broadway, 4th Ave.,
A. T._ Stewart 9th and 10th
& Co. a ® Sts.

Millinery Salon,
Second floor, Tenth Street.

Second floor, Broadway.

Boys’ Reefers
Boys’ Sutts
Boys’ Top-coats

At $5
—and Merit

$5 ie not an unusual price—it is a
popular, sensible price.
But these are not five dollar gar-
ments.
The Reefers Are Worth $6 Each—
Fine chinchilla and frieze. Sizes
for§to12 years. $6.
The Sults Are Worth $6.78 Each—
Exoellent mixed cheviots. Norfolk
(acne with two pairs of trousers.
Made to stand a healthy boy's activ-
ities. Sizes for 10 to 16 years. $5.

The Top-coats Are Specially Made—
Of high-, e frieze; unusual in
Poteet ays and finish. Sizes
for 7 to 16 years. $5.
Second floor, Ninth street.

$3.75 to $4.50
Nightgowns, $2.50

Not many—you couldn't expect
many such chances,
The kind of nainsook that has a
silky feel—the fine, sheer kind. All
trimmed with lace and ribbon, many
with hand-embroidered yokes. Low

neck.

A little soiled—but, of course, you'd
send them to the , anyway.
Clear gain, then:

$2.50 each, regularly $8.75 to $4.50.

  
  
 
  
  
  
    
    
  
  
   
   
 
 
     

 

 

 

 

 

James McCreery & Co,

On November the 8th.

Taffetas Silk Petticonts.
Excellont quality,—all the
fashionable colors for eve-
ning and street dress, as
well as black.

5.00 and 7.75

Twenty-third Street.

|
(Att eee eenar re: eeeeremunn semanas Ken nee ean erent re A

died and was buried in barbaric splendo!
Her body was olothed in a buckski0

dress, ornamented with over 1,000 elk tee!

$1,500. Yesterday it was “§

covered that ‘the grave had been opened

and the dress stolen. Search is being made

or it all over the Territory and descriptions
ve been sent broadcast.

_——_ ey