WITTE MOVES 70 SAVE JEWS,

PISUISSES GOVERNORS OF THE
DISORDERLY PROVINCES.

|
|
|

 

His First Act as Premier in Sapport ‘of
tis Declorations—Fears That , Efforts
to Carry Out Reforms Will Be Defeated

M. Shipoff to Go Into His Cabinet, |

From THE SUN Correspondent at St. Petersburg.
PETERSBURG, Noy. 7.—Count Witte's
first act as Premier--his appointment being
vazetted to-day—was to dismiss the gov-
enors of elaven provinces where the anti-
semnite outrages have | een the worst.

It is understood that M, Shipoff, formerly
president of the Moscow Zemstvo, has ac-
cepted the post of Comptroller of the Empire.

‘The National Assembly will be composed
«f 600 members, elected on a mixed basis
of property, education, class representa-
tion, rental qualification of $240 per annum,

r that of official salary of $600, In the
ipital there will be twenty-five labor repre-

ST

sentatives. ALL holders of high school
jiplomas will have a vote.
Lonvpon, Noy. 8.—The St. Petersburg

correspondent of the Daily Mail, referring
to the threatened armed rising, says that
the Democrats are determined to precipi-
tute it before the National Assembly meets
in January. Subscriptions for arms are
pouring in, The outward quietude does
not deceive Count Witte or Gen, Trepoff,
Count Witte, whose heart is failing be-
cause he knows the task of saving the
autocracy is almost impossible, fears that
Russia will split into separate autonomist
Speaking to the zemstvoists, who

stutes

remarked that the people no longer trusted

the Government, he said: “No, they would

not trust it now even with Christ assist-

ing it.” |
The Odessa correspondent of the Standard

rays it is trustworthily computed that |

15.0l0 Jews have been massacred in South-

Hussia, and that 100,000 have been
inded.

English correspondents represent Count
Witre's position as daily becoming more
diftieult. It is asserted that the Czar is
not supporting him, and that powerful
court including Count Ignatieff
aid many other prominent reactionaries,
are ;lotting to procure his downfall, The |
moderate Liberals do not cooperate with
the Premier, declaring that the duma must
be converted into a constituent assem! ly.
Other demands are made by the extrem-
ists and must be granted before affairs can
be settled. Count Witte’s resignation is
predicted.

ern
we

cliques,

 

MANY VOTES STOLEN.

Judge Fischoff Nearly All Day Refused
Mandamuses in Repeater Cases.

In the majority of cases brought to the :
attention of the Supreme Court Justices
who sat inthe Count Court House yesterday,
the complaining electors were men who had |
found on going to the polls that some one
else had voted on their names early in the
morning. In at least thirty such cases
electors sought to enforce their right to vote
by mandamus. Owing to the action of
Justice Bischoff, before whom the cases
were argued, only a few got writs.

Justices Amend and Greenbaum were on
hand in chambers to grant orders directing
the election inspectors to show cause why
the complainant should not be allowed to |
vote, and the orders were made returnable
before Justice Bischoff. The latter, how. |
ever, decided early in the day that he had
no power to grant writs in such cases, and |
it was not until after 4 o'clock that the |
assembled lawyers, working for all parties, |
managed to convince him that he had the |
power. In the few cases remaining, where
the complainants had not gone to vote till
late in the afternoon, Justice Bischoff
granted the writs and the complaining elec- |
tors went off rejoicing. In several in- |
stances, however, the lawyers on ieralns
of Justice Bischoff’s first ruling hurriec
over with the disgusted elector to Brooklyn,
where Justice Dickey was sitting. Justice
Dickey granted the writs in every instance.

Kvery tvpe of elector was represented
among the men who sought relief, Jerome
men, Republicans, Hearst men, and even
good Tammany men, were there, and in |
everv instance they said that the election
inspectors, in refusing to let them vote, |
had teld them they were no worse off than |
ocbers in their election districts. Ofcourse |
not every man who has the time or the |
Vv to apy eal.

There were laborers, professional men
tramps. The array of legal talent
sented all the nariies,

When Justice Ki choff tnade his first de-
cision, in the case of Denis F, Connor of 27
Fas’ Twenty-seventh street, the lawyers
were aiasmed. Several of them pleaded
nd arvued personally with the Justice to
his decision, but in vain. Later it
\ decided to make a test case in the
and the ease of John Nicholas

 

 

MtLemoon,
| snot 00 West Fiftieth street, a well todo |
elect in the Fifteenth Assembly district, ,
ied over by The MeManus, was

{i toed,
in got an order to show cause, which
erved on the inspectors, and his case
i

Be.

‘ gued before Jusiice Bishoff at 4
vu! N.eanwhile the Jret'ey had been
iy authorities. All ihe tawyers |

wen! into bear the argument, and

i hy leased surprise that they heard
» Bicol announce that he had
ed tis mind and‘would grant the
wiih an order to the inspectors to ,
k lie poll list so as to indicate that |

nis vote had been aocepted by man-
aous. Ea an fairly choriled for joy,
hurried off, just in time to vote.

Copies of a similar order were hurriedly
‘ yh and sitned tor the other voters who
bad watved to see the result of the test case,
About half a dozen of them scampered off
to vo'e by mandarnus,

Ihere was about the ordinary number
of cases where tnen had been refused a vo.e
because of defects in the poll lists concern- ,
in’ their addresses or names. These were
ai! allowed to vote.

 
 

BAYONNE GOES REPUBLICAN.

For the First Time in Ten Years She Selects
a Mayor From, that Party.
Bayonne, N. J., for the first <ime in ten |
years, elected a Republican Mayor, Pierre |
hr, Garven, who defeated John C. Dempsey

vy A® votes. ‘Lhe normal Democratic
inajority is from 800 to 1,000, Hyman
Lazarus, who has been Recorder ten years,

reelected. He is a Democrat,
Hepublicans indorsed him. ‘This angered
the Democrats, who recalled their nomi-
nation of him and substituted John, A.
Warnock, a Republican, who had sought
1s party nomination, Lazarus carri
city by 2,000. The Republicans will
control the Council.

BOERS GETTING THE %15,000,000,

Was

|
|
The |
|
!

the

Some Dissatisied With Distribution of the
Repatriation Fand.
special Cable Despatch to THER SUN |
JOMANNESBURG, Nov, 7.-—The distribu- |
tov of the free grant of $15,000,000) prem- |
-e | the Boers by the treaty of Vereeniging
a! the close of the Boer War for repatriation }
and other kindred purposes is now pro-
eeding, Some of the recipients are dis- ;
it-fial because p evious advances are
leiucted fron the sums they receive, as
they had expected to be allowed to repay
tuch advances at their own convenience.

 

  

| of age.

| an assistant

ed | accurately represent

Spanish Anarchists Arrested at
burg, Which He fs to Visit.
‘ Spectal Cable Despatch to'Tae SUN
BERLIN, Nov, 7.
ung ways that three Spanish Anarchists
were arrested at Magdeburg to-day on
suspicion of being implicated in a plot to
kill King Alfonso when he visits 'Magde-
burg on Thursday to review the regiment

of which he is honorary Colonel. ‘

Magde-

The prisoners came from Paris, bearing |
passports issued by the Eouadorian Consul |

there,

 

——_—+ =

VASSAR GIRL DROWNED.

ody of Emily Ensign Found tn the Coii¢go

Lake--Probabty a Suicide.

POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y,, Nov, 7.—From the |

waters of Vassar College Lake, a few feet
from a steep bank on the west side, where
the lake is very deep, the lifeless body of
Miss Emily Ensign of Youngstown, Ohio,
a member of the freshman class of Vassar
College, was taken this morning by em-

ployees of the college who had been drag- |

ging the lake with grappling hooks for
hours under the direction of Mrs. Kendrick,
the principal of the college.

Whether Miss Ensign committed suicide
has not been definitely ascertained, but
circumstances point that way. If so it is
the first incident of the kind in the history
of the institution.

The body when taken from the water
was fully clothed, and it is possible that
Miss Ensign, while in‘a dazed and bewil-
dered condition of mind, may have mis-
taken her way from the college to her
boarding house and started around the lake,
which is bordered by a wide walk. Her
watch and a book were found on the bank
a few feet from the border of the lake at
the point where the body was discovered.

Miss Ensign was about 17 years old. She
was graduated with honor from the Royal
High School at Youngstown. Soon after
beginning her work at Vassar College she
became despondent and homesick. She
had a fear that she could not keep up in
her subjects. Three weeks ago her mother
left her after staying a month with her.
She said that her daughter had had a similar
attack of depression several years ago.

After the departure of her mother, Miss
Ensign’'s classmates noticed that she was
more melancholy than usual. She wrote
home repeatedly for permission to return.
Her mental condition may have been further
affected by severe headaches, with which
she was often afflicted and for which she
was accustomed to take phenacetine
powders sent to her by her father, a drug-
gist of Youngstown,

Miss Ensign left her boarding house at
2 o clock yesterday afternoon. She passed

the afternoon in the library at the college |

and was last seen at 5:30 o'clock studying
in one of the alcoves. At dark she left the
college and walked directly to the lake.
The body of Miss Ensign was found in
less than seven feet of water about twenty
feet out from the shore. Near shore the
water is only a few inches deep, and as Miss
Ensign is of medium height she must have
waded out on the sloping bottom ten or
fifteen feet before finding water deep
enough to cover her head. Coroner Self-

| ridge could find no marks or bruises on the

body, and said he was sa isSea that death
was caused by drowning. He will not
have an autopsy performed on the body
unless Brune hy the girl's parents, who
are expected here to-night. He will
discuss the suicide phase.

Mrs. Kendrick, the principal at Vassar
College, thinks the drowning was neither
accidental nor designed. She believes that
Miss Ensign became dazed by headache
powders and wandered into th» laka,

YouNnGstTown, Ohio, Nov. 7. ~Miss Emily
Ensign, the student at Vassar
who was found drowned in the college
lake this morning, was a daughter of Charles
Ensign, a prominent druggist of this city.
It was her first term at the college, and Miss
Ensign, who had never before n away

not

from home, became homesick, and, though |

girl companions from this city tried to
cheer her up, she cortinued melancholy.
Her mother recently visited her, and she
said she would remain until Christmas,
hoping she would improve. “ Pray for me
mother,” were the words in a letter received
Jate yesterday by Mrs. Ensign, the mother
of the dead girl. Miss Ensign was 18 years
She was talented, being an artist
of some ability, and stood high in her
classes,

ONLY

Senator Lodge's Personal
Wins—Gutld Has 20,000.
Boston, Nov. 7.—Massachusetts to-day
elected a complete Republican State
ticket, giving Gen, Curtis Guild, Jr., the
candidate for Governor, a plurality of 29,-
435 over Gen. Charles W. Bartlett, and ap-
parently electing Eben S. Draper a3 Lieuten-
ant-Governor by 3,942 votes over Henry M.
Whitney, the Democratic reciprocity can-

didate.

The result of the balloting for second
place was in doubt until late at night, and
at 12 o'clock, although the figures indicate
Draper’s election, the people at Whitney
headquarters do not admit defeat.

Draper came to Boston with about 27,000

3,942 FOR DRAPER.

 

 

' plurality, while in Boston Whitney had

about 25,000 to the good.
The 43,000 Republican reciprocity voters
that the Whitney people have been talking

about for some time evidently did not all }

vote for the Democratic candidate, althotigh
there is no question about some of them
knifing Draper while marking their ballots
for Guild.

For some time the indications were
that Whitney was elected, but as the even-
ing wore on Draper began to make a better
showing and finally some of the news-
papers announced his election, while others

stood out until the very last for Whitney. |

The Legislature is strong!’ Republican.
The biggest surprise of the balloting is
the election of John B, Moran as wistrict
Attorney of Suffolk county, which includes
witbin its borders Chelsea, Winthrop and
Revere, Moran ran upon nomination papers
against Michael J. Sughrue, who was nom-
inated by both the Democratic and Republi-

can conventions, and noone for the moment |

feitthat Moran had a look in for the office.
The returns inaicate that he wins by
about 5,000. Mr. Sughrue has been Dis-

| triet Attorney since the death of Oliver

Stevens, a fow weeks ago, through appoint-
ment from Goy. Douglas, and was to hold
office until this election. He was formerly
under Mr.
day's election was to fill the office for Mr.

Stevens's unexpired term, which has stil! |

two years to run,

Boston Democrats were dumfounded at
the results and the leaders seem not to un-
deratand why Gen. Bartlett should have
been so badly knifed by those who voted
for Whitney. Asa matter of fact the Demo-
crats voted in large numbers for Guild, and
while the Republicans stood by the nominee
for Governor they cut the candidate for
Lieutenant-Governor. Mr, Whitney made
a much better showing in Boston than did
Crosby last year. The latter's plurality
was a little short of 16,000.

Mr. Whitney to-night said:

“I believe that the result of the voting
on the Lieutenant-Governorship does not
the full strength of
the views of the people of Massachusetts
touching the question of reciprocity and
tariff revision. ’

“Many Republicans who at heart and
as a matter of judgment ure with us on
these issues find it difficult or impossible to
break away from their sentimental attach-
ments to their party. They have shirked
their duty to their city and State and will,

in my judgment, live to regret it, if indeed |

they do not already regret It.”

 

Kubelth Coming With the Twins.
Spectul Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nov. 7.--Jan Kubelik, the vio-
liniat, will make shortly a tour of the United
States. Mrs. Kubelik and the twins will
accompany him.

  

PLOT TO KILL KING ALFONSO.

The Magdeburger Zeil-

College |

Enemy Nearly |

Stevens and to- |

 

THE SUN,

  

| JEROME MEN WILD WITH JOY.

| BAND AND ROOTERS SWARM INTO
THE GILSEY HOUSE.

| Drag the Candidate Out to Make a Speech
and He Tells Them That He Has Fought
on the Issue Linooln Made—Ivins
Congratulates Him Before He's Ready,

The scenes in and about the Gilkey House
from 10 o'clock until 1 o'clock this morning
were of a sort to make the human heart
swell itself to bursting. It wasn't that
Jerome was elected. But the Bossa had
been downed. Out of the gloom of defeat
} came the certainty of victory.

Mayle somebody knows where the band
came from. No! ody in the Jerome head-
quartera did, But it came tooming off
Broadway into the Gilsey House corridors
—they had been only partly filled during
the evening—and behind the band came a
compact mass of the American people, red-
faced and oren mouthed, of all sizes and
shapes. They screamed and howled, The
band played “The Star Spangled Banner,”
and the great crowd in the corridors and out
in Twenty-ninth street and Broadway made
| the chorus ring until the floors seemed to
| sway with the melody. Then they sang

“America” and “Dixie,” and “The Star
| Spangled Banner” again.

A line of policemen was fighting to keep
the front of the mob from breaking into
Mr. Jerome's room, A committee pene-
trated to him and coaxed him out to the
head of the big stairway. He stood there
looking down in a joyful tumult of crazy
congratulation. Men stood on one an-
other’s shoulders, on the desks, on settess,
They swarmed over the cigar stand and
the telephone booths.

Mr. Jerome lifted his hand, and the cheer-
ing, pandemonium before, was doubled.
Mr, Jerome raised his hand again and they
were still. He spoke for two minutes or
more, hoarsely, and with a voice shaken
with feeling.

“Abraham Lincoln,” he said, “said for
us ‘Right makes might; let all of us do our
duty as we understand it.’ He gave as
one queation, our issue forty-five yearsago.
We have fought that issue. However the
| votes may be counted—it has been a clean
j cut fight and a good fight—the people's

fight, not mine.”
| The crowd faded away, urged by the
| police. But more crowds followed. At
;

 

1 o'clock Assistant District Attorney Rand
dragged Mr. Jerome to the stairway again.
This time the speech was even briefer.

“No one knows that it is not William
| Travers Jerome that you are cheering
| [cheers]. If it be true, as it seems to be
' ture, that you have given me your trust

again, I promise you that I will serve you
with the best service that is in me.”
Mr. Jerome waa still at the Gilsey House
with a hundred or more friends at 2 0’clock.
Mr. Jerome }ad dined at the Gilsey
House, where his headquarters have been.
His assistant, Mr. Gans, gave a dinner
there of about twenty people, with Mr, and
Mrs. Jerome as the principal guests. The
others were people who have been intimate-
ly concerned with Mr. Jerome's fizht.
Things were very dismal about the Gilsey
House for the first half hour after returns
began to come in. Mr.Jerome was about
the only one to face the figures witha smile.
He said to those nearest to him that he felt
as he had said all through the campaign
_ he would feel, “I have done my little best;
the issue has been clean and the fight has
been clean. Ican rest without mourning.”
But when the tide of returns turned
and the Gilsey House parlors outside of
‘his offices |egan tO cheer and how! like
mad as the reports of Jerome's clim? ing
up on Ostorne were read off, the crowd
in the inner room, where Mr. Jerome was
‘sitting, cheered up. The cheerfulness in-
creased in successive waves, At last the
multitude demanced Jerome until they
; got him. He faced the mob in the outer
i parlor ahd said:
| “My friends, I do not know quite how
to thank you for this demonstration of
good will. - It can hardly be anything more,
for the returns are not all in yet. But at
any rate we have had a good fight. It has
been a clean fight. It has been made by
the people. It is a fight that will travel,
no matter what the final result of the election
nay be. I thank you."

A little later Mr. Jerome was called to the
telephone by Mr. Ivins. From Mr. Jerome's
end of the conversation it was gathered that
Mr. Ivins was trying to extend congratula-
tions. Mr, Jerome said:

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 8,

   
 

|
|

|

 

 

 

 

f

JEROME WATCHERS SLUGGED,

i, De Forest Baldwin tn a Hot Fight —Hob-
ert Granger Knocked Out.

The ugliest incidents of the day on the
East Side occurred at 27 Chryatic street, a
polling place where Senator J, J. Fitzgerald
made his headquarters. Two years ugo
Senator Fitzgerald was arrested at that
polling place by Citizens' Union Special
Policeman Kelly, Fitzgerald has never
forgiven Kelly or the organization to which
Kelly belonged. He had hard feelings also
toward Charles O. Brewster, a lawyer at 42
Wall street, who was the Jerome watcher
at that place and has done similar work
there for several year.

Robert Grangor, who lives at the Hotel
Alabama, in West Eleventh street, was an
outside watcher at this polling place. Hoe
was engaged in an argument by a Tammany
man at about 90’clock. The Tammany man
walked with him about a hundred steps
away from the polling place. A third man
hit Granger in the back of the head with a
slungshot. He fell and as he fell both
men kicked him in the face and ribs. Ten
or fifteen others piled in on top.

By the time that the police from the poll-
ing place got into the mélée Granger was
unconscious and his face was covered with
blood. An ambulance was called from the
Gouverneur Hospital and he was taken to
that institution and put to bed. He was not
seriously injured, it was said at the hospital,
but was probably marked for life.

Mr. Brewster was very pugnacious over
the attack on Granger and said hard things
to the police for having allowed the assault
to ocour, A Jerome worker, who was
making the rounds in a cab, sent word
to the Union S uare headquarters that
in the interest of a yeaceabl) election
Mr. Brewster should be called in, H.
De Forest Baldwin, one of the principal

ounsel for th Jerome committee, was
sent down to relieve Mr. Brewster.

When Brewster started to leave the
polling place, Baldwin called him and
said:

“I am going to walk to the car with you.
I don't think you are quite safe in this
neighborhoo .

They had not gone half a bloc | efore
Mr. Baldwin’s judgment was verified.
A passerby sw ng around quickly and hit
Mr. Brewster over the ear with a blackjack.
He went down and out like a log = Mr.

aldwin jumped at the assailant. In five
seconds the prostrate man and Mr. Baldwin

| \ ere the centre of a crowd of thugs, who

were kicking and striking at both of them.
A man with brass nuckles landed on Mr.
Paldwin's foreh ad, remo.ing a out a
square inch of skin. Fortunately it Ww sa

| glancing blow

) marka.

Mr. Baldwin went down, but sprang up
immediately, pulling Brewster with him.
Brewsier was groggy but game, and the
two stood back to back and struck straight
from the shoulder.
and the yolice came and helped Mr. Bald-
win support Mr. Brewster to a drugstore,
where his wounds were dressed,

Mr. Baldwin called Chief Inspector of
Police Cortright on the telephone at Police
Headquarters and made pointed re-
In five minutes a squad of twenty

 
  

lance of his office furnitur:.

| third

The crowd fell back |

! stayed until the next morning.

men in charge of two roundsmen arrived |

from Police Head uarters and for the rest

of the morning and afternoon none of the |
Senator Fitzgerald supporters was allowed |

to do more than to growl every time they
passed a man with a Jerome badge.
Mr. Baldwin went hack to the polling

' place and remarked very quietly that if
' the duties of a watcher involved fisticuffs

he was perfectly willing to oblige, but that
he hoped the police would stand by and see
that he got a fair show.

“I don't care for brass knuckle kind of |

fighting,” he added.

The Citizens’ Union sent down
special policemen to help Mr. Baldwin
to get a fair show for the rest of his time.
At about the time that the counting of the
votes began Mr. Brewster showed up
again with a patched face. He said he
wasn't ready to acknowledge that any
amount of thug work would scare a Jerome
worker away from the polls.

The indefatigable Mayer Shoenfeld, who
organized the Jerome volunteers and
did great work in teaching thousands of
Jews how to split their ballots for Jerome,

three |

toured the East Side all day, distributing |

thousands of cigars to Jerome enthusiasts
At several other places on the East Side,

| notably along Henry street, in Boroigh

' up after the count was over last night and |

“Il want to say, though, that you have |

made a crackajack fight. It was a won-
derful fight you made against all the o -
stacles yo! bad. I'm rather surprised ty
Broo lyn, tio igh. Thank rot, | hove sa.
Nov yet, but thank you, anyway.”

ROOSEVELT 70 BIBLE SOCIETY,
His Greeting Read at British and Foreign
Organization's Centenary Meeting.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THR SUN

LONDON, Noy. 7.—Lhe British and Foreign
Bible Soctoty helc
thanksgiving meeting, it being the closing
| of the society's centenary commemoration.
Messages were read from King Edward,
Emperor William, King Oscar of Sweden
and Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands.

Ambassador Reld spoke briefly on religion
| in the United States. He pointed out that
although religion forms no part of the
American Constitution and receives no
State support, yet the United States had
| had few great leaders, hardly more than
‘one President, who were not avowedly
| religious men. Mr. Reid read the follow-

ing:

OYSTER Bay, Sept. 29,
| My DEAR MR
' you send my hearty congratulations to the
British and Foreign Bible Society at ita cen-
tenary thanksgiving meeting? | trust the
gathering will stimulate worldwide interest
in the translation and circulation of the Bible
] feel certain that all having the good of
mankind closely at heart will feel for the
society's efforts the sincerest sympathy and
good will. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
LADY FLORENCE DinXitte DEAD.
Famous as Novelist, Explorer and Cham-
pion of Woman's Rights.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 7.--Lady Florence Dixie,
poet, novelist, explorer and champion of
woman's rights, died to-day at the age
of 48. x

Lady Florence was the daughter of the

1875 Sir Beaumont Dixie. She was a noted
traveller, exploring in 1878-79 the unknown
wastes of Patagonia.

During the Boer war of 1880-81 she acted
as correspondent for the London Morning
Post. Her works were accounts of her
travels, novels founded on her experiences
in foreign lands anda “Defence of Zululand
and Ita King.”

She was a fine rider, shot and swimmer,
but long ago foreswore the gun and wrote
much and earnestly against the “horrors”
and “mercilessness” of “sport.”

 

 

Kaiser Plans Mediterranean’ Trip.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

BERLIN, Nov. 7.--The Tageblatt says that

| the Kaiser will make a six weeks trip to the

in Albert Hall to-day a , i
| eratic candidate

| men escorted out of the East

| known in this city for Mayor was

AMBASSADOR: May T through |
| Sutherland is leader in Yon

Marquis _of Queensberry and married in |

Mediterranean on the imperial yacht Hohen-
solemn next February and will visit Itely
s

\

President Ahearn’s district, ugly threats
were made against Jerome watchers, and

they were told that they would be done !

when they had started for home. Shoen-

feld and the man with him, who represented |

the Union Square headquarters, made
arrangements in all cases to have these
Side when
their work was over by policemen.

LANDSLIDE IN) YONKERS.

Coyne, Democrat, Is Elected Mayor by a
Majority of About 1,300,
YONKERS, Novy. 7.

for Mayor, was elected
over Judze William G. Kellogg by about
40 maiority. The larvest majority ever
798 for
Walsh four yea:@ avo. Coyne carried his
entire city ticket with him, and gives the
Democratic candidate for County Treasurer

a majority which may elect him
Mr. Coyne has teen a Alderman for
several years and was selected as the candi-
date by the Democrats as « last resort,
after the nomination had been 1efused by
about a dozen others, His opponent,
Judge Kellogg, has been City Judge for ten
years and was considered a strong man,
he was backed by the very Kepubi can
wrganization of which County Clerk Leslie
kare, and Na-

 

tional Committeeman William lL.
the county leader. John E, Andrus, Re-
publican, has been Mayor for two years,
and the result is no doubt directly due to
dissatisfaction with his administration
and with the Republican machine,

A special fight was made against George
N. Rigby, who was the Assemblyman from
this district last session. His vote to retain
Judge Hooker and his opposition to the
insurance investigation were the issues, and
he was defeated. A Democrat, Woodson R.
Oglesby, a New York lawyer and a member
ariha Seventy-first Regiment, will succeed
Rigby in the Assembly.

WOMEN FED JEROME WATCHERS,
Sandwiches and Plies and Cakes Distributed
by Wagon and Automobile.

The Woman's Municipal League sent out

Ward, |

A landslide took place |

here to-day when John H. Coyne, the Demo- | ‘
: xhall not go beyond twenty-eight rounds, ;

 

ten wagons and as many automobiles yes- |

terday to convey hot coffee, homemade
sandwiches and pies to the Jerome watchers
at all the polls throughout the city. ‘The
women did not go personally with their
refreshments, but sent the goodies by
small boys and chauffeurs, ;

There were cheese sandwiches, salud
and chicken and ham sandwiches and
some with tasty devilled stuffa in them.
There were also pies of every description.
Three thousand dollars was spent in this
work, and in addition to this there were
great quantities of good things contributed
xy the women and by hotels and restau-
rants. There was not so much as a piece
of bread left over at the headquarters for
distribution at 31 Union Square and at 111
East Twenty-third street. Miss Margaret
L. Chandler and Mrs. Henry Villard were
in charge of thie work.

) Puleston

1905.

 

No business man should be
indifferent to the quality and appear-
The
critical time is in the buying. Not
only quality and appearance, but
price as well is as right at my store
as it is possible for any one to make
all three.

CHARLES E. MATTHEWS,

OFFICE FURNITURE.
275 Canal St.—One Door East of Broadway

Telephone 1299 Spring.

 

 

BRANGH KILLED IN FIST FIGHT

FATAL BLOW GIVEN BY NAVAL
CADET MINOR MERIWETHER.

 

 

Rattle Had Been Arranged Under the Acad-
emy Code for the Settlement of Personal
Difrerences—Operation for Removal of
Blood Clot From Brain Made Too Late.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Nov. 7.—Naval circles
are deeply affected by the death of Mid-
shipman James R. Branch, son of Col.

James R. Branch of the Hanover Bank |

of New York, which occurred here at 10
o'clock this morning.

Young Branch was injured in a fight
with Minor Meriwether, Jr., a member
of the class just below him, which took
place Sunday night.

He recéived an injury to his brain and
an operation performed last night by Drs.
Finney of Baltimore and Kerr of Washing-
ton failed to relieve him.

His injury, it is stated, was received
by striking his head against a piece of
wood as he was knocked down.

[t is now definitely known that the fight
took place Sunday night back of the car-
penter shop in the Academy grounds. Meri-
wether is believed to have been the chal-
lenger, having taken umbrage at Branch,
who had, in the line of his duty, reported
him for some small infraction of ihe Aoadeny
regulations.

Sranch was a second class man and Meri-
wether belongs to the third class. Both
youths have tnade reputations as athletes,
and the battle is said to have been bloody.
Branch was a fine wrestler, boxer and gym-

| nasium athlete: one of the best at all three

branches in the academy. Meriwether
was a little the heavier, and though a class
below Branch, a few months older, each
heing in his twentieth year. Meriwether
is a track athlete, having won several sprints
in Academy meets, and has also played
football on the scrub and class teams. He
has a reputation as a fist tighter in similar
affairs to jis last.

The fight came to an end in the twenty-
round, when Branch sank to the
ground. His companions, not knowing
the extent of his injury, and wishing to
evade punishment for their share of the
affair, carried him to his room, where he
It is very
unlikely that this could have been done

 

SS ——

had not the midshipman in authority on !

the floor countenanced it. It proved to
be a fatal mistake for the unfortunate
youth, as Dr. Finney who operated said
that his chances would have been far better
if prompt attention had been given.

Monday morning he had relapsed into
semi-consciousness and it became albso-
lutely necassary to inform the authorities.
He was taken to the Naval Academy Hos-
pital and a consultation of the

medical |

staff determined that a surgical operation |

was the only means of saving his life.
the time his whole left side was paralyzed
and his mind was not clear,

The operation. was performed early
in the evening. The right side of the skull
was opened and a clot of blood was re-
moved, The operation was accompli hed
successfully and.for a time it was hoped
that the patient would recover, notwith-
standing the fact that the operation was
undertaken later than it aHould have been.
However, toward morning young Branch
sank rapidly and never
sciouURNeSS,

The father of the dead midshipman is
Col, James R. Branch, an official of the
Hanover Bank of New York city, and secre-
tary of the American Bankers Associa-
tion. The family has, up to a few years
ago, resided in Richmond, Va., in which
city and its vicinity they have many rela-
tives. Col, Branch was in the hospital
during the operation, and Mrs. Branch,
the youth's mother, arrived before his
death. He was their only child.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 7..-While no official
report has been made on the case, the Navy
Department was to-day informed from
Annapolis of the death of Midshipman
James Robingon Branch as the result of
injuries sust#ined in a fight with a third
class man. Officials here a
of the midshipman, but sav that the ad-
viees indicate that his death was purely
accidental. It was said that probably
nothing more than punishment for fighting
could be inflicted upon Midshipman Branch's
opponent.

The fight was evidently one of the pre-
arranged affairs common at_both the naval
and military academies. The fight went
twenty-two rounds, and was fast and furious
throughout. The actual cause of death
wa: not a blow but the bursting of a blood
vesse] from overexertion.

The custom of fist fighting between
midshipmen is old at the academy. There
isaregnilarly established code, and whenever
there ts ill feeling between two of the young
ofticers a fight is arranged, Sometimes
it takes place in the quarters of one of the
midclies. The code requires that the fight

regained con- |

At |

eplore the death |

Gloves are generally used and Marquis of |

Queensberry rules prevail.

INDIANA TOWN ELECTIONS.

Democrats and Republicans Break Even,
but te Latter Win Indianapolis.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind,, Nov. 7.—City and
town elections were held throughout Indiana
to-day, and under an act of the last Legis-
lature the off.cers elected will hold for four
years instead of two, as heretofore. The
Gontests in many of the cities of the State
were very animated, and returns to-night
show that the honors are pretty evenly
divided, though the Democrats have made
gains in some nctable instances,

For two months the most bitter contest
that was ever carried on in this city has been
in progress, but to-night it ended in a de-
cided victory for the Republicans, their
nominee for Mayor being elected by at least
1,500 majority. Mr. Bookwalter, the Re-
yublican candidate, was opposed by many
Re yublicans, but his Democratic opponent,
John W. Holtzman, present incumtent,
failed to poll the full party vote owing to
dissatisfaction with his appointments.

Out of fifty-five cities and towns reported
from the State the Republicans have car-

|

ried twenty-five, Citizens’ tickets have been |

elected in ten and the Democrats have won
in twenty.

ASK PLACE ON EQUITABLE BOARD.
British Potleyhelders Discuss Affairs of
the Soclety.

Speeiat Cable Despate® to Titk Sux

Lonpon, Nov, 7. -A meeting of British
policyholders in the Pquitable Life As-ur-
ance So iety was held to-day. Sir John P,
presided. Sir Willam Mather
made a long sperch. iventually a resolu-
tion was passed recommending that a Brit-
ish policyholder should hive a place upon
the Loard of dire tors of the co npany, It
Was also sugyeste | that Che British reserve
fund should he vugineited and invested in

British colonial securities,
Cube Lifts Quarantine Against Fiortda,
Special Cable wspaich to THE SUN

ty,
Havana, Nov. 7. ~the Govcrnment has
declared Key West and
in view of the decrease in the yellow fever
at those places, ‘| hrough passengers from
the United States travelling by way of those
parts to Cuba may land in Havana without
undergoing quarantine, provided they em-
bark at once.

“ampa clean ports |

|
|

\

 

 

 

  
  

   

| Men’s Ales’ Hye" Suits
| and Overcoats, $15.00 to $46.00

Are shown in new and exclusive effects of the season's accepted
shades. Cut both single and double breasted.

Neill & Co.

 
   
 
   

  
 

i | ‘Best Style’’ clothing is synonomous with correct shape and fit and
made of a select quality of materials.

bockers,

|
YOUTHS’ SUITS OR OVERCOATS,
$5.98 to $18.00 |

BOYS’ SUITS OR OVERCOATS.
$2.98 to $15.00

—_—_——— edict

 

 

 

Blankets, Bed Spreads, Comfortables,
Muslin Sheets and Pillow Cases

   
    

 

 

J
Boys’ Suits—Norfolk coat and either regular trousers or knicker-
|

Regular, 2.75, 3.25, 4.00, 475, 5.50 )
Special, 2.19, 2.50, 3.25, 3.75, 4.25 |
COMFORTABLES-~—Special at 95c, 1.50, 1.85, 2-00, 2.39 each
WHITE BED SPREADS —Special at 95c, 1.10, 1 39, 1.75 each.
HEMMED SHEETS~—Special at 49c, 55c, 62c, 67C, 72C each.
| HEMMED PILLOW CASES—Special at 9c, llc, 12hc each.

BLANKE 1s Per Pair

 
      
 

    

 

 

     
 

    

 

20th to 21st St., N. Y.

Sixth Avenue,

 

 

W&J. SLOANE

Broadway & 19th Stree

YA

   
 
 

IMPORTED and DOMESTIC
WILTON CARPETS

For Reception Rooms: Plain colors and Two-
tones in delicate shades of pink, blue, sage-

green and French greys; floral patterns in
light shades.

For Dining Rooms: Oriental designs in Persian,
Turkish and Indian effects in rich colorings,
reds predominating.

For Libraries: Oriental and Two-toned effects,

strong colorings.

For Hallsand Stairs: Plain colors, Small Designs,
riental, Two-tone and All-over effects in

reds, tans, greens and blues.
For Sleeping Rooms: Plain colors, Floral, Two-
tone, Delft and Morris effects.
Novelties of merit will be foand in our new stock of
Wilton Carpets.

    
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
      
      

 

 

 

 

To Los Angeles

Over the Shortest and Quickest Line
Via Denver, Scenic Rockies, Salt Lake Route

Daily tourist sleeping car service from Chicago in connection with
the new Salt Lake Route (S. P., L. A.& S.L. R.R.). Connect
ing cars from St. Louis three days each week.

Cars go thro’ Denver, Colorado’ Springs and Pueblo over the
Denver & Rio Grande R. R., passing the incomparably grand
scenery of the Rocky Mountains in daylight. They stopin Salt
Lake City for several hours, affording opportunity for sightseeing,
and then leave over the Salt Lake Route, skirting Great Salt Lake,
passing thro’ picturesque Utah and the orange groves of Southern
California. ,

No other tourist service to Los Angeles is more convenient and no
other affords such splendid opportunities for sightseeing.

Tilustrated literature and detailed
inforination free for the asking.

W. J. O)MEARA, Eastern Passenger Agent,
379 Broadway, New York,

 

 

 

 

Tc.

REAL WHISKEY

FREE BOTTLING OR
IN. BOND. BOTTLING

ALWAYS THE BEST

PURE—OLD—MELLOW

SOLD EVERYWHERE
H. B. KIRK & CU, Sole Bottlers,
NEW YORK.

Distillery, FRANKFORT, Ky,

 

 

 

ee

Se ee

IT SS LS A

See

Se
ee eae

sarees

SGA TT RRA RATERS TE OREM

RA

erat Oe

ete TEI

Pee

Sales

oan Saad nae

Ta oo

SPUR PLP > SE at Me

FST

'

fi “ ¥
i} fa
i

ae

eo ee

A a ee

wes

~ ae are

ee