ee

aa a

 

=

Din tenn mre

 

 

Subscriptions by’ Mall, Postpaid.

 

 

 

DAILY, Per MOmth...csceseeeeseerseres .., 60 50
DAILY, Per Year.......... leubaaton ‘6 00
GUNDAY, Per Year...ci ci ccecesereee 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year......:..5:5 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.....-.0++ 70

Postar) to foreign countries added.

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, Im the Borough of
Manhattan, New York.

Se

Uf our friends who favor us with manuscripts for

publication wish to have rejected articles ret urned, they

 

 

 

must tn all cases send stamps for that purpose.
giecenealiaileensinies benbesones i eased esaSenee Soe eee aaa
The Mayor and the District Attor-

ney,

We congratulate the community upon
the outcome of the election, New York
will be a better town for it. The whole
country will be better for it. We have
shown that we value our self-respect;
that we value our liberty und that we
possess the qualities necessary to the
preservation of liberty.

No fool, no knave.
Shall rule this town.

At least put it down that if a fool or a
knave is to rule us he shall do it only be-
cause we wish him to rule. He cannot
be imposed upon us with the bludgeon
of a Boss,

Never before in our history did a de-
cent man claim the suffrages of his fel-
low citizens to be met with such a storin
of base contumely and vile abuse as that
which fell upon Mr. MCCLELLAN, Never
before did a brilliant and distinguished
public servant surmount and crush 80
brutal and ruthless a conspiracy as that
which sought to destroy WILLIAM TRAV-
ERS JEROME. The people love them for
the dangers they have passed.

Mr. JEROME, with the confidence and
affection of the whole people of New
York, will be sustained in new activities
on behalf of the common welfare; and
as to Mayor MCCLELLAN, who has been
reelected upon the platform of his own
personal character, he owes no obliga-
tions save to his fellow citizens and him-
self, and will be a more effective and
valuable public servant than ever.

 

Our Emancipated Mayor.

Mr. McCLELLAN has been elected
Mayor of New York because the people
believe in his integrity. An immense
vote was cast for him by Republicans.
Their motive was twofold: they wanted
to express their execration and detes-
tation of the scoundrel who bas degraded
and disgraced their party, and they be-
Meved that Mr. MeCLeELLAN would make
if reelected a better Mayor than ever.

These Republicans have a heavy claim
upon Mr. McCLeLLAN and they believe
he will discharge it. They want him to
recognize that he has been elected not

by Tammany but by the respectable |

and law abiding citizens and taxpayers
of this great city.
in the community that Mr. MCCLELLAN
owes the trust that has been confided

' to him for the next four years and not

to any Jack Pudding in Fourteenth

Street.
We helieve that Mr. MCCLELLAN will

not disappoint them in any particular.
He is purged of his Tammany disabili-
ties just as thoroughly as if Tammany
had led him to his defeat instead of
failing todefeat him. He has a splendid
opportunity and we believe he has both
the disposition and the ability to grasp
and realize it. THE SUN supported him
heartily in spite of his identification with
Tammany, and it did so because he is an
honest and cleanly gentleman who can
never bring reproach upon either his
friends or himself.

 

Cassidy.

The cownfall of JosEPH CasstDyY in
Queens was one of the most important
victories won by the people at the polls
yesterday. It is true that he was but
a little boss, a petty dictator in an out-
lying borough of the greater city, but if
anything he was the most arrogant boss
and the most corrupt boss of
bosses who have set themselves up.
He plundered without ruth, he defied
-public sentiment at every step and he
took no pains to conceal the sources of
his ill gotten prosperity.

€asstpy laughed at the people and
sneered at their desire for honest gov-
ernment, and now he is ignominiously
kicked out.

The Black Man's Century.

Mr. ISHAM RANDOLPH, one of the con-
sulting engineers of the Panama Canal,
writes that at least 24,000 men will be
required on the canal as soon as the
new work begins, and that the demand
is greater than the supply, Secretary
of War Tart said in a recent report that
much of the work thus far had been
done by Jamaica negroes, but it will not
he easy to secure all the labor required
from that island. It is hoped that sat-
isfactory labor may also be obtained
from Porto Rico,

In one of his addresses the other day
President ROOSEVELT spoke of the won-
derful growth of manufacturing in the
Southern States and advised the South-
ern negroes to remain at home, where
there is employment for all their ener-
gies in the work of agricultural and
industrial development.

We shall hear in a few weeks of the
completion of a railroad, seventy-five
miles long, around a series of rapids in
the upper Congo. Steam transportation
by river or rail up the Congo will be
lengthened, through the completion of
this road, from 1,400 to 1,700 miles above
the Congo mouth. Four thousand Congo
natives under white superintendence
have been at work for nearly a year
building this railroad.

The world is now girdled with enter-
prises whose purpose is to develop the
resources of the tropical belt and make
it contribute its share toward the wealth
and wellbeing of its own and other
races. Wherever the black man lives
in this zone he is regarded as a necessary
factor in the work, and his opportunities

'

It is to that element |

all the |

are multiplying every day to gain pro-

ficiency in common labor and the

mechanical industries. ;
The civilized world declared at Brus-

: | sels fifteen years ago that the negro

| should no longer be hunted and sold

| into slavery. In-the old slave hunging

| regions of central Africa he is toMlay

| being taught to make brick, build houses,
grade roads and bridge rivers, His
chance has come. There is work enough
for him and he is needed. His success

| will depend Upon his own character and
capacity for development.

During the war in South Africa the
British Government paid the negroes
| high wages for service in the army, and
after the return of peace these men re-
fused to go back to gold mining because
the wayes were smaller. The Chinese
who took their places were good and
willing workers. The negroes made a
mistake, and some day they will see it.

It has been reserved to this century to
hold out opportunity to these millions
of people.

 

The Case of the Fictitious Goelet.

Two years ago this autumn one J AMES
N. ABEEL attracted a large degree of
public attention unto himself in this city
by breaking his engagement to marry
a young telegraph operator named
ELEANOR ANDERSON and‘ deserting her
on the very day appointed for their
wedding.

The girl entered into the engagement
under the false impression, artfully
created by ABEKL, that he was J, OGDEN
‘GOELET, a prominent member of the well
known Goelet family.

On Wednesday last ABEEL was com-

 

tory at Elmira upon an indeterminate
sentence, which, however, requires his
detention in that institution for a period
of at least thirteen months. This sen-
tence is based upon ABEEL’S conviction
in the Court of General Sessions of a
criminal offence growing out of his at-
tentions to Miss ANDERSON. The gen-
| eral impression is that by the judgment
| against him, which was recently upheld
| by the Court of Appeals, and by virtue
| of which he has now been sent to Elmira,
| he has been pronounced guilty of false
| personation fraudulently practised upon
|
|
|

his fianeée, Such, however, is by no
means the fact. He really stands con-
victed of a statutory form of forgery,
committed by presenting to Miss ANDER-
SON a fictitious letter purporting to have

been written by one of the officers of the |
| broken heads, gouged eyes and the like.

Western Union Telegraph Company,
for the purpose of introducing Mr. J.
O. GOELET to the employees of the cor-
poration and commending him to their
favor.

Subdivision 3 of Section 514 of the
New York Penal Code provides among
' other things that a person who shall
cause or be a party to the uttering
| of any letter, telegra:n, report or other
written communication, paper or instru-
ment, purporting to have been written
| or signed by another person, which the
person uttering the same shall know to
be false, forged or counterfeited, “and
by the utterance of which the sentiments,
| opinions, conduet, character, prospects,
interests or rights of such other person
shall be misrepresented or otherwise
injuriously affected,” is guilty of forgery
in the third degree.

 

| vision of law for having uttered u forged
letter which read thus:

“NEW YORK. October 31, 1903.

“Taany Employee, Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany:
© This will introduce Mr. J. O. GoELET, a personal
friend of the management of thls company. Any
favors shown him will be duly appreciated by the
corporation and myself. Yours truly,
“J.B. VAN Everr,
"2d Vice-President.”

Miss ANDERSON'S name was not men-
tioned in the indictment, although the
proof upon the trial showed that the
fabricated letter had been presented

lto her, The gravamen of the offence
| charged in the indictment was not any
imposture practised upon Miss ANDER-
80N by the defendant, but the gist of the
accusation was, the use of the fictitious
note of introduction misrepresenting
| the sentiments of Mr. VAN Every, the
| second vice-president of the Western
| Union, by conveying the idea that he de-
| sired the extension of favors to the de-
fendant, when in fact he entertained
no such wish.

It is to be noted, however, that there
was no charge in the indictment, nor
was there any proof upon the trial, that

| the misrepresentation contained in the
| letter was injurious to Mr. VAN Every,
| the supposed writer. The omission of
| any allegation to that effect
\ a matter of importance when the case
| came before the Court of Appeals, after
| the conviction had been affirmed by the
| Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
! here, without opinion. Inthe court of Ap-
peals three of the seven Judges thought
that it was essential to allege and prove
that the misrepresentation in the fabri-
eate1 letter was in some manner in-
jurions to the supposed writer, in order
to bring the case within the purview
of the Code provision to which we have
referred. A majority of the Court, how-
, ever, held that the “mere misrepresenta-
tion is the gist of the offence, and the
fact that the person whose name is used
is not injuriously affected thereby is
immaterial."

This broad proposition may lead to
some startling results, as is pointed out
by Chief Judge CULLEN in his dissenting
opinion, in which Judge DENIS O'BRIEN
and Judge VANN concur. He argues
that the misrepresentation which is
made a felony by Subdivision 3 of
Section 5i4 of the Penal Code must be

forged, and proceeds to show what ex-
traordinary consequences may flow
from the contrary doctrine, approved
by a majority of his judicial brethren,

the misrepresentation shall have been
injurious to the supposed writer in order
to make out an offence under this statute.
We quote from his dissent:

"The statute is general. It Includes all mis-
representations of & person's sentiments, opinions
or conduct. It no way limits the subjects as to
which the sentiments or opinions relate, but on the
contrary Includes the infinite number of subjects

mitted to the New York State Refornia- |

 

|
|

 

| missioner, reporting in secret.

| the vulgar huntsmen,

 

 

 

sentiments or opinions, religion, politics, law:
ethics, mathetics, and so on indefinitely, If tt be
true that mere misrepresentation is sufficient to
constitute the crime and that Injury, at least tosoine
one, is not @ iiecessary element of It, then it Is 4

 

felony to misrepresent by a fabricated letter the {

sentiments or opinions of another upon the most
academic question; on the Identity of the Man tn

LAWRENCE GopKIN, the editor of the
New York Evening Post.” Bold father
of new history, Professor Peck is en-
titled to christen his characters as he
pleases, i

“Who's Who,” in a notice of Mrs.
MARY ELIZABETH L¥ASE presumably

the Iron Mask, on the authorship of the Junius | Written by that stateswoman herself,
Letters, on the relative merits of Austin and of | says that she “had a large following for
the ‘Sweet Singer of Michigan,’ on the relative | United States Senator in 1893.” She

prowess of the two combatants at the last national
prizeight and on the superiority of the various
entries for the next great horse race.”

A homely but lucid and forcible illus-
tration of the possibilities of prosecution
and punishment under the prevailing
construction of the law is furnished in
the following passage from Chief Judge
CULLEN'S opinion:

“1 a boy over tweive (under twelve he would be
presumed incapable of crime), desirous of attend-
Ing @ ball game, should present to his teacher @
fabricated excuse purporting to be signed by his
mother, * Please excuse JOANNY from school to-
morrow, a8 I wish to have his services at home,’
he would certainly fal) within the provision of this
Statite as It Is about to be construed, for the ex-
cuse would misrepresent the sentiments and opin-
lonsof his mother. That who boy should be soundly
flogged 1 am entirely willlng to concede, but | deny
that he would be a@ felon or that the Legislature
intended to declare him such, Huta more lnopn-
gruous resilt from the doctrine asserted remains.
If the boy, having taken legal advice, should present
as his excuse, ‘JOHNNY'S aunt died yesterday, the
funeral has been fiaed for to morrow,’ while In
trith he had no aunt, or if one she was still living,
these belng merely statements of fact, JOHNNY,
though a very bad boy, would not break any penal
law of the State, but he wouldor certainly should, be
subjected to the Nogging to which | bave alluded.”

The argument from unreasonable-
ness seems to us to be very strong against
the view adopted by the majority of the
Court. No doubt ABEEL was guilty of a
shabby and detestable imposture toward
Miss ANDERSON; but was that imposture
properly punishable under an indictment
which did not refer to it in any way?
We should have thought not; but the
courts have answered the question other-
wise.

 

A Needed Adjunct to the Police Dee
partinent.

The Police Commissioner's troubles
never end. Mr. McApoo finds himself
called on to grant or refuse an applica-
tion for a permit for an Anti-Anglo
Alliance parade, to be held while the
sailors of a British squadron are the
guests of the tars of the North Atlantic
ships. If he refuses it he is bought by
British gold; if he grants it there are
possibilities of a lively scrimmage, with

And to what purpose?

It is apparent that the Police Com-
missioner should have authority to ap-
point a Public Nuisance Remover. The
appointee should be strong, v.gorous,
large and impatient. To him should be
referred such matters as the applica-
tion of the Anti-Anglo Alliance. He
should have full liberty of action, be
allowed to do as he thought wisest. He
should be accountable only to the Com-
He could
relieve the head of the Police Depart-
ment of much wearisome and purpose-
less worry and bother. He could solve
problems that under the present system
are insolvable. He would do a needed
work, and relieve the Police Commis-
sioner immensely.

In the absence of such an official, the

ABEEL was indicted under this pro- ! Anti-Anglo Alliance will do well in their

demonstration to-morrow to avoid the
allied sailormen, who are notoriously
persons of violent action when they are
teased or insulted.

 

 

Pounce Box Peck as a Historian,

Naturally his nese is the favorite
organ of Professor HARRY THURSTON
Peck, the well known perfume collector
and myrophilist, but occasionally he
uses our learned Theban friend the
Bookman. Here his rare smell guides
him into the thickets of history, where
the trembling Fact crouches, safe from
This month he
tells the common world that “few intel-
ligent persons understand” how the
treaty of Portsmouth was mide:

“Indeed, here is an example of the immediate
and Initia! divergence of popular history aud real
history. The dénouement at Portsmouth was not
yet twenty-four hours old before it bad become
erystaliized into a myth; and the purely legendary
account of what really happened is most likely
the only account of which the average American
schoo) history will hereafter preserve any record,
* * * The whole thing {s most Instructive, for
{t shows how the history that ts taught In schools
{6 made.”

Fortunately Professor PECK not only
warns against common history and school
histories, but he makes history as he
conceives it ought to be made, He is

became | remaking the history of “Twenty Years

of the Republic.” Much of his treasure
of esoteric and
is poured into this work, Old
wear a new face; and nothing is but
what is not. We haven't had the time

to give our days and nights to PEcK, |

j of citizens |

but a mere dip of the hand into that
rich stream brings up fishy store.
For example, the Pecky biography

| of the Hon. SYLVESTER PENNOYER, that

injurious to the person whose name is |

to the elfect that it is unnecessary that |

urbane statesman from where rolls the
Oregon, inchides this information: “ PEN-
NOYER had been elected Governor as a
Democrat in the reaction following upon
the passage of the MehKinley bill.”

The ordinary histories and official
records say that PENNOYER was first
elected Governor of Oregon in Jrune,
1885. The MeKinley bill was signed
by President HARRISON in September,
1890. Thus does Professor PECK kick
over anci nterrors, Clearly, evenif Mr.
PENNOYER, a person of known courage
of opinion, should insist that he was first
elected in 188t. Professor PECK is more
than sufficient proof to the contrary,

Professor PECK is always impressively
radical in his reconstruction of history,
He tears a big piece out of the Thad
Stevens myth: ns

“On one occasion an editor visiting Washington
asked Senator THADDEUB STEVENS to Introduce
im to some members of Congress who were favor-
able to LINCOLN'S reclection.”

We have always protested against
dressing STEVENS in the borrowed robes
of “The Great Commoner.” It is a
pleasure to see Professor PEcK yank
the old man out of the House and elect
him to the Senate.

Specially instructive is Professor

on which {t ts possible for human beings to have | PECK'S masterly analysis of “Mr. EDWARD

 

 

intuitional knowledge |
events |

} Union

doesn't say that this following was in
the Kansas Legislature. It may have
been entirely in her mind. | Professor
PECK gives us the facts:

“In 1893 came near securing for herself a seat
in the Senate of the United States.”

The common histories do not tell us
that Mrs, Lease received any votes
when, on January 25, 1893, the Hon.
JOHN MARTIN, Democrat, was elected
a Senator in Congress by the Populist
votes of the two Houses; nor any in the
Populist caucus of the night before.

The whole thing is most instructive,
for it shows how the history that is
taught in schools is made. However
it is made, the impeccable smeller of
Morningside Heights will nose out the
marrow of truth and make it over.

 

Conaul-General GUENTHER of Frankfort,
Germany, says that the British Consul at
Angola reports that the reason British man-
ufactures, except Manchester goods, do
not hold their own in West Africa is that
they are not pushed; that British manu-
facturers of machinery content them-
selves with asking the names of purchasers;
that an American firin sends a representa-
tive there each year and sells almost all
the plantation machinery used in the coun-
try; that as early as 1892, when Consul-Gen-
eral at Mexico city, he reported: “If you
want to sell your products in foreign coun-
tries you must send able and reliable rep-
resentatives there who must know or ao-
quire full knowledge of their language,
manners and business usages”; that since
then “no better method has been discovered
for doing trade abroad.” The remark
applies with equal force not only to West
Africa and Mexico, but to all the world,
and it carries with it a lesson for American
exporters,

 

Quite independently of the results there
is a little account to be settled with Mr.
Murpuy of Good Ground. The process of
liquidation is one in which ‘THE SuN pro-
poses to participate with proper zeal.

In our efforts to secure more of the trade
of China we shall have to face serious Ger-
man competition. For instance, Germa ny's
share of the imports of Hankau amounted
to more than $1,000,000 last year, and of the
exports fully $3,000,000, One million dol-
lars of German money is invested in the
coal mines of Pingsaing, $2,500,000 in Chi-
nese cotton mills, $500,000 in silk and spin-
ning mills, $1,375,000 {n corn mills, $225,000
in the gas works of Shanghai, and more
than $2,000,000 in the dock yards, a ship-
building establish nent, a lighter company,
& Secen German steamers navigate the
Yangtse River. The North German Lloyd
has twenty-seven steamers in the coasting
trade between Shanghai and Tientsin, and
every fortnight a German steamer arrives
directly from Bremen. In 1903) 328 steam-
ships flying the German flag entered the
port of Shanghai. Was an American mer-
chant ship seen there? Since the Boxer
troubles the number of German firms at
Tientsin bas increased from twelve to
twenty, and $4,375,000 of German capital is
invested there. Similar reports come from
Chefu and other coast places.

——— eed
Graceful Tributes to Non-Collegians.

To tHe Eniror or THR Sun. Sir: Apropos of
one G. R. Howard's lette® on college men In
your paper of this cate, allow me to state, and {t
is the writer’sopinion, fortified by a large observa
tlon and by the opinions of the best men in the
country, that the average non college man Is a
d—-d fool.

His sense of humor Is sadly lacking and it Is 4
wonder how he lives through the trials of Ife with-
out committing suicide

As for college humor at the theatres, tt tuques-
tlohably betters the average play about 500 per
cent. In college towns the Inhabitants attend the
play chiefly to enjoy the student wit,

The non-college man {ts apt at times to belleve
everyining and everybody Re hears. Beware of
sensational reports, Mr. Howard. ‘They are aimed
at the non-collegers' OPTIMIST.

New YORK, Nov. 6.

startling theory propounded In this morning's SUN
by G. R. Howard may or may not be grounded on
facts, but such facts are notably absent from his
premises

It has not yet reached the knowledge of the great
majority of newspaper readers that “the fool prank
at Ithaca” Is the work of college students: and
even should it be proved that such ts the case It
would seem that In classifying as d—--d fools all
average college students G. KR, Howard forgets
himself, SQUARE DEAL.

WAVERLY, N. Y.. Nov. 6,

The Colored Troops.

To rhe Poirok or THR SON—Sir: | should Ike
to shake the hand of the Southern ofcer who gave
sucha clear, fearless ard noble tribute to the brave
colored soldiers who fought against his regiment,

| served four years tv the Second Maryland
Regiment. {| bad the pleasure of Nghting
in the same battle with colored soldiers and f am
wlad to add my testinony to the courage and good
qualities of these men,

At the blowing up of the forts at Mine Run,
Petersburg, Va., the Fourth Diviston, Ninth ‘rmy
Corps, coon posed of all eolored troops, did all
that could be done. If there had been hearty
cooperation and the diviston had been property
supported that disastrous and disgraceful defeat
would have been turned into victory. Some one
was to blaine tit better or braver men T never
saw Ina battle, and when Northern men advocate
restricting them of ary of the rights ond privileges
feel a contempt for all such. | can
see the dead and wounded around the mlortous old
Stars and Stripes they fought so bravely to up
hold, aud | forone am ready to stand by them and
defend thelr rights with my Ife, tf necessary

canal rights for all tric men who are willing to
dio to maintain our free speech, schools, press and
to worship God according to our own conselence

LROOKLIN, Nov. 7, WILLIAM {. MatuRws,

Is All That So?

To THE PoITOR OF THR SUN—Site Oeving to the
constant shifting of positions of the planets and
signs of the Zodiac tn thelr never ending Journey
through the universe, never twiee being ino the
sime relative positon to one another--ovlng to
this constant movement T can forecast plainly the
{n-portant events ahead

The coming winter weather will De severe, \
cold wave ts due In New York on November 8
\ bilzzard ts due in New York and New ngiavd
with Sudden cold oa December 2s \n appalling
eatastrophe will take place In Sew York elty or
sone city in the United ‘lates on Decen ber ty tn
whieh there «ill be heavs loss of lie. 5

(HOMAS HINES, JL.

 

  

Nov. 6

CENTIAL

Pais,

A Boon.

When Adam wore a tirleat sult
He might have been resnectea yet
Had he explained to those who askea
“It's Just a freak election bet.”

When Jonah tn the whale sojourned
And came out later. somewhat wet,

None would have doubted had he said
“Us just a freak dloction bet.”

When Babrlon's great king ate grass
His royal appetite to whet

None would have jeered liad he set forth
“It's Just @ freak election bet.”

So take this hint and Fortune's knocks
WH never give you cause to fret:

Fach time you play the consarned fool
Explain: “A freak election bet,”

MCLANDBURGR WILSON,

ann TNT

NEEDLESS FRICTION WITH CUBA.

WAsHINGTON, Nov. ,7.-The discussion
in Cuba of the Anglc-Cuban treaty is
assuming a phase which tends strongly
to menace the relations between Cuba and
the United States, The measure is not
given consideration on ita merits, Selfish
interests have brought into the controversy
@ mass of statements and misstatements
with no proper place in the question.

The issue of annexation to the United
States has been brought to the front by
these interests, and charges are made of a
plot to secure such an outcome. There is
now, as there long has been, an annexation
sentiment in the island. But the advo-
cates of such a course are comparatively
few in number and'they have practically
no political influence. All talk of an “an-
nexation plot” in which the gentlemen
whose names are so freely mentioned in
the Cuban papers are concerned is sheer
nonsense. Annexation may and perhaps
will come some day, but not yet; and there
is no movement in that direction which has
either vitality or coherence.

To further their own interests these
same opponents of the Anglo-Cuban treaty
advance declarations that if that treaty is
approved the United States will denounce
the present reciprocity treaty at the time
of its nominal expiration in December,
1908, if not at an earlier time. ‘Jreaty de-
nouncement is the act of the treaty making
power. We doubt if the power that is or
the power that will be in December, 1908,
has authorized any individual or any body
of individuals to declare that the life of
the reciprocity treaty depends upon the
death of the Anglo-Cuban convention.

Cuba's right to enter into the proposed
relations with England is unquestionable.
The policy of doing’so is, lilte all such ques-
tions, a matter of individual opinion. The
pith of the whole affair is an issue between
a limited group interested in creating
a monopoly in transportation between
Cuba and the United States, and the large
group of those who have sugar, tobacco,
and other products to ship. The latter
naturally desire competition in shipping.
The Anglo-Cuban treaty would insure
them against the, projected monopoly and
protect them from extortionate shipping
charges, which would probably follow the
success of the proponents of a navigation
treaty with the United States.

That is, the application of the “moat
favored nation” system to British vessels
in Cuban waters would prohibit any pref-
erential treatment of Cuban or American
bottoms. The treaty with England is in
the interest of the planters, and it is the
planters who make Cuba. The shipping
monopoly sought by selfish interests would
result in a crushing blow to Cubafl pros-
perity. The movernent in favor of the
Anglo-Cuban treaty is mainly Cuban. The
opposition to it is mainly Spanish, with
some American assistance.

The dragging in of the factors of annex-
ation and the reciprocity treaty compli-
cates the situation, confuses Cubans in
Cuba and Americans in this country, and
creates an unfortunate and unnecessary
friction between the two countries.

 

 

 

Our Pacific Coast Lumber Trade,

We obtain from the West Coast and Puget Sound
Lumbermin for October an idea of what 4 vast
lumber Industry we have on the Pacttic Coast, and
the demand for Its products:

‘There 1s almost a lumber famine at Falrbanks,
Alaska. Lumber Jald down tn that city Is worth
$150 a thousand.”

“The Northern Pacific Rallway will manufacture
ten frelght cars a day at Its car shops at Tacoina.
The West 1s growing as a manufacturing point.”

“During the time from September tto October $
the Northern Pacific loaded, west of Ellensburg,
Wasb , 6.292 cars of lumber and shingles, or one-
third more than tn the corresponding thirty-four
days of 1904

“A railroad company recently sent an order to
a mill on the Coast with this Inducement: ‘That
the rallroad company would pay any reasonable
premium) above the price list if the mill could
only get the orders out and the rallroad company
guarantee to furnish cars.’ That shows how our
Pacific Coast lumber Industry {s thriving.”

“The Yellow Pine Clearing House reports the dut
for August, of 220 mills, at 298,802,301 feet,and ship-
ments 902,785,024 feet. Stocks are running down,
a decrease of 140,000,000 feet in elght months. Each
month the shipments have exceeded the cut.”

“Plat cars are wanted now by lumbermen worse
than some men want wives, Yet it was only last
year that one transcontinental road had many
{dle flat cars.”

“Recently in Tacoma there were at one time
#50 cars loaded for eastern polnts. Although
the yards are immense, these, with the incoming
loaded cars from the Fast, Niled the yards to the
Itm{t. Some of the cars coming In loaded with
grain (for export) are bringing as high at 118,000
pounds to the car.”

“The West Coast Shingle Company closed down
their shingle mill for want of cars.” Not the only
one by any means.

“The British Steamer Tottenham loaded
month In Portland, Ore., with 3,780,000 feet
lumber for China.”

—

Secret Societies.

To THE FpitoR or THE SUN- Sirs | am sir-
prised that such a letter as that from Posey S, Wi-
son, In THE SUN of Nov qmber 8, should be penned
by aman purporting to be amember of a@ secret
society. He states that he Joined one of the good
ones some )ears ago.and that Insamuch as there are
some bad secret societies now In existence, the
only way of getting rid of the latter ts by doing
away with both. As well might we do away with
the evils of polities by throwing out the good: and
following out this line of argument, we would not
be able to rld the country of political bosses with-
out removing from places of prominence Roose -
velt and Jerome, and a score of others that we are
proud of having In the political world!

There are a few such societies that do more harm
than good, and It seems a pity that they should be al
lowed to exist, but we are indeed very thankful for
the one or two strong secret soclettes, numbering
among thelr members some of the best men in any
community. Among the members are to be found
men of sterling worth and character, but to be sure
a few unworthy Individuals gefn membership at
times, and these, of course, do not In any way add
to the dignity of the order. This, however, should
not lower the standard of secret societies, as there
is no order {n the world, whether secret or other
wise, that does not Include a few “blacklegs.”

Regarding the oaths to which the writer refers
I know nothing whatever, but this 1 will say, that tf
aA man ts initlated Into a secret soclety at his own
request, and takes upon ulmsclf certath obliga
tions, It seems to me to be his duty, no matter how
binding the oaths may be, to maintain secreey
regarding the same, and not bring the matter up
for diserission In a Newspaper. Mr. Wilson's own
statement Informs me that he himself bas been
Initlated Into some seeret soctety, and this fact tp
{tself should in my opinion restrain him from fault
Nnding with secret socleties in general,

New York, Nov. 7 HT. Ram,

last
of

 

Our Stone Production tn 1904,
‘Mineral Resources of the Unite] States, 1904”
gives our stone production for that fiscal year as
$74,200,361, an increase of $1,254,453 over 1903, and
$3,115,557 over 1902, Tie 1902 gain aver 1001 was
$9,654,589, and 1901 gatned $12,267,023 over
These gains year after year show what an tn-
portant Industry the production of stone has become

in this country,
Comparing the 1904 production with that of 1003
we have the following main classification:

Productton, Gain,

 

Luss,

 

' Granite... $10) VA2.0K3 $1,556,890
Saundstone........ 8.004.204 SO78,508
Hinestone...... 1,701,720 12.272
Marble 6,207 5S USS, ie
Slate seee 5,017,108 (14,000
Limestone,,.. » BL006,415 CON AE

 

Enormous Wealth of the Russian Imperial
Family.
From London Truth,

All members of the Impertal family lave large
fortunes Invested out of Russta, usually In France,
Fngland and the United States. The Grand Duke
Michael Nicolalevitch and the Grand Duke Viadi
mir Alexantrovitch are believed to be the richest
members of the |mperial family, next to the Crar
himself, whose resources are practically |noxhaust-
ible, as Le draws ad lid, on the Imperial treasury
and is the ‘owner of vast estates which include
ven mines and forests,

 

1800, |

ee

HIDDEN WEALTH OF INDIA.

Some of These Treasures Are Lost For~
ever,

From Spare Momeuta,

It would be an immense benefit to all man-
kind if the stores of gold now held by In-
dividuals In India could be made available
for general use, Ever since the dawn of
history that country has been gathering
gold and hiding it away, Treasures of
almost incaloulable value are possessed
by many Indlan princes.

When the Maharajah of Burdwan died, the
stock of gold and silver left by him was
so large that no member of the family could
make an accurate estimate of it, A report
made to the British Government by a secret
agent state that on the estate of the de-
funct potentate were a number of treasure
houses, one of them containing three rooms.
The largest of these three rooms was forty-
eight feet long, and was filled with orna-
ments of gold and silver, plates and cups,
washing bowls, Jugs and 80 forth—all of
precious metala. The other two rooms were
full of bags and boxes of gold mohurs and
silver rupees, ‘The door of this and other
treasure houses had been bricked up for
nobody knows how long.

These valuables, according to an ancient
custom, were in the custody of the Maha-
rajah’s wife, the vaults being attached to
her apartments, but none of them was al-
lowed to be opened save in the presence
of the-master, One vault was filled with
ornaments belonging to different gods of
the family. The natives of India commonly
bury their hoards, and among the poorer
classes a favorite hiding place is a hole dug
beneath the bed, Disused wells are some-
times employed for the same purpose,

It is: undoubtedly a fact that very

 

many

hoards thus deposited are lost forever, Gold
is also valued on religious grounds, The
gods take up great quantities of gold, silver

and precious stones. The temples contain
vast amounts of the yellow and white metals.
The habit of hoarding seems to have been
induced by ages of misgovernment, during
which oppression and violence were rife.
No feeling of safety existing, it was natural
that the natives should adopt the practice
of reducing their wealth to a concentrated
shape and hiding it.

 

 

Why Bombs Explode.

From the Lancet.

When left alone to its natural functions
nitrogen pursues a perfectly peaceful course,
but when man succeeds in capturing it and
combining it with other elements it becomes
a dire potentiality for evil, as is obvious in the

recent events of the war in the Far East |

and in the crime in the streets of Moscow.

The love of freedom, so to speak, charac-
teristic of nitrogen is terribly exemplified
in the explosion of the bomb in which it is
imprisoned and bound to other elemeuts.
On the slightest provocation—a spark, &
shock, a fuse—the nitrogen suddenly ex-
pands from seemingly nothing, as regards
the space which it. occupies, into infinity.
This is, in reality, what happens when dyna-
mite, Iyddite or other unstable nitro com-
pounds explode when hurled in
warfare and in bombs in desperate attacks
on human life. i i

Nitrogen, against its natural disposition,
is locked up in an uncongenial space in these
compounds, from which it is set free by very
siinple ineans in an enormously expanded
gaseous state with deadly effect, returning,
in fact, to its normal peaceful mission once
more.

 

 

No Remedy to Fit the Case.

From the San Francisco Chronicle.

“IT will never forget my first experience in
hospital work,” said Chief Surgeon Millar
of the Central Emergency Hospital. “There
was a green nurse in the detention ward and
we had a very violent case in there -a man
in the worst stage of delirium tremens. Twas
awakened in the middle of the night by the
head nurse, who requested me to come at
once to the patient. When I got there I
found him raving and very violent, with the
new nurse scared out of her wits. I said:

“Why did you let him go so far? J left
vou some medicine to give firs as soon as he
got delirious.’

“Ves, doctor,’ she replied; ‘but you told
me to give that to him if he saw any more
snakes, and this time he was seeing blue dogs
with pink tails.’ ”

A Jeweller’s Mistake.

From the Gentlewoman.

4 young lady went to a West End shop
to buy a necklace of imitation pearls. She
gave £5 for one and wore it the same even-
ing at dinner, The gentleman beside her
admired the necklace, and the conversation
induced her to return next day to the shop
to make inqtiries. es

She was received with joy, for the neck-
lace was of real pearls, and had been sold
as imitation by mistake. |

The shopkeeper’s gratitude, it is added,
went the length of offering his customer the
ohoice of £100 worth of jewelry from his
shop.

 

 

 

Cathedral Building.
From the Architectural Record.

The proposal brought forward by Justice Harlan
at the General Assembly of the Presbyterlan Church
this year, that the Presbyterlans should build in
Washington @ great cathedral church, has the alg -
nificance of further evidencing the general and
growing appreciation of Washington as the capital
of the nation In more than the narrow poiltical
sense. Methodists, Roman Catholics and Episco-
pallans are already concentrating ecclesiastical
and educational enterprises there. Great labora-

torles. universities, colleges, sclentific collections |

and churches are gathering In Washington, as well
as the great office buildings for public administra-
tlon. It Is becoming more and more of a winter
residence for the Intellectual class and the leisure
class of the country, and 80 fs becoming more dls-
tinctly a “capital city.” As the most beautiful
city In the country !t Is showing the attractive
power of beauty, and the trend toward !t Is Mkely
to Increase steadily for many years. =

Justice Harlan's proposal has also the signifi-
cance of adding welght to the question, lately
asked with much carnestness, are we becoming
cathedral builders? A Protestant cathedral has
just been finished In Berlin, a Roman Catholto In
London, the Cathedral of St. John the Divine Is
rising mightily In New York, Boston ts agitating
the subject, and a number of smaller but ambl-
tlous and costly cathedral churches are under
wa).

 

New York.

From Bulletin 38, Untted States Bureau of Statistics.

New York Is the third port of the world In the
value of exports and imports, ranking ahead of
Hamburg. Antwerp and Marsellies, and surpassed
only by London and Liverpool. The total exports
and imports of New York forthe year enced June 30,
ow and at five other ports for the calendar year
1903 were’ London, $1,804,754,181; Liverpool, $1,185, -
514,480; New York $1,100,70,046; Hamburg, $081, -
516,000; Antwerp, $736,114,000; Marseliles, $431,652,000.

During the fscal year 1004 the value of mer-
chandise imported at New York was $600,000,000,
or 61 per cent, of the value of the merchandise tm -
ported Into the Uulted States. This does uot tn-
clude $41,000,000 worth of foreign merchandise
landed at New York and shipped for formal entry
to custom houses in the Interior, Of the $1,435, -
000,000 worth of domestic products exported from
the United States in the year, $494,000,000, or 34 per
cent., was cleared at New York, and its exports
of foreign merchandise were 812,000,000, or about
one-half of the total for all ports,

 

Friday Not Untacky,
From the New Hedford Standard,

The whaleship Hillman, which arrived here on
Friday seems to disprove the old superstition that
Friday Is an unlucky day most materially. We
learn from the first oMfcer of the vessel that the
Hillman sailed from this port on Friday, that she
took the first blackfish on Friday. her first whale on
Friday, made her first port out on Friday, and finally
arrived here on Friday with 8,500 barrels of whale,
2,100 barrels of sperm ol] and 61,000 pounds of bone
on board and sent home. is Friday unlucky? The
owners of the Hillman, we presume are Inclined
to the opinion that If ts not

 

Brotherly Exchange,
From the Lerington News,

Hirother, {1f thou wilt return the caree hens thou
djdst tale from my hen roost last Friday night, |
will return to thee the formidable Instrument with
whieh thou dicst break down the double door lead -
Ing to the hen roost JOHN R, JORDAN.

Commuters’ Wives,
Mrs. Subbubs-—I ran over to borrow some fiour
and lemons and sugar and milk,
Mrs. Lonesome—Certainly; shall I lend you some
one to eat the ple when It ts nade?

 

 

The Miserables.
Jean Valiean retreated underground.
"One of the six best cellars,” be explained.
This really accoun& for the big circulation of
the book.

 

‘| side and delivered ae speeches ty

shells in |

 

‘THE WOMEN VOTED FORJE RO VY

They Also Elected Hearst Mayor nt tap,
lem Straw Poll,

Three hundred ond twenty-four woney
of all claases of sociaty went to the Harlem
Casino yesterday afternoon and cast a yotg
at the sham poll held there under the ays,
pices of the Harlem Equal Right» Liague
Women who came in automobiles rubbed
elbows with women whose coats were worn
and faded. There were women in plum
colored suits and women in last year’

* gowns, but not five women over twerty-on,
according, to the ballota,

By the first vote ever cast by the women
in New York Hearst was elected! \ay op
and Jerome the District Attorney. Of the
$21 votes cast, 27 were discarded — Foy
Mayor, 110 went to Hearst, 86 to Ivins and
21 to McClellan, Msr. Jerome recessed j§7
Of the straight tickets, there were 4 toy hs
lican, 6 Democrat, 29 Socialist | ait,
hibition and 44 sunicipal Owners);
| ‘the polling began at 1 o'clock and lasted
| until 6, ‘ihe balloting was conducte| just
|
|
!
|

 

» 1 Pro.

like the men’s poll in the barber shop acpos,
the street, except that the watet or
| all sober and no one sent in any sandai hes
and tea in the course of the atteryeoy
| In the beginning there were three booths
| fancy Japanese screens draped with jy.
American flags and adorned with testoony
of yellow baby ribbon,

‘the centre booth had the sullrice tay
around it. On this banner there wer
eighteen stars in the blue field, with tiny
bands of baby ribbon showing the Storey
in which women have 4 little bit or siillrage
On five other stars there were wiier bands
of the baby ribbon, representing States

| where it is said the women have fewor

Wera

babies and more suffrage; and tour wery
entirely covered with the baby pibtor
showing that full suffrage is granted i)
four States of the Union. All the orton.

at the polls had on rosettes of yellow |,
ribbon, and matinée costumes, pink ariel
predominating.

| The poll was presided over | y Mire Mar
| tha Willtame, president of the By) al tients
League, A. out twenty enthisiasiic sf.
| fragists gathered in little gro ips

 

ia

 

mn the
the
women voters. Miss Ida Croft and Miss

Gertrude Bernstein stood at the entries
| to the hall and made every woinan sich a

Renee to al stain from all anti-s ifracce in.
| fluences, Miss Bernstein expressed an jy.
| complimentary opinion of every wona
| who didn't t elieve in suffrage and bad the
| courage to say so.

Two women went in thinking they eouii
cast a r al vote for Jerome, und w!
found out it wouldn't count went
without registering.
| A timid dark-eyed woman who stood

away from the crowd was
; “Come up and register and vote,” sail Mis
| Matid Malone, the poll clerk in bay | jin
|} “IT can't; I'm no naturalizationi |
j the woman int roken En. lis
| “Oh, that’s all right,” said Miss Clatchie
who was “watched. “As SOON us A Wolndan
| lands she becomes a citizen. You nov
| we are ranked with idiots, ehil.ren and
| criminals. We're citizens just us soon as

we land.”
| Then Dr. Helene Lassen, who said sie
| had been practising medicine for thirty.
five years, voted and went on recor as
| 21 years old and from Australia. Miss

Murphy said she was from Ireland, bw
| voted.
|

en thes

away
reiZed

At 2:30,in the midst of the rush, with at
least fifty women in line, business was
suspended and the poll closed, while the

| official photographer, a woman, made a
| flash light picture of the officers. Miss
Marcella Malone, the ballot cler<, in shel!
pink silk and a smile that didn’t come of
| all day, wanted another snap ma te, becatsa
the booth clerks were not in the first picture
There was another puff of powder and —-
“Mamma, mamma, mamma” yelled a
small child. “I want my mamma ”
“ya-ya-ya-ya!” chorused two tiny babies
in long clothes. Mrs. Koss Barker. the
mother of one, said she took her six-montb-
old baby girl to the poll to solve the babr
problem. She said men wanted to knor
what the women would do wi.h the babies.
She kept her baby there all the aftern on
as an example, retiring occasionally to
quiet the hungry youngster. Mrs. Eber-
lein was the mother of the other habr,
Undinia by name. A motherly looking
woman, who looked as though somebody's
kitchen needed a cook, held the young god-
dese while the suffrage mother vanished be-
hind the Japanese screen and baby ribboned
oes and voted for a mere man,

iss Bracalow, a woman lawyer, who ad-

mitted that she had lived in New York forty
years and went down on record as 21 years
old, said: “From Plato to Koosevelt, every
geod man has believed in suffrage.” Miss
Nargaret Moore asked the women to go
downstairs, where some young people were
having a dance in the Casino hall, and com-
| pare those faces with their own, No one
|

accepted the challenge. Mrs. Sophia Loe-
binger, a poll clerk, said there were no cons
| ditions in the voting except that the appli-
| cant be a woman and past twenty-vune.
| After the first half hour she stopped asking
| “How old are’ you?” and demanded “How
{

long have you lived in New York?” or the
United States, or wherever you were born
Miss Ida Croft gave the suffrage smile
and pledges and delivered suffrage spee. lies
on the side. She thought the Constitution
ak all wrong on the equality racket and
hat women should be exempt fron) taxes
| if they were not allowed to vote, “And
| we don't get the recognition in business life
that is accorded the men,” she said, anda
crowd began to gather.

“Mama, dear, please ask the ladies to
stand in line,” said Miss leoelinger
Another woman began to talk. She sud
her name was Mrs. Harriett Markhill, ‘hat
she had a cousin who dined with Wuren
Victoria, that she was 70 years old and
had been married twice, and tha! she
wanted half of everything her hus ants
éver had. She began to tell of her disup-
pointments in life and of the injustie of
men when Miss Bernstein suid a contented
woman was a fool. Some one called tor a
speech, and Mrs. Pris ida D. Ha kota!
president of the Brooklyn Byjiu! g
Club, rose to the occasion. Mrs. Ha
told of her grievances as a teac!i it
West years ago when she didn) «et as
much pay as the men, She
about the State laws protecting vo
girls.

Stacks of literature were cir
the women were still hold i
Precae for suflrage when the resi!
their election was made known at 80/708

  

also ta

  

Studying Greek in Boston
From the Boston Reeort
Opportunity to learn modern Greek
been so good 4s at presentin foston, |r nie
run by Greeks are In spots more numer {
cigar stands. Thelr owners are
the Information possible abo it thelr oa
and they subscribe toandestioir as
papers printedinGroek. Tut! hol
the Greek of Nenophon It Is not ciith
| out what the newspapers contain, ani i
ure to find modern Instance para ting |r
an ancient tongue. Modern Gieck see
learn. A young Irishman became em)
Massachusetts avenue Greek fruit store ao
course of a Year spoke the language of his’ hs
with astonishing profictency.

cal

vul

   

 

 

Swainsboro correspondence Aflinte Const .
A novel new sight was witnessed tn fror
court house here one day this week Wlir
Sheriff J. W. Flelda sold at auction seve
of fine whiskey which ha! been captire!
officers in a raid on the blind tiger of
colored,
There was quite a question as to whell rr
the Shert had a right to sell (his whisee. 4
or private sale, Mmaniel being 4 dry count
officer, however, assumed the respons
made the sale at public outers Phe

the ot

|
|
|
Goorgia Sheriff Sells Whisker.
|
|
'

pald per bottle was $1.65, and 1
tower, The proceeds bave been turned

achool funa

| a

f Work in Which Deaf Mutes Exel

| From Electricity

Denf mutes have demonstrated that '

| kind of skitied work In which thes ff

! ordinary artisan. A Chteaga tol ;

| after a series of experts ad!

; making of the delicate mechanisin ot t
telephone the deat mute, by reaso 4

} development Incident to constant bs {

| language, {8s pecullariy adapted

and fifty deaf mutes are now einpies

tory at standard wages

its

 

 

Nothing Doing.

Knicker- How does your steam hea
Bocker—Like a Iife insurance presiden!