4

—

 

Sy rey ee ees ‘ o
TTT TE TTT

 

a ¥ ot

NL tems PR et me oe

 

‘WEATHER FORECAST.
Partly cloudy and somewhat cooler to-
day; to-morrow probably fair.
Highest temperature yesterday, 85; lowest, 65.

Detailed weather reports on

 

oC ———_————_—_———_—_——

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 281.

—— a

 

 

_——_———e eS

SPARTACAN REVO

editorial page.

 

++++

 

 

 

ie ERG ae Ba er

siihashandlelieteatebdiaatane a pemamamnetehaauac epee nmneaeeemmenaenndae

Che

 

iis

 

 

 

 

‘NEW YORK, SUNDAY, JUNE 8, 1919.—cepvnont, 919, oy ie sun Printing ond Pudlining Autocaton

 

 

 

————

CALLED TO

 

AVENG

Tey om

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

 

 

 

80 PAGES.

PRICE

 

 

RED LE

 

 

 

——————————

 

In Greate? .
New York.

FIVE CENTS {

 

ER;

_BRITISH CENSOR BARS COPY OF TREATY FROM MAILS TO U.S.;
PRESIDENT EXPECTED TO REFUSE TO SEND TEXT OF DRAFT

 

ALL WIREMEN IX
NATION CALLED
OUT ON JUNE 11

Western Union, American
Telephone and Postal

Named in Order.
TIME IS SET FOR 8 A. M.
|
|
|

eee,

Telegraph Officials Not Much
Worried—Claims of Opera-
tors Are Disputed.

 

Cricaco, June 7.—A nationwide
strike of telegraph and telephone op-
erators who are members of the Com-
mercial Telegraphers Union of Amer-
ica was ordered to-day to take effect
next Wednesday morning at 8 o'clock
siandard time. The order was issued
at general headquarters of the union
here on telegraphic instructions from
8. J. Konenkamp, international presi-
dent, who was in Pittsburg on his way
to Chicago.

The strike order applies to em-
ployees of the Western Union Tele-
sraph Company, the American Tele-
phone and Telegraph Company and
the Postal Telegraph and Cable Com-
pany, with its associated institutions.

It was estimated at headquarters
here that the strike would affect be-
tween 60,000 and 100,000 individuals, of
whom nearly 25,000 were said to be
members of the union. Outside of the
union ranks, it was said, many wire
workers had pledged themse:ves
support a strike.

to

Follows Visit at Capital.

The decigion to call a nationwide strike

was reached by President Konenkamp
after spending several days in Wash-
ington, where he had directed a.strike
of union employees in eleven Southeast-
ern States, That strike followed a strike
of telephone workers in Atlanta, where
telephone employees were said to have
been discharged because of union affilia-
tions, although the Southern Bell Tele-
phone Company denied union member-
ship had been the basis of any dis-
charges.

A striké vote was taken recently con-
current with one by the International
Electrical Workers Union.

The strike order was as follows:
“All
ployees:
“A strike is hereby declared to take
effect Wednesday, June 11, 1919, at 8
A. M. standard time, against the |

telegraph and telephone em-

ern Union Telegraph Company, the
American Telephone and Telegraph |
Company, the Postal Telegraph and

Cable Company, with its associated in-!

stitutions, including the Mackay and
North American companies, and against
telephone companies where our members
are employed.

“Ss. J. KONENKAMP,
“International President.”

Accompanying the strike order were
lengthy instructions to members em-
ployed by concerns not affected by the
order to aid {in making the strike effect-
ive.

This, it was explained, meant that
such employees of other concerns would
refuse to handle telegraph and telephone
messages classed as commercial busi-
ness,

Canadians to Ban Messages.

Canadian members of the union, It
was said, would refuse to handle any
commercial business originating in the
United States or directed to any point
within this country.

Railway telegraphers also would re-
fuse to handle commercial business, it
was declared, as a result of passage of
@ resolution at the recent convention
of the Order of Railway Telegraphers
in St. Louis, declaring that such busi-
ness would be banned by employees of

it organization in the event of |
Btrike.

In Chicago, it was sald at unton head-
quarters, more than 4,000 wire workcrs
would be affected.

The Commercial Telegrapheis Unien
was born here in 1902. Prosilent
Konenkamp declared weeks ago that
Postmaster-General Burleson, who had
taken over control of the wire systems,
had refused to grant to the employees
increased wages demanded and tliat un-
less the union was recognized and the,
men obtained relief from the high cost |
of living a strike would be inevitable.

Mr. Konenkamp will return to-inulrow
to direct the strike,

KONENKAMP SAYS |

 

 

STRIKE WILL SPREAD | DETROIT,.KNOWN HERE |

 

Phone Operators and Electric
Workers to Go Out June 16.

l’itrssurc, June 7.—Telephone opera-
tors throughout the United States ana
electrical workers who are members of
the Commercial Telegraphers Union of

America will go on strike June 16 in
connection with the strike of telegraph
operators ordered for next Wednesday,

according to announcement made here
to-night by 8. J. Konenkamp, president
of the union.

Regarding to-night's strike order Mr.
Konenkamp said: “We will win the
fight. ‘The strike Wednesday will deter-:
mine whether grievances of long stand-
ing can be remedied by force Peace-
ful means of adjusting our gr'evance#?
have been sought for nearly a year now,

 

PLOT T0 ROBU.S.
IN $30,000,000
SALVAGE DEALS

Army Captain and N., Y,|

Junk Dealer Among Four
Arrested in Detroit.

FAKE BID PLAN CHARGED

Vast Amount of Munitions
Was to Go Cheaply to Con-
spirators, It Is Said.

Derrorr, June 7.—With the arrest
here to-day of four men, one an army
officer, Department of Justice agents
disclosed an alleged conspiracy to de-
fraud the Government in the sale of
$30,000,000 worth of army supplies to
be salvaged here.

The United States Grand Jury has
returned indictments, it was an-
nounced, against Capt. Soterios Nich-
olson of Washington, chief finance of-
ficer of the Ordnance Department for
this district; an unnamed army officer
recently sent to France in connectian
with the disposal of excess supplies;
Grant Hugh Browne, a wealthy sports-
man and race track owner of Detroit,
and Fred C. Collins, Vice-Consul for
Greece and president of a local realty
company.

All but the officer in France, together
with Bert Harris, a junk dealer of New
York, are held for trial at Fort Wayne,
an army post here. Harris, who it {s al-
leged was to dispose of the material,
will be arraigned before the Grand Jury
Tuesday.

The arrests followed an investigation
extending over two months and came,

Department of Justice,officials said, after
the firat deal in the alleged plot was put
through at Rochester, N. Y., Thursday.
The transaction, it is alleged, involved
21,000 tons of material valued at $300,-
000, according to Arthur L. Barkey,
chief of the bureau of Investigation here

Collins, Browne and Harris are
charged with conspiring to eliminate
other bidders for the material, the bide
being held so low that the highest of
the three would be far below the value
of the supplies disposed of.

By means of a dictaphone installed
in Capt. Nicholson's room in a_ hotel,
the Federal officers declare, they fol-
lowed the alleged conspiracy since its
inception early in April.

\
Barkey charges Browne with being

the instigator of the conspiracy. He
is alleged to have approached Nichol-
son and to have asked him if he could
not get some one “on the inside” to
work with them, and is alleged to have
promised that it meant thousands,

Three bids are required by the Gov-
ernment before any material can be
sold. This is where Harris and Collins
are said to have figured in the plot in
allowing the use of their names as bid-
ders, Browne, it is alleged, would
make the highest bid, which had already
been agreed upon, and the contracts of
sale would be awarded to him. The
price bid was far below the value of
the articles. hg

A young officer In the Ordnance De-
partment discovered the alleged scheme
and notified the Department of Justice.
He was instructed to get in the confi-
dence of the supposed plotters, which he
did.

Barkey put operatives on the case,
and after two months of untiring work
they made the arrests.

Capt. Nicholson came to Detroit Feb-
ruary 18. From the time of hig arrival
he was constantly under surveillance,
and a dictaphone placed behind a
picture on the wall of his room in a
hotel was constantly under the ear of
Federal agents.

Last week bids were submitted on
$300,000 worth of munitions, Browne
was the highest bidder and the Govern-
ment awarded him the contract. It
was intended, it Is alleged, to ship this
material, which was mostly ammunition
stock, to Mexico and thence to Germany,

Thursday Nicholson went to Roches-
ter, N. Y., followed by operatives. There
he met Browne and Harris. The opera-
tives say Browne passed $5,000 to
Nicholson as his share of the profits,
and from this Nicholson is said to have
given the young army officer who wis
working with the Department of Jus-
tice officers $2,000. Each of them then
are said to have made up a puree of
$1,000 by donating $500 each, which
was given to Collins for the use of his
name as one of the bidders,

When arrested $3,000 was found on
Nicholson.

BROWNE, HELD IN

Figured as Broker, Promoter
and Race Horse Owner.

Grant Hugh Brown has been a con-
the financial district for a good many
years. Besides having had a hand tn the
promoton of the famous $10,000,000
spicuous figure along Broadway and in
United Cobalt Exploration Company
some years ago he achieved prominence
in racing circles as the owner and backer
of the Brownleigh stables, which oper-
ated extensively on tracks in this coun-
try. More recently he held a lease on
Madison Square Garden, where he
sought to hold prize fights under the
Frawley law, since repealed

In January, 1908, Browne had busi-
ness difficulties which resulted in bank-
ruptey proceedings, but early in 1910

,| ments, including pay of nine
\|marks a day and. “fidelity
premiums,”

 

‘

  
  
       
   
   
   
       
       
   
   
       
     
  

 

Germany Actively at
Work Recruiting Army

ERN, June 7.—Great activity

is being displayed in Ger-
many in recruiting men for the
army and in gathering ammuni-
tion, the Independent Socialist
Die Freiheit of Berlin says. Ac-
cording to the Socialist Abendi
of Vienna, German recruiting
agents are busily at work in Aus-
tria.

The Nachrichten of Basle says
the German recruiting bureaus
are appealing for men to enlist
and are offering various induce-

  

|
|
|

 

    

BORDER TROOPS

 

ne

Hobby of Texas Calls for Two

State Cavalry Brig-
ades.

FEARS MEXICAN FIGHT

That State’s Own Men

Asks
Be Assigned to Duty at
Austin.

 

'
|

Wasuinaton, June 7.—Declaring that
the Mexican situation is so critical
that a larger force of troops on the
border is necessary to protect lives
and property of citizens, Gov. Hobby
of Texas has requested Secretary
Baker to call into the Federal service
the First and Second brigades of
Texas cavalry and to mobilize them at
a convenient point.

The War Department immediately
telegraphed the commanding @eneral
of the Southern Department, who has
charge of the border guard, asking his
views on the request and for any in-
formation bearing upon the situation
described by Gov. Hobby.

Gov. Hobby's telegram
Baker follows:

The Mexican situation appears to
be so critical that an emergency may
arise at the most unexpected moment
requiring a larger force of troops
on the border to protect lives and
Preperty of citizens than are at pres-
ent available. I appreciate that for
border duty cavalry is the most ef-
fective arm of the service, and I
also appreciate that the Regular
4rmy is short on cavalry.
| Therefore I respectfully urge and
} recommend that the First and Sccond

Brigades Cavalry, National Guard of

Texas, be called into the Federal ser-

vice. I urge that the call include

brigade commanders and brigade
headquarters detachments, s0 that the
; cavalry organization may go intact
under command of two brigade com-
manders. I also suggest mobilization
be fixed for definite date not less than
twenty days from date of call in or-
der that officers and men can ar-
runge personal affairs, and such offi-
cers and men who have dependents
and for other satisfactory reasons

to Secretary

may be discharged and their places
fiiled with others, who will be anxious
to go into active service. This twenty
days period will also provide time
tc arrange details for transpostation
and camp.

I suggest Camp Mabry at Austin as
mobilization camp. My anxiety that
lives and property of citizens be am-
Ply protected and my knowledge of
conservatism and efficiency of offi-
cers and Texas cavalry brigades
prompt this suggestfon

The telegram to the Southern Depart-
ment’s commander follows:

The Governor of Texas wires the
department that the Mexican situa-
tion appears to be so critical that
an emergency may arise at the most
unexpected moment requiring a

larger force of troops on the border

to protect lives and property of cit-
izens than are at present available.

Your views and any information

bearing upon the situation are de-

sired by wire.

Confidential reports reaching the War

Department within the last week regard-
northern Mexico
it was eaid,

ing the situation in
contained no information,
that would lead army officers to hold
the opinion expressed by Gov. Hobby.
The border guard at present exceeds
20,000 troops, including cavalry, in-
fantry, fleld artillery, alr squadrons and
engineer units, distributed from Yuma,
to south of Laredo, The latter
point is headquarters of the Fourth
United States Cavalry. Behind these
is an even larger force at the demobili-
zation camps or en route.

Major-Gen. De Rosey C. Cabell, In
command of the Mexican border district,
has standing orders to dispose the Amer-
ican troops as he thinks best to protect
lives and property,

Ariz.,

KILL AMERICANS

Refugees Report Forty Mur-
ders in Two Weeks.

Nocaues, Ariz., June 7.—-More than
forty Americans and Mexicans have been
killed by Yaquis and bandits in the La
Cclorado district of Sonora, Mexico,
during the last two weeks, according to
| the statement of nine American min-
‘ing men who-arrived from that neigh-
borhood to-night,

| ‘The party of Amerifans, whose homes

but we are told by certain governmental) ,nnouncement was made that the pro-| are in Arizona, Colorado and California,

xencies in Washington that we could;
t get justice because our situation was,
t sufficiently acute

“Mr. Burleson has sald no union work-

Continued on Tenth Page.

ceedings had heen dismissed and that
he had paid al! his creditors in full.
For many years Browne has been the
owner of a big stock farm at Goshen,
N. Y¥. He imported the great Englisu
steeplechaser John M. P. in 1906.

|have sent a statement on conditions in
| the district to the State Department at
} Washington, with copies to Senators
j Thomas of Colorado, Johnson of Cali-
fornia and Marcus Smith and Henry F.
| Sehuret of Arizona,

ey

‘PREMIERS NOT

‘ALLIES DIVIDED

 

SUM IN TREATY PACT BE KNOWN
dgnertven - Detesiiter Pre-|Senate's Demand Cabled to
| pares to Remain All Sum- | Paris, but Belief Is Wil-

mer to Complete Work. | son Can't Comply.

NOT TO WAIT ON SENATE LEAK INQUIRY WIDENED |

N.|

League of Nations to Function Subpenas to Be Issued for
as Soon as Allies Sign Y. Financiers Who May |
Peace Pact. Have Seen Copy.

——— ee -—

 

By LAURENCE HILLS. Spccial Despatch to Tue Sry, |
Staff’ Werrespondent of Tae Sv. Wea cee June 7. rs President |

‘ ; | Wilson, according to officials of the!
5 renee ST an Weare VUOrYOR. §_ |‘ Aadentutolentinn,: Will Be: forced to Sec!
; Paris, June 7,—The situation In re- | fuse the Senate's request for the text |
| gard to modification of the peacetreaty | of the peace treaty. Phe renclution|
is undergoing constant changes. The of the Senate calling for the text of|

more the experts talk the more dl- the treaty was cabled to President |
versity there is in opinions. Senti- Wileon to-day

ment appeared to be developing again The point is emphasized by the State |

to-day = sige Ms aa on ne Department that the present relation-
FEpArat aan \ u : eas. onn.00.0b0 [at of the United States with the)
Se uae Ob SUC ver | Adi et Governments makes it mani-!

while the British favor $40,000,000,- | restiy impossible for the President to|

000, and the Americans believe both pass upon American issues which have |

saene satis nt a on oe | become international in character, and |
not go higher than $30,000,000,000. that therefore Premier Clemenceau and

The policy decided upon on one day | Premier Lloyd George must give their |
is torn up the next. | permission before the request of the!
The committee on reparations e€X-| american people for information can!

| pects to sit nll day to-day and-to-| be entertained. There is nothing to|
| morrow, hoping to agree on its report, | indicate that the President will evan |
which with all others must be handed !y;oach the matter to the allied Pre-|
|

 

 

 

to the Council of Four on Monday. miers.

The indications are that there will] Several courses are open to the|
be minority reports by several of the President in case he declines, officials
commissions, notably by the commis- explained. He may reply simply that
sion on responsibility for the war. it is “not compatible with the public

oie We Wilson is telling his} interest” to make the treaty text pub-
friends t the world was saved] iic at this time. Or he may reply that
frem anarchy only by @ quick peace, | as soon as the treaty is completed he
yet he finds himself In of argu-

will communicate it to the Senate. Or
he may simply ignore the Senate’s re-
quest until the ban of secrecy its re-
moved by the foreign Premiers’ de-
cree,

ment. Dr. Karl Renner, head of the
Austrian peace delegation, who has
| returned, says the treaty with Austria
!eannot be signed, as it would mean
{that Auetria would be turned over
to Bolshevism. He will submit coun-
ter proposals, as the Germans did.

Private Copies Limited.

Meanwhile the so-called treaty scan-
dal is gripping official and diplomatic
Washington more and more. Since
Senator Borah (Idaho) announced that

Will Remain All Sammer.

| Americans here expect to remain
pall summer. At the Hotel Crillon,); “big business” in Wall Street had the
;jthe American headquarters, it was; treaty it seems to have become fash-
said that the conference would re-| ionable for every big financier, banker
main in session, and the Americans! or broker to boast that he could have
had decided to participate ing all the; bad the text if he desired, or that he
treaties, probably signing them also,| knows where copies of the treaty now|
| although with some of the belligerent | are.

| countries the United States is not at
war.

 

Nevertheless it is maintained} igton it is found necessary to sep- |
of | arate Wall Street gossip from state-

that the guarantee in Article X.

 

|CENSOR PREVENTS
‘ON REPARATION WILLING TO LET) “SUN”? FROM GETTING

 

General Strike Ordered in
Berlin as Machine Guns
Rule Munich.

A COPY OF TREATY (caswer Near crists

 

‘Full Text Printed th Berlin, Sold Freely in The Hague

and Circulated Widely in London and Paris—
House of Commons Is Aroused.

 

When the statement was published that the German Government

was circulating pamphlets containing the full terms of the peace treaty,

and that copies were for sale at The Hague, THE SUN cabled its Lon-

|don correspondent to obtain copies and mail them to New York. THE |

SUN instructed its Paris office also to obtain a copy and compare it with

|the summary which was given out by the American State Department

and printed in THE SUN on May 19, and to cable a full summary of the
omissions. These instructions resulted in the publication in THE SUN
on May 30 of a long cable supplying most of the missing details.

A cable to London asking if the German copies had been mailed re-
sulted in the reply from the London office which is printed below.

It is evident from these facts that the German copies can be freely
obtained in Paris and London, but for some strange reason they are
forbidden transmission to the United States.

 

Decides on Ban After Week’s Deliberation.

Special Wireless Despatch to Tur Scx,
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

LONDON, June 7.—After deliberating over the subject for nearly
a week, the censor finally has decided not to allow copies of the peace
treaty, printed in Berlin, to go through the mails to the United States,
although a copy was received at the office of THE SUN here Tuesday
afternoon from The Hague.

This copy came through the hands of the censor untouched, but
when submitted to him for transmission to New York the censor refused
to pass it. He declared he would take up the matter with the authorities,
presumably the Foreign Office. When asked if he would return the book
if it were not forwarded, he said that he would take up that question also.

The London officials, apparently, are working under an order from
Paris, not to release the text of the treaty until the Germans have signed
it or until certain modifications have been made. Up to a late hour this
evening the censor had failed to reply to frequent inquiries as to the
fate of the text of the treaty.

It has been circulating in London all week and the terms are be-
ing discussed freely. Apparently every one but members of Parliament
knows what the treaty contains and heated arguments have occurred in
the House of Commons, several members demanding the immediate publi-
cation of the full text, declaring that they are being compelled to work
in the dark, especially on matters concerning intimately the policy of
Great Britain in regard to Russia and in other parts of the world where
the British are interested vitally.

These members point out that the whole of Europe knows the terms
of the treaty, except those countries which supposedly are operating
under the rule of “open covenants, openly arrived at.’

 

Borah Has Known of Censorship.
Special Deapatch to Tre Sen.

WASHINGTON, June 7.—When Senator Borah (Idaho), was told
of the efforts of THE SUN’S London correspondent to mail to New
York a copy of the peace treaty and of the fact that the British censor-
ship had held it up he was greatly interested.

“I have known right along that the censorship was still on,” he
said. “Of course this experience of THE SUN correspondent will be
mighty interesting; it ought to be spread clear across the front page.

But in these reports reaching Wash- | This thing is getting dynamic. The people want to know and they are |

going to find out

before we are done.”

|
opened up an editorial broadside, The

| the covenant of the league makes nec-
essary the participation of America
in the Turkish and Bulgarian treaties.
President Wilson still hopes to re-
turn to Washington by July 1, but
if he is unable to do se he will sign
the appropriation bills here.
Proceeding on the theory that the
League of Nations will come into op-

eration automatically with the ratifi- | Committee if an attempt is made to in-| ),

cation of the treaty by Germany and
three of the Allies, no matter what
the United States Senate may do
rapid progress is being made here by
the British and American experts in
devising the machinery which is to
start at a given signal.

The appointments of secretaries
and bureau chiefs are being discussed
and acceptances are belng received,
every man being ready to drop into

his appointed place on the day that)

the treaty goes into effect. It has
been decided to have two under secre-
taries only and between ten and ftif-
teen sections, For example, there
will be a mandate section, a military

by the council.
Americans Are Embarrassed,

It is planned to have the whole
organization
under full headway
House, London, the
treaty becomes effective.
the Executive Council to be named
{in advance are to function {mmedi-
ately as directors, probably holding

start into operation
in Sutherland
moment the

Members of

daily meetings for weeks thereafter |

and appointing the various commis-
sions for which the treaty provides.
Unless the American Sennie swal-
lows entire by that date the cove-
nant of the league the position of
Col. E., M. House will be anomalous.
He cannot qualify as anything more
than an unofficial adviser, yet as
spokesman for the chief promoter of
the league he will have n voice as
potent as any member of the council,
Americans admit privately that
there has been some embarrassment
already in working out with the ques-
tion of American participation hang-

Continued on Second Page,

4

and naval section, &c., the chiefs of |
which will be appointed nominally

ments based on authoritative informa-
tion, and indications are that the ac-
tual number of copies of the treaty
which have reached the New York

great care is being taken to prevent

the text from becoming available to}

the American people.
Possible complications face the Senate

| vestigate the charge of Senator Hitch-
| cock (Neb.) that the treaty may have
i been stolen. It is known that the first

» | copies of the treaty to reach New York |

were brought over by Henry P. Davison
and were in a sealed package addressed
to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of
Japan, The package was turned over by
Mr, Davison to the Japanese Embassy
| here, and special precautions at once
{were taken by the Japanese to guard
| the package on its way to the Pacific
; coast,

)
Treaty Arrived May 22.

A thorough and complete investigation

of possible theft would imply ascertain-

the package ‘sent by the

 

jing whether

way to the Pacific, and this would neces-
isitate taking the matter up formally
with the Japanese Government, as the
matter of diplomatic pouches would be
involved. Other embassies did not find
it necesgary to send copies of the treaty
via the United States,

As Mr, Davison, in his capacity of of-
ficial courier, nad the first copies printed
in Waris, his arrival here May 22 serves
as an indication of when other treaties
migh have reached New York. In other
words any steamship reaching there

 

 

Continued on Second Page.

|| Soldiers Tell Fund
of Life in Camps

HESE returned men, welcome

visitors to THE SUN Tobac-
co Fund, have to be persuaded to
go on talking after they have
uttered the formula of their sin-
cere thanks for tobacco they
smoked on the other side. Then
they tell the fund some of the
which never get into
Read along these lines

things
books. é
on page 1, section 4.

|

! WARNING! THE SUN TO-
| BACCO FUND has no connection
‘| with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors.

 

Embassy had been tampered with on its}

IRISH ATROCITIES

 

| Charges Made.

 

By the Associated Press.
Paris, June 6 (delayed).—Within the
| last few months at least ten citizens
‘have been killed in Ireland by soldiers
; or constables under circumstances found
| by coroners’ juries to have been wilful
|murder, This charge is made in the re-
| Port on observations made in Ireland by
| Frank P. Walsh, Michael J. Ryan and
| Edward F. Dunne, delegates of the Irish
Societies in the United States. The re-
port, which was made public to-night

the demand that the peace confereme
investigate the Irish question,
| Numerous and specific charges of
atrocities committed in Irish jails are
contained in the document. Charges are
made that hundreds of men and women
were put in prison without any specific
accusations being made against them
The document says that at least five
men died as a result of atrocities in pris.
ons and that many
fined in cells of inadequate size
given insufficient and unwholesome food

It also is alleged in the report that
| punitive measures of the prison author-
itles included douches with water, in
which the prisoners were obliged to re-
main all night in unheated cells, bring-
ing on pneumonia, Solitary confinement
| ana withholding of rations also is
‘charged. It is stated further that the
heads of hundreds of familles were sent
to jail or deported, leavine dependent
women and children without means of
support and to become objects of char-
ity

The reports says that Messrs. Walsh,
Ryan and Dunne visited Ireland with the
}assurance from Premier Lloyd Georgo
| that they would have full freedom to
investigate,

J. P. MORGAN IN OTTAWA.

Confers With Sir Thomas White on
#50,000,000 Gold Shipments,
Special Despatch to Tus Sun.

Orrawa, June 7.—J. P. Morgan of
New York reached Ottawa yesterday af-
ternoon and immediately went to the

|

 

 

 

| Finance Department to confer with Sir|

| Thomas White
‘sible to get an interview with Mr
gan, it is understood that his visit here
in in connection with the shipment of
British gold to the United States, which
is being handled through the Dominion
loft Canada and consigned to J. P. Mor-

gan & Co,, New York
A total of $12,000,000 in gold has heen

Although it was impos-
Mor-

shipped so far, and it is understood that |

| the final sum will aggregate $50,000,000,

prisoners are con- !
ana |

| DANIELS CONTINUES
TOLD TO WILSON BAN ON

financial district is limited and that | Ten Wilful Murders Among | Puts

 

| tacked

was sent to President Wilson along with |

 

NAVY LEAGUE

Officials and Members
in Anarchist Class.

WASHINGTON, June 7—Officials and
members of the Navy League, which at-
Secretary Daniels before the
United States entered the war, were de-
nounced before the Hiouse Naval Com-
mittee to-day by Mr

 

they were ‘as much enemies of the
country as any anarchists.”
“These men," said the Secretary,

“were as guilty of infamy as any man
arrested during the war and they
should have been accorded the treatment
they deserve, While I am Secretary they
can never have anything to do with the
navy."

Representative Britten (Tl), Repub-
lican, asked the Secretary if he did not
Ceem it wise to lift the ban against the
league, so that it could do welfare work
in the navy and thus save the country
part of the money asked of Congress for
this work

“Never,” declared the Secretary
“Never, not while I have anything to
Say about it The league is composed of }
infamous slanderers—men who con-
cemned the best men in the navy After
the Mare Island explosion they accused
me of shielding the men responsible and

conducting only a halfhearted investiga-
tion, It is a base lie, and those who
said it realized it was a lie”

“But the organization has change.],.”

Mr, Britten interrupted “The officials
sre different men Why should they be
held resposible for something others
did?"

“I'm an expert on camouflage; said
Mr. Daniels, and I can see through

the camouflage of that organization, We
do not need a league to help us, which
gives prominence to men in it for
sonal glory or profit,

"We con't want any side shows to stab
us in the back of which

per-

The league,

| President Wilson ts commander in chief

and I chief executive is all the show we
need Nor do we want a wet nurse.
Wo take no tainted money in the navy--
no money for welfare work from men
euch as those.”

Brazil’s New President in Lisbon.

 

Lisbon, June 7.—The French armored
cruiser Jeanne @’Are arrived here to-day

with President-elect Pessoa of Brazil
and his party on board They will pro-
ceed for Brazil by way of the United
States after a visit here

France Admits Foreign Sugar.

The Journal Officiel
a decree repealing the

Paris, June 7
publishes to-day

|} prohibition upon the importation of for-

eign sugar into France

IF YOU HAVE A BACKWARD CHILD
eee advertisement on page 9, Sec, 4.—Adv,

Daniels, who said |

Only Favorable Peace Re-
ply Can Save Ebert Party,
Is Prediction. -

BAVARIAN ERROR BARED

|
|

Anger Over Exeeution of Nise
sen Used to Disrupt Ger-
man Government.

By the Associated Press.

Brruin, June 6 (delayed).—The po-
| Wtical mistake of the Bavarian Cabinet
|in permitting the execution of Levine
Nissen, a leader of the Bavarian Com-
munists in Munich, it became apparent
to-day, it likely to result in another
Spartacan attempt against the Gov-
ernment.

The political effect of the execution
asserted itself in Berlin to-day. A gen-
eral strike was ordered and the Inde-
pendent Socialist organ Die Freihett

|
|
|
|

Spartacan movement has been in
course of preparation in the last sev
eral weeks on account of the outcome
of the trials of the slayers of Dr. Liebe
knecht and Rosa Luxemburg, the es
cape of military officers imprisoned for
killing the Spartacan leaders and the
stern rule of Gustav Noske, the Min-
ister of National Defence. The situa-
tion has furnished the Independent So-
cialists, Spartacans and extremists
with much handy ammunition.

The political disaffection has extended
to the Majority Socialists and resolutions
adopted by factory and workingmen’'s
councils call on the party convention,
which will meet at Weimar Tuesday, to
demand the retirement of Socialists from
the present Government. The radical op-
ponents of the Ebert and Scheidemann
Government also are using the tangled
peace situation as another weapon with
which to attack their former comrades,

If the Cabinet weathers the blow it is
believed it will be chiefly because the
allied reply to the German counter pro-
posals will be sufficiently favorable and
conciliatory to enable the present Gov-
ernment to regain ics prestige.

Any tangible progress in the peace
negotiations from the German view-
point is expected to prove an effective
j counter irritant to the mancuvyres of the
Independent Socialists.

To-day the flurry had hardiy reached
the stage of an acute crisis, although

the followers of Hugo Haase were said
to be predicting the overthrow of Ebert
} and Scheidemann within eight days.

' The German National Assembly will
meet in Berlin the latter part of next
week.

In response to the general twenty-four
hour strike ordered by the Greater Ber-
lin Soviet many of the large shops were
closed to-day and the surface and transge
portation lines will not operate to-more-
row, it is expected.

Disorder reigned in Munich all last
| night, according to advices received from
}the Bavarian capital to-day Machine
gun firing was heard intermittently. The
metal workers’ strike in Munich has ex-
tended to Nuremburg and Fuerth,

a

 

 

 

Ry the Associated Prees.

MUNICH, June 6 (delayed).—A gen-
eral strike threatens this city as a result
of the execution of Levine Nissen. Oc-
cupational troops have been ordered to
prepare to meet any emergency

‘BERLIN APPOINTS
RHINE PRESIDENT

Socialists See Trend to Gen-
eral Separatist Move.

 

 

Bern, June 7

In a counter effort
against the Rhenish Republic movement
the Berlin Government has appointed
Karl Trimborn, a leading Clerical, as
Regional President of the Rhineland.
| Herr Trimborn, a lawyer and member of
}the last Reichstag, has been an active

worker for the erection of a Rhenish re-
; public which would be a component part

of Germany. His nomination is sald te
be an important concession to the repub-
lican movement in the Rhineland

The Independent Soctalist Die Fretheit
of Berlin says that events in the Rhine-
land contain a lesson and a warning
which should not be disregarded It de-
clares that if the Government refuses to
sign the

Peace treaty the separatist
movements in Germany might easily
gain the advantage

| Paris, June 7.—The Government of
| Hesse has issued ordem to. offictals
}throughout its territory d recting them

;not to give allegiance to the Government
; of the Rhenish Republic
}

By the Assoctated Press
WiESBADEN, June 6 (delayed)-—Oppo-
sition to the Rhenish Republic is grow-

Ing here each day The judges of the
province are the latest to defy the new
government, and with court employees
have refused to recognize the legality
of the regime headed by Dr. Dorten
The French are reported to have made
| definite promises to the republic in the
shape of officially settling wine and food
{prices on a peace basis and also fixing

 

   

    

 

j the value of the mark arbitrarily at
1 frane 23 centimes \ general protest
j Strike occurred here yesterday
| eee
CoLoGNr, June Dr Dorten, Preaf-
dent of the new KRhenish Republic, has
riegraphed Sir Wi m Robertson, com-
mander of the British forces of occupa-
tion here 1ouncing the formation of

 

th
tu evade a “just share in the reparation

republic and repudiating any desire