AT

 

I, VOL. LXXIL—NO, 48, >

TURN ON PURSUERS

Russians Make a Stand at the
Sha River to Check Japs,

—_—-—---—

BATTLE AGAIN UNDER WAY,

 

Attacks and Counter Attacks on
the Russian Right.

 

Both Sides Claim Some Advantage in
the Fighting—Tokio Belleves Rus-
sians Will Fall Back Across the Hun
River at Mukden and Make Another
Stand There—Estimates of the Russian
Dead Inereased by Thousands—An-
other General Assault on Port Arthur
Expected Early in November—Garri-
son There Told by Commander That
Kuropatkin Is Marching to Their Ald.

Spectal Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
Tokio, Oct. 17.—The result of the fight-
{ng yesterday on the Japanese left, where
Gene. Oku and Nodzu are cooperating
fn worrying the Russian retreat and at-
tempting to crush the enemy’s rear guard,
is not known yet. It is unefficially re-
ported, however, that it was going favor-
ably to the Japanese.,

Gen. Oku attacked the main force of the
Russian right, aiming te prevent the enemy
from using’ the railway. He occupied
Wufukiatun at noon| dislodging four bat-
talions of infantry and several batteries
@f artillery, and afterward he repulsed
with great loss an artillery counter at-
tack. .

Attacks and counter-attacks alternated
throughout the day. Many of the Rus-
sians engaged on the right were new and
apparently raw troops. They did not
show the stubbornness of the veterans.

It is believed that the stand being made
by the Russian right is to enable the main
army to cross the Hun River, the northern
bank of which is strongly intrenched.
It is expected that the Russians will make
another stand there.

There is little news concerning the Jap-
anese right. Nothing has been received
confirming the report that a large Russian
force has been isolated there.

Ths fighting yesterday greatly increased
the casualties. The number of Russians
killed is now placed at 17,000, but this ap-
parently is largely conjectured.

The headquarters staff calculates that
the Russian army at the outset numbered
200,000 infantry, 2,600 cavalry and 950 guns.

Field Marsha! Oyama officially designates
the whole engagement since Oct. 10, hitherto
unnamed, as the Battle of Shaho.

The Japanese captured fourteen more
guns yesterday.

HOPES JAPS HAVE BEEN CHECKED.

St. PETERSBURG, Oct. 17.—The General
Staff expresses the hope that the advance
of the Japanese has been stopped at the
Sha River. The Russians have held \their
positions on the north side of the river
for the past three days. .

Gen. Sakharoff reports that on Saturday
the Japanese attacked the Russian centre
and were repulsed. On the next day two
Russian regiments attacked an isolated
position held by the Japanese, dislodged
them and forced them to retreat across the
Sha River under cover of their artillery.
The reserves, after a hot battle, drove the
Japanese from a second position while an
artillery duel was proceeding on the left
front.

The Russians, following up their success,
pursued the Japanese for two kilometres.
The fighting was not ended until morning.
Then it was found that the Russians had
captured the whole Japanese position and
that eleven guns and one Maxim had fallen
into their hands.

A further despatch from Gen. Sakharoff
says that on Saturday the Japanese attacked
the Russian right flank. The Russians de-
livered a counter attack and succeeded in
eccupying Lishinpu.

JAPANESE BRAVERY.

A despatch to the Viedomosti, dated to-
day, at Mukden, states that a General of
division, who was wounded in the foot
and whose troops were a part of a force told
off to hold the rocky heights on the east
front of the Russian line during last week's
battle, passed through Mukden to-day,
and said:

“Theattack of the Japanese was of an un-
heard of character. Their losses were ter-
rible, as the troops had to climb almost
vertical slopes in the face of a hail of bul-
lets. The Twenty-third Siberian Regiment
lifted into the air several Japanese on the
point of their bayonets. The Turkish war
Was a joke to this one.”

LO88 OF JAPANESE GUNS. ~~

MUKDEN, Oct. 17.—The battle was re-
newed yesterday and was especially heavy
at midvight. ‘

The Russians are maintaining their posi-
tions along the River Sha. It is reported
that they have captured six Jananese guns.
The fighting is now centred on the plain.

Paris, Oct. 17.—A despatch to the Echo
de Poria from St. Petersburg says that Gen.
Kuropatkin had yesterday still three divi-
sions in reserve. The Japanese, who are
in as great strength as the Russians, are
receiving reenforcements continually. It
is feared that Gen. Rennenkampf and his
division, operating on the extreme left,
may be cut off. '

HUNDREDS HACKED TO PIECES.

Lonpon, Oct. 17.—Correspondents de-
scribing the carnage in the battle of the
Shaho record the terrible results of the
hand-to-hand fighting. Whenever the
Japanese stormed a position the Russians,
after delivering volley after volley, would
rush out of their trenches, meeting the
assailants with bayonets, knives and clubbed
rifles in endeavors to stop the advance,

DEWEY'S (1904 VINTAGE) GRAPE JUICE.
The best we have ever pressed.
H. 1. Dewey & Sons Co., 125 Fulton St,, N.Y. Ade.

 

 

OS

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.—cevsrioh, 101, bv rhe Sun Prindng ond PublaNing Assocation
MINE Fine GAINS HbADWAY. | TODS SPREAD OF Sf, REGIS,

Hundreds were hacked to pleces with
bayonets and knives, while others had their
skulls crushed with rifle butts,

The surgeons on both sides found it im-
possible to cope with the ukceasing stream
of wounded. Tho best organized hospitals
were wholly inadequate for such furious
fighting. ‘Thousands of woundod lay on
the fleld for hours without attention,
crawled in pitiful agony, seeking help and
shelter,

Thunderstorms increased the agonies
of the wounded, many of whom cried to
passersby to be put out of thelr misery
or to be taken out of therain. Rivuleta
from the hillsides caused by the downpour
were crimeoned. with blood.

Some of the heaviest Ruasian losses
were among the Jewish, Finnish and Polish
regiments. Bodies lay sometimes six deep
after the hand-to-hand struggles.

A news agency despatch says that at least
23,000 Russian wounded arrived at Mukden
last week, :

STAND AT THE SHA RIVER.

LonDon, Oct, 17.—Nine days fighting
has not brought the battle of the Shaho
to an end. The latest news is contained
in Gen, Sakharoff's despatch, which is
dated Oct. 17, 8 A. M. There is nothing
from any source justifying even an infer-
ence of what has happened since. All
accounte agree in stating that the fighting
to the westward on Sunday was of the
fiercest character. The Ruséians suc-
ceeded in holding the Japanese along the
Shaho.

The Standard's correspondent with Gen.
Kuroki'’s army, telegraphing under date
of Saturday, says that despite the Russian
resistance it would be hard for them to
escape the net which is closing them in.
Their case was extremely desperate. How
far the rally on Sunday bettered this position
is at present only conjectural.

Other correspondents mention that a huge
baggage train was visible north of the Rus-
sian lines, and itis assumed that the counter
attacks largely aim at preventing ite cap-
ture.

NEXT PORT ARTHUR ASSAULT

To Be Made Early in November, Chefoo

 

Hears.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUx.
Lonpon, Oct. 18.—JIhe Chefoo cor-

respondent of the Daily Mail says he learns
from a Russian source that the next gen-
eral assault on Port Arthur will be made
early in November. Gen. Stoessel has
issued a general order exhorting the gar-
rison to renewed efforts. He says that
the severest trials of the siege are yet to
come, but success is not to be doubted,
as Gen. Kouropatkin’s great army is marche
ing to relieve the fortress.

A news agency issues what is said to be
the first telegram that has been allowed to
leave the lines of the Japanese at Port
Arthur since the siege began. It is dated
Oct. 11, but merely deals with incidents
that occurred prior to July 80. It saya that
the Japanese successes have been dearly
purchased, but that they are wonderful
considering the nature of

sian losses up to July 30 are placed at 1,500
and the Japanese at 5,000.

SHancHat, Oct. 17.-—-The Japanese at
Port Arthur are using balloons to direct
their high angle fire on the fortress and
Russian fleet.

ON TO HARBIN, SAYS HAYASHI,

Japanese Minister in London Declares War
Will Continue All Winter.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, Oct. 17.—In an interview to-day
Viscount Hayashi, the Japanese Minister,
lamented the appalling sacrifice of life
that has been made during the war, but,
he asked, how is it to be helped? Replying
to his own question , he said there was noth-
ing to do but go on. It was not for Japan
to judge when peace should be restored.
That rested upon the Czar's Government.
Japan had never sought war.

The Minister declared that the weather
would not interfere with the Japanese
movements. The war would continue this
winter. The next object of the Japanese
would be the capture of Tieling, after which
nothing would prevent them from ad-
vancing on Harbin.

BALTIC FLEET COALING.

Russian Warahips Not Yet Out of the Great
Belt.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 17.—A despatch to Lloyds
from Elsinore says that twenty-four Russian
warships passed through the Great Belt
at 7 o'clock this morning, steering north.

COPENHAGEN, Oct. 17.—The Russian war-
ships of the Baltic fleet, which sailed from
Libhu early yesterday, are coaling from
four steamships under the Langeland,
which is in the southern part of the Great
Belt.

TO RAISE NEW ARMY OF 600,000.

Rome Hears That the Czar Will Send That
Many More Men.

Spectat Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Rome, Oct. 17,—The St. Petersburg cor-
respondent of the Giornale di Roma says
that, after a consultation between the Czar
and Gen. Gripenberg to-day, it waa decided
to mobilize 600,000 more troops and to

abandon, Manchuria for the present.

 

 

DIED IN CAR SHE RAN FOR,

Refused to Go to a Hospital When Stricken
With Heart Failure,

Mary Fitzeimmons, 49 years old, a spinster
living at 349 East Thirtieth atreet, died in a
Twenty-eighth street car yesteroay while
going to her home. Miss Fitzsimmons
and her sister Margaret had been in the shop-
ping district and they ran half a block on
Sixth avenue to catch the crosstown car,
Once in the car Mary Fitzsimmons com-
plained of feeling ill, and when the car
reached Broaclway she collapsed.

Policeman Converse Wanted to summon
an ambulance but the sick woman's sister
would not hear of it. The car had stopped
and there was some excitement among the
other passengers. _Rouncsman Dennon
ordered Policeman Converse to ride home
withthe sick woran. When the carsto
on First avenue at Thirtieth street ry
Fitzsimmons waa dead. Heort failure is
supposed to have been the cause,

Give Up Nebraska to Roosevelt.
Senator William J. Stone of Missouri
said yesterday that the Western Democrats
had given up all hope of carrying Nebraska

d e Parker.
1h ee oe, however, to have a Demo-
cratic State Legislature,” he said, “because
of the fusion in the State campaign between
the Democrats and Populists. fusion
does not include the national ticket. Should
there be a Democratic majority in the State
Legislature, Bryan will be sent to the

Senate.”

 

| move the workmen ceased their d

 

MILITIA CALLED OUT TO
PRESERVE ORDER.

THE

Fight Between Itallan Laborers and Vil-
lagers Over the Laying of Railroad
Tracks—Fifty Persons Wounded, Win-
dows Smashed and Fences 'Trorn Down,

Urica, Oct. 17.—The Oneonta, Coopers-
town and Richfield Springs Railroad Com-
pany, operaing fifty-five miles of electric
railroad heween Mohawk and Oneonta,
attempted to connect its tracks in Mohawk
with the Utica and Mohawk Valley Railroad
line to-day, against the wishes of the village
authorities, and a riot, participated in by
a mob of 200 Italian laborers and a crowd
of several hundred citizens, including the
entire Mohawk Fire Department, was the
result.

No one was killed, but scores were pain-
fully injured in the mélée, which began
in the forenoon and lasted until darkness
intervened to-night, by which time Com-
pany G, Foufth Battalion, National Guard,
had arrived on the scene prepared to main-
tain order,

Property was damaged in the vicinity of
the battle, dozens of plate glass windows
in adjoining stores being smashed, fences
torn up in the rush for weapons, and rail-
road belongings sacrificed to the fury of
the indignant villagers.

A few days ago Receiver Jennings of the
railroad company served an injunction
on the village trustees and other village
Officers restraining them from interfering
while the connection of the two roads was
being made. Residents who had discussed
the matter were also enjoined. ‘The rail-
road company had asked for a franchise
for the connection, but it was held up by
the village authorities until the trolley com-
pany paid $15,000 into the village treasury.
Instead of doing this,the company quietly
secured an injunction and at daylight
this morning served it upon tbe village
officers. Within ten rojnutes thereafter
two carloads of Italian workmen aud the
material necessary for making the track
connection were deposited on the section
of highway in dispute.

The news spread through the village like
wildfire, and within an hour the streets
were crowded with excited workmen,
many of whorn had left the factory or store
to prevent, if possible, what all agreed
was the theft of their property. Chief of
Police Brunner was appealed to, as was
also Sheriff Richards, but both said that
their hands were effectually tied by the
restraining order and Tefused to act.

Meanwhile the Italian laborers worked
merrily on, excavating a trench and laying
the cross ties, and each moment the indig-
nation of the citizens mounted higher.
Finally the people, finding that the village
board could do nothing, deter:nined to act
for themselves.

At about 10 o'clock the volunteer fire
department was called out by the vigorous
ringing of the fire alarm. ge re
vand with pickaxes, shovels and crowbars
held aot moved toward the firemen and

e battle was on.
ovale the fire laddies directed a four-inch
stream net the on ‘ae,

"about nthe

| nom!
i t vil rs let fly rocks,
SHcee (hon elke and peeea.ct

bricks, iron ts and board, and
two of the more excited citizens pulled
revolvers and blazed away at the workmen,
none of whom was etruck, however, by
the bullets.

The Italians wielded their weapons dex-
terously and within ten minutes after the
battle started fifty of the participanta had
been wounded more or less seriously. Sev-
eral suffered broken arms, two of the Ital-
ians had their kneeca fractured, but
the greater number injured suffered
from severe scope wounds. The village
police force finally succeeded in separa-
ting the belligerents, anda number of physi-
cians were gummoned to sew up the cute
and set the fractured Hmbg, Shortly after-
ward such Italians as had not been inea-
pacitated resumed the task of laying the
tracks.

At 10 o'clock this afternoon the citizens
were reenforced by a large party of resi-
dents of the village who work in Ilion and
who hastened to Mohawk when news of
the battle reached them. Quickly plans
were formulated for another attack on the
interlopers, but this time they decided
to fight their battle with hose streams.
The fire alarm was again sounded and the
firemen responded with all the flame-fight-
ing apparatus the town owns. Three
streams were directed at the Italians from
different points, and though the laborers
hurled their pickaxes and shovels at their
assailants, they were utterly routed for the
The cltl ptly ripped up the cross-

e citizens promptly rip

ties which hed been laid and ‘filled in the
trench, but the trouble was not yet at
an end, as the Italians returned to the at-
tack and prepared for a fight at close quar-
ters, many carrying heavy pins and a few
drawing knives, At this the army of citi-
zens withdrew and awaited the arrival of
the company of militia which is now quar-
tered in the village and which the Sheriff
had finally called upon when the fighting
had assumed such a serious phase. ;

To-night the situation in Mohawk is
peaceful, but to-morrow may witness a
repetition of to-day's events if the village
board, which is in session late this evening,
should decide to abide by its determination
to withhold the franchises desired by the
railroad company and the latter should
renew its attempt to lay the connecting
link between its own line and the tracks
of the Utica and Mohawk Valley Company.

KILLED WIFE AND POLICEMAN.

Insane Laborer Commite a Double Murder
in Brookline, Mass.

Boston, Oct. 17.—Henry Bowles, aged
36, a Brookline laborer, shot and killed
his wife late this afternoon, and a few min-
utes later killed Patrolman Joseph McMur-
ray, who was eent to arrest him. The
murderer, who is undoubtedly insane,
was arrested and is now locked upat the
police station in Brookline.

Bowles reached his home, at 88 Boylston
street, shortly after 5 o'clock, and he had
not been in the house long when the neigh-
bors heard loud talking and a pistol! shot.
The police were notified and Sergt. O'Con-
nell and Policeman McMurray were sent to
arrest the murderer. Bowles had locked
himself in the house and refused to admit
the policemen,

They started to break in the door, and
when it had been forced partly open Bowles
fired two shots, one of which struck MoMur-
ray below the collarbone. He was taken
to the police station, but bled to death.
More police were sent to the place and the
house was surrounded. Two men crept
into the room where Bowles was and put
the handcuffs on him. He made no state-
ment. Mrs. Bowles was found dead on
the floor, with her head nearly blown off.

The police say they believe that drink is
at the bottorn of Bowles’s condition.

 

A TRIP TO REMEMBER
To the World's Fair on the St. Louls Limited, via
Pennsylvania Raliroad. ulickéest time; luxurious
appointments; no extra fare to the Exposition.
—Adt

 

There ts only. one Empire State Express, and {9
runs over the New York Central at the most ra
rate for the distance of any trafn in the world.
Ade.

 

   

 

 

 

fety of the Village of Excelsior, Pa.,
Overhead, Is Endangered.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Oct. 17.—The fire in the

Enterprise mine, which started on Saturday

morning, has assumed such alarming pro-
portions that fears are entertained that
part of the village of Excelsior, underneath
which the mine runs, may be swallowed
up by cave-ins, if the fire cannot be checked.
The Pennsylvania and Reading railroads
are also in peril. They run over part of
the danger zone. ;

Officials of both companies, after go-
ing over the maps, found that only 180
feet of ground separated the tracks from
the mines. All trains are now passing
over the underground workings with much
caution. Watchmen patrol the tracks and
portable telegraph offices have been con-
structed so that the headquarters of each
company may be in momentary grasp of
the situation.

The mine fire has raged eo fiercely that
all the timber in the stope has been con-
sumed, and it is thought the flames pushed
their way to the mammoth vein and ig-
nited it. This vein is the thickest and
best in the coa¥ field, and if it becomes
ignited thoroughly it may take years to
conquer the blaze. Mine Inspector Evans
of this district said this afternoon if the
fire was not out in a few days it would re
quire many months before the end could be
seen.

DISORDER IN CUBAN HOUSE.

Public Expelled for Making Attacks on
President Palma.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Havana, Oct. 17.—In the House of Rep-
resentatives to-day a message was read
from President Palma asking for an ap-
propriation of $1,500,000 for public works,

 

‘nearly a million of which it is proposed to

expend in Santiago province. The mes-
sage was referred to a committee. Several
Moderates and Liberals declared that the
motive prompting the request for the ap-
propriation was a desire to obtain votes
by spending the public funds.

The session degenerated into a small
riot, in which the spectators in the publio
gallery took part. Several uncompliment-
ary remarks were made regarding President
Palma, which resulted in the public be.ng
expelled from the House.

There are some attacks upon President
Palma in the local papers, which are
prompted by political or possibly financial
motives. The ground of attack is that the
President falgified the reciprocity treaty
when he raised the tariffs, but power to do
this was conferred upon the President by
the Congress last January. No figures are
given to sustain the attacks.

HEINZE TICKET RULED OUT.

 

 

om the Official Ballot.

HELENA, Mont., Oot. 17.—The Supreme
Court to-day made two important decisions
relating to the official ballot to be used
at the coming election. In the ee o
court gratited the arder
George T. Athoy, naan tottines for
clerk of the Supreme Court, that the Secre-
tary of State remove from the ballot the
two Heinze ticketa, termed respectively
anti-Trust Republican and anti-Trust
Democratic, on the ground that they had

‘held no regularly organized nominating

conventions.

The second decision consisted in the
filing of a written order addressed to the
Secretary of State, ordering him to place
upon the official ballot the name of A. J.
Galen, Republican nominee for Attorney-
General. In the filing of the nominations,
some time ago, the Republican committee
inadvertently omitted Galen's name, and
the error was not discovered until after
the time limit prescribed by law for filing
nominations.

BOY STONES CROTON LOCAL.

One Woman on the Train Stunned and
Another Slightly Hart.

While the Croton local which leaves the
Grand Central Station at 6:35 P. M. was
approaching Spuyten Duyvil last night, a
stone 2% inches thiok, was thrown through
a window in one of the cars. It grazed the
face of Mrs. William Boacher of Palisade
avenue and Lafayette place, Yonkers, and
struck a Miss Ellan of the same address, in
the forehead.

Mrs. Boscher was practically unhurt,
but Miss Ellan fainted and fell into the
aisle. The oar was full of women and the
stone fell finally Into a woman's lap.

At the Spuyten Duyvil station the station
agent offered to summon a physician, but
Miss Ellan had recovered consciousness,
and declined. When the train reached
Yonkers the policéhad a cub for tee two
women and they were taken home. .

The police of the Kingsbridge station
found that the stone had been thrown at a
point where the train passes through an
Italian colony and they learned that a boy
had thrown it.

SENATOR ASKED TO RESIGN.

Arkansas Oficlal Accused of Immorality
Denouneed by Citizens.

LitrLeE Rock, Ark., Oct. 17—A mass
meeting of citizens of Perry county was
held at Perryville to-day to take action
against State Senator Albert W. Rison,
against whom charges of immorality have
been preferred by his older brother, R. E.
Rison. A committee reported, stating that
the charges have been fully investigated
and found to be true.

With the evidence offered was a copy of
the divorce complaint of R. E. son

ainst his wife, charging her with in-
fidelity and naming the Senator as the co-
respondent. <A resolution was unanimously
adopted requesting Senator Rison to re-
sign his seat in the State Senate, and if he
reriees to do so a committee was appointed
to prefer charges against him and endeavor
to Dave the State Senate expel him. The
Senator says he will not resign.

WHITE SOLDIER WEDS NEGRESS

She Had Nursed Him in Cuba—Rumor
That He Will Be Discharged. -

SauLeM, N. J., Oct. 17.—John T. Smith, a
member of the hospital corps of the Forty-
second Coast Artillery at Fort Mott, has
married a colored woman, and it is said that
Hospital Surgeon Sparrenberger has called
for Smith's discharge and that the matter
has been referred to the War Depart-
ment. .

Smith was a member of the Sixteenth
Infantry, stationed at Cuba, and caught

ellow fever. For two months he hu
ween life and death. and Sara Wolfert,
a Virginia negress and member of the
Volunteer Red Cross Society, nursed him.
After he recovered Smith was ordered to
Fort Mott, about eight miles from this city.
He corresponded with the young woman
and about two monthe ago she came to
Salam. They were married on Tuesday,
Sept. 20. The wedding was kept quiet.

 

 

 

 

®

————

 

10 TO 3 OF FERED ON ROOSEVELT,

And 10 to 8 on Herrick—Pienty of Betting
Money in Brokers’ Hands,

The biggest bet made in Wall Street
yesterday was on the result of the New
Jersey State election, Mendham Bros. bet-
ting $5,000 to $7,000 that Black, the Demo-
cratic candidate, would carry that State.
J. J. Judge bet $1,000 to $800 that Herrick
will carry New York State. A great deal
~of money was put in the hands of brokers
to wager on Roosevelt's chances in this
State; including $1,000 that Charles H.
Marshall has to bet against $800 and $5,000
which Wasserman Bros, have to bet against
$3,500. Marshall has $4,000 to bet against
$1,000 that Roosevelt will be elected, and
A. Sartorius has $1,000 to bet against $350
on the same result. Sartorius also offers
$750 against $600 on Herrick. Fred H.
Brooks offers even money that Roosevelt
will carry the State by 20,000 plurality.
He offers odds of 10 to 8 on Roosevelt's
election and 5 to 4 on Herrick's election.

DECLINES A BISHOPRIC.’

The Rev. Dr. Lioyd of This City Decides
Not te Go te Kentucky.

LovIsvILLE, Ky., Oct. 17.—Charles H.
Pettet this morning received a telegram
from William A. Robinson announcing
that the Rey. Dr. Arthur;S. Lloyd of New
York has declined the Episcopal Bishopric
of Kentuoky, to which he was elected three
weeks ago.

No reason for Dr.Lloyd’s action was given,
but it is supposed that he could not give up
his duties as secretary of the Episcopal
Board of Missions. He is the second man
who has declined after being elected.
The Rev. Dr. Murray of Baltimore was
first chosen.

LADY OURZON BETTER.

Improvement tin Her Condition Is Being
Maintained.
Speatal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LonpDoN, Oot. 17.—A bulletin issued this
morning at Walmer place, to which resi-
dence Lady Curzon has been transferred
from Walmer Cas‘le, says that she passed
a fair night and that the improvement in
her condition which manifested itself yes-
terday continues.

MUST SHOW THEIR BOOKS.

Labor Union's Records Not Exempt From
Examination, a Judge Decides.

WILKESBABRE, Pa., Oct. 17.—Judge Ferris
to-day decided that labor unions are not
immune from an examination of their
books when charged with violating an in-
junction, The case is that of the Carpenters
and Joiners’ Union, charged with violating
an injunction forbidding the union to boy-
cott the lumber firm of J. E. Patterson &
Co. The union's officers were ordered
to bring their books into court at the com-
Pany's request so that all the names of the
responsible officers could be obtained.
They took refuge in the fifth amendment
of the Constitution, which protects a man
from incriminating himeelf.
sen Borris, decided, poeewmr that if

 

  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
  

 

WM. ROCKEFELLER BUYS HOUSE
OF JOHN R. PLATT.

 

No Way Visible Now for Col. Astor's Hotel
to Break Out Into 54th 8t.—Man Wao Is
Suing Hannah Elias Believed to Have
Got Over $103,000 for Property.

The four story brownstone dwelling at
7 Fast Fifty-fourth street belonging to
John R. Platt of Hannah Elias fame was
bought yesterday by William Rockefeller.
The house has been occupied by Mr. Platt
and his daughter, Mrs, William J. Cassard,
and is not included among the numerous
gifte of realty which he is trying to recover
from the Elias woman. The Farmers’
Loan and Trust Company acted as trustees
for Mr. Platt ip the sale, and Mrs. Cassard
joined in the transaction as part owner.

The deal was put through’ by William
A. White & Sons. The price is not known,
but the property is valued on the tax books
at $103,000. Mr. Rockefeller is believed
to have paid a great deal more than that,
as the site is of strategic importance in his
fight to prevent John Jacob Astor from
making further additions to the St. Regis
Hotel at the southeast corner of Fifth
avenue and Fifty-fifth street.

‘Mr. Rockefeller's residence is at the
northeast corner of Fifth avenue and Fifty-
fourth street, He also owns the adjoin-
ing house on the.avenue, as well as those at
8 and 5 East Fifty-fourth street. The
purohase of the Platt house, coupled with
the attitude of adjacent property owners,
gsems to effectually shut out any chance of
Mr. Astor's securing a Fifty-fourth street
entrance tothe St. Regis. Mr. Rockefeller's
holdings in that street now extend along
the entire rear of the Fifty-fifth street
end of the hotel, including the greater
part of the annex under construction at
6, 8 and 10 East Fifty-fifth street.

Work on this annex was suspended about
a month ago by order of the Building Com-
missioner, on the ground that the structure,
although it conformed to the plans of the
architecta as passed by the Building De-
partment,foccupied a larger percentage of
the site than the Jaw permits, Aninterpre-
tation of the point in dispute is now being
sought in the courts. ;

The site, too, has been involved in litiga-
tion. The easterly twenty-three feet, at 10
East Fifty-fifth street, was bought by a firm
of builders from Joseph Pulitzer in 1902.
This piece formed part of the site of the
old Pulitzer residence, at 10 and 12 East
Fifty-fifth street. The firm received a
bonus of $17,500 from Mr. Rockefeller and
other adjacent owners upon condition
that the plot should be restricted to private
residences. The firm then sold No. 10 to
Mr. Astor, who promptly incorporated it
in the site of his projected annex. The
property owners who had paid for the
restriction of No. 10 brought sult for an
injunction to restrain Mr. Astor from bulld-
ing anything a private house on it.

) Theiinjunction. was denied by the court,

The next fight
his hands was to secure a bar license, the
granting of which was opposed by his
neighbors on the ground that the hotel
entrance was within 200 feet of the Fifth
Avenue Presbyterian Church. This ob-
jection was removed by purchasing the
Everard residence at 607 Fifth avenue,
and putting the wine oellars and bar there.

 

 

 

 

 

BOY SPARROW HUNTER KILLED.

Playmate Accidentally Sends Ballet Threugh
11-Year-Old’s Heart.

Tarrytown, N. Y., Oct. 17.—John Ikwild,
18 years old, of this place, accidentally
killed his playmate, John Schneider, 11
years old, while they were on Pocantico
street shooting sparrows with a rifle this
afternoon. The Schneider boy had just
killed a sparrow, and while he was running
to get the bird Ikwild picked up the rifle
and fired. The bullet passed through the
Schneider boy's back and heart, killing
him instantly.

The Ikwild lad is almost insane from
grief. ax

NOT PERMITTED TO LAND.

Justice Herville of Tahiti Stopped at Frisco
Becauss He Has Tuberculosis,

WASHINGTON, Oct, 17.—Because Justice
Amadse Herville of the Tahiti Islands is
suffering from tuberoulosis the immigra-
tion authorities to-day decided that under
the law he cannot, be permitted to land at
San Francisco and cross the continent to

 

SUES FOX AND LAFE GLEASON.

American Political League Man Wants
850,000 From Each of ’Em.

Seoretary Reuben L. Fox of the Repub-
lican county committee and Lafayette B.
Gleason, head of the committee's bureau
of speakers, have been sued for slander
by William L. Elsworth, president of the
American Political League. The suit has
been begun in the Supreme Court and
summonses were served yesterday on
Messrs. Fox and Gleason, from whom
damages to the amount of $50,000 each
are claimed.

From Mr. Slosson it was learned last
night thet in 1902 Elsworth made a claim
against the county committee for $500 for
political services. Col. Dunn, the then
chairman of the committee, said that he had

 

agreed to pay Elsworth only $100. Ele- | New York on his wayto France. Tubercu-
worth sued for the $500 and finally Col. isos i!
Dunn d the money to avoid fighting the losis is held to be a contagious disease,

within the meaning of the immigration
law, and Justice Herville will. therefore
be compelled to return to Tahiti or con-
tinue his journey to Europe by way of
some Mexican port.

case in the court. In the preliminary

pers filed for the defence in the case
there was a letter includad, which, accord-
ing to Mr. Slosson, who was Col. Dunn's
counsel, was derogatory to Mr. Elsworth.

Last Tuesday Mr. Elsworth went to the
speakers’ bureau of the Republican county
committee and asked to have speakers
assigned to a meeting he was organizing
to be held in Chickering Hall. Some un-
pleasantness occurred between Mr. Els-
worth and Mr. Gleason, and in the course
of it Mr. Elaworth acoused the county com-
mittee officials of circulating the letter
referred to. The outcome of the row is
the action age bet Mr. Gleason and Mr.
Fox. F. E. rnard of 220 Broadway is
counsel for Mr. Elsworth.

WOMAN KILLS WOMAN.

Annie Martin Owns to Throwing a Lighted
Lamp at Her Visitor.

Annie Martin, who had been drinking all
day yesterday in her rooms at 247 East
Sixty-second street with another woman,
who had accosted her on the stoop on Sun-
day, threw a lighted lamp at her last even-
ing. The other woman ran out with her
clothes afire, and was burned to death in
the hall, after ying to get into the rooms
of other tenants. Mrs. Martin was locked
up, on her confession that she had thrown
the lamp.

Her baby went to the cell with her. She
says her husband is a park employee.

Thevdead woman was identified as Nellie
MoCarty, a servant at the Ashland House,

WILL NOT PARADE THIS YEAR.

Business Men's Republican and sound
Money Association Drops It.

The Business Men's Republican and Sound

Money Association has dropped all idea of

 

EX-CONVICT ON THE RAMPAGE.

Steals Revolver to Shoot Man Who Had
Sent Him to Jail.

4
Paterson, N. J., Oct. 17.—* Buck” Con-
nor, an ex-convict, went into Johnson's
hardware store this afternoon and, after
ooking at several revolvers, selected one
and filled it with cartridges. He there-
upon pointed it at the salesman’s head and

backed out of the store, saying he would
like to see the fool that would attempt to

stop him. a parade this year. When the association
When he got into crowded Main street } made ita usual Spplisayen for a permit
he _ scatte men, women and children | for the Saturday fore election Police

Commissioner McAdoo told the members
that the Democrats had got ahead of them
with an Berean for that date. At a
meeting of the association last night at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel it was decided
to abandon the parade and to hold instead
$ mass meeting in Carnegie Hal) about
ov. 3.

News by Wireless, London to Manchester.
Special Cable Despatch ta TRE SuN.
LonpDon, Oct. 17.—The De Forest Wire-
less Telegraph Company has entered into
a contract with the Daily 3/ail to transmit
by its system a daily news service between
London and Manchester.

Co-Fd Faints at a College Rash.

CINCINNATI, Oct, 17.—No co-eds were hurt
in the University of Cincinnati flagrush
to-day. Miss Ella Dubray of Avondale, a
co-ed, fainted from excitement while watch-
ing the contest and then became hysterical
and was sent home.

with threats of death and made for a trolley
car packed with people. He swung onto
the platform, frightening several women
into a faint, and was forcing himaelf into
the car when Patro]man Kissick laid him
low with a blow on the head. At the sta-
tion Connors said he stole the revolver to
shoot the man whose testimony had sent
him to jeu.

 

 

RUSSIA BUYING RAIDERS.

 

Reported to Have Secured Several South
American Warships.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Lonpor, Oct. 18.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the 7'e egraph revives in
a new form the story that Ruasia is ob-
taining South American warships. He
says that judging from the status of tho
officials who affirm the statement {it must
be true.
It is to the effect that Russia has induced
three of the South sean Republics to PRECIOUS STONES.
depart from strict neutrality and to sell { _ An exceptional lot of diamonds, solitaires, choice
warships, which will be used to prey on by order of the, provident Fun" Society West" ead
. Office, at the Fifth Avenue Auction Rooms,
238 bth Ave., on Tucs., Wed. and Thurs. mornings,
Oct. 18, 10 and 20, at 10 o'clock. —Adt.

 

 

 

 

 

Insist upon having Barmett’s Viailic.—Ads.

Tousvayr, Ocronys 18,1904,

leaps eens cee ne re

8 Fair and warmer to-day; fair to-morrow; =

fresh west winds,

 

PRICE TWO CENTS. .
HERRICK GIVES A PLEDGE,

GOD HELPING ME, HE SAYS, FOR
AN HONEST STATE GOVERNMENT.
Impressive Peroration to His Speech on.
Odellism Stirs Up Wild Enthustasnt
in Madison Square Garden—Great
Audience Cool Save te State Isucs
Cheers Bryan’s Name and Applauds
McClellan, Littleton and Congress
man Lamb—Herrick Telis What Qdell«
ism Means and Promises Home Rule
—‘The People Are te Be Trasted,.”

The Parker Constitution Club, with the
help of the Democratic and Manhattan
Clubs, held a Parker and Davis ratification
meeting in Madison Square Garden last
night with a fine free show of fireworks in
Madson Square as a curtain raiser.

The Hon, D-Cady Herrick came ta town
to talk for the State ticket, and was the
principal speaker at the meeting. The
reception he had was a remarkable one,
Very little enthusiasm was provoked by
the other speeches. Indeed, when Judge
Herrick concluded his remarks, there was
a considérable exodus from the ae
The name of Parker stirred applause
spots and places in the great amphitheatre,
but; even with the help of the rooters it
was sustained with difficulty for not longer
than a few seconds at a time.

Judge Herrick started in by saying:
“I thank you for this cordial greeting and
I bring you good cheer. For the past
few days I have been speaking in various
parte of the State, and I tell you that‘if the
election were held to-morrow Alton Brooks
Parker would get the electoral vote of
New York.”

There was polite applause at this state-
ment and some of the women waved flags,
But the demonstration didn't have a very
hearty ring. The Judge stuck valiantly
to the national end of his job for about
fifteen minutes more, Then he went straight
at State issues.

ODELLISM SOLE ISSUE THAT STIRRED,

The change in the temper of the audiences
was marked. Judge Herrick had been talk-
ing about Odellism for not more than five
minutes when a man leaning against one of
the western props of the platform shouted,
in a voice that would have reachea to Thira
avenue:

“Good boy, Judge! Souse ’em!*

The audience cheered this good and hard,
and the slight chill in the atmosphere was
dissipated.

Judge Herrick talked about the con-
duct of the State institutions for the feeble
minded and told how, under the Odell
régime, the infirmities of humanity had been
made to pay their tribute to graft, He
took up the taxation of the savings of the
poor and the audience punctuated every {
sentence with cheers. Finally the speaker |
got down to the Democratic plan to amend
the Raines law and told how that measure |
in practice had lent itself to the pi |
tion of vice in the large cities. Men end :
women applauded for all they were worth

JUDGE HERRICK OFFERS A PLEDGB. el

Finally came a short but impressive ,
peroration. Judge Herrick dropped his:
manuscript and, looking over the crowd ‘
deliberately for a second or two, said in:
substance;

mies, the disappointment and e-
ment of personal and political f {
But I have heard the call of m ped
answered. Spnieuse | ; t

or their Governor [he raised |
both hands as if to emphasize what he was
about to say], I pledge you ba f word, under |
God, to ter the trust fearleasty

’ and
aoe he Soden t di th judience
the sat down the great a
jumped up. The men and {
lauded, the wornen waved and
erchiefs. The whole audience
up for five minutes. Then the Hon.
oe Bill” Stone,'a Senator in Congress -
from Missouri, arose to talk Parker and
more national issues, Many of the audi- |
ence roao with him and went out. The
tramp of the outgoers made it impossible
for Mr. Stone to e himself heard.
“The audience will be in order!” shouted

 

 

i

Mayor McClellan, chairman of the meet- :
ing. But_the crowd had started and |
those on their feet continued on their way.

The arrangements for the meeting
not have been better. The d }
were eno The rafters = roof |
were hidden by a great canopy flags,
unbeed by pry incandescent lamp.

e platform, flag wrapped, was
in the middle of the north wall, A fine

band played in the east gallery.
NOT LIKE THE OLD CAMPAIGN DAYS,
The great amphitheatre was well filled,

but those with memories eight years long
could not help but compare the ores !
with the monster demonstrations in 1906,
when Bryan packed not only the Garden,
but every approach thereto, and when,
later, Bourké Cockran did the same thing
when he replied to Bryan and raJlied Demo-

crats to the support of MoKinley. Be-
side either of those meetings the affair of
last night was like a side toacircus.

At no time was there any crowd around
the approaches to the Garden and ticket
holders had not the slightest difficulty in
Bowne through the police lines to the

oors, ,

The Hon. Randolph B. Guspenbetmer
called the meeting to order and introduced
Mayor McClellan as the chairman, The
Mayor was received with enthusiasm,

“It is evident,” he said, after he had.ewc-
ceeded in stilling the crowd, “that you
and I need no introduction.” ‘

There was another whoop then, In his
speech the Mayor said in part:

Mayor's Argument for Parker.

Every patriotio citizen should cast his
vote as his conscience directs, as though
the result of the’ election depended upon
the correctness of mas ent and the
purity of his motives. e believe that the
contention of the Democracy is so wise
and just and its Presidential candidate so
able, so prudent and so safe that if the
issues of this campaign are approached in a
spirit of true patriotism’ every intelligent
voter may gladly give his suffrage in support
of our cause,

It is of the first importance tothe le
who are the producers of all wealth how
much is taken from them by taxation for
the expenses of government. There is
no question that the people want an
economical administration, and in so far
as any government faila in the exercise of
reasonialile economy it is recreant to the
trust which it is called upon to ;
The people feel the burden of an extrava-
gant administration in a thousand ways,
and the present Administration and Repub-
lican rule for years have been heartlessly
extravagant.

LAW, NOT CAPRICE, MUST GOVERN,

This is a government of law--not one of
executive caprioe. The law binds the low-
liest citizen, but binds him no more than
it does the President. The lowliest citizen,
however, will scarcely feel ounies ve
the law if the example is set
‘ ap eon by se, Nese wae
the T'resident himself usur
of Congress, and by executive cle oh
tempting to add to his office the legislative
re. of the Severe t. Ps aliaabiaaile

owever great may one’s
for the meteoric rise of the no
true American will ever be re-

4