VOL, LXXIV.—NQ 163,

++NEW YORK,

TO SETTLE JAP SCHOOL ISSUE, | 78* Bvones KinD oF rouiries.

 

, PRESIDENT WINS CALIFORNIANS
OVER TO HIS VIEW,

 

They Hadn't More Than Reached Washing»
ton Before They Began to Bo Mollified
—Propesed Treaty Will Be Ail That
They Desire—White Heuse Meetings.

Wasurnaton, Feb. 9.—Two conferences
at the White House to-day have practically
cleared the way for an amicable and de-
cidedly satisfactory removal of any differ-
ences with Japan over the discrimination
against Japanese subjects in California.
The first conference was between President
Roosevelt and Mayor Schmitz'of San
Francisco, and they participated also in
the second and longer exchange of views
with Secretary Root and the members
of the San Francisco school board. The
Californians are in an amiable frame. of
mind and apparently willing to be guided

by the advice of the President and Secretary,

Root.

To the hypnotic influence of President
Roosevelt's personality the present attitude
of the San Francisco delegation must be
partly attributed. When the President
sent to Congress his special message about
the friction over the discrimination aginst
Japanese a great many people in California;
and particularly in San Francisco, were
very angry and said things about the Presi-
dent that were far from complimentary.
This feeling had not changed greatly when
San Francisco's Mayor and Board of Edu-
cation arrived here yesterday, and if the
members of the delegation shared it, @#hd
there is reason to believe that they did,
there has been a radical change in the
orinion which they had of the man in the
W)...e House.

As Mayor Schmitz and his companions
got off the train in Washington an invitation
from the President and Mrs. Roosevelt to
attend the White House reception in honor
of the army and navy was furnished each
of then. The reception took place Thursday
night and the San Franciscans would have
heen in tirme to have attended it if they
bad not been snowbound out in Nebraska.

Rut while they were disappointed in miss-
ing the function they were more than
pleased over the President's thoughtfulness.
They began to say kind things about him
last night, and after their interview with
him this afternoon they put their words
into song and chanted his praises without
regard to consequences. “He's just like a
man from the Coast,” they said.

Mayor Schmitz’s interview with the
President this morning paved the way
for the good feeling that prevailed at the
conference later in the day. There was a
frank and free interchange of views. The
Californians found that the President and
Secretary Root had a pretty clear concep-
tion of their grounds for grievance. .-

.If Mayor Schthitz and associates

had ‘an idea that Mr. It intended
to lay down the law to them and give them
no chance to compromise, they soon rea-
zed that they were greatly mistaken.
They were convinced that the. President
had no desire to insist upon the acceptance of
obnoxious terms. His frank manner pleased
them immensely, and there was no dispo-
sition on their part to oppose the sugges-
tions made for an adjustment of the exist-
ing differences in regard to the Japanese.

Asa result of the White House conference
the Japanese question has assumed a very
tatisfactory phase. In the first place,
es the San Francisco delegation was in-
formed to-day, the Governments of the
United States and Japan are engaged in
negotiating a general treaty which will
include provisions for ,the removal of
possible cause of friction.

\ Japan is apparently willing to agree
that her coolies shall be excluded from the
Vnited States, but she wants in return
en assurance that the treaty rights of
Japaness subjects in the United States
siail be respected and that these rights
6.all be construed to apply to the education
of the Japanese children in the schools
attended by the children of other races
or nationalities

The San Francisco delegation made it
plain to the President that the industrial
aspect of the matter was more important
than the educational feature, and while no
direct promiso was given that the San
Francisco Board of Education would remove
the restriction against the attendancs of
Japanes> at whit» schools in that city,
it vas wel! understood that this would be
cone if Japan would consent to having the
American Government forbid Japanese
coolies from entering this country. Reason
to bope that the diplomatic negotiations
no’ in protress + ould terminate in a man-
ner tivthly satisfactory to all the parties
concerned was given them.

‘hen the conference adjourned it was
wv th the understanding that Mayor Schmitz
and his aasociates would think over what
had been said to them by the President and
Secretary Root and would return on Mon-
day for a further conference. From What
is |:nown of the frame of mind of the Cali-
fornians there can be little doubt that they
will agree to the President's suggestion for
the removal of the discrimination against
Japanese in San Francisco.

It is said, but without official authority,
thet the projected treaty will contain a
stipulation that Japan and the United
Btates may each take such measures as it
may deem necessary to exclude the laborers
of the other country from its territory.

> This will enable the United States to debar
Japancse coolies from entering this country
or any American possession without giving
offence to Japan, which of course will have
an equa! right to refuse to permit American
laborers to land on Japanese soil.

When Mayor Scmitz left the White House
with the members of the Board of Educa-
tion he would not talk about the conferenge
excapt to say that no conclusion had been
reached and that there would be another

, conference on Monday, or perbaps not until
Tuesday.

 

 

NEW DRUG CURES CATARRH.

an interview to-day with the physicians of
‘he Austrian Dispensary, who have treated suc-
+ ss'ully thousands of cases of catarrh, asthma
‘nu bvronchiths wita the new drug, ascatco,
siatcment was made that these diseases are con-
siitutional, and in order to establish a tive
eure local treatments must be dispensed with and
the discags attacked constitutionally by internal
Teme es.

Under the original ten ment, the
Austrian peyenenry loca at No. eat Twenty-
Hito street, New York, are required to give a su
of ascatco to all callers ae os send it by mail free
Dlain wrapper to all those who write for it.—Adgs.

FLORIDA, AUgi er. A SU RMERV ELS a

The popular pouthern’s False Limited. Lv.N. ¥.
10 YM, Dra me eae © ta

itd, BB, Sad ed hagas
Cae

ved, yy, Olbees, 371

 

 
  

  
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
  

 

ernor Says It's Better to Be Right Than
‘ te Be Generous.

AvBany, Feb. 9.—Some of Gov. Hughes's
remarks at the State League of Clubs dinner
last night will interest some politicians,
Here they are:

“Twice a day,” he said, “I meet the people;
not the common people, but the uncommon
people. -I mean the newspaper men. They
ask me all sorts of questions and show me
how little I really know. To-day one of
them told me that I was down to speak
at a dinner to-night, and asked me what I
was going to say, and I told him I didn’t
know. ‘But,’ he said, ‘Governor, this is
the first dinner of a strictly partisan charac-
ter which you have addressed and we
would like to know what you are goin, to
say.’

. “Now,” continued the Governor, “I haven't
one face for organizations of citizens and
another for a Republican gathering. . I
what I have said at these gatherings is
sound it will seem good to me to exploit it
in the bosom of my political family.

‘“I' am nothing of a politician. There
are many here who could give me lessons in
Politics: But it seems to me there is only
ohe kind of politics that has a chance of
winning, and that is the kind which gives
efficient government. I am profoundly
impressed with the fact that the people are
tired of all kinds of politics which do not
work for their final good, their real in-
terésts and ue betterment of administra-
tion.

“The time has gone by when any politician
or officeholder who is detected in using
opportunities afforded him to feather his
own nest will long be left in the fore-
ground, and any politician who because
of his position seeks to advance his personal
interest deserves no respect as a politician.

“The Republican party has an unex-
ampled opportunity. It is free to do what
it will. It has ita future in its own keeping.
So far as I am concerned, disagreeable and
unpleasant as it is for me at times to run
counter to the free and generous and human
way of dealing with matters of importance,
I am confirmed in my belief that the true
plan is to solve each question by itself
when presented, to the end that honest
and efficient government may be secured.
That is what the people want. At any
rate, that is what I propose to give them.”

MURDERED AT HIS SHOP DOOR.

Malian Butcher the Latest Victim of the
Flourtshing Assassins.

A man supposed to be Filipo Bandozsa, a
butcher, of 177 Chrystie street, was shot
dead in.the doorway at that place shortly
after 9 o'clock last night. He was closing
the place and had just stepped out when a
pistol shot was heard and he was seen to
fall. Policeman Neiter ran up from his
post,a short distance away, but could get
no trace of theman who fired the shot.

According to several witnesses, the as-
sailant fired from a window of the big
double decked tenement opposite, at 176.
The police say, however, that the size and
position” of the wound show that the
in mugt.have held the weapon to the
‘Ot ‘the victim. The shot penetrated
thé“ heart and was from a .44 calibre re-
volver.

Thie is the third murder of the kind fn
this district within the last six weeks.
Capt. Mannion and the detectives of the
Eldridge street station lost no time in get-
ting around to the Chrystie street address,
but were able to learn nothing about the
assailant.

RUM IN KANSAS’S CAPITOL,

 

Mrs. MeHenry, Carrie Nation's Coll eague,
Finds a Blind Tiger for Pegisiators.
Topeka, Kan., Feb. 9.—The Kansas
Legislature is in disgrace. Mrs. Myra
McHenry, partner of Mrs. Carrie Nation,
found a liquor joint in the State Capitol

‘to-day.

“A big red faced man who works in the
House came close to me and I said,'I smell
whiskey. You've been drinking,’” said
Mts. McHenry. “He said he had, and
asked rae to come and have a drink with
him. I told him I would. So he took me
to Room 4,on the third floor of the Capitol,
and there I found a table with glasses and
bottles on it. I schemed so as to get hold
of the bottle. There were three men there
besides the one who took me, and several
of them were drunk.

“Finally I got the bottle and started out
of the door with it. They tried to take it
away from me, but I ran to the elevator and
rang the bell. ‘If you try to take it away
from me I'll scream,’ I said, and backed
into the corner and holding the bottle be-
tween me and the wall. When the elevator
came up they crowded in with me and got
hold of the bottle and spilled all the whiskey
out on the floor, most of it going on my
dress.

“I started to go down into the hall of the
House to show them the fix I was in. I
didn’t intend to make any disturbance
there, but I just wanted to show some of
those members what had been going on.
These men had reached there ahead of me
and the doorkeeper wouldn't let mein. It
was the first time I was ever refused ad-
mission to the House.

“So I thought I would make a little
speech outside, and that man Wilcox, the
doorkeeper, came rushing out and said:
‘You get out of here. You can't make
any speeches in this building? Then I lit
into him and told him a few things. Then
I went back up there to that committee
room and tried to get a stepladder to climb
over the transom, which was open. I
wanted to look around in there a little
more and see what I could find. I couldn't
find any way to get in.”

The room on the third floor which Mra.
McHenry visited is used by the Railroad
Committee, the Educational Committee
and several other important committees
of the House.

NEW CARNEGIE INSTITUTE,

President Roosevelt and Other Well Knewn

Men Expected at the Dedication.
Prrresuro, Pa.; Feb. 9.—The board of
trustees of the Carnegie Institute to-night
announced that the new Carnegie Institute
in this city will be dedicated on April 11.
President Roosevelt has been invited to
attend and will probably come. All the
members of his Cabinet are also expected.
In addition there will be present the Gover-
nors of several States, a large number of
United States Genetere” other well
known men. Invitations have been ex-
tended to a number of dignitaries of ae a

some of whom are ex . The

monies will be contin for two dare
The new Carnegie Institute is
-_ of the

 

ee Tee ee

 

|

 

SUBSOILING FOR FAIRBANKS.

OPERATIONS BEGUN IN NEW YORK
LOOKING TO HIS PROMOTION,

 

 

There Are Expenses to Be Met if the South-
ern Republican Delegates Are to Boe
Secured, Retained and Made Happy
—Suppese Black Got Piatt’s Place.

With the Republican national convention
of 1008 sixteen months away, boomers
interested in boosting Vice-President Fair-
banks into the Presidential nomination
have been subsoiling in New York State.
Charles G. Dawes of Illinois, Comptroller
of the Currency under President McKinley,
has been especially active in New York city
on behalf of the Vice-President. Mr. Dawes
has consulted with many influential Republi-
cans hereabouts and has enlisted them under
the Fairbanks gonfalon. These interests
are of a substantial character in a financial

 

 

way. Even in this era of reform there are

preliminary expenses which must be met
if the Southern delegation is to be secured
and retained and made happy at the con-
vention. The great point now, according |

S86 as 10d

SCHWAB TO GIVE $2,000,000,

Will Present His Sister With That Sam Wh
She Weds After Easter.

PirtssurG, Feb. .9.—Mise Gertrude
Schwab, sister of Charles M. Schwab, is to
receive a dot of $2,000,000 from her brother
when she marries David Barry, cashier
of a bank at Johnstown, soon after Easter.
This fact became known last evening at
a ball given at the Columbus Club in this
city at which Miss Schwab and Mr. Barry
were the guests. The bride and bride-
groom to be, accompanied by the latter's
two sisters, Ella and Catharine Barry of
Johnstown, are stopping at the Hotel
Schenley, where they are guests of W. H.
Dennehy of Crafton.

The announcement that Miss Schwab
was to receive this wedding present was
made by intimate friends of the young
woman and she immediately became show-
ered with congratulations. She refused to
discuss the matter in any way except to
gay:

“My brother is the best brother that a
girl ever had.”

Miss Schwab is under 30. She has brown
hair and hazel eyes and is rather short and
plump.

Mr. Barry is under 40 and is a well to do
business man of Johnstown. Miss Schwab
resides with her parents at Loretto, al-
| though she spends much of her time in

 

to the Republican United States Senators | New York with her brother.

familiar with what is going on, is to get at
the Southern Republican brother in the
interest of Fairbanks and to keep him in

tow until he casts his ballot in the con-
vention according to programme. Not
that the Southern States return. votes in
the Electoral College for a Republican can-
didate, except in isolated instances, but
the Republican Southern delegate getting
Thachine has been of immense value to
previous Republican aspirants for the Presi-
dential nomination. Alabama leads off on
the roll call, and sometimes even that is
worth something. It has been said for
some time that Vice-President Fairbanks
is already very strong in the Southern
States, but it was learned yesterday that
such is not the fact. The Fairbanks boom-
ers for that reason, headed by Mr. Dawes,
have felt it necessary that something else
should be done if Mr. Fairbanks is to call
the Southern Republican delegate getting
machine his own.

One of the United States Senators in town
said last night that he and his colleagues
in the Senate are thoroughly impartial at
present in the matter of a Presidential
candidate, but he added: “At the moment
it is all drifting toward Fairbanks, but
whether Fairbanks could be elected or
not is another story. But all talk of Roose-
velt has ceased. Up to a month ago many
Republicans believed that the situation
might get into such a tangle that the only
satisfactory outcome would be the Presi-
dent’s renomination. But all this has
departed, and now the favorite sons in
sight besides Fairbanks of Indiana are
Taft of Ohio, Foraker of Ohio, Shaw of
Iowa and Cannon of Illinois. Foraker is a
very strong man in his State, but some-
times I think his health is not as robust
as it might be.”

It was learned that a number of old Re-
publican New York State friends of Mr.
Platt believed that he should resign his
seat in the Senate before the present session
of the Legislature at Albany adjourns, and
have so suggested to Senator Platt. Emi-
nent Republicans who spoke of this matter
last night said that they did so without
any personal feeling toward Senator Platt,
but because of the influential part an active
Republican from New York State could
play in the great Presidential game were
he in Senator Platt’s shoes.

“Many of Senator Platt’s friends are
convinced,” said another Republican United
States Senator, “that if he should resign
before the Legislature at Albany adjourns
ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black could be very easily
elected in his place, whereas if Senator Platt
holds on until after the Legislature adjourns
and anything should happen to incapacitate
him totally before the Legislature recon-
venes next winter Gov. Hughes would
appoint either Joseph H. Choate or Seth
Low United States Senator, and the appoint-
ment would carry with it an election by
the Legislature next winter. I am a friend
of Platt, and of Choate, and of Low, but I
am also the friend of Black, and I would
rather see Black in Platt’s place in the
Senate than either Choate or Low. Still
Choate and Low, especially Choate, are
very highly regarded in Washington. But
from the standpoint of a political organiza-
tion which is to have an influence on the
Presidential nomination in 1908, Black, in
my judgment, would be more effective in
Senator Platt's place than either Mr. Choate
or Mr. Low.”

In other words, Black as Platt's successor
in the United States Senate would be more
friendly to Fairbanks’s nomination and
would be a potent factor in turning over
the New York delegation to Fairbanks,
more so than either Mr. Choate or Mr.
Low.

POPE PIUS'S JUBILEE.

He Would Like to Celebrate It by Private
Prayer—Committee Making Plans.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

Roms, Feb. 9.--The Pope received to-day
the committee which is organizing his
jubilee. He thanked them for the proposed
festivities which, he said, were due not to
his person, but to Christ's vicar. He ex-
preased the wish that he could celebrate hia
fifty years of priesthood privately praying
in his chapel.

He begged that the celebration be ex-
clusively of a religious character and that
the money collected be employed not on new
works, but to support those now existing.

DAYLIGHT HARLEM HOLDUP.

Thieves Knock Down Man With $2,900, but
Ready Police Get Robber and Money.
Wolf Parker, cashier for Morris Fischler
of 104th street and Second dvenue, was
held up and robbed of a satchel containing
$2,000 shortly after 11 o’olock yesterday

morning wats peas through 106th puoee
yg Second and T avenues.
from the Twelfth Ward

returning
Bank brapeh at 106th street and Third
avenue, where he had drawn themoney for
his employer.

Three men walkeddlong with him. Sud-
denly one struck him over the head with a
club ent 9 another jerked away the satchel
tearing off the handle. er recove
himself enough to pursue one of his as-
sailants, who ran toward Second avenue
with the bag under his arm.

Captain Corcoran and Detectives

 

 

Naughton and Higgins, who me oe cong
owes wi over pean, wanes
anand Sqgs as the man with reached

ibe petoomen got crea act arip,

ff a Pito Benni.
dst ce ae at LINE we. THE SOUTH.

 

Ee
SS SS

JACK TARS AT THE WHITE HOUSE,

Sallormen From the Louisiana Present a
Laving Cup te Mrs. Roosevelt.

Washinorton, Feb. 9.—Four sturdy Amer-
ican tars of the battleship Louisiana came
to Washington to-day to see Mrs. Roose-
velt, the wife of the President. They
brought with them a bundle which they
guarded with great care. The sailormen
were received by the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt in one of the state parlors of the
White House, and after the introductions
had been made the bundle was unwrapped
and out of it came a large silver loving cup,
which was handed to Mrs. Roosevelt, who
was greatly surprised.

The gift was intended as an expression
of the appreciation felt by the crew of the
Louisiana. of the kindness with which its
members had been treated by Mrs. Roose-
velt on the voyage she made on that veasel
to Panama and back when the President
went to inspect the canal construction
work last November. The delegation
which made the presentation consisted of
Chief Master at Arms W. H. Belknap,
Seaman John Kelly, Boatswain's Mate W,
Procknow and Water Tender ©. Kellner.
It was said at the White House that both
the President and Mrs. Roosevelt were very
much touched in receiving this remem-
brance.

After the presentation, Archie and
Quentin Roosevelt, the President's sons,
took the four sailormen out driving in the
White House landau.

 

TENNIS AND EIGHTHS,

Two Cracks, Including a Champien, Seek
Stock Exchange Membership.

William A. Larned and William J. Clo-
thier, the two crack tennis players, the
former once champion of America and the
only one of thé American teams in the oon-
testa with England who ever defeated
either of the Doherty brothers, and the
latter the present tennis champion, have
applied for membership in the New York
Stock Exchange. Former tennis cham-
pion Robert D. Wrenn appears as sponsor
for both of them, and it was rumored yea-
terday that they might become partners
in the firm of Wrenn Brothers & Co. If they
do the firm will contain a galaxy of tennis
stars. George L. Wrenn, younger brother
of Robert D., another member of the firm,
played with his brother against the Doher-
ty brothers at Longwood, Mass., on their
first trip to this country, and their team
was the only one that gave the Englishmen
a run for their money in doubles. Mr.
Larned has been a teacher at Annapolis
until recently.

Another interesting announcement in
yesterday's Stock Exchange bulletin was
the transfer of the seat of Edwin F. Raynor
to H. James Bartholomae. Mr. Raynor
is the floor trader who last fall was sus-
pended for four years for violating the rule
forbidding the splitting of commissions.

PHYSICIAN SHOT BY WOMAN,

Dr. Merwin of Kansas City Killed by Former
Employee—She Commits Suicide.

Kansas City, Feb. 9.—Dr. E. H. Merwin,
a well known physician of this city, and
Miss Maude Slater, formerly employed
by him, were found dead in Dr. Merwin’s
office in the Hall Building late this after-
noon. Each had a bullet hole in the head.

Dr. Henry Toelle, who has an office near
Dr. Merwin’s, heard a shot fired shortly
after 3 o'clock. The report seemed to
come from Dr. Merwin’s office. Dr. Toelle
tried to open the door, but found it locked.
He glanced through the glass panel in the
door and saw the body of Dr. Merwin lying
at full length on the floor, his head against
the door. The body of the woman was
in the corner of the room.

Investigation by Dr. Marshall, an as-
sistant city physician, who entered the
office from the fire escape, showed that the
revolver was in the woman's hand. In-
sane jealousy on the part of the woman is
aaid to be the cause of the murder and
suicide. :

Dr. Merwin was unmarried and lived
with his parenta.

MONKS BATTLE IN BETHLEHEM,

Bloody Combat in Chapel of Nativity
—Franciscans Defeat Armenians.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.

Mruan, Feb. 9.—The Corriere della Sera'e
Jerusalem correspondent sends further
partculars of the recent fight between
Italian Franciscan friars and Armenian
monks in the Chapel of the Nativity at
Bethlehem. When the Francican proces-
sion entered the chapel the Armenians,
armed with heavy cudgels, fell on them
and a fierce fight ensued.

Crucifixes and censers were freely used
as weapons. The chief sacristan of the
Franciscans, a warlike old monk whose
face was scarred from previous encounters
of a smiliar nature, fought valiantly but
finally sank down with his head covered
with wounds. Another sacristan had his

skull smashed in with a heavy censer.
Finally the Franciscans ex their

pelled
rivals from the eg ty - the oar was |

dearly bought. d
lamps ; an taek broken and ay altar ae ae
were > ctnined with blood.

DEWEY's m CLARET oe 24 UTERNE PUNCH
Ready to serve re ease your guests,
o! Dewey & Sons Co., 138 Fulton be. New York,

 

ef ~ ye 1D. p Came, y=

tigate ¢ Coast Line a Ronde

 
   
 
  
   
  
 

| DOUBT IF THEY'LL CALL THAW

HIS LAWYERS RELUCTANT TO PUT
HIM ON THE STAND.

 

 

The Defendant's Mother Will Be the Next
Witness—Jerome Expects to Give the
Prisener’s Wife a Severe Cross-Kxamina-
ton—The Jury Spends a Day Inside.

The lawyers for Harry K. Thaw expressed
themselves yesterday as being perfectly
satisfied with the. way things have been
going for their client. Clifford W. Hartridge
said:

“We are absolutely confident of acquittal.
The only thing we hope for is that District
Attorney Jerome will not force us into open-
ing up more of this so-called Tenderloin
gossip.”

Mr. Hartridge’s remark about the Tender-
loin gossip amused some persons, as that is
just what Mr. Jerome has been fighting to
keep out.

One thing is certain. The defence shows
every sign of being confident of corroborat-
ing Evelyn Nesbit Thaw's story. It is said
that the defence has in its possession
affidavits from persons who are ready to

testify to the truthfulness of the story,

which has been told by young Mrs, Thaw.
It has not been definitely decided whether
Thaw will go on the stand. Unless there
should be absolute necessity for it in the
opinion of Lawyer Delmas, who is now in

Sun.

SUN DAY... FEBRUARY 1 0, 190'7,.—Copvright, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

_ AE

 

 

 
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
    
 
  
  
  
     
 
  
  
    
    
   
    
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
    
     
  
   
  
 
    
  

 
  

 

 

FORTY-TWO PAGES.

SYRACUSE HOTEL IN FLAMES.

Guests of Hotel Mowry Missing—Daring
Rescues—Franklin House tp Peril.

Srnacusr, Feb. 10.—Fire ‘started this
morning shortly after 12:30 o'clock in the
Hotel Mowry, a sit story brick family hotel
at the corner of South Salina and Gusndage
streets.

At this hour the hotel is one mass of flames
and adjacent buildings. have caught fire.

There were approximately 300 people in
the building when the fire began and the
firemen made many daring rescues.

It is not known if any lives are lost, but
several persons are missing.

Adjoining the Mowry or the north is
the Hote! Franklin, a large five story build-
ing and the guests have all left this hotel
in scanty apparel.

Across the atreet on the southwest corner
is the Florence flats, a seven story brick
apartment hous: containing upward of
200 people.

The flames are not yet under control.

One fireman fell from a ladder, It is
feared that he will die from his injuries.

BONAPARTE HAS A FALL,

Attorney-General Slips on icy Sidewalk
and Breaks a Bone in His Wrist.
WASHINGTON, Feb 9.—Charles Joseph
Bonaparte, Attorney-General 'in President
Roosevelt's Cabinet, was to be host at a
dinner party to-night in honor of the mem-
bers of the United States Supreme Court.

 

 

charge of the defence, Thaw will not go on | The dinner was given but Mr. Bonaparte

the stand.
When young Mrs. Thaw is through with
her story Mrs. William Thaw, the mother

was not there. As he was approaching

| the Department. 0. Justice building this

morning he slipped and fell on the icy side-

of the defendant, will go on the stand, unless | walk and broke a bone in one of his wrists.

there should be some change in the present
plans of the defence. It is pretty certain
from what both sides haye said that the
trial will last at least two. weeks more.

The cross-examination of Evelyn Nesbit |
Thaw by District Attorney Jerome is ex-
pected to be a long one. Mr. Jerome can
attack her qredibility as a witness and also
attempt to show that she never told the
story she has been reciting on the stand
to her husband, either before or after the
marriage. It is known that the District
Attorney's office has a lot of evidence and
information which has not yet become
public.

Lawyer Perkins of Pittsburg, who drew
the will of Thaw, will be here to-day, proba-
bly. He is a relative of George Lauder
Carnegie, who is a brother-in-law of Thaw.
There isn’t any doubt in the mind of Lawyer
Delmas that he will be able to get the will
in evidence. Even in the opinion of the
prosecution this will will have a great bear-
ing on the case.

As an illustration of how the defence
has been handled it was learned yesterday
that Lawyer Delmas did not see this will
until a few minutes before it was produced
in court on Friday. It was known that
there was such a will, but it yas only when
Lawyer Gleason producecd the will from a
bag be carried was it known that he had it.
One of the most surprised men was Lawyer
Detmas?He was absolutely ‘unprepared,
and the witness, Miss Pierce, had not been
questioned about it in advance.

The jury stayed in the Broadway Central
Hotel yesterday. In the morning some of
them wanted to walk, and the others wanted
to keep indoors. As a result none of them
went out.

TRIAL SEEN FROM WITHOUT,

English and French Papers Make Thaw
Evidence a Feature—Canadian Prudery.
Spectal Cable Despitch to THE Sun,

Lonpon, Feb. 9.-- Never has an American
cause cé-ébre commanded such widespread
interest abroad as the trial of Harry, K.
Thaw for the murder of Stanford White.
The only parallel thereto was the Dreyfus
court-martial at Rennes. The English press
makes the trial the chief feature and the
evening papers publish late special editions
giving the latest evidence each day. In
Paris the press gives it even greater promi-
nence and the case is the chief topic of
conversation.

English editors, according to the national
custom, withhold all comment until a
result, is reached, but the French are not
so punctilious. It is fairer, however, to
reserve quotations of French opinion at this
stage of the proceedings.

OrtTawa, Feb. 9.—The Thaw case came
up yesterday for discussion in the House of
Commons, Dr. Stockton, member for St.
John, N. B., called the attention of the
Postmaster-General to the publication in
an evening paper of “loathsome and vile
details” regarding the sensational! evidence
in the trial. Dr. Stockton said the dissemi-
nation of such “filthy literature” through
the mails was endangering the purity of the
home. The Hon. Rodolphe Lemieux com-
mended the action of Dr. Stockton in bring-
ing the matter up and said that what the
member for St. John had stated was exactly
in accord with his (Lemicux's) own views.

The Postmaster-General said he did
not know what interest Canada as a nation,
or Canadians as individuals, had in “the
filthy trial which was now progressing in
New York,” and he regretted to see that
a certain part of the Canadian press was
following “the methods adopted by the
yellow prees of New York.” Mr. Lemieux
said the law wasvery clear on the matter,
as a clause in the Post Office act clearly
stated that nothing of an immoral character
could pass through the mails. Any one
eending such literature was guilty of a
misdemeanor and might be brought before
the courts of the land. Mr. Lemieux said
he hoped that the public manner in which
this question had been brought up would
act as a warning to that clement of ths
Canadian press which was transgressing.
WITNESS

THAW ARRESTED.

Edward Owens Had a Subpirna When
Picked Up Out of Street.

Edward Owens, picked up in Cortlandt
alley on Friday, was arraigned before Mag-
{strate Steinert in the Tombs police court
yesterday morning. The policeman who !
arrested Owens handed up a subpena to
appear as a witness in the Thaw case which
he said was found on the prisoner.

“What are you doing with this subpena?”
the Magistrate demanded. “Surely you
are not a witness!”

“That I am,” Owens protested. “J think
it has to do with Ellen Leahy. She was
Harry Thaw’s wife's maid and lodged with
me and my wife at the time of the killing.”

“Well,
doubt and discharge you.” said Magistrate
Steinert.

District Attorney Jerome said Owens
was telling the truth.

 

I'll give you the benefit of tne |

His physician ordered him to keep to his
apartments at the Portland Hotel and his
place as host at the Supreme Court dinner,
which was held at the New Willard, was
| taken by Postmaster Hull Harris of ome
more.

When Mr. Bonaparte entered the De
partment building after his fall he sent for
Dr. P. M. Rixey, the Surgeon-General of
the navy. Dr. Rixey examined the in-
Jured wrist and then took Mr. Bonaparte
to the United States Marine Hospital at
Ninth street and Pennsylvania avenue,
Southeast, where by means of X-rays it
was ascertained that a emall bone was
broken. Dr. Rixey set the bone, and after
taking the Attorney-General home or-
dered him to stay indoors for the present.

VANDERBILT PICTURES HELD.

Invoice Price Struck the Customs Offictals
Here as Too Law,

A number of paintings and pastels re-
cently imported from Paris by Mrs. Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt, Sr., are held up at the
Custom House pending a decision on their
valuation.

When the importation arrived the invoice
valued the collection at $2,000. Asmany of
them appeared to be of considerable value
they were turned over to Cal, E. &. Fowler,
the Appraiser of the Port, who gave them
to Mr. Hecht, the art expert, for appraisal.
Mr. Hecht declared that the valuation was
entirély inadequate.

Mr. Merian, Mrs. Vanderbilt's secretary,
was notified and told Appraiser Fowler
that the Paris dealer had erred in the vaula-
tion. Mr. Merian said the pictures wefe
worth $4,600,

This was unsatisfactory and the matter
was left to the Board of United States
General Appraisers. The case will come
up for decision on February 21.

BOY BLOCKS SUBWAY

Experimenting With a Copper Wire
Bown a Ventilator.

Louis Schneider, 14 years old, of 40 Division
street was very much interested in a repair
gang working on a grating of the subway
at City Hall Park yesterday afternoon.
When the men got far enough away, leav-
ing a large coil of copper wire on the grating,
Louis lost no time in making some experi-
ments with the third rail, thirty feet below
the grating.

When the end of the wire he lowered
got within a few inches of the third rail
the boy gave it a final push and let loose.
Instantly there was a great display of electrio
sparks and they sizzled all over the Brook-
lyn Bridge subway station. The system
was short circuited and trains were delayed
several minutes until a workman with
rubber gloves removed the wire.

As fooling with third rails in that man-
ner is a felony, Louis was turned over to
the Gerry society.

ACCUSES MRS. PALMER,

Chicago Attorney Charges Her With Evad
tng Taxes on Rallroad Stock.

Cuicaco, Feb. 9.—Mrs. Bertha Palmer
was charged with attempting to evade
taxes by John C. Richberger, revenue
authority and attorney for the Board of
Assessors, at the revenue conference at
the Iroquois Club late this afternoon. He
also termed the National Civio Federation
conference held at her residence a “gab-
fest.”

“At the time Mrs. Palmer was conducting
the Civic Federation ‘gi fest’ she was
trying to evade taxes or. $500,000 worth of
stock in the New York Central road,’ said
Col. Richberger. “This item of property
was not included in her tax schedule.”

Col. Richberg said that the present systom
of railroad taxation in Illinois ought not
to be changed. He pointed to the tax
amendment passed by the Legislature in
1898, which was introduced by experts, with
the approval-of the Chicago Real Estate
Board and Gov. Tanner. This, he said,
was as efficient a tax provision as any
that has yet been proposed.

JUTTE CASE DECIDED.

Court Decides Not to Restrain Mrs. Chad-
wick’'s Friend in an Estate Litigation.
PitrssurG, Feb. 9.—Judge Shafer to-day

handed down his decision in the Jutte

case, the trial of which took several weeks.

He found for the defendants, The action

was brought by the Colonial Trust Com-

pany, executor of the estate of the late

W. C. Jutte, against F. N. Hoffstot and

 

 

By

 

| James W. Friend, who was involved in

 

ADS SERS a

several deals with Cassie Chadwick, to
restrain them from disposing of the stock
of the Jutte company, coal operators,
and demanding an accounting.

About $1,000,000 was involved, practically
the entire Jutto fortune, and the allegations
were that Jutte, who afterward committed
suicide at Atlantic City, was insane when he
entered into certain contract; with Hoffatot
and Friend. The Court finds Jutte was
not ansane and was also guilty of some
shady transactions in connection with the
deals which were questioned.

Berar, Fesncanr 10, 190?.
_ Cloudy and warmer to-day; fair to-morrow;
south. winds,

:
i

yO 7 eA

va Toa Be yee

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WOMEN’S COLLEGES T0 BENEFIT

ONE OF THE FIRST USES OF THB
GREAT ROCKEFELLER FUND

 

 

Will Be to Establish New Ones or Enlarge
Those That Now Exist—Alumnoew Can't —
Do It—Cities Held to Be the Places for |
Colleges—Scranton District Lacks One,

One of the first things that the General |
Education Board will turn its attention toy |
now that its income has been enormously ine
creased by John D. Rockefeller’s $32. 000,000
gift, will be the needs of women's colleges, —
That statement was made yesterday by — mi
Frederick T. Gates, the chairman of the 7%
board and one of Mr. Rockefeller’s pers {)
sonal representatives. r'

“The question of coeducation,” said he a
“is no longer debatable. It has settled ©
itself by the necessities of the case. The ©
men’s colleges are crowded, The women's ©
colleges are overcrowded, and there is ab-
solutely no economical advantage in unite »
ing them. This is practically true in the
Middle and New England States.

“One of the first things which the General
Education Board will now turn itsattention |
to will be the remedying of this overcrowded
condition, either by the establishment of §j
new women’s colleges or by the enlarge-
ment of those which now exist. We shall
ask the hearty cooperation not only of the ©
special friends of these colleges but of
philanthropists generally.”

Mr. Rockefeller has already shown by his
persona! gifts that he is strongly in favor
of the higher education of women, Ia
the last three years he has made gifts aver- .

   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
    
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
       
   
   
   
  
  
 
    
    
   
 
  
   
      
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
     
   
    
   
   

aging about $250,000 to Bryn Mawr, Vassar,
Smith, Mount Holyoke and Wellesley.

Whether the Genera! Education Board
will be disposed to use the vast endow-
ment fund at its disposal for establishing
new colleges instead of enlarging the old
ones is a question which hasn't been .de-
cided definitely yet. Mr. Gates explained
yesterday why it is that the women's col-
leges in particular need the immediate
help of the board.

“Colleges for men, when such colleges
have been founded for a generation or
two, can,” said he, “safely rely upon their
alumni to do no small part of the work of |
increasing their resources and keeping
them up to the times, for no college can
keep up to the times unless its resources
are heavily increased annually. But the
alumneof women's colleges are not money
makers. They either enter literature or’
the teaching profession or else marry. If
they marry they are almost certain to
marry college men, and if the husband is
wealthy he is very certain to give his money
to his own college rather than to his wife's
college. The women's colleges are there-
fore helpless. Theirs is the most im-
mediate and imperative educational need
to-day in the New England and Middle
States.” °

Institutions which Mr. Gates referred to *
particularly as being “crowded to over- «|
flowing” were Vassar, Bryn Mawr, Barnard, ©
Wells, Elmira, Smith, Mount Holyoke,
Radcliffe and Wellesley. j

“They are,” said the chairman of the
board, “unable to house and care for the

multitudes of young women who are knock- +
ing at their doors. If any one has a }
daughter whom he desires to have enter
one of these institutions it is necessary
for him to send in her name three or four %
years in advan®&. I myself only the other 7
day found it necessary to enter the name 4
of my daughter for 1910 in one of these ©
colleges in order to have the least assurance. ~
that she would be admitted, and was obliged
to accompany her name with an entrance j/
fee.” is
The General Education Board will in |

the first year have an income of about |

$2,500,000 from the $43,000,000 that Mr. |

Rockefeller has given the board. That 47
amount applied to one new  inctitution
would afford an endowment fund equal
to that of several of the long established — a
women's colleges. Of course, the entire. *
income for the year will not be devoted. —
to any single institution. One million
dollars was given by Mr. Rockefeller with .
the expressed stipulation that its income
should go to the development of industrial
and agricultural education in the South,
and it has been the purpose of the board
ever since it was organized to distribute
its money in a way that would give the
best results to the largest possible numbef.

Mr. Gates indicated further yesterday}
that the income from the grand total of) 4 7
‘the last two Rockefeller gifts, $10,000,000. ) aa
in cash in 1905 and the $32,000,000 in securi- “}
ties, would in a general way be distributed)
among institutions in the great centres
of population rather than in the a t
Said he: 4

“I should like to take this opportuntigr!
to call the attention of philanthropiate
thinking of founding colleges and techni- | ~
cal schools to the fact that our cities and |
centres of population and wealth are being
neglected. The ancient and mistaken
tradition that colleges, for efficiency,
should be located in the deep country has
prevailed to an extent so alarming that to-
day the great centres of population and
wealth, to which the people are more and
more flocking, are almost wholly neglected
in our system of higher education. We have
something like 400 colleges in this country
located in small country towns. The first
work of the General Education Board for f
higher education has been, and will con- |
tinue to be, to assist the great centres of ~~
population and to make them the pivots | §
in fact,as they are in all true educational.
theory, of the future system of higher edu~- ®
cation in this country.” i

Mr. Gates said that there are forty cities
in this country, each with a population of
more than 100,000 persons, having practi-
cally no local opportunities for a college
education. Among other cities in this class
are Louisville, Ky., Atlanta, Ga., Detroit,
Mich., Little Rock, Ark., and even Buffalo,

The conditions in Manhattan, in the opin-
fon of Mr. Gates, are very good, but Brook-
lyn needs a college. The only immediate
plans which the board has in view in regard
to improving New York's educational faci-
lities relate to Adelphi College in Brooklyn ©
and the Brooklyn Polytechnic. Adelphi

} College, as at present constituted, includes .
courses all the way from the kindergarten. |
to those which lead directly to a bachelor |
of arta degree. The college authorities de-
sire to separate the college and preparatory
courses, and to do this they need ten times
the endowment which is available for their
use under present conditions,

Mr. Gates said yesterday that there is
apparently a misapprehension in the publio
mind in regard to the we which Mr,

; ’
ge ee i) i

~

———_— -