-

eed eee

ne

 

——

VOL, LXVIL—NO, 178.
CRONIES MEN. FIGHT. ON,

QHEIR HEROIC SACKIFICE A DAM-
AGE TO THE BRITISH CAUSE,

 

Roberts Said to Have Slackened the Deadly
Bombardment of the Boer Position
—Uritish Patrols Capture Sinall Parties
Who Break Through the Lines—Boers
Making a Strong Resistance to Buller,

Special Cable Lespateh to Tur 8c,

Lonpon, Fed, 24.- Gen. Cronje and his Spar-
tan army still held out in that terrible valley of
death on the Modder River, Their numbers
have beon sadly reduced, None, indead,
knows how many survive of that brave 8,000
who almost a week ago chose death rather
than surrender.

All Europe looks on in mingled horror and
admiration at the magnificent, but heart-
rending tragedy. Already a mighty voice of
protest is rising up from one end ofthe Con-
tinent tothe other, French and Germans and
Russians unite in the ery: ‘These men de-
serve to be free; Great Britain shall not erush
such a nation of herves,”

Englund herself is aghast at the spectacle.
Bhe suddenly realizes that she will have no
friend left onthe earth, least of all America, if
she permits the deliberate slaughter of these
&,000 helpless patriots. No Poor vietory how-
ever great could so damage the British cause
{nthe eyes of mankind as the completion of
this wholesale execution with lydiite,

Some realization of this fact has reached
Roberts and Kitchener, forthe bombardment
at last accounts had slackened and become
almost desultory. The green fumes of lyddite
no longer stifle the survivors, if survivors there
be, in that awful valley.

Anew problem confronts England—a prob-
Jem so humiliating that nowhere can be found
{ts like. What shall be done with an enemy
which carries out to the bitterest and literal
end the motto “Independence or Death?"
Alexander or Cesar, with cold-blooded stol-
ciam, might put all relentlessly tothe sword.
England, the boasted ct mpton of liberty,
cannot do this, She dares not. She
defeated—hopelessly and completely defeated—
in her scheme of conquest in Africa 80 long as
the spirit which prompted Cronje’s army to
choose almost certain death at Paarde berg con-
tinues to animate the Boer nation.

Few Englishmen have yet realized this
truth, but it will soon come home to them.
When {t does—when this most stupenduous
dilemma of the age stares them in the face—
they will turn alone, among the nations of
the earth for suggestion or advice, to America.
What word will come from over the sca?
Much depends upon that message.

is

 

CRONJE SIGNALLED “SURRENDER.”

But Wanted to Make Terms and the Fight
Was Resumed,
Special Cable Deapaich to Tar Sun
From Tur Sun's Correapondent With Gen, Roberts's
Porces.

Paarpesenc, Feb. 20, via Modder River, Feb.
23. 7 P. M.—The convergence of the British
forces at this point resulted in the surround.
ing of Gen, Piet Cronje’s army

The Sixth Division under Gen, Kelly-Kenny
hastened to the northeast and occupied a hill
to the east of Gen. Cronje's laager, (en.
Cronje, so Poer prisoners say, expected re-
enforcements under Commandant Andries at
this point. He mistook the men of the Sixth
Division for Andries's commando and allowed
them to occupy the slope of a ridge without
opposition.

The Boer position was this: Cronje was to
the south and Snyman and Fourie to the north.
The Sixth Division occupted @ position to the
poutheast, and Gen. French arrived on the INth
{n time to complete the enclosure of the Doers:

Tut it was the Ninth Diviaton, especially the
Hich'and Brieade, that had the hardest fight-
inc. They a.rived at midnight on Feb. 17,
aftera forced march from outside Jacobedal,
in time to see Boer rockets signalling the
whereabouts of Gen. Cronje's army to the ex-
pected reénforeements, The British saw inter-
vening rockets and knew an enemy was near,
Dut could not decide whether it was Boer
retnforcements that were giving the answer-
ing signals, Therefore, the Ninth Division
reatod for a few hours west of the Boer
position.

At dawn the men of the Ninth Division ad-
var edand their mounted Infantry soon en-
countered Boer snipers who were sheltered in
the trees that covered the banks of the river.

The chooting kept on increasing until 8
o’elock, when the men of the Ninth saw that a
great battle was rag ng.

lary in the forenoon the Boers brought a
Horehkisa gun over the veldt from King’s Kop
tothe southern bank of the river and used it
with deadly effect over this ground, which the
Ninth had to erosa

Gen, Heetor Macdonald dismounted and led
the advance, In the early part of the forenoon
he waa hit by a bullet in the foot while direct-
ing the Highland Brigade, which was strug-
giing througha storm of bu'lets toward the
bushes. In this charge the Seaforth High-
landers lost heavily. Near the top of the slope
on ihe right, opposite the Boer laager, the Sea-
forths and the Duke of Cornwall's light infan-
try, belonging to another brigade of the Ninth
Division, drove the Boers from cover around
the drift and bayonetted several of them who
had been shooting from trees.) Then they
waded waist deep through the river and held
the northwest side with the Gordons, while
the Canadians were held in reserve,

It wus atthis point, while charging fearlessly,
that the Cornwalls suffered severely. They
Jost their Colonel and Adjutant, and had ninety-
eix cosualties,

The mounted infantry suffered severely
while attacking the Boer laager from the north,
where it was supposed to be least protected,

The Sixth Division, holding the position on
the east, gotintoan engagement before noon
witha strong force of Boors which was trying
to eseape tothe south bank of theriver. The
West Riding Regiment (the Duke of Weiling-
ton's! repelle | thisattemptatthe point of the
bayonet, but suffered considerably

Meanwhile, the British artillery kept on
eheiling the Boer laager, which was soon on
fire in many places.

Gen, French's cavalry dashed in rapidly from
a northern kopje in the afternoon and began
sending in deadly volleys, Crowds of Boers
were driven from the river banks, and whgn
darkness came on Gen, Cronje was sur-
rounded, Boer prisoners declare that he lost
£00 men in the day’s fighting.

The Seventh Division, under Gen. Tucker,
anda naval brigade arrived on Monday and
shelling of the Boer laager was resumed.
There were a few infantry engagementa and
the Doers were driven into the dongas and

The Firat Railway in the World

te ulont forallite cars the Prntech light is the New

York Central This line has Pintsch light in ite

theeping and parlor cars, ite coaches, baggage cars

and math cars, contributing in this, as in all other

taint t the comfort and safety of its patrons,—
e.

Che

NEW YORK. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY

—_—_ —  ——- —n—n—nwk eae

bushes around their luager, Some indomita-
ble Boer snipers on the river banks fought to
the very lost.

The endurance of the Boers, considering the
week's harrying of their rear guard and their
remarkable trek, followed by the flerce attack
on all aides on Sunday, is regarded as simply

‘marvellous, Hundreds of them still cling to
the river bank on both sides of the laager.

On the 19th Gen. Cronje signalled “sur-
render,” This was immediately hellographed
around tothe various British commands and
there was great cheering and throwing of
helmets in the air. But when Gen. Cronje was
invited to come personally and surrender to
Lord Kitchener as the chief staff officer, he
refused and stated, so it is reported, that he
wanted to make certain conditions. Field
Marshal Roberta replied that he would only
accept unconditional surrender.

The Canadians shared with the Highlanders
a forced march of twenty miles,

Lonpon, Feb, 24.—A despatch from an Fn-
glish correspondent dated Paardeberg, Feb.
22, says;

“The shelling of the Boers was continued in-
termittently to-day.

“Last night a large supply column reached
us,

“Two thousand Roers are reported to be
operating to our north.

“Yesterday afternoon |‘Wednesday) when the
last gun had been fired the Shropshires rushed
200 yardea further toward the river, where
Cronje is intrenched, and found several dead,

“French has taken seventy-five Boers and a
patrol has captured thirty burghers to the
westward.” e

RUMOR THAT CRONJE HAS FSCAPED,

 

Brussels Hears That He Has Broken
Through the British Lines,

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.

Beriin, Keb, 24.—There are reports from
Brussels that news hag reached the Boer head-
quarters there to the effect that Gen. Cronje
has forced his way through the British line
near Paardeberg. ;

TO MUET THE WAR CRI:

 

S.

 

Cabinet Will Be Strengthened—Rumors of
Intervention and Peace Terms,

épreial Cable Despatch to Tak Sus.

Lonpoy, Feb, 24.-The delay in placing |
Fogland’s naval strength on a war footing,
coupled with the discovery to-day froin
the nava! estimates that nearly a million
and a half pounds sterling had been di-
verted from shipbuilding and spent on other
things owing to the war in South Africa,
causes considerable uneasiness, In view of
the approach of the critical stage in the war,
when, if evor, Europe will intervene, an
emorgency meeting of the Council of the Navy
League has been convened to consider the
situation, and it is probable that this powerful
organization will decide ona national agitation
inorder toforee the Government to vigorous
action

It cannot be denied that there exists a vague |
but widespread uneasiness on this subject of
intervention, which Premier Salisbury’s state-
ment in the House of Lords the other day has
done little to allay, despite his positive deciar-
ation that England has nevor given nor been
requested to give any pledge of her intentions
in regard tothe futureof the South African
republics, Lord Rosebery, in conversation
yestecday, expressed the opinion that if the
Kaiser were tocry “halt!” ina very loud voice,
Preimfer Salisbury forthwith would halt, as he
hasi‘done bt critical thoments over aud over
awain. It is reported even now that Lord
Salisbury is of the opinion that the relief of |
Kimberley, Ladysmith and Mafeking, the
wiping out of Gen. Cronje’s army, and the oe
cupation of Bloemfontein would constitute a
sufficient vindication of the supremacy of
British arms, and might well be followed by
pence negotiations and the concession of gen-
erous termsto the vanquished Boers.

There is good reason for stacing that a eom-
mittee of the Cabinet is alrealy engaged in the |
consideration of terms of peace, and as soon as
the report is presented to the Cabinet and ap-
proved the experts will proceed to put the
terms Into diplomatic shape.

The official expectation ia, that if there ia to
be any attempt at intervention, the first indica-
tion will be given immediately after the British |

} occupation of Bloemfontein, so the crisis is
probably near. At the first whisper in any dip-
lomatie ear of a word of intervention the Spe-
celal Service squadron will be mobiiized and the
Naval Reserves called out. That decision was
taken by the Cabinet this week,

Before Gen, Roberts reaches Pretoria, if the
campaign proceeds, the British Cabinet will
proba ly be stiffened by the inclusion of two
strong men, Mr. George Wyndham, Pariia-
mentary Under Secretary of State for War,

| who will become War Secretary, and the Right

Hon. Robert William Hanbury, Financial See-

retary. The latter will replace Gerald Balfour,
who will resign the Irish Secretaryship owing
| to ill health, the post being raised to Cabinet

1 dignity. According to present arrangements,

| Viecount Cross will resign the Privy Seal on
the ground of old age, being replaced by the |

Marquis of Landsdowne, who will make way

for Wyndham, Tho Jatter has won his promo. |
tion by sheer force, ability and bard work, Mr, |
| Hanbury isa man of commanding ability, who
has been compelled to play subordinate parts
beeause he is personally disliked by Lord

Salisbury.

Reporte multiply that the Premier is nearing
the endof his publie career, Hard work and
domestic afflictions have put too great a strain
on him, and he will probably seek retirement
as soon as the present crisia is finished His
friends hardly expect him to remain in office
until the general election unless the serious
complications growing out of the war involve
the country until then,

  

 

 

COL, PLUMEWS FORCE ENGAGED,

Boer Re-enforcements Sent to Check His
Move Toward Mafeking From the North,

Special Cable Despatch fo Tue Svs,

 

Lonxpon, Feb, 24.—Reénforcementa havo
reached the Loers at Gaberones, where Col,
Plumer has been attempting to pass the
burghers on his way to relieve Mafeking. Na-
tives say the recnforcements arrived on
Feb. 16 from Mafeking, where four regiments
of natives have beon impressed to carry on the
siege.

The Rhodesian regiment came in contact
with them and 200 Boers retired A British
Lieutenant and three troopers were wounded,

 

FIGHTING AT COLESRE RG,

 

Boers Report That a British Attack Was
Repulsed With Heavy Loss,

Srecial Cable Despatch to Tak Sox,

Lowpoy, Feb. 24.—A Boer despatch from Pre.
toria of yesterday's date saya:

“The commandant at Colesberg was attacked
by a large force of cavalry and severe fighting
ensued. The British attempted to storm the
Boer position and got within 400 yards, when
they were compelled to retire with great loss,
The Federal forces had one man wounded.”

 

Think Roberta's Proclamation Too Lenient.

Lowpon, Feb, 24.—Field Marshal Lord Rob-
erts’s prociamation to the Free Staters appears |
to be displeasing to the refugees at Durban,
They regard it as being too leniont

Benutiful, Swift and Sure, |

| The “Royal Limited,” exquisite in all appoint:
| Biss leaves New York, South Ferry ‘and thot of

|
|
Special Cable Peaprteh 'o Tar Sun
|

 

Liberty st. daly 3 P.M. arrives Washington 3 P,
Unexcelled Dining and Cafe Car Sery eee Ady, “es

 

 

Os

BOERS STILL CONFIDENT.

 

NO ALARM IN PRETORIA OVER GEN,
ROBERTS'S SUCCESS,

Forces Moving to the Second Chosen Line
of Defence and a Third Line Is in Re-

serve —Abandonment of the Siege of

Ladyamith Was Planned — Indications
That Bloemfontein Will Not Be Defended

Special Cable Despatch to Taw BUN.

'
Lonpoy, Feb. 24.—Information of the utmost
interest regarding the Boer situation and
plana has been received by THk Sun's London
office in mail and cable advices from official
and other sources in Pretoria, The present ex-
traordinary crisis justifies the publication of a
portion of this news, although it was originally
intended only for private information.

The Boer authorities realized, even after
three great successes in mid-December, that
they would be unable to hold their advanced
positions outside the borders of the two re-
publies very long after the immense British re-
enforeements reached the front. It was be-
lieved that the federal troops could act ag-
gressively, or at least maintain asuccessful de-
fenco, so long as the British foree did not much
exceed 100,000, The leaders of the Boer cam-
paign decided that, as their opponente in-
creased in numbers and strength, the federal
troops would withdraw under pressure,
to a second line of defence wherw it would be
possible to reénforce the endangered pointa,
an action which was not feasible when the
operations were #0 far separated as Kimberley
and Nata). It was deliberately decided that’
when the enemy overwhemingly outnumbered
them, they would abandon the seige of Lady-
smith if Gen, White still held out, and transfer
Gen, Joubert’s army to the defence of the
Orange Free State, leaving only the small force
necessary to hold the impregnable passes west
of Ladysmith. Should overpowering numbers
still drive tiem back the Boers planned a third
line of defence which they expect to hold until
England, and the whole world also, is tired of
the war, or until the remnants of the Boer

like

It is
second
will be made, but there one point
in regard to this general plan which
seoms strange, namely, when THe 8UN cor-

|

heroes in
atate
stands

Cronje's
impossible to
third

arthies perish
their trenches.
these

where and

is

| respondent was at Bloemfontein just a month

ago no attempt had then been made to fortify
the city. Whether this has been done since
no information has reached London,

It isclearin the light of the foregoing that
the Boers are diligently carrying out their
plan of establishing their second line of de-

fence, Gen, Buller, with a caution acquired

| too late, does not dare to push on to Ladysmith

lest he fall into another Boer trap, while the
truth probably is that Joubert’s army, or a
great portion of It, is already at Bloemfontein,
if not on the way east of that point to assist
Cronje’s gallant force,
direct from
developments
faith or
of campaign

Protoria that
have not
confidence
fully
moves are

News comes
the past week's
shaken the
The British plan
anticipated and counter
being dilligently executed, Details on
this point are of course withheld. The phleg-
matic calm in the Boer capital from the outset
of the war is astonishing. The great suc-
cesses of the Boer armp did not arouse jubila-
tion or excitement, and now the confidence in
Cronje is so implicit that his difficulties cause
no alarm,

There is nothing more significant than the
statement just received from THe Sun's
Pretoria corresponent that the Boers do not

Boers’
is

| want foreign volunteers, and that only the Irish

battalion is popular among them. The Irish
have done good service in the Boer cause, but,
on the other hand, a company of Scandinavians
imperilied the Boer success at Magersfontein
by imprudently rushing out and seizing a
kopje, bringing on the engagement at a point
not desired by Cronje, Tho Boer authorities
therenpon made arule that no more than six
foreigners should be included in any company,

The motive of the foreign volunteer is not
usually sympathy with the Boer cause, State
Secretary Reitz of the Transvaal was visiting
a hospital at Pretoria, and said to a wounded
Irishman of Blake's force: “It was noble of
you to fight like this for your adopted country.
It won't be forgotten.”

The wounded volunteer replied with profane
eandor; “Adopted country be damned. I hate
the English,”

Irish-American Ambulance Corps at Havre,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar BUN,
Lowpnon, Feb, 24.—The Irish-American Boer
Ambulance Corps, which sailed from New York
on Feb, 15 on the French line steamship La
Gascogne, has arrived at Havre,

 

BRITISH STUDENTS CELEBRATE,

A Dinner at Princeton in Honor of Gen.
Roberta's Successes,

Pratnceton, N. J., Feb, 24.—The British
atudenta in the Princeton Theological 8emi-
nary, about twenty-flve in number, to-night
gave vent to their enthusiasm over the favor-
able turn of affairs in the South African war,
Early in the evening the students gathered on
the seminary campus and repaired in a body to
Brown Hall, where a banquet was held, B.C.

Ricardson of London, President of the British
(lub, presided and responded to the toast,
The British Army.’ The hall was tastefully
decorated with the flags of England and the
United States, and over the President's chair
the Union Jack and Stara and Stripea wore
draped together, At the close “The Star
Spang!ed Banner” and “Rule Britannia” were
sung.

FOR WOUNDED WITHIN BOER LINES,

Fresh Appeal for Money for Medicines and
Surgical Instruments.

John L. V. Pruyn, chairman of the American
Committee to aid the wounded of both bel-
Hgerents within the Boer lines, received a
cablegram yesterday from Howard C, Hillegas,
a member of the committee now in South

Africa, appealing for money forthe purchase of
mediclues and surgical instruments. Contri-
butions for this purpose may be sent tothe
treasurer of the committee, Tunis G. Bergen,
at 55 Liberty street.

MRS, SARTORIS OUT OF DANGER,

A Week Ago She Underwent an Operation
for Cancer of the Breast,

The fact was recorded in THe Sun a few days |
ago that Mrs, Nellie Grant Sartoris was Ill ina |
private hospital in this city. Yesterday it was
made known that she is in the private sanitar-
jum of Dr. Gill Wylie, at 215 West Forty-third
Keyes of 1 East !

atreet, Dr. Edward L.
Seventy-fourth street has charge of the
case,

Dr. Keyes said yesterday that an opeAtion
had bean performed a week ago for cancer, |
and that, although the operation was a very |
delicate one, Mrs. Sartoris had so far recovered |

that he now considered her out of danger,

Mra, Sartoris, Who had been making her
home in Washington with her mother, had
been complaining for several mooths of pains
fa her breast, Finally, on the advice of a sur-
geon, she came to this city, and it became
evident that her ailment was cancer. Her
daughtes Vivian came to this city with her and
is Ktopping with friends on Madison avenue, It
Waa reported yesterday that Mrs. Grant is
prostrated over the illness of her daughter and
pet granddaughter, the Princess Cautacuzene
n Russia

 

Dining Car Service on All Trains to Florida
via Southern Kailwayv, The popular throawh car
ronte to Aiken, Auzusta, Florida, Cuba and Nassau,
New York Office, 1185 and 271 Broadway.—Aav.

kK. & W.
E&W. Dress Shirt. FE. & W,
Correct in fit.—Ady,

00.-

        

COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND

BULLER 1N A HARD FIGHT,

 

Boers Make a Strong Opposition to His
Advance From the Tugela.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
From Tar Scn’s Correspondent With Gen. Buller's
Forces.

Conrnso Camp, Feb, 24, 1:50 P. M.—Colenso
township railway station on the south side of
the Tugela, Fort Wylie andthe country about
two miles to the north have been occupied by
the British.

The British are meeting strong opposition
toe further advance, the Boers having at least
three guns in position on the high hills di-
rectly in front of Buller.

There was heavy shelling on both sides all:
day Thursday. The British infantry advanced
at midday, but met a heavy fire from the Boer
intrenchments,

From the heights Tag Sun’s eorrespond ent
sawthe Boers clambering up the side of a
kopje where the British infantry were sta-
tioned with a view of enfilading them.

An infantry battle ensued, which continued
untildark, Even then it did not cease, and
though the night was pitch dark the fighting
was maintained until 10 o'clock and volleying
was kept up intermittently all aight,

The battle continues to-day. The British
artillery is now shelling Grobler’s Kloof, while
the infantry is fighting in the foothills.

An examination of the former camp ground
of the Boers shows that the burghers must
have made hasty flight. Flags, travelling bags,
food and ammunition were found scattered
about in all directions, Shelters were discov-
ered cut into the hillsides with bedstoads stil!
there. A number of sporting aud explosive
soft-nosed split bullets were also found. An
electric plant and dynamo, with apparatus fora
searchlight, were among the things left behind
bythe Boers, The engine bore the name of a
firm of builders at Ipswich, England.

A number of new Boer trenchos were also
discovered. These were quite extensive, were
well placed and had bomb-proof shelters, but
were untenable when the British occupied
Hlangwane Hill.

 

BULLER REPORTS LOSSES,

His Troops Continuously Fighting Across
the Tugela—A Major-General Wounded,

Special Cab'e DespatcA to Tur Sun.

Lonpoy, Feb. 24.-Gen, Buller cables to
the War Office the names of officers killed anid
wounded in the fighting on Feb, 22. Three
Lieutenants were kille { and fourteen offleers,
including Major-Genera! Wynne and a Lieu-
tenant-Colonel, were wounded,

Gen, Buller adds that continuous fighting
prevents him from giving the casualties among
the men.

 

BOERS REPORT REPULSE OF BULLER,

Say He Suffered Heavy Loas in the Attacks
on Thursday and Friday.

Specia! Cab'e Despaicd ta Tux Sun.

Pretoria, Feb, 24.—A despatch from the
Boer head Jagger at Ladysmith states that the
British crossed the Tugela on Feb. 22 and
made an attack on the Ermelo and Middeburg
commandos, But, after heavy fighting, aceord-
ing to this despatch, the British were compelled
to retreat. They renewed the attack the next

morning, but were again driven back with
heavy loss ey
WHERE 18 SUPT, T, T. POWELTI,

An Official of Newport News, Va., Strangely
Missing—Last Seen in This City.

Newport News, Va., Feb. 24.--T. T. Powell,
Buperintendent of Public Schools in this city,
is missing, and his frienda think that he has
been foully dealt with. He has not been heard
from since his departure, Jan. 23, and his
friends who went to New York to search for
him have notrace since Feb. 13, when he dined
atthe University Clubin the Metropolis with
his cousin, William FE, Evans of the staff of the
Brooklyn Eagle, The State Board of Education
will probably appoint his successor in afew
days,

Mr. Powel! served in the Legislature for two
terms and was elected to his present offlee four
years ago. He isoneof tha best known and
most popular young lawyers in this part of
Virginia, He traveled abroad for several years,
When he started for New York on Jan, 28, he
told his trfends that he expected to become aa-
sociated with a lurge publishing house in that
eity and would return in a few days, He was
not here to sign the certificates enabling
the teachers to. get their salaries and
then his friends became unersy. The
days passed and still he was not heard
from, Two of his triends, Auditor John W
Read and C.D West, a real estate man, went
to New York to flud him. They suceeedad in
tracing him upto Feb, 13, when he dined with
hiseonsin, They also ascertained that he was
presentat the Molineux trial and was inthe
company of either Mr. Weeks or ‘Mr battle.
Assistant Distr. t Attorney Lindsay Gordon, a

did relatives in New York, The police were
not ealled upon as it was dealred to keepthe
affairout of the newapapers. A wealthy aunt
there whom it was aupposed he had visited,
knew nothing of his whereabouta,

The friends returned to the city without
learning anything tangible about the missing
man and they have about given up the search,
There {ano reason why he should absent him-
solf in this way. es

It was learneu later that Supt, Powell had
stopped at the Hotel St. Denis while he was
in the city, On Feb 18 he took dinner
with his cousin. Mr, Pvans On the follow.
{ng day he met Mr. Evans again and
told him that he had been a visitor

at the Molineux trial and had heard Mr. Weeks |

sum up, He also said that he was going to be
out of the city fora few days, but he did not
tell Mr. Fvana where he was going. He left
the st. Denis the same day. From that point
on all trace of him was lost.

 

FOUR BOMBS FOUND,

So the Police Belleve—Pieces of Pipe With
Fuses Attached,

In the Newtown police station last night in
apailof water were four pieces of iron pipe
with fuses attached, which the police believe
are dynamite bombs, The pieces of pipe were
found last evening by George Wackenhart, 4

| florist, who owns several greenhouses on Juni-

per avenue, In Middie Village, L. 1. Waeken-
hart was walking through the largest of his
greenhouses about 6 o'clock, when under a
bench near the furnace he noticed the pieces of

pipe. They were about seven inches long and
an inch in diameter. They bad been carefully
capped andthe fuse in each was about two
Inches long

Wackentart left them where he tound them
and went to the Newtown station where he told
about the discovery he had made to Sergt
MeCauley, The latter sent a detective back
with the florist and the supposed bomba were
brought very carefully to the station. They
were quickly soused in a pail of water
and were left there for investigation ty
the Fire Marshal The latter was
fled Jast night.
ipe exactly correspond to some which were
ound several vears ago and which did really
prove to contain dynamite and had been man-
ufactured byan anarchist. Wackenhart shares
the opinion of the police concerning the pines.
He believes they were plaved in the green-
house by aome one who intended to destroy it.
He told the police, however, that he knew of no
one who had a grudge against him an | who
might have sought such a revenge,

A Palatial Train to Florida
via Pennsylvania and Southern Rea, "New York

    
 

and Florida Limited,” 12:40 noon, daily except
Sunday, Two other fast trains daily, 3:25 P.M. and
12:10 night, New York Office, lias 271 Broad-

way.— Adv,

noti- |
The police say the pieces of |

 

 

MURDER AT THE ENDICOT?,

DENTIST CALDWELL KITES DENTIST
HAYES'S WIFE 48D HIMSELF.

 

An ‘Ounce of Morphing, Ordered by the
Marderer Several Days Ago, Arrived at
the Hayes Apartment Just Before the
Murderer Betook Himself to a Pistol,

Mrs, Mainie Hayes, wife of Dr. Ephraim H.
Hayes, who is manager of the dental denart-
ment of the Slegel-Cooper store and proprietor
ofa dental office in the Hotel Endicott, was
shot and killed last night in hor apart-
ment in the Endicott by Franklin L. Cald-
well, a dentist, who lived there with her hus-
band, Caldwell shot her in the left tem-
ple and then turned the weapon on himself and
fired a bullet into histemple. Both are dead,

Dr. Hayes formerly lived in Chicago. and
had the drugstore in Siegel-Cooper store there.
Caldwell worked for him in that city. Four years
ago Dr. Haves was engaged by the Siegel-
Cooper Company to come to this city and man-
age the dental! department in their store here.
Mrs. Hayes did not come to New York with him.
Dr. Hayes sent her each week from this city
enough money to keep up her home, About
five weeks ago Dr, Hayes opened a dental office
on the ground floor of the Endicott, He brought
Caldwell on to manage his new venture,

He wrote to Caldwell in Chicago and offered
him the p'ace. Caldwell accepted the proposl-
tion, Mrs, Hayes and Caldwell came to this
city four weeks ago, and Dr. Hayes secured a
suite of eight rooms on the ground floor of the
hotel, Caldwell lived with the Hayeses, as did
also Ralph Hayes, a nephew of the doctor, who
is studying in adental college in this city. A
negro servant, Elizabeth Williams, completed
the household,

About 8:15 o'clock last night two pistol shots

in the apartment were heard in the hotel office,
Manager Fuller, the negro beliboy and the
clerk all ran forthe room, When they reached
the rooms, which are on the east side of the
sighty-Brat street entrance, the door opened
and the negro servant stuck her head out.
“Hurry up,” she gasped. “Mr, Caldwell has
killed Mra. Hayes and then shot himself.”

Manager Fuller notified Police Headquarters
hy telephone and went back to the rooms,
In the third room opening off of _the
ppivete hail were the bodies. of Mrs
Jayes and Caldwell Mrs. Hayes was
lying on her back on the bed. She
was partly undressed, She had evi-

dently died instantly, and a big hole inthe left
side of her head between herear and her eye
phawed how her head was ut the head of the
ed,

On the floor close to the bed was the body of
Caliweil. He lay on his face, and in his fali his

right hand, which held the pistol, had
been twisted around so that the weapon
was pointed against his stomach. He had

shot himself equarely tn the right temple, but
was still breathing when Manager Fuller got
there, The bellboy and the clark had run out,
one to get a physician, the other to get a
polleeman, Before either arrived Caldwell
died, Caldwell was fully dreased

Caldwell had been shaved in a barber shop
on Elghty-seeond street just east of Columbus
avenue shortiy aftertio'vlovk, He seemed at
the time to be in excellent) humor, and
laughed and joked with the barber,

Dr. Hayes said that he could not imagine any
motive for the erime.

The hotel people notifled Police Headquar-
ters and the Coroner's office. Acting Capt.
Kier of the Weet Sixty-eighth street station
hurried to the hote!, accompanied by Detec-
tives Deering. Saver and Heckler, Just be-
fore midnight Coroner Bausch got to the hotel,
The bodies were still where they had been
found.

Coroner Bausch took statements from every-
body who had been in the house at the
time oO the hooting. The colored girl,
‘ligabeth Will aid

Ama, that a bottle
of medicing had came to the house
and Dr. Haves. hat received it. He

pouboh Wis hat and went to the drug store
to “sea who had ordered. tt. Caldwell was
sitting in the parior reading «a newspaper,
and she was in the hedroom with Mrs.
Hayes, undressing her. She hadtaken off Mra
Haves’s waist and her corsets, and had untied
her shoe laces, when the door bell rang. She
left the bedroom, and when she fast saw Mra,
Hayes Mes Hayes was sitting on the side of the
bed, holding a bathrobe in her, hand, with her
nightgown onthe bed beside her When the
girl got fo the door there was 00 one there, and
on her way back to the room she heard the
pistol shots

Dr. Haves said that it was allan enigma to
him When he opened the package from the
drug store he saw that it contained an
ounce of morphine, and as his wife
had) been = mooly and sick for the
past two weeks under the eare of Dr. Richard-
son,and as she knew that she was to be sent to
4& aanitarium in the morning he thought
she might have ordered the morphine,
contemplating snicide He went to. the
druggist and there learned that Cald-
well dhad ordered the morphine on
Tuesday, but had been told that thera waa
none in steck and had said that he would eal!
later for it, but wantediton Friday at the latest
The druggist told Dr Haves that when he saw
the bottle there and. realised that it was
Saturday he thought he had better send it

to the house, Dr. Haves said that he had
never known anything wrong in the re-
lations betwedn Caldwell and Mrs, Hayes,
When he was managing the Chicago

Biegel-Cooper drug. store Caldwell = man-
aged either the branch here or the store in the

Endicott. In that way Caldwell was in his
wife'scompany ae@reat deal :
After Coroner Bauseh had finished taking

the stitements he deolared that he was not
satisfied and that he Believed that some one
wasiying. He walkeloverto Dr Haves

“Now, Dr. Hayes,’ he agid, “this case needa
further — investigation. will tell you
that, under the dead man’s head, covered np
by the blood. we have found the wrapper of
that bottle of morphine. How do you explain
thar?"

“Lean't explain it,” said Dr, Hayes. “I know
nothing about it, one way or the other.”

“You told me.” replied the Coroner, “that
you were combing your hair when the package
was handed to you by your nephew Ralph,

' You said that you had slipped the package inro
friend of Mr. Powell, jotned in. the search, as |

 

| for this man?”

your pocket and that you would go to the
druggistand see about it, You said that vou
took the package to the drug store and that
you asked the druggist who had ordered itand
he told you Dr. Caldwell. Did you take off the
paper before you took the bottle to the drug
tore?"

“did not,” said Dr. Hayes, “I can't explain
itatall.”

“Well,” continued the Coroner, “I will tell
you whet my theory is. You diseovered that

—

 

, lished,

your wife had been intimate with Dr. Caldwell, |

orelse you auppoged that he was to blame for
the condition she was in from the use of drugs
or the excessive nse of liquora;: that vou held
him responsible for it, Is that rignt?”

"No, air,” said Dr, Hayes

“Tan'tita fact.” continued the Coroner, ‘that
you diseovered your wife and Dr. Caldwell in
the bedroom together and that you accused
them of being unduly intimate and him of
having furnished her with morphine,and that
as soon as Caldwell saw that you knew all
about the matter he whipped out a revolver
and shot vour Wfeanl then bimself, and you
walked out of the room and told this story
about betnw at the drug store at the time?”

“No,” satd Dr. Hayes

"There's another thing that T want you to
explan, continued the Coroner, “What did
you mean in your statement when you said
thatyou still had ¢ bottle of morphine in
your possession, and that you intended to keep
it, as i Would prove that your story was true?
Why sbou'd vour story be doubted?

“Tcan’t explain,” said Dr. Hayes
excited, and Laatd a whole lot of things
to getatthe truth of this as much as you do,
and [with willing!y tell all that I know at the
oMeial investigation.”

oroner Bausch walked about the room talk

ing to the other witnesses, tut every little
while he would return to Dr. Hayes and bom-
bart him with questions, He pointed out that
ithad not been proved that Dr. Hayes was at
the drug store at the time the shooting oe-
eurred and thatthe clerk he had been talking
to, 18 he alleged, was not atthe drug store, but
hod gone home ferthe night,

 

 

“T was

| ture of the murde

Twant |

| shelved,

“Isn't ita faet, asked the Coroner, turning |

suidenty on Dr, Hayes, “that you hada quarrel
with Cattwall this afternoon when you eame

| home and found vour wife in a bad eonditton.
Vand after a whispered conversation with a

servant?”

“Well, sald Dr. Hayes, “we did have a
quarre, thatistosay, a friendly one [told
him that could not stand for things any
Jonger and that he had hetter hunt another
piace. That was all there was to the quarrel,’

“Didn't you know of your wife's infatuation
continued the Coroner.

“Wall, replied Dr. Haves, "LE test discovered
itahou® four weeks avo.”

Dr. Hayes had declared in his previous
statement and in answer to the Coroner's
questions that he had not known of anything
wrong Letween bis wife and Caldwell

“What happened to-!ay?” asked the Coroner

 

again
hen Teame home at 2 o'clock and foun!
meen —— ene
ee Fishing at Tampa Bay
and Florida Wes: Coast Hotels, . t sere
vice—Plant System 2¥0 Broadway Fo ae. ;

 

| arrived, the shoemaker was

ve

 
    

a

PAGES,

erin tho shape she was,” replied Dr. Hayes
“Ttold him that | could stand for such things
nolonger, I told him that I knew he waa
w ving ¥ wife morphine and that he himeelf
was hitting the booze too hard. I aaid that wa
had always been friendly but that while I had
no particular ill will againat him, I waa bound
that these things must cease and he must find
another place.”

Coroner Bausch was unable to change this
story. Then he gave permission to John Irv-
ing, an undertaker, at 431 Amsterdam avenue,
to remove the bodies to his establishment and
ordered a policeman to stay at the undertak-
ing shop all night to see that there was no
effort made to embalm the bodies or
to in _ any way change their condition
before Dr. O'Hanlon makes thelinquest to-day,
Ho said that he would arrest the undertaker if
any such attempt was made, He also said that
he did not want to arrest Hayes, as he was

ositive that Caldwell bad dove the shooting,

ut that he did want to get at the real truth of
the matter, Hayes wns not locked up, buta
oliceman was placed in the apartments with

{m for the night,

Coroner Bausch found a number of letters in
Caldwell's panew rae, One of them, which
was on the dreseer in Mrs. Hayea’s bedroom,
read as follows: ‘

“My dear, meot me at Brent Mills, N. Y.. You
know I have given up booze for you. I will
get off on the next train. Bring Lizzie with
you,”

This was unsigned and undated,

Mrs, Hayes and Caldwel) were each about 35

eats old, Caldwe!l was about 3 feet 8 inches

Il, rather thickset in buila, and had dark hair
and a dark mustache. Dr. Hayes is about

orty.

Dr. Richardson called at the hotel shortly
after the murder. [Tor the past two
weeks he hal been attending Mrs,
Hayes for nervous prostration, :

r. Hayes came originally from the far West.
He lately openod a dentist’s office in Philadel-
hia. During the four vears that he haa been
néthis city, his wife visited him anumber of
times, She was il! a great deal of the time
that she spent in New York.

Cuicaeo, Ill., Feb, 24.—Dr. Haves was the
manager of the Flegel-Conper. dental depart-
ment here, as well as that in New York. Mra.
Hayes heiped him in the management and {a
said to have been a clover business woman,
As@rule she wasin New York when he was
here und vice versa. Dr. and Mra. Hayes lived
atthe Turner Hotel, Thirty-third and State
streets, fora yearand a half until last June,
when they went toa boarding house in Mich-
lgag avenue. Mra Haves is said to be asister
of Samuel G. Wickery, president of the
Chicago Rubber and Belting Company, of 312
Dearborn street,

NEW ISTHMIAN CANAL ROUTE,

German Engineer Said to Have Discovered
One Only Eleven Miles Long.

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Svs,

Corox, Colombia, Feb. 24.—The American
Isthmian Canal Commiasion, of which Rear
Admiral Walker is chairman, is expected to
arrive at Panama next week,

The Colombian newspapers are discussing
the reported discovery by a German engineer
named Krwiese of an Isthmian canal route
which is only eleven miles long.

STEAMER BATH CITY WRECKED,

Freighter From New York Goes Ashore at
the Entrance of British Channel,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Svs.
Lonpon, Feb. 24.—The British steamship
Bath City, Capt. Jones, which sailed from New
York on Feb. ? for Bristol, ran ashore on
Lundy Island, at the entrance of Bristol Chan-

 

nel, this morning, and will be a total loss. The
crew was saved,
DIED AFTER FIGUTING A WOMAN,

The Excitement Was Too Much for Roedig
and He Succumbed to Heart Disease,

Charles Roedig, a shoemaker who had a little
shop inthe rear building at 183 Washington
place, was frequentiy annoyed by boys who
gathered outside and jeered at him. Last
evening ho caught eix-year-oll George Clark,
who lives in the same building, and began to
beat him. The Clark boy's mother, a muscu-
lar young woinan, heard his cries and went to
his assistance, She attacked Roedig and he
s00n went down under the assault, When he |
arose, Mrs, Clark says, he stabbed her over the

| eye with asharp instrument, probably a ahoe-

maker’sawl Sheran down the street yelling
for a policeman

In the meanwhile, Roedig went back into his
shop, A few minutes later he fellto the floor
and when the physician, who was summoned
dead, Coroner
Zucea and the physician made an examination
of the body, but could Gnd no marks that would
indicatethat Roedig's death was the result of
an assault. They said that he probably died of
heart disease brought on by excitement. Mra.
Clark was locked up in the Mercer street
station as a "suspicious person,” and her three
ebfidren, including George, were sent to the
Gerry society.

THE UAY-PAUNCEPOTE TREATY,

France the Last Furopean Nation to Sig-
nify Assent to It.

Wasnixaton, Feb. 24.—In a conversation at |
the State Department yesterday between the |
Secretary of State and the Freneh Ambassa-
dor, the information was conveyedto Secretar!

|
Hay by M. Cambon that France assented tothe | M

terms ofthe Hay-Pauncefote Treaty concerns
ing the neutralization ofthe Nicaragua Canal
France {6 the last Duropean nation to express |
satisfaction with the treary Her delay in |
making this acknowledgment soooner was due
to her desire to have the United States Choy

ernment accept tho Panama route, with a view
tothe purchase of the property and maehts of

 

the Panama Canal Company. in whieh Freneh
citizens are jitarested, Phe desire of Franee
tohave the Panama route adopted in preter-

ence to the Siearagua route wastnade known
to the State Department immy: diate.y after the
textofthe Hay-Pauncefote Treaty was) pub-

MRS, HENRIETTA SNELL DEAD,

Widow of the Millionaire of Whose Murder
Tascott Was Suspected,

Cricaco, Feb. 24.—-Mrs. Henrietta Snell died
to-day at her home, Washing@@on Boulevard
and Ada street, after an illness of three days
with heart disease, She was nearly 70 years

 

old. Mrs. Snell waa the widow of Amos J
Snell, the millionaire whose murder has re-
maine! amyatery for twelve years. He was

shotin the parior of his home on the night of

Feb, &, _}t'Se Suspicion turned toward
“Wille” Taseott. a wayward nephew, who, it
wasthoneht, committed the erime for rob-

hery, and he was followed as far as Milwaukee,
All trace was then lostof him. A reward of
$50,000 was offerad by the widow for the ean.
er, During flve years fol-
jowing the murder 5.000 men were arrested on
suspicion of being the Tascott

SENATOL PLATUMECARS FROM ALBANY
Bill and Certain Trost Legislation
Apparently to be shelved,

Senator Matt hadatak atthe Fifth Avenua
Hotel vesterday with Senators Flisworth,
Stranahan and Higgins and a nunber of other
Repubieans from Albany. Chairman Odell |
was present

It looked as if the $62,000,000 Canal bill was
Certain trust lowistation at Albany fa |
also parently to be put upon the shelf,
Every effort will be male to put in operation |
in fair fashion the Tax Franehise bill,

 

Canal

ay

    

PAULMEIST’S LITE LING DIDN'T HOLD,
Aaron Lee Fox Dies in Bellevue Though
He Expected to Live to go,

Aaron Lee Fox, professor of palmistry |
and phrenologist, died yesterday
Helevue Hospital, to the — disappoint:
ment of nearly all the patients in

his ward, who believed his declaration that he
was going to live until he was 00. He bad
pelted out to them and to tha doetora the
" lefned “life line” in hia palm whieh, he
sold, WAS A sure promise of longevity

Phe doctors think that this faith sustained
him many hours. He was 4 yenrs olf, tte
wis taken tothe hospital fram 45 First avenue
we Gaya ago suffering from extaustio
clue rope oe ie
Senay Of Teak’ Hourishoent. He hal no

eae Mast Service to Detroit,

¢,New York Central's ‘Detroit Special” leaves
New York at 4:00 P, M. every day. Fine service, no
excess fare, Uluminated by Pintsch Light,—adv,

 

, Oold wave-to-day; westerly gales.

PRICE FIVE CENTS. —

Se

—
———

ALL EYES ON 3D AVE, ROAD.

PUBLIC GREATLY INTERESTED IN
COMPANY'S PRESENT PLIGIT,

 

General Surprise That a Property of Suck
Earning Power Should Experience Dif-
ficulty in Procuring Money to Discharge
Its Obligations—The Recent Fluctua-
tions In Its Stock—History of the Road,

Tho drop tn the stock of the Third Avenue
Railroad Company to 74's, the lowest point
reached yesterday, records what ia undoubte
edly almost the culmination of a remarke
able episode tn the history of an important
corporation in which the public has an ine
terest, At the beginning of the year the
stock stoodat 135%, In the second week of
January it went down to 111%, recovered to
128% the week following, fell to 107, want
up again to 118, and dropped again at the end
ofthe month to 108%, From that figure the
decline has been almost continuous to the
closing price of yesterday, 75%. After closing
Friday at 84':, the market for this stock opened
yeeterday at 82, advanced to 83, and fell to
74%. The total transactions of the dav in it
represented 37,705 shares, making it again
the leading stock in activity in the street. The
course of the stock recently had led to a con-
siderable interest going short of the market,
and the fall was in part due evidently to the
covering of shorts and probably to some forced
selling of shares held on Joan or margin. How
many other influences operated to affect its
course {t would be difficult to guess or at any
rate to set down,

One year ago the stock of this eompany was
far above 200, Two years ago it was at nearly
200, In January, 1808, it stood at 164; {fo
Fobruary at 1044.. In January, 1809, it varied
from 167 to 171, and advanced in February to
242 It fell back in March to 145, but
advanced again in April to 240. It was
down in Devambeor last to 117%, and
from that time to the present the
decline has been at the rate approx-
imately of five points a day. Between Sature
day aweek ago and Saturday, yesterday, the
falling off was 20',, The future of the stook
no one knows. The property is now in the
hands of Wall Street and while responsible
banking houses are considering plans for its
rehabilitation, the measures to be decided
upon are atill problematical.

There was a conference yesterday at the
office of Vermilye & Co., at which, among
others, there were in attendance W. A. Read of
Vermilye & Co., H.R. Ickelheimer of Heidel-
bach, Ickelheimer & Co., and W. R. Whitridge,
@ lawyer who has been identified witn Ine
tereats of Andrew Onderdonk, the unsuccess-
ful bidder forthe underground Rapid Transit
raad contract. It was said after the conference
that there was nothing to be announced
to the public, but it became known that
if the new syndicate which is consider
ing the question of financing the road,
undertook to carry out the task it
would have a sufficient interest in the direc.
torate of the company to insure its operation
along such lines as the synilicate may deem
for the best interests of ‘all concerned,
Nothing, however, {t was stated on the authors
ity ofone ofthe bankers interested, was dee
cided as to. whether the syndicate, which ts
made up of Vermilye & Co, Heidelbach,
Ickelheimer & Co, and Hallgarten & Co.,,
woulltake up the plan proposed to them by
the company or not.

It developed yesterday that Russel! Sage was
among the creditora of the company. It was
reported in the Street that thafcompany's in-
debtednsss to Mr, Suge was About $200,000,
Mr. Sage refusedto announce the amount. The
indebtednessis in the form of notes for money
borrowed. Mr. Sage said that payments due
him had been made when due. The amount
of the indebtedness, however, remains
according to the Street rumors, at $200,000,

The company’s paper is, according to informas
tion in Wail Stree: widely distributed, a cone
siderable amount of it being held in New Eng-
land. It bas been accepted as collateral with
out question, the company’s stock having been
for so long among the regular dividend-paying
securities and the prospects being, so far as
could be seen, for a continuance of the ,come
pany's prosperity

There are many stories as to just what took
the stoek down, President Pifas attributes the
fall to manipulation entirely, He has denied
that Henry Hart, long the representative of the
controlling interest. of the road, has sold his
stock. as rumor said he had. The Street, how.

ever, bas it that Mr. Hart, who has been
generally known as @ specnjator in
various stocks which enlisted his inter
est, and in operations in which he frog
time to thine put oup some of his) Third
Avenue stock as security, recently disposed of
20,000 shares to James KR. Keene, giving Mr

Keene a eallon the balance of his holdings,

  

 

 

 
   

 

  
 

 

    

 

 

32.000 shares, at 125, upon consideration that
Mr) Keene would protect the stock where
ithad been putupas security for loans, This
ofeourse Would ompéy that the contract: was
made when the stot Was at a. price
high) enough to it profitable to
Mr. Keene to) pay the privilege of @
eall on the 82.000 shares at 125,  Aeecorde
inu to the story in the Street, the
82.000 @harestoame into Mr. Keene's hands,
\ has done with bis block of stoek no
one professes to know, Onestory has it that
he has sold out and that the Hart: holdings
have bo» stribated, There Was a rumor @
few days that Mr K * had held oon te
the shares and that when one well-known
banking bouss whieh Was approgehed with a
Propo ’ t fund the vomp y's debt
lehton that aeeount Nave dive
rstich representation as it
mitrobof the company iYairs,
it withdrew from the seh rie it was considere
Ing altogether
When the story got abroad in Taangeial cire'es
that the Hart stoek had passed to Mr Keena,
avcording to Wall Street observers, there bee
an some pretty danceuvring by interesta
known to be antagonistioto each other, It ia
po seeret in’ Wall Street that Mr Keene and

the Metropolitan Street Railway interosts are
not friendty. The street observers had it when

the Third Avenue stock began to go
down after the | reported Hart-Koene
dealings, that the Metropolitan people wera
pounding it, Whether as a return fo some
former attention paid them by Mr. Keene ia
bearish operations or tor the purpose of
obtaining control of the Third Avenue come

the Street was unable iodetermine, Mr,

yiby
Man e according to these stories, responded
with anattaek on People’s Gas, which was met
by arid on Leather common, a favorite stock
of Mr. Keene's. and that was followed in turn
by dey recitation inthe Metropolitan and Brooke
Ivn Rapid Transit stocks which Mr, Keene was
eredited with bringmng about

Whether these stories hud other basis than
the fluctuations in the particular stocks mene
tioned and the Knowledge that the stocks were
favorites of Interests oppesed to each other,
the conscientious historians of the Street do
hot profess to know, According to information
which transpired yesterday, there is a large
amountof the Third Avenue company s paper

 

 

      
   

 

 

held by leading banks and trust) @ome
panies of this city, as well as by individuals
here and in New England, where the notes
were distributed, it is said, by a broker, all
the paper basing been put outtor loans as
Inoney was bee ‘Tne loans obtained on tt,
itissait, run from $50,000t) $190,000. Some
of the notes bear the ind nt_of Henry
Hart and some that of I nt Elias, itis
said Providence an) Boston are named ag
among the New Enuland cittes interested in
the Third Avenue company + affaire, and t¢
| was said yesterday that Ph: adeiphia also had
tuketsome of the company's paper
The low estate of the company, reached by
such rapid deseont, has worked hardships
which w d not follow upen the deeline of all
: sa dealt ing in Wall Street. The Third
Avenue Railroad stock hast i for years an
Fonvestment rather than a speculative stoek
The whole history of the road favored its
development aonv that line Like the Broal-
} way road, it iA the suecessorof a line of atagea
coaches, Like so many street and steam rall-

rouds of an earlier day, it fell largely into the

 

hands of one man The manin this case wae
Heory Hart, now far advanced in years, who
suwthe futureofa surface railroad connect.

wothe lower part ofthe citv with Harlem
nd setout toproflt by its possibilities and to

Linthe devealopmentoft the eity in that way

Mr tart, accoriimg to report moreud litela
ifanyontean bar write hisown name, but
he had the genins necessary for the successful
evelopment of the rowtand with his friends

yas controved its affairs for almost haifa cane

, The Glorious Mountains of North Carolina,

 
  
 
 

Write Eastern Pass nger Agency Soutuern By,
1185 Brow iway, for copy of ‘Winter Homes ia the
Svuth,”~ Ady. ‘