== ee eee
_- apanie

 

 

 

 

COLONEL CALLS |
WILSON SPEECH |
WEASEL WORDS

President's
Training Takes Good Out
of Universal System. — |

“Voluntary”

 

GREETED BY GREAT

CROWDS IN ST. LOUIS.

Bryan and Ford Nice Met

and He Likes Them in
Private Life.

HAD NO FAVORITES

WHEN EXECUTIVE,

 

Toosevelt) Assails German-
American Alliance as
Anti-American.

 

we
ing
Mou

us An

spent a busy day here to-day, mak-

three speeches, in which he de-
ed the German-American Alllance

anti-American Alliance

eert

 

= that the acts of the leaders of

toc German-American Alliance, who seek |

to coerce public men, are “moral trea-
eon”

Mr Roosevelt arrived so early this
morning that only about 3,000 people |

were on hand to greet him. But when
le came out of the Mercantile Club and
entcred his automobile to be driven to
the City Club he was greeted by a throng
that filled the streets,

When the Colonel was scen in the busi-

Ress district thousands gathered, cheer- |

ing and applauding him His speeches
Were all received with great acclaim

His speech at the City Club in the
afternoon was the only one of the three
Prepared in advance, In this he gdded
@ pecial denunciation of the German-
American Alliance of St. Louis for vot-
ing down # proposal to take part in the
breparedness purade which will be held
Bere on June 3.

In the course of one of his ealks, re-

Pying to President Wilson's speech, he!
Geclaved that he did not have to deal |
With Bryan or Ford

“Both are nice, amiable men, and I
like them in private life,
1 decline to take part in any such wild
Mental joy ride as would be necessary !f

1 had to discuss seriously
tude.”

he said, “but

their atti-

Roosevelt's first speech was made ac.

breakfast at the Planters Hotel, where

 

 

he was taken immediately after his ar-
1 A crowd greeted him at the
Union Station, but few were on the

Gireets along the route to the hotel.

Takes Issue With Wilson,

In his speech at breakfast the Colonel
@evoled most of his time to taking issue
With President Wilson's Memorial Day
@diiress

Tie President in his speech said he
Wes for universal voluntary tréining,”
tod Mr. Roosevelt. “That is an expres-
sion precisely similar to that which you

vould use if in speaking of schools you
ehoucl say you believed in universal
cbligatory attendance upon all childrea

€acept those that didn't wish to go :v!

School at all,

“In connection with the word ‘train-
ing othe words ‘universal voluntary,’
have the same effect that acid has upon

Qlkali—-they neutralize each other

“lam going to take the liberty of say-
ing just a wom about myself in con-
nection with my own ancestors. | came

 

of old Colonial stock. My people have
been here 259 years——-long before the
Revolution If you wanted to express
My) connection with an Old World land
204 would have to use seven hyphens
for i:

Among lils ancestors, the Colonel said,

 

 

  

 

Were Germans who founded Ger-
mart » Pa, two English and Welsh
famiies of farmers, an Irishman who
lived in Penneylvanta or Maryland, some
Reotcv and French Huguenots in Georgia
@nd some Dutch.

Didn't Pick Their Foe.

“M\  ancestore,’ he continued, “fol-
lowed Wash hgton, and they never asked
Whether their Generals were of English,
German, Trish French origin, nor did
they at Princeton refuse to fight be-
Cause the enemy were British, They

Moved against all the forces of the op-
Duriton regardless of what land they
had come from

‘When I was President I treated with

 

(endship all foreign countries I
Played no favorites. In asserting the
Mel's of this country, whether against
England or Germany, I played no
favorites. I asserted the rights of this
‘our'ry the same against one as against
Wig orher, and when IT asserted the rights

ountry against England
Pigish deseent
Tigi:

Tex

aml when T asserted the
‘hos country against Germany
ted the support of every American
tan descent. That's what I mean

of

 

 

by play ne one favorites,”
, Ih introducing M Roosevelt) John 8.
ANS Had referred to the Declaration
of dependence. The Colonel at. this
his speech turned to Leahy and

ead

‘Ou referred to the Declaration of
Independence, The day after it Wars
“ ‘ho the men who signed it put it into
fAecution at the risk of their lives,
a ‘it had been merely a collection |
et

* phrases, ff it had been constructed

 

VOL. LXXXIIL-—-NO. 275,

|} have trained

|
1,
|
|
|
|
|

€: Lovis, May 31.—Theodore Roose- |
'
'

He as- |
sailed what he called the bhyphenates, as- |

I ex- |
bected the support of every American of |

+4

CHICAGO; T.

 

 

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE 1,

HUGHES LEADS FIELD IN _ PUBLIC KITCHENS

R. AND TEN

RIVALS JOIN TO BEAT HIM

 

United Movement Under W ay to Elbow Jurist Out of
Race—Party Leaders See Danger, However, of
Roosevelt Running Away With Nomination.

 

CHIcaGo, May 31.—The situation on
the eve of the meeting of the Republican
National Committee {ts :

Assoclate Justice Charles E Hughes
of the United States Supreme Court
apparently leads the field for the Re-
Publican Presidential nomination

Col, Roosevelt, his lieutenants and
the ten so-called favorite sons are
making a common cause against the
Hughes moyement,

Roosevelt's managers realize that until
Hughes is eliminated the Colonel can-
not hope to make any substantial head-
Way toward securing the Republican
nomination. The favorite in
the same botn
jurts:.
working in a common effort
to force Hughes into making a state-
ment in regard to his views, or at least
repudiating the efforts that
being put forth to get delegates
him a

Sons are

exactly boat,

guns

Hence,

their on the

They are

are now

for

In other words, Col. Roosevelt's back-
ers and the other candidates have de-
termined that Hughes must be “smoked

out,” and the process ts going merrily
on,

Hughes to Remain Silent.

THe SuN correspondent has excellent
| ground for predicting that this effort will
fail. Mr. Hughes will not make any
statement of his views. If his nomina-
tion for President ts to depend solely
upon such an expression by him itt will

Hughes
barrier

mem be forced from Justice
erecting an insurmountable
egainst his being named
Definite information ha® reached Chi-
eago that Justice Hughes's attitude now
is Just what it has been ever since his
hame wags first proposed: that he is not
a candidate for the nomination and that
he is not saying whether or not he would
accept if the honor came to him. While
; the Justice himself is refraining from
| making any direct statement, his friends

 

are satisfied he would aceept such a
call by the party.
The efforts of the Roosevelt people

and of the favorite son group to elbow
Hughes out of the running became very
apparent to-day. One story after anothe:

VANDERLIP COMES
- OUT FOR ROOSEVELT

|

'Head of National City

'

 

 

Bank
Believes Preparedness Is
the Vital Issue.

 

|
WALL STREET SHIFTING

 

The first open declaration of sentl-
among the recognized fMancial
leaders of the country Was made yester-
| day by Frank A. Vanderlip, president of

ment

|the National City Bank, in favor of
| Theodore Roosevelt
| Mr. Vanderlip's stand @!@ not come as

‘a surprise, as the observation of nearly
all men in the financta! district for the
past few weeks has been that the swing
of the opinion there was all toward the
Colonel. This belief was voiced by Mr,
Vanderlip himself in making announce-
ment of his position He admitted that

 

he, like a great many others, had only
to his present convictions re-)
He was Assistant Secretary of
{the Treasury under the first McKinley

Administration.
said Mr,

‘T am for Roosevelt
derlip explaining his stand to the news-
paper men “Lt admit that I was net
some months ago, but 1 have come to
believe that Roosevelt voices the one

great principle that politics has to dea),

compaign. The necessity of
overshadows

teward business

with this
preparedness
His attitude
the whole, In my

else hag
been on

factory,

good is busineSs If the country is un-)
able to protect itself against dangers
thar may threaten?”

While Mr, Vanderlip was speaking for |

himself alone, it is the general belief in
Wall Street that he volced the opinion
of many of the other more prominent
men, The supposition has been ever

since the famous Gary dinner that Roose- |

velt was !n a favorable position to re-
ceive the support of banking and com-

mereial interests, but until recently ft
has been felt in the financial district
that he could not be nominated, Within

two weeks, notably since the formation
of the George von L. Meyer Republican
committee, this doubt has been succeeded
by a confidence that Roosevelt can over-
come old guard opposition and
Hughes for the Republican nomination,

Some time ago a canvass taken among
New York Stock Exchange
showed a preponderance in favor of Root,

ticeably along with the confidence in
Roosevelt's position, a new enthusiasm
for him based on the convietion that the
Republicans must nominate a man
would stand every possible chance
election,

‘BIG BUSINESS’ TURNS.

of

| Vanderlip Declaration Negarded as
| Merely the Forerunner.

news that

CHicage, May 31. The
ih declared for

Frank A. Vanderlip had
Col, Roosevelt aroused great Interest
here jn all polltical circles, By many
jit was regarded as the beginning of a
sawing on the part of “big business” fig-
ures toward Roosevelt, There had been
many reports here to-day that tmpor-

#1) Composed inerely as a magnificent ' tant business men were turning to
Go utonary effort,.and not reduced to | Roosevelt and would soon appear in the
2000, nobody would have remembered | open advocates of his nomination
f{tatter it had be en written When the possibillty of nominating
The men who wrote the Declaration | Gol, Roosevelt was first discussed sev-
Of Independence transiated thelr words | erat months ago it was known that Im-
Ne deeds so did Abraham Lincoln in| portant business men of New York were
ettyebure speech, in his second ine | favorably inclined toward the suggestion
f ) address {f Lincoln ta making, The fact that the United Stafea had
' pidees had spoken ina Piekwiek- | rolled up a huge credit abroad and might
‘ ther of Its speeches would | need a vigorous foreign policy to collect
Be tend todas Dont declave for any- | soine of these debts was one factor that

Covtinued on Third Page.

velt talk,

eae jesit'ta prominently in the early Reoose-

not be forthcoming. Nor will any state- |

Van- |

everything |

opinion, satis-,
but that is a minor issue What)

defeat |

members |

Since that time there has developed, no-!

who |

Was put in circulation, all designed
puncture the Hlughes boom and all trace-
able to Roosevelt followers or to the
camps of the so-called State favorites.

Before the day was over a lot of hard
feeling had been stirred up and it seemed
eertain that the Republican gathering
sin for some mud throwing and consid-
erable bitterness before the nominee is
selected.

night that the campaign against the
jurist was to be continued with greater
vigor in the next few days and that it
would include a deluge of telegrams to
him from all parts of the country de-
manding that he declare himself

Hut while the Roosevelt and the
favorite son forces are working toward
a common end, they each have different
purposes in mind. The Colonel's fol-
lowers ure positive that if they car
quelel the Hughes movement the
Colonel can canter away with the lh
publican; nomination. The State favor-
ites belleve that if they can only crowd
Hughes out of it the selection will be
made from among their number

They figure that Col. Roosevelt al-
ready has been “stopped,” but it Is evi-
dent that occasionally their confidence
on this score weakens. For while they
are busily engaged in inventing seven.
teen different brands of trouble for
Hughes they frequently pause long
enough to take a filng or two at Roose-
velt and assure each other that he is
utterly and everlastingly impossible.

However, many of the Republican
leaders who drifted in to-day for the
Natlonal g'ommittee meeting which be-
gins to-morrow gave it as their opinion
that the favorite sons are playing with
fee They expressed the fear that if
Hughes is forced out Roosevelt will run
away with the convention, Furthermore
the arrival here of the members of the
National Committee contirmed
ssaston that has been growing rec
jin many quarters that President \V
'

 

 
  

is not «oiling to be an easy candidate to

beat and that it will be necessary fot
jthe Republicans to gut forward their
strongest man,

| When the question ie asked: Who is

the strongest man? The answer comes
back invariably: Hughes or Roosevelt
That is the reason why many Republican
leaders believe the strength of the favor-
ite sons is goings to melt like snow in

\ Continued on Sevond Page

TELEGRAPHERS TALK
OF WALKOUT JUNE 6

 

 

Men to Decide To-day Whether,

They Will *Tie Up’ Chicago
Convention News,

 

ABOUT 20.000) INVOLVED

affiliated

mercial Telegraphers

Telegraphers Com-

\merica

wit the

Unio of

will meet here to-day to vote on whether
or not they will cause a national strike
If they do the general sentimen: {© that

it shall begin June 6,
| Republican national

on the eve of the

convention, in an

; attempt to isolate Chicago from tele-
}@raph communteation with other parts
1 of the country

' 8. J. Konenkamp. president of the
union, said last night that he is pes.

simistic over the situation, while
B Mahany, Federa!

Roland

mediator, said that

 

 
      

 

|
while the outlook is extremely serious!
there js room for hope that a nation.
j wide strike will be averted
| The present situati 's chiefly due
to the action of the Western Union
company in discharging a few telegra-
phers in Roston The union telegraphers
‘ay ovefusal {O reinstate them was an
snfringement of the rights of the men
and of the union

Mediator Mahany made a report yes-

terday to Mr. Konenkamp in whieh h
made Known what is said to be the final
decision of Western Union offictuls, The

 

 

nature of the report was with 1, but
there is little doubt that the Western
| Union is standing firm

“Mr. Mahany said he did not look

 

; upon the result of his conferences with
ithe Western Union officials as entirely
discouraging,’ said Mr Konenkamp,
“but to the telegraphers the report only

| strengthened the general strike senti-

} ment of the convention.”

| The Western Union employs about

| 20,000 telegraphers

| Mr. Konenkainp asserted that the
| minimum wage of the telegraphers is:
$8 a week, but in many cittes the men

j receive, on an average, $12.50 a week,
(while in) other they get
| Newspaper telegraphers get from $25 to
($80 a week, while Wall Street telegra-
| phers get $5 more,

cities

 

 

| EVEN MONEY BET ON HUGHES.

|

 

Chester Thompson Has £100,000 to
Wager on Roosevelt at 7 to &,

   

| Chester The mpson, a curb market op-
| erator reports that there has heen a
iarge amount of betting at even money
that Hughes will be nominated by the
Chicago convention and he says he ean-
not find any evidence of the odds of
) 8 to } against Hughes recently reported.
He is ready to take any sueh
| offered, he adds

\ Thompson quotes 6 to 5 against Roose-
i velt and has $100,000 to bet on the
| Colonel at odds of 7 to 6. The
| against Root are & to 1 and against Fair-
banks 15 to 1}, while others are in the
“long shot" class,

CUBAN COMMISSION REPORTS.

No Power to Settle Claims in Portas
Company

Cuee,

Special Cable DespatcA to Thr Son,
| HAVANA, Map $1.--The Cabinet con-
{sidered to-day the reports of the com-
mission of three appointed by Presi-
dent Menoval to advise him regarding
the settlement of the claims of English
hondholders of the eatinet Ports Im-
provement Compan
| Senors Cueto and Bustamente advised
the President that he had no power to
make «a settlement, Senor Merrera ad-
vised to the contrary The Cabinet ee-
cepted the majority report.

 

 

 

The Hughes supporters had heard to- |

the im-,

more |

money

odds |

 

 

 

 

Wrecked by Hungry Mobs in| Explorer Reaches Port Stan-
Rush for Food, German ley, Falkland Islands, Af-
Paper Says. ter Perilous Journey.

700

 

GEESE AT &6$5 A PAIR DRIFTED

MILES

to!

850 Paid for a Ham—Short-, ‘Twenty-two Men of Expedi-
age of Food Telling on Left Behind When
Children, | Return Began,

< ee ee

tion

 

Special Cable Leapatch to Tne SUs
Lanpon, May 31 Investigation of res
' ports on the actual food situotion In

Germany reveals the fact that conditions

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Bes
Lonnon, June 1--The Daily Chronicie
Lieut. Sir

has rece

ved a telegram fron

 

ernest Shackleton, dated Port Stanley,
are becoming worse dails The food Kalkland Islands, May 31, announ ing
Situation ig threatening to become the that he has arrived there
most important factor of treat wit His ship, the Endurance, was crushed

A perusal of the German newspapers | i the Weddell Sea in October, 1915, he

discloses a wealth of occurrences rey

 

telegraphs, and driftec for 700 miles in

ing the real condiuons. Complaints are fee until April & Inst Lieut. Shackleton
nerd Eve he . » lif iit f +)
hens ‘ ywhere ver the difflcuity ¢ and his party Jand on Elephant Island
Sere SUPPES, WHC Be CONSIADUY of April 16,. Oh April 24 Lieut, Shackles
dwindiing. The gravity of the situation ton and five others left in a 22 foot boat
+ sh 1 by the 3 ’ t of To - :

shown 1 he appointment of Tort.lo for South Georgia } nd, the starting
itz , futoc "fe dicts fr; ‘ :
vitz von Ba o ki as food dictator point of the expedition, to seek help,
whose first efforts have not sticceeded

leaving twenty-two men in a hole in the

« cliffs. All were well left
the explorer saye in

In improving the situation he

are

when

Not only meat and bread but

fats, butter and eggs have been poaced

upon a card system. The allotment of
6ges in the leading cities does not exceed

but also all;

 

urgent need of rescue
The news of the safety of the explore
after

camne only a few hours Premier

   

 

    

       

   

 

   

 

   

 
   

   

 

       

 

       
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
    

         

 

   

          

   

     

       

 

 

 

  

        
 

 

 

     

 

 

 

   

    

  

 

 

'ALL MEXICANS URGED TO

{
|
|
}
|

|
|
|
|

 

 

three per head weekly Asquith had announced tn the House of
Protests against dealers accused of Commons that a committee had been
hoarding foodstuffs have resulted in the Selected by the Admiralty to consider
sending out of police to search the stores the organization of a relief expedition
and homes of merchants, who are heav- He said that the House would be re
‘ly punished when found guilty of con- ested to vote funds for the relief
cealing foodstuffs, The search of one ship, which would start as soon as pos-
Berlin merchant's store revealed the ex- sible
istence of « hollow floor, where ijiarge Considerable ag on ue
quantities of foodstuffs lay in hidir on in Mngeland for organization of 4
Measures taken by Von Batocki are relief expedition the new that
not Welcomed by the people. The news the Aurora had drifted from her base
of the arrival of travelling soup Kitchens (1 Hoss Sea
cireuwated in Berlin was the oecasion of
wild rioting, which the Berliner Tage- Eley Island is one of the South
blatt reports as follows Shethind group, and {js 5/0 sea miles
“An atter by the Charlottenburg yut 670 land miles), almost due south
authorities to relleve the general dis- from Hort Stanley The isiands are coyv-
‘tress by a distribution through peram- ered with snow for greater part of
bulating kitchens containing meals of the year and grow thing but lichens,
pork, peas and potatoes ended in utter mosses and some scanty grass They
‘flasco. bach kitenen contained 400 pints are haunt of seals and sea fowl
of stew A few minutes after the k Lieut Shackleton started from South!
ens arrived the netghbering = stre (leorgia Island, S00 miles east of Port
Were thronged by thousands eager to se- Stans on Jar Mary 10, 1915, to cruise
cure a share. ross the un ribs region about the
| D Mt atte ants w yless Mt is plan was ¢ enter
j tai a tans of the oF shrie een, Weddell Sea, a pu adrant of the Antarctic
women and children scooping up the ‘! e Atlant te, cross to ¢ po
Steaming stew with pots, cups, crockery, i! ye oul through Ross Sea, ¢ the
Kitchenware of every des Pacific side One of his Objects Was to
even wit are hands. Hundr termine whether the Victoria chain of
men and women as well as many chil- 'ountains, extending to the pole, was
dren were knocked down and trampled, @ Continuation of the Andes He @X-
upon, Within a quarter of an hour the, pressed belief that the world would hear
only evidences of fighting were broken Of him in March, 1916 :
parts of kitchen vans, smashed crockery expedition was div ded iy to two
fand shreds of clothing Iittering the road- pert one U : Lieut. Shack} on it
way the EB Urs Ine thie etal) Ben |
ute the other, under teut area
Won't Repeat Experiment. Mackintosh, in tne Aus going Ross
Sea to 1} ip Lieut. & let nid
The authorities now nounce that - eae cee i . Sets
[the affair was experiment and that it Tact alin
will not be repeated But this is a pity Oi Atay 1 es cleats sagumiat
| They did not adopt any precautions = ae rh Mai Gaiine Uerur a Cinine
which might have prevented the s , eae ; : eed
dalous scenes, instead causing still fur- : - i ” : é : ee Paes .
ther suffering to the people.” ; ‘ . ie m uy Pn mpyare)
The Eeclesiastical 4istory of the t sae y i vas rele ised fr
| Provinee of Brandenbt ues a cireu- ae u 14 er a dritt: f y
lar letter to the clergy Ted es beteaat ae Me acete ag, ee + for help se n
itake all steps within thet ex ole W tas met with y
plain the rod shortage { : or ‘ Was proceeding to
and “exhort them ¢ m ‘ and ielp '¢ ‘ eve ‘land, with a
the situation and iniliet punishment whe Jur ae
necessary.’ part at ine men under Lieu
The greatest agxiety i@ cauyed by the nt . had gone inland before the
decrease in the consumption ii t ra broke loose and a searching
ehniidren, caused by the shortage failed to find Her
Prof. Roth Vorwuerts, de- : ay mens uN ng the I.
seribed the any on in the schools " ; e behind
of Potsdam Many iren says, | ne CARN ) London for the
jure showing an unhealthy complexion, eas we a ae Hon: to n
land their mental efficiency haa de ed iF a ; none yA ato s wer ef
creased, The percent of children sut- ; : E ae ( UFO} a party :
fering from the effect the shortage in Apicella 3 OER teft beh ad, and o h
toe leading cities becomes daily worse Bo re wi fe 485 in t em wt Cape Evans
The Berliner Zeitung an Mittag sa a ma Bn : S eet
“Five eggs was the ulinost avanable oo yy, eer eae
to-day anywhere As u result Ws of Fa 7 ; ada rials
women who had stood in front of stores I te Mack - i
for hours, some since daybreak, were Tet reer Wald : :
obliged to Bo home at Hoon with empty gion, aut , 8
baskets but their hearts overbr ING With the return of Lieut. Sh are
with anger, Which was given utte Weddell Sea this possibility of help for
in a flood of abuse against the deal the Mackintosh parts removed
and imprecations of the authorities
Two Geeae Sold for 815, BATTLE AT ITS HEIGHT.
The Voastacne gelunp ays 200,000 Shells Fired Datly at One
“At a moment when stores are raiied
for concealing food and the owns are seot of Verdun Ui
severely punished, while those who have Special Cable Deapateh to Tur &
Net eaough nioney to evade the law show. Stay 94 Whaauneniine caren
stand in long lines for hours hoping to : ms
obtain the smallest proportion of r ons Paris describe the preser er anout
ailotted by a food card, the rt are |tack on Verdun as si ne furs
surreptitiously buying foodstuffs at out- | any of the previous attach aa iihvent
rageous prices, thus depriving others of afin TAM ERRIMA. iL a Ua satan tie
their fair share, We know the cause of a me a 7 *
farmner Who sold two geese to; $45. One tor t thar those of th past fe wodos
automobilist paid $50 for i harm, rm ut i 1 tt ousand shells of the
a price for which @ prize pig could be ingest AEDT Are nurleg daily !
ured in peace times narrow sector between the west
Che appointment of a food dictator the, agen, ee Ont tS ms northe
is not expected to remedy conditions ‘ ar. OFF ome DIAS. 1 the r
The Muenchner Nenueste Nachrichten ve ' oy ' nei : & + Ses &
Says nat Sa huey ee ene
“It is difficult indeed to cast the Baten te oe ano HORH ING oF et ee
horoscope of the new food dictator, who Sink de s nh the strugile for AY Ire Y ch
{must try his hand at the severest task second line as being in a critical stage
of the moment in Germany-—vamely to ‘ =
assure a food supply for 70,000,000 peo. 5 “a
| ple One thing is certain: even the WILSON A “PONTIUS PILATE.
stinest system Of war rationiag is un-
able to create more food material than! Jean Richepin Refers Angrily to
We possess “Unsolicited Wedtatton.”’
‘Much deperds, however, upon the a
Wise distribution, We exprcet therefore Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus
i that the new offlela! will thoroughly or Parts, May 31 Jean Rlehepin, the
/ganize the whole food resources without! \eademictan, who contributes fervent,
compromise or narrow minded considera- not to say frenzied, articles to the In
tions im favor of certain interes transigeant, concludes a protest against |
groups.” “unsvlicited mediation” with the words,
‘Tf ever we ask for a mediator it) will
Food Substitutes Denounced, not be Pontius Pilate
' ; .
The Chemiker Zettuna, which { the
Nleading authority on chemistry tn Cier- 4 GERMANY LACKS GASOLENE
many, denounces in strong terms some 0. ee
of the articles offered the people as Even U, 8 Envoy Cannot tet
substitutes for nutritious foodstuffs. The | Hunugh for bie Car.
}market fraud {3 denounced by this paper
fas a “German infamy.” Tt continues | special Cable Despatch ta Tir Svs
| “The butter substitute which is so Lonpon, May 31 The Daily Mail's
I mained advertised is a yellowish mags, | Ainsterdam correspondent telegraphs
j consisting of 63 per cent. of water, 17) “Owing to the seareity of gasolene
per cent, of butter fat and 18 per cent.) Germany has practically stopped the use
ef potato flour, This produce sells for, of private automobiles, including those
165 centa o pound The popular article of the neutral diplomats Ambassador

jnow is an ere substitute called ‘ohichen- | Gerird some weeks ago applied for per-

 

 

ette! It eco s Of yellow powder, whieh | inission to buy enough to run one ear)
is really mi » flour dyed vellow The for three months, but his request was re-
‘well known salad Oil substitute containa fused

98 per cent, water and the remainder is "A further request for permission

 

 

to

gelatinized substances and dyestuffs.” import gasolene was met with the reply
The official Government organ, tha) that the niulitary authorities would can-
Norddeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung, ade «itt if Necessary to  cornfiseate any
ymin the seriousness of the food situation, quantities of petrol found in’ Germany

end adds: whether imported or not
“In spite of all we have held out and | Tous is seriously impeding the ene
~ bassy's efforta to watch the conditions

Santinnad an Fourth Page pee valling in prisoners’ camps.”

_

    

THE WEATHER FORECAST. ~
Fair to-day; showers to-morrow, north
to east winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 71; lowest, 60.
Detailed weather, mail and marive reports on page 15,

 

 

1916,—— Copuriont, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Associatton,

PRICE 4

| ‘SHACKLETON OUT 'SHTARP CARRANZA NOTA
FAILURE IN BERLIN OF ANTARCTIC ICE

rt

————— oo

CENTS.

Deets

DEMANDS IMMEDIATE
RECALL OF U. S. TROOPS

 

 

JOIN ARMY BY GEN. OBREGON|

 

Carranza Consul Garcia Calls Upon His Countrymen in| oo
(READY TO PROTECT

I] Paso to Register—Border Sees Trouble Com-
ing-—Big Troop Movement.

 

 

    

By» FLOYD ©, GIBBONS. 1Villa Ahumada. It has no ratiroad, it
hi Paso, May 31.—Three thousand | 48 one of the most vital pointe tn the
Mexico soldiers left Villa Ahumada last | Pershing expedition southernmost line of
: : jcommunication, A sudden foray at this
hight, marching westward in the diree- | point by a superior number of Mexicans
tion of El Valle | would, if successful, cut the American
‘ ei J wz. | line of communientions in two and leave
tien, Gavira, commander of all Mex-| iy, Namiquipa base cut off from = the
ean forces in north Chihuahua, left) porder
Juarez this morning for Casas Grandes Without communications by rail or
Menionn artillery is being centred “ile the isolated American forces might
dong the Mexican National Ratiroad [ud themselves seriously embarrassed
fine between Juarez and Chihuahua ‘yo osuch an event as a break in the long
Minister of War Obregon has called) he behind them. — Protestation, diplo-
pon all Mexic , Tegardiess of past UMttic ana personal, by Mexican repre-
factional adherances, to take up arme S®htatives against the possibility of such
ind commissions in the army of Car.) #% Occurrence cannot be counted upon,
ranga is the belief of those who have had per-

sonal experience with the extent of the
control which the officials boast of hav-
ing over the detached units that

Mexican Consul Garcia in El Paso has
posted a bulletin calling upon ali Mexi-
can citizens living Il Paso to regis-

mn
'

ter at the Mexican Consulate eee the © eat, aa eres br

The above apparently unrelated de-| i n = +e Ae expedition een
velopments of the past two days, to- artillery Into Mexico the native officials
pathae with the presence of the last openly characterized {t as an evidence

of insincerity of purpose on the ground

Carranza note tn the hands of the United
that cannon were unnecessary in the pur-

States State Department, are conditions

  

 

    

that are daily increasing the size of the, suit of bandits
ut interrogation mark which symbol-/
izes. the mental attitude of the citizen- Artillery at Border.
ship of El Paso A man acquainted with the tumber
‘What's going to happen next? ‘Sof cannon available to the Mexican
the cry of the borderland, The military forces told) me to-day that it would
Observers are beginning to wonder be safe to estimate that more than
whether the presentation of the Car- half of the artillery at Gen. Obregon's
ranga note d the completion of the vommand {s now stationed along the
inovement of 30,000 Mexican troops in *Mexioan National Railroad, paralleling
northern Chihuahua at the same time

 

‘Si the American line of communications
Newspaper correspondents and photog-
phers who have asked Gen,

4 coincidence

Think They

'
(an Fight ra
within the last week for passports to go

  

     

 

 

  

 

 

 

       

 

 

|
'
'

|

|

|

repre. |

 

 

Gavira;

 

Continued Presence Will
Be Regarded, He Says,
as Unfriendly.

MEXICAN TERRITORY
Wilson, Scott and Funston
Accused of Breaking
Promises,

DOUBTS GOOD FAITH
OF THIS GOVERNMENT
Expresses Fear That U. 8.
Is Actually Preparing
for War.

WasHinuton, May 3 Demanding

that the United States consent to an
smmediate withdrawal of its forces
from Mexico in the interest of cone

tinued harmony and good relationship
betWeen the two countries and that it
make known in categorical fashion ite
intentions with respect to Mexico, @
the Carranza Governe

Siute Dee

new note from

ment Was presented to tire

partinent to-day by Eliseo Arredondo,

 

|
It is further believed here to-night to Villa Ahumada or other points of the| Mexi
i law ‘ : arose, rane : . - ee} Mexican Ambassad 1) 7 99g
Mexican opinion, popular and Mexican mobilization between Juarez | v hte aia eet eye tO ew
s that Mexico now occupies 4 and Chihuahua have been refused with hited States
position sufficiently strong to the statement that the Mexican Govern-| 9 In many respects ¢
: . ' e ch: ‘ Speets the commu
its increased insistence With 4 ment does not wish to permit Americans 4 one or? : : uaa
ation of force to place themselves in danger of attack | * "Me Of the sharpest ever received by
rture of the comparatively by bandits ;ene Government from another. Ale
and fast moving column of Meni- This fact and the evident attempt of| though not an ultim:
can cavalry from Villa Ahumada in the Mexican authorities to maintain secrecy | an ultimatum in the strict
! tion of El Vaile is looked upon wit vver movements along that 500 mile; Sense of the word, it charges that the
much concern by borderland authorities stret of all important railroad tracks) continued pres i
' : ‘ Pi esence .
famiiar with the lov + have given rise to the bellef that things | presence of the American
he equipment of Gen Per. ve happening along that line which the, troops in Mexico cannot be regarded
shing’s command Mexicans do not want Washington to|as other than unfriend]y . .
1 * . eaee ¥ and wo
In) Valle is about forty miles west of know until the time is ripe. | uld

BRITISH EXPECT ‘SHARPNESS OF NOTE
TRADE BY U BOATS SHOCKS MEXICO CITY

 

 

Experts See No Reason Why) Full Text of Note Published
Submarines Should Not Offers U.S, Withdrawal
or Fight.

TRICKERY CHARGED

Cross Ocean,

GERMANY JEERS AT TDEA

IS

 

 

    

 

 

  

   

 
     

       
 

Speora Cable Deapate’ (o Tun Sos Special Cable Deapatch to’
wnon, May 31 The feasibility f Mesteo City Ma +1
1 German submarine mer Neet im] iy is fron dream tt
liscounted tn naval circies here, On | wa, all the came out
he contrary, there {s believed to be on extras, a » delivers
eason why it should not be attempted | vesterday of « fn We
It is even suggestéd that Prince ver {ington, and giv the full text thereof
i t} {res to goa upon a m Great surprise is being manifested
Buelow, if he anes 9 ui ; ri the extreme firmness of the note
sion to the United States, as rumored PENT he statement that Carranaa’s forces
ant may cross the Atlantic in a site tin the rth will be oblige to defend
itiyv, may \
marine, which would achieve a spectac- | the ves if the Amertoan orlginal p
, aie feo: avoid: the tive expedition remains and that no
. Ti ” yor mane ole ne 1
ular effect He would a avo! | ba for a settlement onftiet
risk of refusal of a safe conduct by thet qin pe cepted exce retire
Brotis! lment e United States
Ther P that a traneatlant Attention also was called to offielal
statement that diplomatic euphe 1
Raat ye Stettin and ‘
subi e has been built at 7 . {put aside and frankness be adu
hat it will shortly proceed on a sea | by the declaration that the bringing
voyage from Hamburg, The report istof infantry and artillery by the original
: 5 liscredited here Che estimated | punitive expedition either meant an in-
lot diseredi \
|

  

    
   

   

 

   

 

     

 

 

|
i

'
|

_| Justify the Mexican Government in

taking steps for the protection of its
territory. it says the pur-

pose of Mexico is to avoid War with the
United States if possible:

However,

The note accuses the
ernment bad faith charges
President Wilson With permitting to
UXISt @ State of affairs that tg grossly
inconsistent repcated pro-

Ainerican Gove

at and

With his

|
testations of good will tuward Mexico,

‘with

It aveuses Gens, Scott “nd Funston

having fatled to keep promises
s4id to have been made to Gen. Obre-

; BEN that a new expedition would not

‘erents

{
z , sult tothe Mexican authorities, su Janet

length of the boat is 450 fee and the them capable of felony against Ae rf |
raft is said to be able te remain at) oan forces entering to pursu e come |
cen for twenty days without touching; mon enemy and trusting in the friend. |
7 ship, ‘Phe infantry and artillery really
par val authorities regard this as pos- | Were brought in to repel attacks of Care|
ia ant sh submarine went forty. | Tanza forces or a deliberate meve to}
eight days wit t touching port, moving | invade Mexieo, since infantry and Artile|
all the time ie question as to what) lery Were unnecessary to pursue Villa, |
status such a submarine merchant fleet | says the statement |
woul have is speculative, but it) is Intense suprise also wae caused by at
thought here that there is no reason why | drastic statement that the United States |
suk boats eould not be registered ag), "has for some time been committing
merchantmen and enjoy the same privi- | dtvers acta which not only did not lend any
leges ; assistance to the labor of the pecitica-
An interesting situation would arise if! tion of Mextoo, but on the contrary seems
the boats carried passengers, the chief | to put all possible obstacles {tn the way
question being whether they wo be lor this being carried out, without men-
warned and whether the safety of the | tioning the great number of diplomatic

passengers would be guar inteed in case
the U boats encountered allied warships

{representations whieh under the pretext
fof protection to Amertoan {nterests estab-

'

   

 

 

The Koelniache Zeitung desortbes the '} shed in) Mexico, constantly emtxirrass
report of Gerinag subranrine mereantile | the labor of the new government tn {ts at-
vessela as “fantastic nonsense, which Mpts to reorganize the polltical, social
would shame a Munchausen” Jand economie conditions in the country |

“We Jearn that the Tlambure-Amert- | upon new bases
can Line would only Institute freight eub. | “These facts,” the note says, “make

marines if in the future they did not se- | platn the influence of the American Gov-

 

be sentin pursuit of the Glenn Springs
raiders and that the Pers} ing expedt-
ten Would be withdrawn

Discusses Political Aspect,

It discusses tie possibility that the
President may he keeping the troops
in Mexico for political reasons, but
challenges e assumption that such
vonsiderations would j istify the Amer-
sean Government in continuing to vioe
late the sovereignty of Mexico.

With regard to the refusal of the
United States to permit any shipments
of arms to the de facto Government of
Mexico, the note alludes to the tremen-
vous trade which the Untted States
Nevertheless continues to enjoy in sell-
{ng arms and ammunttion to the bellig-
of Europe The only explana-
tion for such inconsistency, the note ob-
erves, ts the possibility that the Untted
States Is actually preparing for war
with Mexico des; its protest of friend-
Ssaip

Remarking on the fatlure of the
United States to aid the Carranza Gov-
ernment in its efforts to restore peace tn
Mexico, the note refers to the long pe-
riod during which the State Department

 

 

 

 

 

gave friendly enc igement to the
same Villa who is 1 to be responai-
ble for the recent bandit raids aaross

the border,

The note, which is twenty-seven type

 

   

  

written pages ‘ugth, Was presented
personally to Act Secretary Polk at
10 oO'elovk this) morning Tt was tn
Spanish and was signed with the auto-
eraph signature f tier Candido
Aguilar, Secretary for Morelyn Affaire
of Mexico

The Department's  transiators epent

the entire day putting it inte Enelish tn

 

order that the Mresident might have op-

portunity toe examine if to-night. It wag
fent to the President at 7 o'clock
Troops Are to Kematin,

It was authoritatively stated in ad-

ministrative cireles to-night following

the reading of the note by the President
that there would be “no change in pol-

 

 

cure the freedom of the seas.” says ernment against the consolidation of the} fey" and that the troops would rematn

the newspaper “They would then @e-! present Mextcan Qovernment.” The | Until such time as the President was

cure freedom under the seas, but they ] note'’s statement that Gen, Scott and the} Convinced that their mission had been
would have to build submarines of at] American State Department deetded to | 8atisfactorily aecomplished

least fifty thousand tons.” support Villa and prolonged eivil strife Up to a late hour the Administration

aaieiaieaea jit) Mexteo several months, also causes; Mad taken no steps to increase the forces

romment along the border or tn Mexico, although

STEAMERS FIRE ON U BOAT. | The public considers that Carranza's | to-day Gen, Funston asked for and ob-

Hote does not mince words tn qualifying | tained permission to move batteries H

German Official Report Tells of Ate! the actions of the American Government
i . ,and foreing the United States to retire

tacks Which Fated, the troops or bring on a war
Special Cable Deapatch ta Tir Sts } The public's surprise and intense in-
Henin, via London, May 31.-—The fol. | terest cin hardly be ealled excitement,
lowing stitement was issued here to- | but rather unexpected precipitation of a
tent crisis, however This will be cleared by

the withdrawal of the Amertean troops,
Carranza issued a decree to-night for-
bidding bunks, commercial houses and

\ German subinarine reeently  re-
turned from an enterprise in the At

 

entiog Wner ‘ SPR YOReS, SAP [private parties from buyine or selling
Ousmant, to hold up by 8 warning | rOld, foreign Dis or draft

shot a freight steamer of 8,000 tons | BOM g | F

which bore no neutral marks, There. | |
upon the vessel fired from a fh centi- $3,000,000,.000 FOR GERMANY.
meter gun The submarine reached | 5 a

safety and dater did’ not succeed in | Lonn Rit to Be Presented in the

approaching the vessel

On the following day Reichstag Nest Week,

the submarine |

   

; and F of the

followed a larger vessel and tired a Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux

ehot at lone range to arrest the COPENMAGEN, via London, May 31.-~

steamer This vessel flred from a atches from Berlin state that the

twelve oor thirteen centimeter gun, authorizing the new war loan will

The submarine again reached safety. |e subinitted to the Retchstag next
somo works

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER, |

pte ene case of elx glass stoppered bottiea | mark + ($3,000,000,000)
_. . ‘*

Doe loan will amount to 12,000,000 900

Sixth Field Artitlery,
&pectively at JTmredo, Vex, and
Pass, Tex., to Douglas as part of a
Bradual concentration of thea six bat-
leries of this regiment at that place

Should trouble seriously threaten as :
result of the note it is thought probable
the President would call for more Na
tlonal Guard organizations and direct tl.
War Department to draw on more of the
coast artillery. Secretary of War Bake:
who has been p@riding over the Demo-
eratie State conventlon at «ol
Ohio, Is expected back in the next day
two.

In somo official quarters the inclina-
tion {8 to regard the new note as tne
tended principally for home consumption
in Mexico.

Although Mr. Arredondo as late as 9
o'clock last night denied the extstence of
a note and insisted that no communica-
tion of any kind liad been brought to
Washington by Manue! Mendez, Chtef of
Protoco! of the Mexican Foreign OMee
he admilted to-day that Mr. Mendes had
brought a note, but with {nstructions

re.
Magle

 

ambus

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

|

aac

 

hid s
1 ;
4
'
i
‘ i
{
;
*
i;
‘ 4
}

 

 

 

 

 

 

ei
ie a.
Re E:
4
a.
ue
bt
' i
i” i
in
,
i
'
a
he
a
rye y
Val
;
|
{
j
t
'
| ;
i
]