w

o

  

iS
p
,
r
<a
‘
rep
we
~
‘
4
Fi
re
7

 

VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 20,

70 SAVEEMPRESS DOW AGER |

 

CHINESE WONT AGREE TO ANY PER-
SONAL PUNISHMENT OF HER.

 

May Consent That Her Power Be Taken Away,
but Personal Indigaity Would Be Danger-
ous to the Dynasty—Two Pro-Foreign Vice-
roys Added to the
Hang Chang Blames the Missionaries.

  
 

Special Cadle Despatches to THR SUN
From @ Staff Correspondent.

smanoual, Sept. 18, 980 P. M. —Speculation
continues in regard to the possible outcome
of the peace negotiations, It is certain now
that the Chinese will refuse to accept any plan
that will inflict personal indignity on the Em-
press Dowager. The Viceroys of the central
and southern provinces who protected the
foreigners under the agreement with the Con-
aule of the various Governments will oppose
any such plan and will fight if necessary. They
have two reasons for doing this, In the frat
place most of them were appointed by the Em-
press Dowager or through her influence. Sec-
ondly, if any indignity were offered to the Em-
press Dowager, who Ia the official mother of the
Emperor, the latter would lose oaste with the
people This could never be recovered and
would result in the virtual extinction of the
dynasty

The progressive Chinese are not averse to
the proposition that the Empress Dowager
shall be shorn of her power and Influence,
but they will go further. They will, however,
approve any punishment that may be meted
out to Prince Tuan and the rest of the Imperial
clan who are responsible for China's present
troubles

The Chinese negotiators would like to charge
that the missionaries are responsible for the
trouble and demand their withdrawal from
the country, but they realize that such a thing
is preposterous. In several official inter-
views before he left here Li Hung Chang de-
clared that the responsibility for the trouble
rested with the missionaries The corre
epondent of THE Stun asked a high official to-
day {f Earl Li really believed this. He replied:
*That depends on whom Li Hung Chang was
talking to. If he was talking offictally, yes.”

The Chinese approve of foreign physiclans
and educators coming to the country, but
they hate the missionaries,

Mr. Goodnow, the American Consul, esti-
mated to-day that between 40,000 and 60,000
pative Christians have been murdered for
refusing to recant

SHANGHAI, Sept. 18, 0:55 P. M.—An Impertal!
edict just Issued appoints Liu Kun Yi, the
Viceroy of Nanking, and Chang Chih Tung
the Viceroy of Wochang, Joint peace commis-
sioners with Ii Hung Chang, Prince Ching
and Gen. Yung Lu. These new appointments
were made at the request of Id Hung Chang.
The new appointees will not have the powers
of plenipotentiaries. They will remain at
their posts throughout the negotiations at
Pekin, but will be communicated with con-
stantly by telegraph

Liu Kun Yi fs a Progressive and is the most
friendly of all the Viceroys toward foreigners.
The Consuls of the various Governments who
are located here say he is the beet official in
China to-day, [iu and Chang Chih Tung,
the other appointees, were the first Viceroys
t» «lan the agreement with the Consuls for the
protection of foreigners

Yung Lu has returned to Pao-ting-fu, where
he will await the reply of the Powers to Li Hung
Chang as to whether they will recognize him as
a commissioner

Yu. the taotat of Shanghai, visited several
of the Consuls to-day, and asked permission
to arrest many of the leaders of the secret
seditious socteties which have their headquar-
tera in the foreign settlement. It is understood
that the Consuls gave \verbal consent to this
and the beheading of the leaders will probably
follow their arrest.

The steamship on whioh Li Hung Chang sailed
for Taku, on his way to Pekin, passed Chefoo
yesterday

 

RALLYING TO THE {| MPRESS.

Several Thousand Troops Reported Marching
to Tatung-fa to Joim Her.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

[onpon, Sept. 20.—It is reported in Chinese
despatches that Haillang, a Manchu, Treasurer
of Hunan, arrived at Tatung-fu, Province
of Bhansi, on Bept. @ with 8,000 Hunanese troops
and assured the Empress Dowager that more
were coming. The Empress expressed warm
gratitude for the loyalty of the Viceroys and
Governors

It is further reported that the Viceroy of
Srechuan has raised 10,000 soldiers at Chentu
and ts taking them to aasist the Emperor

 

PROTECTION OF FOREIGNERS.

 

Prince Ching’s Appeal to the Viceroys—Anti-
Foreigners Decapitated tn Kiangsl.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 19.-A despatch from Shanghai
says Prince Ching has issued a circular to the
Viceroys urging that stringent orders be given
mmediately for the protection of foreigners
and native converts and their churches through-
out China, with the object of facilitating the
peace negotiations

Viceroy Liu Kun Yi invited the commander
of the American gunboat Nashville to pay him
@ visit on his arrival at Nankin

Benin, Sept. 19—A Shanghal despatoh to
the Lekalanzeiger quotes the Minister of a
European Power as saying that should the
Emperorreturn to Pekin, as Id Hung Chang
promised Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstein,
the new German Minister, an opposition Court
would be established at Sinan-fu, and the Powers
would be left to deal with an impotent weakling
at Pekin

Panis, Sept. 19.—A Hong Kone despatch of
yesterday's date saya: “Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee arrived here to-day, The
German warships were decorated in his honor
He pald a visit to Gov. Blake before sailing
for the north,”

The mandarins of the Namou district, in the
province of Kiangsi, requested the Christians
to send them a statement of their losses and
the names of the rowdles who destroyed their
Property, This was done, and two of the
ringleaders were decapitated and their heads
exhibited in the town

Rowdyism is on the increase in the villages
along the Petho and many of the towns have been
bDlundered

A despatch from Canton says a bogus procla-
mation has been issued which says the allies
have been defeated, but at the same time ap-
peals to the Dowager Empress for peace

MURDERED ENVOY'S

 

HAD WATCH,

Chinese Soldier Says He Killed Von Ketteler
The Capture of Liang Hsiang.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN
From @ Staff Correspondent
PEKIN, Sept. 11. via Taku, Sept, 16, and Shang-
hai, Sept. 19.—The Chinese soldier who had the
watch of Baron von Ketteler, the German Min-
ster, and who was arrested, says that he killed
he Minister by order of his commanding officer,
whe he does not know The nian is in the
ly of the Germans.
reparations are being made for the with-
‘WAL OT part of the Russian force here
PERKIN, Sept 12, via Taku, Sept 16 and Shane-
%, Sept 19 --Two thousand German troops
How the American Traveller Dinca

5 Mpluously c . > .
vania Ralireaa aun dining cars of the Pennsyl

|

and Bengal Lancers attacked Lang Halang
on the morning of Sept. 11 The city was
entered after the gate had been Llown up

with dynamite. There were several thou-
sand Boxers in the place and 600 of
them were killed. The city was completely
destroyed. OneGermanwaskilled. The forces

that have returned to Pekin say that there
are many thousand Boxers and Imperial troops
at Chochow, and that they have excluded civil-
lana from the city

The Americans are planning an expedition
to go west of Pekin to rescue native Christians,

BERLIN, Sept. 19.—The Lokalaneeiger pub-
lishes a despatch from Shanghai saying that
the Chinese who opposed the Germans tn the
recent engagement at Liang Hsiang numbered
6,000, including someregulare. The Chinese lost
880 killed. The German losa was one killed
dan five wounded.

NEW BRITISH MINISTER TO CHINA,

Report That Sir Ernest M. Satow Has Been
Chosen to Sacceed Sir Claude Macdonald,
Speciai Cable Despateh to THE SUN

LonpoN, Sept. 20—The Shanghal corre-
spondent ofthe Times announces that Sir Ernest
M. Satow, British Minister to Japan, will re-
place Sir Claude Macdonald at Pekin, the latter
taking Sir Ernest's place at Toklo. Sir Ernest
has been on leave of absence for some time,
but is due to arrive in Japan next week. He
will go thence to Pekin. The correspondent

 

says that this exchange will cause some
disappointment among British subjects in
the far East, by whom the hope has

been generally expressed that the storm of
recent events and the stress of international
problems still unsolved would lead the Govern-
ment to recognize the advisability of appointing
to ‘ekin some diplomatist of preeminent
international standing corresponding to the
préminence of British interests in China
It is added that Admiral Seymour, who will
leave shortly for Taku, expects to meet Sir
Claude Macdonald at Tientsin

There is no direct news from either Pekin
or Tientsin. The Times correspondent at
Shanghai ascribes to a trustworthy native
source {n Nankin a report of incressing ac-
tivity and influence on the part of the anti-
foreign party in that city in opyosition to Vice-
troy Llu Kun Yi. The position, it is sald, ts
fraught with serious possibilities

According to other Shanghai reporta, the
Governor of Soochow is busily collecting funds
to remit to the Empress Dowager, but his dep-
uty who was sent in July with 100,000 taels has
returned, having been completely stripped
of money and baggage by Boxers on the bor-
ders of Shantung and Chill

NOTE APPROVED.

 

GERMANY'S

Nearly All the Papers of Berlin and Vienna
Support Von Baclowe'’s Proposals,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Beruin, Sept. 19.—Nearly all the papers
except the Socialist organs favorably discuss
Foreign Minister Von Buelow’'s note in refer-
ence to China. Even the Radical newspapers do
not oppose Germany's position, regarding
the note as worthy of consideration.

VIENNA, Sept. 19.--The newspapers here,
with one or two exceptions, applaud the note of
Baron von Buelow, the German Minister of
Foreign Affairs, in reference to China, though
some regard the conditions set forth as almost
impossible of fulfilment. The Wiener Alli-
gemeine Zeitung, which objecta to the note,
bases its objection on a doubt whether Russia
will acquiesce tn the conditions.

Lonpon, Sept. 20.—The newspapers here
continue to express complete approval of Baron
von Buelow’'s note, but there is no indication
of the attitude of the British Government.

 

 

BROKER FOOTE USED REAL NAMES,

 

Speculative Accounts Carried On for Men Who
Knew Nothing of Them.

A. A. Hatoh, son of Daniel B Hatch, was
quoted yesterday as saying that the secret
speculations of Mr. Hatch's partner, Charles B.
Foote, which ruined the firm of Hatch & Foote,
were conducted in a regular manner and not
through dummy accounta.

“The acoounts,” Mr. Hatch said, “were active
accounta Of course, we realized that losses
had oocurred, but we had no idea that they
were our losses ”

There was a report in Wall Street that Mr.
Foote's speculations were worked through

some customer of the house whose name is with-
held.

Regarding this matter,a lawyer with whomthe
elder Mr. Hatch consulted after he had discovered
his partner's apeculations said that the ac-
counts through which Foote carried them on
were in the names of living New Yorkers and
were perfectly regular accounts on their face,
but they were, in fact, dummy accounts, as
the men in whose names they stood were ab-
solutely ignorant of the transactions credited
to them.

Assignee E. Ellery Anderson said yesterday
that he thought by Saturday he would have
his statement of liabilities and asseta ready
Just what amount the firm will be able to pay
on the dollar is as yet unknown. Mr. Hate)
said yesterday that he now hoped that he would
be able toresume. At the same time he would
not attempt to do 8o {finorder to doit it would
be necessary to handicap himself at the start
by giving notes. He would want to have a
fii!) dischar@e from the creditors before attempt-
ing tostartanew. When Hatch & Foote failed
in 1884 it made a partial settlement with notes,
Ultimately creditors got about 80 cents on the
dollar on their claims

Mr. Foote, who has been unconscious tn apo-

Che

“NEW YORK, THURSD

mand SS

pleptic coma for several days, was barely naive |

when his house at Oceanic, N. J., was closed
last night, and was expected to die before
morning

MOB WRECKS A NEWSPAPER OFFICE,

Friends of the Mayor of San Jaan Take Re-
venge for Attacks on Him.
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN,

San JUAN DF Ponto Rico, Sept. 19.—A mob,
{ncensed at attacks on Mayor Egozcue in El
Diario, the Federal organ, went at&o'clock last
night to the bullding occupied by that newa-
paper and completely wrecked its offices. The
paper is edited by Munoz Rivera, a leader of
his party. Two hundred persons broke into
the building, pied the forms, smashed the
preases and totally demolished the furniture
as well as the doors.

There had been slight demonstrations by the
same people for several days, and on Saturday
Mayor Egozcue, who is a Republican, issued
a proclamation warning the rioters against
any acts of violence

 

Queen's Praise for Indian Troops.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LONDON, Sept. 19.—The Queen while inspect-
ing a detachment of Indiin troops who have
been serving on the West African frontier satd
to-day: “Iam pleased tosee you hore. I am
very proud of my Indion army I have
watched with the greatest interest the work
they have been doing rv mntv in Africa but
also in China’

Steamer Ashore; Some Passengers Drowned.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Sept. 19.—A despatch to Lloyds from
Athens reports that the steamship Charkieh,
owned by the Khedive Company, which was on
her way from to Pireus, is ashore
Some of her passengers have been drowned

Sinyrna

 

Anarchists Plotttog to Kill Abrazrt,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Rome, Sept. 19 --The police are loo.ing for
Anarchists who, itis allewed, have bee) plotting
the asenssination of the Duke of thy Abruzri
California Excarsions.,

Daily excurstonsin Tourist Cars. Personaily con
ductea every Thursday. Chicago, Union Pacife and
Norinwestern Line Two fast traios daily from
Chicago at 68°F M andattuso P.M. No change
of cars Tickets and tnfurmation at Chicago and
Northwestern OMcr, 46! Urvoadway —Ade,

HILL TO SOLICIT FUNDS!

CROKER MAKES HIM CHAIRMAN OF
THE COLLECTION AGENCY,

 

 

Namber Two on the Committee Is Croker
~Secrecy at the State Execative Committee
Meeting—No Branch National Headquar-
ters Here-New York Left to Croker.

The Aon, Richard Croker, Tammany’s chief-
tain, must now be considered one of the polit-
ical humorists of this generation, One can
almost hear his chuckle as he reads these lines,
For six months and more he has been deter-
mined upon the utter political humiliation of

ex-Senutor David B. fAill, Nothing short
of Mr Hill's political annihilation
was to settle the differences between
Mr. Croker and Mr. Gill. Early last spring
Mr. Croker started in to get control of the
Democratic State Committee, He did this
through his lieutenants, being bhimeelf in
Furope at the time At Kansas City Mr

Croker defeated Mr. Hill as New York's mem-
ber for the Committee on Resolutions. A
few weeks later at Saratoga Mr. Croker de-
feated Mr. Hill's candidate for temporary
chairman of the Democratic State Convention,
the Hon. James K. McGuire, Mayor of Syra-
cuse. When the convention met Mr. Croker
defeated Mr. Hill's candidate for Governor,
the Hon. Bird 8. Coler, and named his own
candidate, the Hon. John B. Stanchfleld of
Elmira. At Saratoga Mr. Croker would not
even allow Mr. Hill to see a draft of the plat-
form which was adopted by the convention,

Last night the Exeeutive Committee of the
Democratic State Comnittee, of which Mayor
McGuire is chairman, met at Democratic State
Headquarters in the St. James Building. Mayor
MeGulre presided, and those present were Mr.
Croker, Frank (@npbell, chairman of the
State Committee; Norman E. Mack, national
committeeman for the State; ex-Senator Fdward
Murphy, Jr., James Shevlin, John L. Shea
and Senator Patrick Henry McCarren of Brook-
lvn; Perry Belmont, Elliot Danforth, Cor-
poration Counsel John Whalen, Arthue A.
McLean of Westchester, Jacob Guriing of
Rochester, Sheriff William F. Grell of New
York and Sheriff Frank D. Cramer of Brooklyn,
Charles N. Bulger of Oswego, John J. Kennedy
of Buffalo and Thomas H. Dowd of Salamanca
Besides these were John B. Stanchfleld, Mr
Croker's candidate for Governor, and William
Fleming Mackey, Mr. Croker's candidate for
Lientenant-Governor

There waa no picture of Mr. Hill on the wall
of the Democratic State Committee. It had
been hung in Democratic State Headquarters
since the campaign of 1882, when Hill
nominated for Lieutenant-Governor and Grover
Cleveland for Governor. The first business
in order was areport from Chairman MeCinire,
which told of his conduct of the campaign up
to this time. On motion of Mr. Croker a res-
olution was adopted which patted Mr. MeGnire
on the back, and said what a fine campaigner he
was and a good fellow generally, and solemnly
declared that the Democracy of the State of
New York was at the back of Mr. MeGutre
and would support him to the bitter end.

The next business was the discussion of finan-
ces, that ia, how was the money to be raised
which was to elect Stanchfleld and Mackey,
and incidentally to push along the campaign
of Bryan in the State. There was a great dis-
cussion. Mr. Croker had a whispored chat with
Mr Murphy, and it was finally agreed that ex-
Senator Hill should have reoognition at the
hands of the Exeoutive Committee, Mr. Hil!
is a member of the committee, but he was in
Albany last night. After the whispered con-
versation between Mr. Croker and Mr Murphy,
Mr. Murphy offered a resolution providing for
the appointment of a committee to solicit cam-
paign funds. Mr. Murphy handed up the list
of those who are to solicit these funds for Bryan
and Stanchfield) The names on the list were:

David B. Hill, chairman, Richard Croker,
Edward Murphy, Jr, James Shevlin, William
F. Grell and Norman IE. Mack The resolu-
tion was unanimously adopted

Mr. Hill never solicited a dollar for cam-
paign funds in his life. He doesn't know how
Still, Mr. Croker and Mr. Murphy, it was said,
argued on the lines that Mr. Hill has made
some new moneyed friends lately and has peen
retained to make the argument oefore the
Court of Appeals against the constitutionality
ef the Franchise Tax law, which the Demo-

cratic State Convention at Saratoga declared was
@ just and wise measure and one which should
be_ maintained

It should be said that after the resolution
was adopted making Mr. Hill chalrman. of
the committee to solicit campaign funds Mr
Murphy introduced a resolution binding all
“resent te absolute secrecy a8 to what had
taken place In a mixed gathering like this,
though, there are bound to bea few leaks

After the bli) resolution had been jammed
through unanimously the gentlemen present
made up an itinerary for John B Stanchfield,
Mr. Croker’s eo ndidate for Governor Mr

wnelifield and Mr. Coler had had a talk early
in the day. The Winerary is as follows: Ruf-
fulo, Sept, 20, Stanchfleld, Bird 8 Coler, ex-
Govern rdames F.. Campbellof Ohlo,and William
Fleming Mackey; Lockport, Oct 1, Stanch-
field and Coler; Rochester, Oct. 2: Syracuse,
Oct. 8 Auburn, Oct 4, Utica, Oct $ and Sche-
nectady, Oct. 6, Stanchfield and Coler just the
same

Ex-Goy, William J, Stone of Missouri and
Congressman Joe Bailey of Texas will be in-
vited to go along on thia stumping tour. An

was

 

itinerary was made up for Mr. Mackey, and it |

{s hoped that John DeWitt Warner or Joe Bailey

will accompany him, «s follows: Buffalo,
Sept. 29; Hornellsville, Oct, 1; Corning, Oct. 2;
Eimira,Oct, 3; Cortland, Oct. 4 and Ithaca,
Oct, 5, |

Chairman James K
Democratic Committee ceparred for Chicago
last night high! disgusted with the situation
in New York Stite. He has been here off and
on for four weeks, associated with ex- jov
Stone, Congressman James TD Kichardson of
‘Vennessee, Daniel 2) Campau of Michigan,
and James M_ tuffe. of Pennsylvania, in dis-
cussing with Mr Croker and Mr Murphy the
sosaibllities of opening an Fastern end of the
tank ratic National Campalen Committee
It was announced last nigh! that there Is to be
no Eastern end of the Democratic National
Committee It was further announced that
alittle room has been set apart in the St. James
Bui ding for any National Democratic cam-
palgners who inay tumble into town, but that
the campaign in the State for Brvan is to he
directed from Democratic State Headquarters
by Mr Croker after d.acuasion with Chairman
MeGuire of the Executive Comuinittee of the
Democratic State Committee

Mr Stanchfleld said that he was to conduct

 

Jones of the National |

AY, SEPTEMBER 20,

| ince of the Philippines

WEST,

Gcon NEWS FROM THE

 

Alanna Hears Favorable Reports From
Nebraska, Colorado and Minnesota,

Cuicaco, Sept. 19.—-Chairman Hanna to-day
received encouraging reports from three West-
ern States that are clainied by the Democrats,
and he is almost persuaded that the West is
@oing to redeem ita old record as the strong-
hold of Republicanism, Charles H. Dietrich,
the Republican candidate for Governor of Ne-
braska, was at the national headquarters to
see Chairman Hanna and brought encouraging
reports from Mr. Bryan's State

“Bryan is going to lose thousands of votes
among the farmers, who see in his policy @
mere matter of nothing,” said Mr, Dietrich.
“The farmers constitwte a big part of the vote
population and in the middle and western
parts of the State the majority of them were
former Populists and Democrata, But in the
face of such abundant prosperity theae same
men, who in former years would go miles and
miles to hear one word from Bryan, are now
atrayed against him.

“Bryan has had his day in Nebraska. The
bad-luck stories he told in his 1896 campaign

when he said the country would go to ruin in
case of Mckinley's tion, are convincing
to many of the people of my State that he is
not sincere

“The defeat of

ele

Bryan in Nebraska is prob-

able— almost certain’ Lam uot uneasy apout
my own candidacy and am eontident of elec-
tion’

Frank (. Gaudy, the Republican candidate
for Governor of Colorado, expects to see his

State go Republican. He was in Chicago fora
few hours to-day and said thet te felt much en-
couraged by the PresidentiM situation at home

“In 1806 the Fusionists carried the State by

 

 

194,000," said Mr. Gaudy In 1808 we cut this
majority down to 45,000 when Heury Wolcott
ran for Governor This vear [ look to see

the majority in our favor, though the battle
will be a hard one, The change: from Bryan
to MeKinley are as rapid this year
as they were from McKinley = to
Bryan in 1896 I have visited many
of the imines and war surprised to see
so many of the miners wearing McKinley but-
tons A number of them have been able to
build homes of their own during the good
times of the MeKinley Administration, and
they tell me they don't want a change of Ad-
ministration, as they are satisfied with what
McKinley prosperity has done for them.’
Congressinan dames A. Tawney of Minnesota
says that State will give McKinley 40,000 plu-
rality The Germans have no use for Bryan,”
said Mr Tawney “The ery of militarism
has no considerable effect on the German voter,
though the Demecrats are working this issue

for all it ia worth The Germans prefer to
meet the jssue of imperialism rather than
face the 16 tol proposition They are all
sound money men and cannot conscientiously
vote for a party pledged to the free
and unlimited coinage of silver. This issue
they consider more important to their in-

tere-ta than any other before them and when
it comes to a question of voting the Germans
and the balance of the foreign vote of Min-
nesota will cast their ballots for William McKin-
ley and sound money.”

KNOWS THE PILiPInos.

Former Consal-General Willlams Speaks to
Repaoblicans on the Islands and Againaldo,

SPRINGFIELD, Mass , Sept. 19--Oscar F Wil-
liams, Consul-General in the Philippine Islands
before the Spanish war made a speech at the
Republican rally to-night on the islands and in-
habitants in their relation to the progress of the
country He gave a graphic idea of their extent
by comparing them with other territory. He
said their area was two-thirds of Germany or
France. In the schools of Manila Spain had
made maps of the world to represent that she
occupied half of Europe. Aguinaldo had in-
oulred if the United States was a8 large as
Spain

The Philippines, Be said, sent out annually
250,000 tons of sugar, 65,000 tons of which came to
this country, 112,000 tons of hemp and 400,000,000
cigars, Thetemperature is even and temperate
and such is the fertillty of the soil that the
islands ean produce from one acre what three or
four acres are required to produce in the New
Fogland States,

Mr. Williams was on the bridge of the Olym-

sia with Dewey during the battle of Manila
jay and knows that there was no understand-
ing or promise with Aguinaldo in relation to
his authority Admiral Dewey expressed to
him a wish to cut the cable and Mr. Williams
showed him where it was. He now possesses
a piece of the cable. Mr. Williams said that
Aguinaldo has never controlled a single prov
Mr. Williams said he
knew of his own knowledge that none of the
other great tribes had ever given allegiance to
Aguinaldo and many of the leaders of the great
tribes sought pretection from him. He knew
that it would require ten tlmes as many lives
and much time and money to establish a pro-
tectorate in the islands as to establish our
sovereignty

CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATS

State Convention to Meet To-doy—Likelihood
That M4. B. Carey Will Lead the Ticket.

HARTFORD. Conn. Sept. 19 -—-The Democratic
State Convention to nominate candidates for
State offices an | Presidential E!eotcrs will meet
at the Coliseum in this city t'-morrow evening
After temporary organ zation the cofivention
will adjourn till Friday, when nominatons will
be made and the p'atform adopted. Homer 8.

4900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PR

Cummings, member of the Democratic National |

the conventin

Committee, will present to
for the nomination for Governor the name
of Melbert Bo Carey. of Ridgefled, who

resigned as chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee several months ago,
but whose resignation was not sccvepted, Mr
Cummings is the law partner of Samuel Feasen-
den, and bis rise in the counct eof the Demo-
cratic party of the State ha- been rapid. He
was with the Connecticut delegation to the Kan-
sas City convention, where, as a meinber of tha
Comimmittea on Resolutions he favored leaving !6
to Loutofthe platform. It is taken for granted
that his champion hip of Mr.Carey for Governor
willgive the Ridgefleld mana prominent posi-
tlon before the convention

New Haven's deiewation of twenty-five will
come to the convention pledwed to the support
of Judge Bronson for Governor. Thisis Judie
Broneon’s first appearance in t © political
fled for several years. The apathy among
other available candidates probably led to the
announcement of his candidacy.

 

GERMANS NOT FOR BRYAN,

 

 

Former Lieut.-Gov. Koerner of Tilinots For-
sakes Bryan Germans Not Misied.

CHICAGO, Sept, 19.--Former Lieut.-Gov, G

| A. Koerner of Belleville, a leading Democrat |

his campaign in the State on the iasues of the |

trusts and his hostility to the Ramapo Water
Corapany. He will also come out flatfooted
and aguare insupport of the Franchise Tax law
Hoe said last night that any utterances he had
made in a court of law as to organized labor or
trades unions had been wilfully and maliciously
distorted by his por al adversaries, and that
he was heart and soul for organized labor and
trades nnions

GIVES BAD DEBTS TO GALVESTON,

Fx-Mayor Secor of Racine Sends #10,000 of
Worthiess Acconnts to Texas Sofferers,

Racine, Wis, Sept. 189— The committee ap-
pointed by the Mayor to secure money to ald
the Calveston received nearly
#1,500, and the amount will be increased to $2,000
to-morrow and sent to Mayor Jones. M. M
Seoor, former Mayor of Racine and one of the
argest trunk manufacturers in the Northwest
refused to give money, saying he would send
Mayor Jones a package wort! more money
than that received bs the committee This
afternoon Mr Secor sent pore than $10,000 of
accounts long past due, owed by Texas mer-
ehants, Which, if paid, conld be placed in the
weneral fund) Secors action has been cou.
demmed by other business Leading
business men who have given money have tried
to induce Secor to have the package returned
before being opened at Galveston There is

sufferers has

   

nen

‘ also a letter in the package written by Secor

wiving instructions to Mayor Jones as to what
should be done with the accounts

Three Ways to Go Wes’.

By the Hudson River Day Boat, the Hudson River
Night Boat or the New York Central Tievets tnter-
changeable, attractions uiequalied Consult New
York Central Tieket Agent. Ade

   

| Middle-of-the-Road

of this State, will take the stump for McKinley
and Yates. Mr. Koerner was at Republican

State Headquarters this afternoon and ten-
dered his services to the committee. Speak-
ing of the conditions in the State, Mr. Koerner
said

“Germans will not be misled this year by
any fanaticism, either by Btyan or Alschuler
Our Germans and Hebrews are not for Al-
echuler because he is a Jew Those that are
for him are Democrats, and he will not make
a single convert from Republicanism ”

WHARTON BARKER IN ATLANTA,
A Trip That Has Taught Him, He Says, That
the Popaolist Party Is Not Dead Yet.

ATLANTA, Ga, Sept. 19. Wharton Barker
Populist candkdate for
President, is in Atlanta’to-day, He will make
this point the last link In an extensive tour,
undertaken for the purpose of ascertaining
the strength of his party and to see if the lines
are all drawn up ready for the big taht in No-
vember, He declares that his trip has taught
him that the Populist party ts not dead by any
means, but is daily assuming large proportions,
and that if the newspapers of the country gave
{t as much attention as they do the ot
two ofwanizations he would poll 6,000,000 votes,
Mr. Barker said tha, the day was not far dis-
tant when the people would realize that their
ouly hope lay in the party with whieh he ia
Associated

    

Old Joho Bradley 101 Years Old.

New Haven, Conn, Sept. 19—When “Old
John" Bradley, @ well-known local character,
awoke in his lodgings at the Salvation Army
Home this morning he was entering upon the
1024 year ofhisiie He was iol years old, bur
does not |ok to beover 75. Ile was born in
Kerry, Ireand, in 1700 and came to America in
1817, being one of the fir.t Irishmen to settle in

| this citv

Polant Water Leads All,
Prescpibed by 5,000 physiclana Age

; comatoge state

| amination revealed the fact t

‘AYS DEWEY DIDN'T DO IT,

HOBSON DECLARES SPANIARDS SUNK
THEIR OWN SHIPS IN MANILA BAY,

S!

 

 

He Has Been Superintending Repairs on the
Ralsed Ships at Hong Kong and Says Our
Shell Fire Did Very Little Damage Plags
Palled Out and Valves Opened, He Says.

Vancovver, B.C, Sept 19 - Lieut. flobson of
Merrimac fame, who has been superintending
the repairs on the Spanish ships sunk in Manila
harbor, arrived here yesterday and was inter-
viewed last evening. Asked in what condition
he had found the hulls of the Isla de Cuba, the
Isla de Luzon and the rest of the fleet, he sald:

“The damage to the hulla was matnly the
resultof the six months’ submersion, The upper
works had been badly damaged by fire, the
woodwork having been destroyed and the iron
plates badly twisted by the heat "

“And what in your opinion,” he was asked,
“was the direct cause of the foundering of the
vessels?”

“Oh, the Spaniards pulled out the plugs and
opened the valves. They sank the ships them-
selves; our shell fire did very little damage ”

“Then they were uninjured below the water-
line?”

“Very little; we had practically done them
no damage there at all

Lieut. Hobson regards
of a large naval dockyard
as imperatively necessary

“Our new responsibilities,” he said, “make
it imperative, We must have facilities in the
East for docking our own ships and repairing
them. We had to use the Japanese dockyard
for the Oregon. That is all right in its way,
but we must have one of our own in that part
of the world, One nation cannot depend on
another for that kind of thing forever, The
new base will be established in the
Philippine Islands) Cavité being close to
Manila, naturally suggests itself, but the har-
bor has been found to be too shallow and also
inconvenient in other ways It haa, therefore,
practically been decided to contruect the dock-
yard at Subie Bay, a sheltered harbor about
eighty miles from Manila, which has sufficient
depth of water for all purposes and is really an
ideal place for a naval base’

the establishment
in the Philippines

NEVADA BANK ROBBED AT NOON

Three Desperadoes Hold Up the Casbler and
Get Away With 815,000,
WINNEMUCO@A, Nev., Sept. 19.-The First
National Bank was robbed at noon to-day by
three men who entePed the front door with
drawn revolvers and made the five men present
throw up their hands. They made Cashier Nixon
open the safe and take from it three sacks of
gold coin. They threw this Into an ore sack
with all the gold in the office drawer the whole
amounting to $15,000 The robbers then
marched the five men out through the back
door to the alley, where they had threa horses
waiting. The desperadoes mounted and es-
caped. The whole affair occupied not over five
minutes. ‘Two parties are in pursuit

 

LIBUT, BEECHER'S REMAINS FOUND,

 

Recovered Thirty-two Years After His Death
in Battle With the Indians,

Denver, Col, Sept. 1@-For thirty-two
years the bones of Lieut. Fred H. Beecher of
Forsyth’s Scouta were buried in the sands of
the Arickare. All that time has left hoa now
been recovered and will be sent to Brooklyn
relatives, for whom the search was made Pre-
vious efforta to locate the last resting place of
the officers who fell in that desperate encounter
with the Cheyenne Indians under Roman Nose
were fruitless. A few years after the Lieu-
tenant's death an unsuccessful search was
made under the direction of his uncle, Henry
Ward Beecher

The story of the bravery of Gen. Forsyth's
litde band of scouts has been told many times
and the naming of the sandy isle at the mouth
of the Arickare after Lieut. Beecher will al-
ways recall this fleht, famous in Colorado his-

tory, and almost parallel to tha { the Little
Big Horn. Ger Forsyth, Lieut Beecher
and forty-seven men were surrounded in 1887
by nearly one thousand Indians, They de-
fended themselves aa best they could at a place
that has since been named Beecher Island,
Two men, Charles Christy and Fletcher \ilotte,

got through the Indian lines and fluadly brought
relief. Lieut, Beecher was fatally wounded
and died halt an hour after being shot

Christy and Vilotte formed part of the bury-
ing squad, They were present at the dedi-
cation of a motument on Beecher Island on
Monday and found the grave in which Beecher
was buried

(.ieut. Frederick Henry Beecher wea a son of
the Rev. Charles Beecher and a_neplhow of the
Rev Henry Ward Beecher. Lieut. Beecher
was born at New Orleans, June 22, 1841 He
was mraduated at Bowdoin itn 1862 and iin-
mediately enlisted asa private in the Volunteer
army fe was in ali the battles of the Army
of ‘the Potomac from Fredericksburg to
Gettysburg, was twice severely wounded
and was promoted to the rank of First Lieus
tenant. n 1884 he received a commiasion
in the Regular army and in July, 1866, became
Firat [Lieutenant in the Third United States
Infantry.

Gen. Horatio C. King of Brooklyn said last
night that he thought that Lieut. Beecher's
body was removed by the soldiers at the time
of his death.

 

BELLE ARCHER, THE ACTRESS, DEAD.

 

Passes Away ot Warren, Pa., Where She Was
Stricken Suddeniy—WHer Career,

WaRrnen, Pa , Sept. 19 Belle Archer, the act-
ress, died at the Emergency Hospital in this city
at 10:30 o'clock to-night) Miss Archer and her
company played on Saturday night in Ni-
agera Falls, coming, to Warren on Sunday
evening On the way Miss Archer showed
symptons of illness. Not until late on Mon-
day afternoon was !t thought that her condition
was such as would prevent her from
appearing at the Library Theatre in th»
evening, but at 6 o'clock it was apparent her
physical powers were too weak to permit her
to act. The attention of a physician afforded
ofily temporary relief, and at 5 o'clock on Tues-
day morning the young woman lapsed into a
Later in the day she was re-
mfvedto the Emergency ry ey , Where an ex.

vat she was suffer-
ing from a blood clot on the brain, which ulti-
mately caused her death ;

Belle Mingle archer was born in Faston, Pa.,
about 35 years ago, her father, J. L. Mingle,
being a well-known man of that city and at
one time Postmaater there. Her early life was
yussed in that place. The family mored to
Arena, N. J,, and from there Miss Archer
made her début in Pinafore, being married
shortly after. Her talent soon won recognition
for her. She played leading réles for EF. fi
Sothern for about two years the plays being “The
Three Musketeers," “Ruy Alas,” and “Don
Ceasar’ She also played leading parts with the
Alexander Salvini, Jr, for two or three year
late When Augustine Daly decided to wen
nison's “Foresters” on the road, Misa Ada
Rehan demurred to going with the company
und Miss Archer was choren f
in part She also
"Mueh Ado About Nothing,” and other Shakes

starring in “A Contenitea Woman, Miss Arches
uniertook the task and for three years went
through the country playing that comedy and
scoring an unqualified success At the close
of her last season in Lievt’s “A Contented Wo-
man,” Miss Areher spent several weeks with her
«ister, Mrs Charles Bell, at Racgeley Lakes in
Maine, recuperating, returning to New York
in time for the rehearsals of the now play,

Tie company opened at Fishkill-on-the-
Hudson on Sept. 5, with a dress

 

rehearea),

followed With an engagement at Rome, N
Y.. and on Sept. 7 the fault onening was
made at the Welting Opera Houve in Syracuee
Since then the company has been meeting
with success. The tour was continued tiis
morning with an understudy in the part of |
Miss Archer

Convenieat by Car or Cab.
The West 23d Street Station of the Pennsylvania
Ralls md. Through fast express trains w the West
—Ade

Sun.

 

Ten- |
; as alleged,
| spoken to, hy siniled and suggested that

or the _lead- |
ered in “Darts |

 
 
 

 

BATTLE WITH 1,000 FILIPINOS.

 

Americans Lose Twelve Killed—Rebels Are
Showing Increased Activity.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

MANILA, Sept. 19.- An engagement has taken
place near Siniloan, province of Laguna de
Bay, between 1,000 rebels armed with rifles,
and detachments of the Fifteenth and Thirty-
seventh regiments

The Americans fought gallantly, though
they were waist deep in water. They lost 12
killed, including Capt. Mitchell and Lieut

Cooper, 26 wounded and 5 missing

For several days the rebels have been showing
increased activity In the vicinity of Manila
They are attacking and harassing the outposts
and garrisons, especially on the lake shore and
along the railroad. The Americans have sus
tained some casualties from these attacks and
a number of the troops are missing

The Philippine Commission has adopted the
civil service bill

FIRED AT DEER, SHOT MAN AND WOMAN

Dr. Dade's Bullet Hit Mr. Batley and Mrs.
Selina Kerr Who Loses a Leg.

Newseunon, Sopt. 19—The widow of the
late Chauncey F. Kerr of New York and daugh-
ter of Mrs. E. Frank Coe of New Windsor, just
over the line from this city, has met with a
severe accident which may cost her her life
Mrs. Kerr, who has been tn the Adirondacks
some weeks with a party of friends, was out ina
canoe with Mr. Charles Bailey of Philadelphia,
thecraft being paddled byaguide Suddenly
ashot whizzed toward the canoe from shore,
passed under the arm of the guide, through
the body of Mr. Balley and struck Mrs. Kerr in
the leg above the knee. Mr. Bailey is reported
to be not dangerously hurt, but Mrs Kerr has
had to have her limb amputated. Mrs. Coe
and Mrs. Earl of Washington, D. C., a@ sister
of Mrs. Kerr, started at 4 o'clock this morning
for the Adirondacks to see and care for the
Injured lady. The accident ocourred last
Thursday, but the stories differ as to where
the shot came from. One report is that there
was a doctor in the party who fired at a deer
and hit the oceupante of the boat

Acoording to a despatc> from North Creek in
the Adiro:dacks Dr. Dad» of this gl'y was in
the party and fired ata deer. The bullet went
through the fleshy partof Mr. Bailey's leg and
lodged in Mrs. Kerr's hip.

 

GOV. MOUNT'S NARROW ESCAPE,

He and the Republican Candidate for Gover-
nor of Indiana, Thrown From a Cab.

INDIANAPOLIS, Ind, Sept. 19.—Gov Mount
and W. T. Durbin, Republican candidate for
Governor, had a narrow escape from death
in front of the Denison Hotel early this morn-
ing They came out of the hotel hurriedly,
and jumping into a cab ordered the driver
to make all possible haste to the Union station
as they wished to catch the train to Peru, where
the Governor was billed to speak. The driver
turned his horses rapidly on the street car
tracks, and just as he did 6o the gong of a Col-
lege avenue car sounded an alarm and the car
was upon the cab before the driver could turn
from the track. One of the horses was knocked
down, the driver was thrown from his seat
and the cab was partly overturned. Gov
Mount and Col. Durbin were thrown from the
cab and both fell to the street, but quickly
regained their feet. Gov. Mount received 4
few bruises on his arm and Mr. Durbin a slight
scratch On the face

 

SCHOONER JOHN SHAY WRECKED.

Driven Ashore by a Strong Northeast Wind
Near Cape Henlopen.

Lewks, Del., Sept. 19--The schooner John
Shay. Capt. Speague, which sailed out of New
York harbor on Sunday, bound for Philadelphia
in ballast, now lies stranded and a complete
wreck on the beach near the point of Cape
Henlopen. The Shay was sailing closely along
the beach, making for the harbor at the break-
water, and was caught in a strong northeast
wind, which quickly arose to a gale and drove
her ashore. The life-savers landed the crew
together wth Mrs. Norton, wife of the first
mate. The vessel is an old one, being built
at May's Landing in 1864, and the sea soon began
to destroy her. She wasthe property of Mitchell
& Megee shipbrokers of Philadelphia

NO CADDIES DURING SCHOOL HOURS,

 

Crusade Against Hiring Boys Under 141n
Connecticat—Test Case in Court,

GREENWICH, Conn, Sept. 19-—-State Truant
Agent Giles Potter has begun a crusade in
Connecticut against the employment of boys
under 14 a8 caddies on the various golf links
The statutes prohibit such employment dur-
ing school hours. The first arrest in this eru-
sade was made in Greenwich this morning
when William Platt, superintendent of the
Fairfield County Golf Club and a former su-
perintendent at Lakewood, appeared in the
Greenwich Borongh Court to answer to Mr
Potter’s complaint that boys under 14 were
acting as caddies under his charge Prose-
euting Attorney James F. Walsh said that
this waa the Initiatory movement in a crusade
against what had grown to be a gigantic evil

throughout the Phate from an_ educational
point of view,and that Mr Potter's action was
not taken to punish Mr. Platt but to stop the
employment of small vere As Mr Platt
and President George Hubbel of the Fairfleld
club had given warning to the boys under
14 that they could not work there on the five
school days of the week Mr. Walsh had a
“nolle” entered and Mr Platt was let go
Before court closed Principal Newton Hobart
of the Havemeyer schoo! asked that the boys
he prohibited from acting as caddies on Sun-

 

| rnent I
| clreulation of

days, but the Prosecuting Attorney intimated |

that the plavers were the ones at fault and that
the educational laws did not affect them

BALTIMORE OFFICER HARSH?

It Is Said That Some of the Crew Complained
of Lieutenant: Commander Cutler,

Tt is said that some of the crew of the cruiser
Baltimore, now Iving at the navy yard in
Brooklyn, are opposed to the methods pursued
by Lieutenant-Comma) der William G. Cutler,
the executive officer of the vessel, A few of
the crew, it is allewed, sent a communieation
to Washington last week while the cruiser
was at the Tompkinsville anchorage, com-
pluining of the manner in which they were
treated by Lieutenant-Commander Cutler.
They charged him, it is said, with being harsh
in his treatment, using abusive language, dis-
playing ill temper and refusing to give them
shore leave after their tong cruise, It was

said that the communication had been returned
with the disapproval of the Secretary of the
Navy

At the yard yesterduy it was impossible to
find any nieniber of the orew who would vouch
for the report or who would say that the charges,
were true, One of the officers, when

sullors as a rule did not like any officer who
eurried out the rules necessary on shipboard,

3 | He declined to discuss the question of the com-
peartan plays. When Mrs, Hoyt made a failure in | ; , by the eres

munication or the charges made by the crew
Lieutenant-Commander Cutler was not on
board
§ ies eigenen enna
Censas Direct r Merriam Estimates the Coun-
trys Population at 76,000,000,
NASHINGION, Sept. 19.—Direetor of the
Cenwis Merriam has given an estimate of the
population of the United States at 76,000,000
He this ostimate on the fact that the
enumeration distriets show an average from
1,422 to 1,400, and there are $2,700 districts
Of the 6.000 manufacturing schedules
some 085,000 have already been received, and
ill but a few of the $,°00,000 farms schedules are
in Seven hundred employees are engaged on
the fart census work

ban«

Carl HS halre's Carbonated Weters Are

the only pure and correct artificial mineral watera—
Ade

GENRE | eee

Fair and warmer to-day; showers
to-morrow; southeast winds.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
COAL STRIKE IS LAGGING;

SPIRITED SCENE AT THE CRUCIAL
POINT OF THE STRUGGLE,

 

 

 

Head Labor Agitator Mitchell Begs the 2,600
Men of Markle Bros, at the Yeddo Mines
to Go Out and Break the Arbitration
Agreement Under Which They Have Worked
Peaceably for Fifteen Years—Mr. Markle
Appeals to Them to Ke Men, Go to Work
and Keep Their Written Pledges-He Is
Willing to Take Archbishop Ryan as
Arbitrator — Violence the Increase
~Strikers Gain Some Uecraits tn the
Tower Region—The General Situation.

HAZLeTON, Pa., Sept. 19.—The estruge@le of
the Western labor agitators to put their or-
gantzation of United Mine Workers in control
of the anthracite coal region has now begun
to drift into the riotous stage. Mobs of miners,
inspired from the strike headquarters here
in Hazleton, to-day drove men away from
their work in Coleraine, and another large
mob under the leadership of one Miles
Gallagher and said to number 600 men was
organized to drive off the men from
the Willlamsport mines. The Sheriff of Dau-
phin county,in which these mines are situated,
was notified of the impending attack upon
the miners and called upon to organize an
armed force to head the rioters off and turn
them bick. Instances of violent threats and
even personal assaulta upon men who want
to go about their business and support them-
selves are also cropping up tn all directions;
in a word, the implied inatigation to bloodshed
which was attributed to labor agitators Dilcher
at Scranton yesterday is beginning to bear
fruit

With the exception of the men thus driven off
in large bodies and the individuals intimidated
by threata of personal violence and by actual
assault, the situation remains practically as it
did on Tuesday night. The strikers by per-
suasion, threats and violence have increased
the number of those who have quit work by
perhaps 8,000 or 4,000 over the number who
went out on Monday morning. The 2,600 men,
however, on whom the strike leader Mitchell
himself says the success of the strike to a great
extent depends, still remain steadfast. These
are the employees of the Markle Brothers,
So vital to his cause does Mr, Mitchell, the
strike leader, consider the question of winning
these men to his cause that to-day he and his
assistant, Benjamin James, tried to stampede
a meeting in Jeddo this afternoon which was
called by a committee of Markle employees
for the sole purpose of hearing from Mr. John
Markle's own lips whether the stories that
labor agitators have been circulating among
the firm were true or false. John Markle and
Alvin Markle both were there as well as Father
Phillips of Hazleton, who, with so much earnest-
has urged the miners to submit their
grievances to arbitration.

MITCHELL'S ADDRESS TO THE MINERS.

At ¢o'olock, the hour fixed for the meeting,
the Mark'es and Father Phil ips found Mitche ]
haranguing the thousand or more miners who
had responded to the call. He was addressing
them from the steps of the Jayan schoolhouse,
He was urging them to breaktheir agreement
with their employers and to refuse to supmit
their grievances to arbitration At the end
of bis speech he said that he was sorry he
could not talk tothem longer. Then he dis-
missed the meeting as though it were his own

But the meeting did not dismiss. It had

been called by @ committee of miners to hear
Mr. Markle and not to hear Mr. Mitchell, and
John Markle took the place on the schoolhouse
steps which Mitchell had vacated. As already
has been explained in THe SUN the Markle
Brothers have a distinct wrftten agreement
with their employees. It dates Mack to 1885
and it was signed by every man in the com-’
Rear’ employ. Those who could not write
heir names made their marks fn the presence
of witnesses. It provides explicitly for arbi-
tration of all differences, In case the minera
have what they belleve to be grievances they
are to draw them up and submit them to their
employers. The latter have ten days in which
to reply. In casethey cannot grant the re.
quests the matter goes before three arbitrators,
one sélected by the employers, another by the
miners anda third who {4 satisfactory to Both

Until the advent of these agitators from the
Weat the firm and ite men have got along in
entire amity for fifteen years, At a confer-
ence at the house of Mr. Alvin Marie in thia
city on Sunday last, at which Father Phillips
and others were present, Mr. Markle expressed
his entire willingness to have Archbishop Ryan,
who had offered his services, or any other
person who was above all question of bias, act
as third arbitrator on the grievances which
the miners, under the influence of the awgita-
tors, submitted recently in due form under
the agreement,

his created a situation that was painful to
Mr. Mitchell. If the Markle miners went ahead
keeping their solemn written pledge and settled
their differences with their employers without
the intervention or even the recognition of the
Board of Foreign Missions from the Weat, which
has come into this anthracite country for the
yurpose of taking charge of the entire mining
baa ness here, it would be a 12-inch shell below
the water line to the entire scheme

At all hazards the Markle men must be ca-
joled or coerced into breaking their agree-
The first plan of the campaign wae the
lies among them They were
told that the attitude of the Markies was entire-
ly different from what the newspapers said it
was. They were told that it was the Markles
who were breaking the agreement and then
on top of this were added all eorts of appeals
not to abandon their fellow miners in the erect
struggle

WILLING TO ACCEPT ARCHBISHOP RYAN

ness,

 

These misrepresentations were not
effect. The Markle men began to doubt, some
of them, whether their employers were atiil
loyal to their pledge whether the statements
ald to have been made by Mr. Markle at the
Sunday conference actually were made The
doubt among them began to take such positive
shape that they resoleed through a committee
to ask Mr Markle to meet therm and tall them
face to face whether he did or did not say at
the Sunday conference that he was willing to
submit the differences to arbitration with Arch-
bishop Ryan, as third arbitrator, and abide by
the result, whatever it was Fortunately Father
Phillips was present at the Sunday conference
and that was the reason that he was present at
the Japan schoolhouse meeting to-day to con-
firm what Mr. Markle said to them

Mr Markle presented the matter clearly and
forcibly to the men The question simply was
he said, whether they were to be honest and
abide by their agreement, or whether they were
going to be dishonest and repudiate it. One
clause of the agreement is that pending arbi-
tration there shall be no cessation of work, and
another is that no outside labor organization
shall be permitted to interfere or take any
part in the settlement of differences. Itiathere
where the shoe pinches with Mr. Mitchel).
It is because of that provision that he is so
anxious to force the Jeddo miners into an im-
mediate strike, a etvike which would seatter
their pledge to the winds and force them to fall
back on the United Mine Workers. lt is hardly
amisa to say thot his own existence and the ex-
ietence of his fellow agitators depend to a very
great extent on this Markle issue, for upon that
issue depends whether the great strike le to
result in the United Mine Workers getting
undisputed grip on the anthracits region.

At first Mr. Markle was interrupted several
times in his speech by a man locally known
as “Jim, the Rooster.” He took the inter-
ruptions good-naturedly, until they became too
annoying, when he protested agninet them,
The rooster, however, persisted until Sheriff
flarvey removed him. The crowd was plainly
awninst Mr. Markle in consequence’ of
Micehell's arguments, until his plain common.
sense talk won them over

MARKLE'# TEALING APPEAL TO HIS MEN,
Mr Markle concluded by saying:

without

 

 

 

 

If you have any doubt that I will live up
to my agreement, try me t will not take
many days Go to work to-morrow and

tlently await the efforta making for a auiie.
ment of your grievances by arbitration

This Saturday G RB Markle & Co will
make the largest pay they have made in their
career, although not so large a tonnage as
usint has been shipned, showing that there
has been a substantial increase in wages You
have a contract to arbitrate all “ditfioulties
with ua Stick to your contract and arbi-
trate with ua according to its provisions, Mr

Poland! Poland! Pelasd! Polandt
‘The purest natural spring water in tee world — A de.

 

 

“(Bt