ee —
vhell } said that you should only arbi-
og Bee Be to the inethods of the United

Mine Workers”

Mr. Mitchel! interrupted at this point to say
that he had not said that

But,” said Mr Markle, “you will not allow

these men to arbitrate with tk”

“Not acourding to your proposals,” replied
Mitobell

Ah’ There you have it,” retorted Mr Markle
“No arbitration for Mitchell - haye been
your employer for twenty years, and, thank
God, Lexpect to be for many years longer after
thease fellows have gone away, caring bot what
becomes of you | know if these agitators
went away vor would all beat work to-morrow
T appeal to you as men, | appeal to you as men

nong whom | lave been ever since | was a

0) Test me and see whether [ mean at

Hitration Condemn if | fail not. before |

know that Agreul inany of you have been forced

to become tmenbers of the Mine Workers’
Union

Now, | have a proposition to make to you

I want you to deliberate, to think over this

matter before you decide. 1t is a serious thing
ifthe men who joincd the Mine Workers’ | plon
will goto work again I'll treat theron alike and
them and

 

will know no difference betwe
others who did not. Lain perfeetly willing
to accept Archbishop Ryan as a third arbi-
trator or if vou Want aueth wn, UL accept
hito

Father Phillips followed Mr Markle in a
speech at the Jeddo tne uw to-day He tiade

w powerful plea to the meo to mamtain their
honesty and stand by their agreement tie
pointed out that theie failure would strike auc h
a blow at the arbitration principle in the settle-
ment of labor grievances as had never been
struck before, Who hereafter would have faith
in an agreement made by bodies of laborers
if so plain and tair au agreement aa the one
entered Into by the Marite men were deliber
violated’ It is safe to say right in this
connection that so far as t e anthracite region
is Concerned the failure of the Markle agree-
ment will put back arbitration by twenty yveare

atel

   

 

   

     

      
   

  

The temper of the operators is such as to make
them adamant so far as ylelding an ineh in
the present issue
MAKKIEK CRUSHES MITCHELL

Ae for the Mark'es, the heavens will fall
hefore they will recognize Mr Mitehell’s or-
eanizatio Nobody kihows this better Chan
Mr. Mitehe and at the close of Mr. Markle’s
speech Mitchell publicl <ked him if he
would arbitrate with the committee

What!” erted Mr. Markle, “and violate my
agreamen! with tis ‘ Never Our are
ment «pecifical provides that we will not he
governed by a labor ormanization in setthog
our diffieulties HK) that agreement | stand to
the lett

lo-night Mitebell ia boasting that he «tam.
peded the meeting and that the Markle men
will go out On the other band Mr Markle
knows that bis men do not want to go ot, the
great matority of them at leas and if they
so zo it will be because they are morally of
physically Coerced into going

If these grievances are so terrible.” said
Mr Alvin Markle, speaking on this point this
evening it is a remarkable thing that men
have to be ariven from their work One d
naturally think that if the miners were suffer-
ing so dre they would be willing to throw
up their work their own accord without be
ing stoned or ten inte it

"As amatter of fact,” continued Mr. Markle
‘it faomiv opinion, arvorntina tome mivietton,
that atter election day in November this strike
will fall dend. Thisitsoniy aaie ton ol mine,
you must understand | do tot state if as a
fact, for | have uo positive hnuowledge
I may tell vou one thing, though, inthat con-
nection, and that ts as le amo aa | spring
] was told in New York that we were going
to have one of the biggest strikes this fall thc
was ever known if the anthracite rewion and
that if was mwolnew to be put of bo io help
elect Mr Bryan

HORRIBLE EXAMPLES HARD TO FIND

One of the amusing features of the situation
here hus been struggles of the photographers
and artists of the vellow newspapers to get hor-

rible exaniples to ilhistrate the misery and des

 

 

titution whieh do not exist and the constant
roclatnation of whieh has set even the miners
du whing when it did not take then: angry
‘They are willie enough lo have the
general proposition exploited that
they are martyrs lo the reed ot
their emplovers because they think it mas
help them ina strike which they all know ts
senseless and which thousands among therm
would be well rid of This is all very well with
then: as a wenernlity, but when they and the
back vards of their homes are wanted as hor-
rible fostances, it ts a horse of another color
One artist whe is identified with
rome = very disaxreeable looking parties
who are supposed to represent the real thing
in octopuses ax the monsters would be if put
into a semblance of buman form, was redneed
to the necessity of getting a ragged newsbos
fo pose in hi roon in the hotel
a- a type from real life of the
outhful miner bhe photographers, tow,
vave had their troubles lhey have had to
atumble around among pig styes and back-
door litter in seareh of aqualid homes One
varty of them had a real «roup of miners all
ined up to he “took” when a horrible discovery
was made just in time
“COVER YOUR WATCH CHAINK

“Por the Lord’s sake, men,’’ eried the chief
misery hunter, just before the button wos
pressed, “button Up your Coats so as to cover

your wat h chains

"Tf Mr. Bryan is anxious to get a real living in-
stance of wretlhedness, @ owing oul of the
etrike that ts being conducted in his interest, he
might bring out old Martin Swantook of Nant-
coke Viartiofis over @) years, aid hasot been
ableto work for a year back, because he har been
il. Heis one of iat wradeof people always to
be found atiached to great industries who drop

behind the procession through i ortune
or = disability There are hundreds of
such in. the anthracite region and they
are put at some work where they can earn
a divelihood, more as a charity. that
for the real value of their. services. Martin,
after a long lilness, waa flat broke, but on
last Monday was able to wo to work
for the first ime Hie Was lo wet
$125 a dav for picking coal, reall.
a bov's work He needed the work
beouuse he lias a wife and six children and this

was a real cane of hardship So he set out quite
foyfully on last Moncuay morning, the mornin

 

the itinerant labor agitators trom the Weet
capped the climax of ther invasion of thean-
thracite region by declaring the strike on

So old Martin found lilinself hooted = and
ealled “seal,” and “blackleg,” because he went
to work when he had to do so or see his wife
and children suffer That ght Mr. Mitchell's

at rkers burned the coal shed back of his house
for one thing ind at midnight sinashed in all the

 

windows of the house for another lhen
they told poor, feeble, old Martin
that if he went to work next day they would
cave in his head aud leave ashes where his
house stood So the old man had to it
up and settle down to hunger or the Charity

“ve represented as the merciless

of those who w
ners Chis would make a good

tvrants of them

 

dreadful instance for Mr Bryan ft has the
advantage of being true also, whereas Mr
Brvan® 9cent and $' 3! a day miners were
not facts

It isreported to-night that the MeAdoo minera
are preparing for a) descent in force upon
Panther Vallev, whieh Is the stronghold of
those who are resisting the attempt to drasgoon
the whole region inte the strike Phe report

is that thousands of McAdoo men will be in the
Itne of attack, and that they are determined to

 

cloee down the aines if they have to do it by
force
THK ROTO! S DEMONSTRATIONS

Ataneariy hour this morning pickets of the
United Mine Workers datributed thamseives
slong all auproache leading to Coleraine
collieries and = wuder threats of violence
prewented all men trem going to work
there in consequence of shortige
if hands the eolhery was thus }
obliged to suspend operations, throwing 300

men willing to earn a livelihood out of work
Later a rotous crowd swooped down on the

Crawford and Dagan strippings, the Cuvle
Brothers strippings and the Carson wash-
ery in Hovevbroo. washery drove
the men working there out and forced

Another Lehigh
also obliwed to shut
account of not a sul-
sowing up for work
Rept 19 ‘The operators
here are more confident to-day than they have
teen since the strike occurred ‘Their teara that
the middie and southern coal felds will be tied

the workings to close down
Valley colliery, No 40, wae
down thie morning on
ficient number of net
WILKes-Banne, a,

 

 

   

 

 

  
 
  

  

 

 
   
 

   

p as completely aa the northern field have
proved groundless and they admit there
« a hetfer condition in the two lower fleld<
than they bad expected The Lehigh
eyvion, where v had looked da pite
them prelimtnary statements to the contrars
fora very general respon@e to the strilte call 14 |
working with at least per cent PheSehuvl
Kill region is but little affectad and the men is
the southern coal feld are nearly as much o
posed fo the strike as are the men in Schuylki
} stead « 18.000 men being on strike as P aN
ident Mitchell savs, the cperitors piaoe the
number at about #000 and SAV That mark is a
high one Phev sav teeday & a crucial in
the strike as the timt, if not more so

why HF STRIKE Stay 4

[ast nigh! the strikers in the entire coal
fleld knew the situation They knew that
the men of Ws { d Lackawanna districta
were allou sti Mand that the strikers
numbered 74 more than half the total
number enpioved © Tegion, but instead of
following the le ers of the per fleid men
he workers in Lehigh, Sehuvl iN and St amokin
districts have been able to get or cant
one-forurt! f the men on

The of tors, and tn fact everybody who

es it i irg@ue that stueh a e¢ {ition
inot result in vietory for the union, because

   

the men who remain al work inthe lower two

field» can supply the anthracite market with
enough coal to keep it going while the opera
tors can afford to let the men in the npper
fields wa sirstrike fever subsides

 

ALL QUIET NFAR MYT. CaRWweEr

1,000 More Men Gut Misers Ask if They
Will Be Allowed to Call the Strike Off.

BHAMORTS, I'a Sept 18, One thousand
more mivers the distr between here and
Mouvt Carmel WeLt on slike todas maallg

{

a total of 14,000 out of 16,000, The few men
and boys at work are employed at North Frank-
lin and Locust Gap collieries operated by the
Philadelphia and Reading Coal and Iron Com-
any. They are expected to strikesto-morrow
verything was quiet here to-day, A com.
mittee from ihe Natalie colliery, operated by
New York capitalists, and which gives employ-
ment to 1,500 men and boys, came here this
evening to consult with President John Faby
of the To al district They saidthey spoke for
their employers who wished toknow whether
the United Mine Workers would call the sutike
off at the colliery if eoncessions are granted
relative to semi-monthly pay and reduction
in the price of mine supplies

Fahy, after hearing the committee, referred
the matter w President Mitchell, instructing
him to reply a@s éoon a4 possible

MINE OPERATORS STATEMENT,

Ten

 

ge Sent Over the Rallroads~ Better Let
the Strike Hue ite Course, They Say.

Winkes-Baree, Pa, Sept iv-—The mine
operators this evening gave out the following
statement

The tonnage sent from the Sehuy!kill
and Lehigh regions on Monday reached 101,-
855 the total eapacity of all mines is
270,084 Yesterday the tonnage was increased
‘These statements are

toa total of 112,438 tons

taken from the railroads’ reports. No state-
ments have come from Wyoming or Luzerne
The Reading tonnage was 54,907, while indi-
vidual collieries shipping over the Reading

tons

15,600 Both were a little over the
Some

road sent
average
ears tua
of the preceding day liad been closed and «red-
ited to the following day, but the number would

daily shipments for a year

be sniall

“The following mines were at work full-handed
at noow to-day inthe Sehuylkillregion. Draper
Hilangowan, Grand Mammoth Gilberton, Ham-
mond, Indian Ridge, Knickerbocker, Kohenoon,
Mahanoy City, Maple Hill, North
is, Suffoid, Shenandoah City
Weat Shenandoah, Boston
Bear Valley, Buck

Locust

Mahanoy,

St Nicho furkey
Kun, I Ridwe
Run, Bear Bridge

Ridge, North Franklin

Gap, Loeust Spring, M

inne:
Burnside
Alaska, Reliance

nitoer, Potts, Bast
Kelley Run
Stoddart

Royal Oak, Ex-
Mount Carmel, Coleraine, West
Brookside, Lincoln, Good Spring, Otto, Phenix
Silver Creek,
Clair, West Lehigh,
Coal Company,
eo, Kast Ridge,
Woodside

Pres-
(ume
Brook-

tou. Girardyville Washer)

bridge. Furnace. Lawrence.

wood, Natale, Roterprise

celsior, Corbin
Richardson, Glendower
Wadesyville, St

Park
bagle Bill
Oak Hill

Elisworth

Marion
Mount He
Tusearora, Jnmlar
reek washery, Middleport
the Lehigh region to-day Collerana,
Meadow, all the Cross ¢ reek Coal Com-
Hasle Brook, J. ‘I
Sandy Run Coal Company, M
Poud Cree, Coal Company,
Co, ure at wor
manned than

Albright,
Howard
Bell

 

Lorberrs
Wolf ¢
“In
Reaver
pany and Coxe

Went, & Co
Skemmerer & Co,

& Co,

Bros. mines

Markle Bros Pardee 4
thie are a little better
either Monday or Tuesday

The operators in general are not in a hurry
to break the strike. No sensible man can
pretend to believe that men are going to tum
over great business interests to men like Mitchell
aid Dilcher, whoarealready advising miners
to kill if necessary to gain theirends, lf opera
lors and employees must be threatened with
bloodsbed things have reached @ pretty pas#
Lhe strike should be allowed to run its course
he better for all business to have it over
cessions are made it means & recoguition
niow If the
and business
disturbed

rites

It wil
If co
of the

the

union is recognized,
of every
‘ition

man in

policy
will

region is be

the he

little local troubles arise Mr

auy
the entire region. If

call

and it
Mitchell will
there is trouble at Nanticoke he will call out
the other places. When it would be settled
there would be another outbreak at Tremont!
When that was settled another crowd world
have grievances at Seranton Then the
union ts trresponsible What does an agi r@
toen! amount to with It? Markle & Co. iiede
au agreement with their men that) all labor
troubles should be arbitrated They
ho grievances, Along comes Mitchell
tries to get (he men ovat Phe eoft coal ope-
raters made agreements with the union men
The union is threatening to stop every. soft
coal mine Therefore it ix utterly out of the
question deal with the union An far as

Ve

Dess
out

to
arbitration goes there must be two sides
are Willing to arbitrate with our own men af
lars

@ch mine because the grievances are not
@ie same Each mine is a problem by itself
ul if arbitration went agsinst the men, what
guarantee have we that Mitchell and the agi-
tutors would quit? None

‘The coal business runs into billions of dol-
ness giving Work to 200,000
the hands of people who kdow nothing at all

 

Is it reasonable to ask that a wreat bustle
about it and that an irresponsible organization
in Indiana be allowed to demand the right to be
recomnized”

When the strike is over, when the union haa
goue the way of the other unions andthe leaders
are holding public office the present meveratiou
now striving will have learned the lesson and
will take thelr placea with conservatives But
ten years from now there will be another genere
at on and another strike wave will be due”

 

CARBONDALE WINERS PARADE,

Movement to Concentrate the Power of the
Union on the Men of the Lower District,
SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 10 The big event of the
strike Was the parade and
miners in Carbondale
All the miners on strike from Archbald to Forest

day in the miners’

mass meeting of the
National Organizer Dileher and
monster

attended
made addresses 4 parade
and mass meeting is being planned for Scranton

City
othera
next Saturday afternoon. ‘These events
are for the purpose of keeping up the courage

on

of the strikers

(he latest movement of the organization,
and one which was decided upon to-day, is
to concentrate the strength of the organiza-
tion in thie district and bring It to bear upon
the miners in the lower district, where there
seetus to be some hesitancy among the men
abou! guing ont Dileher, who has been here

for some time past, it ls expected will be moved
to the lower district on Saturdty The or-
wanizers and workers of the organization will
wo with hin and all (heir efforts will be joined

with those at present engaged in the work
of organizing in districts 7 and ¥ This dis
trict fs considered solid

(he attention of National Organiser Fred

Dileher was to-day called to @ telegram from
Wilkes-Barre fur Sux in which he was
quoted as saying: “If lives must be lost before
settled. and settled as the men want it,
then it must be so.”
Dileher appeared to be tnoensed and
that he had never made such a@ statement
“Say for me,” he said, “that ours is not a
mlaston of bloodshed. We hope to win by peace-
ful means”
the Delaware, Lagkawanna and Western
Company has lafd off the orews of sixty trains,
| because there is no coal forthem to haul Crews
| of coal trains say that during the last few trips
| they made they were stoned by gangs of hood-
* © * The strike affects railroad
men at Roboken, Seranton, Great Bend, Bing-
}hamton, Syraciae and Buffalo Half of
the men employed in this work are Idie

t
o

it is

said

| tums.

 

 

 

PITTSTON DISTRICT CLOSED TIGHT,

| The Peonsylvanta Coal Company Gives Up Its

| Effort to Ren its Mines

| Prrmeacra, Pa, Sept oi tvery miner
in the Pittaon district was uile to-day for the
first time ainoe the opening of the strike The

| Pennsyivania (Coal Company alone attempted

to keep its collieries in operation The effort
was abandoned to-day At Hoyt and No
14 shafts oniv a half doven miners appeared
| this morning Second Vice-President W. 8S
| Thorne announced that no further
would be made on the part of his company
to operate its collieries until the men decided
of their own accord to return to work The
| company, however, reained operations to-
| day at No @ and No & washeries, which have
been idle for three months These washeries
| are erected for the purpose of rescreenitng
the great culm and refuse banks that have
been piled up at the collieries for many years
hey supply & areal quantity of pea, buck-
wheat and rice coal
The main purpose of starting the washertes
now ia to furnish ooal for pumping purposes
at the various collieries of the company Most
| of the work at the washeries is done by ma-
| chinery, only about twenty-five employees being
required at each one. The company had no
| cel) in securing a sufficient ounber of

 

men and boys for both places Officers of the
Mine Workers’ Union have deolared that they
will not permit the operation of these washeries

No disturbance whatever has occurred here-
abouts, and none is ex pected

 

MINERS NOT POORLY PAIR,

Wages They Have Been Receiving ta the Lat-
timer and Harwood Colllertes

+ Calvin Pardee of Philadelphia, owner of the

Lattimer and Harwood collieries in the Hazle-

ton district, has issued a statement showing

the average earnings of his emplorees for

 

 

 

Stopes the Co
Works Off th °
Lasative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one
+ Cay. NoCure, NoPay. Price 2s cents.-Ada

| i
morepal ~ se ge
f

 
 
 

have been shipped after thereport |

had |
and }

euple be put into |

attempt |

 

August, Mr. Pardee says it is not true that
his employees are poorly paid, but that in
reality they are much better paid than the

ayerage laborers throughout the country
| The figures given are computed from the wages
| pf the entire force of workmen in the mines,

neluding all grades of employees, from the
boys up to the skilled miners and engineers
Atthe Pattimer mine the 822 persons employed
during Augist received $31,509 2!. an average
of $8838) = Thirty contract miners earned an
average of $58 86 for their month's work The
average paid to the employees after all de-
ductions had been made for rent, supplies
urohased at the company’s store and for all
ost time was $28 2! At the Harwood mine
14) contract miners received $7,701 04 during
the month, an average of $5873 per capita;
168 breaker bove received an average of $23 48
14% timber men, rodmen, patehers, door boys
and shipping men, an average of $37.55, and
132 outside men an average of $3878) The
total earnings of the 740 men and boys em-
ployed at the Harwood mine amounted to
$20,646 68, or an average of $4006 per capita
The output of the Lattimer mine for the month
| was 84,000 tons, that of the Harwood mine
| 25,000 tons

 

 

 

DID WELLINGTON INCITE THE STRIKE?
Report That He Urged Miners to Go Ont
Wants to Stir Up Trouble for Republicans,

CHICAGO, Sept. 19,—Senator George L. Wel-

| Hngton of Maryland is suspected of using his
influence among labor leaders and mine ope-
rators to precipitate the strike in the coal flelds

Until a few weeks ago Senator Wellington
was @ Republican, but he came out for Bryan,
and yeaterday passed through Chicago on bis
| way to Michigan, where he isto make speeches
for the Demovratioc ticket

According to the story told to-day Wellington
to bring on the strike because he be-
lieved it would help him carry Maryland and
West Virginia for the Democrats, through @
ayinpathy and insure the defeat of
Senator Klkins, his Republican colleague, whom
Wellington wishes to destroy politically Po-
litical and business differences between the
two Senators, it is said, have made then bilter
enemies  Elkins’s fertn Is up next winter
and Wellington wants his sealp

Both Senators Hanna and Jones, chairmen
of the Republican and Demoeratic National
committees, tried to avert the miners’ strike
{t is said. and hoped they had succeeded until
Senator Wellington took a hand inthe game and
turned the balance in favor of a walkeout, The
thanagers of both parties wished to settle the
strike amicably, for the simple reason that
neither side has felt sure what the political
effect would be. Now the Republicans and
Democrats suspect that Wellington used his
endeavors to calise the strike to further his own
individual plans

Senator Wellington is after Steve Elkins
with a sharp stick.” sald a Washington man
to-day while discussing the question Wel-
lington is determined to prevent Elkins’s re-
election to the Senate. and is making every
effort to put Marviand and West Virginia ip
the Democratic column. - wouldn't say that
Welligeton joined the Democrats to enable
him to make a more effective flaht against his

helped

movement

 

enemy, but that theory has been advanced
in his own State. Prolonged troubles among
Weat Virginia miners are pretty aure to hort

Rikins in ila race for he is a heavy coal operator
Chere has been some surprise that W efiington
should visit Western States when he Is so an.
ious to make Maryland and West Virginia
Democratic, but he will be back io tine to put
in the last month in those States.”

WEST END MEN HOLD OUT,

 

Strike Agitators Succeed tn Getting Ten Men
to Gait Werk.

WilKeS-Barke, Pa, Sept 10—Prestdent
Nichols and his force of deputy labor agitators

THE SUN, THURSDAY.

 

|

 

| suspicious of the motives

 

      

 

wanted fo.

not stop business if they
Take the New York Steam Company, for In-
stance, which supplies hundreds of customers

with heat and power, or the companies which
furnish electricity. They can't shut up shop
Therefore, if the Board of Health is not willing
to show the manufacturers some consideration
in this emergency, the manufacturers will sim-
ply have to pay thelr fines as often as they are
arrested and keep on doing business

Mr Curtis said that if the strike continued
for any areat length of time, thus causing fur-
ther advances {in the price of domestic sizes
of anthracite, the people would find some ff -
lief in the use of soft coal from Ohio and In-
diana The latteria so much harder than Penn-
sylvania bituminous that it would be possible
to use it in ranges and house furnaces, This
coal, Mr Curtis said, could be sold at a profit
by the retailer at $7 a ton, which he regarded
” about the highest price that would be asked
or it

The prices are being increased by the dealers
in Brooklyn and yesterday some of them were
charging $7 a fon delivered. The dealers,
at a meeting held in the Clarendon Hotel on
Saturday night, decided that the price beginning
last Monday should be $5.60 delivered and $5.76
put in the cellar, At that time, it is said, the
dealers did not think the strike would amount
to anything, but they are now becoming
alarmed over the prospect

John Cornish, N w Fork superintendent of
Pinkerton’s Detective Agency, said yesterday
that the stories printed to the effect that the
Pinkertons had sent men into the coal regions
to protect the mines were wholly without
foundation “We have not only not sent an
armed force into Pennsylvania, but we have
not even sent a single detective. So far our
services have not been asked for ”

GLASS BLOWERS LEAVE UNION.

Altoona Men Break Away From Agitator
Baureas and Plan to Resume Work,

Pa, Sept. 19.—The independent

who for some weeks have been

of President Burns

of Local Assembly 900 in preventing them from

ALTOONA,
@iass blowers,

| going to work when they were willing to do so,

have stampeded from his organization and
formed a new assembly of the Knights of La-

bor, with Daniel Winters of Pittsburg as
ita President The Altoona men have all
| joined the new organization, and every day

could miake no impression on the men at the

West Rnd Mine to-day Despite the meeting
) last night and the fact that committees to-day
| stopped the men on their way to work, Nichols

 

ouly induced ten mento join the union and the
mine worked steadily with practleally a full
foree of men Nichols will keep at it, howe

ever, and says he will bave it closed duwn bes
Sheriff Harvey
operators

| fore the end of the week
Snow had three appeals fron for

deputies.

at Hazelton and the other two from the North
American Coul Company of this city. The
latter company runs a washery at Liiverne
Ou Monday its men were driven away trom
work by so wtrikers aud stoned Yes
terday another wssault occurred and
two men were badly hurt Toeduys
they were BO afraid they did not

work abd an appeal for protection was made
Phe Sheriff has oot answered an) of {the three
| and will wot do so unless there is a viclent onl-

break Phe North American Company will
probably arm some of its own men and put
| them on wuard The officials say they intend

} to work as long as the meno will
The “no trust to strikers” sigos are already
| appearing on some of the stores Phe Lehigh
aod Wilkes-Hurre Coal Company to-day posted
| notives ordering all men to report for the pay
due ther and noting the shutting down of all
the collieries ‘This is practically the discharge
of all the strikers A meeting of local pres-
idents is to be held here to-morrow and it will
be addressed by District President Nichols

 

has |

One of these is from Coxe Brothers

GAINS IN THE READING DISTRICT, |

Strikers Secure Recraits—Uallroad Company
Says Intimidation Did It.

Rkabinga, Pa., Sept, 10 Developments to-

day in the great coal strike centred largely in

the events in the Reading Company's territory

The strikera inade decisive walus all day lhe
| two collierfesof the Reading Company near
Mount Carmel, the Rellance and the Alaska,
had to close for want of men The coumpany
eharge that their men were titimidated and
frightened off At 2 P.M. about 2,000 of their
men had quit Mahanoy City aud soon it became
known that the men at the plahouse, where
the cult ts prepared, had knocked off This

   

was quite @ surprise and indi qd that the
Reading Company was shorter of hands than
some of the ofMloials admit, Many collieries
ran short Landed to-day They may not re-

 

sume in the rnin
But the Reading

} to run its collieries if their mer
To this end 250 arined deputle-
in and are on duty te

Company is determined
desire to work
have been sworn

night to wuard the cx

 

 

 

 

pany’s property, to prevent cutoreaks and to
warn strikers not to venture on intimidation
in the morning The big collleries in the Ma
| hanov district may « e down tomorrow
To-night over 200 agent« nud workers for the
i miners’ union erosaed over e jiountains i
the Schuyikill district to work among the Mead.
{r & miners to get them out
fo incresse the output of the eompanv's
mines their men to-morrow will wo on ni
hours a day, instead of seven anda half hours

This will produce as much coal as the eons

can move to marker The Paother Creek eo

lieries will run ten hours The Morea co.liere,
that is closed, sent its men to the St. Clair eel
To-night’« rin of coal tidewacver
will be about 1.400 cars

heries to

} ;
NO CALL FOR ARCHBISHOP RYAN.
He's Willing to Help Settle the Strike as Some

of the Miners Suggested,
PHILADFIPAIA, Sept 10 Archbishop Kyan is
stillat his residence in this ciiy and has no inten
tion of going into the coal regions because he

|} has not heard anything since last Friday from
those who requested thal he use his influence

| to avert a sirike. He says he is silling and

| anxious to do anything in his power to bring
the difioulty to an end

 

FPURTAER RISE IN COAL PRICES,

Factories of the Town May Soon He Driven to
Uurning Soft Coal.

retail coal

give prices

|
| The uded yester-
day to booat. Accord.
ingly, it was agreed, bewinning with this morn-
Ing, to charge $675 a ton for al! domestic sizes
of white ash coal and $7.25 a ton for the same
sizes of red ash This is an advance of 75 centa

dealers cone

another

 

a ton In two days and a net advance this week
P $1.75 a ton But in order that the ama!!
| dealer, who buye of the large retailera and
«lisa bag or basketful at a time, may make his

 

 

$6Waton
red

profit, the prices to him will be for
white ash sizes and $7 for
dealers concluded with reference to
sizes that next Monday the price of pea coal
be raised from $3.50 lo $4.80 and of Nos. | and 2
buckwheat from $8 to $4. ‘There is very little
of the steam sizes to be had, however, for Mr
Curtis of Curtis & Blaisdell, the largest retailers

in the city, said yesterday that some factories
have already begun to burn soft coal and that
he had ordered a boatload of it for one of his
customers, and during the afternoon he had
received inquirtes as to soft coal prices from
several others

| “If the strike continues two weeks longer,”

| said Mr Curtis, “there will be few factories
in any of the boroughe which will not be burn-
ing soft coal It will be simply a case of hurn-
ing soft coal or shutting down, I don't helieve
the manufacturing industries of this city will
stop work simply hecause there is an ordinance
of the Board of Health which probibite the

ash The

steany

gees the ranks of the Burns assembly further
depleted. The local men say that Burns nas
been acting aa the agent of the so-called trust,
his idea being to stir up trouble between the
operators and blowers of the independent fac-

tories, while posing as the Moses who was
to lead them out of the wilderness of wage
troubles into which he had plunged them

The men have been willing to return fo work
for two weeks or more Twice the local plant
had gathered a force, only to see it dwindle
away tinder the persuasions of Burns and his
assistants Tt is now in full operation

The independent factories are becoming a
powerful factor in the glass-blowing world
Of the 110 factories in the country, only forty
are now identified with the combination, While
the latter controls the largest plants, the pot
capacity of the independents is alinost as mreat
as that of the “combined” factories. The ine
dependents, under the rulings of the new labor
or@anization, are paying precisely the same
scale of wages as the trust pave The market
is brisk, prices are firm, and a very busy winter
is promised the makers of window glass.

STRIKES ARE OUT OF DATE.

Wood Carvers’ Convention Passes Kesolations
Favoring Arbitration Instead.

The International Wood Carvers Associa-
tion which is now in convention at Enrich's
Hall, 214 Fast Forty-first street, has passed the

following preamble and resolution

Whereas, Our own experience and the @er-
perience of all labor organizations have taught
while the strike as a weapou of defence

long been appar-

that
eannot
rent that
it is not
most expensive weapon, and

Whereas, All modern tendencies are toward
the furthering of conciliatory methods, espe
claily as between the employer and employed,

be abandoned, it lie
4 means of adjusting grievaices
while it is the

us
the most satisfactory,

upon Whose harmonious relations se nite h
of the welfare of the community depeuds,
therefore be it

Resolved, Vhat this convention emphatically
indorse the principles of conciliation and ar-
bitration, as applled te our trade disputes
and especially recommend to the incoming

officers the applying of these principles to their

future relations with employers; and further
Resolved, That the prosecution of these prin-

ciples being an established policy of the In-

ternational Wood Carvers’ Association, we
impress upon our members the necessity of
adhering faithfully to all agreements with
employers

The convention also passed a = resolition

favoring independent political actlon and the
organizing of a labor party

DEMOCRATIC BOLT IN

 

MONTANA.

 

The Daiyites Leave the State Convention on
the Seating of the Clark Delegates.

HkLENA, Mou, Sept. i9--John R_ Toote,
Marcus Daly's lieutewant, led the promised
bolt from the Democratic State Convention
here to-night Their exit was preceded by a

long wrangle over the meritsand demerits of the
contesting Clark and Daly delegations, during

which there were many Startling expositions
las to Montana Democratic methods ‘The
Clark delegations were seated by a vole 253

| burning of soft coal within the city Hmite

4s @ matter of fact, many of the |

| users of steaw sizes of coml could
EEC ae

ph ee

9 EE ye RN mee meee

to Che bolters will hold another convention
to-morrow and renoninate the present Slate

officials

lhe convention waa called to order at the
Atiditoritim shortly after noon by National
Conunitteeman Net) who amnounced that
Walter Cooper of Boveman, a prominent Clark-
ite had been selected for teniporary chair-
man, After a brief address Chairman Cooper
annoinced the vatious committees, and a re
cess Was aken unl’ P.M ( pon reassembling
at that hour, owing to the fact that the Com-
mitee on Credentiala was still wrangling over

the contests from Bulteand three other counties
a further recess antl 730 was had,

ln the morning the State Central Com:
by a vote of 18 tow, decided to seut the 122 Clark
delegates froin Butte, despite the fact that the

ittee,

  
 

xtiendance ut the Daly primaries Outnunbered
thome at the Clark primaries 10
to 1 later, the Cominittee on
Credentials by a similar Vote, seated the de-
legations from ihe four COUT Ces
lhe Clark leaders, however, realizing that the

defection of the 10.000 Daly votes in Buttle would
be fatal, spent the entire afternoon in an at
tempt ‘o con promise with the Dalyites, going
so far to offer them half representation in
the four counties, but the edict bad «ome from
New York no quarter.” and that was the situa.
tien When the convention met at 790

The evening session began with a wrangle
about the seats, it appearing that the con
testing Dalyites had seized bodily the esta
tted by the State Central Coniunittee to
ark mer 4 motion to appoint 100 ser
nt#-at-arns to forcibly remove them had
the decided effect and they left the hall amid
derision
aloud and protracted argument

as

 

shouts of
Then came

over the adoption of the majority report of
the Cormrulttee on Credentials, whieh tavored
the Clark delegations lL pon its adoption
the Dalvites left the hall as per progranime,

being hooted and hissed as they passed out,

The tetnporary organization Was _made
permanent and the platform rend It re.
affirms the Kansas City platform, demands
free coinage of gold and silver: declares In
favor of an eight-hour law for mining eme-
ployees. praltes volunteer soldiers’ and recom-

mend’ pensions for veterans of all wars; col-
demns Company stores and trusts and particu-
lariv the Amalgamated Copper Company: favors

the election of United States Senators by direct
vote and eulogizes the record of W A Clark
and demands his reélection this winter. It was

adopted unanimously

Committees were appoiuted to confer with
the Populiets aud Labor party with a view of
affecting a fusion on the State ticket

the defection of the Dalvites means the cer-
tain election of the Republican State ticket,
and there is great joy In) Republican circles
as the Legislature to be elected this fall will
choose two United States Senators as well,

PLATT-CROKER PERSONALITIFS,

The Shoe Pinched, Says Piatt. He Has Lowered
Himeelf, Says Croker.

Senator Platt, the Republican leader of the
State, replying yesterday to Richard Croker's
declaration that he was “an old liar” because
he, Mr. Platt, had said that the Democrats
were to have a great campaign fund to be col-
lected “from the brothels and saloons,” said

“So Mr. Croker calls me an ‘old liar,’ does her
Well, that shoe must have pinched a very
tender corn, And he says he is to carry New
York State, does he’ Well, Lam quite content
to await the counting of the votes on election
day.”

Mr Platt's first reply to Mr. Croker's utter-
ance that he, Mr. Platt, was “an old liar” was

I wont lower myself by replying to Mr. Cro-
ker When Mr Croker heard this he said
“So he wont lower himaelf. will he? Why did
he lower himself by making the first attack
on me and lying about our opnpenee fund?
He did lie, and J said he lied = It ia no answer
to say he wont lower himself to reply to me.”

 

Staten Island and Ite Advanteges,

as compared with other desirable home-site districta
See Sunday s SUN, Sept 23.-Ade

ET A lt 7

   
     

    
  
   

SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.

|
|
|
|

eda bad
™ a

DUTCH AID FOR KRUGER.

HE ACCEPTS AN OFFER OF A WAR-
SHIP TO TAKE Hin TO EUROPE.

The London ‘‘Standard”’ Calls Holland's Act
One of Intervention That Might Properly
He Resenied—Datch No Longer Friends of
England — Roberts Occuptes Nelsprait.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN
THe HAGuK, Sept. 19—President Kruger
has accepted the offer of the Dutch Govern-
ment to place a warship at his disposal for his
conveyance to Europe from Delagoa Bay
Lonpon, Sept, 20.--The Standard, which is
@ Ministerial organ, declares that the action
of Holland in offering passage on one of her
warshipe to President Kriiger i4 intervention
which might very properly be resented by
those against whom it is directed It says
that if Jefferson Davis had escaped to Mexico
after the War of the Rebellion and England
or France had offered to bring him to Europe
on a warship the Federal Govern.
ment would surely have regarded
such action as an insult. It adds that, except
on the incredible supposition that the consent
of Great Britain was first obtained, the action
of Holland ts both provocative and insolent.
Tt has not even the merit of courage, since there
{a little probability that any official resentment

of a kind likely to lead to hostilities will be
shown. The paper contends that there Is
nothing in the relations of the linglish and

Dutch to justify this manifestation of ill will
It concludes by saying that if the Dutch rank
theniselves among the enemies of Great Britain
they must take the consequences. They are
no longer friends of England and have no
further claim upon British regard.

BRITISH TAKE NELSPRUIT,

Roberts's Advancing Colamn Now ta Comma-
nication With Baller's.
Special Cable Despatch to TUB SUN.

LONDON, Sept. 10--The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Lord
Roberts, dated Nelspruit, Sept. 18:

“Stephenson occupied this place yesterday
Before retreating the Boers burned several
ammunition wagons, two of which were ours
Pole-Carew is four milea east of Avoca. He
hopes to reach Kaapmuiden to-morrow.

“We are now In telegraphic communication
with Buller and can send supplies to him easier
from here than from Machadodorp, Thirty
Boers surrendered to Buller at Spitzkop. He
reports that the bulk of those opposing him are
mercenaries and Cape Colony rebels

Methuen reports that Douglas captured on

Sept 12 near [Achtenburge thirty-nine prison-
ers, ten wagons and some sheep and oxen
He lost aLieutenant and six men wounded

and pftisoners

“Hildyard telegraphs from Utrecht that some
women invited Hussars who were patrolling to
the westward to enter a farmhouse from which
a white fag was flying and partake of refresh-
ments. ‘The Hussars were fired upon when leav-
tug the farm, which has since been destroyed
It belonged to the field cornet of Utrecht, who
has been the leader of raids on railway
There was similar treachery near Commando's
Nek recently

the

BRITISH SEIZE A RAILWAY,

Formal Possession Taken of the Netherlands

Kaliway Company's Property.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN
PRETORIA, Sept.i9 Proclamations have been
issued here and at Johannesburg by order of
Gen. Roberts authorizing the Director of Kail-
ways to take over on behalf of the Imperial
Government the property, control, management

aud documents of the Netherlands Kailway
( oOnmpany
The New Zealand troopers are dissatisfied

with the action of the Pritne Minister in olject-
ing to their discharge from service in South
Africa Many of them, if they were discharged
here, could obtain satisfactory erploy ment

Capt De Lisle, with a mounted force, hrs
gone south to aid in clearing out the Boeas
in the northern part of the Orange River Colony

SOLDIERS TAKE A TOWN,

Boers Thought the Canadians, Who Were Lost,
Were the British Advance Guard.

Special Cadle Deapatchto THE SUN

LoNpon, Sept. 1%-A despatch from Pre-
torla saya three Canadians who were seeking
their corps penetrated the Boer lines without
being perceived and arrived at Hebron the
inhabitants, thinking the three men were the
forerunners of the British troops, gladiv sur-
rendered the town and their rifles and ammiu-
nition The Canadians @raveiy accepted the
surrender. They then com:nandeered a wagon
and carried off eighty-eigtt rifles and a quantity

THREE

of ammunition. They succeeded in again
passing through the Boer lines and arrived
salely in Pretoria,

BRITISH TO THE FORE.

Galiantly Climbed the Walls to the Capture of
a Chinese City.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
From a Staff Correspondent

PeRin, Sept. 18, via Taku, Sept. 16, and
Shanghai, Sept. 18 Details of the capture of
Lianghsiang on Sept 11 wive the British the
credit for climbiug the walls of the city and
planting their flag ten minutes ahead of the
Germans

lhe British foree consisted of fifty men, with
i Maxim gun, under Capt. Griffin, and the Ger-
nian force of 1,700 men, under Gen. von Hoffen
During the street fighting Capt. Griffin was ae-
saulted by six Chinese. Bugler All Sher Khan
rescued him after killing cwo of his assailants
The British say that 200 Chinamen were killed

MARCUS DALY I8 BETTER.

His Complaint Is Dilatation of the Heart and
Is of Long Standing.

SAY

his statement relative to the lilnes« of
Mareus Daly, the Montana copper mine owner
was piade last night at the Hotel Netherlands

When Mr. Daly arrived here on the Ftruria,

Sept. 8, he was ured out and denied himself
to ail callers. He had been abroad for his
health but on the voyage bome suffered a
xreat deal from seasickness and that weak-
ened him and aggravated his trouble On the
day of his arrival Mr. Daly sent for Dr. William
G. Thoinpson and Dr. Thompson and Dr. Lil-
lon Brown, the hotel physician have been

together on the case eyer since. They say thatit
{tis not now serious. Mr. Daly's only ailment is
dilatation of the heart. His trouble is one
that frequeatly results from working in mines,
as he did in his younger days, and Is of long
standing

Since his arrival here ten days ago he has
had three sinking spells. The last one was
three days ago and since then there has been

a marked improvement in his condition This
improvement was 80 great to-day that Dr
Brown sald Mr. Daly would be able to get out
for good tn five days. Mr. Daly asked if he
might @o out to-morrow because he felt so
much better. He wanted to go down and

meet his daughters, who are passengers on the
Malestic which came in to-night The phyal-
cians would not consent to that.’

It was also said at the hotel last night that
Mr. Daly had asked that nothing be sald about
his iliness until after the political conventions
in Montana. The conventions were held yes-
terday

Mr. Daly's private secretary will begin to-
day to fasne bulletins concerning his health

 

 

Ayer’s Pills are purely vege-
table. They are effective, but
ones: Nature's remedy for

ature’s ills. One pill a day
is what you want.

All druggists. 25 cents a box.

J.C. Aver Company,

Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass.

 

Ayer's Hair Vigor
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Comatone

Ayer's Sarsaparilla
Ayer's Pills
Ayers Ague Cure

a

ie en 4. etree enera ee we

School Children

need a nutritious Breakfast.

It must also be easily digested.

OOK’S FLAKED RICE

 

 

  

   

——

DISTRESS ON SHEERHAN'S CLUB,

It Hasn't Paid Its Cigar Bill Chattel Mort-
gage for the Rent

‘Thomas F Smith, as Clerk of the City Court,

with a snicker running up his sleeve, entered

judgment yesterday against the Pequod Clib

Storm & Co,

in favor of George 1

for cigars consumed af the present home of the

 

Jobu C Sheehan faction in the Ninth Assembly
district) Smith and Goodwin and most of the
adherents in the fight awainst Sheehan were
formerly tmembers of the club The cigars
were bo itsincee the defection set inand the
Smith-Giooodwin people did not have a whack at
them, although their last) convert, Judge

have had some

Who is also the secretary

hdward Browne, mas
Court Clerk Simith,
for Richard Croker, did a war dance when
wot the papers, kicked his new hat awalnst the
celling, and running upstaim three
time, velled Have ‘ern
Not so bad as that, | hope

commiserating clerks Try and brace up,
‘Tom, and they will go awa) At has happened
in ine own case on the tnoruing alter the night

he

steps ata

* said one of the

 

 

before, but they will go away,”

What are son yaps talking’about?” said the
flaring Stith Get you gone Ah, ha
See me jie Oh, say Inaybe, We ain't got ‘en
They can't stn » They have thought and
stneked, and thought some more, and smoked,
smoked, smoked, aud now they can't smoke
Ob, yes, take this judgment downstairs and
file if. I forgot about it, In fact 1 was going
to have it framed up at the Woratio Seymour
Club,

Suit for the bil was begun last March but
Judgment was fet enter ‘doon the proudse of

 

miembers of the club to make payments Sey.

eral payments bave been made and the time

 

 

of entry of the Judgment extended, By yes
terday all was paid up except $205, and while
the judgment Was entered for the original
clains, execution was issued for $205 only

This execution Was putin the hands of Deputy
Sheriff Jerry Burns that he might levy on the
property of the club A member of the elub
said yesterday that the Sheriffs Deputy would

 

unable to make @ levy becdtse the elub's
eects are mortgaged to the btlarry Miner
estate, Which ow the building, for $600 ar
rears of rent
One officer of

be
ns

the club said {t was strange
that the jucgment should be entered, ae the
club had paid nearly $300 on the Lill, and was to
pay the reston Oet.1 The club had pac the
plaintiffs $12,000 for cigars purchased in the
past nine pears

There was no actual levy on the furniture of
the Peguod Club last night, and John C. Proud-
mat, the President, said there wouldn't be,
b cause the club was able to pay for all its
cigurs. He attributed the filing of jucement
and the taking outof an execution to malice o
the opposition,

 

ctoral Ticket to Indiana.

  

Separate Popalist F
Sept. 10

Populists

rhe determination
of the Middle-of-
not Support Bryan but

managers all the trouble
when a large con

INDIANAPOLIS,

the Indiana
the-Road variety
to give the
possible was shown to-day
vention of the party was held and a full fist
of Presidential Electors was selected The
members of the committee reported from
their various districta and concurred in the
statement that the vote for Bryan among
the Populists would be much smaller than
four vears ago All the speeches were atti
Democratic,

of
to

fusion

The Grain Trast in the Kansas Campaign.

ToprKa, Kan., Sept. 19. - James Butler, Secre-
tary of the Farmers’ Federation of the Missiasip-
pi Valley, to-day issued 4“ forty-page attack on
the Grain Trust which will be used as campaign
literature by the Populist State Central Com-
mittee The pamphiet saya: “The Grain Trust
has invaded insas: it has spread its siimy
tentacles over the entire State and is now in
position to absorb the earnings of the grain
producers at will.’

Repablican Nominations in Queens.

At the Queens County Republican Convention
yesterday in Jamaica the followi.g candidates
were nominated, County Clerk, James Ingram
of Long Island City, Sheriff, Joseph H De
Bragea of Newtown The Republicans of
Queens have also made these Assembly nomi
nations: First district, John R. Maniey of Long
Island City; Second, Fugene F. Vacheron of
Woodhaven: Third, George Wiibur Doughty of
Woodhaven

Nominated for Congress,

The Democrats of the Efghth New Jersey dis-
trict have nominated Edward A. 8. Mann of
Bayonne for Congress

PaTeERsON, N. JL, Sept. 10 Alderman Joan
Jobnson was nominated for Congress this after-
noon by the Democratic Convention o! the
Fifth Congressional district

SaLem, N. J., Sept. 19.. The Democrats of the
First New Jersey district have nominated
George H. Preiffer of Cumden, for Congress

PREKSKILL Deport, N. Y¥, Sept i” ~The
Democratic Congress Convention of the
Sixteenth district to-day unanimously noni-
nated Cornelius A. Pugsiey of Peekskill.) Kes

olutions of regret were adopted that the state
of health of the present incumbent, John RK
Underhill, makes it impossible for him to ac

cept a renomination Mr. Pugslev ix Presi

dent of the Westchester County National Bunk
of Peekskill

 

State Political Notes,

Major James S. Boyer was yesterday nominated
for Congtess by the Democrats of the Twenty-fourth
district, comprising Jefferson, Oswego and Lewis
counties

Delevan S. Miller was nominated for State Senator
by the Democrats of the Thirty-ffth Senate district,
comprising Jefferson and i #wis counties

The Republicans of Amsterdam last night renom
inated Samue! Waliin for Mayor

The Hepudiicans of the Pirst Assembly district of
Rensselaer county yesterday renominated Hugh Gal-
braith of Troy for member of Assembi,

for $480.25 |

All Grocers.

If a Hooh & & o&

or an eye pulls out of shape, and bends, tt means instant
untidiness and speedy ruin to the gown,

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

is made of the finest spring carbon steel and {s practically
indestructible.

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents for a sample card.
Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broadway, N. Y. City.

combines these essentials, and is also @
tissue builder. Being prepared on the
table in an instant, it can be enjoyed
even on the busiest morning.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING,

Full directions and book of tested receipts

in every package.

Large package, 15 Cts,

  

   

The

 
    
  
       
    

 

GERMUAN-AMERICANS FOR M'KINLEY,

Ex-Mayor Schieren Tella Why The Country
Wants No Change.

Former Mayor Schieren was the principal

| Speaker last night at a meeting of the Brook-

|
|

lyn branch of the German-American McKinley
and Roosevelt League in Arion Hall, William
Ihe meeting bad been announced as a
but the large attendance and en-
thusiastn displayed turned it Into @ mass meet
ing Dr W oJ Schildwe introduced Mr, Schieren
Who received an ovation

bure
conterence,

 

 

What we want to hoow,” said Mr. Schieren,
is why the large political parties are so eager
for the osuppert oof German-Americans {
helleve it is because they have become a factor
nothis country Our advancement has dated

from the battle of Sedan and has been helped
by the desire of all Germans to learn the tnt
guage and the customs of their adopted counts
This isa compliment tous and oe should atud
conditions carefully in a@national crisis such as
this

fo the student of affaira it is known that
this country has taken the first rank in the
conumuercial world. Our goods are demanded
abroad becnuse the world knows that we are
honest io their manufacture and in our dealings

Sinee McKinley took office our export trade
bas increased 50 per cent. lu my travela I
found that on the Pacifle Coast) merchants

and manufacturers cannot get ships enough

to send their goods abroad. This ts a new
condition of. affairs. 1 also found in every
section of ie country that the merchants

mechanics and farmers are satisfied and pros-
perons. We need no change to better us and
a change would necessarily be disastrous.’

{esolutions indorsin the candidacy of
McKinley and Roosey oft and solictting the
coéperation of German-Americans tp the State
were passed

 

LOGAN CLUB RECEPTION,

 

Republican Candidates Welcomed by Their
Park Slope Friends.

The Logan Club, composed of Republicans of
the Park Slope district in Brooklyn, tendered a
reception last night at the clubhouse, 265 Sixth
avenue, to Magistrate Henry Bristow, the can-
didate for Congress in the Third distr ct; Ra -
doiph Fuller, the candidate for the Senate in
the Sixth distriet, and F. J. Price and Waldo
Blackwell, Assembly candidates. There was a
large attendance djeut.-Govy, Woodruff wae
present and predicted that Kings county would
again in line for McKinley. Magiatraie
Bristow and the other candidates also spoke

 

Campaiga Documents Strike ap Analyst.

The Tammany Hall campaigners have been
sendivg outa lotof literature lately which they
expe ted would make a great many converts to
Bryanism. Yesterday a postal card was re-
ceived at Tammany Hall on which was the foi
L\OWIDE Message

A careful analysts of the mess recently sent me
Gives (he following results

Hom bast 161 | Nintitsm. ...+... @ trace
Rant 161 Inexpertence ..+.. 1Al
Vawp 141 Surrender i6
Antl Everything 161 Misrepresentation oo4

Respectfully submitted
UNOLE Sam

Stamping Up the State.

The Hon. Job BE. Hedaes started last night for
Binghamton, where he will deliver an address

to-nightata meeting which will also be ad-
dressed by Lieut.-Gov, Timothy L. Weodrut

| Judge Hedges will go from Binghamton to Cor'-

land, where he will speak to-morrow evening

The speakers’ bureau at Republican State
headquarters has arranged for a series of fifty
meetings in Uister county, to open with oneon
Oct. tin Kingston, when Senator Chauncey M,
Depew and ex-Congressman John 8. Wiee will
speak.

Robert 8S. Sharp Named for Congress.

CHaTTanooGa, Tenn, Sept. 19. The Re
publicans of the Third district to-day nomin-
ated Robert 8. Sharp for Congress, He is @
supporter of the Ho Clay Evans faction, an
the present. Postmaster fle is 80 yeara ol
aud one of the most popular and’ vigorous
young men in the State

 

  
 
 

  

CREAT
WESTERN
Champagne

receive Only
Gold Medal

award-d to any American
Champagne = at the Paris
Exposition of 1800.

PLEASANT VALLEY WINE CO.,

Sole Makers, Khetms, N, ¥.
Sold by all Respectable Wine Dealers,

  
 
  
  
   
   

 

‘CARPET CLEANING,

REFITTING AND RELAYING,

MORCAN,
BROADWAY AND 47TH ST.

(Telephone 2130-34
Estimates furnished.

 

SEND FOR CIRCULAR