IDAHO HEARS ROOSEVELT:

LARGE NUMNDER OF WOMEN VOTERS
47 THE MEETINGS,

The Governor Talks Fxpanston to the Ir:iga-
tlon Farmers and Sheep Raisers of the
State—Several Interesting Incidents of the
Day—The Governor Now Goes Into Utah,

PocaTELLo, Idaho, Sept. 19 —The irrigation
farmera and the sheep raisers of Idaho have
been Gov. Roosevelt's listenera to-day. When
the sun rose over Mount Jefferson at the corner

f the Yellowstone Reservation the special,
now made lip of two sleepers and two private
ars, the Governor's Minnesota and another
for Senator Shoup and other distinguished
Republicans who are to accompany him through
Idaho and Utah, was running out over the
eige brush plaing At Market Lake, not long

ersunrise, a gathering of forty or fifty farm-

‘rowded around the platform and de-
inded a speech or at least a chance to say
vood morning to Gov. Roosevelt He was
called from his breakfast but hardly had an
opportunity to shake hands with three or four

f them when the engineer, who, like Yuba

had his orders,” pulled out

Engineer Ingling cannot be accused of not

aving the affairs of this campaign at beart
He ia the Republican candidate for the Legis-
ature from this district, Heis also the chairman

the local organization of the Brotherhood

Locomotive Engineers. The district is
strongly Republican this year and his election
s almost certain. He came back to the Minne-
sota while it was waiting in the St, Anthony's
atation and talked Idaho to the folks there,
He |s big and rugged, like the hills to which

@ pointed on the horizon, aud as healthful
and full of the right sort of freshness as the
preeves *Lat came from them, The people of
Idaho fairly worship their State, There is an
agereasiveness about them when they are

nting out her advantages that is different
rora the ordinary boasting in which the sons
of the Cornmonwealths are wont to indulge

During a short stop at Idaho Falls, before

aking the trip up the Snake River Valley,
a quarter a carload of fruit and flowers was

aded on the train. There were great masses

{ white and purple asters that were hung
about the dining car and the special cara until
the aldes of them were covered. Branches of
peach trees have been festooned over the doors
ida lower berth in each car has been filled
" boxes of apples, pears, peaches and grapes
on the dining table in the Minnesota is a great
double armful of magnificent roses

Fvery time an Idaho committeeman catches

ir eve fixed in admiration of any of (hese
bogs he fs quick to tell you that everything

| see waa grown in the State and is not se-
ected produce, but was collected on the spur
fthe moment when the committee first thought

f atocking the cars this morning

During the first part of the day there was
noth.ng to be seen from the windows, but the

notonous gnarled sage brush, #tretching
clear away to the Wahsatch Mountains on the
one aide and the Uintah Mountains on the
other. But when the Snake River Valley was
reached there was an instant change in the
prospect) ‘The Irrigation ditches stretched

it right and left, and between thetn are flelds
of stubble and mile-long potato flelds in which
‘ ses Someof the bouses are plain
so d-covered shacks and other® are two-story

ouses, double-sheeted and = painted, behind
shieh the shacks are still standing as cow-

is and stables

 

‘

 

are farm

 

 

 

 

fiov KR evell spoke In the tiny opera house
at Rexbur He was made acquainted with
Hishop Ben FE. Rich of the Latter Day Saints

Jesus Christ Bishop Rich Is a man of the
greatest intt in the Mormon organization
fle one of those who marched ont of the
Kepubliean Convention in St. Louis four years

senator Teller He is now preaching
vers the virtues of the Republican
Gov Roosevelt was received noisily
house On the way to the stage

 

pped by two men who told him that
\ on service in the Philippines) He
referred to then when he first spoke to the
meeting, adding that he had also heard that

 

 

there was ano her volunteer veteran in the
aiidience, but whem he had not seen = In-
stantiy half the people were on their feet point-
ne toa blushing young man near the platform,
w fier many and urgent appeals to him by

 

« neughbors rose to shake hands with Gov
Koosevelt The incident broke the calm with
which farmers of this part of the country always
me into the meetings, and the rest of the
Giovernor’s speech was turbulently appeoved
He referred to the irrigation ditches and their
effect, saving
Why are you here? Because your fathers
and some of you yourselves expanded into this
country. You moved here in your white-
topped wagons, and came across the plains
yer the mountains of Utah to become miners
and ranchmen, and when you got here you
began to irrigate the soil. Right there is one
the problems of the nation, and the nation
must help to solve it. Your forefathers came
here to make the wilderness blossom like the
rose As l came up your valley this morning
} saw the rising sun throw its light not against
sage brush but against the green alfalfa flelds
that have been trrigated by your own efforts.”

4 man who is not thoroughly in sympathy
with the objects of Col. Roosevelt's campaign

ilgrimage was tnoved to scorn by the num-
ver of women that there were at the Rexburg
meeting. There were almost as maby women
as men.

“There might be something in this Idaho
campaign,” he said, “if the women who came to
the meetings could vote.”

Young man," said a member of the Reception
Con:mittee, “you are now in the State of Idaho.
Vomen vote in this State for all elected officers
from Presidential electors down,”

lhe wise man subsided

From Rexburg and Saint Anthony the train
was run backward up the forty-mile «pur,
Che platform of the Governor's car was the head
ofthe train. The Governor stood at therail and
watched the jack rabbits, big black tailed
fellows, bounding along racing with the train
He saw u coyote jump up and trot off into the
sxge brush and hawks slide away into the
rrigation ditch. Onee when two great bi
rabbits leaped out froin the side of the trac
at the same time and actually gained on the
trainintheir wild skedaddling panic the Gov-
@rsor threw back his head and laughed heartily.

Ihe veranda of the hotel at Idaho Falls was
crowded when the train returned from the
trip up Snake Valley Gov. Roosevelt went
to a platform that had been erected near the
veranda and delivered a speech on militarisi,
so-called, that set all his hearers to exclaim-
ing “He's got sense" The visit to Blackfoot,
“hich is in the middle of the Indian reserva-
tion, was colored by the presence of a great
himber of blanketed Indians who had come
r
!

 

 

   

1 town to spend the $70 each they had just
eceived from the Government in part pay-
ent for two-thirds of their reservation, which

they are to give up to the Government next

hponge
Hefore the train had fairly stopped at the
Blackfoot station a young man in overuila
da farmer's tattered hut climbed over the
rolabout the Minnesota's platform and grabbed
the Governor by the arm
Say, excuse me for getting aboard this
wa hesaid, “but | was afraid that if | waited
til the train stopped I[ couldn't get near you
othing but a plain, hard-working man,

‘1 like vou and I want to shake hands with

The Governor looked him in the eye

{-aw nothing of insincerity

I'll shake hands with vou on just one con-

 

} '

 

dition,” he said d that is that vou will shake
! is with me as a plain, bard-working man,
] may not work as hard as you. I may work

rder ot may net accomplish aa much as

| may accomplish more, but if you will

eotome as a fellow workman [ will shake
wiadls

hands with great heartiness

eran was down and off the train

   

 

 

 

¢ € ception Committee was off the
rh ecCrovernor made the talk a basis
ttle le ein the public square at Black-
t shin Pthe Democratic party
to ake «& distinction between meu
rk in one way and who are paid in one
Linen who work in other ways and are |
i NAVs
ehe was in the midst of his talk his at-
nh Was attracted t a little tow-he
‘ ho had worked through the lines of ol
is holdin p her hand as though
kK a qhestion at school The Governor
iped and leaned over toward her
t is it, little girl?” he asked
ruse, sir,” she said, half erying with ex-
bt, “wont y please help my father wet
He's been to the civil service man and

sed, bat thew wont give him anything

 

 

   

; e gurl,” said the Governor, so that only
ear could Lear, “I can't promise to get
father rk, but I will do the best | can
\ 1 ither s name’
ire Woods,” said the girl, while the
ote it down When she saw him
« « said, quite cheerfulls
a x all night now
i nor shook his head doubtfully,
I with domile wenton with his talk © When
*roturned to the ear he was asked what he
‘ & te do about the maiter He had
eatised a letter to be sent to Washing-
ne for information as to Mr Woods's
'} civil service rolls and making
were nquiries about his abilities

“wor roads meet at Poeatelle and the
of all upon a railroad popu-
ri ere i that came down
j e the sovernor on the ar-
f the train two hours before the evening

    

 

 

and in the name of his own independence to
destroy that very independence and make
him a beggar aud a slave Has hea dollar?

say to every owner of every quarter section of

over the Burlington line and will be « 4
week, passing through [linois, lowa, Minnesota

 

meeting. He thanked them for their courtesy
but eaid his speech to them must be deferred
until to-night. He spoke at length to crowded
houses at two halls) There were about three
thousand present altogether. ‘To-morrow he
will go on to Salt Lake City

Word was received here to-day that the
Democratic old soldiers of the G. A. R. of
Ogden and Salt Take were much perturbed
because many members intend to appear prom
inently In the Roosevelt demonstration. They
had ua stormy meeting the other night, at which
they decided that they should not march in
the parade as a body, but as individuals, but
the minority was strong enough to foree in
4 proviso that the members should all go to
the meeting and listen respectfully to what
should be said

 

 

DANIEL WEBSTER FORESAW BRYAN,

An Enemy to His Whole Coantry; to All
Class the Poor Man's Curse.
Sixtvealx yearsago, on Jen. Bt, 1884, Daniel
Webster stood up in the United States Senate
and denounced the demagogism of his day in
words which fit the present crisia precisely
He said
“Sir, | see, in those vehicles which carry to

 

the people sentiments from high places,
plain declarations that the present controversy
is buta strife between one part of the commut-
ity and another 1 hear it boasted as the un-
failing security, the solid ground, never to be
shaken, on which recent measures rest, that
the poor naturally hate the rich. J know that,
under the cover of the roofs of the Capitol,
within the last twenty-four hours, among
men sent here to devise means for the public
safety and the public good, it has been vaunted
forth, as matter of boast and triumph, that one
cause existed powerful enough to support
everything and to defend everything: and
that was, the natural hatred of the poor to the
rich

“Sir, | pronounce the author of such senti-
ments to be guilty of attempting a detestable
fraudon the community; a double fraud; a
fraud which is to cheat men out of their prop.
erty and out of the earnings of their labor,
by first cheating them out of their understand-
Ings

"The natural hatred of the poor to the rich"
Sir, it shall not be till the last moment of my
existence, it shall be only when | am drawn
to the verge of oblivion, when | shall cease to
have respect or affection for anything ou earth,
that I will believe the people of the United
States capable of being effectually deluded,
cajoled and driven about in herds, by such
abominable frauds aa this. If they shall sink
to that polat, if they so far cease to be men,
thinking men, intelligent men, as to yield to
such pretences and such clarnor, they will be
slaves already; slaves to their own passions,
slaves to the fraud and knavery of pretended
friends. They will deserve to be blotted ont
of all the records of freedom: they ought not
to dishonor the cause of self government, by
attempting any longer to exercise it; they
ought to keep their unworthy hands entirely
off from the cause of Ropublican liberty, if they

are capable of being the victims of artifices

so shallow, of tricks so stale, so threadbare,

sv Often practised, so much worn out, on serfs
and slaves

“The natura! hatred of the poor against the
rich!’ ‘The danger of a moneyed aristocracy!’
“A power as great and dangerous as that re
sisted by the Revolution! A call to a new
Declaration of Independence!’ Sir, 1 admon-
ish the people against the object of outcries
like these. I admonish every industrious
laborer in the country to be on his guard
against such delusion. IT tell him the attempt
is to play off his passions against his interests,

 

and to prevail on him Ju the naine of liberty
to destroy all the fruits of liberty, in the name
of patriotism to injure and aMflct his country

He is advised to do that which will destroy
half its value. Has he hands to labor? Let

him rather fold them, and sit still, than be
pushed on by fraud and artifice to support
measures which will render his labor useless
and hopeless

“Sir, the very man of all others who has the

deepest interest in a sound currency, and who
suffers most by mischievous legislation in
money matters, is the man who earns his daily
bread by hia dally toil. Preying on nobody, he
becomes the prey of all. His property isin his

hands. His reliance, his fund, his productive

freehold, his al!,is his labor. Whether he work
on his own amall capital or another's his living

is atill earned by his industry; and when the
money of the country becomes depreciated

and debased, whether it be adulterated coin or
paper without credit, that industry is robbed of
its reward. He then labors for a country

whose laws cheat him out of bis bread. I would
¢

land in the West, I wouldsay toevery manin
the East who follows his own plough and to

every mechanic, artisan and laborer in every
city in the country—I would say to every man
every where who wishes by honest means to
gain an honest living: ‘Beware of wolves in

sheep's clothing Whoever attempts, under
whatever popular cry, to shake the stability of
the public currency, bring on distress in money
matters, and drive the country into the use of
paper money, stabs your Interest and your hap-
piness to the heart.’

“Sir, the great interest of this great country,
the producing cause of all its prosperity, is la-

bor! labor! labor! We are a laboring com-

munity. A vast majority of us all live by in-
dustry and actual employment in some of their
forms. The Constitution was made to protect
this industry, to give it both encouragement and
eecurity: but above all, security, To that very

end, with that precise object in view, power

waa given to Congress over thecurrency and
over the money system of the country. And
whoever has the wickedness to conceive and
the hardihood to avow a purpose to break down
what has been found in forty years’ expertence

essential to the protection of all interests, by

arraying one class against another, and by
acting on such a principle as that the poor al
ways hate the rich, shows himaelf the reck-
less enemy of all! An enemy to his whole

country, to all classes, and to every man in

it, he deserves to be marked especially asthe
poor man's curse’

PROHIBITION TRAIN STARTS OUT,

Candidate \Woolley Begins His Campaigning

in the State of Iilinots.

Cricaao, Sept 19.—The special train carry.
ing John G. Woolley and other candidates and

speakers for the Prohibition ticket left) Chi-
cago this morning. On the train, in addition
to Mr. Woolley, were Henry Bo Metcalfe, can-

didate for \

  

e-President; Samuel Dickie,
Volney B Cushing and Chairman Stewart

of the National Committee, The train goes to

Danville, stopping at Aurora, Mendota, Prince-

ton, Onelda, Galesburg and Monmouth. BB

 

Bernes, Prohibition candidate for Governor,
as far as Aurora, where he addresses a

goes
meeting this evening xtra coaches’ were
put on the apectal to carry Chicagoans who
wanted to go to Atirora fhe train went it

 

ne ¢

and Wisconsin

CAMPAIGN IN HERKIMER COUNTY,

Big Repablican Mass Meetings ta Herkimer,

Little Falls and Dolgeville.
°
Henkimer, N.Y, Sept. 19 -The Republican

campaign opeued in Herkimer county to-day
with a largely attended mass meeting at the
County Committee headquarters in this village
Prominent hepublicans from every town in the

county were present and im i
manifested Speeches were made by Con-

snthusi@st was

 

resstpan James S Sherman of Utica, the

ion A M Mille of Little Falls, the Hon. A

B Steele of Herkimer and others After
the meeting a bie delegation went to Little
Falls, where at 7 o'clock a big McKinley and
Roosevelt banner, the gift of Senator James
)). Feeter, was unfurled with @ speech by the
Hon. A M. Mills. After the banner raising a
delegation of several hundred, accompanied
by two bands. went to Dolgeville by special
train to attend @ monster masse meeting at
which Congressman Sherman and the Hon
Wallace Bruce of New York were the speakers

 

Staten Island as a Dwelling Spot.
its advantages and desirabiiity will be set forth in

Sunday's SUN, Sept. 24. Heal Festate Brokersand
those contemplating buliding thelr own homes will
do well to read it Adr

 

 
 
    

Me

 
   

 

 

THE VETERAN WARNS AGAINST THE
DANGERS OF BRYANISM.

He Issues an Address to German-Americans
and to the Nation's Veterans and Sons of
Veterans, Calling Upon Them to Rally to
the Support of McKintey and Roosevelt,

The Republican national campaigners at
Kastern headquarters in the Metropolitan
Life building were delighted yesterday to hand
out the following letter from Gen, Franz Sigel
Gen. Sigel speaks to hia German fellow citizens,
his comrades of the Grand Army of the Republic
and the Sons of Veterans as follows

“bellow Citizens: The day of the national
election is near You have to deposit your
votes a sacred act, becatise it ahould be the
expression of vour conscience, the verification
of your patriotism, and of your courage as neu
as citizens and as soldiers If it were on'y the
silver question, about which you have to decide,
you might hesitate for want of thoroughly un-
derstanding its beariug on the fluancial affairs of
the country, but so much you know, that the
16 tol scheme involves. -I would not say a lie
but a false proposition, which, as honest
men, you cannot and will not approve
Kut beside this, there are other questions you
have to consider, as important and even more
8, than the demand for unlimited coinage
of silver The demand of the silverites tends
to a financial revolution repudiation and
ruin, that of the Populistic extremista and
Anarchists to the subversion of social order,
a war of inasases against classes for
the pcsasession of wealth ‘They strike
against the very foundation of the Ameri-
can Kepublic, denying the right of man to
enjoy the fruits of his labor and the acquisi-
tion of wealth by his genius or talent, by his
industry and perseverance They would like
to see the American people ruled by State-
landlordism and State-monopolism and by an
army of ‘State Superintendents,’ their myrmi-
dons, cateh-polls and eples

What do they care about the great sacrifices
of the war for the restoration of the Union?
What do they care about the late confilet with
Spain, provoked by that nation? Or about the
great results gained by the patriotism, the
bravery and the losses of our artuy and navy
in the fleld’ What do they care about the de-
preciation of the pensions, on which the veterans
and their families or their widows and orphans
depend for the rest of their days’ What do the
Silverites, Populista and Anarchists care about
the Supreme Court, the arbiter in interstate
troubles and litigations, politteal and = civil?
What will become of the independence and im-
partidlity of the court when its members will be
debused to mere servants of the majority of
Congress, and tools of partisaniat aud a sub-

vient President? Where then Ils any guar-
ee against internal strife, secession, war and
disintegration

Whether native born or adopted, Repub-
liecans or Democrats, politically, you are noth-
ing else but Americans. The American Kee
public is your country and that of your chil-
dren and your children’s children! Stand
firm on the basis of the Constitution, the lawa
and institutions of the land which vou defend,
and will defend, and do not submit to the ec-
centric demands and agitations of its open
or & tf enemies, like Carl Schurz and his
misguided followers Let McKinley and Roose-
velt be vour leaders’

You, Sons of Veterans, are the descendants
triotioand brave men. Youhave inherited

iro names inscribed on the rolls of honor
tiany of therm made famous by their deeds o
valor and high positions gained Many of
you were born during the thunder and light-
ning of battle, the anguish, sorrows and priva-
tions of your mothers Many of you grew up,
perhaps, in want and poverty, but all of you
participate in what was fognined ind pre-
served by the patrioth: and self-sacrtfic |
valor of the Grand Army of Kepublicans at
Democrats, now dead or living We count
ipon vou in this ertsis and expect, Uiat neither
by Indifference nor negligence you will be pre-
vented from assisting us in maintaining what
your fathers sained and what is your greatest
inheritance, the unity and aufety, the power
and prosperity of the American Republic

 

 

 
 

    
 

 

 

 

 

The Republican National Committe has re-
celved reports from some of the most import-
ant firms engaged in the bond and mortwage

   
 

business and they are to the Uthat because
of the fear that Bryan may be elected Investors
are holding aloof as they did tu 1806 and the
business is alinost at a standstill, Investors in
mortgages are almost Invariably men and
women with capital ranging from $2,000 to
$20,000. Millionaires and large concerns seldom
invest in mortgages. These small capitalists
are wnanimously opposed to the doctrines of
Mr. Bryan. The fear that they will be obliged
to take payment for their loans {n depreciate
eurrencey has made them cautious and they
are now living on their principal rather than

take risks : _

P. H. CARLIN OUT FOR M'RINLEY,

Lifelong Democrat Tells Why He Cannot
Stand for Bryan,

PH. Carlin, the best known builder and
contractor {n Brooklyn and a lifelong Demo-
crat, has repudiated Brvan and come outs for
McKinley and Roosevelt The firm, of which
Mr Carlin is the head, employs about six thou-
sand men the year round in its extensive con-
tract work and nearly three hundred and fifty
in it8 granite quarries near Peterabure, Va
It isat present erecting the new Nava! Academy
and sea walls at Annapolis, the inmense new
power house in First avenue, thenew Tombs"
and the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and 8c Ces,
Mr Carlin was a delegate from Brooklyn to
the Democratic National Convention in Chit-
cago in ‘s¥6, and has hitherto been a liberal
contributor to the campaign funds of the Wil-
loughby Street) organization The Cosino-

raphic Company of New York has issued
fis staterment of Mr Carlin

fhe currency question ia the paramount
issue in this election, despite the attempt of
tie Democratic leaders to obscure the truth
by chatter about imperialism. I am not in
favor of the ‘expansion’ of our territory be-
yond the seas, but I want this nation to ‘ex-,
yand’ as much as possible on this continent
Ve have ample room here, The territory
that fell to us as the result of the war with
Spain must be held until a stable form of
government is established in each of the
islands. ‘That being accomplished, 1 am un-
alterably in favor of giving them to their own
people for the purpose of self-government,
Aw to Cuba, we are sacredly bound to do this,
and I cannot discover any disposition to vio-
late that promise

I consider the most dangerous man under
a government such as ours he who drawa
a line between the workman and his employer
and seeks to array what he sees i to
call the ‘masses’ on the one side and ‘the Classes’
on the other. I insist that no Glasses exist
in this countrys The workman of to-day
may be the employer of to-morrow, and, by
hisownturift and energy, he may be a capitalist
in a few vears. Instead of being made un-
happy and = dissatisfled with his condition,
the American workman should be encouraged
to greater effort to unprove his own and his
family's position in the world—intellectually
and socially

| am a believer in Democracy and Demo-
cratic principles.  ¢ andidly, | am of the opin-
fon that men can be found in the party his-
tory as able and as competent to instruct and
guide our path as any in the Republican party,
past or present. Nobody admires Abraham
Lincoln as a manor reveres his memory more
than I do, but IT hardly think that the party
needs a leader who takes all his law and gospel
from the speeches of Mr. Lincoln, however
able they may have been He is not the kind
of a Democrat whose leadership Inspires me
with re et for its originality or greatness

The ction of Mr. Bryan would be a la-
mentable mistake. If 1 did not sincerely be-
lieve this | would not turn my back upon the
political teachings of my life A series of
disasters would follow his election to power,
All confidence abroad in our fluancial stabillty
would be destroyed, whether free silver could

 

 

 

 

  

be at once adopted or not. Gold would be
hoarded by the bauke for self-protection, law
or no law
1 was equally saulf oon
the Supreme Cour es nade
tie plait not Chicuga
and reaffirmed at Our courts
ire pure and must not be tampered with by

politicians

We have army enough now I dislike but
do not fear ‘militarism,’ so called No evi-
dence of it vet presents ftseif When we were
at war we had ap army, and, now that the
conflict is over. T fail to see that any official
efforts are making to increase the number
of our flehting men We shall wet out of
China the hour after our work of saving the
Ministers and missionaries is finished

1 do not favor the granting of subsidies
to American steamship companies It has
always been attended with scandal in Con-
gress, and neariv every company in this coun-
try so helped has eone to the wall We ara
able to compete with the world in. the open
striae for trade supremacy, and heln from
the national treasury ts humiliation *

  

  
 

 

 

Ropablican Mass Meeting for Women,

A mass meeting for women will be held under
the auspices of the National Commercial and
Industria! |.eague at the Republican room, 737
Broadway, on Friday afternoon, at 3 o'clock
The meeting will be under the direction of (or-
nelia S. Robinson, President of the Woman's
West Fnd Republican Club, and M. Grace
White, chief of the Woman's Department of
the Nathonal Commercial and Industrial
Leacue Every woman is asked to coéperate
in the work and’attend the meetings, which wiil
be hela on Tuesdays at6i5 P. M, and Fridays
aia? M. Men are not excluded

 

THE SUN, THURSDAY, SEPTE

GEN. SIGEL’S CALL TO ARMS. |

   
 

 

   

 

vere

   

ryrpers yreryn

MBER

TEXAS REPUBLICANS.

  

 

 

 

Biate Ticket Nominated and Democratic In-
consistency on Trasts Pointed Oat.

BAN ANTONIO, Tex., Sept. 19.-The State Re-
publican Convention adjourned late last night.
The following ticket was nominated: Gov-
ernor, George W. Burkett, Anderson county;
Lieutenant-Governor, G. G. Clifford, Bexar
county; Attorney-General, F. B. Stanley, Tar-
rant county; Treasurer, J. G. lowdon, Taylor
county; Comptroller, George Zegler, Colorado
county; Land Commissioner, Jd. G. Horberger,
lravis couuty; Superintendent of Public In-
struction, O. ©. McAndrews, Lampasas county
Railroad Commissioner, Morgan Jones, Tar-
rant county; chairman State Executive Coim-
mittee, bk. H. K. Green, Kaufman county Hou,

Kk. H.R. Green was reelected cairman of the
State Republican Rxecutive Committee
The fo lowing reference to the readinission of
the Waters-Pierce Oil Company to do business
in Texas is made in the platform
We charge that in the Democratic conven-
flon which met at Waco the public statement
wie nade thal some of its highest natlonal and
Stute candidates and officids had been ‘seen’
by the Waters-Vierce Company and the result
of this ‘insoeetion’ of the State officials was
the rehabilitation of this company and a gerant
to do busitiess in this State after the Supreme
Court of Texas and the Supreme Court of the
United States had declared it a trust and for-
feited its charter, that a resolution denouncing
this conduct was smothered tn the Committee
on Resolutions and pixeon-holed, thereby with-
holding from the people a full knowledge of
the facts with reference to the misconduct of
its sworn officers and trusted officials
Che convention of the Hawley faction ad-
journed this evening after nominating the
following State ticket Governor, Rh. BE. bauna,
Waller county Ideutenanit-Governor, dohn
BK. Schurtz, Denton county, Attorney-ieneral,
Jd. M. MeCormick, Dallas county; Treasurer,
( K. McDowell, Dickenson county; Comp-
troller, John C. Gibbons, Lamar county; Tand
Comralasioner, ©. G. Brewster, Webb cornty
Superintendent of Public Instruction, David
Abner, Guadeloupe county; Railroad Commis-
sioner, (. B. Peck, Harris county

HMORNBLOWER FOR M'RKINLEY,
The Bryae of 1900 Is the Bryan of 1806, 4
Menace of Disaster,

William B Hornblower, whom Grover Cleve
land once nominated for Justice of the United
Statés Supreme Court, and who was one of
the prominent Gold Democrats of four years
ago, is out with a@ letter in which he tells why
he is going to Support McKinley and Koose=
vell de says

‘The same reasons which compelled me
t oppose Mr. Bryan in 18¥6 compel me to op-
pose hing in the present campaign. All the
heresies, financial and Popuilistic, which were
embodied in the un-Democratic crazy-quilt
platform of 1896 are readopted without any
attempt at modification or molliflcation by the
Kaneas City platform Phe 16-to-l plank is
expressly reaffirmed and redeclared, and this
at the instance of Mr Bryan himself. 1 can-
Hot support a candidate who atill adheres to
&@ proposition which, to my mind, is @mon-
strosity and which, if carried into effect,would
{uo my judgment produce untold disaster to all
classea of the community and bring dishonor
and humiliation to our natiot Ihe fact, if it
be a fact, that recent legislation has made it
dificuit for Mr Bryan to carry into practice
his avowed principles does not, it seems to me,
make it any the more right to vote for aman
who still maintains these principles It is
quite within the possibilities that during his
administration, if he should be elected, a com-
plete change might be effected in the political
composition of both hoses of Congress, and
the verdict of the people expressed at the polls
in favor of Mr Bryan's election es President
might be carried into effect. It will certainly
be Mr Bryan's duty, ace ording to ils expressed
declarations, to do what in him lies to bring
about this result

HANNA TO TALK TO WORKINGMEN.

Series of Meetings Planned tn Response to
Attacks of Bryan and Jones,

CHicauo, Sept. 1% Senator Hanna wil
make a series of speeches to the laboring
men of Chicago in this campaign, Congress-
man lorimer hasconvinced Mr. Hanna that hets
“anpissue andthatthe workingmen of Chicago
want to see id hear hin Mr. Bryan and his
Democratic associates have made Mr. Hanna

 

 

abisasue by denouncing him asa labor crusher,’
and, While the Republican national chairman
has no desire to magnify bis own importance,
he is willing to meet the Democrats on this
charge as he did in Ohio three years ago. He
has had more experience with workingmep
than has Mr. Bryan or Senator Jones and he
hae hosts of workingmen for is personal
friends

Senator Hanna will go East the last of this
week and return to Chicago by Oct. 1. He
has consented to speak at a number of big

ss meetings in Congressman Lorimer's
trict e dates and places for the meet-
ings have not been fixed, {

 

 

 

yut Mr. Lorimer will
make the dates to accommodate the working-
men in his Gistrict. There areto be meetings
of laboring men to allow the workingmen in
that district to see and hear the man who has
been represented as an enemy of labor,

COMPLEXION OF NEXT CONGRESS,
Chatrman Babcock of the Repablican Cgem-
paigners Making No Guesses.

Chairman J. W. Babcock of the Republican
Congressional Campaign Committee came to
town yesterday to have talks with some of the
Republican statesmen here and to look over
the situation generally Congressinan Bab-
cock went to the Fifth Avenue Hotel Speak-
ing of the outlook for the election of Congress-
men, Mr Babcock sald that it was too early to
make any predictions yet, and that he had not
made any estimate of the relative strength of
the Democrats and Republicans in the next
House. Mr. Babcock's attention was called
to a statement by Congressman Sereno E
Payne of this State, in which Mr. Payne said
he thought the Hepublicans would have a ma-
jority of thirty. Mr Babcock said that Con-
gresarnan Payne had been in Hurope all surnmer,
and he didn't know where Mr Farpe had got
the information on which he based his estimate.
Mr. Babeock himself had nothing to say for
publication about the political situation,

WEST NEVER 80 PROSPEROUS,
And It Doesn't Intend to Risk a Reversion te
Former Conditions.

Co), William F. Plummer of North Dakota
was the principal out-of-town speaker at last
night's meeting in the big tent of Camp McKin-
ley at 125th street and Seventh avenue He
told the 2,000 persons who had seats under
the canvas and the other 500 standing in the
aisles that the Western States were never more
prosperous and that the election of mryae
was the only thing that would blight their
prosperity

Charles O. Maas said that the chief char-
acteristic of the American people was their

ood —§ coOmmon-seLsKe This common-sense,
e added was blurred by lack of Judgment in
isv2 when Cleveland was elected, and all cit!-
gens should see to it that the same thing did
not happen in 1900

William Morton Grinnell said that the worst
trusts in the country are the Tammany Trust
and the Ice Trust

TOOK S315 BALLOTS FOR’ SHERIPF,
A Three-Cornered Deadlock tn Passaic County
All- Night Session,

Patenson, N. J., Sept. i1@—-The Passaic
County Republican Convention adjourned at
4 o'clock this morning until 2 o'clock toemorrow
afternoon. The convention had been In sea-
sion for fifteen hours without a break, except
ten-minute recessea This was caused by
the deadilock on the candidates for Sheriff
Alderman John Wright had 58 votes, former
assem bivinan.ohn W. Sturre 48 votes and John
J. Slater 25) votes. Sivtyesix are necessary
for a choice. The convention beats all records
here > ballots being taken without reeult
Ihe delegates voted and sang all night, but
they were firm for their candidates. It is said
that one delegat of seven members six tiues
refused an offer of $1,000 to break away from
Wright

 

 

 

  
   

 

County Convention Adjourned.

The Republican County Convention to nomt-
nate two candidates for Justices of the Supreme
Court and a candidate for Justice of the City
Court met last evening in. Lyric Hall. Gen.
Greene, President of the Republican County
Committee, called it toorder After choosing
temporary officers the convention took a recess
to reassemble on the call of the temporary
chairman, Henry W. Taft

Twenty-first District's Indoor McKinley Meet-
ioe.

Ihe Republican Club of the Twenty-first As

sembly district will bave an inaoor meeting to-

night at 50 Weat Ninety-sixth street. Samuel 8
Slater, Adelbert H. Steele, Andrew Colbin and
John 8S. Montgomery will speak

Colorado Nominations for Congress.
DENVER, Co)l., Sept. 19.--At Greeley to-day
the Firet district Republican Convention nomi-

nated R. W. Bonynge of Denver for Congress.
Judge H. W. Hogg of Telluride was nominated
by the Second district Republican Convention
at Cripple Creek

 

20, 1900.

 

TT

|

|

y

|
(|

RETURNS

|
Completes His a | Carl Scharz and the Tim Sallivan Clubs on a

. (Speech toa large Crowd at St. Joseph,

there was

Upon the arriva
the suu shone brig

 

was moet pleas

 

from 4 temporary

special continued
meeting of the

and brass bar
to take the party
snow-White
hitched to
and Congress
sons had congregu
who occupied the

surrounding

fluences of |

Was the sigr

 

 

   

ing to & sper

    

perialisin” with

Bryan said

   

 

own, if 1 t

 

 

 

willingly meet }

 

he was influener

To this he re

 

nation’s policy

       

if Senator Ho
Bryan willt
afew days

Lincoln for
van House
ted over the B
He has been aways

 

States and shook he
Bryan refused to le
send him to Lincoln on as
had planned to do
company offered the train he would not accept
it, and if the Democrats were to bear the ex
pense he wanted them to keep the money for

 

oseph Democrats

! the railroad

Bryan can't
in 180 and he

and that of his secretary

campaigning as wel!
is somewhat the worse for

BRYAN AN IMPERIALIST.

Raker of Chicago, Former
Democrat, Who Will Vote for McKinley.

Baker, former
rade, has
Heath of the Re-

Bo Declares W. 1.

CHICAGO, Sept
President of the Chicago Board of

written a leiter to Secretary

 

served as President
eration and wa
deals William .

 

the contro

 

 

of the part under the slightes

‘imperialisn

hypocritical invention to divert

 

kx pansion
been the polle
eovle since the Pilerin

 

institutions

  

conjured ts
Since Napoleon Bor

   

 

that supporta h

to rule the

will is the law of the
ld endeay
entire nation
poleon deluged
throne, and Bryan ¥
every industry

To be Really
Comfortable at Home

to be in touch with your friends,
tradespeople,
your office, your stable

with all the world - have

Telephone Service
Telephone Service,

mentioned before, puts the whole
orgacization of a great city at your
fingers’ ends, day and night.
nowhere such a loxury as ina priv-
ate house, and nowadays itis a very
cheap loxury.

Rates in Manhattan
from $5.00 a Month.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE Co.
JIL West 38th St.

iid not hesitate
id to attain the Presi-

 

15 Dey Street.

CARPET CLEANSING,

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7th Av, Near 28th St,

eat. isad.! 22.3%

or Circular,

.M.STEWART

'S

   

the Baker =

‘

“This beats all. I’ve seen many
an improvement in the baking
business, but nothing that comes
up tothe “In-er-seal Patent Pack-
age.” We've been waiting for
this for years. It’s just what we
want to keep that delicate crisp-
ness a cracker has when it comes
out of the oven. ‘There's some
leasure in baking when a fellow
nows that the goodness won’t
be gone before it gets to the
table.”

Soda Biscuit, Milk Biscuit, Butter Crackers,
Saltines, Banquet Wafers, Sultana Fruit,
Graham Biscuit, Sea Foam, Oatmeal
Biscuit, Ginger Snaps, Handmade
Pretzelettes and Vanilla Wafers,

are sold in the ‘In-er-seal Patent
Package.’ Look for the trade-

mark design on the end of

each package.

National Biscuit
Company.

 

TAMMANY ANTIIMP, ANNEX,

Common Platform,

The Greater New York Association of Antl-
Imperialist Clubs, of which Mr. C. C. Hughes
s the President, is one of the most active of |

|
|
|

the “gon-purtisan” annexes which Tammany Z 4
s pit in the fleld this fall. The association LG
makes a great pretence of non-partisanship Sf yj\
and in the ciroulurs which it sends out it makes jr f,
protuinent the statement that it “is not com t f
posed ey sively of Democrats, but contains tS

Within its imembership many Republicans

 

and Independe
rhe general character of the “Republicans
and lidependent+" who belong to this particu-
ir Croker annex tay be judged from the fact |
Hor Fimothy Dry Dollar Sullivan,

other is the “tale of a pull.”

 

   

     

‘ aniizi m= ointo an Antt-luperialist Club,

uodhaus enrotied allof them in the association
1 ation iss ta genera peal
to Jawvers and profes i] men eenerally
ive reputations as public speakers, re

theme to aid ia its caput Theae
! Written on at impressive letter
ch Savs that the headquarters of the
) ix ut 13 Astor plase, and they are
liferd W. Hartridge, as chairman
itfee on Speakers

ye ois probably as prominent a
ahh as the association boasts among
nenibers, He has been known aaa
an for years, When the

 

‘15.

  

 

eve one of his election district and tup coats to order for
|
|
}

PRICE YOU ARE ASKED

 

READY-MADE CLOTHES,

 

Daly It is he who is now sending out AND
is saying that the @ssoclation is @ hotn-

thio is preparing to hold a number

Hass peel inars lo-night it will raise a |

nand Stevenson banner at 8 o'clock at the |
|
|
|

 

rier of Grand and Thompson streets. Tt will

 
 

also hold a rates meeting at Columbus Hall, on -

Sixtleth stree between Columbus and Armester- | Declines to Ke the Nominee of the Antt-
di avenne if which Gamaliel Bradford of Impertalists for President.

Boston will make the principal speech. Mr

gradford is ons of the most ardent Aguinaldists | Bosrox, Sept. 18 The

i itr), and in order todo him honorthe | of the National party re« eivegl delinite word

i * woldg to have a band at the meet- | r ee
{nag whi rom

Hu
yester¢ fierno
will play patriotic aire. On Friday, | ?°*"* day afternoon

 

Sept. vs, the association will hold a mass meeting | of Loulsiana, the party's nominee for Presi-
dent, suying thatfor family reasons he must de-
opposed his

in Cooper Union Anson Phelps Stokes, Presi- |
dent of the National Association, will preside, |

line to rue is famil 5]
and Carl Schurz will make the principal speech, | CU" TOT! H y V

 

 

 

   
   

   

       
    

 

   

   

 

 

 
 

 

  

     

       

  

 

 

   

  

 

   

  

 

 

 

Meetings will be held to-night, Saturday night | first action in permitting the use of his name
and on Wednesday of next week in the Thirtty- | on account of bis age, and - other reasons
fifth Assembly district, where the association + wives
suysit has a thousand members not giver
Senator Caffery's decision has been telegraphed
. , o “ . r » he
FOR CONGRESS AND SENATE (TAm,), | (0'e headquarters in the diferent States, and
a delegation of New York members of the new
Bradley and Riordan Wont Go Back to Wash- | party wilistarlouastill huntinsearch of acandi-
ington—Two Senators to Be Ketired. | date The local committee refuses to disclose
It was said yesterday that the Tammany ; the bame of the possible nominee
tesmen had about rade up thelr minds whom | Frederick Balch, secretary of the State Com-
they would notmniuate for Congress and the State | mittee, says that if the work of the party for
Senate this fall. Mr. Croker, it will be remem- | this campaign Las to be given up, the leaders
bered, has declared his belief that the Tam- | W!!-! le around” planning the work for the
a . wl ‘ . campa vot
many leaders + id nominate young men Vice tial Candidate Howe says he
forthe Assembly, but thisidea has not prevailed | does 1 how he ean with though he
in the selection of candidates for Congress and | 84d he Would if Caffery quit the
> “ o lo >
he Senate The slate tor Congress calls for | 4, Ra, each" le wie nees President
the renomination of all the present Tammany Eniphat vot
Congressmen except Thomas J. Bradley in the Mr i we could not suggest the name of the
Ninth district and Daniel J. Riordan in the | probable successor to Caffers the ticket,
Right \ssistant Corporation Counsel Thomas and said that is in the dark
J. Creamer has strong backing for the seat | any One rh are mat
which Riordan now occupies, while ex-Justice ke Grover ela ‘
Henry M. Goldfogle is pretty sure to get the 7 Withus butdor sy SO.Oper [heparty has
homination in the Ninth It wes declared {| Tecelved great. eneoourager '
vesterday that the slate was not finally com- | @uticipated and it will oocast regret if the
leted, aud that Congressman Levy of the Thir- | Whole ticket is not made upright
nih, and William Astor Chanler of the Four- Is it possible that Dr. Evere
teenth, night be turned down yet Both of | Upen to head the t ket"
them voted for the Republican Currency bill I haven't heard anything
at the last session of Congress, and Mr. Chanler, | Prompt reply
soon after his election in 1898, said some wn- - ———
pleasant things about Mr. Croker. Congress STAPLETON IN
man dacob Ruppert, dn, Was to have been
turned down, bul the sentiment in his district |
was strongly in bis favor, and it is said now | Mey Lose His 87,500 Job for Sapportiag
that he isto have the nomination Senator Coffey.
The Senate slate inclides two changes, and . . ‘ si
it is possible that there may be three Senator Luke D). Stapleton may lose his $7,500 a year
Munzinger of the Sixteenth district iaa partisan | JoDas First As-istant Corporation Counsel tn
of John Sheehan, and will not geta renomina- | Brookivn asa penalty for supporting Senator
tion Assemblyman Patrick S Trainor of the “
: Michael J. Coffey in his ree
Chirteenth district will succeed him. Senator
Mitchell of the Twenty-first is not to have a re- | Hugh MeLaugblin. Mr. Stapleton realizes that
nomination, and Joseph Hennessey isto get the | his oficial head is in danger, but the decapita-
plum Senator Maurice Featherson of the | tion may be postponed until after election as he
Eighteenth district imay be prevented from | vigorously protests that he is heart and «
going back to the Senate by being called upon | Bryan and Stanchfield and ready to take the
to assist Mr. Croker in the management of Taio- | stump for ther
many Halt) and if he is, ex-Bher Thomas J -
Dunn will probably be named as his successor. | " :
Milton Roblee, proprietor of the Bartholdi Ho- Republican School for Voters,
tel, has been selected to Tun eg@ainst Senator The B. B. Odel! Campaign Club No, 1, whidh
Elsberg in the Fifteenth, and ex-Senator Charles was organized in the ‘Iwenty
! Guv has been selected to mntest arainst ;
Assemblyinan Satnuel S. Slater in the Nine- | district, has decided to rent a
teenth | avenue and open a= sehool
7 ° | schoo! willbe kept open day and evening until
SHEVIIN AT THE HELM. election and several members

. : be on hand all ti time to show how ballots
Brooklyn Democracy Will Play Second Fiddle should be marked and folded Several speakers

te Tammany will also be procured by the club who will de

. aes liver addr: sses on the camp
James Shevlin has returned from Saratoga and ————
will relieve Hugh McLaughlin from the cares Debs, Too, to Raid New York.
and worriments of Democratic calpalan work The New York section of the Socialist’ Demee-
in Brooklyn Phe close alliance between Tam- | eratic party reported vesterday
many andthe Willoughby street rnachine, which | being made to bring } ene \V. Debs, the Presi-
resuited in the discomftare of Hill and the | dential eundidate of the this city in
defeut of Coler, will be carefully fortered by | etober to speak through the State on his own
Mr and Mr Shevlin The latter | pebalf
Baid It is doubtful i we can
| get an oto come to) Brooklyn, gQ(@ QS... eee
Toa nt in thecampaign The coming }
ae nstration in Madison Square Garden at NOT TOBACCO
whichheisto deliver an address is really meant
as TF understand it, for ab pote section, the bor- Bat Coffee Was the Cause of the Trouble,
oug Brooklyn as well a8 the borough of
Mu ttaun” 7 wean An old veteran from Springfleld, Mass, made
Already orders have been sent out by Mr a curious experiment in the use of tobacco and
Shy nto the district leaders to send ble dele- fon » save: “T have .
vations over to Maohattan to join in the elori co flees He ; a | have been an incessant
fleation of Bryar And thus under the new | Smoker for forty years, using
Croker-Sheviin regime the Brooklyn Democ- | cigars a day, besides several
m ‘y Is to play second fiddle in the political | very fond of coffer
rata
' ——_——_———- “In 1893 | noticed my stomach
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVENTION, coming weak and that I could not retain my
= simian breakfast) Within six months’afterwards I had
The Nomtnation of Mr. O'Brien for State | arrived stthatstage where
Senator in a Michigan District, least five breakfasts each week
HovGHTON, Mich, Sept 19 —At the Thirty. | claimed that the sickness was caused by amok-
second district Democratic convention to-day | ine, 80 [ wentunder the care of Dr
Patrick H O'Brien of Laurium was nominated of Spencer, Mass, who cured me of the tobucco
Phi ; : ha bor elght mouths | refrained trom its
nuanimously or State Senator The cons | use, but the vomiting suli contit
vention consisted of three delegates, Messrs My physician then attributed it to catarrh se
Legendre and Thometz of Calumet and Sullivan | | carefully dosed myself with the catarrh cures
of fronwood The successful candidate and | but the vomiting became more N
three newspaper reporters constituted the |] not more ftrequer I therefore «
alidience fr O'Brien was notified of his | resume my smoking and get as much comfort
nation by a committee of the whole, con- | as possible in that direeti ed that the
xixting of all three delegates and delivered | smoking did not increase th
a long address which was applauded loudly Quite a time alter that I imet a friend wha tn
by the entire conventior one minute put ine tbe right track, by telling

- - the that he was satisfled that it was coffee that

Orange County Republican Nominations. cane trouble. Tstopped drinking coffee,

m " - and withina week the vomit ased entirely

NEWRURGH, Sept. 19.— The Orange County Re- _ Shortly after that [tool using Poanans

publican Convention this afternoon at Goshen Food Coff dtound it filed the require.

nominated the following ticket: County Judge ments of ce My f y are Using itregu-

é + | lariy, and lik as well aw the Java coffee

‘ hn J Brattle of Narwick County Clerk, | after beeoming aceustome ,
than G, Tageart of Newburgh, District At- | know from practica i .

\ - in i actical exper e of t
torney, A. V. N. Powelson of Middletown: | ficialeffects of Posturn | he pene-
Sheriff, Jacob Herman of Newt urgh; Coroners omit my_ name Name and
1), Murtfeidt of Newburgh and A. L. Deoker of iven by Postum Cereal Co,, Lim,

Middletown \oh.— Ade

fi
i¢

  
 

  
   

UNCLE SAM’S PULL

on China is not to be compared to our pall
on rade, one is the * pull of a tail,” and the
. Our pull lies in
v leader tn the Sixth Asser bly district the nature of the values we give in our sults

The high class selection of Fabrics number
THE SAME
PAY FOR

over $00 Stvles—TO ORDER AT
ek ocjation nie to decide whether or not

gydowonor Ne tlc beans “Oa WG, LOFTUS & CO.,
wen turned down b Tammany, M Hart-

dye apoke for the Tieer in opposition to dus. 1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.
laa organizition . Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge

 

CAPPERY CAN'T BE A CANDIDATE,

Committee