i ae
a os

Brinn!

{

 
  
   

 

eee}

 

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900,

 

 

Sobecriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

 

DAILY, pet Month

DAILY, per Year

GBUNDAY, per Year anee
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year.
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month.

Postage to foreigo countries added.
_— THe SUN, New York City.

 

ail
23333

a

PAaRiIs—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioceque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

It our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
pudlicalion wish (o have rejected articles returned, (hey
must in all cases send stamps for thal pur pore.

One Tongue and Two.

 

 

When our esteemed contemporary the
Buffalo Courier speaks of “ the one speech
which THeopore Roosrvett is making
every day in the West,” it pays to Rooss-
VELT a compliment due to the entire Re-
publican stuinp army

There {s only one Republican speech
this year. It varies according to the in-
tellectual grasp or the rhetorio of the indi-
vidual speaker, but {n substance it is always
the same, because never in any section of
the Union does it slur any part of the
Republican platform. If our contemporary
wants to find varieties of campaign talk tt
will find them with the Democrats, whose
speakers in one portion of the country
are trying to conceal the party tssue that
{e made most of somewhere else

In every Republican speech will be found
a plea for these three things

Loyalty to the flag

Preservation of the national credit

Inviolability of the courte

Taken together, the divided voices of
the Democracy are calling for

Treachery to the flag

Destruction of the national credit

Degradation of the courts

If there are voters who while they can't
atir within themselves any political partisan-
ship still have a prejudice for straightfor-
wardneas and frankness, they will vote the
Republican ticket

England's Coal Problem

It {8 well known that the present year has
witnessed a remarkable rise in the price of
coal throughout Great Britain. In various
parte of the country coal costs the con-
sumer from 75 centa to $2.50 per ton more
than it did last September. The average
increase may be estimated at a dollar and a
half. If, then, we take 220,000,000 tons as
probable the output during 1990, this quan-
tity, at an average Increase of $1.50 per ton,
would represent an addition of $330,000,000
to the cost of coal for British consumers
and exporters. let us look at the dangers
threatened by such a change in the price of
the combustible and at some of the remedies
suggested.

It is obvious that England's export trade
in coal is seriously menaced by the present
atate of things. Last year Great Britain
exported over 43,000,000 tons and sup-
plied 12,000,000 more to ocean- going
steamers. How long can this trade ex-
pect to escape American competition, if
existing prices are maintained? Coal sells
to-day for about $7 per ton at Cardiff,
the main shipping point of Wales, and
for about $6 per ton at Newoastle,
the principal entrepdt of the northof Eng-

land. If to these prices be added the cost of |

freight, we findthat Welsh coal cannot be

delivered at Gibraltar for less than $9.16, or |

American | ° imperialism ”

at Marseilles for less than $9.70.
bituminous coal, on the other hand, can be
delivered at Hampton Roads for $2.50 per
ton. Even if we add $5 per ton for freight,
we should still be able to deliver Ameri-

ean coal in the Mediterranean for
$7.50, or, on an average, $2 less than
the cost at which British exporters
could place it there Manifestly it

fe only a question of a short time when
American coal will drive British coal out of
the Mediterranean, provided the prices of
the combustible now prevailing in England
ahall continue

That they will continue, and may even go
considerably higher, is believed by many
expert observers, forthe reason that English
railways, instead of reducing their present
exorbitant charges for carrying coal, are
talking of increasing them. It was only the

other day that the chairman of a leading |

English railway said that if there was any
commodity that could bear an

rate for carriage, it was coal. The Parlia-

mentary maximum rates for coal are
from four-fifths of acent to four cents
per ton per mile, according to the
distance, with a terminal charge of

each = end
include the
rates on

alx cents per ton at
Sometimes these
use of wagons

rates do not
The actual coal
brought to London from Wales and the
Midland counties over distances between
100 and 200 miles, vary from about a cent
toa cent anda third per ton per mile. The

rates charged for carrying coal in Pennsvyi- |
working

vania and Virginia are from one-third to
one-fourth of the British rates

ence will be sharply bronght out when
we say that a 150-mile haul would in
Fngland add about $1.50 per ton to the

cost of the combustible,
United States, it would only add about
fifty cents. With the English railways
refusing to lower their rates and talking of
increasing them, there seems to be scarcely
any chance of a fall in the cost of English
coal at the points of shipment

Now, even if the outcome of the present

whereas, in the

prices of British coal should be confined to |

the loss of the whole or a large part of
England's export trade in that combustible,
the consequences would be calamitous
British shipping is employed in carrying
coal to an extent not generally known.

The Tendon National Revrier asserts
that, if Fngland’s exporta of  eoal
were fo cease, or even to he ma-

terially affected, all the shipvarda in the
country, except those employed in building
mail steamers and men-of-war,
well close their gates at once
the ‘tramp "class would be required for
years to come, and one of England's chief
industries, shipbuilding, would be, as re-
gards many shipyards, practically ruined,
Nor would this be all. The vessels which
now take out English coal bring return
cargoes of food and raw materials. If they
could obtain cargoes only one way, they
would have to increase the rates of freight
correspondingly, and thus add to the coat
of food and of the raw materials which are
indispensable to the maintenance of FEng-
land ® commercial position

The loas of England's export trade in coal
is, in truth, but the smallest part of the
calamity ok ee by a signal increase in

\

might as
No veasels of

the price of tthe combustible. England's

es

| cumstances.

lon the part of

| “ imperialism.”
| politicians it was a trick which seemed to
| be full of promise two months ago.

| issue of the campaign’
the scare would serve the purpose of draw- |

increased |

The differ- |

| perialism.”

| self the

Ce oe RR I aR ee om em om - wr

commercial prosperity, in its present form,
{s founded upun coal, and it will continue
only so long as she can hold her place
in the international struggle. It will
disappear quickly when her coal be-
comes too costly to be used profitably ex-

cept for domestic purposes, unless, in the ,

meantime, some other means of creating
heat and power is discovered, As the
National Review in an article on this subject
reminds ita readers, England keeps a

shop and sells to the world in compe- |
' Bryan ie sure of any Electoral votes,

tition with other countries that also keep
shops. The moment England ceases to
be able to sell as cheaply as do her rivals,

her foreign business will be lost, No doubt, !

trade takes some time to forsake a cus-
tomary channel, but, in
in these days of steam and electricity,
the end comes very soon-—it ts certain
that each country will buy what it needs
trom whatever countries sell it cheap-
est, Nearly the whole of England's ex-
port trade is based on coal, and the mo-
ment she fails to procure it cheaply enough
for manufacturing purposes, her trade will
pass from her and goto countries which
can obtain coal on lower terms.

Of the solutions of England's coal prob-
lem that have been propounded, none seems
to offer a remedy that {s immediately prac-
ticable. An export duty is out of the ques
tion, because that would merely precipitate
the paralysis of British shipping which, as
we have pointed out, is very largely
engaged in the carriage of the com-
bustible. A reduction in the rates oharged
for carrying coal by English railways
is also unattainable under present cir-
Before English lines could
rival the Amerioan railroads in this respect,

| they would have to reconstruct the whole
| plant employed in the business; turn tables,

sidings, tips, wagons and locomotives
would all have to be made on a larger |
scale than at present. The English

coal wagons hold from eight to ten tons;

there are but a few that carry twelve tons.
A standard coal car in the United States
holds thirty tons. It would need a very
heavy outlay to re@quip English railways

for coal traffic as it is conducted in the |

United States, and there is at present no
reason to believe that English shareholders
would submit to the required sacrifice.

It is undoubtedly true that a large por-

tion of the coal consumed in England, as |

elsewhere, is wasted, and that the heat and
power furnished through the use of boilers
and engines could all be obtained by a
much smaller expenditure of fuel.
Much greater economies in the produc
tion of power have been realized in ma-
rine than in landengines. This difference
ought to be reduced by science and inven-
tion. Until such*a reduction, however, is
effected, and until those who use coal for

raising steam are made acquainted with the

economizing inventions and methods that

already exist, there is no reason to expect |
combustible |

need of the
English manufacturers
will be materially lessened. But, if the
need of coal continues to be the same, and
the price of the commodity rises, either the
prices of English manufactures must he
proportionally raised or their output must
be contracted, Either result would spell
disaster.

that the

 

The Ground Cleared for Action.

Simply as a political manceuvre it seemed
to BRYAN a clever trick to start a scare of
In the view of superficial

In order to hold his Populist and ailver
Republican allies and to preserve his sole
distinction it was necessary for BRYAN

to dictate the 16-to-1 issue, but by putting |

first in the Kansas City
platform and dubbing it the “ paramount
he expected that

ing to him support from confused advocates
of the gold standard, his natural enemies

To his diagnosis of the political condition |

there seemed great potency in this, more
especially in States which had gone against
him so overwhelmingly In 1896, the New
England States, for example. He had
listened to the shrieks of the Boston band

| of “ anti-imperialista " and had taken them

as indications of a pervasive terror among
the American people so distracting that
they would forget to suatain the gold stand-
ard and think only of the awful danger
to their liberties of a policy of territorial

expansion which had been pursued from |

the very beginning of the Republic against |
' horn citizen of the United States, but our

| remarks

an opposition whieh had always brought
disaster to the political party making it
He thought to stir it into a
would hail him as the here of the hour

When these “antl-imperialists” held
their little convention at Indianapolis
their share in contributing the “ para-
mount issue” of “imperialism” to the |
Kansas City platform was made mani-
fest, The movement turned out to he
a Brvan side show, in which by evi-

dently preconcerted arrangement Bryanites,
anti-imperialists" for the

turned
purpose,

Into

were in the majority: and, of

| course, his candidacy was sustained by it,

(hus the plan of Bryan seemed to be
propitiously. He
come both the hero of “ anti-imperialiam ”
and the hero of 16 to 1. The first sethack
came when a few of the little crowd held
aloof and Insisted on :
perialism " on their own hook. At least
a score of young and old political philos-
ophers are really frightened and genuinely
believe that unless they are put at the helm
of the Republic to change its course it is
sure to go to pieces on the rocks of “ im-
They are not humbugs, but
only lunaties. Accordingly the score col-
lected in a chamber in New York and put
np a distinetively “ anti-imperialistic
ticket and constructed a platform of which
“anti-imperialism " is unquestionably the
paramount issue.” If the people get
terrified about “ imperialism " theirs is the

most

only simon-pure “ anti-imperialistic " ticker

to vote for on the 6th of November

When Bryan made his speech at Indian-
apolis accepting the Kansas City nomina-
tion, however, he esasaved to take to him-
monopoly of the
by referring to nothing else. He
changes on the Declaration of
and “the consent of the
governed " and the awful peril of “im-
perialism ” until nothing more terrible
remained for the Carnegie Hall score to
say. He put upon it all the emphasise it
would bear, and the simon-pure * anti-
imperialistic” movement has aince ceased to
Afterward BRYAN went to Topeka
to accept the distinctively Populist nomina-
tion and free silver being the issue “ para-
mount " there, upon it he crowded the em-
phasis. He had hitched “ anti-imperial-
iam “ to 16 to 1 #0 dexterousiy that he felt
sire that the team would carry him tothe
White House neers roughest road

issie
rang the
Independence

move

Then came the @ermont and Maine eleo

 

  

os

 

| only a laughing stock

the end--and, |

roar which |

had he- j

| a little more.
running “ anti-im- |

“paramount |

 

 

  

! tions. They showed so conclusively that

there was nothing in the issue, whether
called “ paramount” or subsidiary, that
BrYaw saw that he must hitch his 16 to 1
to something else in order to get ahead,
and this time he chose “ trusts.”

“ Imperialism ” had dropped out of the
campaign. It had terrified the American

' people no more than did the Copperhead

ory of thirty-six years ago that our liberties
were being destroyed by the war for the
Union. At the South, too, where alone

his * imperfalism,” from the first, has been
No paper and
no man of any consequence in that part of
the Union looks upon it as other than a
humbug and those most deserving of re-
spect for ability upbrald him for his folly
in loading the humbug on the Democratic
party. Nor is his new issue of the “ trusts ”
proving of any better service to him. The
more workmen think about the modern
development of the corporate principle

‘the more they are coming to agree with

Mr. Hewitt that through it * we have now
entered on the final struggle for industrial
freedoin,”

Thus the ground has been cleared for
the one great contest of this campaign—
the contest between gold and silver as the
standard of value. It was a tactical
blunder for Bryan to get off that ground
where alone he had any strength, in the
vain hope of attracting to him his natural
enemies when his whole energy needed
to be expended in keeping in line his en-
thusiastio followers of 1896, Where he
gains one by trying to cover up his true
uniform he loses twenty; for his atrength
lay in @ popular belief that he was at least
honest in his leadership.

Nor has his trickery lessened the fear
of the man which defeated him in 1896.

of a character generally too dangerous
to be trusted in the Presidency on any
platform. Meantime the conviction that
sure ruin would follow the triumph of the
16-to-1 candidate has strengthened as
“imperialism” has weakened. BRYAN Ss
course in dictating it as a condition of his
acceptance of the Kansas City nomination
and his subsequent attempts to delude
people into supporting it by the trick of
putting out, firat, “ imperialism ” and then
“the truste” as the paramount issue,
have added further distrust of him per-
sonally. It has come to pass, therefore,
that the paramountcy of the issue of the
standard is now established indisputably.
The alarm provoked by his candidacy is
steadily increasing and by this time next

| month it is likely to be as great as it was

in 1896, in all business circles, more par-
ticularly. The humbug of the Democratic
campaign has been exploded and the

country is now facing only the actual |

and serious and momentous issue

Blank and Howe.

Since the Hon. Donelson CAFFERY
positively declines the nomination of the
National Party for President, the eyes of
the thirty-seven or thirty-eight Agul-
naldista composing that party will turn
instinctively to ScHTRZ.

Mr. Scuvcrz has been fn many parties,
and in several parties several times, with
intermissions; but he has never been at
the head of any party.

Now is his chance; probably the last
chance he will ever have.

We are well aware of the circumstance
that
eligible for the office of President of the
United States. That might be an objec-
tion, if the thirty-seven or thirty-eight
Aguinaldists who are looking for a can-

| didate expected or hoped to elect him,

But they merely want to assert a principle
and record a protest, and for that purpose

the Hon. Cart Scuvurz will serve as well
as any other man.
here is nothing In the Constitution

which prevents the National Party from
nominating and voting for the Hon. Car.
Scuurz for President. He is ineligible

| for the office, but his moral and sentimental

qualifications fit him in an eminent degree
to be the figurehead of a protest.

The same thing is true of the Hon. Mon- |

Taave R. LevERSON, M. D., the correspond-
ent of “ Dear Sir and Brother” APACIBLR,
and the author of the theory that President
McKrixtry's military operations in the
Philippines constitute “piracy.” Like Mr,
Scuurz, Dr. Leverson is not a natural-

about the Constitutional right
of the thirty-seven or thirty-eight members
of the National Party to nominate and vote
for Scucrz apply equally to LEVERSON.
And they apply equally to AQUINALDO
himself. If Scucrz refuses and LR&vVER-

| son declines, why not “ AGUINALDO and
| Howr?”

The Truth About Gum Shoe Bill.

The Hon. WriuntaM Jorn Stoxr of
Missouri has come out of the West to in-
struet the Eastern Democrats and take
New York by the ears. He brings with
him his celebrated rainbow umbrella and
a second-hand collection of prophecies
borrowed from the Hon. Jim Jones, the
Cotton Bale Trust man. And he brings
A grievance. A worm in
the bud. Wander about the corridors
of the Hoffman House and you will find
Bru. STONE wandering, too. “In my
unceasing warfare against monopoly,”
says WititaM Jorn, “ nothin’ has hurt
my feelings more, than being called ‘ Gum
Shoe Bint.’ Lam not ‘Gum Shoe Br...’
When I was a candidate for the Democratic
nomination for Governor of Missouri, I
had two rivals, ‘Farmer’ Dick Daton
of Ralles county, where the Salt River is,
and Judge Jr GrBson of Jackson. Judge
Jim Grpson of Jackson is a quiet man
He makes no noise, but he gets there all

the same. The people called him ‘Gum

Shoe Jim.’ Now 1 needed a name. So
Il said to my dear old fellow citizena of
Missouri: ‘ Till | was 12 years old, I had no

other clothes than a tow shirt that came
down to my knees.’
vens saw the baleful effect of monopoly

|! and made me Governor of Missouri. But

please remember that Lam not ‘Gum Shoe
Bint 1 am, and am proud to be, * Shirt
Tail Bru.’ ’

In the case of a statesman like the Hon.
WintiaM Jorn. STONE these distinctions
are important. Yet something must be

given to the spirit of fact. Something
too, to the popular instinct. In a million
homes the Hon. WiLttam Jor. STONE
is known as “ Gum Shoe Biu..” No hand

ja strong enough to remove him from that
altar of idolatry. His gentle, felt-shod
movements, his low voice, his lovely dream-
like wig-like hair withdraw him from the
sphere of the tangible and take him into
the heaven of limited editions.

Yet in these swooning flights Into the

aD cn esis er scents euteesensinessarsieeseca-asasbonbeennaud RS niEeienenEnNn

| trouble.”
It has served rather to increase the alarm |

by showing that he is a shifty demagogue |

 

Mr. Scuvurz ts not Constitutionally |

} stump the Hon

And my fellow citi- |

empyrean these dreams of what might
have been and Farmer Dick and Judge
Jim Grason let the truth protrude. If
the Hon. Wruuiam Jog. Stone is not the
original Gum SHor Brut Fate has wrung
his hand and given him more than he asked
for. He should have been, he is, he must
be, he will forever be Gum Shoe Br,
original or selected. These honors come
by no election. They are indispensable
and inevitable,

But the Hon. Bu. Paeurs of Missouri,
Democratio conqueror of the Hon, WIL11AM
Jor. STONE, has said a nobler and more
penetrating word. “ Brit Stone,” said
Bit. PHELps, * Brit Stone sucks the eggs,
but he hides the shells.”

‘Tis the secret of a Democratic Trust
magnate, plutocrat, and friend of mano

Law and Lawlessness.

Before the coal strike was two days old,
Bryanism, which looks to it as the last
hope for electing its candidate, was im-
patient. A consplouous Bryanite organ, the
Washington Times, drew this picture:

Should the trust magnates be disappointed ta the
hope of starving the strikers into submission, ex-
perience teaches that they will begin a course of oo
erclon, and attempt to force the situation by bringing
imported labor to the mines. Of course, (he frat step
in that direction would preciptiate trouble, and then
the way would be open for the Pinkerton’ with their
Winchesters, and the infantry, eavairy, and arllery
of the State."

This was the familiar brand of lawleesness.
If the owners of the mines whose employees,
being free agents, have left their service,
found other workmen to take up the work
thus interrupted, they would be guilty of
“coercion.” Hiring new men would be to
“foroe the situation.” The first step in

| the direction of hiring men to work the

mnine owners’ property would “ precipitate
Trouble of course meant violence,
to which the strikers were thus incited.
With trouble there would come the need of
the forces of order, or, in the anarchistio
lingo, “ Pinkertons with their Winchesters,
and the infantry, cavalry and artillery
of the State.” It was all in the dialect of
lawlessness. And violence has begun.

Law and order, therefore, cannot shrink
from their duty

Somebody owns the coal mines. The
evidence of their ownership must be on
some Pennsylvania record, If they belong
to the miners the latter are within their
rights in shutting them up and keeping
all other laboring men off their property
with an absolute hand. But if they belong
to other men, the so-called operators, for
example, they have a right to take coal
out of them through the hands of any men
who may agree with them on wages; and
to them belongs by right the protection
of the entire State of Pennsylvania.

“ One man's right,” said BLAINE, “ ends
where another man's begins.” Unless the
line between the two is kept clear, there
can be neither law nor justice.

From this conclusion of Mr. Wruntam B.
HORNBIOWFR, expressed in a letter in last
night's Evening Poat, there is logically no ap-
peal

“Ry supporting the treaty Mr. BRYAN made bim-
erlf a party to this compact, and Is, more than any
other one man, except Mr. MCKINLEY, responsi
ble for the situation The treaty was ratified,
the purehase money was paid, the islands are
in our possession In my Judgment, the ques
tion of their future and of our future, as deter
mined indirectly ts thelr future, must walt untll
we have settled the question of the present, and
that question is whether honesty, integrityand com
mon sense shal! be applied tothe financtal affairs of
the United States or whether popular approval shall
be given to the vagaries, whims and fallacies of the
Populists and Hrvanttes, witball the resulting disas
lerand dishonor.”

The great difference between Mr. Horn-
RLOWFR and honest money Democrats like the
Hon, Ricaarn OnNey, is that Mr. Horne
BLOWER is loyal to honest money

Since the Hon GAMALTFT BRADPoRD took the
Dante. H. CHAMBERLAIN, now
of Fast Brookfield, Masa, formerly of South
Carolina, has had a chance, and he counts
that day lost in which he hasn't written a three-
column letter against imperialism to the few
newspapers that will printit. Ts Danrentrying
to take GAMALIEL'S place as the greatest letter
writer of the age?

There is a new French verb now that will
plague the purists. Its name is “* tomate *
Ignorant people may think that It is a noun
but it isn't, or, to be precise, it ien't all the
time a noun, and the reason for making it a
verb is not so strong as that which theschool-
boy gave to his teacher for calling a cow a
verb “All cows can't be called nouns,” said
he “Ourcowain'tnonoun  Shekicks Every
kicking cow is a verb” Just now they must
be growing tomatoes pretty extensively in
France At least the verb “ lomater " presents
forcible evidence to that effect. But the mean-
ing which the French give tothe word would
to come from the House of Commons
It ia to stone a fellow with tomatoes ”
(* lapider 4 coupa de tomatea"). After all,
it js an improvement upon our own verb, " to
rotteneg@g,” and as such it is respectfully sub-
mitted to indiscreet and over-zealous partisans
in the present campaign

seem

 

The Carve Candidate.

To THR Fprror oF THR SUN-—Sir: The para
mount issue, so far as the State campaign is con
cerned, seems to be expressed in the vitally important
question as to whether the Democratic Gubernatorial
candidate was in the habit of pitching a ‘‘straight
ball" ora ‘‘curve ball.’ I confess that I was slightly
inaccurate In my statements as to the ability of
“Stanch'' asa pitcher and am glad to be corrected by
my anonymous friend ‘‘Quis.”” Not having adopted

| the profession of baseball myself I had entirely over-

looked the fact that “Stanch,”’ after graduation from
college. was a professiona! ball player before he be
came, first a lawyer for corporations and trusts and
then a politician, I had also forgotten the fact, if I
ever knew it, that “Stanch" proved a fallureasa
pitcher because he could not acauire the ‘twist’
which had been mastered by Charley Purroy, his suc
cessor on the diamond

But leaving aside his baseball record, we know that
“Stanch'' ia a stanch supporter of the present na
tonal Administration in its Philippine polley, and Is
also a Cold standard man in opposition to the 16 to 1
heresy. For he himself hassaidit. Allof which (s
very different from the Democratic platform. So, in
spite of all bis harmless speeches about trusts and
ris apparent activity on the stump, Mr. Stanchfield is
probably reconciled by this time tothe fact that the
next Governor of the State of New York will bea
man who is not afraid to talk as he thinks and who ls
standing upon a sound platform, every plank of which
he can and does tindorse, and his name ts Benjamin
BK. Odell, Jr GILBERT Ray HAWES.

New YORK, Sept. 18.

To THR Fprror OF THE SUN—Siér: It ts all
right to find flaws In Mr. Stanchfield's political
record, but I must protest against the throwing down
of one of the idols o1 my baseball days Your corre
spondent ‘Quis’ says that “Stanch”’ tried to bea
professional ball player and failed because he couldn't
curvea ball) Asa matter of fact. whenever be falled
as a pitcher tt was because he couldn't get a
eateher who could hold his cannon-ball delivery.
On coming home from college Stanchfield Joined the
Actives, the crack amateur team of Elmira. and

one that vanquished all comets until it met tne
Hinghamton Crick ts The games that followed
are still remembered in the southern tier, It was
the summer that the Bostons went to England.

Jim White, the Deacon, however remained at
his home not many miles from Elmira.
He was voted a memberof the Actives’ He alone

could hold Stanchfleld's pitching Elmira never
turned out So big a crowd to see 4 Game of bal! as the
one that filed the old vacant lot near the Rolling Mills
and yelled itself hoarse over the defeat of the
Crickets. To the small boy Stanchfield that day be
came 4 hero, and such he has remained The Liens
ofewen the old crank is stiU stirred when recollecting
that hard fought neld Stanchfield won many a ball
for the Actives before the leaves began to fall. My
recollection Is that the nine won over sixty games that
season, and the only defeat was one by the Crickets,
who refused to let Jim White eaten Stanchfield's
pitebing and the latter had to ease down after the
third inning. Defeat Stanchfield, if vou will, for the
Governorship, but be fate to bis baseball reeord.
WASHINGTON. D.C, Sept 1&

oe

 

FAVORS CREED REVISION.

The Presbrtery of Morris and Orange Appoints
a Commiitee to Bring It About.

Summit, N. J., Sept, 19—Those who favor
@ revision of the Westminster Confession of
Faith triumphed over the opponents of a new
creed at the session of the Presbrtery of Mor-
ris and Orange held here yesterday. The
victory was by the slender margin of eight
votes, and a decision was reached only after
a long and animated Aiscussion. The argu-
ment was entirely on the two phases of the

Confession relating to the daronation of un-
baptized infants and the phrase describing
the Pope as “the man of sin”

The question of just what supplementary
statement should be demanded was not taken
up, but a Committee was appointed to present
a@ report at the next session of the Preshytery
On this committee are the Key. Charles Town-
send, pastor of the First Church of Orange
the Rev Dr. John Fulton Patterson, pastor
of the Central Church of Orange; the Rev
William H Wolverton of Boonton, and Kiders
E. T Rose of Dover and Joseph F. Randolph
of Morristown

The Rev. Dr. James F. Riggs of the Brick
Church, Fast Orange, favored revision because
he thought the Confession is notin accordance
with the accepted belief of Presbyterians o
The Rev. Dr. Alfred Erdman
4 revision, holding that
the Confession could not be understood as
pronouncing a verdict of damnation a
children dying unbaptised. The Rev. Dr
Theodore hite of Sumit declared that
the Apostle Paul satd many things that it was
hard to understand and he, for one, did not
yretend to understand all the Confession of

aith nor did he require persons joining his
cburoh to subscribe to all ite tenets

The Rev. Dr. John Fulton Patterson asserted
that the demand for revision was but the be-

inning of an attack on the entire Calyinistie

eory, and, if miccessful, would lead to a de-
mand for an entirely new creed. While such
might pot be the intention of the ministers and
people in this Prasbyterr vet it waa the object
desired by those who had started the agitation
{n favor of a revision

Cries of “No! No!" were made all over the
house at thie statement from Dr. Patterson.

Remarks in favor of revision were made by
the Rev. Dr. Wolverton of Boonton, the Rev

the present day,
of Morristown oppose

Mr. Townsend of Orange, the Rev. T. F. Cham-
hers of Dover, the Rey. Dr. W. W. Holloway
of Dover, the Rey. Dr. George |. Spining of

South Orange, Elder E. ‘I. Rosa of Dover and
Elder Baker Smith of Morristown. These
speakers declared that a revision of the creed
ia necessary if the Church i4 to prosper, but all
denied that they were actuated by any desire
for an entire new creed or expected to abandon
any of the ¢eachings of Calvinisin

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY OPENS.

 

Largest Class in Its History President Patton's
Address to the Students.

Princeton, N. J, Sept 19. The academic
year at Princeton University opened this after-
noon with exercises in Marquand Chapel Pras-
ident Francis I, Patton delivered the address
He welcomed the studenta to the university,
addressing himself particularly to the enter-
ing men. He advised each to associate him-
self with one of the two religious societies
here. After reviewing the changes which
have been made in the faculty this year he
paid a high tribute to Prof J. M. Baldwin,
who has just finished the editing of a psycholog!-
eal dictionary at Oxford University — Prof
Baldwin recently received the degree of doo-
tor of acience from Oxford and is the first
man in the country to be honored in this man-
ner by that Institution

President Patton announced that beginnin
with this vear all studies in the senior year wi
be elective, and he expressed the hope that the
time would shortly come when the degree of
bachelor of arts conferred by Princeton would
entitle the student toa year'secreditin the course
of medicine or law. Speaking of the chair of
politics, which was founded last year at an ex-
pense of $100,000, he said that {t was the purpose
of the chair to Instruct the students in the acien-
tifle knowledge of polities, but that its scope
would not be so theoretical as to exclude the
discussion of living issues :

The returns of the entrance examinations
held yesterday and to-day are not in yet, but
it {s certain that the class of ‘04 will be the
largest that ever entered the university It is
estimated that the class will contain about 475
students. Thetotalattendanceat the university
will exceed 1.300, which shows a gain of 100
over last year's figures

The Colonel and the Farmer,

Colonel -My downtrodden friend, are you aware
that the Emptre !s ruining you’

Farmer—Well, Colonel, I told Maria I'd go to town
and buy her a set of I’ mptre furniture far the bedroom
to-day. but I reckon ‘twont quite ruln me

Colonel—Brut your liberty is in danger

Farmer--Not's long as I behave myself, and I
always calculate to do that.

Colonel— But, my friend, the Trusts. with the Money
Trustat their head, are beggaring sou

harmer—Well, they'll be along time doing ft. I'm
tn the Money Trust myself now.

Colonel--But surely you are afraid of the ravages of
the Octopus?

Farmer—\ don't care a rap for no Octopus aslong
As the pesky grasshoppers keep out of the way

Colonei—But there's the mortgage

Farmer--Vep, lent money on one yesterday

Colonel —But surely you do not approre the reten
tlon of the Philippines

Farmer—Colonel, when | get hold of a good thing,
I keep hold of it. When I get money enough to buy
more land, I bus it

Colonei—But, my dear atr, would you put the man
made dollar above the God - made man?

Farmer—-No, but I'd put the man-made dollar In
the man-made bank. And I must get there beforethe

bank shits up. So you'll have to excuse me
Colonel

Colonel—But, my misguided friend, think of the
Declaration——

Farmer—How did you know that Bill Gibbings
made one to my second daughter, Flity Ann, last
night? Yep, and I've got to go and price planers and
things this afternoon. Good by. (Exit singing):

"O, Litke to see a Aire and | love to see a ten,
So, ho. here we Go for McKinley tn again.’

 

Two Million Souls and Two Million Eagles.

“'The Twentieth Century Movement of the Metho
dist Church’ to save 2,000,000 souls before the end of
1991," isthe way it l« spoken of in the daily papers,
with a bit of sarcasm in the expression. They say it
fs now being organized, that it was proposed by
Bishop Thoburn, and indorsed by the (ieneral Con
ference last May, That In the four letters to the
Independent from the Conference no mention was
made of this proposal, is proof that it received very
little notice there; and yet ftought to be, If seriously
undertaken, the most tmportantof al! the acts of the
Conference.

A proposition was made some time ago to cele
brate the twentieth century by a contribution of
$29,000,000 for Methodist Church and edu
cational purposes Then {t was suggested that
something should be done in the way of saving souls
The figure was put, we Delieve, at 2.000.000, Then
it occurred to some one that it did not look well to get
only 2,000,000 souls while getting $20,000,000,
This difficulty was happily surmounted by put-
ting ft 2.090.000 souls and 2,900,000 eagies.
Shall we tell why itis with something of a eringe that
one reads of the scheme? Partly because It seems
devised not simply out of a pure love tor souls, butin
conatderable part out of denominational ambition and
vainglory. Partly because it applies to the conver
sion of men the same sort of rivalry of zeal that ts
employed in raising a $1,900,000 fund, such as
churches are familiar with.

Miners’ Wages.

TO THE EDITOR OP THE SUN-Sir’ Last week's
presa despatches contained an account of one, Mr. Bry
an'scharacteristic sapeecbestn which he was quoted as
referring to the condition of the anthracite miner now
engaged in his customary decenDlal strike In this
speech Mr. Brean drew a pitiful pen pleture of a
human being tolling and sweating like a beast of the
field all day long in the dark and gioomy bowels of
the earth forthe meagre sum of 73 cents per diem
What rot!

Having lived In the anthracite coal regions for a
period of twenty-eight years! consider that | am
privileged to say: What rot!

The interlorof our mines {s lighted with electricity
The miner of to day does not toll and sweat like a
beastof the feld. On the contrary it ts not an in
frequent occurrence for a miner desirous of taking a
two or three day outing at some pleasure resort to go
into the mine at 6 o'clock in the morning and before
noon cut sufficient coal to keep his laborer or labor
ers-in some cases a miner employs three laborers
working three days to load the coal and send It to the
surface. Here, then is a miner-a brother to the
mule, who, in siz hours, has worked three ‘‘shifis”
for which under no circumstances, or set of circum.
stances, is he permiited toearn a profit of less than
$2.50 foreach and every “sbift'’ | use the word
‘“permitied’’ because it is an invariable rule, a cus
tom of the trade, In this coal region that if atthe end
of the month a miner Nas failed Waverage $2.50 per

shift a suMfictent’ allowance’ of powder, ofl, and
yardage is given him to maketnal average. If a
miner works twenty five shifts a month his wages can
in no event be leas than $62.60, iruring the month
of August last 2) per cent of th: minersin the
Lackawanna region cleared over $90

Mr. Bryan has been sadiy misinformed on this
question. If his knowledge of other questions is
based on no better information than this, bis uttr
ances mast \e the veriest sophistre. E. T.

SCRANTOR, Pa., Sept 18.

\

roars SSS estes

| had mone {ntoa dru

ed
Fe sega

 

SUICIDE.

A Suggestion That It Is Increasing, and That
Sensational Papers Cause It.

To tHe Epiton or Tur Sunx—Sir: The
number of suicides recorded in the New York
papers during the last few days is something
appalling, and there can be no doubt that sul-
cide is rapidly on the increase. It seems,
therefore, that the subject should call for very
careful consideration with a view to seeing if
something cannot be done to arrest the prog-
ress of this terrible crime. If we take careful
note of the suicides of the present day we shall
find that while the use of carbolic actd and the
pistol are favored means of self-destruction,
hanging is less resorted to. And I venture to
think that this indicates a peculiar phase of
suicidal mania. Years ago when public execu
tions by hanging were common suicide by
hanging was the favortte method The legis-
lative prohibition of public execution both fn
this country and in Great Britain has very con-
siderably leaseved self-destruction by hanging,
and now other methods are adopted.

Another peculiar feature of modern suicide is
thatof two persons mutually agreeing to end
their lives together. This I think must be ac-
counted for, And there can be little doubtthat
the sensational publications of such suicides,
with portraits of the individuala andthe most
minute circumstances connected with theevent,
produce a peculiar form of suicidal mania in
weak minds: while the fact that the various

denominations of Christianity do not forbid, as
{n former years, Christian burial to the suic.de
very largely removes one of the horrors which,
fn the last century, repelled morbid minds from
sulcide

It is a dangerous precedent to establish that
in any way the liberty of the press should be
curtafled But itseems tome thatif the law
hax prohibited public executions because of
their tendeney to promote {mmorality and to
deaden the sense of the public conscience some-
thing might be done to prevent the publication
of sensational accounts of anicide

I write as the pastor of a church, And 7 can
assure vou that after somewhat lengthened
ministry in the city [have had some very pain-
ful experiences of the suicidal tendency of
young people A daughter who has been
crossed in her purpose by her parents does not
hesitate to declare that she will make away with
herself if ahe cannot have herown way. Young
men in love with roung Women who do not
really care for therm do not hesitate to threaten
murder and aelf-estriction unless their wishes
are complied with. Some of these cases are
made public: but only a few. [ know of a
young woman who was married in this city and
left with her husband for another city and
was induced to drink carbolie acid by her hus
band because he bad committed a forgery, and
With the assurance that he would aiso take his
own life There {a every reason to helleve that
the voung coward gave his young bride carbolic
acid, and vet lived for three days before he ended
hia own miserable existence

Suicide has always been common among
atheistic peoples hile it was only treated aa
venial by the Roman law, !t wasa subject of
panegvric by Stoic philosophers It is com-
mon among the B ddhists, eapectally in China
But Mr. Lecky tells iia that Christianity sup-
preased suicide tn the West, while Moham-
medanism suppressed it in the East The
prophet of Arabia refused funeral rights toa
tulcide, And for many centuries in Great
Britain the punishment inflicted on a suicide
consisted {n an ignominous burtalin the high-
wav, with a stake driven through the body and
withou! Christain rites; and legal consequence
was the forfeiture of the goods and chattels of
the deceased to the Crown. The burial always
took place at night.

In the present age we may look upon these
provisions as aremnant of barbariam, but there
can be no doubt that they acted as a deterrent
to weak minds

It isnot very long ago that a cler@yman in
this city received a note requesting him to visit
adving person Hediscovered that the woman
store to buy earbolie acid
in order to kill herself, and at the same time had
written to the clergyman requesting him to be

yresentso that sie might die with the consola-
iona of the Christian Church!

The time has surely come when Christian
opinion should be roused on this subject, an
when sympathy should nolonger be extended
tothose who act like cowards and, instead of
meeting the perplerities of life with faith and
patience, decide to die torether juat simply be-
cause they have no dread of something after
death CLFRICUS,

New York, Sept 17

 

The Impertal American People.

To THE Eniton or tHE SUN—Sir; The term
“4mperialism'’ {is flung out in this campalien by
Bryan and his crowd as if it was a word of
shame, odious, detestable and hateful to the
people in its very essence. Whendid the time
arrive when {t became of such evil import to
the Americans?

Here in New York we have alwars boasted of
our ‘imperial’ State. Its American imagina-
tion has always been stirred by the thought of
the “imperial domain” of our nation—a favorite
phrase with the Fourth of July orator. When
in ny time the Mexican War added to that do-
main, American boasts awelled with prideat the
extension of our “empire."’ Why did we fight
so long and so desperately for the Union? It
was because we would not suffer the “im-
perial’’ American domain to be cut up. We
would not let the Scuth secede, for we were too
proud of our ‘empire’ to allow i{t to be di-
vided between two distinet governments

The Democratic party long ago soughtto ac-
quire Cuba, and if it had so happened that such
an acquisition had been made an iasue of an
election, Democratic triumph would have been
inevitable. Marey arranged a treaty for the
acquisition or annexation of Hawaii, which
failed because of the death of the then Ha-
walian King. If it had gonethrough and an
election had turned on it, the Democrats would
have won hands down,

We fwere not afraid of “‘imperialiam" then.
We were not afraid to graduate from Sovereign
into Emperor. The more the national territory
was expanded, the more American breasts
swelled with pride. Wedid not find the Decla-
ration of Independence in our war then.

NordolT believe that the American people
have chanced since those days and are any
more afraid of “‘imperialism"’ now than they
were then, or that the word is any the less
grateful to their ears

Mark my word. Bryan is playing a losing
card with his “imperialism.” Icisa fine, rolling
word and the American People like the sound
of it. They feel biggerand prouder as the Im-
perial American People) What people wouldn't?

AN IMPRRIAL AMERICAN,

New York, Sept. 19.

 

Chinaman and Chinese.

TO THR EnItoR OF THE SuN—Sir: I find in
your editorial columns of to-day the terms Chinamen
and Chinaman used asthe equivalents of Chinese or
a Chinese

Is there not inthis a somewhat reckless departure
from that nice and diseriminating precision in the se

lection of English words for whieh THE SUN ts justly
famed*

if so, why lightly give your authoritative introduc
ion and apparent sanction to what at best seem put
bastard locutions, wholly lacking, too, in the charm
and fitness which sometimes excuse the appeatance
of Ulegitimates of their kind In the exclusive soclety
of recognized English words?

‘To me these particular words seem objectionable as
smacking of slang and triviaity. In some aspects
they even appear to convey a shade of whimsical con
tempt, recalling, perbaps, the ‘John Chinaman" of
humorous literature and of faretios resorting. Out
side of a laundry one would hesitate to aceoat and
accuse any dignined Chinese as or of being a China
man, and quite certainly his Excellency Wu Ting
fang Would—bnt for his known urbanity —resent such
an appellation if applied to himself or his Itke

N¥W YORK, Sept. 16 al CAMBALI(

Cambaluc 1s oversensitive both as regards ithe
Fnglish language and Celestial Susceptibility. He
has found "Chinaman" used with no shade of cor
tempt tn several of the books on China he bas read
and will find it used more frequently if he will turn to
good English writers from Defoe's time down. He
May compare the word, too, with Englishman
Frenchman, Irishman and plenty more If he per-
sonally attaches contempt to the word, however, he
shoud hesitate to employ it inside laundry Just as
much asin Mr. Wu's presence

‘Selected,’
Fade, fade, all common, gross renown!
A fie for your Olympian crown!
Base gaud to cheat a sweating clown
Of mist confecud.
Mv name, secure from Fortune's trow a,
Has been selected

 

O, Httle men, who toa star
Do biteh your wagons from afar,
4 To fall at last with thund'rous jar
And die neglected,
My mame for Fame's fair parlor car
Has been selected

Ah! ye who crave a deathiess state,

Haste’ @¢t aboard ere ‘tis too late

And Join, lest by a Jealous fate
Ve be rejected,

The ctrote of the truly great

Who've been selected ARB

pets enema nomena

 

NS

PRESIDENT M'RINLEY,

To tae Epitor or Tae Sun—Sir: Tt fs
impossible for an American who loves his coun-
try to read unmoved the Instructions of Prest-
dent McKinley to the Philippine Commission,
published in your issue of the 18th inst,

Every line of it betrays the conscientiousness
of the high-minded Exe utive and warm-
hearted man anxious to perform most faith-
fully the weighty duties that have devolved
upon him, to fulfil every obligation with a deep
sense of responsibility to God and to his fellow-
men. How absolutely free is it from any ul-
terior purpose! How full of earnest desire for
the peace, welfare and happiness of the people
who have been brought by recent events to
share a freedom of which they have heretofore
had no knowledgel

Its noble utterances will doubtless be made
light of by the President's politicaladversanes,
and distorted from their simole straightfor-

ward mneaning, Yet, nevertheless, itisa great
state paper, worthy torank among the greatest
that have been penned by any of our Presi-
dents and it will be so rewarded by men of all
parties as tine passesandthe emoke of the
Present campaign no longer obscures clear
vision By the Filipinos themselves it may
well be considered as the charter of their lber-
ties, and it requires no gift of propnecy. to
know that in the Years to come their veneration
for it will be like to that with which we regard
the Declaration of Independence

For one l am profoundly grateful that the
“Instructions” were signed by Willlam McKin-
ley and not by Willlam Jennings Bryan. It
takea the breath away to think how different
would have been the entire scope and purport
of the document had the Intter been ita author.

The closing sentences of. this masterly paper
impress me particularily In thern the dflenity
and force of all that goes before rise to a olimax
of aolernnity as though the writer's mind were
surcharced with a sense of the sacredness of
the duties before the commiss'on. He sees thea
hand of Almighty God inthe historic happen-
invs leading to thie dav and recornizes the ob-
ligations imposed upon ue by Him. Can any
member of the commiasion ever forget the tn-
junetion of that closing charge or fall tobe
guided by its spirit in hia effort to solve the
many delicate questions that will surely arise
for adjustment?

We havearight as a people to be proudof
our President GRORGIAN,

New York, Sept. 19

 

LABOR LAWS IN NEW ZEALAND,

The Hon. A. H. Lusk Tells of the Good Effect
of Compulsory Arbitration.

WasHINOTON, Sept. 19.--The Hon: Tf! FH)
Lusk, formerly a member of the Parliament
of New Zealand, was before the Industrial
Commission to-day and gave an Interesting
account of arbitration In New Zealand, where
it is compulsory. The court ts composed of
one representative of capital, one of labor and
one of the Supreme Court. The scale of wages
is fixed by it for one year and applies to al!
parte of the colony. One effect of the law has
been to force the labor unions to become Incor-
porated, which makes them subject to thedecrers
of the court. He said what trouble had arisen

over the operation of the law had come from
the employers and not from the labor unions.
A few capitalists thoucht thay could fight the
law, but had been convinced that they could
not. The law had resulted in better hours,
ay and conditions for labor, and these had
n turn been conducive to an Increased output
of superior goods. By improving the condi-
tion of the woreing classes their_product had

been increased and improv etter work
men and better machinery were the products
of better wages. There had been a large in-

crease in the exports from the United States,
said the witness, during the past five vears
Workmen in New Zealand are well organized
and the laws regarding hours of labor, sani
tation, &c., are very strict. No male under
16 or female under 18 is permitted to work {n
the factories. The men work forty-efght
hours a week and the women forty-four, having

four hours for a half holiday each week. The
education of the children is compulsory
between 5 and 15 years of age. The schoo!

year lasta about nine months, and all children

must attend school three days out of four

The attendance averages 20 per cent, more

than in the other countries

What Their Ostensible Support ef Bryan
Means.

To THe Eprtor or Tar Scw—Sir: One ob-
vious explanation of the ostensible desertion to
Bryan of such Gold Democrats as Olney and
Shepard doss not rece!ve the attention to which
it seems to me to be entitled

You may have observed that the only promi-
nent itnatances of suoh desertion are among
men who have been concerned {n practical
politics and have evident political ambi-
tions and aspirations. The explanation is,
therefore, that they are simply trying
to reéstablish their party “regularity” with
a view tothe political future, and they are the
readier to do it, I venture to assuma, becataa
they are confident that McKinley {s going to ba
elected anyway Hill belongs to the same
class Heis making a pretence of supporting
Bryan in order to save his “regularity.” Like
Olney, he has hopes for 1904.

It isa useless sacrifice of self-respect they ara
making, however, for when the inevitable reor-
ganization of the Democratic party comes after
the second defeat of Bryan, the “‘irregniarity” of
1896 and 1900 will be counted as “regular” as
the “‘regularity'’ manifested in supporting the
Bryan assault on Democracy, even if it is
not more honored. PoLtTICLAN,

New York, Sept. 19.

——

 

The Fouls on the 70's.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN--Sir: Being-very
much Interested in yachting, T have followed the
course of the Imported English skippers of the 70s
this summer, and it isa curious thing that this sum
mers racing In that class has been productive of more
fouls and protests than have appeared tn any one
season that I can remember, and fn every case one of
the Englishmen has been the skipper of the yacht in
fault,

In the Glen Cove race of the New York Y. C.,
Mineola and Rainbow nearly came together, and
Mineola got off lightly with what was practically e
reprimand.

In the Newport races Mineola made a glaring fou!
by forcing Yankee when the latter was on starboard
tack and Mineola on port tack, and for this Mineola
was disqualified.

in almost the next race Mineola and Yankee fouled
twice and the first was decided against Mineola, leay
ing the last one undecided

And now Mineola and Rainhow come together at
Oyster Bay, disqualifying Rainbow

Whether this is or is not usual in English yacht
racing, am not prepared to say, but ft eertatnly has
never happened tn this country before and It isa great
pity to have a sport spoiled by professionals trying te
eet advantage in a race by not sailing {n strict @@
cordance with the rules AMATEUR,

NEW YORK, Sept. 19

When Cousins Way Marry.

From the Lancet.

To the Editorsof The Lancet. Sirs: I have lately
been consu'ted as to whether first cottons may marry
without fear of damage, menta! or physical, to their
offspring. Tae would-be contracting parties are, as
far asl know, healthy. and there bave been no pre
vious Intermarriages between their fam les.

Serr. 4 z aCcP

‘When cousins are healthy and have no prociivity
to hereditary disease they may safely marry, but the
existence of a Strongly marked predi.position to
tuberculous or other tatnt should Prevent such mar
ringes, Marriage with consins exaggerates the ta-
fluence of heredity —Ep. L

Tae Tramp Argument.

bh rom the Chicago T

GREENVILI Sept. 11
ec ynversions in

bune

Among the mang

iond county from Bryanism to Re
Publicanism the latest reported is James Nolan, ving
Trish

in Old Ripley township. He ts of
years of age, a life-long Democrat
the jast Democratic Administration | fed two or three
tramps every day. and sometimes even more tha
that. Now ] have not seen atramp sinee the Demo
crats went out of power andif you fellows are smart
enough to keep the tramps away i'm @eing with Fou
this time."

descent
Under

 

Onaint Life in Kentacky,
From the Hazel Green Herald.
Bean hullings and apple cuttin arein © e
in this neighborhood or . ° epee Sey

tUnele Harry Swango gave bis old barn great bonor
last werk by puting anew roofon it. That ts some

improvement fant it?
Corda Bice and brother Jobn passed through here
on their way toa bean hulling at Sebern Trimbel's

last Saturday evening
_We spent Sundsy most pleasantiv with Miss Lirrie
Craft, and we had a good Gcinner too, and the way we
ag eat corn and chicken ¢ravy was a plenty

e scribe had the pleasure a few eveningsago 9
hearing Ada Williams, the peeriess musi ian an
some choice music on the organ, Her inging springs
from a voice that is clear and as it vibrates through
the alr, ft strikes the listening ear with pleasure, and
all those who have heard her play and sing have
classed ber the prima donna of this litte ag,

     
    
 
 

   
    
   

            
 
 

See eo See

+

at ete Ee

  
     
  

ac
n N
ee
lan
|
nes
oth
rovi
AZo
ain
roub
ila
band
rts
eth
aab
Visa
vil
“N
ettl
make
listu
his}
‘ot
trang
parts
tions
trave
attrad
in pae
ralliti
endt
peop
fo th
and
tenan
redue
“It
‘simp
oni
‘lon
rendel
Ale
rule,
eas
now
purpa
surg
for
out
ing
‘Taga
pects
‘tal,
‘igiou
prosa
tive
well-ff
now
the «
isted
Gove
trol,
Sealo
requl
Gove
“B
prov
eapl
polio:
ugar
‘orest
‘rade
vauo
ow oO
Meat
ectlog
sreat
Augu
Total
third
Spain,
‘eh
Keono
nave
Mexio
touch
ment
with
‘ne @
ness
rates
opera
Mani)
the O
»burde
vem,
mpor
machin
‘andr
one
but no
108 th
‘ustom
and p
“en o
Ameri
with p
Day ex;
tnflitia
“Bad
Steps
of go)
serv,
and
where