FROM THE PHILIPPE

T REPORT OF THE TAFT COMMIS-
THE PRESIDENT.

 

rips
SION MADE 10

dets Forth Facts Regarding the Islands,
and Describes What Is Needed There-After
the Election the Filipine Rebels Will
surrender—Rebetiton Is Still Kept Alive
by the Hope of Bryan's Election,

——

daly
WastINnaton, Sept. 19.- The Secretary of War
pas just nade public a cabled report from the
vhil ppine Cominisson now at Manila dated
Aug jyoo «This report was referred to by
ce President in his letter of acceptance, and
vos in reply tothe following despatch sent to
he commission Aug 17 by Seeretary Root:

rhe President wishes you to report by cable the
ews of commission on the General condition of
ae isiands as to peace and Industry; business and
nditions prevailing; progress of oppor-
for education: disposition of the people towards
“a Halted States: whatimprovement in this particu
ar. the present extent of the Insurreetion; how much
fthearch pelago is tranquil: how mueh fe still tn
vsturded state; probable continuance of guerrilia
warfare, and influences operating to prolong it; how
t can best be brought toa close; conditions and re-
julrements of civil government.

The commission's report says

“Replying to despatch, commission reports
it has for two months and a half made diligent
inte conditions prevailing. Mass of
aptitude for education, but

superstitious abd credu-

ious in a remarkable degree. Hoatility
watost Americans Was originally aroused
y absurd falsehoods of unscrupulous leaders,
Distribution of troops in three hundred posts
as by contact largely dispelled bostilii'y and
teadily improved temper of people. This im-
provement, furthered by abuses of insurgenis,
firms that large number of people long for
peace and are willing to accept governinent
oder United States, Insurgents not surren-
dering ifter defeat have divided into smal! guer-
general officers or become
idronea «Nearly all prominent Generals and
politicians of Insurrection, exoept A«uinaldo,
ave since been captured or have surrendered
and lave taken oath of allegiance,
sieve of lenieney culminating in amnesty
had marked effect to induce surrenders until
jefining of political issucs in United States, re-
vorted here in full, gave hope to insurgent
ficers still in arms, of changed policy and
ataved surrend rs to awalt result of elections
Hieturbanee in parta of island kept up and
avowed by (nsurgent proclamation and orders,

3)

evenuc ¢

 

nquiries
peopie
fe ignorant,

has

a bands whder

Pr

to influence election, do not show unfriendly
ttitude of malority of people of provinces
where they occur, but only activity of small

nsurgent bodies in mountain fasinesses whence

hey issuefor usually harmless night attacks,

murderous ambush of small Amerioan
rqcads, oor toe eollect contributions or re-
rait from people terroria;d by cutting

t tongues, cutting off | imbs, burving alive,
urder and plunder. Difficulty of detection
nable insurgents to maintainsurve llanc: over
eople even in some garrisoned towns, Uncer-
ainty as to future poucy of the United States
and defencelessness of people without arms
largely prevent then aiding Americans in
suppressing outrages. Despite these difficulties,
mantenance of status quo makes for more
peace ul con 4!l northern Luzon, except
fn Nueva Evia and Bulacan, is substantially
free from  instrgents People are busy
rlanting and are asking for munici-
pal organization Ralway and telegraph

nea froma Manila to Dasupan, 122 miles, have
tteen molested for five months, Inexcepted
nd parts of provinces of southern
anda dodze from one moun-
ther and give oceasional
alone active in leading guer-
eded in recruiting

province

i.ugon insurrecto t
to an

gtioee

tain refug
trouble. ‘I
rilla warfare, have suce
bands among the Visayans in Samar, Leyte and
arte of Panay, which maintain themselves by
method described, In Negros, Cebu, Romblon,
Masbate, Sibuvan, Tablas, Bohol and other
Visayan isands litte disturbance exists and
oivil government ls eagerly awaited,

“Near Cagayan in Mindanao, old Tagalog penal
settlement, ce nsiderable force of ladrones
niakes neighboring country dangeroua and
disturbance exists at Surigao, butin south of
this large sparsely se! tied island at Zamboanga,
Cottabatto, and other pointe, th» country
tranquil, Four yearsof war and lawlessness in
vartsof islands have created unsettled condi-
‘ions and unguarded American or fcrcigner
rave ling ordinary trails far from garrisons and

ttracting cupidity runs risk of violence even
in paced provinces, Native constabulary and
ita, which shouid be organized at once, will
ndthiaand the terrorism to which defonceless

 

is

  

eople are subjected, Natives desire to enlist
futhese organizations. If judiciously selected
ndoficered wil be eMcient forces for main-
‘nance of order, and will permitearly material
eduction of United States troops
‘It is conceded by all but men in arms and
mplied in their proclamation that if election
nfirms present policy remnant of insurrec-

on w) | disippear within sixty days by sur-

prof leaders and fading out of rank and

 

Ladrones, in part a heritage from Spanish
ule, wll continue but can be suppressed by
eases Existing insurrecto organization
now maintained with greatest diMeulty for
urpose stated, Effortis to mass enough in-
surgenta to crush one of our small garrisons
for yolitical effect, but hitherto with-
out result. Change of policy by = turn-
ne islands over to a coterie of
tagalog pol t clans will blight their fair pros-

ects ofen 1 nous improvement, drive out cap-
tal, make life and property—secular and re-
most insecure, banish by fear of cruel
proset plion a considerable body of conserva-
ive Filipin's who have aided Americans in
eell-founded telel that their people are not
“ow fit for self-government, and reintroduce
he sane oppres-ion and corruption which ex-
‘ted in all provinces under Malolos insurgent
rovernment during theeight months of its con-
rol. The result will be factional strife between
‘ealous leaders, chaos and anarchy, and will
equireand Justify active intervention of our
rovernnent or some other

B interrupted by war is much im-
Toved as peac extends, | utinvestmentof new
apital is retarded by doubt concerning the
»loy of the United States. In Negros more

 

 

ess

Warisine itivatton thanever before, New
Ofestry regulations give impetus to timber
rade:

ade and reduce high price of lumber Culti-

@Uonofricain some ;rovinces is retarded by
8 of draught cattle through disease and war.
Meatis now 15 cents a pound. Customs col-
ect ns for the last quarter were 50 per cent.
‘eater than ever in Spanish history and
‘ gust collecti thow further increase.
‘otal revenue for same period was one-
‘ird) @reater than any quarter under
‘Pan, though cedula tax, chief source of Span-
So revenue, has beem practically abolished
“Onomy and efficiency of military government
ave created surplus fund of six .!'lions
fexican, which should be expended in
‘auch needed public works, notably improve-
Nes tol Manila harbor, the condition of which,
"th consequent delay and exgense in land-

ons

  

 

"@ woods, {s a greater embargo on busi-
ess than man nearly prohibitory tariff
ates inherited from Spain and still
berative, With proper tariff and facilities
Mania will become the great port of
'@ Orient, Spaotsh revenue Jaws throwing
itden of taxation on the poor give the wealthy
ui arative ini unity. Tariff now prevents
Mportations from America of canned g& ods,

ihery acd other
evenue ¢

necessaries. Spanish ine
lefly derived from poll tax, tax

 

Us.tess, f_ hing | cense and the like,
and tay, Are tormulating laws remedy-
G the eevils, an ‘confident that by Judicious

toms laws, reasonabl: ad valorem land tax,

‘ad proper corpor tion franchise tax, imposle
'0n of no greater rate than that in t.e average
\mericin State will give less annoyance, and,
"IID peace, will produce revenue sufficient to
#¥ xpenses of efficient government, including
Ul'tia and constabulary

Bad cond tion of currency hinders business.
eps tho ld taken towar! early resumption
fodstancerd) Are preparing & ringent civil

Vrvicelaw tal opper unity to Filipinos

with preference for former

‘here qualifications are equal, to enter at lowest

eivir
Ainericans,

g eq

J

rank and by promotion reach head of depart-
ment. Municipal corporations are beng organ-
ized on popular basis, Much needed reform in
civil and criminal procedure, criminal code and
Judicial system favored by Filipino bar will be
effec'ed, Railroad franchises should at once be
éranted.

“Railroads will revolutionize life and bual-
ness in theee wonderfully rich, beautiful and
healibful tropica. islands, Forty-five miles of
railroad extension under negotiation will give
acorns to large province rich in valuable miner-
als, a mile tigh, with strict\y temperate climate
ouring tropical! diseases. Kallroad construction
will give employment to many, aud communi-
cation will Lurnish market to vast stretches of
rich agricultural lauds.

“Calls from all parts of the islands for public
scbools, school supplies and English teachers
are greater than comsnission can provide until
comprebensive school system is organized.
Night schools for teaching English to adults are
being established in response to popular de-
mand. Native children show aptitude in learn-
ing English. Spanish ia spoken by a small
fraction of the people, and in a few years the
medium of communication in courts, public
offices, and botween aifferent tribes, will be
English, Creation of central government within
eighteen months, like that of Porto Rico, under
which substantially all rights described in bill
of rights in Federal Constitution are to be
secured to the people of the Philippines, will
bring to them contentment, prosperity, educa-
tion and political enlightenment

“WiLLiaM H, Tart,
“Dean C, WORCKSIBA,
“LukE b, WRIGHT,
“HENRY C, [pR,
“Benunanp Mosss,”

CASE OF A STAR BOARDER,

He Stayed and the Husband Got Oat
listte Wife Panches the Latter,

Mrs. Bertha Myers, who is Ilving in West
Twenty-third street, had her husband Erneat
summonased before Magistrate Crane in the
Jefferson Market police court yesterday, charg-
ing that he had abandoned her. She was wait-
ing for him and when she saw him enter the
vestibule of the court she hurried out there,
too, with doubled fista and arms in the ap-
proved pugilistic position. Myers fled into
the court with hia wife in pursuit till in the
witnesses’ enclosure Was Then he
told his side of the story to the Court

‘There was a boarder at our place, Judge,
said Myers, “and he became so intimate with
my wife that when I told her to do anything
she asked him if she should. IL told her to tell
him to go, or elke I would go myself She
didn't tell him, and L went. Tam going to sue
her fora divorce.”

“You left me penniless and I had to move,”
put in the wife

“Did the boarder move too?
trate Crane

Well, he did,” said Mrs
and stout and less than forty, “but I couldn't
heip that He had a right fo go where
He's living in the same building but
not in the some quarters

"Why did he go there?”

“For company's sake, |

“indhow did you expect
your husband after such

Pag!-

he safe

asked Magis-

Myers, who Is fatr

he

chose

 

me to entertain

 

 

 

any charge against
an admission’ exclaimed the Magistrate,
tearing up the summons

‘Then T'll kill him,” said Mrs. Myers as she
left the room. “Pl punch him in the hall ”

When her husband came out she grabbed
him by the coat ‘Come here,” sald she; “I
Want to talk with you"

Myers did not want an interview and the
doorman tried to rescue him Mrs Myers

got in a back hand blow on ber husband's face
which staggered him He kept on going and
was out of sight before the woman could gt
past the policeman

NATIONAL BANK SUSPENDS,

The Sonth Danvers of Peabody, Mass., Goes
PDown—Its Condition,

Peanopy, Mass, Sept. 19.—The South Dan-
vers National Bank of Peabody has suspended.
The suspension is due to the failure of the bank
to realize on its loans. There have been heavy
withdrawals of deposits recently. The bank at
its last report showed assets of about $500,000

The bank j.as been doing business as a Stata
and national bank for seventy-five years. Its
President is Willlam P. Clark, who has held
that place for twenty years George M. Foster
is cashier. The capital stock is $150,000 and

the surplus by the recent return was $68,000
The Habilities of the institution on mp 35, as
shown by a report to the Comptroller, are
Capital stock, $150,000: surplus and undivided
profits, $70,463 *6, circulation, $50,000; due to

 

 

 

 

other national banks, $15,449 89: due depositors,
$2 “14: borrowed money, $18,276 96; total,
$625,719.85

The affairs of the bank have been placed in
the hands of National Bank Examiner Irving
B. Sayles

GOEBEL ELECTION LAW REPEAL.
The New Measure Reported to the Legislature
in Session in Kentucky.

Frankrort, Ky., Sept. 19—The Committee
on Suffrage and Elections to-day made its re-

port on the Joebel law repeal to the House
of Representatives. The report is signed by
elght of the twelve members. It reports a

bill providing for a State election commission
composed of one Democrat selected by the
party authority, one Republican selected by
the Republican party organization, to act wit
the Clerk of the Court of Appeala as an ex-officio
member. The county boarda are to be com-
posed of one Democrat and ome Republican,
recommended by the county committees to
act with the Sheriff as an ex-oflictlo member
The bill confers judicial powers on the county
and Stite conunissioners

A minority report will be presented to-morrow
by four of the committee agreeing in the main
with the majority report, but omitting the
section granting judicial powers to the boards.

 

NEW NORTH GERMAN LLOYD BOAT,

Princess Irene Ran [nto the Texas Storm on
Her Maiden Trip.

jerman Lloyd steamship

finished her maideo

Cherbourg to this

Thursday

The new North
Princess Irene, which
voyage from Bremen and
enoountered

 

port yesterday, on
and Friday last the cyclone that ravaged Jal-
vestop. She was delayed nearly a day breast-

She made the trip in 8 days
She will ply hereafter between
Chinese ports. She is a steel
twin acrew of '0,000 tons gross, and ia fitted
with quadruple expansion engines of %,000
horse power, which are expected to give her
a peed in pleasant weather of 174 knots. She
Nas acconimodation for 800 first cabin, ‘v0
second cabin and ',500 steerage passengers

ing heavy seas
and '5 hours
Jerman and

 

SOILED BANK

Brooklyn Man Asks the Health Board if Their
Reissae Can't Be Stopped,

A letter was received by the Board of Health
yesterday from Henry Pennie of 62 Schermer-
horn street, Brooklyn, complaining of a serious
menace to the health of the commmunity in
the fact that “the banks and the General Gov-
ernment are refasuiug bank notes which have
been passed from hand to hand until they are
in an actually Althy condition and are the
means of conveying contagious diseases from
one to another.” Mr. Pennie wanted to know
if means could not be taken whereby the bank
billk might be ealled in and new and clean bills
be substituted. President Murphy directed
that the letier be sent to the Treasury Depart-
ment

DANGER IN NOTES,

 

Won, Too, and Arrested the Operator for Ran.
ning the Machine Over-Fast,

flarry Burhans , an employee of the General
Carriage Company, was arrested on Central
Park West vesterday afternoon for running
his automobile too fast. A bicycle policeman
hailed him at Seventleth street and told him
to slow Up. Burhans still went ahead at full
speed with the p Hiceman in pursuit. The
policeman won at Seventy-ninth street, 4
woman who waa riding with Burhans jumped
out as soon as the automobile came to a stop
aud boarded a trolley car.

Sleep Walker Killed by a Fall.
Sr. Lovrs, Mo, Sept. 1%-Wohn Muehlsein,
48 years old, residing at 4334 Clayton avenue,

walked off the roof of lie house in his sleep
a this morning and fell forty feet to his

 

early

deat!

4s to Lots, Plots or Farms
Readers of Tek SUN always know when a
good thing is presented, Let them know what
you have to offer by using the advertising
volumne idv,

 

en een nen ene Tem Bea

  

|
|

|
|

THEMES OF THE THEATRE,

MR. BRYAN'S MISTAKE ABOUT THE
SUFFERINGS OF THE ACTORS.

 

 

The People of the Stage Are Carrying Full
Dinner Pails These Days— News Notes
About American Players and Other In-
terests in London~Miss Millard's Exploit.
William J. Bryan says: “The actors euffer

from the theatrical trust.” Mr. Bryan should

have said instead that the theatrical trust !a “a

monster of such hideous mien that to be hated

| needs but to be seen,” that it ls a beast of prey

 

 

to be hunted down and killed; that it is anything
and everything abhorrent; but he made a blun-
der both ways when he departed fromm the
safety of general denunctation and went into
particulars. Ills assertion will hurt his own
cause, if it aflects any votes al all, and help

that of his enemy. Every one in stage-
land kuows that the actors do uct
suffer from the dozen or more
so-called trusis which control much of the

theatrical business in this country They have
never been employed in greater numbers nor
paid higher wages. Their work is of a better
average in art and morals than ever before
‘They get public and private esteem more nearly
in accordance with their professional and per-
sonal worth
tuake with them are almoat always kept, aud
the exceptions are never with members
any of the various trusts. The old-time uncer-

tainties as to the duration of engagements

and the regularity of payment, which
were matters of course under the for-
mer methods of often  conscienceless

and usually careless management are seldom
encountered, Oh, no, Mr. Bryan,

plause of audiences, and shrunken hearts among
those who do not. They are baving a gener-

ally easy Ume nowadays, with short hours of

labor, their nauies on trustworthy payrolls,

and such & sureness of full rewards for ex-
ceptional achievement aa few other vocations

offer. These are facts readily ascertainable,
The stage in America has been growing
prosperity ever since it began to
nated by the same principles
conunand in commercial

Art cannot
money basis
progress,
theatrical trusts are bent on pecuniary profit,
That is their chief purpose. To achieve it
they make and sell costly stage shows
of these are highly commendable, only a few

respect business

flourish

are reprehensible, and all must be diversion
worth the prices asked, or else the public will
not buy it. These conditions make steady

work and good wages fortheactor. lis dinner

pail is full, Mr. Bryar

 

London {s theatrically ative again, and some

of this activity is of Interest to Americana
“Sweet Nell of Old Drury,” one of the Nell
Gwynne playa now on the stage there, was first
written by Paul Kester of New York and used
awhile by Rhea ona Western tour. Margaret
Anglin bought it from Rhea's heirs. The ver-
sion brought out in London was made over by

1 Hartley Manners, an Englishman. Sir
Henry Irving's theatre the Lyceum, is to be
given over to a Season of realistic modern
melodrama in his absence lhe piece
will illustrate South African warfare to
the glorifeation of the British army and

so, when Ja ob Litt produces it in this country
it may have to be revised in deference to the
Boer sympathies of the multitude, The first of
the Chinese plays acted in England ts “The
Yellow Terror,” consisting of a single act depict-
ina an attack by Boxers on the British legation

Pekin. Mabel jilman, whose moderate
worth in New York extravaganzas was fol-
lowed by a London rise in valine, after the
manner of Edna May's experience, has had
a real row with the management of “The Casino
dirk.” At first it was rewarded as an ordinary
Casino fake, or at most a trouble arising from
the non-payment of wages, but it turned out
to be a genuine quarrel, which began at a rehear-
sal and led to Miss iiliman's retirement
from the company. Her place is sald to have
been filled satisfactorily by Marie George
Although Cissie Loftus ia to become professions
ally legitimate soon in Daniel Frohman's com-
pany at Daly's, she does not disdain a farewell
to London in music hall mimicry, which now
includas some American subjects strange to her
alidiences, but said to ba acceptable. Madge
Lessing, now with Francis Wilson in “The
Monks of Malabar,” fs under engagement for
the principal boy part io the next Drury Lane
pantomime. Mra. James Brown Potter is keep-
ing herself in London print with a dispute
whether David Belasco had made a gi't of
“Madame Butterfly” to her for Australia, or had
sold it at a price. ‘The Academy of Dramatic
Arts produced last winter rather more of

in

Tolatot's drama, “The Power of Darke
ness,’ than a New. York andience
could stand in comfort. The author lately

modified the bestial indecencies of the play
with a Berlin performance tn view, but the
censor forbade even the expurgate version,
It was scarcely polite in Sarah Bernhardt, after
having accepted a free box from which to see
the Japanese actors, to quit the theatre before
the performace was over and then say for
publication: “They act like monkeys,” But
ier criticism was not inapt, if the Ortental
playera had not improved since their appear-
ance in this city,

Charles Frohman has decided to follow the
engagement of “The Rose of Persia” at Daly's
week after next with another English musical
piece, “San Toy,” which has had more than
a year’s run in London. An American com-
pany will act it. The title role will be taken
by Marie Celeste, and another important part
by Minnie Ashley, James Powers will play
a Chinaman, the principal comedy role

The cast for “The Cipher Code" has just
been completed, and besides John EF. Kel-
lard, it names principally Caroline Keeler,
Frank Mordaunt, J. M. Colville, Emmett
King, Harry 81. Maur, Fleanor Barfy, Catherine
Ears, and Kate Vandenhoff

Edward Sothern now commences the evening
performances of “Hamlet” at 7:45 o'clock, so
as to end at a reasonable hour, An excep-
tio: al thing was the second night's enthusiasm
at the Garden, Monday all the audience stayed
five minutes after the play applauding Mr.
Sothern and demanding asneech, which he
sensibly refused to make. Not since Mande
adams's memorable « yeinent at the Em-
pire as ./uliet, has an American actor been 80 come.
plimented on other than a trst night

Richard Mansfield has deeided to delay his
production of “Henry V." till Oct. 3, as some
scenery rehearsals will be necessary. _ The out-
fit of “Hamlet” will net be taken out of the Gar-
den until Sunday afternoon, and the settings
of “Henry V. “are ao heavy that the public show.
ing could oot be made the next night

fille Fdouln ts coming from London with
“Florodora,” at the Casino on Nov 12 Ada
Reeve may come over to enact the part that
she played in the original English production,
Edna Wallace Hopper, who has gone abroad
to see “Florodora,” will be in the cast

New Yorkers are to wet ari-to rats in musi-
calgemedy. The Gay Grisette” will have Lady
Francis Hope and the Earl of Yarmouth.

Amy Ricard has been engaged for a part {n
‘J@nice Meredith.” She gained some favor-
able attention as a substitute for Bertha Gal-
land In “The Pride of Jennico” last season.
Hedwie Lange, the new leading actress of
the Irving Place etock company, will make
her firat appearance tn this country on Sept.
in “Der Tugendhof,.” which will be the

  
  

20
opening play o the German — season.
Peene Canfield has commissioned Kenneth

Taa te write a vaudeville sketch, Henry
Miller fa {dle in town by reason of a bad throat,
and Edward J. Mor@an ts his substitute tn
“The Only Way" on its tour, Maurice Barry
more wil not bein “Becky Sharp” with Minni>
Maddern. Fiske this season, James Young,
an American, who made a Shakesnearean tour
last season, but ia unknown to the New York
stage, ia to take Martin Harvey's place in Henry
Irving's London company

Boy Named as Co-respondent.

Mrs Mattie BE. Montfort is being sued for
absolute divorce by her husband, Frank H.
Montfort, principal of the schools in Bay Side,
1. 1 Through her attorney she made appli-
cation yesterday to Justice Garreteon tn the
Queens county Supreme Court for a detailed
statement of her alleged miadoings An
eigiteen-vear-old boy named Foster, who was
a companion of Mrs. Monttort's brother, is
named as the co-respondent, Justice Garret-
on granted the application

 

 

Starvation Driving Him to Hold Up Folks,

Adolph Class was arrested last night in Hous-
ton street for taking hold of passersby and
fiercely demanding money. In the Mulberry
street police station, where he was locked up,
he declared that he had come from Chicago
and had been here a week. He had $1.10 when
le arr ved, he said, but he had had nothing to
eat for the last three days and hunger had
made hin desperate

Within (he City Limits, States Island,

Its transit and other facilities asaepot for a home
will be treated on in Sunday's SUN.—Adp

The contracts which managers

of

The actors
are pot suffering from anything worse than
enlarged heads among those who get the ap-

im
be domi-

which
better than on a sound

Capital is essential to dramatic
The men who are associated in the

Many

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  

  

CORBETT CABLES HIS WIFE.

Loving Message From the Absent Pagilist Not
Reciprocated,

Yesterday Lawyer Abe Hummel of the firm
of Howe & Hummel, counsel for Mrs. James J.
Corbett, made public a copy of the following
cable despatch:

Vera Corbett, Toby's saloon, Thirty firet street and
Broadway, N. ¥.: Stories about womaag false, Come
over bere quick, darling. WIll prove tt; love you
only. Answer Jim, Hotel Cectl.

Sept 18, 1900,

“Here ts a statement from Mrs, Corbett,'' sald
Mr. Humme), “and it explains her position,"

“George Considine, Mr Corbett's manager
and his companion on his trip to Europe, ts
quoted as having sald’ ‘Jim will be pleased if
his wife does sue Everybody knows her sort
When Jim left the room in which Mrs, Corbett
wason his way to the fight with MeCoy, his wife
screamed after him: “1 Lope he bits you in the
head and kills you.”

“Surely Mr. Corbett’s cable message to me
is, to say the least, slightly inconsistent with
Considine’s assurance that Sim will be pleased
if Il sue; or why should he cable me in the en-
dearing tnanner expressed in his cable message?

“Considine’'s statement as to my remark
when Corbett left is also, to say the least, very
questionable, and it more than verifies what
1 have said, that before Mr, Corbett left for
the fight he had a last interview with Eddie
Burke, at which Mr. Considine was present
and at which the final arrangement of the
Oopapirn y to rob the public was culminated,

“My counsel, Mr. Hummel, has in his pos-
session the youchers of checks which tell the
story of the amount depostied by Mr. Corbeit
to fulfill his part of the understanding, and
when the proper time arrives (his entire vil-
luiny will be amply proven °

“When | married Mr. Corbett I did 80 to
avoid the very uolotiety which he himself
has brought about, and our understanding was
that 1 should leave him if he ever met with
defeat. Since then, he haa suflered defeat
from Fitzsimmons, Sharkey and Jeifries; not-
withstanding which I remained with him,
suffering all sorts of ill-treatment and abuse

“His excuse that when he left America
his departure was known to Ine is on # par
with his other statements. It is absolutely
untrue. Why he should have engaged bis
passage on a kuropean steamer under the
assunied name of Martin and paid for the
passage of another woman under the same
name, both sailing under the sare alias, is
beyond my comprehension, unless it was for
ulterior motives

‘His entreaties now that he will prove me
his love make him all the smaller in my eyes
1 have only contempt for him, and 1 will never
forwive him

“It was only recently I learned that he re-
talned an attorney by the name of Hofiman
to employ private detectives who shadowed
me during the past two months, | This was
done with a view that I, without his knowing it,
should take no legal steps to attach the re-
ceipts of the fight and the moneys he received
for his share of the betting which was mude
a surety by MeCoy's willing assent to ‘lay
down’ in the flght. Mr. Corbett undoubtedty
felt ] would take some action to protect my-
self, and hurriedly left this country to avoid
personal service of papers on him. J am a--
sured, however, by Mr. Hummel that the
New York courts will protect me in my con-
Jugal rights, and that any trans'er of his prop-
erty with a view to defrauding me of my rights
will not hold good.

‘His cable message is absurd. I have nov
answered it, and will not condascend to enter
into any further parley with him, T purposely
did all [could to prevent his knowing my where-
abouts, knowing he had sent additional mes-
sues to Mr. Toby to be sure to find me and
get me to withdraw my divoree suit, but
propose to have nothing more to do with Mr
borbett. and have the fullest confidence I will
succeed in my suit against hit,”

 

ART, WHISKERS AND LOVE.
The First Two Didn't Satisfy Samuel Pashky,
bat Mary Millal Filled the Bill.

The courtship of Samuel Pushky, crayon
artist of 159 Ridge street and Mary Millai of
196 Ridge street ended ina runaway marriage
in the Essex Market police court yesterday.
Pushky came here from Poland about eighteen
months ago with the intention of winning
fame in his chosen profession, but like many
another artist, he found it hard work. Hts
specialty was crayon portrait making but
he had lots of trouble with his customers’ whis-
kers. Sometimes he would work for days on
a picture for a Hester street merchant, only
to have it rejected because the whiskers looked
as thouahthe wind was blowing through them.

Ach mein Gott,” he was driven to cry toa
friend one day. “Is dot all dere is to art in
this coundry anyway bud viskera?”

But about a year ago Pushky founda picture
that wasart. It was the faceofayoung woman
with dark eyes, dark hair, fat cheeks and a
prominent nose. |

“Such a peautiful girl,” he remarked to the
owner of the studio, “I couldt lofe a girl liag
dot.’

“She lif aroundt here sometere,” sald the
studio man

Pushky borrowed the picture, had an en-
largement printed on canvas and began to put
in the black where is waa needed. fie worked
with an enthusiasm born of love and when it
was finiched he told one of his fellow artista
that he must have been inspired,

“Id isso natural,” he said, “dot I gan almosdt
see her dringing a @lasa of peer

He determined to find the girl, present the
cravon to her and then ask her hand in mar-
riage. He sought till he found her. She was
bending over a sewing machine ;

“Mein neautiful girl,” said Pushky concealing
hue emotion, “gan J * your plgture?

“Vat vill it cosdt?” ‘aske! the beauty

“Nottings,” he said

“I vill taig id,” she answered

She gave hin a photograph and the next
day he returned with the crayon and a pro-
poxal of marriage

“L vas stug ou your
you,” he said

“f am stug on you now,” she responded,
and the pair were then and there engaged
That lasted two months, then as the girl's
cousin with whom she lived forbade the match
they planned an elopement. She stole out o
the house vesterday morning and both ran to
the Fasex Market police cour

“Marry us kervick, marry us kervick,” de-
manded Pushky to Roundsaman Casey of the
court squad, as breathless, they entered hi
room. Casey heard their story and hurrie
them before Magistrate Mayo who tied the
knot {n short order. There were many wit-
nesaes but only Casey, the protector, was al-
lowed to kiss the bride

LIVING WITH A BROKEN NECK,

Holbrook Mann Brought From Maine to His
New Jersey Home-He May Recover.

Onanor, N. J., Sept. 19.—Holbrook Mann, son
of Rev. Charles H. Mann of 155 William street,
Orange, has been brought home from the Port-
land, Me., hospital, where he has been since
Tuesday, Aug. 7, being treated for a broken
neck. The young man received his injury while
diving at Bailey's Island. It was thought at
firet that Mr. Mann could not recover, bu! it is
blieved that he will. He wos taken homeina
Jong, hamper-like stretcher, mode comfortable
by pneumatic mattre-ses and pillows

plgture before I sees

 

 

 

Arrested for Assaalting a Boy.

Peter Grexer, who lives at 241 Richardeon
atreet, Greenpoint, a German 49 years old, was
arrested last evening charged with assaulting
Jobn Butler, 7 years old, of 01 King:land
avenue, Several boys, among tuem Bu ler, an-
noyed Grexer luesday afternoon, and it is al-
lewed that the Germ in threw the Butler boy to
the cobblesto.e pavement, fracturing his
ekull. The bov iain acritic condition, Grexer
will be arraigned te-day In the Ewen street po-
lice court.

 

Suspended City Employees Want 854,000

Fiack Pay.

Richard V. Croker, a foreman, and eighteen
cleaners and painters, all of them employed by
the Department of Pubile Buildings, Bled notice
with the Comptroller yesterday that they had
brovght sult against the city to recover back
pay for two years, during which they were un-
der suspens on in the old Departmentof Publio
Works. Toey sy thelr suspension was illegal
and they want $54,000

Man's Body Found in the East River.

The body of a man about 40 years old, nearly
@ fet tel and weighing 180 pounds, was
found in the East Kiver yesterday near the new
bridwe pier atthe foot of South sixth street,
Wi iiamabure. The man had dark hiir anda
smoot: face and wore era’ checked trousers,
blue stockings with re! stripes and low tan
shoes. The body wastakentothe Morgue, It
had been in the water about two weeks

To Restrain Standard Distilling Company.

Chancellor Magill of New Jersey will hear
arguments to-day at Elizabeth on an order to
show cause why the Standard Distilling Com
pany sho ild not be restrained from hold ng its
annual meeting and election of officers in
Jersey City in Octoner, on the al.ewed ground
that it bas illegally become a purt of the Djsti!-
ling Company of Atnerica stockholder ap-
pears a» the plaintifl in (he proceedings,

 

 

 

THE SUN, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBEK 20, 1900.

SS gS
—————— ee

  

 

OS

ONE BROOKLYN CHURCH SAYS
ANOTHER 18 LURING ZHUBM AWAY,

NG ITS CHOIR BOYS.

 

Rector Babbitt of the Choreh of the Epiphany
Alleges Thut the Cathedral at Garden City
Tempts the Boys From His Chotr by Muk-
ing Offers of Higher Pay and Carfare.

The reotor and choirmaster of the Church
of the Epiphany, at McDonough street and
lompking avenue, Brooklyn, have @ peculiar
grievance against the choirmaster of the Epis-
copal Cathedral at Garden City. The Church
of the Epiphany employs a male choir which
includes both men and boy goices. For some
time it has been the custom of the choirmaster
to seek amall boys whose volces were begin-
ning to develop and train them for the church
choir, Now the rector and choirmaster con-
plain that the boys, who have cost them montis
of training, are lured away to the choirs of other
churches. “Choir-boy pilfering” they call it

The church which Rector Dean Richmond
Babbitt accuses is the Cathedral at Garden
City, Dr. Babbitt does not accuse any one
in particular there because, he says, he is re-
luctant to mention names, but he intimates
that a strong inducement is held out to the
choir boys by some one with authority to act,

“Don't get the idea that I believe Bishop
Jitdejohn knows aught of the practice,” said
Dr. Babbitt yesterday. “The Garden City
Cathedral is his church and Garden City is
his home, to be sure, but 1 ami positive that
he is entirely ignorant of what is going on
Boys and young men who are singers of ubility
have been induced to leave us before this,
but last Sunday an entirely new method of
persuasion was used. ‘he a@ssiatant choir-
master of the Garden City Cathedral stood
before the door of our chureh while the choir
boys were coming out from service and of-
fered them more money than we were paving
them to go to Garden City. He also offered
lu pay therm their railroad expenses both ways
Our choirmaster is highly ineensed over the
eccurrence, ashe has apent much hard work
on his boys and has brought them to assist
in the make-upof one of the best boy choirs
in Brooklyn, We do not propose to have our
best boy singers epirited away without a vie-
orous protest, IT shall certainly make a com-
plaint to the Bishop.”

 

The choirmaster of the Cathedral, W. J
Woodcock, was surprised and indignant when
he heard of the charge. [lo knew, he said,

that it was not directed at

“Tt ia all news to me,” he said
dark as to what it all means, I never stooped
to such questionable inethods to obtain sing-
ers for our choir, I know nothing whatever
about any attempt to induce the Brooklyn
choir boys to join the Garden City choir, We

him personally,
“lam inthe

do bot wantany of them, anyway, for they are
not good enough. If Dr, Babbitt thinks he
has a grievance why does he hot either call
upon me or write to me? I deny that I have

the slightest connection with the affair

PROF. 1ANGDELL TO RETIRE.

Dean of the Harvard Law School Compelled
to Give Up Active Work,
CamMpBnipor, Mass., Sept, 19—I1¢t was an-
nounced yesterday that Christopher Columbus
Langdell, for twenty-five years dean of the
Harvard Law School, and for the last five
years lecturer on contracts and equity in that

|

|

|

institution, would no longer take an active part |

in the conduct of the school. For

years Prof. Langdell's eyesight has been failing
so that be has been unable to read ordinary
print. He has been accompanied to and from
the school by his secretary, All of Prof, Lang-
dell's lectures, 80 & bulletin in Austin Hall
announced yesterday, will be conducted this
year by Prot, James Harr Ames,

Prof. Langdell is probabiy the most widely
known of the law teachers in this country, He
was appointed professor of law iu the Har-
vard Law School in January, 1870, and was
made dean in the following September, At
that time there were no exami!nations for ad-
mission or for a degree With his accession
to the headship a new era began. Prof. Lang-
dell ia best known for the case system which
he originated and introduced into law schools,
by making books of selected cases from which
the student was taught to draw the principles
of law. ‘This system is now in use in the Uni-
versity of Cincinnati, the University of New
York, and Oxford, England, in part and the
University of California. In 1805, the twenty-
fifth anniversary of Prof. Langdell’s connection
with the school, a celebration was held in Cam-
bridge, to which carne leading jurists from all
over the country. Prof, Langdell is now 74
years old

several

 

 

HELD FOR A DIAMOND THEFT,

 

Jerseyman Said to Have Got Away With
$2,475 Worth of Jewels on Memorandam,

Abraham Wolburg of 65 Second street, Jersey
City. was arrested at the Vanderbilt Hotel in
Forty-second street late on Tuesday night by

Central Office Detective Weller on a charge of
stealing from Joseph Lassner, a diamond dealer
of 24 John street, four loose diamonds, valied
at $1.100. Lassner asserts that he gave the man
the diamonds on memorandum, Later, he says,
Wolburg received an additional quantity of
jewelry, worth $700, Lassner charges that the
goods have never been accounted for. Wol-
bure@ was located at the hotel by Isidor I.aasner
of 68 Nassau street, a brother of the complain-
ant, who, it {s said, also trusted Wolburg with
Jewelry valued at $675. In the Centre street
solice court yesterday Magistrate Cornell held
fim in $1,500 bail for further examination,

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC

THIS DAY.

Sun rises 5.44 / Sun sets 6.03 | Moon risea.. 2.47
HIGH WATER=THIS DAY
Sandy Hook. .5.20| Gow I'd. 5.52) Hell Gate....7:45

Arrived—WREDNESDAY. Sept 18

8s Mafestic, Smith. Liverpool, Sept 12.

Ss Princess Irene, Wettin, Bremen, Sepe @.

Ss Noordiand, Loesewlte, Antwerp, Sept 5.

Ss Bremerhaven. Ninnes, Antwerp, Sept. 5,

Ss Pinner's Point, Glodstone, Leith, Sept 1.
Ss Beacon Ligh’, Matthews, London, Sept. 1
Ss Talisman, Herg, Trinidad, Sept 4.

Ss Mozart, Ellis, Santos, Aug, 10

Ss Seneca, Decker, Tampico, Sent, 12.

Ss Mt. Vernon, Falsen, Port au Prince, Sept 4
Ss Uller, Kars, Port Maria, Sept, 12

Ss Hamilion, Boaz Norfolk, Sept. 14,

Ss El Norte, Gardner, New Orleans Sept 15,
S¢ Benefactor, Swain, Philide!phia, Sept 14.
Ss Manhattan, Bennett, Poriland, Sept 14

Ss City of Philadelphia, Curry, Baltimore, Sept.
Ship Helene, Kohisaat, London, July 21

  

17,

ARRIVED OT,

Ss Maasdam, from New York, at Rotierdam

Ss St. Louts, from New York, at Southampton.

Ss Teutonic, from New York, at Live pool

Ss Labn, from New York, at Southampton

Sa Minneapolls, from New York, at London.

Ss Empress of India, from Youobama, at Van-
couver.

SAILFD FROM FORFIGN PORTS
8s Oceanic, from Liverpool for New York
Ss Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, from Cherbourg for
New York.

OUTGOING STFAMSHIPS
Sail To-day.

Matla Close. Vessels Sail

 

 

 

   

  

   

 

 

La Lorraine, Tlavre 630AM 1NOOAM
Fuerst Bismarc’, tamb'g. 600 AM 1000AM
Barbarossa, Hremen....... erseee 200PM
Cienfuegos Santiago .... 100PM 200PM
Coleridge, Hracil. .. OOOAM 200M
Prima, Yucatan ..........5 LOO PM 300PM
Securanca, Havana 100PM 3S00PM
E! Rio, New Orleans. ...66  eeeees S00PM
Troquols, Charieston so00oPM
Sail To-morrow,
Colorado, Brunswick .... Oeesee 2.00PM
Sail Saturday, Sep. 22.
Lucania, Liverpool........ 1030 AM :00P M
Stavndam, Rotterdam... S00 AM 1000AM
Kalser Wilhelm iI, Naples 100 P M s00P M
Astoria, Giastow. . «- -1O00AM 1290™M
Laurentian, Glasgow... vOOAM
Mesaba, london es 0ste QOOAM
Grat Waldersee, Hamburg S39P M
Athos, Jamaica........... 1000AM 1200M
Adtrondack, Haytl.. + 1OOOA M 1200M
Poiladeiphia, Porto Rico. 10009 AM 1200M
Mexico, Havana. . ILO} AM 100P
Fluminense, North Brazil, 300 P M s00P
Curityba, Matangas. 100P M so00P
Seminole, Charleston ....++ ‘ 200P
Proteus, New Orleans a00P
E! Monts, New Oneans... 300P
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS
Due Today
Pocasset ovesd cece ces CUBRATIAT. 0 00seese 2
Panama ‘ea eve .» Bordeaux 4
Thingvalla. oversee Rotterdam... 6
Kemtuck¥.seceee se .. Hamburg... ce
Kaiser Wilhelm IL. « Gibraltar 10
Birla... ee St. Lucta.........-§ , a8
Hudson Colon sees 11
Seminole Jacksonville... 17
St. Cuthbert. Antwerp A
Brooklyn Ci Swansea » ©
Col -rado.. Hull corccoos Ome 8
Bulgaria... «+ «+s Hamburg..........Sept. 9
Due To-morrow.
Istand . Christiansand .... Sept. &
Hisnania Settin sore 4
Hevellus..... St. Lucia Sept. i4
Madiana.... St. Thomas Sept 15
Due Saturday, Sept. 32
Deutschland. . Hamburg . Sept 15
St Paul . Southamptos Sept. is
Tmbria Liverpool Sept 1S
Chess peake...- » Avonmouth Sent #
Paraeuse Para. Sept iv
Due Sunday, Sev. 25
la Gascogne Havre Sept. 15
Menominee Tandon Sept 1
Philadelphian Liverpool sep
Due Monday, Sem. 24
Sardinian Giasgow Sept. ia
Exeter City . Swansea Sept it
Marengo Newcastle Sept 12
Cevk Sereses beens Liverpool ° Sept. 24
Bl PASO ccereeescereees oe NeW Orleane Sep. iv

SREEES

 

Do boys wriggle their toes
more than men? Or is the kind

  

|
|
|

of leather ordinarily used in |

boys’ shoes an “easy mark” for
wriggling?

Our boys’ shoes, whether for
little or big boys, are as good in
every detail as our men’s shoes
—have been frequently known
to outlast two resolings!

Sizes 11 to 2 apring heel, 12 to 2 with heel, $1.78;
244 to 544 with heel. 82,

Everything else boys wear

from toe to top, and just as good, |

Roeers, Peet & Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and ¥ Warren St
5460 Broadway, cor. Prince.
1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 64 West 33d SL
Denne eee EEE

VANDERBILT+FRENCH WEDDING,

We Gill orders
by mall.

It Will Take Place, It Is Said, in January and
at Newport.

Newport, R. I, Sept. 19.—It ts said to-day
that the wedding of Miss Elsie French to Mr
Alfred G. Vanderbilt will take place at New-
port the first week in January and that it will
be a very modest affair. No official announce-
ment has been made or can be obtained as to
the wedding, but the news comes from those
who are close to the interested persons. ‘The
wedding, it {¢ understood, will be quiet, and
will take place at “Harbour View,” the villa of
Mrs. F. C. French.

It isa little over a vear since the death of Mr
Vanderbilt, and in view of this fact there will

be no pretentious wedding A wedding tak-
ing place at Newport in January could not be
looked upon as a society event, as none of the
cottawers remain here #0 late, but it would ur
doubtedly bring a large attendance from New
York. It is alxo said that Mrs. Cornelius Va
derbilt will not return for the wedding,
that the young couple will join her abroad liu.
mediately after the wedding

pmiIfnibD.

BATES.-"At Bay Shore, I. 1, on Tuesday,
Sept 18, iv00, suddenly, Willlam Arnold,
beloved son of William G. and Amy RAR Bates,
aged 6 months

Funcral service at the residence of the parents, Bay
Shore, on Thursday, Sept. 20, 1900, at 3 P. M.

FANCOX.—On Monday, Sept 17, 1900, Joseph W,
Hancox, In his S8th year.
Funeral from the residence of his daughter, 35 West
124th at, on Thursday afternoon, Sept 20, 1900,
Interment at Greenwood at con-
Stonington, Conn, papers

 

at3:39 o'clock
venience of family
please copy.

JONES.—At East Orange, N. 1. on Sept. 19, 1900,
Samuel C. Jonea, tn the 82d year of his age.

Funeral services at his late residence, 26 Munn

av., East Orange on Saturday, Sept 27, 1000, ou
arrival of train leaving New York city at 2.30 P.
M, DL &W RR

MORRIS.—At bis residence, Mount Fordham, Mor-
tis Heights, this city, om Wednesday, Sept 19,
1900, Lewis G. Morris, in the 03d year of hie age.

Notice of funeral hereafter.

PLUMB.—At Stockbridge, Masa, Sept. 19, 1900,
Charlies Hempstead Plumb, aged 78 years; for
thirty years proprietor of Stockbridge Mouse and
Red Lion Inn.

VAN VALKENBURGH.~At his home, Ridgewood,
N. J, on Sept 17, 1900, Watson Van Valken-
burgh, in the 72d year of his age.

Puneral from his late residence, at 10 A. M., Thurs-
day, Sept. 20, 1900, Relatives and friends are
invited to meet train which reaches Jersey City
ati2:32 P. M. Thursday Loterment at Ever-
green Cemetery.

Tre KEASICO CEMETFRY.—Private station.

Hariem Railroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the

Grand Central Depot. Office, 16 East 42d at

           

Few Publications,

C.—Man With the Hoe, Jack Hatkaway, Tom
Jones, Hogarth's Pictures PRATT, 161 6th ay.

9]

   

  

€ olleges and Schools.

&iloung Men—city & Country

nnn nee

For Boys

IRVING SCHOOL (BOYS), L. D. RAY,

NEW BUILDING, 36 WEST 84TH STREET,
Open Sept. 27th, Mr. Ray now at school
Primary, Intermediate and Collegiate grades Indi-
vidual work under professional teachers.
Classes average cigbi.
Seventy graduates fitted successfully for college
since | Su0, Year Book on request

THE SCHOOL OF

COMMERCE, ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE
OF NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
OPENS OCTOBER 1}, 1000.

For ANNOUNCEMENT, containing all informa:
jon, send postal to “Registrar of University, Wash

The Barnard School,

117 and 110 West 125th Street,
Kindergarten Through High Senool Pr to

15TH YEAR BEGINS SEPT, 20
HAZEN, B.A. & K., He
FE. LYON, B. S., Associate Head Master,

BEDWICHT SCHOOL

15 West 440 Street, New lore City.
Bist Year opens Sept. 26th,

High class pera school for boys from 7 to 29
years of a ndividual attention given boys whore
education been irregular, Large faculty. Labor
atoiles Gymnasium = Athletics.

Annual catalr fue will be sent on application to
ARTHUR WILLIAMS. B. A., Principal.

 

 

    

   
 

 

  

KINGSLEY SCHOOL [at *iourcecn.
Individual training to healthy, manly. cultured self.

mastery. Ideal location tn pill country, 22 miles
from N. ¥. Cicy. Residence new, roomy: all peuere
ments Office hours, Tuesday, 0-12 A. ML. oom
32.70 Fifthave. Send for booklet to

J. R CAMPBELL, Box G, Basex Fells. New Jersey.

 

Collegiate School,

241 WEST SEVENTY-SEVENTH ST.,
REOPENS MONDAY, OCTOBER 1.

| Mr. Mygatt wiil be at the schoolhouse daily, ® to 12

| Rebert @. Syms

and 4 to 6 o’eluck,

SYMS SCHOOL.

. William ©, Simmons.
APPLY FOR CIRCULAR.
22 West 45th Street,

PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY COLLEGE

Chester, Pa, 50th year begins Sept, both.
Degrees in Civil Engineering, Chemistry, Arta Also
Thorough Preparatory Courses. Infantry, Artillery
and Cavalry Drills
order,"’—U, S. WAR DEPT.

Ca gues of Col. C

AMILTON INSTITUTE,

45 West Sist &t.. Manhattan Square, North,
RE-OPENS SEPT 27TH
Por information or i a address

‘

W. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M. A., Principal,
BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN,-62d TEAR,
THE INDIVIDUAL THE BASIS.
Special advantages for saving time in preparation
WM. J. BETTS, M. A. (Yale) Baincial
EXPERT EDUCATION, Backward youths and
unsuccessful for college entrance received by expert
tutor (married) of long eaperience, in his pleasant
home.at Morristown, N. J Success fuaranteed. Num
ber limited. Highest recommendation. For etreular
and terms apply (o TL PENN, Morristown, N. J

 

 

 

    

EB. HYATT, President

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

"He RECTORY SCHOOL, New Milford, Liteh
field Co, Conn, Address Head master, Harvey

bB. Taylor, formerly of Pomfret Conn

S Everest M.A a gpeediagtliyes
Reference by permission: Mra W 1

Patroness of Ingleside S 5 Som

 

 
 

        

   

Colleges and Schools.

NO eee

For Boys & Young Men-—City @& Country.

Senftner School,

13 ASTOR PLACE, NEAR BROADWAY,

Academic Department,
Prepares for all leading uiversiies, new eystem
of instruction, Two years’ course,
For academic catalogue address
HU. F. Senftner, A.B, M. D., Pris,

Regents,

29th Session Begins October 1, 1900,
OLDEST, LARGEST, LEST EQUIPPED and
Most SUCCESSFUL seiool for Reg its instruction.

   

This school has successfully prepared thousands
of Law, Medical, Dental and other students for
KREGENIS' EXAMINATIONS and for OOL.

LEGES. For catalogue contatiing IMPORTANT
NOTICH, PLAIN FACTS, GENUINE SUCCESS IN
REGENTS’ EXAMINATIONS, oddress

GW. Senfiner, A. B., LL. B., Seeretary.

Madison School, New Jersey,

ooN. | & N.Y.R. RK cbraneh of Erle). 24 miles out,
Winter session opens October 10th Number of
bourders limited to twenty
Age, from 12 yeats
Work, private tutoring with the advantages of

schoo! associations
Curriculum, preparatory Columbia applied

sciences
Physical Culture, Horsemanship (every pupil his
horse), Fencing and field work
Factlittes, loboratoies, Workshops and ample
Grounds beautifully situated. New buliding.
G. vou TAUBE, Prinotpal.

THE LOYOLA SCHOOL.

N, W. Cornet of 83d Sircet and Park Avenue.
Under the Direction of Fathers of the Soctety of
Jesus. Opens Monday, October Ist
Preparation throug) Grammar and Aca
demie Departments, Day pupils only; number iim
ited: classes of ten hulding new and fireproof;
gymnasium; equipments modern Tultlon $300,00
verannum. For prospectus eid particulars apply to

ice Principal, Rev. WM. J. ENNIS, 8. J., 080 Park

Avebue
N. N. McKINNON, S. J., Prinotpal.

RUGBY MILITARY ACADEMY

West End Av. and S4th St,, Manhattan,
Preparation for all Colleges. I’rimary Department,

MONT VALE,

to

 

 

 

College

Milltary optional to sentor Day, Spectal and Resi
' dent Students. Twelfth year begins Oct Ist re
liminary instruction Sept 7th, Telephone 1260

Hiverside for illustrated catalogue.

BERKELEY SCHOOL, 435 Madison Ave.

Twenty-first year begins Oct. | Speetal attention

to preparation for Harvard, Yale, Columbla and
Princeton, with opportunity for rapid advancemen
New fireproof butldings=Armory, Gymnastum

Swimming Pool, Laboratories,
Eight boarders received into teachers’ families
JOWN Ss, WHITE, LL. D.. Head: aster.
OMce-hours of Head Master and Kegistrar, 9S
dally.

 

For Girls & Young Women-City & Country.

The Cambridge
School for Girls

Familiarly called
“The Gilman School”

The teachers are trained specialists

"Lhe classes are small

The laboratories are complete

The buildings are suons

The playgrounds are ample

The School alms to develop the best type of woman
hood that refinement and intellectual training can
produce. The fdeal ts the highest, and no detallis
too small forthe personal attention of the Director,
MH ARTHUR GILMAN

Bach course ts sulted to the stage of the pupil's ad
Tancement, and pot the pupil to the course

The Resident pupils are provided with such earefil
and kindly attenuun as @ mother desires for a daugh

 

, ter when away from home

ices apm dedeiineaiediaeinneci

The place in which The Cambridge Setool is eatal
ished possesses caceptional advautages for tnstru
Won and cultivation

In the ninth census of the United States, Cambridce
stands at the head of the Iist of ecltles arranged ao
cording to their healt! fulness

The year begins on September 27.

Introduction required

‘The Manual describes the School.

Nos, 34 and 36 Concord Ay,, Cambridge, Mass,

~ The Veltin School for Girls,

College Preparation. Number of pupils imived to
twelve in each class
Fire proof building. Elevator
160-162 WEST 74TH STREET. ~

For Youas Men & Women—City & County.
Regents’ Examinations

CENTRAL
PREPARATORY SCHOOL

18 AND 20 FAST 42D. ST., near Madison av.
PRINCIPAL—W. W. SMITIT, B.A. (founder and
late principal of N. Y. Preparatory School). A large
corps of expert instructors. Day or evening sesstons.
Classes or private work. Thorough preparation for
all Colleges, Professt nal and Scient!file Schools, and
for the U. S. Government services.

FALL TERM BEGINS OCTOBER I, 1900,

24 and 24 Count Courses, $2); bo Count, $80; 48
Count, $4), One fee untt successful.
Office open daily, inciading Saturdays.

REGE .IS’ EXAMINAT ONS.

Oldest, tare st, best equipped school preparing
students for Regents’ examinations

Forevery ONE student prepared elarwhere this
school has S!t CCKSSFILLY prepared FIVE.

Bown sexes. Agesfrom 7 to 55. Classes; private
lessuns, Courses cover rejnirements for College,
Scientific or Professional Schools

New day andevening terms begin Oct Ist, 1990

1S West 45d St., New York,
200 Joralemon St,, Brooklyn,

Business Colleges.

NEW YORK BUSINESS INSTITUTE,

The leading School of Business tu Greater New York
Prepares thoroughly for practical work and obtains
situations for all graduates of Complete Commercial
Course Day and eventr t Call tor Catalogue or
write toClement ©. Gaines, Mt. Morris Bank Dudding,
125th st., New York, N. Y.

‘ ~
Annual Free Night Class,
Personal Registration required before Oct. 16
Eaclusively for those employed dally. Apply 0-4
7 & Professional course dally, @ A. M, to4 P.M
Stenographys and Lypewriting Praining Scnoot,
United Charitles Bidg., 105 FE. 22d st., Room 215.

Long Island Business College

1453 to 140 Sonth Sth St., Brooklyn.
The business training Schvol of to-day fur young
men and young women
DAY AND EVENING SESSIONA
HENKY ©, WRIGHT, Prinelpal

WALWORTH INSTITUTE,
108-110 EAST L25TIE ST,
20-35 WIS? 42D s1
Short, practical courses, day atid evening, tn Book
keeping, Stenography. Typewriing, &c, Ladies’ Le
partment, Prospectus free,

 

 

Kissick’s Business Institute,

“A military achool of the highed |

+ Yor. Monday, Oct

|

|

|

|

45 49 Ashland P!., Brooklyn. A thorough, prar

tical business education: modern methods; Book

keeping, Stenography and Typewriting, $10 to $20
perterm. English. Classics, Higher Mathematica

THE MILLER SCHOOL

St. James Re 1133 Broadway,
SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING.
DAY OK EVENING. CIRCULARS NO VACATIONS
“No Better School at Any Price.'’

   

STENOGRAPHY, | THE PAINE UPTOWN
TYPEWRITING, BUSINESS SCHOOL,
TELEGRAPHY, | 107 WENT 441H ST...
BOOKKEEPING Cor, Brondway

English, Correspondence, &c, Day and Evening

RATT INSTITUTP, BROOKLYN, N. Y, wal
Fall termn begins Sept 24

Law Schools.

es

NEW YORK i Day School, 55 Nassau St.

Fvening School, 0 West l*th S!
LAW SCHOOL ‘ “Dwight Method" of Instruc-
tion. LL.B. in two years; LLM. tn three years
Send for catalogue GEOKGE CHASE. Dean

Schools of Languages. TT
STERN'S
School of Languages of N. Y. City
FREE CLASSES IN FRENCH

Given by Prof. FB. CAVALIER, will commence. New
ist, 8 P.M. Hrookiyn, Woanes
doy, October 34,8 P.M. Apply at once ‘or registra
tion, New York °7 East 44th St.. Mondays and
Wednesdays 4 0PM Brooklyn, Fridays, &¥ P.M,
177 Montague at

 

tm OF re FST PRO mt TAL eM of
\

cnne

“oN LN G VAGE rl

\ “= VELASCO SCHOOL S
aa Scrntamr sv Re LS

5
Gornanos Altos, Tenor» and Rassos wanted for
toe Volunteer Chorus of the Ethical Soctety. For
admission apply to Mr. SAM FRANKO. al East
A4ih street, daily between A h

 

RHODS

 

 

Musical.

 

na7 ‘

 

Schools of Physical Calture,

OR. SAVAGE GYMNASIUM
sw. dorm se. Normal School of ean:

308 W. Sth St. Education,
Blevente Seas) Bewoprn = Circatara