ESS

VOL, LXIX.—NO. 109,

ON HIS WAY,

 

PRINCE HENRY

ONE PRIVATE DINNER HERE, AT
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT'S.

‘hic at the Request of the Kaiser as a
Cowpiiment to Mrs. Vanderbilt —The
Prince Cheered by a Large Crowd as
the Krerpring Wilhelm Bears Him
Away From Kremerhaven—His Party
Has Sixty-five Trunks and Cases,

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sun.
ReemeRHAVEN, Feb. 15.—Prince Henry
of Prussia and his suite boarded the North

German Lloyd steamship Kronprinz Wil-

helm here this afternoon, and at 4 o’clock

the start for New York was made amid
the cheers of a large and enthusiastic crowd.

Prince Henry arrived at Bremen from
Kiel at 12:40 o'clock and breakfasted with
his suite in the Prince’s chamber of the
especial train at the terminus. By special
request there was no official reception at
Bremen except by the Prussian Ministers.
The offer of the Bremen Senate to attend
in a body was refused in order to save time.
There was no crowd at Bremen.

The Prince and his party arrived here
at 8 o'clock, and found a large crowd await-
ing them. The marine band, which ac-
companies Prince Henry and will give
concerts on board every day, was playing
when the Prince arrived.

Prince Henry waited in the saloon of the
North German Lloyd's wharf until the
Kronpring Wilhelm moved alongside. When
she was made secure he and his suite went
aboard. As they did so the Kronprinz
ran up the German fag. The Deutschland,
which was drydocked alongside of her,
wan gayly decorated, as were all the other
ships in the harbor.

The passengers’ special train had arrived
at 1 o'clock, and all were aboard. There
were 204 first-class and 200 second-class
passengers. Every berth was engaged.

Promptly on schedule time the steamship

' steamed out and in farewell the band played:

Muss i’ dann, muss i‘ dann Zum Staedtell
hinaus,

Und du, mein Schatz, bieibst hier.

Prince Henry will wear plain clothes
throughout the voyage and will dine in
the reserved part of the dining saloon at a
table which seate twelve. Capt. Richter,
who replaces Capt. Stormer, who is ill,
gives his cabin to Prince Henry.

The Prince’s party had sixty-five trunks
andcases. Many of them contained presents
for Americans. The Miner is equipped with
wireless telegraph apparatus.

PRINOE TO DINE WITH VYANDERBILTS.

Admital yon Baudissin made public

the fact that he had received
a despatch from the secretary of the Kaiser
ordering him to convey his and the Em-
press'’s sympathy to Mrs. Robert Goelet on
the recent death of her daughter, Beatrice,
and to place a wreath on the grave of the
young woman. The Emperor and Empress,
as well as Admiral von Baudissin, met Mrs.
Goelet at Kiel a year ago, and before that
they had met her while she was cruising
in her yacht Nahma in Norwegian waters.

It was also made known yesterday that
| some time in the course of his visit Prince
Henry will dine at the home of Mrs. Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt, Jr. This he will do at
the especial request of the Kaiser who
met Mre. Vanderbilt as a guest of Mrs.
Goelet on the Nahma. The dinner en-
gagement besides is in accordance with
the wish of the Kaiser that the Prince ac-
cept the hospitality of a representative
American family.

Mrs, Vanderbilt was Miss Grace Wilson,
daughter of R. T. Wilson of this city; Mrs.
Ogden Goelet is her sister and Cornelius
Vanderbilt is the eldest son of the late
Cornelius,who was the eldest son of William
H., the heir of his father, the Commodore.
The family lives at 608 Fifth avenue,

THE ADMIRAL LIKES OUR SHIPS.

The Battleship Ulinois Is a Marvel, He
Declares.

Admiral von Baudissin of the Hohen-
vollern made his official call on Rear Ad-
miral Robley D. Evans vesterday after-
noon, shortly after the latter had raised his
flag on the battleship Illinois off Tomp-
kinsville. The German Admiral had such
a good time on the Illinois and was so inter-
ested in looking the great ship over that he
stayed more than an hour, which is some-
thing quite new in the official call line.
The formalities of most official calls are over
in a very few minutes, and the caller gen-
erally loses no time in taking his departure.
In this case the German Admiral threw
formality overboard, and not only split a
bottle of wine with Admiral Evana, but, after
making a tour of the battleship from stem
to stern, he made glad the heart of her com-
mander by declaring that she was one of
the finest products of marine engineering
be had ever seen.

Capt. Clifford West, Admiral Barker's
aide, called at the Hohenzollern at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning on the Government tug
Narkecta to take the German Admiral
down to Shooter's Island to see the Em-
peror's new yacht and afterward to the
Iinois. On behalf of the commandant
of the Brooklyn Navy Yard the Captain
tendered the Admiral the use of the Nar-
keeta while he is in these waters and the
Admiral accepted the offer.

The splendid lines of the Illinois attracted
the eye of Admiral von Baudissin as the
Narkeeta approached Staten Island. Ad-
miral Evans's pennant was flying, and the
German Admiral said that he thought if
it would not disarrange matters he would
like to make his call on the way down. This
suited everybody, and so the Narkeeta
made for the battleship. Admiral von
Raudissin was greeted with a salute of
\hirteen guns. Admiral Evans personally
conducted his t through the ship. The
German said it was the first American
battleship that he had ever been aboard
He saw the New York at Kiel, but she is a
cruiser, He thought her a pretty fine
warship, but dec that the Illinois
one < massed § perenene or

! e earn uest of / 1
Raudissin Admiral Evans ome
accompany the party to Shooter's Island
No social preparations had been made at
he island for the reception of the guests
except that the gangplank thrown out to
the Narkeeta was decorated with German
and American flags. A. Cary Smith, the
designer of the Meteor, and Robert E. Tod
Commodore of the Atlantic Yacht Club
end owner of the schooner yacht Thistle
ined the party at the island and accom-
panied it on its inspection of the Meteor,

Admiral von Baudissin was impressed

=

 

 

Palm Leach, Miamt and the East Coam of
Plerida. =

  
  
  
  
 
  

Pernacylvania and Southern Ry. Su.
‘ioe, quickest time, Immediate connectiva: porites
lining and Sleeping Car service. The route of the
Southern Palm limited. N. Y¥, oMces, 271 and
iss Bway. —Ade,

 

naw,

SEWANEE OM GOBBET: —A¢0

 

| were found in good condition.

KS

  
  

 

with the appearance of the Meteor and
praised her builders and her designers

without stint. @ the entire
shipbuilding plant the y went into
the offices of Townsend & Downey, where
a luncheon had been laid. Admiral Evans
toasted the guests of the occasion and

then offered this toast to the Meteor:

“Here's to the Meteor, and I hope she'll
win every race she ever fe into, except
when she meets an American boat.”

The German Admiral laughed and drank
to the toast. ‘hen at the invitation of
Commodore Tod the party went aboard
of the Thistle, which during the coming
ceremonies at Shooter's Island is to be the
headquarters of the ce and of Presi-
dent Roosevelt, if the President attends
the launching. The Thistle is a fine big
schooner yacht.

It was after 2 o'clock when the Admiral
left Shooter's Island and returned to Ho-
boken. Admiral Evans was put aboard
the Illinois on the return trip and the others
were landed at Pler A, this city. Admiral
von Baudissin had scarcely reached his
cabin on the Hohengollern, when Mayor
Lankering of Hoboken was announced.
The Mayor, accompanied by two other
city officials of Hoboken, had come to return
the call made by the Admiral on Friday.

Other callers during the afternoon were
representatives of various German societies
and business houses. In the evening the
Admiral dined in this city with friends
and later went to the Irving Place Theatre.

To-morrow Admiral von Baudissin expects
to go to Philadelphia to visit a relative
there. To-night he and the officers of
the Hohenzollern will be dined at Sbherry's
by Consul-General Binz, While the officers
of the imperial yacht are having such a

ood time, the crew is not suffer from
ack of attention. Two hundred of them
went on shore leave for twenty-four hours
yesterday and everywhere they went they
were royally treated, H. H. Vreeland of
the Metropolitan Street Railroad Com-
pany sent on all the Metropolitan
ines to the officers and crew of the yacht
yesterday.

ig ed Low is not expected to call at
the Hohenzollern again. After his disap-
pointment on Friday, when he reached
the yacht after the Admiral had left for this
city, so many things were said that yes-
terday the Mayor gave out this statement;

The Mayor, accom by his secretary,
Mr. Reynolds, Called on A mir von Baudis-
sin yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock. Owing
to a misunderstanding on the + of the

ayO® no arrangement as to the hour of
the visit was made in advance. The Mayor
re that he should have failed to meet
he Admiral, but desires to say, that the
fet, such as it was, lies wholly with the

ayor.

The earlier formed plan which provided
for the transfer of Prince Henry from the
Kronprinz Wilhelm to the Hohenagollern
when the liner reached the lower bay has
been abandoned. Instead the Prince will
remain aboard the steamer until she
has been docked at the south side of the
Recreation Pier at the foot of West Thirty-
fourth street. On Friday the Hohenzollern
will be moved from Hoboken to the north
side of the pier. Upon the arrival of the
steamer at the dock the royal visitor will
merely have to step across the sixty feet
or so of the pier's breadth to the vacht.
After he has Poarded her the yacht will
woreee to the anchorage marked out for

er in the North River. The Recreation
oe will be given up exclusively as @ land-

place for the launches of the Hohen-
zollern.

Admiral Evans will board the Kronprin2
when she reaches quarantine and will re-
main with the Prince until he goes on board
the Hohenzollern. The moment the Prince
steps on the deck of the yacht the German
roye! standard will be run up on the main-
mast. oy maeae of telephonic communica-
tion to established between the Ho-
henzollern and the at Tompkins-
ville, information of the raising of the
standard will be sent immediately to the
latter and a national salute of twenty-one
guns will be fired.

 

BARCUS BEATEN AGAIN.

 

Putnam County, Ind., Gives Congress Con-

|

 

vention Delegates to Holliday.

INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 15.—The mass con-
vention of the Republicans of Putnam
county, which was called to select delegates
to the Fifth Congress district convention
which will meet at Green Castle on Tues-
day, was interesting to-day by reason of
the sharp contest between the friends of
James 8. Barcus and Congressman Holli-
day. Many of the students at Depauw
University rallied to the support of Barcus,
and in Green Castle township he had a
vote of 132 to 52 for Holliday, but in the
convention the Holliday men had a majority
of two to one and named all of the thirteen
delegates from the county, thus giving
Holliday the solid vote in the coming con-
vention,

A trick of the Barcus men was to hire
all buggies and wagons in one outlying
township, but when this was learned the
residents walked to the convention and thus
defeated the plan to keep them at home
Frank and Prestiss Tiley, well-known
Republicans of ay, county, the home of
Congressman Holliday, have started a
movement to ignore the resolution by which
Holliday got the privilege of naming his
own delegates, but it is not believed that
it can make much headway against the
sentiment in Holliday'’s favor.

There are open charges that money 1s
being used to break Holiday's delegation
in his own county. One of the delegates
declared that he was asked how much he
would take to control the Harrison town-
ship delegates, and two other delegates
report that they have been approached
with offers of money.

WIRELESS MIX-UP.

Locania Got German From Hohenzoliern
While Talking Englishto the Kalser.

There was a wireless mix-up yesterday
between the Cunarder Lucania, the North
German Lioyd steamship Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse and Kaiser Wilhelm's vacht
Hohenzollern. The Katser Wilhelm waa
at her West Twelfth street pier, the Lu-
cania was going out to sea and the Hohen-
zollern was at Hoboken. All are equipped
with the Marconi apparatus, and all ap-
parently “attuned.”

Operator Kroncke on the Kaiser had been
talking with the receding Lucania's opera-
tor some time when German words began
to click themselves out on Kroncke's
instrument. He knew he had the Hohen-
vollern. The Lucania's man also caught
some of the yacht’s message, for he sent
this back to Kroncke: “Don't talk German;
I don't understand it.”

When the Lucania was well out to sea
Kroncke picked out the German words and
found them to be: “Come over and see
me at 4 o'clock, ”

VAULT IN THE RUINS OPENED.

Securities Worth a Million Dollars Found
Uninjured,

Paterson, Feb. 15.—Former Attorney
General Johr W. Griggs, President of the
Paterson Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
watched the opening of the big steel vault
of that institution this morning. The
bonds and other securities in thes vaults
are worth over $1,000,900. The vaults
The con-
tents apparently uninjured, will not be taken
out until Monday. Four armed men are
now guarding the ruins.

About $10,000 worth of clothing and furni-
ture have been distributed by the Central
Kelief Committee to the sufferers. The
fund is now over $26,000.

 

 

ae & Metropolitan Limited

via Seaboard’ Air Line et dally solid

wiman train belween . Pork og Frorida.
Tvations at 1453 Broséwey.—Aeer.

b

     
 
 

EE
cee SS

 

CUBA'S CASE FOREMOST AMONG
THE THINGS CONSIDERED,

 

President Tells Party Leaders Plainly That
We Should Keep Our Pledges to Cuba
-—It Was Agreed That the War Tax
Repeal Bill Be Passed in the House
on Tuesday and Then the Question of
Cuban Tariff Reduction Will Come Up.

Wasutnaton, Feb. 15.—President Roose-
velt's recommendations for tariff con-
cessions to Cuba, submitted in his annual
message to Congress, will be acted upon
during the coming week. As soon as the
bill abolishing the internal revenue war
taxes shall have passed the House on Tues-
day afternoon, in accordance with the
special rule that will be adopted to-morrow
for the consideration of the bill, the Re-
publican members of the Ways and Means
Committee will hold a conference and
agree upon a programme for framing and
passing a Cuban Tariff Reduction bill, This |
programme was agreed to at a White House
conference this morning between the Presi-
dent, who called it, and Speaker Henderson,
Representatives Grosvenor and Cannon
and Senators Platt of Connecticut, Spooner,
Aldrich and Allison,

President Roosevelt told these Senators
and Representatives during the talk, which
lasted for an hour and a half, just how
important he thinks it is that the United
States shall keep its written and unwritten
pledges to Cuba and said in language 60
plain that it could not be misunderstood,
that he had not weakened in the slightest
degree since sending his message to Con-
grees in December. Some one had reported
him, he said, as being willing to compromise,
but there was nothing for him to compro-
mise, in view of the fact that all he wants
is legislation that will relieve Cuba's cry-
ing distress and make good to her the
implied promises of the United States.

Before this had been accomplished the
legislative situation in the House was con-
sidered and the President was especially
anxious for information as tothe programme
for passage on Tuesday of the bill abolish-
ing the war revenue taxes. The Speaker
and Representative Grosvenor explained
to him the rule that would be adopted on
Monday, setting aside that day and the
next for debate on the bill and providing
for a vote at 4 o'clock on Tuesday, with no
opportunity for the introduction of amend-
ments, except such as might be reported |
from the Ways and Means Committee.
The President was inclined to regard this
rule as somewhat severe, but when its
parliamentary necessity was explained to
him he agreed with his callers that it is
the only rule that would fit the case.

The President was told that the report
of Representative Tawney, the Republican
whip of the House, shows that there would
be a majority of at least 25 for the adoption
of the new rule, although it is feared that
a few Republicans, under the lead of Rep-
resentative Babcock of Wisconsin, may
refuse to vote for the rule, being disgruntled
at the recent action of the Ways and Means
Committee in refusing to accept the Bab-
cock tariff reduction bill as an amendment
or to accept any suggestions as to general
tariff changes. It is possible that Mr.
Babcock may change his mind before
Monday and vote for the rule as desired by
the President and four-fifths of the Re-
publican party in both Houses of Congress.

Another important matter was decided
in the conference which involves a change
from the plan of the Republican leaders
as informally agreed upon some time ago, |
This is that the Senate will accept the bill |
abolishing the internal revenue war taxes

|
}

as it passes the House, with only euch un-
important amendments as may be found
desirable when the bill is under considera-
tion by the Finance Committee. The
House plan to wipe out all of the war taxes
will be agreed to and the attempt at tariff
chan or tariffdebate will thus be check-
cated. It was the unanimous opinion of
those who conferred with the President
to-day that there is every reason why
there should be no tariff legislation at this
session, and there will be none.
As to the precise form of the bill reducing |

the tariff on imports of Cuban products
into the United States there is still much

uncertainty. Some of the Republican
members of the Ways and Means Com-
mittee are averse to supporting any bill
of this kind. At least two of the gentle-
men who were at the White House con-
ference represent so-called beet-sugar
States, and they say that to lower the duty
on Cuban sugar would be to ruin the beet-
sugar industry of their constituents.

fi view, however. of the earnestness of
the President's recommendations that the
appeals of Cuba be heeded, and accepting
the advice of their perty colleagues in the
Senate and House, these men agree to stand
by the programme of enacting a bill for
Cuba's relief, The work will taken up
as soon as the War Tax bill is disposed of
on Tuesday, and it is probable that as soon
as the terms of a bill are decided upon a
apecial rule will be adopted for its con-
sideration,

There are as many plans under ad-
visernent as there are members of the
Ways and Means Committee. Represent-
ative Dalzell, for instance, a member of
that committee, is at work upon & proposi-
tion involving a revival of the bounty

rovisions of the McKinley Tariff law,
he bounty to be peid to the American
producers of beet sugar to compensate
them for the estimat losses on the re-
duction of the duties on the product im-

yrted from Cuba. The ablest and most
nfluential men in both houses of Congress,
however, denounce the proposition for a
bounty as absurd and impracticable, and
predict that it will never be seriously con-
sidered,

In the Senate on Monday Senator Cullom,
ohairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, will call up in legislative seasion
the renty for the purchase of the Danish |
West Indian Islands, and will endeaver |
to secure its ratification before adjourn-
ment. If he fails, the treaty will probably |
be laid aside temporarily and the con-
sideration of the Philippine tariff bill re-
sumed. Senator Lodge, in charge of this
measure, hopes that on Tuesday the Senate
will fix a time for taking a vote and that it
will be before the close of the present
month

SHOT AN INNOCENT NEGRO. |

 

Mob Kills a Man by
Vengeance for a Murder.
Feiron, Ky, Feb. 15.—Last night a

mob went to the cabin of Bill Dooley, a
negro, who resided with his wife and five
children on the bank of the town branch, |
and dragging him from his bed with a |
rope about his neck, bound him to a tree
and fired several bullets into his body

The members of the mob are not known
Nor is it known positively why they killed
him, Several days ago a negro named
Johnson shot Night Watchman Grady
and badly wounded him, making his escape.
It is believed by many that the mob mis-
took Dooley for Johnson. The negro popu-
lation is much agitated

Mistake— Wantea

 

To the Southwest via Atianta and Montgomery.

One day tn Atlanta, using Seaboard Air Line
Ry.'s train 27, known as "Seapoard Past Mail,”
leaving W. 23d Street Ferry, P. R R., 12:10 A. M.
Gleeper open 10 P.M. Office, 1183 Uroadway.— Ade.

 

Florida—Nassau— Thomasville—Charleston Ex-
Position.

“N.Y. & Fla. Special" 210 P.M. Also ®;

SF M. Atlantic Coast Line, 1161

A.M.
way.

 

 

 

BOER MISSION TO US,

Delegates Sail From Boulogne Under
Assumed Names.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

Tne Haavur, Feb. 15.—Intelligence has
been received here from Boulogne to
the effect that among the passengers
who sailed from there yesterday on the
Holland-America Line steamship Rotter-
dam were Messrs. Wolmarans and Wes-
sels, Boer delegates, and Dr. de Bruyn,
Secretary of the Boer embassy. They are
travelling under the respective names of
Annacker, Aridt and Wormstall. They are
going to the United States with a mission
different from that of Dr. Miller, who
went in a private capacity.

Lonpon, Feb. 15-—-A news agency des-
patch from Brussels says Dr. Muller's
mission to the United States is being much
discussed in Boer circles. He is travelling
under an assumed name. The greatest
secrecy is maintained in reference to the
contents of the letter he is taking from
Mr. Kriiger to President Roosevelt, but
it is freely acknowledged in responsible
Boer quarters that Kriger has not ap-
pealed for intervention or similar action.

It is stated that Mr, Krager simply ex-
presses regret at his inability for the present
to congratulate President Roosevelt on his
accession to his office. It concludes with
allusions to the many invitations to visit
America he has received and still continues
to receive from American citizens and cor-
porations.

Dr. Miller besides placing the Boer
propaganda in America on a new footing,
will endeavor principally to secure the
prohibition by America of the exportation
of articles regarded by the Boers as contra-
band of war and will also try to secure
from the United States Government a
statement of its opinion on the war in South
Africa,

Dr. Miller's efforta are supported by
wealthy Boer sympathizers in Europe and
great hopes are built on the resulte of his
mission

RIOTERS KILLED IN TRIESTE.

Troops Again Fire on Strikers--Stx Dead

—To Prociaim Martial Law.

Apectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Vienna, Feb. 15.—The etrike situation at
Trieste, where 25,000 men are out because
of sympathy with the dock laborers em-
ployed by the Austrian Lloyds Steamship
Company, has become more acute. The

 

 

 

| strike has not been terminated notwith-

standing the fact the Board of Arbitration
conceded the demands of the workmen
for higher wages.

There were renewed oonflicts to-day
between the people and thesoldiers. The
latter fired into a crowd near the Ponte
Rosso Square, killing six and wounding
thirty.

The authorities will proclaim martial
law to-morrow.

300 BODIES FROM THE RUINS.
Many More Probably Killed by the Earth-
quake at Shemakha.

Special Catle to Tas Sun.
. Perznssvaa, Feb. 15.—The latest
despatches from Shemakha, Transcaucasia,
confirm the reports of the alarming extent
of the earthquake which overwhelmed
that flourishing town.

Already 300 bodies have been taken
from the ruins and hundrede more are un-
doubtedly buried in the vast piles of wreck-

 

Violent oscillations continue and impede
the work of rescue.

The victims are mostly Mussulmans.
The survivors are encamped outaide of what
remains of the town

AMERICAN LINE FOR ITALY,

 

Company Proposes to Bulld an Electric
Road From Rome to Naples.
Spegtal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Rome, Feb. 15.—The American Westing-
house company has promoted a bill for
the construction of an electric road be-
tween Rome and Naplés. They guar-
antee to cover the distance, about 118
miles, in two and a quarter hours. The
journey now ocoupies six hours.

AFTER DUTCH EAST INDIES?

 

 

Romor That We Have Sounded Holland
on the Subject.
Spectal Cable Despatch te Tae Sux.

BraminouaM, Feb. 15.—The London corre-
spondent of the Birmingham Poet says the
belief is expressed in certain diplomatic
quarters that the United States through
Stanford Newel, the American Minister at
The Hague, recently sounded Holland as to
her willingness to dispose of the Dutch
East Indies.

POPE'S MESSAGE TO ROOSEVELT.

Expresses Hope for the Quick Recovery
of the President's Son.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Feb. 18.—A despatch from
Rome says the Pope has sent a cable mes-
sage to President Roosevelt conveying
hia sympathy on the illness of his son and
expressing the hope that he will soon re-
oover.

MRS. DAVIS BROKE DOWN.

She Wept When Presented to the Legts-
lature of Mirsissippi.

Jackson, Miss., Feb. 15.—Mrs. Jefferson
Davis visited the Legislature to-day.
Shortly before noon she entered the House
leaning on the arm of Senator Gaye, an
old friend of her husband. He introduced
her in an affectionate speech.

 

 

 

 

Mrs. Davis occupied the Speaker's stand |

and did her best to reapond to the cordial
welcome that had been extended in behalf of
the people of the State, but her voice choked
and she burst into tears. She would have
sunk to the floor had not Speaker Russell
and Lieut.-Gov. Harrison supported her
toachair. She did manage to say between
sobs that the name of Mississippi was
dear to her and that she loved all its people.

Legislators, State officials and hundreds
of citizens crowded around to shake hands
and wish her well. Mrs
refer to the sale of Beauvoir nor did
any one publicly, but there is tacit under-
standing Lhe sale is to be made at $10,000
for a Soldiers’ Home in a few days. She

left to-day for Vicksburg and will go from
there to New Orleans and thence to Beau-
voir

 

Allan Liner Grecian Abandoned.
Hawrrax, Nova Scotia, Feb. 16.—The
steamer Grecian of the Allan Line, which
went on the rocks in this harbor several

' days ago, has been abandoned and will

be sold at public auction on Wednesday.

 

Texas, Mexico and California, The Southern
Route
via P. R. R., Southern Ry., A. & W. P., W. of Ala-
bamse, L. & N. The route of the Sunset Limited
Annex car. N. ¥. oMoes, 27) and 1186 B'way.—Ade.
Antedilevian Rye.
wherever we” is considered.
Per case ow Jagee Cotten, $00. Luyties Brota -
ets, N. Y.—Ady¥.

Davis did not |

DID SUGGEST A JOINT NOTE.

BRITISH AMBASSADOR NOT UN-
FRIENDLY, 'TIS EXPLAINED.

 

 

Almed at Preserving Peace Between Spain
and This Country, but His Govern-
ment Disapproved the Pian—Charge
That President MoKiniey Suppressed
a Spanish Offer of Concessions Untruc.

Special Cadle Despatch to TaR Sun,

Lonpon, Feb. 1$.—America will find con-
siderable food for cyniciam as well as amuse-
ment in the development of the Anglo-
German quarrel over the diplomatic his-
tory of the Spanish war, especially if the
dispute spreads to other items then pro-
posed in the ante-bellum notes. The whole

bble has now reached a point of un-
seemly diplomatic indiscretion, which is ac-
counted for only by the fact that eminent
raons both in Berlin and London have
their tempers. So far as the American
people are concerned they have no reason
to desire this rancor to cool until the dis-
closuré has gone considerably beyond the
present limits, for anger is the best ally
of truth under some circumstances.

It must be said that to-day'’s develop-
ments put quite a different complexion on
Lord Pauncefote's action from what ap-
pene in light of the first declarations in

is behalf. There is no reason to doubt

that Mr. Smalley, the correspondent of
the London Times, has spoken in behalf of
the Ambassador. Indeed he all but says
so in a series of despatches to the Times
to-day.
It is admitted by Lord Pauncefote's
spokesman that the British Ambassador
was the author of the note quoted in Baron
von Holleben’s despatch to the German
Government and that he was personally
in sympathy with the terms of that note.
Mr. Smalley's language on this point is:

“Beyond a doubt, Lord Pauncefote be-
lieved that the Spanish note of April 10
contained concessions of such a nature
that the United States might reconsider
ite resolve for war. Beyond a doubt he
thought that President MoKinley was
wrong in believing that he had the support
and approval of the civilized world. Be-
yond a doubt he desired peace as Mr.
McKinley did, and felt himself justified
in doing what he could in concert with his
colleagues to preserve the peace. All
this he admits and affirms.”

Viscount Cranborne’s statement yester-
day tends to confirm the view that lord
Pauncefote personally favored the pres-
entation of the note in the terms quoted
by Ambassador von Holleben and prac-
tically intimates that the home Govern-
ment overruled him. What becomes then
of the British charge of misrepresentation?
The only point remaining is who called
the meeting of April 14, but this ia no longer
of the slightest consequence. Neverthe-
lees, the professions of indignation by the
British press, even in Mr. Smalley’s de-
spatch containing the foregoing, are as
strong as ever.

It is not necessary to say that the latest
version of the disputed episode does not
imply the slightest unfriendliness on Lord
Pauncefote’s part toward the United States.
Americans as well as Englishmen know
that this country needs no defence from
such a charge. His suggestion was an

YORK, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1902,—Copwriont, 1002, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

WHITE HOUSE CONFERENCE,

=e ie eps piageeapareansictnseci
a a SS SS

|
|

SoNDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1902,
Fair to-day and to-morrow; fresh

 
 

THIRTY-SIX PAGES.

 

Incorporated tn South Dakota With Names
of New Yerkers Not to Be Found.

Prerre, 8. D., Feb. 15.—Articles of incor-
poration were filed in the office of the Secre-
tary of State to-day for the Northwestern
Industrial Company, with a capital of 900,-
000,000, with offices at Pierre and 28 Broad-
way, New York. The incorporators are
Thomas B. Besant, Mortimer Metzger,
New York; Oscar Nelson, Pierre.

The directors are George H. Thayer,
Boston; Samuel A. Kimball, Newton, Mass.
Samuel L. Chamberlain, Horace Winans,
Edward D. Stree, New York.

The purpose of the corporation is to
construct abattoirs and to handle all kinds
of meat products and by-products of the
same.

No. 26 Broadway is the Standard Oil
building. There is also a barber shop there
and a number of tenants unused to $900,-
000,000 deals. Two of the New Yorkers
named in the despatch are in the directory as
living, onein a two-story building in Sixth
avenue which is a store downstairs and an
employment agency upstairs and the other
in a house now vacant.

HIS TRUST FOR HIMSELF VOID.

Gouverneur Paulding, 2d, te Get the Prin-
cipal, Not the Income.

Gouverneur Paulding, 24, has ob-
tained judgment in the Supreme Court
on the report of J. Campbell Thompson
as referee declaring a deed of trust which
he executed when he camo of age on Aug.
9, 1808, invalid. Under this deed he put
$43,800 with the United States Trust Com-
pany for ten years. He was to receive
the income and at the end of the ten years
tho principal was to be paid to him.

He says he was unacquainted with busi-
ness affairs and was under the influence
of relatives and acquaintances who in-
duced him to create the trust. He did
not fully comprehend it and understood
that it was revocable at any time. It
wae further contended that such a trust
is not authorized in law.

Referee Thompson found that the trust
was void because it did not suspend the
alienation of the property for a period
measured by lives in being as provided
for in the statute. The suit was not op-
posed, the trust company simply asking
for instructions of the Court in the suit.

TRUST MISS STONE'S CAPTORS

Report of Payment of the Ransom Money
Is Confirmed.

Wasutwaton, Feb. 15.~The State De-
partment has received official confirmation
of the report that the money for the ransom
of Miss Ellen M. Stone and Mme, Tsilka
has been paid to their captors. No ad-
vices that the captives had been eur-
rendered have been received, but it is confi-
dently expected at the State Department
that the brigands will keep faith.

WHEELER'S SPEECH REPUDIATED

Democrats of the House, on Second
Thought, Are Sorry They Applauded It.

WasnrxnaTon, Feb. 15.--Representative
Wheeler of Kentucky is said to be not so
happy to-day as he was yesterday. While
he was delivering his absurd harangue in
the House, denouncing President Roose-
velt for allowing his daughter to accept

 

 

 

 

 

 

error of judgment which his superiors | an invitation to visit London, abusing

promptly vetoed. Germany's record on
this special point is the same as England's,
The question now is whether the British
statesmen who are sore upon the whole
subject can find the means of charging
and, perhaps, of convicting Germany
of an anti-American policy at the other
stages of the war crisis.

The one feature of Mr. Smalley's de-
| apatches which is seriously damaging
| to the American reputation in Europe is

the assertion that Mr. McKinley kept back
rs communication from the Spanish Gov-
| ernment, ‘virtually conceding” the Ameri-
can demands on the eve of the war.

This leads such journals as the Seturday
Review to remark: “We never thought the
Americans went into that war with clean
hands, but we had not conceived that they
were soiled as the Times's correspondent
suggeste or rather affirms.”

I do not know if Spain's note of April
10 bas ever been published, but its con-
tents were communicated to me in con-
fidence soon after it was delivered, In
view of the grave imputation put upon
Mr. McKinley and the American Govern-
ment by the Timea's statement I feel justi-
fied in saying that Spain's note contained
a positive refusal of the crux of the Ameri-
i demands—namely, the independence

of Cuba.
WOOING OF AMERICA.

 

 

Not

 

Paris “Temps Thinks Germany,
England, Has Been Our Friend.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Panis, Feb. 15.—In an article on America
to-day the Temps says the United States
should feel like a brilliant young beauty
wooed by many suitors,each more pressing
than theother. Some of theseare England,
Russia and Germany.

It adds that American society, like all
society, is snobbish. The Kaiser flatters
President Roosevelt's paternal feelings
in the matter of the christening of the
Meteor and Americans love the display of
official pomp as will be exemplified in the
coming reception of Prince Henry

The article purports to show that Germany
and not England was the friend of the
United States during the Spanish war.

 

| BLAZE IN BIG WHITNEY STABLE,

| Lively Fight for a While—Put Out Without
| Moving the 195 Racchorses.

| Hempsteap, L. I, Feb. 15.—Willlam C
Whitney's employees saved his big stable
at Wheatley Hills Thureday midnight from
fire. There were 170 racehorses in the
stable. The fire started in a closet in the
reading room, and it is thought that it was

|

 

|

' on and after March 1.

caused by mice eating matches in some |

clothes which hang in the closet

in the room when the smoke awakened
him. He gave the alarm and Trainer Gloa-
son and some of the boys responded. The
stable is equipped with the best modern
fire appere us and with these the blaze
was got under control after a fight of an
hour, The interior of the library is a wreck,
but the horses were not moved

 

Pincherst, Summerville, Charleston, Augusta,
Aiken, Thomasville and Tampa.

New and attractive service via P. R. R. and °
em Ry. N. Y. ofoces, 271 and ties Font re

“Dewey's Wines Are Perce.”

Sewer’ é bons Ge, 150 Fulton bee NY.

 

“Bu
nT.

 

Saperheated Dry Air (Sprague Method)
Pot Rheumatism, Gout, &c. 83 West 42d St.—age,

One of the men was asleep on the sofa .

| being and went pirouettin

Lord Pauncefote for some mysterious
offence, calling Secretary Hay a “flunkey”
and Prince Henry a “little Dutchman,”
many of his Democratic colleagues ap-
plauded him vigorously.

His speech as printed in the Record makes
mention in parenthesis of this applause

at various intervals throughout its length, |

but the Dernocrats of the House, as a rule,
now repudiate the speech and think that
Wheeler not only injured himself, but
that he made a bad ponee break, which
not he, but all of his Democratic colleagues
will feel the effect of in the Congress elections
next fall.

WATER DANCES ON FOG CARPET,

Sea Looked Like the Mammoth Cave Gone
Wild With Bourbon.

The Dutch steamship Prins
in yesterday from South American ports,
while in the Gulf Stream off the Virginia
coast on Thursday, ran into a@ stratum
of heavy vapor, covering the ocean like a
great gray carpet, It was not more than
four or five feet thick and extended beyond
the vision. It arose like steam in fantastic
clouds. The cause of it was the conden-
sation of the moisture in the cold air, which
was almost at freezing point, on the warm
Gulf current, which was about 67 degrees

Capt. Niemann saw a long distance off
while observing the low lying fog, a water-
spout dancing along the top of the gray
carpet and reaching toward the clouded
heavens. Another spout soon whirled into
after the first
Then came a procession of spouts and the
sea looked like the Maminoth Cave of Ken-
tucky gone wild with Bourbon.

TICKET SPECULATORS BEAT HIM,

Criterton Theatre Detective Done Up in a
Violent Fracas.

Hugh MeGarry, a detective employed
at the Criterion Theatre to warn people
that tickets bought of speculators will not
be honored at the door was warning a

 

 

 

Maurita, |

|
|
|
|
|
|

man and a woman last evening not to buy

of a speculator when, as he says, a number
of the speculators started a fight with him,
McGarry was knocked down, kicked and
beaten so badly that he had to be taken
to his home.

Such a crowd joined in the row that three
policemen who went there had all they
eould do for a while. They arrested Jacob
L. Marks, one of the speculators, on a
charge of assault Later Detective Arm-
strong arrested Mimon Coriet, another
speculator, for talking too loud and too
much.

LIRERTY'S TORCH STILL TOGLOW.

Given Up by the Lighthouse Board, but
War Department Will Keep It Going.

Liberty's light will, not be extinguished
It will be kept burn-
ing by the War Department, which has
been notified by the Preeident that that

rt of Liberty Island transferred by the

ar Department to - I minouse
will be transfer rack tot ar
ment Assistant Adjutant-General 7 v.
Sheridan, stationed at Governors Island,
said yesterday

*The notice issued by the thouse
Board simply means that the light will cease
to be one of the official beacons in the
harbor. The War ey will main-
tain the light from night & is given
over to the army.”

a
The Finest Thousand Mile Ride
between New York and

orm
y the New York Central ings, thfouse
manufacturing and agricultural portion
Ade.

 

 

having put on bis underclothing,
to the Hudson

and
over

       
  

 

 
 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GIRL HELD FOR HOTEL MURDER

DID FLORENCE BURNS SHOOT
WALTER 8S. BROOKS?

   

 

 

 

The Latter, Who Was a Member of a Proed-
uce Exchange Firm and Only 10 Years
Old, Found in a Room tn the Glen
island Hotel, Shot Behind the Ear,
the Woman Whe Accompanied Him
Having Filed —Mise Burns, Arrested in
Her Brooklyn Home, a Daughter of
Fred Burns, Announcer at Athietio
Sports—Brooks Had Maintained Her
Since Christmas, and She and Her
Father Had Demanded That He Marry
Her—Burns’s Partner Says He Won
Women With His Eyes—Evidence That
He Had Feared He Would Be Killed.

Walter 8. Brooks, not yet 20 years old,
a member of the produce commission firm
of Brooks & Wells, 17 Jay street, and living
with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Brooks, whose only son he was, at 458 De-
catur street, Brooklyn, was found with a
pistol shot wound in the back of his head
in room 12, on the second floor of the Glen
Island Hotel, at the northeast corner of
Cortlandt and West streeta, at 12:30 o'clock
yesterday morning. He was unconscious
and he died, without regaining conscious-
ness, eleven hours later in the Hudson
street hospital.

Shortly before 2 o'clock yesterday after-
noon Florence W. Burns, 19 years old, the
elder daughter of Frederick W. Burns,
known to athletes all over the United States
as, for many years, the announcer at ath-
letic sports given under the direction of
the Amateur Athletic Union, and recently
a Custom House broker, with the firm of
Isaacs, Vought & Co., of 50 Wall street, was
arrested at the home of her parents, 249
East Fifteenth street, Brooklyn, charged
with the murder of Brooks.

The girl's father had demanded that
Brooks make her his wife. The girl, who
is tall and graceful and fair, with large
deep blue eyes and plenteous light brown
hair, denies all knowledge of the crime
of which she is accused, but the theory
of her accusers is that, having demanded
for herself from her lover that which her
father had demanded for her, and having
been put off or refused, she killed him.

J, WILSON AND WIFE REGISTERED.

He and she came into the office of the
Glen Island Hotel, shortly after 9 o'clock
on Friday night, and the young man regir:
tered, “J, Wilson and wife, New York.'
He asked for a room and was shown ta
12 on the second floor. The room hat
two windows which overlook a court and
face the west. Leading from one of th
windows is a fire escape which extends
down to within about fifteen feet of the
courtyard,

Night Clerk John Earl went into the

restaurant of the place shortly after 2 i
art: oe

o'clock to get some supper. W

there the call from Room 12 summoned the
night hall boy, George Washington, Wash-
ington's rap on the door was answered by a
woman, partly undressed, and with some
sort of a scarf thrown about her shoulders,
She told Washington to bring up a bottle
of soda lemonade, with one glass, and a box
of matehes. Washington says that he
served the order at 10:30 o'clock. The
woman took the tray from him through the
partly opened door and told him that noth-
ing more was required.

MAN DEAD, WOMAN GONE,

Two hours later, Earl smelled gas and
told Washington to go through the halls
and see where the leak was. Washington
found that the gas was escaping in Room 12.
He pressed his knee against the door and
was surprised to find that it opened readily.
It was unlocked. All the lights were out
in the room, but every gas jet was on full.
He turned off the gas, and ran downstairs
for Earl.

When time enough had been given for
most of the gas to escape from the room,
Farl and Washington lighted the jets and
looked around. They found “J. Wilson”
lying diagonally across the bed, nude, ap-
parently asleep and partly covered by
the bed clothing. The woman was gone
The man's clothing was scattered all about
the room, some of it on chairs and the rest
on the floor

Far] told George Washington to go and
get Dr. J. Sweeny, whose office is at 137
Liberty street. Dr. Sweeny reached the
hotel a few minutes after 1 o'clock and
examined the unconscious man, who was
breathing heavily. Dr. Sweeny could not
rouse him. He examined the eyes and says
that the pupils were not dilated, He found
some spatters of blood on the bed clothing
and pillows and evidences of vomiting.

He found also what he tock to be a bruise
of the scalp, about two and a half inches
back of the top of the right ear, Blood had
coagulated over the wound, Dr, Sweeny
concluded that the man had bruised his
scalp in some way, by a fall, perhaps, and
thet the real trouble with him was a mild
dose of asphyxiation. The doctor says
that he thought it was a mild dose, because
the pupils of the eyes were not dilated.
He told the night clerk to give the patient
plenty of air and that he would probably
be all right in the morning

So “J. Wilson” with his supposed scalp
wound and his over<lose of illuminating
gas was left by himself to sleep off the
effects of whatever it was that alled him.

BULLET WOUND FOUND.

At 7 o'clock yesterday morning Earl
went up to the room to see how “J. Wilson®
He had evidently been

was getting on
tossing about on the bed a good deal; there

was much more blood on the bed clothing
and the man was moaning faintly. Dr.
Sweeny was called again and concluded
that he'd look @ bit more closely at that
ecalp wound, He found a hole in the skull,
evidently made by a bullet He went back
to his Office for probes. He probed the
wound for about three inches, and finding,
he says, that he was getting into the brain
tissues, he concluded to stop and direct
that the patient be sent to a hospital

This he did and ‘J. Wilson,” somebody
was taken
street hospital. In his
pockets papers were found to indicate

that he was Brooks. Besides the papers

ld watch and chain, something
&; in money and a check, made pay-

Wells, were

able to the order of Brooks &
found. The office of Brooks
ly called up on the telephone,

 

Teur to Florida
Vie Royal Blue Line, February 26. Only $50 Round

Eiy E Wants Beans nha OP

“way. Ade.

—— ees
White Labe! (ulaness Steet, ;

HTB a es Ba".

 

 

ois

'
:

rented ae Pag ae

ores
<3

herte