Fair and warmer to-day ;

cooler at night; moderate winds.

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

to-morrow fair,
e

Highest temperature yesterday, 69; lowest, 60.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on page 8.

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 35.

++

  

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1916.—copyrignt, 1916, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

RUMANIANS ARE BRITISH STAFF CHIEF SAYS

DRIVEN BACK TO
LINE OF DANUBE

 

Mackensen, by Encireling
Movement, Foils Effort
at Invasion.

 

TEUTONS GIVE WAY
IN THE DOBRUDJA

 

 

Russo-Rumanian _ Army
Continues to Hammer
Centre and Right.

 

2.000 MEN CAPTURED
IN TRANSYLVANIA

Berlin Admits Successes of

_, Invaders West of
Parajd.

 

 

‘ Loxvox, Oct. 4.—The Rumanian at-
tempt to strike Von Mackensen's rear
by throwing troops across the Danube
near Turtukai has failed, according to
an announcement in Berlin, which
Says an encircling attack forced the
Rumanians to fall back.

In the Dobrudja, however, the Rus- |
sians and Rumanians have captured a
position on Von Mackensen's right
wing at Amzacea, taking seven guns |
more than 1,000 prisoners and much
material. In spite of the stubborn re-
sistance of Germans, Bulgars and
Turks the attack continues to make
progress against the Teuton centre.
Russian gunboats are cooperating in
the attack’ by bombarding Von Mack-
ensen’s left flank from the Danube.

 

 

Rumanians Take 4,000 Prisoners.

Rumanian victories in Transylvania
have resulted in the capture of more than
2,000 Austrian and German prisoners,
and eight machine guns. The’ Ruma-!

hans have had to fall back near Petro-| King Sends for Adherents of Reception to Tagore’s ‘Chitra

seny, but announce that they have de-|

siroyed the machinery at the coal mines, |
for which the town is chietly valuable tol
@n army.

The German official statement an-!
Nouncing the defeat of the Rumanians
vin crossed the Danube on a pontoon!
bridge does not say that the Rumanians
retreated back to their own side of the
river, Previous reports have said that
the bridge was partly destroyed and it!
thought here that the Rumantans still
are on the south bank. The statement
says simply that the Rumanians “with-
drew in hasty flight.”

The Bulgars announce that they have
o-upied the island of Malakalafat, in
the Danube opposite the Hulgarian town |

i

Rumanian barracks at Kalafat.|

oss the river. This may mean that |
Bulgars are planning an invasion

Rumania by crossing the

and fortress of Vidin, and bombarded

the

 

 

faland to prevent the Rumanians using
it to make @ crossing of the river.

|
|

The island of Malakalafat is in almost
the extreme northwestern corner of Bul-
aaria, where the Danube makes a loop.
From Kalafat runs a main railroad
through Rumania, which an army hoping |
to invade Rumania might use.
‘ifty miles south of Orsova, where Ru- |

manians and Austrians are fighting, and |

the seizing of the island may be intended |
tw divert Rumanian troops from Orsova.
The Bulgarian statement also speaks
of the crossing of the Danube by the
Rumanians, which, it says, was made
Near the village of Rahavo. “Consider-
able unite of troops,” the statement says,
“were able to Cross the pontoon bridge
before Austrian unonitors destroyed it
©n the Dobrudja side.”
A German statement telling of the
Transylvania fighting closes with the
tatement “west of Parajd they gained
wivantages,” victories announced by Ru-
manian statements near Odorkin, be-
tween Fogaras and Sighisoara and west
of the River Alt and at Orsova, The
German statement follows:
In the Georgeny Valley (Transyl-
Vania) the Rumanians made several

{
'

Vain attacks, West of VParajd they
Buined advantages. We are before
Fogaras,

West of Caijneni, at the southern
exit of Rothenthurm Pass, fighting
took place with Rumanian troops, the
itter having been dispersed during
» battle of Hermannstadt. Enemy
@tiacks in the Hatzeg Mountains were
unsuccessful, West of Oboro Height
our allies gained ground.

KRumanians In Flight,

German and Bulgarian troops of
tie army of Field Marshal von Mack-
fnsen delivered an encircling attack,
vith the result that the Rumanian
forces which erossed the Danube near
Iijahove, south of Bucharest, with-
drew in hasty flight.

According to the German newspapers
Gen. von Falkenhayn has issued to,his
‘oops who won the battle at Hermann
‘adt an order in which he congratu-
jites them on having “as good as an-
‘iilated a numerically superior army,
the remnants of which are still career-
ing ubout the mountains and will not
escape their deserved fate." The order
ends with the words; “May !t so happen
to all our enemies.”

Gen, von Falkenhayn is planning to
‘Svade Rumania from the Rothenthurm
Vass, folowing up his victory at Her-
Nunnstadt. At several places in the
‘Transylvania Alps east of the pass Ger-
Manu und Austrian troops have reached
the eyest that separates Transylvania
ond Rumania, and are threatening to
'v\ade Rumania from the northwest.

is announced in the following para-

 

Th
ph of an Austrian official statement:
South of Hermannstadt a Rumanian
battalion which was still wandering
*\out has been annihilated. Mast of
the Rothenthurm defile the frontier

Continued on Third Page,

 

| Which the Ministe

It isonly;

ue

ARMY’S UR

GENT NEED IS MEN | . GETS MORE BUMPS

 

Campaign to Force Cons

‘

Strength by Declaration of Sir William
Robertson.

|

cription on Ireland Gains

 

Lonpon, Oct. 4.—The urggnt need of] a large part of the labor now engaged |

| TOLEPO IS ALSO THORNY

to Ireland, was volced to-day In official! tion the extended use of women and <| Miss Kellor Hooted and Is Un-
|
|

Great Britain to secure mote men for
her army, navy and munition works,
which is taken to mean among other
things that conscription will be extended

quarters,

Gen. Sir Willlam Robertson, chief of
the Imperial Staff, said in a speech to-
day at Dalderby, Lincolnshire, that while
the Allies were winning the war elowly
but surely he wished to impress upon his
hearers the necessity of obtaining more

men for the army and munitions fac- |
In this connection, he said, he!

tories,
had n serious word of warning to give.

“We are not justified in expecting to
win the war,” he sald, “unless the eer-
vices of every man and woman in the
country are utilized to the fullest ex-
tent.”

“We met be under no delusion.” he
continued, “as to the end or probable
duration of this great struggle. We must
be prepared to continue for a time which
cannot at present be estimated,

“Muat Prepare for Worst.’

“In fact, we must prepare for the
worst while we hope for the best. We
have adopted in theory the principle of
national service. We must see that we
put it into practice, because we want
more men, and we want them now, and
eventually we shall want all who can be
spared."

Great Britain is in urgent need of men
for her urmies, and aiso for her munt-
tions factories, according to a statement
given out to-day by the Man Power
Distribution Board, recently appointed to
comb out men cligible for military ser-

vice in the United Kingdom who have

not yet been enrolled tn the army.

The board reported it had examined |

Officials of the Admiralty, War Office,
Ministry of Munitions and other depart-
ments, and that there was urgent need
of fresh supplies of men for the armies
and munition factories, in order
maintain our forces in the field at the
numbers already fixed for them, and at
the same tim
munitions essential for their equipment
and proper utilization,”

The board directed that no exemption |
be granted to certain classes heretofore !

exempt, and that there be a more gen-
eral dilution of skilled labor in muni-
tions factories with women and+ other
workers heretofore untrained,

It suggested conferences of employers
and employees with a view to freeing

Skilled labor now engaged in private
work for smployment in munitions
@

planta.

“It is essential,” the report says, “that! the hands of the Sinn Feiners,

 

NEW GREEK CABINET

WILL BE VENIZELIST

 

Pro-Ally Premier to Form
Ministry.

ATHENS, Via London, Oct
Constantine presided over the

uation subinitted by each Minister,

 

ions
arei.

were unsatisfactory to the

The Minister of the Interior, Loucas
Communica.
Lysandre Kaftandjoglow, and the
Minister of Justice, M. Vokotopoulos, op-

Roufas; the Minister of

tions,

posed the entry of Greece into the war,

The King accepted the resignation of
,; the entire Ministry for the purpose of
Danube | forming a national war Cabinet, which
that region or that they seized the} will include three adherents of ex-Pre-

jer Venizelos.

Demetrios Diamantidis,
Communications in the
Cabinet, was called the Palace

m
Minister

to te

advise the King respecting the Venizelists
The former President of

to be chosen,
the Chamber, Constantine Zavitsanos
and the former Minister of the Interior

M. Kafandaris, are under consideration |

in addition to M, Diamauntidis,

The following ofticial statement re

to-day:

“The Government, not having suc

| ceeded In getting into tguch with the

representatives of the Ertenie Powers

and cousidering that the situation hinders
has

progress in national questions,
begged the King to accept its resigna
tion, The King has accepted the resigna
tion of the Government.”

WANTS NO OFFICE.

 

 

Position on Cabinet,

Premier Venizelos,” says the

been sounded from Athens by a persor

Premiership in a Cabinet of
choosing or be content to support

coalition Cabinet in which his party i
represented or whether he would suppor

members of his party, would declar
war and act generally along the lines o
his policy. im

“M, Venizelos answered that he wa
ready to support any Cabinet whic
would put Greeces forces in the
beside those of the Entente Powers, Th
former Preinier sald he wanted no Cabi

 

Calls Le. BP. Lochner From The | public health division on the fifth floor
Fh of the Health Department Building, 139

| Hague for Conference. Centre street. 3
Tue tHaaur, via London, Get, 5 It will specialize on child hygiene,

secretary of the Neutral Conference fo
Continuous Mediation, in response to

cable despatch from Henry Ford, sum-

moning him to a conference, rushed t
Hotterdim in an automobile early thi

morning and caught the steamship Ryn-

dam,
New York,

It is understood his conference wit
Mr. Ford will concern new development
in the Ford peace campaién,

witeed Picks Eight Hour Board.

ALLIANCE, Ohio, Oct.
nounced, following President

Wilson’

: 7 doned as a total loss by the Navy Le-' RS
passing through here Leeae, that he} partment, As much as possible of the! RS
has nelec ee inne mac) prs one board | material will be salvaged and brought | N The very finest circulation in New
to investigate the railway elght hour | north on the U. &. & Hancock. Naval! RS ,
law. Announcement of their names will | Constructor Ou Bola and a representa-| BS York and among the very largest '
be made as soon as they have consented tive of the Merritt-Chapman Wrecking |
to Rare, . Company who investigated the condition | iil (Member of the Audit Bureau of Circulations)

of the reported r whole bot- :

mae ered Dettien | tte gut ef position,

!

“to |

to maintain the supply of |

4.—-King |

(rowh
Council held at the palace this morning
to consider written opinions of the sit-
to
‘> resignation was ap-
pended, to be accepted in case the opin-
mone

of
Venizelos |

garding the Cabinet Situation was issued

Venizelos Tella King's Friend His

LonpDON, Oct. 6 (Thursday).—-"Former
Daily |
Mail’s Canea, Crete, correspondent, “has |

his own
a

a Cabinet which, though not containing

field

net post fur himself or for his followers,’

FORD SUMMONS PEACE ENVOY.

(Thursduy).—-Louis PP Lochner, general | drugs, food analysis,
food regulations, food supply, hospitals,

which e6ailed at 8:09 o'clock for

4.—It was an-

in private work shall be diverted to
| Government orders or released for the
larmy.” F
| The board also has under constdera-

| men over the military age, and also the
| release of men of military age now em-
| ployed in Government offices, This is the
only means, the board says, whereby ex-

! vice can be avoided.

No official figures have been given re-
cently as to the number of men serving
with the British army. King George, in
| signing the military service bill on May

- 7,
time ‘at 6,041,000. In July, August and
September the British casualties were
| 807,169.

Conscription for Ircland.

| When Parliament reassembles next
| week the Government will be confronted

wilh new embarrassing proposals for the |
to Ireland. |
The Times and other newspapers have |
| been conducting a strong campaign with |

application of conseription

} this object in view, and the decisions an-
nouncell to-day by the man power dis-
tribution board and by Sir William
Robertson will, it Is believed, strengthen
the hands of the agitators.

Sir Edward Carson asserts that the
situation is such that without conserip-
tion In Ireland it will be Impossible to
maintain the Irish regiments at the front
at their proper strength. He contends
that Ireland could provide another half
million men of military age, and aske
what the colonies, which have made
| such sacrifices for the empire, will think
of the shirking of Ireland.

Government May Have to Yield.

While most of the responsible
| politicians are agreed that it would be
inexpedient to attempt to apply com-
pulsion to Treland while home rule i
| withheld, undoubtedly in the present
phase of the European war those who
are demanding conscription hold a strong
jhand and the Government may find ft
difficult to resist the demand,

The ationalists, in reply to
Edward point out that
colonies have sel{-governinent

Sir

 

 

rson,
already

| position of Ireland. They aswert that
| Ireland will be found to be a united
| nation in resistance to compulsion.

The Liberal newspapers consider the
}agitation another attempt to unseat
| Premier Asquith, and contend that while
| compulsion in Ireland would provide a
few men it would provoke another first
class Irish crisis and throw Ireland into

INDIAN POET’S PLA
HAILED IN GERMANY

——

 

in Munich Thought to
Savor of Politics.

 

Bertin, Oct. 4.--A new play, “Chitra,”
by Sir Rabindranath Tagore, the British
Indian poet who was Awarded the Nobel

rize for Jiterature in 1913, Was) pro-
duced at the Munich Theatre for the
lirst time, says the Overseas News
Agency, and was well received by the
literary critics .

A political metive may be behind the
production in Germany at this thine of
reception. By
mans may hor

this compliment the Ger-
> to further the discontent

 

‘nianifested by certain factions in India
against Great Britain's rule,
Tagore, himself, though «a British

lordship, as the following quotation from
his writings sitws:

One section of the human race can-
not be permanently strong by depriv-
ing another section of ite inherent
rights,
by possession of the Indian empire.
Tae weakness of disarmed; famine-
stricken and poverty ridden India will
be the cause of the destruction of the
British Empire,

a)

, been widely \read here,
* on September 19 to tour the country.

FAMINE NEAR IN BELGIUM.

German Requisitions Have Taken
All Meat, Butter and Potatoes,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sen,
London, Oct, 4.—Famine is

 

 

respondent at Lausanne,

| Meat is
1) says, and butter very scarce.

$3, and sugar, 72 cents,

s
{| gels a popular food.

€
ft

suys,

HEALTH LIBRARY FOR CITY.

s
b

 

 

ment Ballding.

food inspection
r

a|health tnsurance, milk supply, occupa
tional hygiene, school Inspection,

o| tagious diseases and yital statistics,

h | tories, will be in immediate charge,

tension of the age for compulsory Ber- |

 

Detroit, Oct. 4.—The advance agent | saw her fall and without hesitation
of the women's ign train for} Vent to the rescue.
i oe pagan J t He descended by an fron ladder
| Hughes who came to Detroit to af | iui: intu the pricks and found him-

aced the rA&imber raised up to that)

| Wilson.

the |

and hence there ts no analogy with the |

the Indian poet's play and its favorable!

knight, is nut reconeiled to Britisii over-

The British are getting strong

Tagore’s book “Chitra” was first pub-|
lished fn Mnglish some years age wid has
‘The poet is now)
jin this country, having arrived in Seattle

at the
doors of Belgium because of the requisi-
tions of the Germans on the conquered
population, according to the Times cor-

practically unobtainable, he
Potatoes
elose to King Constantine as to whether) have not been seen for some time, and
in the event of war being declared on prices are becoming impossible,
Bulgaria M, Venizelos would demand the | js $1.80 a pound, chocolate, $2.40; covoa,
Lhe almost to-
tal disappearance of sea fish and the
excessive cost of meat have made mus-

Coffee

The object of the Germans in*starving
the Belgians is without doubt to induce
them to demand peace, the correspondent

T¢ Will Be Opened in the Depart-

The Municipal Reference Library has
just completed plans for establishing uw

con-
It
will be the only library in the eclty spe-

GIRL OF 6 RESCUED
FROM A CITY SEWER

Falls Down a Manhole and It
Takes Two Men to
Save Her.

PETTICOAT SPECIAL

 

 

 

}

Suffs and Antis Clash and
Nearly Spoil Detroit
Reception.

 

A heavy truck carrying dirt from the
Seventh avenue subway excavation broke
a manhole cover in Forty-seventh street,
between Tenth and Eleventh avenues,
last night. The police put a barrel over
the manhole, but boys carried it away
and made a bonfire of it.

Ellen Hassett, 6 years old, was play-
ing in front of her mother’s home, 628
West Forty-seventh street, with a crowd
'of other children when she suddenly
disappeared, falling through the unpro-
tected opening in the pavement.. Frank
Knipe of 559 West Forty-fourth street

 

|

 

able to Make Her
Speech.

 

rayge for the reception fell between the
Hughes women who are antl-suffrage

self in a eix foot sewer in which he
could see nothing. He called, and the

 
  

 

‘ z ’ child cried out in answer, He dropped
and the suffrage women who are for from the last rung of the ladder’ and,
As a result a committee of men
voice, found her, supported by her dress
the Detroit station at 5:30 P.M. on the rapidly tlowing tide,
Suffrage women, headed by Mrs. Fred. | manhole, but could not reach the ladder,
hundicapped as he Was by the weight of
committee of welcome on the vam 7 att hes re a4
ai . . , Meanwhile a crow ad gathered in
that they were for Wilson. The women the atreet above, and dohn SeGovern of
to the train because they feared they | fully built young fellow, heard Knipe’s
would become involved in a suffrage | Shouts. He went down the ladder ahd
| girl high enough so Knipe could get a
So the women's committee, headed by grip on the lowest rung. McGovern took
selves with waiting for Dr. Katharine B. Knipe following.
Davis, Miss Maude Miner and the rest| The police, who walited his name to
merce, where an evening meeting was | his quickness, which alone saved the
held, | ch'id from being swept along toward the
| es ‘ » trouble finding the young man, who hur-
) train and conducted the women through | 5 3 sg °
| the streets unostentatiously, with no, ried away unnoticed ag soon as he

groping in the direction of the child's
only met the train when it pulled into

| Knipe made his way back to the
eric« Holt, refused to serve on the

the child.
who consented to serve declined to 60/5:6 West Forty-seventh street, a power-

| by sheer strength pulled Knipe and the
demonstration. | nt ee p
Charles B. Warren, contented them-|‘the child and climbed to the surface,
of the spellbinders at the Board of Com- &lve him credit for his bravery and for
| The men's committee which met the| fiver to be drowned, had considerable
| parade, was as follows: einerged trom the sewer,

Gus D. Pope, Chief of Police James! The child is none the worse except for
| Couzens, Edward Gray, Edward Lewis, @ cut on her forehead,
}D. M. Ferry, Jr, Ralph Booth, James | —
Myers, Arthur MeGraw, Emery W.,

Clark, John ©, Lodge, Julius Hoas and
| John D, Mackay,

TWO HURT IN PANIC
ON “L” AT 49D ST.

Thorny Path in Toledo,

With the local Republican organizas
tion much in doubt as to whether the
women spelibinders would help the can-
| dtdacy of Charles E, Hugbes or hurt it,
| with labor frankly antagonistic to what
| the Toledo News Bee calls the lien
dollar train’ and with the cominittee of
welcome made up of the wealthy women
of the town, the speahing staff of tle
women's campaign support for Hughes

'
|
|
{

 

 

 

|
|
|

  

dows at Sight of Smoke on
Third Avenue Line,

 

 

| trod a thorny path in Toledo, where they belie

| worked from early morning’ till late

| afternoon. There was ' '

| While Ulysses Grant Denman, chaire) hs & panic in one of the mid-}

dle cars of a northbound Bronx Park
express train on the Third avenue ele-
vated railway at Forty-second street
last evening. * The sudden stopping of
the train and smeke curling up around

man of the G. O. P. county committee,
Was opening the meeting for the visitors
at the Valentine Theatre at 10:30 A. M./
hig henchmen at headquarters admitted
frankly that they waited with some
anxiety to see what effect the first po-

|
|

litheal petticoated special would have on the car caused 150 persons to rush for
| Ohto voters. , _ the doo®s, Several jumped out of win-
! Ohio, they pointed out, was anti-uf- dows, and one, a girl named Mary Iria
| frage, had voted the issue down wit! 19 years old, of 2386 Arthur avenus,

overwhelming odds, The Hughes women's ‘The Bronx, was tussed on to the station

 

 

 

 

   

train tx looked-on all along the line as 4 platforp She and a mun reporte in-
suffrage train, in spite of Miss Frances to the pollee; other uffeves
A. Kellor’s declarations that itis not,and praises, but did nut ask for medicul |
politicians figure that the electorate will ment m

not be tinpressed by arguments advanced is 6:49 DP. My, at the height of
by the wenee : h hour, and the seven ear train |
° Was Just pulling inte the station, when

Miss Kellor’s Eaperience, “somebody jerked the emergency cord

Miss Kellor caught the brunt of the lae) which automatically applies the brakes
bor opposition, At the Overland auto- | The train stopped with a jolt and smoke
mobile works, just outside the town, be to appear in one of the middle
where she spoke during the noon hour’ cars, in whic the pollee estimated that
on the very spot where Mr, Hughes was between 150 Gnd weoO persens were
heckled au week ago, she was subjected : : gin the aisle and crowd-

 
  
 

 

to a torrent of questions, Jeers and ot
Jections that left her shahing with anger
and ugitation,

The crowd of men in oils
shirts were fairly quiet u
tried to bewin her speech.

 

med and men rushed for
Who were in the way
Were pushed as . through windows as
well as the As the crowd poured

troiman Rellly, who was stationed

en
the doors
sooty black

! Miss Wellor

 

 

doors,

 
 
      

 

| “Men,” she started, "I know he. aki on and ran up at the sight
to hear about Hughes's labor recor®, and was carried by the crowd
we'll get right on the mat When he the railing Patrolman
was Governor of New York——" from the nerthbound local
| “How many of you women ever platform, which at that station is under-
| worked Ip a factory?” yelled a brawny pean the express plattornmi, and the two
| fellow beside her, policemen had aw busy five minutes as-
r “Roosevelt.” Miss Keillor made a passengers that nothing had

euring the
happened except the pulling of the emer-
geney cord

Samuel Kolozita, 22, of 630 Mast 140th
street, Was the man reported hurt, He
wus kuecked down and cut, and suf-
fered a possible fracture of the left leg
Miss Iria suffered from shock and

fresh start.

“Roosevelt is rotten!” shrilled a work-
man in a black skull cap
“The rich put the
power!” chorused several others
Republican President ever

labor?”
In vain Miss Kellor tried to speak of

Republicans
“Ww
was

in
it

for

 

|

{ which

Passengers Jamp Out of Win-|

|
|

'
'
|

|
!

CAR STRIKERS NOW
TALK CONCESSIONS

 

Samuel Gompers to Work for
Settlement With Traction
Companies.

 

|
|
|
|
|

“MOTHER” JONES BUSY

 

Action of Building Trades|
Puts Quictus on General
Walkout Plan.

 

Samuel Gompers before he returns to
Washington at the end of this week will
devote himself to bringing about peace
between the traction companies and the
striking carmen. Yesterday in Amal-
gamated circles the air was full of set-
tlement talk. As an undercurrent to the
many rumors that an adjus¥ment is|
probable there were hints that unless
the overtures by Gompers are accepted
this week next week will see a more
severe campaign on the part of the car- |
men, |

The_strike leaders now are ready to
make “Many concessions to the traction
i

 

heads, but they will not forfeit the foot-
hold they have gained among car work-
ers. They are ready to talk terms, will-
ing to yield on formal recognition of

their union, but they want to maintain }.

the right to strengthen their organiza-
tion.

It Is saide they have found responsive-
ness among the traction heads. Several
of the men-tn the amalgamated Suy that
already William B. Fitzgerald, strike
leader, and Frederick W. Whitridge,
president of the Third Avenue line, have
been in conference. Neither Fitzgerald
nor Whitridge would give any confirma-
tion of this last night.

Looking to Whitridge,

General peace, it is understood by the
strikers, lies through gaining the
advantage from Whitridge. The
over which he exercises control have;
suffered most during the strike With
the exception of the short period during
the agreement underwritten by
Mayor Mitchel and Oscar Straus, @ublic
Service chairman, was effective, there
has been a partial tleup of his system
since the middle of July, Consequently
the expense has been enormous for the
Third Avenue company Recause the
Amalgamated has neen assured of funds
sufficient to continue the strike for at
least two months longer leaders believe
that Whitridge will seek to avoid bear-
ing the expensive burden for that period. |

On

first |
lines

   

the othér hand, Whitridge ever
since the violation of the peace agree-
ment signed August 7 has taken the
smost unequivocal stand against the
Amalgamated, He bas announced ser-
eral ttmes since the new strike that so
Jong as he maintains the direction of the
Third Avenue system no members of the

Amalgamated will be employed

Yesterday he issued an optimistic
statement in which he said he ts satis-
tied with the situation. The high point

n operation of his Manhattan and Bronx
(Was reached yesterday when 385 of
the Third Avenue cars were operated,
Through the employrnent of strke
breakers in Westchester under empower.
ment of the recent amendment of the
fifteen day ordinance efforts will be mad
to resume full schedules in Mount Ver-
non, New Rochelle and other towns of
the county An error in having the
wrong ordinance published makes it nee-
essary to give two days of publication,
; beginning to-day, to the proper ord!-
; nance. Therefore the @ar operation ly
strike breakers will not begin in West-
| chester until Saturday,

  

  

 

 
   

Service Improved,

 

  

 

   

If there is any lessening of contidence
of ultimate and complete victory for
the traction operators it was not notleed
in the offlees of the Inter vugh and
New York Railways yest: The ser-
}viee@e on the green car dines now has
attained $0 per cent, and within a few
days twenty-four hour service on sure
ttace lines will be attempted
{ For the first Uime since the start of

the strike all night service was started
in Queens last night. The company
| there has had little trouble. Of the 155
cars of she systein 124 were in oper
}at the rush hour yesterday, Man;

    

ruises of the left elbow, are
this or that Just measure Hughes had | UUes OF the lelt ell | the old men have relurned to work,
D " y ’ ering voice secess s ‘ 1 Amalganik

Haare cee Volume of Jeering volves GAR Q, K.'S SISTER'S DIVORCE, | nave tecome more marked siner the
| “Hughes is helping Socialism every | oo ~< | tallure of the “sympathetic strike.’ This
| aa ‘ erled one, Confirms Marriage Dissolation of oS wee Siipaaa see meercer © _ n
“Some of my best friends are Sovcial- ; “ ithe uilding Trades voted du ie

j ists," Miss Kellor ejaculated. | Grand Duchess Olga, strike proposition, As they have heid

Twenpon, Oct, 4.--Emperor
according to ® Keuter despatch from
Petrograd to-day, has contirmed the dis-
solution, @ronounced by the Holy Snyod,
of the marriage of his sister, the Grand
Duchess Olga, to Duke Peter of Olden-

“Why aren't you with them?” tnquired
her tormentors,

Supporters of Wilson.

This crowd wus for Wilson and most
impolite about it. Another crowd which

py - ' ‘g. “he Gre louchess retains her

was addressed a little later by Miss! DU'S The Grand

Annie Peck, the mountain climver, and Uaperial Ute and is permitted to res
marry,

Dr. Katharine Bement Davis, in front |
of the Toledo post office, was more po-
lite, but equally prejudiced in favor of
the present occupant of the White

 

Grand Duchess Olga was born on June
1, S82. Her marriage to Peter Alexan-
drovieh, Duke of Oldenburg, occurred
on July 27, 1901

Continued on Second Page,

 

EEE Lda

\N

  
  

Wy

Wy
Ud

          
      
 
     
  

Y

 
 

Yy

U1

      
 
   
   
 
  

GY;

“Yj

   

VM

Net Paid Circulation a Day

192,210

On July 3. 1916, The Sun and The
New York Press were amalgamated.

We

Wl

Y

We

Ui iy
YY

Wa

  

Y,

  

Ty
Uda

  
 

Yy

 

N

; clallaing In publlo heath makers which For the quarterly period from that NN
acPrinein Ee ths tactile nce, date to Sept. 30, 1916, the weekday N

 

s
Crutser Memphis to Be Abandoned

s

*

WASHINGTON, Oct. 4-—The armored! &
cruiser Memphis, reeently wrecked in, NS
Santo Domingo harbor, will be aban-!| SS

circulation of The Sun has averaged

192,210 Net Paid
Copies a Day.

a

   
    
   
  
    
 

 

 

|
'

 

 
 
 

 

Nicholas, |

  
  

the balance of power in the labor move-
, ment, this action puts the final quietus
on the general welkout plan

“Mother” Jones, the aged agitator
from the West, yesterday addressed sey-
eral meetings of car strikers, She re-
terred to the traction heads as “high
class burglars’ And advised the men to
stand firin, She will head the women's
and children's demonstration that is tu
take the form of a parade next Tues-
day afternoon,

Indications are growling that unless
there is some advance made toward a
settlement uvany of the strikers will
ubandon the “no violence” policy advo-
eated by their leaders. Several minor
disturbances were put down by
lice yesterday,
vecurred at 6:45 BP. M. at 156th street
and Willis avenue, when a mob, sald to
include many strikers, seized a car at
that point, Fifty passengers were in It
at the time, The policeman on the plat
form fired several shots in the air, but
before the arrival of reserves the strik-
ers and sympathizers had driven off the
| ear crew,

ALBANY, Oct, 4.-—The strike
ltied up trolley service in Albany
| Rensselaer counties since
! stopping every car in Troy, Green Island,
Cohoes and Watervilet, was vettled
noon to-day, Leaders of the Aimalga-
mated and officials of the United Trae-
tion Company decided to arbitrate their
differenced,

 

 

 

GOVERNOR CHEERS CONVICTS.

Missouri Exxecutive ilves Them
Cigara and Directs Their Work.

JEFFERSON CiTY, Mo., Oct, 4.— Gov,
Major of Missourl to-day directed the
work of 200 prisoners from the State
penitentiary on a@ ten mile stretch of
road near here. The Governor gave
every convict worker three cigars and
supplied them with watermelons,

For each day the convicts work on the
roads they will be allowed twenty days
off their sentences provided their road
work is satisfactory,

ARE YOU RUN DOWN
; Wine @ Olive uit

    

iy

-
ere - -

ars

oe

,coatiess and hatless picking up Jewelry! pers will not resume

the po.)
The most serious trouble |

which |
Monday, |

at!

In Greater New York, }
Jersey City and Newark.

MILK DEALERS
RAISE OFFERS
TO DAIRYMEN

Borden's Price Within Ten
Cents a Can of De-
mand,

Elaewhere
TWO CENTS

ONE CENT

SLATES MAY BE USED
IN SCHOOLS AGAIN

 

Paper Shortage So Serious
Many Pupils Already Bring
Own Supply.

 

 

If the shortage in paper continues |
much longer New York school children |
Will be forced to use slates and |
pencils, formerly indispensable in the!
lower grades,

It was learned yesterday that the|
Board of Superintendents at a recent
meeting considered the problem of the
paper supply and agreed that if the sit-
uation became much worse it would be!
necessary to return to old fashioned
writing materials, There was some talk
that the move might have to be made in
the present school year, but members of
the board were informed that contracts
made last fall should protect the supply
this Vear.

Pupils already have reported a short-
age of paper since the schools opened,
In numerous instances, it is said, chil-
dren have been forced to bring paper to
school, At the Board of Kducation offices
it was asserted yesterday that If this
situation existed it was without authort-
zation. Slates have been discarded en-
tirely from the public school,

$10,000 LOOT FROM
OYSTER BAY COLONY

Doubleday, Erskine and Ab
bott Homes Robbed and
Burglars Escape.

 

FARMERS REFUSE TO
ACCEPT COMPROMISE

 

Mayor's Efforts Fail—State
Probe Begins
To-day,

 

| CITY SUPPLY GROWS
| SMALLER EACH DAY.

 

Companies Get a Third of
Their Needs—Many Fam-
ilies Suffering.

 

 

Developments in New York's critical
milk situation yesterday were as fol-
lows:

 

 

'
Ovsten Bar, L. 1, Oct. 4.—-The coun-|

 

try home colony of Oyster Bay was in-|

voded by burglars early to-day and! Mayor Mitchel's efforts to bring *

money and jewels valued at £16,000 were abc s ni .

lutan thom, the nomen ofetnree Of the about an adjustment of the troubles

lwenlthieste residents, The homes looted, between the distributers and producers

were those of Nelson Doubleday, son Of so that the children and grownups of

FF, N, Doubleday, the publisher; H. P| ,

Ersk New York arehitect, and Phil-| the eliy shall be assured their normal

lips Abbott, all on the West Shore road | daily supply resulted in a failure,
The Doubledays cuffered the largest!

} > ae: ve ‘ n ha
loss, money and jewels to the value of There was a deadlock over the question
about $7,000 being taken there. At the of the price that the farmer shall get
Erskine home several pieces of Jewelry) top his milk.
and between $300 and £400 wus stolen.)
The (ntruder was seared from the Abbott he farmers, however, made gains in
home by the sereatns of Mrs, Arthur Bell: their tug of war. All the big dealers

of New York, «& guest, whose room he)
Was ransacking when she awoke, The) With one exception agreed to advance
only loot taken from the Abbott home prices to the producer for October milk

Was a sinall sum of money belonging to! 3t cents per 190 pounds over the rates
Mr. Abbott fof October, 1915. Borden's directed
The authorities their up-State agents to offer producers

> ne o hurglars, that) 4-
description of onc, of the Hrelars, CAL 35" cents per 100 pounds for (ctober

awakened about 2 o'clock this morning |More than the 1915 price, or 15 cents
by hearing some one moving. She, More than their offer of September 15,
switched on the light in a reading lamp! Representatives of the Dairymen’s
beside the bed and discovered a inan’ League declared that the league meme

the shipping of

havo only @ meagre

   

n th 1 sor, ley sereams sent the ‘
thief mt he wae AVI to GHtan BHIS mille unless they get an adyance of 46
riet of his face, which she) Ces per 100 pounds, or increase
deseribes as being smooth shaven and! 4pproximately of one cent a'quart,

     

 

   

  
 

   

 

 

outhful Commissioner Phllon of thm State De-
Th is the secand big robbery jn the! Partment of Foods and Mu ts said all
summer colony within the last month.) (he distributers have to do is to make @
Reeantly the heme of C. HH. Thieriot, ai Public announcement that they will pay
New York b * Was entered and Ute league price and the farmers will
money and jeweiry 6 doat ¢8o00 Degin shipping nulk ae individuals, with-
taker As in toe onSe of the Thieriots, OU contracts, as in the days before tho
the three families robbed this morning Strike He declares, however, that “the
expressed absolute faith in the servant league will always have the milk and the
At the Doubleday and Erskine homes! Might to Hx the price at which they will
both families were at ne, but were sell it
not disturbed, The detectives have been
unable to discover how entrance was City Gets Less Milk,
made, the theory prevailing (hat skeleton Pieket lines in the dairy farm dia.
heys were used tricte were tightened and less milk came
z ? into the city than on any day during the
WORK FOR MORGAN; OWN CAR. week. There was a shortage of over
10 per cent, of the supnis. Rorden's
° z got but 31 to G2 per cent. of its il
Hot Estate Laborer, Speeding, Goes yesterday, although 6 othor oo
to Jail to Save 825, did better The farmers are taking @
Angelo Lofresse, who sald he is a SPecial delight in getting aftes Bors
laborer on the estate of J. PL Morgan, at) dens and their expected 50 per cent, of
Dosoris, I. tL. Was charged yesterday | Supply Was curtailed because league
with driving his automes at excessive , Members dumped imilk they expected to
tpeed through Richmond Hil Bet
“Do all employees of Mr, Morgan own Iietributers promised an increased sup-

 

 

ply from new soure . but Com-

      

 

 

 
 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

wutomoblles’’ inqutred Magistrate Con-
way, in the Jimaica police court. missioner Pillon ¢ ue representa
"Oh, yes, every man has his own ear’! tives in this ety declare the shortage
said the labore: will be greater than ever. Although the
Those in the courtroont Ustened with = ™ lk shorlage was felt everywhere deal-
interest and some commenced to figure | ets declare no milk famine is in sight,
the railroad fare totilon Cove But then Attorney-General Woodbury came to
they heard Lofresae wd $25, with the! town yesterday to familinrize himself
alternative of two day in jail and, With the sttuation and to prepare for hig
their dreams were shattered, for {investigation into milk conditions, whieh
| “Li take the two days in jail,” said | Will start lo-inorrow morning at the At.
Lofresse torney-General office, 299 Broadway,
a os = The it hom owl be direcged
ngair Dairyvmen’ League
SUFFOLK GRAND JURY STRIKES asd the milk distributer
Balks at Night Work When Extra Prices Jacked Up,
Pay Is Cut On, } Milk prices were Jacked up by several
milk companies a cent on different
, Rivenwran i. T, ott! 4-—Incensed at grades of milk, and now the prices of
fa law brought to the attention of the yarious companies vary. Dealers admit
Suffolk county authorities by State offl- they are suffering great losses in con-
clals, the © ‘ tarand rs struck sequence of the refusal of farmers to
last ninh't, ref wt uny Work @t) send milk Into the efty
aw night te The Mayor nt practically all his
| Heretot > ccounty has pad its official hours yesterday in conferences
| Grand J $ wth $150 added which he hoped would result in some
{for night w q state decided that plan that would elevr up the trouble
j such payment was egal, and said sy Attorney-General Woodbury ard hie
| “Then we t wrk nights.” said) daputy, Merton I, Lewis, t saw bim
the jurors ind then he had talk with the dis.
Court officer we ateo disgruntled tributers and the producers District
when they learned they are to receive, Attorney Swann and Health Commise
only $2 a day for court work hereafter, stoner Mmerson were present
and Burtia Mott, one of the officers, ree At the close of the conferences Mayor
marked that as he could make more | Mitchel aaid: .
lthen $3 «a day catching dogs at home “The conf nee resulted in a failure
jhe “guessed he would mosey along.” j to bring them together into any aeree-
| ! te ; ment The situation : is ,; reached ae
jp ompasse They are Meadlocked The
| YONKERS WAREHOUSE BURNS, | dealers say they cain not and will not
| aiid Ipay the price syed by the dalrymen
‘17 Horses Perish and Seven Motor | The conte oe bgt up with no pros.
TD a settlemer n
| Trucks Destroyed in Vire, y Reee Chee aus
' ‘ > '
| Passengers in the onain station of the The Dalry menu's Terms,
low Yo Central at Yonkers late last he Mayor made pub! the stipula-
night saw flarnes burst through the roof, tlons submitted by the dairyoer \fter
lof the large two story brick warehouse vetting forth the prices for milk teste
lof John J. Wither & Seon, across the, ing 3 per cent, butter fut demanded for
tracks Iv the time the fire department. each of the next six mo the proposl-
arrived in response to their alarin the: tion continued
i flames were beyond control, “The purchaser it tt respective
Seventecn horses were burned to. distrieta or stetions to take all of tha
death and seven automobile trucks were milic produced the members of tha
{ destroyed, with a large quantity of hay, Dualrymen’s League that comply with the
j feed and grain, in which the Wiffler firm rules and regulat pproved by the
deals) Three horses were saved, nuthorities of tie State of New York
| Kiremen from Hasting alded The Yon.) and the city supped
lkers department and the fire was) eon- “Payment for the milk to be mada
fined to the one building, The loss is Semiemonthiy, on the 2oth of each
estimated at $125,000, month for the first half of the current
| eae es ae a BT month and oon the loth of the month
for the last half of the previous month,
NEW WORLD WHEAT RECORD. '\  puniic statement by the) milk

dealers and distributers uddressed to the
Mayor or to the public, agreeing to ac-
jcept or to offer on their own initiative
‘a schedule of prices corresponding with
SpMONTON, Alberta, Oct, 4..—C, 8S. No- | the above will be accepted as forming
ble of Nobleford, Alberta, has a thou-|a anatisfactory agreement.”
sand acre tieid the wheat crop of which, The document wis signed by Commis.
threshed, give a yield of fifty-two! sioner Dillon and R. D, Cooper, chatr-
bushels to the acre, the highest ever| man of the executive committee of the
known in any part of the world, accord- | Dairymen’s League,
ing te eat'mates made to-day. The proposition
worid's record fur wheat was for- | utera, a» made public

The
merty held Whitman county, Wash- | cluded the
giclee CS

Yield of 53 Dushels to Acre Re-
ported in Alberta,

   
 
   
  
   
 

 

“ie made i

  
 
  
   
      
  
  
  
  
      
       
      
   
  
  
  
  
      
    
   
     
  
     
       
  
   
      
  
   
   
    
  
    
    
  
   
  
    

ta te nmrcne ntoton an

So eed

ae

end

——
a ae