VOL, LXXIIL—NO. &
UNIONS GET ALL THEY ASK,

BUT WILL TAKE ONLY HALF THE
SUBWAY JOBS JUST NOW,

 

mr. Belmont, Mr. Bryan and Supt, Hedley
to Keep Theirs for the Present—Inter-
borough's Capitulation Finished Withe
out Friction—To Be Signed To-day.

All the conferences and discussions
between the Interborough Rapid Transit
Company and the labor union leaders are
now over, and all talk of a strike by the
elevated railway employees is at an and.
The Interborough company has granted
practically all the demands made by the
labor unions, the imported strike break-
ing army has been disbanded, and, for
the present at least, there is to be no at-
tempt to interrupt the operation of
elevated trains or to delay the opening of
the subway.

All this was definitely decided at a con-
ference held in the Interborough offices,
195 Broadway, yesterday afternoon, be-
tween Mr. Bryan and Mr. Hedley, repre-
senting the Interborough company, and
the national officers and a committee
representing the three Jabor unions in-
volved. ‘the conference began at 2 o'clock
{n the afternoon and lasted without inter-
ruption until 8:30 last evening. At its
close Mr. Wilson of the Locomotive Fire-
men torsely summed up the situation by
saying:

“We have got everything.
tirely eatisfied.”

This was also the general tenor of the
comments of all the other lator leaders
involved. It was the same tone of ex-
ultant satisfaction in each instance, merely
the phraseology being varied.

Soemphatic were the expressions of some
labor leaders at the Broadway Central
Hotel yesterday morning as to their cer-
tainty of having everything their own way
with the Interborough company that the
tmpression got abroad that still more radi-
cal demands were to be made when the
committee met the railway officials later

. the afternoon,

Certain echoes of this talk at the Broad-
‘cay Central reached the administration
offices of the Interborough company dur-
ing the forenoon, and raised anew the spectre
of a possible strike. James Farley, who
with his army had been told on Tuesday
night that the danger was past and that he
might disperse his forces, while paying off
his men suddenly received a new order
from the company to keep his army intact,
as its services might yet be needed,

A hundred or more had already been
paid off and had gone away when this
urgent order came. The paying off was
instantly stopped, and all those then present
were told to report back to their posts for
duty. Messengers and telegrams were
rushed out after those who had gone away,
to bring them back at once. It was not
until @ o'clock in the evening that final and
definite orders came from Mr. Bryan's
office, where the conference was being
held, that everything at last was really
and truly over.

Ase matter of fact, there had been no need
of Parley and ltis men since the close of the
conférence the night before: It was only
the trtumpbant exuberance of some of
the mere enthusiastic labor leaders which
caused @ flurry.

But if the rumer reached the Interborough
management that the committee was go-
ing to insist that Mr. Belmont, Mr. Bryan
jand Mr. Hedley resign it was wholly un-
‘founded and there was never for a moment
the slightest occasion for the remobilizing

We are en-

   

 

MRS. M’KEE GETS $300,000.

Husband Settles That Sum on His Wife,
Who Was Secking Divorce.
Pirrspura, Pa., Sept. 7.—Friends of
the Phipps and McKee families have prac-
tically forced both to settle their differences
; Out of court. A. Hart McKee of New York
| has made a settlement with his wife, Lydia
Sutton McKee. She had asked for a divorce,
naming Mrs. Phipps as corespondent.

Dr, Sutton, father of Mrs. McKee, had
his local attorneys prepare an action for
divorce and another suit for £60,000, This
suit was to have been filed in New York,
McKee's attorney effected a settlement,
Mrs. McKee accepting $300,000.

The principal is to be invested, and Mrs,
McKee is to receive the interes®@during her
life. At her death the principal is to be
divided among the children of Mr. and Mrs.
McKee. Mrs. McKee is to retain custody
of the children, but Mr. McKee is privi-
leged to see them at intervals.

Mrs. McKee had been living in the Alle-
gheny Mountains during the summer, On
the settlernent with her husband she rented a
cottage at Southampton, L. I., where she is
residing. It is said Mrs. McKee has become
the neighbor of the family which first caused
the estrangement between herself and her
husband.

Dr. Sutton wanted his daughter to secure
$600,000. Sutton is pushing the suit against
his son-in-law for recover $100,000 alleged
to be due on investments which proved a
loss to Dr. Sutton

 

 

GREAT WAVES ON THE PACIFIC,
Lower California Coast Being Swept by
an Ocean Disturbance.

San Francisco, Sept. 7--All the coast
towns of San Diego, Los Ange'es and Santa
Barbara counties are threatened by great
waves rolling in from the Pacific, although
there is no wind. These waves began
last night and have been increasing in
force and height, rolling in at regular in-
tervals like great tidal waves.

Some waves are said to be as high as forty
feet, but this is probably exaggeration.
They threaten the long wharf at Hueneme,
At Terminal Island the sea has wrought
considerable havoc, and hundreds of men
are at work piling up sacks of sand to form
a breakwater. There is grave fear of seri-
ous damage to the work of constructing the
outer deep water harbor at San Pedro, Im-
mense waves are sweeping over the break-
water, and shipmasters lying outside are

be cast upon the rocks.

Several cottages are inundated at Long
Beach, and at Ocean Park the pleasure
wharf has been damaged considerably,
and no one is permitted to go on it.

The authorities regard the present dis-
turbance of the ocean as due to submarine
voleanic activity, as the whole coast is
volcanic. Weather Forecaster McAdie says
that it is due to a great storm between here
and Honolulu which has piled up monstrous
waves. No volcanic upheaval, in his
opinion, could have caused the regular re-
ourrence of these waves.

a
a

 

HORSE STOPSNEW HAVEN TRAINS.

Drage Surrey. Into Decp Cat Below Mount
Vernon and Halts Traffic.

Mount Vgenon, N. Y., Sept. 7.--Several
extpress and local trains on the New
Haven Railroad were delayed this after-
noon by a horse and surrey which became
lodged in a deep cut between Mount Ver-
non and Woodlawn. The horse and wagon
are owned by 8. Levin, a local hackman.
The animal was standing at the station
{and while the driver was in the baggage
| room took fright and ran down the tracks

 

a

ef the Farley troops to meet this possible | into the 60-foot out where the tracks are

ultimatum, which there is every reason
to believe the Interborough company
‘wouki net have yielded to under any cir-
‘cumstances without at least another con-
‘ference with Mr. Belmont himself.

It was purely a
to work out fn detail the terms of
Belmont’s general capitulation on

. The labor unions operating the
railway lines, in accepting Mr.

‘@ surrender of the main point in
question of paying subway

$8.50 instead of €3 a day—made a
blanket reservation as to a number
things, epperently, which they did not
as that moment see, but which they

they want when they came
take actual of the subway.
Ie wes to specify and include in the

2 that
‘fet It was e harmonious meoting
Deginning to end. The fact that it
. was of long duration was not due to dis-
gension, but aimply because the things the
unions wanted when they came to
lock: closely over the ground were nu-
merous and went rather minutely into
detail. It took a good while to list them
with that clearness which a written docu-
ment of such importance demanded. The
document, in fact, was not actually pre-
pered for signature even after the many
hours spent over it.

That was done last night after the meet-
ing adjourned. It will be signed by both
parties to the capitulation some time this
morning, and when that is done the last
vestige of the trouble incident to the Inter-
borough company’s recalcitrant attitude
will be obliterated.

So far from asking for more than every-
thing there was in sighi, it was found that
the labor union leaders approached the
matters involved yesterday with a broad
spirit of liberality. They consented, for
instance, to reserving only one-half of the
subway places for the elevated railway
employees instead of reserving all of them.
Furthermore, they consented to the fixing
of a time limit of ten days within which
this 50 per cent. of the elevated railway
men must exercise their option in regard
to the subway jobs. The ten days beg n
with and include to-day.

The questions of seniority and submis-
sion to some sort of physical examination
as a test of fitness for work were also met
¥ith a spirit of tolerance. The result
was a convention with which the labor union
leaders without exception are fully and
completely satisfied. There is to be no

ghange whatever in the officera of the .
terbor In accepting Mr, |

‘ough Conran:
Imont's sword the labor leaders allowed
to continue to hold his job. Mr. Bryan,
the vice-president and general manager,
and Mr. Hedley, the general superintendent,
@re also to be retained.

The g-neral s‘att at Mr. Belmont’s head-
quarters yesterday explained that. while
on other side had got everything there

as to get, the technical victory, from a
szategie point of view, rested with the
nterhorouzh company. The subway is
still there, Panzai! j

 

zm Beautiful Frontenac Hotel, Frontenac, N.Y.
and bee nttul reason on the St. Lawrence River
sthshing, Open during September.—Ade.

| depressed through Mount Vernon.

} A gang of Italians were at work in the
out, and when they saw the steed coming
down the tracks, taking switches and sig-
nal wires like a high bred hunter, they
dropped their picks and shovels and scram-
bled up the embankment. The horse con-
tinued his flight until he reached the Tenth
avenue bridge. Here the wheels of the
surrey caught in the signal wires and held
him fast.

Patrolman Moore, who had followed
the runaway, notified the operator in the
Mount Vernon tower to hold up the trains.
Half a dozen from both directions wero
stopped. One express was just entering
the out at Woodlawn when the engineer
saw the signal.

There was no way of getting the horse
out of the cut except to drive him either
to Woodlawn or Mount Vernon. Mount
Vernon is nearer, 80 Moore unhitched him
and drove him to the Mount Vernon sta-
tion. The surrey was dragged to one side,
and traffic was resumed.

MRS. M'VICKER’S WILL.
|
|

Prebated in Chicago After a Cross-Examl-
nation of Dr. Zeigler.

Cuicaao, Sept. 7.—Hinting that Mrs.
Harriet G. McVicker, widow of J. H.
MoVicker, before her death was worrying
over proposed changes in her will, but deny-
ing that he had ever received one cent from
her that was not rightfully his, although
admitting possession of her household
furniture and consenting to turn it over
to the heirs, admitting the existence of
a contract five years old and denying all
knowledge of the $69,000 and family jewelry
alleged to be missing, Dr. L. C. H. E. Zeigler
faced a raking fire of questions in the Pro-
bate Court to-day.

Dr. Zeigler showed a close knowledge
of Mrs. McVicker’s affairs in some ways
and an equally surprising lack of knowl-
edge of them in others. Most of the heirs,
including Horace McVicker and Mrs. Clara
B. Game, were in court. Tho will of Mrs.
McVicker was admitted to probate after
the questions of the attorneys without
objection from Dr. Zeigler.

Mrs. Clara B, Game and Mrs. Minnie Effey !

of San Francisco, the latter not mentioned
| in the will, proved their relationship as
| nieces, The estate is estimated to be worth
+ $274,000.

 

WOMAN LOST

Mrs. St. Clair Offers Finder Onc $1,000
Bill if He'll Return the Rest.

Mra. Georgia St. Clair of 13% East Thir-
tieth street went to the office of her lawyer
on Monday afternoon and drew $6,000
' four $1,000 bills and four $500 bills. She
1 pet it in a handbag. When she reached
\

ome the money was aver
Mrs. St. Clair said last night that she
the bills somewhere

| thought that she lost
' in the neighborhood of Thirtieth street and
| Fifth avenue. She said that the finder

$6,000.

 

uneasy lest their vessels drag anchor and }

NEW YORK,

| might keep one of the $1,000 bills if he -

| would return tle rest.

| GREAT GETTYSBURG BATTLEFIELD

| Is best seen by taking the Peonsylvania Rallroad
Tour to Gettysburg and Washington leaving Sep-
tember 24. $22 round trip, covering all necessary
expenses from New York. One day at Gettysburg
end two days in Washington.--Aér.

|

| Figures of Republican Victory Not Changed |

 

 

TAGGART’S SMILE COMES ORF

RESULT IN VERMONT A FACER
FOR THE PARKER MANAGERS,
Officially the Nominal Chairman Says
It Doesn't Mean Anything, but His
Looks Belie His Typewritten Opinion
—Republicans Take It Modestly.

 

The campaign managers at Democratic
national and State headquarters were upset
yesterday by the result of the State election
in Vermont. They affected to look upon
the big Republican victory as if they had
expected it and pooh-poohed the idoa that
the result might be used as the basis of
conclusions indicating popular feeling
throughout the country. But there was no
doubt that the Parker chieftains were
upset.

Cheerful Tom Taggart was silent for a
whole twelve hours.

“Wait until we get the official returns,”
he pleaded, with the loss of that smile which
had never come off since he was made
the nominal chairman of the national com-
mittee. “Until I know officially whether
or not the usual Republican majority has
been increased I can say nothing.”

Senator McCarren, who rarely says more
than six words in one effort, was affected
in the opposite way. Mr. McCarren found
it hard to keep his tongue quiet, With
unusual animation, for him, he walked
around the Hoffman House yesterday
endeavoring to find listeners to whom he
could explain just how it all came about in
Vermont and how ridiculous it was to sup-
pose that the result could be taken as giv-
ing a pointer on the possible result of the
national election next November.

“Why,” exclaimed Mr. McCarren in a
tone which nearly amounted to excite-
ment, “the result in Vermont means nothing.
A few thousand more or leas Republican
votes in Vermont are just about of as much
importance in trying tq get a line on the
general sentiment of the country as would
attach to a little increase or decrease in
the Democratic vote of Texas,”

Late last night, after Mr. Taggart had
been able to aasure himself that the pub-
lished figures of the Republican majority
in Vermont could be relied on, he issued a
typewritten statement. That from Tag-
gart is so much out of the ordinary that
it led to the conclusion that others than
he had had a hand in drawing it up. This
is what the statement said:

The result in Vermont is not surprising
in view of the unparalleled efforts made by
the Republicans and the quiet campaign
conducted by the Democrats. The Adminis-
tration concentrated all its forces and re-
sources upon that State, holding in the last
week 200 meetings. The candidate for Vice-
President, the Secretary of War, Speaker
of the House of Representatives, Senators

of the United States and LHepresenta-
tives in Congress, assisted by a host of
lesser lights, made urgent appeals to the

Republican farmers to go to the polls. More-
over, it was proclaimed throughout the State
that the President had promised the candi-
date for Governor to attend his inauguration
in case he obtained a majority of 40,000.

In view of these efforts, never made before
by any party in a September election, it Is
remarkable that the Administration did not
succeed in increasing the Republican majority.
Indeed, it did not even increase the Republican
vote. That doos not exceed 48,050, while in
1896 it was 53,426 and in 1900 it was 48,441.

The statement contained no retrerence
to the fact that the Republican plurality
would probably be larger than recorded
in any State election in Vermont for the
jast thirty years. When this fact was
pointed out to Mr. Taggart he remarked
that he had nothing to gay outside of what
had been set out in his typewritten atate-
ment.

The New York managers of Judge Park-
er's campaign are most disturbed over the
result, because they fear for the effect it
will have on the country generally. They
did not agree with the opinion expressed
(for publication) by Mr. Teggart that the
Republican victory can be explained by
efforts made by the Republicans to carry
the State. Some of them admitted that the
Democrats had made the strongest sort of
fight in Vermont. Many of the ablest
speakers in the Democratic party have been
sent through the State, and it has been
flooded with Demooratic literature pre-
pared especially for the consumption of
the Vermont voters.

One of the foremost of the managers
of the Parker campaign went so far last
night as to declare that he thought a mis-
tale had been made in ever making an effort
to reduce the Republican majority in Ver-
mont.

“If we had let the State go by default,”
he said, “nothing would have been thought
of it, even if the Republicans had piled up
a bigger plurality than that of 1806. But
now there is no getting behind the fact that
we put up a hard fight, and that knowledge |
cannot but have a bad moral effect on the !
Democratic campaign.”

Although there was a great deal of ela-
tion at the Republican national head-
quarters over the Vermont election, no
public expression of it was given. |

|

a
pn

 

Cortelyou bad ordered that there should
be “no crowing,” 80 the only comments
to be obtained were from visiting Repub-
licans not attached officially to the national
committee.

Representative Babcock, chairman of
the Republican Congress committee, said:

“Hurrah for the farmer. He’s the fel-
low that made that big vote. I am de-
lighted to see the vote in Vermont, be-
cause it shows that the farmer is willing
to vote his approval of existing conditions.
There is no doubt in my mind that the
farmers everywhere are going to do just
what tho farmers in Vermont have done.”

“The significant thing about the Ver-

i mont election,” said Representative Dal-

zell of Pennsylvania, “is that the people |
were satisfied. There was no apathy.
Their minds were fully made up, and when
election day came they went out and voted.
I believe that this is the situation to-day
over all the gountry.”

VERMONT PLURALITY, 31,500,

 

 

Matertaly by Later Beturns,

MONTPELIER, Vt., Sept. 7.—The returns,
practically complete, from yesterday's
election show a Republican plurality of
$1,560. The Senate is Republican unen- |
imously and the Democrats lose ten seats
in the House. it ae

Fusion tickets for high license were beaten
in three counties,
TOUR TO GETTYSBURG AND WASHINGTON,

Pennsylvania Railroad Personally Conducted
Fall Tour, September 24 to 20, $22 covers all neces-

sary expenses from New York City. Consult
Tourist Agent, 268 Fifth Avenue, New York.— Adr.

 

 

 

 

Hay fever loses its grip in the Adirondack Moun -
tains. New York Central Ucket agent will tell you
Where to go.~-Ade.

f = \

Wednesday; $20 round trip.

 

CANDIDATE DAVIS TALKS,

Sorry the Money of Farmers Supports a
Army tn the Philippines,
WHEELING, W. Va., Sept. 7.—Henry G.
Davis, Democratic candidate for Vice-
President of the United States, visited
the West Virginia State fair this afternoon.
He greeted hundreds of the old fellows of
West Virginia whom he had not seen in
fifty years. There was a_ continual
procession of mountaineers to Mr. Davis's
room this morning. The latchstring hung

out loosely.

Mr. Dayis spoke at 1:30 to 10,000 West
Virginians in the grand stand and said
he deprecated the fact that so much of
their treasure had gone to support an army
in a foreign land. He said the agriculture
of a country was far above its manufactures
in importance and that no country ever
declined until it neglected agriculture

He said that the Government paid only
$5,000,000 to aid and encourage agriculture,
yet it could spend $150,000,000 to support an
army in the Philippines. In conclusion
Mr. Davis said that he had been a farmer
in his young days and had undergone all
the arduous work that a farmer lad should
do, and, with the help of God, he expected
to continue to be a farmer for many years
to come.

This evening Senator Davis was the guest
at a reception tendered by the Democratic
leaders of West Virginia. They were here
inscores,and Mr. Davis greeted every one
with a hearty handshake and a benevolent
smile.

 

CURIOUS ABOUT &M. KY

 

Women tn “LL, B. B.'s’? Carriage Strangely
Affected by Body of Park Sulcide.

Two women, both heavily veiled, drove
to the Morgue yesterday afternoon in a
carriage and asked the morgue keeper to
show them the body of the woman who
committed suicide in Central Park last
Friday, One of the women was about
60 years old, the other much younger.
Both were heavily veiled. A maid accom-
panied them but remained jin the carriage
at the gate.

The Morgue keeper showed the body
and the dead woman's clothes, The elder
of the visitors seemed to turn faint at the
sight. The younger woman supported
her, It seemed to the Morgue keeper that
they had been there before since this body
was found, They did not look like the
normal run of morbid visitors.

“Did you know this woman?” he asked
the younger of the two.

“N-no,” she replied, with a little hesita-
tion. “We only read about her in the
papers.”

The two returned to their carriage, the
older woman murmuring * Poor girl! Poor
girl!”

She was asked if any
family was missing.

“No,” she said, -“Not—not that.”

The carriage drove toward Fifth avenue.
On the panel was a crest bearing a unicorn
and the monogram “L.'B. R.”

It was remembered afterward at the
Morgue that the suicide left a note which
read: \

J. R.—Don't forget what you have, done
to me.—M. K. “fa,

NEGRO RIOT IN PHILADELPHIA,

Mob Attacks Colored Men Indiscriminately
—Police Rescue Them.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 7.—Endeavoring to
escape an angry mob, James Parker, a negro,
aged 24 years, of 935 Percy street, raced
through the streets near Ontario Park to-
night, beating with a blackjack every one
who blocked his path.

When the negro was finally cornered in a
cigar store at Eleventh and Poplar streets
it was all that the police could do to restrain
the mob from lynching the man. The com-
bined efforts of four policemen finally landed
Parker in the station house,

Then began a reign of terror for all the
negroes in that part of the city. Until far
into the night thousands of men paraded
the streets, seeking negroes and crying
vengeance. Several times the police of the
Tenthand Thompson streets stations wrested
negroes from the wild crowd that had ropes
for lynching, and locked them up to protect
them, There were eight negroes in the sta-
tion house after midnight.

Parker's rampage started at Ontario
Park at Thirteenth and Thompson streets.
He was heard quarrelling with two boys,
Edward McDermott, aged 10 years, of 1015
Lawrence street, and Joseph Powder-
maker, aged 11, of 819 Columbia ayenue,

member of her

 

 

and is alleged to have been seen to raise his | h

arm suddenly and bring down a blackJack
upon the head of the younger boy.

Then, according to the police, the negro
sent the club crashing into the face of the
other boy. The youngsters tried to hold
the negro and shrieked loudly for help.
More than 1,000 persons were in the park
at the time listening to the music of the
Municipal Band.

CORTELYOU

 

GONE WEST.

 

To Give a Week to Chicago Headquarters
and Keep the Fire Agoing.
Chairman Cortelyou of the Republican
national committee went to Chicago yes-
terday to look over the work being done
at the Western headquarters of the national
committee and also (so it was whispered
in the Metropolitan Building) to add fuel
to the fat frying process in the Western
centres. Mr. Cortelyou expects to be
away about a week. In his absence head-
quarters here will be supervised by Treas-
urer Cornelius N. Bliss and Senator Scott.

KILLED BY PROCTOR'S AUTO.

A Man Crushed to Death While Crossing
a Street In Harlem,

A man, apparently about 40 years old,
got off a northbound trolley car at 120th
street and Madison avenue at 12.30 o'clock
this morning and started across the street.
An automobile driven hy John Haverty of
724 Eleventh avenue and owned by F. F.
Proctor, the theatre man, was coming
down Madison avenue at that moment.

The man did not see the auto, and stepped
squarely in front of it. Haverty had no
time to slow up,and the machine struck
the man and passed over his body, When

he was picked up it was found that his
chest had been crushed and his collarbone
broken.

He died before an ambulance got him to
the Harlem Hospital. Haverty was locked
We in the East 126th street police station,
charged with homicide.

The man who was killed wore dark clothes,
a white outing shirt and a black derby hat.

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1904.—Copyrioht, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.
|| WARNING SERVED ON ODELL,

   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

 

 

|

 

He was about 5 feet 5 inches in height. ;

There was nothing in his pockets by which
he could be identified.
WORLD'S FAIR, DON'T MISS IT.

Surpasses anything ever before attempted.
Superb train service via Pennsylvania Ratiroad.
Jow rates. Ten-day Coach artece nen every
Adr.

| said the young man, and stopped sud-

   

 

LYNCHED DESPITE SOLDIERS.

Mob Kills a Negro in Huntsville, Ala.—Sol-
diers Disarmed.

HunTsvILie, Ala., Sept. 7—Another com-
pany of Southern militia to-night showed
its inefficiency by allowing a negro here,
whom they were called out to protect, to
be lynched, The negro was Horace Maples.

The jail was set afire by the mob and
Maples jumped through a window into the
crowd, He was chased down and taken
to the lawn of the county court house and
hanged at 10:25 P, M. The negro con-
fessed the crime and implicated three other
men,

Solicitor Pettus and Hon. John H. Wallace
attempted to make a diversion by making
speeches, but the crowd would not hear
them. The negro Wwas swung up in the
presence of about 4,000 peraons, and the
body wae riddled with bullets. The jail
‘was seriously damaged. All attempts to
bring more militia here failed, as no special
trains could be obtained,

 

COL, DADY TELLS THE GOVERNOR-
CHAIRMAN TO PLAY FAIR,

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  

And Is Told That Odell Isn’t Triff¥g With
the Compact Not to Boom Higgins
for Governor—Assured That the Fur
Will Fly for Woodruff if He Does:

Governor-Chairman Odell was some-
what disturbed yesterday at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel by a visit from Col. Michael
J. Dady, who is Timothy L. Woodruff's
chief associate in the management of the
Republican machine of Kings county.
Col. Dady imparted to the Governor-Chair-
man the outcome of the meeting of Brook-
lyn Republicans held in the office of Silas
B. Dutcher the day before, when it was
decided that if Odell did not keep inviolate
the compact to allow the delegates to the
Saratoga convention to select the candi-
date for Governor, Mr. Woodruff’s friends
would kick up their heels and make a
smashing preliminary fight for delegates

anes aily we eee waa Shs ee ae Early in the evening the guard lines of
Governor-Chairman informed Col. Dady the soldiers on the streets leading to the

jail were broken and the sentinels disarmed

that so far as he was concerned the
One of them was shot through

compact had been kept and that there
would be no foreign interference with the
choice of a candidate for Governor at
Saratoga.

Col, Dady, it was said, was rather warm
in his remarks to the Governor-Chairman,
and while ready to take the Governor-
Chairman at his word, Mr. Woodruff's other
friends last night were still at fever heat
over what they declared to be the Governor-
Chairman's efforts to nominate Frank Way-
land Higgins for Governor.

The Governor-Chairman had talks with
ex-Goy. Frank S, Black, Louis F, Payn
and Senator George R. Malby, and an-
nounced later that J. Sloat Fassett is to be
temporary chairman of the Saratoga con-
vention, Mr, Woodruff having declined the
honor.

Most of the talk yesterday favored the
nomination of Mr. Higgins for Governor.
There were still a few who said that Mr.
Woodruff would be nominated or know
the reason why, and that the fight between
the Woodruffites and the Governor-Chair-
man might become so acute that an outside
candidate like Hamilton Fish of Garrison
or Francis Hendricks of Syracuse might
be nominated. The Governor-Chairman
said that he would go to Saratoga on Sat-
urday. Senator Platt is to be there on
Monday. On Tueaday, the day before the
convention assembles, there is to be a con-
ference of Republicans from all over the
State about the situation.

It was the testimony of Republicans at
the hotel last night that not since the days
of the bitterness between the Warner Miller
and the Platt wings of the party have the
personal comments been so bitter. It
wouldn't do to print half what was eaid
yesterday, One sample remark will give
an indication of the feeling.

“I see that Senator Brackett wants Odell
nominated for Governor again,” said one
of the influential Republicans who con-
fefred with the Governor-Chairman yee-
terday. “Well, that’s all right, Brackett
oug e
Odell and in th
the support of Dick Canfield and the gam-
bling fraternity of the State,”

RAMMED SUBWAY STATION.

forcibly.
the arm,

The mob gained possession of the ground
floor of the jail. Sheriff Rodgers and a
squad of militiamen were on the floor above
and tar and feathers were burned below
them to smoke them out. This set the jail
on fire.

Maples murdered FE. U. Waldrop, an aged
white pedler, whose body was found last
night near Belle factory. The man’s brains
were beaten out and his pockets rifled.

Hoping to quiet the mob, a special Grand
Jury was empanelled this afternoon, and
a true bill charging Maples with murder
in the first degree was reported.

Cc. H. MACKAY IN AUTO UPSET.
Machine Collided With a Farmer's Wagon
and Was Overturned.

MINEOLA, L. 1., Sept. 7.-Clarence Hi.
Mackay was on his way to New York in
his automobile last night and was driving
across Edison’s Corners, at East Williston,
when the machine came into collision with
a wagon driven by Richard Reilly, a farmer
of East Williston. The wagon was demol-
ished and the auto toppled over on its
side,

Mr. Mackay was sitting in front with a
driver and another driver sat in the rear
seat. They were all pitched out. Mr. Mackay
escaped with a scratch on the right knee.
The driver who sat beside him was unhurt.
The other driver, whose name is Von Klein,
received contusions of the legs and arms
and an abrasion of one foot. Reilly, who
is 50 years old, was thrown violently to the
ground and injured about the lege and
arms. The automobile was laid up for re-
pairs at a farmhouse and Mr. Mackay con-
tinved his trip in a wagon, after seeing
that Reilly and Von Klein were being prop-

 

 
 

 

 

 

100 DEGREES IN FRISCO.

 

Heat Records for September Broken in
That City—Visitors Prostrated.
San Francisco, Sept. 7.—The record for
Charlotte and Harriet Took a Dislike to It | heat in September was broken to-day,
—Auto Was a Sight After Jolt. when at 3 P. M. the thermometer scored
Two young women driving an electric | 100.02 degrees inthe shade. The hot wave
automobile lickety split down Broadway | struck the city yesterday, and several
about 10 o'clock last night pulled up at the | prostrations from heat occurred among
southeast corner of Fiftieth street just in | those in the parade of the Knights Tem-
time to avoid flattening an indignant fruit | plars. Yesterday the highest mark was 92
vender who regarded them darkly and | degrees.
called them names in thp dialect of Calabria. Late to-night it is predicted that fog will
She who handled the controller rocked | roll in from the ocean. There is little
in her seat and looked at the new subway | humidity in the atmosphere, and the heat
station on the corner with obvious disap- | is not more enervating than 75 degrees in
proval. New York. Throughout the State the heat
“Do you dare me to butt into the ugly | is intevse, several places inthe San Joaquin
thing, Charlotte?” she said to her com- | Valley reporting 130 degrees in the shade.
panion, This is dry heat. With humidity it would
“Sure,” said Charlotte, cheerfully. be unbearable.

it good and hard.” 2
The driver backed the machine and sent RIVER
it ahead like a shot. It emashed into tho a

little house of steel and glass. The two ;
women were thrown out but got up un- | Reorganizers Get the Property at Auction
on a Bid of $1,000,000,

hurt, laughing gayly. The auto was a
Quincy, Mass., Sept. 7.—The property

Set aie leeds had ates the

anopied t Pt ri chi ; PEA

ganopied tp Of tie frame ape bie maces of the Fore River Ship and Engine Company
was sold at public auction to-day to the

was wrenched ou of all resemblance
an auto.
“Guess Jim'l! have a fit when he sees | reorganization intereats for $1,000,000, and
the new concern has been incorporated as
the Fore River Shipbuilding Company of

 

 

“Ram

 

SHIP SOLD.

FORE co.

 

is little wagon, won't he?” remarked
Charlotte, gazing at the wreck critically.

Then. the happy pair boarded a north-
bound Columbus avenue car.

Five minutes later, when a crowd had
athered, a young man carrying a heavy
decorum appeared
yuttered

‘lo

chusetts, with a capital stock of $4,800,000.

The capital comprises 24,000 shares each
of common and 6 per cent. non-cumulative
preferred stock, The incorporators are
Joseph Renick, Henry W. Palmer, Lau-
rence A. Ford, Reginald Bradley and Daniel
W. Weeks. The amount of the outstanding
| indebtedness was given a8 $1,606,000,

The bid of the new company was the
only one received,

oad with dignity and
in a cab. He took a look at the
machine and cursed fervently.
cop who approached him he saia:

“I was with those two girls in Pabst’s

lace on the Circle. We had a few high-
halls and things. When we got ready to
leave, the girls went out ahead. I was |
detained paying the wailer. When I got
outside I saw the machine streaking it
down the street. Then I hired a cab and
gave chase, and here I am,”

“Here vouare,” repeated thecop. “Now, '
if your will tell me the names of these frisky
ladies I'll pinch ‘em for you.”

“They're Charlotte and

the

 

TO SEND BACK GYPSY BAND

 

 

 

Unless Washington Interferes—Biggest ef
Deportations.

The band of about two hundred and sixty
gypsies which landed at Ellis Island from
the Cunarder Carpathia a week ago will be
sent back to Liverpool in a body unless the
decision of the Board of Special Inquiry is
reversed by the Washington authorities,
to whom appeal has been made. It is be-
lieved at Ellis Island that Washington will
indorse the decision of the board, If it
does, the deportation will be the largest in
the history of the Immigration Bureau.

About forty of the gypsy childrenare in a
hospital in Brooklyn ill of measles, and the
band will not be sent away until the little
ones are well enough to travel,

NEW BRIDGE CARS BY NOV, 1.
The Mayor Hurries Along Rapid Transit
to Willlamsbarg.

Mayor McClellan for some time has been
receivin': a number of inquiries as to when
cars would run across the Williamsburg
bridge Yesterday he summoned Bridge
Commissioner George E. Hest to the City
Hall fora conference. Afterward the Mayor
announeedt that Mr. Best had assured’ him
that through cars would be running across

the Williamsburg bridge by Novy. 1.

ob Taylor Marrics Again.
Bristo., Tenn., Sept. 7.—hx.-Gov. Bob
Taylor, the fiddler and lecturer, whose

second wife recently got a divorce from
him, was mnarried to-day for the third time.

Harriet——”

“Never mind. Thev're good fel-
lows. I wouldn't have ‘on arrested for
two machines, but I call it rotten hard
luck, that's what I call it.”

“So do I,” said the sympathetic cop.

An express wagon removed the wrecked
machine. The young man sat mournfully
on the front seat with the driver.

CHOOSE , DELEGATES TO-NIGHT.

denly.

 

 

Republican and Tammany Conventions
to Be Routine Affairs.

Both the Republican and the Tammany
Assembly district conventions for the
election of delegutcs and alternates to the
State conventions of cach party will be
held to-night. On the Tammany side there
are to be no contesting tickets, and it is
understood that at none of the conven-
tions ¥ ill an attempt be made to paas resolu-
tions of preference for any particular candi-
date for Governor.

lt is believed also that no effort
be made at any of the Republican conven-
tions to instruct the delegates. The in-
structions sent out to the Republican and
Tammany organizations are to elect dele-

ates only,and not to interfere in the situa-
tion by directing the delogates.

In the Republican conventions the only
trouble expected is in the Nineteenth dis-
trict, where Congressman Douglas, who
was defeated’ at the recent primaries, may
try to make good his claim that he will
be able to control the district conventions,
If Mr. Douglas intends to put another
ticket before to-night's convention in the |
Nineteenth Assembly district, however,
he had not made the fact known in the
district last night.

 

 

 

 

basGov,

|
|
|
will |
|
!
|
|
|
|
|

WHEN YOU ARE SICK USE
Dewey's Hort Wine and Grape Julee.
Desk T. Dewey & Sons Co., 18s Fulton St., N. Yer
i”

 

Insist upon having Barnett's Vanilla.—Ade.

   
   

Quinoy, Mass., under the laws of Massa-

Cate ®

THuRsDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1904,
Partly cloudy to-day; fair to-morrow. *-

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

——

 

 

NO HEAVY FIGHTING EXPECTED
TILL ARMIES HAVE RESTED.

 

Estimates of the Casualties New as High
as 70,000—Trainloads of Wounded
Going North Through Mukden—Chinese
Forced Under Fire at Port Arthur.

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 7.—Beyond the
announcement that Gen. Kuropatkin is
at Mukden, which he reached to-day, and
that skirmishing is still going on, there is
no news from the front. The General Staff
is either uninformed or the censorship is
being enforced.

It was stated at midnight that nothing
was known of a retreat beyond Mukden.
It is the impression here that such a retreat
is virtually impossible, owing to the physi-
cal exhaustion of the army, which must
also be the same condition of the Japanese
forces, This consideration leads to the
expectation that there will be no immediate
renewal of the fighting.

Practically nothing is known as to what

| defences have been constructed at Mukden.
It is axsumed that they are strongly de-
fensive and that fighting will follow the
recuperation of the combatante,
' The General Staff gave out a statement at
| 5 o'clock this afternoon that there was no
' news from Gen, Kuropatkin's army leading
to the supposition that any part of the Rus-
sian rear guard has been isolated.

This morning's Novoe Vremya publishes
a pessimistic message from Mukden, of
yesterday's date, foretelling further losses
for the Russians because the enemy “pos-
sesses the initiative.”

Tonvon, Sept. 8.—The Russian reports
that Gen. Kuropatkin has reached Muk-
den with the bulk of his army constitute
| the only news this morning, and what elee
| has happened in the last two or three days
| js entirely unknown here. The estimate of
j the casualties continues to increase, the
| latest being that the losses on both aides

amount to 60,000 or 70,000 men.
| A despatch to the Daily Mail from Ku-
| pantae, dated yesterday, says railway cars
| at the rate of eighty a day, loaded with
'
|

RUSSIANS GET TO MUKDEN.

 

 

 

wounded, are passing through the station
at Mukden. The injuries of those wounded
by shrapnel are of a frightful nature, A
majority of the sufferers succumb on the
| way to the hospital. Civilians are hastily
| leaving Mukden, which is full of dejected
| looking soldiers, Heavy fighting con-
tinues north of Liaoyang.

The Mail's correspondent says corre-
spondents of London and New York papers

| arrived at Kupantse from Liaoyang on
Wednesday. They keenly resent their
treatment by the Japanese. They state
that foreign correspondents see nothing
of the fighting and are treated as spies,
while native correspondents are permitted
to witness the fighting and telegraph their

papers freely.

A despatch from Rome says that, in
pursuance of Gen. Kuropatkin’s orders,
Mukden has since Sunday been prepared

   
  
     
  

‘further to the north. e tho
bridges, and even trees that might cover
or facilitate the Japanese advance,

The Russians are guarding the passage
of the Hun River. All preparations have
been made for the abandonment of Mukden.

The traffic station has been moved to
Hsingtaitse, and orders have been given to
be ready to move it to Tsehangtu.

Toko, Sept. 7.—The populace here is
still celebrating the victory, no official
details of which are yet published, nor has
there been official news of any kind since
Sunday. It is assumed that Gen. huroki
is still conducting important operations
against the enemy. Unofficial reports say
| that a large force of Russians remains
| near Yingsuitze, south of Yentai.

There are no reliable estimates as to what
the Japanese captured at Liaoyang. There
are merely vague statements that great
quantities of guns and ammunition were

found there.

|
|

 

 

DASHING JAPANESE ATTACK.

Men Throw Away Their Cents in the Heat
of Battle.
Special Coble Despatch to THE SUN.

LonpoN, Sept. 8—The correspondent
of the Daily 2fail, vith Gen. Kuroki’s head-

| quarters, in a despatch cated Aug. 28,
sends a picturesque story of the events

| Seeeie the capture of Anping, from

which the following extrects are taken:

| *On the night of Aug. 25, an attack was
made upon the first Kussian position. Cor-
respondents were not permitted to wit-
ness this assault, being kept behind a ridge
until morning. A severe hand to hand
| fight “as reported to have taken place,
and the Russians were finally driven back
| en the double quick upon the main posi-
tion, which wes at the top of a gigantic
line of hills.

Lieut.-Col, Yosheda was killed early in

the fight. The Russian position was ex-
ceedingly strong. On the left was a long
line of mountain ridges gradually shelving
downward. On the front and right were
straight slopes, which descended in very
steep fashion for 600 feet and then were bent
at sharper angles. On the slopes were
planted maize, millet and potatoes. The
Japanese movements were greatly ham-
| pered by the configuration of the coun-
try, which is an unceasing succession of
mountains, almost pathless, which made
it impossible to bring forward the field
guns, and mountain artillery was therefore
used,

“A battery planted upon a ridge which
had been captured earlier in the morning
opened fire on the Russians with shrapnel.
The Russians promptly replied. Mean-
while the Japanese infantry advanced in
arc shaped formation, massing at every
convenient point of shelter. They soon
reached the foot of the mountain, where
the angle of the slope afforded protection.

“From the hill opposite I saw a steady,
persistent move forward, now by twos
and threes and now in long lines, as the
Japanese crept from point to point. Then
a heavy fusillade began, The Japanese
tore of their coats in order to move more
freely and thus presented splendid white
marks to the enemy. The Japanese gun-
ners apparently found it difficult at first
to get the exact range. Soon, however,
spurting smoke and fame showed where

the respective batteries of the two com-
; batants were working ruin.

i “There was a ceaseless crackle from
! the front, and the blue haze above the
| rifle pits revealed the presence of infantry

 

To West Polnt or Newburg and return by Day
Line steamers, $1.0). Scenery Music.—A@®

for an attack, though it is believed that
the Russians will take up their positions

men are employed in demolishing houses,

a — am

boa. tte

ttle ioe