VOL, LXX.—NO, 324.

 
   

BOLT STRIKES 20 CHILDREN.

WERE PLAYING
TREES IN THE

UNDER
BRONX.

THEY
BIG

 

Nine Burned and Made Blind for a Time
by Lightning, and Clothing ‘Torn From
one ‘The Storm Started in New Jersey
and Yook Tornado Track—Hall Falls.

Twenty children playing under trees in
a yard of one of the finest residences in

the Bedford Park section of The Bronx
were struck down yesterday afternoon by
g bolt of lightning, the opening gun of
th irpest storm that has hit that see-
tlon in some time

Phe bolt stunned every one of the score
of playmates, burned nine of them severely
and tore the clothes completely off thirteen-
year-old William MeComb, son of William

J MeComb, the superintendent of the
building firm of Sloane & Moller, at 428
Kast Sisty-fourth street,

The children were playing in Mr.
MeComb’s rear vard. When the shadow
of the approaching shower darkened the

shy the group gathered under two trees
that stand in the back yard--a big chestnut
onda lerger oak, whieh grew up by chance
hardly six feet apart.

While the children were playing they
were being watched more or leas by their
rents, all of whom live near the McCombs.
They clso hed two other interested spec-

tators, Fathers Daniel F. X. Burke and
Patton of the Roman Catholie Church of
St Philip Neri, right across the way. The

priests had heen drawn to the window hy
the hapoy laughter of the children,

Oneof the girls inthe party, Carrie Tobias,
vas s tting in the swing that was suspended

efron) a branch of the chestnut tree, and the
rest of the group were swinging her
With not a raindrop as a warning, the
olf then struck fairly in the centre of
‘he crowd of childven. The priests, who
were almost blinded by the flash, say that
syery child was struck down, Half of

© group got up and staggered away a

few steps and then van for their homes.

The rest lay still on the ground
The priests were the first to reach the
vard. ‘They expected to find every child

there dead, The first sign of life came
Willie MeComb's bird dog
The dog had been knocked unconscious
and the fur had been burned off four inches
of his tail. The pain in that member ap-
parently brought him to. The dog jumped
up and ran like mad in the streets of Bed-
ford Park for an hour and a half. Then
he went. calmly into his home and straight
to the bed where Willie McComb had mean -
while been taken.

The dog's master, Willie, had the most
wonderful escape of the whole party.
Kvery stitch of his clothing was torn from
his body by the lightning. The priests
carried him, naked, into his home, while
the rain descended in a torrent. Willie's
undershirt and one of his stockings were
burned or blown completely away, Not
a shred of them could be found. Every
other piece of clothing he wore looked
as if it had been through a meat grinder
Even his shoes, which were torn from his
feet, were all chopped and torn up.

Willie's sister Sadie and brother Harold
got off a little better. Sacie’s shoes were
torn from her feet and Harold lost every
button on his clothes

The bolt, whieh gouged a strip tnree
inches deep from the chestnut tree, broke
the swing rones and Carrie Tobias was
left uneonacious on the ground. Her
clothes weren't burned, but the lightning
left a broad streak of vivid red on her hack.

The first thing that the priests and other
persons who ran to the yard did wae to
carry the unconscious children into the
MeComb house. While Dr. D.F Dunn and
other physicians were being summoned
the priests went back to their house and
got liniment and bandages.

All of the children except Willie and
Sadie MeComb soon revived. Willie was
the last to he brought to his senses. For
two hours after that he couldn't see a thing,
although his mind was apparently clear

fram

even at that time. ‘ine lightning had
struck his bedy at the right shoulder. It
ceattered from that point, leaving burned
patches all over his body. It got together
again on the inside of his left leg and ran
down that leg to his foot in a path of red
two inches wide

When Willie was asked laat night
t had felt, he said:

‘Tdidn't feelanvthing. All of a sudden,
though, T saw a lot of angels.”

The doctors say he will auffer no serious

how

consequences. His sister Sadie couldn't
walk last evening, but the doctors say her
feet were paralyzed onlv temporariy,.

She, too, was blind for a couple of hours.
The children seriously injured are:

LTONS, WILLTAM, 13 years old, of 3082 Villa av ;
burns of the face, body and arms, RANE
McComn, WILLIAM, 138 years old, of 2024 street
ny avenue; burns of face, body, right
id both feet; was blind for two hours
rcame consclous
SADIE, 15 years old, sister of above;
! in spots on body; both feet paralyzed tem-
porariy: was blind for several hours.
‘ McComm, HAROLD, 11 years old, brother of above;
‘ims of face, hands and body
_ MOMURRAY, EDWARD, 13 years old, of 9080 Villa
wenie: bums of face, arms and neck
THRAY, CHARLES, 12 years old,
above, burns of face and neck
MeMrrray, MARGUERITE, 10 years old, sister
above: burns of face and neck.
PRINCE, NORMAN, 18 years old, of 3086 Villa
Wwenue. burns of face, arms and back
ATAR, Camptr, 14 years old, of Anthony ave-
ear 202) street; back burned a wide streak

 

 
 

he t
McComa
hurne

 

mic brother

'
of

nt

nto
; Several children who were in the group
ut got away hefore the priests reached the
Yard, were treated at their homes by doc-
‘ora last evening. It is said that none of
hese children was seriously hurt. One or
‘wo of them were burned slightly.

The rain that followed the stroke of
lightning drenched some of The Bronx. It
came down in a limited area of the horough
but it was very wet :

Lightning struck the steeple of the Firat
Methocdint Episeopal Church in Mount
“rion and badly damaged it. In New
ochelle there was a heavy hailstorm.
Telephone and telegraph wires in the county
were blown down and the service crippled.

HAILSTORM IN NEW JERSEY.

The storm that passed to the north of the
‘hickly populated part of this city appears
fo have travelled up from New Jersey,
following the tornado track, which is from
Southwest to northeast,

A high windstorm passed over Morris-

ti \ J, about 3 0'clock in the afternoon,
fe stones as large as marbles fell and broke
‘° windows of several houses.
In Chatham, trees were uprooted and
small houses blown over Jhen a train

“the Lackawanna railroad, scheduled

10 arrive there at 3:15, was within half
‘mile of town, three trees and a large
‘legraph pole fel! across the track a short
distance in front of the engine. The en-
aiisor stopped the train before it reached
ne obstruction and the train crew
went to work clearing the track, It took

them an hour to do it, and all the afternoon
“ns were delayed an hour.
small wash-outs were reported.

Several

 

Carlo. |

 

|
|

WAR NEAR IN FAR EAST.

UnoMolal Statement at the Russian 1
tion in Pekin,
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam SuN.

PEKIN, July 20.Mr. Conger, the Ameri-
can Minister, to-day had an interview with
Prince Ching, head of the Board of Foreign
Affairs, in accordance with instructions
from Washington, inspired by what is be-
lieved here to be the meaningless represen-
tations of Russia, for the purpose of fore-
ing China's signature to the American com-
mercial treaty. Since the first refusal of
M Lessar, the Russian Minister, to assist
in securing the signing of the treaty,
no communications have been exchanged
with the Russian Legation regarding the
convention,

It is, therefore, unknown at the American
Legation whether M. Lessar has been in-
structed according to the assurances given
to the Washington Government. These
assurances, as reporied here, are regarded
as entirely inadequate to the necessities of
the case. It is reported among the legations
that Japan has sent inquiries to St. Peters-
burg which are calculated to determine
immediately the question of peace or war.

It ia unofficially stated at the Russian Le-
gation to-day that war is near. Prince
Ching professes to hope for a peaceful
settlement. The Chinese declaration that
Manchurian ports will be opened is ree
garded as worthless.

SET ADRIFT AT

 

 

SEA.

Two of a Ship's Crew Say They Were Put
Of the Vessel In the Gulf.

NEW O8LFANS, July 20.—William T.

Hendrick and John Drew, mate and able

seaman of the small sailing ship Richard

_.| HITAUBR GLOVES FOR INDIANS

‘

Bingham of Pensacola, arrived here to-day |

from Belize with a tale of being set adrift
atsea. They came on the steamer Aurelen,
having been sent to New Orleans by the
United States Consul at Belize.

According to Hendrick's story, Capt.
R. 1. Merritt of Pensacola, master of the
Richard Bingham, has been on a continuous
drunk for several months,
the Gulf of Mexico, in the early part of
July, the captain's rum gave out. This
left him in a nervous condition and with
the idea that the mate and crew intended
to mutiny and kill him. He armed himeelf
with a rifle and two pistols, and was never
seen without them. Growing worse, he
chained Hendrick and Drew to their bunks.
They were kept chained for four days,
when Capt. Merritt informed them that
they were to be turned adrift in the mid-
dle of the Gulf.

This was done on July 8 the men
being lowered into a yawl, with three
cases of corn, two of tomatoes, two pounds
of pork, two of crackers and five gallons of
water. Hendrick succeeded in getting
the yaw! to Cozumel Island, off the coast
of Yucatan, just as the provisions ran
out. They then got to St. Michaels,
where they were taken by a British sloop
to Belize. The men announce their inten-
tion of prosecuting Capt. Merritt, and have
started for Pensacola, from which place
the Bingham carries coal to Belize.

ARCHBISHOP KATZER DEAD.

Iiiness of Ten Months Aggravated hy
Troubles in His See.

Fonp pu Lac, Wis., July 20.—After an
iliness extending over a period of ten
months, Archbishop Matzer died at St.
Agnes's convent in this city to-night at
8:30 o'clock. The Archbishop came to
Fond du Lac about four months ago for
rest and treatment, but it was soon learned
that there was no hope for him.

The Archbishop retained all his faculties
to the last. It is believed that the work
of the diocese and worry incident to it
hastened the end. One of the things which
caused him annoyance was the libel suit
and action for damages brought by Father
Helistera and which case was to have been
tried at the next term of the Circuit Court
here,

Papers were served on the Arch bishop
after coming to the convent, and the thought
of being taken into a secular court seemed
to have a depressing effect on him.

The remains will be taken to Milwaukee
next Monday, whore they will lie in
state at the Cathedral till 10 o'clock on Thurs-
day morning. Mass will be celebrated,
Mer. Falecn’o singing the requiem and
Archbishop Ryan of Philadelphf& preach-
ing the sermon

 

 

 

GEN. GREENE T0 BE SUED.
Specie Order Issued In Asphalt Co. Alleged
Irregularities.

Trenton, July 20.—Judge Kirkpatrick
signed an order in the United States Circuit
Court to-day, which, in pursuance of hia
order of July 6, gives to Receiver Henry
Tatnall of the Asphalt Company of America
specific authority to begin suit in any State
or Territory to recover profits alleged to
have been illegally made by the promoters
of Fhe, Hondaretood that suits will follow
immediately in New York and Pennayl-

vania.
Kirkpatrick’s order of July 6
Pe 4 Receiver Tatnall' to bring suit
against Police Commissioner Greene, Amzi
L. Barber, George _W. Elkins, George D.
Widener, William J. Latta and others to
recover profits alleged to have been ille-
ally made in the formation of the Asphalt
rust. The receiver reported that the
stock of the constituent companies was
urchased at fabulous prices and intimated
collusion and fraud among the stockholders
and promoters of the trust. He recom-
mended that suite be brought against the
stockholders for $24,000,000, alleged to
remain unpaid on the stock issued to them

eee
TO TRACK WIFE, HIRED NEGRO,

Mr. Radus Can’t See Why the Negro Should
Be Locked Up.

Mrs. Erna Radus of 449 West 128d street,
white, got off a southbound Columbus
avenue trolley car at 104th street late yes-
terday afternoon, So also did a young
negro, Harry Miner. ;

“T want him arrested,” said Mrs, Radus,
pointing to the negro and talking to Police-
man Gonhalle. “He Se Wee me from

. | got on a Lenox avenue car
Fis eet one I got off that car and took
a Columbus avenue car and he still followed.
Here he is yet.”

“A man gave me $5 1
the negro’s explanation at the West 100th
street station, where he was locked up,

Last evening & man who said he was
Radus went to the station. He said he had
given the negro the $5 to follow Mrs. Radus,

 

to follow her,” was

“I don't see why he's locked up,” said
Radus.
Sergt. MoGloin did, however, and Radus

went away. A reporter who went to the
flat house fat 449 West 123d street last night
was told that the Raduses had moved out
in the afternoon. They had been there
only two months, it was said.

aa ieresiecreioaietastooennas

ber all BR. R. tickets bet. N. Y, and Albany
ant ened via Day Line Steamers, Musie,—Ade,

While crossing |

 

|

|
|
|
|

|

 

 

SELLERS, WHO GOT CONTRACTS,
HAILS FROM 715 BROADWAY.

 

That's Littauer’s Piace—-Date of Last Con-
tract With United States, Jane 2, 1008
—Chairman of House Committee on
Indian Affairs, James 8. Sherman.

In fulfilment of treaty obligations, the
United States Government buys gloves
for the Indians. The gloves are bought
on contractg awarded to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder. Bids for one of thease
contracts were opened at the Unit ed States
Indian Warehouse, 119 Wooster street, on
May 10, 1008. There were present, among
others, when the bids were opened the
following persons:

William A. Jones of Wisconsin, Indian
Commiasioner, and the following mem-
bers of the Indian Commission, of which
Darwin R. James of Brooklyn is the chair-
man: Archbighop Ryan of Philadelphia,
Joseph F. Jacobs of Detroit, Mich.; Albert
K. Smiley, Phillip C. Garrett of Philadel-
phia and Charles J. Bonaparte of Baltimore,
who was recently appointed by President
Roosevelt special counsel to prosecute in-
dicted Poat Office officials.

Bids were invited for 8,070 pairs of boys’
buck gloves, “No. 1, standard quality, or
oil-tanned sheep or goat,” and 3,035 men’s
buok gloves, “No. 1, atandard quality, or
oil-tanned sheep or goat.” The bids were
opened in the presenoe of the, rsons named
above and others, and the contract was
awarded to Charles B. Sellers, who gave his
address as 715 Broadway, N. Y.

In compliance with the specifications, the
bid of Mr. Sellers was accompanied by a
certified check for 5 per cent. of the amount
of supplies proposed to be furnished, the
check to be forfeitabl to the United States
in case the bidder “shall fail to execute
promptly a contract, with good and suf-
ficient sureties, according to the terma of
the bid.”

The contract between the United States
Government and Charles B. Sellers was
executed on June 2, 1903. The name of
Charles B. Sellers does not appear in the
New York city directory or on the directory
of the building at 715 Broadway. On the
first floor of that building, however, is the
New York office of Littauer Bros., manu-
facturera of gloves at Gloversville, N. Y.
The senior member of this firm is the Hon.
Lucius Nathan Littauer, Representative
in Congreas from the Twenty-second New
York district.

One of those who were present when the
bids on this contract were opened was asked
by a Sun reporter vesterday who Charles
B. Sellers was. He replied:

“Oh, he is an old-time bidder for glove
contracts, and has always been regarded
as the representative of Littauer Bros.
The address attached to his latest bid is
715 Broadway, where Littauer Bros.
have their New York office. A contract
similar to this was awarded to him by the
Indian Commission in 1900 and 1901. He
was underbid in 1902 by Marshall Field
& Co., but that firm had to buy the gloves
of Littauer Bros., because  Littauer
Bros. are the only firm in the country
that turn out that kind of a giove at any-
where near the price bid.”

The reporter went to the office of Littauer
Bros. at 715 Broadway and asked to
see Mr. Sellers. Representative Lucius
N. Littauer was in the place at the time.
The man who met the reporter asked:

“Who wants to see Mr. Sellers?”

“I do,” said THE SUN man.

“Well,” was the reply, “he isn’t in.
be here in a day or two.”

“Out on the road?” asked the reporter.

“Yes, he's on the road.”

The amount of Mr. Sellers's contract was,
according to his bids, $8,026.75. Article
7 of the contract which Mr. Sellers signed
provides that “neither this agreement
nor any interest therein shall be transferred
to any other party or parties, and that
any such transfer shall cause the annul-
ment of the agreement, so far as the United
States are concerned.” Article 11 provides
that the contract is made subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interlor,
and Article 9 reads:

That it is further agreed by and between
the parties hereto that no member of or
delegate to Congress, offlcer, agent, or em-
ployee of the Government shall be admitted
to any share or part in this agreement, or
derive any benefit to arise therefrom

The Revised Statutes of the United States
provide that any Representative in Congress
who shall be directly or indirectly inte-
terested in a Government contract shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be
fined $3,000. The Government may also
recover any money paid on such a con-
tract. The statute of limitations does
not prevent a prosecution under this sec-
tion unless three years have elapsed since
the offence.

The chairman of the House Committee
on Indian Affairs is the Hon. James School-
croft Sherman of Utica, Representative
from the Twenty-fifth Congress District.
On July 6 Congressman Sherman called at
the War Department in Washington. Fail-
ing to see the Secretary of War, who had
already ordered an investigation of Repre-
sentative Littauer’s connection with con-
tracts for army gloves, Mr. Sherman called
on the Judge Advocate-General of the Army
and discussed various features of the
Littauer case. At that time, as a Wash-
ington despatch to Tae Sun said, “Mr
Sherman was of the opinion that Repre-
sentative Littauer’s interest in the glove
contracts was only that of a manufacturer
selling to a jobber, and that he had not
violated the spirit of the law.”

Possibly Mr. Sherman knew nothing at
that time of the Indian glove contract of
Charles B. Sellers of 715 Broadway, New
York, at which address is the New York
office of Congressman Littauer's glove
firm.

He'll

SAM PARKS AGAIN ARRESTED.
This Time for the Assault at Friday’s Meet-
ing—Let Out on Bail.

Samuel J. Parks, walking delegate of
the Housesmiths and Bridgemen’s Union
was arrested again last evening in Barney
Lynch's saloon, Fifty-ninth street and
Third avenue, this time on a warrant issued
by Magistrate Breen in the Tombs police
court, charging him with assaulting Charles
Lawson,a member of the union at the meet-
ing in Maennerchor Hall last Friday even-
ing. Parks was taken to the East Fifty-
first street station, Lynch accompanying
him. Bail was fixed at $1,000 and was
promptly furnished by Lynch.

At the union meeting, which broke up
in disorder, the intention of the anti-Parks
faction was to propose a resolution calling
for the appointment of a committee to
meet the employers and talk over the
arbitration agreement. Parks, it is
charged knocked Lawson down.

 

  

   

 

WALES TO
Re

wt That Prince and Princess Have
Accepted Invitation From the President.
Spectal Cable Despateh to Tun Sun.

PorrsmovurH, July 20.—It is reported
Kere that the first-class cruiser King Alfred
will, after the forthcoming annual man-
muvres, be held in reagliness to take the
Prince and Princess of Wales to New York,
they having, it is said, accepted an invita-
tion to visit President Roosevelt.

The report cannot be confirmed, but
naval officers consider that it is extremely
probable.

CAPT, EWEN CAME IN A BOX,

Chief Feud Witness Arrives in Jackson,
Ky., by Express.

Jackson, Ky., July 20.—Capt. B. J. Ewen
arrived here to-night in an express car
concealed in a small box. He had come
from Lexington in the box, leaving it only
when a long stretch of country was being
traversed by the train and there was no
danger of being seen. To-night he re-
mained in the car alone, going to his home
about 10 o'clock.

Ewen's trip was a success and no one
recognized him. The military officials
feared the plan would be found out and
the car blown up with dynamite and did
not approve of it, but Ewen insisted upon
coming in that way instead of under a mili-
tary guard.

Judge Redwine impanelled the special
Grand Jury to-day to investigate the feud
matters, appointing C. M. Bailey and the
man who was foreman of the jury that
indicted Jett and White to summons wit-

 

 

nesses. The Ewen arson case was first
taken up.
FINE SUBMARINE WORK.

Adder and Moccasin, While Submerged,
Fire Torpedoes Straight and True.

Newport, R. L., July 20.—The submarine
torpedo boata here accomplished a feat on
Saturday which has never before been
known for such craft, and the matter will
be the subject of a report to the Navy De-
partment. During the spring the two boats
at the station, Adder and Moccasin,
wero put through daily tests and man-
cuvres and the crews have become very
proficient.

On Saturday, target practice waa in order,
and the Adder was taken out first. For a
period of 32 minutes she ran submerged
at a depth of 30 feet. She then roae to
within eight feetof the surface and fired a
torpedo at a target at a range of from 500
to 700 feet, it being a good line shot. The
Moccasin then was put through a similar
test, and, when submerged at a depth of
15 feet, fired a torpedo at a target at a range
of 1,200 yards. It was an unusually fine
shot, and, to the surprise of all, it went
through the target.

The range was taken from the Adder's
cope sight, Lieut. Pinney being in com-
mand. These two boats have been running
submerged at a depth of from 30 to 40 feet,
and have stayed below the surface for an
hour at a time.

MASQUERADED AS A MAN.

 

 

Court Case Caused “William Ray’ to Re
veal That He Was a Woman.
NEW ORLEANS, July 20.—A criminal trial

revealed the sex of Miss Willie Ray, the |

young woman who succeeded in passing
herself off for a man in Prentias county,
Mias., for eight years. Jim Gatlin, a
farmer of the neighborhood, was arrested
and placed on trial for assault and battery
on William Ray. The testimony was
conclusive. Ray's eyes were blackened
and his face badly cut.

self on the mercy of the jury with a plea,
always strong in the South, that Hay had
been too intimate with Gatlin's wife and
he had assaulted him on that account.
Ray was not nonpluased, but met the
charge by declaring and proving that he
was a woman. Gatlin was bound over to
the cireuit court under bond. Miss Ray
is giving the Boonville authorities much

annoyance by insisting on going back to }

trousers. After her appearance in the

Gatlin case ashe was arrested, but there is |

no law in Mississippi forbidding a woman
from masquerading as a man. She was
released.

“COMRADES” HELENE MORA DEAD

Sang Herself and the Grand Army Song
Into Prominence.

Hélene Mora, the singer, who was known
as “Comrades” because she made popular
the song of that name, died yesterday in her
home in Twenty-third avenue and Fighty-
second street, Bensonhurst, from a com-
plication of diseases. She had been ill
since Jan. 17, when she was singing at the
Haymarket Theatre in Chicago.

Helene Mora was born in Birmingham,
England, about forty-two years ago and
came to this country when she was 27 years
old. She was a barytone singer and travelled
all over the country singing “Comrades”
and other popular songs. She was one of
the only two women in this country who
were members of the Elks. She first sang
in this country at Koster & Bial’s.

Her last request was to ask that her body
be cremated. She picked out the clothes,
white, in whioh she wished to be buried,
and asked that none of her friends wear
mourning at the funeral, which will be held
from her home on Thursday.

5 AURT IN CAR COLLISION

Of Madison Avenue and Second Avenue
Cars in Centre Street.

A northbound Madison avenue car, No
963, ran into an open switch at Leonard
and Centre streets late last night and struok
a Bleecker street horse car. Before matters
were straightened out a Second avenue
car, No. 2272, also northbound, came along
and ran into the rear of the Madison avenue
car, injuring five people. The two electric
cars were so battered that it was im-
possible to move them. The emergency
crew cleared the tracks after half an hour's
work. The injured people were: Samuel
Black, Mrs. E. Cohen and Mrs. L. Cohen
of 69 East 100th street, Herbert Pearson
of Third avenue and Twentieth street and
Mrs. M. J. Williams of 325 East 117th street.
All had contusions. An ambulance surgeon
attended to them and they went home.

Sieamship Bostonian Has a Close Cal) at
Sea on July 15.

Boston, July 20.—The Leyland Line
steamship Bostonian, Capt. Foote, arrived
here this morning from Liverpool after a
narrow escape from collision with an ice-
berg at sea,,on July 13. The starboard
quarter just grazed t. The berg was 90
feot high and very long

 

 

 

 

VISIT ROOSEVELT ?

A verdict of guilty |
seemed probable when Gatlin threw him- |

 

 

   

LEO XII DEAD,

Pope’s Fight Against
Death Ends,

—_—

GIVES FINAL BLESSING

 

 

Called Cardinals to Him Just
Before Death Came,

“THIS IS THE END,” HE SAID.

 

Ceremony of Tapping Forehead
With Silver Hammer Omitted.

 

Cardinal Oregita Calls “Peoot, Answer!”
and, Getting No Response, Says: “The
Pope Is Indeed Dead’’—Solemn Cere-
mony ef Preparing the Dead Ponti
for Burlal—Death Came as He De-
sired It, With His Mind Cicar—End
Had Been Foreseen for Many Hours.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
From Tue Sun Correspondent at Rome.

| Rome, July 20.—At 4:04 o’clock this after-
{ noon, according to the official announce-
| ment, Pope Leo's long struggle with death
came to its inevitable end. So many pre-
mature reports had been circulated, includ-
ing one from an official source earlier in
the day, that the first news was hardly

credited. A half a dozen times within a
fortnight his physicians and attendants
beleived that the fatal hour had eome, but
}each time his inflexible will conquered
| physical disability for the moment until
| there almost grew up in Rome confidence
in his power to defy the great destroyer.

To-night Catholic and non-religious
| Rome alike unite in respect for the brave
| and devoted spirit of the grand old man,
His end was peaceful, undimmed by de-
lirium, an end, in fact, such as he desired
The clouds that eclipsed his mental faculties
yesterday drifted away, and he hade a
calm farewell to those about him, with
full knowledge that his last hour had come

THE DEATH SCENE

It was 11 o'clock when the final change
indicated its approach. The Pope signi-
fied to Mgr. Angeli, his favorite secretary,
that he desired to speak. Mar. Angeli
leaned over him, but was unable to hear
the faint words that the Pope uttered. A
second time the dying man endeavored to
make himself understood, but failed. His
eyes became anxious, but, with an evident
' effort, his third whisper into bis attendant’s

 

 

 

ear was comprehended.

Sefior de Aguera, the Spanish Ambassa-
dor to the Vatican, who was on the other
| gide of the couch, asked what the Pope said.
| Mer. Angeli, instead of replying, shook his
| head and dropped on his knees at the bed-
side in prayer, the expression in the dying
| Pontiff’s face showing that his request had

been comprehended.
' A few minutes later the Pope's breathing
| became most difficult. Dr. Lapponi ad-
ministered pure oxygen, but ft had no effect,
Signs of life suddenly disappeared.

The Pope's valet, in alarm, exclaimed:
“Doctor, what is it? Is he dead?”

Dr. Lapponi evidently believed so, for
he went to the door of the anteroom,
where the Cardinals and prelates were
assembled. His face was so full of grief
that although he did not peal those as-
sembled believed that the end had come
and crowded into the room, and the report
spread through the Vatican that the Pope
was dead.

Cardinal Vannutelli was among those
who entered. He began to repeat the
prayers for the dying, the others whisper-
ing the responses. Presently the Pope
stirred, his pulse again beat and hoe
breathed faintly, but easily. Nearly all
those in the room stole out quietly, and
the Pope opened his eyes and presently,
to the amazement of all, he whispered a
wish to see the Cardinals. Once more
they all came into the room, and the Pope
whispered an adieu to each of them.

OLD CEREMONY OMITYED.

Vatican officials say of the last acene
that. the Pope was in a deep coma all day.
Life simply faded away without a rally or
incident. °

About an hour after Dr. Lapponi pro-
nounced life extinct, Cardinal Oreglia di
Santo Stefano entered the death chamber
to perform the solemn ceremony of offi-
cially verifying his death. He lifted the
cloth from the face of the dead Pope and
in an impressive voice called three times:
“Peoci, answer.” Then in an impressive
voice he declared: “The Pope is indeed
dead.”

The old ceremony of atriking the forehead
of the dead Pontiff three times with a silver
hammer was not performed,

HONORS TO THE DEAD POPE,

When it was realized that the last breath
had been drawn, Dr. Lapponi closed the
Pope's eyes and folded his hands upon his
breast. Cardinal Vannutelli knelt at the
bedside and Intoned the prayers for the
dead, those present joining in the responses
in broken voices and some of them weep-
ing. After the relatives, Cardinals, di-
plomatists and others had filed past the
body, each kissing the Pope's hand as they

 

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1908,—copurions, 1003, by rhe Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

$$$ $$ ee Sees a  >E__om_veOCD O00

 

Tunspay, Joy 21, 1903.

Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow;

passed, all left the chamber except the

nep*ews of his Holiness, Dr. Lapponi,
Centra, the valet; the major-domo and
two members of the Noble Guard. The
major-domo covered the Pope's face with
a fine white cloth and stooped to kiss the
dead hand, weeping uncontrolledly mean-
while.

Immediately Cardinal Oreglia took up
office, the Swiss Guards rendered him
sovereign honors, acoompanying him in
state to his apartments. Subsequently,
when he went to the Papal apartments to
verify the death of the Pope, he was ac-
companied by Vice-Camerlengo Passerini
and the clergy of the Apostolic Chamber,
all wearing violet vestments as a sign of
mourning. They were accompanied by
the Noble Guard. Parties of the Swiss
Guard headed and closed the procession,

Upon arriving at the entrance to the

Papal apartments the party were met by
dignitaries of the Pontifloal Court and the
masters of ceremonies. After entering the
chamber the door was closed and the cere-
mony of verification was performed.

Afterward the body was robed in the
usual vestments, a white cassock, a crim-
son velvet camail, a white calotte and sash,
in the presence of Mgr. Passerini, Dr. Lap-
poni, a notary of the Apostolic chamber
and the pontifical master of ceremonies.
The body was then laid upon a bed covered
with red damask cloth.

The bed was then lifted by eight ser-
vants, and preceded and followed by torch-
bearers, Noble Guards and Swiss Guards
and headed by the master of ceremonies,
it was borne to the room where Pius IX.
lay in state. Four lighted candlea were
placed at each corner of the bed. Two
Noble Guards, with swords reversed, then
took up the watch. They will be relieved
from time to time by others. The windows
of the room were curtained and the cham-
ber, which is hung with dark-red tapestries,
was only lighted with candles. Wreaths
are forbidden in accordance with pontifical
ceremony.

THE FUNERAL ARRANGEMENTS.

Drs. Mazzoni and Lapponi will superin-
tend the embalming of the body, after whioh
it will he exposed in the Hall of the Noble
Guard for three days, during which time
members of the Papal Court, relatives and
a few privileged persons will be allowed
to see it. It will then be placed in the
Chapel of the Sacrament in St. Peter's,
where the public will be allowed to take
a last look at the Pontiff. The Noble Guard
will be stationed around and the Pontifical
Guard will do mounted duty.

On the night of the third day the body
will be placed near the gate of the Capella
del Choro, after which there will be funeral
ceremonies, lasting three days.

OFFICIAL, ANNOUNCEMENT OF DEATH,

At the end of the verification ceremony
the Protonotary, kneeling, read the following
official aecount which he had drawn up;

“At 4 o'clock in the afternoon of July 20,
1908, his Most Reverend Eminence, the
Cardinal Camerlengo of the Holy Roman
Chureh, accompanied by the body of clerks
of the ohamber, by Monsignor the Vice-
Camerlengo, by Monsignor the Auditor
of the Apostolic Chamber, and by the Pro-
curator-General and two secretaries and
the Chancellors of the Chamber, repaired
to the private apartments of His Holiness,
in one of which he found on the death bed
his Holiness’s body,

“He confirmed the death of the Holy
Father, and recited the prayers appro-
priate to the occasion. His Eminence asked
Mar. Bisletti, Master of the Chamber, for
the annulua piscatorius, which was imme-
diately handed to the Cardinal Camerlengo,
who received it in order to display it at the
first congregation of Cardinals. His Emi-
nence acknowledged to the Master of the
Chamber the receipt of the ring.

“Thereupon, at the request of the most
eminent Camerlengo, this solemn act was
drawn up by Monsignor the Doyen of
the College of Protonotaries, and was
signed by the Cardinal Camerlengo, other
prelates and two secret valets de chambre
of his Holiness as witnesses.”

The reading of this document concluded
the function, and Cardinal Oreglia with-
drew to an adjoining room and sent tele-
grams announcing the death to the absent
Cardinals, who will later receive instruce
tions concerning the plans for the Con-
clave.

Cardinal Rampolla had meanwhile per-
formed the last act of his Ministry by offi-
cially sending notice of the death to the
diplomatists accredited to the Vatican. the
Nunciosat foreign courtaand Cardinal Vicar
Reapiglia. The latter immediately directed
that notices of the Pope's death be printed
and affixed to the doors of all the churches
in Rome.

The Camerlengo has ordered that. all
visitors be admitted to the Vatican to-
morrow, when the first congregation of
Cardinals will be held to take note of any
directions the Pope may have left respecting
the Conclave and to appoint a secretary
of the Consistorial Congregation to replace
the late Mgr. Volpini.

To some extent this meeting will serve as
a measure of the strength of the parties.
Cardinal Oreglia’s candidate for the sec-
retaryship is Mgr. Gasparri, while Cardinal
Rampolla supports Protonotary Mgr.
Marini.

The great space in front of the Vatican
rapidly filled with a great, silent throng,
who uncovered their heads when the death
of his Holiness was announced.

Cardinal Oreglia is now in solé control of
the Vatican functions. The authority of
Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secretary of
State, and the other executive officers of
the Church ceased with the death of the
Pope.

More than twenty Cardinals

The Irving National Bank.

Keep your account with ‘ne Irving National
Rank, corner Chambers and Hudaon streets, It is
safe, conservative and progressive. Adv.

were ad-

 

    

sn SSS SS
Se

west winds,

WO CENTS.
mitted to the death chamber this’ after-
noon. A little later the body was given over
to the embalmers.,

The Fisherman’s Ring, the Pope's insignia
of office, was removed from the dead Pon-
tiff's hand by Mgr. Bisleti and handed to
Cardinal Oreglia, in whose custody it will
remain until it ia produced at the Con-
clave.

HI8 LAST WORDS.

According to the Oasservatore Romano,
the official Vatican organ, the Pope re-
gained consciousness during his last hours
and, recognizing that his end was near,
commended the interesta of the Church ta
Cardinal Oreglia. Mgr. Risletti, head of
the Vatican prelates, begged the dying
Pontiff to bless them. Leotried to raise
his hand in benediction, and whispered:
“This ia the end.” He touched the hand
of each of those present.

About noon his Holiness had a relapas
and was again unconscious. Half an hour
later all the Cardinals assembled at his
bedside. At 1:30 o’clock it was thought
that he was dying, as all the air passages
were filled. His nephews advanced and
raised his hand. The Pope again became
conscious and recognized and blessed his
relatives.

Dr. Mazzoni went into the Vatican at
3 o'clock and remained for some time with
Dr. Lapponi and Pio Centra, the Pope's
valet, the Cardinals retiring to the ante-
room. At 3:50 o'clock there was another
struggle for breath, and Cardinal Oreglia
was called. A few minutes later his Holi-
ness quietly expired, retaining conscious-
ness until the last moment.

ROME OBSERVES THE END.

When the death of the Pope was officially
announced moet of the shops in the Vatican
quarter closed their doors, but business
continued almost as usual in other parte
of the city.

Those present at the death of hia Holiness
were Cardinal Vannutelli, Sacristan Pifferi,
Count Camillo Pecci, Dr. Lapponi and Pio
Centra.

‘Two companies of Grenadiers arrived in
front of the Vatican shortly after 6 o’clock.
Their services were entirely unnecessary.
The spectators were silent and decoroua
The bells of St. Peter’s were then ringing
for veepers as usual.

An hour before the end an ivory crucifix
was placed in the Pope's hand, where it
still remains.

The flags on the municipal buildings
were placed at half mast when the news of
the Pope's death was received. The con-
certs and other celebrations in honor of
the Dowager Queen's birthday were at
once cancelled.

Among several versions of the last mo-
ments of his Holiness there -is one that
says when he was bidding farewell to the
Cardinals he yepeatedly murmured the
word “Addio.” He motioned to detain
Cardinal Oreglia and uttered words which
were understood to be: “To you T com-
mend the Church.”

ITALY'S NOTIOR TO THE VATICAN.

As soon as the fact of the death was com-
municated to him Prime Minister Zanar~
delli issued precise instructions guaran-
teeing moral and material liberty to the
provisional ecclesiastical government and
perfect security for the liberty of the
Cardinals.

The Prime Minister furthermore ordered
that the theatres and other places of en-
tertainment be closed. He forbade the
playing of bands in public places, and
authorized the provincial authorities to
participate in religious functions when
invited by ecclesiastics.

The Official Gazette publishes an obituary
of the Pope in its unofficial columns. It
contains the following noteworthy sentence}
“The laborious pontificate of Leo XIII,
will survive in history as proof of the au-
thority which the laws of the State guar
antee to the exercise of the supreme ree
ligious power.”

THR POPEB’S COURAGE.

LONDON, July 21.—The Rome corre-
spondent of the Times, recalling the serene
equanimity with which the Pope during
his illness awaited the final summona,
says that no sign of impatience ever bee
trayed a weariness of living

His was the courage that was content to
wait and endure. “Have courage, Holy
Father,” said Cardinal Rampolla when tale
ing leave of the Pope the other day. “Cour
age?” queried his Holiness with gentle
irony. “Have I not courage?” It was in-
deed a quality that he never lacked.

THE LAST DAY.

Cardinals Hurried to the Pope’s Bedside
When the End Approached.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tar San.

Rome, July 20.—A change for the
worse in the Pope's condition oocurred at
11:30 this morning. All the Cardinals were
summoned and hurried to the bedside
of the Pontiff, with high personages
of the pontifical court. All the Caytine ls
were present, including Oreglia, the dean
of the Sacred College; Rampolla, the Papal
Secretary of State; Vives y Tuto and Della
Volpe, and the Pope’s two nephews.

All were kneeling around the dying Pon-
tiff. They were deeply moved, but endeav-
ored to restrain their emotions in order not
to distress the Pope, whose mind appeared
to be atill fairly clear. His Holiness ad-
dressed a few words to Cardinal Oreglia,
who will be in charge until the election of a
new Pope, intrusting the interesta of the
Church to his care.

At 1:15 the Pope was seized with a terrible
fit of coughing and seemed to collapse.
A slight rally followed. The utmost ex-
citement prevailed in and around the Vati-
can, where everything seerned to be in con-
fusion, The Cardinals began to arrive one
by one in the Vatican equipages.

It was announced semi-officially from
the Vatican at 12:30 this afternoon that
the Pope had been sinking much more
rapidly since 9 o'clock this morning. It
was not expected then that he would eure
vive the afternoon.

The following bulletin was issued at 0:15
this morning:

“During the night his Holiness slept only
for short intervals. The general condi-