Oe ins

OEY a ys

Bt
u

   
  

~ —tained jobs. He was going

 

 
   
    
   
   
  
  
 

BIG WOLF HUNT IN CHICAGO.

Six Animals Escape Srem Zee and Are
Pursued by Police and Keepers.
Cx1caco, May 0.—The biggest animal
hunt in the history of Linooln Park was
organized early yesterday when it was
discovered that six wolves had escaped

 

“UNEMPLOYED SHOW A LIVELY
INTEREST IN FOOD. .

 

The Conventions Winds Up With a Coeper
Union Meeting at Which Seetaliat
speeches Are Made—The Police Pre
vent en Unautherized Street Parade.

The National Committee forthe Relief
of the Unemployed, which was in conven-
tion the gteater part of last week in Man-
hattan Lyceum, 66 East Fourth street,
wound up yesterday with a mass meeting
in Cooper Union at whidh the hall was
about two-thirds filled.

Before the mass meeting took place
ge demonstration under the auspices of
the unemployed committee took place
at Rutgers Square, where it had been an-
pounced that tickets goodfor one meal
would be given out to the unemployed. The
demonstration took place at noon, about
four hundred people attending. J. H,
feds How, chairman of the committee,
began to give out the meal tickets and was
at oncesurrounded by a mob of East Siders
who had nothing to do with the original
unemployed committee. They / grabbed
for the tickets, and Chairman How in
spite of his peotests was nearly, thrown
off his feet in the rush, |

A number of tickets were seoured by
the East Siders, while others who did not
secure them began to scuffie for their

ion. Two East Side youths fell
and rolled over and over in the street,
Chairman How finally separating them,
The unemployed people were then di-
rected to fall in line for a parade to Coopur
Union. Policeman’ Patrick Hagan of
the Madison street station happened to
come along and asked Chairman How
to show hie permit. Chairman How had
none, andjastthe crowd seemed determined
to parade anyway the policeman tele-
phoned for assistance. Several police-
men responded and dispersed the crowd.
Those with meal tickets went to a restau-
rant on Third avenue where they were re-
deemed.

Chairman How presided at the Cooper

* Union meeting and announced that his
committee was going to put a stop to the
bread line in New York by taking meas-
ures to prooure employment for those
who needed it. If every one were em-
ployed, he said, there would be no bread
jine, and it was the mission of his com-
mittee to see that measures were take:
to provide employment.

The first speaker was a man from Cin-
cinnati named Gillespie, who said that
the Cincinnati branch of the committee
had broken up the bread line. He eaid

succeeded in capturing two of
wolves and returned them to their
The other four proved to be more
than their pursuers on bicycles and
led thé hunters a merry chase. Later two
the larger wolves were cornered near
the northern entrance of the park and
fight. After several attempts to
failed it was found neces-
them. :
the day foroe of policamen
reperted were organized into
hunting party and the park was

   
   
  

  
   

   

once they attempted to escape
at Diversey Boulevard.

the afternoon the hunt became
serious, as the park was beginning to
fill with children. The pollos were

  

at large.
DAMROSCH IN BATON BATTLE.

Werdy War With Leuisvilie Festival Con-
Gucter He Went te Assist.
Loursvie, Ky., May 9.—Walter Dam-
rosch and hie New York Symphony Or-
chestra came here last Wednesday to

 

  
  
   
   

musical festival, A rupture ocourred be-

hearsal on’ Wednesday which came
breaking up the festival.

“The Pied Piper,” and he said that they
they *were unfit to interpret the work
and he had it out from the programme.
leader to be hiesed on several occasions.

rowly

he had been thinking all the week on
what he was going to say at the meeting | chorus.
‘and in the next breath he said he didnot} On Friday morning at rehearsal when

Prof. Gookins took the baton to lead the
chorus the nebaneen fopppcesjod ungatie-
factorily, and when ins attempted

     
  

to see Mr. | refused to play and put up their
* Taft and ask what was going to be done| ments. Then Gookins tured the baton
with the great number of men and women | over to Damrosch and retired.
«ho were out of work.

Mrs. Durkis followed and said that the
principal thing had to study now was the
ethics of the religion of humanity. The
Rev. John D. Long, of the
Christian Socialist Fellowship, said that
there was no religion or ethics in any
fystem that meant the unemployment of
men.

“The real business of religion,” he said,
‘is to give as many men as possible a job
and enough compensation for that job
to live on. Other religions are not Chris-
tianity. Christ established the first bread
line when He went into the wilderness
followed by a sort of Coxey’s army, the
men and women in which were starving.
and fed them ‘with loaves and fishes.

. Early Christianity was a vast proletarian
movement to uplift the masses and fight
Mammon. Some people say we are be-
ginning to see the downfall of capitalism
and that the vast army of unemployed
makes it inevitable. There is nothing,
inevitable, but the remedy is in your hands |
if you keep on working. Let the people
own the trusts. Let the corporation of
humanity own all the corporations for the
benefit of humanity and abolish poverty
by abolishing the profit system.”

Severil speeches were made which the
Rev. Alexander Irvine, who was present

  

  
  
  

terviews to-day, each roasting the
other severely. Gookins said that Dam-
rosch came to Louisville with the
purpose of discrediting him as a conductor
and that Damrosoh was overrated and far
in the ruck as a musical conductor,

ing of the chorus to the incompetency of
critic, came to the of Gookins in the

him as a “buniptious bore.”

 

 

Their Beat Upsct by a Squall in Cayuga

Irnaca, May @.—Five Cornell students
and a young man from this city were
rescued this afternoon when their gail-

after a record breaking run from
and took off the almost exhausted
were chilled to the bone.

-

and made a speech, objected to as too| The students were Duane Ward of
radical, Resolutions were passed to the/ Lockport, G. F. Hunt of Jamestown,
effect that it was the sense of the meeting | w, G, Evane of Rome and C. C. Bintz
that the revolutioniring of the present|of Salt Lake City, all members of the
tocial system by agitation and persistent | pelin Chi fraternity, and Hart Cummins,
effort was the best means of putting an | siso g student, and Samuel Delevan, e

end to unemployment.

BIG CROWD AT THIS FIRE.

5,000 First Avenue Premenaders Seo a
Tenement Blaze Doused.

Five thousand persons found diversion
on their walk last evening in a $6,000 fire
which came near destroying the five
story tenement house at 1614 First ave-
tue. Reserves from three police stations
under acting Captain Burke of the East
Eighty-eighth street station were reé-
quired to keep the crowd in order.

The blaze had got a good-start in the
tauor shop of Frank Brickman on the
ground floor when Policeman Blohn
lurned in an alarm. The twenty families

ed their
c arid emoke below
Quickstepped it to the roof and to safety.

It was an ambitious little fire and got
4 the stairway and airshaft and in’
1612, next door, before the firemen d
it, John Brady, who li

 

e
opposite MoKinney'’s when a sud-
As Delevan luffed
ind suddenly veered
Cummins,

a

STECERER
be

street station over
rady flat. Meanwhile the two absentees
‘urned up in the atreet. ;

r

HIRSCHBACH PAROLED. | ort
i)
Coroner Acritett of Opinion That He's! the
Nol to Blame for Milling Bey,
Samuel Hirechbach a clothing mer-
chant of the Hotel Regent, Seventieth
“treet and Broadway, whose automobile
killed Rudolph Kimmiok, 14 years old,
in front of the boy's home, at 534 or
‘Th street, on tu » hada
val peering before Céroner J oritel
erday and was paro to eppear at
the inquest. In the Coroner's opinion
the killing was unavoidable.
witness
Victor

i

 

Ee

 

3
z

g
2

 

fall
j
es
iu
Ly

35

M:. Hirschbach'’s face bears
to the “lugging he received from

Iinmick, the dead boy's brother, just
after ihe accident.

 

 

 

 

iy giving
~

.

+*NEW YORK, MONDAY,

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
   

  
     
  

    

    

 

    

 

- | figures to $450,000, bu’

ATLANTA—RIRMINGHLAM—MEM PIES, ie thee "
LANTA— —MEN \ oT Biaaleen’ Lo ine
Quicke ’
Seaboard Mr tae AY 'rratee ota Oe tee by

1210 A.M. Ofoe, broadway.—. CE rere ‘)

  
    

 

NS

ATING

SKIFF OVERTURNED IN RIVER'S
SWIFT CURRENT.

 

 

Friends
Trip—Dip of Water Caused Occupants
te Rise From Beats—Al Drewned.

Wiixespanne, Mey 9.—A small skiff,
isto which a pleasure party of nine

Port Griffith, on the Susquehanna River,
this afternoon, and all the occupants
were drowned. ‘

{ ‘The dead are: William Andrews, Port
Griffith, aged 27, leaves a widow and three
ohildren; Theodore Andrews, Provi-
dence, aged 26, leaves widow and six chil-
dren; Thomas Andrews, Providence,
aged 20, single; Frank Marianosky, Prov-
idence, leaves widow and three children;
Adam Strukus, Providence, aged 24,
Frank Ganofski, Providence,

John Ganofski, Provi-
Michael Ganofeki, Provi-

dence, aged 32;
denoe, aged 12;
dence, aged 7.
Late to-night none of the bodies had
been recovered and it isnot expected that
any will be found for several days, as the

. current is so ewift that they have prob-

ably been carried miles down the river.

A squad of State constables from
Troop B was sent acroes the river from
Wyoming by Capt. Robinson and they
have taken charge of the searoh for the
bodies. i

William Andrewe of Port Griffith was
entertaining a number of relatives from
Providence, Lackawanna ocoufity, to-
day and after dinner took them out for
se boat ride. Andrews apparently did
not realize how awift the current was.

support Prof. George Gookins and his The river had been at flood and the water
chorus of 300 local singers in giving aj had subsided only a few feet.

Andrews was at the single pair of oars.

tween Damrosch and Gookins at a re-|He rowed broadside to the current and
near |had gone only a few yards from shore

when the boat was caught in the rush

Damroach had the chorus go through |#nd swept down stream.

People on shore who had warned him

bad been so miserably instructed that | about going out in the overcrowded boat

saw him struggle with the oars when he
realized that the baat was getting beyond

This engendered feeling between Dam- | control.
Sah REA the. dicrds, whlth ‘ratiaed the The boat was low at the atern with sev-

eral persons seated aft. Apparently one

Gookins also took umbrage, and on Fri- | Of the men moved forward to help Andrews
day night a personal encounter was nar- with the oars. The movement caused
averted. Peace, however, was| the boat to rock, and itshipped some water.
patohed up between Damrosch and Mar-| Those seated at the stern stood up to
ion B. Taylor, president of the May Music| 8void it.
Festival, and the programme was carried | Violentjy and it
out with Damrosch himeelf leading the | Then followed a wild scramble of the now

This rocked the boat more
shipped more water.

thoroughly frightened occupants, and the
nextimoment the boat upset.

Whether any of the unfortunates could
swim is not known, but even a strong
awimmer would have had little

chance
Toad tha acove several rotisiciang | th Buch @ curreht. No boat was available
= er of Use FASIeSNe | those on shore amd no sid could be

given. Some of the victims grasped one
another and went down together. Twomen

Gookins and Damroach came out in | lung to the boat for a few seconds, but

others who held to them dragged them off
and in less than three minutes

avowed | Pemained in sight but the boat, floating

bottom up,
Andrews lived near the river and his
wife and three childret, who soon heard

Damrosch attributed the lack of train- af the accident, ran to the shore, where

Mrs. Andrews tried to jump into the
water but was restrained.

 

m, @ local musical | ppowns AFTER SAVING TWO.

 

papers this morning, but Damrosch in a| theelegical Student Gives Up Life in
card to be printed in the morning dismisees |

Futile Effort te Rescue Third Bey.
MempuHis, May 9.—After saving two
boys from drowning Augustus C. Ander-

CORNELL STUDENTS IN PERIL.| eon, aged 22, a theological student at

Millsaps College at Jackson, Miss., sank

=” | in a heroic but futile effort to resoue a
—Rescned as They Were About to Give Up. | ning who went down with the young

man.
Mr. Anderson had taken a party of
fourteen boys from the Methodist orphan-

beat encountered a squall in the middle | 426 for a picnic at Country Club Lake,

and eight of the lads were in a boat that
capsized. With the help of those on
shore five saved themselves while Ander-
adn went £o the rescue of the three athers.
He got two to the bank and then went
after Willie Boyd, the third, but was
80 wearied by his exertions that he could
not shake off the boy’s grasp. They were
found clinging to each other

 

Two Boldiers Drowned Near Bosten.
Bostox, May 9—Privates Daniel

Doherty of Roxbury and Cornelius Crow- |

ley of the Coast Artill Corps attached
to Fort Warren were drowned in Hull
Gut this evening when

capsized by the wash of a steamboat.
Thomas Hunt, another artilleryman, was

 

. WANTS $6,500,000 FOR LIBEL.

 

Judge Dewey's Ire Against Bosten Good
Gevernment Association Grews.

Boston, May 9.—Henry 8. Dewey, a
former Judge of the Municipal Court of
this city, has filed a motion in his libel
action against members of the executive
committee of the Good Government
Association asking that the amount in
damages asked by him in his original
writ be raised from $60,000 to $6,500,000.
A few days ago Judge Dewey asked to
have the damages rained fron his original

in a new motion
amount be made bigger. He also asked
that the court place his case onthe short
Hat forthwith and have it especially as
aigned for trial.

The Judge’s suit was brought about
three years ago inst Lawrence Minot,
Elot N. Jones, John Mason Little, George
R. Nutter and Nathaniel H. Thayer of the
asscciation. “The organization has for
several campaigns taken considerable in-
terest in the various candidates and has
iagued just before each election a pamphlet
giving sketches of the various candidates
for al) offices and advising the voters how
to vote. In the campaign of 1905, when
Judge Dewey waa an independent candi-
date for Mayor, the association issued its
pamphlet, and it was then that the organi-
gation made the alleged Ihellour state-
ments concerning the plaintiff.

When Judge Dewey filed his motion
reising the demand he gave ae reasons for
ao doing that he believed he would re-

acked for and that the defendants had not

 

persona were crowded, was upset near |!

cover at Jeast one-third of the amount | ll nationalities and an all round

petredted, bus bad pleaded: the tril ot | Zu, sale SP Set aar tie
| of the delegates

   
  

 

 

PARTY OF 9 LOST TO MAKE HONDURANS BE GOOD.

The Marietta Anchors at Puerto Cortes,
Unsaluted— Anti-American Feeling.
Puzrro Corres, Honduras, May 2, via

New Orleana, May 9.—The United States
gunboat Marietta arrived here to-day
from Bluefields to protect American inter-
ests, which seem to be in aome jeopardy
owing to the weakness of the Govern-
ment and the virulent cam waged
against Americans in San Pedro.

Commander Hill has had no opportu-
nity of investigating the San Pedro situ-
ation as yet. While there is still much
eeling there, no overt act has been com-
mitted. When the Marietta fired her
salute this morning the fort failed to

and the excuse given was that
there was no powder and that the gun was
broken.

This is taken with a grain of salt by
Americans here, who know the state of
feeling, and the resentment which existe
among the natives to the Marictta in par-
ticular, because of Commander Fulham's
iron hand in dealing with them during the
summer of 1007,

SON LEADS LYNOHERS.

Negre Whe Attacked White Woman in
FPiortda Quickly Dispesed Of.

JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 9.—In the
presence of Mrs. Andrew Deas, whom he
had attacked, an unknuwn negro was
lynched in the suburbs of Jacksonville
early this morning. :

The assault on Mre. Deas was com-
mitted about dark Saturday evening.
Mrs. Deas was in the grounds of her
home when the negro sprang from be-
hind some shrubbery and seized her.

After the negro left Mrs. Deas managed
to reach the house. Her gon organized a
posse and the negro was chased with
dogs all Saturday night. He was cap-
tured about 4 o'clock some miles from the
Deas home and was hurried before Mrs.

 

 

Deas for identification
“He is the !” cried Mrs. Deas’ as
soon as she at the prisoner. As

soon as Mre. Deas announced that the
right negro had been captured the posse
began to pour volleys into the prisoner,
riddling his body. Not satisfied with this,
knives were uaed,and the negro’s head
was almost severed from his body.

The Sheriff was notified that there
might be a lynching and he hurried from
Jacksonville to the Deas home, but when
he reached there the mob had done ita
work, leaving the mutilated body of the
negro in front of the Deas home.

Mrs. Deas is a woman of wealth and of
high standing. Her condition is serious,

FORGOT THE ALLIGATOR.

Never Deo That When Yeu Take a Bath
i the Dark.

Dr. Flannery. whoes forte is literature,
but who occasionally fnhdulges in other
things, entertained a couple in his bach-
elor apartments in Harlem the other
night. They bad broken up housekeeping
and were on their way to the South. The
Cite Sad a, WA nes mokiee. & oscar
of tadpoles tiny alligator in a large
globular glass Peabtuss that she
decided to take with her.

Her husband had put the aquarium
on the parlor mantel of the apartments.
In his enthusiastic drinking of the health
of his guests Dr. Flannery swept the
aquarium off the mantel. The wife ran into
the kitchen and brought out a big pan end
Dr. Flannery and the husband gathered
up the goldfish, the alligator and the
tadpoles and put them in the pan. The
doctor suggested that the proper place
for the creatures pending the purchase
of another globe in the morning was the
bathtub, Water was turned on in the
tub and the collection was dumped in.
The doctor finally gave his guests good
luck and went to his room.

The doctor woke about 4 o'clook feel-
ing a bit nervous and heady. He decided
that the best restorative would be a cold
shower, and he went to the bathroom and
got into the tub. He sat on the alligator,
which made a defence more than worthy
of ite tender years. The goldfish and tad-
poles meanwhile began to wriggle around
and over the doctor. He let out a yell
that might have been heard all over Har-
lem if there had been anybody awake
there at the hour to hear it.

His male guest was aroused, and sus-
pecting the cause of the outburst went
to the bathroom and turned on an elec-
tric light. The doctor, after looking into
the bathtub, from which he had leaped,
remarked, “Thank God, they are real!”
The doctor and the guest, without dis-
turbing the owner of the goldfish and
alligator, took another restorative. The
druggist on the ground floor said that a
piece of court plaster would be enough to
heal the bite of a very young alligator.

 

 

ROUNDUP OF SUBWAY ROWDIES.

 

  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  

MAY 10, 1909,—copurions, 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

OFFER ANY BAIL FOR MORSE eager FOR PERSIA.

 

FRIENDS PREPARE A PETITION
TO COURT OF APPEALS.

 

Gay They De Net Believe He Will Leave
the Juriediction and Do Believe He
Wilt Be Acquitted Eventually and
They Pledge Ball Without Indemnity.

Friends of Charles W. Moree, the finan-
cier under a fifteen year sentence, have
come forward with the offer to become
responsible upon his bail bond for an
indefinite sum of money. This petition
which they have signed will be presented
to the court to-day when in the United
States Circuit Court’of Appeals! the mo-
tion is argued to set down the argument
on the appeal of Mr. Morse's case for
June 90:

We, the undersigned, believing in the
fnnocence of Charles W. Morse of any in-
tent to defraud the Bank of North America
or to deceive the Government officials, are
willing to become responsible upon his
bail bond for the sum of $5,000 each with-
owt indemnity, We do this because we
Ge-not believe that he will léave the juris-
diction of the court, and that when his case
fs finally heard and understood he will be
Scquitted. .

Among the signers are Warner Van
Norden, Frank A. Munsey, R. R. Moore,
president; of the Commercial Trust Com-
pany; Hurvey E. Fisk, Henry F. Shoe-
maker, Augustus Van Wyck, John D.
Crimmins, E. C. Potter, W. H. Chese-
brough, H. 8. Kearny, Samuel Adams,
James MoCutcheon, E. R. Chapman,
president of the Hudson Trust Company;
Harry S. Black, president of the United
States Realty and Inprovement Company;
George Crawford, James Taloott, Seth
M. Milliken, W. O. Allison, president of
the Consolidated National Bank; Oak-
leigh Thorne, president of the Trus. Com-
pany of America; Charies H. De Witt,
Alfred J. Cammeyer, William Bradley,
Jamea Bradley, James A. Lynch Joseph
D. Carroll, Henry Steers and F..uerick
Wagner.
Mrs. Morse said yesterday that many
of her husband's friends who had affixed
their naines to the petition to be presented
to the court had assured her that their
confidence in Mr. Morse was by no means
limited to the amount volunteered by
each of them for his bail bond, but that
she might rest assured that double and
triple and in some instances ten times
the ameunt would be forthcoming from
them if an increased sum was necessary.
As bail has been denied previously on the
assumption th ¢ Mr. Moree would for-
feit his bail anct indemnify the bondsmen
the signers of the petition state specifi-
cally that they will be responsible ,with-
out indemnity ‘

 

DECLINE 4N STRIKE FEVER.

 

°¥ Spectad Despatch to Tam Sun.
Parts, May 9.—A medical bulletin
the postal to-day would read:

“A marked decrease in temperature;
fever much abated,”

A mass meeting of all claases of postal
employees called for 2 o'clock began
&t 3:30, so slow were the arrivals of the
employees reluctant to leave the perfect
May day outside for the insupportable
atmosphere of the St, Pau! Riding School,
where the meeting was held.

Speeches denouncing M. Barthou, Min-
ister of Public Works, and M. Simyan,
Under Secretary of Posts and Telegraphs,
were listened to in ajlenoe. Pauron, one
of the jeaders, séemed to be hesi-
tating. One speaker said: “A strike has
not yet been declared. We do not know
even if it will be, but we have decided
that if one occurs it will not be by de-
grees but with an imposing ensemble.”

The meeting voted absolute obedience
to the orders of the Federal Committee.
M. Borison, the advocate who drafted the
by-laws of the new Postal, Telegraph and

Pie)

| Telephone Trade Union, is quoted as say-

ing he does not believe a strike is possible
at the present moment, adding: “A strike
ie a nervous, spontaneous movement, for
which there is no need to make prepera-
tions fifteen days in advance.”

The employees are not joining the new
union very freely. Ite organizers, learn-
ing that the revolutionary ~ tendencies
displayed in the statutes are distasteful
to many, have addressed a notice to the
womeetpunieress of the Central Telegraph
Office saying there is no present intention
of affiliating with the General Labor Con-
federation. The statutes, they add, are
only provisional and will be modified by
the Postal Congress.

The General Association of Postal,
Telegraph and Telephone Employees

Interbereugh Detective Cerrais Twenty | remains the directing power of the move-

, and Tarns Them Over te the Pelice.

Detective John Magwood of the Inter-
borough special police corralled twenty
boys who were skylarking in a subway
train on the way downtown from Van
Cortlandt Park last evening.

Magwood telephoned Capt. Shaw of

ment. A great restraining factor among
the younger employees is the recollection
of the loss of several days pay during the
March strike, which led to trouble with
their parents,

FRENCH SAILORS STRIKE.

 

 

the 100th street police station anda squad | wesseis Tied Up at Channel and Mediter-

of police met the train at the 110th street
station. The offendere were taken off
at 108d street, escorted to the 100th street
station and*booked for disorderly con-

duct. Threé of them were under 16 years |). ve

old. They were sent to the Children's

ranean Porte—Want a Day of Rest.

Special Cadle Despatches to TRE SUN.
MansziLies, May 9.—The crew of the
mail steamer Ville de Tunis, which should
yesterday, left the ship be-

cause the refused to give them a

society and the others were sent to the| weekly day of rest. The crews of several

night court.
Magistrate Breen fined them $8 apiece.

other merohent vessels have also gone
on strike.
The Minister of Marine appointed an

FOR A SAFE AND SANE FOURTG. | arbitrator after the last strike and pro-

 

Delegates to Consider Plans for Picasing
the Kids Without Danger.
Prtresurne, May 9.—Beginning to-mor-
row nigut the Playgrounds Association of
Amerioa will hold its third annual conven-
tion in Pitteburg.
It is announced to-night that in connec-
tion with this meeting forty cities will on

posed submitting the question to the
Council of State, The crews refused
to accept this proposal and quit work
yesterday. The mail packets for Oran
and Algiers have been unable to sail
as well as the one for Tunis.

Pants, May 0.— According to the Nantes
correspondent of the Heho de Paris, the
crew of the Genera! Transatlantic Line

Friday be represented at a epecial meeting | steamers Versailles, Touraine, Seville

called for the purpoee of disoussing “A
Safer and Saner Fourth of July.”
~ It is argued ‘that there is too muoh
danger attached to :he present haphagard
method of celebrating the Fourth end
ibat concerted action on the part of the
cities will reduce the number of accidente
and at the same time permit the children
to have jmst as good a time.

A plan recently adopted by Spring-
field, Mass., that of having a parade of

day with elaborate fireworks g

   
 
  

 
    

    
    
       
  
   

and Congo have gone on atrike. The
departure of the Versailles for Colon
probabiy will be postponed.

La Provence is at her pier at the foot
of Marénn atraet. but there is no trouble
among her crew. She arrived here on
Friday and sails next Thursday. La
Savoie was scheduled to sail on Saturday

from Havre for New York, but the usual | j

cablegram announcing sailing has
not been received at the New York offices

of the line.
one of the de-

  
   

It

  
  

 
 
 
 
 

Pee a .
y %

pe eotkens

 
  

  
   
    
   
 
 

 

eh Finde

the Bituation Critical and
Orders 2 Decree Prepared at Once.
Spectal Cable Deapatch to Tam Sun,

TeEHBRAN, May 9.—The Shah gavé an
audience this morning to Saad-ed-Dowleh,
told him the situation was oritical and
commanded him to form a new Cabinet

This was done forthwith, Saad-ed-
Dowleh accepting the Premiership until
Nasir-el-Molk returns from Europe.

The Shah ordered Saad-ed-Dowjeh to
prepare a decree, which will be published
to-morrow, reviving the constitution
granted by the late Shah. The Shah aleo
granted a general amnesty.

A new electoral law will be published
as econ as possible and the elections will
follow immediately after. As soon as
two-thirds of the Deputies are present in
Teheren, thé national Amembly will be
opened.

TAKAHIRA SEES ONLY PEACE.
Feels Ne Alarm Over Anti-Japanese
Sttaation in California.

New Haven, May 9.—Baron Takahira,
Japanese Ambassador to this country, is
the guest to-night of Prof. George T. Ladd
of Yale. He will go on to Boaton jto-
morrow to be the guest there of the Jap-
anese Society. He hasn't been at Yale
since the big centennial, He said to-night
that Yale was doing great good in her edu-
cation of many Japanese students and
he was proud of the record made at Yale
by the Japanese. Then he added:

“I do not think the f against the
Japanese in California fs as bad as rep-
resented. I think there is exaggeration
in the accounts. The feeling between my
people and the people of the United States
is as good as it always has been, and that
js of the best. There is no fear of any
trouble between the two countries. The
reports are very much exaggerated.”

Baron Takahira will call on President
Hadley to-morrow. .

TO STOP SUNDAY WORK.

Steel Corporation Witt Allow Nene Bat
Necessary Laber en Day of Rest.

McKeesport, Pa., May 9.—The United
States Steel Corporation to-day put into
effect at the National Tube Works its
order for the abolishment of Sunday work.
The galvanizing department for the first
time in years did not turn a wheel. The
new method is to be put in operation in
all the mills of the corporation.

Blast furnaces and other plants that
must be kept running all the time will be
the only departments where men will do
Sunday work.

This order not only applies to the run-
ning of mills but to repairing as well.
Hitherto. most of the repair work has
‘been done on Sunday, but it has been fig-
ured out that to give the mills one day
of absolute rest in seven will save time
and money in the long run. ' aie
; ; in
BOYS FINDINFERNAL MACHINE.

Set Fire te Box of Powder and Cartridges
—@&x Hart, One Seriously.

Enrico Cavallini, 10 years old, of 398
Marcy avenue, Williamsburg, and an-
other boy were going along Hewes street
near Lee avenue yesterday afternoon
when they saw a cigar box partly wrapped
in paper in a tin can of the Street Clean-
ing Department. They opened it and in-
side of it were more than a dozen cart-
ridges ranged in a circle with gunpowder
all around and threads which looked like
wire attachments. The boys took it to
the neighborhood of their home at
avenue and Lorimer street, then
moned, nearly a dozen playmates, oie
and boys, and told them there would be
some fun.

Cavallini obtained a match, and while
the others watched set fire to.the box.
There was a terrific explosion. Caval-
lini got the full force of it in his face and
was knocked insensible. Five other boys
were slightly burned by fragments,

Cavallini’s clothing caught fire and
several men rushed to his aid. His face
and head were terribly torn and burned
and he shouted that he couldn’t see any-
thing, He was removed to the Williams-
burg Hospital.

An investigation led the police to be-
lieve that the box was some kind of an
infernal machine and had been aban-
doned by its owner, probably through
fear.

HARBURGER’S DEBATING CLUB.

 

He'll Have a Political Foram in the Tenth
—Metz, Coler and Sulzer Agree to Talk.
Coroner Julius Harburger has an-
nounoed that he will turn the Tammany
clubhouse of the Tenth Assembly dis-
trict, of which he is leader, into a debating
olub for politicians. He said yesterday:
“Our club is the forum for political
expressions. We welcome the bright
minds of those whose aim and ambition
ere to serve the public to appear before
the East Sidere and make known their
views, An tive audience of our
best citizenship will be always on hand.
A number of speakers have been invited
to appear this month. Among those
who have accepted are Comptroller H.
A. Mets, Bird 8. Coler and Congressman
William Sulzer.” ;
Harburger seems to be a pioneer in
this forum business. It is said that no
other Tammany clubs have ever fomented
trouble of this sort.

RAVENS DIDN’T FEED HIM.

Aged Fanatic Lies Out in Storm Four
Days Waiting for an Elijahn Episede.
Curcaco, May 9.—E. M. Brook, the

aged Zion City man who lay four days

under a tree during the recent severe
storms waiting for the ravens to feed
him, is slowly recovering from the ex-

posure.
The Dowieites and Volivans both deny

 

 

o-day, showers and
; fair to-morrow; © :
erly, shifting to northwesterly winds, j

   

south-

PRICE TWO GENTS. |

 

LOSSES THROUGH JOHN. 6,
DAVIS MAY: REACH. 800,000.

 

He Sits in His Ceti (a Washington With ¢
Bible and a Hymn Book and Seen
Pertectly Happy—Many Women fils -
Victime—Gtatement by Proseouter.

Wasurnoton, May 9.—Further fn¥eatle
gation into the afaita of Joho C. Onvis
and Martin T. Davin shows that the operas
tions of John were upon a larger @sele
than when ths District Attordey's offfes
estimated on Saturday that the emount
obtained by him was in the neightor-
hood of $200,003. Now Assistant Distgiet
Attornsy Proctor says the amount may
reach $590,000. The two brothers era
prisoners at the Firsi precinot station
house. Both eeem unconcerned. . Jon
has e hymn book wid a Bible whieh he
asked for when arrested. . Marsig_enye -
that as far as he ie concerned hié arrest ie
a mistake and be has no fear of ths ut
come. Samia ; aes.

“Shareholders* of the Potomac asa
and Building Association, tarough whies
the District Attprnsy's offioa and thy
police claim the brothers opsrated, ate

coming to the front evary hour. ft y 1
develops that the “brthsry | a

$50,000 from residents of Alexandria, ¥&.,
including $4,009 fram Chief of.
Goods and’similar aniounte from
of his relatives. Seventy cents is
total assete which the police hare
and this was found in the -poa
John Lavie.. He informed the
he did not drink nor smoke.

From reliable nources the polier
to-day that John C. Davis was in. t
trouble in’ Wilmington, N. ©., about Hin

 
  

that

a ate |
seven years ayluns ,

Insane at Raleigh was:

ascured. He appears to posseas at

roan and one. of. the peruliar

which led to being adjudged

in North Carolina was the

to a small church of a set of

chimes costing $19,000. The church was

not enough ‘to accommodate ' the

chimes.. It js said that nearly all themoney

obtamed by, Davis in his North Carolina

operations was given by him to-clmuréhes

and religious bodies. Sa, aie eine
The larger percentage of the victims

of John Davis were women. . of

were in the Government services.

John Davis is a member of the Metropall-

tan Methodist Episcopal Church in Wash-

ington and taught a Sunday. achoonl class

there He ip said to have had. many

clients among the women of the i

idiotioally happy or an excellent im{tater
of @ man mentally deficient. tort one
made by some of his alleged ‘to
have him disouss the cass. They wented
information which might be of benefit
tm them if any assets of the ’
were discovered. Davis dismissed
questioners with this remark:

“What's the use of bothering about

The Toate tasers pera ;
ve
the following statement ear =
men: ‘
“The criminal operations of John ©.
Davis came t the notiee of the District
Attorney's office Friday through s com-
piaint on the part of Mise Nellie McKeown,
who by fraudulent schemes on the part
of Davis had been swindled out of $3,000.
“Bince the announcement of Miss
McKeown’s claim this office has bem

and Alexandria which show that a eyatara-
atic mathod of visionary business opera-
tions which John CO, Davis, at times
conducted individually and at

great number ot poco ott at
thousands of dollars. It appears
two men operated together through he.
Potomac Building and Loan ‘Association.
an object of their creation, evidently cans
ceived and run merely as an instrumes-
tality for their operations. 3
“In one case alone 618,000 was pro-
cured from a woman. From indications
it would appear that no lesa than $100,000
had been prooured by the fraudulent
operations of the Davis brothers. In
fact, the amount they obtained may run
far above this figure. Their ewindling
operations have been runnihg on for
years. Apparently the victims have been ,
lulled into confidence jn the main by
of payments to them, su
interest on their investmenta. f
“The work of the District Attorney

ing the apprehension and arrest of the
Davises and assuring their
before the court to answer to'the
against them and also to securing
gearch warrants a recovery of mosey
that may be the proceeds of their crimes
and the evidence to prove the orims. _
“It has been manifestly impossible
to learn as yet the details concerning
the individual cases which have be

reported. The, investigation will be

pushed as rapidly as possible
this end, Indictments will be
to the court at an early date.”
The brothers will have a
hearing in the police court to-morrow
morning. .
WU TING-FANG HEADS COLLEGE.
Diplomat Made President of. Chicage
Chinese Boheo!. ‘:

Curcaoo, May 0.—Wu T! has
accepted. the presidency of .
lege.

returned

that Brock belongs to their faction. He| the

seems to be a religious enthusiast who
drifted into Zion,@earing that it was the
rine for all aorte of peculiar religious
8.

He had read about Elijah by ex
faith being fed by ravens ata ae
to try it. He had faith to last
four days, during
cessantly, but
ane up and the ravens were not on the

Poor Brock, drenched, almost frozen
and on the v of starvation,
gaye ep and ered himself to be ca:
od ae oy ag Aad ee Bw pede
and van
tr sntte never recover fully.
tan *

Se ents Ape tepent |:

SWINDLER A LUNATIC, MAYBE |

Oe

    
  

    
  
    

+]

     
  
  

   
  
 

     

  

       
       
       
      
       
  

      
     
   
  
   
 

   
     
  

 
     
    
   
    
     

   

    
    
         

Bt)
;

              
    

|

       
 
           
   
  

    
 
    
 

   
    
     
      
   

            
   

           
 
  

      

  

   
   

  

      

     
   
       
      
    

uo

     
       

€