-
r

=~

 

 

MS

y

  
   
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
  

    
   
  
   
 
  

HOW 10 FERD A SCHOOL CHILD

UNCLE SAM ‘ISSUES A REPORT
ON QUALITY AND QUANTITY.

 

 

Caroline Hunt, Who's Been Investigating
the Sabject, Tells the Geed Resalts
‘That Follow Meals Sappiied by the

| School—Sample Mengs fer a May.

The United States Bureau of Educa-
tion in the ourrent issue of ite Bulletin
Jays before the public a detailed atudy
of what achool children should eat. It
explains so plainly that every fond mother
may read just how many grams of pro
teins, how many of fat and how many of
carbohydrates should be packed into
every lunch basket, and it tells how many
calories of heat every schoolboy should
extract from said basket,

The article was prepared by Caroline
L.. Hunt at the request of Elmer Ellsworth
Brown, United States Commissioner of
Education. Mr. Brown, in a letter to
the Secretary of the Interior says that
the article is not to be regarded as a
special plea for the feeding of school
children at public expense nor for any
special project or reform. It is intended

139 70 Years 1909

For seventy iong years it has been
universally conceded that the

Knox Hat

has been the standard by which
all others have been judged. The |
most elegantly attired men
women have always preferred it
to all others. Its long popularity
increases each season.

 

 

grams of prétein, 75 grams of fat and 175

‘ood
ave

grams of carbohydrates. Since a
many anxious mothera may not

merely to contribute to an intelligent
discussion of such plans.

“It has seemed to me,” writes the com-
missioner, “that a wider knowledge of
numerous facts relative to wholesome
meais for schoo! children and the whole-
some serving of such meals could be made
to help materially in the promotion also
of their mental health and vigor. This
conviction has been deepened by consul-
tation with the representatives of several
of the more important voluntary organi-
zations in this country which concern
themselves with matters affecting the
welfare 6f children.”

Miss Hunt tells of resulta attained in
gome of the New York schools where the
children are fed:

in the Speyer School, a primary school
of New York city set aside as a practice
school for Teachers College, every child
from the kindergarten to the third grade
js civen acupof milk aod a graham cracker
at half past 10 o'clock, The children firat
rest for a few minutes with their heads
down on their desks. A paper napkin ts
then placed on each deak and the milk and
crackers are passed. Another napkin is
given for use by the child. If the child is
able he pays 35 cents a month for thie food,
but if unable he is fed with the othera and
the knowledge of his poverty is not allowed
vo reach the other children.

(he principal of the school reports that
as the year advances there is always a
marked improvement in the condition of
the children, probably due to the fact that
the food which they take between meals
is of wholesome character and is taken
with regularity. She reports also a great
improvement in table mannera. Children
wno begin by scattering crumbs quite reck-
lessiv end by eating in very orderly fashion.

At the Hebrew Technical School for
Girls, also in this city, every girl receives
a cup of milk or cocoa in the middle of
the forenoon and at noon soup is sold
by the school at one cent a bowl.

“Here also,” says Miss Hunt, “a marked
improvement in physical condition is
noted as the schoo! vear advances.”

These examples are cited tv show that
it has been found helpful to give food to
young pupils during the schoul session
even when there is no reason to suppose
they are suffering from underfeeding.

Miss Hunt has observed that plans for
feeding children in schools have always

 

&@ gtam scale in the kitchen Misa Hunt's
detailed menu for the day as contained
in Uncle Sam's official paper ia given:
Breakfast:

Orange of medium size.

Cooked oatmeal, one-third cup.

Milk and cream mixed, one-hit oup.

Toast, one slice.

Butter, one-half oublo inch.

Milk to drink, one giana.

Disner:

White fish, 3 ounces as purchased, or 1};
ounces edible portion.

Potato, 1 small.

Celery, cooked in milk, three-eighths
cupful.

Bread, 1 slice.

Butter for bread and potato, 1 cubic inch.

Rice pudding, one-half cupful.

Supper:

Toast, 1 alice.

Butter, one-half cubie inch.

Milk, 1 glass.

Prunes, 8, cooked with one-half level
tablespoon of sugar.

Cookies.

Almost any boy, it is figured, ought
to be able to draw about 1,647 calories
out of that menu. But that diet every
day will get tiresome even for the moat
hun youth. So here are a few of
the hints to mothers that Miss Hunt passes
out through Uncle Sam's paper:

1. Become acquainted with the approxi-
mate composition of some of the very com-
mon foods.

2. Know in a general way how much
protein materia! a child of a given age re-
quires.

3. Exclude from the child’s diet all “made
dishes,” rich sauces, salads and fried foods.

4. Do not try to limit bread and cereals, |
except when it takes sugar to make them |
ecceptable.

5. Do not forget to give the child fruit
and vegetables every day.

6. In enlarging the dietary from time to
time as the child grows, make no experi-

 

ments, Do not ask yourself “Why not
give ir!”
S4DIE THE LADY PINCHED.

A Chinatown Institution ef Some Renown
Is Raided.

Chinatown got the biggest surprise
of recent years last night when detectives
from the Elizabeth street station raided
the rooms of jie Wilson, or “Sadie
the Lady” as she is widely known by
Chinatown sightseers. She was charged

 

originated with those who are in charge! with running opium rooms and 4 dig-

of backward students.
on

Miss Farrell, now in charge of the under-
rraduate schools of New York city. reports
an interesting experimert
when teacher of the special clase in Public
School t. It was discovered that the boys
in this class were usual.y locked out of home
during the day because their mothers were

nt work, They were given a few pennies) made it a business of smoking the pipe |
to buy food, These pennios had usually | and demonstrating the process of cook-
heen spent for such things asicecr amgand- jing the pill and explaining the effect denomination.
fit has on various constitutions.

wiches and ginger beer. Miss Farrell be-
gan to serve milk at one cent a glass and to
onvourage the boys to bring a bread and but-
ter sandwich from home. Later the food

which was prepared by the cooking classes |ing oufit with them
The cost of the | rooms.

“was served to these boys.
domeste science work was not increased and
the lessons became “more real” because of
their usefulness.

Miss Hunt adda that of the twelve boys
in this class of Miss Farrell's that sat down
to the first school luncheon only one
had sat at a table with his family and that

made by her ;

The writer goes | orderly Houde.

Detectives Doughetty, Enright and
Nammack broke into her roome and found |
“Sadie the Lady” smoking the pipe with |
her roommate, Jessica (ioldstein. The!
patrol wagon, which took Sadie, Little |
Jessie and three Chinese found in the
rooms, was followed by a crowd as far
as the station house. |

“Sadie the Lady” for many years has |

She |
charges no price, but one ia expect
to drop a little remembrance into her
bank. The detectives took Sadie’s smok- |
and locked up the

 

STUDENT'S BODY FOUND.

Wiitiam Thompson Was Drowned While,
Canoeing Of Manhattan Beach.
The body of William Thompson, a
senior in the Boys' High School of
Brooklyn, who was drowned while canoe-

 

one bad brought the custom from a con-! ing off Manhattan Beach on April 24

valescent school in New Jersey where
he had been a resident for a year.

Miss Hunt thinks that a school lunch | ®

was recovered yesterday. Two men in
rowboat, Edward Bellis and his son,

so conducted that childrep themselves | found it floating in Sheepshead Bay inlet,

tas for the food while the school
lcard pays for the educational part, for
xi that is necessary for training and for
‘he education that is given _by tasteful
surroundings, is the most effective way
of di. tributing relief ip case of ty.

Miss Hunt. thinks that the American
riiitude toward this subject of serving
school meals may have to undergo a
change, Our present attitude of ob-
section to having money taken from the
public treasury for this purpose indi
tt At we have “incorrect ideas about

‘If food,” says Miss Hunt, “were looked
“pon as vitally connected with health
end elnciency instead of as a means of
eratitying the palate we should prob-
ality think more about the desirability
cf imparting mental and physical vigor
To the next generation and much less
aout the possibility of pauperizing
{.1}ers and mothers by tbe process.”

‘he ideal school” meal as Miss Hunt
Fees it would be, both as to quality of food
and the manner of serving, somewhere
between the ordinary meal of the poor
end the meal of those who are free to yield
thetnselves to luxury.

‘We are likely,” says the writer, “to
think of public school meals as a means
of instructing the children of the poor in
table manners; they might, however,
le quite as valuable in accustoming the
children of the rieh to rational sim-
Piety

fhe pushcart pediers in their quest for

pennies of school children con-
‘tite in themselves a serious problem
i) New York, according to the writer's
Tlews She says

ence toos the number of the license of
* «ari from which 1 had seen scores of
chidroy eating. lwent to the City Halland

he name and address of the owner.
ening after workfng hours | saw
the cart with its cana of crackers and cakes
Ametlinan unspeakably filthy cellar in a
1 and crowded tenement house.

i the frst report of the Tenement House
Veourimeat of New York city there is a
iplion of a tenement house collar in
York oa pusheart was kept, The waste

shad broken, the cellar was flooded with
ho hand onthe top floated decayed fruit,

, 9 incident settled once and for all
1+ troubles of the principal of the
Friends’ Sehool in Washington with
Nishoart peddlers, The son of a manager
| 4 large Washington hotel who attended
the school reported that one of the push-
‘art men had offered to buy all the ice
chon left on the plates in his father's
While the achool luncheon for young
apie is still in the experimental stage
's8 Hunt says that luncheon for high
Fchool pupils may now be considered
iH have passed that point and to have
hecome an established part of high school
raining. It is a fact, however, that the
percentage of obviously underfed chil-
ven decreases very rapidly in passing
4 the lower to the higher e8.
Miss Hunt would give a child from 6 to
B years a dietary made up daily of 50

|
|

|

 

|

|

cc near

‘and David Rangone were POOaung:
a

a short distance from the scene of the
accident. They towed it ashore and ata

lice station it was identified by Will-
am Sperling and Raynor Terhune, rela- |
tives of Thompson.

Thompson, who was a son of Dr.
Herbert Thompson of 666 Quincy street,
Brooklyn, lost his life after the upsetting
of a canoe in which he, Howard eee

e
clung to the canoe for two hours ‘ore
giving up. His companions saved them-
selves with difficulty.

APPEAL TO SAVE THE HOLBEIN.

National Arts’ Collection Fund Trustees
Ask $260,000 From British Public.
Special Cable Despatch to Tra SUN;

Lonpon, May 9~—Lord Balcarres,
chairman of the National Arts Collection

Fund, has issued an appea! to the public
for $360,000 to purchase Holbein’s por-
trait of Christina of Denmark.

 

 

 

Baron Holstein Dead. ]

Special Cable Despatch to TRE Sux.
Brriin, May 9.—Baron Holstein, who |
was the right hand man of the late Prince |
Bismarck, died last night.

 

The Weather.

Generally felr weather prevailed over the At
lantic States yesterday, with some fog along |
the coast, There was @ storm forming In toe
Southwest, causing rain and unsettled condi
tons in ali the central States, the lower Missis
sippl Valley and the upper Lake region. This!
was followed by an area of high pressure mov
ing down from the Northwest, with freezing tem
peratures over Montena and Wyoming and scat
tered snow. The. colder weather reached north
ern Texas, It was slightly cooler in the Atlantic
States and warmer over the Interior.

In this city the morning was cloudy and foggy,
with sunshine later; slightly covler; easterly
winds; average humidity, 76 per cent.; barom
eter, corrected to read sea level, at § A. M., 30.12;

8 P.M. 90.01. ‘
The temperature yesterday, as recorded by |
}
|
|

 

the official thermometer, {s shown In the annexed
table:

1999. 1908. | 1900. 1908
9 A.M. 51° 52°, 6 P. M......60° 55°
12M u° 56°; 9 BP. M..... 85° sae
3 P. M...... 68° 63°) 12 Mid ss° mu

Highest temperature, 60°, at 4 P. M.
WASHINOTON FORECAST FOR TO DAY AND 10

‘ MORROW.

For eastern New York, cooler to-day, with
showers and probably thunderstorms; fair to
morrow: brisk to high southerly shi/ting to norin
westerin winds.

For New Fneland, showers and cooler to day;
fair to morrow; brisk to high southerly shifting
to northwesterly winds.

For the District of Columbia, eastern Pennsy!
vanis, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and
Virginia, cooler to-day, with showers and prob-
ably thunderstorms; fair to-morrow; brisk south-
erly ebifting to northwesterly winds.

For western New York and western Pennsy!)-

fair; fair agg warmer to-morrow; brisk northerly
winds,

Ge Te arn ree ree men

| leanings.

jwith Mr. Robins’s key.

wania, cooler to-day, with showers followed by |

[CHURCH BARS ITS FOUNDER

EDGEWATER SUNDAY SCHOOL
} STAYS OUT WITH HIM.

 

 

intendent Robins When Policeman
Tells Him Trustees Forbid Him to
| Enter— Old Row May Get Into Court.

George W. Robins, organizer and super-
intendent of the Union Sunday school of
Edgewater, N. J., couldn't get into the
church which he founded when he ap-
peared for the morning service yesterday.
At the door stood Policeman John Riley,
saying: “You can't come in, Mr. Robins—
trustees’ orders.” Beside the policeman
stood some df the trustees themeelves.
They said Mr. Riley spoke truly.

While the colloquy was in progress
children of the Sunday school gathered
on the lawn in front of thechurch. There
were seventy of them. Some of them
had brought their parents. Said Police-
man Riley; “The children may come in.”
But the children fidgeted and looked from
their superintendent to the borough cop
'and from that gentleman to the guardian
trustees.

“Isn't Mr. Robins going in?” asked one
of the intermediate class.

It appeared that Mr. Robins was not.

The children were puzzled enough, but | fear of the policemen's clubs seemed to} John

Pupils Vote on Lawn te Stand by Super- |

|
|

-

THE SUN. MONDAY: MAY'10, 19

| THE FIFTH AVENUE

BRANCH

of The Farmers’ Loan
and Trust Company,
475 FIFTH AVE UE.
near 41st Street.

Interest allowed on De-
posit Accounts.

Acts as custodian of per-
sonal property and man-
ager of real property.
Travelers’ Letters of
Credit. Foreign Mone
and Express Checks. Vault
Boxes for Customers’ use.

.

 

MORE BAKERS BACK AT WORK.

Employers Say That the Strikers Are
Fast Giving In.

The police had little}difficulty with the

striking East Side bakers yesterday as the

bo?

  

a
TP CAPT. HAINS IS ACQUITTED

FAMILY WILL TRY TO HAVE
HIM PUT IN ARMY HOSPITAL.

 

‘instead of, a State Asylum for Criniinal |

insane—-Counsel Will Sum Up Te-day |
and Jury May Have the Case Before |
Night--Pefence Expresses Confidence.

Before sundown to-night it is believed
ithe case of Capt. Peter C. Hains, dr.,!
|charged with the murder of William E. |
Annis, will be in the hands of the jury for |
decision. _The probability is that the |
lights in the jury room outin the old Flush- |
| ing court house will burn all night and that

a decision will not he had until the morn-
ing, if then.

Counsel, for the accused army captain,

who have.been carefully building up bit
by bit the defence of insanity to oont|

 

him from a conviction, expressed confi-
dence yesterday that an acquittal on that |
ground will be brought in by the jury. |
They base their reliance as much upon the
| demeanor of the prisoner himself as ex- |
| hibited in the court room since firat the
| drawing of a jury commenced three weeks
ago, as upon the expert testimony of, their

     
  

  
 

Auto Dust [Coats & Robes. .--.

Shapeliness is a quality which the popular
mind rarely associates with the thought of
a coat that is intended solely to protect the
wearer from dust.

Dust. coats of our creation are shapely. With
all the lightness'that such garments must of
necessity possess, still are our craftsmen
able to impart to their productions the dis~
tinctiveness of modelling which will insure
absolute retention of outline.

In the making of Saks Dust Coats only
fabrics of proven utility are employed.
Each garment is cut full, ample and with
the extra “sweep” that insures comfort.

       
   
   
   
   
   
      
 
  
  

Dust Coats for Men, 1.25 to 25.00'

of chambrays, mohairs, sicilians, pongees or silks.

 

alienists. Capt. Hains, they say, has
been his own best witness.

Upon the hypothesis of an acquittal
F. MeIntyre, chief of Capt. Hains’s

some of them knew about the row that has | be impressed on them and crowds which; counsel, discussed yesterday what would

been making headway in the church in| collected at several bakeries disappeared | probably
One of the youngsters | as soon as the police came around.
| suggested that a Sunday school withont | largest mob gathered at Marder's bakery
| its popular superintendent wouldn’t be | at 31 Essex street, and the strikers were

the last few weeks.

Tha

worth attending. Somebody else asked | advancing in a menacing way when sev-
| eral policemen came up. At first it was

that a vote be taken as to whether any-
body should go in. The little party on

the lawn thereupon decided unanimously | stand their ground but they waited until |
that they wouldn't enter the church |the police came rushing forward with |

without Mr. Robins, and they didn't.
There was no Sunday school in the Union
Church at Edgewater yesterday

After the children had voted their
parenta held an informal parish meeting

in the open and resolved that some legal ' hair pulling and scratching, but the police |

action should be begun against the trus-
tees this week. Meanwhile it was resolved
that all the property of the Sunday school
should be removed from the building.

well stripped, for the Sunday school owns

the chairs, the carpets, the organ and) Hedi}

nearly everything else.
The fuss which resulted yesterday in
the excommunication of the superintend-

ent at the hands of the trustees is pretty | Federated Union to aak that

nearly as old as the church itself, and that
is six years. Six years ago George W.

 

thought that the strikers were going to

their clubs drawn and then sullenly moved
off.

Ln Harlem there were a few disturbances
caused by women, but no one was séri-
| ously injured. They generally attacked

other women, the attacks consisting of

arrived in time in each case'to prevent
further mischief.

Secretary Brayer of the East Side Boss
Bakers Association said that the strikers

 

went back
| ina body. One baker, employing thirty-
men, got them all back yesterday, he
said,
A committee representing the strikers,
headed by Secretary Donnath of the Har-
lem Bakers Union came to the Central
a committee
be appointed to protest to the Mayor
against the clubbing of strikers and
others by the police. Donnath said that

t had been coming back in small numbe:
That means that the church will be pretty | up to yeuterday, when aixt went m|

be the final disposition made of
\the army captain. Should the jury ac-
quit him on the ground that he was micn-
tally deficient at the time he shot William
! Annis on the float of the Bay Side Yacht
| Club it will be incumbent upon Justice
}Garretson to commit him to some State
asylum for the criminal insane. Mr.

move to save Hains from such a commit-
ment.

“The family of Capt. Hains may make a
move to have him restored to the juris-
diction of the army,” said Mr. McIntyre
yesterday, “with the idea that he shall
| be restrained in some army hospital for

the insane until such time as he is deemed
sufficiently recovered to be allowed at
large. Ido not know what plans. if any,
the family may have in this regard, put
| whatever motion they may make to the
‘Court with such an end in view will not
| be made through me.

“I am thoroughly convinced that Capt.
Hains is now insane. Because of that be-
| lief L have tried to have him acquitted
‘of the charge of murder. If he Is ac-
| quitted my work ends there.” ,
| Should the verdict be one of acquittal
jand the commitment to an asylum by

Robins, himself a Baptist, organized a| ag goon as the downtown union of bakers | Justice Garretaon follow, the next move

quarters of the Edgewater fire depart-
ment. The school prospered until it was

| non-sectarian Sunday school which met | waa organized the bosa bakers or anized
‘in his own home at first and later in the

| an association to break it up. He declared
that the police clubbed people who had
nothing to do with the strike, and said
he knew of ome man who was clubbed

 

thought advisable to have it controlled | after he was taken to the police station.

elected:
University, chairman; ex-Mayor Daniel
A. Higgins, E. M. Speer, Edgar M. Robin-

son, Ralph Reid, Edward H. Stickles, |

John B. Signell, Carl Reichel, William M.
Smith and Mr. Robins.

The trustees pledged themselves to
raise $250 apiece toward the building of

achurch, They did raise more than $2,000,

and presently John W. Watkins. a well
to do man who owns considerable real
estate along the Hudson, offered to do-

nate a plot and building stone for the! the baker on his roun
block or so when two men grabbed the |

church provided that the organization
should be non-sectarian.
The first floor of the church was com-

pleted last September. Since then Sun-! Wolf Block, was dischar
day school services have been held on |

Sunday mornings and church services
at night.
pupils and eight teachers. Mr.
always has been superiutendent.

Soon after the society moved into ita
permanent quarters non-sectarianism
began to be irksome to some of the mem-
bere who had been reared evangelically

that the matter came toa vote.

Forty-six Presbyterians voted for alli-
ance with their own denomination, and
as the next strongest faction, the Metho-

dista, had only sixteen votes the Preaby-,

terians won, They got the Presbytery
to send its organizing »0ard over to Edge-
water. When the organizing board

alliance was not as strong as it had been
led to suppose and it refused to act. A
protest was filed with it containing the
names of eighty Edgewater people who

said they wanted to remain independent. |

however, the church be-

Eveytuaily,
The Sunday school

came Presbyterian.
remained non-sectarian
Robins, its founder, wished it 50, as did
many others of the parish.

Last Friday night Mr. Robins went
to the church as usual to conduct a Bible

‘class, but at the door he found Riley, the

alert policeman, and other men, among
whom Mr. Robins says, were the Rev.

| Mr. Currie, pastor of the church, and some

of the trustees with straight evangelical
The superintendent learned
that he had been barred from the church
as a trouble maker. He says that he
stood by while the minister held a lamp
and the trustees with nails and a bolt
fixed the door so it couldn't be opened
He also says that
he was threatened with arrest if he should
try to force his way in. Mr. Robins went
away. and his Friday night class is shy
one Bible lesson.

Mr. Watkins, who helped the society
build, is said by some of the parishioners

‘to have threatened to revoke his gift of

land and building material. In the deed
of gift it was stipulated that the property
should revert to Mr. Watkins if it should
cease to be used for religious purposes.

Mr Watkins, the parishioners say,
has made up his mind that the proceed-

with religion.

| by a board of trustees, 80 these men were |
Lynn M. Saxton of New York |®

The Sunday school has 119;

‘ot |

there it appeared that the desire for!

because Mr. |

| ings of the last few days have little to do long.

  

The delegate of the teamsters who are
till on strike in a number of stables
added his testimony to the abuse by the
‘police. A committee was finally ap-
| pointed to protest to the Mayor.

Isidore Stampler, who has bakeries at
291 Madison street and 167 Monroe street,
, employs thirty men, but couldn't get any
one to deliver for him yesterday. He
harnessed a borse and went the rounds
himself. Ina grocery store at 155 Madi-
son street he found twelve men, who

rabbed the twelve loaves he was carry-
ing and pelted him. The twelve men
were #008 when Policeman O'Brien ap=
peared. O'Brien started to accompany
da, They had ridden

a
| horse's bridle. O'Brien arrested them.
| In the night court one of the men, Jaqob
| Barolsky, was fined $5 ane the others,
ed.

The reserves of the Delancey street
station were called out last evening to
quell a disturbance at Nowman’s bakery,
142 Clinton street.

j}around the bakery and the mob had
smashed a $100 plate glass window. The
mob threw missiles of different kinds at

the police, who then used their night-|

sticks and made three arrests.

 

|They wanted to ally with some reguiar INNOCENT, THUMB PRINT SAYS.
This party got 60 Strong ian guspected of Murder Cleared by

| Making His Mark.

| Cricace, May 9.—A thumb print has
cleared William Reilly of all suspicion in
connection with the death of Mrs. Mar-
garet Grigpen who was murdered in her
home in Winnebago, Ill., on the night of
April 2%.

Reilly, who was a neighbor of Mrs.

Grippen, left his home shortly after the
murder was discovered and came to
Chicago. He underwent a surgical opera-
tion and then was taken to a hospital,
where he has been for a week.
| The authorities of Winnebago brought
| to Chicago a lamp chimney on which are
finger marks and also brought impres-
sions of corresponding prints found on
/a door in Mra. Crippen’s house. These
are the only clues the Winnebago athori-
ities have fo the identity of the murderer.
Prints of the fingers and thumbs of thirty
persons living in the neighborhood were
compared with the marks on the lamp
chimney, but none of them tallied.

Reilly was taken from the hospital to
the Isureau of Identification yesterday
and imprints of his fingers and thumbe
were taken. They were compared with
the marks on the chimney.

“They are entirely dissimilar,” waa the
decision of the Bertillun operator

 

Crack Ship of South American Service.

The new Lamport & Holt steamship
Vasari, awiftest and biggest of the fleet
named chiefly for poets, painters and
philosophers, arrived yesterday from the
yards of her builders at Middlesbrough,
England. She stopped on her way at
Plymouth and took aboard cargo which
she will carry to Brazil. She will ply
between New York and South America.
She measures 8,401 tons and is 502 feet
She is the best equipped ship in
j the South American service.

, When the police ar-|
Robins | rived there were several hundred persons

  

| on the part of the Hains family will be a

| petition for a stay of execution of the com-
mitment until argument can be made

| on the petition to have the person of cent:
sais restored to the Federal jurisdic-
tion.

When court opens at 10 o'clock this
| morning Mr. Mclatyre will begin the sum-
| ming up for the defence. His speech will

be ifrnited to three hours, 80 he assured
the Court on Friday.

The lawyer said yesterday that through-
out his plea to the jury he would adhere
strictly to the lines of evidence introduced
in the defence and would make no de-

rture in an appeal to the unwritten law.

Je will cite all of the nerve wracking

incidents ehendis the discovery by the
|Captain of his wife's alle, infidelity,
| laying stress upon the testimony of Gen.
Hains, his wife and two sons as to Capt.
| Hains’s actions when the revelations
were made to him. Mrs. Claudia Hains
will not be spared in the recital of the
wae ry If, the k led, f

n an erself, n0' ge Oo!
whieh wrecked the mind of the defend-
ant, according to the testimony of some
of the witnesses,

Mr. McIntyre will call to the attention
of the juryethe fact that District Attor-
hey De Witt did not set before that body
evidence of all the eye witnesses to the
shooting and the events immediately
following, although he was possessed
of the abity todoso. Policemen Woods
}and McGuire of the Flushing station,

who observed the demeanor of the de-
fendant during the time ‘that he was
being brought to the station after the
| shooting, were not put on‘ the stand,
| Mr. McIntyre will declare,* because they
had told the District Attorney that the
‘Captain's acts were not rational. For
the same reason the owner of the auto-
|mobile which conveyed the prisoner
| to the station and Mrs. Annis, the widow
'of the slain man, who saw the shooting,
were not called to testify for the prosecu-
| tion, according to Mr. McIntyre's con-
| tentions.

MAINE BANK RESTRAINED.

 

 

 

Waterville Trust Company Must Accept
No More Deposits.
Avavusta, Me., May 9.—Much interest
was manifested in Maine banking circles
| to-day when it was learned that late last
| night a restraining order was issued by
‘Associate Justice Albert M,. Spear of the
Supreme Court restraining the Waterville
Trust Company, which also maintains
branches at Dexter, Newport, Corinna
and Hartland, from receiving or accept-
ing deposits.
| The complaint was made by William B.
| Skellon of Lewiston, State bank examiner,
| and a deputy sheriff will go to Waterville
| to-morrow to serve the papers on the
officials.

Tue Waterville Trust Company was or-
ganiced sixteen years ago and for many
years was considered one of the strongest
institutions in the State. It is said Sat
dealing in electric railroad bonds has em-
barrassed the institution. Edward J.

| Lawrence of Fairfield, the electric railroad
| promoter, was for many years president
lof the bank, but was not reeleated at
‘the annual meeting in March, Horace
| Purinton, president of the Civic League

Mofntyre said that he would not make a/|°

 

 

Dust Coats for Women, 3.25 to 60.00 ~

of union linens, linens,

tungs, mohairs, pongees, worsteds or silk-and=linen,

Auto Robes,

of cloth, linen, mohair, whipcord, rubber or. leather. aa

Caonaaprarrtag 340 street)

 

cuir Paks &

    

 

 

UPTOWN CHURCH CELEBRATES.

The Northminster Presbyterian Is Now
Five Years Old.

Special services were held yesterday
at the Northminster Presbyterian Church,
141 West 115th street, to celebrate the
church's fifth anniversary. The church
had its beginning in a dancing academy
on West 116th street, where the congre-
gation worshipped for two years before
the present edifice was erected. It now
has 847 members.

At the anniversary services last even-
ing addresaes were made by the Rev.
Dr. Henry Sloane Coffin, vice-president
of the church extension committee;
James Yearance, secretary of the. trus-
tees of presbytery; Chaplain Knox of
Columbia University, and the
Rev. William Payne Shriver. Mr. Shriver,
who was private secretary to Contractor
John B. McDonald before entering the
ministry, eaid that the church, which
had had its beginning in a dance hall,
represented an effort to establish a new
church that would be “free from old and

ham: ng traditions.”
is pulpit,” he said, “stands for a
free and fearless restatement of the

Gospel in the terms of modern thought
and with regard to the urgent needs of
our present social life. The church’s
responsibility~just now is to aid in de-
veloping a great, ens ,
ment springing out of such religious
conviction which shail support and
foster the movements making for po-
litical reform and the improvement
of the conditions of living. The prac-
tical effecting of these reforms is now
largely in the hands of such organiza-
tions as the Child Labor Cummittee, the

; Municipal League, the Bureau of Munici-
Researc!

to have existed between | ¢

jof Maine and a prominent brick manu- \

| facturer, is the Vio POOR oan and many
| prominent men in t central part of
the State are directors.

ASK FOR
ASHBURN-CROSBYS

OLD MEDAL
FLOUR

THE VERY HIGHEST QUALITY

b and the labor unions, espe-
qualified by their character and
iom from denominational contro] to
do this work. What these movements
need is a more widespread and sympa-
thetic support. Suc support the
churches should generate.

pal
ciall

 

 

 

White Roc.

The Mineral Water unexcelled.
On the menu of every notable .. er i

occasion.

“The World's Best Table Water™)

 

 

BB. Altman & Co.

COTTAGE FURNISHINGS ATVERY MODERATE PRICES !

INCLUDING LACE AND MUSLIN WINDOW AND°VESTIBULB 7%
CURTAINS AND CURTAIN MATERIALS BY THE YARD. .

ALSO PERSIAN PRINTS, A NEW AND VERY EFFECTIVE ~ >
FABRIC FOR SUMMER FURNISHING, SHOWN IN

CURTAINS, PORTIERES, COUCH, TABLE AND STAND COVERS, a i
BED COVERLETS, PILLOW TOPS AND MATERIALS BY THE me

YARD, TOGETHER WITH A
PRINTED MATERIALS. re

FURNITURE SLIP

ORIENTAL AND

SUITABLE FOR COUNTRY

WOOL RUGS, WASHABLE

tor, the |

wave of senti- |

 

DRAFT SCREENS, HAMMOCKS, LAWN CANOPY TABLES, _ , ;

LOUNGING PILLOWS, SCRAP BASKETS, PIN CUSHIONS, *j |
SCARFS, SEWING SCREENS, HAT AND UTILITY BOXES, ETC.

OIL AND ELECTRIC LAMPS AND CRETONNE LAMP SHADES. | |

WINDOW AND PORCH SHADES MADE TO ORDER. 9: Be

 

IN STYLES ADAPTED FOR THE VARIOUS ROOMS, v.
HALLS, VERANDAS, ETC., INCLUDING FIBRE GRASS AND

AND ART SQUARES.

INEXPENSIVE ORIENTAL RUGS AND CARPETS, gee hes

Sth Street, 35th Street and 5th Aner, New Pork; |

shan~

    
  

glorias, cheviots,

1.50 to 35.00

 

} . es

The largest and beat equipped ware }

rooma in the Country.’ ). ud

The Perfection of Cleanliness and Efficiency.

The “Eddy” Ov Suandird Mets Lined | 7

‘The “Premier” Gis tine <i:
‘China and[Glass

 

 

ee eens a.

Feeniture, Fire Irons, Andirons, Fen- | 4
ders, Willow Ware, WaterCoolers, ‘ |
Ice Cream Freezers. B

| Goods carefully packed and delivered’ ~ ©

| free to any part of Greater New York. and
at stations wilbin 100 miles.

Orders by mail receive prompt and careful attention

130 and 132 Weat 42d St.,New York =

Father John Cherfy Transferred.:
The Rev. John Cherry’ of St. Patrick's
Roman Catholic Church been §
a8 pastor of the Church of St. n of a
‘ours on Knickerbocker avenue, ee 7
He will take charge of the ip 4
| pase vacant by the death of the Rev.
James Donahue. ERR “

 

 

¢ 4 ; oe

A

zine

‘
’
/
u
‘

i ‘ 5 .

soa om
ae 68

LARGE VARIETY OF OTHER

eee

ar eee We a

 

COVERS, AWNINGS,

| ss eA
DOMESTIC RUGS

HOMES OR COTTAGE USE

    
  
 
   
    
 
  
  
 

f

BATH MATS, HOMESPUNS ’