4
ip
es
«
x

y
.

ered

on

   

a
a

ea

Te

g

rotate

 

The ales Sun.

I aeerrarere errr creern renee ens
MONDAY, MAY 10, 1009,

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Olass Mall Matter.

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid,

DAILY, Per Month, «a +0 wear ero nsrs ans SO BO
DAILY, Per Year... 00sec: am ncsrerrreree 6 OO
» SUNDAY, Per Year......... stecsremmmes BOO
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year........ 8 00
"DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month..,.... 70

Postage to foreign countries added.

All checks, money orders, &¢., to be made pay-

le to THE SuN,

c—

Published by the Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough
of Manhattan, New York. President and Treas-
urer of the Association, William M. Laffan, 170
Nassau street, The office of Secretary of the
Association is temporartly vacant.

London office, Effingham House, 1 Arundel)

.) Street, Strand. The daily and Sunday Sow are

.0@ gale in London et the American and Colo-
nial Exchange, Cariton street, Regent street,
aad Daw's Steamship Agency, 17 Green stree
Leicester Square. '

Paris office, 32 Rue Louis le Grand. The dally
and Sunday editions are on sale at Kioequoe 12, near
the Grand Hotel; Kiosque 77, Boulevard des Cap-
ucines, corner Place de |'Opéra, and Kiosque 19,
Boulevard des Italiens, corner Rue Louis le Grand,

 

 

Tf our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
(pudMoation wish to have rejected articles returned
Poy must in all cases send stamps for that purpose,
———————————

A Statesman in a Hurry.

The Supreme Court of the United
Btates rendered its decision {n refer-
ence tothe constitutionality of the com-
mnodities clause in the amended inter-~

commerce act on Monday. On

. ‘Whursday in the Senate Mr. Barer of
> Texas introduced a bill to “remedy the

D> defects” tn the

7

act pointed out by the

Supremo Court, although he frankly
‘avowed that he had not yet read the

* Yppiinion of the court!
h _ Upon the statement of his colleague,

2

§Mr, Cutzerson, that he had procured a

' wopy of the opinion and meant to ask

© -leave to have it printed as a Senate
my <locument, Senator Barer withdrew
= *is amendment for the time being.

“The introduction of such a_measure

© ‘under such circumstances is a striking
© Mlustration of the all pervasive atmoa-
= phere of hurry which characterizes the
§ @o-called atateamanship of to-day.

We would courteously refer Senator

om Batxy to the following observations
|. on that subject:

8
BS

“The modern world is in a hurry, Not

> only does it measure the wisdom of a
| wourse of action by the resulta, but it

&) ‘wants to see those results.

B
hn

é

It demands
of men and of policies rapid succes.
Conversely it is not content, when
something is wrong, to see whether

> mattera will not right themselves in the

natural course of events, or even to
wait until the subject has been thor-

| oughly studied, It seeks an immediate

remedy, and often grasps at the first
plausible suggestion. Nor does it look
fur uhead for the signs of future trouble,
because it is busy; its hands are filled

a by the work of the day. In short, the
© world is prane to deal only with the

ne)
© than causes.” -

things that are pressing and obvious,
and therefore to treat symptoms rather

These are the wise and weighty words

EB -of Professor A. LAWRENCE LOWELL, the

newly elected president of Harvard

F University, in his recently published
= work on the Government of England.
b) They are as true of this country as they

» areof

i
Se

=e

<9

Ue ‘which could be produced at home.

Great Rritain.

 

Secretary Wilson on Beet Sugar.

Secretary WILSON is the authority for
@ statement to the effect that it is easily
possible for this country to produce from
beets five times the quantity of sugar
now required by the American market.
There are numerous articles of use and
fonsumption..about which a similar
statement:can be made. We pay to
ether countries every year scores of
@nillions of dollars for merchandise
On

» @ basis of physical possibilities there
— $s no more reason for importing goat
He pkins, raw silk, rice, wool, cement, hops,

bi

wh

tin plate, hay or a score of other arti-

* ‘oles than for importing sugar.

In 1908’ there were sixty-four beet

* gugar factories in the United States,

5
"i

¥,
+

v

]

P

van increase of fifty-eight in twelve

The yield in 1896 was about
80,000 tons. The output is now about
450,000 tons. Taken by itself this is

| an important and significant fact. It

appears as an ample indorsement of Mr.
.Wison’sstatement. Thereis, however,
another side to the matter. During

Hat «the twelve year period which shows

- an increase of 420,000 tons in the annual
} output of beet sugar the American
» demand for sugar has increased from

ie

» rate largely for the purpose of protect-
Sing and developing the American beet

© industry.

1

a

2,000,000 tons annually to 3,000,000.
The sugar tariff is maintained at iis

It is undeniable that the
imposition of a duty mainly for the
purpose of stimulating and increasing

' this industry has increaged the cost of |

: the entire quantity consumed by a sum

B not far from total tonnage consumed

multiplied by the rate of duty.
During the last twelve years the total

= consumption has been about 30,000,000

» approximately $35 a ton.

pe tons. - The average duty has been
Therefore, | optimistic people will be glad and proud

{s proper justification for protecting
the industry in zones in which the root
cannot be grown at a fair and reason-
able cost. In his estimate of possible
production Mr. WILSON uses as a basis
“those portions of the United States
adapted by nature and with the aid
of irrigation to its (the sugar beet's)
culture.” In those areas beet sugar is
produced at a cost which entirely fails
to justify the rate now imposed. The
American people now pay about $400,-
000,000 a year for sugar. A reduction
of half a cent a pound in the duty
would destroy no justifiably established
industry, would leave all reasonable
encouragement for extension of beet
Siteiprises and would save to the
American consumers not far from
$40,000,000 a year.

There is a very wide difference be-
tween the actual and the potential pro-
ductivity of the soil of the United States.
Four-fifths of a bale of cotton to the
acre, thirteen bushels of wheat to the
acre, ninety-five bushels of potatoes to
the acre, and 450,000 tons of beet sugar
are alike a long way from the poasibili-
ties of production, It is not a question
of what can be done but of what is likely
to be done, and whether probable re-
sults will justify the cost. The beet
sugar industry must show better re-
sults than it has shown thus far before
there will be proper justification for
its demands for an extravagant pro-
tection.

 

The Governor’s Astonishment.

In the last year of Governor Hiaains’s
administration the appropriations for
expenses of the State were $26,978,928,
Governor HuHGEs entered office on
January 1, 1907, imparting to the ad-
ministration of publio affaira, in the
opinion of hia friends, a respectability
that up to that time had never been
approached in Albany. This desirable
condition was promptly reflected in
the cost of government, the appropria-
tions for 1907 being $28,865,855, and for
1908 $29,800,401. For this year the ap-
propriations are $39,000,000. The Gov-
ernor may reduce this to $37,000,000
by vetoes, but cannot get the cost of
running the State much below the
latter sum.

The Albany correspondent of one of
our neighbors informs his newspaper
that “this great increase has astonished
the Governor.” If it has he enjoys the
distinction of being entirely alone.
Everybody else in the State has known
that the Legislature was making extrav-
agant appropriations. All the Sena-
tors and Assemblymen, all the heads
of departments, all the Albany corre-
spondents, knew that money was being
voted with enthusiastic disregard for
economy, the treasury and the unpopu-
larity of new taxes. In the old and un-
reformed days the Governor was wont
to say things about appropriation bills
to the members of the Legislature.
This ancient and of course abominable
practice is properly condemned by the
Governor. He prefers to appeal to the
people and be astonished by the acts
of the Legislature.

Cobless Corn.

Why should any serious agriculturist
wish to produce cobless corn? It is
not impossible to imagine some moon-
struck dreamer of strange dreams in
vegetation, some experimenter in futile
combinations, passing by easy stages
from the seedless orange to the cobless
corn and telling himself that the des-
tinies of the human race depend upon
the issue. But why any genuine coun-
tryman should waste his time in such
enterprises passes understanding.

We already bave flavorless oysters,
contrived by artificial processes at no
small cost of time and vigilance, and the
seedless orange was known in Florida
and Louisiana fifty years and more
ago. But the oysters afflict the judi-
cious, stimulate the sale of condiments
and produce uneasiness if nothing worse,
while the seedless orange, never so
palatable as the common variety, long
ago fel] into neglect and avoidance on
the part of the initiated. A few years
ago some Government official in Wash-
ington called heaven and the newspapers
to witness that he had at last succeeded
in producing the long desired orange;
and we have little doubt that the
achievement went to the credit of the
particular “department” and was even-
tually appealed to in justification for
an inflamed appropriation. The nat-
ural fruit, however, remains a popular
favorite. The seedless has been passed
on to the Museum of Freaks or been
forgotten.

But whole communities are aroused
over the cobless corn. An Illinois man
is patiently incubating some of the
specimens, and another man out in Den-
ver is begging, with tears in his eyes,

 

» present high if not actually exorbitant|for a little of the seed. Newspapers

are contending over it, and a State
agricultural college is lubricating the
experiments witM public funds. Kept
well within the salaried fraternity, the
enterprise is not without a certain
negotiable value. It will pad the
pay rolls, stiffen the esprit de corps,
promote the preparation of profound
“papers,” which outsiders must regard
with awe in the reading, and help in its
small way to create a species of priest-
hood, which of course an opulent and

» partly for revenue, partly for the pro-'to maintain and no questions asked.
® tection of the cane sugar industry of |We can believe indeed that bloated
Hawaii, Porto Rico and Louisiana, but} patrons of industry might in time ex-
By largely for the benefit of the American | hibit specirnens of cobless corn in their
» beet industry, the people of the United

-~

P

4 ers’ profits,

| States have paid during the last twelve{the “smart set.”
p= years more than $1,000,000,000 over and! and frugal farmer wants with cobless |
bove the normal cost of producing} corn is an impenetrable mystery to us,

|
'

steam heated conservatories to impress
But what any sane

ugar plus the cost of handling, refining} How many thousands of shelling ma-
and distribution und handlers’ and deal- ! chines, for example, would be discarded?

8 of this has gone to the United States

‘Treasury as customs revenues. The re-

Approximately $600,000,000 |

|

But that is a slight consideration. Peo-
ple who dwell in the country--real
agriculturists, in fact-have a dozen

pmainder has gone for the encourage- | uses for corncobs that the inhabitants

tories of about $70,000,000 and-a present
‘annual income to farmers of about
$20,000,000 for beets.

 It,is not entirely a question whether
“the United States can or cannot. pro-
duce its own supply of sugar. It is
@ question whether, in view of
he enormous cost of doing so, thers

the
4

i

.

»

ei
ys

ak 5

se 5
arene

~

» ment of a domestic industry which now | of the cloister and the boulevard have
P represents a capital investment in fac-| never dreamed of.

Regard, if you
please, the pipes, with fig or apple
stems, on which the weary husbandman
regales himself postprandially. Think
of the roaring fires that corncobs make
in red hot stoves. The corncob is a
part of rural life. It figures in many
useful and accustomed ways.

Even
Mr. Roosevelt's Uplift Commission

has not ventured to challenge its ven-
erated eminence, .

And right here and now we “launch
the prediction” that coblessa corn, while
it may become the pride of the clinic,
the plaything of the cinematograph, the
hope of struggling scientists, and a flour-
ishing item in the scheme of Congres-
sional appropriation, will never, never
coil itself around the farmer's heart.

 

The Author of “St. Kimo.”

We haven't read for many years the
novels of AuGusTa J. EVANS WILSON,
but we cheerfully record a certain affeo-
tion for them. They have “had an enor-
mous sale”; they have given pleaaure
to we don't know how many millions
of people; and if other “beat sellers”
have surpassed them on the commer-
cial side of late years, we doubt if
the supplanters are much improvement
upon the supplanted. “Beulah” cele-
brates ita green half century this year.
The fires of “St. Elmo” were flaming
in the consulship of PLANcUS; and we
remember the outside if we recall little
of the contents, The autograph of
G. W. CARLETON glitters on the cover,
an autograph dear to admirers of AR-
TEMUS WARD and shining still on that
ugly, blue edged reprint of Swin-
BURNE’S first series of “Poems and
Ballads,” called “Laus Veneria” and re-
garded by the simple public of forty odd
years ago as the sum of iniquities.

How “St. Elmo” was praised and
damned and advertised and wept over!
How superior to it were superior per-
sons! Well, we dare say, without one
clear memory of it, that it was quite
as good as many more pretentious
works. Miss EVANS, as she was called,
was a “great American novelist,” and
she continued to produce almost to the
end. If she had outlived the brilliant
hour of her success, the novel writing
guild may take warning. Such as I
am ye soon shall be. Make hay while
the sun shines. No day without a big
batch of pages.

 

Evils and Opportunities.

New Yorkers are disappointed, for
the first time, by the Bureau of Munici-
pal Research. It reports only fifty-five
“evils” to be remedied in the munici-
pal administration. A paltry number,
unworthy of a town like this. Local
pride is a tender plant here, but it had
sprung up, and it was flourishing, if not
like a green bay tree, yet with what
seemed a reasonable and promising
growth. Citizens of a mean and wicked
city felt a certain satisfaction in its
portentous and preposterous “evils.”
Divers worthy gentlemen make a good
living out of them. New evils have al-
ways been found in quantities to suit.
The extravagances, the incompetence,
the muddleheadedness of the adminis-
tration were supposed to be on Brob-
dingnagian scale, warta proportionate
to the giant’s size. And yet only fifty-
five evils can be catalogued. Probably
Boston, Bigger and Worse Boston, can
equal that.

The next Mayor’s “opportunities” are
23, we believe, an ominous if not fatal
number. However, opportunities to
spend money are among them. This
at least is encouraging. ,

 

The restoration of the franchise to the
downtrodden inhabitants of the District
of Columbia is a beautiful notion that
springs eternal in the District breast.
These wards of the Government—for that
is essentially their statue—wax fat and
kick,

 

The consumer ts @ myth.—The Hon,
Canor Lopos,
Even Mr, Lopae is a producer of books.
—X—K_——Ssa_

Pronouns of the Second Persona.

TO THR Epitor oF THE SUN—Sir; My barber

told me this morning that many educated people

| In New York say “youse” for the plural; but that
| he, being from Indiana, considers the form un-
grammatical.

Contrariwise, a Quaker friend of mine calis
| persons who become of singular import to him

“thee” (not “thee and thou,” for the friendly
usage bas “thee ts").

The eighteenth century distinguished between

“you was" and “you were,” without however
| going so far as “you Is” and “you are.”

How came it that we lost a discrimination
| waies we apparently so much want? If it was
| @ question of politeness, what feeling made it
| seem politer to pretend that an individual was a
| much less worthy thing, a mass? Was It a demo-
{ cratic tendency?
| Do we not need two or even three numbers In

the second personal pronoun much more than we

HENRY

need what Stevenson desired, different words
| for the parties of the first and of the second parts?
And if we need and want them, shan't we get
them? How do you think the problem ts to bean-
swered? For my part, it seemato me “you all” ts
a solution; but then, J come from Missourt,
Naw YORK, May 9. Louis How.

 

A Manifestant.

TO THE DITOR OF THE SuN—Sir; The auto-
Mobile passién seems to be based on the desire
of a small person occasionally to ride over mor-
tals of ordinary size, especially juveniles, and
steadily to triumph over all bis fellow creatures,

The safety of the human race requires that the

automoblilists should realize that they are not
| admired and reverenced by their fellow creatures;
| geared they may be occasionally, more par-
tieularly by children and old ladies, Some de-
vice fs needed to show the payer on the Instal-
ment plan or the mortgager under the chattel
mortgage who rides the machine the true sentl-
ments of his fellow creatures.

Until somebody tells you something better,
let me suggest the holding of the nose as the ma-
chine passés. That will keep out the odor and
manifest the true sentiment of the average human
creature, WRSTFIELD.

New Yorg, May 4,

 

 

Prejadice Against the Stage in China.
From the London Chronicle.

So great is the official prejudice against the
stage in Chima that It extends even to the chil-
dren of actors, and these sre prohibited from hold.
ing any post under Government. Four years
ago the grandson of an actor named Cheng was
appointed translator to the Chinese Legation at
Beflin, Cheng Inj his day was in the very front
of his profession, and ranked as high in the esteem
of all classes of soclety as Sir Menry Irving did
in this country. Yet the nomination of his de-
| scendant caused an outcry among Chinese oM-
| olals, and a memorial praying for his removal
was presented to the Empresa Dowager. The
new official, it was pointed out, belonged to the
caste of actors, who ranked ‘with barbers and
chiropodists as the three lowest classes in: the
country. The younger Cheng, however, was
able to prove that his parents did not follow his
grandfather's profession, so the appointment was
allowed to stand.

 

Ivory a Government Monopoly.
From Forest and Stream.

| There are doubtless still places in Central
| Africa where money may be made in trading tvory
and other things, but at the present time these
| places are few. Im British East Africa ivory ts
now 6 Government monopoly and you may not
| trade an ounce of It,

 

 

eastice to a Neglected Character.
| Kaleker—They are now trying to establish a
| Mothers’ Day.
Bocker—Then perhaps one pay day of the year
could be pet aside to celebrate Father, -

eye

 

qa

SUN. MONDAY, MAY_10,

GERMANY’S AIRSHIP FLEET.

‘The progress in the development of alr-
ships has nowhere been so marked as in
Germany, and that country not only has a
serviceable sample of each of the three
types, the rigid, semi-rigid and non-rigid,
but has duplicated each type already and
is fast building additions, so that by next
fall she will have at least three Parsevals,
three Gross balloons and four or five Zep-
pelina.

Tho relative value of these three types
has been much discussed, but the fact re-
mains that in Germany all three have proved
efficient, and the specimens on hand are
all serviceable and ready for use in war,
although {inprovements will certainly be
made, and that shortly. The remarks of
Prince Henry regarding the Zeppelin bal-
loon must not be taken too literally; the
Zeppelin belloen ts & success and will bs
used in the next war, and Prince Henry
merely intimated that it was not yet (as
every military expert or any intelligent
layman knows) a perfectly reliable and
trustworthy war machine. Its develop-
ment in the last year or two, however, has
been simply phenomenal, and any one
watching its flight through the air is read-
ily convinced that it represents the manner
of aerial locomotion of the future.

The interest in the subject in Germany is
remarkable. The Zeppelin fund, raised
entirely by voluntary oontributions after
the destruction of the Zeppelin airship at
Echterdingen last summer, now amounts
to over 6,000,000 marks, The Reichstag
appropriated 2,150,000 marks for the pur-
chase of two airships of the rigid or Zep-
pelin type,and the Government alao bought
the Pareeval balloon. The Gross balloons
already belong to the Government.

All over Germany soocfeties are being
formed for the support and encouragement
of airship construction, Business men
along the Rhine have raised funds for
oonstructing two fiying machines and to
build the Schuette airship at Danzig (whiob
is to rival Zeppelin’s, using wood framing
in place of aluminum). At Kiel, Berlin and
elsewhere prizes varying from 5,000 to 40,000
marks have been offered by clubs or indi-
viduals for flying machines of German
construction. At Friedrichshafen a com-
pany fos the construction of motor balloons
(Zeppelins) has been organized with a
capital of 300,000 marks, and at Bitterfeld
another for building Parsevals, with a
capital of 500,000 marks, while others for
smaller airships have been formed in Kiel,
Elberfeld and Berlin.

The capita! invested in motor balloons in
Germany is a surer indication of the people's
faith in aerial navigation and the value of
their present types than the remarks of
Prince Henry.

All three types have proved their ability
to remain in the air at least eleven or twelve
hours, and the speed attained has exceeded
thirty miles an hour, which is sufficient
to enable them to remain up and gain ground
against the wind for fully three-fourths of
thedaysinthe year. Theability to land on
dry ground in the open has been proved in
all three systems, and their capability of
rising to great heights, out of reach of
artillery fire, without sacrificing too much
ballast and thus becoming unserviceable
for further reconnoissance working has also
been shown.

Besides the large balloon hall being
erected at Friedrichshafen on Lake Con-
stance a hall for military airships ts being
built on the right bank at Cologne and
another for a private company, capable of
housing different types of balloons, on the
left bank. A wireless station for airship
service is also being erected there as well
as @ plant (Dellwik-Fleischer) for making
hydrogen for airships.

Besides the balloon halls at Zege!, near Ber-
lin, for the old Gross and Parseval balloons,
a new balloon hall fora Gross or military
balloon for the Eighteenth Army Corps is
being built at Darmstadt, and a crew hall
for the new Parseval has already been
erected at Bitterfeld.

The Aeronautical exposition at Frankfort-
on-the-Main, which opens this summer, will
probably have a Zeppelin airship as well
as a Parseval on exhibition aud in use for
pleasure trips.

The development of this subject, there-
fore, on a very large ecale, is very apparent
{n Germany, and there is no doubt but that
in a very short time Germany will have a
fleet of airships far ahead of that of any
other nation.

Besides the larger airships for the field
armies every fort on the land frontier as
well as on the coast is to be equipped with
a dirigible balloon, mostly of the Parseval
or Gross pattern, but also in case of the
most important fortified places of smaller
Zeppelin types. .

The developments in motor balloons in
the last year also indicate the lines along
which future developments will take place,
and it is interesting to note them.

The Zeppelin airship has risen to a height
; of 5,400 feet and has carried as many as
twenty-six passengers on some of its trips.
The tendency is to increase the carrying
power not so much by increasing the capac-
ity as by diminishing the dead weight,
all of course with a view to using heavier
motors of greater power and therefore
giving the airship a greater radius of action.
If the Schuette (Danzig) balloon proves
successful Zeppelin will probably use a
wooden framework of Americah pine, which
is now being tested for the purpose, in place
.of aluminum. This will have another ad-
vantage: the great masa of aluminum in
the present Zeppelin airships tends to make
the whole take an electrostatic state, posi-
tive or negative, opposite to that of the
clouds above, and it is assumed that this
was the cause of the disaster at Echter-
dingen. If wood were used no such effect
could result.

At very great heights, to which the re-
cent balloon artillery forces airships to rise,
it is doubtful if benzine will explode readily
on account of the diminished air pressure;
consequently some new form of motor will
probably have to be invented. This fact is
already receiving consideration,

It should be remembered, however, that
the safety of an airship lies quite as much
in its speed and in the fact that it can steer
in any direction, not only right and left
but also up and down, Ita cellular con-
struction gives the Zeppelin 4 great advant-
age, since a single shot can never put it
out of action unless it fires or explodes the
gas within, The diMiculties of ranging by
the artillery will be very great.

The question of navigation of the air
as a possibility was settled when during
the test eight years the weight of motors
to the horse-pdwer was reduced from 57.2
to 8.8 pounds. The great question now is
how to construct an airship with great en-
durance for long voyages—that is perfectly
reliable to go for several days, like the ships
that navigete the sea,

Here again the Zeppelin has a great ad-
vantage on account of its so-called dynamic
power, By taking an inclined position in
the vertical! place the kite affect comes into
play, and this gives the airship a component
tending to raise or lower it, depending on
whether the bow is raised or lowered, by
the force of the wind or air alone, without
using the motors, This dynamic effect is
very great and is estimated at 2,200 pounds
in the Zeppelin airship.

The rigid airship is therefore really a
combination of a motor balloon and an
aeroplane. The idea that such a large
balloon envelope as that of the Zeppelin
will lose 80 much gas in the sun or at high
elevations as to render it unserviceable ia
also untenable; as a matter of fact it will
lose a certain amount, but after that the
gas will simply expand or/oontract in its
envelope, and the latter will merely vary
somewhat in tension, The dynamic power
is more than sufficient to overcome all
doleterious effects from this cause.

Both Krupp and Ebrhardt have manu-
factured artillery gyne for firing on air-
ships, but the difficulties of ranging are very
great. The Ebrhardt gun fires a 2 inch
projectile to a maximum elevation of 10,000
feet. It is mounted either in an armored
automobile for pursulng airships or in a
special mount for use in forts.

The Krupps make three types of balloon
guns, 2)4, § and 4 inch respectively, firing

projectiles to still greater heights. In
order © facilitate ranging they have pat-

 

1909.

 

oe

ANIMALS AND SUN SPOTS.

——_—_—__--*
The Connection Between the Twe, Ac
cording te Simreth's Theory.

 

 

ented a shel! which leaves behind it a burn-
ing track, so that ita course through the
air can be readily followed by tho eye.
In this way it oan be seen whether the
projectile falls ahort of the target or goes! | From the Umechau.
over it and whether to the right or the left} fy simroth has attempted to explain suc-
of a) on the n con © properly COT | megsive glacial Peete Se Er estaa by b
rected for the next roun tions by changes o: cau
The question of using the motor balloon | very Pee oscillation of the earth, to the ex-
as an ornare Ceres Of Sawa i ebraoy tent of 30 or 40 degrees to pene cissotes
purposes has ; m
There is little doubt that it will be so used, | eae « meee eu Sumatra. The
andthe fact that at thelast Hague conference | pause assumed by Simroth for the pendula-
d to subscribe tel-
several of the States refuse tion is the oblique impact of a former sa
to its non-employment for ard purpose | lite, coming from the weat southwest, upon
ove on ve Reed in this yespect | the earth in the region of as Sudan. mie
The capacity of motor balloons for carry- oe bees teas allt De laal ide originated
ing explosive shells is very limited, still near the 10 degree meridian (the equator
the Zeppelin airship can carry . least as of the pendulation axis), which passes
many large torpedoes as an ordinary tor-| though central Europe and the Sudan, and
one of ita consequences is an tetricate con-
nection between sun spots and the geo-
graphical distribution of animals, Buch a
connection has long been aseumed to exist
(in regard to visitations of locusts, for ex
ample), but the assumption has found favor
with few voologists, According to the theory
the period of fluctuation in animal life
should be the mean sun spot period of eleven
years, although the interval which actually
intervenes between successive sun spot
maxima varies from six to seventeen years,
In 1007, in accordance with the Cheory, many
species of animale appeared fn unaccus-
tomed places orinunusually large nambers.
The following examples, with many others,
are mentioned by Simroth In a recent arti-
cle. Siberian pine Jaya flocked isto Ger-
many in great numbers in 1907, as they had
done in 1896. The cause commonly assumed
for the migration of these birds ts e, failure
of the Siberian crop of pine nuta, * s\cb are
tBeir principal food. Simrot& @# the con-
trary attributes the migratiog 20 increase
in the number of birds resulting from an

cc cost.

However, the proper sphere of the air-
sbip is reconnoiesance, while Its destructive
power has been exaggerated. Information
{a the great deaideratum in a campaign
and that the airship is capable of furnishing
to a remarkable extent and for that pur-
pose will it be mainiy used.
The effect of motor balloons on tactics
will be very marked. A motor balloon
that can traverse the entire front of a
deployed army like that of France or
Germany in twelve hours and report the
results of its reconnoisaance to the Com-
mander-in-Chief will certainly be a grave
and important element in war. KH must
result that the nights only, when the airships
cannot see to recomnoitre, will be utilized
for mana@uvres and marches, the troops
resting by day. But many other changes
will follow, and the whole system of war-
fare will undergo a great revolution. It is
impossible to foresee all the consequences
of this innovation, but the change from
tae old system to the new will be great.

Germany, as we have seen, is in the
lead. Her airship fleet is being tested
almost daily and is the most efficient in the
world to-day and her progress in aeronautics
and her development in the future are as-
sured by the interest and enthusiasm of
her people,

preceding year. In support of this view he
cites the very heavy crop of seed produced
by German conifers in 1906 and the remark-
ably large numbers of squirrels seen in 1807.

Asiatic prairie hens also appeared in Eu-
rope in 1907. Taeir last previous appear-
ance was in 1938, approximately two sun
spot periods eirlier. In 1907 the woodwork
of the Natioual Museum in Washington was
seriously injured by termites. A similar
attack had been made eleven or twelve
years before. In the spring of 1908 about
15,000 pounds of shad were taken from 4
Prussian lake which had yielded an equally
surprising harvest in 1897. Im 1907 huge
swarms of wasps, thistle moths and dragon
flies appeared in Germany and locusta in
Hungary. Simroth attributes to sun spote
even the unusual numbers of the white vari-
ety of the common great slug (Luriax maxi-
mus). Without regard to the pendulation
theory the ocourrence of s0 many phenom-
ena of this nature in 1907 is very remarkable,
but in the same year many species were
unusually scarce. The numbers of every
species vary from year to year, owing
doubtless to climatic influences. Simroth
draws from the phenomena a number of
conclusions, of which the following are the
most interesting:

In the equatorial phase of pendulation,
through which Europe is now passing, vari-
ous organisms return both from the east
(e. g., Siberian jays and prairie hens) and
from the west (e. g., some American mol-
lusks and plants) to the tenth east meridian.
Both the migration and the multiplication
of species are connected with the eleven
year sun spot period.

 

THE GREAT CODIFICATION.

Progress in Establishing the Text of the

To Tam Eprron or Tug Sun—Sir: Yester-
day’s contributions toward the production of a
perfect veraion of the profane classic are of great
interest. Certain portions of the text have been
corrupted In I think every version so far given.
Ip the first place the actual mise en scéne has,
T think, not been stated. 1+ was the not unusual
incident of those times in whaling waters, The
whaler had made the usual request, in answer
to which the British “limejuicer” had hung the
customary bieckboard over her quarter with the
latitude and longitude boldly chalked thereon.
It “falling dead ca'm,” the mate “came off for a
cam,” and being supplied with the wherewithal
in the wardroom, narrated the incident, The
master’s name was “Cap'n Simmons,” the mate's
name was “Mr. Simmons.”

1 am confident that my recollection serves ac-
curately as to the following phrases. The hails
from the masthead were three In all:

1, “Thar she blows,”

2. “Thar abe blows an’ breaches.”

a “Thar she blows an’ breaches, an' spa-a-rm at
that.”

The mate's statement of his first inquiry of the
captain was recited by him as follows: “I sez to
him, sez I, ‘Cap'n Slmmons,' sez I, ‘shell I lower?’
and this repetition of “I sez to him, ‘Cap'n Sim-
mons,' sez I,” and the repetition of the phrase
“Shell 1 lower?” may be described as a constant in
the phrases addressed to the master. Meanwhile
the master’s replies as given by the mate al! be-
gin “He ses to me, sez he, ‘Mr. Stmmons,' sez he,”
while the phrase “an’ I don't give you no orders,
Mr, Simmons, for to lower” closes each of the
captgin’s first three replics.

I should disiike to differ with any of the au-
thorities who have written on the subject, but I
think Mr. Burges Johnson js right. My strong
impression is that the wind was ng} “peart.”
My recollection ts that !t was blowing “too smart.”

Also, unless I am In crror, all have omitted the
mate's statement of his request to the crew as
they approached the whale: “An' I calls out, an'
sez, sex I, ‘Put me jeat three seas nearer, for I'm
— on 8 Jong shot.'”

Finally the actual termination, uniess I am very
much in error, was: “ ‘All I want, Cap'n Simmons,’
sez I, ‘ts seevility—seevility, Cap'n Simmons, and
that of the —— —— commonest kind.’”

I may ada that Mr. Prieth is quite right in say-
ing that “Mr. Simmons” expressed reverent
thanks for his lack of relationship to “Cap'n Sim-
mons,” but I think he is wrong about his “Ja-
mataa” (as"G. C, W.” isabout bis“ New England”);
it was Medford rum.

By the way a “fish” does not “spout” or “belch”;
“blowing,” “breaching” and “sounding” are Its
accomplishments. This one did not “sound”:
had it done so the hall from the lookout would
have been “flukes.” bd.

New Yours, May &.

 

of animal life.

THE HAPLESS CONSUMER.

Why Butt the Head ef Heilplessness
Against the Stone Wall of the Tariff?
To THE EDITOR oF Tux SUN~—Sir: Inan

article on the tariff discussion THE SUN sayst

“The few get the protection. The many

pay for it; and they pey for it witheut much

protest.” Will you kindly allow me to

 

consumers, do not make much protest?

It is simply because we are overwhelmed
with the futility of doing #0. We do not
make or unmake the tariff laws. We do
not hold any public office, nor do we have
any voice or representative on the fleor of
the Senate.

The czar of the Senate gets excited about
the “citadel of protection,” but he never
betrays any conoern for the consumer of
articles made by the protected interests.
The senior Senator from this State has not
publicly troubled himself with the interests
of any of his constituents so far as I have
been able to learn. Our junior Senator is
fighting against the payment of taxes to
the Federal Government by his wealthy
constituents who enjoy incomes of $5,000
or more a year, but I have not_seen any
word from him in the interest of the masses
of the people who are dependent upon
their wages or salaries, provided they are
not still more unfortunate by reason of
being out of work.

Furthermore, we do not have time to
to Washington and protest, or money o
hire lawyers to lobby for us. eae do
we own any news rou we
can make the protest wh ich on justly in-
timate we should be making. Ours not to

 

The Mate Speaks.

To Tmwe Forror or THB SUN-—Sir’ “Twas on
the good ship Mozambique. One hundred and
forty days at sea and not adrop of lic inthe tank¢
when I goes for'ard and | hears the lookout man
say “Thar she blows,” and I comes aft and
I sez: “Captain Simmons,” sez I, “the man on
the Jookout sez “Thar she biows.” Shall I
lower?” “Mr. Sims,” sez he, “it's blowing quite
too peart, I sce not fitten for to lower, and I
goes for’ard agalo and J heara the msn on the look-
out say “Thar she blows and beiches ang
breaches,” and I comes aft and 1 sez, “Captain
Simmons,” says 1, “the man on the lookout sez
“Thar she blows and beiches and breaches.' Can
lower?” “Mr. Sims,” sez he, “as | toid you once
before, it's blowing quite too peart. I see hot
fitten for to lower”; and | goes for'ard and I hears
the man on the lookout say “Thar she blows
and belches and breaches, and sperm at that,”
I comes aft and I sez: “Captain Simmons,”
sez |, “the man on the lookout sez “Thar she blows
and beiches and breaches, and sperm at that.”
May I Jower’” “Mr. Sims,” sez he, “as I told
you twice before, It's blowing quite too peart. I
see not fitten for to lower, but youcan lower and
be good blank blanked to you.” We chased that
critter Inte the middie of the next watch. When
we comes up to her, J sez: “Sock it to her boys,
for I'm hell on the long dart”; and we socked it
to her, and Kt tuk,

When we tows alongside Captain Simmons
stood at the gangway and the tears stood In his
eyes as big as barnacies, and heeez: “Mr. Sims,”
sez he, “you're the best first mate that ever salled
with me in the Mo-xam-beok; in the for'ard till
of my starboard lecker you'll ind whiskey, gin,
terbacker and the best New Engiandrum. Tnem's
yourn for the rest of the viyage.” “Captain
Simmons,” eez J, “I don't give a damn for your
whiskey, gin, terbacker and the best New England
rum; all I ask for is a little common seevility, and
that of the blank biank cheap sort." An’ 1 goes
for'ard. ANOTHER BERMt DIAN,

New Yor, May &

but. to do and die.

My protest against the Aldrich bill is that
it is along the same lines as the tariffs origi-
nated by his predecessors in the last cen-
tury. waea roc? industries vee #2. infan-

e as merit some protection from the
Federal nurse. The bill now before whe
Senate does not meet present condit ;
It is framed for Whe beneas or the same in-

e ufacturers, ¢
employees of said beneficiaries, and’ the
large farmers.

e nillions of clerical and professional
people are not being considered by the
enate Finance Committee, According to
Government statistics the cost of livi

has risen about 50 per cent. in the las
dozen years, but we have to accept the same
wages or salaries from year to year. It is
only just that we should now have our
innings. PATERPAMILIAS,

New YORK, May 8.

terests as of yore—

 

Executed fer Burning Ceal.
« From jhe London Daily Graphic.

Curious and little known facts about the house
fire were mentioned by Mr. E, H. Blake, addressing
the Surveyors Institution last evening on warm-
ing and ventilation. Iires were at one time a
great luxury, he sald, and even the right to use
the fire had been bequeathed. Thus the will of
one Richard Byrchett (1516) read:

“1 will yt the sayd Nell my wyfe sha) have ye
chamber she lyes in and lyberte at ye fyer tn the
house; all yeee thyngs shal she have so long es
she ys wido.”

Coal, continued Mr. Blake, was frat imported
Into London at the end of the thirteenth century,
but the smoke produced by burniag it in improp-
erly constructed grates caused such a prejudice
against It that In 1306 a law was passed making
{t a capital offence to burn coal im thecity. The
Tower records give detalls of & man‘s trial and
execution for the offence.

 

To Tae Eprrorn or Tex Son—Sir: Noticing
this controversy regerding the whaling classic,
I deeply regret the attempt to change the skipper's
namé as properly given tn the origina! tale.

Captain Bunker of Nantucket was too well
known 4 character fn his day to suffer from such
perversion of facts. He ended his days as first
keeper of the lighthouse at Sankaty Head, near
*Sconset, and his “servility” was no more common
on land than on sea.

They tell of a Government tnspector of light-
houses who called at Sankaty and looked around
in vain for the keeper, Finally, going within
the tower, he yelled up: “Where In hell ts Captain
Bunker?”

“Where in hell should I be but at my postr”
replied the faithful veteran.

Submitted with due respect by his great-
grandson. Gonos Oris DRAPER,

BoseTon, May 8. }

ey
Jews at Columbia,

To TRS Eptron or Tas Sux— Sir: Columbla
is a great university in the greatest Weatern
metropolis. One of New York's minor problems
{s the amalgamation of Jew and Gentile. Are
we at Columbie, as New York's leading educa-
tonal inst!tution, in accord with her best interests
in our treatment of the Jew?

The Hebrew at Columbia is In a virtual Ghetto,
He \s socially ostracised, Yet we have 30 per cent,
of Jews in our university, among whom sare our
most briljiant scholars, Should we not follow
the example of our sister untveraities, Harvard
and Yale, tn thelr treatment of the Jew?

At Harvard the 3 per cent. of Jews are on equal
footing with the Gentiles. @ percentage of
Jews has increased from 1.5 to 3 in the last two
years. At Yale, that paradoxical place of re.
ligious toleration and puritanism, the Israelite
is on a par with the Gentile and Is a leader in s0-
clal, religious and athletic activities, There are
now 4.67 per cent. of Jews in Yale.

New Yous, May & CG. W. Jommeox,

 

Courtesy at Washiagtea.

To THE Eprror OF Taz Sun—Sr; Je thereany
defined duty or ethics of courtesy resting upon a
member of Congress.of the United States tn con-
nection with a question asked by a constituent!

When the details of the Payne tariff bill were
made public my firm eddressed a politely worded
inquiry to one of our Senators and the Congress-
map from our business district on a pugsling
paragraph in the bill.

Never a “peep” was had in response, and I have
been mildly pondering the subject since.

To borrow from a currency in your col-
umns; “All I want is common cee-vflity, and
damned little of that,” & OW. OE

New Yorg, May 8

 

{° The Timaly Boek.
Be it Mombasa's jungle depths

Or where the Balkan troubles brew;
Be it the region of the pole,

From distant China to Peru, ’
When any corner of the earth

Grows overnight « limelight nook,
At once appears about the place

A timely book.

When Adam woke to consciousness
To And himself in Paradise,
When Sallor Noah disembarked
On Ararat's projecting rise,
We have no doubt that exch of them,
By necromancy, hook or eroek,
Pound ready waiting to his hand
A timely book. &

offer an explanation why we, the ordinary | aha

reason why, ours not to make reply; ours | &

   
  
   
    
 
    
  
   
 
  
   
  

  

 

THE MASSACRES IN ASIA MINOR,

A Globe Trotter Asserts That They Are
Reprisals.

To ras Enrron oF Tas Sux—Sir> Mp,
Wenger of Pennsylvania introduced into
the House of Representatives the other day
a resolution expressing the good will of the
American people for the new Government
of Turkey and asking for every effort on
{te part to “suppress the massacres of
Christians and non-Moslems.”

Mr. Wanger must have been deceived by
the average newspaper, which seems in-
capable of referring to\the riots in Adana
and elsewhere except 45 “fanatical Moslem
attacks upon the Christian population.*
Fortunately the resolution was arrested
in the House and so ite phraseology can be
altered #0 as to fit the facts.

Only a few daya ago a formal statemen:
by the Rev. James L. Barton, executive
secretary of the Board of Foreign Missions,
declared that the deplorable demonstrations
in Asiatio Turkey now horrifying the world
by their savage violence are not Turkish
attacks upon Christians as such but re
prisals by loyal if mistaken Mohammedans
against the Armenians, who call them-
selves Christians, to be sure, but whose
offence consists in their sleepless and ob-
durate sedition and their constant scheming
against the Turkish Government, Dr,
Barton was at pains to say that the Arme-
niane richly deserve the treatment they have
received, from which [ conclude that the
Turkish outburste, abominable and bar-
barous as they are, bave been no more so
than the Armepian outrages which pro-
voked them. No doubt in the course of
these frightful atrocities and as a conse-

 

quence of the anarchy which attended them °

a few of our missionaries have lost their
Hves and many others have been subjected
to great suffering and peril, but it will
serve no righteous purpose to build up false

unusually abundant crop of pine nute in the | impressions as to the character and in-

spiration of the riote. It must be remem-
bered besides that Asiatic Turkey is a
wild country inhabited by a turbulent peo-
ple and that we cannot reasonably expect
of it a situation such as we have in some
peaceful countryside where a homdgencous
and educated population observes Jaw and
order by instinct and preference.

Millions of non-Mohammedans dwell
under the rule of Islam, but [ have not
heard of cruelty or injustice at the expense
of any of them except the Armenians,
The Catholics, the Greeks, the Protestants,
a dozen other sects, dweil there in security
and so far as I know have always done «o,
Americans need not be insensible to the
horrors of which the Armenians have been
the victims, but at the same time they need
not concern themselves with other non-
Mohammedans in Turkey, for cvidently
these have nothing to complain of.

Wanger will be wise to accommodate
the phraseology of his resolution to tha
facts of the case as indicated by the delib-
erate utterances of Dr. Barton and the
strong probabilities disclosed by history,
Put in that shape Americans can invest
it with their sincere approval. There are
many things in Asia Minor that ought to be
ameliorated, but has the United States any
right to approach them with a remedy?

TRAVELLER.

Wasuinaton, D.C., May 7.

SALOON REVENUES.

With an Odd Phrase From the Laws ef
‘Almost Every Stato."*

To THRED1roR or THE SuN—Sir:
has made some remarks in THe Sun on

“H.D."

The warm period, through which Europe | the “Finances of Prohibition.” All pereons
is now passing, occasions a great increase | familiar with the modern method of temper-

ance reform are likewise familiar with all
the arguments gdvanced in support of the
liquor traffic and the liquor tax. The con-
tention is always raised that ours is an ine-
briated form of prosperity and that Ameri-
can citizens will not support their en-
lightened Government unless they can pay
their tribute indirectly and receive a recom-
pense of reward ip the form of all the evils
thet directly follow from tbe continued
trafic in intoxicating liquors.

The sophistry that lies at the basis of the
contention that if people remain sober they

in the seeming belies that all these revenues
that come from the liquor traffic are as in-
dependent of the people as the ancient
manna was independent of the wandering
lsraelites, Should we stop long enough to
ask the question who furnishes this reve-
nue the argument is more than answered.
Here is an iiustration that is apropos as
well as historic. When the Spanish-Ameri-
can war began the Brewers Association
met in Indianapolis. On that occasion they
expressed their patriotic virtues by declar-
ing tnat they were tue true and unalloyed
band of patriots in this country, for tney
alone supported the Government in its hour
of dire necessity by subinitting to an addi-
tional tax of $1 a rel of beer brewed,
After this testimonial to themselves and
before adjournment it was unanimousiy
agreed that the selling price of beer should
be increased $1 abarrei. Nextin line comes
the Hetail Liquor Dealers Association, wo
raised themselves to a higher pinnacie of
virtue than that occupied by the brewers,
‘Lhey deciared tnat tney were tne true and
genuine patriots vecause they were con-
y $1 more for each barre! of beer
pure and were in that way both sup-
porting the Government and paying tue
tax im upon the brewers, before
this convention adjourned it was unani-
mously decided that the size of the glass
of beer should be diminished as long as
he Governinent imposed tne $1 a harrel
edditional tax. Now comes the question,
Who paid the beer tax to support the Govern-
ment in the Spanish-Amorican war?
The history of the localities in the States
that have excluded the saloon does not
justify the contention that saloon revenues
are the main support of the Government.
Five years ago, when Uhio increased tho

tax on each saloon from $350 to $1,000 with-
out y diminishing the number of
saloons; all the unenlightened anticipated

that property taxes would decrease. | he
opposite result was everywhere attained,
because a saloon that pays $1,000 tax is
worse than a saloon that pays but 8350.
It will be compelled to break more jaws, sell
more to minors and to habitual drunkards
to 6 up the added tax imposed.
If this Government, State or national,
ia net worthy of support in some form of
r and decent people,
ner it passes from the catalogue
the better. The Supreme Court
Jnited States said many years ago,
a never retracted the utterance,
that “if a logs of revenue should accrue
to the United States from a diminished
consumption of ardent spirits she will be
the gainer a thousandfold in the health,
woalth and happiness of the people.
Were we to stop long enough in the con-
eration of this question of taxation to
ourselves why any tax is im upon
cee serace. the answer Me our aneesce
to ny process of reasoning
might be used in the defence of saloon
revenue. The laws of almost every Staie
say that the saloons are taxed “to provide
poqient the evils resulting from the traffic
mtaxicating liquors.” Saloon revenues
are notlar than an attempt upon
Bite tums 14 recornponse Tor ihe fais
m or
evils inflicted on homan society by the
ravages of strong drink.
is contending that the ideal con-
attained in any prohibition
lognee community, but the
ch States and communities
pie have the
e@ liquor ques-
off than in come

ed that nkenness leads to crime.

the next breath he was inveighing against
the failure of hibition in Maine, The
ter answer him by admitting that
yunteansss ead to crime, and said
t the Btate of Maine Surnished the pili-

ly number of three homicides dur-

t ast whereas in the whole

i e ear,
Unit States there were 9,850 murders.
PATTERSON,

JAMES an T
Buperintendent New Fork Anti-Saloon
2.
New Yor, May 8.

Meoreceans Bed Tape.

From @ London De@y Graphis,
Official correspondence in Moroceo is couched
io a very Gowery and fiamborant style. It '*
(nterspereod with a variety of meaningiess adv -
jatory phreses that tend to confound the rea!
meaning of the epistic. For example, an order
to the Minister of Finance to contract s loss
begins thus:

“Im our present letter (God Increase His power
eed make the glorious sun and His moon glitter

suffer a decrease in revenues is found

Cnn en et ee