of
1
eh
7
Sa
1
cy
if
z

ee

awh aaed

e

 

¥
‘
*

th
>

a

=

eS are o

ee oe hc

 
  
   
  
   
   
  

 

FINDS GENEVIEYE INA TOWER|

‘CONEY’S DRUNA PARKLAND
ASTIR OVER THE NEWS.

 

 

Filipinos Whirl to Chief Chomingeo’s Gong,
Princess Logmay’s Daughter Dances
at the Gate, Then Comes Jack Binns's
Discovery ef Lost Hoop Snake.

Just why Genevieve, the lady hoop
gnake, Who rolled away from Col. Bill
Holl one day in Dreamland two years
ago, should have selected yesterday to
mske another play for publicity will
never be known. It was rotten ingrati-
tude on Genevieve's part to let herself
te found in Luna Park on the very day
that Mr. Walla Hawka, the man who made
the Friars, got on the job at Dreamland
for the first time. It is probable that
Mr, Stuffy Davis of Tama Park was at
the bottom of a low and underhanded | ac
conspiracy to crab Mr. Hawks's first | red
efforts to booat Luna's chief competitor.

Late in the afternoon when a thick,
damp fog rolled off the Atlantio and lay
ever all Coney like a blanket of fluffy
wool, and the hopeful visitors in Surt | the

high calls of the barkers sounded curiously
far away, there came from somewhere
the steady pounding of a gong, a full,
deep resonance that attracted the ear.
You heard the onnhnng-onnnng-onnnng
above all the otber queer noises of the
city of odds and ends and you wondered

{it was.
ras along Surf avenue through the

ahooting galleries might have been 7,000
les away. All around the inside of a
stockade were tiny stone and
wood huts with little brown men and
little brown women smoking at the doors.
Ib the vary conse Ot Ud Cheeni ihe
palm tree stood old CREED, the
sett the Fil ino village, bes Oona ona
a slow,
t b ay ioe t ar the ia oe ‘booming.
was emo

at i, Hawks was or wifeot of Fs con a
war chief, who referred a pipe. The
Princess was tall for a Filipino woman,
and slender as a young tree. Despite

arms were bare and her legs below the
knee were uncovered. She wore a high
colored blanket of white striped with red
tightly wrap around her shoulders.
It was the daughter of the Princess

Leguay, who danced before
the gate.

Capt. J. R. McRae, who used to be in the
Filipino constabulary, and who has
¢harge of the village which is to be pe ee
big feature of Dreamland this
shot out a few words in the tribal ‘antec
at a word from Mr. Hawks.

. ’ in,
saiapeeaice tes te tn

{o cane f

Sen. Bo) * gaid old Chomingo, silencing
the fon or a minute.

him to mhke a dance,” ssid Capt.
McRae, “and he said: ‘Yes, my master,’
ue watoh the pene: bewee beeaere

omingo took gong: again

changed his stroke a slow, rubdbi:
beat to a short, nervous tap. From
of the little dog kennel houses around the

bamboo stookade the Filipinos poured
out, forty of them alto er, and pinged
about old Chomingo. To the beati.

he they began a queer shu
j dane, be heard end forward, first alow

theo faster ans rie until’ even the
“the babies, were leaping high in

he rand shouti: in en ond ©

“Pretty good, * said Mr. Hawks,
rubbing his hands "proudly and pausing
for a reply. But that NM eottine an
while the ‘ilipinos were still bing up
and down

the cap pried dea age om | Pe
all about the dance, there was a
to do out in Surf avenue, voices ing,
whistles blowing and a _mafi whooping
through a megaphone. There was noth-
ing to do but to beat it out to the main
street and see what all the fuss was about.
Out of the fog popped Mr. Stuffy Davis,
surrounded by the entire press staff of
una Park.

*Thi ted Mr. Davis, start- land: fective Feature of
ing ona TOA (oF Laine. “BOmeCRI Og ery ee dn ee eee ee, ee ee eee so be loca and that the edvertigements would not |) AF€ & oe! aa ge on any of the three fast daily
sear averin Luna thes got any Fitiping | Mayor, Warren, Charlee, P. MoCielign | wonder what had happened to im. But | Promupe neeriy 8 Reraerenslly Wanowt pos tone between C icago and the Pacific Coast via the
village yarn beaten as far as from yi . oiee par od t of a7 ing to his boas he the commis.
to the eee Genevieve has the "Now York Conforguos, The on call dion. The cab covered baishargh about { TO AID MISS NESBITT. Chicago, Unio n Pacific ee North Western Line. Re
nee that's toy snek e,.” cried Mr. Ht Teplor, the pastor” a aan edad wan Ww, theses 5 boat to Londonderry, | Secttal fer Fund tn Memery of Preacher This service ices the electric lighted Overland Limited,
awks .angrily. t snake belong <. by the Hearn of rough Ireland and finally back to Lon- Killed tp Sabway. the electric i Angeles Limited and the China and
ie Rives ene: Tt wee boven: oh First Methodist Church. don. "The bill for taxicab hire was $325,; ‘The announcement of the organizati J Fast Mail, “The |
Etictan'ta tieal ney sta’. | At ine eparcanet to the old ebarsh sine | value ae rn tat nat Re | ot @ committee to assiat Mian Rocalle i leaving Chicago daily over Only Double
gaid Mr. Davis | morning Bishop eee oesne Nesbitt, whose father, the Rev. 8. W. Track Railway between Chicago and the Missouri River.

“I'll have you know,”
coldly ‘that Luna Park opens for busi -
ness next Saturday as well as this Dream-
land joint of yours. Go on back to your
Filipinos.”

But Mr. Hawks, muttering as he ran,
followed the crowd and Mr. Davis and
went into Luna Park. Carefully avoid-
ing piles of planking and serape of tin
Yoofing that were being made into per-
fectly T. food Alps and Rockies Mr. Davis
burried to the Luna Park press office,
threw open the door and spread out his
hands with a prideful air.

“There,” said he, “is the missing Gene-
vieve, That snake has been missing for
More than two years. This afternoon
while Jack Binns was fixing up the tower
top for wireless, he heard a faint, thin,
little cry which seemed to come from a
dark crevice in the very top of the tower.
eerie et reaching his hand in the
Grevice, Mr {Binns touched something soft,
though a igi oold, and he felt his and
myer gently as if in gratitude.”

Hawks snorted viggieks A but oe
ae Park press squad crowded round
him staring inenacingly, and Mr. Hawks

shut up hastily, though once in a while
let out a low owl.
“Stroked gently, as if in gratitude,”
Mr. Davis continued, “and then Gene-

‘ieve appeared, thin and wan. There

is every reason to believe,” Mr. Davis
concluded impressively, “that she has

“er on the top of the Luna Park tower
go {wo vears, afraid to venture forth.

ow, how do you suppose she got there?”
Ma ie herself into a hoop and rolled
np of course,” said Mr. Hawks, sneering

said Mr. Davis easily.
known only to Frederic
myself, that when the

all,”
18 a fact,
Thompson and

"Ir

way Was constructed a secret stair-
1}

was built. The stairway can. be
Froached only by a tunnel which leads
eee Mr. Thonipson's apartments, Now
: Hy G snevieve fied from Dreamland—
1 ) §0-C reason, IL have heard,” Mr.
avis ad ded, glancing at Mr. Hawks,
ie 6 carried away with her a red silk
andkerchief which Bill Hull had tied
fround her neck. I examined the stair-
Way this afternoon and here and there
N the flih! of steps are threads of silk,

 

Seught by by “splinters, no doubt as Gene-
leve ol mbed up slowly and painfully.

h var id she five d on what was left of the
indkerclief for two years, I suppose,

Putin Mr
Irony
“That and white lead,” Mr. Davie
gued “All of the white paint w ich
ee ed the interior of the tower top
pas been scraped off. I have examined
enevieve's upper teeth and I find that
they are much worn,”

‘It is difficult to say what might have
M3 the outcome of the con or
d . Hewks having been aroused to
State of excitement by that time, ut? not

® peace .copmisgion. carried both . Mr.

’

Hawks with poorly concealed

 

  
 
  
   
   
 
    
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
  
 

avenue passed as dim as ghosts, and the an

open gate of

   
   
   
   
   
    
    
  
    
  
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
 
 
  

of payments authorized to be made to them

You will find it a pleasure to have a
title examined by us. The rapidity
thet comes from perfect equipment—
the smoothness that results from years
ef practice —the accuracy sand cer-
tainty that go with the best skill} that
money can provide—ell these consti-

thie. a town,” eaid the
THE ACTRESS PRESS AGENTED
INTO THE SIOUX TRIBE.

—
Ceremony at the Buffalo Bill Show te
Witle Away an Gtherwise Dall Sun-
day—Only Hitch Was Whether She or

] LIVE “TOPiGh Ave ABOUT TOWN. |f

EMMA CARUS AN AN INDIA WOW iii sna
gity salesman.

“Yesterday I picked up this item. I

  
  

aS sta

  

   
  

 

tute the “ Charm of perfect service,” aChlef Should Remev «>ler Stockings, |PUt he insisted upon that particular ree-
guaranty also is the best 4 ; taurant, 60 we went there. It was a nice . 5
pee ard. ? Of the making of Indians the end is! place, very. clean and the cooking good. By CLEVELAND MOFFETT
not yet, even here in Manhattan. Two,The only peculiarity I noticed was a
more were.made to order yesterday after- | bunch of clerical looking men in the rear \
H noon in Madison Square Garden, and as | of the room.

they were made by red men and women
there can be no dispute that they are now
and henceforth real Indians. Right thers
on the tanbark they were caught napping,

TRUST Coe

Capital and Surplus, - $12,000,000

 

176 Bway, XK. Y. 175 Remsen &t., Batya, ame end = women tbsit thetr sste out asa S sss Sy
500 Tuien &., aperien. seemed a troubled one. Every once in a Werauss thle rests
while Emma Carus sat up and looked as- where @ man oan

Davis and Mr, Hawks to neutral ground kanoe at kbaki clad Harry Perry Disbaoker

the approach of the moment that was to

It
Servte 22 Breet Genevieve sod bigs out of @ake them real Indians.

the disoumion and to let the debate run

water Me. De X hg erpte nes.

ned eae @ speech to
Park would be greater
oes Pee ever this yoer, rep

rath of ” the big show which
mare. the ot wiping out of £ entire
ibe bursting of a dam in the tin
Hawks arose and de-
clared that Dreamland the coming season
would be to Luna Park what Broadway
and Forty-second street is to the old
woods back home on a Satan Sun-
day rnoon. For, said Mr. Benes
there te 40 be & arand ed educational exh
tion for men, oe and the little wonneos,
re maeeeer oe adventures of Ted
when people a got tired of

  
  
  
    
 
 

Emma, and as for Harry Perry, he was
once in Uncle Sam's District Attorney’s
office—voluntarily and by “appointment.
It was these two persons who had invaded
the Sunday quiet of Buffalo Bill's Wild
West and Pawnee Bill's Far East to cajole
the Brdlé Sioux into admitting them into
membership in the Bralé tribe, while a
trio of press agents squatting on the tan-
bark crooned the well known song:
Down from the mountains trailed the Brulé
™ Sioux

And found Emma Carus with nothing to do

(and ahoen unhbuttoned)

New York man.

   
  
 
   
  

finished apartment house.
par ‘Da

 
 

As to the unbuttoning it will be seen |a big plex Apartments.’
pole presently that there was a reason for it. | The old lady it aloud, repeated if,
where v John L. Sullivan used to sit at tea} The Sioux came down from the moun- | & en around one ere ss
tains at the Fourth avenue end if the 1.

   

And when darkness had come
Garden, men, women and papooses.

ahhh SW, sess eer bt 5 coming hoa 5 and H. }

wool whiteness Mr. Hawks and} marvelled until the coy pair confessed | When old
standing arm in and heard| their desire to be admitted to the ranks | #0 she could
them repeating over and over: of real Americans :

“The one big show on the Island—Druna When the red 4 the idea

next Saturday for the a men grasped

ttle “come Chief Iron Shell set his braves to dancing
and the squaws to chanting a song much
more musical than the chorus of the press
agents, and presently Yellow Thunder—
@ man who knows his business, be it aaid
out loud—set to work on Emma Carus in

build such @ monstrous

 
  

 

big “s “Duplex,”

 

But fhe roaring of the, trains at th big
of a 1e
tion drowned the

B. RB. T. sta! pown in the United States,”

 

Griffis will sail for Holland the end of et while Yellow Thunder enclosed

@ tanner to make an, manioure,
FIVE MEMORIAL TABLETS Grif rarene, Tel fat Ais ook bo « perticlary hard hearted lot, but comes
Cemmem Landing own CO’ re they stand hair raising stun
attuee ak temend be Téany-Ade looks flat and den Puntit ke logked in a show than the citizens of most other With one accord readers have granted to
like Gretel waiting for Hansel. Then| cities. There are many towns where the “The Inner Shrine” those qualities which
Irnaca, May 9.—Funds for the erection| he thumhed chubby cheeks with moat dangerous feats of a circus troupe q
of five memorial tablets}to commemorate oot or something ¢e di her Sor, won't go eran the audience. They hav men have agreed to call great. Here, they
the 800th anniversary of the landing of | Pletion wae that of the eun-kis various ways of ex ¢ disapproval} say, is djstinction, strength, and vigor,
the Puritans in Holland in 1009 have been ers of the Plt est, business hers dom wa all of which are morp or lees dienonoert- here is tenderness, sweetness, crystal clear-
shy | CRUE SS IL, DE. TYTN pore Csi of | took off Emma's unbuttoned shoes. ‘Rven oe toes Sensibilities are all down on ness, and that certainty of touch which
@| this city, the well known author and/then he didn’t pause, but Emma hastily } and our orme-
the showman's obart marks the master. Whether the writer is
historian. Dr. Griffis has been conduct- | proffered he her help in the further per~ | .nog is toned down to suit local taste. F, ha
ing a canvess in England and the United | formance of hie task and she pulled and | Bu¢ all the ginger we leave out of » show already Famous or not, this is what they
States and announced to-day that suff iled and pulled some more on the filmy | BUt Sli the Safer re eed se much more say of this great work:
clent money to pay forkehdftablets n enoasementa of—but why Freep the reader | as we can ac up is needed when we
raised. e lar; part the fund, how- | Waiting? nol ak ae poles 086 stock come to New York. The nearer a man
Gver was collected. in America, ‘Dr, | of she rolled them up ato a neat It can come to breaking his neok without

 

  

ain” those fellows all ministers?’ I

pee veces fing asin water by her side, who couldn't seem to lie any ton, he used ‘=
ves each sensed
red fyoed persons more easily than she could as arong preaching

course Many le eat
But fo many of
Some few theatregoers have heard of a fe tiae the place bas

“There was a rather surprising inter-
pretation put upon the expression ‘du-
plex apartments’ the other day,” said a
“My wife was showing
an old lady from the country the sights
of our city, and among other things
pointed out # very large and recently

tha’ ew ‘yochons
aware ives, but T didn't suppose they'd

or or i iy’

“From the vircué performer's _ view-
point New York is the most bloodthirsty

circus man.‘ “The people here may not

actually achieving that disaster the more

of the Same Name

service of humanity. ;

 

  

G. W. Dillingham Co., Publishers,

  

        
  
 

On it was

said an old

   
   
  
 
  
  

mrponnrn ener tenance statement te

Published To-day! At All Bookstores!

THE BATTLE

Mr. Moffett’ s Novellzation of His Own Play

The material of this story is most certainly the material
of the great American novel, for it is the material of the great
American conflict; based upon the great play, it is first of all
a capital dramatic story, swift in action, with sharply con-
trasted characters, moved by the strongest human emotions
and impulses—love, hatred, the service of Mammon and the

i2mo. Cloth Bound. With Six Illustrations. $1.50

New York

  
 
             
   

  
  
 
 
  
 

gan |
eth, Ave.
g.
in
DA | Bat ler 8 irs
lo ALL NEW CIRCUS ACG 1
Benefit N. Y. Ass'n for the BLIND, Pa morrow
248P.M. BLIND ot
tank, SOCIETY  cincus and AMA
BUTTERFLY N with best. features.
ula Winpode Li, Seats: Mat., $1 to
h st., Tyson & McBride's.

LYRIC a4, St. we ‘of | Wad ok - Byes, case

GEORGE FAWCETT on SN

DALY'S Pu, tee Re Laas
By Edw.

THE. CLIMAX Lacke.

LEW. Herald Samara Eves Sob. Mate
feosrom THE BEAUTY SPOT

De Angelis In
Tel. 3846--
Maines’ Wed. @ Bab, 218;

CASINO
one “POWERS * HAVANA
Maxine Elitott’s Tes: 97h, bet, By ae

vs. 8:15
Mats. Wed.

a Sat, 28. ae bile wous

HiPPODROME §

Mat. Dally at 2. seats $1. ‘Ev.
PORTING ump?

     
 
 
  

  

 
  
 

    

Joe Weber
Presents

 
        

 

    
     
   
     
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
  
  

 
  
   
  
   
   
  
      
 

   

 

 

     
    
   
     
   

  
  
  

   
   

  
  

SOTHERN Taig oe

wus WER

BROADWAY "<: A i

a RAIN NENG: MONDAY, MAY
Fields’ Summer

THE MIDRIGHT SONS RE

AJESTI Hiway & Sith St yas. Bis, te See nie
in TH

COLE and JONNSON RED MOON,

EMPIRE Tite ee 40th ae Ev, 6:16.

MAUDE ADAM in WHAT : vane

WOMAN KNOWS.
Seats now f how for the balance of engagement. <

5th St, 2 ‘e Biway, Eves’
GARRICK rea ns

TO-NIG ‘ar A

WM. COLLIER R rom MEXICO.
KYICKERHOG KER, Te wa way. past, Mat. Sat.

THE GANDY SHOP Musi Sun'a cin
CRITERION © yar: 4:5; esi ga
ELSIE JANIS riin'co-zn.

SAVOY Stan, Sas

Professional M eran 13
OLGA wetwenSoLe ee wee:
LYCEUM {ii3,5'."5, rosary.

THE. DAWN

ELEANOR ROBSON **To"Norno

eee gat a ane nee eee
HUDSON Wish Bt. Fe F. of way. By. 8:

THE THIRD “ee

HACKETT Thea..42d,W, of Bway. Tey.
Ear

Evs, 8:20. ‘ORGE

 

      
 
   
   
   

   
    

      
  
   

  
 

 

     
    

  

 

r

     
     
   
 
    
    
  
  
 
  

 

 
    

 

     
      
       
    

. Eves. 8:20.
2°20.
a

      
       
    
 

 
  
   
   
             
          

BIJOU Petey etek Nigeiggie =
A GENTLEMAN FROM WM wistissieri

      
        

WALLAGK'S Bway, 20h We

      
     
   
        

    
   

   
       
   

June and will unrall the sablote in July. | Aorta accomplished shoe salesman to | Populse he Uropaee with «Now York ~ || mexiemerr< CROSMAN TH
Holland with other maeabers of coe pea: Fy 0 pees rocere freee the whole | Wouldn't ‘shy very long ata 9 stunt that re- ACADEMY A NT SIC, 14th St. & Irving PL ;
a tenes the Archbishop of York to | Show toherself anyway. Chief Noisy Owl, oleae 1 CoReHE one as no work of has for. unre-~ eo be Laay hese ‘s :

answer for his religious beli The firet | & fine looking#ellow, got tired of w They were two charming girls and ” HARPER & a
tablet will be unveiled in Amsterdam and } Yellow Thunder under the circumstances fine time telling each years. ‘ Mon. a A = TE Eve. aan L
n,|the others will be placed in Neuwarden Sad, ADE Oe aroun Be Bescon Mn coe they were having & BROTHERS Prices Ma
Nykerk, Utrecht and Leyden *|raw of press 2 oS blond | other things in one of Fifth avenue's Neat Weekly, Mantel! In the

7; ° Juno whose | ey ‘iked . Walk-j auto buses. And there was one thing omar CARDEN

 

unt over to her with the ssaien y of the
fret cite ivan oe
-'8 e er e oO
et and invited her No join the|ing with
tribe in like manner with Miss Carus, | resolved never to P
But Miss Irene Carmer said that the com-
pany to anne iF cherie she ene form and
re an e bare
footed int in thet ve and declined to join
men. Tn —

mean oe haere

Perry s face had been smeared with paint
e and Miss Carus had been fitted out

with feather headdresses until they looked

like provi, fair Indians on the

and after ma had freee @ papoose

led an ags around the ri ne the & Sioux

chiefs shook hands with both hot them and

they were admitted to the tribe.

2,176 PENSIONERS

Drew Allowances From the Pennsyivania
Rallread in 1908.

Two thousand, one hundred and seven-
nty-six employees of the Pennsylvania
Railroad were receiving pensions from
the company on January 1, 1909, and the | the

   
  

lesa,”

echoed thé

terribly close to on ine tind

in 1908 amounted to $544,245.08. Since
the pension department was established
in 1900 the sum of $3,445,783.77 has been
{| paid to retired employees. For every
year of service rendered the company
a retired employee is paid 1 per cent. of
his average sa for the ten years im-
mediatel ing his retirement. Thus
@ man ste has worked for the company
fifty years and who had received an aver-
age annual salary of $1,000 the last ten

oe ae active service gets a pension of

the stairs to the roof.

$323 TAXICAB RIDE. must require real talent to

Piaywright Kietn Astonished a Londen
Cabby With “To Glasgow, Piease.’’
Charles Klein, the playwright, arrived

 

tain sections of the East Side,
of jewelry
all the

A ‘otal fal ot 367 employees were retired eid
nsions in 1908 and 211 pensioners | yesterday by§the White Star liner Cedric, | xtrao; ae at aes:
died. from Liverpool, with a new experience | times a sin i Sager ig laden with iG several
SORT ET MATT which may be incorporated in his next | rings set diamonds, emeralds and oe
Methedist Church Cernerstone Laid at drama. Feeling a bit blasé im London manner of ‘ous eo The ra

Yonkers. of light emitted by thoes
Yorxers, May 9.—The cornerstone all over the a
of the Central Methodist Church, at the

corner of Morris street and Elliott ave-

several weeks ago, he startled a taxicab
chauffeur by getting aboard and agking
him to please drive to Edinburgh. The

of this Pry,
chauffeur eaid he never drove beyond the

parte of

 

had been called back in a hurry by Augus-

“ 8 th
text “Christ the Chief tone of © Corner.” tus Thomas to be ready to rehearse in the

About $18,000 was received in the col-

an, Lambs' Gambol. subway station, has met with immediate
Reiner ao response. The committee hopes to raise
Italian Actress Here to Lecture. The Seagoers, $5,000 for the family and for thé building

Wanda Vera Heimann, a young Italian
actress who has been a pupil of D'An-
nunzio, was a passenger by the Italian
steamship Duca degli Abruzzi, in yes-
terday from Genoa. Signora Heimann

Arrivals by the American liner St.
Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg:

Marquis de Wentworth, Vreeland Tomp-
kins and T. M. Stevenson.

Passengers by the White Star liner

Among the passengers w
Mauretania wi ‘thet

 

  

   
 

  
    
   
  
   
    

said her German name was inherited | Cedric, from Liverpvol and Queenstown: d Dux M. JOHNSON.
from remote German ancestors; also pure: J, A. Bailey, Judge D. A. Holmes, obeed Lis corti’ te Wl of the Nesbitt General eek Dewey. he W. Ry. ASTOR Bro, Sih St; Ev. st 835. Mate. ¥
that she was not, strictly speaking, a G. Adam Smith, Henry M. Yeates, | tund:and a recital will be given on Thure- OL % IOTH MONTE. WM HOt co ae
native Italian, having been rnin Egypt. Major J. O, Hutchinson and Charles Klein. day evening, May 18, in the Madison Ave- : gore MON i. Hoes : i d
She is here to on the modern Re. Gabriel Duden editor of the Panama nue Methodist Episcopal Church, Sixtieth ofthe century. THE Bt iv M Some. Ae
artists of Italy, chiefly those of the dra-| Siar and Herald, was a paveaaget by | street and Madison avenue. An offering " = aa oy ad ae
matic prof on. the pteninahip Advance, from bal.” | will be taken for Miss Nesbitt. JOE WEBER'S £2", 2° 5. a
4
PAWNBROKERS SALRS. HELP WANTED—MALE. THE GIRL FROM REC Or's ‘y
wand ones Ea ated” tof ANCY FEATHERS —Wauted first class dyer GREAT BR ae
; Macy Hamers ore ony Steady and good wa
iba a Shier na |B ies et Smee at REAMLAN 4
all ; :
T Writes and Adds ayaa, | eb, ‘Bra | ee near 4
Sdav., all pledges * ae HAND IRO ey) ce shirts; steady 0 S t d Ma 15 NY
at — re te york. PAGE acct Jacob Miller, pens saturday, may
One Opersti ere T1008, teNo Bon ieee Weih and feed wt, Patiadcipbia, Ye: | even yTHING NEW BUT THE OCEAN. a
7 cy
ne on shi erat eles Pathe ae Ms: | aAINTUAN meme eae at, |” ea ooeraac nn oeemenmene <a
Mayer, Hoboken; M. Speler & Co., Address "0, Sox 10 Sun, ° be a eae pene: sa
Le? av.i raha pe ae i Moos’ - i,
T Writes or Adds Sheebas.Auc-| Ap TEA # OOPFRE SALESMAN. | cones bas re
as the wear ees bau eg age mig. prone ecquntitanoe epecaced secanta |BLANEY’S, LINCOLN $0. Si°% a
ween es. from New York to Al- ee 2 ie $
all old over from PO. Nicer i
Operator Wills , 2a cu eileen | bar teedee Clerc a it ay | ANS “FOLLI FOLLIES ii DAY 9
7 ae i, improve bis present condition can make o de- ) PLAZA *US108 amt i
ie Ai mipons., 371 “ee kirable solldas greniiting. tavoceniy. fee's Phone 6182 Plaza. Daily Be. .
1 5 |] Emma Carus, Willa Holt Wake Geld, ete. i
The New Model 1 term of y oe naadress statag age ex $

: of the

   

With Wahl Adding and Subtracting Attachment
presents a new and matchless combination—the latest model of the greatest writing
machine with the only adding and subtracting attachmentever placed on a typewriter.
This combination means the doubling of the field both of the writing machine

and the adding machine. It opens new opportunities for time and labor saving
in every kind of billing and general accounting work.

Remington Typewriter Company,
/ (Incorporated)
New York and Everywhere

at least upon which they were agreed,
gat ‘us One they Cis ey re 0 a

eur oiite wn with Frank Frank
a3 isn’t safe, he’s so thoroughly reck-
“bs nothi sand then but

The lone man in the bus halttily climbed

“One phase of municipal art that has
lately caught my attention,”
gray headed man, “is the rings on the
index fingers of signboard hands. It

magnificent rings. Up on the West Side
you don’t see many of them,

ding Rogers display ‘ings 0

gems travel
building. A bill-
board artist who is responsible for much
that in some
are the most

 

Nesbitt, was killed at the 157th street

project in whose interests i Nesbitt
and his daughter came to Aine

ho oroeeed on
the Rev.
Nesbitt was Prof. John Tdeours ae e Eng-
land, who came to give recitals in Bos-

 
    
     
   
    
    

    

reckless,”
he eails so —————
said the
paint those

but in cer-
where love

Special Excursion Rates
North Westem Line throughout the

and M
_ and maps, itineraries, all

 

  

   

   

APHER BEGINNE
ten. ini ent, active work

i one 2003

n’s
‘487 8th ev D WHITE MA

ri sae oe
to May 1, 1008; HS. Tpanos, 698 6th ay,

ELI BOREL. Avot. 00 Bowery, e0lls 10A.Mi
Aa SW scot,

 
 

BY
| PERI
AND

  
     
  
 

fine RA 1a ON Abou ANG
= ieee Is

  

    
 
   
   
 

 
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  

Li Shon

indi rae SYLVIA, auction
cnlogs, 278 wens fhe,

 

Round trip tickets at these low rates’

to Pacific Const pomts via the Chicago, Union Pacific &
summer months. The
train service is without a peer. The attractions are many.

se ak oles poms Sie trp weithes: Sending (Ne boone

 

 

 

 

 

 

SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE,

desires
0 can advance. MISS HAYS, 605

Fel
we

.
Bi ee :

 

GITUATIONS WANTED—MALE,

 

MAR AGE 38. EX
SED TN yA SGENE MEROTANDISING

RAL KNO DGE
OULD soreness bay

RExPERT A Ait HO-
REFERENCE,

= ene POT FROM
ER. ADDRESS
Ga. 110 SU OEFIOR,
Gu DES 10 GUN OF PTOB gs
YOUNG wishes position where ambition,
SESS eee Birra:
. Gt. olty,
we GALES BY AUCTION.

r, sells ofl t-
rookiyn, N.

 

 

 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
 
  

THE | LAST EEK ri

BUFFALO PAWN 7

Mien PRG

PAST

hs

LED IN PERSON BY THE ORIGINAL

BUFFALO BILL

POSITIVELY APPEARS EVERY SHOW, *
EE t The Musical Elephants | Bee The ie ote tmee

The Bucking Bronchos
The Wild West Girts
Admission 25e. enh ee. Resseved. Tho., see
Box seats $2, $2.50, all according to

 
     
   
   
   
     
       
      
  

 
 

         
    

THOMPSON & DUNDY’S GREATER

LUNA
PARK

OPEN FOR SEASON

SA URDAY

MAY I”

LIBERTY ¢ T BRAT be St., near Bway.
VREDERIC TH PuON's snoue snnoubens”

ROBERT HILLIARD

in Porter Emerson Browne's Play,

“A Fool There Was”

A Startling Drama of Things as as They Are. _ inl

GAIETY THPATRE, 6m St 6 Bryay. Bren Fic.
J. E. DODSON tt

A Sparkling Comedy by J, Harti ey Henne:

    
   
       
     
     
   
  
  

  
  
 

  
   
     
     
   

  
  
   
   
 
  

 
  
   
  
    

       
     
     
         

“HS. nr. B'way. By. 8:10.

\ soot Thurs, &
DAV at DARL AgOO . ie ine

FRANCES STARR gst AY.

BELASCO 22" a THEATRE. woes sed gee at. F Eve. 6:20.

ape Messrs. &6 9
a“ GOING SOME

Footrace comedy by PaulArmstrong@RexBeack

gS TL Pr

      
     
 
    
   
  
 
 
  
 

  
   

      
   
  
  

      
   
 
   
   
  
 
  
  

 
  
   
 
  
  

   

 

 
 
    

     
          
    

 

      
     
    
  

  

 

   
          
    
   
   
    
 
   

    
      
    
      

esiehs oer — tet? & 12 a

te a «| ated tar

PTH AVE, 23. & Lg St.
ea

AMERICAN US = X

   

i kee halle
sete

     
 
    

as

   

sition
adison

 

fo tts

        
      
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 

   
      

Mat. U Mat. Dally 25 & Wo.
I Fields Dave

COLONIAL
Mat Daily 26c¢
ALHAMBRA\{E°58, ciuuS* yae.teue

. | Mat.Datly 25c| Co., Hyman Meyer, El

Hy irece Frentin. Gla} .o0, alah aaa

Howard & North, Welch, others.

ENE: WORLD IN Ay Ere weer

 

 

 

PID
EDEN CINEMATOGRA wn

 

       
     
 

 

a mene Tat am ee
Sel iat .

B, MUSEE | Fotofone,'Lucia,’ ~
BUSI- | ——
MURRAY "Dew ewowene,

 

z
:
2
z
F

a "

5 -—