4
i
‘

<]
hd

re

“COPPER OUTLOOK AT BUTTE!

» from

"ous substances.

    

and ailver; silver pred More
ys n 50 feet has been aren th in “iri
the ase le, ati n high ‘grade mineral
ore, a vein Is bout 334 wide.
oston Corbi p is now foatalling’ how
pola ins machinery on ite property near

WASHINGTON.
SEATTLE, May 1.~A_rich pay shoot has
been found in the Said, Dust mine on Kruger

North Butte Development Is Satisfactory pountals, near Oroville, it shows coarse
‘ free and seems to be unusually strong.

—East Butte Consolidation—Stzing ed
ge in which the shoot was sir

tp Soath Dakota Tin—Tho S Pas Sine wide, nat southern Repu Ho
' _ in © lelds. nlug Company has organize
; Lode Again—Doings in Mine Fields | develop property Joining the New Kepublic
on e sout

Brive, May 5, The recent heavy selling |” Heyelopment of the Surprise mine in
of North Butte doesn't seem to have been! Republic camp has widened the main
justified by any change of conditions in tho | ledge from ive to tight feet and values

property. Officers of the company insist are stil

Some 1 4 ‘grade galena ore was ou
that the developments of the 2,000 and this week fi the joint lowa-Edison foe)
‘> 200 lovels are entirely satisfactory. A

at Index ata depth of 1,100 feet. ‘he amelter
jot of good ore is being mined from both

returns from five carloads of ore from
levels, and while the vein has been found the Republic mine, reeelved by the New
faulted and displaced for a distance of

sepia! c Company to date, show an Leverage
about 150 foet west of the crossout the drift on

value in gold and silver of $70.50 a ton,
Three more carloads have been ‘shipped
the 2,200 has passed through the fault and
is again in the solid and permanent vein,

to the Tacoma smelter, from which returns
showing every indication of approach to

have not yet been received, and enoug
more has been piled on the dumps to lea

the ore body from which the rich mining

has bean done between the 1,600 and 1,800

four more cars.
foot levels. ‘The fault, which has broken

BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Srattie, May 1.—A aepecial to the Poet
the vein badly, threw it 28 or 30 feet to
the north of the 2,000 level, and for a dis-

Intelligencer from Prince Rupert, the ter-
minus of the Grand Trunk Parit ¢ Railroad,
says: “The rush is starting for the Lao la
onge and Churchill River mineral fiel
tance of 150 feet west of the crosscut this | and parties of prospectors are leaving almost
condition prevails. The same condition dally for the nd did * tow parts ee ens eae
4 ast summer an eumMictent pros ne
prevails on (he 2,200, but the drifts have t ;
besn getting into better ore for several a PreNlata aka TC Renata hae tee toate
weeks. Hoth drifts have been extended | basin of the Churchill River ia seamed
about 500 feet west. ‘The crosscut to the; with precious mineral bearing quartz,
. Jassié vein on (he 2,200 has just bean started,
The old Speculator vein south of the shaft
on the 2,000 and 2,200 has heen opened, dis-
closing fine ore. This vein has not been
mined for some years and was cut on the

Most of these prospectors, howsver were
new levels in order to mako connections

however,

green at the business, real estate men, mer-
with the High Ore mine of the Anaconda
company. The vein has been found 80

chants, men who would not have known how

to shoot off a stiok of dynamite if they had
had it in their outfit. pions. carried pros-
pectors' hammers and chipped off pieces of

good that it is being opened by a4 drift on

the2,200. There is also an immense amount

of low grade ore in the upper portions of

the Speculator vein which was mined only

rock which they sent away to be assay
for its first class ore before the North Butte

 

AMALGAM ATED DOES NOT PLAN
T0 CURTAIL PRODUCTION.

   
  
 

One man got back a report that his sample
contained $300 worth of a ‘9 the ton,
gn most of the assays betwee

$1 and $5 of gold, with email Weaattion 5
nicke), silver and co

Sheep Creek is ati the active district in
the Slocan. Ten new locations were mi
in the last week. One of them, the Silver
Dollar, yielded samples froin which high
assays were taken.

besame owner, t d he E ALASKA

The plan of the directors of the East — e
Butte Copper Mining Company to take over seer atid: he Mey zs rt hese is seridondy
contro! of the Pittsburg and Montana Cop-|reperts of a tions there published

 
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
   

per Company has been well received in ireeeay ete Aliens hewapapere are correct. | §

+ <5 ugge
Butte. rhe branes 8 will be pone ee John Morrow, who went into the Inncke
tothe stockholders at a special meeting | jest fall and came out to Nome late in the
on May U at Phoenix, The Pittsburg com- Winter, A ekee bad hee .
pany has outstanding $2,500,000 in bonds Morrow sai n a short-
and the East Butte will take these up and|®@¢ of food in the Innoko region in the

. . ‘ winter and that when he left Kaltag on his
take over 83 per cent. of the stock. To do ;

, ’ way to Nome four dog teams were
this the East Butte will increase ite stock | ready to start for Diekakat with grub forthe

300,000 to 600,000 shares of the par miners, SAGRKE 26hk
. rgio, Lt wi increas : r. Morrow ug ‘orty-one head o
value of $10, Lt will also increase the mein palelearsiaas Ball cand” drew cheat to i
bership of the board of directors from five new diggings and sold every pound of the
to nine. The Pittsburg company has a|meat at sixty-five cents a pound. Before
well developed property opened to a depth] he arrived with his herd of deer the onl
of 1,500 feet with two large shafts 1,200 feet ienperr ven he had wos 8 tow Bene ae
deep. It is producing 150 tons of first class | 4p were Dring! n iro! uskok-
end 200 tons of second class ore daily. It Bie siettics She, setae retalling aa ss $Foune
is able to increase this outpnt 1 per cent. | the moose trust out he ry a
at any time. Lt owns 267 aeres of developed aon eerene to at th penetra Getevey Shoes
mineral ground in the Butte district and miners spen 6 winter in the Innoko
more than a thousand acres of undeveloped PAN dave nies A vat at’ 96 0 . Mh Reeiee
ground in other parts of the State. The} gi an hour and Boa eaaly,
East Butte company has more than 100 4 There are three creak 1 $ Ane Gucrict 9
acres on the side of ihe big copper hill of | date that are producers— r, Little an
Butte. The consolidation will make one| Gaines. On Ophir some fifteen outfits are
; : ; working, 68 A we about eight and quite
of the most important producing companies} @ nymber on Gaines. Bedrock on the re-
in the Butte district. spective A, is from eight to twenty

The Corbin Copper Company has cut the foot, with pte or No seepage to contend
vein in the Dewey tunnel and drifting is} *)

; i" ace I are no idle men in th -
being done. The vein is twenty-five feet trict’ but provisions are high abe, wearer,
wide and assays about 5 per cent. copper | Flour on Ophir creek brings $25 a bundred
The Kathleen tunnel has also cut a nice pounds, beans 50 cants a pound. Sugar. rice
lead. The Dewey tunnel is in $20 feet and sue are cles of that nature are three pounds
‘the Kathleen 300 feet. Seve n tunnels, or Goldstream, got the lead in fluicing this
adits, are opening the Corbin Copper one in the Tanana field, on A
ground, four of them being driven for the ree Acer 1m. outfits ae Weeea They

lead. Th vali ar running
hats Hehe than 6 fone cate SHRAS ae hee creek has come to the front in

John D. Ryan is in Butte making a gen- | b » Theodore
tral inspection of the properties of the] sinking a number of holes
Amalgamated Comp in Montana. He| finding nothing abandon his discovery.
pays the Amalgatnaced bas no intention | He afterward spent four years on Duncan
to curtail its output. “The p price of cop creek with the same result and is now in
is still low,” said he, “but the deman is | the Fortymile country.
increasing. ‘Phe production is very e, n the fall of 1906, when the camp went
but the accumulation is not such as to ‘acke mad 5 oer or ging ground, Major Cun-
prosperity for the copper industry as soon | hingham ony aries Conoor sped. sev | tne!
as the general business of the country [@iscovery o n fhe. eat induced sev-
improves. L expect that the latter haif| oral of their frienda to 6. e creek
oi this year will show a better price for | Was ontirely vacant a the time, but within
copper and that we will have no difticulty |@ few weeks it had been staked from the
in selling all that we are producing.” Mr, | mouth to the head. J.ater ry fs of the in-
Ryan met with a tat denial the repeated sto-|terests were acquired by M Miles of
ties that he was about to retire trom the] Seattle and his associates the holdings
position of managing director of the Amalga-| Were combined and the following summer
mated Copper Company in order to devote | W48 spent in prospecting the bens es.
lis time to the Cole-Kyan affairs and busi-| The results obtained were sufficient to
bess of the new smelting warrant the building of a ditch a mile and a

Experts representing the Government | half long, that ig taken from twelve above
have been conducting an investigation | and covers the left limit of the creek, and the
at the Washoe smelterlor a week to ascertain | installation of lead pipe and a giant with
U it is feasible to establish a plant for the| & four inch nozzle working under a 70 foot
manufacture of sulphuric acid and fertil-| head. The gravel on the ben very
iver on @ Commercial basis, the chief object | '§ 60 feet in depth, though that depth as not
being ta rid the smedter sinoke of its poison- | reached at any time in the operations last

‘Lhe experts are N, Pp, | Summer.
VYratt of Atlanta, Ga., 2 spippuric acid
lianufacturer, and W, Heath, a bh

LAKE SUPERIOR COPPER,

HOUGHTON, May 8.—The mages bn) Riga

chemist at the ickinen. smelter, Former | development ‘of the week in t e Su-
caperts have determined that the Washoe | Perior copper district was tha incfoaure of
would be able to manufacture 2,400 tons | Copper at depth in she $pparentiy Is sh the

daily, more than suf-| northern extension of the Ba
ficient to supply the whole world, and tne| discovery was made in sinking a diamond |
brobiem is What to do with the product | drill bole on the lands under option to the
When made. Ir used for the manufacture new Baltic Lode Exploration Company,
o} terulizer it will be necessary to haul | lying next north of the Arcadian property
phosphates hundreds of miles to the plant, the drill core was taken from the west lode
the nearest phosphate beds being in Wyo- | Of the Baltic formation at a depth of 92 feet
ming. It is anticipated that the manu- | tion shows a Nery talr degreg et eee
Jactured fertilizer would also on e main ° & formation
oe market, * CORE SEY ah uld Re SHcetn aren within the moxt Fen |] |
akata and L. Tanaka, o aye. oth weet and main es are dis-
Banitomo Copper Company mon gf ibe ciosed by surface trenches and ay widths }
have also been at the Wasnoe for some, Of 26 feet and 76 feet respectively. They
Gays nvestigating smoke conditions. | Fé 8@ ted hd each other by about 50

‘Ine Samito test of tra
with lar nave Wear to Wallan OUee di acon “Ferelopmenta in the Laks mine
he Butte-Kalakiava Muni pan isclose remarkable copper ground nor
has shipped its first car of ore Orie Wines of the shaft at the second and third levels, a
tmelter and got returns on it of 13.6 per | particularly fine showing obtaining in the
17 ounces in silver and 5 | Grift extending north from the third level

oO! sulpburie acid

 

 

 

 

vor from this ity.
as been developed 500 feet south

hare
; tis boi

a day. Operations in the older workings
of the Evergreen lode and Butler lode con-
tinue without haterra rrapeen, and @ normal
outnut of coppe: @ iraintained

we nt, Ob the Paith claim, 4 seventeen
a one body, and it is possible the blind

 

euak
10 lave a iwhich e slow rthe water Bre
ade The ‘water , bigher p caused @ ce in af
ites att t depth, owin.

20| the Victor mine on B

eek
d Bley feet ere: The values range from

; Silverton Northern road.

| Silverton, Col,

 

wn tin deposits in the orthers lack
Ae ate point known, aa Nig lager Hub asa
D shares
8 emer receiver of the Harney
e. ad Wiatue mpany
reparatory ° HeeSane work on their
stockho AOS 9 tne, Ruby “ford Mining Com.
Bell elect as president
ell vice. ae att: J. W. yg treasurer,
cp il; eu rin
are most) Teor h me
oatly arfish men.
Experta ars abo engaged on the ground
the Galena district near here.
of Benver as the work in charge and le
maki & systematic investigation of the
deals now “a nee For eased to. “oper:
y pas ee o °
ated’ by the Ld noh ew ge Com
pars posed of New pea
6 St.

| Tinton, The party is
property in t eek section. the
advair” b seoretaly, Bd The o
of tha Branch Mint ing “AoE! Wood
gutloo for the propelt y pen ae wee some
y men
"Grapen n ood see Company

erty to th ha 500,000

erty ib th: the hue Tats ,000

Resi, eee ee at q oo pront-
ent, James Dokpette; secreta oen

reer: treasurer, J John Ba ley “all Dead-

8 eae i Bull Peccund ks consiats of 400

ghian. who operated
the a E08 far peoperty iD the Pe,
My juet made a cleanup &

ae all eu r. The cleanup wee

from a smal treatment plant of shout
ine tons aily, cansalty, ipainiy fae aisty

+ e work

‘oot shaft in which a Tartion ve
followed. Values taken run from &4 to $8

a ton gold.

LEAD, 5.—With the arrival here 0: of
Fred Tats of Chie Eo. names
he Globe Gold Mining C ompany

in to stretghten out the wy the
mpany and then resume. work. Ri I-
dent Hitohins is arranging to
indebtedness of last qurauper
start oper ations on the old 800 . Pc
of the ‘Taine. hen the property wap wer
ing last year the grade of ore ore wie
nearer the surface was so low that pare
was practically no profit. ym t
gave indications o previs as . ¢ it
Ww foun on penetrat| the valuea
mee soe with | he “rater action.
to ne

sec orely trina ean
n to
career ume and to ta
vel to supply
an

the
sf
shalt

fhe wa

rea with larger

out the ore from that

mei wie aD er TAGs Waerey |
nten:

fora depth of of 1,000 feet, where it is believed

e ore values are still ‘higher grade.

COLORADO,
CoLorApo Spruyas, May $.~—The Happy
Year Gold Mining te with 8 granted
Q@ prospecting permit gn et long
time lease, on ¢ e Happy Y ear group, com-
isin twenty-three acres on Raven and
H hills, Cripple ree to local mi ning
men. Large bodies of low grade ore
1| fom th sepcere > by a tunnel ut 800 feet +H
ro
4p Bandy ® Mining and the New Haven
Gold Mining 00 anise, Cringle , reas
ave usted eren
after four years of litigation by the Jo Dandy
urchasing the holdings of the New Haven,
he Eclipse No Raven Hill. The
burned Jo D Dandy buildl wili be rebuilt,
Lessees on the Burns claim of the Acacia
Gold tae vp ehy ‘Crippl e Creek, are
realising gue 1, car on paying
$100 a day Srvattian to the owners.
Active operations “have been resumed
ge fhe ven Davia claim he trie Gres '
20 ining ope on r
Creek, by the 7 Galea Creek- Gold aie
Minink Company, C 0 capitalista.
rich ore shoot has 5 been entered from
the deep Prsbnk pian Po of Trilby on Bull Hill,
Cripple C nt returns show $46
a ton ee car lots. Production reaches a

dai
“The, Black Belle Gold he Crh Company 8
property on Beacon Hill pple Cr

Sropuntered a knife blade seam of Searts
at the 300 foot level which has since widened
tant 18S and sav bles taben by the ar
t rock and samples
Lam hs the press of hike drift show $500 in
0
The Ro 2608 Leasing Com operating
1 an Clit’ Cripple creek,
Sfoone about a car daily of twenty
0 e
The Brown-Cotton lease on the Pike's
oak mune of the Stratton estate, pple
has encountered a rich ore y at

$40 to

The "Cripple Creok Dratoege an and peace
Company, which {s construct

velt tunnel, is collecting eno fn meaae

to completé the work. Thus far a 74

nae been paid in by gahecribers The

estimated coat is $550,000 for driving

re 15,500 Feet to its objective. "Pro Teas

i hates made irene three he » gue, ‘om

rtal opening and two from nter-

shalt, More than half the certs

re-

the
mediate sh
has been covered. Two years may
quired to complete the enterprise.
Shipments from Silverton during March
reached 7,115 tons of concentrates. The
Gladstone’ road connecting Silverton Se

the Gold King mines had been blocked
snow for a month and the concentrates
accumulated.

The sale of the Esmeralda group of mines
in Minnie gulch, eight miles northeast “ot
Silverton, is the largest mining transaction
in the district this year. ne parcessare
are New York capitalists orate red. as th
Esmeralda Mining Company. A mill will
be erected on the Animas River at the
mouth of Minnie gulch on the line of the
iy % ae pe Mine and mill
will e connect y a train.

@ Precious M Metals property fn Mill
da six miles northwest of Silverton,
‘ol., is bein Reracues by a tunnel now in

3,000 feet. he vertical depth of the tunnel
head is 2,000 feet below the.outcrop of the
vein. The tunnel has been driven to cut
ore bodies mowin rich surface values.
Since Januar istance of 500 feet has

| been achiev mat and much good ore has been

values at time: reaching

70 per cent. lead, with other values. ‘The

roperty extends from a point near Red

ountain railroad, fa Mil sue h, acrosa the

idal Veil basin’ in San Miguel countr.

The tunnel ts to hativetes the entire prop-
y with a portal in each county,

"the Sherwood Mines Company has be-
gun work on ite claims at Animas Forks,
The tunnel, now in 60 feet,
will be pushed with electric drills 1,500 feet
great surface Values.

Company. operating

encountered,

to cut veins showin
The Danville Minin

Neill and Spencer nrose cole

8pri ngs: no M, Blackmer, Dub
nd K MacLaren of nee fork ani
Q. iebonatt of Florence, Col.

THE SUN,

   
  
  
    
  
   
  
     
 
   
  
  

MONDAY, MAY 10, 1909.

 

DOMINION COPPER COMPANY.

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS, BONDHOLDERS AND CREDITORS:

The ovate ve Committee have caused the properties of thia company to

be exam on audit made of ita books and accounts, and a plan of reor-
ganization eeepieed which they recommend to the Stockholders, Bondhold-
ers and Creditors. This plan in substance is as follows:

A new com pany will be organized to take over the properties and seouri-
ties, or both o the present company with—

$900,000 6% Jet mtge. bonds, interest to run from genusry, ie
BOLE priscisssicicisahiseerstecepcass ,000
500,000 shares of capital stock of the par ‘value of $10 each . 5,000,000
To be distributed as follows:
To Pe Sea of $800,000 of present bonds, new ist mige. i
To $100,000 of generai creditors, mew first mortgage bonds...... 100,000
© the hokdars of £0,000 shares of the present sock for each
share su and $1 paid one share of new stock of
of the “Der Vande Of a0 PRTG eG Aeneas Ma ChaLee rae e ek 5,000,000

vests the control of the company ‘in the stockholders who are
contributing te new capital, and gives the the bondholders bis security of the

be deposited with the Empire Trust Company, No. 42 Broadway, New Yor
Seer oane onan haiste thes 25% of the amount called) {ce trpan Ss sce

lders on or before May 24th, 1900. The second installment of 25% will
be pay: je om June 18th, 1900, and the balance ag and when called for by the
Cornmlties p es risa tod agreanneyn of fe ranaa! i which copies: ae UA
a reo! on, of wi 00)
obtained trained of B. W: Lincoin’ Chairman, Hooet Room 1525, No. 42 Broadway, New York
City, to whom all communications sho addressed.
Dated, New York, May 7, 1908.
a. rp LINCOLN, Chairman.
ing E. 1, METER,
* A. A. POTTER,
7 A. SELIGMAN,
fa? be CHANNING STEBBINS,
4) Protective Committee,

CROCKER & WICKES,
Counsel

 

recommendin urchase.
frais roeateh contri, tate || PORPHYRY
erie § Min and mening

COPPERS

The present and future low cost pro-

Company has added ebou
mineral land & St pro rty in Duane

in the
in exploration

jJuato
work a a fore. i % @ |] ducers treated by the leadin, authort-
veins fou ora and Nino Dios |] ties in the Copper World ie our new

COPPER No. 7

Seat on Request

WEIR BROS. & CO.
28 Broad Street, NEW YORK

 

Stock Exchange Securities,
Investment Bonds, etc.

votation Record

ee the A Autlan Stetrict. J ease, anew
on a large socal he company
at this BNE Buen & on. The company
NEw MEXICO.
stall a steara holst a
aa saath Letier for-

min are eat fo this
cates Se) d to this land Development
ae Oe and
ca wie 600
ee nhent ins gece bes.
to resume deve lopment. work sa ce A
Vv meot work on
i po uction pliant will cs Peectted
ores mine at San Anton
de las Minas, Guanajuato.
Siuven Crry, N. a. Ma 3. —The euptted
States Treasury mpany
e.S8 Se crt air ne at Its
property in the
y is oa rs Sean ate divin,

ment work. shaft shows. more arded on request.
than twenty-three f: on cs n matter. All
of | amily ore wi @ exeeneee " a CARLISLE 60.
id o the ton 7, A his aronuat ot of owe a
6 ‘
tper the dump at this mine. BANKERS AND BROKERS
The Fl Paso Home Mining Company is 74@ Broadway New Yerk

eveloping its clai ma in th rere camp.
his property consists o:

which sonteis feos veins of wear Zz earry-

ing gold and silver.

 

PUBLIC NOTICES.
parent to statutory requirement, notice ts

ARIZONA.

Brsseg, May 4.— The Fombetone. Con- | nereb
solid. Mines Company ane w.

Pot axter are * Drenartng 9 | tou ihe tail-
bed o mill o

Partens” iP ts mcid Cheat that uke tallin ngs can

worked at a good profit. They will average
about $3.90 in golds sea silver and 7 per cent.
copper to the n. The tailings cover
several acres of geunh and values which
they contain are estimated at more than

Development work on the mine of the | ,otnra
toing in

porerily. a id t thet |
abent nel, the

shaft for a hurther duatawes of St too ‘ect will be

civen that an act, Assembly, Printed
No. 1873, iat, No. 1156, has been x by both
the a ASE entitied

ORIZE a

branches of

PROM!
POO NERS th

TAXES,
ined Ny ne THE
ARIES OF THE TOWNS OF WN,
FLUSHING JAMAICA AN At 5 ON

B wear Ste HEMreREAD SS OF THE

aePee PN one
ven thet a Public
Hearing © upon ak oul ml be he rae Pt itarers '

ores La A Hall in

The Wolverine and Arisone Misiag Come etic cb 7 i

pany a how making re ular ents 1900, i

ore to elter from ¢dump on nits mine| Dated, opine York 7 Ll

continuing’ Cistrict, This bin will be the tenth heard at that time.
able to keep up the ore ments t

after the present supply upon the dump is res ‘iv. cn that ana by Messunpay? Noe teas,

oxha pt Int. No nat has been passed by both branches

ctus Development Company Legislature, saRitie

 

yacored ng org of COO cee ie ehs | AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF ESTIMATE
Ohio ttietnce. Pies ions. tional shaft Ane Wun SR ON MENT UF THE. CITY OF
is down over 400 ey and the last 200 feet | AEW.. IN ITS Peta Gash ect DIRECT
fs sunk in PART THEREOF, OF OPENING AND ND-
ING CANAL PLACE FROM EA STONE HUN.
MARINE INTELLIGENCE. RAST ONE HUNDRED D AND FORTY -FOURTH

 

STREET, IN SAID SHALL BE BORNE
AND PAID BY THE ‘crn OF NEW YORK.

MINIATURE ALMANAO THIS DAF, Further notice is y given that a Public

Sun rises... .4:47|Sun sets.,...7:01| Moon rises 11:56 | Hearing upon such bint wu be held at the ors
. HIGH WATRA THIS DAY. Office im the City Hall im the City of New s on
Ww ; May 123th, 1909, at ten o'clock A. M

Sandy Hook 10:27|Gov. Island. 10:50; Hell Gate. 12:52

Arrived—Sumpat, May ®@
Ss St. Paul, Southampton, way 1.
me nua eee, Glasgow, May

Gest} Acre Gena. April 28.
Be Cedslon iverpool, tl 30.
Ss Brika, Huelva, A Rariles
Ss Prometheus, assture,

Dated, City Hall, New York, May 7b. 1
_This bill will be.the fifth heard at that thme.

Pursuant to statutory requirement, notice ts
Tee ES Ra etaA SP ta ease
of the Legislature, Pentided

 

 

The compan
development vor a

“April 18,
iy 26.

Ss Vasari, P1 es te watt. ABEL 2 TO AMEND THE AS RRATER NEW_ YO
Ss, Advance, CHARTER, RELATID NG TO THE OPENING
Ss Maraval, Stoasde: May t EETS PARKS, AND Aee AR UISI-
Ss City of Savannah. Savannah, May 6. TION OF TILE IN FEE OR TO AN SNt
Se Lampasas, Key \est, pay 6 OR IN LANDS FOR PUBLIC. PUR-
Ss Huroa, ‘Jacksonville, May 6. SES NOT Pen eee PROVIDED FO.

Further pote is hereby given that a Public
Pearioe, upon such bill will be held at the Mayor's
Office the City Hall in the Clty of New York.
on Wednesday, May 12th, 1009, at ten o'clock A. M

Dated, City Hall, New York. May 7th, 1000.

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Mayor.

This bill will be the cioth. beard at that time.

Ss vedcrson, Norfotk, May 8.

ARRIVED OUT.
Ss St. Louls, at Southampton from New York.
Ss Penns) ivania, at Plymouth from New Yors.
Ss Ca:edoaia, at Movilie from New York.

 

 

324
ax
en
25
52

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
  

ew Y e
invited to attend cere, late

cent, copper,
« rosscut. This Grit has sttsined a length | alease onthe Shenanc foah on King Solomon ——
are ae gold to the ton Other shipments of 3 54 feet and is mak king as howing bordering Mountain, paren Col., has made sood SAILED PROM FOREKION PORTS. . : ; ; an
Ih on the sensationa show ving ress during the last winter. Oot | SsPresident Grant, from Hamburg for New ursuant to statutory requirement, notice is
whion Buite. oles arse FeRper Comreny, in the face of the drift is richer the any pri rite on the vein has been in rete ore all | York. id) : hereby given weet se sn act, Assembly, No. 2078.
t reanized by Duluth and Pitte- iously in the mine. The south rites {the wa Gray copper of high grade in a Ss Prinzess Alice, trom Cherbourg for New York. | Int. No. 1577, Aipwees by both branches
dintoa G OMDARY 1h the Nin BaniC ae the | gre not looking as well as 1 have, the | vein aly feet wide was gt atone: Ss piand. ron Dover fer wen yore Cae of the Logialature, "ete an
Alex Scott and Annie mines, has fled for | ground, at {nis gn of jhe mine proving mane qreiieuce smypeny iAP pusning dey elpn- Se Lesitani, Them Gieeenlewh tos New Vash. (TD AMEND | THE GRE ATER NEW YORK
record a Statement of its affairs showing | Fat ela carkoset ret lodh hae SOR ret: Moor were Ss Batavia, from Genoa for New York. CARTER, NSPLAON Ty THG 6 FAYMENT | coal
,faritalization of $1,250,000, divided into | rahed horizontal for . distance of 690 A Sherif’ 's deed has been recorded con- Eres NECESSARY Fees FoR BA
20M. shares. Ite assets consist of the non the fret level and 660 feet on|veying from 8. F. Bolsinger to the SUS SCN  Rreaeee ee MiyIST ANON OF THE FUNT OS SCHOOL
sie Oat Bd (Annie claims, valued at feet on nd level. Phe Sartk, rononed & qenk ns-McKay Hardware Company the Sau To-day, nrtner notice i here tven that a Public
Bone oh nehicte me oats oe Assessable | depth of 550 feet where athe fourth level |Spur, Daisy and Maggie claims in Quartz Mails Vesse!s | Hearing upon such bill will be hold at the SN asere
valued s,& share has been paid, |COID.O! being out preparatory vo drifting | Valley and Bureka districts, Central City, Close. Sait tp the City Hall in the City of New York, on
alued at $400,000, and 25,000 shares of hat depth. Opening work is progressing | Col. Coppename, Demerara...... 11.0@0AM 100P M | Wednesday. Mav 12th, 1900, ten o'clock A A. it,
he + ope See eng te Only Habilities BF She sate of 130 feet thonthty . . In sinking the shaft of the Baxter on | Tocantins, Pernampuco.. : g Stes eo aes Dated, ty Hall, New Yo a Khe
; + ot tne ogpennelt of Pittsburg | *' S08 TSS Now. Land 2 shafts are bottomed | Quartz hill, Central City, Col., good yellow | ie und, Pernambuco... 100A M 100 PM BORGE B. McCLEL: Maver.
disco ates fhe company, pad Ree temporarily at the 800 foot lovel, cross. copper and peacock ores are showing, with | Hamilton, Norfolk...) ess, SOP M | Tats bill will be the third heard ‘at that
ce ilitams, Walter lode at tha is better than usuai values. The shaft is down Sceib To. morrow.
Heeture. Se eee GO: Fuster, all of | Orog: Og, tO ie Nort hate ts gunk within | 400 feat, Dritts will be run to cut the ore | romprine Witheim, Bremen 620A M 1900.4.M_| | Pursuant to, statutory requlremen aaa
the lower levels, where ore | Hamourg. Napies..... ere ven that an ac ; 0.
made tn thee ioltier ce cteike bas been fate and less the oiat bad of the Rearearee fitoniua Poradane hofteraes, 1000 A M | 2387, “Int.”No, 1406, has” been’ passed by” both
4 ads in the Consolidated C. and |}. mine will be necessary toe xposéit, ‘The showing Amended articles of incorporation of | Regina d'Ttalia, Naples... . eae branches of the Lerisie ture entitled
vout two miles from Alnambra, owned by P oceiar rooe'in tte end oft ¢ lode has | the Gold Collar Mining Company have been | Clty of Savannah, savannah : 300 PM ACT
iesidouts of neiena and Kast telena <a ae Meitormiy good, In > shaft | filed showin inerease of capital stock to | Apache. e, Jacksonville... . 100 P M Si AN TRE AAA NEW
ent) Nes UiSe shipments of ore will lthe crosscutting at the 800 {0 ot Sorel hag | $1,000,000 and of directors to seven from deneraca, Norfol oe EN ae 3WPM oN OF {MISSIONERS OF CQMPENSA
wu 6 ma 4. “During the winter the loasers attained a ro th of forty-five feet, or | five. Main office will be at Central C ity, Col, Sail Wednesday, Ma ay 1 AND APP: ate
\e beou doing developnent work, re- approxiinately half the latarice Y necessary The company will operate the Gold Collar Qosanic., Southampton. AB? 100A M! Further notice it ipereby given that a
a ent te shaft, drifts, tunnels, &c.,and | rere tee ide at that point roperty in Prossér gulch, in which New Campania, Liverpool... 100A M/H will be held at the Mayor's
eTeR Re oe envounioad & pay streak Mass has two machine drills engaged in Yor and other Eastern capital is inter- | Prince Geor ermu 1100 A M | Offtce to the Cit at in the City of New Yor
steon inches in width from which some drifting in the unna reen epidote | ested. Algonquin, Santo ore 100 P M | on eeen tay i 12th, 1908, at two o'clock Poe:
\ery rich samples have been taken. 1 be | Stope drif' ne a by s t + th Gov. Shafroth has appointe pee. luecher, Hamou 10004 M ‘Hall, New York A tas oe
Valles are i) gold and silver, lode recen’ y, ape from” ekatt parr A oa’ is tors of the bureau, of tees ME “4 ae ines uey, Guana’ 3a {= McCLEL! ‘sage,
riacg 0S Of incorporation of the Cornet ee eerre copper, 6 om” of exceptional | of Victor, W. H. Parenteat a Central Chey rome, Gely gee 1200 M | _ This bill willbe the sixth herd at” fnas tne
wae Uupany of Libby have been sled | Sere oping cep Showa" ha avorer® John R. Gurle of Leadville. Tautasss Tamwar, Oke
\ith the Secretary of State by B.D. Pratt, | Prgniiee, catia roe with six to eight feet e Creek Raliway Company, lSemustova Nera: SOP | pee ureuent 10! statuvory requirement,
pohneon and F. M. Pluinmer. ‘ihe com: | WOtn OF Une oper fin y disceninated. for seven onthe ended January 31, ' «| Retomy Grven CARs: Se ort Aeeey, brinted rN
pany has an authorized capital stock of Sern hae attained & jonath ninecy.| feports earnings as follows: Florence od seocaite  SraAleaElNe, bea ates’ of teat re ontned
ue ih oun 4nd purposes operations in Lincoln | Anes eat and | is “advancing al & rate of Prep le Creek and oubetdiary iseereteee ‘AD
‘ $28 expenses, $1 ! NESS
of! avitht Micke district comes « repo (sx foot a day ay. she company ie mining | $ 7 bios wet lncome, S8e.se4, Midland Yermi: Apri 19 | T2 AERP THE GFNERAL BUSINESS LAW,
Cf, good strike in. the ‘property vof- the | Afty one of rock dally from file opening. hal Rallway Company, $1$6,704; expenses, Aprit be |, Zerener notion is perey ron A. Pubic
‘Hieses-Corbin Copper Mining Company, 4 ATTNIEA -CORDET content. imates gt 00,586; frets 669; ‘and’ income, Apr 4 needs will be held at the Mayor's
(len bas been underdevelopment for more | determine copper content iy eaeks tae o Trading on Trgpe efer eal ar “al iin, ghe Clty of ore.
pea Your. ‘The value of the ore just | PopPer Meiners, Core sat iad a veon Company, 930.090; other 57,083. os 4 ee 2th, 1609, at two o' P.M:
bel rans high in copper, lead and |} Ree “ancesouta aie baka anvek tak tal_income from alf sour sources ‘was “Ape 24 Daved. Clty Hal New York, May 7 ;
ron lode at cho thirteenth level, and two at #140.716.., THe wren aacived ot wpainiy. from ‘April 38] pis ditt will be the second heard at’ that sie.
poy St four to Ave feet of high milling ore | gf h level, They are expected to ma’ . transportation of ripp Creek ores. Gallta -April 27 at that
{8 from & to 87 in gold to the ton has | FiLeOngn (Oke. | ey Ore mat week in June |, The United States Reduction and Refin- Mey ill be Publi
i ck ih (he property of the French | thet Clstinces oy of that will mak ing Company, operating @3 extensive d pound af ABH 28 | 17 DROP Ine Board. Wonating by New York
toed Miniog Company across the Mis- | Pd. TASiit Un Sponge» hoo tons of rook | & olorado City, hy , has reelected Are April 30 1o-A ae isis Wiivation'US om me
r directors: Dawson Waekine G ae May tie t. for aie in tn Perce Line +
" to othe Offce,
6
4

ue k in the EBanel is the sane vein,
8 rowhat sifted its course between | din the
) nous. Tho company owns | per ground in
Claims and water powor. OTe orig iTeia one Joe te haa bee vated. een ora
} the leads have been thoroughly tested ples ae of 183 feet, showing an aver:
end lound atuenable to simple amalgam width of twelve feet, of w' nich fully ef
cyanide process. Bama-| feet carries heavy alot PRE srouly die. is.
vberry mine in the Maryevitie | tributed from ean fe end ae cular
veloping into a good property stretch o grote 6 fu the c reo.
lug to reports, ‘The owners have |% is the portion o 2
red an agsay on a sample from the ; opened in the Ahmeek mi front hte | Lake
the shaft, which is 215 feet deep, | 2 recovery of twenty- four pou
Averages $14.61 to tho ton in sold | | copper to a ton of roo cing made. The
| PeeR atts expects to ship about 100 tons of
rock daily from there vorkings within the
| next few weeks. Developments in the older
| Calico and Branch vein workings continue
| to reveal copper ground of average grade,
though a betterment is a apparent in the terri-
tory tributary to the
eqyre Dan
Deapwoop, far
important oem of the “week ‘a maint ng s:
cles in the Black Hille was the ars va
ty of npoansortye invegtora from the
cast, who are look! ine ever phe a
u ‘

Michigan is opentte efocedingty rich oge-
amy;

sli

    
 

MINE PUMPS.

\ AND SINKING MINING PI
*CHY “LOGAN OF THR CAN MERON
oo J AMACTER THE GRAN DEST THING,”
nt Mus "00 CAMERON pumps tn dally sate-
4! they no fl! over the world give tangible proof
Miner ah. nerit and confirra the claim for thelr
over all others. They are conceded to
s t dure! ¢. rellable and effective mining
he inarket to-day, and while often inij-

 

.
most

be the

1 mips on | a pros-

arise tre bever equalled. For proof, inqu! ta. The party ine gen-
tne pric a engineer, for the latest. Cath ures 1eiin, representing the H veineyer f nter-
rect ig the te any of our resident agents or | es! ‘. ‘and. some UK enheim tar be ob: f
4,2 CAMERON STEAM PUMP wy ether w wo mining ox ris oo
ORKS, t 0 tri
Feo} Fes) 230 3p, New Nork Clty, U. BAL fee district, neargi bag ese yen tbe

“William H, Hea of Wheeling, W.
has bought the Tucker raill jp Quartz valley
Glatriot, Central City. Col., for $10,000 from
the Bate Pei rae Mining Company.
oper Company ¢ at its annual
gtook oliern’ meeting reelected the ol

| aad 3

Dewse Hawk
Li ateetaatt
y, A

5
ote ckling

os of
Laren of Jersey. City:

Colorado Springs was ree presi
and D. C. Jackling secretary-treasurer.

MEXICO.

MEx1c0 ep Mexico, May 8,—It is re-
ported that the ‘sale of the famous El Tiger
mine, in the State of So toa British
concern Is about to be ma atthe bs property
was under option to the ‘sai terests
seme time ago, but the deal “fell trough,

subsidiary company of the London
Bx loration Company has been ereenised
apace with a nee of$ 4008
he purpose of taking over severa
in Chi aking, oer Engi-

~

mines

som spneriapeuta le, tor New York, w, ee le rat eee cee
ecrs sigestues “C e new company have | 240 mites Pn ete ef ibe joland § at m Oe P. EveNtng Sun may be left at any Ameri-
‘we "A SHS! Can District Messenger office in the aity

f ;
on exemisiag | some 0 se nareene vi | eas Minnewashe, for N

  
  

 

sare in
May D, W. LOCKWOOD. Senior Mem
. New Orleans... . May
Ei  ‘Galvesten Has adce May SELECT APARTMENTS,
vw

Due vaassrrehe PLL LLL PL PLL LAP LIL LPI PRD PPPS
ABOVE 14TH 8T., WEST SINE,

M

ise “ln ts Meant a Nae Yerk
= COBURG

a8 3] APARTMENTS

Ane | ametecae, wha’ Toga cts ie at.
cae gna ii hie, nica "host bot watel,  telephoce
roan Liberal Inducements

Apply Superintendent, on premises, or

POST & REESE, Agents

26 EAST

By Marcon! Wireless.
Ss Cretic, for vey tet. was 3 miles cast of

 

Sener Ror Hook at al a ee termay.
Ss New | ork, Was 700 miles cast
of Sandy t rr 7:20 A. M.

Ss Berlin, for vey Yorks was 323 miles east of

‘ No Extra Charge fer It.

      
      
       
          

Company's Main Office.
Chamber of Cemmerce Bailding.

Portable Bungalows,

Cottages, Garages, Boat Houses
$5 te $20 Monthly Bays Them.

a on oe ceey Rayencnte | here ee Vie 180

veries,
da ’
oe tere urge. of atyles, waparioe quality

er ‘Sweaty hve ‘table buildin:
ne eae Far ae ”

Daymente,

PPR en ets

THE
TITLE INSURANCE

COMPANY OF NEW YORK
135 BROADWAY

INSURES TITLES TO REAL ESTATE AND! pn
LENDS MONEY ON BOND AND MORTBAGE | ——

Geo. R, Read & Co,

REAL: ESTATE

Bead Office: 6@ Liberty St.. near B'way
Branch: 3 East 36th St.

LANDLORDS BACK RENTS

Collected; no charge unicss successful,
STANDARD aT ce.
Platirea Building. Tel. 6834 Grameréy.
penovon OF BROOKLYN—FOR SALE

~ PUTNAM AV., near Patchen—Handsome stone

compicte 2 taraity, $8.80
EK BROS., 120 Ralphav. _

SELECT APARTMENTS—BROOKLYN.

The Brooklyn Arms

New high class apartments, 7 rooms and bath,
\ Sbolcest residen ential section

 

 

 

 

LONG ISLAND REAL ESTATE FORSALE
ees

 

 

ine A eager yi
istic 5
sirable environment and
actual value,

| ete

is the most attractive offering
ia the Suburban real estate

market to-day. ‘plendid plots
for $1,500 and up.

Dean Alvord Co.,

111 Broadway, New York,
‘Phone, 3195—Rector.

SE EER
FRONTAGE ON SOUND
$76—PER ACRE-—$75

2.000 acres at Rocky Point, L 1. suitable Sor
Y ; EAL ESTATE Co.
1a? eaters st.. Brookiyn, N. Y.
FURNISHED MUUAMS TO LET,
——_——owo.ananmenemememrnrmnnm— iOoOOEIEOEOOOOOOOWMCOM—ooonwnmn=m—arn~*

WAVERLEY PL. 108-—Eeautifully furaished
ene ream With private bats. 3/0 per week.

 

PROPOSALS.

uarters of pe. Fire Depttinest of the
caly'ot ew York, 1s one 150 East Sixty.
savents Street, Eaictak of Manhattan, the Cily
ew
SEALED BIDS OR ESTIMATES will be re-
celved by the Fire oa areee at the above
Cece wat ee hh 7 oe ri, 3908
Po eoath of Banke
No. 1. For fu r+ ua teten eight
a ( met tons of white ash anthracile
berthed on the East River
es b of
@.

for fire!
Bo: Manhattan.
. For furaishing and Gelivering fifteen
hundred {. $00) Bet tone of white ash anthracite

c@a! for reve on East and Harie
Rivers, Borough of Hantartan an, ”
Borough of Rich

mond.
. 1. For furaisbing and delivering sz buns
ane (900) net tons of Suite ash anth
for fireboats berthed in percegs of Ri

ro or faa LEA! HAYES, Hee Comuntestoner.
Dated May &, 1

 

      

 

POSALS for Constructien, Plumbing,
and Electric Wiring: War Department,
¢ Of the Gonsirueting RUSE OrEAAei se, New

fon, Ct., May 6, ISS. Sealed p for

o goubie | "ieurenanve

, 1900, and
a and sesathoa Goan nay be seen In office of
The ne Oniet Quartermaster, Department of the Mast,

Governors | N. Y., Or all necessary
farmaiion will be furnis! pre oe gh ice on

request. Envelopes con oiee PY mous
Greesad “CHAS T RARER, Capt, nes afr con:
structing quartermaster , New capt ge ct."

be ws Broad the Board ot

SEALED BIDS

Tae en Ay ee es

bet cathe, tevetine as ae
JOHN A. BENSEL,
atthe

i, ERs of Chl aeinec eter Supply.

of Public Charities, foot of East
"a one" Si et Rikes win be re

the Depariment of Fuptic, Opastee at
is "Newt oe we 3 o'clock B P.M.

1908,
or lepet 08 end a required for the erection
a mater ote a frame shelter at the
Cp eee Rcon
PopERT W. He W HEDBERD. Commissioner,

A... ees
reaty sith § of yee je eeanes, foot of Fast
IDeOn i ESTIn TSS will be re
Public

ea et Be Charities mt
thove site

all the m
ques for making general repairs to the steam-

Oe ean
ERT W SuEOUND, Con Commissioner,
Dated April 30, 1
pears CT10! F SEWER OUTLET: Fort

ie Sr! a09.—Sealed proposa'«
e sewer o at Fort hook.

a Md ceed bere untl) 2
jatormation

or Seeger eae Hw
et Lieut., Constructing quartermaster
le KH,
jae, palit. st.

New

oe “a

“BEPAR NT Al DOCKS AND

star sre Bre eases

  
 

{| developments: all

   
  
 
 

No investment offering in the
market equals the attractive-
ness of our

BUARANTEED MORTBAGES

on New York City Real Estate.
No risk as to principal. Inter-.
est paid promptly when ‘due,
netting 4% to 434% and free from
Personal Tax in this State, All
of our Mortgages are legal in-
vestments for Trust Funds.
Capital & Surplus, $4,600,000

50 Liberty Street, New York, |

 

NEW JERSEY BEAL ESTATE FORSALE

_ew

$20 MONTHLY BUYS

FINE ALL-YEAR BUNGALOW,

No Great Burden of Interest and Taxes.

Built of fireproof rustle stucco; 4, 6, 6 or 7 rooms
or larger; steam heat, bath; every convenience;
wide porches, open fireplaces, misaio evesione:
$1,500 to $2,500 fore ample Bios and bu gsiow |

want. “Dayable a& reasonable sum down, en
$20 monthly without interest. Three Thoattee
commutation ticket free, Lesa than hour out
on Pennsylvania R. R, Our terms are the most
Itbe: because we have no middlemen to pay.
No strings to our offer. Investigate and ve
every statement. Bue oben? or call. Social
§ Bunga! ny ncn of aye ly
Metuchen, suite “at eo Ye
Phone, 1111 Cortlandt

BEA SUNGALO PER. ae
The ve alow Colony at Portaupeck Is srowtes
fast. ay’s prices eas oppor wities for se-
fectine | ai rahe: ae pt gone to-morrow;
partes d The. best or water, aay
beach, finest ‘Gsuine, boating and - galling.
Bungalows now in course a erection, Ont
ree aeighbors. Send for booklet or c
lf convenient.

PORTAUPECK REALTY C6., Tc faa sun. Rew tat

~ RIDQEFIELD PARK, N. J,

1 have cholce dwelling houses, 6 rooms and
batb, modern and up to date mprovemenis:;
sltuated on ae lates plots! 5 minutes:walk to depot;

convinced: I will

prise $3,560. Come out and be
ry and make

your, vislt_a pleasant one,
Opposite Little Ferry R. wR station,

 

 

 

 

NST BRUNO,
Ridgefield Park,
BE A BUNGALO-FER
Portau ee is tho Ideal Bungalow colowy.
Every a tage: every Sqavesiones: 5 wo 18
minutes byt trolley from celebrated seaside re-

sorts. Send for booklet or let us send a repre-
sentative to tell you about it

PORTAUF EOS. NEALTY. co.,
26 Broadway, N, Y.

Artistic Ne w, Modern Residence

Beautifully designed, exceptionally wetl con-
structed and well seasoned, 9 to }1. rooms, tiled
baths and every modern improvements; 3. pip:
utes from Anderson er express station Erfe R,

trolley to 130th st. HA
& "Ba RY, Hackensack, N. J.

Owner, DAVID A
79 Crosby st., N. Y. clty. Phone elther address.

WHY 18 RED BANK ITP
asx G, D. SULLIVAN.

WAWTHORNE—NEW HOUSE, 6 ; ROOMS

Bath, all arenrovers 00 sei peice reasonable: terms
easy. 50: ro ved . wee.
erty. Apply ROBERT PATTON, 40 Wall 91.0 Fe

SMALL Farms and onuaiey Places, 1 to 50
acres; Stes pile ings: springs, brooks, fruit,
$2,000 to $6,000; easy terms; 25 to ee out; all
Within commuiing ¢ Istances. J S. PAYNE,
Overbrook, Wortendyke P. O.,

voit Rochelle Heights, highest clevation,

pretties ‘ rae section in Rochelle Park; 1¢ | ald
tes walk of Sate right on trolley oe

aterson pass rty.

EW. CONTA IN & CO., Shenae Bowery.
“AT. GRANTWOOD, aged Grant's Te
m: cent reaiden pe and attic; al

mod.rn improvements: restricted locallty;

$200 cash, balance eat payee ents; imm

possession. Taquire 208 th st,

AM g atk, e nd ppunte im; roved
cation, and best facil

BES
lots; best
tles; wi bh pes of ates York; send for mane
and leo lita. CLINTON REALTY ©O.,
Newark st., Hoboken,

AS I cannot describe several hundred proper-
tles in this advertisement I want oy to write.
Let me know just what you wal went. can got t

Rachelle Park, N. J. °

pnp nec hsnaeeaentiteniiapentieeichaot®

BEAUTIFUL corner house at Ridgefield Park,
N. J.; 9 rooms and bath, all tmprevers ences 2 lot
50x100, exceptional view, goof nelghberhood: for
rent with option of purchasing. WNER, room
427, 42 Broadway.

TF vs WpRE to sec 4 well bullt house call on
Mr. E ANDER HEYDEN, Ridgefield Fark,
N. J. 1 just completed a new house
abesios shingles: 7_rooms and bath; peat a ti

BELMAR, N. Ji
I have beautiful Cotiages from $150 to $1,500
or thor.
MILO CREGO, 805 F #t., Beimar, N, 7,

   

 

FURNISHED house, Sho

rt Hue, N. J.
year or surmmer. J. A. }

   

REAL, ESTATE AT AUCTION.

~~ Oe oe eee aes Ge

Aipictey

REAL ESTATE,
31 NASSAU NASSAU STREET,

AUCTION SALE NO... SALE NO. wv.

Oakdale Water Front, on Great South Bay,
L. 1.. with upland lots for bungalow sites, next
Idle Hour, home of W. K. Vanderbilt, Monday,
May 17, at 12 o'clock, at Exchange Salesroom, 14
Vesey st., N. Y. City. Upland plots carry water
rights In perpetulty; 60% on morigage, 3 years 4"
BRYAN L. KENNELLY, Auctioneer, 1% B'way.

QUEENS REAL ESTATE FOR SALE,

HARD TO PLEASE
people are Invited ta Inspect a new residenes
park located in Great Neck, Long Island: plow
of 80 10 200 feet frontage will be sold to desirable
people who can appreciate an exclusive, cultured
environment; prices no higher than In ordinary
Improvements. For detalis
write L. S. RICHARDSON , 45 West 4th st!

GENTLEMAN will sell handsome residence on
Sound with waterfront rights; Also part owner
1o private dock and privilege to yacht club;houga
all large rooms, expensive open fireplaces; 15
miles watery view every thing wD to date; 40 min-
utes from Wall year home; sell all for
$11,500; can be purchased on when monthly pay~
ments to suit Buyer. KREHER, 39 Bridge st.,
Brooklya.

DWELLING © HOUSES TO LET.

eee ans ee

RENTS $87.50 PER MONTH
NEWLY DECORATED PRIVATE
RESIDENCES
138th and 130th nts. bet. jihand Sth Aves.

IMMEDIATE POSSESSION

ERASTUS BAMILASK, Agent,
252 West 186th Street, Tel, 1008 Rudubon.

Furnished.

LYMF, CONN.—To let, old Colonial eee a
rooms and two cottages, 18 and 11 oh os
4 modern improvements, fully furnished. me

. SALISBURY, New Haven, Conn

 

 

 

 

 

 

aes
BRONX REAL ESTATE FOR SALE.

"TO MANUFACTURERS:
,THE BRONX OFFERS:

Low Pri Factory tee, Chas
meee of Labor, Skilled ta U that Fine ‘
acilities. Water Fronts—tftail,

Shipping Facitich to Dowatows Wholesale.
reas and Financial Market
NORTH SIDE BOARD OF TRADE,
A3Sth Street and 3d Avenue.

REAL FSTATE FOR BALY

nohieatens Yarn at Hai teres barista
CHARLE ES J. VAN DF MARK, 10 Fast 62d in

| cofANDSONE, summer shore retldences, fod

National Real Estate Co., New Haven, Coan.

 

 

 

 

HOUSES ‘FOR RENT—WESTC HESTER.

see aes cottage, 80x10; all
tmpror vate street: nine Foam, ine
cluding be yearly, COLLINS, & White