Ww

”

sige

 

 

WO

I\XIHL—NO, 153.

—- =|

TO SMOTHER BANKING INQUIRY

RIT D BKILBURNS RESIGN A-
TION WOLLD RELIEVE SITUATION

Assembly Passes Investigation Resolue
tlon, but tt Is Feared That Further
steps Would Start a Panic— Charges
crew Out of the Buffalo Fatlures,

Apneny, dan. 40.—The situation regard-
ing a! vestigation of the State Banking

Departuient is acute, The Assembly reso-

jytion providing for such an investigation

passe | Hie Assembly withont protest, and
jt was sent on its way to the legislative
morgue the Senate, There, when the
res ) “was announced, it was referred
to the finance committee without com-
mont

Jie present plan is that this committee

x smother the resolution, This dis-
posit f the resolution is not actuated
at ‘ainy desire to protect Superin-
tendent of Banks Frederick D, Kilburn,
Lut supply to prevent a panie which the
Republican leaders fear would ensue should
a general investigation of the financial in-
atitit of the State be inaugurated.
The ortcistus which have given rise to the
introduction of the Kilburn investigation
yoselition have not been aimed so much
aganet the State banking and trust com-
par system as it has been against what
bas been termed Supt. Kilburn’s inefficient
ad {ration

Gov. Higgins's friends feel that Mr. Kil-
hurn’s pronounced friendship for the Gov-
r should cause him to relieve the pres-

@rT

ent situation by tendering his resignation,
They argue that the Kilburn blot is the
only one tipon the Republican party's
horizon which is likely to be felt after the
Legisiuture adjourns and become a serious

factor in next fall's campaign. While the
Republican leaders in the Legislature and
Higgins'’s friends say that the
nation does not warrant any action by the
Legislature which would incite distrust
among the hundreds of thousands of in-
vestors in the financial institutions of the
State, with a resulting panic, they also re-
alive that the attention of the public is
focussed uipon Supt. Kilburn's  adminis-
tration end that something must be done
to satisfy this public opinion,

They feel’that so far as the Republican
ttate administration is concerned the sit-
uation would be fully met in the eyes of
the public should Supt. Kilburn retire.

Mr. Kilburn ended his tenth year as
State Superintendent of Banks on Jan-
uary & last. His present term does not ex-
pire until two years from next May. The
talary of the Superintendent of Banks was
$5,000 when he assumed office. In 1808
he had the salary increased and now gets
$8,500 a year.

The Senate Finance Committee met
this afternoon, but paid no attention to the
Kilburn resolution,

William L. Reid, John S. Volz and Alfred
RB, Farthing, a committee of the mutual
depositors of the German Bank of Buffalo,
rre here to urge the passage of the resolu-
bion. They are urging upon the attention

(no¥. Rite

   

( members of the Legislature the specific

charges against Superintendent Kilburn
upon which they demanded his removal
from office in their petitions to Cov.
Higgins, They assert that Mr. Kilburn
never made any specific answer to their
charges and that when they made a second
complaint to the Governor, giving more
in detai| the transactions in which they as-
sert that Mr. Kilburn was negligent of his

duty, the Governor never even acknow!l-
edged it.
In brief their charges grow out of the

looting of the German Bank and the Ger-

man-American Bank of Buffalo by Arthur
Fk. Anplevard, who borrowed $661,000 from
the German Bank and caused its failure,
They -ayv that the condition of affairs was
e ‘ ns on Sunday, Der. 5, 1904, that Mr.
Kilburn went to Buffalo to see what could
be done. Representatives of the other
banks of the city met him on that day,

and after an examination of the affairs of
that the German
The committees says
thal one person at the meeting suggested
lhurn that he permit the doors
to be opened on Monday and

hanks decided

insolvent,

of the bank
meeting of the
10 ¢ < to see whether they would lend

 

the hank their individual eredit, Mr, Kil-
burn says that the meeting advised him to

step, Upon this point there is a
question of veracity.

It is pointed out by the committee that
the m ng of directors might have been
called r 9 o'clock, It was, however,
cale| at 10 o'clock, after the bank had
epened. and the bank directors refused
\ Ine to its assistance.

Ihe hank remained open for an hour
and twenty minutes, during which time
$155.000 in cash was withdrawn by favorite
ae t upon 210 checks, The com-
Mittee asserts that the easbier of the bank
arrived at the institution at 5 o'clock in the
m 1a and that chents of the attorney
for the bank were among those who with-
drew these deposits, the money for which
had been made up for them in packages
In advance, Among those who got out

of the bank in time is said to be a promi-
hent politician “who was taken down into
or cellar of the bank and
there turned over $38,000, being his balance
in the bank,”

Mr. Kilburn then ordered the bank to be
Closed and the other depositors were com-
belied to take what they could get.

lt as further charged by the committee
thar the examinations made by Mr. Kilburn
Were misleading to the depositors,

the |Laserment

AS AT OBERAMMERGAU,

 

at Hiverhead by
of a Religious Play.

J., Jan. 30.—A religious
Diay, “Jeselka,” was presented in the
Opera House here last night by about
forty-five young Polish men and women,
This is the first time that
the pliy has been presented in this coun-
try, although it has been given in Italy
and Poland and several other Catholic
European countries,

It is in three acts and deals with the birth

Production Amateurs

Riverneap, L.

4 local talent.

of Christ and the conditions then existing
In Jerusalem und Bethlehem.

Characters in the play are: Herod,
St. Joseph, the Virgin Mary, thirteen angels
&nd peasants, One of the scenes is a stable

al Bethlehem, showing Christ in the manger
and cattle surrounding him.

The play was given for the benefit of
t. Ivydora's Roman Catholic Church,

5

 

Is HOURS TO CHICAGO
Vaathe weary NSYLVANIA SPECIAL
AM yt OTK 4.55 PM. arrives Chicago 8.55
ae x ‘ veil nao 2.45 P.M... arrives New York
Of rock ballast. Adee Kallroad, 912 miles

 

| 1903, requiring the promulgation by

directors be calledat |

 

 

CASE

AGAINST DEUEL,

 

Evidence Collated for Use if He Decides
Not to Resign.

Several employees of Town Topics were
examined by Assistant District Attorney
Hart yesterday in connection with the
perjury charge against Col. William D.
Mann, The handwriting experts also made
some experiments with Col, Mann's writing
and the “O. K. W. D. M.” on the Count
Reginald Ward letter.

Assistant District Attorney Nott has
completed the job of going through all
the evidence in the Hapgood trial con-
cerning Justice Joseph M. Deuel of Special
Sessions. Mr. Nott will have it in shape
so that District Attorney Jerome can pre-

sent it to the Appellate Division when he |

returns from Lakeville on Monday, should
Justice Deuel not resign in the meantime.
Mr. Nott is said to be of the opinio# that
there is enough to remove Justice Deuel.
Justica Deuel said yesterday that
would have nothing to say until he 5
ready to give out a public statement, which
he is now working on and which he expects
to have ready to-day or to-morrow.
Comptroller Metz has cut Town Topics
from the list of publications which received
advertisements of bond sales and other

he

   

+NEW YORK

{
|
|

 

financial announcements from the Finance |
| longer it is delayed, so much the better.

Department. He added, “I am also going
to cut off several other small periodicals
which have been getting financial aid from
the city, In future papers will get city
advertising not they need the
money, but because of their standing.”

M. O. LEAGUES WOULDN'T MIX,
Reserves Called Out to Separate the VM. O,
L. GN. Y. From the G. A. MW. 0. L.
The Municipal Ownership League of
Greater New York, an organization separate
from the Hearst league, was organized
in the Imperial, Fulton street and Red Hook
lane, Brooklyn, last night. Delegates were
present from all the election districts in

Brooklyn.

The German-American Municipal Owner-
ship League sent out cards asking its mem-
bers to attend the meeting and there was
great confusion before the meeting was
organized. j

The M. 0, L. G. N.Y. didn't want the
G. A.M. O. L. represented and the reserves
had to be called out to separate the dele-
gates of the two organizations. The G,
A.M. 0. L, eventually adjourned to Temple
Rar.

The M. O. L. G. N.Y. elected these offi-
cers: Chairman, Robert Stewart; secretary,
Henry Clay Peters; corresponding secretary,
Hyman Gollinhost.
Alfred J. Bolton a committee was appointed
to confer with the G. A. M. O. L. and other
M. O. Iu. societies

because

 

 

 

HAZING TRIALS QUESTIONED.

Senate Orders Investigation of the Legallty
of Courts-Martlal of Cadets.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 30.
day adopted a resolution calling pon the
Secretary of the Navy for information as
to under what authority of law the recent
courta-martials of Midshipmen Marzoni
and Mayo were conducced,

On motion of Register |

} troller in regard to the authority of the
| committee in ordering the work, |

Question has arisen as to the legality of |

these and all subsequent trials, and
matter is to be investigated by the Senate
Naval Affairs Committee, which considered
it at some length to-day. The = courts-
martial were held under the law of 1874,
which provided for (he punishment of mid-
shipmen (then naval cadets: for “the cf-
fence called hazing.” This law was super-
seded hy the law of 1895, which provide l
forthe trial by courts-martial of all ofences
committed by the cadets. Vhen there
doubt as to the constitutionality of a former
act, because it makes the Superintendent
of the Naval Academy not only the aceuser,
but also the officer of final review, he im-
posing the sentence,

The Marzoni and all the courts-martial
which followed, including now in
progress, were held under authority of the
act of 1874, and, if that law was renealed
by the act of 1895 all the sentences imposed
are void, Having been placed
jeopardy, they could not again be tried
for the same offence. Then, too, there is
another Jaw in the that ny
the

of regu-

once

way, passed

authorities of the Naval Academ”

lations defining having. This has never
been carried out, and in the absence of
the regulations specifically required by

law it is: doubtful if trials can be had under
the law of 1895.

SWIMMING IN THE SOUND.
January Records Belng Made at Two
Clubhouses.

Mount Vernon, N. Y., Jan, 30. As a ree

sult of the unusually mild winter in West-
chester county all kinds of happenings are
being reported, At the Larchimont
Club and New York Athletic Club at Travers
Island clibmen are making new records
by going swimming in the Sound in Janu-
ary.

Yesterday at the athletic clib Capt.
Hanley of the polo team and three other
clubmen swam from the clubhouse float
to Little Germany on Glen Island and back,
about two hundred yards, in the presence
of a large number of the members who
gathered to see the performance, The
clubmen wore tight woolen bathing suits,
and after returning to the float hast a rub
down and declared that the water was
fine.

At Larchmont Alfred Wilson and a friend
accepted a challenge from some yachts-
men and went swimming in the Sound.

 

BOTH “ORIENTALS” WRECKED.
East and West Bound Limited Trains on the
Great Northern Collide.

KALISPALL, Mon., Jan. 30.— Both of the
Great Northern's “Oriental Limited” trains
were wrecked in one smashup here to-day,

The eastbound train and the westbound
met on the same track, both going at high
speed,

The locomotives, baggage and mail cars
were smashed into débris, and four train-
men were killed. No passenger was hurt.

The Oriental Limited trains, one each
way between St. Paul and the coast, were
put on recently and were James J. Hill's
pride.

 

KILLED BY SON SHE'D SPANKED.
Boy of Seven After Threatening Revenge
Shoots His Mother Dead.

LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 30.-At Rogers
last night Mrs. John Hatton was shot and
killed by her seven-year-old son. She had
spanked the child for misbehaving. lhe
child in anger said: “I'll kill you for that,
mamma.”

Going into the next room the boy took
his father's pistol from a table, pointed it
at his mother and saying, “Now,” pulled
the trigger. The .45 calibre bullet went
clear through her heart.

Genuine crystal pebble cye glasses, the cool kind
that never mist, at Spencer's, 12 Maiden Lane.

—aAdz,

 

 

 

the |}

' “I knew your record,

ny

in}

fon to say:

Yacht |

acre ee ences

| testimony, but

The Senate to- | (0 @ letter from Senator Armstrong written

“WEDNESDAY,

 
  

  
   

  

 

 

SENATE COMMITTEE STANDS BY
INSURANCE INVESTIGATORS,

Favorable Report
1o Get &,000 Volumes of Testimony
Printed Elsewhere—Charges and
Counter Charges Regarding the Delay,

on Armstrong's Bill

|
|
|
ALBANY, Jan, 30.—After a most sensa-
tional hearing the Senate Finance Com-
mittee to-day decided to report favorably
Senator Armstrong's bill authorizing the
insurance investigating committee to enter
into a contract with a printing house for
5,000 volumes of the printed testimony
taken by the committee, Senator George
T. Malby did not vote on the question of
reporting,

senator Armstrong reiterated his charge |
that the State Printer was holding up the |
the State Printer replied |
that Senator Armstrong was responsible
for the delay. |

The hearing brought to light something
that had been suspected. There is a de-
sire on the part of some Senators to have
the printed testimony delayed. The |

|
But the insistence of Senator Armstrong |
to have the printed testimony accompany
the report of the committee has changed |
matters by bringing about a realization
that if there is further delay there may |
be a purpose in it.

Senator Malby said that the delay would
make it longer before any action could be
taken on the committee's report by the
Legislature, A. S, Brandow of Albany,
the State printer, was represented by his
attorney, John F, Montignani, J, Edward
Drake of the State Printing House was
on hand.and he caused a sensation by ate
tacking Senator Armstrong and challeng-
ing the truthfulness of Senator Armstrong's
statements

Senator Armstrong reiterated his charges
mide in the Senate the other day, in which |
he declared that the State printer was hold- |
ing up the committee in regard to deliver-
ingg the testimony until after they had |
made $60,000 or more out of it. Senator |
Armstrong also said |

“After our long and bitter experience
with the State printer I would not take his
word over night, [am nota printer, but I
do know that these books can be printed
at less than what they saw they will cost,
Saying they cost $15 a volume, when the

actual cost is less than $!,is what T call
piracy, IT don't care who prints these
extra volumes. All that [ want is’ the

printed testimony.”

Mr. Drake jumped excitedly to his feet
and, waving in the face of Senator Arm- |
strong a handful of letters, charged him
with bad faith in the matter of expediting
the printing of the testimony. He referred

last December in which mention was made
about getting the opinion of the State Comp-

“There was no trouble about anything
until you entered on the scene,” exclaimed
Senator Armstrong

“No, but I knew you, and knew exactly |
what to do with you,” replied Mr. Drake,
You have held up
You are the man who

 

Is

the testimony.

responsible for this situation, I know
what you are and what you say. I know
your character. You held up the copy
and you held up the proofs so that we
could not print the testimony. You say
that there is a great demand for this work,

Let me tell you that out of over 500 ciren-
lar letters less than
fifty replies asking the price, and when
they learned the price the majority never
replied to it. You here and make
statements which are directly contrary to
the facts.”

Senator Armstrong
that the stenographer
printer with the copy.

“Yes, and then we sent you the proofs,
and you held them up and refused to turn
them over us. And you now shout
about delay.”

In the course of Mr. Montignarni's remarks
opposing the awarding of a@ contract for |
the printing of the testimony to any but
the State printer, Senator Armstrong broke
“| will substantiate everything

sent out we received

come

interrupted to

had furnished

say
the

to

|

|
that L have already said on the matter.” |

"Oh, yes,” mildly replied Mr. Montig- |
nant, “there has been enough dust thrown |
in the eyes of the people to blind them to ;
the real situation.”

Mr. Brandow said that
the testimony were ready for delivery, and
the seventh yolume, which would complete |
the testimony, would be done to-morrow,
After that there remained two volumes
of exhibits and the index, He charged
that the committee was responsible for
the delay in getting out the index in not
furnishing the copy on time. Mr. Brandow
said they were prepared to have the testi-
mony in the hands of the committee within
a short time.

The result of the hearing assures more
haste in getting the testimony, but there
remains a suspicion that all is not known
concerning the reasons for the delay.

six volumes of

WANTED A POLICE CHIEF,

 

Buffalo’s Mayor Sends Out an Appeal

{
|
|
|
}
|
'
\
|
Army or Navy Man Preferred.
Pvrra.o, Jan. 30. Mayor J. N. Adam |
to-night sent out an appeal for a superin- |
tendent of police, He wants an army or
navy man. The pay is $4,500 a year, with
a chance of a raise.

It is a legal question whether the appli-
eant can have the job, however, as Civil |
Service rules limit the appointment to the
inspectors and captains of the police de- |
partment. The city is sitting up awaiting
the results of the Mayor's “Want Ad.” |

|
'
]
|
|
!
|

1000 MEN AFTER A RAVISHER,

Negro Assaults and Cuts the Throat of a
Bride of a Few Months,

ATLANTA, va., Jan. 30..-More than a
thousand citizens of Atlanta are chasing a
negro who this afternoon assaulted Mrs.
Nina Duprie, a wife of a few months, cut
her throat and left her dying. At 8 o'clock
the posse was close on the track of the
negro, and if he is caught the formality
of trial will be dispensed with,

The crime was committed at the home
of Mrs. Duprie, in the residential portion
of the South Side. About 1 o'clock Mrs.
Duprie, who was alone, went into the dinin
room for
denly confronted by a negro.

The brute left his victim lying on the floor
with her throat cut. A friend who came to
visit Mrs, Duprie found her barely alive.
Doctors restored the young woman so that
she could gasp out partial details of the as-
sault. There is no chance for her recovery.

Mrs. Duprie is the second woman assaulted
in a month,

luncheon, where she was sud- |

=
JANU

STATE PRINTER TURNED DOWN |

| from

' Sends

| the police,

! and removed the gas jet

AR

RUSSIANS

 
    
 

 

 

KILL BRITISH TARS,
Reval Shot

 

Two Sallors Who Landed at
by the Sentrtes,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Jan, 80.—A despatch to the
Standard from Moscow says that two British
seamen who were landing at Reval were
shot and killed by sentries, who shouted
behind for them to stand. The
sailors did not heed the call, not knowing
the language or that the sentries were
shouting at them, whereupon the guards
fired.

TOWN

Revoluttonists Prevent Firemen
Working to Save Gomel.

Spoctal Coble Despatch to THE SUN.

St. PeETERSBURG, Jan. 8).—An_ anti-
Jewish outbreak has been going on at
Gomel, Russia, for four days. Part of the
town has been burning for forty-eight
hours. The mob is preventing the fire-
nen from fighting the flames.

There has been much shooting on the
streets and many persons have been killed.
Artillery and Cossacks have been sent to
the town.

It is asserted that the outrages of Gomel
resulted from the authorities trying to find
proof of revolutionary activity on the part
of the Jews. The Cossacks employed to
search dwellings got beyond control. They
set fire to buildings, massacred many per-
sons, and then, maddened by slaughter,

 

ABLAZE 48 HOURS,

From

| attacked @ven the police, many of whom

were killed.

THREATEN RERLIN: BANKER.

Revoluttonists Sentence Him to Death for
Negottating Loan for Russia.
special Cable Despiten to THE SUN,

BERLIN, Jan. 30.—Herr Mendelssohn, the

well known German banker, has received

a letter informing him that the Russian

revolutionists have sentenced him to death

for negotiating Joans for the Russian Got-
ernment, thereby giving a victory to the

bureaucracy, .

Herr Mendelssohn gave the letter to the
police. He is now protected by detectives,

WITTE'S

\

GIFT TO COLUMBIA,

to the University a Collection of

‘ Hussla's State Papers.

A collection of Russian documents and
state papers has been presented to Columbia
University by M. Witte, the Russian Pre-
mier.

The collection includes all the Russian

 

| State papers now in print, as well as copies

of the Russian codes and reports on agri-
culture, census, finances and = Siberian
affairs. The gift is being sent to Columbia
in installments, the first of which alone
comprised more than 600 separate books
and documents.

M. Witte last September received from
the University the degree of Doctor of

Laws.

KING ALFONSO'S BETROTHAL,

Omctal Announcement Not to Be Made
Until April.
Special Cable Despatches ta TAR SUN

Biarritz, Jan.30.— King Alfonso, Princess
Henry of Battenberg and Princess Ena
went to Pau this afternoon in an automobile
and saw some balloon ascents there. It is
understood that King Alfonso will make his
final visit to Mouriscot Villa to-morrow.
He will return to Madrid on February 1.
The Battenbergs will leave here on Februe

 

ary 4,

Lonpox, Jan. 31. -The Madrid corre-
spondent of the Daily Mail says that Prime
Minister Moret states that the official procla-

' mation of the betrothal of King Alfonso

and Princess Ena cannot be made until
after King Edward's visit to Madrid in
» April.

REPORTS $3,000 ROBBERY,

W. 8. Furman Says Jewel Case Was Taken
Prom Hits Wife's Roomina Boarding House,

A $3,000 robbery was reported at the
Tenderloin police station last night shortly
before midright by # man who said he was

W. oS. Furman, living at the St. Cecelia
boarding house, 37 West Thirty-second
street

Furman said that he had been out of
town for several days and when he re-
turned Jast night was informed by his wife
that a jewel case containing eight diamond
rings and a brooch set with diamonds had
disappeared from her room on the second

' foor during a short absence Monday night.

Furman said that neither he nor his wife
had any idea how the jewels had been
taken. He said that he would offer a $500
reward for the return of the rings. The
police believe that the robbery was an
“inside job,” and detectives were at once
detailed to question the servants at the
boarding house.

Furman refused to discuss the robbery;
saying that he was acting on the advice of
At the boarding house it was
said that nothing had been “heard of the
robbery.

 

 

SCHOOLBOY A) SUICIDE,

Sald to Have Been Desponitent Because His
Father and Mother Were Divorced,

Newrtran, N. Y., Jan. 80.—Frederick D,
Blakesley, 16 years old, committed suicide
last night at a private school for boys in
Fishkill Landing. He went to his room
This morning
the janitor found his body.

It is said that Blakesley received a letter
yesterday from his home at Waterbury,
Conn., stating that there was no possibility
of a reconciliation bet ween his parents, and
that despair over this led him to take his
life. Blakesley's father is a merchant in
Waterbury who was divorced recently.

 

SAYS HE HAS FASTED 335 DAYS.

Wanderecd Into Bellevue Psycopathic Ward
and Started Active Mating.

A‘tall, cadaverous individual, past middle
age, wandered into Bellevue last night
and asked to see Dr. Gregory, head of
the psycopathic ward. He bad both hands
full of manuscript. ©

“These are the formule IY have devised
as a solution of the vexed quéstion of living
without eating. I have followed the rules
faithfully since Christmas. For over a
month I have eaten nothing and have
drunk only ‘a thimbleful of water and a
thimbleful of coffee daily.”

The cadaverous man said he was Herman
Reakh, a waiter, of 154 East Twenty-eighth
street. He wanted Dr. SRCrY to try
his prescription on the inmates of the pay
copathic ward. The doctor agreed to do

 

1 so on the proviso that Reach should first

partake of a hearty meal. —

Reach consented readily. Late last
night he was still consuming food as fast
as a waiter could replenish the supply.

 

 

SAVANNAH LINE, to Florida. ‘Tickets at re-
duced rates sold to all Southern points. New
ships — street service, Pollte and attentive ofi-
ie.

 
 

 

er a oe
—

 

 

  

MISS ROOSEVELT’S BUSY DAY.

MEETS A LINER AND IS TRAILED
BY SNAPSHOTTERS.

 

 

With Mr. Longworth She Goes to the Dock
to Greet the Countess de Chambrun
—Stops in the Street to Speak to the
Camera Artists Who Are Following Her.

Miss Alice Roosevelt, who is in town with
Congressman Nicholas Longworth, to whom
she is engaged to be married, spent part of
yesterday on a trip to Hoboken with Mr.
Longworth to meet the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, on which was ‘the Countess de
Chambrun, Mr. Longworth's sister, The
Countess has come to America to attend
Miss Roosevelt's marriage.

The driver of the electric cab that bore
Miss Roosevelt and her fiancé to the foot
of Whitehall street did not know the loca-
tion of the dock of the revenue cutters,
which is next door to the Barge Office. He
let them out at the Governors Island land-
ing, a hundred feet East Riverward. There
Miss Roosevelt and Mr. Longworth were
discovered by some of the revenue cutter
men and steered into the iron gate next to
the Barge Office and downto the revenue
cutter landing.

Deputy Collector Williams and Capt.
Newcomb of the revenue cutter service
took charge of Miss Roosevelt and Mr.
Longworth and put them aboard the rev-
enue cutter Manhattan so swiftly that even
the most alert of the snapshot experts
barely had time to press their buttons be-
fore Pilot James Bradley, Jr., had the cutter
under way. Miss Roosevelt went into the
pilot house and young Bradley explained
to her everything visible afloat and ashore.
Naturally, when the Manhattan came
alongside of the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
the polite Germans wanted to have Miss
Alice come aboard by the companionway,
as princesses or potentates do. She waived
the privilege and declgred that the sea
ladder was good enough for her, Mr, Long-
worth was as anxious to dispense with
quarterdeck formalities as his fiancée,
and so the sea ladder was lowered from
the deck down the port side of the lofty liner,
aft. a

Mr. Longworth’s sister was at the rail to
receive her brother and her future sister-
in-law. Very few of the Kaiser's passen-
gers knew until after the ship was well on
her way to her dock that the President's
daughter was aboard. The party did not
come out on deck until the liner was in the
neighborhood of Liberty Island. Then
nearly all the other passengers made it a
point to stroll past Miss Roosevelt, the
Countess and Mr. Longworth, and make
a note of their appearance. While the
Countess was in her cabin Deputy Collector
Williams took her declaration, She had
nothing dutiable.

Hardly a soul of the several hundred on
the pier knew of the coming of Miss Roose-
yelt. They were informed by the photo-
graphic phalanx, which rushed toward the
gangplank and prepared to set off flash-
lights. Miss Roosevelt and Mr. Long-
worth walked awiftly to the elevator on the
pier to avoid a crowd which had gathered
to spe them. The Countess was much dis-
tressed Dy the demonstration, and was glad
apparently that her brother had taken the
mob away from her. A camera man set
off a flashlight with a bang that momen-
tarily startled the crowd and caused it to
fall back, under the impression that the
explosion was something serious,

Miss Roosevelt is staying with Mrs. Robert
Goelet, whose home is at 22 East Seventy-
second street. ‘The house was surrounded
early yesterday morning by a_ curious
crowd of photograph takers and of persons
who hoped to get a chance to see the Presi-
dent's daughter. Partly for that reason

Miss Roosevelt put off her visit to the milli- ;

ners and dressmakers who making
her wedding clothes.

Mrs. Goelet and Miss Roosevelt left the
house about 11 o'clock and drove to the
residence of Mrs. Ogden Mills, whose daugh-
ters are friends of Miss Roosevelt.

There the carriage was dismissed and a
little later Miss Roosevelt, with Mra. Goelet
and the Misses Mills, started to walk up
Fifth avenue to Mrs, Goelet's home.

On their way uptown they were so much
annoyed by men with cameras that Miss
Roosevelt stopped and asked them to give
up taking pictures of her. No attention
was paid to her request.

A number of dresses made for Miss Roose
velt were sent to Mrs, Goelet's home yes-
terday.

Miss Roosevelt was entertained at din-

ner last night by Mrs. Goelet. The other
guests’ were Mr. Longworth, the Count
and Countess de Chambrun, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Payne Whitney, Major Creighton
Webh, the Misses Mills, Lloyd Warren and
Alphonso de Navarro.
Following the dinner Mrs, Goelet took
her guests to the Madison Square Theatre
to see Henri de Vries in “A Case of Arson.”
Members of the Brook Club entertained
Mr. Longworth at a luncheon yesterday,
Thera were forty-seven members of the
club present and the luncheon was served
in the large billiard room.

are

 

TURNIPS FOR MISS ROOSEVELT,
Big Ones From Kansas as a Wedding Gift

-~Potatoes and Pumpkins, ‘Too.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 30.—The first inatal-
ment of wedding gifts for Mias Alice Roose-
velt has reached the White House. It is
turnips, the largest known in the art of
farming.

These mammoth affairs, “Col, Sellers
Fruit,” were shipped to Miss Roosevelt by
a toiler of the soil in Kansas, who says the
proud farmers of this country shall not
be outdone by the jewellers, and that they
are working hard to ;roduce the best pos-
sible growths this winter with which to
stock her cellar when she becomes Mrs.
Longworth.

Word has been sent that pugs potatoes
are on the way from South Dakota, where
they raise potatoes which are said to be
large enough for one potato to feed six
persons. Pumpkins are also coming from
South Dakota which are large enough to
furnish pies for the family for one winter.
The farmers all through Virginia are
saving their choic»st and bes. apples.

 

Capt. Cardiff’ May Lose License for ‘‘ Burne
ing the Scythian.”’

Boston, Mass., Jan. 30.—Because of his
testimony as to his setting fire to the steam
yacht Scythian off Marblehead in 1900
Capt. T. J. Cardiff has been ordered to ap-
war before the local board of steamboat
inspectors February 15 to show cause
why his captain's license shall not be taken
away from him.

QUICKEST DAILY FLORIDA TRAIN

js the Seaboard Florida Limited. Two other nied
class trains. Booklets at office, 1183 Broadway.—Adv.

Bedford Sparkling Water—-The Vint
Adds life and character to the high

 

 

ce Water”
Ade,

 

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY'’31; 1900,

er

‘Fair to-day, colder in the afternoon and nights
fair and somewhat coldetto-morrowe

LOCKHART LEFT $200,000,000.

Daughter, Disirherited Yor Marrying Poor
Dentist, Hasn't Settled Yet.

Pirrspura, Jan. 30.—The estate of the
late Charles Lockhart was one of the largest

 

 

in the world. Lookhart died worth $180,~

000,000 at the lowest estimate. The County
Board of Tax Revision has received from
the manager of the estate a statement
which has not been made public, but it
is admitted that the Lockhart estate is
close to the $200,000,000 mark.

Mrs. Dr. W. S. Flower, a daughter who
was cut off with the income of $300,000 for
life by her angry father because.she married
a poor dentist, has not, according to her
attorneys here, settled the case, though
it has been said that she is offered $30,000,000,
or about her full share, if she will agree
not to try to: open up the estate with
litigation.

TO REVIVE WEST STREET GRAR.

Coggeshall Puts in a Bill Extending Time
for Completion Ten Years.

ALBANY, Jan. 30.—A reminder of the
West street elevated railroad grab of a few
sessions ago was introduced to-day by
Senator Henry J. Coggeshall, in a bill ex-
tending for ten years from January 1, 1907,
the time for the completion of the New
York and New Jersey bridge.

The company in which Gen, Clarkson,
the surveyor of the port, was interested,
comtemplates the erection of a terminal
along the North River in the shape of an
elevated railroad structure extending from
Fifty-ninth street to the Battery. The
cHarter of the company was granted by the
Legislature in 1890 and it has’ had a pre-
carious career in the Legislature, endeavor-
ing to keep its charter alive and to secure
additional corporate facilities in order to
make the charter salable.

TO JAIL TO SAVE A THIEF.

 

 

 

Refuses to Betray Confidence Given Under
Pledge by Express Robber.

Mempuis, Tenn., Jan, 30,—On November
9, 1905, a $10,000 money package was stolen
from the office of the Southern Express
Company at New Albany, Miss, A few
days later the thief sought Dr. M. F. Rogers
and, pledging him to secrecy, returned the
package intact, The doctor turned the
package over to Express Detective Burns,
stating that while he knew the thief he was
bound by honor not to reveal the name.

The Grand Jury sought to force from
Dr. Rogers the identity of the thief, and the
judge threatened a heavy penalty should
he persist in refusing to divulge the name.

Dr. Rogers said to the Court: “May your
Honor please, I do not desire to show any
difespect to this court, but Tam in honor
bound not to disclose the name of that one
who returned the money to me, You may
deprive me of my liberty but you can't take
from me my sacred honor.”

Despite the efforts of his friends the
doctor will probably have to serve a prison
term for contempt.

NEW YORK'S DEFENCES 0. K.

Army Board Finds Them as Nearty Perfect
as Possible.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 8).--The report of the
Army Board on coast defence and fortifica-
tions, commonly known as the Taft) board,
which was appointed by President Roose-
velt last spring to revise the existing plan
and scheme for coast and harbor defence,
has completed its report and it will prob-
ably be submitted to Secretary Taft within
a few days.

The report has not
It is known, however, that the board after
a thorough investigation considers the
| defences of New York to be as nearly per-
fect now as possible, and it is understood
no changes will be recommended there

a

heen made public.
'

GO AFTER INSURANCE GRAFT.

Pennsylvania Legistature Wil Probe De-

partment From Its Origin.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 30.--The Governor
to-day signed the sweeping resolution

| adopted last night calling for a rigid investi-
gation of the insurance department since
its establishment in 1891,

The bipartisan committee is directed to

which fees aggregating $50,000 a year have
| been taken by the insurance commissioners

through the diversion of moneys received

from insurance companies. The commis-
sioners who will be summoned are Jsrael
| W. Durham, late boss of Philadelphia; Col,
| Jame& P. Lambert, one of the editors of the
| Philadelphia Preas, and George B. Luper,
now the president of an insurance company
in New York.

NOT THE REAL GIORGIONE.
Itallan Critics Say Mrs. Jack Gardner Has
Only a Copy.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
MILAN, Jan. 30.—The State Attorney of
Vicenza has entered an action in connection
with the clandestine sale of Giorgione’s
painting “Christ Bearing the Cross,” now in
possession of Mrs. Jack Gardner of Boston,
Two eminent critics state, however, that

Mrs. Gardner's picture is a copy.

PLUNKITT'S HALF MILLION

On the City’s Books Is Only 8136,500, on
Which City Pays 17 1-2 Per Cent. a Vear.

George W. Plunkitt Monday
night that he wouldn't
the six stables he rents to the city for the
Street Cleaning Department and that the
$24,050 he gets as rental for the stables is
not 6 per cent. on his investment.

The books of the Tax Department show
that the total assessment on the six stables
is $186,500, on which $24,050 would he 17'4
per cent. But the assessment may be too
low.

 

 

said on

 

FREE PASS TO WHISKEY.

Maybe It Will Soothe Some Souls Bereft of
Free Travel.
| A firm of Kentucky whiskey distillers is
issuing annual passes. One of the passes
| entitles the holder to a sample bottle of
the firm's whiskey as often as he presents
| it at any of the company's offices in the
year 1906. The pass is made of blue card-
yoard and is just about the right size fora
The face of the pass says:
1005-1906,

Pass Mr. Blank until December 31, 1908,
unless otherwise ardered, for a sample of
whiskey. ’
The pass is signed ty the president and

nerat manager of the company.
yack is the number and also the addresses
of the various distributing offices at which
the pass will be.honored. A sample bottle,
it is said, contains about a pint.

vest pocket.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss Koentgin Lulse, Bremen, Jan. 20: sg
San Marcos, Brupswick, Jan. 28; 58 Georgia, Naples
Jan, 14.

 
    

 

 

Arion Ball,
adison Square Garden,
¥, Feb, Ott, 1006,—A de,

 

sell for $500,000 |

 

inquire into and report on the methods by |

 

———d

PRICE TWO CENTS.

——.

TIM BUSTS THAT MAJORITY,

COLER HELPS OVERCOME ODDS
IN BOARD OF ALDERMEN.

 

 

R. and M. 0. Members Desert Meyers on
Two Votes-—He Talks About Doses of
Tammany Softsoap—The Deserters Say
He Is Too Dictatorial to Sult Them.

The Republican and Municipal Owners
ship Teague majority in the Board of
Aldermen went to pieces yesterday on two
votes. Out of the seventy-nine votes in
the board the combination forces had
fifty, a sufficiently large margin, it was
thought at the beginning of the year, to
prevent Tammany from ever bagging
a victory. From the start Little Tim was
never cast down. More than once he has
told his friends to wait and see something
happen. He was in a minority at the out-
set in the Low government, but in less
than six months he had turned it into @
majority, turned out the Republicans
from the chairmanship of the committees,
deposed Herbert Parsons from the chair
manship of the Finance Committee, which
carried with it a seat on the Sinking Fund
Commission, and put John T,
his place.

The fight yesterday began on a question
of salary increase. Alderman Meyers,
leader of the majority and also chairman
of the Committee on Salaries and Offices,
presented a report requesting the Board
of Estimate to make it a rule to ree
ceive applications for salary increases
at only one period each year, preferably
when the budget was being made up. The
Tammany meinbers objected to what they ,
termed this muzzling process, but it was
left to a Republican, Hann of Brooklyn,
to move that the report be laid on the table, .
The vote was a tie and the report was made
a special order for next week's meeting.

Then came another report from Mr.
Meyers's committee. Two weeks ago
Comptroller Metz asked that the salary of
Oliver EF. Stanton, his private secretary,
be raised from §$3,000 to $5,000 a year.
The Board of Estimate approved of
the increase, hut the committee reported
that $5,009 was too much and recommended
$4,000.

Alderman Doull (lam. charged the
majority with trying to upset precedents.
It had always been the custom of the Ale
dermen, he said, to allow the head of the
department to determine the merits of the
men under him and to be the judge of the
salaries which should be paid to thei,
Other Tammany men took the same stand,

Alderman Meyers said there was no justifies
cation for giving a city official a two-thirds
increase and whilethe vote was being taken
on a motion to make it $5,000 and he saw
that some of the majority were deserting
him he remarked that it was evident that
certain members whom he regarded as cole
leagues had been overcome by “doses of
Tammany softsoap.”

Tammany won by 40 votes to 87, As
soon as it dawned on Little ‘Tim that be had
a chance to win he sent several messengers
scurrying to round up as many Tammany
members us possible. ‘The call for absense
tees was insisted upon three times and there
was considerable laughter when Borsugh
President Ahearn came hurrying in and
shouted aye as did two other members
who entered the chamber on the run. These
are the Republican and M. Q, members
who forsook their allegiance te ti daa jority
and went over to the opposition:

Clifford (M.0., Brooklyn), Ellery (Rep,
Brooklyn, Falk (M. ©., Brooklyit, Hann
(Rep., Brooklyn, Hatten cep., Manhattan),
Herold (M. O., Brookivor, Kline hep. Brooke
Ive, Kueh «Rep., Brooklyn, Lawlor cRep,,
Brooklyn, Markert cRep,, Brooklyn, Rede
mond iM. O., Brooklyn, Rendt CRep., Riche
mond), Rowerott OM. O., Brooklyni, Wenta
(Rep, Brooklyia., President Bermel (Repre
M. O., Queens) and President Coler (M, O,,
Brooklyn).

Another attack was made on Alderman
Meyers's position when Borough President
Coler introduced a resolution calling for
the appointment of a special comrmnittee
to investigate the merger of the local trace
tion interests. Under the new regulations
the appointment of special committoes must
be left to the committee on rules, which
is made up of Aldermen Meyers, Goodman
MeCall. Mr, Meyers suggested that the
resolution should go to his committee as
provided for by the rules, At once there

was a general attack on Mr, Meyers. Ale
derman Wafer moved that the railroad:
committee should be substituted for the

special committee and he and other meme
bers, some of whorn were Republicans, ins
sisted that if the power of appointing the
special committees was be vested in
the Meyers committee the sooner all the
standing. committees were wiped out the
better, because there would be no work of
importance left for them to do, Ultie
mately Mr. Wafer’s amendment was adopted

to

by 46 votes to 2. Alderman Wafer also
gave notice that at the next meeting of
ithe board he would move to amend the

rules,

Mr. Meyers has apparently become une
popular in the board, After the meeting
several of the majority who voted against
him said that he was dictatorial in his
methods and that under his rule they were

' coming toa point where their only funetion

would be to vote as they were directed,

WOULD INVESTIGATE INTER-MET.

Ash for 825,000 to Spend tn
Merger Inquiry.

Aldermen

The Alderinen are apparently bent on
investigating. Already some half a dozen
investigating committees Rave heen ape
pointed, two new ones yesterday. Borough
President Coler of Brooklyn introduced a
resolution calling for an investigation of
the Inter-Met traction merger. Included
in the resolution was a clause asking the
Board of Estimate to appropriate $25,000
to pay the expenses of the inquiry.

Alderman Mulligan (M. 0.) offered a reso=
lution for the appeintinent of a special
committee to investigate the conditions
under which the Steinway tunnel is being
constructed and ascertain if the “attempted
steal of a franchise worth $10,000,000 is
being carried on with the aid of official per-

| mits for blasting and erecting sheds and

On the |

other obstructions in Forty-second street.”
Both resolutions were adopted, but some
doubt of the jurisdiction of the Aldermen
was expressed, When the last board began
an investigation of the holdup of the Port
Chester franchise witnesses refused to
answer and it was decided that the Aldere
men had no authority to insist on answers,

ON THE LAKE SHORE LIMITED
there are sleeping cars for St. Louls and Cineins
nati, with perfect service, Leaves New York every
day at 5.30 P.M. via New York Central Lines. No
excess fare,—Ade,

McCall in

Se,

|

i
§
'

la neat

 

er

(ile

acannon. ~pamnneaamenetan