en

 

“Vol. LEXL—NO. 316,

=

WAR

CONFERENCE ON AT MIDNIGHT
AD PRESIDENT’S HOME.

 

 

Roosevelt, Fairbanks and Cortelyou Going
Over Sitaation, With Special Atten-
tion to Recent Democratic Develop-
mente—Bliss Saw the President Early.

oyster Bay, L. I, July 11.—By far the
most important Republican conference
of the campaign thus far is being held to-
night at Sagamore Hill between President
Roosevelt, Senator Fairbanks and George
R. Cortelyou, chairman of the Republican
pational committee.

This conference follows one held this
afternoon between the President and Mr.
Cortelyou and C. N. Bliss, treasurer of the
Republican national committee. It has
been in progress since early this evening
ip the library of the President's home,
and it will extend into the small hours of
ihe morning.

Plans for the campaign are being mapped
out with special attention to the develop-
ments of the last few days in the Demo-
cratic situation, and the candidates’ letters
and speeches of acceptance are being
whipped into shape. .

Mr. Bliss's visit at Sagamore Hill had to
do chiefly with the general conduct of the
cainpaign, while the meeting to-night re-
lates more particularly to the part which
Senator Fairbanks is to take personally,

Senator Fairbanks was scheduled to ar-
rive on the 5 o'clock train, and the Presi-
dent's carriage was at the station when it
pulled in. While the President's driver
and the Secret Service agents were looking
for the Senator's tall figure in the crowd
that was getting off the train a messenger
from the Executive office ran up with a
telegram from the Senator saying that he
had missed connections in Long Island
City. It was not known then just when
he would arrive, but Secretary Loeb or-
dered that the President's carriage should
meet every incoming train.

There were only about one hundred per-
sons at the station when the train bearing
the Vice-Presidential nominee came in,
about 7 o'clock. Nobody was there to
represent the President officially. There
were a few cries of “Oh, there he goes,”
from the natives and a little rush in the
direction of the car platform where the
Senator was standing, but no demonstra-
tion.

Senator Fairbanks said he had no com-
ments to make at present on either the
Democratic candidates or the Democratic
platform. He did not know how long he
would remain at Sagamore Hill, but he
thought, he said, that he would have the
matters which were to come up for con-
sideration pretty well threshed over by to-
morrow afternoon and in that event he
probably should not stay longer than to-
morrow night.

The Senator jumped into the open car-
riage and started up Audrey avenue. Near
the Four Corners stood Thomas J. Ellison,
president of the Oyster Bay Theodore
Roosevelt Republican Club, who conducted
the reception in honor of the President's
homecoming a week ago.

Ellison stood ready to unfurl the Roose-
velt and Fairbanks banner across the
street as the Senator came up in the car-
riage. He pulled the ropes all right but
there was a hitch of some sort in the tackle,
and the Fairbanks picture on the east side
of the banner lapped over on the west side
so that Mr. Roosevelt's picture was hidden
from view and the banner, besides showing
two Fairbanks pictures, read “Fairbanks
and Fairbanks.”

The Senator looked up at the banner,
then at Ellison, who from his place on the
sidewalk couldn't see that there was any-
thing amiss. The Senator burst out into
a hearty laugh. Then Ellison took off his
hat, bowed low, and Mr. Fairbanks ac-
knowledged the reception by bowing gra-
clously. There were several schoolgirls
standing on the Four Corners, and they
waved their hands and cheered.

It was about 7:30 o'clock when the Sena-
tor reached Sagamore Hill. As the carriage
came up the incline the President stepped
out on the veranda, advanced down the
steps and greeted the Senator warmly shak-
ing hands. It was the first time the Presi-
dent had seen Mr. Fairbanks since the
ticket was named at Chicago.

Standing on the veranda was Chairman
Cortelyou, who had arrived at Sagamore
Hill on a morning train. The three sat
down to dinner soon after the Senator's
arrival, and as soon as the meal was over
entered into the conference on the campaign
plans. The conference was still in progress
ata late hour to-night.

Cornelius N. Bliss, treasurer of the Repub-
ican national committee, who visited
Sagamore Hill to-day, expected to see
Senator Fairbanks at the station on the
srrival of the 5 o'clock train, but the Sena-
tor's delay in getting here upset Mr. Bliss's
plans, and he left town without having a
talk with Mr. Fairbanks. Mr. Bliss refused
to discuss his visit with the President be-
yond saying that it had to do altogether
with the regular routine work with which
tho treasurer of the national committee is
concerned. He said that the campaign
headquarters will be opened in New York
about Aug. 1.

Mr. Cortelyou was not prepared to dis-
‘uss any plans of the campaign, but he
might, he said, have something to say
before he left Oyster Bay. He did not ex-
pect to remain later than to-morrow after-
noon

Catries R. Skinner, former State Super-
intendent of Schools, came to see Chairman
“ortelyou on private business to-day.

ODELL HERE T0-DAY.

Maybe the Candidate for Governor Will Be
Decided On This Week.

Governor-Chairman Odell will get here
‘o-diy and stay until the end of the
week, He will see Senator Platt either
io-day or to-morrow, and on Thursday
he has planned to go to Oyster Bay
'o See the President again. The pur-
pose of these conferences is to agree,
is far as inay be ible at this early
“age, on the candidate for the Govern-
rship. It was said last night at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel that before the Governor-
Chairman returned bome next Saturday
something definite might develop as to the
Rapublican candidate.

 

 

 

Kiohard Watson Gilder Better.
i PITTSFIELD. Mass., July 11.—Richard
‘‘atson (iilder, editor of the Century, who

‘vas stricken with appendicitis at Four Brook
arm, his country place in Tyringham,

yesterday, is muoh improved to-
“av by nis physician, Dr. Charles MoBur-
hey of New York, who was summoned
[rom Stockbridge yosterday to end Mr.
der, An epsration will not neves-

~

 
 

 

COUNCIL AT OYSTER BAY |*%4¥¥#0 70 now, napzy nvr.)

pe Ladder, Made by Negro Hotel Cook,
Lets Him Fall From Window.

Guests of the Hotel Grampion at 182
8t Nicholas avenue were startled by a
crash about 11 o’clock last night. From

somewhere in the courtyard moans and
yells of pain added to the alarm

Jobn Willard, an elevator boy, ran down
stairs and found John E Cookeon, the Weat
Indian negro cook at the hotel, lying on
the bricks with a fractured skull, a broken
arm and other injuries. Then he saw a
rope ladder made of a blanket and a sheet
hanging from the bedroom window of
Joseph Tucoulat, who runs the hotel café.

A. N. Bressel, who owns the hotel, was
not there, but his daughter, Annie, thought
it was a case for the police and telephoned
the West 125th streetypolice station. De-
tective Hawthorne and Patrolman Williams
came on the run,

They investigated the rope ladder and
then told Miss Bressel and Tucoulot that
the West Indian had undoubtédly planned
to rob and perhaps murder Tucoulot. The
flimsy support broke under the negro’s
weight as he was trying to crawl into the
manager's room.

Tucoulat took charge of the café yester-
day. When he came he exhibited a big
roll of bills. He took the silverware of the
café to his room when he went to bed last
night. Cookson, who has been employed
as cook at the hotel for three weeks, saw
all these things, the other employees say,
and last evening he acted peculiarly. His
room is just above Tucoulat’s, and the rope
ladder had been stretched from his bed-
room window to a window of Tucoulat’s
room.

Cookson was sent under arrest to the
J. Hood Wright Hospital. When he was
searched a lead “blackjack” covered with
rubber hose was found on him.

There wasn't much sleep at the Grampion
last night.

STORM DAMAGE AT WORLD'S FAIR.

Big Wind With Hall Hite St. Louls and
Leaves a Trail of Wreckage.

St. Lovrs, July 11.—A tropical rain shower
with wind and hail swept over this city
this afternoon, doing great damage. The
maximum velocity of the wind was 68 miles
an hour and the minimum 45.

Houses on Twentieth street were un-
roofed, plate glass windows in office build-
ings in the businvss section were blown in,
vehicles were overturned and the horses
drawing them entangled in the wreckage.

The greatest excitement prevailed at
the World's Fair grounds, where scores of
women fainted. Staff ornamentation on
the . Manufactures Building was blown
down and a mammoth skylight on the
Palace of Education fell in with a crash.

Lightning struck the southeast corner
of the Agricultural Building, the largest
structure on the grounds, during the storm,
tearing away a portion of the roof and de-
molishing two flagstaffs.

At the Union racetrack one horse was
killed by lightning and a carriage horse
was crushed beneath a falling tree. The
only casualty reported is that of Thomas
O'Toole, who was struck by lightning
while in front of his home, 4649 Greer ave-
nue. Beautiful Lion Park, in the southern
part of the city, was devastated, trees
being torn up by their roots

The steeple and part of the building
proper of the North Presbyterian Church,
Eleventh and Chambers streets, were blown
down. Street car traffic was interrupted
on many of the lines, and telegraph and
telephone service put out of commission.

St. Loulsans have not yet recovered
from the tornado scare, and when the storm
blew up many sought refuge in cellars.
Fortunately the storm was of brief dura-
tion.

ALL

Bat You Don’t Catch Me Waltzing With
Goodwin if I Have to Spiel Alone,

Big Bill Devery left his golden chariot
and summer residence at Arverne last
night and came to this city to look over
the political situation, A Sun reporter
found him sitting on the Pump at Twenty-
eighth street and Eighth avenue giving
orders about a meeting of the William 8S.
Devery Association to be held to-night.

“What do you think of the Democratic
ticket?” the former chief was asked.

“Great,” he replied. “Parker is the goods
and he'll win. Sound money and all kinds
of money is to the bad now. Parker's the
real thing. Money ain't no issue.”

“Well, what is the live issue?” Mr. Devery
was asked,

“Democrats get together, that’s the issue.
All hands waltz and quit chewing the rag
and scrapping.”

“Do you mean by that that you are going
to stop fighting and harmonize with Good-
win?” the reporter asked Bill.

“Not on your life,” he snapped. “I’m
an independent and I don't have to get
together.”

CHIMAY SEEKS LOST BEAUTY.

e
Eleping Princess's Face Has Turned Purple
From Previous Treatment.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sux.

Jonpon, July 11,--Ex-Princess Chimay,
who eloped some years ago with the gypsy
Rigo and, os previously reported, was mar-
ried at the Italian Consulate in Paris three
weeks ago to an Italian of the name of
Ricciardi, whom she first saw when she,
with Rigo, was visiting Mount Vesuvius,
where Ricciardi was station master, is now
in London undergoing treatment to re-
store the skin on her face to its original
condition.

Some time ago she had her cheeks tattooed
to make them rosy, but subsequently the
material used caused them to turn purple.
She reosived the correspondent of THE
Sun to-day wearing a mask.

She again related her story as told
above, and described Ricciardi as “the
divinest model of manly beauty that ever
an artist could desire.”

BRYAN STARTS FOR HOME.

His Condition Only Slightly Impreved
When He Left 6, Louis.

Sr. Louis, July 11.—William J. Bryan
left St. Louis this afternoon for home,
somewhat rested, but far from well after
his convention labors.

Mr. Bryan was taken from the hotel to
the home of his cousin, Dr. M. Dwight
Jennings, where he could be secluded from
callers. Dr. Jennings said ea Bryan's

ition had improved htly. is tem-
ee was declining af 5 indications
were that he would soon be of fever,
The diagnosis was a slight attack of bron-
chial

Senator W. J

Sease, som

 

 

 

WALTZ, SAYS DEVERY.

 

 

 

 

but

.

 

NEW YORK; TUESDAY;

   

C.M, SCHWAB PAID $1,910,000,

PROTECTED FRIENDS IN BETH-
LEHEM CO. FROM LOSS.

 

 

Called Meeting When Untermyer Suit
Against Shipbuilding Co. Was Begun
and Explained Evil Prospect—Ssold
Gilt Edged Securities to Make Good.

In connection with the resignation of
Charles M. Schwab from the directorate of
the United States Steel Corporation, in
order to devote his entire attention to his
many other interests, and particularly to
the reorganized United States Shipbuilding
Company, a friend of Mr, Schwab told
yesterday a story bearing on the Bethlehem
Steel Company and its purchase from Mor-
gan & Co. and gale to the Shipbuilding com-
pany, which’is among the most remarkable
in the annals of Wall Street.

According to this story, which may be
taken as absolutely true, Mr. Schwab
returned to friends of his who participated
in the purchase of the Bethlehem company
from Morgan & Co, nearly $2,000,000 in cash,
in order that there might be no slightest
question of his having invited them into a
transaction which should prove as disastrous
asthe Shipbuilding affair did. The story
as told by Mr. Schwab's friend is this:

“When Morgan & Co. were looking for a
purchaser for the Bethlehem Steel Com-
pany they suggested to Mr. Schwab, who
was at that time president of the Steel cor-
poration, that, inasmuch as he had ex-
ceptional knowledge of the steel business
and confidence in the Bethlehem plant, he
should take it over. He accepted this offer
and paid for the Bethlehem company
$8,000,000.

“In the course of the transaction, Mr.
Schwab communicated with personal
friends of many years standing, some of
whom had been engaged with him in steel
making, and told them that he deemed the
Bethlehem property a splendid investment
and offered them, if they desired, an oppor-
tunity to participate in its ownership. A
number of Mr. Schwab's friends took ad-
vantage of this offer and participated in the
purchase to the extent of approximately
$1,010,000. Mr. Schwab furnished the $6,-
000,000 necessary to make up the purchase
price of $8,000,000.

“Some time later, the Bethlehem property
was sold to the Shipbuilding company and
Mr. Schwab and his friends who had shared
the control of the Bethlehem company re-
ceived,as is well known, Shipbuilding se~-
curities and Bethlehem bonds as a part of
the price paid for it.

“The matter rested there until Mr. Schwab
was served with the complaint in the famous
Untermyer suit. He determined at once
to fight this suit to the end and realized
fully that among the possibilities of the
suit were the ultimate destruction of the
Shipbuilding company and a liberal spat-
tering of mud for himself. He also real-
ized that the effects would go, beyond him-
self,to the harm of those friends who on
his invitation had gone into the Bethlehem
company with him and whose money and
profits were largely represented by Ship-
building securities.

“Without hesitation, he invited all these
friends to his office and told them, when
the little conference was open, the evil
aspect of affairs. He ,told them that he
felt accountable to them for the results
of their investment in the Bethlehem com-
pany and its subsequent transfer to the
Shipbuilding company, and added that it
would be both a privilege and a pleasure
to return to them the $1,010,000 which they
had put into the Bethlehem company.

“There were, naturally, some objections
by Mr. Schwab's friends, who were loyal
to a man and who exonerated him entirely
from any foreknowledge of the turn which
affaira had taken, but, with two exceptions,
they yielded before his insistence.

“You will remember,” added this friend
of Mr. Schwab, “that in the summer of
1903 Wall Street was most curious to learn
the source of the selling of such high grade
investment securities as St. Paul, Chicago
and Northwestern and other stocks. I
assure you that the bulk of th's selling
was due to Mr. Schwab's determination to
repay these friends. He disposed of prac-
tically $2,000,000 worth of the highest grade
securities in the market, at no inconsiderable
loss to himself, and the cash obtained fiom
their sale, amounting to $1,910,000, he turned
over to these friends, receiving in return
much of the preferred and common stock
of the United States Shipbuilding Company,
which was afterward wiped out to permit
the reorganization.”

 

BURR MINTOSH'S VOICE,

 

He Tried It at a Fire and Found It in Good
Working Order..

Since Burr McIntosh quit the stage to
go in the photographic business he has not
had many opportunities to use his voice
in public. He got a chance last night.

While passing 24 West Thirty-third street
he saw little curls of smoke coming from
the second story windows. He inflated his
lungs and yelled, “Fire! Police! Fire!”

Every one on the block, including the
patrons of the Waldorf-Astoria, was aroused.
MclIntosh's cries brought a crowd in which
there were several policemen. The first
policeman to arrive turned in an alarm
from the corner.

When the firemen arrived the fire, which
started on the second floor, had eaten into
the third. Both floors are occupied by M.
Block, manufacturer of children's clothing.
The fire itself did not amount to much,
but there was a good deal of smoke, which
blew into the open windows of the Waldorf,
across the way. The smoke and Burr
MclIntosh's voice scared some of the guests.
The damage was $2,000

 

UNTERMYERS IN AN ACCIDENT.

 

Carriage of Son and Daughter of the
Lawyer Upeet and Ran Into by a Car.

Yonxers, N. Y., July 11.—Miss Irene Un-
termyer and Alvin Untermyer, daughter
and son of Samuel Untermyer, were
thrown out of a runabout wagon this even-
ing and considerably shaken up. They
were driving along the Palisade avenue
extension a short distance from their home
when a wheel encountered a sunken switch
on the trolley road.

Before the boy who was driving could
extricate the vehicle a trolley car ran them
down. The young people were upset into
the roadway, but sustained no serious
injury. The horse ran away. Mr. Unter-
myer said to-night that the accident would
not interfere with the family 's trip to Europe
which begins to-morrow.

leave peee bovine Peveete Veaitie—aer

i
; Ne

 

 

W. A. CLARK'S SECRET WEDDING.

The Senator Married in France Three
Years Ago, It Is Announced.

The marriage of Senator W. A. Clark to
Miss Anna KE. La Chapelle, in Marseilles,
France, on May 25, 1901, wasannounced in
this city last night.

The announcement is accompanied by
the statement that Senator and Mrs, Clark
are the parents of a daughter now two
years old. Mrs. Clark is the daughter of
the late Dr. Chappelle, who died in Chicago
some years ago.

Senator Clark is 65 years old. He was
born in. Connellsville, Pa. Hiak parents
moved to Iowa in 1856 and he taught school
there and in Missouri. At the same time
he studied law for two years at Mount
Pleasant University. He was interested
in mining, and in 1862 took six yoke of oxen
across the plains to Montgomery, Col., and
went in for practical mining. In 1872 he
came East and togk a two years course in
assaying, engineering and metallurgy at
Columbia University.

Senator Clark's income was recently
estimated at $1,000,000 a month, which he
derived principally from mining properties.

In 1869 he married Katherine L. Stauffer
of Connellsville, Pa. They had six children,
four of whom are living.

LIGHTNING KILLS PLAYERS.
A Left Fielder and a Second Baseman
Struck Down—Others Injured.
McKeesport, Pa., July 11.—Charles F-
Jeffries, left fielder of the Johnstown Base-
ball Club, was struck by lightning this

afternoon and instantly killed.

With the sun shining through a small
cloud, the 500 spectators in the stands were
startled by the loud report of thunder that
accompanied a flash of lightning that struck

Jeffries on the head above the left ear. |

The Johnstown team had been practising

on the field, and had just been called to the |

bench to allow the game to start.

Jeffries was walking across the diamond |

when he was killed. Two other players
were knocked down and badly shocked.
Rain did not fall before or after the single
bolt of lightning struck the player.

CUMBERLAND, Md., July 11.—Joseph
Barrett, a son of Samuel Barrett of South
Cumberland, was killed by lightning while
playing second base on the Baltimore and
Ohio roundhouse ball grounds this after-
noon.

The bolt entered Barrett's ear and passed
through his body. His hair was singed
and his face and body disfigured. Charles
McGowan and James T. Wigg, two com-
panions with whom he was playing, were
badly shocked.

 

GIRLS HORSEWHIP INSULTER.

 

Seven Utah Young Women Seize 8 Man
and Beat Him Severely.
MILForD, Utah, July 11.—John McKean,
agent of the Continental Oil Company,
is said to have made improper remarks
concerning young women of Milford, and
as a result was severely horsewhipped by

seven of them last night.

McKean was calling on Miss Ada Pratt
when a messenger asked him to step outside.
He declined to come out, anda few minutes
later the house was stormed by the young
women, who brought him out by force.
He was thrown on the porch and beaten
for several moments with rawhides while
Miss Pratt and her mother stood by scream-
ing.

After McKean had washed the blood
from his face and had his cuts dressed, he
endeavored to have the young women
arrested, but was not successful, Those
who took part in the whipping were Misses
Mollie Forgie, Ella Hutchins, Marie
Hutchins, Lottie Barton, Josie Sherwood,
Ada Jennings and Rose Jones. McKean
left town this morning.

 

TURNED UP AFTER 35 YEARS.

 

Civil War Veteran Spent Most of It in Jatl,
Though He Was Innocent.

BELLEFONTE, Pa., July 11.—After thirty-
five years of absence, in which he had been
given up for dead, David Smith, a civil war
veteran, turned up here to-day and made
application for a pension,

Smith had been twenty-one years in a
Texas jail, serving a life sentence for mur-
dering a Sheriff. He was pardoned after
the real murderer had confessed on his
deathbed to the crime.

Smith went into the Regular army after
the civil war, serving for several years.
He finally got to Dallas, Tex., and while
there became involved in a riot, during
which a Sheriff's deputy was killed. Smith
was accused of the murder, found guilty
and sentenced to prison for life. He didn’t
write to his family, preferring that they
think him dead.

When he had served twenty-one years
five months and twenty days, one of the
gang who had been in the riot died in the
South. He confessed on his deathbed to
the murder of the deputy. Smith was im-
mediately pardoned, He was given what
money he had possessed when arrested
and started home. He rode as far as St.
Louis and walked the rest of the distance.
He found that his parents and brothers had

died.
PRISONER”

 

WITH GOLD TOOTH.

 

Woman’s Arrest Brings Another Woman
From Lynbrook to Inquire.

A woman with a gold tooth in her upper
jaw on the right side was arrested yester-
day afternoon outside the Herald Square
Hotel as a shoplifter. She had gone into a
Broadway dry goods store across the way
from the hotel. Margaret McAntee, a sales-
woman, says she saw the woman steal a
$46 skirt.

At the Tenderloin station the prisoner
refused to tell her name or anything about
herself. She cried and said her arrest would
disgrace her. As she was leaving the police
station for Jefferson Market court she said
she was a servant. In court she was held
for further examination under a fictitious
name.

Another woman called at the station last
night and on learning that a woman with
a gold tooth had been arrested said:

“She is my cousin and she must be crazy
to steal anything. She don't have to steal,
the Lord kng@s. She comes from a good
family and the only excuse I can find for
her is that she is out of her mind. She
left home Sunday afternoon and we did not
know what had become of her. A friend
of the family saw her being arrested on
the street and tele,, soned to Lynbrook, L. I.
I Just came from there ”

The woman was told she would find her
‘cousin ip the Jeterson Market puck prison.

}

JULY 125 1904.—Copvriont, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

GIRL BROUGHT HOME DRUGGED

 

LURED AWAY BY LETTER FROM
WOMAN WITH GREEN VEIL,

Minnie Bardorf Thought to Be Dying in
Hospital After Answering “Important”
Call—Hour Lost by Dooter’s Blunder
—The Police Suspect a Vile Pilot.

Minnie Bardorf, a hairdresser at 81 West
102d street, is in the J. Hood Wright Hospi-
tal, dying from opium poisoning, the doc-
torssay. Her death is considered so certain
that the Coroner has been notified and deteo-
tives put on the case to find the woman who
sent for the girl yesterday afternoon and
brought her home last evening more dead
than alive.

Minnie is tall, dark eyed, brown haired
and of beautiful figure. She was out yes-
terday afternoon at 1 o'clock when a cab
drove up to the house and a woman stepped
out. The caller was well dressed and
apparently about 35 years old. A notice-
able feature of her dreas was a straw turban
draped with a long green veil.

The woman asked Mrs. Caroline Pabst,
Minnie’s mother, if Minnie was at home.
When she found that the girl had gone out
she took an envelope from her chatelaine,
wrote an address on it, asked Mrs, Pabst
to give it to Minnie as soon as she got home
and to tell the girl that it was very impor-
tant. She nodded brightly and drove away.

About half an hour later Minnie came
home. Her mother gave her the envelope and
told her that the visitor had said that it was
important. Miss Bardorf read the address
and seemed very much surprised. She told

| her mother that she would go to the address
written on the envelope to see what it all
meant. She left, taking the envelope with
her.

About 5 o'clock, the same woman and
| Minnie were seen on the street walking
toward the girl's home, Miss Bardorf
| swayed and staggered and leaned heavily
: on the arm of the woman who wore the
green veil, Near the house the woman
| called some children and said:
| “You look after this girl. She's in a
| bad way, Don't let her hurt herself.”
| Then she glanced quickly around, hesi-
' tated a moment and slipped around the
| corner of the street.

Miss Bardorf collapsed on the porch un-
conscious, a curious look about her drawn,
white face.

Mrs. Pabst, thoroughly alarmed, called
for a doctor near by. He came, took a look
at the girl and dismissed the case with:

“This girl is drunk, plain drunk; nothing
more.”

That didn't satisfy the mother. She knew
Minnie took a glass of wine now and then
by order of Dr. James McInerny, the family
physician, but she had never known her to
be intoxicated in the slightest degree.
So she called Dr. McInerny, When he came
an hour later, one glance was enough to
bring from him:

“Your daughter has been poisoned. I
think she is dying now,”

He advised immediate removal to a
hospital. Policeman Sullivan called for an
ambulance. Dr. Fahnestock, who came
with one, said:

“It looks like opium poisoning.
believe we can save her life.”

Mrs. Pabst, by Dr. McInerny’s advice,
reported the matter to Sergt. Devery, on
duty at the West 100th street police station.
The sergeant put Detectives McManus and
Short on the case, and the first thing they
did was to try to locate the mysterious
woman,

Mrs. Pabst remembered that the ad-
dress written on the envelope left by the
woman with the green veil was a house in
104th street, somewhere between Manhat-
tan and Columbus avenues. The detec-
tives went through that neighborhood with
a finetooth comb, but they were unable to
find a trace of a woman of the decription
of Miss Bardorf's caller.

The detectives say that the pretty girl
was the victim of one of a class of women
who make it a business to lure attractive
girls from home on some pretext or other,
and overcome them by doctored drinks.

 

I don’t

 

 

STOCKYARDS STRIKE ON.

 

Twelve Thousand Called Out in Kansas
City—40,000 May Be Affected.

Cuicaao, July 11.—Michael Donnelly,
president of the Amalgamated Meat Cut-
ters’ and Butcher Workmen's Union, has
sent out a call from the local headquarters
in Chicago for the strike of 12,000 men and
women employed in the Kansas City pack-
ing houses.

This is the first step in what may be a
general strike of stockyards employees
throughout the country, involving 40,000
workers. Donnelly's letter dated to-day,
says: “Call out all men at noon to-morrow
unless otherwise ordered. Instruct each
man to take all his tools when leaving the
plant and proceed direct to his home.
During the strike all are ordered to obey
the laws and use no violence toward any
one.”

If astrike is called in Kansas City it will
almost certainly be extended to Chicago and
other cities. following are the cities and
number of wage earners to be affected if the
expected strike is general: Chicago, 18,000;
St. Paul, 2,000; Sioux City, 1,500; South
Omaha, 8,000; St. Joseph, 8,500; East St.
Louis, 4,500; Kansas City, 12,000; Fort Worth,
1,500; New York, 1,000. Total, 40,000.

The workmen are demanding a uniform
wage scale for all packing houses; that the
maximum wages paid become the minimum;
that all contracts expire June 1; that un-
skilled laborers be paid 18% cents an hour,
and a ten hour day wherever possible.

SoutH Omana, Neb., July 11.—The dif-
ferent sking houses in South Omaha
to-night offered the union workmen, who
have threatened to strike at noon to-mor-
row unless wages were increased, to sub-
mit their differences to a board of arbitra-
tion. The men have until Tuesday morn-
ing at 8 o'clock to accept or reject the propo-
sition and are in consultation to-night.

 

PEACE IN FORDHAM HOSPITAL,

O'Nell’s Term Ended, Nurse Carrie
Gray Is Serene.

Superintendent Nurse Carrie Gray and
Dr. H. P. O'Neil, house surgeon of Ford-
ham Hospital, have had their last passage
at arms.

Two months ago Miss Gray brought Dr.
O'Neil before the hospital managing beard
at Bellevue on charges of insubordination
and using language unbecoming a gentle-
man Dr. O'Neil was suspended for five
days and then sent back to the Fordham.
Last month the battle was renewed, and
this tume Miss Gray was brought before the
board. She was suspended foy ten days.
They were not idle days, however, for be-
fore they had ended Dr. O'Neil was up once

and got a week.
O'Neil’s two

Dr.

ee

a x ee eke
at 4

$i
ee

a

   

 

SAYS PARKER NEEDN'T RESIGN.

Judge Denis O’Brien Declares That the
Law Docs Not Demand It.
Watertown, N. Y., July 11.—Judge
Denis O'Brien of the Court of Appeals
was asked to-night what he thought of
Justice Alton B. Parker remaining on the

bench during the campaign. He said:

“There is no constitutional or legal reason
for his resigning. No votes will be cast
for him for any office at the coming elec-
tion, The people will vote for electors.
The constitutional provision that all votes
east for a Judge for any other office are
void does not apply, for the reason that the
votes are cast for a body of men who may
vote as they please.

“So far as the law is concerned the ob-
jection based on the Constitution of this
State is answered when we recall the fact
that no citizen can vote directly for Judge
Parker for President at the coming elec-
tion. The question is simply one of pro-
priety and expediency, and that is for
him to decide. I hope he will decide to
keep on in the performance of his judicial
duties.”

 

WAITS ON PARKER.

BRYAN
will

 

Take the Stump, It Is Understood,
if the Judge Is Conoillatory.
Cuicaao, July 11.—According to a report

which reached the city to-day, William J.

Bryan is awaiting a word from Judge Parker

before replying to the invitation of the

Chicago Democracy to appear at the demon-

stration being arranged for the first week

in August. {i he accepts, it will be under-
stood that the Democratic nominee for

President has held out the olive branch to

the Nebraska orator and that Mr. Bryan

will be the first to take the stump in the

West for the ticket named in St. Louis.

It is expected here that an Eastern man
will be named for chairman of the national
committee, notwithstanding that that body
has recommended Thomas Taggart of
Indiana for the place.

Mr. Taggart is likely to be made vice-
chairman and put in charge of the Western
headquarters, which will be in Chicago.

BOSS'S HOUSE BLOWN

 

UP.

Family Asleep, but All Escape—Miners
Blamed for Outrage.

Irnonwoop, Mich., July 11.—While Earl
Walton, superintendent of the Brotherton
and Sunday Lake mines, at Wakefield, and
his family were asleep early this morning,
their house was partly blown up by dyna-
mite. Pieces of the house and veranda
were found 200 feet away, but none of
the inmates was seriously hurt.

It is supposed that the charge contained
at least twenty pounds of dynamite and
that it was set off with a lighted fuse, as
no trace of wires can be found.

Mr. Walton cannot tell who the perpe-
trators were or what was their motive,
unless the outrage is a result of a strike
at the mines last January over a cut in
wages. Some of the old employees were
not taken back afterward.

 

LOAN OFFERED TO RUSSIA

 

Provided She Will Confer Certain Rights
on the Jews.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lowpon, July 12.—The Telegraph's Brus-
sels correspondent, confirming the report
that French and Belgian bankers recently
offered to loan Russia two thousand million
francs, says the offer was made on condi-
tion that Russian legislation respecting
the Jews be improved in the direction of
conferring upon them the same rights as
other subjects.

The syndicate is ready to pay the sum
before the end.of the year, not charging
any commission.

SEARCHING FINNS' HOUSES.

 

Municipal Councillor Schybergson Arrested
and Sent to Russia.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

COPENHAGEN, July 11.—The police at
Helsingfors, Finland, continue to search
the homes of prominent residents in con-
nection with the recent assassination of
Gen. Bobrikoff, the Governor-General of
Finland,

Municipal Councillor Schybergson has
been arrested and sent to Russia, after an
examination of his dwelling.

BOODLERS PLEAD GUILTY.

Two More of the St. Louls Gang Prepare
to Serve Their Sentences.

St. Lovis, July 11.—Charles J. Denny
and Jerry J. Hannigan, municipal legis-
lators, pleaded guilty to a charge of bribery
in connection with the lighting bill in Judge
Taylor's court this afternoon. Sentence
was deferred until July 19 to enable the
men to arrange their business affairs before
donning stripes.

It is generally believed that the minimum
sentence of two years will be imposed on
each. The cases of Charles F. Kelly, who
fled to Europe; Charles A. Gutke, John
Sheridan and T. Edward Albright were
passed down until later. It is understood
that Kelly and Gutke will testify for the
State, in the hope of landing the man
“higher up” who is believed to be largely
responsible for the boodling of recent
years.

MRS... WINSLOW'S ESCAPE.

Wire of New York Broker Falls Into the
Lake at Pittsfield.

PITTSFIELD, Mass., July 11.—Mrs. Francis
Dana Winslow, wife of the New York broker,
while in a boat on the lake at the Pittsfield
Country Club this afternoon, fell into the
water because of the sudden overturning
of the craft.

She sank twice before assistance could be
rendered her by a boatman, and was resus-
citated with difficulty by Dr. Henry Cole,
the club physician. Mra, Winslow waa
taken to the Wendell Hotel for further
treatment and recovered sufficiently this
evening to accompany her son and two
daughters to their summer home on Mount
Washington, adjoining the late Secretary
Whitney's October Mountain game pre-
serve. _

 

 

 

 

 

X-Rays fer Blood Disease.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Turin, July 11.—Dr. Bozzoll, director of
clinical medicine at the Turin University,
has informed the Academy of Medicine
that experiments he has made have shown
that the X rays have remartable efficacy in
some serious diseases of the blood. He
says that he has cured by this means a

supposedly incurable cass of leuchmmia.

 

Pra

“om

TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1904, ane

a4

Showers and thunderstorms to-day *

aud to-morrow,

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

GALLS ON PARKER,

Sheehan at Rosemount—thill
{o Be There To-day.

WHY TELEGRAM WAS SENT.

     

 

 

Candidate Did Not Know the
Platform Until Saturday.

Learned That the Gold Plank Had Been
Omitted When He Finished His Morn:
ing Swim—Many More Telegrams, One
From Cleveland—The Candidate Sends
a Prompt Reply to Hearst's Message
—Hopes to Spend Much of the Came
paign at Home and Receive Dele-
gates on the Lawn There—May Speak

Shore

Lsopus.

in Some Large Citles—West
Will Stop More Trains at

Esopus, July 11.—The Hon. William F.
Sheehan, the recipient of Judge Parker's
famous message to the Democratic national
convention, arrived at Esopus at 5 o'clock
this afternoon, Mr. Sheehan had expected
to come down on the New York Central
Railroad as far as Hyde Park, where Judge
Parker's gasolene launch, the Niobe, was
to meet him, but the West Shore Railroad
officials arranged to hold a southbound
train at Albany until the arrival of Mr.
Sheehan's train from the West.

Hearing this, Judge Parker cancelled
the plan for ferrying Mr. Sheehan across
the Hudson. Mr. Sheehan made better
time by coming down the west bank of the
river. Mrs. Sheehan met him as he left
the train. The ex-Lieutenant-Governor
looked tired and travel-stained, but quite
happy.

He and Mrs. Sheehan entered their car-
riage at once and were driven up the road
toward Rosemount. As they neared the
four corners, Judge Parker's carriage was
just coming over a hill toward them. The
Judge and Mrs, Parker were in it.

The carriages met just at the forks and

both men sprang out and shook hands |
Inn keeper Quinn, the storekeeper \,

heartily.
and the postmaster surveyed the states-
men with approving eyes. Mrs. Sheehan
entered the Parker carriage and Judge
Parker and Mr. Sheehan took Mr. Shee-
han's conveyance. The party drove to
Mr. Sheehan's home, at Atwood, which is
a mile south of Rosemount.

Mr. Sheehan declined to talk for publi-
cation when he left the train, but he said
that a statement would be forthcoming
to-night. It was only ono sentence, as
follows:

“I am authorized to say that no tele-
gram was sent by Judge Parker to Senator
Hill on any subject while the latter was in
St. Louis.”

Mr. Sheehan didn’t say whether Judge

Parker or Mr. Hill authorized this state-
ment. It was issued, however, after Judge
Parker and Mr. Sheehan had been together
for some hours. The reason for giving out
this statement may have been that a New
York newspaper asserted this morning
that Parker telegraphed to Hill last Friday
declaring that there must be a gold plank
in the platform or that he would not run,
and that this telegram was suppressed by
Hill.

The statement has a bearing on the mat-
ter, which was considered of even more
importance in this neighborhood to-day.
That was the declaration in THE Sun's
leading editorial to-day that Judge Parker
would be relieved of much responsibility
for the work of his representatives in St.
Louis if it could be shown that he went
to bed on Friday night ignorant of the fact
that the sub-committee’s monetary stand-
ard plank had been cut out of the draft of
the platform.

Judge Parker has not made a public state-
ment about this phase of the matter. He
would not make one to-day, nor will be
do so before he has accepted the nomina-
tion. In cases of silence like this, how-
ever, it is often possible to secure anex-
pression of views or a statement of de-
clared fact from some other person or per-
sons whose words may be used without
the likelihood of denial from the individual
most concerned, Such a statement was
obtained by the correspondent of THR Sun
to-day.

“Judge Parker has maintained from the
beginning,” said the informant, “a silence
which would not even have been broken
by his telegram to Mr. Sheehan if the un-
foreseen had not occurred. He felt that
his judicial position prevented him from
discussing the matter of his candidacy.
He considered that a silent course was the
best for him to pursue. He was not even
confident that he would be nominated,

“He never considered it necessary to an-
nounce his views on the monetary stand.
ard. Although he was known to have voted
for Bryan in 1896 and 1900, he did not be-
lieve for a minute that any one doubted
that he stood for the gold standard.

“Judge Parker never took the trouble
to instruct his representatives and delegates
to St. Louis with regard to the monetary
standard. He believed that the contest
at St. Louis would be clean-cut, a struggle
between the conservative element and the
radicals. He believed that he would win
only through a victory of the conserva
tives, whom he believed to be conversant,
and in sympathy, with his own views.

“Such being the case, he considered thal
adeclaration from him on the money ques
tion was not consistent with his attitude
of silence. When Judge Parker went ta
bed at 10 o'clock on Friday night he had
not seen the draft of the platform just
then adopted by the convention. He
had no bulletins that would indicate that
the Williams plank had been thrown out.

“He heard nothing from the convention
that night and the first he heard was just
before 7 o'clock on Saturday morning
when he was told that he had been nomin-
ated. He was not told, even then, that che
money plank was missing from the adopted
platform. This fact he learned a shori
time later when he received the New York
newspapers.

“After breakfast he went for a ride o
horseback, and it was while he was alons
on the road that-be decided to eend hi

———