7

    
 

=

VOL, LEXVL—NO. 278

(1 QUEER MONBY MEN TAKEN

EIGHT OF THEM: AFTER FIGAT
IN A WINE SHOP.

 

 

Capt. Flynn's Men Round Up Coanterfeit-
ers in Manhattan After Guns Are
Drawn ie @ubaue Italians - Nabbed

Chief Shover of Bad Bills in Net.

A half emptied wine bottle and a long
tladed knife flashed across the length
of the cellar wine shop at 192 Chrystie
street yesterday and chugged against
the wicker swinging doors that were
just opening. After that there was a
minute of fighting and at the end Capt.
Flynn. head of the New York office of the
secret service, and the detectives under
him were holding eight of the worat
counterfeiters in Little Italy under the
poses of their revolvers.

The fight in the Chrystie street saloon
seoterday was the beginning of a general!
cleanup of Italian counterfeiters in
Manhattan and the outcome of arréats
that had been made among stragglers
in Rutherford and Newark over in Jérsey
co Wednesday and Thursday. Alto-
gether fourteen makers of bad bills were
coralled in this city, three in Rutherford
end four in. Newark, about the largest
cang that Capt, Flynn has succeeded
in rounding up aince he landed the circle
that had a hand in tho famous “barrel
murder” é¢ight years ago.

Following the general gathering in
of the Italians in the last three days the
reizure of the plat which they have been
operating will follow within a very few
hours, according to Capt. Flynn. His
men and the Italian detectives of Police
Headquarters who cooperated with them
in yesterday's work are now tracing
down definite clués that are expected to
lead them to the nicely engraved steel
plates that have been yielding silver
certificates of $2 denomination for a
Jonger time then the United States
Government would care to tolerate.

About two weeks ago a’ man over in
Brooklyn whose name is withheld by
the detectives as a matter of protection
for their informant gave{Carrao of the
Italian equad ‘at 900 Mulberry certain
information which led to investigations.
He offered the detective a counterfeit $2
bill to substantiate his information.

Capt. Flynn was notified and the case
was put into his hands. The head of the
New York secret service office has a
pretty good line on all of the popular
centres of the counterfeiting game and
he keeps tabs on the places here in New
York where certain aupplies, engraving
tools and stones are sold.

Before his men had been working a
week they had traced the silver oertifi-

cates to Pittsburg, Philadelphia and
leowark, and they were Gonvifieed that
the pusher or distributer of the bad
peperwas operating from New York and
through Sicilian criminals.

On Wedn night the tip went out
to of Holland at Rutherford
that thiee Htalians living together in a
cheap boarding house in his town were
wanted. The police chief sent two of his
men along with a secret service man
and the three Italians were gathered in.
They were taken to Newark and looked
up pending further work along the lines
discovered... e

Newark police headquarters meantime
had got word to be on the lookout for
certain men who weré known to be pasa-
ing the queer money.. On Thursday night
seven detectives ped . suddenly in
upon a faprily of Italians at 119 Eighth
avenue consisting of Pietro Grecoo, his
wife and cnreetbearalek é

Yesterday the three Italians from Ruth-
erford and the four men captured in Ne@-
ark were taken before United States
Commissioner Jones. Of the Rutherford
prisoners all were discharged but Frank
Gillie, who was held for further ézamina-
tion, Antonio Alliotta and Vincento Man-
gione, two of the four taken in Greoco's
house on Thursday night, were held in
$1,000 bail each, and the other two sus-
pects were turned over to the police to
be kept behind bars until matters were
cleared up in Manhattan. .

In a trunk to Mangione the
detectives had found four counterfeit
two dollar bills of the series number
D—63579088. Alliotta had been recog-
nized by Secret Serwice Agent Tape as
an ex-convict who had served a short
term in Sing Sing for pagsing counter-
feite.

Whatever the secret service detectives
may have learned from their Jersey pris-
oners, if anything, they were not divulg-
ing last night. One of the Jersey police
officials said that he believed that a pris-
oner taken from the Newark boarding
house had turnéd State's evidence and
peached on the location of the plant
and the personnel of the gang yet uncap-
tured. However that may be, Capt. Flynn
and the ten detectives at his back went
to the Chrystie street wine cellar with
unhesitating directness yesterday after-
hoon

Of the eight prisoners taken there Ig-
nazio Provenzano of 157 Allen street was
easily the prize catch from Flynn's view-
point, for he is declared to be the chief
pusher of the whole gang and evidence
in the shape of seventeen of the spurious
two dollar certificates was found on his
person. Later in bis rooms on Allen street
the detectives found a rubber stamp, the
tame stencil that had marked the series
hurnber D-$8579083 on the bills found in
Nengione's trunk in Newark.

As soon as the eight Sicilians brought
1o bay at guns' mussies were locked up
in Headquarters Flynn Jed his bunch
of sleuthe around te the Allén street
home of Provensanoi Whea Flynn
knocked at the’ door of the tenement
apartment a woman the door
and a man behind her, eeeing the big
bulk of Flynn and the men at his baok,
ttarted to draw out a nasty iooking
revolver Flynn nailed him too quickly,

driven out of Manhattan by foe Petrosino
a8 & euspedted blackmailer, jumped into
& rear room when the detectives entered
and yelled that he would shoot the first
of themtocomein. The detectives kicked

down the door and sawant the harral of |

his gun toward the ceiling before he eould
pull the trigger. Four other men were
gathered out of the rooms of the em-
ployment agency and iocked up with
the other scourings from the Italian
quarter at Headquarters.

Alt of the fourteen men arrested will be
taken befgre Commissioner Shields this
morning.

MISS ILLINGTON IN NEVADA.

 

 

Daniel Frohman’s Wife Joins the Divorce
Celeny in Reno.

Reno, Nev., June 4.—That Margaret
Illington, the actress, late leading lady
in “The Thief” and wife of Daniel Froh-
man of New York, is in Reno, to stay six
months to aoquire a residence for the
purpose of asking a divorce from her

 
 

 

+++NEW YORK, SATURDAY. JUNE.

THEY TURN ON UNCLE SA!

ALDRICH LAYS TARIFF LOSSES
TO TRAINED CUSTOMS MEN.

 

 

imperters Hire Them Away and Use Their
Telents to Undermine the Dingley
Law—The Senator Denies That Cot-
* ton -Schedaies Have Been Cat.

Wasurnoton, Jung 4.—Senator Aldrich
made to-night his long awaited statement
in explanation of thé/changes in the cotton
achedules of the tariff bill. He-asserted
that it has been the practice of importers
in New York to engage the services of,
attorneys and agents trained in the cus-
toms business, with tHe result that the
intent of Congress in framing tariff pro-
visions has been defeated, with a loss of
revenue to the Treasury and the removal
of ‘protection supposed to be afforded to

rticular industries.

husband is the conviction of about| Senator Aldrich devoted part of his
twenty New Yorkers in the Reno divorce | speech to charges repeatedly made by

colony, /
Mrs. Frohman is certainly in Reno, at

Senators Dolliver of Iowa and La Follette
of Wisconsin that the rates in the cotton

160 Centre street, just a short distance | echedule as compared with those in the
from Mrs. Kipp's cottage, it is said, and | Dingley law had been inbreased mate-

she will stay here indefinitely.

rially. Senator Aldrich combatted the

The actrees did not come with the| proposition. He declared that as a result
usual flare that accompanies theatrical | of decisions, in some instances by the
people. On the contrary ehe atole quietly | Board of Appraisers at New York and in
into town and dropped her stage name | others by the Federal courte, the rates of
of Illington for her real Bloomington, IIl., | duties in the Dingley law have been quite
name of Leighton. How long she has | generally reduced.

Been here is not known, except that it id| Ninety per cent. of the rates hed not

less than three days.
Mrs, Frohman, which is another name

been touched at all. Changes had been
made in only 10 per cent. of them.
He ‘seserted that the cotton rates in

that she expects to drop, is staying @t/tarif bills bad steadily declined from
the cottage of her chum, Mrs. Senseney | the passage of the Calhoun act in 1876
of Reno, who was a classmate of her | up to the present day.

Ilinois school days. The actress was
seen to-day reclining in the rear seat of a
luaurious aufémobile, the property of
one of the male seekers for divorce.

It was pointed out by Senator Aldrich
that as a result of judicial interpretations
of the Dingley act large sums of money
have been refunded from the Treasury
of the United States representing the

So far as can be ascertained no, legal | difference between the assessed valuation
steps have yet been taken and tho local | at the port of New York and the amount

lawyers deny
that thoy know anything about the cage.

with their usual emphasis which the courts declared to be the legal!

rate of duty. ”
Senator Aldrich caused to be read at

In taking a cottage in fashionable Centre | the clerk's desk a newspaper article re-
street Mrs. Frohman is but following Mrs, | citing that under a recent decision of the

Kip, who is the leader of the corps.

Supreme Court the Government would be
compelled to refund $500,000. The name

RAN DOWN MRS. ZIMMERMANN. |°% & young attorney, formerly a clerk of

a Senate committee and later in the cus-

She and Her Daughter Struck and Hurt | toms service now with a firm of lawyers

by an Automobile,

Mre Jacob A. Zimmermann, whose
husband is a real estate operator owning

the Lorrington apartments at Central | the

in New York, was mentioned in the article.
In this conection Senator Aldrich said:
“Every attorney and every agent of
Government that has displayed

Park West and Seventieth street, and her | ability in the management of the Govern-
twelve-year-old daughter, Frances, were | ment’s customs cases has sooner or later
run down by an automobile at 168th street | left the Government employ and gone
and St. Nicholas avenue early last even- | into the employ of importers for the sake
ing. Three of Mrs. Zimmermann's ribs | of discovering defects in our tariff laws.
were broken and her right arm was badly | The young man mentioned in that article
bruised. The daughter aleo was badly | was formerly the attorney for the Gen-

bruised and sustained a severe out over
the left temple. <
The automobile was owned by Mrs.

eral Board of 3 in New York.
After serving in that capacity I believe
he became a member of a firm in New

F. M. Pope of 57 West Fifty-seventh | York engaged in the handling of customs

street.

Mrs Pope's driver, James Payret, | cases.
who gave his address as 3 Pacific place, “That is a

commendable vacation

Bridgeport, Conn., and his brother were; The young man in question, I am re-
the only ones in the car. The driver was | liably informed, is making a large amount
locked up in the West 152d street station | of money in his profession. There have

on a charge of assault.

been 'a dozen cases of this kind in my

Mrs. Zimmermann and her daughter | recent memory. Men in the employ of
had been visiting at the home of Henry H. | the Government felt obliged in their own
Dryer at 601 West 169th street, Mrs. Dryer | interest to accept more profitable éervice

being a sister of Mrs. Zi:
Accompanied by Mr. Dryer they asiee

at the hands of the importers.”
Senator Aldrich declared that importers

for the subway station at Broadway and | in employing experts trained in the Gov-

166th street shortly after 6 o'clock.

ernment service have been able so to pre-

Mrs. Zimmermann ahd her daughter | sent their cases in count as to obtain
were in advance of Mr. Dryer as they | decisions greatly to their advantage. He

started to cross St. Nichdlas avenue.

said that four or five provisions ,of the

They had their umbrellas up but appar- | cotton schedule have been 66 emasculated
ently saw the automobile approaching |that the revenues af the Government
from the north and thought they could | were wasted and that the protection sup-
beat it across the street. The machine| posed to be afforded the industry was
hit both ‘ahd knooked them about ten | destroyed.

feet. The machine ran on for almost a
block and then came back.
The downtown crowd was just pour-

“Who is demanding these reductions in
the cotton rate?” Senator Aldrich asked.
He replied that it was not labor, organized

ing out of the 168th street subway exits | or unorganized, or the great army of con-
and many hurried to the aasistance of|sumers. He declared with emphasis

the two women. The accident had b
seen’from the windows of the Washing-

that the importers were responsible for
the agitation against the alleged high

ton Heights Hospital and an ambulance | rates contained in the cotton schedules.

soon was carrying the mother and her
daughter back to the Dryer house.
The driver of the automobile said he

Resuming the discussion of rates,
Senator Aldrich said that the rates in
the cotton schedule were lower than those

saw the two women hesitate on the curb| of any other schedule in the bill except

as if they were going to let him pass and | that relating to chem

icals.

then they apparently changed their minds| “They are even lower,” he said, “than

and tried to hurry across. The
declaréd that he wasn't speeding.

the machine skidded after he
brakes, and he was helpless.

pavement, he asserted, was respon-

river | the average of the bill as a whole.”

eseid| He declared that the industry was en-

had set the| titled to the protection to meet the
The slip- | difference in cost of

uction here and

abroad, contending t wages paid in

sible for the car going half a block or | this country were highét than those paid

more before it was stopped.

Payret said that he was taking the car
from Mrs. Pope's summer place at Bridge-
port to her city home.

 

in Europe.

Addressing the Democratic Senators
Senator Aldrich éaid that the South had
as much at stake in this schedule of the
bill as any other section of the country.

WADOO GETS HIS FRANCHISE | One-half of the cotton manufactured

For Fxtension to Grand Central—Soath | pji/

Tubes te Be in Operation by July 18.

was in the South. When the hext tariff
signed he predicted. three-
cotton manuf

was
quarters of the

The Board of Estimate approved yes- | would be located in the Southern States.

terday the franchise granted by the Pub-

Senator Aldrich defended the specific

lic Service Commission for the extension | duties of the cotton schedules against
of the McAdoo tunnel from Thirty-third | the attacks made upon them by Senator
street to the Grand Central Station. The/ La Follette, who had declared that the
vote was unanimous. Work may now | specific form was used to increase rates.

be begun as soon as the company obtains
the necessary consents of the property
owners along the route.

Senator Aldrich said that as a general
proposition the specific duties were pref-
erable ,to other forms of duties. All

President McAdoo of the Hudson and | civilized nations used them.

Manhattan Railroad Company sald last
night:

“As soon as the Mayor affixes his signa-
ture to the franchise, we shall apply for
the necessary property consents, or, in
lieu of them, for a certificate from the
Bupreme Court, as required by law, It
will require about eighteen mohths after
theee formalities have been oom

Eg

This ee wes ewer Vea Of lis a most hares S our
17d Chrystie street © was and of the Company,
cf being one of the deputy pushers under ab we of the sup:

Provenzano. /
The trail of the coynterfelters then ted

to an employment joy at 807 East
Thirteenth street, “Ecee there came

pretty near being @ tion of the
Chrvatio street saloon t. Vittaglia
Viucenzo, @ bad man who ones been

Te Se Ra

A sensation was then eprung by Mr.
Aldrich that made a big impression on
the Senate. In his attack upon the cottén
rates Benator La Follette used as his
chief witness W. H. Parkhill, a member
of the General Board of Appraisers at
New York. Mr. Ia Follette told the
Senate that he had consulted freely with
Mr. Parkhill and then made his own
computations. The inference from Mr.

oliette'’s statements was that Ap-
{eer Parkhill believed that the cotton
bill were higher

ingley act as it became
alaw.

Mr. Aldrich read to the Senate a atate-

35

acture | mark to the British nation was the Duchess

      
 
 
 

  

6, 1909.—copvrions, 1000, bv the Sun Printing'and Publiching Association.

CUSTOMS SERVICE CHANGES

MIDDIES MARRY ANYHOW. MINING MEN

 

 
     

SATURDAY, JONE 6, 1900.
Showers to-day; partiy,cloudy to-morrow}
light to moderate variable winds. ¢

    
   

INDICTED

eee
peace ens te Have Wives Following Grand Jury Investigation of
neat # Sree, DEPUTY SURVEYOR BISHOP IS Senator Oliver's Company.

ANNAPOLIS, Jurie 4.—That love will find
a way, atders of the Secretary of the Navy |
notwithatanding, Was proved y when
It became knoWn that at least four of the} His Place as Head of the Third Division,
gfaduates of this year's class at the Naval Which Attends 16 incening Fassen-
Tete But ea Maerocnines te men ts| «Cruse Sesemate Contes Wee ©
apply td them, Two of the four have)  Younser—Chfet Cloves Ales Removed.
aoe taken ne re ve aes The men of the customs service were
orrow @ fou ; :
dealnatéd & Second Lieutenant in the ourprised yesterday to learn that Deputy
: Sufveyor John M. Bishop, the author of
United: States Army, Coast Artillery ser- ;
vice, antiwill be in @ service unaffected by | tbe change by which, passengers entering
orders of the Secretary of the Navy.and| this port are ena to make out their
declaratiops on the trip. from Europe in-

whete graduates, being commtsdioned
sien ot on servicé, can wed or remain| stead-of' down thé hay afte? their arrival,
Withtvahe hour that he got bis diploma al Me fori ttet. Meecha pear
Midehi George A. Trever of White eos
tion of passengers aud their bagwage.
, The original rumor waé that Mr. Bishop

Water, , Qualified for the banner
which.’ by Academy tradition, is given

had been dismissed. Collector Loeb and
RBurveyor Clarksen enaid yesterday that

to the first bridegroom of the class, by
this was not 80; he had been deprived of

marrying Miss Elizabeth McMillen, his

boyhood sweetheart from his home town.
hia job merely. “They said the responsi-
bility for the removal wasabove them, in

The ceremony was performed at the
Washington. yi

home mutual friends in Annapolis
by the . G, A. Trever, father of the
br . The bride is a sister of
F. E, MéMillen, who was graduated from} Surveyor Clarkson complimented Col.
the Naval Academy in 1804 and is now a/| Bishop alid said thegg was nothing against
Paymaster in thé navy. his record. Tie intimation. from his
superiors ‘was thet the deputy surveyor
aould do better work in @ position that
required less huatling. and it was sald

The second tember of the class to
contract marriage was Arthur Barney of

that bis successor wauld be @ young man.
It was hinted’ that Caf. Bishop would take

Kearney. Neb., who this evening was
harried to Mies Leta Haskell of Augusta,
Me.. hk coupe entered ee ar mar-
riage all the secrecy of an elopement. ‘ailae
hin pte ‘obtained ge of the Afth division, of which
The ti waaiet Bild afvarnioon Deputy Surveyor ‘Matt M. Coneys is the
chief and which has charge of night work,
chiefly of « poiice nature, and the inspec-
tion of steamboats, The talk among the

just béfore the office oo vane the

weediag took plape at ide, the home

of W. H.
force last evening was that Mr. Coneys,
who is the youngest deputy surveyor

Burns, ide of Annapolis. It

was performed t Chaplain H. H. Clark
i ore Me YR. Van de Boo of
~ Van de Boe o

¥ but has been ten years in the service,

Cleveland, Ohio, was thought to be in might eu 4 Col, Bishop. Mr. Coneys

declined to talk on the subject. Col.

Bishop is at Atlantio City.
Another and less important removal

line for the banger, as his engagement

to Miss Mary Ellen Scott of Annapolis
was that of Deputy Surveyor William O.
Cloyes, chief the secorid division, in

bad been annowmoed, the formal per-

migsion of the Sepretary of the Navy
charge of the inspeetors who attend to
the discharging of gees. Mr, Cloyes

obtained and the date fixed for to-
morrow.

aie FINDS 83,000 IN JEWELS. is about 72 years old baat 4 Deputy
; . urveyor since 190§ and an inspector since
me Se ieeceh te veer 1892. According to Surveyor Clarkson,
‘ Mr. Cloyes was removed “for the good of
Cutcaao, June 4.—A chamois bag of|the service.” Mr. Cloy%s, apparently
jewels worth $5,000, forgotten under her | realizing that he would be unable to do
pillow by Mrs. H. Q. Elliott, wife of the| very active work aa the chief of a division,
preaident of the [National Advertising | serna io be reduced to the rank of an in-
Company of New York, was found by | snector, His request was granted. As
Carrie Pavelock, a maid at the Sherman | nenuty Surveyor he received $2,500 a year,
House, to-day and waa on its way to the /his pay as inspector will be between
owner before she had missed it. $1,800 and $2,200, according to his ability
to work overtime.

When the maid lifted the pillow in
we a ee a tae ee Col. Bishop, it is said, has been in diffi-
pear culty with some of his political superiors
spread before her. The jewel bag had|at Washington. There isa story that he
worked open and the trinkets had spilled. | wap a little too strenuous in enforcing the

Btopping only long enough to admire | jaw in the case of a friend of a politician
them, Mies Pavelock gathered them up. | who wanted the friend's baggage passed
without any formalities.

put them in the hag and turned
Col: BishOp was véty active in the recent

them ever to M Frank Behring
of the hotel, who wired Mrs. Elliott at| smuggling cases and in cases preceding | alty.
them he and his force of deputies un-

Grinnel, Ja., where he knew she was go-
, that her jewels had been found. covered much illegitimate work by dress-
@ jewels werg sent to her by express|making firms. His first work for the
an hour before Mras Elliott received the) Government was in East Tennessee,
where he was born, as a raiding United

telegram
é States deputy marshal in the moonshine

TAFT MA) region. He was twenty years in the
Government service in (Washington He
was chief clerk in the auditor's depart-
ment of the Postal Department when he
was transferred to the customs service
at this port. He is about 60 years of age.
One of hia sons is a Captain in the army.

It is likely that A Deputy Sur-
veyor Alexander MoKeon may take the
place of Mr. Cloyee.

SCOUTS BETSY ROSS'S CLAIM.

REMOVED AS CHIEF.

 

finding forty indictments,

appear.

 

Hearing.

ordinance to

that would

adoption of the ordinanoe.

 

 

 

together.

to the universi

 

 

FOREGO TRIP.

 

outlook a

Alaskan Journey Improbable Because of abeloide.

Mfrs. Taft's Condition.
Wasatworon, June ¥.+-There isa strong
obability that President Taft will find

t necessary to postpone until next year
the Alaska tour which he has heen plan-
ning for next A t add September.
He called to the ite House to-day
severél Senators who have had in hand
the matter of an appropriation for the
President's travelling expenses this sum-
mer and explained to them that although
he still expectad to attend the Seattle
exposition he felt that the northern trip
might have to be abandoned. }

The principal reason for this change
in plans is Mrs. Taft's health, although
the prolonged session of Congress and
incidental matters have helped to bring
it about. Mra. Taft has been in a more
serious condition since her recent break-
down than was at first announced, al-
though a complete rest is expected to
restore her strength.

The President has been tdid that Mrs.
Taft will not be completely recovered
untii weil along in the summer, and he
does not of courte care to undertake
such a long trip as the one to Alaska
unless Mrs. Taft is well. He probably
would have to wait until September,
and that would be tgo late to start on the
extensive trip he planned in Alaska.

 

Philadelphia Histerian Can Find No
Evidence That She Made First Flag.
New Haven, June 4.—It the suit of

Jobn Quincy Adams of New York against

the Hartford Times the deposition of

President Gammell of the City Historical

Society of. Philadelphia was read to-day.

Adams claims that the newspaper li-

belled him when it criticleed his efforte

to ralee funds forthe Betsy Ross Flag

House and Memorial Association in Phila-

delphia.

President Cammell testified that Penn-
sylvania historians have ignored the
claims of the relatives of Betsy Ross that
she made the first ‘American flag. He
further said: :

*I don't think that any one doubts that
Betsy Ross lived and died, but I doubt
statements of her relatives in other re-
spects, particularty these in reference
to the making of the flag. I have never
been able to find any letters to show that
Gen. Washington ever called upon Mrs,
Ross with reference to the making of
the flag or that she was ever called upon’
to design the American standard. There
ia no documentary evidence to be found
to support the story of the Canbys. All
there is to it is the verbal statement of
the relatives. Canby, the grandson of
Mrs. Ross, declares his grandmother told
him that ahe made the flag.”

Mr. Camnrell said that his opinion was
backed up by a score of historians on the
subject of the American flag and he
quoted a number of authors who wrote
histories of the flag.

WHITRIDGE TO SPEND $4,000,000
If Reorgenization Pians Go Through, in

mander there is
massacre is feared.

43,000,000

ployees Mr.

bfother and sister
and two nephews $6,600,

 

 

SAVIOR OF THE HOLBEIN.

 

London Artiste Have Rumor That Duchess
of Mariberoagh Gave $200,000.
Spectat Cable Despatch to Tuk Sux.

Loxpow, June 4.—It is reported in the
London colony of artists this afternoon
that the donor of £40,000 ($200,000) to save’

the Holbein portrait of Christina of Den- abusive language.

former istrate F
Court oe Ford
Judge Green's camp at

Adirondacka and were talk

of

of Marlborough, formerly Consuelo Van-
derbilt. The gift is eaid to be due to her
love of art.

The name of the donor of the $200,000
is etill withheld, but it is expected that in
the course of time the fact will become
generally known that the Duchess is the

alone.
The man,
D. Richardson,

who said his

 

the night court, but
said
arral

 

 

person who intervened at a critical mo- to him for ex-
ment and saved the picture for the Improving Third Avenge Roed amination thia morning ip the Yorkville |
Natjona! Gallery: Frederick W. Whitridae, the recelwer court icy
of the Third Avenue Railroad Company, ; ,
PAYS FOR SPEEDING. | will make known within a week or two his {GOOD BROOKLYN INVESTMENT.

 

HOFMANN
‘ a

Was Hitting It Up at a Five Finger Bxer-
Che Gait on the Jamaioa Pike,

Minatoua, L. 1., June 4.—Joseph Hof-

planist, who was arrested last

plane for the peorganiaation of the com-
pany. Although‘ Mr. ge was not!
y to of the details

investment made by her

   

Lorne, roe 4 news
a eet
6n anpoun t t has

  

 
 

    
   

| ar

Thonias D. but
Sorting. leforsspaen about himself, waz
taken

be

* Gobprizip, Nev., dune 4.—The Grand
Jury adjourned this afternoon after
principally
Girecied against the directors and officers
of the Pitteburg Silver Peak Gold Mining
Company and the Florence Goldfield
Mining Company for making false re-
turns to the bullion tax collector.

No names are mentioned and the in-
dicted parties will not be known until
after they are served with the capias to

The Silver Peak Company is controlled
by such well known men of Pittsburg as
fienator George T. Oliver and William
Flinn, Charlies H. Fuller and H. A. Carton
of Utica, N. Ye, and Frank Knox, Salt
Lake, and J. H. Brown of Wilmington, Del.

NOt FOR A STANDARD LOAF.
No One Favors Ordinance at Aldermanic

The Committee on Laws and Legisla-
tion of the Board of Aldermen held a
public hearing yesterday on the proposed
Y a standard of weight
and purity for the loaves of bréad sold by
bakers in this city. Among the speakers
who opposed the paseage of the ordinance
were A. J. Powers and ex-Deputy County
Clerk Weissman of Brooklyn, representing
the Master Bakers Assdciation. They
contended that it was impossible for the
bakers to turn out a pound loaf of sixteen
ounces, as called for by the ordinance,
at all times weigh uniformly.
They thought the ordinance unconstitu-
tional

No one appeared for the measure, and
while the committee did not reach a de-
cision yeaterday it is understood that the
report to the board will not favor the

KISSES COMING, GIRLS.

Twenty-five Columbia Men Vow They'll
_ Stell Some This Bammer.

‘When a group of homeward bound
etudente left Colunibia yesterday morn-
ihg tt developed that a unique club had
been organized in the days just preceding
commencement with a purpose of great
import to the summer girl. None of the
students would let his name be used
because he feared that it would lead to
the inability of the members to carry out
the end for which they have banded

Each member is pledged at some time
in the next four months to kiss a girl
not nearer related than second cousin.
It is understood that there are about
twenty-five students in the club. Those
who at the énd of the vacation return
€y and declare that they
have not kept the compact, will be com-
pelled to stand treat for the crowd. In
case several men fail each will have a
separate night on which to pay the pen-

MORE MASSACRES IMPENDING.

Armenians Leaving Syrian Towns—Fu-
siitade by Troops at Durtyol.
Special Cable Despatce to Tam Sux!
Lompon, June 4.—Despatches from
Alexandretta and Aleppo represent the
those places as being very
undreds of Armenians and
Syrians are leaving and importers are
cancelling orders for everything exoept
arms, for which there is a genera! demand.

Orders for arms to the value of $150,000
were sent through the Ottoman Bank at
Aleppo yesterday. A proclamation of
martial law is only withheld pending the
arrival of trustworthy troops.’

Boldiers began a fusillade yesterday
in the viJlage of Durtyol, Afty miles from
Adana, following an order to tte inhabi-
tanta to surrender thelr arms. The com-
distrusted and a

— er
IN| DEATH DUTIES.

First Instalihent en 850,000,000 Estate
of Charities Morrison of England.
Special Cable Despatch to TuE Sux.

NDON, June 4.—The executors of the
late Charles Morrison, who died recently
jeaving property valued at $50,000,000,
paid into the Treasury to-day the sum o!
$5,000,000, being a first instalment of the
death duvies due by the estate

With the exoeption of $375,000 be-
queathed to charities and his 10,000 em-
Morrison's millions are
bequeathed to forty-five relatives. His
90,500,000 each

ANNOYED JUDGE GREEN.

Man Whe Persisted in Taiking to Him ahd
‘Then Became Abusive Arrested.
City Court Judge Joseph I. Green
caused ‘the arrest last night of a passcn-
ger on the Empire State Express on the
arrival of the train at the Grand Central
station on charges of Na OR Son and
u
mer and
ere returning from
Lake in the

Green,
jupreme

when the
man came up and refused to leave them

was
used
te

he was not in a condition
and he’

Woman to Get $100,000 From Property
Grandmother Bought for $16,000.

MagmPaig, Tenn., June 4.—Through an
in Brooklyn, N. Y., Mre.

£ eclf ar, as ote io pwc
. H. or, oome into
alon f at $1

ecm” Se

of this

y when erick J. H. Krpoke
of of New York,
io g ooo Pod Sr Fork, aod
re a eS Government
More than’ forty yeare Mrs. ;
too in Brocelsn etal sh

000 in dook property.

New Sootti-Warrar Bethrotha!l Rumor.
Sportal Cable Despatch to Tas Bun.

per an-

,

Farrer

's

 

” 71

   
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
     
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
     
 
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
        
    
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    
   
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
    
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
    
 
     
  
 
  
     
    
   
   

| PRICE TWO GENTS. |
POLITICIANS END. CAR STRIKE

REPUBLICAN MACHINE GIVES
PHILADELPHIA TO UYION.

 

 

Fear of Defeat at Today's Primary
Causes Bosses to Compel Transit Co.
te Make Terms With Employees~
Rioting After Agreement Is Reached ,

PHILADELPRIA, June 4.—The big trolley
strike was equelched to-night by the,
Republican bosses of Philadelphia and
to-morrow morning the hammering of
the flatwheeled car will be heard from
one end of this old town to the other.

The masters of the Republican machine,
scared at the prospect of defeat at the
primaries to-morrow and the lJosa of
the District Attorneyship nomination
to a rank independent, compelled Mayor
Reyburn to bend a stubborn back and
pereuaded the rapid transit ofticiais to
agree to terms.

To the fright of the Republican bosses ,
the strikers owe their victory. ~ Every-
body concurs that it is more of a victory
for the employees than a compromiss
between antagonists. With the hard hand
of the bosses on them the directors of
the Rapid Transit Company retired from
a fight they had every prospect of winnitg
and agreed to conditions only slightly ‘
moderated from the original demands
of Strike Leader Pratt's army. There
is not the slightest doubt that the com
pany would have compelied the recal-
citrant conductors and motormen to give
in if politics had not messed up their
plans. ,

To-night people are speculating af to,
how muoh future trouble, how many
future riots and inconveniences to the
public, will result from the present ifiter-
ference of the politicians. Pratt, a pro~
fessional strike maker, has been allowed
to come here, establish what wil! be ta
all intents and purposes a strong union,
cause the merchants and other business
men incalculable loss, and retire a an,
Hereafter, as was said to-night, since
powerful politicians have prevented the

street car company from estabilishiig
the rule that they will not ears ead
unions to dictate how they

their business there may be other strikes
aoe comeaeee’ lawlessness, the atrikers
having been assured practically that ther
can act with impunity. .

By the terms of agreement drawn up
to-night between the Rapid Transit Com-
pany and the representatives of the
striking motormen and conductors the
men will recel ve 22 cents an hour, the new
scale % take effect at once. It is stipu-
lated that on June 80, 1910, when the books
of the dompany shall havebeen audited
the men shall receive a further advance
in pay if the financial condition of the
company is shown to be ea ,
The further advance will be a centan .
very likely, if the company is able to stand
it, The agreement cut three cents an
hour from the demands made by Boss
Pratt for the strikers. The company’s
position as to the wage scale is really not
affected by the agreement. On May 17
it offered to increase wages from 21 to 33
cents an hour, an offer which the men,
at tho instigation of the union labor
agitators, turned down.

Virtually the company recognises the
union, although it calls it treating with
accredited representatives of its own
employees. At first Pratt was determined
to forde an out and out recognition, or
submiasion rather, to labor union domi-
nation, but when it came t the point
that the whole agreement ‘might have
been spoiled by sticking out Pratt oon-
gented_to a milder form of recognition.

Hereafter when the men have griev-
ances the Rapid Transit Company agrees
to meet their representatives, one from
each barn, and talk matters over. The
representatives won’t be met as delegates
of a union, but that is what they will
reahy be Pratt has done his work too
well for any mistake to be made about
that—Pratt and the politicians.

Where no union existed before
assisted by the timorosity of the bosses,
has created,one, and although Philadel-
phia is greatly pleased that the rioting
which disgraced the city’s good. name
is over many people_are very bitter es
to the dangerous situation that has been
created for the future.

The agreement shortens hours of
labor. Hitherto the men have been
compelled to remain on duty fifteen
or sixteen hours a day to obtain hAine or
ten hours work, Hereafter, the oom-
pany promises, they ahall not be on duty
more than ten hours in a working day. «
This was a concession for which Pratt
and his army fought most eafnéatly,
one that the company was very slow to
accede. . ;

The question of the purchase of uni-
forms, comparatively a trivial matter,
was made much of by the strikers and
got a prominent place in the settlement
treaty. Formerly the men got uniforms
from oné concern. After this they will
be allowedto buy from any one of fivé
firms specified. + t

Finally all of the men are to be rein-
stated unless it can be shown that they
were guilty of destroying the company's
property or of serious offences against
the law,

These terms were agreed on practically
at 2:80 o'elock this morning after a
conference at the City Hall in wi
Mayor Reyburn, Senator James P.
MoNichol, Recorder Billy Vare, Senator
Wolf and representatives of the id
Transit Company took part. But
Was 80 much squabbling and argument
to-day when the treaty of peade was -
submitted to the different barns of strik:
ere thet it was not until to-night. that
peace became definitely oqiabliahed ‘a

Half a dozen times to-day while tha
men were voting on the acceptance of the
foregoing propositions it seemed likely
that the whole matter would flare up {nto
more trouble. Some bodies of the mes
were inclined to stick ‘out for 25 cents aa
hour. Others on a atraight out
recognition of a labor union, while other
barns wished to incorporate niatters thet
had not been submitted at any time to
street car company. Partly through
efforts of the politicians and partly

                  
   
   
      
               
     
  
 

Pratt himeelf realived that he was in great

luok to get aa much as be bad, these objeo-

tions and were smothered, '

and one by cne fell into lineand

prapreedene fy pbs ¥
The inside

i

wiory 6 the serneanide ag