VOL LXXL—NO, 202.

 
      

—_—

PLATT BREAKS WITH ODELL,

(OVERNOR QUICKSTEPS DOWN TO
LEARN WHAT'S UP.

 

fees the Senator, and May Learn More
goeday After the Conference Called
by Platt—President Alarmed About
the Desperate Situation in New York.

President Roosevelt is alarmed over the
Republican situation in New York State.
fo are Senator Platt, Elihu Root, who
has recently had interviews with the Presi-
dent at Washington and with Goy., Odell
at Albany; Senator Depew and the Re-
publican Congressmen whom President
Roosevelt requested two weeks ago to

make an investigation of the situation
in their districts, As already told in Tut
sex, most of the Republican Congress-

men reported to President Roosevelt that
pariy affairs in the State were in such a
moss (hat the State was surely lost to the
Republicans.

Senator Platt and Senator Depew have
bad recent talks with President Roosevelt
in Washington, and as a result of these talks
! as of their own knowledge of the
situation, Senator Platt sent out from
Mushington on ‘Thursday and lriday in-
vitations to Republicans in New York State
with him at the Fifth Avenue
% o'clock this afternoon. Some
of these invitations went to Republicans
who turned ther over to Gov. Odell in
Albany on Friday afternoon, and the Gov-
ernor did a quickstep down to the Fifth
Avenue Hote! yesterday morning.

senator Platt did not arrive at the hotel

until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and he was
gui kly joined by a number of Republicans.
Aliday at the hotel Gov. Odell had conferred
vith Representative Lucius N. Littauer
and Abe Gruber. Mr. Littauer and Mr.
Gruber did not appear to be willing to have
the Governor get out of theirsight. At in-
tervals Mr. Odell had talks with William
Halpin, chairman of the executive com-
mittee of the Republican count y committee;
Regent Edward Lauterbach, ex-Representa-
tive William L. Ward of Westchester, Tax
Cormmissioner Strasbourger, Senator Els-
Lerg and Port Warden Adler.
Odell feared that Senator Platt
was coming from Washington for the pur-
pose of conducting a personal and political
fight against him, and the Governor's
attitude was by no means so arrogant and
self-satisfied as it has been both in Albany
and in New York since he obtained control
of the Republican State committee at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel two weeks ago. Wil-
lam Barues, Jr., of Albany, chairman of the
executive committee of the Republican
State committee, came over from Washing-
ton lust night and had a long talk with
Mr. Ward at the Albemarle Hotel.

Meantime, Gov. Odell had sent his private
secretary to Senator Platt asking Senator
Platt when it would be convenient for him
to talk with the Governor. Senator Platt
sent back a most courteous reply that he
would be pleased to see the Governor after
dinner, Senator Platt said that he had
very little to say for publication at the
moment,

“All that I care to say just now,” Sen-
ator Platt said, “is that I have come over
from Washington to talk with Republicans
at the hotel to-morrow afternoon conoern-
ing the integrity, the preservation and the
supremacy of the Republican party in the
State of New York.”

lepresentative John W. Dwight sent this
telegram to Senator Platt from Ithaca:
“The Tompkins county Republican con-
vention to-day unanimously and with
cheers adopted resolutions indorsing your
leadership in the past and for the future,
and also instructed the delegates for Hoose-
velt ‘or President.”

Goy. Odell said after his call on Senator
Platt’ “I haven't a word to say. Any-

as wel

to. confer

Hotel at

thing that is to be said will be said by Sena- {
j publicans step in and assert themselves

tor Plait.”

Senator Platt said he might have some-
thing to say after the conference this after-
noon

itor Platt in his talks with Republi-
eons this afternoon expects to ascertain
eractiv the situation in this State. He will
be suided almost entirely by their sug-
gestions as to his future conduct, Gov.
Ode! has precipitated the issue upon the
Republican party that he will not have Col,
George VW. Dunn suceeed himself as chair-
man of the Republican State committee.
Goy. Odell has also seized control of the
New York Republican county committee
&s well as the Republican State committee
and has turned his back upon President
Roosevelt, and refused to answer the most
courteous letters that Senator Platt has
fent to him within the last two weeks,

Senator Platt, while standing firm for
Col. Dunn for chairman of the Republican
Btute committee to succeed himself, told
his friends last night that the situation
in the State was of far deeper significance
than the election of any man as chairman
of the State committee.

One point is in doubt, and that is whether
Cal. Dunn desires to succeed himself or
not, and all these matters will be threshed
@ut at the conference this afternoon.

Gov. Odell, many Republicans say, has
been treacherous to President Roosevelt
€nd to Senator Platt and has had but one
aim in view from the first hour that he
became Governor, and .that was by the
judicious exercise of patronage to seize
control of the Republican State machine
and to take every step to precipitate him-
elf upon the State as its Republican leader,
irrespective of consequences to the party.

There were Republicans at the hotel yes-
terday who declared that Gov. Odell had
wrecked the party in the State; that his
administrations as Governor had tainted
the party with graft, and that he had sur-
rounded himself with men “who had never
had a clean dollar in their lives.” Gov.
Odell] has declared to his friends that he
himself must be Republican State Chair-
man to succeed Col. Dunn. Only those
very close to Gov, Odell are aware how
deternined his efforts were to have Roose-
velt select him to be chairmanof the Republi-
can national committee. When President
Roosevelt refused to listen to this sugges-
tion Gov. Odell became intensely angry.
He has secured control of the State com-
mittee, his Republican adversaries say, by
the most wilful and flagrant use of patron-
&ge, for no other purpose than to unseat
Senator Platt as Republican leader in a
Presidential and gubernatorial year.

Senator Platt's friends are to determine
this afternoon whether Gov. Odell will be
allowed to go unresisted, whether they
“ill fight him to the last ditch for control
of the Republican State eonvention which
: to assemble in New York city on April 12,
the nether they will defer the fight until

Primaries are held for the election of
a en pet patiennrsinidiisakinss ans cae aeataae cas manaiaccocaammanananaing

Hard to Beat.
Eabere Famous Sootch—Speclal Reserve -White

 

  

  

   
 

|
'
!
{

 

hatte EE ae kD Berry we)

Tey © Le Pe Ten

 
 

 

delegates to the Republican State con-
vention in the fall which is to nominate a
State ticket.

So far as could be learned last night,
the majority sentiment did not favor any
fight against Goy. Odell until the fall, He
is still Governor, the Legislature, by his
direct command, will not adjourn before
April 20, though it could have adjou od
a month ago; and after April 20 Gov. Odell
is to consider the thirty-day bills, which,
some say, are important. Others say that
these bills are insignificant, and that the
number has been purposely kept down
with the expreas object of preventing
Gov. Odell from wielding with much effect
in this direction the axe he has swung
against all adversaries for the last few
months, The fact that Gov, Odell has
captured control of the present Republican
State committee is not an assurance that
he can retain control of the new Republican
State committee which is to be elected
at the April 12 convention, for the reason
that some of the present Republican State
committeemen whom Goy,. Odell influenced
by patronage do not control their entire
Congress districts.

While Senator Platt and Gov, Odell had
a talk last night at the Fifth Avenue Hotel,
it may be set down as a positive fact that
the personal relations which have existed
between these two men for s0 many years
are sundered, never to be resumed. Senator
Platt has been very loath to admit that
Goy. Odell should seize a year fraught
with such importance to the party at large,
and especially to President Roosevelt in
his own State, in which to conduct a bitter
personal and political fight against the
man who gave him every political pro-
motion that he ever enjoyed, and against
the President of the United States, who
has nearly broken his backbone leaning
over backward in his endeavors to keep
the peace in the State.

Gov, Odell immediately after the Presi-
dential election of 1900 believed that he
could be nominated for President in 1904,
and started his boom for the nomination
only a few months after President McKinley
and Theodore Roosevelt were inaugurated,
Vice-President Roosevelt started his boom
for the nomination at about the same time.
President McKinley's death promoted Mr.
Roosevelt to the Presidential chair and
ended the Odell boom. From that moment
Gov. Odell, his Republican critics declare,
has not been friendly to the President
and began his deliberate and ceaseless
efforts to unseat Senator Platt as the Repub-
lican leader of the State. Senator Platt
would not believe the reports of his friends,
and he has said over and over again that
he promised President Roosevelt that
he would have no trouble in the State of
New York, and he, too, it was declared,
has nearly broken his spinal column in
his efforts to keep the peace.

It was not until the recent meeting of
the Republican State committee that
Senator Platt’s eVYes were opened. While
he has told his friends that he has no per-
sonal ambitions, for the reason that he
has been elected a United States Senator
and will #erve until March 8, 1908, he says
that he proposes to remain in the harness
as long as he is alive, and that his firat in-
terest is for the Republican party. He
has waked up, so his friends say, to ascer-
tain that Gov. Odell has almost completely
¥recked the party in the State, and it is
for these reasons that the conference has
been called for this afternoon. Some of
Gov. Odell’s friends have had the hardi-
hood to suggest that he should run a third
time for Governor, whereas the testimony
of many Republicans is that “The Gover-
nor couldn't be elected a poundkeeper.”

His own city of Newburg has cast its
vote against him since his reelection for
Governor; his initiative and constructive
legislation has upset the Republicans in
every county in the State until elready
there are thirty-one factional quarrels of
the most pronounced bitterness, which it is
asserted cannot be healed unless the Re-

over Goy. Odell and the clique of grafters
aod the banditti who surround him at Albany
and who breathe nothing but treachery to
President Roosevelt and who have spurred
Odell on to destroy Platt in a presidential
and gubernatorial year.

Republicans admitted yesterday that the
morale of the party in the State was never
at so low a level. Even Republicans in
Gov. Odell's train admit that he is the most
unpopular Republican in the State with the
voters, and that the voters have already
signified their intentions of what they
would do to Gov. Odell and an Odell State
ticket next fall. With Gov. Odell as leader
and with Odell nominating a State ticket
of his own, the entire State would be lost
to the Republicans—that was the almost
unanimous verdict heard yesterday, even
among Republicans who professed friend-
ship for Gov. Odell. No Governor of the
State, Republican or Democrat, it was de-
clared, had within the memory of any of
those present yesterday been so held up to
public scorn as Gov, Odell.

He has been playing latterly, it was as-
serted, what all wise and conservative
politicians deplore—“ get-even-politics.” Be-
sides, he has ruthlessly tumbled out of office
the most steadfast friends of Senator Platt,
Republicans who have been good office-
holders and against whom no complaints
whetever have been made, and has, to the
minds of many, destroyed all possibility
of the Republicans getting together unless
he is brought up with a sharp turn.

Just when this sharp turn is to be made,
and just exactly what is to be done, will be
determined this afternoon.

PROTECT OUR CHICKENS.

Some Thief Keeps Stealing "Em, Tremont
Residents Tell the Police.

About fifteen residents of Tremont went
to Capt. Ferris of the Tremont station
in a body last night and asked for-protec-
tion against chicken thieves. They said
that they never saw a policeman at night
from one end of the week to the other and
that every night their chicken coops were
being robbed,

William Monroe of 4035 Park avenue said
that he had thirty fine Plymouth Rocks
stolen about a week ago. Then he built a
stone chicken house, but the next night the
thieves drilled away the stone and cerned
off all the chickens he had left. Monroe
announced that he was going to put a
burglar alarm on the chicken coop.

Charles Dryer of 4376 Third avenue told
a similar story. He said he lost fifty-four
chickens and alsotwodogs. Hesaid hehad
put a burglar alarm on the chicken house
that would scare off any burglar.

“Let this be a warning,” said one indig-
nant Tremonter. “If you won't give us
policemen we will protect ourselves. We
announce that if we catch any strangers

wandering around late at night tbey will be
shot. Weintend to protect our chickens.”

DEWETS PORT vie Ane GRAPE JUICE
re jor fo sick
X. 7, Dewey © Sone Oo lew York.

 

 

 

Fulton 8t., N

|

vostok.

 

 

JAPANESE FORCE CAPTURED,

ADMIRAL ALEXIEFF SENDS WORD
OF A FIGHT IN COREA,

 

 

Another Private Despatch From Mukden
Says That 1,800 Japanese Have Been
Taken Prisoners—Russta Plans to Put
an Army of 850,000 Men Into Field.

Spectal Cable Despatch to TuR SUN

Lonpon, March 20.—The Despatch prints
a telegram from St. Petersburg which says
that Admiral Alexieff, Viceroy of the Far
East, telegraphed on Friday that he had
received word from Gen. Mishtchenko
that the latter had received news of the
capture of a detachment of Japanese in-
fantry and several guns in Corea, north
of Pingyang.

LoNDoN, March 19.—A private despatch

received at Chefoo from Mukden to-day
reports a battle on the Yalu River. The
assertion is made by the Russians that
1,800 Japanese were taken prisoners.
_ A news agency despatch received here
from St. Petersburg says that the Rus-
sian troops continue to pour into north-
ern Corea, They are eaid to be in excellent
condition. Typhus fever is raging among
the Japanese troops.

Paris, March 19.—A despatch to the
Matin from Tokio says that 1,600 Cossacks
crossed the river Takshenyena, in Corea,
on Wednesday, and enocountered Japanese
scouts, who retreated.

RUSSIA'S GREAT ARMY.

She Pians to Have 550,000 Men tn the
Far Kast by May 25.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

St. PETERSBURG, March 19.—An official
statenient issued from military head-
quarters to-day says that 550,000 men,
including artillery and cavalry, will be
concentrated in the Far East by May 25.

Gen. Kouropatkin will make his head-
quarters at Harbin, Manchuria. The se-
rious land campaign will begin in June,
but it will probably be August before a
decisive battle is fought.

It is admitted officially that thirteen
Russian merchantmen have been captured
by the Japanese.

FOREIGN TROOPS FOR CZAR.

Willing to Use 1,000 Servians and Bul-
garians Against Japan.
Special Cable Despatch to Tug Sun

BELGRADE, March 19.—Owing to the
desire of numerous Servians to enlist in
the Russian army, the Foreign Office asked
the Czar if their services would be accepted.
The Czar, through the Foreign Office,
replied that he was willing to accept the
services of 500 Servians and 500 Bulgarians.

RUSSIAN PORT ARTHUR NEWS.

St. Petersburg Newspaper Correspondent
Says All is Serene tn the Tewn.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

St, PETERSBURG, March 10.—A ocorre-

spondent of the Novoe Vremya telegraphs
from Mukden that he has just returned
from Port Arthur, and that the last bom-
bardment in nowiso changed the aspect
of the town, despite the number of pro-
jectiles thrown into it.

The correspondent says not a single
building was destroyed. The people have
become accustomed to bombardments and
the appearance of the Japanese squadron
causesno alarm. Businessis being resumed
and many shops have been reopened.

Near tne entrance of the harbor the
wrecks of the Japanese fire ships are visible.
Aboard the one lying furthest out was found
the body of a Japanese officer who had shot
himself, Beside him was a chart showing
that it had been intended to sink his ship.

During the height of the {cannonade a
woman walked through the streets carry-
ing a bagful of dressing, for the aid of the
wounded. During the engagement he-
tween the destroyers the Vlastnya tor-
pedoed in the stern a Japanese destroyer,
whose Captain stood on the bridge. As
she sank the crew uttered shouts of pa-
triotism.

 

 

 

 

Japan Keeping All Military Moves Hidden
More Carefully Than Ever.
Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.

Lonpon, March 19.—Nobody pretends
to find any real enlightenment in the week's
budget of so-called war news. The Japan-
ese are enforcing their system of censor-
ship more strictly than ever, and no trust-
worthy information is expected until im-
portant events have culminated.

The European public has not lost keen
interest in the conflict, but refrains from
criticising the Japanese in enforcing their
necessary policy of secrecy.

SIX JAPS SAIL FOR ENGLAND,

Nothing to Be Learned Here About Their
Errand—Three Are Army Men.

Six Japanese, three of whom are officers
in the army of the Mikado, sailed yesterday
aboard the Cunarder Umbria for Liverpool
on a miasion about which they refused to
talk, Japanese Consul-General Uchida,
when asked what he knew about the six,
smilingly declared that he knew nothing.
He intimated that they might not be Japan-
ese at all, but English and Italian officers
who recently took two cruisers from Italy
to the Far Kast and turned them over to
the Jepanese Navy, and that it might be that
they had assumed Japanese names out of
compliment to the people who had received
them with such lavish hospitality and good
will. They went aboard the ship late on
Friday night. The ship's officers said they
were simon pure Japanese all right.

 

 

Russia Denies That the Skori Was Lost.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun
Lonvor, March 19.—A Central News
despatch says it is denied officially in St.
Petersburg that the destroyer Skori was
blown up by contact with a submarine
mine.

Acrobats Home From Vladivostok,
Reapina, Pa., March 19.—Word was
received here to-day that the wife and
children of Acrobat Jordan, known in
the circus world as “The ayn vo ’

ha: i at San Francisco from V;
Bo ort ee Oe ecceotel Rast On agetl #7,

,

\

 

  

NEW YORK, SUNDAY. MARCH 20, 1904,—copyrion 100

     
 

BROOKLYN TO GO DRY TO-DAY.

Not a Drink to Be Had in a Very Thirsty
Section of Town After Midnight.

The lid was screw d down tight in Brook-
lyn after midnight this morning.

The tip went out to the saloonkeepers
by way of the police on post early in the
evening that there was to be nothing doing
after 12 o'clock.

They had it straight, they said, that a big
bunch of plain clothes men was coming
across the Bridge.

All through the Borough Hall district
and the downtown section generally where
it has always been possible fcr those who
know how to find thirat killers at forbid-
den hours the side doors were clesed tight.

Not even the old-timers could get a drink-
This is the first fruit of Ccmmissioner
McAdoo's promise of last Thursday to
pay more attention to Brooklyn.

 

POISON IN THE CEREAL,

One Woman Dead and Others of Her Family
Who Ate It Are fil.

CINCINNATI, March 19.—Poison, pre-
sumably arsenic, in the food of Daniel D.
Bowdle, his wife, Eleanor, and daug ters,
Mrs. Mary Guarde and Catherine Bowdle,
caused the death this afternoon of Mrs.
Bowdle and the probably fatal, illness of
the three other members of the family.

Daniel D, Bowdle is a retired capitalist
who lives in Clifton, a fashionable suburb
of thiscity. The family had eaten for break-
fast a cereal breakfast food, prepared, it
was said, by Agnes Massing, 21 years old,
a maid of all work. This girl is subject to
epileptic fits. She had recently been se-
verely reprimanded by Mrs. Bowdle for
some offence. Members of the family who
had not partaken of this food experienced
no ill effects.

The police say that Mrs. Bewdle herself
prepared the dish for breakfast. Two buck-
ets were inthe pantry. One contained harm-
less cracked wheat and the other cracked
wheat that was poisoned for mice. The
supposition is that Mrs. Bowdle took the
cereal from the wrong bucket.

Although Coroner Weaver at first re-
fused to order an arrest, and the attend-
ing physician said that the girl, Agnes
Massing, was not to blame, she was ar-
rested to-night and is being held on sus-
picion.

 

Stirred to Indignant Protest by a Court
Remark of Sir Francis Jeune.
Special Cable Despaich to THE Sun.

Lonpon, March 19.—British bachelors are
up in arms against Sir Francis Jeune,
president of the Divorce Court. They
are “writhing,” as one of them writes
to-day, “under the iniquitous slur cast
upon the unmarried men of England by
the ervel chage brought against them by
Sir Francis.”

This indignation has been aroused by a
remark made by Sir Francis during the
trial of a divorce case this week. Cotnsel
for the wife, not content with trying to
prove that the husband had erred after
marriage, proceeded to point out that
he bad been immoral before, whereupon
the Justice interposed and said the present
case was not affected by the latter fact.
He added:

“Apparently his (the defendant's) life
was much the same as that of the ma-
jority of single men.”

Judging by the letters published in the
morning newspapers since Sir Francia
Jeune's utterance, every bachelor in Great
Britain is entitled to wear the white flower
of a spotless life. Indeed, as another
indignant bachelor writes:

“Sir Francis Jeune’s connection with
the Divorce Court ought to have taught
him to confine his insulting observations
to married people.”

If these angry bachelors are right, Lon-
don alone, day or night, provides, even
for a very unobserving person, sufficient
evidence to bring an overwhelming indict-
ment against English husbands,

HAGUE TRIBUNAL’S COST.

Rumors That This Country Will Not Suapere
vise the Payment Provided For.
Special Cable Delpatcn to THE Sun.

Lonpon, March 19.—A news agency
despatch from The Hague says it is rumored
that the United States intends to refuse
to supervise the carrying out of The Hague
Tribunal’s decision concerning the payment
of the costs of the procedure in the Vene-
zuela case. The rumor is unconfirmed.

Should the United States refuse, the
various Governments concerned will pay
the minimum cost of arbitration, which
would be £110 10 shillings each.

 

 

The tribunal, in its decision, provided
that the contestants should each bear
equally their share of the costs, and charged
the United States with seeing that this was
done within three months.

IMPRESSED WITH GIBRALTAR.

Emperor William Says It Is “Grand, Like
Everything English.”’
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

GIBRALTAR, March 19.—Emperor William
was much impressed with the defences
of Gibraltar during his stay here. He is
reported to have said:

“It has quite reached my expectations.
It is grand, like everything English. I
am not surprised at Gibraltar being im-
pregnable.” ‘

MISS DYE COMMITS SUICIDE.

She Was a Daughter of Major Dye, Former
Chief of Staff of the Corean Army.

WASHINGTON, March 19.—Miss Annette
Dye, daughter of Major William McE. Dye,
formerly chief of police of this city, who
resigned to accept the post of Chief of
Staff of the Corean Army and later held a
similar position with the Khedive of Egypt,
committed suicide here this afternoon.

Miss Dye had been ill for several weeks
and was attended by Dr. Sterling Ruffin
Dr. Ruffin was summoned to see her this
afternoon, and as he entered the room
he heard a muffied pistol shot. Miss Dye
had shot herself through the heart as the
physician entered. She left a letter to
her sister, Mrs. Baylis of Chicago,

 

 

 

 

Last Buffalo in Colorado Killed.

DENVER, March 19—A bullet has ended
the existence of the last of the race of buf-
faloes running wild inColorado, Lost Park
for years has been a safe hiding place for
a little band, but pothunters have been
searching for the spot and have finally
found it and killed the last member. There
is a fine of $100 for killing a buffalo, A crimi-

nal complaint can also be made against an
offender

 
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
 

 
 
  

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

 

 

FISTS TO FACES AND HANDS TO
THROATS IN CLEVELAND.

 

Convention of Twentieth Congress District
Starta With a Battle of the Opposing
Forces—Both Sides Win to Platform
and Hold Separate Meetings at Once,

CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 10,—The Twen-
tieth district Republican Congress con-
vention, composed of delegates from Cuya-
hoga, Lake and Medina counties, was held
in the West Side Turn Hall to-day. It was
a regular bombardment from the start.
Both Dick and Foraker men fought like
brigands. Men banged each other with
their fists, others clutched each other's
throats until their eyes bulged out.

Both sides held conventions and both
renominated Congresstinan Jacob Beidler
of Painesville. The fun began when Merry
Hammer, chairman of the Congressional
committee, a Forakerite, tried to dictate
the selection of convention officers. Col-
lector of Customs Charles Leach was nomi-
nated for chairman by the Dick delegates
and John (. Ward of Lakewood was selected
by the Forakerites. Leach and Ward both
started for the platform, followed by their
adherents. The Dick line swept up from
the side of the hall over chairs, tables and
Forakerites to their leader. The Fora-
kerites closed in and a line of bluecoats
followed amid an awful uproar. A brawny
fist landed on the big sergeant-at-arms
and the thud of the blows on the mobbing
delegates beat a rolling tattoo.

On up the steps of the stage the Dick men
fought their way, with Leach held tightly
in their arms. On all sides, wrestling,
throttling and fighting, were the blood-
thirsty Forakerites. The Dick men gained
the stage. Through the fighting pack
they beat their way until Leach got to the
front of the stage. There the Forakerites
made another onslaught and got to the
stage with Ward, their chairman.

Leach on one end of the stage and Ward
on the other held conventions. Ward's
convention nominated Beidler for Con-
gress, A. T. Spitzer of Medina and F. H.
Eggers as delegates to the national con-
vention, and Minor G. Norton for Presi-
dential elector. The Leach convention
nominated Beidler for Congress, J. B.
Zerbe and A. T. Spitzer for delegates to
Chicago, and FE. 8. Cook for Presidential
elector.

The alternate delegates to Chicago were
named as follows: George Steele of Paines-
ville, and D, C, True of Lakewood. The
Dick men certified their nominations to
the boards of election of the counties com-
prising the district.

A CYCLIST'S SACRIFICE.

Badly Hurt tn Steering Runaway Machine
From a Group of Children.

Mount VERNON, N. Y., March 19.--Wil-
liam Manney of this city, who recently
bought a high-speed motor cycle, went
out for a trial spin to-day. At Fifth street
he let the machine out. While going down
grade at a thirty-mile rate he found that
the brake would not work. The cycle gath-
ered speed. On the way down the hill
it grazed a trolley car, which bounded
across its path from a side street.

As Manney flashed past the trolley car
like a comet, he was dismayed by the ap-
pearance directly ahead of him on Fifth
avenue of a group of five little children
playing. He yelled at them to get out of
the way, but they stood still and laughed
at him. They thought the machine would
turn aside.

Seeing that the children would not move,
Manney, who is an experienced cyclist,
resolved to take a desperate chance to
save their lives and his own. Heading
the heavy machine for a telegraph pole,
he jumped. The children stocd trans-
fixed, while the rider went rolling over
and over on the ground. His hip and
shoulder were fractured.

The machine hit the pole and was de-
molished. The pieces were brought back
to the city in a wagon. It was reported
to-day that some of the children of Mayor
Brush were in the endangered group.

 

 

SOCIETY WOMEN IN COURT.
Mrs. Theodore Cramp Testifies Against

Servants Accused of Stealing.

PHILADELPHIA, March 19.—Mrs. Theodore
Cramp, in a stylish spring gown, and other
brightly attired society women gave a dash
of color to the Central police court this
afternoon when two servants of Perey (.
Madeira were arraigned before Magistrate
Kochersperger on the charge of system-
atically robbing their employers’ home at
1522 Spruce street. It was alleged that the
men took bric-a-brac, jewelry and silver-
ware valued at about $500, besides making
free with Mr. Madeira’'s eatables, fine wines
and cigars.

Several days ago Mr. Madeira discovered
that various articles of value had disap-
peared from his home. He became con-
vinced that William McGowen, a waiter,
and Harry Perkins, the butler, were guilty.
He notified the detective bureau.

Perkins confessed and implicated Mc-
Gowen and Thomas Barnett, a friend of the
men. In Perkins'’s room several! of the miss-
ing articles were found. Barnett was also
arrested, charged with forgery for having
presented to Mr. Madeira a letter signed
with Mrs. Theodore Cramp's name. The
latter on the stand to-day declared this to
be bogus.

Each of the prisoners was held in $600
bail for court.

SAVED MAN FROM BURNING BOAT.

Fireman Finds Unconscious Sailor in the
Cabin of the Lighter Nestor.

Fire started in the cabin of the lighter
Nestor, which lay at the White Star pier,
last night. When the firemen got there
the blaze had a good start. Some one
said there was a man in the cabin and Fire-
man Puroy went down into the smoke
after him.

He carried him out badly burned and
unconscious. At St. Vincent's Hospital
he said he was John Granstrom, a sailor.
He will probably recover. The fire didn’t
get beyond the lighter's cabin.

 

 

WILL DYNAMITE KILL HIM?

 

| ‘This SIx-Year-Old Swallowed Half a Stick |

of It—Doctors Watching.

PATERSON, N. J., March 19.~Antonia
Colone, 6 years old, was playing near a
ear on the Erie Railroad at Sterling Junc-
tion to-day. The boy’s father and several
other workmen were busy unloading dyna-
mite from the car.

In some manner young Colone got hold
of a small stick of the dynamite and ate
about half of it. He soon became sick
and lost consciousness. Physicians have
been unable to revive him.

 

 

THIRTY-SIX PAGES,

   
 

DICK AND FORAKER MEN FIGRT GERMANY BEHIND TURKEY.

Encouraging Sultan to Resist the Gendare
merie Demands of Other Nations,
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

CONSTANTINOPLE, March 19.—The Austrian
and Russian Ambassadors consider the
Porte's latest reply unacceptable, partiou-
larly in regard to the number of foreign
officers for the Servian and Macedonian
gendarmerie, the Porte suggesting one offi-
cer for each Power,

It is believed that Germany is encouraging
the Porte to resist the demands of the em-
bassies, but, viewing the firmness displayed
by the other embassies, it is thought that
she will be forced to abandon her attitude,
and a satisfactory settlement is expected,

FT. GEORGE TUNNEL THROUGH,

Shields Meet Under 102d Street—Longest
Rock Boring Except Hoosac Tunnel.
The borings of the rapid transit subway

which were begun from the Fort George

terminal and from 130th street were com-
pleted yesterday, when the shields met at

a junction about underneath 192d street.

The completion of this boring opens up the

whole length of the tunnel between the

City Hall and Fort George. While there are

still many tons of rock to be removed be-

fore the tracks can be laid, a breach was
made yesterday sufficient to allow Chief

Engineer William Barclay Parsons to pass

through.

The new tunnel, as it may be properly
called, because it has been bored through
solid rock, is the second longest tunnel
in the United States. It is next in length
to the Hoosac tunnel on the Fitchburg
Railroad.

LIMITED CITIZENSHIP.

Naturalization That Lapses When the Man
Returns to His Fatherland.

WASHINGTON, March 19.—Ratifications
were exchanged at the State Department
to-day between Secretary Hay and Mr.
Iéger, the Haytian Minister, of a naturali-
zation treaty between the United States
and Hayti which contains a provision of
the greatest importance. This provision
is that any citizen of either the United
States or Hayti who is naturalized in the
other country shall return to his original
citizenship if he remains in the country of
his origin for two years. In other words,
if a Haytian becomes a naturalized citizen
of the United States and, returning to Hayti,
resides there for two years, he will again

 

 

 

The State Department is endeavoring to
obtain treaties with other foreign countries
containing this provision.

 

THEY

Firemen Did It to Get at a Blaze and a
Careful Cop Remonstrated.

Some one threw a cigar butt into a pile of
rubbish under a grating in the areaway
of Knapp & Co.'s office at 24 Frankfort
street last night and started a fire.

The firemen had to take out a manhole
cover to get at the blaze. While they were
at work a roundsman from the Oak street
station came along and spied the man-
hole cover.

“Hey, you!” he yelled to the firemen under
“You'll have to keep that lid

RAISED THE LID.

the grating.
on.”

The firemen grinned, but were too busy

to do any puttying just then.
AULL NEEDN'T PAY.

lowa Congressman Wins Sult Over a 840
Political Claim,

Ds Moungs, Ia., March 19.—Congressman
J. A. T, Hull, chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, won a signal victory
to-day in the court of Justice Duncan, in
which he established as a broad principle
of law that one may not be sued for a po-
litical debt.

‘Thomas Johnson brought action against
Hull for $19, alleging that this sum had been
promised in payment for services in influ-
encing voters to cast their ballots for Hull.
Heclaimedacontract for $20 in case of defeat
and twice this amount in case of victory.
Congressman Hull demurred on the ground
that acontract for purpose of influencing
votes is ccntrary to public policy and is
therefore void.

Justice Duncan sustained the demurrer.

 

 

BARNEY ROBBED AGAIN,

J.

This Time Some $3,000 Worth of Jewelry
Is Missing.

J. Stewart Barney, the architect, of 40
West Thirty-eighth street, has reported
to the police the loss of some jewelry. He
wouldn't talk to reporters about it last night.
It was Jearned that the jewelry had been
missed from Mr. Barney's house in February
and was worth something under $3,000.
It was not a case of burglary,

Lust spring Mr. Barney's house was
robbed of $1,800 worth of jewelry by a young
man who got in by pretending to be an
electrician. He was caught and is now
doing eleven years.

COP HURT CHASING A RUNAWAY.

Murdy Is Thrown From His Horse and His
Shoulder Is Dislocated.

Mounted Policeman Murdy dislocated his
shoulder in stopping a runaway, riderless,
sgddle horse on the West Drive in Central
Park yesterday afternoon. Murdy had been
chasing the horse for several blocks when
his horse swerved and threw him against
a lJamppost. He was taken to the Arsenal
and then sent home.

The horse was caught by another police-
man and taken to a livery stable. No
claimant appeared last night.

SUES BECAUSE STORY WAS CUT.

Ss.

 

 

Author Asks $10,000 Damages Because
10,000 Words Were Reduced to 4,000.
DENVER, March 19.—A suit for damages
has been filed by Walter Juan Davis of
Denver against Harper & Bros. of New
York for $10,000 damages because of the
alleged mutilation of a story written by
| him and published in Harper's Weekly.
} The mutilation alleged ia the cutting down
| cf a 10,000 word story to 4,000 words, the
| excisions being made “without regard for
the feelings or the reputation of the author
and without his consent.”

 

Hospital Memortal of Chicago Fire,

| Cuicaco, March 19.—A $500,000 hospital
is to be erected as a memorial of the Iro-
| quols Theatre fire. The institution is to
'

be one of the finest in the world, and will |
| be known as the Chicago Homeapathie *

Hospital. William H. Hoyt and Richard
T. Crane, who lost relatives in the fire
are the principal contributors.

 

 

Bobn's Homeopathic Laxatives induce perfect
{| @ratiNoation without nausea or distress.—Adr.

f2 /

Pairto-day and tomorrow; fresh west winds,

become a Haytian and cannot claim the |
protection of this Government.

ren

 

” Suwpay, Mancw 20, 1904, ~

  

   

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SULLY OWES UNDER $2,000,000

AS TRADE CIPHERS—CONCLUDED
TO SAVE SOME DOLLARS.

   
  

   
       
  
    
    
   
    
  
   
     
 
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

Quit a Winner, a Friend Says, but Might
Have Quit a Loser if He Had Stood
Upto Be Pounded—Hoadley Temporary
Assignee—Miller to Be Substituted.

Daniel J. Sully & Co. made their sus-
pension of Friday a full-fledged failure
yesterday by a general assignment for the
benefit of their creditors to Joseph H.
Hoadley of 74 Broadway. The attorney
for the assignee is George 8S. Graham,
formerly District Attorney of Philadelphia
and for many years the chief legal adviser
of the Presbyterian General Assembly,

The assignment was filed in the County
Clerk’s office a few minutes after 10 o'clock
yesterday morning. At 9:30 o'clock Mr.
Sully had no notion of making an assign-
ment. A few minutes after that hour
news came to his office that several of his
creditors were about to attach the firm's
accounts in several banks. Learning of
this the dethroned cotton king imme-
diately sent to his attorneys, Hornblower,
Byrne, Miller & Potter. Mr. Cutcheon of
the firm hastened over to Mr. Sully’s office
and advised the firm to make an assign-

ment.
Sully agreed and then sent for Mr. Hoad-

ley, who has been for years a friend of
both Sully and of S. F, B. Morse, another
member of the firm and a son of the in-
ventor of the telegraph. Mr. Hoadley
has been ill and has only recently returned
to New York after a long sojourn in Florida.
When he was informed that the Sully firm
wanted to assign to him he said that he
was willing to do anything he could to
help them out, but that hia health was
such that he could act as the assignee only
until a permanent assignee could be se
lected.

This arrangement was agreed to, Sully
saying that he didn’t care who the assignee
| was 60 long as his creditors were satisfied,
{ but that he had sent for Hoadley to step

into the breach and help him out over
Saturday and Monday, or until such time
as a permanent assignee could be selected.
| So Mr. Hoadley took hold and put expert
| accountants on the firm's books, Late

yesterday afternoon he said that no state-
ment as to assets and liabilities might be
expected for three or four days,

Mr. Hoadley has been well known in
Wall Street for several years. He organized
the American Locomotive Company, the

International Power Company, the Ameri-
| can Compressed Air Company, the General
| Carriage Company, the Manhattan Transit
| Company and the American Auto-Truck
Company. He also controls the American
rights of the Diesel engine. It is the general
understanding among those who ought to
know that he controls the American Loco-
motive Company through his own holdings
of the stock and through the stock in that
company owned by the International Power
Company, which he controls.

Hoadley, Cyrus Field Judson and John
R. Drexel of Philadelphia were the chief
men in the International Power Company
when the stock of that company, between
February and April, 1902, rose from 86 to
199. Then there was a great crash, the
stock selling off in a hurry to 95. As a
result of that stock manipulation Mr.
Hoadley became involved in a great num-
ber of law suits, many of which are still
pending.

When some of the creditors of Sully &
Co. heard that Hoadley had been appointed
assignee, they didn't like the selection.
Qne of the most strenuous objectors was
J, 8. Bache & Co. It was said that Mr.
Bache end Mr. Hoadley have not been as
friendly as they might be. When asked
what objection the firm had to Mr. Hoadley,
Leopold Bache said:

“We have no particular objection to Mr,
Hoadley's personality, but his interests
have never been in the cotton market,
We believe that a man thoroughly familiar
with the cotton business should be a co-
assignee with Mr. Hoadley. If that ar-
rangement can be made, we shall be quite
satisfied.”

There were other creditors who didn't
want Mr. Hoadley any way. Storiea to
this effect reached the ears of Mr. Hoadley,
who said that no one need worry. He
reiterated that his was only an emergency
appointment and that the creditors could
not agree on a permanent assignee too
soon to suit him,

John H. McFadden of the firm of George
H. McFadden & Bro., chairman of the com-
mittee representing the creditors, called
on Mr. Sully early yesterday afternoon
and had a long talk with him and Mr. Hoad-
ley. After the talk Mr. McFadden called
a meeting of his committee and {it was
practically agreed that David Miller, one
of the best known cotton brokers in New
York, should be the assignee. The com-
mittee will meet again at 4 o'clock to-mor-
row afternoon, when the matter will be
decided.

While no official statement of the firm's
condition could be obtained, it was possible
to get a pretty definite notion of the amount
it will cost Sully & Co. to settle with their
cotton creditors, After some pretty careful
ciphering at the Cotton Exchange the opin-
ion of the best informed brokers was that
the firm would have to settle on contracts
for not far from 200,000 bales of May and
July cotton, chiefly the former.

By the rules of the exchange Sully & Co. wilt
have to settle their outstanding contracts
at the average price at which the May and
July options sold yesterday. The average
price for the May option was 13.53 cents,
and for July 13.74. Since most of the
Sully contracts are in the May option, it
was calculated that the firm would have to
hand over about $7.50 a bale, which would
make its losses on cotton contracts not far
from $1,500,000, The best informed brokers
said that they did not believe the loss would
vary many dollars from that amount one
way or the other. Much wil! depend, of
course, on how much spot cotton the firm
has. Many persons were inclined to the
belief that it had very little at the time of
the suspension. There were others, how-
ever, who estimated that the firm held not
far from 12,000 bales, most of it in New
York.

Although Mr. Sully was a member of the
Stock Exchange, the firm had practically
no exchange liabilities. The situation
is different on the Coffee Exchange. It
is known that Mr. Sully was a heavy spec- a
ulator in coffee when the bull movement }
started some months ago. It is also known
that he was caught with a considerable
quantity of coffee on the decline. How
much he had when his firm suspended is
not definitely known, but one of the best
informed coffee men in New York told a
Sun man yesterday afternoon that he did

PEARLO-DENTO at Caswell & Massey's. ,
The Ideal Tooth Paste, oonte, Try MyrmAde,

 

.