eum

SA ig RT Lo

sees

 

ey at Er

TE AE) ena carne = pm
pelineetiiihieta ne amare eee

a aa arcane)

ea Se oe RE ee ee a

   

 

a.

;
;

 
 
 
  

not._believe it was more than 120,000 bags
~a comparatively small amount. There
was a story in Wall Street yesterday after-
noon that’ when Sully began to liquidate
hig coffee he found a buyer for most of
it in Herman Sielcken of the firm of Cross-
man & Sielcken. Mr. Sielcken was asked
about this and he said:

J beg to say that I never had any business
dealings whatsoever with the firm of D.
Sully & Co. U neither bought from him nor
sold through him and never gave him an
order On the contrary, { told him I con-
sidered the market too high. 1! am opposed
to any exaeerations in any market, whether
coffee, cotton or any other comingdity, and
always have been When during the small
crop year of 1857 coffee prices went up beyond
16@16 cents my firin opposed it, and the
results at that time are past history

The general opinion was, however, that
Sully’s operations in coffee had cost him a
tidy sum, and the conservatives put the
amount at between $100,000 and $300,000.
And these same persons, footing up the total

» estimates, ciphered out that Sully & Co.'s

total liabilities would not be much less than
$2,000,000.

Tn the aasignment the names of the firm
were given as Daniel J, Sully, 6 East Sixty-
second street; Samuel F, B. Moree, 49 East
Twenty-fifth street; Edmund Hadley, Jr.,
148 West Fifty-eighth street, and W. R
Fagan of New Orleans. Until thie state-

mént appeared it was generally supposed |

that W. S. Crandall, a nephew of Edwin
Hawley, was a member of the firm, For a
long time there had. been stories afloat
that Mr. Hawley had been interested with
Sully in his early winter trading in cotton,
which netted, according to popular report,
$3,000,000 for Sulky, When Wall Street
jearned that Crandall was not in the firm
the story at once urose that Mr, Hawley
had been angered that Sully should have
allowed it to be understood that Crandall
was one of his partners and that because

of that fact Hawley had helped those who |

of downing

for the purpose

organized
Sully.
When this story was repeated to a friend
of Mr. Dawley yesterday afternoon, he
said: “It is true that Crandall never was @
member of the Sully firm, and, so far as 1
know, Sully never said he was. I do know,
however, that Mr. Hawley was never di-
rectly or indirectly connected with Sully
and had no part in either his success or his
failure.” ‘
Tha wise ones in the financial district
inpisted all day yesterday that the down-
fall of Sully was not by any means an accl-
dent of fortune. A veteran cotton broker,
who knows about pretty much every-
thing that is going on, both inside and out-
side of the pit, made the following state-
ment. about the failure just before he went
home last evening: .
*T have heard all kinds of stories to-day,’
he eaid, “about how Sully overspeculated
and all that, but the men who are account-
ing for the failure in that way seem to for-
get that, on Friday night, when the sus-
pension was announced, the firm's out-
Btanding contracts were margined en an
average at 16 cents. The decline in the
market up to that time had been nowhere
enough to eat up Sully'’s former profits.
He could have stood the strain a good while

longer.

But why should he? He knew, as early
ag last Tuesday morning, that certain
persons, whose names he and I both know,
were gunning for him. He took counsel
on the situation, found out, in his own
way, just about what the outfit had hack
of them, and then concluded to trot along

they’d pound. By Thursday night he
became convinced that the fellows in the
other camp could pound longer than he
could take the punishment.

“He knew that they were trying to break
him, and he very wisely concluded that,
since they would succeed if he stayed in
the game long enough, the sensible thin
for him to do was We poor his losses an
keep what he had left, Dan Sully is as
solvent to-day as any man in the Street,
and he'll pay a hundred cents on the dollar.
He wouldn’t ask any favors of those who
were after his scalp, and so he concluded
that he'd just hand over a failure to them
and see how they liked that to chew on.

with fire, and when Dan Sully has to do
that, much as he dislikes that kind of a
fight, he can give anybody all he wants
of it.

“Had he stood up like a wooden Indian

and taken the poundin they would have ;
kept it up until he had blown in his last
cent. Sully isn't anybody's fool, and when

he learned exactly what the situation was
he just announced his suspension. Now
he has ammunition enough, after he has
settled in full with everybody, to fight
another day. °

“You may have noticed that the suspen-
sion was announced on Friday night, with
a half and a full holiday to follow the next
full day's business. A lot of arranging can

be done between the time the market closes !
on Saturday noon and the opening on Mon- }

day morning. Then, too, the suspension
was announced after 2 P. M.

ossible a settlement of contracta on a

asis of the average price of the following ;

day.

*But, mark again, that rule will be in
operation for only a few days more. On
last Wednesday the rule was amended to
read as follows:

“Contracts of a failed member shall be
closed in the open market without unneces-
gary delay, and in no case later than three
hours after announcement of failure, and
the prices at which they are closed shall
be the basis of settlement between the par-
ties to the contract

“The amendment was carried by a vote of
126 to 2. Sully voted against it. He had
the full details of the enemy’s campaign
the day before. Why shouldn't he bave
voted against it? But the new rule does
not become operative for ten days. An-
other Saturday and Sunday could not have
intervened before it would have been in
force. Therefore, yesterday was the day
for the coup.”

This story was repeated to Mr. Hoadley,

and he said: “I know nothing about any ;

such shrewd achievement on the part of
Mr. Sully, and I do not take any stock in it.
However, I have no hesitancy in telling you
that Mr. Sully is absolutely solvent, that he
will pay his creditors in full and will resume
business in a few days.”

One of the attorneys added: “I speak for
no other member of the firm but Mr. Sully,
but as to him, he will resume business within
three or four days.”

When the lawyer was asked how onemem-
ber of the firm oould get on his feet quicker
than the others, he said; “You will have to
wait and see.”

But whatever the outoome of the failure, :
Bully will not find himself or his family in
any very dire need. Out of the first profits
which he made in New York, according toa
story which came from Boston yesterday,
he invested $200,000 in an annuity which
returns him $10,000 a year.

There was another story from Boston
which interested the cotton end of the
financial district greatly. That was that
Sully is president of the F. W. Reynolds
Cottov Company of Providence and Boston,
in whose office the ex-“king” used to be a
elerk. The principal business of the com-
pany is to sell spot cotton to most of the
mills of New England, As soon as the
story was circulated here everybody in-
terested in the failure began to wonder
how much apot cotton the company had
on hand. If it has much, it was argued,
the condition of Sully & Co. will be ma-
terially improved.

To all appearances, Sully was about.
as happy a man ak there was in the Street
vesterday. He came down to his office,
at 13 Pychange place. in an automobile,
Acar anied by Mr. Morse. He arrived
befor. f o'clock and was as debonair as
possible. He wore a gray cutaway coat,
with trousers to match, and a pear! colored
waistcoat with blue polka dots. Soon
after he reached his office he dictated the
following letter. which was read at the
opening of the Cotton Exchange:

While | am not prepared to make a atate-
ment of my affairs I feel that as a member
of the exchange I owe to you and its mem-
bers at least to sav that the same straight-
forward method with which my business
has always heen performed between us in
the past. will characterize my method of
dealing with my creditors in this emergency
T am engaged in making a careful examina-
tion of my affairs and at the earliest possi-
ble moment J will report the result. Mean-
time I crave the patient forbearance of you
all, feeling assured that this embarrass-

ant will he only a temporary one, and that

will be able LePitanterily to adjust my
affairs very speedily Dd SULLY

The letter was received with cheers.
Then there were cables from Liverpool

and New Orleans that showed strong mar-
kets in both places. The brokers gan
business in a very cocky spirit. Within

a couple of minutes after the opening
there was a flood of selling orders. Just

 

|
with them for a while and see how hard |
|
{
{
'
|

|
‘
|
It was a case of having to fight the devil |
|
'
|
{

That made ;

 

before the close, prices rallied and there
was a strong market when the gong sounded.
The boosting of prices, said to have been
iven by y's friends for that particular
rpose,made the average price of the day
much higher than it would have been and
made possible a more favorable settlement
than was looked for. 5
May cotton, which closed on Friday night
at 13.37, opened at 13.60, sold down to 18.35
and closed at, 13,87, the highest price of the
day. July closed at 13.55 on Friday, open
j at 13.60 yesterday and sold up to 14.09.
In New Orleans, May sold up thirty points
while July advanced thirty-three pointa.
The result on the market of the Sully failure
was, therefore, a rise in prices,

S. Munn, Son & Co., cotton brokers, who
are creditors of Sully & Co., got an in-
junction from Justice O'Gorman yester-
day morning restraining the Corn _Ex-
change Bank from paying to D. J. Sully
& Co. the sum of $30,000, “a margin antici-
pate delivered to the order of D. J. Sully
& Co. on March 18." That was the only
legal proceedings taken against the firm
during the day and the disposition shown
among the creditors was to help the sus-
vended firm all they could, After Sully

ad accepted service of the injunction
he directed his banks to release all margins
standing to the credit of the firm, and this
produced more good feeling.

One small failure was announced during
the day. That was the firm of J. H. Gar-
rison & Co,, who did a small cotton broker-
age business,

If His Last Deal Had Succeeded—Lawson
Told Him He'd Lose.

Boston, March 19.--Six weeks ago Daniel
J, Sully came to Boston and spent an after-
noon in the office of Thomas W. Lawson.
Flushed with the success of his first six
months in the ring Sully declared that
after one more good play he would retire
and live on his profits

“How do you know but that they will
get you on that one more play?” Lawson
ix said to have asked.

“They can't,” Sully replied confidently.
“There have been afl sorts of newspaper
stories about the amount of money IT have
! made, but I don't mind telling you, Mr.

Lawson, that T have made just $6,000,000.

I've got it in clean cold cash, and one more

play which [ have outlined will net me

$1,000,000 more.

“Tt will take a few days to make the play,
but it ean be done and I’m the inan to do it.
There are only 60,000 bales to go on the
market, and] am the only man who knows
where they are. They will net me another

| fortune if 1 can put them on the market
avhen IT please.”

“That's all right,” Mr. Lawson retorted,
“but while you are planning to put the
60,000 bales on the market 10,000 men are
now lying awake to figure out some scheme
whereby they can be taken away from you.
Get out now and you will be safe; if you
rtay you will surely lose.”

= 7
z
~
™
™
=
=
zn
a

is
=
=
_
~—
>
ba]
=
~
=
z
x

BOY PICKPOCKET CAUGHT AGAIN,

Ten-Year-Old, Who Escaped From the
Juventie Asylum, Continued to Steal.
Allie Rosenthal, who is an expert pick-

pocket, although only 10 years old, and for

whom the police and the Gerry society
officers have been searching for three
months, was a prisoner yesterday in the

Essex Market police court.

On Friday night two detectives saw
him talking with an older boy in Houston
street. The older boy jostled women in
the crowd and a moment later Rosenthal
extracted a pocketbook from a woman's
pocket. The detectives arrested him and
alao the older boy, who said he was Harry
Miller, 20 years old, of 57 Willett street.
tosenthal gave a fictitious name, but
when he was taken to the Gerry society's
rooms he was_recognized.

On Jan. 8 the boy waa convicted of steal-
ing a pockethook and sentenced to the
Juvenile Asylum, He escaped from there
three days later and eviently had outeide
assistance. He was dressed in the uni-
form of the institution, but escaped de-
tection. Since then he has not appeared
at his father’s house at 8&2 Eldridgo street.
He was arrested in Second avenue about
a month ago on suspicion of being a pick-
pocket, but. was disoharged later in court.
There were no Gerry agents around then,
and no one suspected Rosenthal’s identity.

The boy looks younger than he is and
has an innocent, babyish face. No amount
of questioning yeeterday by either Magis-
trate Breen or the detectives elicited any
: information from him. He denied know-
ing Miller and refused to say where he
; had been since his escape.

The detectives said that the boy was
a valuable] asset to a professional band of
Fast Side thieves and that they got most
of his stealings. For that reason they
- alwaya saw to it that he was defended by

a lawyer when arrested.

He was sent to the Children’s Court and
. Miller was fined $5 on a charge of disor-
| derly conduct.

BOGUS COUNT BROKE HER HEART.

American Girl Says She Paid Thousands
for Man She Wed and Thought Noble.

‘ CLEVELAND, March 19,—Almost broken-
| hearted by a marriage with a foreigner,
| @ Cleveland girl, Charlotta Takacs de Dis-
| Kova, née Hart, has come back to her native
| city. Charlotta Hart is the daughter of
Louis F. Hart, vice-president and secre-
tary of the Hart Manufacturing Company.
She has filed a suit for divorce.

She met Julius Takacs de Dis-Kova, a
Hungarian, while travelling in Europe
with her mother. He represented himself
to be a count and very wealthy, the peti-
tion says. After their marriage she learned
that he was not a count and was poor and
in debt. She was foroed, she says, to pay
thousands of dollars to liquidate the claims
against him.

INDORSE ROOSEVELT AND PLATY.

Tompkins County Republicans Recognize
the Senator as State Leader.

IrHaca, March 19.—The Tompkins county
Republican convention was held here this
afternoon. Prof. E. W. Huffcutt, dean of
the Cornell College of Law, acted as chair-
man. Delegates were elected to the State
Congressional and Judicial conventions.

The State delegates chosen are: Congress-
man John W. Dwight, State Senator E. C.
Stewart, Assemblyman George FE. Monroe,
L. H. Vankirk, the Hon, Benjamin Conger
and E. P. Bouton. They were instructed
for Roosevelt. The Congressional dele-
gates were inst ructed for Congressman
John W. Dwight for renomination,

In a unanimously adopted resolution
the Roosevelt Administration was un-
qualifiedly indorsed. The same resolution
also contained a snub for Gov. Odell in ite
recognition of Senator Platt's leadership in
the State in the following terms:

We earnoaily extend to our senior Senator
Thomas C.. Platt, our sincerest congratula-
tions upon his wise and successful leadership
of our party in this State, and express the
hope that we may long continue to have the
benefit of his wisdom and guiding genius.

 

 

 

 

 

New Mexico Wants Roosevelt.

Las Vegas, N. M., March 19.—The Re.
publican Territorial convention, after a
long debate in committee to-day, passed
a resolution favoring Statehood.” The fol-
lowing delegates were elected and in-
structed for Roosevelt: Gov. Otero, Col.
W. H. H. Llewellyn, Territorial Auditor;
W. G. Sargent, Capt. W. FE. Dame, H. 0!
Bursum and D, J. Leahy.

 

Ichigh Delegate for Roosevelt.
ALLENTOWN, March 19. The Lehigh Re-
| publican eounty convention met. in the

couyt house with a large attendance, Capt.
| Frank D. Beary, Adjutant of the Fourth
; Regiment, N. G. P., was made chairman,
| Col. Harry ©. Trexter of the Governor's
staff, was elecied delogate to the Republican
| national convention to be held at Chicago.

He will vote for President Roosevelt.

eae aes etn se ener

  

 

 

Bridge Commisstoner Shea—What May
Happen When McLaughitn Comes Back.

The Democratic executive committee
in Brooklyn held a special meeting last
night on the call of Senator P. H. McCarren,
the chairman, to take action on the vacancy
in the Police Department caused by the
removal of Deputy Commissioner Henry
F, Haggerty. The twenty-eight members
of the committee were all on hand and
the proceedings, which were confined to
the single subject named, did not last more
than twenty minutes.

As soon as the roll call had been com-
pleted, Senator McCarren made a brief
statement in reference to the removal of
Haggerty, declaring that he had discharged
his duties in a faithful and efficient manner
and in accordance with the policy of the
new administration. Now, however, that
his place was vacant through the action
of Commissioner McAdoo, it was incumbent
on the executive committee, as the mouth-
piece of the organization, the present one
or more names aa ita choice of candidate
for the office, Senator McCarren then
asked that such action be taken.

These three names were then presented:
Arthur C. Salmon, of the First Assembly
district, a Tax Commissioner under the
Van Wyck administration; ex-Sheriff
William E. Melody of the Fifth district and
ex-Bridge Commissioner John L. Shea of
the Seventeenth district.

Deputy Fire Commissioner William A:
Doyle, leader in the Seventh Assembly
district and the representative of the anti-
McCarren element in the organization
also presented the name of ex-Sewer Com-
missioner James Kane, the leader in the
Third district, but Kane arose and with-
drew it, explaining that he would not be
a candidate for the place. ,

A viva voce vote was taken on the proposi-
tion to present the name of Salmon, Mel-
lody and Shea to Commissioner McAdoo
with the understanding that any one of
them would be acceptable to the organiza-
tion. There was no negative vote re-
corded, and the resolution will go before
Commissioner McAdoo as the expression
of the unanimous wish of the organization.

The Deputy Police Commissionership
having been disposed of Mr. Doyle tried
to start a factional discussion by askin
Sherif Hesterberg to explain why he hac
yesterday dismissed Bernard Bass, one of
his Seventh district constituents, from his
$1,800 a year place as equity clerk and
another of his constituents from his job
as deputy sheriff.

“In view,” Doyle remarked," of the fight
being made for autonomy,I think this in-
quiry is appropriate. Magistrate Higgin-
botham raised the point of order that the
question was out of order and Senator
MeCarren ruled to that effect.
Hesterberg said that he would refuse to
give Mr. Doyle any explanation of the re-
movals referred to.

Sheriff | district will be for Parker.

|

“ALL FOR PARKER. -

aepetareccemiee
Democratic Primaries Up the State Favor
Instructed Delegates.

Fonpa, March 19.—The followers of ex-
Senator David B. Hill were in complete con-
trol of the county convention held here
this afternoon to elect State, Congressional
and Senatorial delegates. Newton J. Her-
rick of Canajoharie was chairman and in
his remarks highly eulogized Judge Parker,
who, he said, would meet every require-
ment as a Democratic leader. These dele-

ates were elected without opposition to
the Albany convention on April 18: ex-
Mayor William A. Gardner of Amsterdam,
A. Z Wemple of Fultonville, and W. Jd.
Itoser of Canajoharie. ‘Lhis resolution was
adopted:

Resolved, That w’
of Judge Alton B. Sarker, Chief
Court of Appeals of our State,
conservative and loyal Democrat,
Presidency of the United States.

To-day's convention developed the fact
that some of the most prominent and in-
fluential Democrats of the county, who
in the past have strongly condemned the
leadership of Senator Hill, are now his
champions. Eugene Scribner of Glovers-
ville, a Hill Democrat, will be elected to
succeed James H. Brown of Cobleskill as
State committeeman of this district. i

Ecmira, March 19.--The Democrats In
the county convention to-day elected John
8. Stanchfield, Daniel Sheehan and Burr
McDowell delegates to the State convention
and instructed them to vote a8 a unit on
all resolutions favoring Judge Parker for
President. Ex-Congressman Hosea Rock-
well, William Lovell and ‘I bomas Milan
were elected delegates to the second State
convention. Hearst resolutions had been
sent here, but were sidetracked.

COBLESKILL, March 19.-At the Demo-
cratic primary election held here to-day
». C. Dow, D.C, Lawyer aud Cyrus Gordon
were elected delegates to the county con-
vention. They are for Parker. Hearst
put up a strong fight.

Kinaston, March 19.--Democratic ward
caucuses were held in this city last night
to elect delegates to the Asseinbly district
conventions on March 23, when delegates
to the State convention will be chosen.
In every ward delegates favorable to the
nomination of Alton B. Parker of this city
for President were chosen, At the caucuses
in the towns of Ulster county, delegates
favorable to the nomination of Judge
Parker have also been elected.

Mepina, March 19.- The Hill-Parker
faction was in complete control at the
Orleans county Democratic convention to-
day, having 28 out of the 44 delegates.
The following delegates were elected
to the State convention and instructed for

favor the nomination
Judge of the
a consistent,
for the

Parker: George Church of Albion, Fred
Clough of Holley and John Crowley of
Medina.

Lockport, March 19.—-The Orleans As-
sembly Democratic convention instructed
its three delegates to the State convention
in favor of Judge Parker for President and
George W. Batten for State committeeman.
This insures the reelection of Batten, for he
will have one and probably both Niagara
Assembly districts. A fight was put up In
Orleans against Parker and Patten in the
interests of Tammany, but Foley, the Tam-
many candidate for State committeeman,
got only § out of 46 delegatesin the Assembly
convention at Albion to-day. This Senate |

CORTLAND, March 19.—Cortland county
Democrats to-day indorsed Judge Alton B.
Parker for President, elected delegates to

At the close of the meeting Senator McCar- | the State convention pledged to support

ren told the reporters that he would cal
upon Commissioner McAdoo to-morrow
morning and apprise him of the action o
the executive committee and if necessary
point out the claims of each of the three
candidates presented.

Mr. Doyle, while not voting against
the submiasion of the three names, saic

that in his opinion the Police Commissioner | peen the birth place and boyhood home o

THREE NAMES TO BE PRESENTED
BY THE MCCARREN MEN.
They Aro Those of Ex-Tax Commissioner
falmon, ExeSherif?! Melody and Ex-
'
|

should be left untrammelled in the choice
| of his deputies. Mr. Doyle and his follow-
J ers were exulting last night over the ap-
j pointment by Corporation Counsel Delany
of Joseph T. O' Nei) as an assistant to Deputy
Corporation Counsel James D. Bell, in
| charge of Brooklyn, at a salary of $3,000
&@ year.

The SED was made over the head
of Mr. ll and without any consultation
with Senator McCarren, who, it is said,
ignored O'Neil’s claims to a berth in the
Law Department when he’ was the recog-
nized distributor of the patronage. O'Neil
is one of Doyle's active lieutenanta in the
Seventh Assembly district and_president
of the Society of the Sons of Erin. Mr.
Doyle said last night that the fight against
McCarren would be vigorously prosecuted
from his headquarters which would be
opened in the Temple Bar Building in a
few days.

There was a rumor in political circles
yesterday, that when Hugh MclA@ughlin
comes back from Florida in a couple of
weeks he will spring a surprise by forming
an alliance with McCarren against Leader
Charles F. Murphy of Tammany, throwing
James Shevlin, his former political chief
of staff, overboard, It was said that Sena-
tor McCarren would welcome such an alli-
ance and joyously install the former veteran
chieftain of the Kings county Democracy
as leader emeritus. It was also said that
Senator David B. Hill has been working
hard for a reconciliation between McLaugh-
lin and McCarren.

 

LOU PAYN TO GO TO CHICAGO.
Dutchess County Delegates Chosen in

Favor of His Sclection.

POUGHKEEPSIE, March 19.—At the two
Republican Assembly district conventions
held in Dutchess county to-day delegates
were chosen favoring the election of Louis
F. Payn as one of the national delegates
from this Congress district to Chicago.
The action of the conventions shows Mr.
Payn’s personal popularity, for the senti-
ment among Republicans in this vicinity
is strongly in favor of the renomination of
President Roosevelt, and it is well known
that Mr. Payn is bitterly opposed to the
President.

The First district convention named
the following delegates to the State oon-
vention, to be held in New York on April 12:
Congressman John h, Ketcham, County
Judge Samuel K. Phillips, Assemblyman
John T. Smith, Lorin J. Eggleston, John
Hunter, Myron Smith and Edwin G, Vail.
Second district, Robert H. Hunter, Court B.
Cunley, C. W. H. Arnold, W. E. Hoysradt,
C. M. Colwell, George Tremper, H. F. Vande-
water.

President Roosevelt's name was not
mentioned at either convention,

Hupson, March 19.—Louls W. Payn is
still very much in the saddle. The Repub-
licans of Columbia county held their con-
vention here to-day, and out of the ninety
delegates not an anti-Payn man had a
credential. Everybody was for Payn, who
himself occupied a seat in the convention
and who was cheered as he entered the hall
and took his place. No attempt was made
to indorse Kocsevelt, and his name was not
mentioned during the proceedings. Dele-
gates were chosen to the State and Con-
grove district conventions. Payn heads the
State delegation. Neither delegation was
instructed, but the seven delegates to the
Congress convention have announced them-
selves as solid for Mr. Payn as one of the
two to go to Chicago from this district.
The State delegation has made no personal
expression of opinion, but it will follow Mr.
Payn’'s lead if any contest arises.

‘The State delegates are Louis F, Payn,
Senator Henry 8. Ambler, Alfred W. Hain,
Edwin D. Howe, Charles Easelstyn, Charles
H. Hover and Mark Duntz. ‘Lhe Congress
delegates are J. Rider Cady, Herman Liv-
ingston, Sanford W. Smith, Edward C,
Hayes, Aaron B. Gardinier, A. Frank Bo-
gardus and Henry Hudson,

 

Senator Sher wood Defeated at the Primartes
CornNING,.N.Y., March 19.— The overwhelm-
ing defeat of Senator Franklin D. Sherwood
in last night's Hornellaville primaries fore-
shadows his retirement from the Senate,
where he has represented the Forty-first
district for three terms. His successor
will naturally come fromthe Firat Assernbly
district of Steuben county. It is believed
that the nomination will go to William J,
Tully of Corning if he will aceept. Heis a
member of an important law firm, identified
with important business interests, is 33
years old, an able speaker and has a wide
acquaintance throughout the district,

cn nenee ante tach inereaatata aia I ee

ie

 

|

{

 

(

eee
NR ee ee eee eee

 

his candidacy and passed resolutions |
highly complimentary to him 4s @ man, a
jurist and as a candidate for the Presidency.
The delegates to the State convention are
Hon. O. U. Kellogg, John A. Wayle and
James Dougherty. The following resolu-
tions were adopted:
Cortlund county is Justly proud of havin

Chief Justice Alton B. Parker and still claims
him as one of her distinguished sons, and our
whole people, irrespective of party, feel a
just pride in his character and career. There-
tore, the Democrats of Cortland county,
in convention assembled, do resolve that we
hereby express our. hearty appreciation
of Chief Justice Alton B. Parker as an upright
Judge, an able statesman and a_ sterling
Democrat. That we do further declare our
belief that his distinguished career and un-
tarnished record as 4 judge and_ his high
character a8 4 man, together with his superb
intellect, pleasing personality and other ex-
ceptional qualitieg, combine to render him
not only an ideal candidate, but at this time
the most available candidate that our party
can name for the Presidency of the United
States, and we therefore commend him as
such tothe Democracy of the State and Nation.
‘Also that we instruct the delegates this day
selected to attend the State convention from
Cortland county to do everything in their
yower in behalf of his nomination and to vote
n favor of so instructing the New York State
delegation to the national convention,

WOULD INSTRUCT FOR HEARST.

California Democrats Disgusted by the
Action of Their Central Committee.

San Francisco, March 19.—Tha Demo-
cratic State ogntral committee to-day
by viva voce vote adopted a resolution
eulogizing William R. Hearst and recom~-
mending that the State delegation to the
national convention be instructed to vote
ae a unit for him. The resolution was
presented by ex-Congressman Caminetti.
Ke was fiercely attacked by James H. Barry
of San Francisco and Edward Loske of
Woodland, who flayed Hearst as a traitor
to his party. Caminetti made a weak
defense, but it was evident that the great
majority of the forty members were ready.
No roll call was had, but the motion was
put and declared carried because of a pre-
ponderance of ayes. 4

Conservative Democrats were disgusted
by this indorsement. They say it is un-
precedented here for a State committee
to indorse a candidate.

STEUBEN COUNTY

Fassett Carries Hornelisville City and the
Town of Fremont.

Corntna, March 19.—The Steuben county
Republican caucuses held to-day were
overwhelmingly for the renomination of
Congresaman Charles W._ Gillet. In
Hornellsville a fight against Senator Sher-
wood lost Gillet the delegates from that
city. J. Sloat Fassett also secured the
Gaiagates from the town of Fremont. The
other thirty towns were solid for Gillet.
There were contests in several towns. ‘Lhe
city convention in Corning to-night unani-
mously instructed its delegates for Gillet.

SS

 

 

 

FOR GILULET.

 

Onetda County Republican Conventions.

Utica, March 18.—The Republicans of
the three districts of Oneida county held
conventions to-day for the election of dele-
gates to the Twenty-seventh district Con-
gress convention at Herkimer next Thurs-
day and to the State convention to be held
in New York city on Apr | 12 for the election
of delegates-at-large to the Chicago con-
vantion. In all three districta Congressman
Sherman was permitted to name his own
delegates, thus assuring his nomination and
reelection. The first and second districts
also elected delegates to the State nomi-
nating convention to be held next fall.

All the districts adopted resolutions in-
dorsing President Roosevelt and Gov.
Odell, The Hon. William E. Lewis of this
city will be the representative from Oneida
county to the Chicago convention,
Committeeman Warren Says Gov. @dell

Will Be Chosen State Chairman.

BurraLo, March 19.—Republican State
Committeeman William C. Warren of this
city, who is @ close personal friend of Gov.
Odell, this morning made the announce-
ment that Gov. Odell would be elected
chairman of the Republican State com-
mittee by @ unanimous vote. Mr. Warren
made the announcement to newspaper
men in the presence of State Committeeman
Grimm, who at one time was counted as
one of Senator Platt’s followers. Grimm
nodded assent. to Mr. Warren's declaration.

 

 

Roosevelt Men Sclected.

ALLENTOWN, Pa., March 19.—The Repub-
lican county convention elected to-day
Col, H. C. sxler of Gov. Penn ker's
staff as national delegate, and A. H. Ulrich
as alternate, No instructions were given,
but it is known that Col. Trexler is for
Roosevelt. The State delegates elected
were Dr. C. 8. Martin, William H. Anewalt,
Daniel Davis, Samuel J. Evans and William
F. Pascoe,

sa a a ee tee SO aE

res

The Pianola

With the Metrostyle

IT HAS been said that “ There
is no royal road to learning.”
The one exception—of latter-day
creation—is learning to play the
piano by means of the Pianola.
Brilliant runs and intricate finger-
play no longer present difficulties.

The felt-covered fingers of the
Pianola strike the keys just when
and how they ought to be struck.

But there is nothing mechanical in the music that
results. The player, being relieved of all concern about
technique, gives heart and soul to the interpretation.
Delicately adjusted levers yield absolute control over tempo,
phrasing, and all other elements of expression.

The Metrostyle is the most important development of
the plano-player idea since the Pianola itself was first pro-
It is an invention which means so much to the
world of music that the enthusiasm it evokes is apt to be

 

The
Royal

Road”
to Music

 

duced.

mistaken for exaggeration.

@ Briefly, the Metrostyle is a contrivance by
which the person with no musical training what-
ever is enabled to render a composition with
the artistic finish of a virtuoso. Anny petson
who aims to keep abreast of the times owes it
to himself to hear and understand something of
this wonderful invention which is destined to
have a most important, far-reaching influence.
q Pianola, $250; with Metrostyle, $300.
May be purchased on monthly payments.

The Main Weber Piano Warerooms are now located at Aeolian Hall

THE AEOLIAN COMPANY, Aeolian Hall, 362 Fifth Avenue
Near Thirty-fourth Street, New York
Selling Agents: FREDERICK LOESER & CO., Brooklyn; LAUTER CO., Newark

 

NO YELLOW PERIL FROM JAPAN

BARON KENEKO'S VIGOROUS DE-
FENCE OF HIS COUNTRY.

 

Ex-Cabinet Officer Here for a Long Stay
—Says Japan Is the Good Samaritan
of Asia and Her Defeat Means the
End of Western Civilization There.

Baron Kentaro Keneko, Minister of Jus-
tice and of Agriculture in Japanese Cabinets,
who has come to pay an extended visit to
the United States, talked for two hours toa
roomful of newspaper men at the Holland
House yesterday.

On his way across the oontinent from
San Francisco he had been held upon every
possible occasion by the newspaper men, he
said, and he made up his mind to gather all
the interviewers together after his first
night's rest in New York and talk till all
were satisfied.

Besidea being a graduate of the Boston
public schools and of Harvard University,
class of '78, Baron Keneko read law in Bos-
ton with Justice Holmes of the United
States Supreme Court. He not only has
an easy mastery of English, but speaks with
no little eloquence.

First of all, he said, he wanted to correct
the impression that he was here on an offi-
cial mission. Though he still is in politics,
as he called it, in Japan as a life member of
the House of Lords, he comes to the United
States as a private citizen to study economic
conditions, making the St. Louis exposition
the centre of his observations.

Ever since the Philadelphia Centennial
in 1876, in his student days, which, he said,
practically opened his country’s trade rela-
tions with us, he been an enthusiastic
advocate of the world’s fair idea. What
that exhibition did for Japan's commerce
with the Eastern States, the Chicago world’s
fair had done for the West and North-
west, he said, and now he hoped the St.
Louis exhibition would introduce Japanese
manufacturers to the South.

Baron Keneko dilated at great length on
the possibilities of Japanese trade with the
South. His country imports 40,000,000 yen
worth of cotton annually besides drawing
upon us for her tobacco supply. In return
there were innumerable verenise articles
of domestic use, he said, that the climate
of the South ought to make acceptable.

When he got around to the war Baron
Keneko went back to the China-Japanese
war of 1895 to explain the situation.

“The Japanese Emperor's sole object
all along,” he said, “has been the preser-
vation of the peace of Asia. We held off
from the war until we were forced into it.
It is absurd to talk of a little nation of
147,000 square miles of territory and a
population of 45,000,000 seeking war with
a country 8,666,000 square miles in extent
and with 140,000,000 inhabitants.

“When Russia occupied Manchuria after
the Boxer troubles we took her promise
to evacuate by Oct. 8, 1903, without ques-
tion. When the day of evacuation came
she had increased instead of diminished
her forces in Manchuria, Then we began
tedious negotiations that carried us farther
and farther from agreement.

“at last, when the gulf became too wide
to be bridged, our Government at 2 o'clock
on Feb. 5 notified our Minister Kurino at
St. Petersburg that we found it impossible

to negotiate any further, and he informed
pours Lamsdorff that he would depart for
ome.

“On the same day Baron Komura, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Baron
de Rosen, the Russian Minister at Tokio,
had their last meeting and Baron de Rosen
so informed his Government. Forty-eight
hours later, on Feb. 7, we were free, ac-
cording to international law, to take any
action we saw fit.

“Baron Komura at Tokio and Baron
Kurino at St. Petersburg are both graduates
of the Harvard law school; the former was
a classmate of Mr. Moody, your Secretary
of the Navy, and the latter was in the law
school, I believe, at the same time that
President. Roosevelt was in the university.

“If Japan was successful in obeying the
highest requirements of international law
in this matter it is but another debt she
owes to the country where her Ministers
got their training.

“It wasn't until Feb. 8 that we found
the Russian warships at Chemulpho and
the battle was fought that began the war.”

Baron Keneko grew eloquent on the
subject of his country’s debt to America.

“Every department of the Japanese Gov-
ernment has been developed and organ-
ized under the advice of Americans,” he
gaid, “and we realize that it has been the
unselfish ORL est of the United States to
bring us to Western civilization in the most

aceful and friendly way without en-
croachment and without hurt.”

He spoke bitterly of the efforts of the
European press to stir up religious preju-
dipe agsinst Japan by raising the cry of
a “new crusade” against the pagan.

“Freedom of conscience is guaranteed } book,

 

a
ee

 

by the Constitution in Japan, and even
in the Government departments Christians
occupy positions of the highest dignity,”
he said.

“Even if the war could be said to be be-
tween an and Christian, it seems to me
that in this century the question ought
to be, which has the just cause? It doesn’t
seem like true Christianity to say that the
pagan fighting in a just cause must be
trampled down.”

Then he told the story of the good Sa-
maritan. ‘

“Isn't Asia,” he said, “the place of the
wounded and robbed traveller, and can’t
Japan claim to be the Samaritan? Jesus
Christ himself praised the good Samaritan,
who was a gentile, above the man of his
own race.

“Another attack that is being made on
Japan is the cry of the ‘Yellow Peril.’ It
seemes to be a remembrance of the time
when the Mongols invaded Europe. Japan
herself suffe from that ‘Yellow Peril.’
For twelve years the men of Japan fought
Kublai Khan, and when they were slaugh-
tered the women and boys took their places
in the ranks.

“We have never menaced Europe, toes
Europe has many times menaced us, e
have tried to act as the pioneer of Anglo-
American civilization in Asia and seek to
persuade China and Corea to follow our own
example,

“If we fail in this war they will ay ‘Look
at Japan, what has her Western ci llzation
profited her, She has been crushed down
and humbled. It is no use following in her
footsteps.’ I assure you, gentlemen, if we
fail Anglo-American civilization will never
flourish in Asia.

“We are fighting this war single-handed.
If we fail we will not blame any one. We
will not complain of lack of support in
Europe, and under no circumstances will we
take the Chinese as allies.

“Now, after fifty years of effort and with
the assistance of your people we have come
abreast of nineteenth century civilization,
and with civilized methods and aooordin
to the rules of international law we will
fight our life and death struggle. We oount
on the apirit of the Samurai, backed by
mageerp ieee to yin our battles.

“The Japanese soldier cares nothing for
his life when his country’s honor is in the
fight and when Japan's army of 675,000 men
is gone there will 45,000,000 left to resist
invasion.”
Baron Keneko will remain in this country
till after the Harvard commencement in
June. Before leaving New York for 8&t.
Louis noxt Friday he intends visiting the
cheap jewelry manufacturers of Attleboro,
Mass., and some of the textile plants of
Connecticut.

 

Uptown Early Morning Service.

The first services for uptown nightworkers
were held at half past 2 this morning in th
Church of St. Francis Assisi, West arty.
first street, near Sixth avenue. Low mass
was celebrated by the Rev. Eusabius Schling-
mann, rector. This is the third church
in this city holding early morning services.
——e ae

GRAPE-NUTS.

FOOD’S WORK.
How It Cured Paralysis.

 

 

 

Paralysis comes from weak nerves and
bad blood and is often cured nowadays
by proper feeding.

“For fifteen years I was an invalid, haven't
walked a step for over twelve years, not
able to move my feet, or even my toes.”

“But recently a wonderful thing has
happened, for I had never expected to
have the use of my limbs again; a four
months’ diet of Grape-Nuts Food for break-
fast and supper made the change, and
now, just think of it, I can move my toes
freely on my left foot and a little on the
right foot, and can let the foot piece on
my chair down and swing my feet vigor-
ously, which I think is a wonderful im-
provement for the time I have used the
food.

“And that is not all! My blood and my
stomach are 80 much better I am confi-
dent my trouble came from too much rich
food and an overstrain of the nerves, but
my nerves are much better, my mind is
clearer and I don't forget things like I did.
It must be the food, for I stopped taking
medicine years ago for the paralysis.

“Of course I fave the sympathy and
prayers of many Cristians, but it is won-
derful what good pure fpod will do for
one out of health, and why would it not
be as good to keep one’s health up? I have
heard lots of others praise Grape-Nute,
Rad (atactby Hatin! Someagt Bi

ostum Co
Greet, Stich a ay mpany, Battle
ere was a well defin
which came from weaketed Calne te
blood trouble, and which began yieldin,
Grae NEts wan eubesinted for lrepre
8 u ‘0
teed in each pre, tor th eg i
. for the
Road j ellville.

Sy famous little

   

Horner's
F urniture

Famed as
The Best.

Stocks Unequalled
in all lines.

Prices the Lowest
at which Fine Furniture
can be sold.

R. J. HORNER @ CO.,

Furniture Makers and Importers,

61, 03, O05 West 23d St

Fo
AND EXHIBITIONS,

 

 

 

ARR RO AAA

Fifth Ave, Auction Rooms

238 Fifth Avenue.
WM. B. NORMAN, Auctioneer.

ON EXHIBITION

MONDAY, TURSDAY AND WEDNESDAY, \
March 21st, 22d, and 28d.
FROM NINE A, M. TO SIX P. M,

THE PRIVATE COLLECTION

~ OF

Mr. Harlan A. Pierce,

The Well-known Editor, Book and Art
Collector,

gathered by him during over thirty years’ connec

tion with the Journal of Commerce, Commerc

Bulletin, Commercial Advertiser, Dial, and P

delphia Record.

COMPRISING IN PART.

RARE OLD CHINESE AND JAPANESE PORCBs
LAINS. POTTERY AND BRONZES. A LIBRARY
OF CHOICE ART BOOKS IN FINE BINDINGS,
Greek, Latin, and Modern Classics and Histories,
including several limited and De Luxe editions.
OIL PAINTINGS BY D1AZ, INNESS, LAMOIR-
INIERE, AND OTHERS. EUROPEAN PORCE-
LAINS, ENGRAVINGS AND ETCHINGS. A COL-
LECTION OF DIAMOND RINGS AND JEWEL-
RY, ORIENTAL RUGS AND CARPETS, A MUM+
MY BANGLE OVER 38,000 YEARS OLD, OLD
VENETIAN ENAMEL ON 18k GOLD, FIRST EM-
PIRE AND MARIE ANTOINETTE SOFT PASTB
VASES, MING, KHANG-HI, AND OLD JAPANs
ESE PORCELAINS, ONYX AND TEAKWOOD
PEDESTALS, STATUARY, TEAKWOOD CABI-

 

 

TO BE SOLD
DAY, FRIDAY & SATURDAY,
March 24th, 25th, and_ 26th,

at Two o'Clock Each Day,
and FRIDAY EVENING, March 25th, a6
Eight o’Clock.

FINE LIBRARY AT AUCTION.

A fine collection of books, includin
choice first editions of noted authors, edi-
tions de luxe, finely illustrated books,
choice sets of standard authors, specimens
of fine bindings, etc., will be sold at
auction,

Monday Afternoon and Evening, Mar. 2ist,

AT THE ROOMS OF

THE ANDERSON AUCTION CO,
5 West 29th Street.

A MIDGET TOWN HALL.

Harrison Boasts One 12x25 Feet, Heated
With an Oil Stove.

Mount VERNON, N. Y., Maroh 10.—The
town of Harrison, Westchester county, has
completed what is probably the smallest
town hall in the United States. The build-
ing is 12x 25 feet, contains one room, heated
by an oil stove and cost $275. The hall
was erected through the efforts of Robert T.
Shore, the new Town Clerk. Shore's Demo-
cratic predecessor, Frank P. Coxe, is a

ocer and for years transacted the publio

usiness at his store, The new clerk tried
to hire a building in the centre of the town,
but he could not find any suitable, so, rather
than put the residents to the trouble of
driving to his home or the house of Supere
visor ling, several miles from the rails
road station, he had the Town Board sanoe
tion the building of the minfature hall.

 

   
   
 
 
        

Alfred

REISENAVER

on his phenomenally
successfal American tocar.
WAREROOMS
141-143 Fifth Ave.,

Near Twenty-first Street.

Iustrated booklet on piano con-
structionsentfreeon application

 

THAT REMINDS ME
The Best 1s

OLD
CROW
Y

WHISKEY

In our registered bottlesonly. All dealers

H. B. KIRK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N.Y.

 

   

INSTRUCTION.

ARAN SARA AA

Business Colleges.

THE THOMPSON
BUSINESS SCHOOL.

20 FOURTH AVE. 38TH YEAR
The standard of work for a third of a century
has been refiected in the success of more thal
sixteen thousand graduates

Bookkeeping, Stenography, Typewriting, 1o-
dividual instruction. Spon. all summer. Fight
school. Cal! or write.

 

School of Languages.

FRENCH ACADEMY, 108 East re
instruction. Eight lessons master Fremob
Aak circular. _ = ¥