a

RULE “DAN SMITH” OFF TORP,

TED, TIPSTER ACCUSED NEW

0
. XORLEANS STEWARDS.

 

Bet Heavily on Arden and Intimated
the Horse Was Not Placed as He Fin-
tshed—Hainiand stumbles, in the
stretch and Is Beaten by Mauser.

Had

x gw ORLFANS, March 19.—With the closing
of tho regular racing season in this city Al-
F, Mathews, known as “Dan Smith," a

t
Fae and horse owner, was practically
ruled off the turf. Mathews made the accu-

gtion that the stewards were “crooked,”
and when he appeared before the officials
to-day did not deny or confirm the state-
ment, The ruling issued by the stewards
tonight Was:

por violation of Rule 66 we disqualify Albert F.
Mathews from all privileges of the turf.

The trouble dates back to the last race
of laut 1 uesday, when Arden, a well played
good thing, Was beaten a nose on the post
for third money. Arden in this race was
played from 10.to to 18 to 5. Mathews
ifter the race walked into the press stand
and said that Arden’s not being placed third
bad cost him $5,000. He displayed a large
package of pool tickets and showed that
hehad stood to winafortune if Arden had

Pegard F. J. Bryan was in the press stand
at the une and informed Mathews that he
was likely to get into trouble for displaying
«yeh a Dumber of tickets and all but making
the accusation that the horses were not placed
as they finished because they were heavily

played, Mathews replied that he never
wanted to impress any one with the fact that
anything Was Wrong,

The incident was all but forgotten until
teeduy when Murray and Breifogel, two
correspondents, appeared before the stewards
and made the charges that Mathews had
stated that the judges did not place Arden
third because too much money was bet on

him. Charles F, Wilson, the trainer of Arden,
was summoned before the stewards. He
said that Mathews had told him that Chicago
turf correspondents had been paid to boost
his Scotch Thistle in the columns of his paper
and had also reflected on the satear ity of the
local and visiting turf correspondents. The
rewepi per men at once demanded an in-
vestigation

The track was deep and heavy to-day.
It was typical get-away-day racing. Favor-
ites were far from being first home at the
wire, The crowd was @ large one, despite
the inclement weather.

In the new Louisiana Stakes Mauser was
returned the winner. Rainland, who finished
second, and who was only beaten a head on
the post, was much the best horse in the
race, but stumbled in the stretch. There was
votbing of special interest in the other events.

Virst Race—Stx furtongs—Maritana, 110 (Fuller),
(tot, Won: Alllsta, 110. (J. Mathews), 2 to 1, second:
Luraiiguter, 115 (W. Hicks), 4 to 6, third. Time,
1164-8. Josette, Migs Gould, Second Sight, Lady
Contrary, Lady Free Knight, Neither One and
Gracious also ran.

Second Race--One mile and 70 yards—Santa
Teresa, 1% (Aubuchon),7 to 1, won; Potente, 107
(J. Mathews), 5 to 1, second; Dr. Carrick, 118 (W,
Wicks), 7 to'1, third. Time, 1:50 2-5. Henry of
Franstamar, Trocadero, Dorothy Osborne, Jove,
sea Lion, Whitmore and Fearful also ran.

Third Race—Five and a half Turtongs— Lede
Radnor, 106 (Aubuchon), 10 to 1, Won; Sharp Bird,
111 (Calvit),@ to 1, second; Extralaw, 95 (Livings-
ton), 5 to lt, third. Time, 1:00 4-5, _ Responsive
Our MAltle, Caterpillar, Hopeful Miss, Bride, Tom,

-Collins and Legation also ran.

Fourth Race—New Loutstana Stakes; one mile
and a quarter—Mauser, 95 (Livingston), 9 to 5,
won: Ralnland, 108 (T. Dean), 4 to 1, second; Gravina,

112 (Fuller), 9 'to 2, third. ‘Time, 2:13 1-5," Hymet-
tus. Conundrum and The Regent also ran.
Fifth Race—Stx furlongs—Foxy Kane, 110 (Rob-

hins), 3 to 5, won: Katle Powers, 04 (J. Hennessey).
8 to 1, second: St. Tammany, 108 (Schilling), 16
to 1, third, Time, 1:16. Malster, Harmakis and
Optional also ran.

Sixth Race—One mile and a sixteenth—Tancred,
110 (Livingston). 8 to §, won; Moderator, 108 (Lynn),
® to 1, second; Midshipman, 86 (Crimmins), 8 tol
third. Time, 1:58. Deer Hunter, Alcom R., Arden,
Lee King, Bourke Cockran, Uranium, Antagonist
and Aules also ran.

 

At San Francisco.

SAN Franecraco, March 19.—The attraction at
Oaklasid this afternoon was the Thornton Stakes, at
four miles, The track was a sea of mud and only
four horses started. M. J. Daly's three-year-old
Sallor Knot led for three and a quarter miles, whep
Veterano went to the front and won with great
See from Rio Shannon. It wasa procession. The

ner is hy Rey EI Santa Anita, the American
Derby winner.

First Race—Seven furlongs—Billy Moore, 105
(Bonner), 18 to 5, won; Batidor, 100 (Travers),
16 to L, second; Decoy, 106 (Mountain), 5 to 1, t
Time, 1.32. Assessment, Algaretta,
gar, Carlec and Impromptu also ran.

Second Race—Futurity course—Matt Homan
110 (J. Daly), 6 to 5, won: Flaneur, 105 (GQ. Smith),
@to 1, second; Bard Burns, 118 (See), ® to 2, third.
Time, 1:18 3-5, Alice Carey, Rollick and Captivate

so ran,

Third Race—One mile and a furlong—Mr. Far-
num, % (C. Smith), @ to 10, won; The Fretter, 104
Travers), 13 to 5, second: I'ille d'Or, 98 (Gros-
thwalte), lito 2,third. Time, 2:01. Mr. Dilge and
Arthur Ray also ran.

Fourth Race--Thornton Stakes, four miles—

\eterano, 100 (.f, Martin), 9 to 10, won; Rio Shannon,
110 ‘See), 7 to 1, second; Sailor Knot, 88 (W. Daly),
tto 1, third. Time, 7:37. The Way also ran.
Fifty. Race—Six  furlongs—Misty Pride, — 97
Travers), 4 to 1, won; Ocyrohe, 95 (Crosthwaite),
@ to 5, second; The Hawatlan, 0 (C. Smith), 8 to 1,
third. Time, 1:17. El Piloto, Letola and Box
Tider also ran.

Slith Race—One mile and seventy yards, handi-

 

 

 

can—Arabo, til (J. Martin), @ to 1, won; Warte
Jeht, 195 (Knapp), 6 to 1, second; G. W. Trahern,
07 (Bonner), 14 to_ 1, third, Time, 1: Oce:

5 hi . an
ream, Hainault, Keynote, Modicum and Kentl-
worth also ran.

E. R. Tho mas Said to Have Offercd $20,000
for the Colt Helle,

While the reported offer of $25,000 by EB. R.
Thomas for Golden Maxim has not as yet
heen acgepted, it is said that the millionaire
turfman, through his partner, Alexander
Shields, has made a proposition to Fred Burlew
for the three-year-old colt Hello. The price
named is $20,000 and Burlew has submitted
the offer to his partner, Newton Bennington.
Hello is known among the trainers at Graves-
end as “the Locomotive” and is heavily en-
gaged in the three-year-old specials this sea-
son, It is common talk among horsemen
that Mr. Thomas stands ready to invest
$209,000 in high olass horses this year, his idea
being to stand at the head of the winning
owners at the end of the coming Campaign.

Join A. Drake's Wyeth, the American
Derby winner of 1902, will be retired tem-
Dorarily to the stud this year, but will return
to the turf next season,wuen he will be en-
vonee some of the big handicaps as a nix-

M. J. Daly will ship Claude from San Fran-
cisco to Memphis next week to run in the
Montgomery landicap. ;

cing on the new Union Jocke

eck at St. Louis will begin on Coie

© programme books for the first twenty-
six days of the meeting were distributed
pang turfmen yesterday, No purse will
© less than $400 and there are numerous
events worth $1,000. The track is nine
jalnuves ride from the World’s Fair build-

ockey Arthur Redfern has arrived here
from Los Angeles. He will bein riding
5 4 free lance at Bennings, as he has made
Ry emuler engagement for_ the son
elther has Burns, who was Redfern's riva
ne employ of the Whitney stable last
‘ Danny Lynch, who was ruled off the turf
te the W caters Jockey Club last year,
hee tene to raid the Chicago tracks unless
of § reinstated. Lynch was the manager
Ww ugilist Tom Sharkey when regres
\ yatt Earp decided that the Sailor ha
bd Fitzsimmons on a foul.
" ack Phillips will bring what might be
med a stable of jockeys to the metro-
i en aoka eas Feet te ater, of the
. . who has s. w omas
«& Shields. The latter’s brother, C. Phillips,

bing gene” and Nicol make up the com-

The racing firm of Middlet
on & Jung*
bluth has not _yet decided whether to send
The Picket or Santon East this spring. Both
or et’red In the various handicaps, but one
men Nil be reserved for Western engage-
Nant Sbasne® Picket ran go.1e good races here
Tony \ste, the “Bootbl
Tony Aste, ack
flved at Bennings from New
wiped with fair success all winter.
hy i e Shaw arrived at Gravesend yeater-
one Bennings, He will have the mount
siiee pe, Hitchcock's Castalian in Ben-
mn * Handicap next Thursday.
All of the prominent members of at Wash:

ing,” has ar-
rleans, where

ropolitan Turf Association will go on at Wash-
'ngton It is said that at least sixty ke

wi
mootine” operations on the first of the

Cornell Faculty Disqualines Captain and
Manager of Hockey Team.

ernie N. Y., March 18.—The Cornell
ae to-day disqualified Manager Arm-
oe, and Capt. Ellis of the Cornell hockey
oe from representing Cornell in any col-
lew an because in a recent geome in
wed an ineligine coateat to eb on a
(eam under an assumed name, ..

      

Bealash NI: { place of Howard Earle, manager of the Ilion
‘team of the New York State League, who

{

{
{

PES Ce
ne

a EE CL CCC

eteeienet ditto egies iene ee Se
’

Fence =ifeoa Gnmae teas
tl ee en

 

BASEBALL IN THE SOUTH.
Both the New York Nationals and Amert-
cans Win. ,

BInMINGHAM, March 19.—The New York
Nationals: found the Jocal Southern League
team a much swifter proposition in to-day'’s
exhibition, although they won handily by a
score of 12 to 7. Strengthened by the ser-
vices of a new second baseman and with the
success their new pitcher, Blackburn, earned
for hia efforts in the early innings, the Bir-
Mingham element made things interesting
up to the sé@venth round. Then McGraw's
prize batters met his delivery with ease
and the end was no longer indoubt. McGraw
decided to use Ames and ‘Taylor in the
pitcher's box, and when after warming up
Ames announced that his arm felt sore,
MoGraw told him to go in and take It easy,
thinking the local batters were too easy to
consider seriously.
But another and very diverse condition
developed. The Slag City aggregation found
Ames easy in both the first and fifth innings,
when their best hitters came to the plate.
Ames refused to listen to the advice he re-
ceived several days ago and has been too free
with speed in practice. Taylor, who pitched
the last four innings, showed splendid form.
He had good control and not a single safe hit
was made off his delivery. Both pitchers
were well supported in the field Dab en,
Bresnahan and. Wortes did some star perform-
ing, and Dahlen made one of his sensational

 

assists. The score:
NEW YORK. BIRMINGHAM.
BR. HM. P. A. R. H. PA. Ee

Brown, rf...2 1 1 0 20000
Br'n'hn,8b..1 8 1 2 21200
McGann,ib..1 0 8 1 01231 0
Mertes,LL,.1 1 1 0 22810
McC'r'ck,ch.1 2 2 0 01180
Dahlen, 88..2 2 4 4 090232321:
Gilbert, 2b..1 0 1 2 600610
Warner,c,..1 0 6 2 006246
Bow'rm'n,c.1 0 3 0 11012
Ames, p....0 0 0 1 0og0110
aylor,p...0 1 0 0 — me ome
fDupn......1 0 0 0 7 6°2312 7
Totals.. .12 10 27 12

*McCormick out for interference.

?Batted for Ames tn the fifth taning.
New York’......sssss0rs 102023285 0.12
Birmingham...........8 000400 0 0—7
First base on errors—New York, 4; Birming-

ham—1. Left on bases—Now York, 4; Birmingham,
2. First base on balls—Of Ames, 3; off Taylor, 1;
off Blackburn, 4. Struck out— Ames, 5: by
Taglor, 1; by Blackburn, 3, Two-base hits—Bres-
fan Lynch, Alexander.
Bresahan, Dahlen,
Wild pitch-Blackburn.
Time—2

, Browne,
Pine ay Blackburn, 1.
assed ball—Wamer. Umpire—Wood.

hours.

NEW Yor (A. 1.), 6; ATLANTA, 9.
ATLANTA, March 19.—Jack Powell and Bill

Wolfe of the New York Americans were

wizards in the box.to-day, and the Atlantas,

with a tuch stronger team out than yeater-
day, were whitewaghed at 5 to 0. owell
held down the box for five innings, and not
a hit was made off him or anything that re-
sembled it.

Wolfe worked the last four innings, and
was hit for three ecateared singles, one made
by Thoney of New York, The shar kind
of fielding by Atlanta cut off sever: ew

York bids for hits. Kleinow caught fo

Atlanta and panded ores Bner ably and

m e@ one W TOW

pee rennet ne the New Vorkers had to
ustle for their runs.

A couple of errors helped them, but they
made the most of qyery, opportunity and
varied their batting tactics adyan-
tage. Anderson, Williams and nzel fielded
in splendid fashion for the major leaguors
and Conroy was pretty ively.

Fultz was fast in all departments and
romises to be in fine fettle panty this near
One member of Griffith's “torpedo” flotilla,
the same consisting of Conroy, Fultz, Keeler
and Elberfeld, little but dangerous, was mise-
; fela has gone home for a few days

to nurse his injured leg.
In the fourth inning to-day Beville drove
a screaming liner over the left fleld fence
for a home run, The other hits were made
by Conroy, Fultz, Anderson and Unglaub,
who played short. Jack Chesbro has written
to Manager Griffith that he will report nex
week and that he is down to 173 pounds an
fit. The score:

New York.........8 001000
Atlanta.........6.05 0000000
Batterles—Powell, Wolfe and Beville; Hardy,
Cribbens, Torrence apd Klelnow.

AT ANNAPOLIS.

 

 

R. w. B.

Gallaudet. .. .1000004 0 O-§ 513
Annapolis... (043862 8 2..—81 B 4
Batterles—Menier, Curtis and Jackaon; Needham,

  

Hughes, Van Auken, Stiles and Symington.
COLUMBIA'S BASEBALL COACH.

H. Siegie Replaces Howard Earle
—Promise of a Good Nine.

Aft -r considerable delay, Columbia has
secured a baseball coach for the season, in

J.

has been ill for some time, The new coach
ia J. H. Siegie, also of the Ilion team, who
has a great reputation as a pitcher and out-
fielder, Siegls took hold of the candidates
yesterday afternoon for the first time, de-
voting especial attention to the twirlers.
The pitching department is one which needs
extra attention this year, as Columbia’s best
slabman, H. ©. Gearin, was graduated last
May. Siegle expects to get good results,
however, with ane riers Harry 4

of last 6 ‘varsit an
Orant, pote and H, G. Cannoe of the ‘068
class team. Besidea these there are two new
men of great promise in this line—W, A.
Callaghan, ‘07, P. and S., and A, Saunders,
‘05. The former, who played on the hockey
team this past Ata a {s a Canadian who
pitched at McGill University and Saunders
played at Philllps-Andover Academy and at

ity of Maine.

we a riorce is beginning to have its effect
on the men and they are judging groundera
and batting in improved style, The sore areas
are gettne Mie into normal condition pnd

m o

Gore on woush Field, he nine will be able
tga, Spent euaine ds Kel Bs.
n e . PJ.

pu M. McPhullipe and #. Cotter of the Main-

at ie

College team have been pi sing
in the eage with the Columbia men have
been ai mg Capt. mbach, durin, © ab-
sence of the regu coach, in drilling the
new men.

More than thirty candidates are out trying
for the freshman clase team. The first game
acheduled for the '07 team will be p on
South Field with the Polytechnic Prepara-
tory School of Brooklyn, E. C. Bailly, o:
of the first year, is a prominent
for the pitcher's place. He ts having a tu
with O, Woodward, 8. Hard and W. 8, Simp-
son for the position, D. Mayer and 8. Moore

the best of the backstops, while J. H, A,
Williams is showing up #o well tn the tnfie.
that it is likely that he will make the varsity
nine.

 

Baseball Gossip.

Manager Hanlon of the Brooklyns is in
town making preparations for the coming
Southern trip. Hanlon will leave here to-
morrow morning for Washington, taking
along Doyle, Cronin, McCormick, Batch,
Jacklitsch, Ritter and Lumley. Theother mem-
bers of the team will report to Hanlon either
in Washington or in Columbia, 8. O., where
the Brooklyns will begin training.

After a stay of two weeks at Columbia,
Hanlon’s men will go to Richmond and other
cities, jnecing yushington, and Baltimore,

m games.
10h Sta a oneyan wants his release from the
St. Louis Nationals. He says the Robisons
ve no right to reserve hii as they owe

im $4,000 in back salary, and he has made
an appeal for his release to Chairman Herr-
mann of the national commission.

Comiskey says the American League race
will be a long, bitter. strugese between a
New York, Philadelphia, Cleveland a
Chicago. He declares that with Geor
Davis back on his Chicage team the Windy
sae at cages out 8 t ie Pence. sees,

, the mana ° .

Seocna Hane this year, third base being cared
or by either Clark or Dundon. Davis at
shortstop will fill a big hole in the infield,
while with Fielders Jones, Green and Holmes,
Comiskey thinks his outfield will be as fast
as they make them. He has a fine array of
itchers and catchers, and the whole team

rapidly rounding into shape in the South. .

E. Pitou, Jr., Wins in Columbia Fencing
: Trials.

As the result of trials held among Columbia
University fencers recently a team of three
men, consisting of W. E. Withrow, ‘04; E.
Pitou, Jr., '04, and L. E. Mahan, ‘04 Jaw, has
been chosen to represent the Blue and White
in the intercollegiate fencing meet at the
New York A. C., April 1 and 2, Teams from

 

nnapolis, Yale, West Point, Cornell, Uni-
versity of Penns Ivania end Harvard w
com: n the cham 8) ;
ve. PRO. Jr. ‘captain of the Rolembia Re
elf superior
feam ates and esives the medal a
Dr. A. G. Lawrence, & former

annually b
be: f the Columbia team, te the
encer in the ‘university. ae, bea a

aca a Te defea arom

f 1k
Withrow defented Head; Withrow defeated
ME eee OF the contest were Charles
g. Bothner, New Yors A. oi PF. a
Hamnond. ¥o") ‘irving, New York Fencers’
tiub. and A. i Allaire, New Y Turn

 

 

METROPOLITAN ASSOCIATION AN-
NOUNCES THE CHAMPIONSHIP.

 

Conditions Made More Liberal to Draw
Larger Field—A Club Prize Added fn
the Four Bali Match-—Team League
in Washingten—Summervilie Final.

A number of changes in the conditions
to maintain an interest in the tournament
to players who fail to get into the cham-
pionship have been made by the Metropolian
Golf Association thia year, the first time
any concession has been made to attract
others than the few really high class players.
The tournament committce, Charles F. Wat-
son, Lionel H. Graham and George L. Hubbell,
announced yesterday the programme for
the tournament, which will be held at the
Garden City Golf Club May 25, 26, 27 and 28.
The firat half of the annual home and home
match with the Philadelphia Golf Association
will be played at Philadelphia on the Saturday
before the tournament, May 21.

The qualifying medal play, at thirty-six
holes, will be on May 25. The beat sixty-
four will qualify for eighteen holes match
play, except the final, which in each case
will be thirty-six holes. In the event of there
being less than sixty-four starters, only
forty-eight will qualify, and the committee
reserves the right to cut the medal play round
to eighteen holes. The match play will be
as follows:

First Thirty-two—Championship and prizes.

Third Sixteen—-To compete for a cup.

Fourth Stxteen--To compete for a cup.

Beaten sixteen tn first championship round—To
compete for consolation cup.

The annual four ball match, the pairs to
be from the same chub, at eighteen holes
médal play, will be on Friday afternoon,
May 27, and tho thirty-six hole medal play
handicap on the closing day. All rated at
17 or under on the handicap list may start
in the championship, while the four ball
match and handicap are open to all mem-
bers. The handicap limit is 18strokes. A

‘banner for the club represented by the win-

ners of the four ball match is a new prize

for this year and alsoa silver medal to the
runner up. The prize list follows:

Champtonshtp—(a), M. G. A.  champtonship

n this plate shall be Inseribed the name

of thé winner and it shall be held for the year by

the winner's club. Should this plate be won three

times by any player or players of any one cluh, it
shall become property of that club. ib) Gold
medal to winner. (o) Silver medal to runner up.
(a) ze mod best score in qualifying
round. (e) Oups for the third, fourth and de-
feated sixteen for first thirty-two.

Four Match—Bronze medal! to each of win-

fcapa—Sitver cup for winner and a bronze
for maker of best cross score.

The Meadow Brook Hunt has one, Garden
Gry Gon Club two and the Naseau Country
Club two wins on the Metropolitan plate, the
title holder being F. 8. Douglas of the last
named club. A clause added to the pro-
gramme reads: “All entries are subject to the
approval of the tournament committee.
Contestants entering for the tournament shall
be considered to have subjected themselves to
the authority of the tournament committee,
mgee ecision on all points shall be final
While this power has been understood, it has
been thought best pOnaie the rights of the

ain: and a ban thel 5
ng patr a ner to thelr club
medal

detail, for in the discussion of
a violation of the rules at the last champlon-
ship, the point was made that the U, 8. G. A.
and not the committee was the ruling body
in the matter. Championship entries close
with F. A. Snow, 15 Wall street, on May 21.

An interclub league for team matches has
been fo: by the three Washington chsbs,
the Washington team playing at
bia links on April 30, the Coluinbia team at
apery Chase on May lt! or 21, and Chevy
Chase on the Washington Club's course on

ay 28. The open spring tournament of the
Chevy Chase Club will be on May 5, 6 and 7
and that of the Columbia Golf Club on May
19, 20 and 21.

SUMMERVILLE gC. March *19.—In the
final for the Pine Forest Inn cup ay
J. Denny defeated A. H. Canfield, by 6 up and
ry play.

 

Leonard Tufts, chair of the committee
of the Pinehurst, (N. cy Country Club, sends
out the following dates for the annual “North
and South” championships: Women’s, April
4and 5; men’s, April6, 7 and 8; open, April 9.
In the amateur events there will be match
play cups for every set to hand in cards, be-
sides many special competitions.

lo and soft links put competitions out
ofarare esterday in the M. G. A. district,

It was ne ad,” and the pleasant
weather brought out hundreds for practice
rounds.

Prvenurst, N. C., March 19.—The follow-
ing players qualified for the consolation match
play, handicap tournament, begun to-day:

Men—A. M. Rowley, Springfield Country, Mass.,
01, 16—75; George W. Ro! Oak Hill, Rochester,
88; 11--77; Dr. E. R. Ogden, Washington, Chicago,
06, 16—61; F. P. Lee, Magimiscock, Milford, Mass.,
0.15 0 O- A. Mosher. Troy. cS an } ee

. arrison vannamotsu rovidence, yi
W. Murdock, Cold

Women % Ca oes
110, 1882: Ute B. Tomkins, Baltusrol, 108, 14—94;
Miss Ethel 8. Check, East Orange, N. J., 119, 25—04;
Miss W. V. Cullen, Baltusrol, 123,'27—00; Mra. M. B.
Byrnes, New York, 119, 22-07; Miss L. K. Priest,
t. 121, 23—08; Miss S. A. Cutler, Albemarle,
Newses. ee 25—101; Miss A. R. Taggart, New York,
121, 27-104.

LAKEWOop, March 19.—Lakewood was up
against a good proposition to-day, warm
he warmest since last November,

at the Country Club. By 10:45
o'clock over fifty players had left the first
tee. With the frost out of the ground, the
course has had a d deal of attention,
and is in first rate shape. The greens are
hardly better at tournament time. Seven-
teen men eeate me cares to count in pne
r u y ndicap, an FP. m-
bafl, Lajprond, ores off best gross with
1, Ww his handicap of ten strokes gave

to him the prize cup. The scorea:
F. P Kimball, Lakewbod, 01, 10—81; "Jaspe
Lynch, ey 02, §—83; C. N. Aitzse, Yountakan,
H. PF: Witney. Naseau, 03, 6—86: J.

od, 62, 6—86; B. H. Roberts,

B. ward, Deal, 106, 18—68
Nassau, 97, 6-80; H. I°. Crall, En
80:3, M: Pepper,Philadeiphia Goun . 101
00; F. A. Potts, Lakewood, 106, 1 iJ. C. Par

F t 6 .
Shinnecock Hilis, 108, 18—90; A. B. Ashforth, Apa-
wane, 108, 18-00; W. A. Paton, St. Andrews, 108,

dl
Club, -ll—
bd C. Tish,

 

BIG OFFER TO FITZ.

Philadeiphia Club Ready te Give a Purse
of 6,000 for Him to Box Six Rounds.

That Bob Fitzsimmons is still a drawing
card is shown by the fact that yesterday
the Cornishman received an offer of $5,000
from Bert Crowhurst to meet the winner
of the six round bout between Marvin Hart
and Gus Ruhlin which takes place to-morrow

ight at Philadelphia, Fitz willnotify Crow-

urat of his acceptance to-morrow. Fitz,
owever, wants the gorse to bea guarantee,
and it is likely that the club will yield.

If the pall ia brought about {t will take
ad Second Regiment Armory where

om Sharkey and Jack Munroe had it out
ese Wpexe REO. | ie a large Dince, ca bie
O ver 7, persons. a
of Botuae, fe sald to be in good sha Bob
declares that he will be ready to fight inside
of three weeks time.

Crescent A. C. Trap Shooting.

Crescent A. C. men held the last shoot but
one for this season at Bay Ridge yesterday
and some excellent scores were made. The
race for the March cup, the third leg of
which was contended for, was the feature of
the day. Three men tied for the trophy
with 21, They were Frank B! Stephenson,

well M. Palmer, Jr., and Capt. A. W. Money.

he scores go into their mouthly averages,
eo that there was no shoot-off. A. G. South-
worth won the next event at fifteen targets,
making fourteen breaks from scratch. Threo

 

 

tied for ru up, George G. Steph
Frederick T Bedford, Jr. and Dre He I.
"Brien, each of whom made 12. With a

ht score of twenty-five A. G. South-
wo! also Won a compesitae the next men
being Erekine H. Lott and T. William Stake,
each of whom made 23. Dr. H. L. O'Brien
Wop. fourts with 22. :
e next event was a Af ioon-tarees trophy

to

hoot three men tied; they wer ‘
Btaphenaon, kine H. Lott and Dt ar
, nm with In the shoot-o

‘A. G. Bouthworth, eagh of whom
There was no shoot-off, the
into the monthly averages.

targets per Cy lo : H . Vand
veer captal te and bel!
$ibsed a bid of five ‘birds tor bin side
ah RR opt team the
S targets to V. Ms oar 6 ag gation,
Hor rs see al match at twenty:
gets ©O the un; F b.
pass saa 2 bate
being mae oi

BILLIARDS.

Dr. A. B. Miller and Flortan Tobias Win
at Amateur Billiard Club.

Dr. A. B. Miller and Florjan Tobias were the
winners yesterday afternoon in the 14-inch
balk line billiard tournament for the cham-
pionship of the Amateur Billiard Club, Both
made good averages, Dr. Miller's being
6 28-87, and Tobias’s 5 35-43;

Dr. Miller played against J. B. Blair and
finished ahead by a score of 250 to 197, Blair
won the break and missed, which gave Miller
a chance torun12. From this point on Miller
always held the advantage of his opponent.

Miller's best streak was in the soventh and
eighth innings, when he made strings of
35 and 33, These brought his score to 82,
an average of 11 4-8. He had another strong
spell from the twenty-first tothe twenty-
third innings inclusive, with runs of 17, 13
and 11, His average would have been higher
than it was if he had not fallen off in his play
from the thirtleth to the thirty-fifth innings
inclusive, when he made only eight points.
On the next two he made 7 and 11, and so
finished the contest.

Dr. A. B. Miller—12, 1, &, 7, 1, 0, 85. 88, 0, 5, 5,
14, 1,0, 4, 14, 0, 1, 0, 17, 18 }

6, 1, 1, 7, tL. Total,
run, 35.

J. B. Blatr--0, 8, 2, 2, 6, 0, 0, 5,
4,2) 14, 0,0, 8, 21, 10, 8, 0, 16, 7, 6, 2
Total, 197. Average, & 12-87,

Tobias defeated W. W. Varlin by a ecore of
250 to 191. For a time the game was first a
few points in favor of one player and then in
favor of the other. Farlin began with 14,
but his opponent followed with 19. Farlin
again regained the lead with 12, A run of 20
by Tobias in the tenth inning, another of 15
in the twelfth and still another of 12 in the
fourteentlr gave the lead to him by 78 to 43.

Tobias held the lead from this stage to the
finish. In the thirty-third inning he was
within three points of being 100 ahead. ter
Farlin rallied with five double-figure runs.
He made 21 in hishalf of the thirty-third.
Beginning with the Soirty-apvensh tires times
he counted so well that his consecutive runs
were 14, 17 and 18, and in the forty-second,
when Tobias wanted only one, he made 11.

Florian Toblas—1, 4, ©, 19, 0, 3, 2, 0, 0, 20, 1,
15, 1, 12, 1, 1, 0, 6, 20, 15, 1, 8, 1, 0, 18, 6, 4, 13,
0,'10,'0, 7, 6,0, 1, 15, 14, 0, 4, 0, 23, 0, 1,'—Total, 260.

~
a
bas
-
2

Average, 53543. High run, 23.

W. W. Farlin.—1, 14, 3, 0, 0, 12, 1,0, 1, 0, 7, 3, 1, 1,
0. 1, 6,0,0. 1,2, 12, 0, 2, 11, 1,4, 8 9, 0, 0, 0, 21, 0,
1 4,18, 17, 14, 6, 6, 11,—Total, 101. Average, 4 23-42.
High run, 21.

Maurice Daly has arranged a tournament
at 14-inch balk line that will Regin on March
28, The entries are: C. E. W rite, who re-
cently won the tournament at the Fifth Ave-
nue Hotel; Dr. Walter G. Dougias, Charles
Barker, F, M. Canda and E. F. Loewenberg,
Each man will play 250 points. There had
been talk, which grew out of the Fifth Avenue
tournament, of a
White and Douglas, but as they are both to
play ori Daly's the special contest has been
ropped.
A 14-inch balk line match between Dr. L.
L. Mial and Edward Gardner is among the
possibilities. Both competed in the tourna-
ment at the Liederkrang Club for the na-
tional championship.

According to news from Paris, Maurice
Vignaux Was quoted before his last cham-
pionabip mre over George Sutton, as
ollows: “I think I ought to win, as I have a
liking for the game, and consider that it is
much more interesting than the 18:2 combina-
mon he one sees a much greater variety of

nota.

Sutton, on the other hand, favored the 18:2

ame, and said: “I consider that 18-inch
Falk fine, one shot in, cuts out lots of scien-
tific billiards, and it is tiring for the public
to watch, For this reason I do not think the
18-1 game will ever be popular.”

YALE BASEBALL AND ROWING.

Baliplayers Not Yet Able to Practise
Outdoors—Crew Candidates.

New Haven, Maroh 19.—Manager Reed of
the Yale baseball team stated to-day that
it would be about ten days before the squad
could get outdoors. On this account it is
possible that the Trinity game before the
Southern trip may be cancelled. The men
have been working into shape in the cage,
and the prospects seem fairly bright. The
pitching corps, where Yale has been s0 weak
of late years, consists of MacKay, formerly
of Georgetown; Bowman, Jackson and Allen.
MacKay has terrific speed, good control and
curves. The men have all had systematic
batting practice according to a new scheme
of Capt. Winslow's, and it is hoped that this
deficiency of former Yale teams will be reme-

died.

From present appearances the make-up
of the team will be somewhat as follows:
Catcher, Capt. Winslow, with Erwin as sub-
stitute.| Bowman will probably be placed
on firet {f the other pitchers turn out well.
Metcalf will fe to his old position at second.
O'Brien will be shortstop. Huiskamp, a
freshman from Andover, will very likel
cover third bag. The outfield positions will
be filled by Barnes and Coté of last year's
‘nine and Miller, shortstop of the "02 team,
with Green and Hamilton as substitutes.

With the formation of the training table
the past week the first stage in Yale crew
deve opment has been closed. These eight
men will form the nucleus to which others will
be added: Cross, Miller, Fish, Weeks, Chase,
Blagden, Whittier and H. Scott. Capt. Cross,
Miller and’ Whittier rowed on last year's
victorious eight; Fish was in the ‘03 winning
four-oar, Blagden rowed in the ‘05 freshman
boat and Cross, H. Scott and Weeks in last
year's freshman, It is rather early to make
predictions, but it is probable that the ‘varsity
eight and four will be made up from these men
together with Whitney, etroke of the '06 boat:
Daly of the '02 varsity, Wilson, B. Scott and
Shaw, ‘04, all men of considerable experience;
Bailey and Meier, substitutes of last year,
Dominick and Ferguson, Coach Kennedy
is much pleased with the results of the new
rowing machines, the first work on the water
showing that the men have acquired a hard,
Dre Caton, an important requisite in the Yale
stroke.

Sobedule for Basketball Champlonship.

The basketball committee of the Metro-
politan Association of the A. A. U. held'a
meeting on Friday nigbt at the St. Bartholo-
mew A. C. to legislate on protests and to ar-
range the playing schedule for the cham-
pionship. Six teams are entered and not one
of these were protested. They aro the Cen-
tral Y. M. C. A., Young Men’s Hebrew Asso-
ciation, National A. C., Newark Turn Verein,
Ravier A. C. and Greater New York Irish

A. A.

Each team will play every other team,
making sixteen gumes in all, and the entire
series will take place at the National A. C.
gymnasium, 11 and 13 Cedar street, Brooklyn.
There will be two games a night on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays and the
faEies will be played according to the fol-
owing schedule:

March 28—Central ¥Y. M C. A. vs. Young
Men's Hebrew Association, National A. C, va.
Newark Turn Verein,

March 80—Xavier A. C. ys. Greater New
York Irish A. A., Central Y. M. C. A. va.
National A, C.

April 2—Young Men'‘s Hebrew Association
va. Savier A. C., Newark Turn Verein vs.
Greater New York Irish A. A.

April 4—Central Y. M. C, A. va. Xavier
A. €., National A. C. vs. Greater New York
lrish A. A. a

April 6—-Young Men's Hebrew Association
vs. Newark Turn Verein, National A. O, va.
Xavier A. C.

April 11+Central Y. M. C. A. vs. Newark
Turn Verein, Young Men's Hebrew Associa-
tion vs. Greater New York Irish A, A.

April 13—Young Men's Hebrew Association
vs. National A. C,. Newark Turn Verein ves.
Xavier A. C, ‘

April 16—Central Y. M. C. A. vs. Greater
New York Irish A. A.

Colum bia Basketball Team to Compete
at Wortd’s Fair.

larry A. Fisher, manager of the Columbia
basketball team, announced yesterday that
the college team, the intercollegiate chafh-
pions, will compete in three championship
contests at the Olympio sports at the Louisi-
ana Purchase Exposition at St. Louis, this
aummer. As members of the Earl Hall
branch of the Y. M.'. A,, the Columbia divis-
jon of that body, the team will take partin
the championship class for the Y. M. Cc. A.
which will be played July 18 and 14, The
Piympic chatnpionship advertised as the
“world’s championship" will be contested
July 15 and 16. On July 18 and 19 the national
college championships will be played.

Ail the contests are held in a open air court,
which will have no pillars along the sides
to interfere with the players, The best teams
of the country will be entered in the various
classes, but tern ex 8 consider that the
Columbia players. will have an_ excellent
chance to carry off the honors. In the col-
lege adiones Columbia wil) meet the University

 

 

mnnesota, the Western intercollegiate
mpions, who were 80 eager to have a series
Be ie ren will macoubeetly
prove bard for {fr ‘olumbia players. ,
oan * o will eres etrip are Francis

; ; tain and centre;
Hisher cat Bocanrd RB. Von Shells; I

Met ae cH Pruett, eit fen a
’. D. Trubenbach, T. B.
©. W. Cuthel, tadbaibeioe as i Aifen snd

Cc

——$$< i@@$§$ $n
a

ee nights match between |

!

   

Bene Bob

divmmavatst Near Yese’s

G rend Cannel Tuanancead tee’
rm won wey Noth, — Ran Down

NON: he Racal ac bale Bias
ds ;

     

Relm Biack Per,
Maweh 21 fay
ts bt Red
J inte tokung inthe
Abnk Arh t 4th
Newt York

oot jm acne there. Nw sean leave by te Sul
Shia en sa) (Gk tare: ened, { ;

ay

So eres °

We? te a ( Some’ seb, Sure om ek.

Rath 4, Hare’ s la dascias LO

 

FOR ATHLETES
AND PHYSICAL
CULTURE
ENTHUSIASTS.

ao

FOR ALL WHO
WANT HEALTH.

2

WHERE THE CIR-
CULATION 18
WEAK THIS BRUSH
WILL PRODUCE
WONDERFUL BE-
SULTS.

2

BRUSH, WITH FULL
DIRECTIONS, 81.00.

THE SPINAL BRUSH CO,,

1133 B’way (St. Jamca Bldg.)

oa
RELIEVES

NERVOUSNESS,
INSOMNIA,
NEURALGIA,
RHEUMATISM,
LUMBAGO,
LASSITUDE,
EXHAUSTION,
BRAIN FAG,
PARALYSIS,
LACK of ENERGY,
FACE ACHE,
HEADACHE,
BACKACHE.

ao

By Friction
and Stimuia.
tlon Increases
Circulation,

Recommended by the
Medical Profession.

 

Room 1330, New York City, U.S. A.

BILLIARD AND POOL TABLES
BOWLING ALLEYS

We meke better bowling alleys than any one else
fm the bv ness; ask any expert bowler.

BAR FIXTURES

in stock for immediate delivery, $100 up.

Store Fixtures, Cabinet Work

Designs anc cstimates on application.
The Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.,
Salegroom, 227 and 229 Fourth av., cor. 19th st.

 
  

Arranging Athletic Contests for World’s
Fatr.

The championship games committee of
the A. A. U. of the United States held its
meeting yesterday at thie New York Athletic
Club house to make final arrangements for
the events at the world’s fair, St. Louis,
during the season of 1904,

Those present were Walter H. Tigtngor,
presides, Milwaukee A. C.; E. E. Babb, Bos-

n A. A,; Thomas F. Riley, Cambridge A. A.;
Harry McMillan, Atlantic A : Bartow 8.
Weeks, N. Y. A. C; James KE. Sullivan, chair-
man of the committee, and John J. O'Connor,
Western association.

The committee will be in session several
days, and
ments for the entire year.

Robert C. Kammerer, the representative
of the German Government to the Olympic
gumes, presented a petition stating that it
was the desire of Dr, Gebgardt, chairman of
the German Div pig committee, to have the
swimming chimp onships held in the édrly
part of September, and no doubt the com-
mittee will comply with the request and hold
the evente on Sept. 5, 6and 7. It was also re-
quested by the German Government that all
championships be grouped within a limited
time, This was found impossible owing to

ropores to make final arrange-—

the fact that dates have been positively set ,

and cannot be changed at this late day.

 

 

THE ELIXIR OF LIFE.

A Startling New Discovery that
Appeals to Old and Middle Aged
Men Whose Vigor is Failing
or Vitality Flagging.

 

 

 

USED LOCALLY AND GIVES IMME-
DIATE RESULTS.

 

New Life, New Sensation, New Circula-
‘ tion, New Growth.

 

I have labored indefatigably for 20 years
{n the field of Diseases of Men. My name
and my reputation are known here and
abroad. I treat nothing else. I cure my
cases. I have thousands of,Jiving, breath-
ing, honest and incorruptible proofs of my
skill and knowledge in this City and in every
State of the Union.

   

pe j

But all that I have done for 20 years does
not compare in importance with my latest
discovery—The Elixir of Life. Its powers
and properties are as wonderful as those of
Radium, and more far reaching and practi-
cal than any known remedy.

By its secret use old men can be made
young again—can taste once more the vigor
and fire of early youth—can throw off the
shackles of feebleness—incompetency and
bid eterility farewell.

This is not newspaper talk, nor vain
boasting, nor empty claims. I POSSESS
THE SECRET AND CAN PROVE TO YOU
AS I HAVE ALREADY PROVEN IT TO
OTHERS,

If you are interested, write me to-day,
Your letter will be held secretly confidential,
and my sealed reply (accompanied by abso-
lute proofs) will startle you. Daily, 10 to 12,
2to4,7to8p.m. Sunday, 2toS p.m.

DR, HENRY H. KANE,
~ . 388 West S4th Street, New Yor

 

 
  
 

HORSES AND CARRIAGES.

 

 

 

{Established 1834. |

JM. QUINGY<CO,

Carriage Makers,
NEWARK, N. J.

NEW DESIGNS FOR (904
NOW ON EXHIBITION.

Elegant Panel-boot Victor-
las in 3 sizes.

Broughams, Omnibuses,
Coupe Rockaways.

Our famous Station Wagons
in great variety of design
and finish. »

New Model Hansom Cabs.

Many Novelties de-
signed for the
approaching

Spring and Summer,

Warerooms and Factory,
Division St. . . Newark,
Take the Leckawanua EKaflread,

Street,

from Christopher er Barclay
thirty minutes from New York.

 

 

ESTABLISHED 45 TEARS.
WILLIAH H. CRAYS
63 WOOSTER ST.

BUILT TO WLAR,
QUALITY GUARANTEED
WILLIAM H. GRAYT’S.

 

(Established 1867.)
VAN TASSELL & KEARNEY'S
Auction Sales
OF HORSES AND CARRIAGES
ARE HELD REGULARLY EVERY
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY.
(Commencing at 10 o'clock.)
AT THEIR HORSE AUCTION MART
130 and 132 East 13th St.
* Between Third and Fourth Aves., New York.
Catalogues ready morning of cach sale, Pur-
chasers will always find a large and interesting list
Wo select from.
Those desiring to sell can make entries at
any timo up to & P, M, the day before the sale,

 

BIG SALE OF HARNESS & HORSE
_ LANKEDS,
One Whin to every Harness purchaser tiils week,
Buggy Harness, 6.50; extra guallty, 11.00 & 14.00,
Extra Heavy Breast Collar Harness, big Bargain,
16,00; Licht Business Harness, 18.00; Eatra Heavy,
21.00, Double Farm Harness, 21.00,
Lined Stable Blankets, 80 cents.
Square Street Blanke 1,00,
PETERS HARNESS & SADDLERY co,
88 West Broadway, ncar Chambers St., up stairs.

 

A.—A handsome, attractive, young, sound
reliable family and runabout Cob; also Kentucky
bred saddle Cob; has all the ralts; also fast trot-
ter, 2:1544, and children's Pony; elegant Brewster
Brougham, Victorla, Statlon Wagon, family Sur-
rey (seats four), Tenox Trap, Stivers Runabout,
Speeding Wagon; all rubber tired: single and double
Harness, liniported Sa Saddles, Robes, Blankets,
Riding Hablt, Livertos, Matting, Fixtures; no cash
offers refused. PRIVATE St BLE, 65 Madison
av., near 27th.

 

SCRATCHES! SCRATCHES! SCRATCHES!

 

 

<onDOM

| cs ; Carving the .
NE wine He Rakuet Great Offre, Miekunt |Fashion of a

WG. { teens Ob Soom as 1 hea «from: orm

Noes os x een

Fred

New Doublet

Makes a tailor lie ten sights
awake. 4

Yet all tailors carve more or less
alike.

CROSS LEATHER GOODS
are unlike any others in the world.

From the finest Harness that
England makes to the daintiest
glove-leather belt for an Easter
waist.

loves —saddles — hosts

of refined Easter gifts.

Always the glass of fashiqe an¢
the mould of form. .

Two Fold Value
in Double Harness

 

Best American ideas—expressed fa bighest
¢ English workmanship.
All CROSS Hamess made fm strict sccord+:
ance with appointment rules of National Horse
Show Association,

Special Light
and single—embodying ideas af America’s
leading gentlemen drivers.

Cross Easter
Specialties

Soft Kid Belts for ladies—Paquin Ge

sign —colors.. .... eed tee
Cross Light Kid Gloves for ladies —
glaces, sucdes.. 22... scree cece EO:
Famous English Quorn sewer es EO

Cross Hand Envel
very smart—containing purse
card case—all ieatene from.,..

——new and

and

gram Fobs, with straps.......... 6-52 —
Cross Sturdy Walking Gle crcccee TSO .
Pigskin Jewel Boxes, from,........ 2-50:

En Tout Cas—sunshade and umbrella
combined—several colors silk —very

fashionable in Enrope.....-..... 10.50

'Cross Workshops
for Bag Making

 
  

Known thronghout England.

Correctness and superiority recognized
wherever the pilgrimages of travellers reach.

New shipments of CROSS Black Harness
Leather Bags—-for people of quiet tastes.

Celebrated CROSS Kit Bags and Solid Sale
Leather Suit Cases.

Pigskin Bill Fold
and Card Case

Finest of all pocket cases—acquires rich
mehouns ny polish with age—constantly more
res ‘abie,

and-sewn—spaces for bills, cards, tickets

and stamps— folds small,
Prized by gentlemen every where.
Price, 61.50
Plain Bill Folds, from 50 centa

 

Dr. Cattanach's Emoilient gives Immediate relief. Advertised Goods on Sale

No poultices or bandares necessary.
Tt allays the Inflanimation and heals at once.
Price $1 a box, at the principal saddilers and at @
CATTANACH'S VETE!IINARY INSTITUTE,
247 West 55th Street, near Broadway.

eee arnt eee eee ee
THE BEST PLACE
DiEy
CARRIAGES AND MARNESS,
ation Wagons a 8 falt
WM. R. BISHOP, 36 Warren St.

Up-te-Datc Goods,
MODERATE PRIOKS.

BREWSTER VICTORIA
: TOR SALE.
Sp.endid condition; large size; elegant famtiy car-

 

» mage; Wi) sell for less than half orginial cost.

A
PRIVATE STABLE, 1080 Madison av., above fasta

BUSINESS WAGONS, 42.60 WEEKLY PAY-
MENTS; ALSO FURNITURE VANS AT hb:
FORD WAGON WORKS, 754-760 BEDFORD
Atha eee v 3311 WILLIAMS.
7.

DOGS

 

 

DOGS AND BIRDS,
A mn npn,
Many litters tn all varieties of chotoe

{oy specimces Ry ee sro, A colleo-
on of from jee alwa,
on hand, Costar Kennels, 424 Gi Ave. N. Tr

at All Cross Stores

MARK CROSS CO.

LONDON .
The World's Greatest Leather Stores.
Downtown: - 253 Broadway,
Oppesite City Mail.

UP- \ 210 Fifth Avenue,
TOWN: 1132 Broadway,

Between 25th and 26th Sts.
Boston—20 Summer Street.

 

BOD.
Cross new English Seal and Mane + Gas

 

<7)