———————

fir WATER FOR BIG FIRE,

Low PRESSURE HAMPERS FIRE-
OWEN IN. FIGHTING BLAZE,

4 Half Hour Is Wasted Before Effective

streams Are Turned on Horner's
storage Buliding—Member of Firm
says Lack of Water Caused Big Loss.
4 fire that started in the  furni-
ture srorage building of R. J. Hor-
ner & C04 ab 109 West Twenty-
fourth street, yesterday morning, gutted
the building. The firemen were

greatly hampered by insufficient water
pressure, and it was nearly half an hour
after the arrival of the first engines before
enough water was obtained to make an
impression on the flames.

The fire started on the third floor, which
waa used as a packing room, probably
from defective insulation of electric light
vires. The employees tried to fight it
with the apparatus they had on hand and
no alarm was sent in until the blaze had

got away from them,
On the third floor were ten men and a

woman, some of whom got out by the rear
fire escapes while others jumped ten feet
to the roof of 397 Sixth avenue, _ George
Linder of Fort Lee broke his leg in Jumping
tothe roof. and he was taken to the New
York Hospital. Benjamin F. Sherwood of
a0 Tenth street, who was on the fourth
foor when the fire started, had his hands
and face slightly burned,

Deputy. Chief Howe, who commanded
the New York firemen at Baltirnore, arrived
with the first engines and immediately
sent in a second alarm. Then he led the
men of Engines 19 and 1 into the building,
They dragged hose to the second floor and
waited, in the heat and dense smoke, for a
strong stream to stiffen out their lines.
Only a drizzling stream came and the
chief was obliged to order his men back
to the street. Then two engines were
sent to Seventh avenue in search of better
water pressure and more time was lost.

When Acting Chief Binns arrived he
sent ina third and fourth alarm. He soon
had plenty of engines but at no time did
they have water enough to do their best
work. A request for more pressure was
sent to the Department of Water Supply
but the flames had reached the seventh
floor before any increase in the service
became apparent. Six lines of hose at-
tached to the water tower gave a pressure
of only thirty pounds instead of the usual
eighty, according to Chief Binns.

R J. Horner, Jr., a member of the firm,
said that the loss was from $175,000 to $200,-
ono

“It was nothing less than an outrage
that there wasn't more water pressure,”
he said “The lack of pressure caused
the great loss, I am disgusted with the
whole affair.”

Mayor McClellan received a report, last
Wednesday, from Water Commissioner John
T. Oakley, regarding the advisability of
installing salt water mains.

The Commissioner's report pointed out
that there is always a sufficient eupply of
fresh water to cope with the average volume
of fires in this city. What is needed, ac-
cording to the report, is more pressure and
a larger system of mains. He recom-
mended that three pumping stations be
erected in the congested shopping district
to supply water at @ pressure Of 300 pounds.

FIRE IN TEFFT WELLER’S.

Employees Put It Out Quickly and Wonder
What Caused It and Others.

The clerks in the wholesale dry goods
house of the ‘Tefft Weller Company, at
326 Broadway, got a bad scare yesterday
afternoon when fire was discovered in the
subcellar, where large quantities of goods
are stored. Following the alarm, volumes
of smoke began to pour up the elevator
shaft and there was a hurried preparation
for a general exodus,

The fire was in the corner of the building
at Broadway and Worth streets. As soon
as it was discovered a number of the em-
ployees ran into the subcellar, manned
the fire buckets and stretched the fire hose.
They had the blaze out before the Fire

partment arrived. The origin of the
fire is a mystery.

Although the damage was a mere trifle,
it caused the firm a great deal of anxiety,
as this is the fourth or fifth fire that has
started in the store within a few months.
With one exception, these fires have all
been {n the subcellar and their origin has
not been determined. On account of in-
surance regulations, no smoking is allowed
ie Bore eh ; ;

t is thought that certain employees
have tried to evade that regulation by
smoking on the quiet ih the subcellar.

THE BROOM TRUST.

Manufacturers in Doubt as to Whether
It Can Control the Market.

Fonpa, N. Y., March 19.—Although the
broom manufacturers of the Mohawk
Valley have signed options with a view of
turning over their plants to the $13,000,900
broom combine, which, it is said, will be
organized next week in Chicago, some
of the manufacturers are vets much in
doubt as to the feasibility of such a com-
bination.

They argue that it requires but ve
little capital to engage in the broom busi-
hess compared with other manufacturing
industries, and that it will be utterly im-
possible for the proposed trust to control
the broom corn market, to say nothing
about other supplies necessary in the
broom business.

Options on the Mohawk Valley plants
given to the promoters have expired sev-
eral times, but in some cases they have

n renewed, The options will expire
@gain on April 1.

 

 

 

 

 

BUY ALTON BRIDGE.

Agreement of Ten of the Roads tn St. Louts
Terminal Assoctation.

Representatives of the railroads com-
posing the Terminal Railroad Association
of St. Louis held several mestings in this
ety last week, and it was announced yester-
day that as a result of the meetings ten of
the fourteen roads of the association had
agreed to purchase the Alton Bridge. The
purchase of the bridge has been under
iscussion for some months, but was op-
posed by the Rock Island interests.

Ata meeting held two months ago Presi-
dents Ramsey of the Wabash, and Yoakum
of the Frisco, and Receiver Mallott of
the Vandalia were appointed a committee
to investigate the advisability of the pur-
chase of the property. Their report was
favorable, and ten of the roads joined in
the purchase. The price of the bridge was
put, it is said, at $3,000,000.

 

 

Temple Iron Co. Elects Officers.

Reapina, Pa., March 19.—The annual

meeting ard electionof officers of the Temple
Iron Company was held here this after-
noon. These officers were elected: Presi-
dent, George F. Baer; vice-president, Archi-
Fea . Law of Scranton; directors, W. H.
=vesdale, president of the D. & L. R. R;
Th ' ““nderwood, president of the Erie;
omnes Fowler, president of the N. Y.,
z & W.R.R.; TI. A. Stearns, Jr., Maxwell
’. B. Thomas, president of the L. V. R. R.;
Albert Broden, superintendent of the Read-
ee Iron Company furnces, and Joseph
Alvis, ex-president of the Reading.
ieeagul sce sesasemcenes
FINANCIAL NOTES.
., movement is under way to form a pool of
etd Spike manufacturers to include the
i inois Steel Company, the Tredegar Iron
orks and Dilworth, Porter & Co.
novi’ United States Rubber Company has
n tified the trade of a 7 per cent. advance in
rybber footwear prices on account of a further
hee in ernde rubber since the company
‘tnounced prices on Feb. 1.
inpames Taleott, chairman of the recent meet-
& of bondholders of the Standard Rope and

wine Company. j W_ A. Nash,
President of the ¢ has appointed W_ A. Nash

  

    
   
   

‘orn Exchange Bank; Dumont
resident of the American Exchange
Bank; Charles E. Orvis and G, T

ery, aA committee to act for the
m Iders in the formation of a plan for
Peeting the financial needs of the company.

* bondholders meet again on Wednesday,

later a fifth member of the committee
be named.

 

  

    

   

 
 
  

 

 

 

   

  
  
 

 
   
 
   

|

 

LAE Me FN CY ONE LYON Tm \

GOSSIP OF WALL STREET.

 

There was strong evidence yesterday that
the bull crowd in cotton, having been heavily
short. of stocks as a hedge against its com-
initinents in the commodity, was being badly
Whipsawed between the two markets
Some of the most urgent covering seen inthe
course of the two hours trading wus done by
brokers supposed to be acting for the Sully
contingent A prominent bear house was
also a lirge buyer of stocks around the room
Brokers who were in a position to know said
yesterday that there was no doubt about the
Suily crowd's having been heavily short of the
stock market, and some went so far as to cle-
clare that operations on the bull side of va-
rious stocks had been conducted largely at
its expense. A good deal of buying thought
yesterday to he short covering for the ac-
countof the cotton operator und his associates
looked as if it might represent the closing out
of contracts on which margins had been
exhausted

Instead of showing diminished proportions,
the borrowing demand for stocks in the loan
department yesterday was as large as on any
previous day of the week, with perhaps one
exception. The stocks in most demand were
Pennsylvania, Baltimore and Ohio, Union
Pacific, Atchison, St. Paul and Steel preferred,
‘There also was a fairly active inquiry for
Metropolitan, Amalgamated Copper and New
York Central

It was asserted yesterday by some of the
most competent room critics that the ex-
tent of the short interest had been greatly
underestimated. Several of the prominent
bear house are believed yet to be heavily
short of the market. “This is an extraor-
dinary situation,” one trader remarked yes-
terday. “You would think that such an
advance as we have had would have eliini-
nated a large proportion of the short interest,
but the shorts have not only been bidding
prices up on each other, but have carried the
short interest up with them. I dare say that
on each point of the advance, in Pennsyl-
vania for example, the fresh short selling
has about balanced the short covering. You
very seldom see such stubbornness on the
part of the bear crowd as it has exhibited
on this rise.”

London took the Sully failure very calmly.
The prices quoted from the American quarter
of the London market at the hour of the
opening here were a trifle higher than Friday's
closing. In the first ten minutes of trading
here Baltimore and Ohio advanced 7) per cent.,
Pennsylvanial per cent., St. Pauliper cent.,
L. & N. 1% per cent., Southern Pacific 1
per cent., Missouri Pacific 3 ‘per cent. and
other stocks proportionately. These ad-
vances were made, too, on a comparatively
light volume of trading. Prices eased off
a little toward the end of the first half hour,
but advanced again on very active buying.
The market was led by the so-called standard
stocks, such as St. Paul, Union Pacific, Penn-
sylvania, Atchison, Baltimore and Ohio and
Missouri Pacific. Gates & Co. were heavy
buyers of various stocks. It is said that
this house has been buying Atchison heavily,
itself and through other brokers, for several
days. Mendham Bros. aiso were prominent
as buyers of the general market, appearing
most prominently in Reading, of which they
took possibly 5,000 shares. The bank atate-
ment was not up to expectations, but after,
{ts appearance prices made further advances,
closing generally at the highest

The professional room contingent that had
been opposing the market so strenuously

| for several days sold heavily on the further

advances yesterday, thereby maintaining
the short interest. This resistance appears
to be precisely what the bull crowd wants
in lieu of an outside publio interest.

the next week will see further advances in
our market, and we think that Atchison,
Baltimore and Ohio, Pennsylvania and United
States Steel preferred are especially likely
to enjoy a substantial rise from the present
level.”

The bull element predicted, after the close
yesterday, that there would bea “big” opening
on Monday. The opinion of some of the best
traders was that stocks sold on any further
advances Monday afternoon could probably
be replaced at moderate concessions. A good
many traders habitually sell the market on
a strong Monday morning opening.

There is an old saying in Wall Street that
one way to break a man is to give him too
much credit.

 

Sentiment among brokers at the close of
the week was more optimistic. Most of the
commission house literature was bullish.
There is reported from many quarters a
greater willingness to trade on the part of
clients who have been out of the market for
months. If the response to the letters that
went out of Wall Street after the close of
business Saturday fulfils the expectations
of brokers there should be an accumulation
of outside buying orders for the opening on
Monday.

Members of the New York Stock Exchange
who have recently been unable to obtain ad-
mission to the Cotton Exchange are
glad now that they didn't get seats. They
were inclined at first to resent the attitude
of the Cotton Exchange people, whose only
excuse for turnink them down was that enough
outsiders had already been taken in. Dur-
ing the speculative craze in cotton the mem-
bership of the Cotton Exchange grew very
rapidly, and the older members began to feel
a bit dubious about the future.

 

Brokers are now expecting that the speou-
lative interest diverted first to cotton and
then to grain will return to the stock market.
There is a certain trading element that seems
to go from one market to another as by one
impulse, and when it becomes absorbed in
commodity speculation the stock market
feels its absence. Now that this element
has been whipped both in cotton and in grain
Wall Street is expecting it back.

 

“What a place Wall Street is for seeing
human nature!” observed a broker last week
whose experience with the speculative side
of human nature has been intimate and
varied. “The weakness of the trader who
takes a profit, then sees that he got out too
goon and gets in again always at the wrong
time is a by-word among us; but you would
be surprised to know how frequently the
game thing is done by pools and individual

manipulators. I have seen it a thousand
times. A stock is taken hold of and
made active on rising prices with the

object of distributing a certain amount of it
on the advance. The manipulation may
have to be kept up for several weeks before
speculative interest is sroused, At length
the daily returns begin to show that more
stock is being sold than bought. Finally
the distribution contemplated is accoim-
plished, and those who have been making
the market retire. It very frequently hap-
pens then that the stock continues to ad-
vance without artificial assistanoe, the pub-
lic running away with it. The original pool
is tempted to get in again for another turn,
and if it does get in again the chances are
that it will overstay its market and find itself
‘landed’ with a lot of its own stock, the out-
side speculative interest abruptly subsiding.
1 have known pools to follow their stocks
up in that way, getting out and in again two
or three times succéssfully and then be caught
with their own goods at thetop. The human
nature of it is the same as in the case of the
trader who sells out his long stocks too
soon, sees them advance four or five points
more, and then, unable to withstand the
pressure any longer, buys again at the top,”

Optimistic commentators dwell upon the
probability that the collapse of the cotton
manipulation will greatly stimulate exports
of that commodity, thereby creating foreign
exchange at amoast opportuneatime. Others
call attention to the fact that the forced
buying of cotton at high figures has been
largely at the expense of foreigners, Ameri-
can mill owners buying only in a hand-to-
mouth manner, or, in other words, that the
foreigners have stocked up with very dear
cotton, whereas thehome manufacturers,
having held off, are now in a position to take
advantage of the lower prices, “In this
way,” said one observer last week, after
the Sully failure, “we eat our cake and have
it, too. Our planters have reaped the bene-

eee

———————— B SSS aaa sss sswsswswsw?.:.080080880 SS

| property; on new equipment, costing $12,-

   

fits of cotton exports at higher figures, and
now our mill owners will get the benefit of
cheaper cotton, besides competing with the
foreigners who got theirs at higher figures.”

The state of the put-'n-‘call business in New
street is wretched, Between a falling off
in both the supply of privileges and the de-
mand tor them, the brokers are in a bad way,
The few surviving privilege writers are a
oe deal more conservative than they used
to be.

ASTORIA

 

STEEL CO.

 

 

J.
culties Said to Be Temporary,

Colby M. Chester, Jr., has been appointed
receiver for the Astoria Steel Company of
Astoria, L. I, on the application of Charles
A. Moore of Manning, Maxwell & Moore.
The company was incorporated on June 1,
1903, under New Jersey laws, with a capital
stock of $800,000, to take over the business
of the New York Steel and Wire Company.
It manufactured steel castings. Up to
Jan. 1 last debenture bonds to the amount
of $225,000 had been issued. There is a
mortgage of $150,000 on the real estate,
The unsecured liabilities are reported to be
about $80,000. J. Frederick Kernochan
was president and Thomas C. Clarke secre-
tary and treasurer. The suspension is only
temporary, and it is expected that all the
creditors will be paid in full in a short time.

RESTORATION OF GRAIN RATES

Proposed Pending Arbitration on Rallroad
Differentials.

Conferences among the executives of
the trunk lines which have been engaged
in the grain rate disturbances have been
under way for several days with the object
of restoring rates on grain from Buffalo to
New York and Philadelphia until the mem-
bers of the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, sitting unofficially as a board of
arbitration, adjust the whole question of |
differentials.

With the announcement of the con-
vocation of such a board the rates will
be restored to the old basis of five cents
a bushel, and they will remain at that
figure until the board has announced its
findings. There has been comparatively
little grain moving at the low rates, which
apply to Lake grain only; but with the
opening of navigation, now near at hand,
the trunk lines would incur serious losses
if the low rates continued.

The present rate went into effect on
March 15, and under {it wheat is transported
for one cent a bushel and oats for FOLDS
The Pennsylvania announced last wee
that it would again put into effect a .4 cent
differential in favor of Philadelphia, but
if present plans are carried out this will
not be done and the old rates will be re-
stored.

ROCK ISLAND BOND ISSUE.

SUSPENDS.

Frederick Kernochan President—DIM-
'

|

 

Opposition to Bill to Make These Bonds
Lawful for Savings Banks.

The meeting of stockholders of the Chi-
eago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway
Company to authorize an issue of $163,000,000
of 4 per cent. bonds is to be held to-mor-
row in Davenport, Ia. The meeting waa
called originally for Oct. 8, 1003, but was
adjourned. :

The bond issue, which is for the immedi-
ate purpose of reimbursing the company’s
treasury for some $52,159,000 spent for new
lines and equipment and bond retirements,
was to have been $225,000,000, but in a cir-
cular sent to stockholders on Jan. 14, Presi-
dent W. B. Leeds said that it had been
limited to $163,000,000 in order to make
the bonds available for investment under
the New York Savings Bank laws.

The Melt.wan bill, which was recently
introduced in the Legislature to make
the bonds lawful investments for our sav-
ings banks, has aroused the opposition
of many savings banks who think the char-
acter of the bonds not up to savings bank
requirements. They are to be a first lien
on St. Paul terminals and other terminal

800,000; on 629 miles of road; on first mort-
gage bonds of 518 miles, and a junior lien
on all other railways of the system ex-
cluding 861 miles of leased lines.

TO MAKE OVER THE “BIG K” MILL.

 

 

 

A Well Known Washington Heights Bulld-
ing Will Have a New Use.

The big silk mill built by Bernard Loth
in 1885 on the Amsterdam avenue block
at 150th and 151st street, and known to
Washington Heights dwellers as the “Big
K”" mill, isto be enlarged and remodelled
into a store building for the owner. It is
a three story edifice, with a frontage of
199.10 feet and a depth of 100 feet, and has
two great wings branching from the main
building at an angle north and southand
giving it the shape of a gigantic letter K.

The building has been unoccupied during
the last two years, andnow the owner pro-

oses to build a three story extension cover-
tae the unoccupied part of the big lot.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAO—THIS DAY.

Sun rises. .....6:06)Sun sets... 6:11 | Moon sets. ... 0:39
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook...0:12|Gov. I'd... ..0:44| Hell Gate.. ..11:37

 

Atrived—SATURDAY, March 19.

La Savole, Havre, March 12.
Campania, Liverpool, March 12.
Vigilancia, Vera Cruz, March 10
Hugoma, Guanica, March 2,

Yumurl, Clenfuegos, March 12.

Seneca, Tampice, March 9.

City of Macon, Savannah, March 16
Jamestown, Norfolk, March 18,

Princess Anne, Norfolk, March 18.
Seminole, Jacksonville, March 16.

Ss Goldsboro, Philadelphia, March 16.

Ship Queen Elizabeth, Baltimore, Mareb 17.
Bark Shenir, Carthagena, Aug. 10.
Brigantine Jennie Hulbert, Fernandina, Feb. 26,

 

 

a

ARRIVED OUT.
Ss New York, from New York at Cherbourg.
Ss Lucania, from New York at Liverpool.
Ss Grosser Kurfuerst, from New York at
Gibralter.

GAILED FROM FORBIGN PORTS.
Ss LaGascogne, from Havre for New York.
8s Etruria, from Live | for New York.
Ss St. Louis, from Southampton for New York.
Ss Potsdam, from Rotterdam for New York,
Ss Moltke, from Cherbourg for New York.

 

OUTGOING STEAMBHIPS
Satl To-morrow.

 

Mails Vessels
Close, Satl.
Princess Anne, Norfolk.... ...- 300PM
Sat Tuesday, March 22, |
Kronpring Wilhelm, Brien 430A M SOOAM |
Pring Adelbert, Naples... ......... 900 AM
Noordam, Rotterdam,.... 730A M 1000 AM
Seguranca, Colon.... v30 AM 100PM
Seminole, Charleston... .. 200PM
City of Macon, Savanna s00PM
Jefferson, Norfolk....... 300P M
Satl Wednesday, March 23,
Cedric, lAverpool . 180PM 490PM
Idabo, Hull........ vat sce hoot Bane
Monroe, Norfolk ..-- 0.6.0 scenes 300PM
San Marcos, Brunswick... Abatart 200PM
Comus, New Orleans..... SAD i200M

INCOMING STRAMSTIPS.
Due To-day.

 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  

Nubia...
Piqua...
Norge. .

Fernileld.
Rarcelona.
Parima....
City of Auguste
Cumbal

 

 

 

Tennyson. . Barbados. . Maret 34

Ponce..... eee Ban Juan.... March 1

SOTECRs 6 oi ccc icereccct see NABER or0- 000005 MarOD OO
| Due To-morrow |

 

 

   
 

  

 

Zeeland..... Antwerp... March 12
Fl Cid...... Galveston.......Mareh 15
MeRIiCO....+..000-: Havana......... March 18
Due Tuesday, Marcnr 22. |
Kaleer Wilhelm der Grosse.Bremen...... «March 15
TIGUH ANE orvitaaltrberts Gibraltar. . March 12
LAMPASAS.... 066 eee Galveston.......March 16
Maracaibo...... - La Guayra......Mareh 6 |
Stbirta. Kingston,.......March 15 |
Due Wednesday, March 23, |
Majestic... . Liverpool... ... March 16 |
Neckar... ... -Naples..... -March 10
Regina Elena. Naples... -March 10 |
Alllanca. Colon March 16
Eaxcelsior.... . New Orleans, arch 17 |
Mesaba ‘ Southampton....Mareh 12
Due Thursday, March 24.
Pennsylvania Hamburz.......March 12
Barbarossa... . . Bremen -. March 16
Callfornia. ...Gibraltar....... March 1}
Citta de Milano ......... Gibraltar ......+ March 18
PACER ves cescseeeecececes ANON -March 10

 

iy

SUNDAY, MARCH

FINANCIAL ,,

Par,
,
,

 

 

“ll Girdle the Globe.”

 

Send your order to-day for as many certificates
of the Marcon! Wireless Telegraph Company of
America as you can afford to take.

We informed you that, In the very near future
the price of these securities would be advanced.
Now we notify you that you have but a limited tme
to subscribe for this stock at the present price. Re-
member, that you are not asked to Investin a spec-
ulative stock, but you are asked to invest Ina com
pany that Is an established commercial success, s
company that has greater possibilitles than had the
Bell Telephone or Mdison Electric Light.

The company's revenues from actual commerctal
traMe during 1903 Increased 350 per cent. from that
of 1902. If the traffic of 1904 should Increaso In Iike
Proportion yo: will not be able to purchase Marconi
Securities at less than double thelr present value
ur cue is therefore to get in now, while you have
the opportunity

The Marcon! System ts now demonstrating Its
great merit by helping Japan to whip Russia. [tts
employed in the Japanese navy, and has contributed
to the brilliant explolts at Port Arthur and Cha-
mulpo.

 

 

THOS. A. EDISON,
The Renowned Inventor,

andalso one of the consulting engineers ofthe Mar-
con! Company, In an Interview with the New York
Herald on Feb. 14th, says: “Marcont will do great
things with wireless telegraphy. Weno longer coa-
sider it strange that ships should talk to one another
from distauces of six or seven hundred miles, and
asaatterof fact, wireless telegraphy ls now belng
used all over the world.”

We also wish to call your attention tothe fact that
over 120 steamers are now equipped with the Mar
con! System, that eight land stations are In success-
ful operation, that the New York Herald and Lloyd's
Maritime Insurance Agency of London have adopted
the system, that the Lloyd's company, belng the
largest agency of Its kind in the world, has made
@ contract to use this system exclusively for fifteen
years.

Arrangements have been concluded whereby the
Western Union Telegraph Company undertakes the
collection and distribution of messages for the
marine service of the Marcon! Wireless Telegraph
Company. The Postal Telegraph-Cable Company
and the Marcon! Company have for some time it
been working under an arrangement similar to that
concluded with the Western Union Company. The
Marcont Company now has working connections
with the two great telegraph companies of the coun-
iry, and messages to and from outgoing and In-
coming steamships may be routed by elther the
Western Union or the Postal Telegraph Company,
as the sender may desire. The Marcon! message
for transmission to ocean steamers may now be ao-
cepted at any telegraph office In the United States
or Canada,

The captatn ofa steamer equipped with the Mar-
con| System was recently asked What be thought
of wireless telegraphy, to which he replied: “How
would you like to be without the telephone?” THE
MARCONI SYSTEM HOLDS TO-DAY THE SAMB
POSITION ON THE SEA THAT THE TELEPHONB
DOES ON LAND. It Is untversally recognized to
be the most marvellous Invention of the ages

 

ANDREW
The Great Steel Magnate,
“Marcon! has already done a lifetime's work,
Ile ls a wonderful
1 belleve in him thoroughly.”

CARNEGIE.

SAPs:
but he ts going to do another.
young man.

Mr. Jos. J. Fry says: “Wireless telegraphy, in
its commercial and financlal aspect, Is the most
attractive aud promising investment before the
public to-day.”

The New York World makes the following an.
nouncement' “The scope of the wirelcss system
is wider than that of the Hell Telephone. It 1s not
unreasonable to assume, tierefore, that great for-
tunes can be made by moderate luvestmenis in the
Marconi Securttics, and that sinall Investors will be-
come independently wealthy within a few years.
lt is Hkely that certificates representing $6.00 will
increase In Vaine 200 or even 890 fold.”

If we should quote to you what the many proml-
nent men and newspapers of thls country say about
the Marcont System, tt would take vojuines. We
have hundreds of letters and newspaper cilppings
In our offices praising Marconi and his wonderful
Invention

bo you think It wise to lqnore these universal
indorsements? The honesty and efficteney of the
management and the proper capenditure of
theworking qapital of the compere are guaranteed
by the personnel of the Board of Directors, among
who are the following: H. H. McClure, of Me-
Clure's Magazine, New York: ©. Rollins Morse, of
E. Rollins Morse’ & Co., Hankers, of Boston; Hon,
J. W. Griggs, former United States Attorney Gen-
era}, New York, and other men of equal importance.

In conclusion we wish to remind you that Bell
Telephone stock advanced from $1 to $1,000 per
Share; that the Edison Flectric Light shares ad-
vanced from $100 to $4.000 per share; that the stock
ofthe English Maroon! Company advanced from
$5.00 to $22.00, an advance of 30 per cent. Tho
American Mareont Company, whose certificates
we are now selilng, offers you a4 greater opportunity
than any of the above, and you bave the chance
now of making yourself comfortable. A small In-
vestment In the Marcon! Securities will) make you
Independent tn a few years, and a large investment
will makayou rich.

Those who are stockholders at present should tn-
crease thelr hoidings now, while they have the pp.
portunity to do so, and those who have delayed In
sending in their subscriptions we advise to do 80 at
oner

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION ADDRESS

F. P. WARD & CO,
BANKERS,

Land Title Bid'g, Philadelphia, Pa,

Parmers' Bank Bidg, Pittsburg, Pa.

Clark & Washington Sts., Chicago, 1.

Century Bid'g, St. Louis, Mo.

Hennen Bid'g, New Orleans, La.

Crossley Bid‘e, San Francises, Cal.
Lankershim Bid's, Los Angeles, Cal
(Correspondénts of Munroe & Munroe, N.Y.

PUBLIC DEMONSTRATION

At all our offices. You are cordially invited to cal
and recelve a Marconigram and see a4 practica
Gemanstration of the Marcon! Apparatus in opera-
thon.

 

On enn enn

 

 

 

 

 

$3,000,000

NEW YORK

CITY 344%

Tax Exempt Gold Bonds

(Payable in

Fifty Years)

TO BE SOLD THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1904

 

OFFERED DIRECT TO INVESTORS

 

A legal investment for

taxation except for State purposes.

trust funds, exempt from
No “all or none”

bids received, thus giving investors the same ad-
vantage as dealers. Bonds are awarded to bidders

offering the highest premium.

end bids in a sealr* envelope,
OF ork Vette MUST ACCOMPANY BID.
or National bank of New York City.
te unsuccess{u! bidders.
New York,

1 t addressed envelope.
epoisaed i Bei be in casn or Certified check on State

This deposit wil
For fuller information see

TWO PER CENT.

of sale

uested, be returned da
MS eae ty Hall,

Mbity Record,'’ published at 2

Comenit any Bank or ‘ira st Company, or address

EDWARD M. GROUT, Comptroller City of New York

 

"AQUEDUCT COMMISSIONERS' OFFICE,
Room No. 207 Stewart Puliding, No, 280 Broadway
New York, March 1, 1004.
TO CONTRACTORS.

Bids or proposals for dvuing the work and fur-
Nishing the materials called for in the approved
form of contract now on file In the office of the
Aqueduct Commissioners for constructing a high-
way or road near the Titicus Reservoir, In_the
‘own of North Salem, Westchester County, New
York, will be recelved at this office until 12 o'clock
noon on Tuesday, March 22, 1904. They will be
publicly opened by the Aqueduct Commissioners
as soon thereafter as possible, and the award of
the contract for doing ssid work and furnishing
the materials required will be made by sald Com-
missioners as soon thereafter as practicable.

Blank forms of said approved contract and the
specifications thereof, and bids or proposals and
proper envelopes for thelr Inclosure, form of bonds,
and all other Information can be abtained at the
above office of the Aqueduct Commissioners on
SDB eaten to the Secretary.

‘or further particulars see “City Record,” pub-
Ushed at No. 2 City Hall.

WILLIAM H, TEN EYCK, President.

HARRY W. WALKER, Secretary.

FINANCIAL,

a “

Wall

 

Street

280 Broadway, New York

 

 

$200,000

Newark, N. J.
SCHOOL BONDS.

Sealed Propossls for the purchase of
Newark, N. J., thirty-year 4 per cent.
registered School Bonds to the amount
of $200,000, will be received ‘at the
office of the Comptroller in said city
until 3 o'clock P. M. on Tuesday, the
twenty-ninth day of March, 1904. For
circulars containing conditions and
information, address

FREDERICK T. JOHNSON,
Comptroller,
Newark, N. J.

FINANCIAL.

Securieties

Pry AA

Bought and Sold on Margin.

(EO. W. HARRIS & CO.

BRANCHES:—
128 West 125th st., Now York.

82 West 33d st.. New York.

Cor, 65th st. and B'way, New York.
44 Court st., Brooklyn.

United Bank Hidg., Paterson, N..J.
Hudson Trust Co., Hoboken, N. J.
Prudential Bldg., Newark, N. J.

MEMBERS

Cor, zath si. and Ivway. New York Philadelphia Stock Exchange,

New York Consolidated
Stock Exchange.

Philadelphia, Pa.,

Branches:

Penn Building,
Drexel Building.

Main Office, 50 Broadway, New York City.

STOCKS, BONDS,

 

“Northern Securities Decision

Out of the way removes the blanket that has so

long covered the speculative arena, holding prices

below thelr true values. Earnings, outlook for

the future, ease of money and low prices now rul-

Ing for standard securities will be the factors now

considered by the makers of the market and prices |
snould improve most materially. Those who real

Ize the facts quickest should gamer the largest
profits.

WRITE US AND WE WILL BE PLEASED
TO ENUMERATE FOR YOU THE STOCKS
WE DEEM THE BEST IMMEDIATE PUR-
CHASE AND WHICH WE BELIEVE WILL
MAKE THE MUST PRONOUNCED AD-
VANCES.

Send for our 400-page cloth bound, Illustrated

“GUIDE TO INVESTORS"
and our “DAILY MARKET LETTER.”

Hoth essential! adjunots to intelligent
profitable speculators and investor alike.

WE ISSUE AND MAIL FREE BOTH UPON
APPLICATION,

One hundred dollars will open an account with
our nouse, securing the same painstaking care and
advices as does an account of $10,000 or more.
Personal attention given out of town "MAIL" or
“Phone orders. We make a speclaity of them.

WE AFFORD AN EQUALLY ADVANTA-
GEUUS MARKET FOR FRACTIONAL LOTS
AS 1S SECURABLE FOR FULL 100 SHARE
LOTS. This \s a deciicd advantage to smalifdeal-
ers who Gre ordinarily at 4 disadvantage In nine out
often brokerage offices. Wedeem it an excellent
time to enter the market.

Haight & Freese Co.

STOCKS, BONDS, GRAIN, COTTON,

53 Broadway, New York,
HARLEM BRANCH, 217. WEST 126th ST.

“Determining the character and financial responsi-
bliity of your Broker is as important as the seico-
tion of right stocks.”

 

and

 

J. L. McLEAN & CO.,

BANKERS,
25 Broad St., New York.

CITY BRANCHES:—
645 Madison av., near East 69th st.
Spring st., corner Broadway.

Orders exccuted for Investment or on margin.
Send for our WEEKLY MARKET LETTER, de-
voted to the financial sf{tuation.

Special attention given to orders in unlisted

 

* stocks, especially mining investments.

|

Send for handsomely Illustrated
FIFTY PAGE BOOK
describing the properties and equipment of the
Crown King Mines Company.

This stock will earn and pay a dividend prac-
tically from the start, and as a mining investment
{s the equal of any ever offered.

 

en
AN UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY.

An opportunity of unusual merit is offered to
you foran Investment of $500,000 or a portion thereof |
in a Manufacturing Corporation which tuotends |
to Increase {ts capital stock.

The business bas always made meney, and has
shown an increase of G0" tn Its business yearly,
which Is of long established standing. The Com
pany is engaged in the manufacture of a commodity
used dally In every household tin the land. The
increase’ capital is necessary to enable them to
take advantage of the opportunitics that are now
presented to further extend the Company's bus!- }
ness. If you are seeking an invesiment of any
extent that Is perfectly safe, and that Is paying
a good dividend and will be sure to yleld large
retums, here Is the chance. With the right party
an arrangement could be made to become identl-
fled with the management.

For further particulars, or an Interview with
one of the OMecers of the Company, address "C,"
bat 188 Sun office.

JOHN DICKINSON & CO.,

Members N. Y. Cons. Stock Exchange,
Have removed
their offices to

42 Broadway,

(SUITE 3838)
TELEPHONE, 3883 RROAD

 

 

 

ADVERTISER has a agilt-edged
desire services of A 1 Banking House to bande
Stock. Best references ve and required.

. E., 67 West 116th St.

proposition:

 

CRAIN, COTTON.

—

»| Stanley B. McLean,

Member N.Y. Consolidated Stock Exchange,
WALL ST. EX. BLDG.,
49 Exchange Place.

Stocks, Bonds & Grain.

ALFRED M. LAMAR,

Member Consolidated Stock Exchange of N. Y.
MAIN OFFICE, EXCHANGE BUILDING,
60 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

215 WEST 125TH ST.
BRANCH f 'eher afb or
2 FAST 2 ST;
OFFICES 1 TEMPLE BAR BLDG . B'KELYN,
STOCKS —-GRAIN—COTTON.
r INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
Write for our POCKET INVESTMENT GUIDE

and DAILY MARKET LETTER.
Address Inqulrics to Statistical Department.

 

 

 

 

Telephone 4212 Broad, Private Wires.

Graham & Co.

Members New York Cons. Stock Exchange.

BANKERS and BROKERS

STOCKS Orders executed for Casi COTTON
BONDS or on Margin. GRAIN

44-46 BROADWAY, NEW YORK

* ( Room 4, Harvard Bullding,
BRANCH OFFICE. ) ite West 42n4@ St., cornet
ith Ave,
Write for our booklet,
“THE DRIFT OF THE MARKET."
And “OUR WEEKLY LETTER ON WHEAT."

Increase Your Bank

Aocount. You can do it by Jotning our new Com-
pany. Absoiute ownership—i00 acres richest min-
eral jand. No debts. Gold ore, plenty of water
and timber. Equipped with machinery and mill,
but need larger mi'l. We offer founders’ shares
at 3centsecach. Cash or Installments. Par value
$1.00. Capabic, aggressive, honest management.
Join In the organization of company by subscrib-
ing for a part of this first allotment at very low price.
Monthly reports. Write at once for reports, bank
and commercial references, and our special pro
mium offer.
BENZIF INVESTMENT CO.,
§26 Jackson Bldg, Wenver, Colo

LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES
BOUGHT.

I will pay the highest cash price FOR EN-
DOWMENT OR TONTINE POLICIES. Do not
sacrifice the money. you have paid for years
toinsurancecompanies, Iwill buy your policy.

R. P. THOMPSON, 25 Broad St., N, Y,

WANTED.

STREET RAILWAY OR GAS LIGHT BONDS

etpiring on or before Jan. 1, 1, to net 4% or
over.
MISCELLANEOUS SECURITIES
DEALT IN

J. THOMAS REINHARDT,
15 WALL STREET.

 

 

 

re oe a re ee

THE CENTRAL NATIONAL BANK of the city
of New York, located at No. 320 Broadway, in the
eity of New York, In the State of New York, ts clos-
Ing \ts affairs. All note holders and other creditors
of the association are therefore hereby notified
Ww present the notes and other claims for payment

CHARLES 8. YOUNG, Cashier.

Dated March 7, 1904.

~ MARCONI

Wireless Telegraph Stock at attractive prices.
Write for special letter free
WILL C, TURNER, BANKER,
31 NASSAU STS, NEW YORK, N, ¥,

LOST Jan. 1& 100 Shares Texas & Pacific Ry.
Co. Certificate No. 19496 In name of Strong, Sturgis
& Co. Nottfy MILLER & CO... 1% roadway
N. ¥. City, All parties are cautioned against
negotiating same.

BUSINESS MAN regulres $16,000; want to meet

 

 

entleman capable of securing broper banking
‘aciiities; ample security; business $2) dally cash
sales; retail establishment.

200 Sun office.

    
     
     
       
       
     
       
     
         
         
   
       
   
   

 

——— eee ES SS

|

    

 

BANKERS AND BROKERS, . ,

AAA Ae

    

 

ae

HAVEN & CLEMENT

BANKERS AND BROKERS
! Nassau St., Cor. Wall St.

Members of the New York Stock Exchange

BONDS, STOCKS, COTTON, GRAIN

rene nme nanne

   

ELECTIONS AND MEETINGS,

ann nen A een nee e ed

THE MECHANICS' NATIONAL BANK OF
SHE CITY OF NEW YORK.
33 Wall street,
New York, Maren 1904,
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCK-
HOLDERS,

A special meeting of the stockholders of The
Mechanics’ Nottonal Bank of the Cliy of New York
is called and will be held at its banking office, No.
#38 Wallstreet, inthe Borough of Manhattan, Clty
of New York, on the 11th day of April, 1904, at twelve
o'clock noon, for the following purposes:

(Li To authorize the Increase of ihe capital stock
of The Mecbanics' National Wank of the Olty of
New York from $2,000,009 to $3,009,000 by the Issue
of 40,000 addit'onal stares, cach of the per value
of $25, of which additionil capltal stock $600,000
var Value thereof, consisting of 24,000 sharcs, may

e used for the purpose of seqyuiring the asset
and business of The Leather Manufacturers’ Na-
tional Bank of New York, to the cud wiat The
Leather Manufacturers’ National Bank of New
York may be consolidated with this bank, and
$90,000 of such additional capltal stock, consist!
of 8,600 shares, shall be offered for subscription a
the price of par per shure to the stockholders of
sald The Leather Manufacturers’ National Ban
of New York to the extent of fifteen per cent. o'
their holdings \f exchanged for stock of this bank,
and the remainder of such lucreased capltal stock,
consisting of 12,400 shares, shall be offered w the
stockholders of this bank for subseription to the
extent of fifteen per cent. of their respective hold-
Ings as the same are of record at the close of business
on the 12th day of March, 109%, at the price of par
pershare. (2) To vote upon resolutionsauthorizing
and approving of the purchase by this bank of the
assets and business of The Leather Manufacturers?
National Bank of New York, as the same shalt
appear upon the books of the sald hank at the
tImeofthe merger. (3) Tonrovide thatthe Articles
of Association of thts bank shall be amended eo
that the Board of Directors shall cousist of not
less than fifteen nor more than twenty-five Direa-
tors, as from (ime to time the by-laws may pre-
scribe, and to provide for addlition#l oMcers of the
bank; and In the event that the Articles of Asso-
clation shall be so amended and the Koard of Diree-
fors Increased, theu to elect a Board of Directors
In accordance with such amendments. (4) And
in the event that said capital stock shall finally be
Increased to $2,000.0%) by the tssue of 40,000 addl-
tional shares each of the par value of 824, then ta
euthorize the use of such additional shares of stock,
except such sum as will equal fifteen per cent. of
the present capital of this bank. In such man-
ner as the Board of Directors may tind Ca RCcUe ty
for acquiring the assets and business of the sai
The Leatner Manufacturers’ National Bank of
New York. (5) For the further purpose of making
Such allowance or adjustment of compensation
or salaries to the ofMcers or employes of this bank
“5 may be deemed expedicnt, and for the expenses
of carrying this consolidation tuto effect. And

enerally to vote upon any and ail propositions
n connection with the proposed consolidation and
merger and the inerease in the canttallzation,
the amendments In the Articles of Association
and the Issue of the proposed increased capital
Stock as shall be necessary in order to carry into
effect the proposed consolidation and merger and
the acquisition by this bank of the assets and busl-
ness of ‘The Leather Manufacturers’ National
of New York.

The transfer books of this bank shall be closed
irom three P. M., March 12, 1904, to ten A. M., April

2, 1904.

This meeting ts authorized and caited and thie

notice Is given by order of the Board of Directors.
ANDREW A. KNOV LES Cashter.

 

 

 

    
 

DIVIDENDS AND INTEREST,
NN OO ere

AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.

A dividend of TWO ANI) ONL-HALF FER CENT,
bas tuls day been declaied upon toe Preferred
Stock of this Company, payable on April Ist, 1904,!
to Stockholders of record at the close of business
March 21st, 1904. The transfer books will be closed
és ty the Preferred Stock from March 22d to Maroh
bist, both days iuclusive. Checks will be matled.

R. H. ISMON, Sceretury.

March 10th, 1904,

CITY REAL ESTATE.

ao
BOROUGH OF QUEENS--SALE OR BRENT.

A en

RICHMOND HILL-—Magnificent large and small

 

  
   

 
 

  

 

residences; elegant surroundings: everything.
JOHNSON, 982A Gates av,, Brooklyn.
——— Fe

 

TO LET FOR BUSINE
“STORE TO LET in choice location 73th st. and
Madison av.: fine opportunity for florist, plumber,

eneral contractor, decorator. Apply WHEELER
O., 75th st. and Madison av.

S PURPOSES,

 

 

   
   
 

 

APARTMENTS TO LET—FURNISHED,
ABOYV 14TH ST., WEST SIDE.

PARR A A AAA AAA AA A ee
80TH ST., 20% WEST—Completely and aon,
furnished six-room flat; dishes, Iinen, silver;

REAL ESTATE—OUT OF THE CITY.
SRN AIR AIRDPDP
WESTCHESTER COUNTY-—SALEOR RENT
PA A A Anny
HOUSE, in Hawthorne, Westchester county, 45
minutes from 42d st., i2 rooms, all Improvements,
higb ground, artesian well, frult trees, fine lawn,
tennis court, etc., cost over 88.000; will sell for
$5,000 cash; four minutes’ walk from station.
SOLOMON, 310 6th av.. New York city,

LONG ISLAND—SALE OR RENT.
RR nen SO
FAR ROCKA\WAY, Edgenere, Ocean Cresta
We have every cottage otfered to rent and sole
agency for several right by the ocean, with private
beach; also three hoteis, 4 road house and several
boarding houses. WATKIN W. JONES, Old Es-
tabilshed Agency, Far Rockaway.
MISCELLANEOUS,
AA ARAN AAA

ANA ge
FOR RENT OR SALE.—A beautiful house on

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

hill: five acres ground, with barn, at Stamford,
Conb.,
Stamford,

from April 1. H.

5S. MILLER, box 432,
Conn

 
  

HELP WANTED—FEMALES.

PAP PPPS AEF SPAR AIDA ‘3 MLL MN AMAA
OSTRICH FEATHERS.
Sewers, preparers, packers, bunchers, stringers and

learners wanted. S. LEVY, 43-49 Bleecker st.

ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS — Flower

 

 

 

makere

  
   

 

   

wanted. CH A CO., 701 broadway.
GOVERNESSES, companions, superior engage-
ments, New York, Europe, Newport. travelling;
matron (institution); attendents; visiting secre-
tary; kindergartner: several teachers; governess
willing to travel (Salary, $50) wanted. Miss HOP-

KINS' Agency, 1 Unton Square (Lincoln Bullding).
Telephone $928 Granerey. :

GIRLS WANTED to learn on artitictsl flowers
and ostrich feathers. CHAS. SPILKA & CO,
74 Broadway.

“OSTRICH FFATHERS-—Preparers wanted.
} KEARNS & BRO., 656-658 Broadway.
OPERAT on fine custom shirts wanted.
BROOKS BROTHERS’ workroom, U6 East 22d at,

 

 

 

 

  

  

   

   

SITUATIONS WANTED—™MALES,

PAPA AA AAA PAM AAA AAR AAAAAAAAAAAAM A

COLORED MAN; experienced driver; good care
horses: good shipper: handy at anything; good
reference, DEAN, 102 West 184th st.
Se a ee

PURCHASE AND EXCHANGE.

DARD AKARARAARRRERA AAA RARRARARA Rey

A—Attention! Buy furniture, carpets: contente
of houses, flats; pay spotcash, HERN’'S, 626 8d av.

me ee

 

 

econ
BOOKS~-Sinall or large libraries of books pur
chased for cash. RAINS, 73 East 20th.

 

 

SEE
MS TO LET.
wa Pa ann aap
East Side.
17TH ST., 10 EAST—Studios, rooms, n
renovated, furnished, unfurnished; bath; $12

monthly up. CARLETON.

BOARDERS WANTED.
West Side.
87TH ST., 1 WEST—Large and emall

with board; reference; transient or permans
summer prices. —

 

 

Advertisements and Subscrip-
tions may be left at these offices,
where the rates are the saine as
those charged at main offico.

NEW YORK CITY, 1993 Broadway,
mear 35th Sc.: 241 West 128th St.

BROOKLYN, 312 Washington St.,
341 Fulton St.

LONG ISLAND CITY, N.
Horden Ave. E. N. Dodso

BOSTON, MASS., Room 44, Globe
Bailding, Washington Street, T.
P. Harrison.

NEWARK, N. J., 704 Broad Street,
F. N. Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL, 1002-1004 Tri-
bane Muilding, Guy 8. Osborn.

Y. 18
n.

 

 
 

Other advertisements
under these classifications
will be found in Third

PROMOTION, bax | Section.

  

 

 

      
    

pn ig Ha pp te alg cp aia gem oe

vem