Easter Novelties and Favors,

A wonderful collection—right from Germany
and France, where experts oonjure all sorts of
pretty things, No other such stock in all New York,

Small Carts with rabbits as drivers, 10c, to $1.25
Carts, Wagons and Chariots drawn by all sorts of
hens, rabbits, &c,—trimmed with ribbon, 2c, to
$12. Chickens, Ducks, Lambs, Elephants, Dogs
Cats, &c,—35c, dozen to $22 dozen. Comical We
ures, 10c, to 8c. China pleces, 5c. to He, Rustie
Pleces, 10c. to $5.08. Silk and satin painted Eyg«
15c. to $4.08, Candy Eggs for filllng, 10c. a pound
Andagreat many other things you'll be Interested |:

   
 
  
 
   

   
   
  
  
         
 
   

AM

RY GOODS CO.

en ee

Fe Se nt eee

 
    
 
 
  

be,

  
   
  

SIXTH AVE. wohtaaieiouian -« 187SI9"STS.

A Wondertul Store, Sorgeous In Fes |

   
  

 

ee
0

   
   
 

you. He'll say $30 for a Spring f
: Suit that we'll make for $20, |] like and radiant aspect. jaieli ;
i and his profit won't be exces- |} Palms and Easter Lilies lend additional grace and harmony to this fascinating decoration. But |
Y sive—he has to pay more to,ff the stocks! Those are the real attractions. The Millinery Salon on the Second Floor is peerless j

porate

Fie ene en NT ner

ee eed

 

i DARLINGTON CAVE-IN. and new, These Hats will compare | creation Thousands of these Hats are so'd every season. each period corset effect; lined throughout,
: Soe 0 and $25 Brilliantly “with these sold in, oinar | preseneing tt oevn gracetul cciging!s (Second Floor, F Jackets ef black cheviot or tan co- Jackets of Covert; 23 in.; with strap- | Jackets of Covert; new model
‘ Wanliy. Dean. Gad Carciomaces iu. Bees stores at $20 and $25. econd Floor, Front.) vert; all seams lapped; satin 6 08 ped seams; also black broad, & 08 fancy sleeves; lined with taf- 12.98
A tion Should Have Been Noted and lined; fine quality at.... . | cloth, lapped seams; satin lined. Ue | feta ee eae eee eee es
Corrected, Expert Declares—De- Walking and Dress Suits.
tails of Errors in Construction, Fey ; ' : : 3 : : 1

Walking Suits; short, jaunty coat; in! Dress Suits, new Eton, in black, blue | Dress Suits, black and navy canvas

ieee

 

    
     
     
     
   
   
 
    
    
   
   
     
       
   
    
       
    
     
      
      
      
      
     
       
   
     
     
     

 

 

 

 

  

 

         

 

 

 

 

  
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   
         
      
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        

fe
|

ner ing an r

Fira eae ee

Brilliant Gaster Beauty.

Spring officially begins at 7:54 this evening. © To-morrow the whole Siegel Cooper Store
will be a splendid Spring exposition, revealing in manifold and surprising ways all the charms,
beauties and allurements of the season of the year when buds shoot into blossoms, trees become
green and leafy, and all nature sings gayly. The Main Aisle is an artistic revelation. Always
famous for its superb decorations, it is more beautiful than ever. It is spanned with arches gleaming
with white and gold; 500 snowy doves swing from ovals, giving the ensemble a distinctly Easter-

   
  

’ Ve...

The smaller tailor must pay
the penalty of his imitations.
It’s included in his askings to

    
 

  
   
 
  
 

in its exquisite French and American Hats. The Sections devoted to the display and sale of Even-
ing Costumes, Tailored Suits, Skirts, Waists, Shoes, Lingerie, Coats, Laces, Ribbons, Embroideries,
Neckwear, Clothing and all else that the Easter season demands, are fairly resplendent wtth attractions
new and superior for the year’s greatest fashion show. And everything is offered upon the popular |
price basis that has made the Siegel Cooper Store such a tremendous factor in everyday life.

Double “S. & H.’ Green Trading Stamps Mornings This Week from
8.30 to 12 o’Clock---Thereaiter, Single Stamps Until Closing Hour.

produce it. This is the giant
of tailor shops. It does every- jf
thing ina big way but prices. Ajj
Spring Walking Suit of imported |
cloth, $25. Covert Top-Coat, |
silk lined, $25. Frock Coat and |
Vest of English vicuna or im- |
ported worsteds, $25. A third '
more away from here. |
|

  

Samples mailed free on re-
quest, or should it not be con- ||
venient for you to call at our
store, a letter will bring an ex- |
perienced cutter with a full line |
of samples to your office or |
residence. |

ARNHEIM

Joseph P. McHugh & Eo.

  
  

 

Gaster dlinery,
Great Spring Fashion Festival.

Splendidly Representative Displays of Yewest Joreign and American
Style Creations.

   
 

 

|
|
|
\
|
'
|
|

 

“Are N ow Show! ng
THEIR McHUCH
(MISSION) FURNITURE.

(See the Morris Chair ot 16.00)
THEIR WICKER FURNITURE.
(See the Bar Harbor Chafr and Cushion, 5.00.)
THEIR UPHOLSTERED

FURNITURE.

(See the Barnstable Wing Chuir at 18.00.)

THEIR NEW WALL PAPERS.

(Some at 10, a piere.)

|
THEIRJAPANESE GRASS CLOTHS |
|

 

 

The Siegel Cooper Store sells Millinery as choice as can be found anywhere in the United States; it gives
just as much satisfaction, but it charges less than others. It is this fact that has built up our great millinery busi-
ness. No sooner is an idea originated in Europe than it is reproduced by the Store with astonishing fidelity and
realism. Parisian Hats are imported in great numbers, and these are sold at 's to 4 less than what they actually

mae This Brilliant Easter Opening Sale Includes Exquisite Hats From:

Georgette, Charlotte, Suzanne Blum, Lewis, Caroline Reboux, Louision, Virot Berthe and others, whose crea-
tions have attained a world-wide celebrity for richness of style and smart combinations f
In this wonderfully interesting and comprehensive exposition of beautiful Spring Millinery, the woman who
seeks a new Hat realizes precisely that which she desires.
She can get a Hat that becomes her to her eminent satisfaction. She chooses from the broadest and
most refined varieties of styles and effects, and

She Pays 1% to % Less Than If She Went Elsewhere.

20.00, 25.00 and 27.50)
We display in charming assortments | me) OO
° at $5.00 have become known far and near for
their superior becoming beauty. highly artistic

beautiful reproductions of the newest

French models, At these prices we
and reliable construction, These Hats come fresh from the workroom
daily. No two are ever alike: each is an individual and distinctive

(in 8 yard rolls at@0c, a yard.)

THEIR NURSERY WALL PAPERS

(at 60c. a sheet, 20780 inches.)

THEIR SPRING UPHOLSTERY
STUFFS

(for Country Houses.)

THEIR ROYCROFT RAG RUCS
(ut 1.26 a vard.)

At the Sign of

The “Popular Shop,”

42d St. W. at Sth Ave.
(Trade Marks Reg'd.)

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

APPENDICITIS, which usually results from
constipation, may be avoided by the use of Prince's
Puls for the liver and bowels. Very agreeable
in thelr action. Small and sugar coated, In wood
vi Five cents. Used the world over, Sold
Byey CURR: Seong sent free to any address.
PRINCE & CO., 67 Wall Street, New York, U.S. A,

  

Ghese French Hats Costing Up-
wards to $60.00 Are Offered at

“70.00
"72.90

This is a very popular price for the most attrac:
tive Hats of all shapes that have ever been seen,
We are the pioneers in this line, and our Hats

 

NEGLECT CAUSED COLLAPSE

SAYS PARSONS IN HIS REPORT ON

 

also offer artistic original creations
that were designed in our own work-
rooms by mil iners imbued with the
keenest sense of all that is correct

    
    
   
 

 

The technical report of the faults in the
construction of the Darlington Hotel was
made yesterday by H. DeB. Parsons, the
expert, to District Attorney Jerome, It is
a long document, which Mr. Jerome is
going to study before he submits the sub-
ject of the collapse to the Grand Jury,

Mr. Parsons’s investigation shows that
not only the iron work was at fault.

“The concrete from the floor arches
was weak,” his report says, “and readily
broken. Few lumps larger than 12 by 12
inches were found, and the whcle mass was

Untrinmed Millinery.

An Extremely Popular Department.

On the Second Floor, adjoining the Millinery Parlors, you will find the largest, best selected and most
desirable assortments of smart Ready-to-Wear Hats in Greater New York.

Prices Are Fully 44 Less Than Those Regularly Asked Elsewhere.

Comparison quickly proves that fact.

Hilso a Special Showing

    
    
 

    
    
 
    
 

    
   
   
  

 
   
  
  
 

of

     
  

easily removable by shovelling. It gave ~_ o 6 to 14. Regularly
‘ 3 gularly $8.50...... larly: sso. eapttae sans tesa
the appearance of lack of cement and of UW, PSY 9. f
having been frozen.” Slowers, “ngs; Seathers, ‘raw Ssratds Misses’ new Eton Suits of a mixed | Misses’ Walking Skirts; made with Girls’ Box Reefers of covert cloth

Of the fron work he said:

“The fractures in the body of the cast
jron columns exhibited fairly good material.
The fractures at the flanges exhibited
blow holes and honeycombing in many
instances. About 15 per cent. of the flanges
were honeycombed. About 25 per cent.
were defective, and about 60 per cent. were

  
 

   

and Novelty Grimmings

In tremendous quantities and varieties, at PRICES THAT CANNOT BE APPROACHED BY ANY
OTHER STORE.

   
   
 

    

 

 

    
      
   
   
   
    
  
 
       

   
    
  
    
    
     
   
       
       
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
       
    

| other exhibits worth seeing.

  
   
   
 
 
 

           
     
   
 

 

Se (Aaa Dat ae uy et
Vid lide PPS OA AA | } nit HOS ! ak
\\\ bby WI Nie = i Hi Af } a | iN AA ta! WT? ’ Vf \\ur,
Aree MP ei WO el a an fA ube ‘Ih

|

|

so
The Adams Dry Goods Company makes its formal showing of all the new |
|

|

|

|

|

|

|

|

    
 

ie,
fh

x

things to wear, To-morrow and Tuesday. It is without any question the most
elaborate exposition we have ever presented. We do not claim it Is the greatest
showing in the world. We do not pretend to have a “corner on every style that

’

is good and pretty. We acknowledge with all due consideration that there are

But we do lay claim to your attention. We think the showing here is very beautiful; we
have spared no pains or expense to make it so, Our fashion folk have chosen their stocks with
discrimination and an intelligence that pictures to us a knowledge of art.

So far as exclusive things go—and every store has them—we do not believe you will care
to look further, if you come here first; and if you come here last this will be your buying place.

When it comes to the pricing of things, we KNOW _ that no store can excel us. Few
there are who can approach us in fair treatment to you. We would rather sell more merchan-
dise and get less for it than to care for “just a few” and make those few the target of
extortion.

To-morrow and Tuesday will be the best days to see every-
thing that could possibly be of interest to you— when tt
comes to Easter and Spring apparel. We welcome you
with the whole-heartedness that the Adams Store is noted for.

Hats from Paris and Other Places
Controlled by the Queens of Fashion.

The Adams Millinery, whatever else may be said of it, is at least distinctive and beautiful. A good
many folks there are who prefer it to any other sort—whether it be made up in New York, or Paris, or some
other style centre.

The showing of To-morrow and Tuesday will be our finest one.

We are naturally very proud of it. The hats that come from abroad are very pretty, but we don’t
like them one whit better than our own models. Indeed, our own showing somewhat overshadows them.

Each hat has style features solely its own. One would think each had been created by a different
individual, instead of a few master minds,

We make no particular fuss over the opening ; there are no birds to sing, nor flowers to disperse odors.
But there are hats galore—what you are interested in most of all.

Some Garments from the Style-Show
That Are Very Specially Priced.

We told you that our prices were absolutely lowest. We'll prove it in these Monday
offerings. They are newest models—many of them not to be seen in any other store.
Coats and Jackets.
4.98

Tan Covert Jackets;

Jackets of black cheviort; ts; _collar- 5 08
less; lapped seams; satin lined at. 7

Short Jackets of Covert cloth; fly |
front and taffeta lined, at...... 9.98

cloth, new blouse Eton, suse lined vest
front, shoulder cape, girdle
belt, panel skirt 24.50

brown and gray mixtures; satin

| and brown Venetian, satin lined collar-
lined. Flare skirt, panel front |

| less vest front, shoulder cape, fancy
sleeves, finished with piping of taffeta

| and buttons, flare skirt; a

| $19 model for........ f 12.98
Dress Suits, fine broadcloth, black,

navy, brown; collarless Eton, satin lined |

epaulette cape, new sleéve,
nicely trimmed; a $23 suit... 15.98
Misses’ Garments.

Misses’ jaunty Walking Suits; made with
military coat, trimmed with silk braid; |

| mil rimn |
ODE Pee nS

12.98

Walking Suits; new coat style, of black,
navy or brown Lymansville cheviot,
satin lined; neck and cuffs of contrasting |
cloth, trimmed with braid. Flare skirt;

PBR ess, NOWOO|

Walking Suits; coat style; fine black
and white suiting; roll fronts, faced with
silk; braid edging. New sleeve. Flare
skirt with side pleats; finished
with tabs of cloth..... : 25.00

 

Girls' Reefers in fancy mixed fabrics;
box-back effect; 6 to 14. Regu-
4.98

Girls’ tailor-made Box Reefers; collar- ,
less; some are lmed throughout;

z | lap seams and fancy trimming of cloth,
green and brown fabric; new and buttons on hips; all lengths; blue,

style skirt; 14 to 18. Regu- | black mixtures, Regularly |
A (2.50 1 7 ee ET ALOS

with stitched silk on collar; fancy braid
and buttons;6to 14. Regularly

Cotton and Silk Waists.

Of white damask vesting, in stripes Also Of Black Taffeta, entire front of box .
and figures, some with lace effect, pleated $1.25 Madras Waists at............ 49c, pleats and hemstitching; also collar ;

nen ease ewes >a

fait @0od, The Aankee varied froin aes Se ee ee ee eca < fronts, French back, &c. Worth $2.25 Vesting Waists at......... ...95c¢ and cuffs; pleated back. Regu- ,
about one. to one and e quarter inohes in PIPER ON CHICAGO POLICE. $2 to $3.25; allat..........,... 148 $2 Madras Waists at.............. 79c lar $6.00 Waists,at............ 3,98
diameter. Of damask Pique, in black or blue Of Peau de Soie, in black or white, Of Crepe de Chine, in blue, black or i

The report states that the primary cause
for the failure cf the structure was “faulty
design and carelessness and neglect in the

For Uniformity, Brilliancy and Pleas:
ant Drinking Qualities

SAYS THE FORCE COULD HARDLY

    

and white, fine patterns, box pleated different styles; finished with hem-

' pie 08 fh Hid hier laa woth white; fronts of fancy tucks and silk in-
ront, finished with pearl but- stitching, tucks, silk braid, etc. |

serting; tucked back and sleeves. 3.98 y

 

Serign ct ihe mambare.” BE IN WORSE CONDITION. (ce tons. Values $2.98 to $3.75; at Regular $4.25 values at ...... All $5.75 kinds, at .........
llapee was the “lack of lateral eupport — f dy-to-Make Embroidered Shirt! > ,
co . . : t ) k oor SAAR AAR Ot Pa wm |
Se ee ane erin tacy ih wenlek the saris | Pmmenaly Commitiens, with Meyers) | Ready-to-Make Embroi wv f ‘First Announcement Concerning |
a : 1 ° : Assistants, Has Been Doing ‘“‘Shoo- : . é n O '
of length to dear raciun gf gyration ex- | ABM Nate ee een are anemetent Waist Patterns at Just % Price. | : 5

 

The report says in part: and Insufficient—Reports to City Club.

“Practically, the building was pin-con-
nected. The bolis fastening the girders
and beams against the column lugs were of
amaller diameter than the holes, so that
the columns received little or no lateral
support. The column lengths were bolted
together at top and bottom and acted
as continuous cclumns.”

“All the loads were eccentrically sup-
ported on the side brackets. In conse-

uence, the cclumns were too long to carry
the superimposed weight and buckled.
One column, situated at or near the centre
of fall, broke. The upper part of this
column, being deprived of its support,
fell and pulled with it the floor members
bolied to it. Each of these ficor members
pulled over the adjacent columns to which
the other ends were attached; and these
columns, having no Jateral support, broke
at the lower flange.

“Uniformity in height at which the ex-
terior columns breke strongly indicates
that the primary fracture occurred at or
about the level cf the fourth floor.”

In speaking of the design the expert

Cuicaao, March 19.-——“Chicago is suffering
from an inefficient and insufficient police
force and, in my cpinien, the discipline
of the police department in this city could
hardly be in a worse condition,” declared
Capt. Alexander R. Piper, formerly Deputy
Police Commissioner of New York, in a re-
port to the City Club at its meeting this
afternoon, A police commissioner to be
appointed by the Mayor and to hold office
for at least five years at aterm, an increase
of 2,000 more patrolmen and the weeding
from the present force of fully 400 men who
are characterized as too old, incapacitated
or bad in their habits, stand foremost among
the plans Capt. Piper suggesied,

The report was presented by Capt. Piper

as the result of over a mormth’s investiga- THE JOSEPH BENEDICT co.,

tion by himself and several assistants WHOLESALE AGENTS, 249-255 W. 17TH ST., N. Y,

 

Brewery Bottling

HAS NO SUPERIOR

 

The brewers have put ther best
argument Inside the bottle.

A_TASTE TELLS THE STORY.

 

If your dealer can't supply you write to

  

for improvement, are communicated in a |

 

We made another great purchase; one you'll be
interested in, coming, as it does, at the gateway to sum-
mer. Shirt waist patterns, embroidered on fine lawn,
linen or batiste, in all the very newest patterns and style
shapes. The embroidery is shown on front, neckband
and sleeves, White, ecru and black on white.

$4 Patterns, 1.98. $6 Patterns, 2.98.| |
$8 Patterns, 3.98. Every new idea for 1904 is incor-

Considering the very high character of these pat-] ; porated in some style Patrician Shoe,
terns and the great demand for them, no offering the Peers geuiaceee iy exclusive and
store has made this vear is of more real interest. Cee rege a crete er

The Patrician is unquestionably the
Ready-to-Make Lace Robes at '; Saving. best $3.50 Shoe in the world; it is as
$14 and $15 Robes at 10.00. $16 and $19 Robes at 12.19.] ras perfection as any Shoe can be
$20 and $25 Robes at 15.98. $27 and $35 Robes at 20.00] | zt
$40 and $45 Rents at 45.08, $50 and $60 Robes at 39,00 We are Greater New)
Only a hundred and twenty all told, They're all Fn ofa?
ready to sew on whatever fabric vou choose for an Easter York's only Agents.

the 1904 Spring Styles of |

STRICT

THE WOMANS SHOE
THATS RIGHT

 
    
  
   
   
 
  
 

 

ann ren

GAve: , i MMe! (typewritten document of thiriy-one pages, ie a ee ee RS ee GS ere aa ant ae eee ’ j A> all s i - }
“The design was faulty in failing to pro- | ‘To it was attached an appendix of 50 pages, | 117 of them were complaints by private | t@ know where the patrolmen were in each dress, and they'll enhance its beauty a hundred fold. fee sate sch onmtortow
vide any lateral stiffness to take up wind | in which were given the detailed evidence | citizens. ‘ of the cases, 000 G ld Ri Al Spri h Qo sty
reassure, pull of derrick guys, &c. Cast | and statistics upon which the report was All of Capt. Piper's report was not deroga- 20, 0 ings rea y Sold; SPAR subcrs ene sty tea 0) {

areas eannot run divisions from
their desks, and the same remark applies
to captains, lieutenants and sergeants,”
commented Capt. Piper.

Patrolmen lounging in their particular
haunts or in some saloon, handbooks run-
ning all over the city, mob law rather than
erder prevailing at the Harrison street
pelige court and too many soft snape filled

xy regular patrolmen when special police-

tory to the Chicago police. He did not

n columns having a thickness of three- :
question the personal bravery of the men

ee ef an inch should not have been
esigned for a basement of a twelve
story building. This material is so un-
certain as to blowholes and honeycomb-
ing when delivered from the ordinary
foundry as to uire a greater thickness.
“During erection, the errors in the de-
sign shculd have been noted and ocr-
rected. It was carelessness and neglect
that overlooked the Jack cf lateral stiffness,
which must have made itself apparent
when the parts were being framed to-
gether.”

based. This appendix dealt with the in-
dividual conduct of the large number of
officers and patrolmen and communicated
also the detailed reports of the men who
assisted Capt. Piper in making his investi-
gation.

Almost every precinct in Chicago, Capt.

 

Plan for Father Casack's Fleyation.

Bishop-elect Cusack closed his mission
for non-Catholics at Trinity Chapelon West |
Eight y-second street last night and returned |
with his Apostolate Band to his own parish |
at St. Theresa's in Henry street. Bishop |
Cusack will remain there until after his
consecration at the Easter season. After
the ceremony he will go to Bt. Stephen's
Church in East Twenty-eighth street and
formally take possession of his see parish.

Piper said, he patrolled either by day or
night. While 174 derelictions of duty were
noted between Feb. 3 and March 12 by
practically one man, Capt. Piper called at-
tention to the fact that in the entire year of
1903 only 821 charges of similar offences
were filed with the Civil Service Board, and

men ought to be employed were other
abuses discovered by Capt, Piper. He
pointed out that fifty-nine hold-ups, bur-
trated in

demanded

What these investigations discovered, to- |
gether with Capt. Piper’s recc mmendaticn OL SL EE CE a TTS ETERS TO eS

ares and robberies were pe
hicago in less than a month an

  

: ‘ of which will appeal
Kinds Worth $1 to $2 at 25c. |: with, certainty 10
Never did any store §

contain such a crowd as
this one on Monday last.
We started the day with
seventy-two thousand
rings---the biggest single
purchase evermade, They were beauties —all of them. Folks} ?
ought them in half dozens. Why pay more, argued they

when with ordinary care such rings will wear for years. Te

Shoes are $3.50
Oxfords are $3 and $3.50.

Patrician Boots and Oxfords for Girls; made with all
the skill and care necessary to protect tender, growing fect.

7 to 10 1-2, $2; 11 to 2, $2.50, 2d Floor

eee

 

nw

|

 

PPL PL ISL I

 

ET a ETT TC a:

 
      

i