a tt et Os SD BD Me 8

~ ambition.

 

 

 

Have pity for those poor denizens of: the
city who never felt the throb of vigor that
comes from an Oneida gotnty winter, Those
who are brought up in this city of overheated
housds, luxury und perfectly cleaned streets
fre to be pitied bythose.who coin’ from our
county of individual energy to conquer and
conquer again here in New’ York.+Secretary
Root at the Oneida county dinner,

If you look through any of the books
containing the<bidgraphies of New York's
prominent citizens, you are likely to be
impressed at ‘first glance by the over-
whelming proportion of those who came
originally frorn outside the city limita to
the born and bred New Yorkers, It really
seems as if nineteen out of twenty of the
New Yorkers who have attained to em-

~ minence in business, in the law,in medicine,

and in every branch of medicine or the pro-
fessions here, had been imported from with-
out.

Foreigners, of course, constitute a share
of these—Irish, Scotch and English immi-
grants, citizens of German and the Norse
races, and a sprinkling of agile-witted,
adaptable men of Gallic and Latin descent.
But fdr in excess of these are the men from
up tho State, from New England, Ohio,
Tllinois, and the West. And the upstate
towns and villages provide the largest
shafe.

You conjure up a long procession of
bright, ambitious youths with the vigor

- of the hills and the country in their blood,

descending upon the big city, getting ahead
of its own sons and usurping, by right of
the atronger and abler, the bank presidents’
chairs, the choicest law practices, the lar-
gest'clientéles among the folks to be doc-
tored, and the high places in the offices and
counting rooms. That at firet glance is
what the books show.

itn trearly so serious... When you look
bendith the surface,’ and ~isiquige ‘ a. little
intofthe records of thé colintrybéys’ and
the ity boys, theJétter, are holding: their
ownjiin:the struggle getthead,, ©

Fdr one thing, “born in” Messina, or
Watertown, or Schenectady or Skan2ateles
or any other of the upstate towns and. vil~
lages.ddrsn't. necessarily’ mean that the

promirrent «citizen was bred there, though

he midéy belong to the country soolety and
sing the praises of country against town
at the-society’é annual. dinner when the
spirit of county association is strong upon
everybody.

It -doesn't necessarily mean, even if
bred “there, that ambition early in life
brought him to the big city to pit himself
against the town boy for place and power.
He may have had both when he came here
fcr wider opportunities and a more luxurious
life.

It. ig not only the young and ambitious
that tlie city’s life attracts.

Altogether the city boy is holding his end
up. if you doubt it, look at the Supreme

‘ourt bench as an easy and ready twat.

It. ig the Ambition of most rigiig lawyers
to win the judge’s robes of honor; and more
than half of the Supreme Court dijstices in
this department are city born and -bredi

The fact is that New York, like every
other great city, largely recruits its popu-
lation. from outside. There is opportunity
for afl; and while it is true that country-
bred men fill many of its places of distinc-
tion, the proportion is not nearly so large
as the books and the after-dinner orators
of the outlanders, if the country boys can
‘be called that, would lead anybody to sup-
pose.

Curiously enough, away from the county
dinner table, the country importations are
the first to admit it. The stuff that’s in the
boy, whether he comes from the city or the
country is what counts; but it often happens
that the boy whose ambition has urged
him to leave the home fields is the boy who
gets ahead.

“Yes,” said the secretary of the Society of
the Genesee, to an inquirer, looking over
his own list of members. “It is a notable list.
But I am not so sure that the men from the
country do proportionately get ahead of
the bern. New Yorkers.

“Ask some of ’em, See J. B. Van Every,
first vice-president of the Western Union
Telegraph Company. He is a notable ex-
ample of success in New York.” r

“You can’t prove anything by me,"said
Mr. Van Every. “In the first place I don't
come :from the country, but from the city
of Rochester, which is quite a place,

“In ‘the second place I wasn't urged to
come-to New York by the promptings of
I came because I had to.

“TI was transferred here when the West-
ern Union moved its headquarters to New
York in 1866 and I was a married man with
fair experience in business when I came.

“T wouldn't like to say that the country
boy [does get ahead of the city boy,
and ig either brighter, more industrious
or more able. It isn't my experience that
he is.

“A great many country boys have got
along: here. So have many foreigners;
80 have many city boys.

“Tt isn’t city training nor country breed-
ing that gives success. It’s industry and
the power of concentration and brains.
You are just as likely to find these in one
boy as the other. Ihave seen notable
instances of both,

“The country boys don't all get to the
top. There are just as many in the ruck
as there are men who were born and brought
up here in New York. ‘Be ye diligent in

* business and ye shall sit with kings,’ doesn’t

the proverb say?

“We are all looking for the boy who can
do things better than any other boy and
can be relied on so to do them. When
we find him we help him along, and I don't
think anybody cares so very much where
he comes from.”

There is one view of it not at all incom-
patible with the success of the youths from
up the State and elsewhere. Here is an-
other:

It is that of a country boy from a village
up the State who has succeeded. He is a
rising lawyer, an orator of note, and he has
held important political offices in this city.
He is still young and his career is half be-
fore him. “Of course, it is self evident,”
said he, “that all the country boys who
come to the city don’t succeed; nor do all
successful country boys make their success
in the city. There are opportunities else-
where.

“But a large proportion of those who
come here do get ahead just because they
have the equipment for it.

“In the first place, the ambitious boy
who comes here from the small country
town because he is attracted by the chances
the city offers to him has had time to think

i the Country Boy Win Oftenest?
- “You Might Think So, but the City
ie Boy Is Holding His Own in Life,

 

|

 

ee Ss

   
  
   
   

   
   
    
   
 

 

 

it all out. He oomes here, almost invari-
ably, with his line of work planned, and if
he has the grit to succeed he sticks at it.

“Then, like the really go-ahead immi-
grants, he is terribly economical. His
training leads him to demand not one-
tenth of the luxuries the average city boy
desires.

“As a rule he runs neither to theatres
nor to clubs. His friends are few and his
tastes inexpensive, but—if he is the boy
who is going ahead—his capacity for work
is enormous.

“If he is mature, he has the right perspec-
tive. When I go to my little town up the
State I fluid that the fellows up there who
were my chums and school companions
have events in this city sized up just about
right,

“They realize the relative importance of
men and events quite as well as, if not better
than I do and they know just as much
as the eity man about the men who really
count. They haven't the city rush to
bother them. They really have time to
llve and think; we only act.

“Take a country lawyer. He will come
down here to argue a case and beat the city
lawyer into a cocked hat on the law of it.

“He won't sidestep so easily and he
won't have the tricks of the profession
down so fine, and maybe his argument
won't have the brilliancy of the city lawyer's.
But he will know his case a whole sight
better, and on a matter of law will be hard
to beat.

“He has had time to work it up and his
training has led him to do the thing thor-
oughly. It’s the same way in business.

“The countryman is thorough; his inter-
ests are neither so numerous nor 80 diverse
as to trouble him in his work. He is con-
tent to toil long and hard for success and
to let amusements and social interests
go hang till his success is assured.

“TI think there you have one secret of the
success of the young man from the country
who has perseverance and brains.”

A type of success in the city of New York
is Ashbel P. Fitch, president of the Trust
Company of America. Mr, Fitch is noted
both as a lawyer and asa financier. He has
been prominent -in Congress, and he has
been Comptroller of the city.

And if anybody is qualified to express
an unbiassed opinion upon the merits of
country and city training Mr. Fitch should
be the man, for he was born in Clinton
county, the northernmost of the State,
and received half his early training in the
city.

When he was nine years old his family
moved to New York and he attended Public
School 13. His summer home has been for
years in Franklin county, and he is presi-
dent both of the Franklin County Society
and of the Thomas Hunter Association of
the graduates of old Public School 13.

This is what Mr. Fitch in the capacity of
arbitrator on this question had to say:

“I am inclined to think that the City of
New York is as much the city of oppor-
tunity for boys from the city as it is for
those from the country.

“The young man from the county of New
York, if they have the right stuff in them,
do just as well here as the boys of whom
the people at home in Oneida and Franklin
and Dutchess counties are proud.

“Look at the Judges of the Supreme
Court in this district’ Edward Patterson,
Morgan J. O'Brien, George L. Ingraham,
Francia M. Scott, Vernon M. Davis, P.
Henry Dugro, Edward B. Amend, Henry
Bischoff, Jr., Leonard A. Giegerich and
James A. O'Gorman are all of them New
York city boys.

“Judge Greenbaum was born in London,
but he came to New York when he was
8 years old and was a New York city school-
boy and student.

“Presiding Justice Van Brunt was born
at Fort Hamilton, now in the city limits;
was graduated from the College of the City
of New York,and has lived all his life in this
city.

“Judge Barrett was born in Ireland,
Judge Truax and Judge MacLean in Oneida
county.

“Judge Leventritt is a South Carolinian
by birth, but moved to New York when he
was 9 and was graduated from the City
College.

“Judge Freedman was born in Germany,
Judge Gildersleeve in Dutchess county,
Judge Clarke in Florence, Italy; Judge
McCall in Albany and Judge Blanchard in
Jefferson county. '

“So thirteen Judges out of twenty-one
have been chosen from the boys who grew
up in the City of New York and were edu-
cated in her schools.

“IT have no doubt that a similar examina-
tion into the lists of men who have achieved
success in the other professions and in busi-
ness will demonstrate that the boys from
New York county have been just as success-
ful in the sharp struggle for position and
reputation in this city as have their com-
petitors from the country.

“I think, too, it is interesting that the
three young men who were the most promi-
nent in the early scenes of the Revolution
in New York city were Alexander Hamilton,
Gouverneur Morris, and John Jay, and
that descendants of each of these men are
holding high rank in professional and busi-
ness circles in this city at present. ;

“An examination of the membership of
the Saint Nicholas Club, a condition of
admission to which is that the member
must have had an ancestor here at the out-
break of the Revolution, will show that many
other very old New York families are repre-
sented by men who stand high in the pro-
fessions and business at the present time.
It’s a fair fleld and the New York city boys
get as much out of it as do any others.”

Neither country boys nor city boys have
it all their own way. The foreigners come
in for a share of the city's spoils, also.

For instance, there is George C. Boldt,
Pro nur of the Waldorf-Astoria, who came

ere from Europe and made his own way.
There are two Supreme Court Justices
cited by Mr. Fitch and there are many more
men in high places in business and the pro-
fessions who came here from abroad and
have made their mark in the city’s life.

The race is to the swift and the battle
to the strong, no matter whence they come.

 

Small Coins Newer and Brighter.
From ihe Philadelphia Record.

“Have you noticed the Improved quality of the
coins now In clrculation?” asked the trolley car
conductor 4s he pulled @ handful of bright pennies,
nickels and dimes from his pocket for inspection,

“It's due to an effort on the part of the Govern-
ment to put better money {nto circulation by re-
calling the worn and shiny pleces from which the
impression of the die has become effaced. I've
noticed for the past two years a steady improve-
ment in this respect. All the banking Institutions
now throw aside the coins that show decided traces
of wear, and the Treasury Department redeems
these with mew ones. In England a solied bank
noie ts unknown. The paper money is always
new and crisp, belng recalled before it becomes
worn. It's getting to be that way in this country
With our small coins.”

NN ee ee ene Fe

 
 

 

 

'IN THE SECOND GENBRATION,

 

ACTORS WITH FAMOUS > NAMES,

. BORN FOR THE STAGE.
|

 

They Couldn't Keep Henry Miller's Son
ON It—Slowly Developed Taient of the
Younger Drews and _Barrymores
—Some of the Theatre Stars in Embryo.

{ The second generation, of popular actors

| has been covering itself with glory in the

| last two years, and their parents have little
cause to be ashamed of them.

Henry Miller struggled, hard to prevent
his young son from going on the stage,
He wanted the son to be a lawyer and all
his education was directed ta preparing
him for that or some other bustness calling.
But theatre blood flows in the lad’s veins.
He is the grandson of the great Matilda
Heron, in her day the greatest Camille this
country knew, His mother, Bijou Heron,
acted for a while, but her taste for the stage
did keep her there long. :

Mr. Miller's struggles to, keep his son
from going on the stage surprised his friends,
who asked him what his objections were to
a calling in which he had won so much
distinction.

“I have never seen that the young man
possesses the least talent, else I would not
have objected in the least to his becoming
an actor,” was his explanation.

The young man was old enough to do as
he wanted, and will be heard from in the
future or verify his father's doubts.

There are some striking instances of such
slowly developing talent in the children of
actors that Mr. Miller need not be dis-
couraged if his son does not’ straightway
make a name for himself. Only yesterday
an actress, onetime known from one end
of this country to the other, was telling
her experiences while John Drew was a
youthful member of his mother’s company
at the old Arch Street Theatre in Phila-
delphia.

“John Drew once caused me an awful
pull over to the other side of Williams-
burg,” she said, “in order to get an actor
to go with me to Philadelphia. In those
days the stock company supported the
visiting star, and the parts in our plays
were sent in advance that the actors might
prepare themselves for our arrival. The
parts were assigned by the manager of the

act with Mrs. Drew was always in a funk
to find out what part she had given John,
who was then a very young man and just
beginning his career. It didn't make very
much difference what sort of part she gave
him. John had not then shown the talent
that made him famous efterward, and his
mother had a habit of miscasting him so
terribly that the poor fellow had really
very little chance, so we were all uneasy
as our Philadelphia season took place,
until we heard what John’s was.

“One season I found the week before
I was going to Philadelphia that John was
cast for a part which was very important
{in one or two scenes. I perfectly well
knew that it would be impossible for him
to act it, so I was in a great state of mind
until I found a substitute. My husband
discovered that a man who had once or
twice played the part with me livéd some-
where in Williamsburg, and I set out to
find him. It was a long search, but after
a while I got him.

“ ‘Why, I can't act now,’ he said; ’I have
retired from the stage. I am a paper-
hanger and I make a dollar and a half
a day.’ Y ; ‘

“‘Paper-hanger or not,’ I said, ‘you
are better than Johri Drew, so I want you
to go to Philadelphia with me next week.’

“He went and acted the part that should
have gone to John Drew.”

Old Mrs, Drew was always a severe judge
of her sons and daughters, and never hesi-
tated to speak with the utmost frankness
of what she considered their faults. One
evening she saw her granddaughter, Ethel
Barrymore, act for the first time a part of
importance, After the play the old lady
went around to the stage.

“Do tell me how I did, grandma,” said
Miss Barrymore.

“You would have done very well,” an-
swered the old lady, with her most severe
expression, “if it had been possible to under-
stand a word you said.”

The talent of the Barrymores did not
show itself at the outset, There was never
a less promising beginner than Lionel. In
“Cumberland, '61,” and the other plays in
which he acted first there was little trace
of his father's or mother's talent. He
really “found himself” first two years ago
in “The Mummy and the Humming Bird,”
when, in a new line of parts, he showed
himself able to bring still greater fame
to the family name. Ethel Barrymore
acted first ten years ago in “The Bauble
Shop,” when John Drew left the Empire
to travel on the road. Neither in that
play, in “Rosemary” nor in “Katherine”
was there a spark of talent discernible in
anything she did; but she was accumulating
all that time the experience that was going
some day to bring out the latent spark
that existed there,

John Barrymore, the youngest brother,
only became an actor this year, and, if
reports are to be believed, has shown his
capabilities more quickly than any of the
other members of his family.
played only two or three réles, but already
he has gained as much reputation as it
took Lionel two or three years to earn.

John Drew's daughter, Louise, has so
far, in the modest opportunities given to
her, shown very little evidence of the Drew
talent, but nobody believes it will fail to
come, sooner or later. It will be a curious
state of affiars, and certainly one without
precedent if it does not, when Ethel, Lionel
and John Barrymore are simultaneous
stars. Ethel Barrymore has established
her position; Lionel is certain to be a star
next season, and is practically the star
at the Empire Theatre now, and probably
John Barrymore will be equally important
in the next few years.

Life is, naturally, easier for these young
people, who come to the theatre out of the
aristocracy of the actors, as it were, and
bearing well known names. Work is made
easier for them, and privileges are allowed
to them which would be forbidden to others.
Then family strain helps them, for most
of them, even if they do not begin to act
as very young children, live, nevertheless,
in a theatrical atmosphere.

Young Joe Wheelock, who plays light
comedy rdéles at the Empire, is better known
to the present generation than his father
of the same name, who is always regarded
as a sterling actor of serious parts. Proba-
bly his son now receives a larger salary
for his two or three scenes than his father
would for “Macheth.”

Percy Waren is the great-grandson of the
noted Miss Farren, who acted the leading
roles in so many of the Sheridan comedies,
and a great-great-grandson of the famous
tragedian, Thomas Betterton.

Charles Kemble is the last of the noted
Kembles; and in nearly every New York
company there are members of families
which have been associated with the stage
for generations. Not all of these rise to
prominence, but it rarely happens in any

case that th do not sh the
tmimpmran

’
theatre.
“Everybody who went at that time to

rr

  

   

SES

 

     

Wastes Ae
a

te ye LARA L A, ive
SUNDAY, MARCH

 

MR. ROOSEVELT’S OTHER OHEEK,
A’ Meeting With William Alden Smith, the
'“ Hoomer of Speaker Cannon.

WaSHINGTON, March 19.—Men who have
been personally’ acquainted with many
Presidents aver. that-Mr.- Roosevelt is the
most adept of them all at keeping under
cover his’ real feelings with respect to a
given incident that concerns himself an
his own prospects, V4

lt-was ‘known, for example, that that
sudden and tremendous Cannon boom in the
House of Representatives caused the Presi-
dent’ concern, In these circumstances,
the friends of William Alden. Smith
guyed hini a good deal after the incident
in the House, asking him if he had: yet
received his notification from the White
House that he “needn't come 'round,” *.

On Sunday forenoon, last, just after the
incident on the floor of the House, William
Alden Smith and his wife, ‘returning from
church to their, home, were strolling along
Sixteenth street. A blocky man with a top
hat and a tightly buttoned frock coat and
no overcoat, although the morning was
very chilly, came up behind them. It was
Mr. Roosevelt, returning at his charac-
teristic half-trot from the church which
he attends on Sundays.

“Mrs. Smith, how do you do?” said Mr.
Roosevelt, removing his silk hat with a
great flourish. “And William Alden, hel-lo
to you, my boy,” and the President slipped
his arm through that of the Congressman
from Michigan.

Thus they walked past the Arlington
Hotel, in the office windows of which were a
number of Senators and Representatives,
lounging and sunning themeelves. Most
of them smiled when they saw the President
with his arm linked in that of the man who
only a few days before had shown up the
carefully concealed sentiments of the Re-
publican members-of the lower house in
such extraordinary fashion.

“Well, what do you ah of that? There
goes Theodore turning the other cheek
to Billy Smith,” murmured one of the Rep-
resentatives seated at the hotel window,
and then they all laughed and twiddled
their thumbs and gazed up at the ceiling
in a reflective, knowing sort of way-

TWO NOTABLE: ARMY OFFICERS

Lieut. Smyser, Aged 22, the Youngest
—ieut. Peek, @ ft. 4 1e2, the Tallest.
The youngest commissioned officer in

the United States Army is, perhaps, Ru-

dolph E. Smyser, a First Lieutenant of
cavalry.

Lieut. Smyser was born on Dec. 5, 1882.
When only a little over 15 he enlisted as a
private in Company A, Eighth Pennsylvania
Infantry, on June 10, 1898, for service in
the war with Spain. On Aug. 17, 1890, he
was appointed a Second Lieutenant in the
Forty-seventh United States Volunteer
Infantry, and saw service in the Philippines.

On March 31, 1901, he was promoted
to First Lieutenant, and served as such
until honorably mustered out in July, 1901.
When the army was reorganized by the
act of Feb. 2, 1901, he was appointed a
Second Lieutenant in the regular estab-
lishment and assigned to the Fourteenth
Cavalry, one of the new regiments.

On Novy. 22, 1902, he was promoted to
First Lieutenant and assigned to the Fourth
Cavalry, but in March of the following
year he found a transfer back to his first
love in the Regular army, and is now with
his old regiment, the Fourteenth Cavalry,
which has also seen service in the Philip-
pine Islands.

Should Lieut. Smyser not leave the ser-
vice for any other cause, he would not retire
‘for age until Dec. 5, 1946.

The tallest officer in the United States
Army is Ernest D. Peek, a First Lieutenant,
Corps of Engineers. He is 6 feet 444 inches
in height.

Lieut. Peek is a native of Wisconsin
and a graduate of the high school at Osh-
kosh. He was appo'ated to West Point in
1897, and was a star graduate, thus en-
titling him to assignment to the choice arm
of the service—the Corps of Engineers.

While at West Point he was known as
“Pike's Peek” on account of his height.
He has given especial attention to road
construction, and soon after his graduation
supervised the building of a military road
which is now known as “Peek's Pike.”

 

 

MEN'S WAYS WITH WATCHES.

Some Careless, and Some Careful, as Thef
Are With Their Other Belongings.

“A watch ought to be cleaned once in
say eighteen months or two years,” said
the jeweller; “but how often it would need
to be cleaned and how often a man's watch
might stand in need of repairs would de-
pend a good deal on the man himself; on
how he used it.”

“On how he used it? Doesn't a man just
put his watch in his pocket and carry it?
Is there any difference in the ways in which
men use their watches?”

“Why, there’s all the difference in the
world, just as there is in the ways in which
men use their clothes or any other of their
belongings. One man, for instance, will
put on a new overcoat and have it looking
ike an old one in a month, and another
man would wear the same overcoat two
seasons and come out with it at the end
of the second season looking fresh and
in good order. And one man will makg
anew watch look like an old one in no time,
and another will in some way, and without
carrying it in a chamois bag or anything of
that sort, always have his watch looking
new and in good condition, One man
will take out his watch to look at the time
anywhere, when the wind is blowing dust
along the street, or in the rain or the snow
while another man will be thoughtful of
such things and not get out his watch to
look at it where it would be exposed to the
possibility of injury from such a cause.
And he would keep the pocket in which he
carried it free from dust and lint, and would
be careful of it generally.

“Oh, yes, there's all the difference in the
world in the way in which men use their
watches, just as there is in ali their ways.”

 

 

 

MOST PERSONS RIGHT FOOTED.

Why the Left Shoe Wears Out Before the
; Right.
From the Shoe Retailer.

“Did you ever notice that people are right-
footed?” asked the proprietor of ashoe store.
“Watch my clerks, and you will see that
invariably customers will put out their right
foot when going to be fitted. Now watch
that corpulent woman going to sit down
over there.”

The women with great weight of body took
a seat, lifted her curtain of black veiling,
and as the clerk approached her she poked
her right foot from beneath an expanse of
skirt.

“It's always the case and | don't believe
I ever knew it to fail. The shoe manufact-
urers evidently are wise to this fact, ak in
the cartons the right shoe is always packed
on top. Once 1 had a lot of shoes come to
me with the left shoe on top and it caused
me such annoyance that I wrote to the
mannfacturer, calling his attention to the
matter so that it wouldn't happen again.
The majority of people are right handed,
yet a left handed person has the right foot
habit. The right hand is larger than the left,
as it is used more, and consequently develops
the muscles to a greater extent. On the other
hand, the left foot is larger than the right in
most persons. The difference is so slight
that we seldom have trouble in fitting shoes,
however. It is the left shoe that wears out
before the right, and probably for this
Treason.”

 
 

  
 

ee ee

WOMAN MURDERED BY PROXY.

 

   
  

 

A TALE OF SUPERSTITION AND
LOVE FROM FAR GUIANA.

th, ;
Taruma, Who Adored Kaliwa, Burned Her
Alivé to Exercise the Evil Spirit That
Made Her 1—British Justice Gets
thé Medicine Man Who Ordered It.

GroRGETOWN, British Guiana, March 9.~
Barualli, an Arawak Indian medicine chief,
was, executed here a few days ago on the
charge of murdering by proxy. The exe-
cution’ brings’ down the curtain on’ the
last act of a strange tragedy of supersitition
and barbarity’ which is a reminder of the
middle ages in Europe, when people pos-
sessed of a grievous devil were burned at
the stake.” In this case Kaliwa, an Indian
woman, Was burned by her own husband. |

A tribe of aboriginal Arawaks, blood
cousins to the Caribs wiped out in the
Soufriére eruption, still lives in the selvas
of British Guiana, The name of the tribal
chief is Tara.

Last’ year Tara's son, Taruma, fell in
love with Kallwa, the daughter of another
chief, Maklana. The couple were married
to the rites of the tribe and lived

acco

happily until Jast Christmas, when Kaliwa
gave birth to a child, which died a week
later. Kaliwa became mad as a result of

physical suffering and mental anguish.

When Kaliwa became insane Taruma,
fearing that the gods had cast the evil
eye upon his wife, called in the Marinow,
the medicine chief of the tribe. The Mari-
now came and, after a careful examination
of the ailing Woman, announced the pres-
ence of an evil spirit in the body.

Taruma was prostrated with grief over
the terrible affliction which had come upon
Kaliwa. He lacerated his body with
spears 6o that the gods might see his morti-
fication and be appeased and spare Kaliwa.
So grief-strickén was he that he even rubbed
pepper into. his wounds.

But Kaliwa grew worse. Then the Mari-
now ofdered that Taruma procure mara-
buntas atid stinging ants to torture the
body of the young Indian girl so that the
evil spirit might be satisfied and depart
from her, :

An ants’ nest was procured and broken
up on her couch, and while the ants
swarmed over the unfortunate woman's
body thé Marinow exorcised with many
incantations. But in spite of it all the
devil would not depart from Kaliwa, and
in the night time, according to Taruma’s
ventininny, thé evil thing cried from his
wife's dy, saying:

“ Aboa ka di! Aboa ka di!” whieh means:
“I am sick unto death!” ;

Eventually, the medicine chief, who de-
olared that the spirit was still in Kaliwa's
body, decided that, to prevent the evil spirit
from seizing upon any of the other women
of the tribe, it would be necessary to take
Kaliwa into the jungle and there leave her
to die. She must be taken by devious
routes, he said, so that when the spirit was
liberated it would be unable to find its
way back to the Arawak village. —

Taruma pleaded hard for his wife, but
the medicine man was obdurate, He de-
manded the immediate removal and death
of Kaliwa. Then Taruma, who said he
loved his wife, “with a great love,” pleaded
again that Kaliwa might be spared, “at
least until the moon came.” The moon
was one cf Taruma’'s gods, and the moon
was a soft and tender hearted god. The
moon would surely drive out the evil spirit.
This plea was granted, but no one was al-
lowed to see the mad girl except Taruma
and Maklana, her father, and the medicine
chief, who @xorcised day and night.

But, alas for pocr Kaliwa and unfor-
tunate Taruma, the January mocn brought
no relief, although the young chief pros-
trated himself to his tender hearted god

 

and tortured himself that the moon might }

see and melt with compassion.

Then a fibre hammcck was procured and’
in

the young chief's wife was lai fr.
Taruma bore the head and Maklana the
foot, and they took Kaliwa into the jungle
by devious ways. The Marinow walked
ahead, chanting wild dirges.

At a spot far removed frem the Arawak
village the hammock bearing Kaliwa was
slung between two trees and there Taruma
was left alone with his wife, the Marinow
and Maktana returning to the village. But
befcre he went the medicine chief said:

“Taruma, if it be that the evil spirit has
not gone out from Kaliwa before the moon
rises again, vou must gather drv wood
and bur Kaliwa, so that the spirit will
Perish with her.” :

Then Taruma was left alone. According
to his own stery, tcld in the court at Gecrge-
town, he called to his wife in the night:

“Kaliwa, hiaro ki! Kaliwa!"

But she onlv stared up at the moon and
babbled: “Aboa ka di! <Aboa ka di!"

Taruma himself wandered like a mad-
man through the jungle crying out to the
moon, the stars, the trees, the waters and
the rocks, for these were his gods. He
cursed them, then pleaded, then tore his
own flesh and rubbed the wounds with
poisonous herbs, but the gods would not

relent. Kaliwa must die. Kaliwa must
be burned alive.
When this story was drawn out bit by

bit, there was not a dry eye in the court
at Georgetown, except those of the medicine
chief, the prisoner charged with the actual
murder of Kaliwa. :

Taruma, who was held as an accomplice
and chief witness, was too heartbroken
to tell a connected story. In the middle
of his testimony he would suddenly shriek
out the name of Kaliwa and then rave and
cur@e the Marinow. The medicine man
told the Judge that the evil spirit must
have gone into Taruma. Hence his wild
behavior. The Attorney-General got the
rest of the story after much patient cross-
examination,

“Five days I stayed in the jungle with
Kaliawa,” said Taruma, “although he [the
Marinow] said that she must die before
the moon came on the second night. But
T could not do it. On the fifth, night the
moon did not come and as Kaliwa had been
silent. and cold for many hours, I thought
she was dead. In the darkness I was
afraid that the devil might come out of her
and seize upon me; so I gathered the dry
wood as the Marinow said and made a
fire underneath the hammock. Kaliwa
screamed——"

Here Taruma’s story was cut short.
He refused to proceed and did nothing
but rave at the medicine chief in the dock.
The young chief admitted, however. that
he had made the fire with his own hands
and that he had been ordered to do so by
the Marinow.

It was Taruma himself who, in defiance
of his tribe and of the medicine chief, went
Atraight to the plice and teld them that
he had murdered his wife. When Pclice In-
specter Melville heard all the facts, he
Homvestately preferred a charge of
murder, not against the UABAPEY HADeDa,
but against the medicine man. e was ar-
rested and Taruma was also held.

When the scene of the tragedy was
visited, only two ends of rope and a pile
of ashes and bones were found. These
grewsome relics were produced in court.

At the, end of the trial the Attorney-
General, who had been tracing similar
crimes’ to the medicine chief for years,

ft had been suggested that the pris-
oner (the Mayinow) was an aboriginal
Indian; uneducated and illiterate, did not
understand the customs of civilization and,
therefore, could not be judged by ordinary
standards or dealt with in the same man-
ner as persons otherwise placed, But it
would be a most dangerous doctrine, he
sald, to suggest that such persons should
be tried by different laws and different
standards,

The facts of the case were that the Mari-
now told Tarumato burn his wife. Taruma
did it. The fury was asked to remember
the absolute power of the medicine chief.
If they were satisfied that Taruma did the
act in accordance with his beliefa and in
co uence of what Barualli, the medicine
man, had told him, then the latter, not
Taruma, was guilty of the murder.

The ee Bee aly. The Judge
made a touching reas to the crowd of
aboriginal Indians assembled in court,
Pointing out to them the evils of the medi-
cine chiefs. He ended by offering the un-
happy Tarunia his deepest sympathy and

  

    

 

rr

    

TN

   

 
   

 
  
  
   
  

   
  
 

   

 

i <n

; x
SBM iN

[ail

 

Pwo lB

 

AN a
Bad soos +
i ean as

 

ll)

»

       
   

= SS

   

 

cago, every day in the year.
table in this paper.

senger transportation.

 
   
  
  
 

We ac

(a
é eH |
i iy
Oi
‘ va

|

,

The only 20 hour train between New York and Chi-
It is called “ The Busy Man’s Train” and illustrates the
position reached by the New York Central Lines in pas-

Our 52-page Illustrated Catalogue of the “Four-Track Series” wi! be sent
for a two-cent stamp by George H. Daniels, General Passenger Agent, New York

THE 20 HOUR TRAIN

Between NEW YORK and CHICAGO.

THE 20TH CENTURY LIMITED

OVER THE

NEW YORK CENTRAL-LAKE SHORE ROUTE.

      
      

   
 
 
 
 

This will give
a faint idea of the
Twentieth Century Limited.

    

See New York Central Kime

 
       
       
 

aaa]

 

turned the young chief over to the care
of the Indian Mission. | peters here sen-
tence upon the medicine chief, the Judge

said: +

“Barualli, you have committed murder
by proxy. Fortunately for the cause of
humanity I am able to say that you will
not die by proxy.”

He then put on the black cap and sen-
tenced Barualli to death by hanging. The
medicine chief was hanged at George-
town on March 6, x Z

Taruma has since renoynced his tribe
and its beliefs and become a Christian.
His reason for this change is expressed
in these words: :

“The white man’s God is merciful to a
lover.” me

SOMETHING BEHIND THE DOOR.

Wouldn’t Come Out, So a Revolver Was
Emptied Into It—Result.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 19.—Joseph Kreig,
a farmer of Sand.Creek township, Bar-
tholomew county, was entertaining friends
a night or two ago. Late in the evening,
after one of the younger guests had told a
number of hair raising stories about hold-
ups out West, whence he had recently
returned, Miss Fredia Kreig had occasion
to go to an adjoining room. She pushed
the door open and it flew back, hitting
her in the face. She opened it again, and
again the door closed on her as though
some one was pushing from the other

side.

She ran into the room where the guests
were assembled, and told her father that
some one was in the-room and held the
door against her. Mr. Kreig went to the
door and met with the same experience
that his daughter had encountered. He
then rushed violently against the door
and was hurled back into the room, the
door opening but part of the way, and
apparently being thrown back by some
ane on the opposite side. Mr. Kreig told
his daughter to bring his shotgun, but: it
was in the room where the sup
burglar held the door. A revol¥er was
subetituted.

George Kreig forced his head through
the opening and attempted to peer behind
the door, but it was forced back against
him so that it caught his neck, and he was
glad to pull his head back without getting
a look at the intruder. ;

Then two of the guests were sent outside
to guard the windows, and the elder Krei
armed himself with a stick of stove wooc

 

and a lamp. Dill Wilbur, one of the
guests, had a fire shovel, and another
guest the revolver. The intruder was

again called and told to come out or suffer
the consequences, but he evidently chose

to suffer, for no response came to the
command.

Young Kreig then put his arm through
the opening, turns d the revolver toward
whatever was bel i ¢@ the door and fired

one shot. The wom: 1 screamed and the
excitement became inti ns.

Another demand wis made on the in-
truder. He failed to respond and shot
after shot was fired from the pistol in the
hand through the opening. Still there
was no movement from within, Then the
two Kreigs, Wilbur and Day rushed against
the door and broke it from its hinges.

Just behind was the ironing board, which
had fallen from its resting place and had
so lodged against the door that it operated
as a spring to force it shut whenever the
door was pressed back against it. There
were four bullets holes in the board, and
all agreed that if it had been a man_ he
would have been killed by the first shot
but if that bad not been fatal, the second
would certainly have finished him,

STEAMBOAT.

NEGRO AND THE

 

 

River Man's Reason for Belleving Colored
Man Is a Good Roustabout.

From the New Orleans Times-Democrat,

“The suggestion came out of St. Louis the
other day that white labor had: replaced the
negro on the wharf and that after long ser-

vice the black roustabout was about to enter
upon the decline of his sway,” said an old

river man: “all of which, I may add, I accept
with «a grain of salt, as the saying goes,
Somehow T can never think of the success-

ful and really valuable roustabout as any-
thing but a black man,

“The negro seems to have been born to the
calling. He is, a8 a rule, fond of the steam-
boat, and naturally takes to steamboat work.
He has always hovered around the river

Of course you will find negroes back in the
hills and scattered around in the higher
altitudes; but the vast inujority_of them you
will find quartered in the lowlands of ‘the

country, and on the rivers, where he can hear
the flutter of steamboat wheels. There is
one other fact to be mentioned in connee-
tion with the negro's peculiar fitness for
steamboating

“Did you ever hear the steamboat mate
talking to the ‘rousters'—say for instance,
when the boat was u little late in pulling
out andduring the busy season? Hast not,
eh? Well, there is something in store for
you, something lurid and forceful and some-
thing that will force you to run the gamut
of the emotions. The point is that the negro
is stimulated and urged on to quicker work
by this kind of talk. Profanity is an essen-
tial in the mate’s calling. The negro needs
it. I was just wondering ifthe white man
would ever get used to it. Maybe so, but I
have my doubts about it.”

 

Katavama Studied at lowa College.
From the Patladelphia Press,

Japan's distinguished soctologist, Sen Joseph
Katayama, lald the foundation for bis great labors
in behalf of humanity tn lowa and Imbibed the
first principles of his altruistic social views at the
fect of Prof. Parker at lowa College, at Grinnel},
When the young Japanese left lowa College as a
fraduate with the class of ‘@ his friends and
Associates expected much of him, for he had shown
himself the possessor of an unusual mind and of
a notable aggressiveness and optimism.

Sen Joseph Katayama is now the head of the
most noted social settlement In Japan, Kingsley
Hall, Tokto, which he founded: and he ts recognized
as one of the leading soclological workers of the
world.

This noted Japanese has had an Interesting
oareer that reads much like a romance. He was

bor of a t family in Japan and his educa-
tion was obtained through his own efforts, a
almost overwhelming odds. + ener

  

ee

  

 

TIGHTENING UP DIVORCE LAW.

DURBIN OF INDIANA
DOING IT IN HIS

SET
STATE,

Gov.
ON

 

The Law Easy Now and the Judges Easter
Still in Applying It—So Many None
residents Find There a Ready Cure
for All the Ills of Unhappy Marriage.

INDIANAPOLIS, Mawch 19.—Gov. Durbin
has determined to make a heroic effort
to have the divorce laws of: Indiana so
changed by the next General Assembly
that Indiana will no longer be the Mecca
of men and women.who want to be rid of
their better halves and don't want to wait
the slow, and perhaps doubtful, processes
of their own State courts. He is sending
out letters to all classes of citizens asking
for suggestions as to the provisions that a
divorce law should contain. He is de-
pending for information principally upon
the Judges of courts, who are called upon
so often to sever matrimonial bonds, and
the ministers who unite men and women
in marriage.

The immediate cause of the Governor's
action is the fact that the State courts are

80 often called upon to try. this class of cases '

that in some instances they give more
than half of the term to divorces alone.
He believes that the ease with which divorces
are secured is one of the causes of the large
increase of this kind of litigation, and he has
become convinced from conversation with
members of the bar that many Judges are
too lenient in construing the statute, and
rant divorces solely on the ground that
they do not believe the parties can live
happily together, though, as a matter of
fact, the trial does not show that statu-
tory grouhds for severing the ties exist.

a@ year that thé executive office has been
applied to by women whose husbands have
secured divorces in the State without their
knowledge. They were women whose
husbands were travelling men who
were away from home a great deal. ev

intended to locate in a certain town and
thereafter made it their headquarters.

As soon as a legal residence was thus
secured, suit was brought for divorce, the
residence of the defendant was given as
unknown, and the separation was legalized
after a formal inquiry in which the plaintiff
was the only witness. Ak soon as the
divorce was granted, the man shook the
dust of the town off his feet, and the only
one who had profited by his residence was
the attorney who had brought the suit

A Chicago Alderman was the first man
known to play this trick on the Indiana
courts. He came to Lake county, remained
there as a citizen long enough to gain a
residence, and received a divoree from
the circuit court in this county, swearing
that he was a citizen of this State. Yet h+
had been attending to his business in
Chicago all the time and was in no sense
a resident of Indiana in the strict meaning
of the law. After the divorce was granto<|
he coolly informed his wife of the decrer
and refused to live with her. She had the
matter investigated by a lawyer here,
and they arranged the matter between
themselves. The threatened suit to set
aside the divorce was never brought.

Gov. Durbin is seeking information on
the subject with a view to making recom-
mendations to the Legislature, and it is
understood that he proposes to hase the
Attorney-General draft a bill which he will
urge the Legislature to enact. It will
seek to put limitations upon the power of
Judges in such cases as well as lessen the
| number of causes for which divorces may

be granted. With these restrictions it is
thought that divorce scandals will be less
numerous and less ‘offensive in character.
The last Legislature passed a bill providing
for limited divorce, but this does not appear
to have worked a curo for the evil.

SPECIAL 30-DAY OFFER —

2 Remlik Floor Oller
Remlik Wax of] 3

 

 

one No.1 or one N
with each 5 gallons

    
 
  
  

10 Gals.

$5.00, with cage

oller.

 

| One Felt Free with all cuplicate orders for @@
With No, 2 oller 5 gals. Bowling Alley Oil, $4.08
Write for circular, EMPIRE OIL O@., 105 & 107

Chambers 4t., New York clty.

CAPSULES

 

   
    

RIPANS TABULES are the eet

pepeia medicine ever made, A hup-
dred millions of therm bave been sold
ina single year, Constipation, heart-

burn, sick headache, dizziness. bad
breath, sore throat and every illness
areing from a disordered stomach
are relieved or cured by Ripane Tab-
ules. One will generally give reliet
within twenty minutes, The fve-cent packave isenonge
ter an ry occamon, All druggiste sel. toeus

It has ‘happened two or three times within.*, by

came into this State, announced that they ,

  
    
  
   
  

=