oe

Art's juission, it has been said, is to enter-
tain. If that be true then certainly the
Columbia ‘varsity show of 1904, given last
the Carnegie Lyceum, must be

 

week al

 
  
  

Qo,
”

A PAGE FROM A SKETCH ROOK.

catalogued under the heading of art, in-
stead of under a query, as the cynic might
suppose. For surely if laughter is a cri-

“MY FATHER'S AWFULLY RICH, I DON'T CAR

HAPPY IS THE FOREST RANGE

A LONELY LIFE IN THE WOODS
"HAT PLEASES MANY MEN,

 

 

One of Them a Yale Graduate Whose
Health Falled In His Law Ofice—Work
of the Rangers—-A Government Calling

That tk Attracting Educated) Men.

Interesting is the life of the Government
forest rangers in the reservations of Cali-
fornia and elsewhere in the Far West.
Many of these men are graduates of Eastern
colleges, and eventually allof them will have
had a course of training in some school of
forestry connected with @ university.

The rangers live alone in the wilds, often
with no neighbor nearer than ten or fifteen
miles, and with no companionship save that
of their horses. A Yale man who took to
this life because he found his health failing
an Rastern city, where he was practising
law, has become vastly enamored of his
‘work

He

Valley

maintains a permanent camp in a
2,000 feet or so above sea level.
Here he jas a log house, suitable stabling,
4 beautiful bit of meadow half a mile long
pasture, stores of food and
Clothing, a wood burning furnace which
heats his dwelling and cooks his food, and
‘haiever else is necessary for the reason-
alle comfort of a man leading an active
Cutdoor fife.

On the mountain 4,000 or 5,000 feet above
his valley camp, and some hours distant,
he has a comfortable tent and a corral for
his horses, with a few stores of canned food,
flour and meal, He is comfortably clothed
for winter and summer, and armed with
4 big revolver, a shotgun and a rifle.

The ranger keeps three horses. When
he goes from his permanent camp upon his
‘gular tonr of inspection he takes with him
sometimes one horse, sometimes two. He
always keeps one horse at pasture in the
Meadow near the permanent camp.

enclosed as

Se cuvatintleieae

 

‘Ghe Isle of Iilusia’’ as Siven

t the Carnegie Lyceum
OP PLO

 

 

 

(Ce SE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

terion of meril, “The Isle of Lusia”
served all the applause it got.

The author of the libretto, Roi Cooper
Magrue of the class of 03, testified
before the opera began that to his knowle
edge it was the worst thing that he had
ever done or read, and he modestly added
that the opinion of his friends was unani-
mously the same as his own. ‘He was
equally candid when $t came to the ques-
tion of the proceeds,

“The proceeds?” he repeated.

Visions of new libraries, monuments to
dead and gone stroke oars, medals of merit
of beaten gold to prize essayists to be paid
for with the proceeds had flitted before
the mind of the questioner

“You see, so far we have never had any
proceeds,” he went on. “We always man-
age to run in debt from $500 to $1,000. Last
year we had an indebtedness when we got
through of $1,100. I was manager then
and faced that situation.”

“But wasn't it easy to pay up the old
score and run up @ new one in its stead?”

“No, bécause I had been told by the faculty
that unless we started clear we would have
to give up these annual plays;and I wanted
to write the score for the next,so it was up
to me to get the debt cleared, I did it.”

There was just a gentle hint of Mr. Ma-
grue’s tragic death, as he spoke, in his dark
eyes and domelike brow. His tragic death
took place just one hour after. It was
accomplished by means of the shattering
of a paper bag ‘filled with air over the re-
gion of his heart.

The bag was used in lieu of a pistol.
The sound was as emphatic and ite effect
instantaneous. There seems no reason why
managers in the future should ‘not use
this means of extermination to save the
nerves of their feminine spectators. It is
much leas horrifying than the old method,
and Mr. Magrue confessed, with the gentle
candor of the Columbia graduate, that he
had not copyrighted its use.

“The Isle of Ilusia” was undoubtedly

de-

 

E WHAT HE SPENDS."

 

In summer he passes much of his time
on the mountain, returning usually to his
tent at night, but not infrequently sleeping
out. When he sleeps in his tent’he keeps
his horses at night in the corral.

When he sleeps out he seldom dares to
picket his horses lest they be attacked by
mountain lions, and _killed or injured.
Sometimes he thinks it safe to picket a
horse Close to his own sleeping place, for
if anything disturbs the creature the ranger
will be aroused and can drive off the in-
truder by firing his big revolver.

He has drilled his horses to manage
themselves perfectly when picketed, This
was a delicate task, for a horse is likely
to get tangled in the picket line and then to
throw himself and receive injury.

The drill consisted in repeatedly letting
the horse grave at the end of the picket
line, permitting him to get tangled and to
throw himself in the effort to kick loose,
After a time a horse of ordinary intelligence
learns that if he will kick with the entangled
foot only he can get loose without a fall,
This onee Jearned, the horse may with
safety be picketed when the mountain
lions are not likely to be abroad.

lt is the duty of the ranger to follow up
camping parties and to see that they leave
no dangerous embers at their camping
places, to put out forest fires, and to see
that catthemen do not put too many cattle
or sheép on a given area.

The effect ef overstocking the rances
is to kill the grass, and prevent the storage
of moisture on the highlands for the feed-
ing of streams. The result is that irri-
gated lowlands are deprived of water.

The rangers are also more and more study-
ing the botanical condition and aptitudes
of their ranges.

This particular ranger occasionally rides
nearly 160 miles in three days. This, he
ordinarily accomplishes with two horses,
one a pack horse, the other under the saddle.
If need be he transfers the pack to the
saddie horse, and the saddle to the pack
horse. ;

J
|
|
|

 

 

named with some reference to the plot,

but what that plot was is not easy to say. |

Once in a while you felt that something
was going to focus about a real situation,
but nothing ever did; that illusion was
perfect

So also was the illusion of the undere
graduate's figure. If they did nothing else,
the Columbia boys proved that figures do

lie. It is safe to conelude, after seeing
the chorus, that the men who, the week
before, insisted upon breaking into the

sacred precincts of the dressmakers' con-
vention during the corset hours were really
Columbia chorus men seeking clinical in-

struction as to the how and why of silk ;
lacings and bouffant effects.
Wherever they acquired the technique,

 

MRS. CLYDE PINERO.

When he returns to the permanent camp
after such an expedition the horse left
behind at pasture scents his coming afar
and races like mad to welcome the re-
turning man and horses. The lonely beast
is so delighted to have companionship
again that he thrusts his head over the
enclosure and affectionately rubs his nose
against his master’s shoulder.

By way of relief from the loneliness of
this life the ranger has his occasional meet-
ings with camping parties in the reserva-
tion, his contact from time to time with
fellow rangers Whom he meets in the
course of duty, und his visits at rather long
intervals to the homes of settlers.

His nearest settled neighbor is sixteen
miles away,and of this neighbor he obtains
the chief luxury ef his lonely larder—fresh
eggs. He sometimes rides the whole six-
teen miles softly because he carries a dozen
eggs packed ii a nosebag full of bran,

If the trail happens to be in a particularly
rough condition, or the horse to be trouble-
some, the ranger arrives at his permanent
camp with only three or four whole eggs
out of his dezen, and the horse has cold
omelet and bran for supper.

The life of the forest ranger is full of
adventure and interest. Sometimes he
must rally all the men he can call together
to fight a forest fire; sometimes he must ar-
rest intruders who violate the game laws
or the forest laws. Occasionally he must
defénd himself or his horse against wild
prowling beasts.

His pay ts not large; but the forestry force
is becoming more and more important
and the trained and edueated man whd
begins at the bottem has a chance to work
up to a supervisiorship, a well paid and
important post, and eventually to reach
even higher pay and honors.

 

Vegetable Growing in This Country.
From Country LAfe in America.

Market gardening scems to have Increased about
100 per cent. In the North and fully 200 per cent, in
the South during the ten years preceding the last
census. The year before the census there were
5,750,000 acres planted In vegetables which had a
total value of nearly $240,000,000,

thik SUN, SUNDAY, MAKCLI

 

 

 

 

FRIEND IN THE AUDIENCE,

 

 

 

| the result left no weak poifit for criticism. |
The summer girl could get suggestious for

| use, Perhaps she did. She was there in
great numbers, in light opera cloaks, in
big picture hats and in chiffon gowns,

She pointed out one acquaintance and
another in the chorus who could not
concealed from her knowing eve even by
the intricacies of a college boy's make-up
It is a fact, too, that she responded to the
flagrant flirting of the chorus,

The Columbia chorus man has not spent
the leisure hours of his university days
} for nothing. The gentle art of flirting as
| outlined in this opera and expressed by
; him will prove conclusively to the parent
i who protests that the four years of a col-

lege course are given up entirely to athletics

that they really are not; some of them are
| given to flirting—else why such universal
proficiency in the art?
A catchy little song in the opera called
*Flirting,” sung by the, Princesa and Hero--

be

’

   
  

a ee

eee

  
 

i ian
190

4.

  
 

2
o—

     

ase

<

~ cebmessrees

 

  

<a Sererae.. -

 

 

was taken right in and treated like one of
the family.

But to return to the chorus girls. Their

| figures presented a vast field for interro-
! vation which has bean answered partly by

an abatomist who sat in a chair near THE
SUN representative and remarked that by
careful study of the flesh and bone of both
sexes it had been found that nature really

made the tman-to be laced and not the

| Wolnat.

Williams Herbert Adams and Joseph Stet- |

tenheim Buhler-—puts this belief into a few
stanzas, of which the refrain:

Miirting, flrtine,

It's an awfull¥ stmple gate
And the ones who do It

Get a simply awful nae

appealed to the chaperons mightily, and
they nodded their appreciation of the sen-
timent. F

So alsw did the Barnard girls, who were
there in quiet gowns so a8 not to make
their presence too conspicuous. The an-
tagonism which seers to exist between
the two colleges was not charmed away
by the lyrical sonnets. In the Barnard
maidens’ eyes could be read the belief that
if they stooped to folly they would make
much better men than the Columbia menu

Theatrical managers who complain of
the lack of interest on the part of their
audiences might take a hint from the Colum-
bia boys. No system of fining apparently
existed. No chorus girl faced starvation
in one of the Harlem flats, described in the
opera as having steam heated janitors ,
for allowing her smiles to wander.

The feeling between audience and player
was no doubt kept warm and alive by these
pronounced smiles and nods, and even
when one of the singers forgot his lines

did girls, And that is saying a great deal,

for the chorus maidens were convincing

in their boleros, sashes and chiffon |
skirta.

EE

He proved his theory by furnishing a |

BALLELt DANCE KY PHILIP MOELLER.

table of contents of the sizes of the mas-
culine waists before and after lacing. A
big six-fuoter weighing nearly 200 pounds,

while he responded toa greeting from a blue | according to this authority, can be brought

hatted girl in one of the nearby seats, no
one resented his temporary defection or
affection, whichever it wes. The audience

 

[FIFTH AVENUE'S ALL DAY SHOW
| ——$—_—_——.
| » PERFORMANCE NOW. 4

‘Twenty Years Age the Avenue Was Dull
Save at Certain Hours—More Fine
iequipages and Smart Folks Than Ever

Swell Sunday Promenade Gone.

“Yes, there have been a good many
changes in this part of Fifth avenue in the
last twenty years,” acknowledged the club
member, “All the same, it's a mighty
interesting old avenue yet. IT don't know
any thoroughfare to beat it, ,

“Given over to business below Forty-
second street? Well, to some extent, yes;
but that doesn’t prevent it from being one
{of the most entertaining promenades and
pores in the world, just the same. On

 

the whole a club window facing on the
; avenue is a much more interesting’ place
{ to sit in now than it was twenty years ago.
Let me tell you why.
|} “Twenty years ago we had no automobiles,
! no fancy steam carriages whisking up and
| down, There were practically no shops
on the avenue. Therefore private traps
and pretty wornen were not seen loitering
around of a morning.
“In those days women went shopping,
I suppose, just as much as they do now;
but not nearly so many made the trip in
their own carriages, and those who did
naturally found nothing to stop for along
Fifth avenue. Compared with what it is
now, Fifth avenue twenty years ago, up
to 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when folks
began to drive out, was dull—very dull.
“No one can call it dull now. From 10
to 1 o'clock between Twenty-third and
Forty-second streete private carriages
before shop doors are as-thick as peas in
a pod, and the most fashionable women in
town are seen on the sidewalks, popping

 

 

ITS DISPLAY IS A CONTINUOUS | but nevertheless there they are.
years ago they were not there at all at that
| time of day.

| ing.

|

  

 

down to an eleven-inch waist and suffer no
particular inconvenience if the string will
hold, while a woman has to be satisfied

ping to chat with acquaintances. To be
sure, these smart carriages are squeezed
in sometimes between trucks and drays,
Twenty

“And strange to say, considering how
many of the swells have moved uptown,
the afternoon! display of imposing car-
riages, coactimen and footmen is astonish-
It grows every year. I can't quite
account, for it myself. I do know, though,
that any one who tries lo cross Fifth avenue
say between 4 and 6 o'clock any pleasant
afternoon in the neighborhood I am speak-
ing of almost takes his life in his hands
unless piloted by a policeman.

“And it’s not trucks that are to be blamed
for it, either. Not by a long sight. t's
private carriages and automobiles by the
hundreds tearing along al a good spanking
clip that one has to dodge. Now, accord-
ing to natural sequences few, if any, of the
fashionables who live near Central Park
and go driving in the Park ought to be seen
below Forty-second street in the afternoon,
and yet they are

“So far as Ll can age, the move up towh
has nct made the slightest difference in the
number of smart equipages down this way,
not only late in the day, but all day long.
And one thing is certain, never before
were there 60 many really splendid turnovta
and high steppers on view in New York
and on Fifth avenue as right now.

“Ah, -you must get the women to explain
what brings them so far down Fifth avenue
of an afternoon. Possibly they have calls

to make and ‘other entertainments to go
to—for, of course, all fashionable New York
doesn’t. live above Fifty-ninth street. Not
by a good deal,

“And as a promenade for young people
late in the afternoon Fifth avenue holds
ite own bravely—it more than holds ‘its
own, in fact. It has no rival.

“For the last two years the promenade
of young men and women, of young women
together anc some older ones, too, has

 

 

|
|
|

  

| the circus’s presence in town, or was merely

     
   
    

with a diminution of three or four inches
and:is really uncomfortable at that. ,

Certainly two of the figures on the stage,
at least, seemed to prove this assertion,
First, there. was the show girl,.as portrayed
by Raphael Kuhrer Wupperman in black
gauze and blonde.wig. ‘His ‘agile skittish- |
ness may have been equalled but certainly |
never surpassed by any Broadway chorus
show girl.

And secend, there wal the daneing type-
writer, who really made the hit of the even-
ing. Philip Moeller, who played the part,
was arrayed in u gauzy confection the color |
of ide cream soda when strawberries have
just come to town, and seemed to have
been poured into a silvered bodice which
gave his waist a brittle look. This did not
in any way interfere with the grace of his
motions, whieh combined the delicate in -
soucianee of the professional skirt dancer
with the strenuous agility of a high jumper
on the college team. If you could imagine
a ballet girl having the feminine qualities
of Loie Fuller and the masculine attributes
of Jeffries, you could form some idea of the
star dancer of the “Isle of Illusia.”

The music by Clarence John Penney
| ‘OL and the accompanying lyrics by Roscoo
| Crosby Gaige, '08, were both good in their
i way, catchy and taking. ‘To say that they

were reminiscent would be to make a criti -

cism as old as some of the jokes, which, as
| one of the characters remarked, reminded
| him of the deep snows of 1837. One of
these little songs had a stanza reading: as
follows:

    
   
   
 
 
  
 
     
  

 
 
  
 
   
  

  
     
     
   
   
   
       
       
     
   
 

 
     
     
     
     
   
   
     
   
   
   
     
     
      
 

 

    
   
   
 

Money inakes the mare go,
Mones makes her stop,
Money bullds our churches,
Money bribes our cop;
Money pays the fice bill,
Money pays the rent,
Money imakes a Jady
Mone) inakes a yent:
And If voil'd be a geutlenian
And nota tallor’s dummy,
You've got to take \our coal right of

    
       
   
 

KING NAUGHTY.

Not for him the woman of 30, knowing
and experienced in the ways of the world
and the wiles of her sex. He is atill faithe
ful to the tradition of the past.

He wants voung love—young love whiek
sits on @ moss grown log at the border®

    
     
       
 
      
         
    

      
         
      

 
 
      
    

 

        
 

Ana irusile round: for money of a rippling stream, dressed in pink chife H
Most of the jokes had the elephant for | fon, with curly blond hair and a red rose Ant
in its hand. It must be coy, coyest of the aa
coy. Tt can't be too coy, and for fear tt ay

   

  
 
  
  
  
 
 

     

won't be coy enough Columbia shows it
how in two songs, “And Yet” and “Ho pe
dn.”

Young Love, as depicted by the cok
legian of 1904, looks Jike a French doll,
Hey eyelids dpoop in the style of the dol’
which has a hidden string to them, and she

 
   
       
     
       
       
   
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
    
   
    
 
   
     
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
  
    
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
    

    

THE SHOW QIRIL

   

GETTING’
WORK.

IN SOME FINE

central figure. Whether this was due to
@ political expression, could not be deter-
mined. But they did not seem to be able j
to get even as far as a giraffe. The ele-
phant had the centre of the joke section
of the stage and held it all the evening.

Occasionally a joke would be interpolated
having local significance, as, for instance, |
when the jester asleep in a corner wus |
kicked awake by one of the star perform- |
ers and informed that “it is not a psychology |
lesson.” This brought forth rounds of |
applause from the collegiate part of the
audience.

Also, when Adams remarked that his
father had plenty of money and “I don't
eare how much he spends,” there was syme- I
pathetic appreciation, |

Two charactérs in the opera who seemed }
to have little reason for being: were The |
|
|

 

 

is clinging, Uncpitical and so feminine tm
the old fashioned way of the term thas
you simply can't believe that Miss Modesty
is not of the sex she purports to be, judging
from her gown, until she speaks.

The voice of the Princess, of Young Love,
did not muaich the blond exterior. Te
was of (he brunette type and seemed to be
wheeled in front of her on a barrow. I¢
was deep chested, full and resonant, and
sounded like the angry bass of a country

Missing Link, who chummed most har-
moniously with his college mates, and a
supposed representation of Clyde Fitch,
the playwright, who spent most of his
time opening his mouth without saving
anything and adjusting a monocie.

The comic opera of the Columbia students
may be considered to,vepresent the col-

 

 

lege boy’s view of life choir, The incongruity of Young Love
It is pleasing in a way with that point | with the voice of a steam siren was
for cTitical review to learn that the Colum- ! not the least attractive feature of the
bia boy’s idea of love has not changed. | show j

a rr
aetna

 

been fine. Especially is this true of Satur- | the avenue. And I believe there are ¥
day afternoons after the matinées are out, few even of those who walk to ‘chu
"So far thefe is ro thoroughfare in New | that care to go out of their way to walk
York which has cut Fifth avenue out in | on Fifth avenue. At any rate, the church
this respect, and I doubt if there will soon |] crowd seems to disappear in about half
be a change. Fifth avenue is really | an hour
crowded with pedestrians every after- “One thing I do regret is the passing of
noon, and for the most part they are quite | the Easter parade. Yes, there is a great
in the swim. In this respect it beats the | change there. The avenue is practicall
old days.” fiver over now on Easter, except at chure!
“How about the Fifth avenue Sunday lt me, to sightseers.
parade which used to be a feature of the “The well known women seem to be im
town?” the clubrman was asked. hiding. @nd those who are visible see
“What has become of the oldtfashioned | to plan to wear their plainest clothes. F

Sunday?” he asked in turn. “We still | call it very shabby of them, Some of us
have # Sunday parade there, but the | old fellows used to enjoy a club window

very much Easter Sunday afternoon. We
do yet, but for different reasons,

“No, | hardiy think the Sunday Fifth
avenue parade as we used to know it will
ever come back again, There's no tellings
though. Fashion's a queer old dame.”

character of it, I grant, has changed a lot. |
Fashionable women, particularly the ma- |
trons,no longer promenade Fifth avenue
on Sunday afternoon,

*But neither do they promenade any
other street. The steady stream of people
which moves up and down Fifth avenue ;

i
of a fine Sunday afternoon is now made |
}
|
|
{

 

fine j GESTICULATION IN) FASHION,
up principally of strangers in town and a

part of the population which has little | Bat It Must Be Dene Correctly or the
tne for exercise on any other day. Effect is Disastrous.

In the old days some of the most ex-
clusive women in New York werenotabove | Gesticulation is the fashion now. Woman

taking a stroll on Sunday afternoon with
their husband or friends. The change
came about, I believe, simply because it is
the custom now for the fashionable woman
to be at home Sunday afternoons to receive |
her men friends, |

“Tt is about the only time, in fact, when
she is at home, or at least when a man can
find herin. Whatever the men may do, itis |
quite certain that these days smart women |
neither drive out nor promenade the streets
Sunday afternoons. But for that matter
I never remember a time when it was con-
sidered quite good form for them to drive
then,

“On the contrary many of the wealthy
families twenty years ago refused to take
out their horses at all on Sunday; and, come
to think of it, that’s another -reason why
the personnel of even the Sunday morning

ade at church going and leaving, time
}

must gesticulate to be in the swim, But
she must do it in a correct manner,

It is said that the most fashionable people
| have taken to making gestures, and there-
fore, of course, all womanlifnd must paw
the air, so to speak

In England many gestures are thought
to be undignified, but not so here. There
is no denying the fact that they heighten
the effect of conversation, if well dona,

Just any and’ every sticking about of
the hands or motion of the head and spoul-
ders will not do, declare the teachers of
gesticulation, and they are pretty thiek
nowadays, Gestures are like the alphabet,
they form a language of their own,

These teachers say that
is leas impressive than it once waa. owa- | gestures are innate in the human being,
days it’s the rule rather than the exception ! like a terrible thiret or any other old thing,

for rich New Yorkers to drive to and from | and that they merely have to be brought
church. out and perfected ty those who have

‘ } ;

7" verybody knows, all the ular | made a deep study of the subject
chniahien ae eieinded about Sonn vith Gestioulation, in its highest form, must
privaté conveyances, which means a corre- | Convey to & person out of earaho’ a general
sponding thinning out of the ranks of well

understanding of a conversation thet ie
known women who foot it up and down | being carried on,

furthermore