rar

fe + rn a pe a me

aemeSee wien Se reaee meee rte eer

 

  
 

ee ee 4 to EB m2

A133. B-

RE dr NLD Bb re

  

¥

em eee ears

 

ee aera

ty

  

Fashion Still Tinkering Wom-
an’s Dress.

WOULD REVEAL THE BUST LINES,

And Do Away with the Shapeless-
ness of Presemt Modes.

 

 

Proposed Changes Shown inthe New Spring
Models From Parts—It Is Also Planned
to Reduce the Size of the Sleeve—Bolero
Still Reigns—Queer Ornaments of
Gowns—Brown in New Shades Very
Fashionable—The Taffeta Frock With
Freshly Invented Trimmings—Beauties

of Frocks Made Up in White Cloth,
A casual glance at the morning mail
of a fashionable New York woman this

month suggests a wide epistolary associa-
tion with the aristocracy and, indeed, with
the nobility. Imposing envelopes orna-
mented with handsome monograms or
heraldio devices are as plentiful as black-
berries in July and are calculated to give
tone to any breakfast table. But, as a
matter of fact, the impressive markings
are only the trademarks of milliners, dress-

Not all the Paquin models are of this | resents models not, like many of the im-

 

 

type, but the ideas are in evidence, and
women who aim not merely at being up
to date but at being well ahead of the date,
are paying serious attention to these straws
which hint at a change in the current.
Rumors of a very definite modification

 

in the present exaggerated sleeve are per-
sistent, and much is said about the push-
ing of Directoire modes as a change from
the 1830 and Louis adaptations; but these
things are in the future, and the woman
who {is oontent to be abreast of the well

 

makers and their peers, and the flood of
correspondence means only the season of
epring openings.

A majority of the spring models are
really for exhibition and, though there
will be later developments and some of the
experimental modes will be rejected by the
ultra fastidious when the summer season
is fairly under way, the frocks and coats
and hats displayed now come with high
authority to back them and indicate very
cleafly the general lines of the season's
fashions,

To be sure, a number of the models de-
fine the modes of next year rather than the
popular ideas ofthis year. Certain Parisian

 

dressmakers always lead the way,
alvays dropping a fashion just as the
main body of the fashionable world is
taking it up.

There is Paquin, for example. Two
Years ago he was insisting upon the full
ekirts which gre triumphant now; and,
though he still gives approval to the full
ekirt, his spring models point out possibili-
ties of radical changes in bodice lines.

While all the modish world is going in
for loose swaying bodices, berthes, pelerines,
huge draped sleeves and general shapeless-
ness above a clinging shapely girdle, Pa-
quin is showing close fitting coats with
revers, Closely draped bodices revealing
the lines-ef the bust, and sleeves that are
graceful vet close enough from shoulder
to elbow to outline the arm, though at
tie elbow they may break into frills,

dressed majority and has no desire to set
the fashion may wear her voluminous
sleeves and bodice draperies serenely
through the coming summer.

The street frocks in wool or silk are, for
the most part, distinctly coquettish, al-
though there are of course some severely
plain tailor frocks.

Among the three piece costumes the
bolero reigns despite the fact that Paquin
has grown cold toward it. There are long
coats, three-quarter coats, short basque
or fitted coats; but the bolero is repeated
over and over, and the variations upon it
are legion.

It may be loose or fitted, short or long,
ornate gr severe. It may be of the same
material as the skirt or of different material
in the same color. Frequently it is 50 cut
in connection with flowing sleeves that it
takes on the guise of a cape or pelerine;
but again, one finds it in military trigness,
smart with braiding and buttons, defining
the figure and moderate in sleeve lines.

Capes and pelerines are often substituted

' —_
Sj

WY

AN
MAY \\S
8

   

  

for the bolerq in a three piece costume,
but this occurs more frequently in frocks
of a somewhat dressy class than in the simple
street frock, Where the cape effect is
introduced upon the latter it is usually
accomplished by some arrangement of
sleeve, yoke or bodice trimming.

The group of gowns in the large cut
illustrates clearly some of the most.popular
methods of adapting the cape idea to the
Street costumes, and at the same time rep-

ee te ee mee tr em vt

"
pe (es

ae P

‘hago

portations, too complicated in cut and de-
sign to be reproduced by an ordinary tailor
or dressmaker.

One frock is made with the genuine
pelerine cut, running in a V to the girdle
in the back, finishing in two points in front
and with capes over the shoulders. A
fancy braid shot through with gold borders,
the points and rosettes of. velvet; are set at
the back of the girdle and on each side of
the fronts.

Flat rosettes called maccarons or cocardes
are having much vogue this spring. They
are made of velvet, silk or satin doubled
and quilled flatly if snail shell fashion
around a large button centre covered with
the material or made of ‘tipy soutache
braid.

Flat rosettes of valenciennes lace chiffon
or mousseline frilled in several rows around

a button centre covered with plain silk

embroidered or hand painted, or around
a button shaped centre made of closely
shirred silk, are very charming upon dainty
light frocks. Instead of being painted
or embroidered, the centres for these lace
maccarons may be covered with some
of the exquisitely flowered silks, found
at their best in the new ribbons,

Flat, round ornaments of braid are also
much used, and are made by running fine
soutache round and round upon a founda-
tion, A variation is made by choosing

a braid slightly wider, finer and with a
thread of gold or contrasting color at its
edges and sewing it round and round in
the same snail shell fashion, but not flat.
That is, the braid is set on its edge, making
deep

a rather ornament of  flowerlike

effect.

 

But, to return to the sketches, from which
a mention of flat rosettes sent us wander-
ing, a frock in ecaille taffeta shows the ty pi-
cal cape bolero, its flowing sleeves reach-
ing to the depth of the bolero and slit up
the outside over undersleeves of lace,
The bolero proper falls loosely from the
shoulders in Chinese fashion and ia trimmed

 

with maccarons of valenciennes dyed to @
brown a shade lighter than the silk.

A bodice of the silk has a V-shaped yoke

a in with pointed bands of lace and
silk.
_ Ecaille, which translated means shell,
is the general name given to a new gamut
of browns which includes all the tortoise.
shell shades, There seems no doubt that
browns are to be greatly liked throughout
the summer, but care must be exercised
to choose a shade not too yellow, for the
yellow browns are undeniably far from
being suggestive of coolness:

Milliners are departing from tradition
and combining pink with many of the

e110

 

|

, < : 2

SUN, StNPAY; MAU ZU,

 

‘1904.

darker browns, and the old-fashioned wall | round décolletage well off the shoulder,

flower which has sprung into tremendous
vogue in Paris trims the brown hat charm-
ingly.

The cape arrangement of bolero or blouse
is sometimes upon the Capucine order,
and while veritable Capucine hoods appear

 

 

upon some of the fussy taffeta wraps, the
Capucine as a bodice trimming usually
takes some such conventionai form as that
shown in one of the sketches.

Here a costume of cloth has a flat capucine
of heavy filet net appliqué with cloth, over
which falls a narrow cape of silk, just a
trifle lighter in shade than the cloth. Heavy

 

tassels finish the points of both lace and
silk capes.

The kimono bolero, with fronts crossing
slightly like the fronts of a kimono sacque,
is comparatively new, although kimono
lines for longer coais are an old story.
The crossing fronts in one form or another
are a dist nct feature of the season's modes,
and the surplice is firmly reinstated, though
the deep round yoke and berthe still have
their place and are more becoming to certain
figures than the surplice lines and the capes,

‘ ;

 

pelerines and fichus, to which these lines
naturally lead.

Many of the berthes upon the summer
frocks reach almost to the waist, but nothing
a allowed to interfere with the clinging
closeness that emphasizes the long shoulder
line.

A style of berthe that appears to be

or below a deep yoke giving this same effect.
The berthe falls very deep over the arm,
but runs up to a depth of a few inches or
quite to the décolletage line in front. In
the back it may slope up slightly in the
middle or may be round and deep.

With this berthe, the Louis bodice, cut
with a deep point at the bottom and set
with little square Louis -bows made of
loops without ends, is particularly favored.
These bows are set on in ladder fashion,
one above another, up the middle of the
front, and may be all of one size, or grad-
uated from a comparatively large bow at the
bust to a very small one at the bottom of
the bodice.

A rather wide boufilonés clasping the
shoulders closely heads many of these
berthes, but others are set on with a head-
ing frill, a narrow ruching or a band of
heavy lace.

Lace ruches made of narrow valenciennes
and in cream, or dyed to match the frock
material, assert themselves more and
mere, after a temporary eclipse by the all-
conqugring bouilloné:.

The thin, supple ribbons are also much
liked for ruchings, and tulle or net ruchings
are used even upon the silk frocks intended
for morning wear, though they cannot
be recommended as serviceable. One
especially smart- imported frock in black
and white, or rather in white and black taf-
feta, is trimmed in narrow ruches of black
tulle set on in rings.

Tiny bias frills of silk or sheer stuff not
more than an inch or an inch and a half
wide are used & the same manner as the

| narrow ruches and bouillonées, being set on
| in scrolls of all kinds. They head skirt

flounces, border petticoat lines, and trim
berthes and yokes.

Narrow lace insertion is set into sheer
materials in these same arabesques and
scrolls, but requires careful handling if the

H effect is to be dainty. Small bouillonées

put on in interlacing circles are attractive,
and excellent results are obtained by bor-
dering bouillonées on both sidea by narrow
frills of lace.

 

Some times the bouillonée itself has
ting frills outside the cords of its edges
and the lace frills are set underneath these,
but this is a trifle clumsy in any save sheer
materials.

In this season of frills and flounces it is
not astonishing to find pinking coming
back into favor. Pinked ruffles are on
some of the latest taffeta models and pinked
ruches, too, are used,

Narrow ribbon or silk finely plaited’ and
set on flat like the old time knife plaiting,
is among the revivals of old modes, and

gaining favor rapidly is used with @ low | nother trimming for which Parisian

   

   

LADIES HAVIN
or Need

If your halr Is
your appearance on

  

“VENU

WIGS

L.

 

 

makers show a fondness is two inch satin
ribbon fluted and laid flat on the goods,
with both edges caifght down invisibly, 50
that the effect is that of a fluted band trim-
ming. This fluted band, like the ribbon
plaitings and ruchings, trims many of the
dark voiles, ribbon and frock material
being in the same color.

Upon the ubiquitous taffeta frock all of
the trimmings just described have their
innings, and flounces wide and narrow run
riot. Valeniennes edges are much in de-
mand for the light hued taffetas, and the
beautiful batiste embroideries trim silk
frocks as well as lingerie frocks.

Often a taffeta skirt and one of the frivo-
lous little taffeta coats in vogue are worn
with a dainty blouse of all over batiste
embroidery or of batiste trimmed in the
embroidery and made beautiful by hand-
work; or perhaps the blouse of/the cos-
tume is of some light lace, such as Chantilly,
dyed to match the silk, but relieved near
the throat with white or cream,

A costume of this description was
sketched {er one of the small cuts, the
material being a lilac taffeta. A shallow
hip yoke holds the fulness of the skirt at
the top and the skirt bottom has seven
narrow straight ruffles headed by a wide
waving bouilon e.

The coat falls full and loose from a
bouillonée which encircles the shoulders
below a lace yoke. A narrow stole is
edged with lace and lace frills show at all
the edges of the coat.

Mesgealine, a new silk, is meeting with re-
markable success, and is being pressed into
service for everything from shirt waist
frocks to the most elaborate of evening
gowns. It is exquisite in quality, soft as
erépe de chine, yet with a4 more substan-
tial body.

The surface has a slightly satiny lustre,
and the grace and suppleness of the texture
make this silk an ideal material for the
puffings, shirrings, ruchings, flouncings,
&c., that pervade the season's modes.
It has almost altogether superseded louis-
ine, is a close rival of taffeta, and in evening
colora has shown signs of elvowing Liberty
satin, and even the favorite crépe aside.

In certain shades of brown, tnessaline
makesa most delightful street frock,and the
brown shirt waist costumes which have
little of the shirtwaist severity about them,
will doubtless be worn a great deal during
the summer.

The blue and white, green and white,
and white and black soft finish taffetas
are, however, the material most ca
for the silk shirt waist frock, and a great
many women rerhain loyal to the foulard,
which, though not so modish as it onée ‘was,
is shown in charming colorings and designs |
and has a softness and grace which are !
lacking in even the softest of taffetas. i

Warp woven shadow effects are features |
of the new foulards and dots of all}
sizes enter into the designs. Among the |
fancy taffetas the small checks have first |
place, but dots are often sprinkled over |
the checked surface, and among the novel-

 

ties are white and black and white and
blue taffetas, which have tiny dots scattered
over a hairline check on a white ground,
with a moiré finish.

Piping or the narrowest of soutache
braid |trims the silk shirt waist frock
that is not more elaborately trimmed with | j
batiste embroidery or lace, and scalloped

y getting one of our

“EMPIRE” POMPADOURS,

“LENOX” TRANSFORMATIONS,
“MARIE ANTOINETTE" WAVY KNOTS,

Hair Dressing, Manicuring, Scalp Treatment, Hafr Coloring
AND TOUPEES

54 W. 14th St., near 6th Ave., New York,

SS

   

G THIN HAIR
No Longer Worry.

too scant to arrange prettlly
that account. ‘The deficlency la

    

do not sacrifyor

easily remed)«

     
    

S DE MILO” WIGS.

   
 
    

FOR GENTLEMEN,

SHAW,

       

   

For the quick preparation of a delictons
drink, for making Chocolate Icing or for
flavoring Ice Cream, Lowney’s “Always Ready"
Sweet Chocolate Powder has no equal. The
fall chocolate quality and properties are pres-
ent, unadulterated and unimpaired.

 

—OXZYN BALM
BEAUTIFIES COMPLEXIONS.
20 YEARS THE BEST

For the past twenty years Oxzyu Balm has been
the best and most successful complexion prepara
. tion on the market. This

is admitted by pbhysiclans
and beauty experts every
ave found \t removes all
pimples, blackheads, en-

where. It has stood the
—_—
ow :
larged pores, freckles,
2 the skin soft, smooth and
As \ts merits have bee

lest of time.
wrinkles, etc., and makes
beautiful.
come better known, Oxzyy
Balm n
Its sale

than ever before.

has increased 1
It has outlived competitors, be-
cause it actually

 

For twenty
years women (and men)

ls now. greate

popularity year after year.
removes faclat blemishes and

®eautifies complexions, while other preparations
claim to do this, but fall
! by department stores and druggists, or we send It,

Oxzyn Halm ts for sale
stage paid, on receipt of the price, 25¢., Bie. and

1.00 a jar.
Try \t to-day. We will refund your money ff ft

{s not perfectly satisfactory.
OXZYN CHEMICAL CO., 878 Broadway, New Yor«.

 

ted by a broken nose |
—but it would have |

| sadly handicapped him.

| Don’t let some misfortune
| of birth or accident handicap
| YOU,

Facial Deformities can be made ,
NATURAL without pain or worry by
Woodbury methods,

} ‘*Woodbury Methods’’ mean know!-

| edge, skill, appliances and thirty-four

| Years of experience.

| If you are annoyed or embarrassed by
the touowlug or any other blemishes, tet

| meteli you PRIEE bow to be rid vl therm

| tirthmarks ars that Project

| lattoo Marks liars that Lop Over

| Howder Marks Hare Lip:

Leyes that Squint Noses Humped
Pully, Baggy Lids Crooked or Fiat
Crows beet road or Narrow

22 W. 27d St., New York »)

J. ¥é. Woodbury D.I. 8
| ee

 

 

 

material and are worn with sheer blonses
of batiste or mulle matching the shantung

n tint,
The heavy white linens are made up in

edges piped in white give cachet to some | much the same fashion, and very often
of the models, wit’ ~ lace trimmed linen coat and shirt,

A large dot embroidered in the centre | an entire blouse of the lace strapped! in
of each scallop adds a touch of individu- | linen is worn,-or possibly skirt and blow-e
ality at the cost of a very small amount | are of lace trimmed linen and the loose

of work, Another kimple
broidery that adds to the
some of the new models is a line of very
large French knots holding plaits in place
wherever it is necessary that the plaits
should be stayed. I
For example, a white wool frock has a | 1
shallow plaited hip yoke, and instead of ]
being stitched these plaits are held in | ¢
place by heavy silk French knots in light
blue, set quite close together. The knots | }
appear again in the bolero yoke and sleeves

note of em-
attractions of

short coat is of
with linen.

the heavy lace trimmed

Of course there are simple tub frocis

of linen, made with coat and skirt or in
shirtwaist

suit styles; and the linen (ta-
nine, which has a linen crispness and freshi-
less, yet falls more gracefully and musses
ess readily than the smooth surface of
prash linens, is a great favorite. It is

offered not only in white, but in all the cool,

ight shades.

While the heavy linen laces are popular

    

White cloth, white serge, white mohair,
white canvas, white voile—all these white
woollens are fashionable, and few white
woollen materials combine beauty and
service so successfully as the voiles and
canyasses. They do not soil so readily as
the old favorites, cloth and serge; they
wear well, and they are softer and more
graceful than white mohair, which adapts
itself only to severe styles and needs care-
ful tailoring.

White shantung is exceedingly modish,
but is hard to find, and women console
themseWes with tbe natural and biscuit
shades of this coarse, attractive material,
Coat and skirt suits trimmed with heavy
lace or embroidery are the rule in this

 

7 Expert
Repairs

 

Singer Stores ts
Every City

 

for use upon the linen stuffs and heavy
filets and guipures enter into the trimming
of some of the woollen frocks, the finer
laces are undeniably having things very
much their own way. Wide valenciennes
flouncing and frills are used as they havea
never been within the memory of this
generation

Alencon is first favorite for appliqué and
flat effects, Mechlin is the first choice for
frills on silk and wool and everything save
lingerie materials, and Chantilly is called
upon for all round service

All of these laces are wonderfully im-
tated to-day, and while more real lace is
sold and used than in any season within
many years the fine imitations are beau-
tiful enough for all practical purposes and
satisfy many women who could well afford
to wear the real article

  

Sewing-Machine

Also sewing-machine oil of absolute purity and
the best NEEDLES and PARTS for all -
machines at Singer Stores.

See Singer Store

in YOUR Clay