t

iv Bf

SL peated

a

 

og FRIVOLOUS LITTLE COAT,

USELESS WRAPS WHIOH ARE A
voY TO WOMEN.

 

 

petite Vetement of Paris a Distinctly
Important Feature of the New Modes
Made in Many Forms of Taffeta
—jIt Adds to the Costume’s Coquetry.

The

The petite rétement of Paris, which for
+ of ao better phrase we must call the

WAT! wine ¢
little wrap, isa distinctly important feature
of the now modes,

There are coats and coats—long, short,
of middle I ngth, loose, tight fitting, simple
or elaborate; but the little wrap is a thing
apar'

It may add to the warmth of @ costume,

 

but its primary mission is to add to the
coquetry of the costume. Utility, if it
exists, is likely to be incidental. .

The coming in of 1830 modes started
the little wrap upon a triumphant career.
The pelerine, the cape, the shawl, the scarf,
are all in evidence and women are making
heroic efforts to learn to wear them with
grace; but it is of the little taffeta coat, the
taffeta pelerine, the short taffeta mantle,
do\man shaped, that one thinks if the petite
ré/cment ia mentioned,

These little wraps of taffeta may be in-
tended for separate or general use, but
more often they are an integral part of some
one costume. A skirt and bodice of sheer
voile in pale pink mauve will, perhaps,

 

be accompanied by @ frivolous little coat
exactly matching in it color, and frilled,
Tuched, pinked, trimmed with bouillonées,
lace--what one will.

Or possibly there is a sheer floating gown
of peach pink mousseline, and for com-
panion it has a taffeta pelerine cape in the
same shade edged with plissé frills of the
taffeta and knotted at the waist in front
In fichu fashion,

More sober and serviceable is the black

 

taffeta coat, short, loose, full, trimmed
in black chantilly insertion, through which
4 full white chiffon lining shows, and light-
ened by frills of creamy lace under the
edges of coat bottom, fronts and sleeves.

For wear with a cornflower blue voile
18 a loose little cape bolero of blue taffeta
worked in eyelet embroidery. Bouillonnées
rin around its edges and it is laced up the
front with soft silk scarfs run through
large embroidered eyelets.

A short mantle belonging to a frock of
bale gray taffeta is made with the old

 

avr eee

| tailor made

aT Ne

fashioned dolman sleeves and trimmed in a

woalth of full pinked frills.

One little coat of light blue taffeta had
a trimming of these same pinked frills
with corded beadings and opened to show
a lining of daintily flowered mouéseline
with pink roses on a white ground.

The wrap belonged to a summer frock

 
 
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  

of the flowered mousseline and was worn
with a big hat of shirred mousseline trimmed
in pink roses and soft knots of pale blue

liberty satin. 4

Scarfs of lace lined with taffeta and
ruched or frilled taffeta, scarfs made en-
tirely of bouillonnées and frillings in mous-

 

seline chiffon on gauze, scarfs of chiffon
velvet on which tiny silk ruches trace scroll
designs, scarfs—but it is hopeless to attempt
to Anaorioe the scarfs or the little wra
within limited space. One needs ample
space and a liberal supply of adjectives
to do the subject justice.

PLAIN LINEN COLLARS AGAIN.

A Fashion With Many Advantages, Though
Some Women Decry It.

The plain linen collar is coming to the
fore again. When worn tight enough to
be chic it does make woman's supposed-
to-be-fair neck yellow. There's no denying

 

 

 

that. And very stout women deny that it
is stylish. But it is here, and those who
should know say it is here to stay. f
The linen collar and the wash stock with
its attachment of string tie or Ascot, are
the only forms of neck gear really suited
to the tailor made shirt waist. One of the
ubiquitous lace stocks, with its embroid-
ered or button trimmed tail pieces, looks
with such a waist, and above

is the watchword of
the woman who would always appear
perfectly dressed. :
The ethical effect of the linen collar or the
lain stock of cotton cheviot or linen is not
be sniffed at. A woman simply cannot
wear either twice. Her sense of neatness
revolts at donning a collar with even the
faintest suspicion of a dark line about it.
But, in al confidence, she will wear one
of these little floppy lawn or lace neck
nieces—dressy they call them—a dozen

mes.
To dress the neck with exquisite neatness,
becomingness and appropriateness is a
whole art by itself. ‘The really up-to-date
irl would scorn the idea of

out of keepin
all things suitability

buying her linen collars in an ordinary
store. She tronizes the swell haber-
dashers on Tafth avenue or Broadway,

where she obtains the very newest things
in a youth's collar.

' f
a aS kelnenveteaneeo nnn aa Pet eer te aT
Bie se a Cae ie do -
{ ;

‘| a pink silk bag that she extracted from a

  

THE TOWN GIRL TAKING A REST,

A DAY IN THE PINES AWAY FROM
THE MAD CITY RUSH.

 

 

it Begins at 6 A. M. With a Horseback
Ride and Includes Golf, Long Walks,
Calling, Driving, Bridge, Much Drees-
ing and Conversations on Human Ills.

“I’ve come down here for a good rest,”
said the girl at the resort in the pines, as
she dabbed a little powder on her nose from

silver. case on her chatelaine, “and tt is
perfectly lovely to get away from the rush
in town to a dear, quiet old place like this,
where everything is so still and lovely.
“When I first came here it seemed strange

 

to get up so early, for of course when there
is nothing to do one might as well get up
early. It°is different in the city. There
one has to take all the rest possible morn-
ings, but here I am ready for a gallop at |
6A. M.

“The air is really delightful then and you

Smeet all sorts of nice men riding about |

without their hats. It is really quite ex- |
citing and I wouldn’t miss my morning }
ride for anything in the world. Down |
here we can go out alone and no one thinks
anything of it. }
“After an early breakfast and the mail |
and the papers and the letters—why it’s |
time for golf. That is about 10 o'clock |
and you don’t have to dress again, for when |
you get out of your riding suit you get |
into a golf skirt and a sweater or whatever |
sort of waist you may wear on the links.
“The links down here are really bully
and there is something about the air that |
makes it possible to see the ball and follow |
it better than anywhere else that I have |
ever been. Golf ceases to be hard work }
and becomes a sport down here, and it is !
time for luncheon before you know it. |
“One has to dress for luncheon.
only decent, you know.
“There are so many invalids down here

It’s |

 

that a girl with tousled hair and a wild golf
expression to her clothes would jar people.
So you fix up a little and rush through a
lunch in order to keep your engagement
to drive. It doesn’t do to keep these hired
drivers waiting, for they charge you from

  
 

the time you begin to think you'll go out
for an hour or two.

“You must make a few calls of course
on some of the other people that you know;
and perhaps you may play a game of bridge
and send the man home. Then there is
a walk around the lake before tea; and it's
quite the thing to put on gymnasium shoes
for this walk and hold your elbows out like
a professional athlete.

“It's five miles around:the lake and you

* ar

$ SUNDAY, MARCH

| sides of the stockings.

ee ee ee Pe ree
sit Sta tie) iO Ui aa ag nu aah 8 Bae

     

   

   

   

me
tty
20,

mustn't stop to rest, for it’s not sporteman-
like, and if other girls who are doing the
lake meet you and find you sitting down
they sneer at you.

“So you are quite ready for tea, and after
this you must begin to dress for dinner.
Dinner is really quite important down here.
Everybody is complaining of something or
other, and for that reason, I suppose, they
think it necessary to eat about six times
as much as at home.

“A girl who is down here for brain fag
and who sites at the table next to mine
takes little gray powders before each meal
and has three kinds of dessert. All the
time she eats her pudding or {ve cream, or
whatever it may be, she has that frightfully
worried look that intellectual people always
have, you know. i

“Then there is a young man who was
thrown out of his automobile somewhere;
and he has wheat cakes for breakfast,
dinner and supper. It seems that in town
his society duties never allowed him time
to eat wheat cakes, so he is making up for it
down here.

“His arm is in a sling and he limps dread-
fully, but his appetite is all right. He
owned the automobile and has it down
here now, and seems to have no grudge
against it whatever. It is called ‘The
Fiercest Yet.’

“Then there is a sick dog here with a
maid who takes it out in a blanket every
morning. She hides it under the blanket
when she goes out of the hotel, for dogs are
forbidden, youknow. And when she comes
bagk she folds it up somehow and walks
in as though she had ashawl over her arm.

“One day the dog began to bark under
the blanket and the maid acted so strangely
that people edged away from her as though
she had hydrophobia. Every one has
something down here, you know; it’s not
at all smart to be wellat a winter resort.

“After dinner it is quite the thing to sit
around in the corridors and listen to the
band play sacred music. But these sun
parlors and tea rooms and queer little nooks
seem made on purpose for flirtation, and if
you can find one of those interesting men
invalids who are suffering from tobacco
heart or nerves shattered by Wall Street
speculation, it is entirely correct to get
him in a corner somewhere, with a pillow
or two at your back,and tell him that the
hollow round of, society is wearing you out
and that you are longing to get away from
it all.

“In this way you manage to encourage
him to tell you that he has always uptonow
smoked ten cigars a day,but that his doctor
has forbidden him to have more than five,
or perhaps it may be that he is suffering
from eye strain.

“Whatever it may be, it is the thing to be
ill with something and to talk about it and
say how the precing air is helping you
along in spite of the fact that you have to
pay five cents for an evening extra and
pay for the hackmen’s mind waves on the
subject of when they were ordered for and
how long.”

   

TAY UP Re are eee 9! ie

    

     

    

   

FRILLS OF FASHION.
Grannie shawls of embroidered crépe
are to be a part of the summer girl's outfit.

Spanish lace is finding favor once more
and is used both for scarfs and parasols.

The bouillonées, shirring, ruching fagot-
ing, cording, &c., conspicuous throughout all
fashion’s domain are being introduced into
summer parasols with charming results.

All white is first favorite and best for all
around use, but more parasols in the pale
colors are shown than usual and there are
pe eee dainty parasols in white soft

nish taffeta, with full frilled linings of
flowered chiffon or flowered bobbinet.

The up to date girl carries an umbrella

to match her street frock and has a number
of handles, any one of which may be ad-
justed to the one umbrella.

Chiffon sleeve frills in several shadee of

the color used for the frock are more chic
than lace sleeve frills in the wool frocks.

 

 

 

To accommodate the full skirts and do
away with the superfluous number of seams,
manufacturers are turning out all sorts
and descriptions of goods in extra widths.
Some of the new silks are 46 inches wide,
and it is possible to buy embroidered swiss
and other lingerie fabrics in 42-inch widths.

 

Strips of hand embroidered cross stitch
and Bulgarian embroidery on linen etamine
or crash are sold with plain material to
match, One may buy any amount of the
embroidered band and the price is exceed-
ingly reasonable in the large shops.

Cireular chantilly flouncing and circular
batiste embroidery and Swiss embroidery
flouncings are novelties, and are desirable
for deep berthas, collars and pelerines as
well as for flounces.

Ripe apricot, sand color, cavalry, a
beautiful yellow with deep shading, puce,
a brown with a pink mauve tone, and
Rercanent white are new and popular
colors.

was Jast season. The heavy embroideries
are once more giving way to small dainty
embroidered sprays and figures.

Clocks of tiny flowers clamber up the
Little single bunches
of blossoms are set just at the ankle. Inset
lace decorates the instep and runs up to
shoetop height. Tiny embroidered butter-
flies take flight above the.slipper,

Shot silk is the smartest wear for street,
but with the new popularity of tan shoes
all the brown and tan shades in hosiery have
gained vogue.

Tartan straws, which were successful
in Paris last spring, but were not liked
here, are making another bid for favor.

The most exquisite of the new lingerie is
trimmed in the fine embroideries which
are the season's triumph. The new bead-
ings are especially pretty, the ribbons
being run under dainty clusters of flowers,
fleurs de lys, &c., instead of being threaded
in and out of simple slits.

The lace curtains upon the summer picture
hats are eminently artistic and becoming,
{f well handled, but the mode is sure to be
wofully abused.

 

New hat straws are dyed to match all
the latest and most subtle colorings in
silk and wool.

The soft leather ‘belt is evidently to re-
tain the vogue it acquired during the winter,
and is shown in almost all colorings, with
leather covered or metal buckles. Some
of the smartest imported belts of this class
have two-inch elastic set in over the hips
to insure the right clinging curve.

Buttons of suéde overlaid with metal
are one of the choicest novelties. The
leather makes a soft, rich surface back-
ground for the metal, and is chosen to
harmonize with the frock material.

On a brown gown, for example, are
brown suéde buttons with a desi, in
copper, and stunning possibilities lie in
certain large buttons of orange suéde,
overworked with a design in steel.

Suéde or smooth leather buttons simply
an in, metal rims are also among the new
things.

Satin charmeuse is a new satin, even more
supple and soft than the popular Liberty
satin.

The tucker beloved of our grandmothers
ie once more in fashion, and in lace, net or
sheerest lingerie stuff appears inside the
low round décolletage of many of the
newest evening frock models.

 

   
 

 

(904. 0

  
 
   

GIRLS LONCH FREE IN A TOWER.

IT IS THE STANDARD OIL’S TREAT
EVERY DAY IN THE WEEK.

 

 

On the Fifteenth Floor of Its Building tn
Broadway It Prevides Luncheon Dally
for the Fifty Women Employed There
—It Has Been Doing This Since 1882.

Whatever fault is found with the business
methods of the Standard Oil Company,
one thing is sure: the women employees
of the concern, the stenographers and
typewriters, are doing no grumbling. It
is not given to most women employed in
offices to eat their luncheon every day in
the week except Sunday free of cost and
amid an almost rural quiet, so far as street
noises are concerned; and the Standard Oil
employees know it.

“Yes, I think we are pretty lucky,” re-
marked one fluffy-haired young woman,
pausing with her foot on the private stair
which leads to the lunchroom—or rather to
the dining room, situated in the tower of
the Standard Oil building in lower Broad-
way. “To crowd into a public lunch room
in this quarter of the city at noon is any-
thing but a restful experience and one is apt
to get food spilled all over one's clothes.

“And then a good luncheon always costs
considerable money. Now here the luncheon
served to us is really a dinner.

“Yes, very few believe me when I tell
them this. Most people think we get a
dairy lunch or just sandwiches and tea
and coffee and milk. Well, it’s not a bit
like that. We have quite a long menu
every day and no two days is it just the
same.

“For instance,there are two or three
kinds of soup, several kinds of hot meate,
a variety of cold meats, half a dozen differ-
ent vegetables, three or four desserts, be-
sides dairy dishes and tea and coffee. On
certain days in addition to all this there
are several kinds of fish.

“My luncheon to-day? Well, I selected
tomato soup, fricassee of chicken, a baked
potato, celery, stewed peas, and for my
dessert custard pudding and coffee. We
have French bread and the best of butter—
everything in fact is of the best.

“With such a substantial meal in the
middle of the day most of us can get along
with a very light breakfast and a simple
tea. Yes, it’s t,” and she hurried off.

“This plan of giving its womén employees
a free lunch has been followed by the Stand-
ard Oil Company. ever since 1882,” said
the manager of the lunch room. “So eee
see there is nothing new about it. This
company in fact was the very first in New
York to provide a free luncheon for em-
ployees on the premises.

“At that time, of course, there were very
few women employees. Sveone apuere
and t writers were not so fashionable
then. ow the company employs about
fifty women here and all of them get their
luncheon free of cost.

“No, we don’t provide luncheon for the
men employees, Heads of departments
and members of the company may have
luncheon sent to their rooms, but the dining
room is exclusively for the use of women.”

No stranger who steps out of the elevator
at the fifteenth floor of the building imagines
that tucked away in one corner quite ‘by
itself, behind a door which looks just like

of the other doors leading to the different
offices, is a tiled kitchen, and beyond that
an oblong dining room which will seat
comfortably at one time about thirty per-
sons. The meal is served from 12 to 2
o'clock and the girls come in relays to
suit themselves. ch has forty-five min-
utes for luncheon.

One might hunt a good while to find a
more attractive or peaceful spot in which
to eat the midday meal. The room ifs very
high, and on one side is a row of windows
almost as high, shaded with green holland,
from which may be a splendid view
of New York harbor, the Hudson, a good
stretch of the city and a sweep of sky.

The meal is served quietly and without
hurry or bustle by waiters on two long
tables, around which the girls sit quite like
a family party. The appointments of the
tables are immaculate and dainty. Every-
thing moves along with precision.

A white-capped chef presides in the tiled
kitchen, and his assistants are mainly
men. e manager keeps a sharp eye
over everything, but he does not appear
in the dining room unless sent for.

“The girls come from all over,” he said
in answer to a question, “The Bronx,
Jarsey City, Staten Island, Brooklyn and
other parts of Long Island; and that's
why I think most of them appreciate so
much a good meal in the middle of the day.

“It is quite true that the lunch does not
cost them a cent. The cost is not taken
from their salaries, and as far as I know,
the salaries paid by the Standard Oil Com-

any to women employees are quite as big
as those paid to stenographers by any
other business concern, if not bigger,.”

THE LATEST HANDBAG.

It Is Small and Long and Decorated by
Some Well Known Artist. ~
When and where will the craze for hand-
bags stop? It must certainly spend itself
sometime, but the end is not in sight.
Evory day sees something new in the
bag line. The latest is a small, long bag of
exquisite leather in delicate tint, painted
by some well known artist. It is useless
to add that the price of one would pay
the rent for many a family for a whole

 

 

ear.
4 It is clasped with solid gold and precious
stones. /

The carriage bag and the automobile
bag we stil have with us, mostly in the
street cars, and it is a relief to see a woman
carrying an old style purse. The leather
men must be doing a driving business, for
a bag of some kind every woman must
have, and those sold from 60 cents to $3
go to pieces before they get that undesir-
able new look worn off.»

Change purses remain about the same
in style, size and material. The street
car conductor hopes ardently that they
will never go out of vogue.

DIFFERENT COLORED SETTINGS

 

For Earrings Is Latest Fad—-Much Imita-
tion Jewelry Worn.

From the Milwaukee Sentinel,

“Barrings are coming into style again,”
was the remark of J. 8. Gratz of Chicago, a
travelling jewelry salesman for over thirty
years, and accounted one of the veterans
of his trade. “I don't think you can say that
they ever were really out of style,” he con-
tinued, “even though in the last few years
the sales of this particular feminine ornament
have been small.

“One of the curious fads in earrings now ts
to have them with different colored settings.
For instance, pearls are a great favorite,
and a woman will want a pure white one for
her right ear and a black or bluish one for her
left. TI can't attempt to explain this, but there
is no accounting for a woman's tastes any-
way.

“Another novelty in the jewelry line just
now is the latest thing in women's watch
chains. These are made with long slender
links of gold, with pearl settings between the
links. Pretty expensive? Yes, but that
seems to make them all the more atylish,
Turquoises are the thing in necklaces just
at present. These are even more expen-
sive, but cost has never yet helped to kill
off a fad.

“In bracelets the trade is quiet now, and
only two styles can be said to be in vogue.
This is the chain bracelet and the plain band
with a signet locket. In wedding rings I
don't think we will ever get away from the
plain gold band, but they are being made
smaller and thinner every year.

“You would be surprised at the amount of
imitation jewelry that is put on the market
every year, and much of it is worn by the
richest of women. No one would dare to

: believe that they wear anything but genu-
ine stones, and the clever imitations fill every
want, Far more imitation jewelry is being
worn than genuine.*

» 933 Broadway

21-22 Sts

Beautiful Hair Goods

Such as cannot be fuund elsewhere, In line quality, superior
workmauship and nevel designs, Tle assortment is too large
to inention In detall, put | keep

“EVERYTHING FOR THE HAIR."
LADIES’ HAIRDRESSING,

by artists of great ability; my methods ofshampooing, singe-
ing, clipping and hair coloring to Any desired shade assure
your entre satistaction,

 

BORAXOLOGY

The Boraxologist thinks that in the
future civilization will supplant its cannon
and swords and guns by weapons of clean-

liness.

The invaders of a country will

carry an unlimited supply of soap and water
and BORAX, It is much better to clean
your enemy out than to blow him out--and

much cheaper.

Borax is the best thing

in the world to cleanse with. Use it in the
bath, toilet, kitchen, laundry---in all the
cleansing processes in the home-—it has a

wondrous power.

less and often injurious.

Imitations are worth-

Ask for

20-MULE-TEAM BRAND.

It’s pure.

For sale at

grocery ani drug

stores everywhere. %, 2 and J lb. packages.

Send a stamp for our wonderful little book, “MODERN MIRACLES,” Pacifie

Ceast Borax Co., New York, Chicago, San Francisco.

  

20-Mule-Team—Our Trade Mark-

 

DIVORCE IN JAPAN.

Nearly One Marriage Out of Four a Failure
fn the Husband’s Opinion.

A recent issue of a Japanese statistical
pamphlet in Japanese and French reveals
some curious facts of a social character,

According to this report there were in
Japan in the year 1889 207,428 marriages.
The age of marriage seems to be nearer
that commonly ‘prevailing in Europe and
America than most persons suppose.

Of men only 5 married under the age of
13, and only 108 under the age of 16. Nearly
5,400 married between the ages of 16 and 18.
The number of marriages increased rapidly
up to the age of 24, when it was rather
more than 26,000. After that age fewer
and fewer men married and less than a
thousand married between the ages of 48
and 49, though a few men married in ex-
treme old age.

In the case of girls there were only 58
marriages under the age of 14, and the
age at which the greatest number of mar-
Ti was reported was between 20 and 21.
Only about 900 women were reported as
marryi between the ages of 40 and 41,
but perha Japanese women are prone,
like their Western sisters, to cease having
birthdays after they pass 30. There were
a few nercegee of very old women, up to
and beyond the age of 80.

The civil state of the women marrying
is significant. More than 247,000 of the
whole number are reported as maidens,
and nearly 8,600 as widows, while nearly
33,500 were divorced women.

Astonishing are the divorce statistics of
Japan. In this report it is shown that
with fewer than 300,000 marriages reported
in the year, there were more than 66,000
divorces. The proper ion of divorces to
marriages was about 1 to 4.

The fact is that Japanese civilization is
most conspicuously weak in the matter
of the status of women. Divorce is easy.

In fact the seven causes laid down by
Confucius are allowed. One of these per-
mits a man to divorce his wife for talking
too much.

Among the lower classes divorce is ex-
tremely frequent. It is less s0 among
the upper classes, mainly because concu-
binage is common. The divorced wife

tiently endures her lot, and !caves the
house of her lord with a blessing for him
upon her lips. }

It is a rare thing for a woman in Japan to
seek divorce, though husbands aequeuny
give sufficient cause. The fact that the care
of the children would fall upon the wife
should she obtain a divorce is a sufficient
deterrent to the mothers who are poor, and
the condition of extreme subjection suf-
fered by nearly all Japanese women prob-
ably deters wealthy wives from seeking
divorce.

 

Revival of a Style in Laces.

From the Milwaukee Sentinel,

“The coming style in laces is net top, in
white and écrue shades,” said A. Koswick,
representative of a lace importing firm.
“For years this style has been out of vogue,
but it is coming in with a whirl, and there
really threatens to be a scarcity in this line,
for they won't be able to import enough to
supply such a demand Another hit this
year is the button effect.

“All of these must be imported from
France, as we cannot make lace in this coun-
try that will fill the requirements. Why,
T do not know. I suppose it is because in
France the labor is skilled, not only by ex-
perience, but by inheritance as well. Their
anoestors have made lice for hundreds of
rears before the present generation sturted
fh You might ask why they can’t make
Swiss cheese in Ireland, It would be about
as easy (oO answer.

“Business in laces this year promises to
be remarkably good; better than last year.
This probably is due to the fact that lace
trimmings on dresses have become fashion-

able again.

Effect of Cold Weather on Trapping.

From the Shoe and Leather Reporter.

G. N. Crosby of Rochester, N. Y., says that
the winter just past was too cold for successful
trapping, therefore it was with difficulty
that he secured enough furs to fill his orders.
A score of years ago there were many moles
in this part of the State, but now mole skins
are seldom brought in by the trappers, One
trapper near Geneseo this winter has caught
1,300 skunks, 6,000 muskrats and i85 mink.
The pelts of the latter are darker, smaller
and fuer then usual,

 

ST
ee

BOOTS AND BOOT TREES.

Spring Advice for Young Women Who Want
to Be Stylish in Appearance.

In the spring a young man’s fancy may
lightly turn to thoughts of love, but the
modish young woman's turns to shoes.

All winter she has been able to hide her
shabby footgear with rubbers, but not so
when that spring thaw looms up. Woman
is not so particular about her shoes as man.
Perhaps it is because there are so few places
where she can get a shine; again, it mayr
be, dissimulation being innate in her, that
she depends upon her skirts to hide her
feet.

Be this as it may, there is absolutely no
excuse for even the very moderate circum-
stanced to go poorly and untidily shod.
The best shoes in the world are made right
here in America, and they surely are cheap
enough,

For $3 a shoe built on the best approved
lines is obtainable, The thing for a pur-
chaser with a thin purse to do is to go to
the smartest boot shops in town, learn
what is the correct thing in leather and last
and go elsewhere to buy.

Extension soles are noted on the spring
walking boots. And they have the merit
of being comfortable and making the foot
look smaller. Bluchers are having a great
run in both low and high shoes, and are
very appropriate to tailor and shirt waist
gowns.

A hospitable member of society says if
she could afford to build a house with only
one room in it, she would make that room
a company room. Every woman should
say if she can afford to buy only a rof
shoes or a pair of shoe trees that she will
take the trees every time, for without them
it is absurd to think of keeping shoes in
shape; and it is incongruous to see a dressed
up woman wearing sloppy, run-down-at-
the-heel, shapeless boots.

 

Emotion at the Matinee.

“Lotsof people cried,” said the sentimental
boarder at the dinner table, discussing the
matinée with her next chair neighbor.
“Why, there was one young girl that sat
in the next row to me that cried half the
time.”

“Humph!” said the grouchy man from
his seat further down the table, “at a mati-
née I went to the other day there was a
baby right in the next seat to me that cried
all the time.”

 

 

‘Trade Mork Registered.

The one object of this announcement ts to show
that FREE TRIAL bottles of

MARY T. GOLDMAN’S
GRAY HAIR RESTORER

will bring back the original color of gray and
faded hele and will leave the hair Clean, Qutty
and natural. It has ne sediment and is there.
harmless. Notadye. 80 certain are the
results that wo are perfectiy willing to reet any
possible future sales upon what can be demon-
strated with these trial bottles. Can we do any-
thing more fair! Send 10 cents in stamps to cover
pee . Send full name and add and be eu:
tel] us the original color of your hair, aleo oe
sample of hair. Address
MARY T. GOLDMAN,
307-340 Goldman Bldg., 8. Paul, Minn,

Large Bottie $1, Prepaid. We have agents in every city.
NOTICE. It costs us 20 for every free sample
bottle we send out. If we dit not have a prepar-
ation that will neil on ite merite later, could we
afford this method of Introduction!
The most rellable drug stores in New Yoru
and Brooklyn are our agents.
Riker’s Drug Store, 6th Avo. & 23rd St.B*
Bolton Drug Co., Brooklyn.

  
      
   
       
       
       
       
         
       
        

 

aE

oer

i gis STR:
are Tage Ek

ey
aro ee

¥
4
t

4
j
bs
ye

   
 

 

 

‘