227 P=

SF

en eS a ee

ee ee A et I BA RA ct eh

eR

pony saree

|
|

en ee en Be

ce

|
co
oT
F
Ps
'
;
|
|
/

]

   
 
 
 
 
 
  

LNs wean >
ea

 

i. aes

-

 

A DRESS WI
DEAL OF A

TH A GOOD
HISTORY IN

THE LAST CENTURY

The Countess of Blessington preached |

the following sensible little sermon on |
economical dress about seventy years !
ago; |

“Transparent muslin, the cheapest of |
all materials, is one of the prettiest for
summer's wear, and with the addition of |
some bows of delicate colored riband, or
a boquet of fresh flowers, forms a most
becoming dress.

“The lowness of price of such a robe
enables the purchaser to have so frequent
a change that even those who are far from |
rich may have half a dozen,while one single ;
robe of more expensive material will cost
more, and so the owner will think it right!
to wear it more frequently than is con-
sistent with the freshness and purity that
should ever be the distinguishing char- |
acteristic in female dress : }

|
|
|
}
'
1
}

“L was strue@k with this fact a short time
ago, when I saw two ladies seated next
each other, both yvoung and handsome;
but one, owing to the freshness of her robe,
which was of simple organdie, looked |
infinitely better than the other, who, wear- |
ing a robe of expensive lace, the white- |
ness of which had fallen into the sere and |
yellow leaf, appeared faded and passé

“If women could be made to understand |
that costliness of attire seldom adds to
beauty and sometimes deteriorates it, |
a great amelioration of expense could be |
accomplished. Be wise, then, ye young |
and-fair; and if, as IT suspect, vour object |
be to please the lords of creation, let your
dress in summer be snowy muslin, never
worn after its pristine beauty becomes |
problematical {

“And you, O husbands and fathers, |
present and future, be ye daily impressed |
with a sense of your obligation to me for |
thus opening the eyes of your wives and
daughters how to please without draining
Your pursos.”

If there are any modern husbands and

|

 

: he 0
CSS

We

live

By

 

fathers who find it hard to supply the farm
five to twenty thousand dollars a year
which it is said a woman of any preten-
tions to fashion requires for dress at the

sresent time, here is a suggestion for them,
et them form a husbands’ and fathers’

| society for the introduction and encourage-

ment of the plain white muslin frock, that
fairylike embodiment of economy.
It is amusing, though, to picture the

| utter distaste with which the present day

woman of fashion would probably regard
this charmingly simple toilet, casily within
the reach of anyone. She ik accustomed
to count herself a member of a well defined
aristocracy of dress, in which the elect,
that is, those who have money enough,
attire themselves in splendor, while the
women who are not so fortunate live ina
sort of limbo of shrinking dowdiness,
weighed down by a sense of failure

Things were much better arranged in
the kindly long ago, when a white muslin
frock could shake out its flounces with
the very best and feel no shame. With
young girls, indeed, there existed a fair
republic of white muslin in which was en-
joyed a happy freedom from envy and
all \ncharitableness, because though an
expensive India muslin might flutter against
a cheap book muslin the general effect
of airy freshness and modest siniplicity
was very much the same in both.

One hundred and twenty-five veurs ago
Mme, Vivée le Brun, who besides being a
great painter was a pretty woman of charm-
ing and original taste, wrote in her “Sou-
venirs:”

“T always wore white tunic shaped dresses,
now called blouses. I spent but little on
my toilet. I wore generally nothing but
white dresses, either muslin or linen, and I
never wore full dress except for my séances
at Versailles.”

In 17099 Mme. Tallien appeared at a re-
ception in a very wide muslin gown, fall-
ing about her in great folds and cut after

 

Fj TeX

CELA)
Pa

THE FASHIONABLE WOMAN FROWNS UPON THE MUSLIN FROCK.

HE SMILING |

NEW BOARDER. |

Luck of a Girl Spending the Winter |
in a Lonely House in the |
Country.

The girl had been advised by her physician
to spend the winter in the country for her |
health. She spent it, therefore, four miles
north of Cos Cob, near the home of Clyde
Fitch and the insane asylums,

She was the only boarder.

It is very lonely in the country in the
winter time, when the hired man threatens
to leave the next time it snows, and does
leave, and nobody comes along the white
snow road but the postman, and he only
once aday, and sometimes not that even,
So every time a figure came up the road the
girl ran tothe window.

One day the landlady heard footsteps
erunching in the hard snow. She ran to
the window. The girl ran after her, leaning
over her head, looking.

Sure enough, there was a woman coming
along the road, She turned into the path
leading to the house. She came up the
Bteps!

The Jandlaudy hurried to the door.
foman smiled affably.

“If you please,” she said, “I heard you
took boarders, I should like, if you please,”
she was almost too polite for anything, “to
see your combinations.”

“Combinations?” repeated the landlady
wonderingly.

“The rooms you have to rent,” explained
the woman, and folded her gloved hands at
the waist line and smiled some more, still
more affably,

“A new boarder,” thought the girl, and
was glad; for it is very lonely in the coun-
try in the winter time, when nobody comes
Up the road but the postman.

The landlady hastened to open all the
doors and show the woman every room in
the house, upstairs and down. They were

hice, clean rooms, but the girl put her cloak

 

 

The

on while the landlady showed them; for
keen, cold blasts oame out of each and
every one, there being no fires in the bed-
rooms of country houses in the winter

' time.

Presently the landlady and the pros-
pective boarder came downstairs looking
a little pinched and blue from the cold,
but. happy.

“I will take the front room,” smiled the
woman—it seemed that she would never
have done smiling. “I like it very much.
You can have it all ready for me by Tues-
day, if you please.”

She wus so very polite and pleasant that
the girl siniled and nodded to her without
an introduction, indicating that she would
be very glad, indeed, to have company
in the country house that had been so
lonely through the snowy weather when
the hired man threatened to leave if it
snowed again--and did leave!

The woman paused at the door.

“I will take the room,” she reiterated,
“And I will be here early ‘Tuesday morning
if Mr. Bowman will Jet me.”

Then she went out down the road and
the landlady and the girl huddled together
at the window, watching her.

Soon they saw a man in a sleigh burrying
full tilt after the prospective boarder. He
caught up with her. He took her into the

sleigh and bpad on his wav with her, the
prospective boarder looking back a little

wild eyed at the house in which she had }

|

 

the pattern of the tunics seen on Greek
statues. The sleeves were caught *to her
arms with antique cameos, and other oam-
eos clasped her garment at the shoulders
and. waist.

But alas! the simple muslin, essentially
pure and modest, was about this time de-
graded from its high estate and devoted
to the world, the flesh and the devil with
the usual piquant effect. Sebastien Mer-
| cier describes the dress or undreas of the
| ladies of Paris about. 1800:
| “Never have they been more exquisitely

dressed, nor in more snow-white garments,

Soap has become at the very least as in-
| dispensable as bread!

“They are all draped
shawls, which flutter on their shoulders
and their naked bosoms, and clouds of
gauze, which rouse our curiosity by con-
cealing half their faces, and dresses which
do not prevent their seeming naked. In
| this sylphlike attire they hurry to and fro

from morning till night.

“Nothing but these shadows are to be
seen in the streets,”

In the more decorous but more extrava-
gant fashions of the Empire, Josephine and
her personal cirele gave the law to current
taste, She nearly always wore the white
gowns so much admired by the Emperor.

These were made of misty India muslin,
extraordinarily fine and clear in texture,
which cost at the least frem 100 to 150 francs
avard. The lower part of the skirt had
scalloped embroidery in gold and pearls,
and the bodice was clasped at the shoulders
with cameos, diamond buckles or hooks
shaped like Jions’ heads.

Octave Uzanne says that the return of
the Bourbons to the throne of France was
greeted by a general return on the part of
the fair sex to white attire, and espocially
to snowy billows of the clearest muslin.
From this on for many years there were

 

in transparent

 

a

39 ee

|

‘
]

  

 

THE WOMAN WHO SAT IT OUT,

AN EPISODE OF THE REED SM00T
HEARING IN WASHINGTON.

‘ Ki ee

The Committee Room Had Been Cleared
While the Record of a Mormon Divorce
Case Was Read-—sShe Stayed Hecause
she Sald She Was Deat—But Was She?

WASHINGTON, March 19.—It hecame
necessary the other day to clear the room
of the Senate Committeo on Privileges and
Llections, where. the Smout hearing: was
in progress, The proper juncture had
arrived for the introduction of the record
of a Utah court in a certain Mormon di-
vorce case, This record was considered
undesirable for general circulation.

“It will be necessary,” the venerable
Senator Hoar suggested in a low tone to

the committee, “to clear the room of all |

those directly concerned | woman

persons except
in the hearing during the reading of this
report.”

he other members of the committee
nodded affirmatively. The clerk of the
committee arose and said that the com-
mittee was about to go into executive ses-
sion.

The audience, composed chiefly of de-
cidedly sophisticated looking women of
middle age, took not the hint. None of
them budged.

“The room will be cleared,”
somewhat embarrassed clerk

The few men among the listeners were
already on their way out when the clerk
uttered his second suggestion, which was
addressed to the women, for not one of them
had made « sign of leaving. They settled

said the

back in their seats more determinedly than |
ever when the clerk told them for the sec- |

ond time that the hearing was over for the
day so far as the public was concerned,
The clerk turned around and fazed in-
quiringly at the members of the committee.
But they one and all refused to permit him
to catch their eye. They were leaning back
in their seats in attitudes that plainly told
the clerk that it was up to him.
The clerk went down the passageway
and cajled in the doorkeeper,
“You ladies'll have to leave,”
doorkeeper, coming in and getting busy
at once, “Committee's going into 'zecu-
tive session,”
The women stiffened in their seats and
gazed resentfully at the doorkeeper, but

said the

engaged the room for the following Tues- | only two or three of them moved toward

day.
The landiady looked at the girl.

The girl looked back at her.

“Well, I never!” she cried.

And well she may say so, for Mr. Bow-
man was manager of the private sani-
tarium not far off over the hill and the
prospective boarder was one of his inmates
who had temporarily evaded the vigilance
of her keeper.

 

The Taste Was Not Familiar to Him.

From the Baltimore Sun.

Wayne MacVeugh, the lawyer and diplo-
mat, bas on the outskirts of Philadelphia
an admirable stock farm. One day lust
summer some poor children were permitted
to go over his farm, and, when their inspec-
tion was done, to each of them was given a
glass of milk.

The milk was excellent.
from a $2,000 cow. Vea iri.

“Well, boys, how do you like it?” the farmer
said when they had drained their glasses.

“Gee! Fine!” ane a little fellow. Then
after a pause, he added, “I wisht our milkman
kep' a cow.” wf

It came, in fact,

 

ES

the door, The others gave utterance to
sniffs and *Huhs!” and some of them re-
marked to their companions that ‘deed
they weren't infants in arms, and didn’t
intend to be treated as such, so there!

“But,” said the doorkeeper, ineffectually
endeavoring to herd the determined wemen
in the direction of the door, “there's goin’
to be some hot st— -er-—testimony that's
not fit for la—-- Oh, there's no use in
talking, ladies, you'll have to leave, and
right now. Committee's orders.”

“I'd just like to know what right pny have
to listen to testimony that’s not fit for ladies,
and right here in the Capitol that the people
pays for! The wicked old sinners!” snap
a hatchet-faced woman in a front seat,
including all of the white-haired Senators
in her eveep te contemptuous Penis.

At length, however, the doorkeeper
contrived to edge all of them out of the door,
except one. is one was a fat, sour-
vinegen woman of 50, who carried a rather
cumbersome hearing appliance with her.

;

THE SUN, SUNDAY;

THE WHITE MUSLIN KEPUBLIC.

|

|
|
|

2,

¢
7

 

sensitive and sentimental timos when
delicacy and refinement were of the first
importance, and “the very acme of good
breeding waa to half starve one's self and
drink naught but the dews from heaven.
* * * Every ono sought to exemplify
correct and absolute good taste by the dis-
creeteat and moat quiet means, All show
and sham ceremonial were tabooed.*
Dress naturally acquired a world of mean-
ing and the white muslin gown was itt ite
eloment, for it was happily conceived to
be the outward and visible sign of suoh
desirable feminine graces as freshness,
delicacy, purity, modesty and economy.

AMERICAN MEN AS HUSBANDS.

They Are Improvidently Generous, a Lone
don Observer Saya,

From the London Telegraph,

An Atnerican young man does not as a
rule look forward to marrlagé nor prepare
for it by saving any considerable portion of
his ante-nuptial income. When he marries,
it ia usually on short notice and because he
has fallen very desperately in love with some
one and cannot find it in hia heart to walt
until cold caution declares the venture ad-
visable. Even when an engagement is a
long one he usually squanders so much on

 

 

 

 

 

 

She had been present at the hearings from
the beginning. She seemed so deaf that she
could only hear when the person addressing
her actually shouted into her ear trumpet,
and it looked as if she must have attended
the hearings just for the fun she got out of
etching the proceedings, since apparently
she could hear nothing of the testimony,
even with her hearing contraption i
She didn't appear to be aware of what
was going on, even after the rest of the
women had taken their reluctant departure
The doorkeeper approached her. She saw
that he wanted to address her, and she
placed her ear trumpet in position.
“'Zeoutive session, ladv,'' said the door-
keeper in his ordinary tone, but with his
lips close to the orifice of her ear trumpet
“Hey?” she inquired, with a vacant ex-
pression of countenance
“You'll have to leave now; ‘zecutive
the trumpet
“Who said I'd have to leave, and what

, for?” demanded the deaf woman bridling.

|
|
|
|
|

“Testimony's getting warm, lady,”
shouted the doorkeeper into the trumpet,
“Oh, it's not too warm for me! I feel

“MARCH' 20,. 1904.

session,” said the doorkeeper, shouting into | elaborate chairs of mahogany, old oak or

eee

gifts and entertainments for his flancée
that there is only a very moderate amount
to begin housekeeping on, Thus, before his
marrluge the young American of the middle
class begins to give evidence of what is to
be his chief national characteristic as a hnis-
band—his unfailing, unselfish and almost
improvident generosity.

The middle class husband in America
rarely interferes with the affulra of the house-

hold. He hardly knows the cost of staple

articles of food. Asa rule he does not tnake
his wife a regular allowance, either for house-
hold or personal expenses, but gives her as
touch as he can spare, freely, but with a lack

of system that is not conducive to the best

outlay of their income.

The young American husband is also very
indulgent’ to his wife’s fondness for fine
clothes, He would far rather have an ex-
travagant wife than a‘ dowdy one, and al-
though he grumbles occasionally at a mil-
linery bill, in reality he glories. in the re-

=

 
 

|

COST OF A LIGHT BREAKFAST,

@hey Mange All the Way From 15 Cents
te @1—The Fare Much the Same—Yet
the 18-Cent Man Makes Money, While
Bankruptcy Threatens the Dollar Man.

A breakfast of eggs, rolls and coffee
may be had in this town at prices ranging
all the way from 15 cents to $1. Even at |
the cheapest rate it is composed of ma- ,
terials that any man of normal appetite |
can consume without discomfort.

The dollar breakfast includes a generous
tip. He that takes it finde that the house
Supplies with the food three or four fine
napkins, one for his lap, the others as rests
for the dishes, at least three attractive
china plates, a large butter dish with sev-
eral pats of excellent butter in a nest of
cracked ice, a small butter plate for the
pat of butter immediately heing con-
sumed, a silver plated pot of coffee, a silver
plated pot ef hot milk, a small silver plated
pot of cream, several knives, forks and
spoons, a carafe of beautifully clear ice
water, a finger bowl, a neat little table
draped in an ample and spotless cloth,

=

rosewood, a highly decorated room, and
the obsequious attendance of a silent, deft
and observant waiter. e

The fifteen-cent breakfast will have

|
|
|
|
|
|
!
|
|
|
|

, fewer rolls, and Jess coffee of a quality not |

perfectly comfortable,” returned the deaf |
, breakfast; but the 8, save rhaps in
had referred to the temperature of the | oe aa

imagining that the doorkeeper
room,

“I mean,” bawled the doorkeeper into the
trumpet, while the
conyulsed in their chairs, and even Senator
Smoot, President Smith and Historian
Jensen smiled, “that the testimony’s going

| to be too indelicate for ladies for the rest

of the afternoon.”

“Why, the idee!" snapped the deaf Woman,
taking down her ear trumpet. “The very
idee of such a thing! How can [ help what
the testimony's going to be? And what
difference will
hear it?”

“Oh, let her remain,” said the cupid-faced,
silver-haired old gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Senator oer, with an amused
expression. “What isn't
going to hurt her."

And remain she did during the executive
session of the committee, although at
several stages of the reading of the court
record of the Mormon divorce case several
of the old Senators eyed her apprehensively
and nervously out of the slant of their
eyes, as if not entirely certain in their own
minds whether she was really deaf.

HUSTLING LEGISLATIVE MILLS.
They Ground Gut 14,204 Laws Last Year
—Courts Killed Fifty.

How hard the legislative milla grind in
this country, it is possible to realize only
by taking a look over the output,

There are fifty
in the whole country, and they enact more
than 20,000 laws every two years.
purport and tendency would be difficult
to determine if it were not for a volume,
entitled “The Comparative Summary and

she can't hear

 

 

 

Index of Legislation,” of which the New |

York State Library has just issued the
fourteenth annual edition.

It shows that 14,304 laws were passed last
year and it summarizes in 500 pages 5,406
of these. The rest of the output consisted
of acts of private, local or temporary inter-
est and were notof general interest.

The North Carolina Legislature was
busiest of those in all the States, to judge
by the results. It passed 1,268 acta in a
seasion of sixty-three days, which is an
average of twenty-two laws a day.

The Illinois Legislature came next with
226 laws in a session of 121 days, or less than
two a day. The New York Legislature
passed 651 laws and resolutions.

In the course of the year the courts
declared fifty statutes unconstitutional.
Ninety-six constitutional amendments were
proposed by Legislatures or voted on by

he people.

rave Senators were |

. thin napkin will be served with the meal.

it make to me if I can't :

' the clatter of earthenware, but

quite so good as that served at the dollar

midwinter, will be about as palatable. The |
butter will probably be oleomargarine. It ;
will be served wichout ceremony, but it
will not be offensive in smell or flavor.
Two ugly plates, a single knife, fork
and spoon, a thick cup and saucer, and a

 

 

The table will be coarse and covered with
a@ coarse though passably fresh cloth.

A single not too skilful and far from |
quiet waiter will serve a dozen guests at !
once. The place will be rather noisy with
not neces-
sarily offensive because of the company.

In all probability the raw materials of |
the dollar breakfast cost about double |
those of the 15 cent breakfast.

 

The other |!
elements that justify the differenge in |
price are mainly service and upholstery
It seems that the breakfaster pays a good '
deal for what he cannot eat or drink. Never-
theless it is ap unassailable fact that, while

, the purveyor of the cheaper breakfast
| may not unreasonably hope to make a liv-

separate Legislatures |

Their |

ing profit should no guest ever order a |
more expensive*breakfast at his restaur-'!
ant, the purveyor of the dollar breakfast
would inevitably be bankrupt in short,
order if his guests did not average at least |
50 per cent. more in the price of their break- |
fasts. In other words, there is a clear |
profit on every 15 cent breakfast, and |
probably a considerable loss on every |
dollar breakfast.

There are breakfasts of rolls, coffee and
eggs at all prices between 15 cents and a
dollar. At any good club, where of course
there is no tip to be considered, you may
have such a breakfast at somewhere between
45 and 75 cents, but even at the higher of
these rates no club of really luxurious ap-
pointments and first rate cuisine and ser-
vice finds much profit. |

Fifty comfortable restaurants between
Union Square and Central Park will serve
you such a breakfast at prices varying from
$0 to 75 cents, and with all degrees of ex-
cellence as to service and appointments;
and the probability is that the cheaper the
breakfast the greater the profit.
simpler the meal in a richly appointed
restaurant the larger the proportion of
cost in service and upholstery to the cost
in raw materials.

It is more profitable to cater to the undis-
criminating many than to the discriminat-
ing few unless you can persuade the latter
to order luxuries rather than necessaries;
and where one fortune is made in a fash-
ionable restaurant, ten. are made out of
quist lunches with half the worry and

uble the certainty. a

 

 

 

     

' their ¢

' message, which

The |

feathers.

maker than he does with his tailor.
he often

more money for extravagant finery.

 

BOSTON’S PUBLIC LIBRARY.

ALLEGED ORDEAL OF ONE WHO
TRIES TO TAKE OUT A BOOK.

 

First You Enoounter a Sceptical Person
Who Asks All About You—-Then You
Hun Against a Barrier of Small Boys,
Marbles and Many Rubber Stamps,

Loston, March 19.—The Boston Public
Library is a great success as an art museum
and a place in which to lose your temper.
I have a theory that the odor which strikes
one in the face on entering the great doors,
jis the result of innumerable bad tempers
which are hourly lost in the act of trying
to take out a book.

The library is a grand show place, or it
would be if it were properly ventilated;
but when it comes to taking out a book—
that is going too far. They are willing
you should take out a book on your little
card, but beggars must not be choosers,
and it is far too presumptuous of you to
expect to get out any book you may men-
tion.

Send in a slip asking for Plato's “Dia-
logues” in the original, and it comes back
stamped “Out.” Well, one could hardly
expect such a pular book to be unap-
propriated for long, perhaps, so we will
try another.

We have long been wanting to reread
“Stepping Heavenward,” so we ask for that,
and after a decent interval we get the slip
marked ee Too bad, but we sup-
pose the head librarian is refreshing his
moral nature with it and neglected to make
a record of the fact.

Your historical memory needs a little
refurbishing, 80 send in for Gibbon's “De-
cline and Fall of the Roman Empire” in
seven .volumes. Back cemes the &lip
stamped in aE Wing Ted, “Not on the shelf.”
Dear me! it must have dropped down be-
hind something. You wish
look again, but they won't,

_ Having walked a mile, or perchance hav-
ing come in from the suburbs to get a book,
you are determined to have one, so you
send in two more slips, one for the oly
Bible and the other for kibert Hubbard's
“Little Journeys to the Homes of Good
Men and Great.” Both slips reach you
safely stamped “Gone to the bindery.” If
they had told us which one, we should
have been only too glad to go to the bind-

they would

| ery after them, but some people never tell

more than half of anything important.

‘These excuses all seem on the surface
to be perfectly legitimate ones, but mark
you, there are dark deeds going on in the
library’ which should have the candle of
public investigation turned upon them.

If you could follow the small boy who
is looking up your books you would see
him hurry through the stacks to a place
he wots of and see him settle down to a

; quiet game of marbles with several other
| small

boys, who are presumably hunting
up books for people.

After passing a pleasant half hour in
this way—seldom more—he and the others
seize all the rubber stam they can find
and vigerelaly Blaine each of the slips in

large with “Missing,” “At the bind-

ery,” “Out,” “Not on shelf," “In special

library,” “Not to be taken out,” “Teacher's

certificate required.” And once, by inis-

take, he stamped one of mine “Kindly

remit.” I was pleased with this special

gore @ personal touch to

my dealings with the great library cor-
poration.

After all, what can you expect from'a
child of 11, who works a week for $3? We
were all of us children once.

We do feel, however, that we should
have some reward for having to endure
the cross-examination of the registration

clerk when we applied for our card. We

isnever heard of any one, and we have a

wide acquaintance, who ever obtained a
book which he really wanted from the
Public Library, and we feel that if only
once, each perron should be recompensed
for going through the ordeal of facing the
man who puts you in the card catalogue.

He eyes you suspiciously when you
apply for a card and looks opeoly Foeptical
when you aver that you reside in tho city,
He evidently thinks you look countrified.

“Where do your parents live?”

“Cripple Creek, Col.”

“Ah-ha, I thought so.”

“What was your father's maiden name?"

“In what year was your father's uncle’s
grandmother married and what was the

| color of her wedding dress? ”

“What is your occupation and have you
any followerr?”

These are a few of the questions which
the Lord-High-Taker-Down-of-Your-Pride
will ask you, and all with open unbelief of
your answers—and you will never know
until the Judgment Day, when all secrets
shall be made plain, what he has written
about you on that large white card which
he finally slips into the drawer behind

im.
Yes, the Public Library is a fine thing, and
it looks well in Copley Square. But if you
sincerely desire a given k at a specific
time, it is wiser to go down to some circu-
lating library and blow in two cents and
get ie rather than accumulate a collection
of gray slips with terse messages stamped
on them in audible red by a child in the
Public Library as

 

aplendent appearance of his wife in her fine
The American husband is rare |
who does not concede his wife's right to
expend a much larger stm with her dress- ,
Indeed, ©
leaves his tailor altogether and
cheerfully repairs to the ready-made cloth-
ing house in order that-hia wife may have

  
   
  

  
 
   

   
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
    
     
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
      
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  

     
      
   
       
      
   

|

   

         
 
    
 
      
 
 
    

LADY BLESSINGTON IN HER MUSLIN Gowy

 

ee ————-._§-§—= 2

CHRIST'S SECOND COMING,

A ROCHESTER BAND GETS READY
FOR THE MILLENNIUM, 4

 

The Christian Brethren Think the Worlg
Has Lasted About 6,000 Years Now
—Christ’s Second Coming Expecteg
in a Year or So—Forty Years of War,

RocHEster, March 10.—Firm in the cons
viction that within a year or so Christ will
again visit the world, a band calling itself
the Society of Christian Brethren has ree
cently taken up ita abode in Rochester,
here to work and watch and pray for thé
millennium,

There are seventy-two persons in the
band, comprising thirty-one families. The
Christian Brethren have been working
in the South and West for several years,
although nut very much has been knowa
about them in the Eaat.

The originator end leader of the Christian
Brethren faith is Capt. L. T, Nichols, whe
was born in Indiana in 1844. He makes ne
pretence to divine inspiration. He Is tall
and elender, and has a kindly face, with @
surprisingly high forehead.

Bushy, darky curl hair, turning gray,
covers his head, and a scraggiy beard, not
s0 patriarchal as Dowie’s, conceals his
firm set lips. He talks in a low, soft, well
modulated voice.

The brethren have not started their came
paign in Rochester yet. They are waiting
for the spring. Then they will begin work,
‘They propose to go up and down the canal,
from one end of the State to the other,
and sound the warning to the people. New
York city will be visited, although Capt,
Nichols seems to be a little timid about
advancing on wicked Gotham after the hip-
podrome performance of Elijah Dowie.

The band has rented a large, old-fashioned
house on Kast avenue, the most stylish
residence street in the city, It will remain
here until spring, when it will remove to
a four acre plot of ground purchased on the
outskirts of the city,

Carpenters, masons, bricklayers and other
tradesmen are included in the band, and
they will erect the buildings needed for
their accommodation, That the brethren
have money is shown by the fact that they
paid $7,500 for the land and assumed «
$4,500 mortgage.

The society is not-organized on the com-
munistic principle. It is said that there is
nothing in common among them except
ideas and religious work, ‘

Each man hes ig en property ean ee
bank account, earns own living 6
obli ed to rely upon himself for a li :
Each family has a room entirely to iteelf,
and as far as ible each family has a
cook fcove anda compete housekeeping

ishment o own.

ba society has strict rules concerni
the manner in Toe a, Ramune aha
ive. They may not use in any form tea,
Bese, ied Pork, pie, cake, tobacco or
liquor. Some of these things are forbidden
because they are considered unhealthful,
others because they are luxuries and others
because they are sinful.

They kill their own beef and mutton and
dress it, because they say that then they
know it is clean. They never buy meat at
a market. x

The exact date of the beginning of tha
millennium is put at 1941. ey say that it
will take Christ forty years to subdue the
rebellious and wicked oms of the earth,
se that according to their caloulations the
Lord is now apparently overdue. ‘

But Capt. Nichols has discovered that in
reality the world is now living in 1897 and
that the present calendar is seven years
ahead of the true date. He therefore says
that the millennium will begin in 1948 by the
present calendar, although 1948 will in
reality be only the year 1941.

Capt. Nichols establishes the date of the
millennium by the Bible. In the first pia,
the words of the Bible, “A day with the
Lord is as a thousand years,” are pointed
out~ The next reference is made to ths
commandment, “Six days shalt thou labor,
and the seventh,” &c. ‘ ;

The millennium, argue the Christian
Brethren, is to come with the first Sunday
on God's calendar after his creation of
man. The problem, then, is to figure out
the exact time that has elapsed since the
creation of man to the present day.

Capt. Nichols has taken the decount of
“Abraham begat Isaac” straight down
through the swhole narrative. He has
figured out the time that has elapsed from
the statenrent made of the duration of the
lives of these men, 1

The table of dates that the Christian
Brethren have finally figured out is as fa
lows:

Years.
From the creation of Adam to the flood 1,655
From the flood to the offering upoflsaac.. 423
From the offering up of Isaac to the giving of

the law by Moses to the people on Mount

Sinat (Est EMaTRAAwaEs 49
From the giving of the law of Moses tothe end
of the wanderings in the Wildemess 40

From the end of the wanderings In the Wiider
ness to the close of the few years of the sub
Jugation of Canaan.... . &

From the subjugation of Canaan to tle cud of

the rule of the Judges. : 40
From the rule of Judges to the end of the relgn rf
of Kings ‘ is
From Kings through captivity under the
Habylonians. . ‘ 70
From the year of (he return fron captivity to
the birth of Christ... -
4,059

MOORE vase ei acs

Thus, say the Christian Brethren, 4,059
years is the time that had elapsed from the
creation of man to the birth of Christ, and
1,941 years after the birth of Christ, or the
year 6,000, is the period that they hava
settled upon as the date of the millennium.

 

Nouns of Multitude in BMnglish.

From the Philadelphia Preea.

“What a bewildering number of nouns
of multitude we have jin our language!
remarked the Literary Man, a6 he sat yes-
terday inthe Franklin Inn Club, “The other
day the child of a friend of mine illustrated
this. as well as the inborn cruelty of youth.
He wanted to ‘play a game.’ 7

‘'All right,’ said his mother. ‘What ‘s
the game? -

"Why, you'll bea peer little blind, lane
lamb and I'll be a flock of tigers.’

“Rut why,” continued the Literary Man,
“was he Wrong? Why should we have to
speak only of a hostof angels, a shoal of pore
poises, a herd of buffaloes, a troop of soldiers,
n covey of partridges, a enlaxy of beauties,
a horde of ruMflans, a heap of rubbish, @ drove
of oxen, a mob of blackguards, a schoo! of
whales, a congregation of worshippers, 4
corps of engineers, & band of robbers, a swarm
of locusts and a crowd of poopie!

“T remember how a Frenchman, a friend of
mine, once pointed seaward and remarked:
‘Bee what a flock of ships.’ Ltold him that a
flock of ships was culled a fleet, and added
for his guidance that a flock of girls is called
a bevy, that a bevy of wolves in called a uk
and that a pack of thieves is called a

 

 

 

 

—_ ~—= = = «@