vs? MISSED A LYNCHING,

BRUTAL HOBO SAVED BY STRAT-
EGY OF RECORDER GRACE.

 

 

Dogan, the Father of the Little Girl the
Hobo Assaulted, Shoots Him tn the Ear
_He Escapes, but Is Caught by Rall.
road Men and Roughly Handled.

sovra AstBoy, N. J., March 19.—It is just
possitie that the resourcefulness of Re~-
cpdor Grace of this city saved New Jersey
lynching. The Recorder had a very

from al} B
tay matter on his hands. Sylvanus Eg-
‘ a tramp, had attacked the little
f Edward Dugan, a Pennsylvania

Eggerton had been

gerton,
daughter of Ed:
Railroad employee,
arrested

‘The people of South Amboy, when they
heard of the assault, wanted to kill Egger-
ton. The Recorder made a speech to as
many of them as assembled at the scene
of Eggerton’s capture. He said that he
hoped that they would do themselves and
their town the credit of restraining them-
selves until the prisoner “was safely out
of town on the noon train.”

jhe county jail is in New Brunswick.
There is a train which leaves South Amboy
about noon. ‘The populace of South Amboy
gathered to the number of nearly 400 at
the Pennsylvania station at 12 o'clock.

‘The train came and went. The crowd was

watching for Eggerton. There were not
a few in its number who said that they
meant to take him away from the Recorder
aid constables and kill him.

But Eggerton was not brought to the
train. Recorder Grace did not appear.
The angry men who were in a lynching
and anticipatory mood, learned after
awhile that the Recorder had taken Eg-
gerton to New Brunswick on the trolley
line. Mr. Grace had caught a car which
left South Amboy a little after 10 o'clock,
and at the moment when the lynching
party was assembling at the Pennsylvania
station Eggerton was lodged in the New
Brunswick jail

Fggerton was caught in Jamesburg.
Hia attack on the little Dugan girl, who
is only 6 years old, occurred yesterday.
The crew of a Pennsylvania switch engine
working near the deep cut bridge heard
a child's screams. They left their engine
and went into a thicket near the bridge,
where they found the little girl crying.
She said that “a man had been bad to her.”

She pointed in the direction in which she
gaid the man had gone. The railroad men
did not catch Eggerton, but they found
out that a man who answered the descrip-
tion which the little girl had given them had
been seen hurrying toward Jamesburg.

James McDonald, the marshal of this bor-
cugh, learned of Eggerton’s presence in
Jamesburg yesterday and went over there
and arrested him, Dugan, the father
of the injured child, accompanied him.
Mr. Dugan kept a fairly good grip on his
temper for the first twenty minutes after
the arrest.

Then his feelings became too strong for
hirn, and he pulled a revolver and fired a
shot point blank at Eggerton, who was
walking just ahead of him with Marshal
McDonald. The shot struck Eggerton in
the ear and made a slight wound, per-
forating the ear and grazing the scalp. .

McDonald turned and attempted to
eeize Dugan, who acted like a madman.
When McDonald finally subdued Dugan
he discovered that Eggerton was gone.
The prisoner had taken advantage of the
diversion to run down a side street. He
was caught by two or three railroad men
and brought back in rather worse con-
dition than when he escaped.

Dugan promised not to attack his
daughter's assailant again, and accompanied
McDonald and the prisoner to this city,
where Eggerton was turned over to Re-
corder Grace. As soon as the evidence had
been stated to him the Recorder committed ;
Eggerton to the county jail.

He noticed the ugly temper of the crowd |
that had gathered in front of his house ;
during the hearing. By his ingenious }

appeal to them to restrain themselves he!
managed to get E, gerton away safely. |

 

VICTIM OF CHRISTIAN SCIENCE. |

A Case in Baffalo Which the District At- |

torney May Investigate. (

Brrra.o, March 19.—Christian Science |
ic said to be an attributive cause of the
death of William Dobbertin, 5 years old,
ard District Attorney Coatsworth has been

 

reqiivsted to make an investigation to
determine who is responsible. Health
Cominissioner Greene says he is informed
that the child had no medical attendance.
This morning Dr. Greene told Mr. Coats-

worl) what he knew about the case and re-
quested a criminal investigation to be
mace to fix the blame, if it is found that
the hoy was neglected. Dr. F. B. Willard,

a istrict physician, investigated the
death at the instance of the Health Com-
missioner and made a report in which he
8 id that the boy was taken ill last Monday
wir a-orethroat. On Tuesday it is charged,
Mrs. Elizabeth Waite of 24 Florence place,
a Christian Seience healer, was called to
attend him. On Thursday afternoon, it is
reported, she gave up the case and in-

struete.| his parenta to get some one else.

 

   

 

Mrs. Kline of 58 Arlington place, another
nristian, Scientist, was then summoned.
Sho visited the boy once. He did not
improve. Thursday midnight the little

fellow was so bad that his parents sent
for Dr. Myrtle A, Hoag. The doctor ar-
rived after the boy had died, It was found
that he died from diy htheria.

“Lam going to request the District At-
tor: ¢y to probe this matter to the bottom,”
sad Dr. Gireene, “It seems to me that
this method of treating children should

be stopped. If an adult wants to go with-
ou! medical treatment he has a right to
Tefiise jt, Lut when a child is ill itis inhuman

to deprive it of medical attendance.”

BAVARIAN FOUGHT A RUSSIAN.

 

War Argument Causes a MixeUp in Which
Both Suffer Considerably.

Julius Schnolka, a Russian tinsmith
who lives at 44 First avenue, and Jacob
Kiefuss, a Bavarian stonecutter of 410
Fast 123d street, who is a Japanese sym-
pathizer, had many scars of battle when
they appeared in the Yorkville police court
yesterday,

Ihe Russian charged the Bavarian with
assult, and said the bandages on his head

covercd half a dozen wounds made by a
Knife iy the hands of his enemy. e
Bevarian's head was also done up in band-
Aces and he said his wounds were worse
than those of the other man.

he two were in a>safoon at 54 First
Avenue late on Friday night, and got into
81 argument about the war in the Far East.
The Bavarian said the Japs ought to win,
fd that he would help them if he could.
As he couldn't get to Manchuria he was
re ug to lick the first Russian he could
nd in this country.

Schrolka told him to begin on him, and
the two went at it and were put out of the
place. They continued the fight on the
sidewalk.

_ The Russian walked into the Fifth street
Station early yesterday morning and asked
for medical ‘attendance. He told about
the fight after the ambulance surgeon
dressed his wounds,

The Bavarian was found badly done up
at Broadway and 100th street later, and
was arrested, He said in court that he
wanted to make a counter charge against
the Russian and the case was put over until
to-morrow to have witnesses in court.

{‘ morning when

 

RESENTED INSULTS. TO WOMEN.

Robertson Struck a Special Cop, but
Magistrate Lets Him Go.

Ross Robertson, who lives in the Miller
Building, at Sixty-fifthstreet and Broadway,
was arraigned yesterday in the West Side
police court on the complaint of William
Anderson of 216 East Ninety-ninth street,
who is employed at the building as a special
officer. Anderson had Policeman Sayer
of the West Sixty-eighth street station
arrest Robertson, alleging that he had
assaulted him on Friday night and called
him names.

“Sure, I did,” said Robertson, when he
was arraigned. “He insulted two young
women in the building on Wednesday night
and they chased him away with a broom.
Last night he was trying to see them again
and I kicked him out and told him that he
was a loafer. If that is an assault I did it,
all right.”

The young women, Bertha Walter of 319
West Forty-seventh street, and Mary Sinack
of 503 East Sixth street, wereincourt. They
corroborated the prisoner's story.

“You are honorably discharged,” an-
nounced Magistrate Cornell. “If I were
you, I would see the Police Commissioner
about this special policeman. In my opin-
ion he had no right to have you arrested.”

CARNEGIE SET NO LIMIT.

Teohnical Schools of Pittsburg May Use
as Many Millions as They Need.

Pitrsxura, March 19.—Arthur A. Hamer-
schlag, director of the Carnegie technical
schools, when asked to-day where Mr. Car-
negie intended to place the $5,000,000 which
the latter intimated that he would bestow
upon some institution before going to Scot-
land, said:

“I do not know anything about an en-
dowment of $5,000,000. I did not go to New
York to see Mr. Carnegie about money
for the technical schools here, Mr. Carnegie
has not limited the committee to any amount.
He has not said whether he would donate
$5,000,000 or $20,000,000. He has given the
committee oarte blanche to use as many
millions of dollars aa they see fit to expend.

“We have not quite agreed how the build-
ings should be erected. Some figured on
buildings to contain the students who
should come in five years, others ten years,
and so on. The trustees will meet next
Tuesday, when Mr. Carnegie’s opinion will
be heard. Mr. Carnegie has told us to go
ahead and he will stand the expense.”

CARNEGIE SAILS WITH A PUN

On Speculating and Remaining “Unsullied”
—Sully, See?

Andrew Carnegie, his wife and his daugh-
ter Margaret sailed yesterday for Cher-
bourg aboard the American liner St. Paul.
He will spend apn on the Continent and
will then go to Skibo Castle.

He had nothing to say about a report
that he had given $5,000,000 to the Carnegie
Institute at Pittsburg. This remark about
the cotton failure is attributed to Mr.
Carnegie by several persons with whom he
talked more freely than he did with report-
ers;

“A yo man who plunges in stocks
may nocoaed at first, but fe the end he can-
not remain unsullied.”

 

PRESIDENT ELIOT 70 TO-DAY.

Students Want to Celebrate His Birthday
—Harvard’s Head Still Vigorous.

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 19.—To-mor-
row President Charles William Eliot of
Harvard University will reach the age of
70 years. He has been the head of the
institute almost thirty-five years. The
graduates and etudents have been looking
forward eagerly to the day, despite the fact
that Dr. Eliot has declined to have any
publio function, like a banquet, in honor
to that event. A celebration appeals to
the people of the city who are not person-
ally identified with the college in any way.
Since his birthday falls on Sunday, most
of the observances will occur on Monday.

A member of the faculty spoke in very
decided terms of the great energy, both
mental and physical, which President
Eliot displays.

“He is really a young man,” said he, “and
carries his seventy years with much less

{ effort than do most men who are ten years

his junior. The reason for it is, I think, the
regular and vigorous life he leads. Every
the weather permits he
and Mrs. Eliot take a ride on their bicycles
before breakfast, being up and away be-
fore most of us laggards are awake.

“Dr. Eliot is also fond of walking, and of
all the milder sports as well. During the
summer, at North East Harbor, he is al-
most constantly on the water, and takes
delight in handling the tiller of a craft
while on a vacation from the tiller of Har-

vard,

“It will be remembered that he was a
member of one of the first Harvard crews-—
that of '58. Only six men sat inthe ‘varsity
boat then, and a portion of the old shell
is still preserved in the Haryard Union,
Altogether he is a remarkable man, and
every H. man is proud of him.

 

 

CONGRESSMEN SEE JAMESTOWN.

Exposition Company Will Ask for $3,000,-
000 to Hold Fair There.

Fort Monror, Va., March 19.—As the
guests of the Jarnestown Exposition Com-
pany a quorum of the House of Repre-
sentatives and many members of the Senate
visited to-day the spot where the first
English settlement in America was founded,
in 1607.

It is planned to commemorate the 800th
anniversary of the establishment of the
colony by holding here an international
fair, and the invitation to Congress to view
the site is the first move toward getting
an appropriation of $3,000,000 for the proj-
ect. A feature of the exposition is to be
the naval display in Hampton Roads.

Gen, Fitzhugh Lee, president of the
Exposition company, met the Congress-
men at Jamestown, accompanied them
on their trip about the ruins and returned
to the Newport News shipyard and the
navy yard at Norfolk, A banquet was
served at the Hotel Chamberlin to-night
to boom the Exposition.

 

 

The Weather.

Fair and spring -like weather settled over the
Atlantic States yesterday. It was falrin the North-
west and Rocky Mountain States. An area of
low pressure stretched over the country from
northern Texas to the Canadian maritime prov-
inces, with a moderate storm centre tn northern
Texas and another over the Lake regions. A belt
of cloudiness and scattered rains connected these
depressions, and in the Lake regions there was 4
general fall of rain and snow; the heaviest was
in Michigan, The temperature was higher, except
{n the Northwest and Central Rocky Mountain
States. It was again 2 degrees below zero In North
Dakota; freezing weather, however, was confined
to the extreme Northern States.

It should be warmer and somewhat cloudy to-
day in this city. Yesterday was falr and warmer;
wind fresh southwest to southeast; average hu-
midity, 61 per cent.; barometer, corrected to read
to sea level, at 8 A. M., 90.04; 3 P. M., 30,02,

The temperature yesterday as recorded by the

‘clal thermometer js shown In the annexed table:

 

1908. | 1903,
41°, 6P.M... 51°
45°; OP. M...... 52°
65°}12 Mid....... 62°

 

WASH INGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW,

For castern New York, fair to-day and colder in
the tntertor; fair to-morrow; fresh west to northwest
winds.

For New England, fair to-day, preceded by
showers on the coast; fair and colder to-morrow;
fresh to brisk south shifting to west winds.

For Maryland and Virginia, fair and colder to-
day; increasing cloudiness to-morrow, fresh west
winds.

For Delaware and the District of Columbla, fair
and colder to-day; fair to-morrow; fresh west winds,

For eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey, fair
to-day and colder in north portions; fair to-morrow;
fresh west to northwest winds. '

For western New York, fair and colder to-day;
fair to-morrow; fresh west winds, :

   

   

      
  
 

    
  

      
   
   
  

 
    
 

quiet refinement and

 

Furniture in the
Hey of Simplicity—

offers a beautifully consistent theme in the
furnishing of the Country Dwelling.

Toward this end we have ‘“‘built up” our
exhibit of Bedroom Furniture in white
enamel, wherein the Bureaux—Chests cf
Drawers— Tables for writing or the toilet—
and Chairs offer a charming scheme for

Grand Rapids Furniture
Company

(Incorporated)

34th Street, West, Nos. 155-157

“MINUTE FROM BROADWAY."

7 r ~

 
     
  
   

perfect taste.

 

ment of which some may think but nobedy
speaks, and in plain truth the Czar'’s ally,

ST, PETERSBURG GALM IN WAR

DUKE AND PEASANT GO THEIR
WAYS UNEXCITED.

Feudal! Spirit Shown tn the Free Intercourse
Between the Nobility and the Masses
—Simplicity of the Royal Family as
They Drive in Streets of the Capital.

From a Staff Correspondent.

Sr. Preterssvra, March §8.—Fronting
the long, silent Winter Palace—imperial
in its constant display of the double eagle,
scrolled black on the red stone of the build-
ing and gilt on the fence of iron railings—
is a crescent of Government offices, thelr
faces washed in dull ochre, and almost as
silent as the yellow palace itself. It is
from one of these offices that Russia is pre-
paring her land campaign in the Far East.

Nobody goes out of his way to look at
the door. Generals in light gray  fur-
lined cloaks pass in and out of the head-
quarters of the General Staff; uniformed
messengers fetch and carry; and bureau-
crats—“chenovnik,” they call them, the
enormously significant element in this
city—go their ways with precise steps and
pursed lips, clad in black tight-buttoned
coats and clasped to their sides the in-
evitable leather portfolio, But the million
or two civilians who make their living
here take no heed of it all.

Fifteen degrees below zero is not con-
ducive, it is true, to the comfort of a stand-
ing crowd, but the occupants of the scores
of sleighs which skim across the sunlit
snow of this government crescent, proceed
as if the great affairs preparing so near
them were somebody else’s business. So
it is at the central telegraph office. Last
night, when the allotted tabloid of official
information was served out to a hungering
world, there was apparently no appetite.
The typewritten telegram was pinned in
its glass case without any surging crowd
to devour its contents. Messengers from
the local newspapers copied it and the
foreign correspondents got their trans-
lators to interpret its weird Slavonic charac-
ters. It is not that Russian people are
indifferent to what is going on, but rather
that immemorial experience has taught
them that official information is something
prepared for their consumption, and they
have grown cynical.

When the great fighting is on they may
strike each other awake and become vigi-
lant to know what is going on. To-day
they are jo; ging along the accustomed
track and the writer who says otherwise
is one with the scores of correspondents
who have come to this country determined
to make their readers’ flesh creep when
they get their books published, and who
have deliberately set outto produce the
effects they know would tell, even though
they failed to find any material to justify
them.

In the street life of St. Petersburg the
dominant note is still the patriarchal.
Sleigh driver and Grand Duke, they are
alla family. Two officers go for a spin ina
drosky down the Nevski Prospekt. They
laugh and joke together; the driver sees an
opening and joins in the talk, and all three
set to laughing. He will do the same if he
is driving great ladies of the ruling houses,
and nobody dreams of resenting it. Feudal-
ism, with its inexpressible freemasonry, is
behind it all. The owner of great estates
would as soon think of “cutting” the greet-
ings of a humble moujik, as centuries ago
a feudal Baron would reject the conversa-
tion of @ retainer.

Rather the other way; for the patrician
element here counts it good form to show a
genial fellowship with its coachmen. There
is a rather terrible side to this sort of thing.
Three able-bodied men will turn up at any
moment to do some trifling service to a
man ata hotel or in a restaurant where one
or more would suffice in another country,
They all expect tips, and from their country-
men they get them. It really seems the old
idea of scattering largess among the popu-
lace at large a8 a tribute to one's own lordli-
ness. The more a man of the nobleman
cast looks as if he could not afford it, the
more he insists on handing out tips to show
his station, even if he have to go hungry
at home,

By this process about 20,000 highly
skilled loafers are doing very well in St.
Petersburg to-day. There is one who
keeps an eye on coats and hats at a hotel
near here who owns streets of real estate
inthe suburbs and takes his wife and family
every summer to Trouville for the season,
In most directions the proletarian Russian
who lives in this capital displays a genuine
aversion to systematic work of the artisan
kind. The little sons of poor parents
nurse the ambition to be some day droschke
drivers. As there are over 18,000 of these
worthies licensed in St. Petersburg, it is a
considerable calling.

If his governmental system makes him
the most absolute head of a State in Chris-
tendom, the Czar is personally the least
assuming monarch imaginable. His chil-
dren drive in a pair-horse open carriage
down the Nevski with their governess
about 3 o'clock every afternoon. Coach-
man and footman wear No livery, merely
the black hat and long drab coat usual in
a private citizen's equipage. The Czar's
mother with her lady in waiting were driv-
ing yesterday in a pair-horse sleigh not
distinguishable from any other good turn-
out but for the great bearded Cossack
standing guard behind them. And the
Dowager Czarina, by the habit of the coun-
try and the code of the Greek Orthodox
Church, comes before the Czarina in every
form of influence and precedence.

The Czarewich cons.antly uses his
private droschke unattended cn busy
sireets, and looks a much robusier man
physically and mentally than his imperial
brother. This unescorted passing about
amceng the people cf members of the Czar's
family is not what common report would
lead the foreigner to expect here. On
the footwalk there are, of course, secret
service men every few yards and all day.
They, alone, are about to counter the move-

 

|
'
{
basco, Buena Vista, Palo Alto and

the French President, moves among the
public with more display of his high office
than the Czar does here.

So it is through the governing houses,
Kouropatkin takes morning walking exer-
cise with one aide-de-camp on the Nevski,
and nobody turns to look twice. When
another General on the imperial staff yes-
terday afternoon came out of the head-
quarters bureau, wrapped in a thousand

ruble fur cleak, he found himself up against |

two plain clothes porters, each clasping
the handle of a big busketful of books
and old papers, passing from one door to
the other. They jostled on unmindful
of him, and to pags he had to step off the
footwalk into the deeper snow.

In Washington or London they would
surely have got out of the way as a matter
of course. In Berlin they would as surely
have gone to prison for a month if they
did not move. Here the General stepped
aside merely because they were carrying
a basket load and he was not.

With all the alternations of indifference
and unbelief and speculation in abstract
ideas—which is the hobby of the poor stu-
dent class—-no resident from the outer
world could call “Holy Russia” a mis-
nomer. At Wirballen, the passport col-
lecting and customs examination depot a
hundred yards inside Russia from the Ger-
man frontier, the first feature of the bag-
gage inspection hall 13 a great {kon with
candles burning before it, set on the wall

with its back to the western world and ite |

face to Holy Russia. Another surmounts
the lamppost in the middle of the sta-
tion
So it is here. The site of the Kazan
Cathedral in the Nevski Prospect about
corresponds to Grace Church in Broad-
way—it faces on the main street at a
thronged shopping quarter. Droschke
drivers crawl to and fro past it for a fare,
and each one as he passes doffs his fur
cap and crosses himself energetically
from his brow to his waist.
a score of times a day, but he salutes the
cathedral every time. The driver who
has a fare considers presumably that works

are as good as faith, for he often omits |

the observance that he would keep if he
were not earning money, Foot passen-
gers do the same, and the most devout
are the big, simple, bearded men that you
would call “hayseeds.”

This display of religious feeling is the real
thing; it is no mere ceremonial attached to

or any other word for the worship of graven
images--but it has hold of humbler Russia,
and M. Pobedonostzeff, procurator of the
Holy Synod, is its director here. This
hater of modernity has the right sort of
material for his incessant round of ritual
to the exclusion of anything approaching
science in theo manumitted serf character,
and it permeates 90 per cent. of the popu-
lation.

The forefathers of Russia's millions

wandered westward from the banks of the
Hindoo Koosh a few centuries later than
the peoples who are now mostly ranged on
the side of their present foe. And the
critics might do well to think thernselves
back over these few centuries, if they are
tounderstand many of theideas that obtain
in Russia to-day.

OLD SCOUT GILBERT DYING.

Served Under Sam Houston and All Through
the Civil War.

SaLeM, Mass., March 19.—Charles W.
Gilbert, hero of many battles with Indians
and former scout with Buffalo Bill and
Capt. Sam Houston, is fatally ill at hishome
here, The old scout was born in Methuen,
but his parents moved to the Middle West
when he was only 2 years old. They spent
much of their time in Chicago, but the boy
was uneasy and finally ran way from home.
He was 12 years old when he left his parents,
and for a long time they heard nothing
from him.

When at last a letter did arrive, it told
the anxious father that his missing boy was
fighting with the Texas Rangers and was
also a scout for Sam Houston. In 1848
Gilbert returned to Massachusetts and in-
tended to settle down in the quiet town of
Rockport for the rest of his life. Farming
was too slow for him, however, so ne re-
turned to the West and joined Buffalo Bill
in scout duty. He remained with Cody
for five years and once more returned to
New England with the idea of living a less
strenuous life.

On the return journey Gilbert met Win-
field Scott and Zachary Taylor, and they
presented to him a gold medal for bravery
shown in the frontier warfare. Twice he
had been wounded by Indians, once being
hit by a tomahawk and at another time
being shot in the leg from ambush. The
medal again awoke the memories of the
lively times on the plains, and for the third
time Gilbert sought the West. On this trip
he entered the service under “Wild Bill”
Hickok, a descendant of Ethan Allen, and
remained with him until the outbreak of
the civil war. Then he came back to Massa-
chusetts and enlisted in Company G, First
Massachusetts Heavy Artillery. He re-
mained at the front until hostilities ceased
nee on to Salem, where he has since
ived.

He received medals for pre rery, at Ta-

ttsyl-
vania and letters from President Lincoln
and Gen. Grant.

Plays by Smith College Alumnm.

The Smith College Alumnw of New York
city are to give three one-act plays on the
afternoon and evening of March 26, at Car-
negie Lyceum. The plays are: “Nance
Oldfield,” “Gringoire,” and Act I. of “The
Romancers,” by Edmond Rostand, The
performance {s to raise money for the Smith
Students’ Aid Society, which makes loans
to students in the three upper classes.

 

Pittsburg Orchestra Raises 884,000.

PITTSBURG, March 19.—The Pittsburg
Orchestra committee issued a statement
this evening that $34,000 had been sub-
scribed unconditionally by 108 persons for
the continuance of an orchestra. As $40,000
is necessary, the committee will keep the
list open a few days longer. The commit-
tee secured options to-day on the services
of 50 per cent. of the players for next season,
the options expiring April 10.

 

He may pass |

an ethical code of conduct; it is blind, un- |
shakable faith—you may call it idolatry |

pee
my:

; “ 0, 19 i 4.

 

Broadway. - |

 

SUITS FOF
Value $28 to $42.

A series of the
distinctive

|
|

Value $7.50

tailored and lace

Peau-de-Cygne,

which we know.

 

|

 

 

|
}
'

Regularly $1.00

|
|
|
|

latest and most
Spring models
Blouse, Eton and Coat effects of
Cheviot, Panama cloth, Venetian,
or Scotch Mannish Fabrics in an
extensive variety of colors.
the most part they are liberally
trimmed with braid or silk.

Silk Waists for Women.
SPECIAL FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY

Street and Evening Waists in a large variety of this season's
trimmed effects. The fabrics include Crepe de Chene,
Fancy Taffeta in checks and
Japanese Silks in all the new spring colors, as well as white or black.

For Spring and Summer wear, we maintain a variety of Waists which is second to none of
As an indication of our disposition relative to the new and novel effects,
we invite your attention to those of lace, chiffon, net, crepe de chene, Liberty, Japanese and
Pongee silks and imported wool batiste. You will find them not only clever, but to your taste.

High Grade Shoes for Women.

FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY

Peau-de-Soie,

Formerly $3.50 and $4

Shoes of patent ideal kid with dull mat kid tops, imperial vici kid, or lighe
weight velour, with self or patent leather tips.
soles; military, Louis XV. or the very newest Cuban heels ;
blucher models ; sizes 2 to 8, widths AA to EB, though not in every style.

Regularly 75c to 89c.

Perfect in weave and color.
may have in any color as well as black or white---regular price 85c.
lard, 24 inches wide, either printed or twilled, includes a full variety of colors and
a well selected collection of designs---regular price 75c. and 89c.

Voile and Eolicnne Dress Fabrics.
AND TUESDAY
There are three thousand

Saks & Company Gea] ]
FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY WE PRESENT 7
A Most Important Sale of

Tailored Suits for Women and Misses |
At an Average Price Concession of One-third. I

price concessions---earn for this sale the distinction of being the most important which -
gur department has yet presented.

FOR WOMEN.

At $21.50

in
brown,

For

trimming.

 

 

 

Crepe de Chene and Foulard Dress Silks.

FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY
The Crepe de Chene, which is 24 inches wide, you

 

FOR MONDAY

The logical fabrics for the new season's gowns.
yards of Silk-and-Wool Eoliennes, 44 in. wide, in soft evening shades, and fine
French Voile, 42 in. wide, in a full range of colors as well as black or white.

 

We have just received the Latest Paris Styles of

C/B a la Spirite Corsets

|
! $3.50 and $3.75 the pair.
!

QUR COURSE PAINS RUSSIA,

COUNCILLOR OF STATE SORRY
FOR OUR ATTITUDE.

 

Russia Preferred Our Friendship to That
of Germany and France—Was Willing
to Give Us Any Commercial Advantages

| Whatever That We Could Have Asked.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Sr. PerersspurG, March 19.--A leading
' member of the Council of State, in con-
versation with the correspondent of 'HE
| Sun to-day, explained that the chief con-
| sideration governing Russia's foreign policy
divided friendship of America, compared
| with which the friendships of Germany
{ and France were a subordinate considera-
i tion.
| Russia can never understand, the Council-
! lor said, why America has gone back on
| her. If she had approached Russia in the
| right way she would never have the least
| trouble in getting anything she required.
| She could have controlled all the markets
she wished, in preference to Germany and
| England, who were America’s real com-
| petitors. He expressed surprise that
| America maintains her confidence in these
| nations in preference to Russia, who recog-
nized that nobody could handle the markets

of the Orient as well as the Americans.

Anything, he again asserted, could have
| been accomplished if the Americans had
' gaid plainly what they wanted and left
| England out of the question. The main
thing which created all the mischief was
{that the Americans allowed themselves
| to be led by the English. Russia, he said,

had now no alternative but to conquer

the Far East, rule the whole of Manchuria,

| reestablish Corea as an independent em-
| pire and open Corean markets to the world.
It was infinitely to be regretted, said t) e

Councillor, that America and Russia, who

ought to be the greatest friends, should
| have separated over the question of mar-
| kets. This was no question at all, so far as
Russia was concerned, as she is not a com-
petitor with American products,

The Councillor Jet it be understood that
Russia is still seeking a separate under-
standing with America, but that the latter
country hes disregarded her overtures.

 

Concert for the Stranded French Singers.

Heinrich Conried, manager of the Met-
ropolitan Opera House, has offered the
use of his house for a concert to be given
next Tuesday evening for the benefit of
the stranded chorus and musicians of the
French Grand Opera Company.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Judgments of absolute divorces were granted
esterday by Justice Truax to Christopher C. WIl-
lams from Naomi Willlams, and to Thomas E.
Williams from Sadie Williams.

| was an earnest wish for the loyal and un- |

 

|
|

 

This is the corset universally endorsed and recommended by dressmakers as the
one which will insure the most perfect fit to a garment.
variety of materials—Batiste, Brocades and Coutil—at $1.00, $1.50, $1.75, $2.50,
We can promise each and every figure a perfect fitting
corset and exceptionally good value at these prices.

 

  

JEWELRY THIEF CAUGHT.
Bailey, Who Pretended to Be a Window
Cleaner, Confesses to 61,500 Theft,

Joseph Bailey, 21 years old, of 821 West
Forty-ninth street, who has been going
around in the guise of a window cleaner
and carrying off loose valuables, was picked
up in East Fifty-sighth street yesterday
by Policeman Keller of the East Fifty-
first street station,

On Feb. 16 Mrs. Maria Reute of 160 East
Sixty-third street missed $1,500 worth of
jewelry after letting a man in to clean
her windows. She gave the police a good
description of the man and his window
cleaning apparatus.

Keller saw Bailey going into houses on
Fifty-eighth street applying for window
cleaning jobs and took him in on a chance.
At the station house Bailey confessed to
robbing Mrs. Reute and told where some
of the jewelry could be found.

He was locked up on a charge of grand
larceny, while the police started on a hunt
for the loot.

Decorators and Exhibits From Parts.

Twenty decorators from Paris who are
going to the St. Louis Exposition and about
thirty French exhibitors got here yester-
day aboard La Savoie, from Havre. with
a large consignment of exhibits.

The two big twin evrews of the French
Line, La Savoie and La Lorraine, now
have uniformed bands aboard whose only
duty is to make music. On the German
liners the bands are usually made up of
Stewards and others of the ships' crews

 

A bottle of it kept at home

insures a quick-acting
tive for sudden illness.

John Jameson

pe RK,
Irish Whiskey
Oittimes it proves to be the

“Ounce of Prevention” in ward-
ing off chills or weakness,

restora-

 

 

PERSONAIS.
Ann nnn
MORPHINE, OPIUM, LAUDANUM, COCAINE
babii; myself cured; will Inform you of harimiess,
rmanent, home cure. Mre BALDWIN, bos
212, Chicago.

 

 

HANDSOME AMERICAN LADY, without kith
or kin, and worth $46,000, wants sincere, honest
husband. Address LOWE, 201 Clinton st., Chicago.

MIDDLE-AGED BUSINESS MAN, very wealthy,
sober and reliable, wants good, industrious wife.
Address Mr. ANDRE, 85 Hudson av,, Chieago.

LADLES—When in need send for free trial of our
never failing remedy. Relief sure and quick.
PARIS CHEMICAL OO., Milwaukee, Wis.

 

 

   

Va.ue $19.50 and $22.50. At $12.75

New Box Coat and Eton models
of Cheviot
and Scotch Fabrics
quite a variety of fancy patterns
in the light Spring colors.
silk braid

lined. Sizes 14, 16 and 18.

Hand sewed welt or turned

  
 
 

 

 

  

 

  
 
  
   
   
   
 

  

or
in

black,

in blue,

Fancy
is employed for the
The coats are silk

models of

        
 

stripes, and

 
       
       
    

At $2.35

      
  
    

lace, button, of

   
   

    

At 58c.

      
 

The

Fou-

 
     
 

 

   

At 68c.

 
   
     
 

 

    
    

We have the models in a

     
 
    
   

 

DIED.

COWPERTH'WAITE.—At Ormond, Florida, on
Thuradey, March 17, 1904, Margaret Moore, be-
loved wife of Montgomery B. Cowperthwaite
and daughter of the late John C. and Margaret
Moore. :

Funeral services private, at her late residence,
N. Broadway, Yonkers, N. Y., on Monday,
March 21.

DEYO.—At Newburg, N. Y., March 18, 1901, Emma
Frances Coney, wife of John Deyo, M. D,
Funera) services will be held at her late residenoe,
116 1st street, Newburg, on Sunday, Marob
20,at2 P.M. Interment Cedar Hill Cemetery.

KITTEL.—On Wednesday morning, March 16,
1904, at his’ residence, Riverside Drive and
122d street, Joseph J. Kittel, aged 53 years.

Funeral services will be held Monday, March 21,
at 10:30 A. M., at his late residence. Intere
ment private.

LAWRANCE.--On March 18, at Pau, France, after
a brief tliness, Francis Cooper Lawrance, Jf«.
in the 46th year of his age.

MORRIS.—At his residence, 89 Park av., Bloom-
Held, N. J., on Saturday, March 19, 1904, Joseph.
Crowell Morris, in his 67th year.

Funeral services at the First Presbyterian Chureh
of Bloomfield, on Monday, March 21, on age
rival of 2:10 train from Barclay and Christophe?
sts, D., L. & W. RR.

MORRIS.—On Thursday, March 17, at his resideno@,
108 East 73d st., Moreau Mortis, M. D.

Funeral services at St. James's Church, Madtsom
ay. and 7ist st,, on Monday, March 21 at 10
A.M.

PERKINS.—At Morristown, N. J., on Saturday,
March 19, 1004, Mirlam Catharine, daughter
of the late Francis and Mirlam Walay Perkins,
aged 66 years.

Funeral services at the Church of the Assump-
tion, on Monday, March 21, at 10:30. ‘

SOUTHERLAND.—Suddenly, on March 17, 1904
of pneumonia, at Hampton Terrace, Augusta,
Ga., Almira Hanks, wite of A. l. Southerland
and daughter of the late Andrew *. Stout,

Funeral services will be held at the Madison
Avenue M. FE. Church, corner of O0th st. and
Madison av., ou Sunday, March 2, 1904, as
2:30 P. M.

VAN. SYCKLE.—Suddenly, at Atlant!e City, on
Saturday, March 19, Joseph Runyon Van
Syckle,in his Suth year. Residence, 249 Jeffer-
son av., Brooklyn.

Notice of funeral hereafter. Jersey City papers
please copy. x

ere er ne rn ra

CEMETERIES.

| Great Pinelawn Cemetery,2315 Acres.—\'ndertak-
ers and sextons should luvestigate, 25 Broad st.,N.Y.

 

 

nN
ES

Be Not Deceived.
MY ONLY PLACE OF BUSINESS IS
8TH AV, AND 19TH ST.

My Only Tet. |3! Chelsea.

Rev. Stephen Merritt,
Undertaker,

P. W. Radcliffe,
GPRNERAL MANAGER.

 

 

       
   
         
 

RELIGIOUS NQTICES.

RRA AAR AAR AA tn nnn ne ney

ALL ANGELS’ CHURCH,

West End av. and>
Gist ot.—Stainer's “Crucifiaton,” 4 M.

Pr.

     

At $5.00 |