4)

|

   

 

teresting Russian missionary is
just now, Bishop Innocent
» of the Orthodox Church, who
ain his charge. He is stopping
f the Greek Church in East
nth street. A SUN reporter
to obtain an account of his

 
  
     

Ninety 86"
called on him

_A. Hotovitzky, archpriest
he church, took THE Sun's

sentatives through the church and
iN m throug) a side door into the rectory
ie a winding flight of stairs into a big,
a n-furnished room, where in a flood of
Sain light sat Bishop Innocent Pus-

i Bishop was gowned in the reception
robe of his Church, a golden brown satin,
which fell in long classic folds about his
tall, massive figure. His hair is long and
eurly and 60 is his beard. In both the
isunlight seems to have become hopelessly

| 1.

ee his neck hung a heavy chain to
which was attached a large miniature of
(he Virgin with a frame of beaten gold,
iIn his hand he carried a small rosary. He
American badge, that of some

wore an ‘
order of which he was made

benevolent
a member.
“You should have your portrait painted
in that gown,” Says the interviewer with an
irrelevant, feminine and artistic impulse.
The Bishop looked as if he did not know
whether to be amused, reproachful or hu-

Wee

BISHOP INNOCENT PUSTINSKY.

man.
three, Just the faintest tinge of surprise
was in his gray-blue eyes as he said slowly,
in his halting English, which he understands |
much better than he speaks: |

“I have never had my portrait painted
by any one. Nothing but photographs.”

 

BISHOP PUSTINSKY TELLS OF HIS WORK
IN ALASKA AND OF THE OUTBURST
OF PATRIOTISM IN RUSSIA

pees a

He apparently decided to be alt | “Part of the trip is made by steamer,
| part by rail—a little part—some of it by

 

“You are going——?”
“I ain on my way to Alaska, where I
hope to apend the remainder of my life,
{ am what is called a missionary Bishop
and have the whole of Alaska as well as
the thousand Aleutian Islands in my charge,
I am head of the Church there. I have
forty missionary priests under my care.”

“Do you know the country—the life
there?”

“I was there once about eight years ago
asa missionary priest myself. I acquainted
myself then thoroughly with the wild,
strange life and am prepared by experience
for all the hardships that I expect to face.”

“The Klondike craze had begun?”

Again the voice of the archpriest, like
a Greek chorus, reminded the questioner
of the Bishop's calling.

“The Bishop,” he said, “is not interested
in the gold for which so many thousands
of men have thrown away their lives in
those northern snows; he is interested only
in the gold of the future life.”

Father Hotovitzky added a detail which
Bishop Pustinsky would probably have
omitted. It related to the dangers en-
countered in the missionary diocese,

“Two of the Bishops who have been sent
out there,” he said, “have been drowned,
It is part of the Bishop's duty to visit every
part of his diocese at least once a year,
You can have no conception of the tre-
mendous hardship that such journeyings
imply.

 

sledges drawn by dogs and the hardest
part of all in the canoes made of skins,
only large enough for two or three persons
to sit in. They are propelled by oars and
the sitters are protected from the waves

The archpriest recalled the interviewer | by the construction of the top of the boat,
to the fact that this was not a visit to a} which is made to fit about them rather

worldly person by saying,

“The Bishop desires only to be portyayed |
in the hearts of his parishioners.” |

The Bishop looked as if he was not. abso-
lutely sure on this point, but the inter-
viewer took the hint, and began:

 

 

HARDLY A BIT AMERICANIZED,
AND NOT LIKELY TO BE.

The Treatment of Americanos in City and
Country—Remnant of the Spantsh
Aristocracy-—-What Road Building Is
Doing for the Island—#totned Sugar

' Mills and Thetr True Significance.

Whoever goes to Havana expecting to
find an Americanized city will be disap-
pointed. ‘ The Americans have cleaned
Havana and paved it, and parked it, but
they have not Americanized it. Indeed,

* Inany of those parts of the city on which

the Americans have left their strongest
{mprint are to-day most characteristically
Cuban.

The Malecon, the beautiful park at the
emirance of the harbor, directly opposite
Morro Castle, was built by Americans. It
was planned and laid out by Americans,
but the Cubans have adopted it for their
own, and it is to-day the centre of the typi-
cal native atmosphere of the city. It is the
rendezvous of all Havana, and the Ameri-
can Visitor would no more think of it as
Alnerican than he would think of so clas-
sifying Morro Castle.

Havana does not want to be American-
ized. It likes its last-century ways. It likes
its perilously narrow streets and narrower
sidewalks, It likes its naked brown babies,
and it does not object very seriously to its
Mosquitoes, It looks on the American in-
vader, if not with disfavor, at least with
indifference. It does not cater to him at all.
It goes serenely on its way as it has for the
last century or two, and the American can
take it or leave it, just as he likes. Havana
does not care,

It is a surprise to the visitor to find how
little English is spoken in the city, and
furthermore how little the people care ap-
parently whether they speak it or not.
Whether in the noisy cluttered up stalls of
the market square, or in the neat, fashion-
able, funny little shops of Obispo street,
the shopkeepers are perfectly indifferent to
the tourist and his dollars.

The shops are all small, and most of them

tell ona article exclusively. A man will buy |

his linen in one shop, his neckties in an-
Other and his underelothes in a third, while
& Woman would never dream of buying her
hosiery and ribbons in the same place, Per-
haps half a dozen shops in the city have
| frreliah-epeaking clerks. In the others,
you can see what you want and point to
| * You may succeed in getting it. Otherwise
all you will get is a crowd,
,teantime the proprietor, and this whether
| '@ shop is in Market square or Obispo
| “treet, will puff a cigarette, chat with a

|

| closely.”

“It is a very hard life—very hard,” the
Bishop said, “but it interests me. I feel
that there is my home—my work that is
laid out for me. Many of the Bishops
‘ who have been sent out there have been

  

  

 

 

recalled after a while and promoted to high
places when they returned to Russia asa
reward for the sacrifices that they have
undergone.

“I could be recalled if I desired in a few
years, but I should like to stay there till
the end. I want to finish my life and my
work there~among the poor islanders
and native people who are so much in need
of my care.”

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 20,

 

OS Nae 295) Fafa

Pre oN wre RS er
rey i oes Ee

  

 

 

 

be looked out for. There are many, many
missions there and much poverty and
distress, Then Russia itself~think of the
enormous country, some of it poverty
stricken, needing all the help that it can
get. Russia, the Church, does all that it
can for us in Alaska, but we have to depend
greatly on our own efforts,

“The people in the United States are most

| generous, although you will see that we

THE BISHOP’ TELLS OF MISSIONARY WORK IN ALASKA.

 

“Are they so wretched?”

“You can have no idea. They are starv-
ing—starving. Dying by hundreds in those
out of the way places. The hunger and
cold are killing them.

“You see, since 1867—was it? when Russia
gave up Alaska?—the resources of the
people there have steadily fallen away.
Before that there were the seal fisheries,
skins, furs, general fisheries; but now,
little by little, these are dying out and the
people, without intelligance enough to
emigrate and find homes for themselves
elsewhere, have nothing left them but a
terrible death.

“I am speaking now, you understand,
of the native Indians and the creoles, the
mixture of the white race with the Indians;
these people who inhabit the islands and
the out of the way parts of Alaska,

“No, the Greek Church is not the only
church that has missionaries in the field,
But you must remember that for vears and
years the territory of Alaska belonged to
Russia, and the love of the Greek Church
seems to be implanted by heredity and
habit as well as by natural love in most of
the inhabitants in my new home.

“How am [ treated by the natives?

“I am treated like a god. I think a great
many of them believe that the Bishop who
comes to them really is a god. You see
they are, some of them, little more than
children, than animals, they are so primitive
and so simple.

“Often 1 come to a village where there is
not really a single intelligent person. Ihave
to take them food, to give them medicine,
to help them in every possible way.

“In return my word seems to be looked
on like that of the Supreme Being. I try
to explain the difference, but it is difficult
to reach their stunted comprehension.”

“Does the Church in Russia look out for
you there financially? Does it send regular
contributions for the support of the missions
in Alaska?”

“You will understand that Russia has
many missions to support. Siberia is to

| friend and amile amiably and uncompre- ‘In the houses, in the drawing room cars

CUBA AND HAVANA TO-DAY. | hendingly at your desperate efforts to! on the railroads, in the theatres, in all the

| make him understand what you are talk-

ing about. He will be beautifully polite,
but he will make no effort to ascertain your
wants

Though Havana may be merely polite
to Americans, the country districts are
overpowering in their cordiality. They
realize keenly what the United States has
done for Cuba, and they make the humblest

 

cafés; in fact, everywhere in Cuba, with
the possible exception of the churches,
the weed is ever present. The Cuban never

| smokes a pipe, and much more often a

' cigarette than a cigar.

 

|
|

Americans and
workingmen smoke cigars. Fastidious
gentlemen prefer the little brown cigarette,
which, however, is as strong as any ordinary
cigar. Waiters in the cafés would consider

| it a curtailment of their liberty if they were

citizen from the States the recipient of |

|

'

| their unbounded gratitude. The form
taken by the expression of this ‘gratitude

| is sometimes a little embarrassing to 4
undemonstrative man. The moment an

Americano comes in sight of one of the

funny little palm Robinson Crusoe houses

the whole family, including the little bare
brown babies, and the dogs, tumble dut to
| assist in the welcome. The stranger rides
| up in the midst of a pandemonium of bark-
ing, violent Spanish and frantic hand-
waving.

To refuse entertainment is to offer an
affront, an insult, to the entire family.
Coffee is the first thing offered on all occa-
sions, a coffee so mysterious in concoction
and so awful in result that the American
shudders over it, while the Cuban smacks

his lips.’ If the coffee is refused there is
much scurrying around and more violent
language while something is being found
| worthy to be offered to so distinguished a
| guest.

The best thing an American can do at
this juncture is to suggest something quick
and get away. Otherwise the commotion
will continue indefinitely, and he will be
quite helpless with a Cuban on each side
of his horse talking at a rate that defies
interruption.

Suggesting courtesies, though, some-
times leads to even more embarrassing
predicaments. A New York man riding
through the country stopped at a palm
house for a drink of water, and was met
with the usual overwhelming reception.
He finally instructed his guide to tell the
people that if they had any ripe bananas
he would be glad to accept some. Imme-
diately the wildest excitement prevailed.
The whole family, big and little, old and
young, dashed for the banana patch, some
distance from the house. Presently they
came forth again, beaming every one, the
leaders laden with two huge bunches of
green bananas. Each bunch was something
like three feet long, but the donors would
hear no denial, and gazed with perfect
satisfaction as the man rode away with
a bunch dangling on each side of his saddle.

“You can smoke anywhere in Cuba.”
That is the never failing answer to the
never feiling-question of/the newcomer.

 

not permitted to smoke while they are
serving.

Even in the best hotels in Havana the
waiters smoke while on duty, only removing
the cigarette when they are really serving,
and always leaving it in a convenient place,
where it may be reached again when a
moment's cessation of duty permits a solac-
ing puff or two, The drivers of the public
carriages always keep their smoking
materials in one of the carriage Jamps.
They are very good natured about it, and
if their patron is apparently lacking a weed
they will offer him one from thelr stook
with the greatest cordiality and will feel
injured if the favor is declined.

Cuban women do not smoke as much as
might be expected—the middle class women
not at all. The fashionable women enjoy
their cigarettes, and the lower class women
smoke the biggest, blackest cigars they
can lay their hands on. In Havana the
women smoke less than they do in the
country, where every little house has its
tobacco patch. When the leaves are cured
every member of the family rolls his own
cigars. A factory made cigar is a luxury
to be sought.

A party of Americans riding through a
country seldom visited by travellers was
surprised when, passing a native shack,
a large woman dashed out and began
talking rapidly to the native.guide. She
talked and gesticulated with equal energy,
evidently trying to persuade the man to
do something against his will. Finally, he
reluctantly took from his mouth his half
consumed cigar and as reluctantly handed
it to her. She seized it, put it in her
mouth and retired to the shack again,
perfectly satisfied.

Whatever may be the sentiments of the
few Spaniards remaining on the island
toward the republic, they are for the most
part discreet in the expression of their
views. There is in Havana, however, a
little group of the old Spanish set that the
Cubans seem to regard with pride rather
than with disapproval. They are all titled,
this little company, and they cling to the
privileges of their rank, even though the
wealth to sustain it is gone. They are
absclutely improvident, and are living,
‘with no thought of economy, on what rem-

 

 

 

|

 

 

)

oe a

ee

have not yet many large congregations;
so there is little coming in that way to
relieve the wretchedness. I wish that
people understood better how great, how
hopeless that poverty is—~—" |
“But your own salary?” |

 

 

THE INTERPRETER.

 

The Bishop shrugged his shoulders.

“l am a missionary Bishop, and that is
of little consequence. I have hardly a
foothold anywhere in the world. I say
that my home, that the cathedral residence,
as they call it, is in Sitka; but it is easily
gathered how little of my time is spent there
when you recall that I told you I had to
Visit ny enormous diocese, the far corners

nant of fortune may have been left them
from the war. When this is gone Cuba
will find herself with a penniless aristocracy
which she will be puzzled to know what
to do with,

They will not work, and the Cubansdo
not want them to. Not for worlds would
they miss the opportunity of pointing them
out with pride to every visitor, rolling
the titles unctuously on their tongues and
explaining with a doleful shake of the head,
or as nearly doleful as the joyous hearted
Cuban can accomplish, that “the republic
is hard on the poor Comtessa,.”

This relic of the “golden days” appears
in all its glory at the opera, for the Cuban
woman of fashion would more willingly sac-
riflee her right hand thana night ai the opera
during the season. ‘To their opera boxes
these survivors of a life that is past take their
superb jewels, their Parisian gowns, many
of them fashions of half a generation ago,
and their charming grace of manner, They
talk incessantly all evening, only pausing
to applaud the singer whom they have not
before noticed. After the performance
the whole audience, the fashionable part
of it, betakes itself to the Café Telegrafo,
adjoining, where at little tables almost
set out in the street they sip lemonade
or sherbet, and with much extravagant
gesture discuss the events of the evening,

A hot supper after the opera, or even the
serving of wine, is almost unknown. An
ice or a lemonade is the only thing that is
quite proper.

In spite of their gayety and their ever
ready smile, these women bear on their
faces the marks of the anxiety that their
careless manner and conversation deny.
They are not beautiful, any of them. They
are all too tired and worn and sad looking.
Similar disaster would have crushed women
of the Northern temperament. But these
women of the South forget their sorrows
in the pleasure of the moment, and treat
with an eloquent shrug and a sweep of the
hand every mention of the republic.

Only one who has been through the inter-
ior of ‘Cuba, away from the railroads and
the ordinary means of travel, can reallze
just how great was the Spanish wealth
dissipated by the war. Great flelds reach-
ing from horizon to horizon that were
planted in sugar are now a tangle of rank
grass; their richness untouched for ten
years, There is a ruined sugar mill in every
landscape. Often from an eminence half
a dozen of these ruins may be seen in a
single direction.

Bahia Honda, a village about fifty miles
west of Havana, was the centre of a rich
ugar growing country. The desolation
that visited it was great accordingly.
Scarcely a building was. left standing for
miles around, and not a stalit-of-cane was

1904.

 

| view.

 

as well as the more populous parte at least
once a year; more often if possible.

“No, I think little of the fact whether I
have any money personally or not, so long
as I have a little to give to them who need
it. What would I need money for?”

The interviewer took up a more feminine
phase of the subject by asking:

“And your robe, and. the dark violet color
of Father Hotovitzky’s gown--have they
apecial significance?—the color, I mean.”

The Bishop stroked the shining satin,
With all his missionary zeal it was evident
that he loved color.

“It is a beautiful color,” he said. “No,
it has no special meaning like the colors of
the Episcopal Church. Our monastic garb
is always black, but I am allowed to please
myself in the choice of color.” He fingered
the massive chain about his neck. “Only
the Bishops of the Church are allowed to
wear this.

“On my travels I wear the black garb of
the monastic order, but in holding service
in the Cathedral at Sitka or on any special
holiday of the Church in other cities of
Alaska I wear the Bishop's vestments.

“As most of my time is spent on foot, in
sledges or in the little steamers, it would
not do for me to burden myself with any
church vestments, although the use of them
is, of course, enjoined where possible by
the ritual.”

“This is your first visit to New York?”

“TI was here once before when I was re-
turning from my duties as missionarypriest.”
After a pause, as if politeness dictated
some expression of approval, and after a
little Russian conference with Father
Hotovitzky, he said: “I have seen a great
many worse cities than New York. I mean,
architecturally speaking.”

“Does it remind you in the least of any
of your Russian cities?” i

“Not in the least! Not in the least! I
cannot trace the very faintest resemblance,
except, perhaps, that they all have houses,
churches, &c.; but that is not much of a
resemblance, is it?”

“Do you know Tolstoi?”

“We have some land adjoining his which
we expect to use for monastic purposes,
Personally I have never met him, although
he is quite familiar to me by sight, as I
am to him. Tolstoi has little interest in
the Church and the Church little in him.

“Tolstoi is a man who is great in litera-
ture; too much cannot be sgid in the praise
of his wonderful books—wonderful, that
is, from a purely literary point of view.
But his theology and his philosophy are
entirely wrong. The Church haa little
sympathy with his peculier views.

“To understand Tolstoi one must have
a very eccentric mind.”

“Why is that, Bishop?®

“It is too big a subject for a little inter-

 

 

 

His teachings are seditious, per-
nicious, harmful, judging from our stand-
ards. That is all.”

“And do you not think he has done any
good?”

“In his way, possibly—in his way.
not the way of the Church.”

The Bishop arose and went with long,

grac eful steps across the room to get som,

 

 

left growing. The Redencion, plantation
now given over to orange growing, was
one that suffered. On or near it are the
ruins of four great mills. The history of
one of these is particularly tragic, for the
tragedy is still living on in the shadow of
the broken walls.

The machinery was imported from Spain
and France at great cost. The plant was
carefully constructed and was as complete
and modern as it was possible to make it.
A complete electric light equipment was a
feature novel at that time. The mill was
completed at a cost of nearly a million
dollars. It represented the fortune of the
Spanish owner. A quantity of sugar cane
was on hand, and the mill was to be started
the next day with all the pomp and ceremony
dear to the Spaniard.

That night the Cuban guerrillas applied
the torch. The next day, the day that was
to have been its triumph, saw the beautiful
new mill a heap of ruins and old iron. It
still stands there, in plain sight of all the
boats that enter Bahia Honda harbor.
Not a brick has been touched nor a bit of
fron removed. So great was the hatred of
the Spaniards for their despoilera that for
years not a Cuban was permitted to come
within range of the place.

Time, and the result of the war have
necessarily moderated this, but even yet
the old mill is the secret rallying place
for all the Spanish sympathizers in the
neighborhood, and Cubans are not wel-
comed there, The owner, whose wealth
was dissipated in a single night, lives among
the ruins, hating, and hated. Three at-
tempts on his life have been made within
the last eighteen months, but he lives on,
guarding with his gun and pack of lean
hungry dogs, the pitiful wreck of his for-
tune.

 

Not all the destruction of Spanish property
during that ten year's war of desolation
was wrought by the Cubans. Most of the
largest mills were destroyed by the Span-
iards themselves in order to prevent the
insurgents using them as rallying points,
or for protection. A big mill on the Re-
dencion plantation was dynamited by the
owners rather than have it fall into the
hands of the Cubans.

Americans, too, had a share in the destroy-
ing, a8 well as in being destroyed. Capt.
Clews of Bahia Honda was one of the
Americans whom the Spaniards fairly
drove into the Cuban army.

“I had worked for years on my little
sugar plantation,” said Capt. Clews, “and
had just completed my mill and placed
the whole thing on a paying basis. I had
resolutely kept out of the trouble, and
would neither hear nor know anything
of either side of the controversy. I was
as harmless a non-combatant as ever lived.
One morning I wakened to find my mill

It is

 

  

i

photographs. Then it was possible to
note, for the first time, his physique. Rus-
sia sends out, apparently, strong laborers
into the fleld of the Church militant, There
is a bigness, a massiveness, about the man
that is impressive.

There was a little pause, then:

“The war, when you left Russia——-”

Father Hotovitzsky held up a warning
finger.

“You promised solemnly that you would
not talk about the war,” he said.

“Of course, but we are interested natu-
rally—if you could.”

The Bishop and the rector exchanged
a glance.

“IT will tell you what the Church thinks
of the war,” said the Bishop.

“It is this, You must know that Ruasia
has been torn asunder by seditions, by
revolts, by this society and that, by Ni-
hilistic teachings and subversive doc-
trines.

“The war has come and changed all that.
To-day everything is forgotten, every one
is standing side by side with his brother, |

 

“THE BISHOP WISHES

something perfectly wonderful. In all
my life I have never witnessed anything
like it, never.

“The streets were filled with men march-
ing with banners, shouting, clamoring to go
to the war. Every man wants to fight.
There is no man that is not anxious to help
his country against the further aggressions
of the Japanese,

“I wish you could have seen the streets
of the cities, of the villages, of the meanest
hamlets as I saw them, alive with sol-
diery; with armed men, with processions
all intent on one thing—all animated by one
feeling—that of patriotism.”

Father Hotovitsky spoke.

“Your country, America, has disappointed
us a little—at first,” he said. “Russia has
always been friendly; always stood there a
bulkwark of comradeship to the United
States, always, but now——”

“We want to be neutral,” the interviewer
pleaded,

“Yos, I know. I think things are better
now than they were at first. We were bit-
terly disappointed in the beginning. For
it seemed as if the press and all were against
us in sentiment, and we had depended

TO BE PORTRAYED ONLY IN THE HEARTS
OF HIS PARISHIONEKS.’’

 

waiting to fight for their country.

“The love of country is greater than the
love of sect, of society, of sedition, of re-
volt. It is the greatest love man can have
outside that for his Church,

“There is no longer any talk of Nihilism,
any talk of this and that socialistic up-
rising. Everybody is for Russia, and party
feeling is laid aside.

“So the Church, averse as it must ever
be to bloodshed, welcomes the coming
of the war for that reason.

“When I left Russia the enthusiasm was

 

in ruins and my fields in ashes. That day
I went into the Cuban army, and before
the week was out I had three of their Span-
ish plantations to my account.”

The building of roads is the pivot on
which the development of Cuba hinges.
The surplus of the Government is devoted
each year to this purpose. Two million
dollars have already been spent on the
work, and a third million is now available
for outlay under the direction of Gen.
Diaz, the Secretary of Public Works. “The
general plan,” said Gen. Diaz, “is to build
a trunk road from one end of the island
to the other, with projections in either
direction. The road inland from Bahia
Honda illustrates just what road building
means to the island.”

This road, so far as it is completed, is a
broad and beautiful boulevard with the
country on either side rapidly being re-
deemed from the accumulated grass growth
of ten years, and converted into producing
fields and flourishing orange groves. Where
the builders have not yet penetrated, the
road is a bottomless bog, impassable to
all but the sure footed native ponies and
oxen, and the land adjoining it finds few
people willing to undertake the discourag-
ing task of transporting whatever products |
it might raise. ’

Before the coming of the Americans |
the growing of oranges and other citrous
fruits was practically unknown on the island.
The native Cuban orange is small and seedy,
but delicious in flavor, and has been grown
hitherto without cultivation. Energetic
Americans are now undertaking the culti-
vation of the fruit according to modern
methods, with the belief that, with the
develonment of orange growing, agri-
cultural Cuba will come into its source of
greatest wealth.

An influence that is having much to do
with the re-establishment of confidence in
Cuba and Cuban enterprises, is the re-
markably efficient policing of the country
by the rural guard. They form a force in
every community that is almost equal to
that of the famous rural guard of Mexico.
One meets them at every turn, fine, manly
looking young fellows, admirably ‘drilled
and equipped. There are several of them
stationed in each village who patrol the
outlying country in every direction, even
penetrating deep into the jungle. The
plantations and ranches in the district are
visited each week and reports taken from
the superintendents of the happenings of
the period.

In Havana, of course, one sees only the
metropolitan police in their neat blue linen
uniforms, but once outside the city limita
the khaki and machete of the rural guard
are ever present. Two of the guard are
assigned to every railroad train that moves j

—

on your friendliness, Iam not criticising,
and I really believe that to-day you under-
stand us tter, feel better toward us—
and the past is te

At the door, the rector had the last word.

“You will not say in your interview that
the Czar is the head of the Church, So
many mistake and give him the same posi-
tion as one would the Pope in the Romanist
Church.”

“And you do not recognize him as such?”

“Wedonot. Werecognize but one head—
Christ.”

“And the Czar?”

“The Czar is the first son of the Church—
just that.”

 

on the island. They are as much a part of
the crew as the conductor or the engineer.
Even the excursion trains that run daily
between Havana and Matanzas have their
uniformed pair who walk through the cars
from end to end at every station,

“It is not only to protect the passengers
that we are here,” explained one of them in
English, whose limitations he frankly ad-
mitted, “but to protect the railroad as well.
Cuba is full of people who do not kee a cent
of money from one year's end to another.
So long as they stay on their own little
patch of ground they live with some de-
gree of comfort. But they are not satisfied
with that. ‘They see other people riding
on the railroads, and they want to.

“They do not realize that it costs money.
So they get on the trains, and it is often
very difficult to get them off, for they have
no respect whatever for the railroad em
ployees, Then we are called in, for it is the
garde rurale, Senor, whom the people
trust most of all.”

THE HOUSE OUT $2.70.

 

Seven Thirsty Men Teach a New Trick te
a Head Waiter.

Seven men strolled into an uptown resort
shortly after midnight recently, looking for
liquid refreshment. They removed their
coats while the waiters joined two tables
60 that they could sit in one group

One man did the ordering. he asked
for lighballs of a certain brand cf Seotcn
and ti. waiter disappeared to fill the order
He soon returned and informed them that
that particular brand was not carried by
the house, but that a special brand turred
out by the same firm was to be had

“Well, letus have that,” said the thirsty
ones, “and bring the bottle to show that
we are getting what we ordered.”

The waiter said that he could not co that
as it was against the rules of the house

“Then we will go somewhere and get
What we want,”was tbe reply, aud the seven
rose as one man and proceeded to put on
their coats again.

The head waiter was brought to the
scene and the trouble was explained. He
declared that he could see no way out of
the difficulty, as no bottles were allowed to
be taken from the bar.

He did not want to lose what seemed to
be a chance to sell a few drinks and tried
to pacify the thirsty men. Finaliy one
of the party suggested a way out of the
difficulty.

“We will buy a bottie of the Scotch we
want and drink what we want of it. You
can have what is left.” he said.

This was satisfactory to the head walter
and a fresh bottle was brought and un-
corked. Glasses were put on the table
with a syphon of seltzer.

The men drank, each
Then another round was taken and still
there was some left in the bottle. A third
round was poured out and another syphon
asked for and brought.

Then the seven left the resort. They
had had twenty-one drinks out of one bot-
tle and it had cost just $1.50. If the hot-
tle had heen brought in the first place and
a charge made for each drink the bill
would have amounted to $4.20.

The house was out $2.70 and the head
waiter did some deep thinking for the
rest of the night.

helping himself

  
  
   

 

 

 

a ae

 

 

Fee 2

 

 

Se ee

ae “lo se