i

§
4
1
1
¢)
t
4

ee Ne ee ee ee ee

 

Se a ree nee tO SEC Oe OTe ne Me te i Sw es eae ak Dee LR Ogee St nar Tee eee fn a

 

FEEDING THE TWO ARMIRS,

SYSTEMS OF RUSSIA AND
OY JAPAN COMPARED.

 

THE

Boldiers of the Czar, the Cossacks Exe
cepted, Apt te Go Hungry in a Came
paign—Skobeleff’s Care of His Men
—Light Marching Order of the Japanese

The war in the East is affording a test of
the transport and commisrariat systems
of Russia and Japan,

By the Russian system an army corps
of 45,900 men is supposed to be accom-
panied by 2,400 wagons.

When campaigning, the Russian soldier
is supposed to carry two days’ rations on
his person, The regimental trains carry
rations for each man for two days longer,
and the divisional trains for from two to
four days, It is reckoned that fresh sup-
plies should always be obtainable from the

surrounding country or along the line ot |

communications within the six or eight
days allowed.

The system is @ good one, but the trans-
port and commissariat broke down miser-
ably in every important war waged by
Russia during the last century. ‘The ex-
perience of the past indicates that the Cos-
sacks are the only Russian soldiers who are
mobile and well fed in a campaign.

They are mobile because they always
have large numbers of spare horses—often

two for each man; they are well fed because |

of their skill in foraging.

Russian officers spend freely out of their
private funds during a campaign in order
to remedy the defects of the official trans-
port and commissariat. They have been
obliged to do so even during manq@uvres.

The example was set by Skobeleff, Rus-

sia’s greatest General of modern times, |
He was ,

during the Russo-Turkish war.
a rich man, and every ruble he owned was
at the disposal of his beloved soldiers when
they needed it, .

All the official arrangements for feeding
the men and caring for the sick and
wounded broke down utterly, and Skohe-
leff was always putting his hand in his
pocket through that campaign. On one

occasion he spent 15,000 rubles to charter |

a steamer to take a number of wounded
men to Odessa for treatment.
recovered from the Government the large
suis hb expended.

When Skobeleff was praised for his gen-
erosity toward his troops, hereplied un-
affectedly:

“I owe everything to these men, and
the least I can do is to spend a few thou-
sand rubles to help them in their need.”

That spirit animates most officers in
the Russian army to-day. Gen. Kouro-
patkin, Gen. Grodekoff and other famous
Russian officers trained under Skobeleff
followed his example.

Now it is regarded as the regular thing

in the Russian army for an officer to have !

to spend money on his men to remedy
official shortcomings. It is to be feared
that graft has a great deal to do with those
shortcomings.

These defects are, however, largely
offset by the patient endurance of the
Russian soldier, born of his doglike loyalty
to the Czar, The American military at-
taché was impressed by that quality.

“When his battles result in defeats, when
his biscuits are full of maggots, when his
clothes are shabby, when his boots drop to
pieces, the Russian soldier,” he said, “rea-

sons it all out slowly and can only come ;

to the conclusion, 80 pathetic in its simple
faith: ‘Ah, if the Czar only knewt’

“Every one within his reach he freely
discusses, criticises and blames; he_ half
suas that his Generals may be fools,
and he is sure that his commissaries are
rascals; but no thought of censure ever
crosses his mind against the Czar.”

It is hardly necessary to point out the
value of this mental attitude as a military
asset.

The Russian soldiers appear, as a general
rule, to lack the ability to shift for them-
selves in matters of transport and com-
missariat. If their elaborate system of
haggage trains breaks down, as it may
well do under the strain of a hard campaign,
they are utterly at a loss—unless they are
Cossacks, Kalmucks or Turcomans, ac-
eustomed from boyhood to picking up
their meals wherever and whenever they
ean find them. .

The Japanese, on the contrary, showed
during their war with China a remarkable
ability to create their transport and com-
missariat apparently out of nothing as
they went along. They did not trouble

much about Laggage trains; they had them, |

to he sure, well supplied and well organized,

but the troops moved so quickly that they

were out of touch with their wagons half
the time.

They travelled in the lightest possible
order and picked up any old native carts
or mules or coolies they chanced to meet,e
making them serve the neceasities of the

moment, and then letting them go and !

getting others further 6n,
The only drawback of this sysiem was
that as the campaign advanced the armies

hecame clogged by large numbers of coolies !

and other camp followers, who created a
great deal of trouble and committed ex-
cesses, which were wrongfully charged to
the reguiar troops.

Some of the Japanese commanders

adopted a short way with these obnoxious !

persons, driving them out of the army on

pain of death as soon as their services were |

over. After the war it was pretty generally

agreed that no similar nuisance should be '

tolerated in another campaign.

During the advance to the relief of the
besieged legations at Pekin the Japanese
commissary was, by common agreement of
the foreign officers, better than that of any
of the European troops, and the Japanese

He never |

 

 

soldiers showed a genius for foraging and
accommodating their appetites to the food
available in the country.

Instead of using heavy wagons liable to
be bogged or to tire out the horses, the
Japanese had a great number of light hand
carts—much like the push carts of the
Italians in New York and other American
cities, These carts were drawn by coolies
or by the soldiers themselyes, and they
were so lightly laden that they interfered
little, if at all, with the mobility of the
force,

The horse and mule carts were of the
smailest type and lightly built. Spare ant-
mals were made to carry their own fodder,

and that of the other animals as well,

These meusures were rendered necessary

by the emallness and weakness of the Japan-

ese horses, Which are about the scrawniest

animals of their kind, The Russiafis, on the

contrary, are well supplied with large,
strong, well bred horsen, ‘

In the Turcoman campaigns in Central
Asia camels were employed, but they are
hardly ever used to-day by Russian troops.

Thousands of dogs are pressed into service,
mainly for transporting soldiers and sup-
plies in sledges across Lake Baikal. ’

In the present campaign the Mikado’s
fighting man is carrying a great deal more
food with him than his Russian adversary.
Against the latter's two days’ rations he
! carries two cooked rations of rice in addition
| to six emergency rations, These are con-
} tained in an aluminum mess pan, and as,the
; ricé has been boiled and dried in the sun,
the entire weight is (rifling.
| It is commonly supposed that the Japanese

soldier lives entirely on rice and dried fish

but such is not the fact. He can live, an
fight well, on that spare diet, if necessary;
but he is given meat and other sustaining
foods whenever practicable, as well as beer
or saki. Uy eae
| Several years ago a military commission
was appointed by the Mikado to ascertain
why the physique of the Japanese troops
was inferior to that of the British, German
and other armies. The commission came
| to the conclusion that beef and beer helped
to build up the stalwart frames of Occidental
! fighting men, and since then beef and beer
have been included in the diet scale of the
| Japanese army.

} THE GREEN MORAYS.

One of Those at the Aquarium Gives an
Exhibition of Its Ways In Nature.

The shortest of the green morays at the
Aquarium—there sro three of these sea
serpent like eels there, the smallest of them
) five feet in length and the largest six feet—
| has lately beeo giving {n an interesting
‘manner iin exhibition of one of its ways
in nature.

Thrust down in the water in one corner
of the tank, and reaching slmost to the
; bottom of it, is x gutts percha pipe, an inch
; or so in diameter, through which flows a
| supply of water for the morays’ benefit.
This pipe may be at the bottom an inch
ortwoclear of the angle formed by the
+ tank's corner.

The smallest of the morays will back up
{ to it and get the point of its tail in between
! the pipe and the wall and then keep backing
ij until it has got about a third of its entire
i length around the pipe. The pipe being
| in & corner, the great eel is compelled
‘
j

 

 

 

by the angle to bend its tail considerably
; to get it around the pipe, but it bends even

more than the angle compels it to, bringing
‘its tail when it has got it past the pipe,
‘ around toward ita body, so that as it lies
‘around the pipe its whole body is in

somewhat the shape of a great fishhook, ita
' head end being the longer part, or shank.
; Sometimes the length of gutta percia
} pipe, which has a flexible connection above,
‘+ may hang not away from, but close in the
icorner of the tank; and then this green
moray does something that betrays far
; More intelligence than one would look for
+ insuch acreature. Then, instead of back-

iy erecnd the pipe tail first, it approaches
it head first and thrusts fs sharp nose in
; back of the pipe and so clears it alittle from
} the wall, and then goes on around head-
| first back of it until it has passed two-thirds
‘of its length around it, and then there it
| stays, erhaps for an hour at atime, with
its body around the pipe and in the same
fishhook form that it takes when it ie backed
in tail first.

And sometimes this giant eel will hang
itself, in just the same form, on a knob of
| the tufa rock with which the tank is lined
{ ea projects, high up, at one end of their
' tank.
| Indoing these things this moray does nere
| what it might do in its native waters of the
' Bermudas. There whenthe tides rushed in
| or out of the coral caverns or through pas-

sages in which it makes its home, it
might suve itself the trouble of working

its dorsal fin to enable it to hold up
against the tide by simply hooking the

 

ER

a — eee aS se

that gutta percha pipe or on the knob of .

tufa—around some projecting bunch of

1
|
i tail end of ita body—as it does here around
|
coral rock,

 

‘ A Bluff That Worked.

From the London Tit-Bits

(Scene: A railway carriage) Englishman
, (addressing Yankee in opposite corner)—
( Excuse me. This is not a smoking carriage.
i No reply.

Five minutes
must really trouble you to put out that cigar

Still no reply

One minute later: “Hang it, sir, if you
don't Put out that cigar, I'll have you re-
moved

Still superb indifference on the part of the

later (more brusquely): “I

; Yankee. ‘Train stops Englishman calls
guard and requests removal of Yankee
! latter breaks in coolly:

 

Guard, examine that man's ticket; it's
' third class.”

Guard does sc, finds the statement correct
and marcnes the Englisiman out, to the great
astonishment of the other occupants of the
carriage.

After the train had again started ancther
‘ occupant, unable to restrain his curiosity,

Aske, “How did you know what ticket he

ac

f Y yawny--Saw it sticking
out of his waistcoat pocket. Same color
as my own

| Yankee (with a

 

Short Eventful History of Harbin,

Russia’s Base

“Within thirty versts of the town of
Khulinchen (population 70,000) the line
crosses the River Sungari near the settle-
ment of Kharbin,” so runs the official re-
port of the survey of the East Chinese
Railway, the Manchurian branch of the
Trans-Siberian Railroad,

The survey and subsequent report to
the Czar were made in 1898. In just six
years Harbin, Russia's Far Eastern base
in her war with Japan, has sprung from
the proportions of a hamlet, with a few of
its Manchurian population engaged in
pressing oi] from peas and beans, and dis-
titing a bad brand of brandy, to a flourish-
ing, bustling city of 125,000.

There are 75,000 Ruseians, not including
the soldiery, and the’ rest are Chinese, with
a few Manchus. Each race has its own
section of the city, the Manchus still oocupy-
ing the original nucleus, around which the
greater Harbin has been built.

But despite these racial divisions, Harbin
is a representative boom town, a Wild West
town, even to its bad men, who, up to the
outbreak of hostilities, thought nothing
of shooting up the town on occasion.

The story of the Harbin of to-day begins

with the survey of the East Chinese, or
Manchurian, branch of the Trans-Siberian
Railroad. The Russian engineers engaged
’® the work started across Manchuria from

in

the Far East.

 

the Trans-Baikal provinces, working east-
ward in as straight a line as possible toward
Vladivostok,
This determination to run a bee line to
| the Pacific brought them in time to the
western banks of the principal river of
| Manchuria—the Sungari. Opposite them
lay the scattered mudhouse settlement of
Harbin. Twenty miles further down the
river was the city of Khulinchen,
| An American surveying party would
have made a detour to tap so flourishing
| a commercial centre, but not so the Rus-
sians. Harbin waa in front of them, it was
on a direct line with Vladivostok, the road
would cross the river at Harbin, and twenty
| miles would be saved.
In 1864 Prince Kropotkin, the Russian
traveller, made an extensive trip of ex-
ploration in Manchuria. Among other
' things, he entered the Sungari River, where
it empties into the Amur and went up it to
| the head of navigation at Kirin in the first
| steamer ever on the river. Kirin, by the

water route, is some 200 miles above Har-
bin, which Prince Kropotkin did not even
mention in his account of the trip.

When they were rowed by coolies across
| the river to Harbin, the Russian surveyors

had this expedition of their countrymen

recalled to them by the tales of some of the
older inhabitants about a white man, such

 

 

 

  

Bi

“THE

”

 

JAPAN IN TIME OF VICTORY,

EXULTATION IN TOKIO OVER THE
RUSSIAN DEFEATS.

 

 

Only the Women Remain Calm—Spartan
Spirit Shown Even by Girls—''Better
to Die on the Battlefield Than tn
Bed,’ Say the Soldters—The ‘‘Extras."’

Tokio, Feb. 20.—As the Hochi Shimbun
[Daily Reporter] of this city nafvely puts
it, “the confusion in Tokio is very great.
Even the messenger boys and the milkmen
are so jubilant that they have no respect
for their elders.”

All Japan has turned itself loose and is
rejoicing boisterously over the victories
at Chemulpo and Port Arthur.

True, no one knows very much about
the victories beyond the mere heavily
censored announcements, but the people
are not bothering themselves about details.
The main thing is that their Emperor's
will has been done—the flag of the Rising
Sun carried on to glorious victory.

Flags and lanterns are displayed in front
of every house. The students parade the
atreets at night, illuminating the crowded
thoroughfares with their tin torches and
paper lanterns,

‘easting is going on on all sides. The
clubs and societies are keeping open house;
scores of business houses are closed.

Country people have come into the city
by the thousand to join in the celebration,
and in many cases the entire population of
a town has escorted its recruits and reserves
to the barracks.

The boys are giving the police plenty of
trouble in breaking up their mock battles
with the Russians in the temple grounds;
and the temples themselves are crowded
with thousands of worshippers, all intent
upon giving thanks and drawing lots to
see the fate of their soldier and sailor rela-
tives in battle.

Prints of Admirals Togo and Uriu are
displayed, and the rival newspapers have
plastered their extras on the bujldings at
street corners, on the telegraph and tele-
phone poles and underneath the shop
windows.

Great crowds are continually around the
vendors of extras, attracted there by the
cry of the newgboys—“Gogail”—and their
energetic manipulation of brass bells, the
size of an American farm dinner bell.

Water colors, showing the sinking of
the Russian ships, vie with the extras for
attention, and the air by day and night
is filled with the shouting of the excited
city—“Taikoku banzai!” “Kaigan banzai!”
“Rikugun banzai!” “Long live the Em-

peror!” “Long live the navy!” “Long live |

the army!” Many of the lanterns in the
processions also bear these legends,

The women alone seem to have retained
some of that restrained calm which marked
the nation before the censors allowed the
papers to publish their abbreviated ac-
counts of victory, from which even the
names of the warships taking part have
been etruck out and are represented by
circles, one circle for each word of the ship's
name.

The women are calm, because they know
that {f their husbands and sons are among
the dead or wounded they have reached
the chief end of man—they have spilled
their blood for the Emperor,

Mothers and wives are giving no evidence
of excitement other than going to the
temples to buy lots, At the Kotohira
Temple of Shiba on the tenth—the tomple's
feast day—thousands of women bought
lots.

The gods take good care that these lots
bring good news to the purchasers—that
the son will win glory on the sea; that the
father will lead the charge on the enemy,
that the husband will meet a glorious death
on the battlefield. And se the women ¢9o
back to their homes calm and ccntent

ThisSpartanlike readiness of the Japanese,
women to give up everything for the good
ef the country is shown in miniature in.
the sacrifies <f a schoolgirl.

Miss Hanemure. Masa, whose name is
now known all ever Nippon, {s in the fourth
grade of the Yokohama grammar school,
When the official announcement came
showing that the Government
cide?) upon war. Miss Masa presented her-
self at the barracks, sought cut the com-
mander with that infinite patience peculiar
te her sex in Japan and handed the officer
a letter This was tho letter that little
Miss Masa had written:

“With a war witb Russia in preapect, I j

       

i ns Fre ee

had ce- }

' making five altogether, which

  
 
 

 
 

aif vltOh SN : :

7

SUNDAY,

MAREH, 26

forms have come into the,city these last
few days that the barracks oannof. hold
them all, and they are billeted in private
houses, ; '

Right here is where more confusion
comes in, Many, of the citizens are not
content to let the Government pase them
by and name others to be hosts to the gol-
diers. They actually demand that they be
ordered to throw open their own hquses
to the soldiers, and officials, big and little,
are pestered continually to billet soldiers
under roofs that will be disgraced forever
unless their owners' requests are complied
with,

Where an Occidental would, to say the
least, not solicit a burden, many a Jap
in Tokio actually is downcast in the face
of victory because he is not burdenéd with
a corporal's guard, at the smallest cal-
culation, of his country’s defenders. Even
the poorest are indignantly refusing to
take compensation from the Government
and putting such money in the war fund
when they are made to take it.

The soldiers are behaving splendidly,
and have a full realization of the task upon
which they have entered. A private, re-
; cently arrived from an interior post, said
to the family on which he was billeted:

“This is not like the war with’ China.”

Unlike most soldiers entering upon a
war, the Japanese do not despise the prow-
ess of the Russians. They pretty gen-
erally realize that they will have able an-
tagoniata.

At the same time they are not perturbed
in the slightest by the thought. Even
the recruit feels that eventually Japan will
win—he does not dream that it can be
otherwise. Wherever you see a soldier,
there you will find a fighting optimist,
and a man who is more than ready to lay
down his life for his country.

“We must die once, some time,” said
a soldier to a friend who bade him good-

eS a

better to die for the country.” And he
added: “I havea chance to do my best for
my country now.”

“If I die in my bed, I cannot leave fame
behind for the consolation of my. mother.
It is better to die on the battlefield than in
bed.

“What fear have I of the Russian sol-
diers? No, J don't want to drink until the
war ends.

“T shall be glad to die on the battlefield,
and when [ am killed please drink my
health then.”

Another soldier got leave for a day.

“I am going back to bid farewell to my

mother,” he told his comrades. “On Jan.
6 she came to Tokio and I bade her good-
by then, but she is very hard-hearted, ro
I go tosee her once more. She eaid then:
t “‘If you are ordered te the battlefield
do not come home, 1 will not forgive you
if you do, for since you became a soldier
there is no relation of mother and child
‘ between us. he Emperor is the father
of the country, so you must obey him and
be patriotic and do your best and die for
him.

“ ‘Do not regard your life, and you need
not come home, Your sister is at home;
the twoof us can get along co:nfortably.
This is my last day with you—good-by.'
t+ “But I have a day off to-day, and I am
going back to see her for the last time.
| Lknow I will receive a rebuke, but also there

is my sister.

“I must see my mother just once before
| I go to battle, because she is very weak and
| advanced in age. Then I will have nothing
te take leave of in the old country, and I
will not come back, as she commands.”

 

FOUND IN THE LAOON'S CROP:

Five Leopard Frogs, of Which Three,
Surviving, Are Now at the Aquarium,
The Aquarium's stock of frogs has been
lately increased in number by the addition
of three which were taken from the crop
of a loon shot by William Laramie of Willi-
mantic, Conn.
This loon had been carried home by Mr.
Laramie, who intended to mount it, not
|} thinking that there was anything very
remarkable contained within it; but when
he laid it on a table and began work
| upon it the first thing he took from its crop
was a frog. And then he took from the
! crop, one after another, four more frogs,
the bird
had doubtless picked up from the banka of
the stream cn which it was shot, and
seme of which it raust have had in its crop
; for hours,
It was remarkable enough to find five

 

have saved every cent of the money that | frogs in one loon’s crop: but, laying them

my mother gave me to buy candy with
and now I hava got three yen and thirty-
five sen, and I wish it to be used for the
army and navy expenses. I shall be very
glad if you accept my little present, and
I send it with the letter.”

It is not hard to understand where the
Japanese woman gets her Spartan spirit—
it is born in her.

Another thing that has helped along the
confusion which the Hochi Shimbun men-
tions is the mobilizing of soldiers here.

Soldiers are being collected by thousands
at Yatsuya and Akasaka—barracks around
the palace. So many little alert uniformed
mnen and reserves and recruits without uni-

 

 

 

 

as they were, who years before had steamed
past their village on his way up the river,
and who, several weeks later, steamed
past again, this time down stream.

The Russians at once realized that they
had crossed the river at a navigable point
and were not slow in grasping the oppor-
tunity. They knew that their Govern-
ment was desirous of rushing the building
of the railroad with all possible speed.

The Sungari was navigable for steamers
of considerable draught from far above
the point where the line would cross it.
The Amur was navigable thence to
Khabarovsk, the northern terminus of
the Ussuri branch of the Trans-Siberian
Railway, the southern terminus of which
is Vladivostok.

To this port the American rails and other
supplies for the new line were to be shipped.
Nothing would be easier than to send large
quantities of the supplies over the Ussuri
railway to Khabarovsk, load them on
steamers there, ship them up the Amur
and the Sungari to Harbin, and there start
building the line both toward Vladivostok
eastward and through Manchuria weat-
ward straight for the Trans-Baikal link of
the Siberian road.

So the initial step in the booming of
Harbin was taken, In the language of the
official report, it was made “the head-
quarters of the central department for
the construction of the East Chinese Rail-
way.”

After that history was made at a rapid
rate in Harbin. One river steamer after
another dumped its cargo of rails, bridge
work and other materials along the river
banks, Bridgebuilders, engineers, black-
smiths, locksmiths, carpenters, linemen,
railway doctors and surgeons, clerks and
accountants arrived in great numbers
from Russia, and hundreds of coolies, at-
tracted by the prospect of remunerative
work, invaded the little town. Harbin
leaped over night from a fishing village
of a few hundred souls to a humming. rail-
road centre of several thousand,

 

| aside on the table as fast as he took them
| out—five frogs of the leopard, or spotted,
variety, the largest of them about ‘three
inches in length and the smallest about
two inches—the hunter had another sur-

Looking up from the work on the bird,
he saw one of the frogs on the table move,
and presently all five of the frogs, which

| had all seemed dead, as they might reason-

| ably have been expected to be when taken

| from the loon's crop, came to life.

}. Subsequently two of the frogs died,

| but the three others, recaptured and saved
from death in this strange manner, soon
became as lively as ever, and later they
were secured by Dr. T. Morton Hills of
Willimantic, a longtime friend of the Aqua-
rium, who sent them to NewYork.

ne nr eo 8 em ne pn

 

with feverish haste across the plains in
each direction, and the foundations for
the great bridge across the Sungari were
being laid, word reached Harbin that the
Czar had leased the Liao-tung Peninsula
for a period of twenty-five years from the
Chinese Imperial Government and a road
was to be run to Port Arthur, on the penin-
sula’s tip, from a point on the East Chinese
Railway, and the junction was to be at
Harbin.

Surveyors were immediately sent out from
Harbin, and, as a result, in a few months
material was coming in greater quantity
than ever by steamer, more artisans were
arriving from Russia and flocking from
the towns of central Manchuria, and more
coolies were being employed, for two rail-
ways were now being built out of Harbin
instead of one.

In the mean time the railway adminis-
trator, who had practical authority over
Harbin, though Manchurian officials were
in nominal control, had solved the problem
of supplying the ever growing town and
the railroads’ builders with food stuffs.

Harbin is situated in the heart of the
most productive part of Manchuria, A
fertile plain stretches for miles to the south,
and a much larger one, with great. foreste,
to the northwest, Almost everything is
raised on them in abundance—wheat,
rye, corn, oats, barley, rice, grasses, vege-

by navigable rivers, the southern by the
Sungari, the northern by the Nonni, which
empties into the Sungari at Bodune, fifty
miles above Harbin.

All this the Russians found out as they
went from Harbin to build the railway,
and soon down the rivers came supplies
in ample quantity, brought by Chinese
farmers, who had been told of the prom-
ising new market for their products, and
by Russian steamers sent into the plains
country to buy foodstuffs at the villages
along the river bank.

Consequently, when in 1900 6,000 Boxers

r—} ,20, 1904. Wee
= -< ——-

SS

by us he was about to start for the front |
on a troop train the other day, “ao it is |

prise in store for him.

Then, while the railroad was being pushed

tables and fruits—and each plain is tapped

   
 
  
 

 

‘THE POLITENESS : OF JAPAN,

GOOD MANNERS ONE TRAIT OF
THE MIKADO'S PEOPLE.

 

 

The Silence of Nature Another—This In-
cludes the Babies, Whe Don’t Cry
Geisha Girls Not So Attractive—A
Sentiment ‘Written by Gen. Grant.

“It is nearly twenty years since I waa in
Japan," said the retired naval officer, “but
I guess things haven't changed much over
that way, for all their talk about Western
civilization,

“What struck me most in Japan? It
was the politeness of the people and the
silence that is characteristic of nature in
Japan,

“As to the former, I travelled overathou-
‘sand miles in out of the way places and did
not meet with one instance of incivility or
extortion. You know the folks out on our
Pacific Coast are down on the Japs and
say they willstrain a point to do you out of
a cent. They must have picked that trait
up over here, for one certainly does not
meet with it on their own ground.

“The commonest peasant never fails to
give the stranger a graceful and gracious
bow coupled witha smile, and if he gets half
a chance a pleasant word. Even the low-
est classes salute one another in passing
with. this profound bow, and I am frank
to confess that I like to recall this custom
in this day when even very young men
do not find time to lift the hat from the head
when saluting one with white hair.

“I went into some very remote parts
where foreigners are rarely seen; and even
there the natives never forgot their manners.

' Though they gathered about and examined
my dress and features, it was done in the
most courteous way.”

“You spoke of the silence characteristic
of nature,” reminded the young aaaiatant.
| paymaster. “I thought Japan was like a
| chorus in The Mikado'- gaisha girls danc-
| ing everywhere, birds of brilliant plumage
singing night and day, gilded palaces and
cottages, flowers instead of grass and such
things.”

“Yea, you probably think you'll walk
on pearly streets, with curbs of pure gold
i when you get to heaven,” retorted the re-
{ tired naval officer. “Birds of gay feather
t and sweet voice are mournfully rare in
| yapen and not once did I hear a Japanese

ba cry. :

“There are no grass fields or pasture lands,

but the flowers are wonderfuband the special |

' festivals of the tris, peony, cherry and plum
{ are well worth atrip there. One naturally
associates fine fruits with fine flowers,
but’ indigenous fruits are rare, small,
sour and altogether bad eating.

“Most people have a notion that the treea
there are nearly all like these little dinky-
dink dwarfs that the Broadway florists

ut in their windows, Seven miles from
Nikko two national roads meet, lined with
eryptomeria trees. ‘The splendid avenue
I travelled over for fifty miles was bordered
by cryptomerias over two centuries old,
and some of thern are more than thirty feet
around. They are a apecies of cedar.”

“You spoke of Japanese babies never
crying,” suggested a young officer, father
of a brand new paragon.

“So I did,” continued the elderly man,
“and there are so many of them,too, They
are about as thick over there ag mosquitoes
arefhere between April and October, and
I can't lay it on any thicker than that.

“Woe read pleasant paregrenne in the
papers about Japan's being the paradise
of children. ‘Tis said that spanking and
whipping are unknown there, and that a
Japanese mother’s main duty in life, after
waiting on her mother-in-law, is to amuse
her children, ’

“There are no children in Japan. They
are dignified burlesque; on the grown-upe.
The little girls of the family take care of
the babies by having them strapped to
their backs. Nearly every little maid of
5 or 6 has a baby tied to her, and perhaps
that accounts for the bent back and totter-
ing gait of the Japanese woman,

As I said, I never heard a Jap bab
ery, but if one begins te make up a mout
and wrinkle up its funny little face, ite
child mother quiets it by raising her body
on her toes and heels as fast as ahe can;
and placidity reigns in short order.

“A man vould feel like a fool quoting
‘Mother Goose’ to a Japanese child or try-
ing to amuse it as one does our children,
Ae for chucking one under the chir, that's
unthinkable,

“Very properly, I RUppone you bachelors

think, the boy is more highly prized than
thé girl anc they celebrate an ancient cus-
tom there called beys' dey. I happened
to be in a large inland townon this day,
and it proved interesting. At every house
where a boy had been born during the
year a tall bamboo pole was raised, from
which flew a large paper or silk fish with
wide open mouth, 1@ fish becomes in-
flated and the sight is a pretty one. Pa-
rents who have reason to be particularly
overjoyed fly more than one fish,
. “The dignity and self-possession of Jap-
anese children is wonderful, As soon as
they can speak they are required to learn
the rules of Japanese etiquette, so that by
the time they are 8 or 10 years old they
know exactly what todo and what not to
do under every conceivable condition,”

“How about those geisha girls and their
wicked ways?” inquired one of the old
bachelors.

“I didn’t see ony eriehe girls with wicked
ways,” answered the retired one, “I
thought I was going to have some rare
sport at the dances given by the geisha
girls, but bless you I've seen worse things
among amateurs in the best drawing room
of this city.

“The geisha girls’ dance consists of a
series of posturings and gyrations with

 

until
the approach of three Russian relief ex-

besieged the town for six months,

peditions, more than enough supplies
had been accumulated to carry the be-
sieged safely through on liberal rations.

At the time of the siege 150 foreigners,
mostly Russians, were left in the town;
the rest were scattered along the lines
of the building railways, They directed
the defence, and in this they were aided
by Sheng, the Chinese commander-in-
chief of Tonewaugho.

Sheng, on the outbreak of the Boxer
movement, received orders from Pekin
to kill all the foreigners in his distriot.
Sheng liked the Russians; he sent back
word that he had neither guns nor bullets
with which to obey the order, and if he had,
he wouldn't commit murder.

Then Sheng got a reply ordering him
to execute himself. Sheng decided that
it was no use to parley further with the
Pekin authorities and promptly went over
to the Russians, bag and baggage, and his
advice did a lot toward keeping the be-
sieging Boxers at a respectabléWistanoe.

The ease with which several hundred
men stood off several thousand for half a
year at once attracted the attention of the
Russian strategists to Harbin. They re-
potted it easy of defence, commanding, as
it does, the river and the plains in all direc-
tions, and a splendid base in case of war,
by reason of the fertile and wooded country
round about, accessible both by water and
rail.

Ruessia had not then made the first of
the series of her promises to get out of
Manchuria, and immediately following the
report of the Russian strategists to St.
Petereburg, Harbin experienced a boom
of such proportions as to make her firet
one seem insignificant.

Where one Russian artisan had come
from his native land before, fifty now came;
and they and the Chinese workmen, who
flocked to Harbin in droves, not only erected
great railroad shops and terminals, but
rushed up scores of administrative build-

'
'
the men who were supposed to look after

 

suit Parkhurst.
“Japan is interesting, even SiUrng
the foreigner, but there was only one ti
I felt at
at Na
erected to commemorate the visit of Gen.
Grant to that place, He was there in 1879,
and Mrs. Grant was with him, Each
planted a tree, and afterward the Japanese
put up the slab between the trees. It
ears this inscription in the General's well
known hand:
NAGASAKI, Jupan, June 23, 1879,
At the request of Governor Matsumi Tada
Kalemi, Mrs. Grant and | each planted a tree
in the Nagasaki Park. hope that both
trees may prosper, grow large, liye long and
their growth und prosperity and long life be
emblematic of the future of Jena

ome there. ‘That was in a par

S. GRANT.
“The same sentiment is engraved under-
neath in Japanese characters. I often
wonder if those trees are still living. I
know the General's exp sentiment
still lives in the hearts of the American
people,”

RUSSIAN BUSINESS MEN'S VIEW

 

 

AntleAmerican Feeling and Little

Interest in the War.

No
Edward $8. Taylor, who has been repre-
senting a large American manufacturing
concern in Russia, arrived yesterday from
He says that the reported strong
exist
,
i
'
'
{
i

Moscow.
anti-American sentiment does not
so far as his observation extended.

“I have been over much of Russia,” said
Mr. Taylor, “and have met a number of
representatives of European and Ameri-
can manufacturers, and I heard from them
of little or no discrimination against any
particular country, and saw none,

“The commercial Russians are as thor-
oughly alive to their own interests and
those of their patrons as are the business
men of any other country, and they are
perfectly willing to get the best from any-
where and as cheaply as possible. The
Russian business man has many qualities
in common with the business man of the
United States.

“He is generally broad minded, energetic
and progressive. I heard nothing regard-
ing an anti-American feeling, and I believe
that if such had exiated it would have made
itself apparent in some way.

“Business Russia deplores the war, but
it is a mistake to say that the great body
of business men are not. patriotic in that

' they are not sustaining the Government,
| This, too, in view of the fact that upon
{them will fall to a very great extent the
+ expenses of its conduct.
; “The peasantry is too poor to be expected
} tocontribute, as would be the case in France
or Germany. The nobles have been living
too gay a life to have much stored up after
they have run through with the money
received from the freeing of their serfs
and the sale of timber interests in their
estates. On the business man, therefore,
the burden must fall.

“They have cancelled many American
orders; in fact, the day afterthe declaration
of war some of my customers cancelled
orders that [ had taken. But that they
had no feeling against America is evidenced
by the fact. that they gave me the orders.
They cancelled, too, German, French and
English orders in just the same way.

“The question of nationality in no way
entered into the matter. The Rusqgpn
merchant, it may be well for the American
manufacturer to know, is not building up
astock. He is living from hand to mouth,
buying only what is absolutely necessary.

“Russia in the past has bought great
quantities of American agricultural ma-
chinery. Now the merchant sees the
peasant drawn from the farm into the army
and he knows that there wil! not be such a
great demand for the machines, and he
wisely cancels orders,

“Atsurprising thing to an American was
the lack of interest among commerelal men
in the events that led up to the war. They
knew little of what these were and were
apparently content to remain unininformed.

“They attehded to their business and they
turned the affairs of Government over to

such things. Even when the declaration of
war came there was no particular demon-
stration. It appeared to be merely ac-
cepted as a matter of course.

“I watched the transport trains depart-
ing from Moscow over the Trans-Siberian
Railroad. The soldiera looked like strong,.
husky fellows, and seemed happy. They
were apparently well clothed, well fed and
well shod.

“Most of the trains were made up of
freight cars, very small, of course, after
the European models, but large enough
for six bunlcs on a side and a stove in the
middle.
ca

For every ten cars was a kitchen

r.
“Thisis the way the men will live during
the thirty days trip across Siberia to the
front. The trains do not make more than
225 miles a day, for the engines are small
wood burners of Russian manufacture.
Train followed train in rapid succession
for days, so that there was almost a con-
tinuous line of them for many miles out
into the country.

“I have travelled over the Trans-Siberian
Railroad, and so realize what a tremendous
undertaking it is to move this great army
such a vast distance. The despatching of
trains is in itself a problem, :

“As soon as spring opens Russia will find
the railroad itself a new difficulty on her
hands. It is little more than a construc-
tion line. The ties are laid on the ground
without any ballast whatever. So long
as the ground is frozen this makes a solid
roadbed, but when spring thaws

the whole road sinks into the mud.” ae

 

ings, solid blocks of business houses and
row after row of residences.

Not only that. Industries, backed by
both Russian and Chinese capital, sprang
into full blast every bit as marvellously—
especially those capable of furnishing an
army with the necessary commissary sup-
plies.

In six years ten flour mills have been
established, with an aggregate daily output
of 1,000,000 pounds of flour; a half million
dollars has been invested in meat packeries,
cattle and hogs being extensively raised
on the plains around Harbin, and the city
has been built from the brick manufactured
there and the lumber cut and sawed in the
great neighboring forests to the north and
northwest,

In the last four years the official reports |

show that the Russian Government has
spent nearly $16,000,000 in Harbin, and that
Chinese and private capital invested there
aggregates §$25,000,000—a grand total of
$41,000,000.

Up to the very day of the outbreak of
hostilities, the boom was still on, appar-
ently undiminished in vigor, the city re-
sounding with the constant din of tools
all day long and far into the night, when
electric lights guided the regiments of
workers.

Naturally, Harbin's rapid growth has
attracted to it many bad elements, as is
the case with new towns inthe Wild West
of the United States, Indeed, Harbin is
a Wild West town of the Orient.

Manchuria is infested with khunkhuz—
red-bearded Manchu brigands—who, un-
til the Russians came into the country,
passed their days levying tribute on farmers
and isolated villages.

Many of these fellows have been drawn
to Harbin by the glitter of gold, and as
they stop at nothing to gain their ends,
being reckoned among the most desperate
outlaws in al) Asia, scarcely a day passes
without a'murder in the town.

It has been the favorite sport of many
a band of these khunkhuz, mounted on:

to
me
k

.
fans and garlands of flowers and paper
and Ps parasols, and is modest enough to

ki when I came on a atone slab

 

 

 

RUSSIA'S GREAT INLAND SEQ |y
WARTIME,

 

How the Journey Was Made—intense Coq
From Which the Soldiers Suffered
—Rest House tn the Middle of the Lay
~—Food Supplies of Eastern Stberta,

Lake Baikal, the frozen barrier that outy
the great Siberian line in two, is indeed 4
remarkable body of water, says the London
Express. In length it would atreton iy
London to Edinburgh, yet its breadth jg
only from twenty to fifty-three miles,
From where I stood to the town of Baikal,
on the other side, was a little over forty
miles; but it is this distance, over the frozen
floor of which stores and men have to be
transported to the front, that will cause
the Russian Government more trouble
and anxiety than the entire route from
the Ural Mountains to Port Arthur.

The track has not yet been completed
around the end of the lake. As an engineer
explained ta me the southern end of the
lake, which is the only possible route for}
the line, is imbedded in mountains. Sheer;
granite cliffs rise froin the surface of th
water to a height of 1,500 feet. Through
these cliffs tunnels to the number of twenty.

fa LAKE BAIKAl,

seven are being laboriously cut, but in my '

engineer friend's opinion it will be

long
before this strip of rails will be opened.

During the summer two great steamer
cross the lake with the trains on board,
but in the winter the ice is far too thick for
the Baikal or her consort, which I saw firmly
anchored in the ice.

There was a great rush for the sledges
which awaited us, With some difficulty I
secured a place in one, and with all the
wraps I possessed about me started on
my ride, Once out on the lake, however,
there came upon us a steady, piercing
blast that seemed to penetrate my furs as
if they were 80 much paper.

I had never suffered so intensely from
cold in my life before; indeed. for five
minutes I was almost insensible, And
yet the cruel gale was at my back, and the
long lines of troops packed in their sledges
met it face to face.

It was a curious spectacle, this endless
advance of the Russian reinforcements
across this arctic sea. The route was
staked out by telegraph posts placed about
two hundred yards apart. As we swung
along at a good eight miles an hour, our
driver crooning to the horses an odd chant,
the advancing sleighsa seemed to mount
into hundreds and even thousands.

In those carrying troops, six men were
crowded into a sleigh built for three. How
they were able to endure that terrible

} weather passed my underatanding. They
' wore their greatcoats, it is true, but other
| wraps were few among them. ; }
Sometimes I met an empty sleigh with
its soldior passengers tramping along by its
side striving to warm their frozen limbs
Blue with cold and utterly miserable they
seemed, and when a Russian with whom [
travelled assured me that many of them
must be badly frostbitten or even die from
Cae before they reached the other
side I could not but believe him. a
On the outside tracks moved the provision
and store sleighs, the majority with five
horses apiece, dragging slowly forward in
aan ies: I saw several sledges with rails
stic ing ous behind them, but at that time
(Feb. 15) there was no sign of any railway
track being laid across the ice. If such
a feat has nm accomplished, it must have
been at a later date than was announced
in the Russian press.

The surface of the ice was very irregular
and uneven. In places ‘e were foot wide
crevasses and fissures, while here and there
the ice had risen into hummocks, which
nearly jarred me out of my sleigh. Despite
the wind, there was around us @ curious
driving mist that hid the distances.

After two and a half hours we sighted the
greet reat-house, of wood and felt and brick
that is built yearly in the middle of the
lake. A very, palace it seemed to us weary
travellers. Not until after two plates of
soup and some steaming coffee could I find
my legs and feet again. Yet the poor sol-
diers passed it by, making no break in their

{| journey from shore to shore.

|” Jt was with lingering regret that I left

) the hospitable rest-house, and again dis-
appeared beneath my wraps. But even the
crossing of Lake Baikal gomes to an end

| some time, and about six hours after I had
started I arrived at the little town where
my journey was to recommence,

| More troop trains and ever more met us
as we passed westward. After my second

| day the soldiers that they carried changed

| in'type. They were no longer young re-
cruite, but the reserves—well-built, middle-
| aged men, who behaved themselves as vete-

; rans should. :

| For the first time I noticed cannon, each

| train having two trucks containing one gun

| apiece fastened behind it.

| In the whole course of my journey I saw

| no horses being hurried forward, though |
understood that there were several thousand

expected.
| ap pee were beginning to be felt at
the buffets where we halted for our meals.
The peasants had long ceased to bring in
fresh supplies, and the cost of necessaries
steadily rose. Bread doubled, sugar and
coffee trebled. At the same time I noticed

 

in sidings the ordinary trains of commerce
lying half hidden in snowdrifts.

Several Russians on the train who came
from the east of Baikal were talking very
gravely about the situation. The native
tribes grind their own corn, but the Euro-
peans in the towns send their grain to Mos-
cow, from which it returns as flour.

If these flour trains are stopped prices
will soon be rising famine high in eastern
Siberia. Peculation and the bribery of offi-
cials will give the civilians supplies taken
from the war stores; but I can well under-
stand why Russia has sent her convicts into
toe ATHY: She wants nospare mouths te

 

 

wiry Manchurian horses, to charge suddenly

through Harbin's streets, in Wild West

style, shooting off their rifles, and not in-
frequently shooting up a drinking place

| or a whole section of the city that incurred
their disapproval.

Now that Russian soldiers are in Harbin
in great numbers, perhaps the khunkhuz

| have been deprived of this part of their

| pleasure in life. But a year or so ago they
thought nothing of defying the uniform
and the rifle of the Cossack patrol.

The convict is another disquieting social
factor in Harbin. He has been brought
from Siberia for work in connection with
the railroads, and given freedom in many
cases, Indeed, it is no rare thing to find
that this or that official of the town is an
ex-convict.

The paroled white outlaw is no less feared
than the khunkhuz, and apprehension of
both has operated to keep the streets pretty
free of pedestrians at night, except in the
busiest sections. Even there men carry
guns, as in the West, in anticipation
attack and raids, and they not infrequent!
join in the running fights which take place
in the heart of the town between brigands
and convicts and the soldiery.

Taken all in all, life in Harbin is ex-
tremely strenuous, and it undoubtedly
{ grows more so daily, since it is now Russ:c6
| Far Eastern base in her war with Japan

-—an idea! base from any point of view

Even if the Japs succeed in crippling
the Russian railroads, Harbin will still
have her productive fisheries and her great
waterways, which flow through the verr
heart of Manchuria's only two really fertile
plains. These rivers are free of ice from
April to October, and for a year or more
a steamboat company, controlled by the
Russian Government, has been regularly
engaged in bringing to Harbin in great
quantities the products of the plains gra!!'

j and cattle for the populace and soldiert

| alike, and wiry Manchurian horses, f
mous for their staying qualities, for army
transportation and cavalry purposes

In addition to this company, many 'n-
dividual Chinamen, encouraged by the
Russian officials, are engaged in this carry
ing trade and growing rich by i} Sc ead

   
 

ra
‘i
‘

<>

Me

pe

a

pa ES Se pe Se eS ee, ee ee eee

ae

 

- Be «