AER SHAPE IS HER -FORTUNE,
MODELS FOR ADVERTISEMENT
PICTURES ARE WELL PAID,

 

 

ghere Are Scores of Them From the Women
Moved by Personal Vanity to Some
Who Need the Money to Eke Out Small
salaries Faces Altered Sometimes,

None but the blind needs telling that this
js an age of pictorial advertising. There
ave admirers of high art who lament the
fal!, and on the other hand there are dozens
ef women In this city who rojoice over it.
Advertising photographers are not sorry
for it, either

Commercial photography, as it is called,
the making of photographs to be used for
advertising purposes, has arrived at the
dignity of a business by itself in New York.
Almost all the pictures are taken from life,
and the women who pose for them are as
wel] paid, sometimes better paid, than the
painters’ models, and the work is not nearly
so hard

This explains why the same faces figure
so often in the illustrations of women's
hats aud clothes which appear in the news-
in magazines and in store cata-

papers,

esa The manufacturers don’t photo-
grapli dummies any more. They want the
real thing -pictures replete with action
and grace; first class photographs which

have been worked over, retouched, pruned
down or built out with as much care as is
given fo the photograph of a fashionable
Fifth avenue dame,

Some department stores include among
their employees an artist who can sketch
costumes and hats which are tried on by
the store models. Most of these object to
having their faces reproduced in advertise-
ments, so in most cases the sketcher
changes the face of the illustration, some-

times for the reason given, oftener because
they find that a stylish figure is not always
inatched with a pretty face. With few
exceptiois it is pot the young women

employed in stores whose faces appear in
edyertisements which circulate all over
the country. On the contrary, the favorite
ruodels for this business are not employed
regularly in any shop,

For instance, a hairdresser anxious to
illustrate a new hair ornament or the latest
style of hairdressing generally gets his
model outside his shop; and so as a rule
the writer who informs the feminine
public how to arrange its coiffure. Oc-
casionally of late a young woman has been
known to leave a store to become an adver-
tising model.

“None of our employees has ever been
piotographee for advertising purposes,

think, and the faces of very few have
appeared in the sketches, made for our
catalogue,” said the Woman manager of a
department store.

“For one thing, there are surprisingly
few who are really suitable in appearance.
I remember a young Scotch girl, though,
who came here to work about a year ago.
She was timid, modest, a dowdy as to style,
but she had a lovely face. Before long
the way that girl smartened up was wonder-
ful. I discovered that she had a really
beautiful figure, and she was put to trying
on gowns.

“I never saw any one more delighted.
One day she was sketched in an imported
costume, and after that every spare moment
she could get was spent in front of a mir-
ror. Her vanity grew by the yard. I
knew she would not be with us very long.
Sure eneugh, she went to a Fifth avenue
dressmaker whose costumés are often
pictured in the newspapers, as a model,
and now her face is seen everywhere. She
likes it. What is more, she gets good pay.

“There was another young gict
employed here to sew buttons on shoes.
She was a pretty littlething, and as she came
in contact with customers in the shoe de-
partment they Regan to praise her looka

* her! In three months that girk
had changed 80 much that the shoe depart-
ment could not hold her. She got a place
in a wholesale milligery house to try on
hats and pose for iflustrations. om
tere she went on the stage as a chorus
gir! She still poses for photographers.

n ail probability a few years ago, ore
pictorial advertising and f{llustrated fashion
articles were all the rage, those girls, or
girls like them, would have stayed in the
department stores. Now there is another
avenue open for them, and I'm glad of it.

“A prosperous looking yo woman
with whom I am slightly acquainted sur-
prised me very much by saying that there
Was u certain bit of fence in this town she
Just loved because once it sported an il-

does

ustrated advertisement of a stocking
supporter

“Why 2?" I asked.

“Because that advertisement brought

me a couple of dollars at a time when I
didn't have a cent in my purse or know
where iny next meal was to come from,”
she tcla me. Then she told the story.

“Thad been out of work,’ she said, ‘been
laid off for six weeks because business was
dull,-and although I had the promise of
being taken on again in two or three weeks,
how on earth 1 was to manage meanwhile
without any money I. did not know.

“‘T have a good figure, and in desperation
Iwent to several artists and offered myself
fer a model, But at every studio it was
the same story—they had all the models
they wanted. Almost in despair I went
liaplazard to a photographer and {old
him I was looking for Wonk, He ran his
eve over me critically and then asked point
blank: “Have you a well shaped leg?”

“‘l told him I thought IT -had.

“**Woll," he said, “a model has disap-
Printed me and as I have promised some
Pictures for which she was to pose to an
advertiser to-morrow without fail, I am in
a difficulty. L can't wait for her, nor take
lime to send for any one else. If you will
pose for me now I will pay you §2.”

“Before 1 could really think what to say
he called a woman clerk who hurried me
eff to a dressing room and fixed me up in
Silk stockings and the latest thing in a gar-
ter, and the next minute I was posing be-
fore a camera, It was all over in half an
hour, and I went out clutching a two-dollar
bill and thinking yoyfully of something to
€a!. Since then [have posed for him often.’”

Although there are few photographers
In the town, even the highest priced, who
co not from time to time make pictures
for advertising purposes, a few specialists,
1 seems, control most of the business.

(ine of these, whose place is in Broadway,
fays that if there is any line of business
for which he has not made photographs he
wo id like to know what it ia.
ss ‘No," he said in answer to a question,

very few advertisers make their own
photographs. You see so much depends
on the pose and also on the way the pict-
ures are worked up that it is cheaper for
them to have us do the work than for them
‘0 keep two or three artists and bother
about getting models. We supply every-
Lhe but ithe garment or the articles to
advertiser

“Manufacturers of shoes, stockings, jew-
ciry, corsets, fancy belts, scarf pins, cigar-
"es, hooks and eyes and a thousand and
one other things come in or send to us
t sample of their goods and an order to
show it off on a female figure. Sometimes
they specify a particular pose they fancy,
cftener they don’t, I am expected to
know what will be most taking. Generally
1 make two or three poses for every manu-
facturer and the same number of pictares.
T have models tall and short, plump and
lean, suited for different specialties, and,
of course, 1 use judgment in making my
selections. The model who is excellent to
show off a new style slipper might not do
atall for a corset ‘ad,’

For example, A maker of optical goods
came in here a few weeks ago with a small
instrument he called a ‘dropper.’ It was
meant for dropping liquids into the eye
and for personal use, and he’ wanted a
picture which would show a pretty woman
in the act of using it. Of course, he got
what he wanted, sent for a model Tho
has very full, large, round eyes and posed
her in a graceful attitude, head raised,
holding the dropper aloft, a drop just
entering the corner of t eye. o,

of course, no. liquid went n: ow
she posed, else she woola have wiaood ee.

who was |

 

“Where io we get the models? We
don't get them. y come to us and
leave their names and addresses. When

I need one I’send for her. No one is ever
paid less than $1 for posing, but there is
no set price, The pay ‘depynds a.good deal

on the importance of the ‘ad’ and the time
Spent in posing.
“ Coreet els get the most. In fact,

@ woman who can pose for a corset ad-
vertisement can make her own terms
almost. The figure seen in a big corset
display advertisement near Twenty-third
street lately TAs hoard here, and thie ee
woman got $10 for less than one ur’s
work, and a handsome corset thrown in.
She made her bargain with the manufact-'
urer, not with me, She was a fihely de-
veloped woman, with an exceedingly pretty
face, but, of course, her waist is not as
small as it appears in the cut. Our ree
toucher trimmed it in a d bit after the
negative was made. In photography, naw,
we can do almost anything—make @ faulty
nose perfect, a cupid’s bow mouth outof a
straight lipped one, shave off a too full
chin, fill in a hollow neck and eradicate
undesirable lines, and we have to do some
fixing up to nearly every model, so few are
perfectly symmetrical,”

“What sort of women are these models?”

Well, you would be surprised to see
some of theni—ladies born and bred they
are, Then many are chorus girls or be-
funpers in the theatre who want to eke out
their salaries, As a rule they make the
best models, for they are easier to pose than
the others,

“One of the best I have had, though, is a
young lady of good family, who ame
estranged from her people, so she said,
because of a difference of opinion about a
man whom her mother wanted , her to
marry. The girl was of age, so she left
home, moved her trunk to a_ boarding
house and started out to be independent.
A writer for Western papers brought her
in one day to illustrate a_ hairdressing
article, and I her in eight different

itions with her hands to her head. She
had beautiful, fluffy hair, which looked
pretty apy way she twisted it, and she told
me afterward that the story was written
to explain her poses rather than the poses
to illustrate the story.

“Another time [ posed her in a lot of
exercises to illustrate a health article, and
from time to time I employed her for dif-
ferent advertisements. Apparently she had
po objection whatever to the work, and yet
ahe had never earned any maney before.
She said that none of her friends sus-

ted it was her picture thef saw so often
n the papers, although occasionally some
one would comment on the likeness. She
has stopped the work now, I understand,
and has gone back to her relatives.

“A young married woman came in the
other day and gave me an address--not
her own address, however, for she does not
want her husband to know what she is u
to. He is employed in a store, I learned,
and is unable to give her much spending
money,

*‘Twant more pin money,’ was the way
she put it.

“She is a tall, very sdark brunette with
classical feajures and satin-smooth hair,
quite an ancommon type, and I was really
glad to get her. I am afraid, though,
there is trouble in store for her when her
husband finds out what she is doing, and
of course he will find it out.

“One of my prettiest models is a young
widow who supports herself entirely by

osing for advertisements. Her specialty
is ano off dress waists. She would
never do for a painter's model, her figure
is too faulty; but she has a remarkably
stylish air about her, and the most common-
place shirt waist after she slips it on looks
stunning.

“Occasionally | pose a woman who is not
a professional mode! at all, but a relative
or friend of the manufacturer who orders
the advertisement an
of her physical charms that she wants to
see them displayed on billboards, in maga-
zines and in trade papers. These models,
I find, are likely to be troublesome, hard to
manage, dictaterial. 1 prefer the others.

“No, we seldom have a mode! from one
of the retail shops, although I have photo-

raphed occasionally some hats tried on

y a very pretty saleswoman from one of
the department stores. As a rule, store
girls are too proud to do anything of the
sort.” eM

A Fifth avenue photographer confessed
the other day, to illustrate woman’s vanity,
that he himself some time ago posed the

‘wife of a prosperous co Set manufacturer,

who does an enormous business, for a corset
advertisement. She was so arty of her
shape that she wanted to display it.

“bur artist altered the face of the picture
so that it could not be recognized,” said
the photographer; “indeed he was obliged
to, for the reason that the lady’s face was
not so beautiful as her form. But after
all, the lady herself could not keep her
secret, and before long most of her friends
knew that the popular corset advertise-
ment, which came out in all the magazines,
was from a photograph of herself.

“I find, though, that the great majarity
of the advertising models are chorus singers
or actresses with small parts and corre-
spondingly small pay.”

EXILED TO ST. PETERSBURG.

A Tradition tn the Diplomatic Service
Dispreved by Notable Examples.

It is a tradition in the diplomatic service
that when an American statesman is ap-
pointed Minister to Russia he is’ exiled
politically. Somewhat in the same fashion
a recalcitrant or dangerous Russian’ is sent
to Siberia. St. Petersburg, a place of resi-
dence, especially in winter, does not rank
very high among European capitals. Few
Americans visit it and the business between
the two countries which devolves upon the
initiative of the American Minister in the
Russian capital has frequently been small,
But the record of appointments made to
the American Ministry in Russia does not
justify the old tradition. Indeed, it tends
to disprove it.

 

 

 

Diplomatic intercourse between Russia |

and the United States was officially estab-
lished on its present basis in 1809, and the
first American Minister to Russia was John
Quincy Adams. His appointment was not
a bar to his subsequent political prefer-
ment, On the contrary, he became after-
ward the sixth President of the United
States. ,

Under the administration of Jackson,
James Buchanan was American Minister
to Russia, and the acceptance of the posi-
tion does not appear to have injured him
much either, for he became President of
the United States. Under the Van Buren
administration, George M. Dallas of Phila-
delphia represented the United States in
St. Petersburg. A few years later he was
elected Vice-President. _ :

Under the Linooln administration, Simon
Cameron of Pennsylvania was Minister at
St. Peteraburg for a time, and his ac-
eeptance of the office was no bar to his
subsequent activity in Pennsylvania .poli-
tics, in which he remained, for many years
after hia return to the’ United State, the
controlling force, serving as United States
Senator from Pennsylvania until his resig-
nation to make way for his son, Don
Cameron. ;

Marshall Jewel. of Connecticut, who
represented the United States in St. Peters-
burg during the Grant administration, ré-
turned to ome Postmaster-General in
the President's Cabinet and to remain, for
many years afterward, one of the leading
Republicans of Connecticut, and in one
national convention Connecticut's candi-
date for the Republican nomination for
the Presidency. od

John W. Foster, Minister to Russia in
the Garfield administration, became Secre-
tary of State later. Alphonso Taft, Minis-
ter to Russia during the Arthur adminis-
tration, was the father of the present Seere-
tary of War, and was | active in Ohio
Republican politics. Charles Emory Smith,
Minister to Russia during the Harrison
administration, became later one of the
original members of the McKinley Cabinet.
Ethan A. Hitchcock, A! r to Russia
under the McKinley administration—he was
the first of the representatives to grioy the

‘retary

title of A or—is now the
of the Interi6r.

These are only a few of the more con-
epreuce representatives of the United
ates at the Czar's court, t in-
atances cértainly disprove the assertion
that an American representative st 8t.

Petersburg may consider, when he re-
ceives his credentials, that his political life
in the United States is at the poat of
plosed. ;

who is so proud’

VHE

   
   

 

 

 

| POTATOES AND PASTRY AGREED
WIT JIM CORBETT.

 

Therefore Billy Delaney Said, ‘Eat What
You Like’’—"xcessive Road Work
Digoarded—Jack O’Brien Gave Points
to Mritishers—Pediar Palmer Shy.

One day, during the final stages of Jim
Corbett’s preparation at Asbury Park for
his mémorable encounter with John L.
‘Sullivan for the heavyweight champion-
ship of the world in 1892, a veteran sport
came to the ex-champion's quarters while
the latter was at dinner. The sport, who
was an intimate friend of Corbett, and
who alwaya had the Californian’s best in-
terests at heart, stood aghast as he watched
Corbett devour the edibles before him.
On the table in liberal array was plenty of
meat, potatoes and pastry. To him the
idea of an athlete in training partaking of
such a meal, especially potatoes and pastry,
was incomprehensible.

Being in the good graces of the pugilist,
he set about to ascertain the whys and
wherefores of suoh a procedure.

Thinking that perhaps the potatoes and
pastry end of the meal had been surrep-
titiously brought to the quarters and not
wishing to offend Corbett, the sport at once
sought Billy Delaney, Corbett's principal
handler and trainer.

“Billy,” said the sport, approaching
Delaney with an air of subdued authority,
“I think your orders, or, rather, rules, re-
garding Corbett’y training have been
grossly violated. Do you know that Corbett
had potatoes and pastry with his dinner
to-day? I never heard of such a thing—
at least, with a fighter preparing for such
an important battle as Jim has now on his
hands—and I thought it my duty to inform
you,”

Delaney received the sport's informa-
tiop ‘without concern, and simply replied:

“Is that so? Well, I guess Corbett knows
what he {s doing.”

When Corbett went through his exercises
in the gymmasium that day Delaney noticed
that he was more active than formerly in his
work, He had plenty of speed, seemed to be
unusually strorfg, and his wind was excellent.
Especially in his bouts with his boxing
mates, Corbett displayed better judg-
ment, and his blows were delivered as
though there was untold strength behind
them. The sport, who watched Corbett
at his labors, observed this also, but merely
thought that it was part of his daily execu-
tion and consistent with a fighter of his
known skill and reputation.

Just before bedtime the same evening
Delaney said to Corbett. “Jim, you
worked rather fine to-day. In fact, you
were better than ever, and if you can keep
up your present gait and trim you ought
to lick Sullivan without much trouble.®

“Yes,” answered Corbett, proudly. “I
felt like a fighting cock to-da¥y, and I only
hope that I will feel as good to-morrow
‘and so on until the mill is over.”

Delaney hesitated for a few minutes
and then asked: “Did fou eat anything
special to-day for dinner that made you
feel so frisky? Come, tell me, Jim; you
don’t have to be afraid.”

Corbett answered that he only ate his
usual midday meal
“Didn't you have potatoes and pastry

at dinner?”

As Corbett was about to reply Delaney,
cut him short. “That's all right, Jim,”
he observed. “Do as you have a mind to.
ff it agrees with you eat what you like.
ft must have been all right fudging by the
way you worked to-day. Remember I
have no objection as long as it agrees with
you.”

From that day on potatoes and pastry
formed part of Corbett's daily diet and he
apparently thrived on ft, for, when he
entered the ring aga nst Sullivan Corbett
was as fit as a fiddle. Those who have
followed his career since then say that he
never fought better than he did on that
eventful occasion.

Very few persons are aware that that
incident paved the way for an entirely
new aeparny in the training of a fighter,
especially as to diet, dc. In fact it revolu-
tionized the methods of training pugiliste
to such an extent hat preparing a scrapper
for a mill now is vastly different from what
it was two decades ago.

There is probably no more capable trainer
in the business to-day than Delaney. He
bas made a study of it, and to his advice
Jim Jeffries probably owes most of his
success. Delaney really “discovered” the
boilermaker and knows the “big fellow”
like a book. Before Delaney became a
trainer of pugilists he used to handle fight-
ing cocks and fighting dogs. He says
that human beings in training must be
handled with the same skill as birds or
animals.

“Most every trainer has ideas of his
own,” said Delaney, “but the correct: way
is always the best. A man knows what
he wants and will ask for it. A beast or
bird knows what is best for it and will
thrive on the proper kind of food. If a
fighter likes a certain kind of diet and it
agrees with him, by all means Jet him have
it; if it doesn’t he will certainly Jet you
know sooner or later. i

“The firat thing I do when I take charge
of a pugilist’s traming is to teach him regu-
larity. That is, I have certain hours for
certain kinds of work. I give him so much
to do each day and no more. Of course
when he begins to train the work is moder-
ate. There is no use of working him till
he is exhausted the first day he starts to
exercise, You would ruin the best fighter
if you followed such methods, When
banding a fighter I believe in letting him
do plenty of exercising. That is, just the
exercise he wants. All this talk about a
Jot. of road work and other stunts is rot.
When a man is a Santer by profession he
wants to develop all the muscles he uses
while in the ring. If a man is an oaraman
he does a lot of forsee. If he is a walker
or runner, he d a lot of walking and
running ane soon. Of ceurns toed work,
skipping the rope, punching t rag, play-
ing fandball, ee. ia all rfeht in ite way.
But to my mind a fighter should confine
the bulk of his work to boxing, because t hat
is his business and just what he is going
to do when he gets into the ring.

“Jeffries does not do as much road work
as the public supposes. In fact, very few

lists travel from ten to twenty milea
on the road, as the newspapers report; such
a ing is mere folly, because by the
time the man returns to the gymnasium,
after it he is nearly all out and too tired to
do any other work.”

Two fighters very rarely train alike.
Some believe in indulging in every kind
of physioal exercise, while others confine
themselves chiefly to skipping the rope,
boxing and punching the ba A very
popular method of exercise followed by
many fighters is what is commonly known
as shadow fighting. This is battling with
an imaginery foe with light dumbbeils.
All the motions of going through an arduous
‘mill are pel in. The exercise is ex-

m

hilarating, re up the muscles and
develops ‘ So OnRE Griffo is fond of
this kind of work; and when he was training

Island ehadow fighting formed the bulk
of his daily labors in the ne When
Jack O'Brien of Philadelphia first went to
Saglend he introduced the idea over there
and the English pugilista took it up with
cceas. ('Brien says that when he arrivod

for his shad with Jack McAuliffe at Coney
8

in England very few ofthe British Hsts
knew how to train properly. They old-
sahgled ideas, such as rumping, doing gym-

t ot care about

nastic stunta, 40. They did

developing . All play to care
for wag to develop their muscles and per-
fect their wind. O'Brien, who _ knows
every Wrinkle about training in the cor-

geo its re eRe iat

SUN,
Godged.,We put the drop in afterward. | HOW MODERN FIGHTERS TRAIN

_SUNDAY, MARCH 20,

 

 

7. Are speedier and cleverer to-day than
Bob Fitzsimmons is a great stickler for
boxing while in training and usually has

  

two or three sparring partners, Asa rule”

he does his boxing in the afternoon and
takes on his mates for bouts of from five
to six three minute rounds each, That is
one of the reasons why he ie so quick for
& man of his age, Of course constant
boxing in training is trying on the hands,
but this can be guarded against.
Terry McGovern and Young Corbett
have daily sessions with the gloves, but
they pay more attenticn to punching the
bag and skipping the rope. Corbett is
fond of the latter exercise, because he says
that it is the best thing in the world to
develop the wind. Jim Corbett and Jack
Munroe are disciples of handball and do
not think that their daily labors in the
wm are complete without indulging in

pastime.

Gus Ruhlin likes to wrestle. Sharkey
is also fond of mat work, but throwing the
medicine ball he declares ts the best exer-
cise for him. Jack McAuliffe made it one
of his rules to take daily dips in the surf
no matter what the condition of the weather
was. Kid Lavigne often went swimming
when the thermometer was vacillatin
between zero and the freezing point, an
seemed to thrive on such immersions.
Hanae Dixon cares more about road work
than indoor exercise, and it was no uncom-
mon thing for him to taxe a only jog of
from ten to twenty miles when training for
an {mportant mill. Kid MeCoy is very
conscientious as to training and probably
labors harder than any other fighter. He
believes in all around exercise, and is espe-
cially fond of calisthenics. McCoy has a
regular diet and does not care for pastry.
Neither does Jim Jeffries. Both like. their
ale with their meals, and their trainers
allow them a meagre supply of it.

edlar Palmer has novel ideas as to
training and does not cling to any set rule.
He works at what he thinks will do him the
most good and does not always go through
the same movements. Some days he will spar,
while on others he will cut this out and
confine himself to rope jumping, ela
machines and dallying with the bag. 6
never cares to have anybody in the gym-
nasium while training and is very cranky
while at work. When he trained for his
fight with Terry McGovern at Mamaro-
neck he thought it a breach of etiquette
when the manager of the club where the
mill was decided asked him to show several
newspaper men how well he could exercise.
Palmer would not consent to this arrange-
ment until his backer assured him that it
was the custom of pugilists to do so in
this country. At the time Palmer did
most of his boxing in the mornings, and
when the newspaper men reached the
quarters he was boxing with Sam
Blakelock, his trainer. As soon as Palmer
espied the reporters he immediately stopped
and would not continue, although requested
by his backers, All that the Englishman
would say was:

“I cawn't box when Hime looked at.
I wants t' be obliging, but go’ blime me,
I cawn’t do it, y’ know,” and with a polite
salaam, which was his usual custom when
greeting strangers, he withdrew from the
gymnasium and refused to do any work
until the visitors were out of sight.

WHY JOE SMITH WAS MOBBED.

Farly Practices of Mormons That Caused
Their Expulsion From Nauvoo.

Macon, Mo., March 19.—The Rey. H. R.
Trickett, pastor of the Christian Church
here, owns a farm near Nauvoo, the Illi-
nois town founded by the Mormons in
1840. He resided for many years at Nauvoo,
and yet visits the town occasionally.

“Taking its location and general history,
Nauvoo is the most romantic spot in the
West,” remarked Mr. Trickett. “I could
hardly imagine a more beautiful site for
a town. Indeed, the Mormons seem to
have had a peculiarly correct eye for the
beautiful in all the places they selected
for settlement

“Nauvoo is situated at the head of the
rapide, and looks down upon a scene un-
surpassed for majestic beauty in all Amer-
ica, At its feet ia a broad stretch of table
land, fertile as a valley of the tropics, now
covered with yines which produce as fine
a wine as anything that comes from Italy
or France,

“There is no railroad touching Nauvoo.
You have to descend a sharp road to the
river and cross on a ferry to Montrose,
a town on the Keokuk and Northwestern
road, Tradition has it that when the peo-

le of Itlinois began making trouble for
Joseph Smith and his followers he cursed
the place and decl iit should. n
grow and have raili ‘
like modern towns,

“There was a valid reason for opposi-
tion to the old Mormons, as they were
called. Joseph Smith and his brother
Hiram sought to establish a sort of in-
dependent Kingdom in the heart of the
United States, Some of their adherents
became careless of the rights of other
people's property,

“There came an alleged revelation like
this: ‘The world is the Lord's and belongs
to his people,’ to which the Mormons added:
‘And we are his people.’ Old. citizens
have told me they had to tie their horses
outside their bedroom windows, with one
end of the rope wrapped around their
hands as they slept, else they would
wake up and find their animals gone.

“Some professing the greatest piety
were guilty of thefts and outrages of vari-
ous kinds. There was a sort of public
aaiety society known as The Whittlers.

“When an officer would come over from
the county seat toservea writ, orto arrest
a man for stealing, these Whittlers would
suddenly, as if by chanoe, appear on the
scene, with pine sticks and long knéves.
They would be whittling with seeming
indifference, but all the time the Whittlers
would increase in number and, with af-
fected carelessness, close in on the officer.

“When he was completely surrounded,
hemmed in and at the mercy of a score
of long, cruel knives, one of the Whittlers
would say, as if disoussing the weather

“'Going back soon, ain't you? Looks
a bit like rain.’

“The officer generally took the hint, and
went back—alone.

“The Le against the Mormons
which resulted in the death of Joseph and
Hiram Smith at Carthage at the hands of a
mob was.not because of general indig-
nation over their religious views, but be-
cause of their defiance, of the Government.
I don't think polygamy was practised.

“The sect was really at war with the
United States, and did not recognize the
rights of life or property unleas under the
protection of their belief. The Church
was supreme, and the State must bow to it.

“The Whittlers were known in Utah as
Danites, a sort of Mafia organization of
cutt ts and’ assassins. lt was a-body
pie to rid the Church of its enemies.

“The tithing house or treggury, where
the faithful deposited regularly a tenth of
their income, and the residence of Joseph
Smith still remain at Nauvoo. The old
Mormon residences were built strongly and
in a workmanlike manner. Many ot them
to-day are in a better state of preservation
than structures that were built years after
the expulsion.

“Most of the houses were constructed
close oF to the sidewalks, in old English
style. In fact, a large portion of Nauvoo
suggests an old English village, dropped
down from the early part of last century.

“The Mormon convert® of Smith who
ave the Government most trouble were
the riff-raff of Europe—imalcontents, an-
archists and ne'er-do-wells. For them it
Was an ideal colony. They became the
most loyalof Church men, and at the same
time the most violent of jaw breakers.

Travellers were held up, farmers robbed
and law enforcers tapped over the lead—
all in the name of the Church. The object
seemed to be to drive awey settlers, and the
destruction of property values,so that the
Mormons might gather in all the land about
Nauvoo. At last the situation became
unendurable, and the people rose up and
expelled the whole outfit, and shot and
killed the two prophets.

“Many of the descendants of those who
did not approve of the views of Smith and
his lieutenants are yet living at Nauvoo,
and are am the best citizens of the town.
There are quite a number of those who

 

ve.

Yeot way, showed the Britons a few tricks. | ‘style themselves Latier Day Saints. These

od t" when ter Be ee eae be old
6 °
ways, with Se ca that the Bngich bruie-

are honest, thrifty and law abidi ople
whom any town would be glad ny r

‘among its citizens.

CN SSS
SE
——$——

  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
   

ROWNING FOLLY
OF SPOTSWOOD.

Fate of a Man Who Butted In at
Many Things and Finally at
a Game of Poker.

It was a quiet, sunny afternoon, or even-
ing as they ealled it there, and the loungers
in Old Man Greenhut’s saloon were sitting
in their usual patient indifference as to
whether anything happened or not, when
suddenly their attention was attracted
by the noise of a pistol shot up the street,

It might be supposed that such a thing
would have sent ell hande to the open door
to see what had happened, or woukd at least.
have provoked some comment, but it did
not. Not one of the half dozen men who
sat there, smoking, stirred from his seat.
Not one spoke e word.

A close observer would have noticed,
however, that they all took on a listening
expression, and that Greenhut himeelf, who
had been busy behind the bar, stopped
washing his glasses, and stood motionless,
but intent.

They had not long to wait. After a few
seconds there came the sound of two shots
almost together, and then an irregular fu-
sillade that seemed to indicate by the grow-
ing loudness of the reports thet some person
or persons were moving rapidly toward the
saloon.

Jake Winterbottom, then, without un-
due haste, arose and stepped to the door,
Not even yet did it appear that there was
any occasion for excitement. A mere shoot-
ing affray, as such, was a form of enter-
tainment for which the inbabitants of Ark-
ansas City cared little.

What Winterbottom saw and reported
however, had an instant effect.

“Hit's that politician feller,” he said,
“an' Joe Bassett an’ a posse is a pursuin'
of him.”

Instantly the half dozen were on their
way to the door, but with an agility that
would not have been suspected from a
casual survey of his bulky proportions
cld man Greenhut
end of his bar and pushed his way through |
the group, reaching the doorway first.
He had grasped his bungstarter as he came,
and raising it aloft he struck a fine attitude
on his threshcld, as one who would defend
the entrance right manfully.

“Stand back, all o’ ye,”he shouted, “an’
don't get in the way if I should find oc-
casion to swing this here. There ain't
no man in this town goin’ to say't he didn’t
get fair play, an’ what sort o' fairness would
it be to let that feller get inside here, where
they couldn't shoot at him? Let him do
his runnin’ out doors. Besides, [ ain't
goin’ to have my place all mussed up with
no more ‘shootin’ scrapes.”

Accordingly the others stood back, ex-
cepting Sam Pearsall, who pushed along
with one hand on his hip pocket.

“If that’s the case,” he said, “mebbe you'd
better let me step outeide. IT reckon I'll
take a shot at that feller, just for luck,”

And they made way for him to go outside.

The panting wretch ran swiftly down the
street, looking to right and left for refuge,
but seeing no open door excepting Green-
hut’s. When he would have swerved
to enter that, he saw the group in the door-
way and noted Greenbut's posture, and
Pearsall's attitude as well, and he changed
his course, running toward the outer edge
of the levee. ©

It was g bad mistake, for Pearsall had
held his fire while he was in line with his
pursuers, fearing that a shot might miss
him and strike some one behind him. When
the runner iurned, however, he got out of
range of the others and Pearsall raised his
revolver. ‘

In another moment the stranger fell,
and the men who were after him rushed up.
One or two more ghots were fired, but they
were not needed,

When Greenhut saw that the chase was
over he stepped back inside his place
d
preparing for @ rush of business.
experience had taught him when to expect
it. The others who had been in the seloon
sauntered over to where the stranger lay,
and joined in the discussion that ensued,

1t was not a particularly noisy discussion,
for there was practical unanimity in the
sentiments expreased, but for all that it
appeared to be provocative of thirst, and in
a few moments the crowd reassembled in
front of Greenbut’s bar.

When an appropriate interval presented
itself, Greenhut said:

“How did it happen, Joe?”

And Joe Bassett, who was the Sheriff, said:
“Well, it were sort 0’ sudden at the last,
but it bad been a comin’ for some days, an’
I'd beep warned to look out for it.

“'Pehra this here stranger was sent here
to see what he c’d do with the nigger tote
in this districk, an’ he went about it mighty
ornery. Bein’ a white man didn't seem
to be no privilege in his eyes,an’ he went
among ‘em like no white man would if he
was right.

“He were talkin’ to three or four of ’>m
up the street just ngw an’ some citizen

   

passin’ by heer’d some o' the talk. I don't
rightly know whaj 'twas 'twas said, but the
citizen he cu him for a dog an' was

passin’ along peaceable when this Watkins
called on the niggers to lick him.
“Just naturally this made the citizen mad
an’ he turned an’ shot. I don't know as
anybody knows who the citizen is, an’
it don't matter. Any white man ‘'d ha'
done the same thing, o' course.
“Well, one shot led to another, o’ course,
an’ Watkins took a hand in it hisself, so |
just had to step in an’ preserve the peace,
an’ with a little assistance I done it.”
After another round of drinks had been
disposed of, as a natural sequence of the
story, old man Greenhut said:
“'Minds me of what I knowed of happenin
to a feller from Greene county that was
allays a-buttin’ in down to Vicksburg when
I was tendin’ bar down there for old man
Faulkner,
“Thia feller was named Hank Spotswood
an’ they said he had folks that was some-
body up the State. Mebbe he had.
didn't never look up his pedigree, for I
never seen the use o' tryin to find out the
breed of a yaller dog pervidin' I knowed
he were ius a plain yaller dog.
“An when I sees anybody that’s bent on
buttin in all the time, no matter what's
goin’ on, I allays set him down for the
yaller dog breed.
“Well, this here Spotswood was one o'
them kind. ‘Peared like he could never
‘tend to his own business, partly because
he hadn't none to tend to, I reckon, 'count
0’ his havin’ some little money o’ his own
an’ no call to do nothin’, but more ‘cause
he allays had more'n any one man o'd do,
to 'tend to things that didn't concern him
noway.
“Vicksburg wasn't nigh so big a place
then as 'tis now, but it were a right smart
town, even then, an’ there was things
doin’ f'm time to time that was mighty
interestin' to them that was interested in
‘em. I recollect a fine cockfight that was
conidn’ off one night.
“There was a feller named Babcock that
had a speckled bird that he ‘lowed o'd
lick anything 't wore feathers an’ crowed,
an’ he'd done so much blowin' about it
that some on us got tired listenin’. S80 we
got hold o' young Pendleton—he was the
prpbehec's son—an’ got him to pit a bird o’
is'n against Babcock's speckled one.
“We knowed Pendleton was game,
an’ we knowed his bird were a good one,
for we knowed the breed, but the boy were
on ae boy, an’ he were desprit afeared
Q' his old man. So we made all arrange-
ments to keep the thing quiet an’ there
were a rattlin’ good fight just beginnin’
when the preacher waiked in. ‘Pears
Spotswood had gave him some informa-
on. .
“Another time there was two citizens
come together in a way that seemed likely

    

‘to séttle a lon

,an' see if there wa'’n't as good

’
rushed around the ! 42,

 
  
  
 
 
   
  

 

 

standin’ difficulty that
were a good deal of a disgrace to the place.
More’h that it did seem altogether prob-
able that consid’able benefit would come
out o' the meetin’, 'cause 'twant no ways
likely there'd be but one on ‘em left after
the two had finished their argument.

“They'd had words, an’ there'd been
a_ blow struck, an’ they was just drawin’
when Spotswood butted in with a chair
in one hand, an’ knocked one on'’em down,
an’ then choked the other. He werea pow-
erful built man.

“Just naturally he didn't get popular.
He were a decent enough sort, on‘y for his
allays buttin' in like he did, but he done
80 much o' that that the citizens got tired
of it. I couldn't begin to tell all the things
he did like them two about the cockfight
an’ the two men arguin’, but there was
lots of ‘em an’ it went on for a year or (wo,
80's 't everybody cot plumb tired.

“Finally Joe Green come to town an’
said he "lowed he'd settle them. Said he
was tired o’ traveilin’ the river.

“He'd done tol’able well on the boats,
but he were sick o’ ridin’ an’ ‘lowed he'd
start a little game in Vicksburg fora while,
business
to be did on shore as on the boats.

“He got consid’able encouragement, on'y
one or two says to him, jokin’ like, 't he'd
better look out for Spotswood, He didn’t
seem to be none disturbed, though, when
they told him who Spotswood was an’ what
he was in the habit o’ doin’, an’ he went
ahead an’ fitted up a room back o’ Faulk-
ner’s saloon an’ started a tol'able good game
agoin'.

“O’ course, in a place like Vicksburg was
then, ‘twa'n't no time at all afore every-
body knowed what was doin’. There
wa'n't no effort made to keep it quiet, for
it were expected that there'd be poker an
faro goin’ on somewheres, an’ it might as
well be in one place as another. | i

“But if we had tried to keep it quiet
*twouldn’'t ha’ been no use, for everybody'd
ha’ knowed it just the same, Anyhow,
they did.

“'Mongst others, 0’ course, Spotswood
knowed it. He'd ha’ knowed it if nobody
else had. Well, he come ‘round, nosin’
in, three or four oars a'ter Green opened
up, an’ come into the room like anybody
would, just naturally, like he were lookin
for a game.

“Green were dealin’ faro hisself, when he
come in, an’ he walks over to the layout an
buys a stack o' chips and begins playin’,
for he were tol'able sporty hisself, an’
might ha’ been a tol'able good citizen on’y
for buttin’ in like he did.
for quite a spell, There was others playin’,

mongst ‘em was Buck Haskins.
Haskins was half loaded, an’ was scat-
terin' his bets like a man has no business
to do ’thout he's cold sober, ‘cause its con-
sid'able of a strain to watch half a dozen
bets at once, specially when you're copperin’
some and playin’ some to win.

“Buck had a bet on the six sobpertc. an’
one on the eight to win, besides those others
on the heard: one turn, an’ the cards come
eight, six. Green reached over to PAY the
eight, an’ as he did 80 his coatsleeve brushed
the copper off the stack on the six spot.

“O' course it might ha’ been a accident
an' then again he might ha' done it inten-
tional, but the way the chips stood, if nobody
notioed it, he’d just naturally take ‘em in.
Buok didn’t notice it. 'Peared like his
intellect was some overloaded betwéen
red liquor an’ too many outstandin’ bets,
80 Green was just takin in the chips when
Spotawood butted in. ;

“'Seems like that bet on the six was cop-
pered,’ he says, very mild, an’ Buck he wakes
up sudden an’ makes a holler an' Green
has to him.

He Mian’ t say much, but he looks at
Spotswood kind o' queer, an’ he says:

“Was you interested in that bet, sir,’
an’ Spotswood says: ¥

“'No, but I happened to notice.’
Green says: et

“Pears like you was mighty noticin.
But there wa'n't no disturbance, not then.

“The next night Spotswood comes in
again, like he was lookin’ for more faro,
him havin’ won a little the night afore,
but there wa'n't no faro goin.’ Green was
playin’ poker, an’ there was five men playin’
with him.

“Spotswood walks over to the table an’
aske if they'll give him a hand, but two
or three at the table, havin’ no use for him,
speaks up an’ says they don't want to play
seven handed, 80 Spotswood, bein’ as he
can't get into the game, stands by lookin’

0

An’

n,
“There can't nobody make no objection
to that, very well, so they plays along for a
spell, an’ pretty soon Spotswood seems to
get very much interested. He don't say
nothin’, but he watches mighty close.
“Pretty soon it comes (jreen’s deal again,
an’ there's considerable doin’.
come in, an' one on ‘em raises afore it
comes to Green, an’ he raises again.

  

  

ree CO zw.
“They all take cards, Green helpin’ his-
self to one, an’ then, o’ course, it were Day-

ton’s bet, him settin' next to the age, but |

just as he was goin’ to show some chips
forward, Spotswood butted in again.

“‘T wouldn’t advise you to make no bet,
Dayton,’ he says, ‘not while that man is
dealin’ the cards.'”

Old man Green had paused when he had
reached this point, and belecting a fresh
cigar from a box behind the bar he bit the
point off and lighting it carefully proceeded
to smoke slowly and deliberately.

The others waited for a time, thinking he
would resume his story, but finding that he
seemed to have no such intention Jake
Winterbottom asked:

“Well, what happened then?”

“What happened then?” repeated Green-
hut. “Well, Jake, I'm surprised at you.
Don't I tell vou that the man butted in on a

ame o' poker when he wa'n't even one o'
the players?

“The boys could stand anything short o'
that, but when'that happened there wa'n't
but one thing could ap peH We buried
him decent, for as I said he was a pretty
decent sort on'y for his habit o' butting in;
but that habit, along the Mississippi any
ways, most gen’ly leads upto one end when
its carried Ri enough, as this here man
Watkins found out to-day.”

FLOOD HELPED THE FISHING.

Anglers Looking for Good Sport in the
Ramapo River This Spring.

Many fresh water fishermen are getting
ready to try their luck in the Ramapo River
as soon as the season opens. Reporte from
the villages along the Erie indicate that
pickerel, black bass and other of the less

amy fish will be very plentiful this year
in that part of the river south of the village
of Ramapo which lies under the shadow
of the Torne Mountain.

The great flood which swept through
the Ramapo Valley last fall carried away
the dam of Cranberry Lake, a well stocked
preserve of more than 100 acres in area.
It is situated in a private park owned by
the Pierson family, in a range of hills a
mile or more northwest of the village.

The water poured down the mountain
side cutting a gorge 75 feet wide. Millions
of fish were swept pone with the torrent,
and those that survived the rush eventu-
ally found their dd into the Ramapo
pond, lying to the north of the Erie station.

The old dam, which had withstood the
spring freshets of many years, gave way and
the pond, long famous for its pickerel and
bass, was emptied. When the waters sub-
sided thousands of dead rock bass, sunfish
and other «mall fish were found in the
meadows along the river ba/ k.

Comparatively few larg / fish were seen
by those who explored the ruins left by the
flood. The native fishermen believe that
the big fellows escaped with their liver
and took refuge in the deep holes with
which the Rama abounds, where they
will be ready for business when the proper
time arrives.

 

 

Affinity of Meteorites for Mountains.

‘ From the Patladelphia Record.

A total of 634 meteorites Was known up to 1903,
of which there were 182 trons and only 74 stones In
the western hemisphere, and 208 stones and only
7® jrons in the eastern hemisphere. The records
show only the fall of 350 of these meteorites, dating
back to the fifteenth century. Prof. Berwerth of
Vienna, despite this small number of known spect-
mens, calculates that 900 meteorites must fall to
the earth each year, not counting shooting stars
that disappear In the atmosphere, and that 55 of
these at least should come under observation. Prof.
Berwerth finds that meteorites have been chiefly
recorded in civilized countries, but that In many
Instances they are more numerous in thinly settled
districts, and that they have an especial affinity
for mountainous arcas. q

|
'
|
|
|
|
“Well, he has fair luck, an’ he plays along

   

ee eee She eee

Three men |

The j as a toreh.,
t

    
     

 

HARD TIMES FOR BR’ER WOLE

HIS LIFE,

He Has Been Starved, Potsoned and Hunted
by Organized Bands--Scheme to Rid a
Lake Superior Region of His Presence—
Fate of a Band In South Dakota Sug
gests Scheme for Exterminating Pest.

AGAINST

 

Wolves have had a particularly tard tine
this winter, Not only bave they been hunted,
fed on poisoned meat and beset with traps,
but, on account of the deep snow and extreme
cold, they have been almost starved to death,

Jn many parts of the West hunting parties
were organized and the beasts have
yursued to their death Farmers near Papil-
ion, Neb., suffered so frequently from their
raids that they formed an expedition, scoured
several adjoining counties and were 80 BUC.
cessful that the wolves were practically
exterminated in the neighborhood,

A thousand persons joined in a wolf hunt
in Cass county, Mo. Phe hunters with 200
hounds closed in around a tract of land where
the wolves made their home; every foot of
the ground was gone over and not a wolf,
either big or little, was left alive.

Wolves became such ap annoyance to stock
and poultry raisers of Wise county, Tex.,
that an appeal for help was made to the Com-
missioner’s court. Weekly wolf hunts were
held last month in the neighborhood of Wells-
ville, Kan., and at each hunt in the round-up
a number of wolves were shot,

eeu

Superior, Wis., sportsmen have a plan
for wolf hunting which is said to have proved
u success in Russia and Finland

Every morning at daylight many wolves

are seen on the ice of Lake Superior near
Superior, Half starved by lack of food in the
timber lands, they seek the ice where they
devour the bodies of sea gulls whieh are
starying by hundreds all along the loke

Ther do not hasten to seck cover when
daylight appears, but often remain on the
ice until after Ss o'clock. Under these cire
cumstances the Superior sportstoen favor
an assault

Their plan is to be on hand along the lake
shore before daylight and give the wolves
an early morning wreeting, With men in
sleighs, men on horses, and men on skis the

wolf would stand a mighty poor chance for
his life,
Dogs would also be set free in relays with

a view of tiring out the wolves and bringing
them within the reach of the rifles. As a
result it is thought that wolves will be entirely
wiped out of the adjoining country,

Wolves have been particularly aggressive
this past winter in the Northwest, and many
Tarrow escapes of human beings have been
reported, One story told is that a sleightone
of people in Cass county, Minn., were pursued
by a pack of wolves. The pursued dropped
doughnuts along the way and the wolves
fought so hard for the delicacies that the
whole party got home in safety. Two Inmber
men in the employ of Bain Simpson, a logger
operating in the neighborhood of Duluth,
Minn., heard the how! of a woll when they
were about a mile from their eabin The
men hastened toward camp but did not ape
prehend any real danger,

In a few minutes a wolf was heard at much
closer range. Then several were heard at
various points. The men could think of nos
body that the wolves had in view for supper
but themselves, and they broke into a run.

‘hey arrived breathless at their camp,
three wolves following them to within 150
feet of the cabin door. Ten minutes liter
the howls of wolves in the vicinity indicated
that a great pack had assembled,

“If you want to get. a record as a first class
runner,” said one of the lumber men who
had escaped, “just get out some place and get
yourself chased by a puck of wolves, You
will find that you have more muscles in your
body than you have any idea of

“You want to imagine every jump that they
are about to spring on you, and wonder
whether or pot it will hurt when they ure
gnuwing the flesh from your bones

“I know that 1 can beat the ten seconds
class of runners in a walk.”

Another encounter is reported by Alex-
ander Morrissey of Turtle River, B.C, While
crossing an arm of Lake Manitoba, and at
some distance from the shore, he wus sur-
rounded and attacked by twelve or fifteen
ferocious wolves, Morrissey had two hounds
and an axe with him, and bad it not been for
these, he says, there is no doubt that he
would have beer torn to pieces.

The hounds fought hard and one of them
was killed. The tracks in the snow from
where the attack began to the slore was
described by Morrissey. as a trail of blood:
for he said that he had sueceeded in killing
and wounding a number of his assailants.

 

Otto Bremmer, an employee of the Schror-
der lumber camp in Cook county, Minn.,
while going to Tafte for supplies was pure
sued by a pack of wolves. He had a bundle
on his back, and reaching for a garment
therein set it afire and ran with flames stream-
ing behind him.

When one garment was consumed he lighted
another and finally the sack itself was used

Tafte

wusikwed it
a B. ih t ucd in het
suit, but were kept ata distance by the blaze.
Bremmer reached Tafte completely exhausted
by his race for life.

, FE, Johnson, inspector for a telephone
company, and J, H Amey, a traveller, when
driving wbout six miles from Winnipeg, saw
that they were pursued by a pack of eighteen
wolves. The men were unarmed and practi-
cally helpless. All they could do wis to dash
their horses

Gradually the wolves gained on the team,
and as they came within reach Johnson beat
at the wolves, while Amey shished the horses
For three mites this race continued

When the horses were almost falling from
exhaustion they reached a settlement in Stony
Mountain, and the wolves slunk off into the
bush.

he had. stripped

Bafore he reached
5 to the

     

Frank D. O'Neill, sheep commissioner
for Custer county, Mom, in bis report made
last week said that wolves and coyotes had
destroved in that region 26,000 sheep, repre.
senting a loss of $65,000 in a single year

The deer in northera Minnesota and Datcota
have had ull winter almost a complete im-
munity from wolves. ‘There has been a deep
snow on the ground all over the region sinee
Noy, 10, but the weather has been so cold
that the snow remained light and no crust
formed until quite recently

While the snow was light
deer could easily keep out of the way of
wolves, But now, on the frozen surface
the sharp hoofs. of the*deer strike through
to the solid ground, while the wolf, with his
big furry paws, runs lightly on the top

she deer thus fellan easy vietind to their
flerce, half famished enemies

and deep the

Lauren Weston, a trapper of the Big Fork
River district, Minnesota, thinks that he has
proved the close kinship between wild dogs
and wolves. He lives eight iniles from
Ripley, Miun., and the neighborhood is ine
fested with wolves

They gave him frequently a nicht serenide
often approaching his cabin so closely tha’
on moonlight nights their gaunt formes goul

be easily outlined from his window Traps
and guns were tried in vain to subdue them.
Then he set out poisoned ment, ind as a re

sult three scalps were forwarded a few daye
afterward to the auditor of the county for
bounty.

A fourth sealp was secured.
of a dow, a black scraggy dogs

Weston said that he had seen from tent
a dozen wolves in the pack that surround
him, and had noticed that one of them w
black, but not until be found the anir
poisoned did he suspect that it was not @&
thoroughbred wolf

It was that

The people of Lyman county, South Dakota,
have been freed of wolves ina very peculiar
manner. About four years 1go a Cominission
firm shipped inte the county from Texas
10,000 head of cattle for the range. It proved
toebe a herd that was sli¢hthy affected with
‘Texas itch, und the result wars the contanue
nation of all the range cuttle to a greater or
less degree

Wolves and coyotes ate the dead animale
and became infected with the disease
Was no uncommon sikat this winver to see
them stiivering on the prairie deveid of barr.

Muny of the animals died from the effects
of cold, and the stocktnen believe that the
entire extermination of the pest is a matter
of but a short time

, or Tertiary Blood Poison

anently Cured. Yon can be treated at home

a same guaranty. Capital $100,000. We solicit

the most obstinate casos, We have cured the worst
in 15 to 35 days

If you have taken mereury,

potash and still have aches and pains, Mucus
ches in Month & Th imples, Copper.
red Spots, Uleers on any f the body, Hair
brqws c Re write for proofs of cures

00 emedy Co.

20 KAPONE TEMPLE, Udicage, Li, me Sook Prot

       

  
   
 
 
  

  

eres

a