|
|
|
|

|
it |

eet Oat et re Im RB A

re ee SRE

4

=~ © -S tae OU

 

 

in the stand would give the bothered-look- |
Binet, |, the Drute yell and shout at him

 

ACING ON THE
OUTLAW TRACKS.

Schemes by Which Ingenious Men |
and Good Natured Horses
Won Money.

 

“The fellows who raced at the old outlaw
ring-around-rosies in Maryland, Virginia
and West Virginia had a laugh coming the
other day over the virtue ‘of the New
Orleans track officials in ruling off Tommy |
Griffin for walking a scrag dummy filly
around the paddock in place of his good
one, Swen Pepper, before the race in wnich
tne iatter was to make her début,” said a
veteran of the game who has been around
racing barns since the days of four-tmile
heats. “It seemed to them as if Tommy
ought to have been allowed to get by with
a little one like that.

“The rod that he had in pickle was for
the smooth and well-nourished hides of
the bookmakers, and the old outlaws can't
Understand why any kind of a rig-up that
has for its purpose the flagellation of the
layers shouldn't receive the unanimous |
indorsement of press, public and racing, |
authorities, In the outlaw days the man |
on the high stool was regarded by owners
ax a snake that had to be scotched, and
any old kind of gag that had this com-
mendable achievement in view was held |
to be praiseworthy. '

“Tt was, of course, a case of dog eat dog, |
for the bookmakers operating on the des- |
perado merry-go-rounds had a_ secret i
service system agoing that would |
made the St. Petersburg house-to-house |
police look like a bunch of hanky-pank |
Iowa constables in a show down. The |}
scouts and spies of the ring men dug up}
and enabled their employers to copper }
about one of every two frame-ups that the i
hard-thinking owners and trainera incu- }
hated in the top floor rooms of bum hotels. |

“But the scheme dopers never grew }
discouraged, and as quick as one cunnin’ ;
little you-hookies-lose job was prodded |
and spoiled by the layers’ inside men an- ;
other fresh one would be woven, 80 that
the Hawkshaws of the price makers had
to stand three watches a day, each of eight
hours

“Mere ringing became such coarse work
on the outlaw tracks that the sure enough
sinart owners came to regard it as just
ebildishness, fit work only for Wisenheimers

|
|
|

 

 

have

who valued smart aleck reputations among
the dead games more than they did the coin.
The real shot putters at the outlaws knew
at least 114 better schemes for spiking
the.cush than running ringers, and such
a chaste little thing as Tommy Griffin's
stunt of parading a stiff in the paddock
instead of the honest and truly one would
have been laughed at by the ingenious
bunch as a piece of work proceeding from
the booby hatch. '

“You've heard a lot, of course, about the
marvellous intelligence of those old outlaw
horses—how good old Blitzen, for example,
used to rubber for a flash at the price against
him on his way to the post, so that he'd
know what was expected of him. Oh, those
outside-the-pale ponies knew their stall
mess numbers, all right, and any little old
thing that they could do to boost the for-
tunes of their owners along they did willingly
and in a cheerful spirit.

“You may believe it or not, but blamed
if I didn't know an outlaw owner. at Wheel- {|
ing, who had one of his speedy and good-
natured old plugs trained to simulate lame-
ness in his warm-up gallops and on his way
to the post.

“Before sending the horse out to warm j
np before a race, the owner ‘ud give the old
chap a tap on the prop that the horse was
to pretend was to the bad, and then the deep |
old crab would limp out on to the track |
and make out as if it was all he could do |
even to put that foot on the ground. '

“He'd hobble around in his work-out |
like a castaway dog that has had a paw
stepped ou by a percheron hitched to a|
brewery wagon, and the sympathetic bunch ;

‘

that he ought to be ashamed of himself
to start a horse in that pitiable condition.

“Then the stewards—far be it from me to
say that they were in on the dough-cut—
would hold a little consultation as to the
condition of the horse, and end by announc-
ing that it was too late to have the horse
seratched, and that he’d have to go to the
post and do the best he could, bum prop or
not.

“Meanwhile, of course, the horse's price
in the ring would have soared to write-
your-own-ticket proportions, and the money
would all be got down in the city poolrooms
on the second line of betting, after the skate’s
odd:. had gone skyscraping.

“Lo give the thing the proper air of veri-
similitude, the crafty old sprinter would
hobble to the post for the line-up on three
legs, just as he had warmed up. But when
the flag fell he would shin to the front on
four legs as good as a horse ever stood on,
and proceed to make his field look like
a busted bagful of last year’s seedling onions
that have taken root and sprouted in the
cellar. ' .

“Even then, the swell old four-legged
sport wouldn't queer the gag by walking
back to the paddock on sound feet, He'd
no sooner breeze firet under the wire than
he'd begin to favor that phony bum hoof
again, and he'd limp back to the paddock
as if in addition to his lameness he'd picked
np @ couple of boulders and a few railroad
spikes on his way around the track,

“That made it so strong that there wasn't
a chance in the world for a beef anywhere,
The horse had been lame going to the post,
hadn't he? He’d won in spite of his obvious
Jameness, and had limped back to the pad-
dock after the race, hadn't he? Sure!
Nothing to that!

“Such a good horse that he’d been able
to beat the crabs opposed to him on three
legs—that's all there was to it. But, at
that, the bookmakers wouldn’t put up
much of a bleat, because the shredding had
all been done in the city poolrooms.

“This was one that could only be worked
once on each track, but the owner of the
horse, who knew the game of old crippled
aoldier,got away with it on three of the oug-
Jaws that | know of, and each time he pulled
down énough to give the barn wolf the
hoot for a long time ahead,

“Ten minutes before the first race at
Wheeling one day the owner of the horse
that was the natural favorite in the betting
Was seen by the bunch in the paddock to
hane his black stable foremen a swift jar
on the nose, and then follow this up by a
series gf straight jabs and uppercute that
made the foreman's map look a chart of
Manchuria that’s been left out all night and
rained on.

“*You double-crossing cut-throat!’ the

en

“owner of the favorite was howling at his

foreman all] the time that he punched him,
‘don't you try to tell me that you didn't
know that that horse was going to run
to-day, and that you gave him a full feed
only an hour ago because you thought that
to-morrow was his day to run!’ and he
handed the dinge another hot paste in the
teeth,

“*"Deed ah dun fo'got it, boss,’ the
coon foreman protested, trying to shield
“ig face with his arms, ‘Ah can’t read de

  

 

did. Ah thought deol’ hoes wasn’t uh-goin’
tell t'morruh, or Ab sho’ nevuh would ’a’
fed him lak ah did,’

“The dead-sore-looking owner passed the
dinge another couple of clips on the diagram,
and then he went a-roaring to the stewards.

“ ‘Gentlemen,’ he said to the stewards,

“1 have to ask permission to draw my

horse from this race. The crazy nigger
that oversees my stock fed him only an
hour ago, claiming that he'd forgot that
the horse was going to race to-day, and
of course that makes him useless.’

“Then the owner passed the stewards
the high sign of the Ossawotamies, and
they were next,

“We sball have to decline such permis-
sion,’ the top steward gravely announced.
"There's going to be no jobbery around
thie track! You get your horse saddled
for the post, sir. He's going: to be can-
tered around the track whether he runs his
race or not.’

“ ‘But do you think it’s square to force
me to take a chance on ruining my horse
by racing him only an hour after he's had

' cal'ndah, an’ Ah dun got mixed, deed Ab

a full feed?’ said the owner with a swell |

imitation of sulkiness, giving the stewards
the No. 2 sign so as to make them dead
certain where they stood.

“‘Your horse is entered, sir, and the
betting on him has been in progress for
twenty minutes, and it is your affair to see
that your horse is fit,’ snappily replied the
top steward. ‘That's all. You a * your
horse ready for the starter.’

“The owner went down the stand steps
growling that it wasn't giving the public
a fair shake to insist upon a fed horse start -
ing that was bound to be last. The stew-
ards, winking the off lamp, ordered him
to cease his murmuring on pain of being
suspended.

“The horse figured a legitimate 1 to 3

shot on Iris recent performances, but when |

the bookies’ runners heard this confabula-
tion of the owner with the stewards they
raced into the ring and told the layers
about it, and they h’isted the price to 5 and
even 8 to 1, with the idea of nailing the
sucker money. They nailed a lot of it, at
that.

“The horse, looking as dopey as a fox
terrier pup that's just eaten a couple of
hats and a pair of slippers or so, lounged
up to the post, got away at the first break,

j

Tie TROUT.

 

Sacrifice Made by the Judge Who
Had the Reputation of Be-
ing Hardhearted.

From the French of Andre Theuriet.

“Catherine!”

“Monsieur Sourdat!”

“T leave the trout in your care.
one eye to the soup-stock; don't

Have
forget

white wine, parsley, thyme, a bit of garlic

and laurel leaves, plenty of onion.”

“Do not fear, monsieur; it will all be seen
“And not any vinegar, remember; nothing
but a slice of lemon. Have the table set
by half past 10, and breakfast ready to
serve at 11. Do you hear?
minutes past 11, At 11!”

Having delivered, in his usual harsh
tone, these instructions to his cook, M.
Sourdat, Juge d'Instruction at Marville,
left. his house and crossed the square, going
toward the Palais de Justice,on the other
side.

M. Sourdat was a bachelor, well up in
the forties, rather spare in spite of an
incipient rotundity about his waist, with
square shoulders, a harsh voice, a round
head, the hair on which was always kept

to

closely cropped; gray eyes, clear but hard, |

under bushy eyebrows; a large mouth,
with thin lips; in short, one of those figures
of whom one is apt to say:

“Well, he cannot be very pleasant to live
with.”

Nor was he, thie M. Sourdat; and what
was more, he was rather proud of it.
potic, arbitrary, rude to everybody, hard

as flint toward the accused, harsh to the |

witnesses, overbearing toward the lawyers,
he was like a thistle: any contact with him
was sure to leave an unpleasant result,
Nearly everybody feared him; no one was
known to love him.

And yet this man of iron had one weak-
ness: an inordinate love of good living.

In the sleepy little town lying at the foot
of the Belgian
of the table constituted perhaps the only
entertainment or pastime of the comfort-
able middle class; yet aven there the culi-

and then lounged home all alone, beating | nary and gastronomic extravagances of the

his field off by fifteen lengths. It was a
really remarkable performance for a horse
that had had a full feed only an hour be-
fore his start—uh-huh, it sure was.

“The dinge foreman, who hadn't fed him
an hour before the race, got enough out
of standing for the slugging his employer
gave him to buy the Corean army sticking
plaster for a thousand years,

“It was such an ordinary thing to slam

the outlaw tracks that no attention was

Judge were noted for many miles around.

It is said that he ate no fish but such as
had been caught at early dawn, holding
that the rest which the fish enjoyed during
the night made its flesh more delicate.
It was he who invented the art of plunging
shrimp in boiling milk, before cooking them
in the usual way. This gave them, so he
said, a velvety flavor which no other method

could produce.
the hurry juice into the horses racing at |

When he one day revealed his invention
to the curé of St. Victor the good man,

paid to it, except that when the your-name- | though something of an epicure, himeelf,

has-been-selected horse with the hop in
him would arrive at the post in a lather
the bookies would instantly out that one’s
price to almost nothing, as everybody had
reason to take it for granted that the horse
looking to have the run-fast bolus under
his belt was the one that was intended
to win,

“When the layers would cut the price of
the horse appearing to have the hop in
him to little or nothing, they would have
to hunch the prices on the other horses,
of course, and this made it pretty soft for
one fellow who had a little plan to make a
horse look as if he'd beendoped. In the
quietude of his barn, a few minutes before
the race, he’d slap shaving soap lather all
over the sides of that horse and sponge
him to give him the appearance of being
in a violent and profuse perspiration.

“The horse would go to the post that
way, and the bookies, taking a peek at the
field, would say of the foamy horse, ‘That's
the one,’ and chop his price to 1 to 8, and
let it stand that wary. The prices against
the rest of 'em 'd go up, and the bunch

' in on the cut would light on the real one,

and the horse with the apparent dope in
him would run for the O'Shaughnesseys.
“Until the New York, Baltimore, Wash-
ington, Atlantic City and other poolroom:
got wise to the game, the outlaw owners
had a guileiess little way with them of

! getting the money by the simple process of
They'd enter about a dozen |

elimination.
horses in a race, one of them so good as to
stand out as a legitimate even money or
3 to 2 shot.

“The rooms would chalk the house odds
up against that field, with even money, say.
against the good one, and pencii-your-own-
pasteboard prices against the remaining
lobsters. The commissioners of the owners
would take the house odds against the
one they had picked out to win, always
choosing one at 15 to 1 or better, and then
the owner of the good one would scratch
the natural favorite out.

“This was like stealing the rug out of a
baby carriage, and the owners used to be
ashamed to take the money until the pool-
room people quit laying any house odds
against outlaw races,

“The runaway dodge was worked by
an owner at Iron Hill once for one of the
biggest outlaw killings on record. He
owned an old mare that really betonged
to another generation when the four-miiers
were looked upon ag the only horse goods,

“This mare, during her legitimate days,
had once run two miles at top speed to a
false break at the Latonia track, and then,
after all that had been taken out of her,
she had lined up at the post and won the
mile and a quarter race in a gallop, She
was one of the go-all-day kind, with more
speed in her tough old carcass after she’d
breezed a few miles in a runaway than
when first taken to the barrier.

“Her runaway performance at Latonia
had long been forgotten by the time the
old mare turned up, looking frowsy, tucked
up and poor, at Iron Hill. But her owner
hadn't forgotten it.

 

 

|

lifted his plump, rosy handa to heaven and
sald:

“No, that is too much, too much. Weare
not forbidden to enjoy the good things of
the world, but such sensuality borders on
mortal sin.”

The Judge's only reply was a sardonio
laugh. He always felt an almost satanic
pleasure in leading his neighbor into temp-
tation, and on the very morning of which
our tale opens the curé and the clerks of
the court were to breakfast with him.

A trout had been sent him the previous
evening, a speckled trout of two pounds,
caught in a clear and rocky brook. It was
his favorite dish, and the proper prepara-
tion of this particular trout had occupied
all the early morning hours. .

The trout was to be served cold, likewise
the liquor in which it had been cooked.
This, with him, amounted to a dogma,
as absolute, as irrefutable as an article of
the Penal Code, ¢

The thought of the trout haunted him
still, as he sat in his office, clad in his official
robe, looking over the docket of a criminal
case that had come up a few days before.

One day at sunrise, the week previous, |

there had been found in a ditch in the neigh-
boring férest the body of a game’ 7

; committed by some poacher, but no evi-

dence had yet been found tending to in-
criminate any particular person.

There was a charcoal burners’ camp not.
far from where the murder had taken

Not at five |

Des- |

 

Ardennes, the =

color to her cheeks, Her eyes gleamed
from under her bushy’ brown hair, Her
mouth and nostrils quivered.

“What means all this noise?” growled
the Judge.

“This is the oharcoal burner's daughter,”
explainedtheclerk. “She came to the Palais
after you left, and she has followed meto
your house, insisting on being heard.”

“So,” growled the Judge again, “you
suddenly seem to be in a great hurry, after
making me wait three days.
you not come sooner?”

“I have my rearo1s,” she replied, casting
a hawk-like glance at the two men and the
food on the table.

“Oh, you had your reasons,” said the
Judge, fast becoming furious.. “We will
look into these reasons later, and they
may cost you dear.” ‘He looked at his
watch. “A quarter to 11. We shall have
time. Touchelcexf, you will find paper
andpensinthenext room. We willéxatuine
the witness.”

The clerk had seated himeelf and waa
waiting, pen in hand. The Judge, seated
in an armchair, cast a hard and long look

 

wall,

“Your name!” said he, harshly.

“Meline Sacael."”

“Age and residence?”

“Sixteen, I live with my father, who is
a charecal burner at Onze, Fcntaines.”

“You swear to tell the whole truth?”

“That is what I came for.”

“Raise your right hand. Right. Now,
then, you were at the camp on the night. cf

 

 

the second, the right toe gamekeeper
} Seurrot, was murdered. ‘Tell us what you
know.”

“What I know is tnis: Our men had

 

taken a load ef charecal to Stenav; I was
j alone, watching the furnaces. About 2,
as the moon was setting, Manchin, a wood-
i; outter from Tre, passed by the cabin
“You are up early,’ said I; is all well
at home?’
“ING,” said he;

 

m wife has a fever,

ie not a crust of bread in the huteh, and I

 

market tc-mcrrow.’

“With that, he left me. Toward dawn,
I heard a shot, then two men running.

“You rascal,’ I heard the gamekeeper
ery. ‘Tarrest. you.’

“After that there was a scuffle. Sud-
denly the gamekeeper uttered a cry. I
crept into a corner of the cabin and sat
there, trembling with fear. That is all I
know.”

“So,” grumbled the Judge. “And why
have you waited so long to tell us this?”

“It waa none of my business. I did not

 

you to change your mind so suddenly?”
“I heard this morning that Gustin was
suspected, ” ‘
“Who is Gustin?”

| The girl blushed and stammered:
i “One of our men. A fellow who would

not harm a fly. See here!” she cried, al-
most savagely. “When I heard this morp-
ing that he was likely to get into trouble
for what another had done, I could not
stand it for another instant.

“IT took to my heels, and ran through the
woods—oh, how I ran! I never felt weary,
I could have run until to-morrow, if neces-
sary. For, before Heaven, messieurs,
Gustin ie innocent.

“I will put my right hand into the fire to
prove it.”

Despite her rags and forlorn appear-
ance, her excitement, as she spoke, had
made her almost beatiful. She was so
undoubtedly sincere that the Judge him-
self was strangely moved by the energy
with which she defended Gustin.

“But suddenly she grew white and stag-
gered.

“My head swims.
cried.
| The frightened Judge poured out a glass
! of wine. :
| ‘Drink this, quick.” he said.

What more to do he could not think.
; Cali in Catherine, the cook? This was not
‘to bethought of. She was utting

 

\

 

| The Judge looked at the clerk, who was
! contemplatively chewing the end of the
| penbolder.

| “It is weakness,” said the clerk, after
‘a moment. “She has perhaps eaten noth-

; place, and this had aroused the Judge's * ing to-day.”
| suspicions. Yet, on investigation, it had 0

been shown that none of the men had been
at the camp that night; only a young girl,
the daughter of the foreman, had remained
there to watch the furnaces. ,
Still, M. Sourdat had given orders to
bring before him one of the men, @ young

fellow of about 25, who was said to have }
had some quarrel with the gamekeeper. '
The girl was also to be notified to appear !

and testify.

Right here affairs began to look suspi-
cious. The girl could not be found. She
had hidden herself, no one knew where.
The Judge had sent the whole police force
to look for her, and he was now awaiting
the result of the search.

About 10 o'clock the door opened and
the chief of police appeared in the door-
way.

“Well, what now?” growled the Judge.

“Nothing, M. le Juge,” replied the other;
“it was all of no use.
the forest since dawn. The girl has dis-
appeared. Even her people, evidently,
are anxious, for they do not know what has
become of her.”

“That is nonsense,” cried the Judge.
“Those men made a game of you. You
should have arrested them all. You are
a fool. Get outl” 2

The Judge looked at his watch. It was.
8 quarter past 10,
could be done in the case just then.

It were better that he go to take a last i

look at the breakfast arrangements be-
fore the arrival of his guests. He took

“He put her in with the commonest kind [off his robe and went home.

of a field for her first appearance at Iron
Hill. They were, except for the mare,
such utterly cold bred dogs that the layers
had to make the mare an 8 to 5 favorite
in the field of fourteen, scraggy and dry as
she looked. .

“The boy on her gave her a furtive dig
in the ribs with his spurs when they got
to the post, and away went the old’ mare
in a litketty-split runaway that lasted seven
circuits of the track. ‘Then she calmed
down and faced the barrier.

“The bookmakers, meanwhile, while she
was running away, were offering any old
thing you wanted against the runaway
favorite, aud the fact that she was running
away was flashed to the poolrooms, causing
the poolroom people to boost her price
from 8 to 5 to 20 and 30 to 1, or anything
that the room patrons asked for,

“Then, after her seven circuits of the track
at runaway speed, the old mare wing-
danced out in front of her field and led
them home like a bell-cow picking the
quick way at milking time.”

At the Hospital.

A young physician, proud of his three-
days -old diploma, was gleefully telling a
physician of many years’ experience of
his luck in being appointed to the staff
of one of the big Brooklyn hospitals.

“Just to think of it!” said the young man.
“Here I am only a few days out of college,
too, I expect to learn a whole lot in that
y te wie he old

“Yeas,” the old campaigner. “I know
of no better place to + your diag-
ngris by an autopsy.”

The state of affairs there enalled him
to regain his composure, at least; we can
not say his good humor. A bright and
sunny dining room, a snowy white table-
cloth; little fresh rolls reposing in artis-
tically folded, red bordered napkins; a
carafe of light red wine, sparkling like
rubies in the sunshine,

Flanked on one side by a gealad bowl
rimmed with nasturtiums, on the other
by a dish of shrimp, the trout, radiantly
beautiful, lay in a long dish trimmed with
parsley, its gleaming silvery sides specked |
with red; its dark blue back, with a slight
gash here and there revealing the pinkish
tints of its flesh; in ite mouth a rosebud.
Ina bowl near by the liquor in which it
had been prepared was rapidly turning
to a jelly.

The Judge certainly was feeling better.
He had just brought up a. dust-covered
bottle of old wine for the end of the feast,
when he heard a voice outside crying:

“I tell you, I want to see the Judge; he
wants to see me,”

The door flew open, the bare arm of‘a
womayp was seen to thrust aside the clerk
of the court, M. Touchebosuf, and a strange
looking visitor entered the room. ,

It was avery young girl, tall, thin, tanned,
bareheaded, with unkempthair, Her scant
calico skirt revealed her stockingless feet,
encased in a pair of men's shoes,

The heat and.excitement ‘had - brought

We have searched |

Evidently nothing more |

 

| “Are you hungry?” asked the Judge.
| The girl nodded. “I have eaten nothing
| since yesterday.”
! M. Sourdat was moved; perhaps for the
} first time in many years. This girl has
| com nine miles to save her friend. Nine
t mil In the heat, and fasting!
This jast thought particularly affected
him. He cast a helpless look at the table. °
Salad? Shrimp? These were side dishes,
' good enough in their way for people who
i had enjoyed a hearty al.
, Suddenly, in a burst, g@ heroism, he seized
ithe dish in whick’lay the trout, cut off a
large portion, put it on u plate and ‘gave
it to the charcoal burner's daughter.
“There, eat!” said he, imperiously.
There was no need of repeating the order.
She ate, voraciously, almost savagely.
In.a moment the plate was empty, and the
Judge, heroic to the end, filled it again,
i The clerk opened wide his eyes; could
| this be the Judge Sourdat he had known
so many years? As for himself, though’
he envied the appetite of the girl who waa
disposing of a speckied trout with no more
ceremony than if it had been a pickled

 

herring, he could not but murmur in-
wardly: “It's a pity, after all. Such a
dish"

 

At this moment the door opened again
'to admit the third guest, the curé of. St,
| Victor, clad in a new soutane, his.three-
cornered hat under his arm. He'rtopped,
visibly surprised, at the scene that oon-
fronted him.

“You are, too late,” growled the Judge.
“There is no trout left,” and then he told the
girl's story. f fore

Tha curé uttered a sigh; he compre-
hended:the grandeur of the sacrifice, en,
half moved, half smiling, he laid his hand

“My son,” said he, “you are a better man
than you thought yourself to be. And I
say Unto you that all your sins of gormandiz-

you because of, this

ing will be forgiven
not have a chance

trout which we shal
to eat.”

 

COLD KILLED CANADIAN TREES,

Berry: Vines Also Have Been Greatly.
Damaged This Winter.

From the Hamilton (Ont.) Times

The Timea’ Anctster correspondent, who is
an authority on trait growing, has made a
personal exumiuation and reports below
upon the fruit prospects for the coming
season. In the territory covered by his ob-
servations the outlook is not promising, and
it is feared that the same may be said of other
sections. Here ia what he says:

“Ancaster is just emerging from the coldest

winter in the memory of any one, and it is
feared that the fruit tre@s are very much
injured, The peach trees will not only have
their fruit buds killed, but the trees in man
cases have heen killed. Even the pear, whi
ia considered meray rl lose most of the fruit
buds and much of the new growth of w ‘
Some of the grape buds are killed, and the
tender blackberries are all dead, even below
the snow line. Cherries seem to be all right,
and the strawberries that are covered may
pat through, although they have three or
our inches of ice on them even on high
land, under the anow. frost has gone
much deeper than six years ago, when so
many fruit trees were killed throughout ait
Sy districts, and the trees may be

on the Judge's shoulder,

Why have

at the girl, who wae leaning against the}:

  

Capt. Kidd--Overboard you go!

Capt. Kidd—Certainly not.

 

FABLES FOR 1904.

 

THE BALKY HORSE AND THE TROLLEY CAR.
A balky horse attached to a heavy truck
occupied the car track and stubbornly re-

| fused to move, while the line of cars behind
|

 

 

| the children are dying of hunger; there |

want to denounce Manchin.” |
“Oh, indeed! And, pray, what has caused |

I am worn out,” she fr

|
|

him grew in4dength to a block.
Pulling and hauling could not budge the
horse and profanity was music to his ears.
At length the enraged conductor signalled
the motorman to go ahead, truck or no truck.
It was done.

The balky horse propped his legs against |

the granite blocks and backed rigidly against
the dashboard, but he could not withstand
the force behind him.

In this manner the procession slid half a
mile until the destination of the truckman
was reached.

Whereupon the horse observed:

“It galls me to turn aside without a trans-

intend to try to shoot a hare, to sell in the | fer, hut maybe they will load the wagon

again and give me another outing.”

Moral—This is an age of labor-saving de-

vices
THE FASHIONS.

A fashionable youth of a former period
observed an immigrant one morning on
Broadway.

The immigrant had just, left Castle Gar-
den and wore wooden shoes, so that the
impression he conveyed was like that of an
elephant shod with dry goods boxes.

At. the sight the fashionable youth laughed |

long and loud. He said:
“What an ungainly object, to be sure!
How unfortunate that any human creature

 

 

 

   
   

    

   
  

The mermaide are waiting for you.
Terrified captive—Can't you spare mea few moments for prayer?

It ain’t manners to keep the ladies waiting.

 

prnoremeanead Sees

must feel in the presence of myself and my
set in the open thoroughfare.”

In after years the fashionable youth
was obliged to change his habits of life,
having acquired new responsibilities, a wife
and large family of sons whom he was
ambitiqus to maintain modishly.

One morning he again passed the very
spot where, in former years, he had seen
the foreign clodhopper. His mind floated
back to the scene. He wondered what
| had become of the immigrant.

Suddenly he heard a great clatter upon
the pavement behind him.
| Klawk! Klawk! Klawk! Klawk! Klawk!
Klawk!

Laughing he turned around, expecting
to see the progeny of the immigrant in
wooden shoes, but what he saw was some-

thing entirely different, for his own sons
with little black hats, huge upholstered
shoulders, +thin waists and broad hips
greeted him jnstead.

“Are you wearing wooden shoes?” he
gasped. “Am I wasting my substance to
give you a fashionable appearance only
to see you dress like clodhoppers?”

They replied:

“Father, we have the swellest cut in the
fashion plate. Our shoes with heavy soles
and extremely high and massive heels
may sound like sabots to your ears, but
they are the latest and choicest pattern
for scented exquisites of the moment.”

The father threw up both hands, ex-
{ claiming:
| “The Dutchman was a howlihg swell,
and I deemed him a lout.”

 

 

 

 

should so attire himself as to attract the Moral: The fashion plates are sometimes
ridicule of all beholders. How cheap he | backward.
, ANOTHER DANGER OF THE AUTOMOBILE.

 

   
  

Z

j ZZ
Gf hss

 

(ae)

ve Re
oy,

Farmer—Say, stranger, hold up! We've already had veal hash for ten days running.

 

INTOLERABLE.
Echo of the Little Read Schoolhouse Re-
called by Angry Congressman.

WASHINGTON, March 19.--“They’re mak-
ing a powerful lot of use of that:word ‘in-
Falarablat over yonder at the other end
of the Capitol,” remarked Senator Dubois
of Idaho the other day when the niembers
mentioned in the Bristow report were
jumping on the Post Office Department in
serried ranks, each man eloquently, not to

 

t say frenziedly, attempting to square him-

self for the “intolerable” imputations con-
tained in the Bristow document. “I never
hear the word intolerable, or see it in print,
that I'm not reminded of an incident of my
small boy school days.

“The little old red schoolhouse was pre-

| sided over by a prim, neat New England

schoolmarm who believed in beginning
early to implant the seeds of solid learning
in youthful minds. With this purpose in
view she used to devote one afternoon
each week to telling us tales of the Greek
and Roman mythology, for the purpose,
presumably, of familiarizing us at least
with the names of the great figures of
antiquity.

“On one of these afternoons she staked
us to a little dissertation on the ‘subject
of Achilles. ;

“‘When Achilles was a babe,’ she told
us, ‘his mother dipped him in the River

 

 

 

“ON HIS UPPERS.”

Styx, and thereafter he was invulnerable.’

“This sounded pretty smooth, even if
the idea was a teenchy bit deep for us.
She went onand told usa lot more things
about the sulker who, I understand, bolted
his party ata critical juncture, and, when
she had reached the end of the string about
Achilles, she undertook to test the memories
of the youngsters by asking them ques-
tions appertaining to her discourse. ‘

“'Now, boys,’ she said, addressing the
whole outfit and no one boy in particular,
‘what did Achillea’s mother do to him when
he was a babe?’

*At that question, all of us went to cover
except- one youngster. He was one of
these sooner tykes who liked to beat all
-of the rest of us to it when it came té un-
ravelling the hard ones. The question
was hardly out of the schoolmarm's mouth
before thie tad's freckled and warty hand
went up.

““Ah,’ eaid the. teacher, with,a pleased
expression, ‘your mind is receptive, as
well as your ears, Percival. Now, you
may tel] the remainder of the olass what
the mother of Achilles did to him when he
was a babe.’ :

“The beat-you-to-it youngster cast a
victorious glance around the reom, and
then he blurted out with all his might:

“ ‘She ee him in the Stinx River,
ori oe was intolerable for the rest of his

e

 

 

 

‘0 DANIEL WON
THE MULE
But He and Uncle Marcus Did

Some Tall Trout Fishing Be.
fore the Contest: Was Over.

 

 

LACKAWAXEN, Pa., March  19.—*Th
trout in the headwaters ain't as big ast!
used to be,” said the man from the Knog
country, the subject having come up with
a transitory whiff of soft wind from the
south. “No ways nigh as big.”

“When I used to fish them head water
I want to tell you, we lifted out some old
sockdologers, 80 we did. I mind one
1 was fishin’ down from the mill and me
Uncle Marcus, who was fishin’ up from
the bend. é

“ ‘Well, Dan’l,’ saye he, ‘what luck?

‘I only got nine,’ I says.

‘I only got eight,’ says he.

‘I wouldn't be afeard to bet 4 little
somethin’,’ says I, ‘that my nine'll wolgh
fifteen pound.’

“I'd be willin’ to bet more than ocon-

siderable,’ says Uncle Marcus, ‘that my
eight’ll weigh more than your nine,’ he
says.
“Now, Uncle Marcus hada mule! wanted
the worst way, but he didn’t want to sell it,
and I had ten cord o’ bark that Uncle Mar-
ous wanted, but we couldn't agree on no
price.

“‘Tell you what I'll do, Marcus,’ says

“ ‘What's that?’ aays he.

“‘T'l) bet you my ten cord o’ bark,’ 1
says, ‘ag’in your mule, that your eight
do t weigh more than my nine,’ I says.

“‘Dan'l,’ says he, ‘It's a bet! ”

“So we went over to my cabin and weighed
the trout. My nine weighed jest 18 pounds,
Uncle Marcus’s weighed jest 1714 pounds.

“‘Dan'l,’ says he, ‘the mule is your'n,’

“But when I cleaned my biggest trout’
I found a trout inside of it that weighed
half a pound, plumb. Of course, accordin’
to the bet, that made the heft of my nine
trout and Uncle Marcus's eight a tie, and
the bet was off.

“So I didn't git the mule, nor Uncle Mar
cus didn’t git the bark. But he see I was
terrible disapp’inted, not so much on ao-
count o’ not gittin’' the mule as because
my nine trout didn’t weigh no more than
his eight, 60 he says:

“‘Dan'l,’ he says, ‘now here’s what we'll
do. We'll go out on the creek ag’in, and
fish the best we know how. We'll fish
side by'side,’ says he. ‘and the one that
ketches the most trout betwixt here and
the alder clumps, down yender,’ says he,
‘has the mule and gits the bark, or has the
bark and gits the mule,’ says he.

“‘All right,’ I says. ‘I'll do it. And
I'll go over to the Eddy to-night,’ I says,
‘and order some oats fot my mule.’

“‘Not unless my good right hand has
lost it’s cunnin’!’ says Uncle Marcus. ‘If
my right hand hain’t lost its cunnin'’ ho
says, ‘and I don’t think it has, I’ hitch
my mule to your bark this evenin’ and
haul it home!’ sayshe. =, ‘

“So we got into the water and fished

along, side by side. We had landed some
pooty good uns, and then Uncle Marcus
hooked what you mowt call an old dod-
wolloper, sure enough,
. “He fit him and he fit him, and I jest
stood there and watched the fight, tremblin’
in my boots fer fear Uncle Marcus would
lose him, and forgittin’ that if he did that
‘d be a p'int fer me. By and by the trout
give a h'ist to hisself and jumped clean
over a root that stuck out over the water,
mebbe a couple o’ foot ve it.

“He jumped clean over the root, and the
line ketched fast on to it, leavin’
tuggin’ and floppin’ in the air.
Uncle Marcus 'd lose him sure if some-
thin’ wasn’t done, and I swoshed over ther
and shoved my hat under the trout jest.
as the old feller give one all-swagein’ kick
and tore off o' the hook. He lan in my
Bat and o’ course Uncle Marcus won the
BWe got down to the alder clumps after
awhile, and left the creek with our trout.
When we got to the cabin we counted up,
fad Uncle Marcus had seventeen, I hadn’t

1 x .
i Perou hitch your mule to
that o' mine, all right,’ I says.

“ ‘Guess not!’ says Uncle Marcus, throwin’
the old dodwollopin’ trout over.into my

pile. You're goin’ over to the Eddy and
orderin’ cats fer that mule, you mean!’
says he,

* ‘How's that. ?’ says I.

“ ‘Why, you ketched that trout,’ sore he,
piintin’ ‘to the:old dodwolloper. ‘I lost
that trout and you ketched him,’ says he,
‘and that’s all there is about it!’ says he.

" “T wouldn't have it that nied and we
argued and argued over it, till by and by
Uncle Marcus ve

“ Well, I'll tell you what we'll do, then,
Dan’l,’ says he. I'll put up my mule ag’in
your ten cord o’ bark, and we'll play a
game of old sl » fer ’em,’ says he.

“ Well, that’s erent!’ I says. ‘Friends
ship ceases when it comes to old sledge,'
says I. I'll take you up,’ says I.

“And I sot down and won the mule.

“No. The trout ain’t as big as they used
to be when I fished the headwaters, nor so
many. Anyhow, I don’t fish no more. Uncle
Marcus is dead, and there ain’t no p'int
in it.”

 

'FROZEN LUMBER. ~®

James Garmon's Stery of Intense Cold ta
Northern New Hampshire.

Boston, March 19.—New Englanders are
just getting their breath after one of the
severest winters in the memory of even the
oldest inhabitant.

Up in Berlin, N. H., the river froze ina
solid sheet of ice almost to the bed, so that
the great lumber mills were forced to cease
operations. In some places in the old
Granite’ State the mercury dropped to 50
degrees below zero on one occasion.

The cold has caused great suffering
among the birds and wild animals. Num-
bers of quail-have frozen to death. Blue
jays and Canadian robins have come close
to human habitations at Exeter, N. H,
and a Chester man who has been working
in the woods this winter and carrying his
lunch says that one day he had thirty
chitkadees to dine with him.

Somie time ago a deer took refuge from
the deep snow and extreme cold in the
barn of C. F. Noyes at Atkinson. Mr.
Noyes has allowed the anima] to remail
and it’has become the pet of the children,
who give it apples milk and meal

Even the fish in the sea along the coast
have been frozen and large numbers nave
been found cast up on the beach

The lumbermen in the woods in (he north:
ern part of New England have liad @ hard
time. In some places the snow hus beet
nearly seven feet deep in the woods, making
lumbering difficult, as the men somerimes
found themselves walking among [fhe
branches of the trees, 7

Some idea’ of the situation in the woods
may be gained from the report of Jamey
Garmon, who has been working for the
Diamond Match Company in its lumber
mill at Corbin’s Park in northern Nes

Hampshire. He says that the thermone-
ter has gone as low as 45 degrees below 7'9
every day for a whole week, while oner it
went down to 51 below.

During the cold week mentioned | "as

ae

necessary to stop work at the factory
the lumber was frozen so hard that the gree
saws were unable to penetrate it and “ere

snapped off when an attempt was made '9
operate them. He. «sa
lumber

that the oldes'
men at the works never before aw
‘freeze, ‘