=

.

4 Fue KING AND 1 IN
* HE OT TESBERG CASTLE.

rom the German,

1 4 o'clock in the afternoon

s abou
Ine Hausach, first dis-

], Hubert von

when “the danger which threatened
Beatle .) Gottesberg, and thanked God
Pe cme rnaster, the King, was not with us,
Pr eve always taken oleasure in writing
jp little in my leisure hours, anc when I
grited always sit in the east tower of the
castle, whence there is a magnificent view

rthe mountain crags and the big pine
role at the foot of the castle.

that iH-starred morning I had written

p letter to the King concerning Countess
Helen, our Buest, and though I and many
subjects would gladly have

Joval
Ee he on the other side of the frontier,
had mere ly reported on her health.

We could nene of us foresee anything
put misfortune for the country if this
oma Willy’, high spirited and beautiful
gs she Was <jould ever become queen,

I had gone to the win-
dow to look out At a distance from the
castle, in the forest, I caught sight of
mounted men

The sun shone on their green and yellow
colors. I rex ognized the crest of Albert
of Jaegendort and understood that the
Countess’s hour had struck,

For (iis tnan had sworn that he would
pritherssivep in a bed nor change his shirt
yptil Helen of Gerelstein should have been
driven out cf the country, and most of the
King’s stubje ts secretly applauded Albert's

Deep ini thought,

   

pertiments . ‘ '
Thad promised the King to protect Helen

of Gerelstein with my life, and I meant to

keep my word Accordingly, Limmediately

sent for the Captain of the guard. He
was a young fellow, stupid and conceited.

*Sir Hubert,” he said, “you have sharp

eyes fur your age. These are undoubtedly
Albert's men.”

“In that cause I hope you are prepared,
Captain,” I rejoined.

He smiled

“(jottesberg is impregnable,” he said.
‘The sentinels are at their posts, and the
drawbridge isto be raised, If the Countess
{snot safe here, it will not be my fault.”

Then I went down to break the news to
Countess Helen, who was taking tea with
ter sister Marie. They were the hand-
gomest pair of sisters in the kingdom.

She understood already from my tone
in greeting her that there was danger in
the air, and grew pale when I told her I
had seen in the forest two mounted men
with black feathers and silver crosses.

She went over ta the window and looked
out. Between the tree trunks a light bluish
mist was visible.

. “There is a campfire in the forest—don’t
trrtodeny it, Sir Hubert. Albert of Jaegen-
dorf is there with his men. Isn't it 60?”
she asked.

*I fear so, Countess.”

She laid an icy hand on mine. * What shall
Ido? Tell me, in heaven's name!”

“There is the report which is sent under
eacort to his Majesty every evening at
sundown. jf youcould take it yourself——”

“You must be mad!” she cried. “I—a
woman and alone—and Albert of Jaegen-
dorf at the doors!”

“If you were to ride to the city with the
message to hia Majesty, you would be
neither & woman nor alone. You would
wear the uniform of a courier and have an
escort. The ceptain thinks the castle
impregnable, but there are others who
maintain that Albert and his men would
storm Paradise if they saw a chance of
finding booty there. In a few hours we
éhall\ know who is right.”

Thus Helen of Gerelstein became the
King’s courier. When the sun had gone
down she left the castle with six dragoons
as her escort.

“Albert will read her letter,” I said to
little Marie, as we stood looking after the
departing ones, “and it will serve as her
passport, as it simply states that she is
well and happy at Gottesberg.”
* * * * « s s se

The captain and I were sitting at our
evening meal, when a servant suddenly
appeared and whispered in my ear that
his Majesty had come back and was waiting
for me in the little library where he was
in the habit of working.

The message frightened me so that my
knees trembled under me; and when I stood
before the King he at once read the secret
{in my face.

“Where is the Countess? Why did you

A Whirl in Diplomacy

Mrs. Goodspeed’s Ambition

Runs Counter to a Central
American Custom G2 @&

 

The Hon. Cyrus A. Goodspeed lay back
comfortably on the quarter deck of the
United States gunboat Burlington. The
fea was blue, as only southern seas can be,
Away off on the horizon trade wind clouds
lay like great balls of cotton.

It was very hot. Straight ahead, looming
ip like a mirage, was a mountain range, its
base jndistinct in opalescent vapors.

Mr®ioodspeed looked over at the Captain,
Who was reclining on a second chair, his
fee! on the rail.

“How soon will we get there, Captain?”
he asked,

“In an
arrive?”

“Well, ves, I may say I am; but not so
Much on ny account as my wife's.”

The Captain raised his eyebrows in in-
terrogation

“The free and independent republic of
San Jose is a queer place for Mre. Good-
Speed to want you to settle down in,” he
Said. “Of course, as the American Minister
you'll be in all that’s doing, but even then
You won't find it very" entertaining, I'm
afraid.” ‘

Mr. Goodspeed shrugged his broad
shoulders, took out his cigar case, offered
the Captain a perfecto and took one him-
seit

“Well,

began te

hour or so now. Anxious to

be remarked, as soon as bis cigar
draw satisfactorily, “I don’t mind:
telling you that I won’t stay here more than
& thonih or so, It's the honor of being
&diplomat I'm down for, and not the pay.

can make more out of my coal business
In!wo months than the State Department
allows me fora year.”

Mr. Goodspeed smiled.

“Bock in Bucksport,” he went on, “I
sl to he too busy selling coal and wood
fo think of much else, and I'd be there
yet i) it wasn't for my wife.

She and Mrs, Haswith sort.of run things
Where we live. If one gives a party the
other tries to go her one better by giving
®mething a little sweller, and there's no
Use denying it, Mrs. Haswith has always
been a mite in the lead, because her hus-

 

 

 

I

 

—

let, her
voice wh
of wrath,

“Your Majesty,” I. stammered, “she
went because Albert of Juegendorf is at
the doors.”

He looked at me with his gray eves,
and the expression in.them showed that
he understood and was grateful.’

“Albert of Jaegendorf?” he repeated,
doubtfully, “I came along the forest
path and saw neither him nor liis men,”

I told how L had made ‘the Countess
on the uniform of a courier... The K
thought the plan daring—too tnuch so
However, he wished to convinee himself
of the true state of affairs and together
we stepped out on the terrace, ‘

The night was.dark as pitch, but in the
heart of the forest there appeared between
the trees a reddish haze,

“That is Albert’s campfire,” ‘said
King, abruptly. “If
loyal, he and his men will climb the moun-
tain behind us where no tan has ever set
his foot before," ‘

“Your Majesty must not sleep in ydéur
own room to-night,” I ventured.

“In my grandfather's time there was a
subterranean passage which went under
the lake,” he remarked, as he went to in-
spect the sentinels, “I would give a thou-
sand florins to know if it still exists.”

The King did not lack courage, as we
all know who have served him. I shall
never forget how he looked that night as
he stood before me in his blue uniform
of huzzars, erect and proud, ready to fling
a jest in the face of death. He knew as

For he asked in the clear, cold
ch always preceded an outburst

ut
neg

the

well as I what would happen if he fell into

the hands of Albert's men.

Who could have slept after all this? Not
Hubert von Hausach, at any rate.

IT still remember how, when the Kin
had gone to bed in the red chamber, I took
out my old uniform of dragoons, buckled
on my sword and loaded my pistols. Then
I went into the anteroom in order to be
near him should anything happen,

The hours crept on slowly—more slowly
than eyer in my life before. The steps
of the sentinel were the only sound that
broke the stillness. In vain I tried to

ersuade myself that the castle could not
be stormed by a band of highwaymen.

Suddenly I heard a scream. I after-
ward learned that it came from little Marie,
who had been torn out of her sleep to be
carried up into the mountains.

‘I sprang to the door and called to the
sentinel. There was no reply.

A pistol shot flashed through the dark-
ness and showed me our guards dying in
the corridor and a crowd of strange men
with swords and pistols in their hands.
In the confusion were heard cries of “The
Re The King!”

I slammed the door and swung into place
the heavy iron bars. A knock at the door
of the royal sleeping chamber was answered
by King Ludwig himeelf,

He was pale, and had drawn his sword.
There was no need of telling him anything.

“How long will it take them to break
open the door, Hubert?” he asked.

“About fifteen minutes, I think, your
Majesty.”

Suddenly the large window was tom
off its hinges and a man with a rope about
his waist came tumbling in. It was one
of Albert’s men. They must have let him
down from the tower above the room.

He fired at the King, but with a stroke
on his arm I deflected the bullet, and before
he could fire another shot the King had
felled him with the butt of his pistol.

But where one had entered others might
follow, and there were already two of
them in the room.
and ran to the window.

Sure enough! There was another hang-
ing at the end of a rope. With a stroke
of my sword I cut it, and the man fell, like a
atone, a hundred feet to the bottom of the
ravine. .

Then L.turned to-the King. Two men
lay dead at his feet and he was standing
with the third, before him, at the other
end of the room near the portrait of his
father. ~~

Fascinated, I stood watching the King's
sword-play. Albert’s men were still work-
ing at the outer door. What good would
it do us if the King should conquer this
foe? Death awaited us in the corridor.

The clumsy fencing of the bandit re-
oiced my heart, and I laughed aloud when

is blade struck in the panel’ behind the

old King’s portrait. The fellow threw
an evil glance at ‘me, but it wash t,
for his wany,e thrust’was quick an °
Tbe man fell, frothing at the mouth.

“Here is the forgotten p: , Hubert,”
the Ki said, and added with deep rev-
erence, “Lord, it is Thy will!”

I bowed my head and looked at the
miracle which had happened. The bandit
had thrust his sword into the forgotten
door leading to the passage to the vaults.
The sword must have touched a secret
spring, or the wood ‘was rotten with age.

ne Opening in the wall showed us a way
of escape. :
_I remember that I took a candle and
lighted the King while he descended the
stone stairs, after I had closed the panel
and replaced the heavy iron bars at its
back. We traversed a cellar and then went
down another narrow and steep ‘stairway
and through a long tunnel which was so
low that we had to stoop as we went.

At last we Rep Pae he way which we
had come end abruptly before an im-

mense well, from which an odor so fear- !

ful emanrted that we instantly recoiled.
The Kiug sat down on a stone ledge in

 

 

 

band—he's dead now—used to be Lieuten-
ant-Governor.
“Now the coal business is all right, at
any rate it's good enough for me, but there
are some people who think a Lieutenant-
Governor's job is a little more high class
than what I make my bread and butter
in. Mrs. Haswith worked it for all it was
worth.
“My wife is an ambitious woman, and
playing second fiddle got on her nerves.
One day she said to me:
“ ‘Cyrus, you've got to go into politics.’
“ ‘Politics!’ I answered; ‘I'm no more
fitted for politics than a Jersey calf. Be-
sides, I've got my coal business to attend to.’
“‘T mean every word I say. That Has-
with woman makes me sick putting on airs
because her husband was in politics. At
that last tea she gave she had people all
the way down from Augusta who used
to know her husband when he was at the
capitol there.’
“‘l can get people from all over the
State,’ I answered. ‘You want to send
invitations to every man in the coal trade.
I’ma member of the association and I know

them all,’ ;
“] saw I'd made a mistake the second

I stopped speaking by the way my wife
sniffed. There’s no special use to go into
all she had to say on the subject. If the
Coal Dealers’ Association had heard it
I'd have been fired from membership.

“Well, to cut things short, do you know
what my wife made me do? 1, who don’t
care two cents one way or the other about
politics, so long as they don’t monkey
with the tariff on coal! She made me run
for the State Legislature.

“I'm a home-loving man, Captain, and
when night comes I like to put on my slip-
pers and read the evening. paper before
the fire. But the first thing I knew I was
making speeches, and asking people for
,votes, and buying cigars and drinks for
men I didn't know or want to know, and
spending money foolishly; and then elec-
tion day came and I was elected.

“Of course, that meant I had to fritter

I left them to the King |

 

 

the sentinels’ are |

 

 

 
  
 
 

Ce ae ere ee rr
ee Sanehtas THE SUN,, SUNDAY,.. MARCH 20,"
deep despair, In the stillness we heard’

a distant, ill-boding sound, as of many feet
and pOO DE voices.

After a while he said;

“It is not like my grandfather to have
built himself such a rat trap. If we only
had a Jantern we would try the water in
the well.” —. '

This sudden inspiration gave me a start.
I leaned out over the water without paying
attention to the fearful odor’

What I saw was a well about thirty feet

mud all over the sides. ‘The bad air ex-
Hinged the light in my hand.

we ply had a stone to throw!
dark itis,” the King said. “Listen, Hubert,
do you hear atiything?”
; Y I heat a sound, as of galloping horses,”
said.
. “AL the boftom of a well? ‘Heavens, it
is true!" he exclaimed,
We Jeaned over the well and ascertained
lat We sreré'not, mistaken. “It is no well,

How

}
“but a tower ontlig motintain side," the King

suddenly cried.’ ™L have seen it when hunt-
ing. There must,bd'a way out somewhere,
I would give a thousdfid florins fora mutch!”

“I have matches in my pocket, your
Majesty; and as true as I live, [ think my
hand is touching an iron step.”

I lighted the candle, and we again leaned
over the black hole. Before the light
went out it had shown us an iron ladder
built on one side of the slimy wall.

While I again lighted the candle, the
King went down—to life or death, as his
destiny willed,

“Be careful how you step, Hubert,” he
called up tome, “There isa door here.”

A fresh breeze confirmed his words, I
threw away the light and felt my way
down. At the bottom of the ladder was
a door, and through it we sranbes out
into the valley at the foot of the cliff.

All I remomber of the rest is that the
King's arms were around my neck, and
that he repeated over and over:

“Not your love—no, I cannot live without
it, old friend.”

We ran through the forest like two
schoolboys. In the nearest village we
secured horses and were in the capital
at daybreak.

Thus Albert of Jaegendorf was driven
out of the country. But little Marie stayed
with him, and she who once was carried
gscreaming from the castle now rules over
him with an iron will.

That the King’s marriage also came to
pass does not belong to this story. But
of me, Hubert von Hausach, it shall never
be said that I served any one but my King,
whom I pray that all good spirits may
protect from evil.

 

JAPANNED ENGLISH.

 

War Notice Served by a Yokohama Laundry
Man on His Customers.

The last mail from Yokohama, Japan,
brought a revised price list of the Union
Laundry of that place, and while it shows
that the war between Russia and Japan
has increased. the cost of one's. washing
at Yokohama, it also shows “English as
sneis writ” in the beautiful Japanese city.
Here is the notice served by the proprietor
on his customers:

Drak Sir: IHfeatherto we have been for-
warded by your kindness of the washing
cloth, but my we being compiled that the
several articles are increasing day-by-day,
the almost of the high prices are rice and the
demanded articles of the our business are
increénsed more than anything. Under these
circumstances we are wished to you to in-
crease our charges 48 appeared on the paper

from Proximo, please acknowledge our
proposal and oblige,
We are Dear Sir,
Yours Trully.

 

’ BEES Too SMART FOR HIM.

 

They Found a Way to Get Back Honey
Taken From Hives.

From the New England Homesteud,
One of our neighbors has for a number of
years past derived a very satisfactory rev-
enue from the industry of his bees. His
farm {is a village lot 50 by 260 feet, in a shel-
tered corner of which he keeps arfew colonies
of bees. With the ‘numerous families he
has. always lived in the. most- perfect har-
mony of purpose, and each individual seems
to know and respect him, however warlike
they may appear to strange faces. When
all the boxes were filled this season they
were replaced by others, as is the usual cus-
tom. This operation did not commend
itself to the bees, as it taxed their proverbial
industry to too great an extent in a season
of few flowers, like the past.

Seemingly, a council was held and the
question of.a winter's supply of food duly
considered and soon curried into effect.
Some wise bee found a sinall hole in the

attic, where 100 or more pounds of honey
was stored, At once all the forces of the
colonies were summoned, and with deter-
MinatiOn that knows no failure they trans-
ferred every particle of honey from the
garret to the new boxes on the hives. A
few days ago, when our bee farmer went
to the garret for a suppty to fill an order, he
found he had been robbed, No, it was not
robbery! The bees got back what had been
taken from them. It was theirs

 

 

 

 

'

» With a black bottom and stime and |

|

            

ne DOCTOR'S. BLUFF.

Showing the Care Fortune Has
Over a Drunken Man at
Draw Poker.

 

Wasuinuron, March 19.—The usual quiet
little Sunday game was in session, The
querum present consisted of three depart-
meat clerks, an elder!y physician and a
hewspaper man.

The cards had been running very evenly
to all except the doctor, who was a hard
loser and of irascible temper, and the
Fickle Dame was frowning on him in a
manner that made him wince, On the very
rare occasions when she did favor him with
such a hand as to give him hopes of re-
trieving his losses, he found that some of,
his idiotic opponents would draw to a
three-card flush or an inside straight, fill
his hand and gleefully draw in the pot.

None of the other members of the circle
had lost enough to cause him to take the
game seriously; and, much to the irritation
of the doctor, they devoted more time to
frivolity and conversation than was con-
sistent with the dignity of the game.

Blinks, of the War Department, had

kept the bellboy busy bringing up mixed
drinks from the bar and was in a state of
total indifference as to whether the chips
were coming in or going out. With a
drunken man’s luck, he was the first to
hold openers on a jackpot which had as-
sumed appetizing proportions, having been
sweetened several times.
“I'll open it,” he said, sleepily, as he
reached for a piece of lemon peel in a cock-
tail glass, making no move to put in his
money.

“Well, what are you opening it with,
money or prayer?” snapped the doctor,
who had about his usual hand—three, four,
five, eight, nine.

“'Scuse me, Doc. Money, of course.
This is no prayer meeting,” said Blinks,
as he dropped a two-dollar bill into the pot.
“Well, you will have to come again if you
get that pot,” growled the doctor omi-
nously, as he covered the opener’s bet and
pushed in a stack of blues.

All the other members dropped out ex-
cept Blinks, who, to the doctor's great
disgust, saw the raise and called for there

8. .
“Well, Doc, it's up to you,” said the
dealer, with the deck in hand, as he looked
inquiringly at the man who had dared to
raise the opener, i

“Oh, I guess I'll play these,” Rope the
doctor, with a far-away look in his eyes.
“Now, Mr. Opener, do your betting.”
‘Blinks indifferently pushed in a white
chip, which the doctor promptly saw and
raised himthe limit, This had no other effect
than to cause the opener to porate him
seriously for a moment, and then he labori-
ously drew from his trousers pocket a roll
of bills, fresh from the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing, which smelled like a new
deck of cards, He peeled off ared-backed
twenty and tossed it among the chips on
the table,

“Doe, I'll have to call you.
they?” he said.

“That's good,” groaned
“What did you call me with?”
Blinks threw his hand face upward on
the table, revealing only a pair of jacks,
“What did you call me for with a pair of
“Didn't you

How big are

the doctor.

jacks?” yelled the doctor.
see I stood pat?”
“No, Doc, I didn't notice you stood pat
or I would have laid down.”
“Well, [ wish you'd pay some attention
blurted out the doctor, as he
slammed his hand intothe discard, “Cash
my checks,” he said to the banker. “That
lets. me out of this game. When I play
poker, I play poker, and when I want to
sit ina poker game with a man that has no
more poker sense than a jack-rabbit I'll
let_ you know.”
With this parting shot he was off, treating
Blinks's invitation to have something with
silent contempt, and swearing that the
ame should know him no more, But
they all knew that they could not lose him
and that the next Sunday would find him
holding down his usual corner.

to the game,”

Example of One Species of Honesty.
From the Philadelphia Preas

A Philadelphian recently returned from
Ireland tells the following story aud vouches
for its veracity:

“lL was in a remote part of the Green Isle
and was compelled to stay at a wayside inn
during the night. Evidently the place was
not frequented by travellers to any great
extent, and my reception was made a gala
occasion. Before retiring, FE placed my shoes
outside of iny room to be polished, accordin
to the Furopean custom. In the morning
found them as [ left them. | informed the
landlord that [| ha@ put my boots out and that
they had not been touched

“Sure, sor,’ he replied, ‘you cud lave
yer watch outside o' yur dour all night in
this house an’ they wouldn't be tonehed.’”

 

away a lot of time up at Augusta and vote | “Julia was for Jones. As the day when

on things I didn’t know anything about,
while my ceal business was running down
hill all the time. But aman will do a lot
Tor peace,”

The Captain, who was a bachelor, looked
over at Mr. Goodspecd commiseratingly,
but he was wise enough to make no com-
ment.

“Mes, Goddspeed moved up to Augusta
with me and went into p: litios a big sight
harder than I did, Politics? Why, man
alive, how could I think of.p litics when
the cftice was telephoning me about coal
contracts? Bnf Julia dreamed politics.

“One day I said to her that I never sus-
pected that she cared anything about
changing the game laws. She had been
giving me a lot of pointers on how I should
vote.

“‘Game laws,’ she said,
the ducks I'm: working for; it's for you.

|

 

If you vote right and make a big name for !

yourself there isn’t any reason why you
can't be President some cay. That Has-
with woman's husband was Lieutenant-
Governor, but you're going higher or——'

“‘Or go broke, I guess,’ I answered;
‘because if I don't quit fooling away my
time hére, I surely will.’

“But Mrs. Goodspeed just shut her mouth
in a way she has, and I saw I'd have to let
things run as they were for a time any-
way.

“So I kept plugging ahead making
speeches about corporation laws and State
lunatic asylums and a lot of such rot. Julia
would write them out for me. I was too
busy to think much about them, with busi-
ness letters to attend to, and now and then
taking a trip down to Bucksport to try to
straighten things out at the office.

“Finally every one was talking about
the election in the Legislature for a new
Senator for Washington, There was a man
named Jones and another named Birds-
foot running neck and neck, and no one
was sure which was going to get elected,

“Nearly every one was interested, and I
guess I was the only man in the State who
didn't care a cent one way or the other,
Of course, different’ people tried to get me
to promise to vote for their man, but IT was
80 worried about business and Julia holding
me down to all this foolishness that when
some one would say ‘Cloodspeed, you're
going to vote for Jones, aren't you?’ I'd
say ‘Yes, yes,’ just to get rid of him; and
I'd say the same when they asked me to
vote for Birdsfoot.

“I honestly didn’t care, Coal was higher
than a kite, and I'd made contracts to de-
liver at a figure 'way below what'I could
buy for, so I spent my time writing and
telephoning and telegraphing and legis-
lating when I could get a minute off.

(ry ee

the yote was to be taken came nearer I
heard people say that it was going to be
mighty close, but they didu't trouble me,
because both sides thought I was safe.

“The morning we were going to vote
Julia said to me:

“Cyrus, Whatever you do, don’t vote for
Mr. Birdsfoot. I met Mre. Jones yesterday;
she’s a real nice little home body, and she
pointed Mrs, Birdsfoot out to me, and do
you know that Mr. Birdsfoot has just the
look of that Haswith woman?’ .

“‘Julia,’ I said, ‘I'lldo my best to remem-
ber the name of the man you want. Birds-
foot, you said, didn't you?’

“No, not Birdsfoot at all, Cyrus; Jones,
You surely can’t forget that even if you
are thinking of business, because it's such
a common name, Don't forget, will you,

‘Cyrus, it isn't } Cyrus?’

“Well, of course, I promised, but when
I got over to where my desk gyas—it was in
the back of the hall, because I wasn’t tucky
in drawing for aseat—my mind was all taken
up with a business letter | was writing.

“A lot of men came up to me and said,
‘You won't forget what you promised,
Goodspeed?’ and I smiled and said, ‘No,
of course not,’ but all the time I hadn't the
least idea what I had promised,

“The Speaker sat in his chair facing
the rest of us and there was a box in front
of him for ballots. We voted as we were
seated; those of us in the front seats first,
and so on; each one walking upin turn and
putting his vote, written on a piece of white
paper, into the box.

“As I said, I was busy. Things down at
the oftice had taken a turn for the better
and I could see a chance to make
some money for a change. :

“So I didn't pay much attention one way
or the other to what was going on until
I saw different men looking at me and
nodding; then I knew it was my turn to vote.
A piece of blank paper was before me on
my desk and I picked up a pen, dipped it in
the inkstand and commenced nibbling the
end of the penholder.

* ‘Jones or Birdsfoot?’ I thought.
did I promise Julia I'd vote for?’

“By that time every one was stretch-
ing their necks around and some were
talking in deaf and dumb language at
me, which I don't understand, The
Speaker got. up from his chair and said:

“ ‘The members have all voted with the
exception of the gentleman from Bucks-
port.’

“I saw I had to write some name, so I
did it and put my vote in the box and the
tellers counted the ballots, and then the
Speaker got up again and said:

“‘I have to’ announce that Mr. Birds-
foot is the choice for Senator,’

‘Which

 

 

er "
1904. Sa A
INCIDENTS IN THE WAR ZONE.

 

TRULY FEMININE.
' Of course, all Japan rings with the praises
| of Miss Andg Yoshi, the plucky Japanese
; woman who escaped, from Port Arthur
| with the Russian war maps tucked tightly
under her kimono,

“Will the most) honorable Miss Yoshi
tell us the story of her patriotic and perilous
feat? Being a woman, how came you to
realize the great military value of those
measurements and diagrams? What at-
tracted you to those papers?”

“Oh, I thought they were dress patterns,
you know, and I just couldn’t help looking
‘at them!” confessed the heroine.

Then the Japanese loved her the more,
for their plucky heroine was as feminine
as her silken obi.

 

THE SNEEZEOVITCH LANGUAGE.

Japanese spies were everywhere in the
neutral ground between the two armies.
Still, their slant-eyed physiognomy caused
their expeditions to be undertaken only at
night.

“Who goes there?” cried a Russian sen-
try. j
“A friend,” came the reply of the Jap in
the shadow. ,

“Advance, friend, and give the counter-
sign.”

It was a desperate moment. Quickly
the Jap forced a huge pich of snuff up his
nose and awaited the sneeze.

“Pfloof—kerchewski—sneezeovitch!”

“That's right,” said the Russian. “Pass,
little brother!”

 

HOMELIKE.

The Yankee war correspondent stood
watching the slow, tedious transportation
of troops on the Trans-Siberian Railway.

“Ah,” said he to the General in com-
mand, “allow me to congratulate you on
the rapid mobilizing of troops on this rail-
way!”

Just then another flat ear loaded with
shivering recruits jolted its way into the
frost-bite regions.

“Yes,” went on the correspondent, “in
a cable despatch I have just compared the
facilities on the Trans-Siberian to one
of the great railroad systems in New York.”

“Ah, indeed,” smiled the official, “and
what road was that?”

“The B. R. T. trains over Brooklyn

Bridge!”
FRESHMAN POKER AT YALE.

The Annual Epidemic Ferreted Out and
Squelched by the Faculty.

The annual epidemic of draw poker,
which seems to strike every freshman class
at Yale in the midst of the winter term, has
been ferreted out and aquetohed by the
faculty.

Attracted by the rattle of the poker chips,
a proctor in Pierson Hall, commonly known
as the Freshman Nursery, entered a room
and founda game in full swing a few evenings
ago. He explained the rigorous action which
the faculty had determined to take in case
the students persisted in playing poker, and
the word went forth that hereafter wise
freshmen would confine themselves to tiddle-
de-winks, jackstraws and other innocent
forms of amusement.

In past. years, poker, especially in the
freshman class, has caused the Yale facult
much hard thought, The little games too
place with regularity in spite of proctors.

The freshmen indulged with the spirit
of true sports, playing for the excitement
and diversion which the gene afforded,
rather than the money involved. In some
cases, however, the stakes were run into
three figures, and in one instance a fresh-
man quit a game some $500 out of pocket,
and went home soon afterward,

After trying several plans without suo-
cess, the faculty hit upon the expedient of
sending letters to the parents of the students
involved, asking their co-operation in doing
away with the practice. Without exception
the parents upheld the faculty, and in many
instances the youthful poker devotee was
surprised by a letter from home cutting
off his allowance before he even knew that
he had been found out.

So the freshman who indulged in poker
felt himself in a precarious position, and
with a very few exceptions the players
turned their attention to other things.
No letters have been sent out this year, and
it is thought that none will be necessary,

“The average freshman seems to turn to
gambling as the sparks fly upward,” said
one of the proctors at Yale recently, “and
the spread of the disease is greatest in the
winter term. Athletics, in various forms,
distract his attention in the fall and spring
terms, but winter leaves him with an abun-
dance of tirne on his hands and no outlet.
for his exuberant spirits. Consequently, he
endeavors to drive off ennui by gambling.

“I know of an instance in the last two
years in which a member of the lowest
class lost all his furniture, his rug, &c.,
rather than draw out of a game.”

 

 

 

 

 

“Yes, Captain, Birdsfoot got there by
one vote and it was my vote, too, because
I forgot that it was the common name
instead of the uncommmon one that Julia
told me to vote for.

“Well, vou can believe me or not, just
as you wish, but there was nearly a riot
started right there and I was the centre
of it. Some men I used to think were
good friends of mine shook their fists at
me and called me a traitor, and others I
hardly ever spoke to grabbed me by the
hand and said that they'd never forget
what I had done.

“But I-had my letter finished and I was
in a hurry to mail it, so I got out of a back
door and started to our rooms.

“Julia was looking out of a window as
I came up. Shehad hold of a newspaper
so fresh from the press that it smelled
sticky.

“‘Cyrus A. Goodspeed!’ she called out
before I had fairly stuck my head inside,
‘were you crazy to vote for that Birdsfoot
man? I've just been reading all about
it in the paper. They've got an extra
out.’

“After all, there are some things a man's
wife says to him at times that don't con-
cern any one else a bit, Boiled down, it
was to the effect that I'd ruined my chances
in politics. When she'd left me to sort
of digest it all, the doorbell rang and Birds-
foot came in.

“‘T hurried around to thank you,’ he
said before [ could get a word in edge-
ways,

“Now, even if Julia didn't like the way
I had voted, I couldn't be rude to a man
when he was my guest, 80 I gave him a
cigar and we sat talking.

“After a time she came in. I was a little
nervous, but I got up and introduced Birds-
foot to her. But Julia was as polite as if
she hadn't told me to vote for Jones.
Finally, after we'd talked the weather to
death, Birdsfoot said:

“ ‘Now, Mr. Goodspeed, | want (to make
some acknowledgment of your loyalty to
me, I know the President quite well and
I imagine I have influence enough to get
you a foreign appointment, not. as Ambassa-
dor, because those jobs are all taken, but,
say, as Minister to one of the South or Cen-
tral American republics.’

“Before he had fairly ended I was on
my feet. I'd voted for him when Julia
told me not to, but I wasn’t going to make
another break. Besides, it was my office
in Bucksport and not South or Central
America I wanted to go to.

“So I thanked him, but said I couldn't
really consider such a proposition. Julia
broke in and said just as sweetly as possible
that I was rather overcome with the criti-
cisme*I had received ‘for voting as my

a ET, |S

OP:

 

 

vB.

 

“CHESTNUTS.”

 

dences In Babies.

Probably since the institution of our
Government it has made use of cipher
codes, but perhaps only since the outbreak
of the war with Spain in 1898 and the
American occupation in the Philippines,
have the officers of the army and navy
resorted to the regular use of codes for
sending news to their families,

Une , officer was ordered in 189 to the
Asiatic station on one ef the new gunboata,
He proceeded via the Suez Canal, while
his wife, not being allowed by the rules of
the Navy Department to accompany her
husband aboard ship, hastened across
the continent, and, sailing from San Fran-
cisco on one of the liners of the Pacific
Mail, reached one of the Asiatic ports,
the. future station of her husband, who
arrived there soon after.

Letters from them received by their
relatives here told of their safe arrival
and the beauty of the Orient, and in every
letter something about a code, or the use
of one, was mentioned. The officer finally
instructed his brother at Washington to
register a cable address, for he could ex-

‘tan important message at any time.

e also promised to send a code and the
key by the following mail. }

The families here wondered what it all
meant. The solution came by the next
mail in the shape of the following:

Cherry—Mother and son well.

Muple—Mother well, son not well.

Oak-~-Mother not well, son well

Cedar—Mother and son not well.

Chestnut—Mother and daughter well.

Beech—Mother well, daughter not well.

Linden—Mother not well, daughter well.

Elm—Mother and daugher not well,
Spruce—Mother recovering, son did not

live. ;
Pine—Mother recovering, daughter did not

ve.

If plural of word is sent. signifies 7 pounds
or over ‘

Day after day and night after night
the relatives looked for the expected mes-
sage, until, about 2 o'clock one cold win-
ters morning, a message was delivered
which, besides the cable address of “Con-
trary, Washington,” contained only one
significant word, viz.: “Chestnuts,” mean-
ing, “Mother and daughter well,” and that
the baby was over seven pounds in weight.

Recently the officer has been ordered
to the States, and this time the brother
at Washington, having the joyous oppor-
tunity to impart good news to him, simply
telegraphed that same code word “Chest-
nuts.”

Strangely enough, in the original copy
of the code, the word “Chestnuts” was
underscored; both the children have an
abundance of chestnut hair, and they look
enough alike to be sisters or chestnuts
out. of the same burr. This may be ma-
terial for believers in prenatal influence.

BATS AT A DOLLAR A DOZEN.

 

 

So Many in an Indiana Cave That Supply
Will Last Long.

From the Louiaville Flerald

The myriads of bats that inhabit Wyan-
dotte Cave, thirty miles west of New Albany,
are becoming an article of commerce.

J. O. Sibert, a young man who is employed
at the cave, recently shipped to Harvard
University, where they are used in demon-
strations of comparative anatomy, three
dozen bats, for which he received a dollar
adozen. They have been shipped in smaller
quantities to other educational institutions
for scientific purposes. The bats in Wyan-
dotte Cave would supply the markets of the
world. While in the summer months they
abound in large numbers, and to the visitors
of the cave are an object of almost as much
interest as is the cave itself, the number
multiplies wonderfully in the winter.

Whence they come is a mystery to the
people about the cave, but from the vast
numbers they must congregate fromn a large
territory. It is probable that all the bats in
southern Indiana and a portion of Kentucky
make their winter quarters at the cave, It
is estimated that the number that winter
there will reach 100,000

|

Applicant in the Wrong Room.

From the Philadelphia Record

During the excitement of a physical ex-
amination of candidates for places on the
police force yesterday in City Hall, a mild-
mannered man wandered into the room and
somehow got mixed up with the aspirants
for places on the force. He was instructed
to remove his clothes partly, and in a few
minutes was hard at work with the other
men in the room, raising dumbbells, in-
flating his chest and undergoing a general
physical examination.

“Run around the room,” he was come
manded, and, on # trot, he made the circuit
of the room a dozen times

Almost out of breath, he stepped then,
and inquired:
“Look a’ here, what else have I got to do

et my license?”

to
“What license?” queried the surgeon, in

surprise.

“Why, my marriage license. That's what
I came in for,” was the reply.

“Say,” said the surgeon, “you're in the
wrong room. _T thought you wanted to be a
policeman. The license bureau is down-
stairs.”

 

 

 

conscience dictated, that we appreciated
all that Mr. Birdsfoot had said, and that if
he could get me appointed Minister some-
where we would never forget his kindness.

“I was so sort of bewildered with the
change things had taken that I couldn't
say a word, and after some more talk about
nothing at all Birdsfoot left.

“ ‘How could you be foolish enough to
throw away a chance of becoming a Min-
ister, Cyrus?’ Julia said. ‘Don't you know
that if you get your appointment we'll
be way ahead of Mrs. Haswith?’

' “I kept quiet, because there didn’t seem

much chance that the Minister business
would pan out.
“The Legislature adjourned the week

after and I started for Bucksport like a shot

out of a gun. I tell you, Captain, it was

a real happiness to get down to business

again, for when the Lord made me He

made a business man and stopped right
there without putting on any extra trim-
‘mings.

“Things went along pretty well until
one day I got a letter from Birdsfoot calling
me to Washington. I had been figuring
on a coal contract for a soldiers’ home up
ouf way, so I thought it was that I was
wanted for, and I took Julia along for a
little change.

“Birdsfoot met me at the hotel and said

| he'd be glad to take me around to the White

House and introduce me to the President.

So we went around together and the Presi-
| dent was very nice, said that Mr. Birds-
foot had spoken to him about me and asked
if I would consider an appointment as Min-
ister to San José.

f IT hadn't been through all I had I would
have said ‘No, thank you,’ then and there;
but instead I thanked him and asked for a
day to consider, Then I went back and
joined Julia at the hotel.

“I rather think it won't take you long,
from what I have told you of Julia’s am-
bitions, to guess what she said. But the
| Suton was that I managed to make a
compromise. I agreed with Julia that I'd
take the job,and she agreed that she'd let
me resign in two months.

“Mrs. Goodspeed is back in Bucksport.
She's having a dress made for a fancy ball
she's going to give the week after I get back,
and with her dress, which will lay over
anything Bucksport ever saw, added to the
fact that she is the wife of a retired diplo-

lane she calculates Mrs. Haswith’s blow-
outs will look pretty small.

“And the best of all is that two months
| from to-day I will be a free men, for Julia
has solemnly promised that she'll let me off
on politics after this."

The Captain rose as Mr. Goodspeed
stopped speaking. The Burlington had
been making good headway, and the white-

 

— a aes Se =

ee ah
ow eee

12

abe eemnmewe—omermee wennmev me tw 44

| PYEER DEAD UNDER ~ =

An Army Offcer’s Code and Some Colnel-

ITS RIDER.

Only His Legs Were So Long He
Ran, Not Walked, with It,
and It Died of Fright.

 

“When T was working in the lumber
woods at Cross Forks, on Pine Creek,” said
the man from Potter county, Pennsylvania,
“a man named George Briggs came over
from Cortland, N. Y.,.and wanted to get
a live deer, This was before the railroads
and tanneries came into that part of the
hemlock belt, and deer were more than
plenty. Jule’. Mrittenden’ was running
things at Gross Forks, and he volunteered
to get Briggs the deer, °

“Jule scatteréd a number of his men
about in the: woods;told me to hitch up a
team to follow the road through the woods
with him, and then put the dogs out to start
adeer. They were not long doing it. The
deer came to the road some distance ahead
of our team, We put the whip to the horses
and chased it all the way to the ford of the
creek at Cross Forks, the shouting of the
men in the woods and the yelping of the
dogs keeping it in the road.

“The deer took # course up the creek at
the ford. The men scared it back, though,
and it ran into a hig laurel patch. We had
stopped the team, and it was standing in
the road, with Crittenden and me both
in the wagon, while the dogs chased the
deer out pastthe team. As it was bounding
by Crittenden leaped from the wagon and
came dowy astride of the deer,

“Crittenden was a nan with extraordi-
narily long legs, and as he landed on the
deer his feet touched the ground on each
side, thus preventing his weight from
breaking the deer down, and enabling it
to move on its way. This it did for enly a
few paces, though, when it came to a stand-
still, Crittenden’s long legs and his clutch
on the deer keeping it on its feet, . When
the deer stopped Crittenden hollered to me:

“I’ve got him! Hurry here with the
halter strap!

“I got the halter strap out of the wagon,
and ran to where Crittenden was holding
the deer and J noticed something peculiar
about the animal, and I sdid to Crittenden;

“ ‘Why, Jule, the deer is dead!”

“ ‘Like fun it is!’ said Crittenden, holding
on to the deer with a tight clutch. ‘Halter
it, I tell you, or if’ll throw me and get away!’

“ ‘You get off,’ sald I. ‘and I tell you the
deer wiil fall over!" :

“He got off of. the deer and-it. tumbled to
the ground as dead as astone. It- had.
actually been scared to death,

“We got Briggs his live deer, though, the
next day. The odd feature of that déer
hunt was the standing of a dog on a run-
way and the driving of a deer to it by the
hunter, instead of putting the hunter on the
runway and letting the dog do thedriving.
It worked to a charm and they took the
deer in and delivered it to Briggs.

“I don't know what there was about that
man, but in Jess than half an hour he had
that deer so tame—fresh as it was from its
wilderness haunts, where is was wild and
unapproachable—that it would follow him
anywhere; and the last we saw of Briggs
or the deer he was on his way to York State
taking the public road, the deer following
close at his heels and munching sweet
apples that he fed it now and then as they
marched along.”

 

KEG WAS NOT DELIVERED.

Failure of an Overworked Scheme tn Pro-
hibition Kansas.

From the Emporia Gazette,

The other day a drayman stopped at the
Cottage Studio in broad daylight with a
ten gallon keg and started to unload it.
Mr. Alvord chased out and asked the dray-
man what was in that keg. The drayman
looked foolish and said, “I ain’t supposed
to know. I guess it is the real thing, though.
It's got a Government seal onit.” “Well,
you take it back to the depot and tell them
they've barked up the wrong tree. Neosho
River hydrant water is good enough for
Methodists, I refuse to accept it asa gift,”
The drayman started back to the depot.

An investigation revealed the fact that a
ruse, much used by some brewery firms.
is to forward, without order, a keg of liquor;
and there is a technicality of the law which
compels a man to pay for goods if he permits
the goods to be unpacked at his place. The
company takes it for granted that rather
than fight the case at the risk of his reputa-
tion the congignee will pay for it. It is said
this has been tried on several Emporia men
who have good names and no more use for
whiskey than they have for icicles down the
backs of their shirts. The same plan is used
by some oil companies. When a barrel of
oil is ordered they will duplicate the order,
running the chance that the consignee
will permit it to be unloaded at his place of
business.

 

 

washed houses of a little town could be
distinguished peering out from under some
palin trees.

Overhanging the town @ great moun-
tain loomed up, covered from base to stum-
mit with luxuriant green. A faint, in-
describable smell of tropical flowers blown
by the summer breeze filled the air.

Crowds of men, women and children
were gathered on the white sand talking
and gesticulating, their voices, lulled by
the distance, reaohing the Burlington in a
subdued murmur,

But it was not of any of these things
that the Captain thought. He had his
glasses levelled at a little mud fort perched ._
like a sandpiper on a hillock to one side,
and adding; by its absurd appearance of
weakness, the one touch needed to make
up an ideal scene for a comic opera.

The Captain studied the flag over the fort
for a while, referred to a large, flat book
lying before him and then studied the flag
again.

“It isn’t here,” he finally said. “After
all, it’s only what one ought to expect im
this God forsaken part of the world,

A strange feeling of bewilderment case
over Mr. Goodspeed.

“What isn't there?” he asked.

“The flag,” the Captain answered.
“There's been another revolution, 1 guess.
They have them about twice a year down
here, and every time the new administra-
tion has its peculiar idea of what a national
flag should look like.”

Mr. Goodspeed thought a moment.

“How will that affect me, Captain?” he
asked.

“Well, as you say you are accredited
to the Government of President Miguel
Herez, and he is evidently not doing busi-
ness, it willaffect youthis way. The papers
you have from the State Department aren't
worth the ink they're written with.

“I'm sorry, Mr. Goodspeed, sorry for
your wife's disappointment; but unless you
want to land as a private citizen Ull have
to take you back to the States. There's
no cable communication here, and as soon
as I land to verify things the Burlington wili
start back to report. Want to go ashore
with me?”

“No, Lthank you. I've played an honest
game with Julia, but if luck’s playing my
way I rather think the Burlington is good
enough for me until I get back home.

‘ a dinner that evening the Captain turned
ou 8 ‘

“Well, Rt all turned out as I thought,”
he said. “Herez is over in Paris with all
there was in the treasury, and every turn
of the screw is taking us nearer God's own
country. What will you say to your wife
when vou get back in Bucksport?”

“Say?” answered Mr. Goodspeed tha
Hon. Mr. Goodspeed no more. “LT won't
sav anything, I'll buckle down to the coal
business and Jet Julia and Mrs. Haswil)
fight it out as best they can.”