ee .

f

SP er arr

a

 

i)

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,

PAPAL AAD PA LP PAP PPP ok

 

 

~

 

For Pa,
Ma, Sis
and Bub,

CLOTHING, MILLINERY, SHOES

STYLISH, REFINED and RELIABLE, and the widest possible choice,
at NO HIGHER PRICES than in swell stores where you must pay cash.
Come and choose your wardrobe; establish your responsibility and we
It’s a simple trade proposition —

take care of the rest.

YOU ARE CLOTHED, PLEASED AND PAY.
AND WB ARE PAID AND PLEASED.

We clothe people in the four Boroughs.

pZEITZ & TARSHIS, sRSOROT

_IIS TROUBLES IN
A SANITARIUM.

The Great Mistake of Bob Earl-
ton, Who Needed a
Rest Badly.

Bob Earlton was known among his co-
workers as a “continuous performance,”
and to his physician as a mere bundle of
nerves,
experience when the latter’s opinion out-
weighed all others and called him to a halt.
“Well, what am I to do about it?” he asked.

“Go at once to the Rocksburg Sanitar-
ium,” replied the physician.

“That would not be bully!” retorted Bob
with his usual cheerful smile; but he went.

He found the surroundings of the sani-
tarium delightful. His spirits began to
rise the moment he passed the great pil-
lars which tuarked the entrance, The sun-
light glinted through the trees and fell on
fountains and winding drives. The lawn
was alive with people whose laughter
warmed Bob's heart, for Bob was nothing
Mf not social,

He hastily investigated his room and then
descended to the lawn. He sat down
beside an elderly man who kept one hand
pressed against his back.

“Bully day, this,” began Earlton cheer-
fully.

The other groaned. “You won't say that
many years,” hereturned warningly. “No
day will seem pleasant after you get a
liver!"

Bob stared in amazement.

“A liver?” he questioned.

The other nodded violently.
liver. They're catching here.”

Bob recovered himself and smiled be-
hind his hand. “You've probably been too
high a liver yourself,” he added quickly.

Ihe afflicted hearer ignored the pun and
groaned again. a

“If you're not after a liver what are you
doing here?” he asked. ;

“Sure enough! What am I doing here?”
sighed Bob, arising. He felt a trifle dazed.
Fatigue and the liver complainer were
getting on his nerves, and he began to
wander about restlessly. He entered the
hall and took off his hat to a woman stand-
ing there. ;

“Pardon me, will you direct me to Dr.
Brown’s office?”

“How stupid of you to ask me,” was the
unexpected rejoinder. “Don't you know
I never answer questions?”

He went up to his room and threw him-
self languidly on his. couch, wondering
what sort of place he had got into, Pres-
ently he was listening to a conversation
carried on in low tones on a balcony outside
his closed blinds.

“New arrival, isn't he?”

“Yes; came this afternoon,” answered a
man's voice,

“What's the matter with him?”

“Oh, he thinks he’s all right nd the rest
of the world all wrong. ty, for he’s a
fine looking fellow.”

“Has he an attendant?”

“No, but Gillette is to keep an eye on
him. If he gets violent Dr. Brown will
chuck him in the barn room that is being
finished off.”

Earlton-became interested. Dr. Brown,
the great nerve specialist, tried his skill,
then, on the insane. That accounted for
the patients he had already met.

Steps sounded on the balcony and a
third voice asked, “Who is it that’s in-
sane?”

And then the reply came perfectly dis-
tinct: “A young man who came this
aftémoon from New York—Earlton by
name,”

When he realized what he was about,
Rob found himself before a mirror, gazing
fixedly at a white, set face. He was re-
calling his physician's looks, his mother’s
anxiety, his friends’ solicitude. He had
had no choice as to a sanitarium. He
had been trapped into this place. It was
all clear now,

He picked up a hand mirror and began
to inspect himself. He certainly looked
gaunt. His profile appeared unfamiliar
to him. He did not look as he supposed
he did. He did not remember having so
Jong a nose, and it surely did not have so
decided a Roman curve.

“The insane often imagine they are other

ple,” thought Bob, and a sickening
ear assailed him.

He tried to think connectedly. He must
prove his sanity to these people and to

r. Brown. ere his heart sank. He
had an appointment with the physician in
fifteen minutes, for a diagnosis of his case.
He felt he could never live through the
ordeal, He became faint. The supper
bell had rung but he had not heeded it,
He could not face the people who knew that
* room was being prepared for him in the

arn.

At the Legge ae time Bob went to the
doctor's office, saying desperately to him-
self, “Be calm. Kemember you are sane.”

Dr. Brown met him at the office door,
and under his keen eyes Bob became panio-
stricken atonce. He had a wild desire to
sit down and cry. Hence, lest he should
weep when he did sit down, he remained
standing, gripping a fab cack with vise-
like fingers. e was Sure he should act as
if insane if he did sit down, but he also
suspected that he was giving a like impres-
sion by standing.

In miserabie uncertainty, he deserted
the chairback and moved about restlessly,
pursued by Dr. Brown's intent eyes. He
plunged his hand into his pocket and
brought out a cigar.

“What brand do you use?” he asked.

“I don't smoke,” replied the physician,
and reached for Earlton’s pulse.

It had been such an irreleyant question
at such a time! A cold perspiration broke
out on Bob's forehead. e doctor ob-
served it.

“Do your perspire freely?” he asked.

“Oh, no, no!” cried Earlton with childigh
eagerness, “I never perspire.”

Dr. Brown smiled and drew his hand
acroas the young man’s brow. It came
away moist!

“You have been to supper, of course,”
was his next remark,

“No,” said Earlton, with no idea of what
he was saying, “I never eat at night.”

“Never eat at night!” the doctor ex-
ploded. “Never eat at night! Good Lord,
man! What are you thinking about?”

What was he, aure enough! He was
not thinking at all connectedly. He was
trying to make remarks which sounded sane
and his success was not at all remarkable,
He hunted around wildly for a reply to
Dr. Brown's question, for the doctor was
waiting.

“Yes, a

There came a summer in Bob's |

FINE EASTER CLOTHING

$ 00

 

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
AAR ARAR APPAR DAP A DAE PPA A

ane

@ week.

535 Fulton St.,
468 Fifth Ave.,

 

NO MONEY DOWN.

WE TRUST
EVERYBODY

And We Sell

Everything
Housefurnishing,

for

Long Island

Furniture Co.,

46, 48 & 50 Myrtle Ave.,
and 356 Pearl St., Bklyn.

 

 

 

“I believe—that is—it agrees with me
perfectly to eat breakfast. hever go with-
out that, but three meals a day seem to—-
to—to clog my system.”

The doctor leaned back and roared.
No other name can be SEpure to his laugh.
He roared long and loud, and then arose
and slapped Earlton on the back so hear-
tily that the latter could have embraced
him—it seemed so like a man-to-man action.

“In this place, my good sir, we eat three
square meals a day.”

“I'll do my best to accommodate you,”
said Earlton, almost sobbing in the joyful
fraceien which the doctor's manner gave

im,

A few moments later the interview ended;
Bob turned to leave the office. His heart
had lightened a bit. He had drawn a long
breath, and felt that he was emerging from
a dream. He had laid his hand on the
door knob, when a door behind him opened
and some one entered,

At once the doctor said carelessly, “By
the way, Earlton, I want you to meet Gii-
lette here, a edic who is spending his
vacation with us.”

At the name Earlton sto as though
struck by a cannon ball. en he drew a
labored breath, turned slowly and met—
his keeper! His eyes were slightly blurred,
but they enabled him to see that Gillette
was a tall fellow witha good natured face
and light checked trousers. Then he heard
the doctor say in a tone which had for his
ears a far off eound, “Show Earlton over
the piace will you, Gillette?”

Bob stumbled along blindly, helplessly,
after his attendant, through the hall and
out on the moonlit lawn. His brain was
numbed. He did not think coherently
but found himself following those checked
trousers mechanically. He noticed that
they were too short and that they fairly
Givversa in the moonlight. He found

imself trying to count the number of checks
from seam toseam. This was maddening,

Under the shadow of the trees he clenched
his hands in desperate determination to
put the idea of checked trousers from his
thoughts. The thing for him to consider
was how to appear sane before the laughing
group they were approaching. Gillette
introduced him.

rere up, brace up,” Bob said to himself
earnestly, and then became panic stricken.
He had certainly spoken those words aloud,
He felt sure that when he shook hands
with the Beer p ancuiae rte lady in black
silk he had shouted at her, “Brace up!”
His hands became cold and clammy, and
he stood stricken dumb.

A lively lady sitting on the arm of a rustic
bench called to him, “We are guessing
conundrums, Mr. Earlton. Here is one
for you.” °

Bob forced a smile to his face and felt
for his handkerchief on which to wipe
his wet hands. He could not find the article
sought, and surreptitiously wiped them
on his coat tail, hoping that Gillette would
not notice the move.

“Well,” he said to the lady, holding his
feeble smile in place by main force.

“Here it is, Guess it. Why is a smiling
lunatio like a glass of jelly?”

A smiling lunatic! Bob’s face became
ghastly in the moonlight. He backed off.
“I really—I really can't say, I never have
liked felly myself. Perhaps some other
lunatic may, but I-——”

What was he saying? His tongue was
indeed an unruly member. A roar went up

from the group, His remark passed for a
joke, but Bob did not realize it.

The laugh finished him, He turned hastily.
He made no reply to the entreaties of the
group to remain, but literally fled so fast
that Gillette's checked trousers had to
twinkle to keep up with him. Bob was
conscious that their wearer was speaking,
but his words were lost. To escape was
his one idea. He could easily walk to New
York by short stages. He would never be
taken alive and brought back. He was
sane—or would be when he was out of this
place and no longer pursued by light checked
trousers.

They were tearing along a driveway at
react speed, “Mercy, man!” cried Gillette
“what's your hurry?

Earlton did not slacken his pace. It
occurred to him that such a pace would
soon cause the destruction of those trou i
which, he had observed, were too tigh®

“I never walk slowly,” he called over his
shoulder. “It's not good for the——-.” He
did not finish, The only word that occurred
to him was “liver,” and that word he would
not speak.

Suddenly he stopped short. A dark
object loomed up at the end of the drive,
an object that filled him with horror, The
barn! Above the great doors was a window,
and the moonlight struck with sickening
brightness on the steel bars which pro-
tected it. Earlton’s chest heaved con-
vulsively. For an instant he could neither
speak nor move, but that instant cut off
both retreat and advance. Dr. Brown
stepped out of the barn door in front of
him and Gillette came running up behind.

“Any one got a bet up on this race?”
asked Dr. Brown jovially.

Before (iillette, panting, could reply,
a yell prolonged and loud came from the
barred window over their heads. Bob
threw up his hands and staggered. Gillette
caught one arm and Dr. Brown steadied
him on the other side, explaining hastily:

“It's only a chap that's a bit off. Same
name as yours, by the way. Wonder if
he's related? Come, come, man, stand
up here. What ails you?”

And Bob, his heart swelling with relief
and joy, replied unexpectedly in a weak
and wavering tone, “Nothing—except I'm
80 bully glad he's crazy!” i

 

 

 

    
 

 
  

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. Nei |

ee Oe

|
eJOURNEAY & BURNHAM||

 

RCH 2

 

 

 

26 to 42 FLATBUSH AVENUE, JUNCTION FULTON STREET, BROOKLYN,

Easter Cards in pleasing variety.

Peerless Paper Patterns for April

| Store opens Mondays at 8 o'clock.

Other days at 8:30.

 

 
  
   
  
   

of this

  
   

e e
Millinery
we have ever made.

our own workrooms, :

The remainder of the great

cuffs.
Cc. O. D.

   

————_———__

LOVE MAKING OF THE

IT 1S MORE POETICAL THAN THAT
OF AMERICAN YOUTHS.

 

 

A Wealth of Oriental Imagery Used by
Even Peasants in Remote Villages to
Sing the Praises of the Objects of Their
Adoration—Washer Girl’s Courtship.

Everybody has heard of caste in India,
but few foreigners realize what caste really
means. The village sweeper, who always
belongs to the pariah class, may not enter
the house of any other villager.

He dare not go to the public well for a
drink lest he contaminateit. If he is thirsty
he must stand afar off and wail dolefully
until somebody takes pify on him and
brings water to him.

The village has a highly organized social
life, and in many ways it is distinctly so-
cialistic. The blacksmith, the barber, the
shoemaker, the sweeper and other laborers
and artisans are all public servants. Each
recelves 80 much per annum from each
villager, the sum usually yarying accord-
ing to the wealth of the individual.

Nobody dreams of paying laundry bills.
He pays the equivalent of 12 cents a year
to the washerman, and gives him a hand-
ful of food now and again, besides other
perquisites at weddings, births, and other
festivals.

This seems small pay for a year’s wash-
ing; but the dhoby has another valuable
privilege. He and his family can wear
the clothes given them to wash, and no-
body dreams of objecting. Thus they
are always gayly clad—one week in the
borrowed plumes of Ram Lal, the next
in those of Jhaman Singh.

Everything goes on in the village as it
has gone on for a thousand years or more.
There are many remote villages in India
in which no European has ever set foot,
and in few of them are white men seen
from one year’s end to the other.

The potter makes his pote as he did in
the days of Omar Khayyam. His simple
machine has remained unaltered for two
thousand years, and he has not the slightest
desire to improve it. If his tools are poor
his skill is remarkable.

The potters are a simple, meek folk.
They never quarrel, and do not even insist
on payment for their goods if the customer
bullies them. “As simple as a potter”
and “As mild as @ potter’ are common
sayings.

It is curious how every man's character
in India seems to be determined by his
occupation. Bricklayers are always active
and energetic, swineherds lazy and immoral,
shoemakers poor, ignorant and despised;
goldamiths clever and plausible rogues, and
blacksmiths gossips of the first water.

Carpenters have usually a turn for poetry,
and many of the greatest poets of India
have come from their class. But the vil-
lage does not rely upon such amateur talent.
It always supports a professional poet of
ite own.

Poetry is ingrained in the Hindoo nature.
Even the scoolboys are taught to recite
and comp ose poems befbre they can spell
words of three syllables, and the very
beggars solicit alms with harps in their
hands and songs upon their lips.

Like most poets elsewhere, the village
bard is usually a poor man, but he is never
in actual need, yhen he wants a meal
he hitches up his Pegasus and goes to some
rich villager—a goldsmith or bazaar man—
with a new poem in praise of the patron's
wife or house.

He is always rewarded with as much
food as he can eat, and, perhaps, a few
annas as well, He has no trouble with
publishers, no weary waiting to see his

oks in print. Whenever anything hap-
pens in the village, he is always on hand
with a few appropriate versés, and always
welcome,

There is much rivalry and jealousy amon
eR tee Villages as to the merits o
their respective poets, and at certain fes-
tivals during the year they assemble for
a literary tournament. ‘

Every Hindoo rajah or zamindar (rich
land owner) keeps his own laureate, to
whom he sometimes gives large estates
and the rents or taxee of whole villages.
Altogether, the poet's lines are cast in pleas-
ant places in India.

These village bards let their fancy run
riot in a bewildering maze of Oriental
imagery, and there is no limit to their ca-
pacity for flattery. This is the kind of poems
they compose for the rustic Romeo who
wants to charm the ear of his well-beloved:

“Oh, Lali! thou art sweeter than the
honey and more graceful than the deer:
I faint and die for thy love!

“Oh, thou dove! Oh, thou swan! In still
waters I see thy face, in the night wind
through the feathery bamboos I hear thy
voice, and the gloom of my thoughts goes
from me,

“Thy words are as drops of honey, and
thy voice is as the voice of the kutl (the india
nightingale]. When thou walkeat before

More of the Men’s $1.50, $2, $2.50 and $3
Negligee Shirts at 87c.

cheviot and pure Irish linen
arrived. On sale to-morrow at 87c.

Some are plain, others plaited front, attached or detached
The best Negligee Shirt value ever offered. None

HINDOOS |]

On Tuesday and Wednesday

week

March 22d and 235d,

we will place on exhibition the choicest representations
of the very finest

European & American Millinery.

It will be the most comprehensive

Opening

Distinctive style and refinement
characterize every model—whether from abroad or from

 

 
    

purchase of madras, zephyr,
Negligee Shirts has just

 
       
   
     
   
    

MONDAY
IS OUR
BARGAIN DAY

IN PIANOS
UPRIGHTS, sO

li we took a half page in the
papers we would have to
charge double the price for
our bargains, Early buyers
have the choice.
Carlen Squares.....
1 Samet Halstrow Square... $400
7 ease apARRe te $4100
rein\ DAght.. 1 8700
ach Upright..... $650
ay case.) -
1 Angelus Plano Player....... $300
1 Apolio Plano Player....
50 Holls Plano Player Music,
'¢ Price ‘all players).
6 Pierce Planos.. hee
All Uprights.
$10 Down- $1.50 Weekly.

COME EARLY AND SAVE
MONEY.

Time or Cash, as you like.

| Anderson & Co.,

ESTABLISHED 1876,
370 Fulton St., Near Smith.

 

 

$275 Sint

ee

 

me thou art beautiful as the spreading

peacock.

“Oh, Lali! Oh, beloved! Thy forehead
is as the new moon, and thy face like the
rising sun for glory!”

So the swaih goes on for half an hour
enamerating the beauties and graces of
her body and her character. When he is
quite certain that he has left nothing out,
he gets down to business,

“Oh, Lali! I can give five bracelets of fine
silver, two bullocks and three donkeys
as the price for thee. I will work for thee,
and for thy father and mother, and all thy
house, forever.”

Negotiations with the father ensue,
and if the terms are_ satisfactory, the
marriage is arranged. The young penne
cannot marry out of their caste and rank
in life without becoming outcasts.

If the man is a washerman he must wed
a washerwoman, And they have both
descended from a countless line of washing
ancestors, It is the same with the barber,
the potter, the farmer and all the other
trades and professions.

Love-making in the d
ducted in a curious way. 1
ple meet at the river cr at the fuller’s und
rae they wash the clothes, and fall in
love.

They may not speak directly to one another,
but they sing love songs in which they
enumerate the other's virtues and graces
and express their own feelings. Here are
two of these songs, as they were taken
down by Babu Pandian,an educated Hindoo:

She: “Oh, thou young man, black as
oil, sweet as sugar cane, I cannot ever
forget thy face. Whenever I think of thee,

me useless to do the work of my
parents.

“Thy love makes me uneasy in the day
and restless in the night. My mother
has promised to give me the roe and
beautiful oolt as my Power and my father
has promised me the right of washing
the clothes of the whole village when he

ets old and helpless, for I am the only
daughter to my father. :

“I saw thy footprint and the footprint
of thy black donkey, and my heart was
glad. When will the day come in which
1 may get a handful of betel nuts from thy
hands [eed is a marriage rite.

He: “Oh, swan! Oh, vel ny love
kills me. I can give my four donkeys
us a price for thee, I will work for thy
father and for tnee all the days of my life.

“If I have thee in my house there is no
need for a light. Oh, thou dove! show me
thy face in the waters by my side to remove
the gloom of my thoughts.”

ia seems fairly direct courtship, but
as a matter of fact, the lovesick youngsters
have not spoken to each other. hey
have sung with an air of careful uncon-
sciousness of each other's presence and
there is nothing on the surface to show
to whom the songs referred.

But their parents notice their mutual

class is oon-
6 young peo-

affection, and, if the match isa satisfactory
one, arrange for them to be married an
set up in the profession of village dhobies,

   

a

“"
0.

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARLLLALLLAL LLL LLL LLL ALAA

 

    

  
  
    

1904.

lowest prices.

 

6,600 yards of Crepe de Chine, all colors,

 

Chiffon Mousseline, silk and Cotton, 9c. a

The prettiest Summer colors.
25¢. mercerized black Sateen.....

AAG COLZUGHIIDOUNES BCT jindiiesvecessseceuses

 

New Spring Floor Coverings

Brase and Iron Bed Bargaina.
The greatest sale ever inaugurated.

Here are the Carpets:

75¢. all wool Ingrains, 59c. a yard.
The Hartfords: the best made—45 patterns.

$1.10 Velvets, 75c. a yard.
The Smith Sons’—15 patterns.

$1.25 and $1.50 Axminsters, 98c, a yard.
Fine line of 25 patterns.

$1.50 Body Brussels, 89c. and 98c. ayd.
Hartford, Bigelow-Lowell and \hittall;
civics of 45 patterns—a most remarkable
vaiue.

$1.50 to $1.75 Bigelow Axminster, Sa-

vonneries and Wilton Velvets, $125.
A beautiful line of high class Carpets—50

atterns,
$2.50 Royal Wiltons, $1.75.
A private line of 50 patterns of these mag-
nificent carpets. ,
Here are the Linoleums:

Inlaid Linoleums, 85c. and $1.00 a yard.
All regular, well seasoned, perfect goods-—
15 patterns.

Straw and Grass Mattings.

We are showing an unusually
large variety of these goods, in
every known design and coloring.

Here Are Easter Offers Indeed!
$1.69 Untrimmed Dress Hats, $1.19.

We count it good fortune to get these Hats at this
little price just two weeks before Easter.

know you will make it your good fortune to get one.

Of fine quality Tuscan braid and in the sha
just now. The Continental, roll brim

foliage or ribbon.

Regularly $1.69, now
None sent C. O. D.

$2.98 to $3.25 biack untrimmed dress Hats, $1.95.
Another demonstration of the supremacy of this Untrimmed Millin-

ery Store. These Hats are made by the best

in the United States of women’s and misses’ untrimmed Hats.
hair braid, interwoven with a narrow serpentine braid,
a very lacy grec ee ulany $2.98 to $3.25, at... ...... $1.05

a fancy

None sent C. O.

Main floor, centre, East Building.

WISE WHALES:IN JAPAN'S SBA, |

MAYBE THEY COULD EXPLAIN
RECENT TORPEDO DISASTERS.

The Bronzed Sailor in the South Street
Shipping Office Who Has Been There
and Seen ’Em Often With Their Mad on
Offers a Theory and « Story or Two,

“The whales we used to hunt off the
coast of Japan were great sleepers,” said the
bronzed seaman in a South street shipping
office, “particularly after they had taken
a cruise of a hundred knots or so, at the
rate of twenty knots an hour, and had ab-
sorbed maybe a ton or two of the crustaces
on which they fed. Then they were ready
for an after-dinner nap, and I want to tell
you that if anything woke them out of it
they were ten times madder than hurricanes,
and just tore things.

“Whenever one of them whales wanted
a nap it would turn over on its side and let
the waves rock it to sleep. And they
slept sound, too, fortunately, for that en-
abled us to milk the cow whales before we
harpooned ’em. Many’s the time I've sat
in a boat and milked a she whale while she
was taking a snooze like that, just like you
might milk a cow.

“Whale's milk is the richest milk that any
animal gives, and if only enough of it could
be got it'd drive cod liver oil clean out of
the market. A good healthy she whale,
with sucking cubs, would give down a
barrel of milk any time, and then we'd
have a feast as was a feast, after a hard
day's work.

, “Mentioning she whales and their cubs—
when one of them whales is on the move
she travels fast, and no matter how far
she is going she doesn'testop a second until
she gets there, not even to feed her cubs,
which are not weaned until the baleen—
them strainer things that you call whale-
bone—appears in their upper jaws. {

“Taking its pap, and at the same time |

travelling at steam engine speed, would !

be something a trifle hard for a whale oub | litter, after a cutting-up and stowing, than |

to do if it had to take in its provender a

eatest Store and the

1,900 yards of black Crepe de Chine, value 79c., )
2,200 yds. of white & cream Crepe de Chine, value 79c
3,000 yards of real Shantung Pongee, value 85c.,
1,000 yards of figured white Taffeta, value 99c.,

A Budget of Big Values.
The Gist of Monday’s Sales.

Pee taitssaeiiteae A OCUa Vala
Women’s 25c. and 30c Underwear............ 10c

Unexampled Values in Carpetings and Rugs,

 
 
    
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
    
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
 

New Floor Coverings--

Carpets; Mattings, Linoleums and Rugs at less than present wholesale cost.

These are the Spring designs of the very best makers in the country and in enormous variety. Many of
the most desirable we sell here exclusively.
favored hereabouts—exclusiveness, all that’s best at prices that are the least.

Ss that are in demand
ilor, the Mushroom and
the new short back Sailor with boat design crown; also the bell
crown effects. These c#z in natural straw color that the Parisian
milliners favor because it will harmonize with any ene

 

 

 

AND

BROOKLYN,

79c. to $1 Silks at 55c.-a Yard,

38,150 Yards New Silks at Less Than Mill Cost.

We would like you just to come and permit these Silks to talk for themselves,
Of course it is characteristic of the Silk Store to sell the new and desirable silks just in the nick of wear time at low
sale of such magnitude at such a price is a little unusual, even here. Swift selling Silks, every yard guaranteed.
5,590 yards of fancy Silks, value 79c. to $1.00,
2,760 yards of 27 inch black Taffeta, value 85c.,

All at

55c

a yard.

value 79c.,

1200 yards

  

    

yard.

 
     
    

       
 
   
 

.. 6c, to 25c. a yard

     
    
      
       
  

32c. Mocha and Java Coffee. ...........+08. Sensecees 27c, a pound ate '
Men’s 50c Balbriggan Underwear..... Sea e ect e Cea een TONE 29c silver, onyx and gold
eis see aul ne measure Suseas aa ReeRRVICaCe Tne Toe beet

WGOMUNENMMedIFAtS sci ia issecetssecaesenset ices eke Pee ie
Women’s $15.00 covert Jackets. .. faseeserikeiiesniiT MOOS Twill Silk Umbrell
APs te SLOO SilKBathrctscckliciteccetcecesedsabesnces Se. a yard handsomely chased.

     
 
 

Twill silk Umbrellas,
of shapes and designs

     

It’s items like these that

$10.00 Japan and China Seamless Mat-
tings, $7.50.

A roll of 40 yards: some 25 patterns.

The Rugs,

Special attention is directed to the
beautiful Smith, Sanford and Bige-
low Axminster Rugs, the designs
and colorings of which have been
so perfectly copied that at first
glance it is hard to detect the differ-
ence, There are the bold and
brilliant copies of the Oriental, the
soft toned, delicate copies of the
French Aubusson Rugs, and ex-
quisite plain, colored centers, with
floral borders; it is a beautiful ex-
hibition, well worth coming to see.

18x36 inches, $1.50, °
27x62 inches, $2.75.

An Easter

And we

so much attention.

who wish them. T!
19

Suits, with the best t

known manufacturer
Of

exclusiveness.

   

mouthful at a time, like youn igs and
other suckling land mammals So” ¥

“But Nature has built these whales on a
different plan. The whale mother is put
together s0 that she can give her cub its
meal all at one jab, so to speak: although
nothing less than a gallon of milk will even
begin to ease up on a whale cub’s appetite.
The teat of the female whale is a eguiar
foroe pump. When the young whale. 5 -
ing along at its mother’s side through the
water, gives notice that it is hungry, and
seizes the lacteal fount, the mother sets the
force pump in motion, and the whole supply
of m k needed by the cub is shot into it,
the cub’s throat and stomach being cut and
fitted to this style of getting dinner.

“One time we milked a monster of a she
whale as she lay asleep off the Japan coast,
and we got nearly two barrels of milk.
Her two cubs were playing around all the
while we were Song it. The whale was
sound alseep yet when we got through,
and she was so tremendous ig that we
concluded not to harpoon her until she
woke up naturally; for to have her sleep-

and harpoon-mad at the same time
we feared would put more vim in her than
we cared to have her come at us with.

We captured one of her cubs, though,
and took it to the a thinking to make
a pet of it—a mascot, I s'pose they'd call it
nowadays,

“We pit it in a tank of salt water and
went back to see if its mother had goj
through with her nap yet. She had, and
she was madder a blame sight than if we
had woke her up by sinking a harpoon
into her. She was raging over the kid-
napping of her cub, and bore down on us
like a locomotive. We got her, though,
but only after the hardest fight that any
boat’s crew ever had with a whale.

“Seeing that she was doomed, she killed
the other cub with one swoop of her fluke.
That one she was bound shouldn't be of any
Sr to us, and it wasn’t. It was smashed

at.
“And we soon found that we were ina fix
as to the whale cub we had taken aboard.
We had plenty of milk for it, but it couldn't
take it in. We were sorry, because we
couldn't bear to see the poor creature starve
to death in the midst of plenty, which it
surely would have done if Sandy McCosh,
a canny Scotch sailor, hadn't been one of
us.

“Sandy was an old whaler, and he had
learned a lot by experience, among that '
lot being the fact that there was better
and easier ways of cleaning deck of whale

the back-breaking scrubbing with a mop.
Sandy's way was a big tin squirtgun thas

QTRAU

greatest business in Brooklyn have risen here on the founda-
tion of PUBLIC SATISFACTION, with the best service, the best assortments and the
Any attempt to undersell us is always met by naming a lower price.

2,250 yards of 27 inch black Surah, value 90c.,
2,200 yds. of white, gray and cream Taffeta, value 85¢
3,600 yards of Peau de Cygne, all colors, value 79¢,
900 yards of white Peau de Cygne, value 79-,,
2,000 yards of 27 inch black Japanese, value 80c.,
2.700 yds. of 27 in. white Japanese Wash Silk, vslue 75¢

Silk Umbrellas---

Women's $6.50 Umbrellas, $3.62.

ready to wear for Easter, at $25.00.
saying it is entirely unusual?
Some of the pieces are only suit lengths, insuring absolute

 
 
  

 
  

 

a)
| BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENT,

“ene PPP PRALA AMAA
AAA an,

 

   

  

   
    
  

Prices, but a
Here are the items;

     
 
   
 
       
  

   

of black Peau de Cygne, value 79e.,

Main floor, West Hiuliding

A Sale. |

   
  
  
   
    
 

Timely Values.

Women's $3.00 Umbrellas, $152.

26 inch, pure silk Umbrellas, close rolling. cases to match: a wide
variety of fancy handles to select from.

Women's $3.75 Umbrellas, $2.34.

, handles of gold and copper; a‘so Sterling silver,

Women’s $3.00 silk Umbrellas... .........ses-seeeeees se: .. $1.52 Twill silk Umbrellas,
19¢ Scotch Madras writing Paper.......... eteecsees . OC, a pound caps in different styles.
BL00> COMMOIS) BS ioc ric cosssaeteess haba 64) 08 ide Rena aan 5

Women's $4.00 Umbrellas, $2. 61.

Twill Silk Umbrellas, handles of white and smoked ivory, with

and tortoise shell.

Women's $5.50 Umbrellas, $3.18.

as with full length sterling silver handles,

   

» handles of pearl and silver, in a variety of

 
     
 

Main floor, front, Central Bullding.

    

Record Prices,

make the Carpet Store the most

36x72 inches, $3.75.

44x64 feet, $8.50.

6x9 feet, $15.00 and $17.50.

84x10} feet, $19.50 and $21.50.

9xI2 feet, $21.50, $23.50 and $26,50.

_Some other exceptional and de-
Cisive values; a few.of each only:

6x9 feet Spartans, reduced from $18 00
to $11.24, ‘

6x9 feet Smyrnas, reduced from
$10.75 to $8.25.

74x104 feet Spartans, reduced from
$27.50 to $17.24.

8ixl04 feet Royal Wiltons, reduced
from $30.75 to $25.00.

9xi2 feet Tapestry Brussels, reduced
from $18.50 to $14.50.

9x12 feet domestic Orientals, reduced
from $37.50 to $24.50.

9x12 feet seam'ess Chenille, reduced

 

Opportunity for Men.

No talk could adequately describe this sale that has created

Here is a fine collection of imported goods,

the cloths that fashion fancies for Spring—neat, elegant. al:
tractive, with a few designs more striking in effect tor those

$40 Suits to Measure, a

hink of having such materials tailored to

measure into thoroughly up:to-date sack or English walling

trimmings and linings, ordered now and
Can vou tlame us for
Just come and tools at them.

 
     
  

Second floor, rear, Vast Qui ding

 

  
  

  
  

 

held a good anips bucke: full. With tha

full of hot suds
mere in no time.
“Wh

re could squirt things ship-

ile we were bemoaning the fate of

the whale cub,Sandy brought out bis squirt-

un, sucked it full of whale's milk out of the

yarrel—the cub's mother’s milk, it was

too—put its spout in the eub's mouth and

shot a bucketful of milk down into the
creature's paunch in a jiffy

*The cub was saved, and we were relieved
but that barrel or two of milk wasn't going
to last: Jong, and it behooved us to get an-
other supply or the cub would starve to
death, after all—and, belay its ungrdfefu!
natur’! we'd ought to let it starve

“Just before the last squirtgun of milk
was gone we sighted a school of whe les
and three of 'em were big she ones, son
asleep. Here was not only our chaper
for a good supply of milk, but for a whol
cargo of blubber and bone

“Phe whale cub's tank wes close up along
side the gunwrle. We jabbed the la!
squirt of milk we had into the cub and go
ready to send boats out to take the whales
But listen! That ungrateful cub had sighte!
them whales, too, and ax soon aa it bac
engulfed all the milk we had it gave a tre
mendousr flop and went headlong into the
sea! It disappeared for a moment anc
then came up and struck out for that scheo
of whales.

“Before we could get a boat on the war
the cub had joined the school, and we soon
#aW a great commotion among the whales
This lasted but a short time, and then ever’

whale sounded.
|
|

‘
We cruised around there

two days, but never a sight of a whale did

wesee again, Why? That cub had warne

‘em against us, that’s why! Werned ‘em
against - as ue as marlinspikes, ant
they ha ive us the slip

T never wee whales like them that lay-
off the coast of Japan and thereabouts
It won't surprise me a bit, when the truth
gets to be known, if it turns out that them
torpedoes they think has been playine
the deuce with Rooshun war vessels ove
there were nothing else in the world }v
some of them whales that have heen wok
out of their naps by the ships fooling aroun
in there, and with their sleep-mad on ¢")
have just made flerce rushes agains!
craft and knocked 'em full of holes

His Flight Was Lofty
From the Atlanta Constitutior

+" se
“You might state in the obituary,” sald the Mi!
ville chizen to the editor, “that his death we
! caused by the kick of a mule, an’ that hes s*
| heaven.” is ering
“Think he went there, do you t
“Well, teplied the cltlzen, “he shore wand ¢h#

i high!”
' t

from $50 to $35.00.
Third floor, Fast Buliding.