ONE JUDGE COMPLAINS HE CAN'T
INSURE JUSTICE THERE,

Rone's Rough Rider District Attorney
Now in Washington Under Charges
Marshal Convicted nee of Jury
Rixiog, but He Is Stil In Office.

Vaupe4, Alaska, Feb. 25.—In Alaska, as
In other mining regions, the miners are
never very far in advance of the lawyers,
and the lawyers here, as elsewhere on the
frontier, are of every kind and condition.
The Federal Judges are the real governors
of this Territory, itself nearly as large as
all of that part of the United States lying

East of the Mississippi River. Litigation
springs up everywhere, and the lawyers are
there toattend to the needs of clients,

fhe Federal Judges in Alaska are not
only trial Judges, but they perform a multi-
tude of other duties of a semi-official or
quasi-judicial nature, and they are by far
the most important officials of the Govern-
ment in the territory.

The central district, of which Valdez
jis the principal town south of the Yukon
River, bas been free from judicial scandals

for a long time, but that is not so in the
district which includes the northern and
northwestern part of the territory of which
Nome is the metropolis. There the com-
munity has been beset by court scandals
ever since the organization of the district
nearly four years ago.

There have been three Judges at Nome
in a little less than four years. The first,
Judge Noyes, was dismissed after a trial
for contempt before the Circuit Court of
Appeals at San Francisco. The second
was Judge Wickersham, but he was trans-
ferred to Nome only temporarily, and re-
turned here soon after the appointment of
dudge Noyes'’s successor. The third and
present Judge at Nome, Judge Moore of
Pennsylvania, is regarded as an upright
officer, but he is beset by venal subor-
dinates and a clique of disreputable lawyers.
Two of the principal court officers, the dis-
trict attorney and the marshal, have been
under charges from time to time ever since
their appointment.

The District Attorney at Nome is Col.
Melvin Grigsby of South Dakota, the man
who organized the regiment of Rough
Riders in 1898 which wanted to go to Cuba,
dut had to stand aside to make way for the
Rough Riders of Roosevelt and Wood.
News has reached Valdez that Col. Grigsby's
dismirsal has been recommended by the
Attorney-General, and that the President
may act faverably on the recommendation.

To the people of Alaska Col. Grigsby is
an interesting character, simply as one
Rough Rider appointed to his present office
by another Rough Rider who happens to
be President of the United States. Col.
Grigsby may be a soldier, but his enemies
at Nome say he is no lawyer. He is nomi-
nally District Attorney, but he has been con-
tinuously under charges, either of bribery
or insubordination, almost ever ‘since ne
landed in Nome early in the summer of
1902. The consequence is that he has spent
enly about six months at his pogt,

, The rest of the.time Col. Grigaby -nas-

been in Washington to answer charges.
In the mean time his son, a young man who
never studied law, so far, as anybody
knows, is acting as District Attorney in the
Colonel’s place. Young Grigsby, in his
fack of knowledge of law, is something
va former Populist Governor of Kansas,

y, who came to Valdez several years
Pes Ae has been Prosecuting Attorney

. One day he was examining a witness.

*Well, what did the man say then?”

"He didn’t say anything,” replied the
@itness.

*Well, what did he think about the
Batter?” persisted the ex-Governor.

*I don’t know what he thought.*

*You don’t seem to know much,” snapped
feedy. “What do you think he thought?”

The most bitter complaints are made

ainst the court at Nome, although every-

y excepts the Judge himself from any
éharge of wrongdoing. Frank Richards,
the United States marshal, was appointed
from the State of Washington and has been
under charges several times. He was
convicted of contempt of court and jury
fixing during his term of office, but, the
Department of Justice decided thas the
recorded evidence did not justify the ver-
dict and Richards was allowed to remain.
Hung juries and_ verdicta notoriously
at variance with the evidence have been
frequent and law ADERDE perecrs in the
community have complained to the Presi-
dent that trial by jury is a farce in north-
western Alaska.

The stormiest times at Nome were in
the few months during which Judge Wick-
ersham held court there after the dismissal
of Judge Noyes. Wickersham is a man of
decided opinions, Oey fearless, witha
tremendous will. He read the riot act to
the shyster lawyers and venal hangers-
on around the court, and undertook to secure
an honest trial of causes. Before he had

roceeded far with this laudable under-

aking he reached the case of Postmaster
Wright, who was on trial for the embezzle-
ment of post office funds.

Then the trouble began. The mars
Was notoriously a friend of Wright, and it
was noised about the saloons

@awn. When the case was called the
Court room was crowded and Judge Wick-
ersham observed that many of the pereons
in the crowd were notoriously partisans
of Wright. The jury box was not com-

peley filled and an open venire was re-
sorted to, The Judge took the precau-
tion, however, to direct the mars not

to select the jurors from persons in the room
but to go out into the town for them. He
also commanded him not to go to Joe Jour-
dan's saloon to get his jurors. Then the
crowd filed out of the court room,

Half an hour later, when the court re-
convened, the jurors drawn by open venire
proved to be notorious partisans of Wright
and among those who had been in the court
room crowd not long before. The jury
refused to convict Wright, although there
was an overwhelming volume of testi-
mony againet him, and the Judge pro-
ceeded against Marshal Richards for con-
tempt of court in that he had disobeyed
the Judge's instructions and had “fixed”
the jury. The marshal was found guilty,
but was not dismissed.

While the proceedings on account of
Which the marshal was adjud in con-
‘mpt were going on two we

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 

Water Craft and Fittings is now being
made on the Sth floor,
the Speedway. Auto Boat, capable of a
speed of 25 miles an hour.

Notion Specials. -1+ rn.

NEW YORK; SUNDAY, M

 

 

 

 

 

Balcony, 34th St.

Under the supervision of a li-
censed optician, who will ex-
amine your eyes and prescribe
for you free of charge, or exe-
cute your ocullst's prescription
for at least one-third less than
the charges made elsewhere
for similar services. .

B'way at th to
6th Ave. S5th St.

Our 1904 Display of

-Included is

Optical Goods.

 

Wash Dress Goods

WOVEN CORDED MADRAS, 32 inches wide, used largely by
shirt makers; shown in 150 distinct combinations; we do not
know that it has ever before retailed for less than 15c. a yard;
Spécial at.. wscsccecece es Vesesee orp eethecsieses OC
‘ Basement.
ORGANDIE, excellent for Summer gowns; new design, including
large floral effects, on white and tinted grounds; special, a yard Lic
Basement.
MERCERIZED STRIPE SUITING, a beautiful fabric, with highly
mercerized bars, blocks and checks on white grounds, 32 inches
wide, especially desirable for shirt waists and entire dresses ;
every yard is soap scoured to prove color endurance; made to
sell at 25c. a yard; special at...... Fe bee vasete dee
Basement.
IRISH DIMITY, best quality, our own importation from Belfast ; the
showing includes a wide range of neat figures, flowers and dots on
white and tinted grounds; also all the solid colors; others ask 25c.
a yard; our price......... Satiniveties +22 19C
Main Floor.
SILK DOTTED MULLS, in pink, pale blue, heliotrope, champagne,
tan, navy, cadet, gray,- corn, Nile and black; our regular 24c. and
29c. grades; special at...,.....0+0... areleleveaiere'e

Basement.

MERCERIZED COTTON TAFFETA, genuine English material, our

own importation, in three sizes of black and white shepherd checks;

distinctly superior 'to the 29c. and 35c. grades elsewhere; our price.24¢
ist Fi.

Black and Colored Dress Goods
All Wool Voile at 49c.-«n.

In black, cream, silver, and dove gray, champagne, castor, tan,
heliotrope, Havana, cinnamon, and golden brown, royal marine
and navy blue 44 in. wide. This Voile is woven expressly for us and
merits its reputation as the best Voile value offered in the city.

English Mohair Brilliantine.

Enough of this lustrous jet black Brilliantine left for a day's
selling. It is 44 inches wide, our own importation from one of
Biadtford’s be:t mills; regularly sold at 85c. a yard; our price, 58¢.

French Dress Goods.

Every thread wool, Included are Voiles, Twine Cloths, Etamines and
Canvas Voiles, in ivory, cream, champagne, tan, castor, navy blue,
reseda, pale blue, brown and cadet; imported to sell up to $1.98 a yard; °
our price, 79c,

Silks--Black and Colored.-« ».

BLACK SATIN FOULARD LOUISINE and TAFFETA
with soft Messaline finish, 24 SILKS, iridescent hair line and
inchés wide; sold elsewhere check patterns, full range of

at $1.00. a.yard; colorings; much wanted. co
Special at ......0..06 59° for shirt waist suitS%:..-4

IMPORTED BLACK. TAF- FIGURED CREPE de
‘FETA, lustrous finish,” ‘214 CHINE, one of the season’s
inches We ane elsewhere ope in ays mats royal,
at 80c. a yard; special gobelin, purple an ‘

Asahi t aiseiiestie 64° lavender grounds... . $] 12

TOILET PINS, good quality,
English make, 400 assorted
sizes on a sheet; sold elsewhere
at 5c. a sheet; special at 2c.;
dozen shests...........2ile
HAT PINS, crystal and pearl,
white and colors, very fine cut;
long stems, sharp points; sold
elsewhere at 15c.; special,each.. .8c
WHITE COTTON TAPE, fine
quality, \4-inch width, in 3-yard
rolls; sold elsewhere at 15c. a
dozen rolls; special, dozen..... 5c
BATTENBERG BRAID, fine
quality, 36 yards in a piece, all
widths; sold elsewhere at 25c. a
piece; special at............. 12c
BLACK SEWING SILK, good
quality, 50-yard spools; sold else-
where at 30c. a dozen; special at 17c

Filled with gray down and
guaranteed free from dust and
odor :

20 x 20 inches, .39¢

22 x 22 inches. 49¢

24 x 24 inches. .69¢

26 x 26 inches..79¢
Orders taken for stamping and
embroidering in all branches.
Lessons given by competent
teachers,

Stamped Lunch Cloths,
8d FL

Pure linen, stamped in a vari-
ety of floral and conventional
designs, with double hem-
stitched borders; sizes} 45x45

MI ION SHELL HAIR PINS, ;
eee quality, straight or and 54x54 inches, — special
crimped; pe Wa Tyee Bleicele cs ve we rerelae --97c
dozen; value Ic. ; :
paged bhi teal obese aed 15 The Ideal Book For

an Easter Gift.-3"'

“The Light of the World,” a
pictorial description of the Life
of Christ; large quarto size,
handsomely bound in cloth; con-
tains nearly 100 full-page en-
gravings, copies of the world's
painting masterpieces. Published
to sell at $3.50: ‘

Our Price 6lc.

Linings---Low Priced.

Percaline, highly mercerized,
in black only; regular price,
19c. a yard; special at... 12c
Mercerized Sateen, very fine qual-
ity, in black oot excellent for
drop skirts, coat linings and shirt
waists; regular price, 30c. a yard;
special at..........seccveeen 18c

National Biscuit Co.’s Crackers.

Regular 10c. In-er-seal Cartons,-—itn ri.
Butter and Water Thins, Grahams and Social Teas, Lady Fingers
and Saltines, sold regularly by others at 10c, a carton; our ‘price
for this sale:
Package of six Cartons Package of twelve Car-
so ae : 41¢| tons for.. Sain etek 81°
Curio Chop Tea—Ceylon, Mixed, Young Hyson, Japan, For-
P mosa, Oolong, and English ‘a iyieli
4 lb. carton, regular price, 34c. ; for this sale the price is 28c,
5 lb, caddy, regular price, $1.59; for this sale $1.28,
10 lb. caddy, regular price, $3.02; for this sale $2.52.
Vienna Brand cure te ay Mayflower Chop Tea, Oolong
full-flavored—a splehdid break- : :
fast Coffee—one pound carton, and res sold only in $wo
regular price, 19¢.; for this pound packages, regular price
64c. a package; special at 49c.

Sale, 15c-
* Farina, Barley, Pearl Tapioca,

eevee eeeeeege

Macy’s Down Pillows,

 

torneys, not identified with the marshal’s
ning, were standing in the rear of the court
room. Said one to the other
I'll bet you a cigar I can name one of

the jurors that Richards will bring in from
the outside.”

“T'll take you,” said the other lawyer.

The first lawyer won his bet and three
Others like it, naming, in all, four jurors
brought in by the marshal, The jurors all
came from Joe Jourden's saloon, where the
crowd had gone from the court room.
Judge Moore, the present incumbent at
Nome, is having a hard time. He
complained bitterly to the Department of
Justice about the conditions with which
the court is surrounded. He declares that
Uury fixing is repeatedly practised, and
ihe under present conditions me is unable

Cuarantee that justice ways

ne the trial of causes in that vert of
sa,

 

 

 

 

Lily White Flour; 24-lb. bag
for 72c.; half barrel for $3.18;
whole barrel for $5.78.

Rolled Oats, Lily White brand,
2-Ib. cartons, 9¢.; dozen, $1.02.

Sago, pound cartons, 5c.;
dozen, 54c.; best Granulated
Hominy, five pounds, in cotton
bags, 11¢.

Easter Readiness in the Candy Section.—sasement.

For that matter, everywhere over the store, but the basement is more
effectively interesting from a juvenile standpoint, because of its com-
binations of sugary sweetness with the fun of odd chicks, multi-

colored eggs of every size and grotesque bunnies.

But the little folks

must look, and here's a special to bring them a-seeing :
Decorated Eggs, put up in boxes, made of pure sweet chocolate, regularly
15c. each.

Worth 20¢,, Af. ..sseseeceveeeee nas teeere

— ee

 

 

 

 

-R. H. Macy & Co.’s Attractions Are Their Low Prices. © [=>

CY

B’way at 6th Av.

34th to asth St

We Announce for Tuesday and Wednesday
March 22d and 23d,

Our Initial Showing of
SPRING and SUMMER /MILLINERY,

+

 

Watch Repairing.

Ist FL, 34th St,, between Kleva-
tors.

Our Watch Repairing Depart-
ment Is Worgughly organized.
All work Is done by the moat
careful and skilful people, and
the fact Is fully proven that our

Puce are a

ess than others charge, Noth-
ing {s too fine and delicate for our
corps of experienced workmen.

promptly return exact change.

Women’s “Veiling’’ Hosiery.

Fresh From Abroad.-« 1.
It is the most delicately woven}Gauze Lisle Hosiery ever brought into

this country, being much lighter in weight than the so-called “Cob _

Web” Lisle.
It is our own importation and cannot be purchased elsewhere in the
city. We show it in black, with black Jacquard figures and stripes

We supply our drivers with
change money and will thank our
patrons to report any failure to

showing newest Parisian Model Hats from Mangin, Maurice, Dravert,
Maison Lewis, Germaine, Louise Pujol and Georgette, in addition to
our own original designs and copies. Trimming favoritism finds ex-
pression in small flowers arranged in dainty effects—lilies of the
valley, June roses and buds, forget-me-nots, hyacinths, violets and
such blossoms as apple, cherry, strawberry, peach, hawthorn and May.
Wild flowers shown include daisies, bluets, poppies, clover and but.
tercups, in company with cultivated roses, lilacs, wistaria, orchids,
gardenias, camellias, pansies, sweet peas, hydrangeas, geraniums
and chrysanthemums. Black flowers, fruits, berries, foliage and ferns
are shown in complete variety; also ostrich plumes, bunch tips, pom-
pons, aigrettes in black and the newest shades; all the newest ideas
in fancy feathers, pompons, quills, wings and breasts; and the new
ornaments in gilt, gilt-and-steel, jet and rhinestone.

An Attractive Group of New Spring Model
Street, Afternoon and Evening

Costumes and Coats.

Included are Imported Models as well as examples of the work
of our own modistes. Careful workmanship and faultless fitting
are characteristics of our productions, second only to the unquestioned
advantages of Macy prices.

1904 Ideas in
Feather Boas
and Spring Colorings and Designs in
Ribbon Novelties,

Easter Fashions

in

Women’s Neckwear

include charming new stocks, collarettes,’ yokes, sleeves and hand-made
collar and cuff sets; and a choice selection of tailor-made and
“mannish’’ Neckwear suitable for gofing, riding and walking.

Women’s Jackets.-u*

Tan Covert Cloth, 22 inches long, fly-front style, notched collar and
revers, fitting snug to the figure; graduated plait from shoulder to
wailgt line; lined with self-colored satin. . $14.96
Black Broadcloth, collarless style, narrow plaits, full, faricy Bisho

Sleeves, neck and cuffs trimmed with taffeta and soutache braid,
handsome crocheted buttons, lined with black taffeta....$22.74

tere esrege eee

Women’s Suits.-«"

Blouse Suits, blue, black and champagne voile, trimmed witb flat
braid and crushed taffeta girdle; plaited sleeves with flare cufts
trimmed with braid and lingerie lace frill; high kilt skirt made over
taffeta drop; regular sizes and also sizes for Misses 14, 16 and 18
years old ; Suitable for petite women; sold elsewhere at $40.00;
OUP PTICE.. sc cece cece cs rece ceresecccencescsvess se 1e $29,96

Light-weight Black Cheviot, smart Eton coat trimmed with wide
Straps forming wide shoulder effect, fitted girdle and finished with
braid and buttons; unlined gore flare skirts, strapped seams and
lined with taffeta, sold by others at $26.00; our price.... -- $19.96

Women’s Dress Skirts.-«».

Black Voile, two styles, trimmed with taffeta Straps, made over
taffeta drop ; sold by others at $20.00; our price.........$14,74

Muslin Underwear. -:«.

Walking Skirts.

Cambric, trimmed with cam-
bric ruffle, tucks and lace edg-
ing, finished with dust ruffle, 49¢

Cambric, trimmed with deep lawn
ruffle, three rows lace meer '
narrow’ lawn ruffle with lace {edg-
ing, finished with dust ruffle, .6

Cambric, deep lawn ruffle, trim-
med with four large hemstitched
tucks and hemstitchedjhem, finished
with dust ruffle............. 7c

Cambric, trimmed with three lawn
ruffles, Valenciennes lace edging,
finished with dust ruffle. “Oe

Corset Covers,
Nainsook, French style, square
neck back and front, trimmed
with hemstitched tucks, five
rows lace inserting, beading,
ribbon and lace edging.. .89c.
Nainsook, French style, low neck,
trimmed with two rows wide lace
inserting, beading, ribbon and lace
CURING iiss oes eer han ec races 49c
Nainsook, French style, low neck,
trimmed with three rows wide
lace inserting, beading, ribbon and
lace edging 59c
Nainsook, French style, trimmed
with three rows of fine lace in-
serting, three rows of beading we

Gowns, ribbon, lace edging ..........
Muslin, V-shaped: neck, trim- Drawers.
med with tucks and four ee Cambric, trimmed with" tucks
embroidery inserting, beading, and embroidery ruffle..... 29c
with ribbon~ and lace edg- Muslin, trimmed with tucks and
IMB isis cence pesenecteneee es 39c embroidery ruffle.... ...... ..89c
Nainsook, V-shaped neck, trim- Cambric, umbrella-shaped, lawn

ruffle, trimmed with tucks, em-
broidery inserting and embroidery
TUGI a ices crersbuadetetaa ts 49c

med with six rows Valenciennes

lace
ing

-Our Depositors’ Account System

Balcony, 34th st.

Means Economies Unlimitéd. |

Prices must shoulder the burden of a Credit system wherever such
an expensive piece of store machinery exists.
Macy's CASH prices, historically low, prove it.
But the conveniences of a credit system, you say!

‘We Embody Every Credit Convenience in
Our Depositors’ Account Department.

You can deposit?as much or as ‘littleas you please and have your
purchases charged to your accouft and a monthly statement ren-
dered. On ALL EXPENDITURES you enjoy the benefits of
lowest cash prices, andon the UNEXPENDED SUM ON DE-
POSIT you are$ allowed 4 percent. interest, compounded every
three months.

’

 

importing a large quantity are we enabled to quote this price.

98c. a pair,

Women's Oxfords. i‘.

Of black Russia Calfskin,
welted soles, military heels, me-
dium-weight walking style[$4.47

Of Vici Kidskin, patent leather
tips, turn soles, medium Opera
toe, Cuban heels........... $3.99

Of Kidskin, patent leather tips,
light turn soles, high Cuban heels,
narrow toe last............. $2.99
Of Dull-finished Mate Kidskin,
self-tips, turn soles, military
Heels vacmiteavecteewehrine $2.9
Of Vici Kidskin, self-tips, high
Cuban heels, welted soles, medium-
weight walking style.........$2.99
Of Patent Calfskin, dull kid quar-
ters, the popular short vamp, high
Louis XV. heels, turn soles..$2.99
Of Patent Calfskin, kid quar-
ters, 114-inch Louis XV. heels,
tiirn! Soles airs sc sincanes $2.99
Of Vici Kidskin, patent leather
tips, 14-inch Louis XV. heels,
CHIH SOIR secu he sautes $2.99
Of the new Champagne Col-
ored Kidskin, popular short
vamp, Louis XV. heels, turn
SOLES Gs his Saaaaacm ae $3.49

=

Cotton Waists,

Cotton Bedford Cloth, biack
and colored designs on light
grounds, front trimmed with
side plaits; strap-plaited back,
full sleeves.......2-.+-..49C

Sheer White Lawn, some trimmed
with cluster tucks and embroid-
oy inserting; others have bertha
effect and lace inserting... ...

Union Linen, front trimmed with
hand-drawn work and side p' iy
pl vback, full sleeves .. $3.39
Fin ite” Swiss, trimmed with
several rows of Valenciennes lacé
down ‘front, with graduated sidé-
plaits; back trimmed: with fine
tucks; fancy collar and cuffs.$1.59
Persian Lawn, entire front trimmed
with fine Open-work embroidery,
inserting and tucks; very full
plaited sleeves, collar’ and cuffs
of faggot-stitching $1.79

Silk Waists,

Princess Crepe, delicate, soft
tints; shirred yoke back and
front, full shirred sleeves with
lace iftserting, cuffs and col-
[atari ss ke SOTO

Peau de Cygne, trimmed with
French knots and straps formin
yore finished with silk-cove

UtCONS iia tes tanteiee $4.96
Crepe de Chine, shoulder yoke
formed of tucks and hemstitching
with several rows of shirring be-
low; plaited back, shirred sleeves;
fancy collar and cuffs....... $4.96

fore eeee

From Our

running the entire length; soles, heels and toes. are spliced. Only by

Handkerchiefs
Belfast

A late shipment includes a
large quantity of All Linen
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs,
from which two specials are
chosen :—

For Women: !3 and '{ inch hems;

COON re riiy hati sreinan 8c
For Men: 14 and 14 inch hems;
CRON gin ec euaanneeniat cas 16¢

“Lady Washington”

Gloves, 98c. -1s F.
Real French Kid Glace Gloves—
the best sold in this markat at the
price; made in tan, red, beaver,
slate, black and white; two-clasp,
round corners, Brosser embroidery.
The low price, 98c. a pair, makes
the “Lady Washington” Glove

unique.

Corsets.- ri.
Six hundred pair, especially made
for us, of coutille, straight front, dip
hips, garter attachments, sizes 19
to 30 inches; quality sold by others
at $1.25; our price...........69¢

Waists, -« 7.
Lingerie Walsts.

Such dainty fabrics as mulls,
organdies, handkerchiet linens,
Jawns and batistes, with a wealth
of . equally dainty , trimmings,
are used effectively in making
these new spring models.

They are a French idea—but
much prettier and more elabo-
rate this season than when first
brought out. The prices:

. cWgies made of Sheer Persian Lawn,

ge embroidered motifs, dace!
inserting, hemstitching and, fine
tucking, at $3.96
Of Sheer Persian Lawn, fronts of
hand-drawn work and fine tucking,
MOTE RT Tihs ee taces oh cot | Oeeme
Of India ‘Linon, yoke of ‘hand-
drawn work, Renaissance design;
small box plaits below yoke, hand-
stitching, at. .............66. $5.89

Others $6.67 to $22.89.

Of fine handkerchief Linen,
hand embroidered.

Of Linen, with medcllions of lace
and hand work.

Of Mull, with Valenciennes lace in-
sertings and medallions of heavy
lace.

Of Cream Batiste, with lace .in-
sertings.

Of Persian Lawn, with deep. yoke
of hand-drawn work and large em-
broidered medallions.

Of Silk Mull, with Point d'Esprit
insertions and medallions of heavy
lace forming yoke.

Factory.
—iet Fil.

Men’s Underwear...

Genuine French Balbriggan Shirts and Drawers, in fine Egyptian yarn, °

made to our’order in Troyes, France.
Shirts, 49c.,

with long and short sleeves,
French necks and with pearl der tapes, strap backs, double- :
buttons; thoroughly well made stitched bands; regular sizes and
in every particular. “shorts” and “stouts.”” ‘

Men's French White Lisle Shirts and Drawers, made of an excellent
quality of yarn; shirts} have short sleeves; drawers to match,
are made with double gussets and ~extension straps; 98c

each
Red uced. —3¢ a :

Drawers, 49c.,
to match, double seats, suspen-

Carpets Specially

Here is a liberal lowering of prices on thé broadest and finest line of

Carpets we have ever shown, to bring them into equal prominence
with the Oriental Rug Sale. In the majority of instances they repre-
sent first choice from the best Carpet mills in America.

Tapestry Brussels at 69c.

Double Extra Quality Tapestry Brussels Carpsts, including
Smith’s Best and Higgins’ 10-wire grades; regularly 85c. a yard,

special at 69c.
Axminsters at 89c.

Axminster Carpets from Alexander Smith & Sons and the Hart-
ford Mills, beautiful’ designs and colorings; regularly $1.24 and
$1.35 a yard, special at 89c.

Body Brussels, 89c, and 98c.

Five-frame Body Brussels, best quality, from the Bigelow, Lowell,
Hartford and Whittall Mills, fifty patterns; decidedly? the bes
offering in a long while; regularly $1.50 amd $1.65 a yard, special
at 89c. and 98c.

Wilton Velvets at $1.24.
Extra quality Wilton Velvet Carpets, second only to Royal

Wiltons;, splendid assortment of designs and colors suitable for all
rooms, halls and stairs; regularly $1.65 a yard, special at $1.24.

Lace Curtains.-sn Window Shades. —: rn.

Ruffled Swiss Cottage Cur-
tains, good quality muslin,
extra well-finished:—70c. to
$2.50 qualities at 49 to
£1.98 a pair.

Colored Organdie Ruffled Cott
Curtains, new spring styles:—$1.50

* ato $2.00 qualities at $1.18 to $1.48

& pair.

 

 

Water Color OE all
popular tints, fancy tassel
fringe; sold by others at 40¢.

to $5c.; our prices 24c. and 32c _

Lonsdale Holland, without fringe,
sold by others at 75c.;. our. price,
48c.; with fancy fringe, sold by
others at 85c.; our price. ....60¢

weet ee

 

  

 

 

 

pend ns: Sor» ARTA BMOE

AES VERY.