eee

ee ee eee

=

= ae

eaatemanetietisceenemmabenaieeasinmsionetinznens spameanearenenananentntememnattemdaadine ieee ennui once teint hela ee ee oak eee ee
~ = Sty Py OS - ate ies e

.

SOME NEW BOOKS.
Sir Horace Plunkett's Book on Ireland.
Well known to all of us are the services
rendered to Ireland by Danie} O'Connell,
as are also those which Charles Stewart
Parnell strove to render, and those by which

Mr William O'Brien and Mr. T. W. Russell,

the one a Unionist and the other a National-
ist, have, to a large extent, brought about
the creation of a peasant proprietary. It
is high time, however,.that attention should
be directed to the work of another kind—
to wit, improvement in the methods and
output of agriculture—accomplished in a
different field by Sir Horace PLUNKETT,
whose book, entitled ‘reland in the New
*Century, has just been published by E. P.
Dutton & Co. Those who have watched
the course of events in Ireland during the
last dozen years cannot have failed to notice
the advent of an entirely new spirit, clearly
based upon constructive rather than upon
destructive thought, and expressing itself
in a wide range of fresh, practical activities.
The movement for the organization of agri-
culture and rural credit on cotperative
lines, the effort to revive old or initiate new
industries, and, lastly, the establishment
of a Government Department for the pur-
pose of fostering all that is healthy in the
voluntary endeavor of the Irish people to
build up the economic side of their life, are
obviously Incidents interesting in them-
selves. When taken together, and in con-
junction with the contemporary literary
and artistic movements, and when viewed
in their relations to history, politics, re-
ligion, education and other past or present
influences operating upon the Irish mind
and character, such phenomena are indis-
putably worthy of thoughtful consideration
by all who desire the well being of the Irish
people. It is precisely these phenomena
that constitute the subject of the book before
us. Nor will it be denied by any onecon-
vereant with the history of Ireland during
the last decade that Sir Horace Plunkett is
peculiarly qualified for the exposition
which he has here essayed, for it may with
truth be said of him that he has been a large
part of that which he describes.
L.

Before proceeding to that part of the vol-
ume in which its specific theme is dealt with,
we should glance at a preliminary chapter
in which the author points out three kinds
of misunderstanding which have obstructed
the progress of Ireland. What Sir Horace
Plunkett has in view is, first, the misun-
derstanding of Irishmen by Englishmen;
secondly, the misunderstanding of Eng-
lishmen by Irishmen; and, thirdly, the mis-
understanding of the Irish nature by Irish-
men themselves. The author of this book
would be one of the last men to deny that
tho English mind has never understood
the Irish mind—least of all during the
period of the “union of hearts.” He con-
cedes it to be equally true that the Irish’
have largely misunderstood both the Eng-
lish character and their own responsi-
bilities. There is, on the other hand, no
doubt that at the present hour a better
feeling toward Ireland prevails in Great
Britain, and that the Irish people are ap-
preciative of the obviously sincere desire of
England to treat them generously. The
new optimism exhibited in the English view
of Ireland seems to be based on a belief
that the spirit of moderation and concilia-
tion displayed by 80 many Irishmen in con-
nection with the last Land Act is due to the
fact that they, under the impulse of a sud-
den emotion, have put away childish things
and learned to behave like grown-up Eng-
lishmen. Sir Horace Plunkett's explana-
tion of the change in Irish sentiment is leas
dramatic than the traneformation theory,
but it affords more solid ground for optim-
ism. He attributes the change in the feel-
ing of Irishmen toward England, not to any
sudden emotion on the part of the incom-
prehensible Celt, but to the opinion, rapidly
growing during the last dozen years—that,
great as may have been the responsibility
of England for the state of Ireland, still
greater is the responsibility of Irishmen
themselves. The conviction has been more
and more borne in upon the Irish mind that
the most important part of the work of
regenerating Ireland must necessarily be
done by Irishmen in Ireland. The result
has been that many Irishmen, both Union-
ists and Nationalists, without in any way
abandoning their opposition to or support
of the attempt to solve the political prob-
lem from without, have been trying—not
without success—to solve some parts of the
Irish question from within, The first
great fruit of this movement was the report
of the so-called Recess Committee, which
was organized in 1895 for the purpose of
putting Irishmen in the way of self-help,
and to which a chapter of this volume is
allotted; a further fruit of the movement,
oud not the result of an inexplicable trans-
formation scene, was the Dunraven Treaty,
which paved the way for Mr. Wyndham's
Land Act,

Our author recognizes, however, that
while Ireland is undoubtedly becoming
more and more practical, and although
England is becoming more anxious than
ever to do her sister isle substantial justice,
the manner of the doing will continue to be
@é important as the thing which is done.
Of the Irish qualities none is stronger than
the craving to be understood. Had the
English only known this secret, they would
have found the Irish the most easily gov-
erned people in the world. It is charac-
teristic of an Irishman’s manner of con-
ducting important affairs that he cares too
little about the substance and too much
about the shadow. It is for this reason that
Sir Horace Plunkett prefaces a review of the
work in which he has been a pioneer with
some reference to the cause and nature of
the anti-English sentiment, for the long
continuance of which he can find no other
explanation than the failure of the English
to see into the Irish mind. Years spent in

. the United States have made the author

familiar with this sentiment in its full and
true significance; for here it can be studied
in an atmosphere not dominated by any
pregent Irish controversy. He found the
sentiment of hatred deeply rooted in the
minds of Irishmen who themselves had
never known Ireland; who had no conneo-
tion, other than a sentimental one, with
that country; who were living quiet busi-
ness lives in the United States; but who
were ever ready to testify with their dollars,
and honestly believed that they only lacked
opportunity to demonstrate in a more en-
terprising way, their “undying hatred of
the English name.” From a footnote we
learn that Sir Horace’s experience con-
firms Mr. Lecky's view of the chief cause of
the rancor with which Englishmen are re-
garded by many Irishmen. ‘It is prob-
able," wrote Lecky in the second volume
of his “Leaders of Public Opinion in Ire-
land,” that “the true source of the savage
hatred of England that animates great
bodies of Irishmen on either side.of the
Atlantic has very little real connection with
the penal laws, or the rebellion, or the
Union. It is far more due to the great
clearances and vast unaided migrations
that followed the famine.”

Our author says that he has reasoned
with Irishmen in the United States, and
sometimes not in vain, upon the injus-
tice and unreaeonablenese of their attitude.
He has not attempted to oontrovert the
main facts of Lreland's grievances, which,

  

1 kett is convinced, however, that “each of

@s they frequently avowed, they had |

gleaned, not from family tradition, but

from the pages of Froude and Lecky, He

used to deprecate, he says, the unqualified ,

| application of modern standards to the
policies of other days, and to protest against ,

' the injustice of punishing one set of persons
for the misdoings of another set of persons
who have long since passed beyond the
reach of any earthly tribunal. He would |
set forth his reasons for believing that,
even if such a course were morally admis-
sible, the wit of man could not devise any
means of inflicting a blow upon England
which would not react injuriously with ten-
fold force upon Ireland. He would go on
to show that the sentiment iteelf, largely
the accidental outcome of untoward cir- |
cumstances, is alien to the character and
temperament of the Irish people. In short,
he has urged that the policy of revenge |s |
un-Christign and unintelligent; and that, |
as the Irish people are neither irreligious |
nor stupid, it is un-Irish. He remembers,
he says, taking up this position in con-
versation with some very advanced Irish |
people in the Far Weet, and the reply which
one of them made, “Well,” said the half- |
persuaded friend, “mebbe you're right. ;
I have two sons, whom IJ have raised in the |
expectation that they will one day strike
a blow for old Ireland. Mebbe they won't.
I'm too old to change.”

One reason why this sentiment is not al-
lowed to die should always be remembered
by those who wish to grasp the inner work- ;
ings of the Irish mind. The view prevails |
in Ireland that in dealing with ache
affecting the material well-being of that
country the government of it by the Eng- |
lish was, in the past, characterized by an
unenlightened self-interest. Well informed |
and thoughtful Englishmen admit that
there is foundation for the charge, but they
say that the past referred to is beyond
living memory, and should now be buried.
The Irish mind replies that the life of a,
nation is not to be measured by the life of
individuals, and that a wrong inflicted by
a governinent upon a community entitles
those who inherit the consequences of the
injury to claim reparation at the hands of |
thoso who inherit the government. Not |
only is Sir Horace Plunkett himself heartily |
in sympathy with this attitude, but he says |
that every Englishman he knows who un-
derstands the situation is equally so. He
takes occasion in the book before us to show
that in no small measure practical recogni-
tion has been given by England to the
righteousness of this part of the Lrish case; |
and if the effect thus produced has not
received as much appreciation on the part
of Irishmen as might have been expected,
the Irish people have at any rate responded
to the new treatment in a manner which
must in no distant future bring about a
better understanding:

Our author, for his own part, is convinced
that the long continued misunderstanding
by Englishmen of the conditions and needs
of Ireland, the withholding for so long of
necessary concessions, was due not to
heartlessness or contempt so much as toa
lack of imagination, a defect for which the
English cannot be blamed. It is their mis-
fortune, not their fault. The English had,
so to speak, “standardized” their qualities,
until it had become extremely difficult to
got out of their minds the belief that a
divergence, in another race, from their |
standard of character was synonymous
with inferiority. To those 0? his British
readers who honestly desire to understand
the Irish question, the author of this book
would say, let them eschew the sweeping

generalizations by which Irish intelligence '
is commonly outraged. He passes by the |
explunation which rests upon the imputa- ;
tion of racial inferiority, with the reply, |
first, that the race alleged to be inferior has |
much of the superior blood in its veins, and |
secondly, that the Irish problem is just as
acute in districts where the English blood ,
predominates as where the people are “mere
Irish.” There are three other common ex-
planations of the Irish difficulty, any one of
which, taken by itself, only leads away from |
the: truth. Our author has in mind the
familiar assertions, first, that the origin of
the evil is political; secondly, that it is re-
ligious; and thirdly, that it is neither one
nor the other, but economical. In Irish his-
tory, no doubt, may be found under any one
of these heads canse enough for much of
the present wrong-going. Sir Horace Plun-

|
i
|
!

these simple explanations to which I have
alluded—the racial, the political, the re-
ligious, the economic—is based upon reason-
ing from imperfect knowledge of the facts |
of Irish life. The cause and cure of Irish |
ills are not chiefly political, broaden or
narrow our conception of politics as we will;
they are not chiefly religious, whatever be
the effect of Roman Catholic influence upon 4
the practical side of the people's life; they |
are not chiefly economic, be the actual pov- |
erty of the people and the potential wealth \
of the country what they may. The Irish
question is a broad and deeply interesting
human problem, which has baffled genera-
tion after generation of a great and virile
race, who complacently attribute their
incapacity to master it to Irish perversity,
and pass on, leaving it unsolved by Anglo- |
Saxons, and therefore—so it is assumed—
insoluble.”

1

 

wu.

The second chapter of this volume is as-
signed to a demonstration that the English
misunderstanding of Ireland is of far less
importance, and perhaps less insxcuca-
ble than Irishmen’s misunderstanding of
themselves. In the third, fourth and fifth
chapters are reviewed the chief living in-
fluences t> which the Irish mind and
character are still @ubjected, and which
are mainly acoountable for the sc lf-decep-
tion to which Irishmen are prone. In
the third chapter is exhibited the effect
upon the Irish mind of its age 1 ng obses-
sion by politics. The fourth chapter deals
with the influence of religivus systems
upon the secular life of the pecple. In
the fifth chapter the author shows how
education, which should not only be the
moat potent of all the three influences in
bringing Ireland's national life into line
with the progress of the age—but should
also have m°dified the operation of the other
two causes, political and religious, has ag-
gravated rather than cured the malady.
Whatever impression may be made upon
the unprejudiced reader by the three chap-
ters named, there is no doubt that on the
author himself, as the result of observa-
tion and reflection, the conclusion has
been forced that the Irish mind has been
suffering from considerable functional de-
rangement, though not, 90 far as he can
discern, from any organio disease. This
conclusion is the bas's of his optimisn.
In the sixth chapter, which concludes the
first, or critical, part of his book, he submits |
certain new prinolples of treatment, which
seem indicated by the diagnosis; and he asks
the reader, before he rejects those princi-
ples, to persevere through the narrative
contained in the second part of the v: lume.
There will be found in process of solution
eome of the problems which Ireland has
to solve; there wil} be seen in practical
operation, and already passing out of the
experimental stage, the principles for
which a theoretical approval is asked in
the firet part of the book. In a word,
the story of the e:lf-h:lp movement is
relied upon to strike the note of Ireland's

  

economio hopes. The action of thd Recese
Committee of 1695 is explained, and ¢he eon
cession of its demand by the establishment
of a “Department of Agrioulture and Other

' Rural Industries, and for Technical Instruc-

tion for Ireland,” is described. This com-

' pletes the narrative of a quiet, unostenta-

tious movement, which probably will
some day be seen to have made the last
decade of the nineteenth century a fit prel-
ude to a future commensurate with’ the
potentialities of the Irish people.

TL.

The story of the new movement begins
in the year 1889, when few Irishmen, of
whom Sir Horace, then Mr. Plunkett, was
one, sot themselves the task of bringing
home to the rural population of Ireland the
fact that their prespcrity was mock more

in their own hands than they had been

generally made to believe. It was neocs-
sary to convince the Irish farmers that the
enormous advantage which the Continental
farmers had over them, as regards both
production and distribution, was due to
superior organization, combined with better
technical education. State ald had, no
doubt, done a great deal abroad, but in
every case it manifestly had been preceded,
or at least accompanied, by the organized
voluntary effort, without which the inter-
ference of a Government with the business
of a people is simply demoralizing. ‘The
problem to be solyed in Ireland was, how
to adapt to the special circumstances of that
country methods succcssfully pursued by
agricultural communities similarly situated
in foreign countrics. Irish farmers had to
be convinced that combination was just
as nec:ssary to their economic salvation
as it was recognized to be by men of their
own class engaged in other industries.
They must combine, for example, to buy
their agricultural requirements at the cheap-
eat rates and of the best quality, in order
to produce more efficicntly and more
economically. They must combine to avail
themselves of improved appliances beyond
the reach of individual producers, whether
by the erection of creamerics, for which
there was urgent need, or of cheese factories
and jam factories, which might be needed
later; or, in ordinary farm operations, to
assure the use of the latest agricultural
machinery and the most suitable pure-brid
stock. ‘| hey must also combine—not to abol-

| ish middle profits in distribution, whether

thes» of the carrying companies or thoss
of tha dealors in agricultural produce—
but to keep those profits within reasonable
limits, and to collect in bulk and regularize
consignments so that they could be carried
and marketed at a moderate cost. ‘lhey
must combine, moreover, a8 was after-
ward discovered, for the purpose of creat-
ing, by mutual support, the credit required
to bring in the fresh working capital which
each new development of their industry
would demand and justify. In short,
whenever and wherever the individuals in a
farming community could be brought to
see that they might advantageously syb-
stitute associated for isolated production
or distribution, they must be taught to form
thems lves into associations, in order to
reap the anticipated advantages,

But how was the industrial army which
was to do battle for Ireland's position in the
world’s markets to be organized and dis-
ciplined for the task? It was evident that,
before a@ body of men who had never
werked together could form a successful
commercial combination, they must be
provided with a constitution and set of rules
and regulations for the conduct of their
business. These must be so skilfully con-
trived as to harmonize all the interests in-
volved. When, moreover, an arrange-
ment should be reached, which should be,
not only in fact, but also obviously, equita-
ble, it would still be an essential part of the
process of organization to teach the par-
ticipants in the new project the meaning,
and to imbue them with the epirit, of the
joint enterprise into which they might
have been pgrsuaded to enter, with, per-
haps, no very clear understanding of all

that would be involved. There were in ;

Ireland no precedents to guide Sir Horace
Plunkett and his friends; no examples to
follow; but the codperative movement in
England appeared to furnish most of the
principles involved, and the pattern of
machinery for their application. Agricul-
tural cotperation, however, had never
succeeded in England, where it seemed to
be accepted, as one of the disappointing
limitations of the cotiperative movement,
that it did not apply to rural communities.
It was also to be borne in mind that in Ire-
land there were peculiar difficulties arising
from ceaseless political and agrarian agita-
tion. Could Irish farmers be credited
with the qualities out of which cot perators
are made? Had they commercial expe-
rience or business education? Had they
even business capacity? Would they dis-
play the confidence in each other which is

j essential to successful association, or, in-

deed, the confidence in themselves without
which there can be no business enterprise?
Could they ever be induced to form them-
selves into societies, and to adopt, and
loyally to adhere to, the rules and regula-
tions by which alone an equitable distribu-
tion of responsibility and profit among the
participants in a Joint undertaking can be
assured, and harmony and successful
working be rendered possible? Sir Horace
Plunkett amd his friends were warned that
voluntary association for humdrum busi-
ness purposes, devoid of any religious or
political incentive, was alien to the Celtic
temperament, and that they would wear
themselves out crying in the wilderness.
They were told, in a word, that Irishmen
can conspire, but cannot combine.
Iv.

 

 
 

(now somrhonly known as the I. A. 0, 8),
which was to be an analogue of the cod-
operative union in England, Mr. Plunkett
was elected the first president, a position
which he held unti) he entered official life,
when Lord Monteagle became his succes-
sor. Father Finlay, who had joined the
movement in 1892, and who has dovoted
the extraordinary influence which he pos-
sesses over the rural population of Ireland
to the dissemination of the society's eco-
nomic principles, became vice-president.

Both he and Lord Monteagle have been
anrually re-elected ever since. The growth
of the movement during the last nine years
under the fostering care of the I. A. 0. 8.
may justly be described as highly satis-
factory. By the autumn of 1903 considera-

and the number is incessantly growing.

Of these jons $00 were devoted
to dairy 140 to agricultural purposes;
there nearly 200 agricultural banks,

fifty home industries societies and forty
Poultry societies, while there were forty
others which*had misce)laneous objects.
At the end of the society's last statistical
year the whole number of members was
about £0,000, representing some 400,000
persons, The combined trade turnover
of the sociqty during the present fiscal
year will reach approximately $10,000,000,
a figure the meaning of which can only be
appreciated when the fact ia borne in mind
that the great majority of the associated
farmers are in 60 smal) a way of business
that in England they would hardly be
classed as farmers at all.

Without going too much into details,
we should say a word about the governing
body and staff of the I. A.0.8. The gen-
eral policy of the society is shaped by a
committee of twenty-four mmbers, one-
half of whom are elected by the individual
subscribers, and the other half by the af-
filiated societies. The aim is to make the
committee representative in the best serns>
of the word and proportionately influential.
With the expansion of the field of work,
the staff—at first composed of a secretary

repeatedly augmented to enable the cen-
tral society to keep pace with the demand
made by groups of farmers to be initiated
into the principles of codperative organi-
zation and the details of its application
to the particular branches of farming
carried on in thcir several districts. At
the same time, the branch societies which
have been established need, during their
earlier years, and with each extension of
their operations, constant advice and super-
vision. Heroe, skilled organizers have
to be kept to form codperative dairy soci-
eties, to inspect creameries, and to give
technical advice upon the manufacture
and sale of butter, the care of machinery,
the adequacy of the water supply, the drain-
age system, and many similar technical
questions. Others are employed to start
poultry societies, which, when organized,
have atill to be instructed by a Danish ex-
pert in the proper method of selecting,
grading ard packing eggs for export. In
tillage districts there is a constant demand
for organizers of purely agricultural soci-
eties, which aim at the joint purchase of
seeds and manures, of implements and
other farm requisites, and at the better
disposal of produce; while the growing

cultural credit keeps four organizers of
agricultural banks constantly at work.
Home industries) beekeeping and horti-
culture may be added to the objects for
which societies have been formed, and
which require separate expert organizers,
In addition to all this work the central
association has found it. mecessary to keep
@ staff of accountants, versed in the prin-
ciples of codperative organization, to in-
struct these miscellaneous societies in
simple and efficient systems of bookkeep-

ing, and in the general principles of con-
j ducting business. To complete the de-
scription of the propagandist activities of
the central body, we should say that there
is a ceaseless flow of leaflets and circulars
containing advice and direction to bodies
of farmers, who, for the first time in their
lives, have combined for business pur-
poses; while a little weekly paper, the Irish
Homestead, acts as the organ of the move-
; merft, promotes the exchange of idzas
| between societies scattered throughout

the country, furnishes useful information
{ upon all matters connected with their
business operations, and keeps constantly
before the associated farmers the economic
principles which must be observed, and,
above all, the spirit in which the work must
be approached, if the movement is to ful-
fill its mission.

i

 

 

Vv.
One of the difficulties incidental to a
voluntary movement of this kind, which,

bly over 800 societies had been established, |

and two assistant secretaries—has been |

importance of an improved system of agri- :

| four. Chief to the Lord-Lieu-
| tenant of Ireland, introduced and’ carried
‘a \bill “for establishing a Department of
Agriculture and other Industries and Tech-
nical Instruction jn Ireland, and for other
purposes connected therewith.” The new
Department thus created consists of 4
President (who is the Chief Secretary for
the time being) and a Vice-President. The

| staff is composed of a Secretary, two Assist |

ant Secretaries (one in respect of Agri-
culture and one in respect of Technical
Instruction), as well as certain heads of
branches, and a pumber of inspectors,
instructors, officers and servants. The act
provided that the Department should be
assisted in ite work by “a Council of Agri-
culture and two Boards, and also by a Con-
sultative Committee to advise upon edu-
cationa]) questions.” This Department,
which began work in April, 1900, was created
to fulfill two main purposes. In the first
| place, jt was to consolidate under one author-
ity certain inter-related functions of gov-
ernment, in connection with the business
concerns of the Irish people, whfoh, until
the creation of the Department, were dis-
tributed among some half doren boards,
and to place these functions under the
direct control and responsibility of the
new Minister. The secoond purpose—with
which we are here mainly ooncerned—
was to provide means by which the Gov-
ernment and the people might work to-
gether in developing the resources of the
country, so far as State intervention could
be legitimately applied to thisend. Toward
the fulfilment of this second purpose—
the development of the resources of the
country upon the principles laid down
by the Reoess Committee—an annual in-
come of £166,000 (derived in about equal
parts from Irish and Imperial sources,
and called the department’s endowment),
together with a capital sum of about £200,000,
was provided,

OC
Vi.

At the hour when the book before us was
finished (December, 1908), the Department
of Irish Agriculture had been in existence
j for three years. The work accomplished
| by it falls paturally under two divisions.
| The firet consists of direct aid afforded to
| agriculture and to other rural] mdustries,
and to sea and inland fisheries. The second
consists of indirect aid given to these ob-
jects, and also to town manufactures and
commerce; as well as to education, a term
which must here be interpreted in the
. Widest sense. Under the heading of direct
| aids to agriculture, rural industries, and
| sea and inland fisheries, the Department
has set in motion much useful and impor-
tant work, partly by the use of its funds,
and partly by suggestion and the organiza-
tion of local efforts: The most obviously
popular and easily understood schemes
were those directed to the improvement
of live stock. In a single year, over a
thousand sires were selécted for improve-
ment by the experté of the Department
for admission, to the stock improvement
schemes, and probably an equal number
of breeding animals offered for inspection
were rejected. The profits derivable in
many parts of Ireland from the cultivation
of early potatoes have been conclusively
| dethonstrated.. With regard to what may
| be called industrial crops, such as flax and
1 barley, a great deal of information has been

| disseminated and driven home by practical
experiment,. In’ many .quarters interest
has been aroused in the possibilities of
| profitable tobacco culture. Turning to the
Department’s work in connection with
sea fisheries, we should mark the issue of
{ Joan fish in for’ ‘the ‘purchase of
boata and gear; contributions to the cost

 

of fishery slips and piers; the circulation of |.

.telegraphic. .intelligence; the making of.
| by-laws for the regulation of fisheries; the
patrolling of Irish fishing grounds to pre-
vent illégalities; and the attempts which
| are being made to develop the Irish oyster
' fishery by the introduction of a system
of culture comparable to that pursued
| with success in France and Norway. ..
We observe, finally, that the educational
policy adopted by the Department of Irish
Agriculture is, broadly speaking, twofold.
The aim has been, in the first place, to give
Bey fundamental training in science and

 

scientific methods which, as most thinkers
| are agreed, constitutes a condition precedent
| to sound, specialized teaching of agriculture
| as well as of other forms of industry. A
collateral and» more practioal purpose—
by methods less academic in character—
| for example by itinerant instruction, which
‘is of value chiefly to those with whom
“school” is a thing of the past--to teach
not only improved agricultural methods,
but also simple industries,and to promote
the cultivation of industrial habits, which
} are as essential to the success of, farming
| as to that of every other occupation. We
add that olasses of manual work of various

| for reasons intimated, had to be rapidly \ kinds—woodwork, carpentry, applied draw-
|and widely extended, was the enormous j ing and building construction, lace and
cost to its supporters. Having proved | crochet making, needlework, dressmaking
themselves capable of self-help, however, | and embroidery, sprigging, hosiery and
, the representatives of the movement be-; other such subjects—have been steadily
lieved that they had a right, as contributors | maintained and numerously attended.
to the welfare of Treland, to request the | In its infancy is the work which the De-
assistance of the Imperial Government. | partment of Irish Agriculture is intended
The first response to the request was the | to accomplish, and with which the name of
appointment in 1895 of a committee to sit | Sir Horace Plunkett is inseparably identified.
in the Parliamentary recess—whence it | The department is a thing of yesterday,
came to be known as the Recess Committee— | yet it has already generated a belief in and
| to be formed in the first instance of Irish ; ademand for technical instruction which it
| Members of Parliament (nominated by the will take many years adequately to supply.

 

leaders of the different political sections), ; The enormous intellectual impetus which
who were authorized to invite to join them | it has imparted was recognized by an
any Irishmen whose capacity, knowledge | American visitor who recently disembarked
or experience might be of service, irre- | at Queenstown to view the Cork Exhibition.
spectively of the political party or religious | In asubsequent rush to Dublin he told the
persuasion to which they might belong. | vice-president of the depattment: “I have
It was a strange council over which Sir ! visited all the great expositions held in
Horace Plunkett had the honor of presiding. ! my time. I have just come from the Cork

Such were the discouraging auguries | All shades of politics were there repre-' Exposition. I have often seen more things,

under which the reorganization of Irish
agriculture was begun. For a time the
pioneers of the codperative movement in
Ireland found their task a hard and thank-
less one. They had to encounter not only
apathy among the people, but active oppo-
sition on the part of the press and poli-
ticians. They were denounced for “killing
the calves,” for “forcing the young women
to emigrate,” for “destroying the agri-
cultural industry.” Sir Horace, then Mr.,
Plunkett, was described as “a monster in
human shape,” and was adjured to “cease
his hellish work.” In the town of Rath-
kaele, where an attempt had been made
to plant a creamery, 4 codperative apple-
cart was upset by a local solicitor, who,
having elicited the fact that the movement
recognized neither political nor religious
differences, that the Unionist Protestant
cow was no less cared for than her National-
ist Catholic sister, announced that the
programme would not suit Rathkaele.
Rathkaele, he said, was a Nationalist town—
Nationalist to the backbone—and every
pound of butter made in its creamery must
be made on Nationalist principles, or it
shouldn’t be made at all. :

By the year 1804, however, the codper-
ative movement for the redemption of
Irish agriculture had gathered volume to
such an extent—although the societies,
then formed, numbered but one for every
twenty that are in existence to-day—that
it became beyond the power of a few in-
dividuals to direct ite further progress.
In April of that year a meeting was held
in Dublin to inaugurate the Irish Agri-
cultural Organization Society, Limited

M.W. AH.

 

 

sented—Lord Mayo and Lord Monteagle but never more ideas.”
Keeping Up the Houp-la.

jand such Liberal Unionist M>mbers of | ‘
A little story by Anita Vivanti Chartres,

\ Parliament as Mr. Dane and Sir Thomas
Lea sitting down side by side with Mr.
John E. Redmond and his Parliamentary | “Winning Him Back" (The Smart Set Pub-
followers. It was found possible to secure | lishing Company), tells how Grace under-
the cordial agreement of the late Rev. Dr. | took to keep up the houp-la as a means of
Kane, Grand Master of the Belfast Orange- ! making herself interesting to her husband.
men, on the one hand, and of the eminent | According to Fifine, bosom friend to the
Jesuit educationist Father Thomas Finlay { heroine, the houp-la consisted of certain
of the Royal University on the other. The | extravagances of deportment.
O'Conor Don, chairman of the Financial; “Keep a little shadow of mystery drawn
Relations Commission, and Mr. John | over your soul,” said the knowing Fifine,
Roses, M. P,, now ons of his Majesty's | who was French, of course. “Let your
Judges, both Unionists, were balanced by | eyes be dreamy under drooping lids. Trail
the (then) Lord Mayor of Dublin and Mr. | about the rooms in clinging gowns and
T. C. Harrington, M. P., who now occupies | undefined perfumes. Adopt fads; insist
that post, both Nationalists. The late Sir} upon having your rooms filled with gar-
John Arnott represented the commercial | denias when they are out of season; faint
enterprise of southern Ireland, while such | away at the sight of a certain shade of
men as Mr. Thomas Sinclair, Sir William | mauve. Then spring surprises upon him.
Ewart, Sir Daniel Dickson, now Lord Mayor | Be sudden; be extraordinary; be unex-
of Belfast; Sir James Musgrave, chairman | pected. Do things! Pack up a powder
of the Belfast Harbor Board, and Mr. ! puff and a silk petticoat, and let him find
Thomas Andrews, chairman of the Belfast , you with acab at the door, going away for-
and County Down Railway, will generally | ever. Take poison one day. Be shot at
be accepted as the highest authorities on | by a frenzied lover the next. Adore him
the needs of the business community which ‘ with the passion of a Spanish tigress to-
has made Ulster conspicuous in the in- | day; ignore his existence to-morrow.”
dustrial world. Grace undertook to carry out this re-
Without attempting even to outline | markable business, with results that are
the deliberations and ultimate conolusions | set forth in the story. She made a poor
of this committee, we confine ourselves to | fist of it, not being built at all upon the
noting that in 1896 its report recommended | plan of a Spanish tigress, or even upon
that a Government Department should te the plan of a fairly competent high jinks
created, with a Minister directly respon- actress. Everything got mixed up. There
sible to Parliament at {te head. The first were loads of troublé. Rosenstein, the
attempt to comply with the recommen- pawnbroker; Mr. Wilkins, the golden
dation failed, but in 1899 Mr. Gerald Bal-

 

 

j Boglish poet. and Grace’s husband got

 

 

ina hard and vociferous knot about a
upon Wilkins by the heroine, and that

gage of unfair proportions. To
appeir that Grace had been ehot at by.a
frenzied lover,ahe and Fifine took @ shirt-

waist out into the back yard and discharged,

a pistol at it. Result, not the perforation
of the shirtwalat, but the

rather. queer eum of 840. Our heroine

of
the police, who had to be propitiated in the | record of

   
    

ruby | canic activit
ring that appeared to have been bestowed | At low tide

' Rosenstein held subject to a chattel mort- | 4
make 4t springs furnish

|

{

also went about in a “enaky dress” and & |
‘ “symbolistio coiffure,” but it does not ap- |

, pear that they advanced her cause or
‘ she derived any happiness from either of
| them.

j The truth ig that she was endeavoring to

) correct a state of things that did not really
exist. There was no need to win her hus-
| band back, aince he was not lost and never

; had gone away. When he discovered
what all thé trouble was about, he reason-
' ably eeked her not to win him back any

more. To this she consented, and ao the
story terminates iteelf in a felicitous con-
clusion. ,

A comedy amounting to farce, and bidding
for open laughter rather than covert amiles.

The Navigator of the Skies

There is a delightful boyishness and
frankness about Mr. A. Santos-Dumont’s
“My Air-Shipe” (The Century Company),
that will attract the reader to the author
regardless of his remarkable aerial aciieve-
ments. He seems so manly, unaffected
and such a thoroughly good fellow. The
story, which has appeared in the form of
magazine articles, modestly tells the steps
in hig experimente with balloons until he
succeeded in meeting the requirements
for the Deutech prize with his “Number
Six,” with subsequent experiencas even
more interesting and important. His feate,
as he tells them, seem simple enough, and
the reader will be able to understand easily
nearly everything. What he will not
understand is how the navigator could
keep control of so many strings at once
without losing his head and coming to
grief. He will have little doubt that the
man at the helm had as much to do with
M. Santos-Dumont’s success as the in-
genious machinery he devised.

; ceiaeeaaivliesiaretrnapaiaepsesst

COLORADO DELTA EXPLORED.

ee
Botanists in a Little Known Corner of
America. ‘

The New York Botanical Garden is doing
the prelimirary work of Seen ane |
of preparing a eompre ive flora o
North America and the adjacent islands.
Because of the great value of the imme-
diate results pending the accomplishment
of the main task, which from ite magnitude
will require years to complete,’ it has been
deemed advisable, so far as possible, to
confine the earlier explorations to the
territory of which least is known botani-
cally.

With this idea in view an expedition was
planned last fall to explore the great delta
of the Colorado River and Dr. Daniel Trem-
bly MacDougal, first assistant at the garden,
was selected to head the party. He re-
turned to New York last Monday with the
plants he had collected, many of which are
of deep interest to botanists.

In preparation for the trip, G. Sykes,
civil and mechanical engineer of Flagstaff,
Ariz., built a sloop especially designed to
meet the exigencies of the wayward river
and the difficultice of navigating the Gulf
of California. A strong current and many
shallows complicate river navigation, while
each recurring tide, which there has a
rise of 18 feet, is preceded by a great foam-
crested wave, or bore, frequently 12 feet
in height. Deadly peril swaite the navi-
gator who does not know how to meet
this wall of water or when to prepare
for its coming.

The sloop was built at Yuma. It isa
flat-bottomed vessel] 27: feet. over all, with
7 feet 6 inches breadth of beam. Itis fitted
with oentreboard for gulf navigation, car-
ries jib and mainsail and, loaded, draws
only about 9 inches of water.

The party, which boarded it at’ Yuma
on Jah. 27, consisted of Dr. MacDougal,
R. H. Forbes, director of the United States
Experiment Station at Tucson, G. Sykes
and Charles Rossele. Their outfit, re-
duced to the least possible quantity, but
including much apparatus absolutely neces~
sary to the success of the expedition,
weighed 1,200 pounds.

The work of the explorers began with a
study of the general structure and forma~-
tion of the great delta of the Colorado,
stretching with a varying width of from
twenty to seventy miles from Yum to the
Gulf, a distance of 150 miles. This delta is a
great plain covered with a dense vegetation
of tules, arrow weed, meaquite, willow
and poplar, and is traversed by many
secondary channels and indented with
many bayous. It is doubtful if any river
formation in America is ite equal in ecientifie
interest.

In many respects its general features
agree with those of the Nile. Like the
Nile the Colorado. derives ite waters from
the melting snows of far distant mountains,
the Amerioafi stream being fed from moun-
tains in Colorado and Arizona, nearly 2,000
miles distant, and deep cafions mark its
pro to. the eea.

Like the Nile also it irrigates an im-
mense plain before it mingles ite waters
with the ealt waters of the Gulf. The
soil of this plain, moist and fertile in iteelf,
lies in the heart of the most arid and desert
region in North America, where the annual
rainfall is at times less than two inches.

The firet halt of the expedition was at
Colonia Lerde, the last outpost of civili-
zation as one voyages down the river.
Here as thorough an investigation as time
would permit was made of the flora of the
mosa or desert plain to the eastward, and
the mesquite foreet of the deita on the
western side of the river.

Early in February the party re-em barked
and entered the gulf, leaving the last trace
of civilization behind. It may be said in
passing that this trace of civilization
as presented by Colonia Lerdo is rep-
resented by two families of Mexicans
and a number of Cocopah Indians. Be-

&@ trackless land

yo
cult of access and off

as is known, of either

not even an Indian treads

and no one, 6a’ or civilized
made his ore there. re

The explorers expected to obtein
from among the Cocopahs, in Tear ten
were recommended to Dr. MacDo'
by letter before he left New York, But no
one of the Indians could .be fo who
would trust himasif to the sea; and the ad-
venturers upon the most arduous
perme of their totally depen-

ent upon .

The lower part of the delta, within fifteen
miles of the sea, is an enormous stretch of
mud flats sui at each g
flood tide. Even the willows refuse to grow
there because of the all-pervading salt,
an the.only that finds a footin
in the hiok

waste is salt grase f
no use yet been found mh
The objective

int of the explorers
the get wes Ben ‘elipe Bay, w bh indents
the . os q . but one other
place al shores 0! entire .
brn half ofthe gulf which offers ahy shelter

to vessels.
ole a ee se sae
gxplorere found evidence of reosas vole

60 littie yt
60
ort or fit that

Bp Ways,
» has ever

 

ma a

    
  

   

     
  

 

throu mous the entire regior.

oprin ubble up at man:
places on the beach, heir water showing
@ temperature of from 80 to 9 degrees,
hidden hot 6 @ hear these beach
thé only available water

Or, ne boven San Feli
uring the stay at San Fe Bay Dr
MacDougal climbed a peak of the neiahib .
ing eps which had never before ber,
visited,and crowned the apex with a mon.
thent of ite blocks as an enduriny ,
6 visit. He aleo made a cv).
lection of the scant vegetation that marks
the mountain LR,
alone, carrying sleep

He made the
ing bag, water and instruments across a
desert plain eight miles wide. He estab.

lished camp at the foot of the mountain and
je the ascent the next morning.
‘eagurements stow the mountain to be
4,000 feet high, and among the most curious
the discoveries of the me was the findiny
yuocas and the agave, or Spanish bayonet,
wi at this unusual altitude. Many
Create lieved to be new were secured on
the mountain and ite vicinity, but examina.
tion will be necessary to establish this pour
of the features of the vegetation or
the low plains is a tree much the shape and
size of a smal) epple tree but fragrant and
resinous, recembling the hito tree of southern
Mexico, Another surprise waited tho
explorers in finding eo far north many

epecimens of the tree cactus, Cereus peciens,
or Indian comb cactus, 60 called becaise
the fet of the plant is used as a comb by
the Indian women of central Mexico.

The relative humidity of the air was found
to be extremely low, averaging only from
15 to 20 per cent. on mountain and plain.

No information as to the amount of rain-
fall was available, but from genera] obrerva-
tion of the v on of the locality it is
believed that the annual rainfall cannot
exceed two or three inches, a scarcity due
to the fact that whatever precipitation
there is comes only by winds which blow
across the gulf, the high mountain barrier
of the central e cutting off the moisture
laden winds of the Pacific.

In addition to a large collection of seeds
and preserved ap ,ens, many living
plants, most of which are abrubs and cacti,
were secured and have arrived safely at
pe garden since Dr. MacDonugal's return

is return journey up the gulf was made
under the adverse conditions of strong
head winds and adverse current, but was
a lished without mishap.

t Lerde the sloop was abandoned to
complete the journey to Yuma later on,
er the management of native boat-
mén. Loading the collection, supplies and
apparatus on wagons, the explorers tra'nped

e remainder of the journey to Yuma
overland, the distance, seventy-two miles,
being covered in two days.

The of the expedition, which is
held to be only preliminary to a more thor-

h exploration of the territory, are con-
sidered most gratifying, not only as to notes
of the general character and geoloxical
formation of the t ry, its general flora
and climatic conditions, but in the interest-
ing character of the living plants and pre-
served specimens add to the garden
collections.

The living plants wil] be placed on ex-
hibition in the public conservatories as soon
as they recover from their long journey.

ACROSS TEHUANTEPEC.

The Interoceanic Railroad Mexico Is Butld-
ing Over Its Isthmus.

8. Pearson & Son, the firm which ob-
tained the contract for building the East
River tunnels fcr the Pennsylvania Rail-
road, completed last year the new harbor
of Vera Cruz, the finest artificial harbor yet
constructed in the New World; and ihe firm
has now in hand the great enterprise tha!
Mexioo is carrying out on the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec.

Very litile has been heard about it, but
years before the Panama Canal is com-
pleted there will be a first clasa railrcad
across this isthmus, with well equipped
porte at <acn end and lines of steamships
plying regularly to these ports from Europe
and the Orient.

‘When the contract was given to this firm
4t entered into a eort cf partnership with

 

 

the Mexican Government. Each contri-

butes half of the corporate capital of $16,000,

000, Mexican. The firm is to run the rai!-
road and keep the ports in good condiii.1
for fifty-one years and to establish a mari-
time service on both coeans and the Gul!
of Mexico for foreign and coastwise
traffic.

This work is now under full headway,
avid it is expected that al] phases of the
improvements except at the two ports
will be completed this year, The railroad
will take the place of the ill-advised effair
that was built some years ago and was
almost worthless from the start.

Along the 192 miles across the {isthmus
the whole rcadbed has been overhauled
and the completed track is sald to be as
even and smooth as that of any line In ex-
istenoe. The old bridges have been torn
down and modern stee) structures built
in their stead. It is a eingle track line with
turnouts, and the heaviest steel rails have
supplanted the old ones,

The most important part of the under-
relates to the harbor acoommoda-
@hd the dockage facilities at the ends
These port works are

along the Coatzaco-
from . anais et f ee
asa or large

accommodations.
The depth of water ide the wharves
xt be y-five feet low tide, The
ly real engineering difficul re the eand

t
bar across theest , but the retain-
whioh rao been placed there will

ways a open.
The improvement of Salina Cruz, the
terminus of the road on the Pacific, involves
greater . As it has ecarcelr
co! ns of protection, 4

ete harbor is being built. The harbor
formed by a breakwater 8,300 feet

» within @ spacious dock will bs

will .b
ver,

rt

§

nar verpoo] will make
regular ig from Coatzacoaloos as 600!)
opened. If the Eastern war
usly interfere, Yokohama
be the Oriental terminu-
of @ direct line across the Pacific and will
there t: er freight for other porte of
; and there is tio to be a direct line to

ere is no doubt that the completion of
will considerably shorte!

nication between Europe and thr
Fast, and ft will have its share of busines:
6ven after the Panama Canal is in ful
awing.

THE ACTIVE WHISTLE OF ITHACA.

It Tells the People When te Get Up, to Go
te Work, to Bed, to Meals.

From the Elmira Advertiser.

In Ithaca they whistle for it. The whist!
on the sewer pumping station blows at §, i-
3 and.5 o'clock to announce the municip:'
working day of eight hours. At 11 o’cloc!
the weather report js, blown to the four wind =
by a code of biaets and shrieks and toots.

and when there are special reports announ:
id waves or snowstorms these are

co: ,
wihietied without delay so that he who listens

may learn,

At 12:30 there is a warning
which every one pulls out
bh . “a A Rores' k in the eve!

e i en at 8 o'cloc pene
ing Phere fs just one long blast, whieh an-
noun that curfew will pot ring to-night,
but thet every boy and gir) under 16 yeurs
must scurry for home and mother or be caught
by one of i 6 five regular Pi cemen, or per-
ial, who js wetohing out for the
Deing of the rising generation,
ore, there is a siren w

an ood, = It gives 1
3 of the ROR, and {t's & flood that '*
pone to waete out a crowd to witel ‘t,
eight short blaste follow the announcement
the box number.

th