ane es iedilin Lik tad ean aaa ea

  

 

  
 

 

 

80 far as the Tokugawa family was con-
cerned, father and: grandfather | of
Tyeyasu, the first shogun’ of the family,
were both attacked by men carrying Mura-
masa swords. Iyeyasu therefore isstied an
edict forbidding any one to carry them. It
was in this way that they acquired their
bad reputation, The reiations between
Muramasa and his master, the great Masa-
mune, were amusing. Masamune did not
have a very high opinion of Muramasa's

  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  

THe JAPANESE SWORDSMEN,

FENCING SCIENCE’ OF THE MI-
KADO'S SUBJECTS.

 

 

Reverence for the Sword as a Weapon, and
its Etiquette—Magicat Skil of Experts

_ —The Famous Swordsmiths of Me-/ work. One day Muramasa challenged him
g dimval Japan—Fencing by Policemen, | to a competitive trial of their respective
swords, aramune consented, and the

sword blades were
stream of water, wit
against the current.
and rubbish which

From the Scientifie American.

Until the year 1603 A, D. there was no law
existing in Japan with regard to the wear-
ing of swords. Any one might carry as
many as he chose, During the Tokugawa
régime, however, a law was promulgated
which allowed only the nobles, the fighting
men or samurai, the artists or painters,
and the swordsmiths to carry swords,
This law remained in force until 1877, when
an edict was issued forbidding any one to
wear swomls in public, This naturally
created discontent among those whose priv-
jlege it was to carry the m, whereupon the
Government proclaimed another edict,
allowing any One to wear as many. swords
ashe pleased, This removed the cherished
distinction attached to the wearer of a
sword, and no one cared to do what was
permitted to all. Although wearing swords
has entirely ceased for twenty years in
Japan, the old esteem and reverence for the
weapon and its use still exist among the
gentlemen of the country, and many of the
nobility have at their houses regular es-
tablishments where fencing is practised.
Fencing teachers are attached to the police
stations, and every policeman is instructed
in fencing with the two-handed sword, as
well as in the practice of jiu jutsu, or the
gentle art.”

The Japanese sword is usually wielded
with both hands, and cutting plays a much
larger part in their sword play than the
thrust and point. They also fence with
two swords at once, the long two-handled
weapon being held in the right hand, while
the left uses the shorter and lighter blade,

paced in a runnin
their edges turn
All the leaves, twigs,
flowed down stream

 

BLOW UPON THE SIDE OF THE HEAD AND
THRUST AT THE THROAT,

ran into Muramasa’s sword and were sev-
ered, while they carefully avoided coming
into contact with Masamune'sblade. “Ah,
said Masamune, “that demonstrates very
well the difference between our swords;
yours is bloodthirsty, and cuts everythin,
which comes near it, while mine avoi
doing unnecessary damage.”

Muramasa left Masamune prematurely,
went away into the country, set up a forge
and began to make swords on his own ac-
count. One night Masamune happened
to arrive at the very village where Muramasa
had established himself, and put up at the
inn, entirely unaware of Muramasa’s pres-
ence inthe place. Muramasa’s forge hap-

ned to be near this inn, and he worked

n his forge during the night. Masamune
heard him pounding away, and recognizing
the work that was going on, he began to
pound with his clénched fist upon the floor
and walls of the room. Inthe morning
the landlord said to him, “Are you c: 3
Why did yon nd all night and 6
such a racket?” Masamune replied, “I am
not crazy, but by occupation I am a sword-
smith, and hearing someone at work mak-
ing asword last night I kept time with him
by pounding with my fist, and I have come
to the conclusion that he does not pound
enough; he would make a better sword if
he pounded more.”

asamune afterward met Muramasa
and ‘said to him: “Ah, it was you that t
heard last night; and let me tell you that
you have got to pound more if you wish to

ea really good sword. You ought to
come back to me, and study seven more
years before you can be called a good sword-
amith.”. Muramasa consent to renew
this study, but Masamune died before the
seven years were up.- I think that Masa-
mune was regarded by my instructor as a
better swordsmith than Yoshimiteu, who
stood first’ on my list, while Masamune
was second. One certainly heard more
of Masamune than of any other of the old
swordsmiths of Japan. He died at the
of 80 years at Ka , to which place he
had come from Kioto when 71 years of age.

   

CORNECT POSITION IN JAPANESE FENCING,

The accompanying photographs show the
position of the fencers and illustrate the
blows and thrusts employed. The fencer
etands with his right foot forward and his
sword held in both hands directly in front
ef him, its hilt at about the level of his
waist, its point being at nearly the level of
his opponent's eyes. The illustrations

rhow some of the favorite blows. One arte ;
favorit mit i io My interest in the sword brought me into
favorite blow is a rapidly delivered cut , fact with & class of Japan little ze

upon the outside of the right wrist and | :
forearm. This serves to disable the right | by forei eos I ren te penne ols

erm. When the fencer is using a sword in { fashion ,
each hand, it is the left, foot which is ad- j thats toes, ane Ino ea me soi non Chery!

vanced. The long eword in the right hand I think that one of the finest types of hu-

is held upraised ayer the head, the point manity es une aera eyueege aney

directed backward ready to deliver a cut, | Were Possene wit Miecerat ¢ OnOr) 8 .Ce=

while the left hand, holding the smailer | Votion.to duty regardless of conseduerices

sword, is extended forward engarde. The Uasuriess Senet ain t fi EOLA?

user of two swords has a decided advantage | View, of course, was Pears ns Ours,

over an adversary who wields but one. and may seem grotesque Oa aid i many
My fencing teacher was originally a po- | Ways, but their sincerity Gh Th ity are

liceman, an about twent years ago was | not to be questioned. +. H. TILDEN.

stationed at the Yoshiwara in Tokio, very

ene who visited this, district was obliged ELECTRICAL ODDITIES.

t ut asic is swordsat the entrance, Secs

Ce EL allo f A 0 6p Over three miles of copper wire is used in

was noi allowed to enter with them. One °
night five men entered the district wearing | the ¢onstructton of an ordinary ratlway
motor. ‘

their swords. Refusing to give them up,
The largest searchlight ever made will be

® policeman conscnereen with them,
vhere they ki im.» Mr. nmi

Pberennen , ane set up at St. Louis. The lens is seven feet

in diameter.

then came up, and, engaging the five men,
A representative of one of the large man-

killed three of them and put the others to

flight. The reputation acquired by this

feat of arms enabled Mr. Hemmi to set up ufacturing concerns said the other day: “The
country has gone turbo-crazy and hardly
any consulting engineer dares to advocate

as a teacher of roriotng.
When handling and inspecting a sword,
reciprocating engines for fear he would be
considered behind the times.”

‘Japanese etiquette requires that the sheath
should be held in the left hand, with edge
An improved form of mercury vapor lamp
has been shown in France which gives a very

of the blade uppermost. The blade havin,
been gently withdrawn with the right hand,

satisfactory white light, but the efficiency is
said to be not so good as that of the Hewitt

its various points are examined in the fol-
lowing order: First, edge; second, sides;
third, back; fourth, point; fifth, general
thape and aspect. An old fashioned cus-
lamp.
Since the adoption of electricity for power
purposes in-one of the great English ship-
yards in 1901, the output of the yard has

tom was to put paper between the lips
while examining a sword, in order to prevent

doubled, but the expense for power has not
increased.

the breath coming in contact with the blade,
A 21-foot electric launch now on the mare

such contact being injurious to it. In re-

moving the handle from the part of the
ket that is capable of travelling thirty miles at
seven miles an hour, has a weight of only

blade upon which the maker's name is

inscribed, the handle should be held in the
1,600 pounds: @ 30-foot boat will travel sixty
miles with one charging, and a 36-foot boat

left hand, the point of the blade directed
seventy-five miles. A 60-foot, launch with a

upward, and the left wrist struck several

sharp blows downward with the right hand.
combined electrical and oil engine equipment,
develops enough power to travel at the rate

This done after removal of the pin which
secures it loosens the blade in the handle
of fourteen miles an hour.

 

fo that it may be removed. When the
examination is finished, the blade is pay
returned to its sheath with the right Nah ’
and the sword is handed to some one else
for his inspection. In handing a sword
to any one it should be held in the left hand
and the back of the blade should be turned
toward him, in order to signify that there
is no ill will. Touching the blade or feeling
its edge with the finger is never indulged in,
being considered bad form, fe
The swordsmiths of Japan are divided
into two great classes, those of the “old
school” and those of the “new school.”
All swordsmiths who lived before the be-
ginning of the Tokugawa era, 1603 A. D.,
belong to the “old school”; while those who
lived subsequently to this are of the “new
school.” Among the swordsmiths of the
old school there are four names which stand
Preeminent. These are, in order of their
Yoshimitsu, Masamune, Yoshihiro,

One of the large manufacturing companies
has just shipped to Japun forty small electric
motors, running from 2% to 15 horse-power.
Each of: these is fitted with a grooved pulley
for carrying a wire orropecable. The great-
est haste was: made over this shipment, and
a special vessel from Japan. awaited them
at San Francisco. It is surmised that the
Russians will know the purpose of these
motors before we in the United States

learn it.

An electric bicycle touring car is arousing
interest in Wisconsin. This car carries six
passengers, is equipped with a 24 horse-power
motor, and carries a charge for a seventy-five
mile run.

Its peculiarity consists in its running on
two wheels as a bicycle. Two other wheels
are arranged on the sides, in such a manner
that they may instantly be lowered to sup-
port the car when standing, or raised when
travelling.

Double sprockets and chains on the rear
wheels take the power—the steering being
done by means of the forward wheel. Private
speed trials have been made and are said to
show & marvellous rate.

ALL CATHOLIC PRAYER BOOKS

Made tn Europe, and Jewish Firms Control
the Market.

From the Louisville Courier-Journal,
“Catholic prayerbooks have cut a queer
figure in the paths of commerce,” said Leo
Kau! of Chicago, who will spend several
days in Louisville among the dealers in the
literature of the Roman Church.

byt

f

   
  

 

  
 
 

 

4 BLOW UPON THE TOP OF THE HEAD AND
ONE ON THE 6IDE OF THE BODY,

and Munechika. Yoshimitsu, Masamune
and Yoshihiro all lived in the. thirteenth
century, while Munechika flourished in the

   
 

tenth. Swords made by these men are now “For a Jong time the manufacturera in
very rare, They are in the possession of | Europe were at a loss to understand the
fi 3 who would not part with them for | oaprice of the trade. All prayerbooks of

any amount of money. There are in the
list of the swordsmiths of the.old school
four named Yoshimitsu, four named Masa-
mune, two Yoshihiro, and two Munechika.
There are numerous forgeries also, and no
one should go in for buyiie swords without
having the advice of a trustworthy exper
The skill of some of these experts is little
short of magical. I was told by a German
Kentleman living in Tokio that he gave
eleven sword blades to an expert for ex-
amination, and if my memory serves me
the expert correctly named the makers
of ten out of the eleven. blades without
looking at the names engraved upon the
hilts. Besides the four swordsmiths al-
ready named, there is another deserving
of attention. This is Muramasa, who was
4 pupil of the great Masamune. He was
widely known, and undoubtedly made’
swords which were excellent weapons, but
his standing is very low in the rank of
*wordsmiths, He was a man of violent:
temper, and his swords acquired a

repittation. It was su + that once
withdrawn from their th ag always
shed blood .before being, returned. They
were regarded as cularly * unlucky,

the Catholic Church are made in Europe and
those which are used in America are im-
ported. For some time it has been noticed
by those who make a close study of the situa-
tion that the sales in Europe were constantly
on the decrease, while American sales in-
creased abnormally in comparison with the
growth of the Church. A large. proportion
of the Catholics in America have tics of blood
in Europe, and it has recently been figured
out that a large number of prayerbooks
are bought by Americans and sent back
from this country tb the place of their origin.
Under twentieth century business methods
that is a queer fact, as all kinds of shipping
rules have been originated for saving ‘long
hauls,’ as they are calied, but the sentiment
which attaches to the act of making a present
with one’s own hand causes a large number
of .prayerbooks to recross their own path
each year.

“Another peculiar fact in connection with
the traffic in Catholic goods is that the Euro-
pean markets are controlled altogether by
Jewish firms, while the entire list of American
dealers includes only two Jews,"

rrr

  

POEMS, WORTH, READING.

| The First Big) Wiha‘in Iréland,
Flave yotrhedrd of the bi¢ andewiit wing
Toast swept o'ér the Emerald Isle,
From Marili Redd to Bantry Bay. .
And bade 16'thd old Lough ‘Foyle,
From Bally¢onnell to Carasore Point,
Ang again £6 ‘the cliffs o' Rinvyie,
And around ofce more-to-Pelat-Cahore,
At the rate of @ thousand mile?

 

"Iwas before tho time that our fathers knew,
Or 'fidint thetr folks before;
‘Twas béfete/thé banshoes
In Sleve-fa-mon for Bé bh;
"Twas before the imupelee wees thelr home
On the Barrow and Boyne Nore,
‘Twas béfors Dan O'Connell raised 4 turmoll
‘Phat neariy resulted in war.
Wh ee fh of Be 458
Oh, it blew trom the north and it blew,from the south,
And It blew, from the e46t and west,
And not 4 bird that it blew Away ©
Has evét yet fotind Its nést.- ~
It biew the colléens out-imto the bogs,
And the dons could gniy, protest,
For \t blow with s roar froth shore to shore
And never & pause for rest.
For, oh, ‘twaé the biggest wind that blew
Since thé days when-man first sinned.
And over éincs then when pepe tell
Of the dééds of departed’kth, *
That would'tax the bellef Of 4 créedulous mind,
And hevér-& @otd AGi;
You can put it down for the time long gone,
‘The hight of that wonderful wind,
Coat “ ) PRANKLIW TaYLos.

 

‘The Bachdlor’s Song.
‘ From the London’ Ditly Chronicle,
In one Of the States of the Argentine Republic

bachel wo. eof £14,month up to the
casey wet amen ty fom so to 85, nnd £00 month
after they reach the age of60:-
Since ty twen th birthday, had tried
Wibaes Oren Oy
BY c a of in raisea rake, ;
yen °
But ihe Sf the balm thar the silted lacks,
hod. babe fe Siaanpere
fate ny eel boyn every year.
Leet eter
he Pata woul’ athe

  

y. P 6 woul
At the-age Of thimy Ft
jew clothes of the

4 the drain,
ragain;
latest style,
he:

’ brutal, callous way,
the tax {t'mede me pay.

Pounds to the numbér of tweaty -four

I pald for being a bachelor.

My Afileth birthday found me still
A singlé Jack in éearth of a Jill;

Ha hopeléss, dull,and atoot, °
Troubled, too. with a twinge of fou:
Pino ahepag wiline o share my it
in: .
But dia the State feel sorry tor mee
No; tt multiplied my fine Dy three.

Seventy pounds and a éouple mére
I paid Yor being a Rebaier. C74

1 write these lines with a borrowed Quill
On the back of an wapels tailér's Bill.
As clevér readers So belees guess,
The | workhouse !s My address.

Tt 8 the only

es for
A cruelly harried bachelor.
; : P.G. W.

 

When the Joke's on Us.
From the Baltimore American.

We can ght a lot of giggle from the cares of other

We can Iyek a lot of pleasure from our own de-
he | jokes; ‘
We oo Aug to beat the mischief when the other
3 ere
One banens ‘peeling, as adorn the street he
t ye ' ' j
We canamiles smile of rapture at 4 fellow creature's

uss, ;

But It’s quite another story when the
, ‘ i Jokes

on

We can schéme and plot to humble some poor chap
we ee 1s proud,

And wore 14d when he’s the victim of the cackle
ott

@ crowd: .
Wwe ut lay. she blooming joker when the other
e! 8 *
And wi urglé o'er his trouble till we nearly have

a fit;
But we're gouthhéund to a minute and prepared
to start a fuss fi
When thé victim turns the tables and the
‘ e ‘ : Joke's
te on

us.
We will never reach perfection in this tricky buman

Till ajoke on t'other fellow or on us is all the aame--

Till we ade as long and loudly at our own dis-
cofifiture ’ ‘

As we do.e jecmne one else bas beld the bag of
8 o { ’

We'll be failures just as long as we proceed to rave

and cuss :
When the other fellows laughing and the
‘ yy . Joke's
on
us,

—_
Motherhood.
«-From the ‘Boston Tranacripe.

Come to my arms, my darling.
Come, ‘for the nightfall ts near,
Come, and thy mothér shall‘send thee
To dreamland with never a fear.

Come and thy mother, shall sing thee
A Ipliaby softly ang low. ;.

Sing thee to rest and to dreamland
Fre darker the day doth grow.

And as thou sleepest, my dear one,
Visions will come to her ¢yés+
Visions of thee, strong in manhood,

Noble and gentle and wise.

Her iy will esr at the picture,
Thrilling wit! Aer. alyd with pride.
Yet the-tears st‘ily fall as she presses
Thee close, little one, to her side.

And she knows that always gt twilight,
py norares: whatever thou, art,
_, The Bame little lullaby, reno
She'll sing to the¢ down tn her heart.
z , Marr PCTNAM GrLMoRE.

 

Wos y Gil to ¥t Yonk tk.
. From the Chicago Tribune.

Across the sad and adjemn sea
1 redela fendly pe to thee,
My brother, in acyere ty, 3
* "¥t Yonk Ik, *
1, too, Rave seen thé lamp of rome
Snuffed out, just when SA rosy jame
. led the k.

1, too, have seen coy glory filt :

Just when my name bad médéa hit,

And people tried: pronounting it,
Yi Yonk Ik

The splendor that | made mine own
Now rests beneath a chiselied stone—
“Jacet hic.”

wi

Your name, with rhythmle clink and clank,
Was @fe before which. others shrank—-
Mine with more softness rose and sank,
. Yi-Yonk Ik. ~ ‘
y name was like a serenade,

M
Until some Jealons lout or jade
5 Threw a brick. ,

My name was like a genile sigh—
A song beneath the sg iy!
But still, we're brothers, you I,
q Yi ¥Yonk Ik,
Although your name, when spoken, makes

A sound Iike Westinghouse's brakes
, Clutehing quick.

Bit, do not mourn, Rejoice with me,
For. future ages still shall see
Our names aromp ‘fe history,

‘on.

Yon 1% ond pe y Gil h 1
rou, ¢€ com 8 peal:

Swe oan't Kick. y W.D.N

@ Yes.
Shall ¢

 

Concerning Bristow.
‘When Bristow did his duty and
Reported what he had In hand
Abotit the zeal of statesmnén shown
Ih doing something for thelr crn,
They showered language on'his head,
And as ohé man they rose 4nd sald:

“Damn Bristow!”

Pobr Bristow thought that he would be
A pattern of integfity, . ‘
model patriot who thought
mat £004 to coutitry might be wrought
showing what Was beilig¢ done
In how the P. O. D. was run.
But did'the statesinen point with pride
At him? Not much. Théy rose and cried:
“Damn Bristow!”

He. merely cited, now and then,
Some rent or hire that Co men
Werte séalous to promote, and give
Congtituents e chance to live
on and rent that Unéle Gam
Had ought to know wan't wyfadem
Ab tent and wages go these days
on everybody. wants & \
So Bristow told his siinple tale,
‘Aga Walted round to hear the bat!
Abd .plaudit: . “Good; well done,”
From statesman. sire and statesman son.
Tc he get it? Say, was he
mmended for his honest}?
Wal, -hafdly, for these statesmen held
Him up'to scorn, and néreely. yelled:
: “Damn Bristow!”
All right, damn Brisjow; good enough;
f Wy us report ss te
Witt facts which cleatiy ¢6 fo prove
That Bristow won't stey. damned. j
eet Wah

at

  

        
   

 
 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. °
Various authorities group various painters to-

Seeds which mildew in the garner, scattered, fil
with gold the In.
Is thy burden hard and heavy? Do thy steps

 

rag wearily?
Gin Shan Rew inal ive men covtect lst of tus | Helo 19 Bear thy Brother's burden; God wit bea
+ then, an oe, e
yon assets, and oblige GD, Numb and weary on the mountains, wouldst thou
The name 1s not 4 very satisfactory one, It has sleep amidst the snow?
been appliéd to that coterie of painters who stuc- | Chafe the frozen form beside thee, and together

both shall glow.

Art thou stricken In life's battle? Many wounded
round thee moan

{ Lavish on thelr wounds

sha ne own, 3

Is the heart a well left empty? None but God its
vold ean fill;

Nothing but a ceaseless fountain can its ceaseless
longing still,

Is the heart a living power? Self-sustalned, Sts

ceeded the Romantic revolt of 1830 and went directly
to nature for their inspiration instead of painting
studio pictures, Théodore Rousseau was the first
to settle In the village of Rarbison. After him came
Jean Francols Millet, Corot, Daubigny, Diaz,
Troxon and others. See Mollet's “The Painters of
Barblson,” and for the best account of the indi-
vidual artists of the school consult D. S, MacColl's atvoneth ‘sinks tow:

“Nineteenth Century Art,” though the latter does | 1¢ can only live In loving, and, by serving, love
not use the name Rarbison. will’ gro

WwW.
eee I hope that some Sun reader can end my search

A claims Frederiok the Great was a friend of this | for the name “of ‘the composer of this verse.
country. Bclaims he was not. Which Is right? W. L. KInKzAD.

y A Sun READFR.

We know of nothing In history that justines
A in his contention. Frederick was bitterly op-
posed to England. From that fact, and from that
only, {¢ might be Inferred that he was friendly
to the United States. He did nothing to prove
his friendship. /

Kind)
I may

tails were so abnormal they were capable of storing
thirty books. A SUBSCRIBER.

In Henri Murger's “Scénes de Ja Vie de Boheme.”

‘thy balsam, and that balm

 

Will you kindly give any tnformation you have
4s to the authorship of the “Letters from a Chinese
Official,” published last year, and oblilge severa@) of
your readers? PHILADELPHIA CLUB.

On thelr original publication In England it was
more than once suggested that the letters were
written by some Englishman—possibly one of
the Oxford or Cambridge dons. They were cer-
talnly not written by a Chinese.

inform me where, in fiction or elewhere,
d the character Colline, whose black coat

 

Is the idea of international arbitration a new
one or have there been cM attempts in the
world's history to make {t a practical reality?

Arbitration was resorted to among the commu-
nities of ancient Greece at least 600 years before
the Christjan Era, and the Amphictyonic Council
has been held by some authorities to bave had the
function not merely of inducing but of compelling
submission to arbitration, In medimval Europe the
Pope was often by consent of the parties selected as
arbitrator to decide international disputes. Henry
IV. of France, the greatest soldier and statesman
of his age, tried to realize the idea of a great Re-
public of Christendom, which was to consist of 4
federation of all the States of Europe and was thus
to put an end to the an} mosities of nations.

(1) What country has the biggest national debt

in proportion to {ts population, and (2) what country
has to pay the highest rate of interest when It
borrows? Q

 

What fs the numismatical value of a “Pine Tree
Shilling” dated 1602 and in excellent Coma aT

There is no genuine “pine tree” silver coin bearing
the date you give. A Massachusetts pine tree
twelve-penny piece dated 1652 and In good cond!-
tion ts worth, according to a leading dealer's cata-
logué, $8, while one of 1650 Is priced in the same
catalogue at $25.

Do the Andaman Islands forma British colony,
oe sree are their chief industrics, PapViA son
Cc. . CoN.

They are politically attached to British Indla
and. since 1858 have been used as an Indian penal
settlement. The forests yield valuable timber,
and com, rice, manioc, tea and potatoes are the
chief agricultural products, though cacao, indigo
and coffee have more recently been Introduced.
According to a report of the late Chief Commissioner
of the Andaman and Nicobar islands embodied
in the last Indian census, the population of the two
groups consisted of 1.882 Andamanese, 6,511
Nicobarese, .and 16,256 belonging to the convict
settlement. In consequence of the prevalence
of measi¢s and other infectious diseases the native
population is rapidly dying out.

 

1, Australia. Her public debt {s about $1,047,-
000,000, or $278 per head. 2. China. She pays
7 per cent. on part of her borrowed money.

In your Issue of March 18 under the head of
Raven yole and Answers” your correspondent E. B,
asks the meaning of the word Cuba; and tn your
reply you state that you know of no _ historical
authority that gives the meaning of the name.
If you will allow me to answer the question 1 will
say that the word’ Koo-ba which you give as the
pronunciation of the word Cuba Is a Hebrew word,
and the Hebrew cheracters composing the word
Koo-ba, are so pronounced, and mean arched tent.

1. Ia elther of the planets Uranus or Neptune
visible to the naked eye or through an ordinary
assed as of the first,

Hi . § cl
eee deny than aor: magnitude according to | It 1s very probable that there were In the company
their brilllanéy. What js the magnitude oF the | of Columbus a number of Hebrew sallors, and the
following stars: Achernar, Capella, Rigel, Canopus, | Shape of the Island of Cuba may have Sup gested
Sirius, Procyon, Vega and Altair? 3. If the first | to them the name. That Is the only Bre AUle an-
indent.

swer to the question of your correspo
W. H. REINHART.

The suggestion is. an tngenious one—but then
all available evidence goes to prove that the name
Cuba was tnat given to the Island by the aborig-
{nal Inhabitants.

Kindly let me know the exact date of the “big

wind” In Ireland? 1 belleve {t was in the year
1839. JOBEPH T. MULLIGAN.

magnitude is 1.00 what Is the brilliancy of a star
of the 0.80, or one-half magnitude, and of a star of
the magnitude —1.4, or about one and one-half less
than no magnitude at all? WINDJAMMER.

1. No. 2, They are all of the first magnitude.
8. There |s no such thing as a star of one-half mag-
nitude or of one and one half less than no magni-
tude at all. The stars were divided into magni-
tudes, or classes, according to thelr brightness, by
the anclent astronomers, ali the brightest stars
being placed in the first magnitude, those con-
siderably fainter in the second magnitude, those
fainter still in the third magnitude, and so on to
the sixth magnitude, or those just visible to the

Jan, 6, 7, 18389.

HE INTRODUCED A WAR SONG,

 

 

naked eye, This classification has been practi- | When Jules Lumbard First Sang ‘The
cally retained by modern astronomers. From , ”
photometri¢ comparisons tt has been ascertained Hatite ory ot Peeetent,

that the average star of the first magnitude may ‘From the Philadelphia Press
conveniently be reckoned 100 times as bright as a A big, broad chested, broad shouldered
sixth magnitude atar. Hence the iight ratio cor- | old man, with long snow-white hair and
responding to a difference of a single magnitude | white mustache, dignified, courtly, affable,
Is 2.5. $ generous and sympathetic—this is Jules

 

Lumbard,* the famous singer of patriotic
songs back in the civil war times, who, at the
age of three score years and four, has just
been admitted to the Nebraska bar and will,
open an office in Omaha for practice

One afternoon in the summer of 1862, 5,000
men were crowded into the old Court House
Square in Chicago. Excitement was at fever
heat. Recruits were signing by the hun-
dreds in Chicago every day. The 5,000 men
crowded into the old Court House Square
were listening to speeches—speeches full of
the fire and eloquence of patriotism. Jules
Lumbard, big, erect, handsome, came elbow-
ing his way through the crowd and mounted
the platform. Just as he went up the steps
George F. Root slipped a piece of paper into
his hands

“Sing it,” he cried eagerly. “It is Just
written.” The ink was not yet dry.

The singer felt his splendid voice grow
in his throat. He went to the front of the
platform, flung aside his hat. tossed back his
luxuriant hair, glanced at the simple words
and music of the song and in those resonant
tones--then at their strongest and best—
taught “The Battle Cry of Freedom” to 5,000
pen. That night the recruiting station was
u

In the course of a sermon on Mormonism Sun-
day evening one of our ministers here sald that the
Mormon Bible, or Book of Mormon, was written
tn Pittsburg, in a printing office, by Sidney Rigdon,
@ one time Campbellite preacher, and was largely
stolen from the manuscript of a historical romance
of America’s first settlers by Solomon Spaulding.
Can you say whether there ts any truth tn this
statement? L.

The real authorship of the “Book of Mormon”
has never been definitely settled, and never will be,
though Internal evidence seems to point to the prob-
ability that this queer hodge -podge of anachronisms
and vulgarities was concocted by Joe Smith. It
was begun In September, 1827, at Manchester, N.
Y., continued at Harmon, Pa., and finished at Man-
chester, N. Y., June, 1620. The original manu-
script has disappeared, but the copy made by the
schoolmaster, Oliver Cowdery, Smith's principal
ecribe, {s im existence. The Rigdon-Spaulding
theory is invalidated by the fact that there was
never any conclusive evidence to show how, when
or through whom Smith could have obtained a
copy of the Spaulding manuscript. A document,
alleged to be the original of Spaulding's “Manu-
acript Story,” which was unearthéd in i885, showed
no real res¢mblance to Smith's production.

 

If you can obtain the name of the author of the
following verse I would consider it a great favor.
The poern was found, after his death, in the Bible
of my uncle, a Lieutenant In the Union Army, who,
fn his thirtieth year, laid down his life In the sum-
mer of 1864, and is sub pased to be buried in a na-
tional cemetery near the mouth of the White River.

THE CRUSE THAT FAILETH NOT.
1T I8 MORE BLESSED TO GIVE THAN TO RECEIVE.
Is thy cruse of comfort wasting? Rise and share
{t with anothér;
And, through Bee year ot famine, it shall serve

thee and thy brother;
Love Divine will fill thy storehouse, or thy hand-
ful still renew

 

His Voice Always in Training.
From the Detroit Tribune.

William Faxon of Ovid, aged 83 years, Is still
singinginachurch choir. He ts reputed to possess
a fine tenor voice and to frequently render solos in
Smooth, rich tones unquecered by the ravages of
age. That Mr. Faxon's vocal powers are so well
sustained is a marvel to those who do not suspect
the secret. The fact that Is for twenty-five years
Dast he has been an insurance agent.

Will often make a royal feast

Scanty fare for one
for tw

r two.
For the heart grows rich In giving; allits wealth ts
ving grain;

—_—_—_—_———— Se.
ns

  

» PUBLICATIONS.

Excellent Book for Chiropo-
dists, Students, Nurses
and Manicures, or those
desiring to care
for their own
feet.

 

SCHOOL FOR CARD PLAYERS.

F. G. H. says: Before the draw, the dealer gives

A too many cards, but A does not call attention

to it until be has picked them up. Is thishand foul?
Yes.

 

J... says: In dealing for the draw, one of A's
cards \s faced. The dealer proceeds to give him
another, when B bets that all the others must lirst
| be helped ond then A’s card can be replaced, not

Berar pod is right?

8 right.

). McB, says: A opens 4 Jack, and no one comes
and’ asks to see openers. C
openers but his whole
een no draw. A bets
Who ts right, and

1
In. LB holds his han
says A must show not OMe
handp because there has
he need show only opeters.
why?

As A has not drawn, he still holds the original
five cards, and as he has paid no more for them
than any other player at the table, they are en-
titled to see the whole five before they give up
thelr money, which is already in the pot. A of
course takes down what he put up to draw cards,
because no one will come Jn and let him draw.

A treatise on the fiuman foot and its clothing.
The injuries and diseases to wiich the foot Is Hable,
such as flat feet, club and lngrowlng (oe nails,
bunions, callositics, hard, soft and vascular corns,
é&c, Twenty-five illustrations, valuable. receipes
for chilblains, cold and perspiring feet. Matled $1.00.

DR. P. KAHLER'S SONS,

Surgeon Chiropodists, 928 and 930 Broadway,
New York.
ESTABLISHED 1868,

 

J. iL. W. says: Elght playing, the pack runs out
before all have drawn. The dealer gathers up the
discards, and proceeds to help the remaining players.
When it comes to the third of these, he Insists that
the discards of the two preceding him shall be
shuffled in with the pack before he is helped.

Having gathered tho first discatds, the dealer
cannot add further discards until he gets down
to the last two cards In his hand again. When only
two remain in his hand and more than one 1s asked
for, he must take up discards, as the last card in
his hand must never be dealt out,

~eeeeeeeeeeeen

Business Colleges.

 

T.C. C, says: A opens a pot, and three others
{ stay. “Alt'draw cards. A bets the limit. Band C
throw up their hands and D asks A what he has,
calling his bet at the same time. A sayes “Aces,”
and, without waiting to see them, D throws his
cards Into the deadwood, A shows aces, but has six
cards. What becomes of the pot?

Atakes lt. Hishand ts clearly foul, but itis better
than no hand at all, and D must suffer for his own
contributory negligence in not holding his hand
until he saw A's, As against the others who did
not call, there {s no evidence that A's band was
foul when he opened the pot, and he must have
the benefit of the doubt. If players will throw up
their hands before they have satisfied themselves
that they are not entitled to.the pot they must
suffer the consequences. No one can benefit by
an error to which he has himself contributed and
this is what all those have done who have thrown up
thelr cards in a jack pot before they have seen the
openers that win It. '

 
  

There's no such thing as luck, Put
a “p” before it and you have the key-
note of the situation.

Luck never made Geo, B, Cortelyou
Secretary of the Department of Com-
merce. Pluck and a knowledge of
sborthand did It.

Luck did not place Willlam Rauch
{n the position of private secretury
to the President of the Board of Elec-
tlons, at $1,500 per year. A few inonths
training at our night schoo} did It.

Luck has not enabled our graduates
to gain and hold the most lucrativa
positions in the largest banks, busi-
hess houses and railroad offices through -
out New York and New Jersey. ur
efficient training makes success not
only possible but SURE.

A course in shorthand and type-
writing, or bookkeeping, banking and
penmanship at our school will fit YOU
for a paying position.

 
       
       
 

aloes ‘
W. R. O. says: A ts first man to say in a jack.
Bite up two chips, and three

ll draw and.B {s called on to
B says he did not open, but
What should

 
    

He says nothing. B
other men come tn.
make the first bet.
thought A did, and he just came In.
be done in such a case?

The others, being Iced into error through B's error,
must be allowed to play for the pot, B's hand being
foul and B losing all he may have put In, just as if
he had opened it, thinking he had openers when
he did not.

 
         
     
   
   
 
    
 

 

 

 

INSTRUCTION.  ‘

 
   
       
 

AAPA PAR AAP DARA AAD ROTO DAP DDD pA . , Day eat sessions. ave air
; ree illustrated prospectus to-day.
Business Colleges. Visitors always welcome. Open ati

summer.

       

MILLER SCHOOL

1133-1135 Broadway,
Cor. 26th St., N. Y.

EASTMAN
SCHOOLS.

New York and Poughkeepsie.

We desire to submit a proposition to the young
men and women who have been studying com-
mercial subjects In the Public

NIGHT SCHOOLS

during the past Winter and who wish to continue
their studies—especially those who have started
Bookkeeping or Isaac Pitman Shorthand. Send
us your name and address and State in which sub-
ject you are interested. We can finish you sooner,
get you to work GREE and all at less expense
than any other school in the city.
HENRY V. GAINES, aaa eele
119 West 125th St., New Yor!

      
     
 
 
  

 
 

Phone 2063 Mad. Sq.
in cash will put you
through the com-
plete three months’

course in STENOG-

e RAPHY, TYPE-
WRITING, BOOK-
KEEPING, PEN-

MANSHIP, TELEGRAPHY, etc, with

the guarantee of a permanent position,

if ye start right away; day or night

Call or write at once for full par-

ticulars.

Gaffey’s Big School

168 WEST 23D ST.

CORNER 7TH AVE.

 
       
   
   
   
       
      

al,

Schools of Elocution and Dramatio Art,

PUBLIC SPEAKING.

Oratory tn all its branches, from the beginning
to the highest perfection of the art, thoroughly
and practically taught by Edwin Gordon Law-
rence, who has had thirty years' experience as
an instructor. Testimonials from the Hon. George
F. Hoar, Hon. Jonn M. Thurston, the late Hon,
John P. Altgeld, and many others. Circular on
apoiication.

     
 

Tae LAW eS CR err Mace | UFOOD'S = jatuay. on
SCHOOL PARK AV J STREET.

 

 

Schools of Art.
WHIPPLE

SCHOOL OF ART

900 6TH AVENUE

DANCING ACADEMIES.

PARADA AAR AAA AAA

HARVARD ACADEMY,

1386 AND 188 WEST 23.
ED, J. FINNEGAN, DIRECTOR.

The leadl dancing academy of all New York.
Accessibie, altractive, spacious, popular and al
ways the best patronized. Extensive alterations
and improvements have just been completed,

reatly enlarging the floor sacs and increasing
fre comfort and convenience of our pupils

Glide and half-time waltzes taught,

“MISS McCABE’S

BUSINESS,
BNOWNG

 

SHORTHAND, & TELEGRAPHY.
EVERYWHERE BY EVERYBODY.
MORNING SESSION, $8 PER MONTH.

NIGHT SCHOOL, 4 MONTHS, $15.

CALL, WRITE, OR TELEPHONE.

= Stenography. Typewriting. elec.

np raphy, Bookiceepinig and Sitcom
ames rercial branches taught, day and
evening.

THE PAINE UPTOWN
BUSINESS SCHOOL,

1931 BROADWAY.

    
 

ail

4th Ave. & 23d St. Day & Evening. 40th Year,
ALL COMMERCIAL BRANCHES,
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION.
ENTER AT ANY TIME.

 

—

Miscellaneous.

 

Dancing School, 112, 114 & 116 West isth St Kinder arte Training classes now formin ¢
Par 3 doors west of 6th Av. L station. g Bare erue ars uP (I'td ss Z. A.
vate andclass lessons dally. Beginners any time utten,Supt.,4Slrving Pl, N.Y.

 

PUBLICATIONS,

RRR RA en tn nnn

PUBLICATIONS.

Se | anne

 

 

The Real Madame

At LESS Than HALF Price—

PUBLICATIONS.

Pe Aes

PUBLICATIONS,

| PAI Ieee | eee _

 

 

Du Barry;
Her Confessions and Memoirs.

The Only Unexpurgated and

Unabridged Edition.

=4 fore memoirs occupy four of the volumes) this set of book covers the

; stairs-and-kitchen Roenip side of French Court history, much as Guizot
covers its outward manifestations. And where so much was set afoot with

secret and obscure design, where eo little was openand above-board, where boudoir
counsels dictated treaties and the wounded vanity of favbdrites instigated campaigns,
where a low-born woman's caprice could send forth the torch to lay waste the half
of Eu: it is im ible to comprehend the curious events of history without know-
ing the intimate details of those underlying causes. It is characteristic of these
memoirs that in dealing with the ar alff: which are ated in every
one’s mind with French Court history of the period, their very simplicity and frank-

ness purges hem of all offence.
© undersigned controls a few sets of these personal French Court

i FS Henry of Navarre to and through the reign of Du Barry (whose

 

Memoirs (translated with fidelity into English), which can be se-
cured, in complete sets only,at a very low price, and on small monthly
payments, if preferred, provided application be made at once.

These few copies are from a limited number and reg-
istered de lure edition, bound up to sell at $10.00 a volume.
But through a binder's error the leather of the vglumes is
imperfectly matched; uently it becomes advikable to
dispose of them outelde the regular subscription chan-
nels, and at aprice about equalto the value of the
unbound sheete.

A booklet fully describing the edition
will be sent, together with price particulars, if
you sign and send the inquiry slip at once.

J.B
CHADBOURNE,

1 East 16th St,
New York.
Please send me particu-
lars—advertisementin Sur,
Maren 20,
PVG sevice cis snsese es