|
{
iH
H)
te

a erin cane tt eee ae
PT IE SNS

ee

 

  
 
 
 
 
    

 

THO. TRAGIC SLICES OF LIFE,
*OALRGESO" AND THE 00

 

 

Broad Humanity of These  Transoripte
From Everyday: Existence—A Subite
Study of Jealousy Is the Spanish Play
—The Dutch Drama a, Picture of
Fisherfolk and Their Many Miserles.

When Elizabeth Marbury suggested to
me that “ihe Good Hope” might intercst
me at the Empire ‘Ihcatre, one afternoon
last week, my mind had been made up in
advance on the subject. As much as I
enjoy the promising work of the Ffa-gent
pupils, to see them once a menth is usually
enough, ut this fast vanishing dramatio
scescn has brcught so few good things
upcen ite sluggish, brackish currents, that
Miss Marbury’s invitation was very we l-
come. 1 had missed “Ihe Good Hope” in
Lendon, where it was given under the
auspices cf the Stage Scci-ty. It was the
fourth production of th S ciety’s s%ason,
and the prescntaticn cecurred some time
in the latter days of last April. I have
been informed that the ycunger men and
women of the organization greatly dis-
tinguished themalves. Rese Filippi,
Margaret Halstan, Beryl Faber, Edith
Ciaig, Irene Recke, Lyall Swete, Granville
Earker, C. B. Clarence and others partici-
pated, so an old programme informs n.e

Hermann Heijermars, the author, is a
Dutchman whcs« work has attracted much
attention on th Continent. His tendenci:s
are, like the tendenci:s of nearly all the
younger artistic generation, sccialistic.
Here in America we do not realize the
fervent inspirations of Young Germany,
Young France, Young Italy, Young Ho]-
land, and now Young iriland, toward that
eternal chimera~Liberty. It quite fills
th irhorizcr, and very cften, as we shal] s96
in theeas of Heijormars. it isdetrimental
tu th irart. You can't preach and practice
art at the same time. The mixture is neither
acemly nor cffective. Lut Iclstoy has st
the example, and humanitarianism, de-
spite the strong Nietzsche and Ibsen fo-
lowing, is the fashion of the hour. To
pity makes the weak strong, the strong
scornful, And in the theatre especially |
is this idea an overmastering one. Nearly
all mcdern plays are planned on the same
lines. I do not allude to the feeble stuff
which comes to us from England—the
central situation is one of extreme and
depressing misory. !n Gorky’s amor-
phous pieces we are shown damp, dirty
cellars full of the rotting fag ends of hu-
manity, Antcine in Paris is, I suspct,
rather tired of this sewer art, for Lugné- }
2.6 has taken it up aftr him.

There is no denying the power, morbid

it is called, of these pictures from real | ing in his little village.

| You may surmise the style of

 

  

the latter
filled with denunciations of the rich,
filled with the plaints of the downtrodden;
filled with oaths, cries and the whip-lash

“THE GOOD | that urgey one to do something, burn some- ,
thing, kill some one! And there is 20 dis- |

proportion between life as this man Geert
sees it and the attacks upon it in his favorite
newspapers, What does he discern? A
lot of miserable men shipped to sea in all
weathers, earning a few cents by en infernal
toil, blown about, buffeted by the waves,
in constant danger of oolli.ion and storms;
earning a pittance, while the major portion
of their labor goes into the pockets of un-
feeling brutes whose main concern is the
amount of insurance on their unseaworthy
smacks.

 

Yes, you can understand Geert’s blood
boiling when he considers the real life about
hin, Little use to tell him that in heaven
all will be made right. That consolation
is denied him, The blve vault of the sky

has rolled back immeasurably—there is |

no pasteboard Parnassus for Geert. Fe
has lost the faith of his fathers. Ee roughly
says to his mother thee things on his re-
turn from prison, where he had been sent
for insubordination, for striking a superior
officer. This officer, a low scamp,
called Geert’s aweetheart o jade. For that
he is knocked down by the indignant man.
Fis recital of the miseries endured in
jail is overwhelming, and 680 placed in
the ect aa not to be superfluous or
didaotic.
hold a brief for socialism that his play sags
in interest; not that a frankly socialistic
play is impossible—I can give you a list of
excellent ones—but the subject as handled
by the Dutchman is not dramatic.

 

For example, the arraignment of the
shipowner Clement Bos and the fourth act
in which he is shown sfeculatirg about
his insurance money, are both grave mis-
takesin a play of this genre. Ccmedy is
the better vehicle for attacks on manners—
drama should move us, not preach from a
thesis! You can’t arraign an individial
for the mistakes of society. It is ecciety
at large, the government, the reddlirg
politicians who are to blame for the social
status, and for the svcceesfu) career of
such a man as Bos. He exists in every
community. When he is a grocer he sands
his sugar, when a shipowner it takes the
legislation of a Plimsoll to keep him from
sending his crews aflcat in coffins.
When he is a politician! Poor, blundering
Geert saw only the individual and attacked
him, Heijermans saw the class and at-
tacks it, and thereby his art suffers; it be-
comes a tract instead of an exposition, a
sermon instead of an evocation.

A better painter of mariners than either
a special pleader or a dramatic architect,
Hermann Heijermans is extremely happy
in his delineation of the various types liv-
The fishermen

life. Probably the best play Zola ever | are nut so difficult to draw as the women,
fathered was “Tl é:8se Raquin.” It was. There is first the old widow, whose husband

strong ard disagreeable, though doubt- j
legs less veracious as a human document |
than “L’Assommoir.” In the Latin key}
altogether, we have enjoyed not without !
a shudder the one act play by Andrea |
Verga, “Cavalleria Rust icana.” Mas- |
eagui’s melodramatic and vulgar music |
has almost ruined this striking transcript
of Sicilian peasant life. Luckily we recall
Eleanora Duse in the drama proper; short
as it is it is essential drama. Can we ever
forget her first entrance; a woman with
sickly yellowish-green complexion, hol-
low-eyed, half circled by dull, bruised
ehadows, her mouth drawn at the corners,
the gums showing, her walk weary, even
waddling; her entire expression that of a
womansick with the intimations of her first
child, an unwelcome child! It produced,
I swear to you, rausea among many in
her audience that night. It was almcst
pathological. But the genius of the Ital-
jan actress soon made us forget her physi-
cal condition, as she herself momentarily
forgets it in the play. She gripped us
with that sense of reality which tran-
scends life itself, is at once less and more
than life—the art of acting in its most sub-
limated expression. When Duse's final
ery rang out after Turriddu's death, so
illuded was her audience that this scream
curdled the blood. Her anguish was ours,
as Verga's puppet’s anguish was Duse’s.
Let me add that once in a lifetime is suf-
ficient for such a play interpreted by such
an artiste. There are some sensations in
the world of art which should: not be
sought after more than once. And in say-
ing this I feel that I am tHrowing down
my cards on the table in the game of real-
ism vs. idealism in theatrical art.

 

Now “The Good Hope” is something
of the same sort of play. Heijermans,
like his countrymen in pictorial] art from
the days of David Teniers, Ostade, Wouver-
man, Breughel and Van de Velde to the
time~—our epoch—of David Bles, Josef
Israels, the two Mesdays, Jongkind, Van
Rysselberghe and the younger group, is a
lover of the natural, a realist, as we say
in critica] jargon. The aspect of things;
The long sweep of wet lowland, the
sky broken by tumbling huge hummocks
of rain clouds: the horizon with here and
there a windmill, and to your right—thade
your eyes from the dull glare of the sun,
@ hoop of bleak fire!—is the sea, oily,emug,
coppery, sullen, a storm locked within its
watery womb. Those frail smacks, &
plank or two between wretched man and
death, venture far out from land. If you
enter Holland at Flushing, long before you
sight the shore, these tiny, tossing barks
meet you in company with the gulls. Both
men and gulls are engaged on the same
errand—fishing.

Heijermans has interpreted all these
surfaces in the life of a poor Dutoh fisher-
man. His interiors are no less truthful
im their notation. “Men must work and
women must weep” is a commonplace,
a'live one in these communities, The
fathers, husbands, brothers and lovers
spend few days at their homes, Their
wives are happy with that fearful happiness
snatched from a fleeting present and
dubious future. Even when their man is
safely housed, drunk as a fiddler's trull,
tliere is somewhere on the water in astorm
the husband of another woman. Never
for a moment is the menace of the sea re-
laxed. It haunts the womenfolk: in their
dreams. They believe in omens. We
would call them superstitious; but live for
years amidst great natural forces like
the wind and the sea, and soon your nerves
begin to register strange happenings,
adon you remarl: minute correspondences,
e@dincidences between your life and the
weather. ‘The sua, the selfish sea, makes
converts of us au!

Heijermans knows his people. So he
sequesters a fraction of a Dutch fishing
village, selects a widow with two sons and
& niece and puts the n under his microscope.
*The Good Fope” is the outcome. In four
acts, it should have been boiled to two.
Act Il, repeats Act I. Act III. might have
followed with more propriety. The charac-
tersof the twosonsare finely differentiate.
The elier is a meleontent. Ee has a
moiety of intellirence. Fe has read news-
papers—“soci:listio rags,” as his employer
ly them—and a few tattered books.

 

 

was drowned in a rotten vessel, like a rat.,
Centuries of ancestors, oppressed, over-
worked, have left their seal on her wrinkled
features, her claw-like hands, her meek,
dumb way of meeting sorrow. Her speech:
“What have we to do with right or wrong,”
uttered in feeble remonstrance to the de-
nunciations of her oldest son, is like a rift
of sunshine in a dark well. You catch
a glimpse of the green mould, of the stag-
nant water, you surmise in a flash the age
and depth of the abyss. True, the poor
have no right to think, to ask, questions.
Accept what comes; “the Lord giveth and

humble submission to tyranuical masters.

 

And yet this same mother, with the nar-
row, bitter ignorance of the peasant, with
the avariciousness of the poor, forces her
younger son to sea. With her bony old
fingers she clutches obstinately at his
desperate young hands which cling to the
door, as he, the great blond booby with the
curly head and red cheeks, begs to remain
onshore. Thesea has swallowed up enough
of his family. But to sea he is sent and
his parent later récalls, as one recalls a
hideous vision, the poor moon-calf strug-
gling to remain near its mother. His body
is washed up in a decomposed condition
after the wreck of “The Good Hope.”

 

“The Good Hope” is not a symbol, but a
boat. There is no attempt at symbolism
inthe play. Straightforward, sincere char-

It is when the author eeeks to |

 
  

      

‘iast week the Interesting young actor
| Rudolf Christians a as Hrnesio
| the poet, who, infatuated by the story of
; Lancelot and Guinerere, the story of the
great Galeotto, read by the two deathless
‘lovers of Dante, Paolo and Francesca,
| makes a play with that title, and then by
the cruel propulsion of fate {s literally
thrown into the arms of a woman for whom
he has cherished the most ideal sentiment,
into the arms of Julia, the wife of his bene-
factor, Manuel,

 

My chief objection to the story of “Gale-
otto” is a vital ore. It seems a trifle ar-
ranged, willed, It is not inevitable encugh,
to employ the phrase of W o-dsv orth. Why
such a man as Don Manuel should allow his
pretty young wife so much of Ernesto’s
society is a mystery not cleared by & for
Echegaray. The poet and the wife must
see much ofeach cther, for only aone night's
absence of Ernesto from the side of husband
‘and wife at the theatre sets all Madrid
gossiping. That gossip precipitates the
catastrophe. Manuel's brother, Severo,
warns him and is laughed at for his pains.
Donna Mercedes, Serero’s wife, warns
Julia of the gossip, and is furivusly bid to
mind her own business. But theee relatives
have seen the suspected pair in a darkened
drawing room, and their mind is quite made
(vp. Littl use of Julia's protestations—
hor husband had just left the apartment.
To gee is to believe ill, with certain minds.
And then the gossip! No smoke without
fire! Presently a duel or disgrace cor fronts
the proud cld Manuel, He prefers the
former, and is wounded. As luck would
have it—here again the hand of the dramatist
is felt fumbling the wires—Julia visite
Ernesto and is hurriedly thrust into an alcove
as the injured husband is carried in by his
brother and nephew. What fellows is
theatric. It cannot be avoided. The door
is opened and the wife stands before her
dying husband, black with guilt in his eyes.

Act III. redeems this rather huddled
dénouement. “The action relapses into
the former natural swing and the ending
is magnificent. Ernesto, strong in his
youthful innocence and indignation, forces
his way into the house of sorrow, confronts
the relatives of Manuel, plucks the woman's
name and his own from slanderous defeat,

 

1

 

! and only when left alone with Julia does he

break down, confesses the truth and pleads
for forgiveness. He loves Julia—the
wretched lying tongues have revealed that;
but it is a pure homage. Yes, he will go
‘away, go away forever—he throws himself
at her feet. A door violently opens. Don
Manuel attracted by the voices, is car-
ried in, dying, his eyes fierce with re-
sentment, his suspicions at last confirmed.
Little heed he pays to hie wife's protes-
tations, to his protégé’s entreaties. He
strikes viciously at the face of his wife
and is borne away to die.

 

One strong situation is when Ernesto
seizes the gossiping uncle and forces him to
apologize to Julia on his face at her feet.
The uncle's time of triumph has arrived.
He denounces the pair, calls them mur-
derers, bids them depart. Then comes
the climax. Overpowered by excitement
Ernesto seizes Julia and cries [I use the
admirable English version of Charles Fred-
erik Nirdlinger, quoted in his “Masques
and Mummers”|:

“You hear, Julia, they cast us out—to-
gether! Their judgment unites us, Come
| with me.”

“Ah, now we have the truth!” cries
8e'ero.

“Yes, now it is as you would have it,”
Ernesto defiantly answers; “never until this

| the Lord taketh,” and all the rest of the ; moment was there a thought of sin between
{ thin phrases—Geert fairly storms at this

us. This woman's soul was pure as the
sunbeams—my heart as clear as the skies.
Julia loved none but Manuel. I was his
loyal friend, ready to serve him to the
death. And that I would swear to the great
Judge before whom Manuel has now gone
to arraign her and me. So, too, It would
; have been to the end. But now! Now
| we are as you would have us—laden with
! guilt, boldinshame. When the life warmth
fled from the body of the murdered Manuel
| it kindled in our hearts the flames of ac-
| cursed passion. Gory it from the windows
' and the housetops—to all your neighbors,
| you and your kind. ‘Yes, we were right—
| 7ane and Ernesto are lovers—they confess
it without blame or blush.’ And when they
ask you who has wrought this—this—
marvel and infamy, you may answer them:
| *You have done it—and I—and that man
' there—and that one—all of us—everywhere.
| We mixed the subtle poison and scattered

aot peptin’ one There are, two it to the winds so that these two might
pensioners who furnish a quaint comedy | breathe it in, to stifle conscience and stain
element, three or four women; two widows, | the soul.’ Yes, the triumph is yours—
one a “lone lorn Mrs. Gummidge” sort, you have done your work well. Come,
the other a jolly, ccarse female animal, | yyjia, they have given you to me—my
who would marry again if she had proofs | sacred love, my eternal life. Henceforth
of her husband’s death. She makes fun | you rest in my arms—they have willed It so
of the other women the night of the great

storm, h-poohs their silly previsions of
ill-luck. “Sings, tells broad jokes and is a
creature transf from life to the boards,
and successfully transferred. The niece
Jo is a highly finished portrait of a hearty,
hard-working girl, rough inspeech, unse!f-
{sh, impulsive, black-eyed and loving. She
Landies jests with the shipowner and she

—and may all-righteous Heaven
between them and us!”

The lovers leave the accursed house as
the curtain quickly falle—Adch:te seit!
as Schopenhauer observed after reading
the first act of “Die Walkire.” High time,
indeed, and I'll be sworn that the life of
the two proves a wretched one. No amount

Judge

 

welcomes home her Geert as if he had been | of self-palliation will ever efface from their
a conqueror instead of a discharged jail- | memories the awful image of the dying
bird. She has trusted him far, forgetting ; husband. A trifle theatric, do you think?
that even if man does keep faith the sea | Not so in action. Granted the rather etiff
may come between lovers. Her nerves ! premisses, and the development of the
finally succumb the night of the storm. | theme is logical. One thing is novel tn this
She confesses al] to her old heart-broken | subtle study of jealousy, novel and emi-
aunt and then goes off in a fit of hysteria. | nently modern, and also a return to the
This act is tense with power. To follow it | classic chorus. It is the making the crowd
with a fourth act spoils a great play. If! the villain in the case, a sort of many-
Heijermars, instead of trying to stuff all | headed Jago. That is a stroke of genius on
kinds of extiareous things into his play, | Echegaray’s part, and it atones for some
thu@ burdening it and retarding its flow, | artificiality in the construction. It is the
had contented himself with his simple | picture conjured up of the mob of the world,
picture of humanity, “The Good Hope” | busy whispering malicious things; of this
would have been a second “Cavalleria | inferna! hum which wrecks the home of
Rusticana.” The Latin author’s art has | Don Manuel and the lives of his wife and
proved finer than the Dutchman's. friend—this idea of an inferna] symphony

Sui "the Good Hope" Gy, nevertheless, | Ore, cera te. Sen Curent withoet the

door of ictims .
profoundly moving, profoundly real. After ana ee a ite SF Plea og

witnessing it! felt ashamed tolooka work- characte
man in the face—labor had beoome racred. | ee pyr eye ea ist ree
1 need hardly add that the sensation soon | "* Seren”
wore away—somehow work of any variety Not knowing the Spanish original, I have
seems superfluous, The brutal conversa- | a notion that Paul Lindau's version is a
tions, the sordid acts, the penetrating | truncated one. It does not seem to tally
odor of fish and fishing nete—Heijermans | with the Fnglish translation, wh.ch was
is a wonderful painter! His earlier play, | heard in this city some years ago exactly
“The Ghetto,” is a picture of another | seven times, thanks to the Criterion Inde-
pendent Theatre. Seven times! Seven

species of existence. It is in three acts
and depicts life in the Amsterdam Jewish | times for a dramatio masterpiece! Isn't
it ridiculous? Or is it sad? Every season

quarter and the ba between the or-

thodox Hebrew ani the modern Christian. | we are pelted by decayed dramatic vege-

Vivid and puissant are the words pro- | tabies from Paris or dried fruit from Lonsdon,

nounced by the critic Morel on this ! while great plays go begging fora man-

work. *The Ghetto” has been adapted | ager. Are there really no art loving theatre-

for the French stage with a different ending | goers in New York? I'll not believe there
|

 

tacked cn by the adapters, Jacques Lemaire | are until I see two dramas as rich ;
and J. Schirmann. Heijermans has aiso ' manity as “The Good Hope” ia Gu.
woe a eanyunee piece entitled “Ophoop | e@otto” successfully produced in an English
an Zegen. he French oritios did not | speaking playhouse! JAMES HUNEKER.
aden ie es ner first played P
y Antoine an company (Antoine Cradle That Cost Paris 060,
himself took the minor réle of a Dutch From the Westminster haces, :
coast guard) in December, 1902—for the} An interesting gift Just presented to the Musée
reasca that a much stronger play on a | Carnsvales ts the oracte Of the Prinee Imperial. The
similar bject cradle was the t of the olty of Paris .
su ject had preceded it, entitled press Eugenie in 1886. Designed hg inet no

“La Mer,” by Jean Jullien. bt taeweGh, at Wits Hs Canes Ot Ge An

eer the
From the hed oe prow figures the imperial eagle, and at the

etern rises an allegorica] statuette in sil repre.
Hotland to the blazing streets of Madrid; sentthe the city of Parte, and holding alon a crown
from “The Good Hope” to “E) Gran

from which the curtains hang. No fewer than
Galeotto!” At the Irving Place Theatre

 

three artists collaborated in the construction of
the cradle, which cost the city of Paris 160,000 frances.

rer
THE SU

a ce
i

——————$
See eee

N. SUNDAY,

   
   

 
 
 
 

MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Now that the season Is almost at an end

 

oa
5
H 20,

  

THIS WEEK'S TABATRE BILLS.

 

it may be permissible to call attention to | ww rzanp OF OZ” RETURNING TO

a nuisance which has been steadily growing

in the halls devoted to the performance of*

musical works, The ushers are su

to bend their energies to maintaining silence | Irving

while the musio is in progress, and for many
years it has been a law of all places of con-
cert enterprise that people shall not be
shown to their seats while the performance
is going on.

Little by little the ushers have fallen into
acondition of exceeding carelessness in re-
gard to this matter. At Carnegie Hall there
is a ceaseless contest between ushers and
conductors. When the latter oP for the
orchestra to come to attention the ushers
begin a series of swift rushes down the aisles
to get a few more people to their seats.

@ conductors naturally think that the
ushers should cease seating people before
the music ins. The u ere Barts
believe that they are not to stop till after
it begins, and they never do, The first half
dozen measures of every work are spoiled
by the pounding of feet'in the aisles.

|

THE MAJESTIC.

 

in Harlem — Charles Grapewin
Bringing a New Musical Farce, to
Fourteenth Street—Last Days of Many
Shows — Good Things in Vaudeville.

Theatregcera will have to depend this
week largely on the attractions which have
proved their merit, rather than seek for
many new ones. It is a fact, however,
that not at any time this seascn bas there

| been so large a number cf popular plays

established in the theatres as at present. |

 

In the fcllowing week there are scheduled
several producti rs cf imp: riance in theatre
land, Not the least notablo cf these is A.
M. Palmer's all-s'ar revival cf “The Two
Orphans” at the New Amsterdam, Another
interes ing revival will be Charles Freh-

At Mendelesohn Hall the nuisance has | man’a presentation cf “David Harum,”
grown to even worse proportions, and quiet | \i1} William H. Crane as the star,on Ue

Guartet performances and piano

are continually interrupted by the rattling
of seats and the PuaeLng of silks, A stern
adherence to the rvle 6

reosye who are in their seats when the music
begins have rene which no one should bi

permitted to disturb, Only a determined
stand on the part of these people will secure
attention to the rule.

Edward Elgar, whose “Apostles” is to be
repeated here on Thursday night, has just
had a three days festiva) of his music in
London. The King and Queen attended
the opening performance, at which “The
Dream of Gerontius” was presented.

 

Longmans, Green & Co. have just pub-
lished a most interesting and valuable
musical work. It is entitled “Pianoforte
Tone Production,” and is by Tobias Mat-
thay, professor in the Royal Academy of
Music, London. It is an exhaustive inquiry
into the nature of the connection between
the mechanical action of the fingers and the
operation of the mechanism of the piano
in piocucng musica] tones, both singly
and in combination in phrases and chords.
In plan the book is extremely clear, and it
is written in a common sense fashion which
is sure to commend it to teachers and stu-
dents of the art of piano playing.

Joseph 8. Tunison has been at it again.
Those who bave read his unique book on
Master Virgil know that he has stored up
in his head a wonderful stock of uncommon
and recondite information, Now he has
poured a lot of it into a little volume called
“The Graal Problem,” which has just been
published by the Robert Clarke Company
of Cincinnati. Mr. Tunison has traced the
myth of the Holy Grail from the time of
Walter Map to Richard Wagner. He has
shown the reno and politica] influences
which guided the formation of the medieval
tales, and he has shown how those tales were
developed by later writers, and adapted to
the glorification of a new King My ‘enny-
k is cked with learning.

 

son. The
“Parsifal” devot ess will find here something
quite to their edification.

 

Talking of learning, what is to be done
with the programme books of the Boston
Symphony Orchestra? The amount of
information which the eage of the St.
Botolph Club, Philip Hale, puts into them,
is something to make a Brahmin marvel.
These books ought to be carefully indexed
and put in every public library in the land.

Does a new composition appear? ,
Hale gives the list of all the compositions
that have ever been written on that eubject.
Does a soloist play or sing? Lo, there is
his biography. Does a composition refer
toa arty work? Mr. Hale tells you al
about the literary work, and all about its
author, and all about the historical epoch
of it, and all about all other literary wor
of the same topic.

Does this literary work mention an ob-
acute permeenee mene court are for.

otten mtate of a penny principalit
Sir, Hale 4 6 his wicks Fecare to light
and lays it before you in the deadly emall
type of a foot note. And all this mass o
information has no other index than the titles
of the compositions given in the bound
volumes which the masculine Scheherazade
of Boston, F. R. Comee, binds and kee
at ee end of the season. It's positively
wi ‘

SUN SPOT EDITOR QUITS.

Henry C. Matne of Rochester Is to Turn
From Editorials to Tree Planting.

Rocuester, N. Y., March 19.—Henry
C. Maine, the famous “sun spot” editor of
the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle,
is about to retire. For more than a quarter
of a century Mr. Maine has been on the
editorial staff of that paper, and for that
length of time he has been engaged in prove
ing scientifically, not like Brother Jasper,
that the sun do move, but that it exerts
a direct and powerful! influence upon the
earth's meteorological conditions. As
associate editor of the Democrat he wrote
upon many topics, but sun spots were his
hobby.

He was superintending the removal
from his late quarters of his belongings,
all but a huge magnetic needle which he
had presented to Rochester Uriversity
and which was marked “to be called for.”

“Yea,” be said, “I bought a telescope
and began observing the sun in 1878. I
began observing and studying sun spots in
1878, but it was not until 1880 and 1881 that

1 began to apply the results of my observ-
ations in a Mall defined way to an ex-
ion of weather conditions. In the

 

|

e |

stage cf the Academy cf Music. New pla: 6
fcr the week fc] wing this, are Richard

ould be enforced. | Harding Davis’s farce “The Dictator,” in

which William Ccllier {s to appear at the
Criterion;and “Saucy Sally,” by T. C. Bur-
nand, eaiter of Punch, with which Charles
Hawtrey will occupy the New Lyceum.

To-mcrrow anew star and a new musical
farce will be seen at the Fourteenth Street
Theatre, when Charley Grapewin, the
ccmedian, will appear in “The Awakening
cf Mr. Pipp.” It tells cf a man whose dal-
liance in primrose paths leads him to Drré’s
Café, a rescrt well known to the theatrical
set, where mirth and music almest suc-
ceed in making him forget that he is aiming
at alcerge fcrtune. And the next day Mr.
Pipp s\ ffars the consequences of his fun.
The etcry teaches that scbriety is at ell
times the beter life. Mr. Grapewin is
assisted by Anna Chance, Nellie Beau-
mcnt, May Chil’s, Beatrice Ray, Anna L.
Travis, A. W. Maddox, Fred Wayne, A. C.
Clarke and a large chorus.

 

In all the recent stage fun there have
not been two quainter characters than
the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman, Their
friends are legicn and to-mcrrow they
come back to the Mafestic Theatre, the
scene cf their early triumph in “The Wizard
cf Oz.” It is the general opinion ameng
thcse who have seen them recently that
Mcntgomery and Stone are improved by
their sjourn on the read. Mr. Stone has
picked up new physical twists and
oddities cf manner and Mr. Montgomery's
“Must You” scng, like gcod wine, is the
better with age. There are new acngs
in this second edition of “The Wizard.”
Some of them are “The Tale of the Casso-
wary,” “Oh, It was Beautiful,” *Jchnny
Morgan,” “What 'd I Dc ?” “What a Silly,”
an English ballad, “I'll never Love Another
Like I Love You,” and “The Sweetest Girl
in Dixie,” by O'Dea and Adams. Mr. Stcne
has a killing new song in Itallan dialect,
entitled “Gooda by, Fedcera,” and Lotta
Faust will sing a new version of “Sammy.”

 

William Gillette begins the last two weeks
of his successful engagement at the New
Lyceum Theatre. When he finishes there
on April 2, he will have appeared in J. M.
Barrie's delightful comedy, “The Admirable
Crichton,” for more than five months and
always to crowded house. All the play-
goers who have seen Mr. Gillette as the
wonderfully resourceful butler, who is the
hero of the comedy, have been more than
delighted with his work. The remaining
rformanoes are few, none too many for
the New Yorkers who have not yet seen Mr.
Gillette in his present réle.

 

The audiences attracted to the Hudson
Theatre by Henry Miller in the new comedy,
“Man Proposes,” are both large and en-
thusiastic. Mr. Miller is eminently at home
as the heroic lover; and in “Man Prosposes”
he hasa typical rdéle of this kind. The hero
of Mr. Denny’s comedy makes unusual sac-
rifices, going even to the extent of. per-
mitting an erring younger brother to have
the girl he loves;and he is left in a number
of interesting situations before the girl is
returned to him, and the story ends as
happily as a popular comedy demands.

_—

The success of Edith Wynne Matthison
and Ben Greet in the Elizabethan pro-
duction of *As You Like It” has caused
thir retention for still another week at
Daly's. One of the warmest admirers of
the company’s work has been Andrew
Carnegie, who has written a letter in which
he says: “I have not seen such acting
except in France, and now/and then in
London, It is the art which conceals art,
Mr. Greet’s Jaques is the best Jaques I
have ever seen, ard I haveseen many. The
two leading ladies are .unusually fine.”

It was intended to present “Shs Stoops
to Conquer” this week, but that has been
postponed for the present, “Everyman”
is being given at Tuesday, Thursday and
Friday matiné2s,

oo

“The Other Girl” is still playing to capacity

ast named years the spots on the solar | audiences at the New Empire Theatre.

surface showed a remarkable increase,
and the um was reached between
that period and 1885. I photographed the
sun each day, when visible, in all those years,
After that the spots decrassed, and as I had
sufficient data fcr ay Sect y I did not take

any more photograp

#1 began to take up the etudy of sun
8 through the report of a lecture by

lfour Stewart, director of Kew Observ-
atory, in En d. He advanced the idea
that all metecrological phenomena—mag-
netic and otherwise--were greatly inten-
sified by the influence of sun spots. He
did not go much further than that, how-
ever.

“I went further. I was the first to make
use of sun spots for daily weather pre-
dictions and the sorncesting Gf storms.”

For years he has issued his predictions
in the paper for periods covering twenty-
five days. That is the period of solar dis-
turbance by the sun's rotation as nearly as
{t can be fixed, in hisopinion, He was asked
what percentage of verification he claimed
for his weather predictious.

“I make no claims,” said the editor-
prophet, “but friends who have watched
hem have asserted that the average is as
high es 00 per cent. Mr. White, the former
United States weather observer in Roch-
ester, stated that the percentage was 60
or 70. Engineers in this city in prosecuting
sewer and other outdoor work have gone
8 SECO Ae ce with these predictions, they

me.

“Has your theory found acceptance

elsewhere?” ‘
_ *It made headway rapidly in Europe,
especially in Paris. ne 6Rev, Father
eae oe fay, tol ie Pte prem in
e city whom he foun ng pre-
dictions by thie mot r di

“What progress has it made in this coun-

try?”

Prof. Willis L. Moors, the head of the
United States Weather Bureau, in his last
annual tport petioaliy accepis the
theory. te that it is necessary
to abandon conventional ideas concoern-
ing the origin of storms, and that their
princi Pad soerne of influence is the sun.”
ocrat and
rks

fon of trees
Forestry is one

post
of public
in Rochester. will have ee
Bier dace
6 6 ; c
these

|

Some people expect to see it duplicate
the record of Augustus Thomas's other
comedy, “The Earl of Pawtucket,” last year.
It is a presentation of good wholesome
New York fun, which is highly appreciated
and admirably acted by an expensive cast.

“The Girl from Kay's” will have a cele-
bration on Wednesday evening, when it
reaches its 150th performance in New York
at the Herald Square Theatre. Handsome
souvenirs, which will be worth securing, will
be given and several novelties will be added
to the entertainment. It is the policy of
the management to keep the milliner's
assistant charming to her admirers by pre-
senting each week something new. One
of the novelties this week will be a medley
which will combine all the song hits of the
comedy. This has been arranged by
Maurice Levi and will first be heard on
Wednesday evening. Sam Bernard will
then have new verses for his song, *Suf-
ficiency.”

 

Richard Mansfield will devote his last
week at the New Amsterdam Theatre to
répertoire. On Monday evening he will be
seen for the first time this season in “A
Parisian Romance,” and Miss Edith Barker
and Miss Isabel Waldron will make their
dé out with him, the former as Marcelle and
the latter as Mme. de Targy. Ida Con-
quest will play Rosa Guerin. Theplay will
be repeated on Thureday evening, and
Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday evenings
will see the final performances at this theatre
of “Ivan the Terrible.” On Saturday after-
noon, “Old Heidelberg” will be given and
ager night “Dr, Jekyll and Mr.

e,.”

The Century players are continuing their
production of “Much Ado About Nothing”
at the Princess, Two other plays are in
rehearsal, one a new comedy of American
society by Cleveland Moffett, the other
Tbeen's, “Rosmersholm.” The latter will

 

 

be produced on Friday
two performances on Saturday.

The Harlem Opera House has secured
Henry Irving for this week. , It is his last
in this country this season and he will pre-
sent four of the most interesting plays in
his répertoire. To-morrow night he will

in “The Merchant of Venice;” on
Tuesday and Thursday evenings, he will
play “Waterloo” and “The Bells,” and on
Wednesday and Friday evenings “Louis
XI." At the Wednesday matinés he will
repeat his representation of Shylog’. It
is an interesting coincidence, as well as a
commentary on the growing popularity of
this theatre, that Richard Mansfield will
fojjow Sir Henry there.

 

special Ibsen matinée has been arranged

will be “An Enemy of the People,”
Wilton Lackaye as Dr. Stockman, A pro-
fessional matinée will be given at the Lyrio
on Tuesday week, for which invitations will
be issued to notabilities in theatreland.

 

“The Ruling Power,” in which Katherine
Kennedy made a successful début as a star
at the Garrick Theatre last Monday, has
been cut in many places and is now & more
satisfactory vehicle than it was on the

opening night.

This is Kyrle Bellew’s last week in “ Raffies,
the Amateur Cracksman” at the Savoy.
It is seldom that a piece is taken off the stage
when it is playing so profitably but Mr.
Bellew is needed for the “all star” cast of
“The Two Orphans.”

Lent has made no difference in the size
of the audiences at the Belasco Theatre,
where “Sweet Kitty Bellairs” is being played,
with Henrietta Crosman as the star.
Out-of-town residents have asked for an
extra mid-week matinée during the Easter
holidays and it has been decided to give
one on Thuraday, April 7.

Forbes Robertson and Gertrude Elliott
will keep “Hamlet” at the Knickerbocker
Theatre for two weeks longer. Their pres-
entation of this classic has created wide
interest and will continue to be thelr bill
for the rest of the engagement.

Eleanor Robson has only two weeks more
at the Criterion Theatre. Then she moves
to the Garrick, where she will finish out
her firat season in Israe! Zangwill’s “Merely
Mary Ann.” Interest in her play nas in no

measure abated.

“The Yankee Consul” is likely to stay
at the Broadway for some time longer.
To-morrow night begins its second month
and its attractivgness shows no sign of
diminution.

The other George Adecomedy, “The County
Chairman,” will have its 160th performance
here on Tuesday at Wallack’s. As a rib
tickler it is dangerous to fat men.

Themanagement of the Manhattan Theatre
announces that “The Virginian” has been
geen by nearly 60,000 persons 80 far in Lent.
An autograph portrait of Dvstin Farnum
as the cowboy hero is given to each woman
at the matinée and Mr. Farnum is getting
tired both of signing his name and of being

photographed.

“In Old Kentutky,” what ts perhaps the
gecond most popular Southern drama ever
written, comes to the West End Theatre to-
morrow for a week. Miss Bessie Barriscale
plays the mountain heroine, and the cast in-
cludes J. W. Cope, George Deyo, Otis Turner,
George Heath, Estelle Dale, May Ander-
son and a large pickgninny contingent.

The last two weeks of “Out of the Fold”
begin to-morrow at the American. The
realistic snowstorm, the fight in the moon-
light and the barnyard scene continue to
be stinanaye features of this newest rural
play.

The original “Chinese Honeymoon” com-
pany is keeping the interest in thie long
lived musical comedy alive at the Academy
of Music performances. There have peen
few productions of this character which
have maintained their initial success for
two years as has this.

 

 

 

 

 

The 100th performance of “Candida” at
the Vaudeville will be celebrated next
Friday night, and the play is still filling
the little tre.

“The Ninety and Nine,” with a strong
company, will play a week’s engagement

 

At the Murray Hill this week the Don-
nelly stock company will revive. “The
Charity Ball,” one of the early plays of
David Belasco, in which he oollabora’
with Henry C. De le.

Two of Herr Conried’s stars will appear
together at the Irving Place Theatre on
Wednesday evening, when Herr Ferdinand
Bonn and Herr Rudolf Christians will be
seen in “Zapfenstreich” (“Tattoo”), a new
military play which recently fell under the
ban of the military authorities in Germany.
This is the dramain which a young Lieu-
tenant betrays the confidence of his friend,
the Sergeant-Major, whose daughter he
seduces. The father cannot get satisfaction,
for he does not hold a commission, so there
is nothing left to him but toshoot his daugh-
ter to wipe out the stain upon his family.
On Mcnday and Tuesday nights Herr
Christians will appear as Don Carlos in
Schiller'’s drama.

——

 

i
i
NS
0 oe SSS
—
i :

There are good bills at all of the four
Proctor theatres. Lederer’s “Sally in Our
Alley” with Dan McAvoy in it is being
kept on for another week at Proctor’s
Twenty-third Street, with many new at-
arecneee o back me ty and Mrs. Gene

es will make the ce

a. sketch by Charles Horwits, entitled

Matrimonial Substitute,” J. K. Emmet,

| assisted by Miss Anna Mortland, presente
| a new farce by Miss Florence Gerald c.

| *A South ota Divorce.” Julian Rend

has parodies on the latest songs, and Ida

Van Siclen and J. Royer West a in
a new musical specialty, in which the
furnishings of a gymnasium are utilized

There is a clever performance upon the

Spanish rings, and El Nino Eddie, a rope

dancer, ‘orms { feats in his line.

“The Lost Paradiss,” an adaptation from
the German, is at the Fifth Avenne, with

a erous vaudeville bill as well.
| t the Fiftv-eighth Street house George

Sidney and his company present a second
| edition of “Busy Izzy,” with new songs

and dances.

In 125th Street Justin Hurtly McCar-
thy's “Ships That Pass in the Nig'it” is the
week's attraction.

There will be Sunday concerts at all the
Proctor theatres.

For the first time in two years Digby
Bell will be seen in New York next week
aoe in an original monologue, He

share honors with Cress
Will H. Cressy ie the Benspan anerneeent
vaudoville. He will play in “The New Sta-
tion,” a charming interlude, with a new

and 4 riate stage setting, O
the DAY will be the Holloway Pioees
an

crhoe!

in
“A

J e ¥ Barry
ohnny Jones”; Arth

r, the cyclist; Rests and Belle Dolan;
Rastus and Banks, Wynne Winslow, Elsie
Bernard, Tsuda, Japanese acrobat; ‘Harry

'
'

|

W
Katherine
ted
ell
be
: Harry

a
= —__—

and replaed at the B. Lester, comedian and mimlo; and thy

Two Ashtons, club swingers.

 

A notable anniversary in vaudeville on
Tuesday is the beginning of the fortieth
consecutive year of Tony Pastor as a New
York manager. It. is jrst thirty-nine
years ago that Mr. Pastor atarted with hig
Spee Atey, OURDaAY, which afterward settled
at 201 Bowery, in the first variety theatre
catering to women as well as men patrons,
Since then vaudeville has made great
strides and Mr. Pastor has kept in the van
always. His pomneny for this week in.
cludes O'Brien avel, Martinetti &
Grossi, Katie and Edward Lovitt, Herbert
Lloyd, the talkative Miss Norton, Mitchell
and Marron, Mooney and Halbien, Clark
and Florette, the Holdsworths and many
others.

ee

The most interesting feature {n the bm

Wilton Lackaye and.“The Pit” continue | at the Victoria will be the American début
to draw well at the Lyrio Theatre. A of Paul Spadine, known as the ‘Juggler

Sensational.” Among the other twelve

at this theatre for Easter week, The play | notable vaudeville performers at the
with | theatre for the wee's are Ethel Levy, the

famous Rossow midgets, Haines and
Vidocq, Pat Rooney and Emma Francis,
Harry Gilfoil, the Australian four Lukens,
Mile. Emmy ‘and her pets, the Empire City
ere ood Bros. and Charles Rossow,
miniature female impersonator.

The. wonderfully trained Riccobono's
horses, including the “good-night” horse,
are at home at the Circle Theatre this week.
Also visiting there are the Ra is
Siberian dancers; Thomas J.B an aie Mary
Richfield in a comedy sketch, Stetson,
late of the Weberfield forces; Charlie
Case, the man who talks about hie father;
Hal Stephens. in imitation of actors; Raw-
son and June, the Australian boomerang
throwers, and Mildred Grover and “Picks.

Hurtig & Seamon are to havea vaudeville
jubilee carnival this week. In their bill are

included Miss Mabel McKinley, who will
sing many of her own compositions, includ-

 

 

ing “Anona,” the Indian Cone, nen has
become popular; Genaro and ley, in an
amveing comedy skit; Canfield and Carlton,

in “The Hoodoo"; the four Nightons, gym-

nasts; Jack Norworth, monologist; Louise

a in coon songs, and Avon Comedy
‘our.

The theatres at which attractive Sun-
day concerts are promised are the Amer-
ican, the Circle, the Grand Opera House,
Hammerstein's Victoria, the West End,
the Harlem Opera House, Hurtig & Sea-
mon’s music hall, the New Star, the Dewey,
the Gotham, the Metropolis, Huber*s Mu-
seum and the Eden Musée.

Andrew Mack wil] hold the stage at the
Metropolis, playing “An Lrish Gentleman.”

The New Star has Theodore Kremer’s

latest melodrama, “A Desperate Chance,”
which he based upon the career of the
notorious Biddle brothers.

“Born In the Blood,” a comedy drama,
begins an engagement at the Third Avenue
to-morrow. It is supposed te show that
the child must atone for the father’s eins.

The Tiger Lilies Burlesque Company
will bloom at the Gotham all week.

 

 

 

 

 

burlesquers, and a
laneous e

 

A new group, illustrative of the Spanish
Inquisition, has been added to the Cham-
ber of Horrors at the Eden Musée. At the

efeernoce and aves concerts, Powell
8 Magician Rusalan war
pictures are the principal at attractions.

Huber’s Museum will show this week a
troupe of Cingalese dancers, and Mme.
Meyers, the bearded with her hirsute
nee , in addition to last week’s attrac-

To-night in Carnegie Hall Burton Holme

is to lecture on “Peking and the Forbidden
City," which he visited just after the slem
3

A

“Alaska” will
on Thuraday

li

To-night Henry Ellsworth will repeai
his illustrated lecture on “Oberammer-
gau, Its People and Its Play,” at the Majes-
tic Theatre.

The Brookiyn Theatres.

A new theatre, the Broadway, opens
ite doors in Brooklyn te-morrow. For the
“Babes in Toyland ee t
. .” one greatest
triumphs of the New Yerk season, fresh
from the Majestic Theatre.

The Shakespearian which Ada
Rehan and Otis Skinner take to the Am-
phion Theatre has won great praise for
them. Besides “The Merchant of Venice”
and “The Taming of the Shrew,” Mies Rehan
and Mr. Skinner will play ‘Sheridan's
“School for Scandal.” The SoERPRAy eve”

 

 

at the Grand ra House. O. J. Ashman rting them Includes:

and Marion ou head the cast, playin win Varrey, Walter Hale, Charles Welles
the parts originated by Edwin en an: : a
Katherine Grey. Joseph Weaver, Cra slore, ceorcen

Johnstone, Walter Wr,
Everts and Kate Fletcher.

 

“Nancy Brown” comes to the Montauk
this week. Several old members of the;
Bostonians are in the cast. One of the new
players in it is Donah Benrimo, and one
of the hits is the duet“A Littla Birdie Told
™ So,” sung by Clara Palmer and Roy

well. .

The Orpheum has a notable bill with
Louise Gunning heading It. Miss Gun-
ning ts a Brooklyn girl and became the Ore
pheum’s prima donna before she went
to the De Wolf Hopper Opera Company.
Ned Wayburn's Minstrel Misses, the Haw-
thorne Sisters, Goolman's cate and dogs,
Shean and Warren, Bert Howard and
Leona Bland and Stuart Barnes are alse :

 

among the week's newcomers.

 

The Spooner stock company is to play
*The Princess of Patches,” a favorite
Southern melodrama dealing with the ad-
ventures of a child who was kidnapped
by an octoroon elave and brought up to
lie and steal, but comes to her own in the
ing run. Miss Cecil Spooner has the title
role.

“The James Boys in Missouri” comes to
the Park Theatre. The setting for the Blue
scene is eald to be the
largest piece of scenery ever built.
capable company presents the play.

Two one-act travesties, “The Rise and
Fall of O'Reilly” and “The False Alarm®
given at the Star Theatre

Bryant's burlesquers. There ts
vaudeville to vary these.

Chauncey Olcott is to appear at the Grand
Opera House, where his tenor vioce {s al-
ways welcomed. He plays “Terence,”
Trish gentleman turned coach driver, oa
has an excellent company to support him.

Sis Hopkins, known tn private Tfe as
Miss Rose Melville, is the star of the week
at the Folly, in the bright musical play with
that title.

The dramatic version of °
Aa Tae “The oa ca been th

re. o
nue ed end Etta Reed Payton, who is toe
view the performance from

 

Cut train robbe

 

are to

 

it
7é

3

7

box.

“The Smart Bet" fis announced as the
attraction at the Columbia.

“When Women Love” will be seen at the
ham.

to play, will

"
rt