Fg

ch cebeiniomemediage eon ao eee ee

Se ees

~

en oS eee Oe

=

i
7
i

 

 

 

ENGLAND'S PACT WITH FRANCE

DISPLEASES RUSSIA AND GER-
MANY, BUT JAPAN IS GLAD.

 

Great Britain Gives Up Her Morocco
Claims and Other Privileges to France,
but Gains In Weakening Franco-
Russian Feelings of Close Alliance,

Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THE Sun.

Lonpon, March 19.—The most important
development of the week bearing upon the
general! political situation is the announce-
ment of a pending settlement of the princi-
pal outstanding questions between Creat
Britain and France.

This news, significantly enough, causes
scarcely concealed annoyance and dis-
appointment in Berlin and is regarded, of
course, in St, Petersburg as akin to dis-
loyalty on the part of Russia’sally. Japan,
on the contrary, looks with satisfaction,
instead of irritation, on the important
move, which strongly tends to limit the Far
Eastern war to the present belligerent.

Regarding the terms of this Franco-
British settlement, it must be said that, so
far as is known, the balance of gain is dis-
tinetly on the French side in tangible re-
sults. On the other hand, if the British
concessions be regarded as the price paid
for weakening the Franco-Russian at-
tachment, then it may prove in the end a
bargain most advantageous for England.

The most important British concession
is the transfer to I'rance of paramountcy
in Morocco. This is not news at all; it was
first published in THe SUN as long ago
as September last. It was THE Sun's
announcement, made long before the con-
tracting parties desired the news to be-
come public, which upset the French plane
of taking possession of that kingdom.

It was in connection with this that M.
Delcassé, Minister of Foreign Affairs, in-
vented the new diplomatic phrase “pactfie
penetration,” which is now reemployed
to describe the French policy. It may
be prophesied safely that when France
attempts to carry it into effect there will
be plenty of guns and bayonets to be used
in the same fashion as when Great Britain
* pacified” South Africa,

An English protectorate over Morocco,
even similar to that of Egypt, would not
be resisted seriously by the natives. France,
on the contrary, is detested in the country,
and she can dominate it only by an over-
whelming force of arms. England at-
taches one condition to the resignation
of her Moroccan interests, namely, that no
fortifications shall be erected on the coast
opposite Gibraltar.

France will virtually recognize England's
position in Egypt, including the Nile, but
she retains her financial and other local
interests. Great Britain accords to France
very liberal treatment in exchange for her
Newfoundland shore rights. ‘There is a
cash compensation, the amount of which
has not been announced, and in addition
France will receive part of the English
serricvory of Sinder, which will enable French
military convoys to proceed from the Niger
to Lake Chad. Hitherto these convoys
have been obliged to cross a waterless
desert, which can only be done during
ene month of the year.

[tis a mistake to assert that all outstand-
ing questions have been settled by the
proposed convention, There remain rmat-
ters in connection with the New Hebrides,
Zanzibar, Muscat, &c. None of these is
really serious, and it may be said in general
terms that the Anglo-French relations
were never so genuinely friendly in modern
times as at the present moment.

Nor would the existing rapprochement
be seriously disturbed by the overthrow
of the Combes Government and the assign-
ment of the Foreign portfolio to that other
elever diplomat, M. Hanotaux. ‘The latter
bas recently given expression to views
quite in accord with M. Delcassé’s policy
toward Great Britain.

The most encouraging feature of the
situation, as intimated already,is Germany 8
discomfiture over these developments. Her
plans for gaining great advantages at no
cost out of the present imbroglio between
Japan and Russia are undoubtedly upset.
As for any desperate attempt by Huesia,
in the event of her fortunes in the Far Kast
continuing disastrous, to drag in France
and Cireat Britain, it is safe to say that the
understanding behind the new Anglo-
French agreement would render this difficult,
if not impossible, Russia, in the emergency
suggested, must resort to some other diver-
sion or go on with the struggle to an in-
definite end.

LOST SUBMARINE FOUND.

 

Preparations to Raise the AI-—Little Hope
for Any of the Crew.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

PorTsMOUTH, March 19.—After an all-
night search the hull of the British sub-
marine torpedo boat Al, which was run
down and sunk with all hands yesterday
afternoon by the steamship Berwick Castle,
was found off the Nab lightship this morning.

When the A1 was found she lay on the
hottom in fifteen fathoms of water. All
the necessary appliances for raising her
were on the spot, but the work of bringing
the boat to the surface had to be postponed
till low tide on account of the strength of
the current.

It was said that there would be little
chance of raising the sunken vessel until
to-morrow, as the divers were unable to
reach her in her present position. It is
believed that the water entered the con-
ning tower, and hope of the survival of
any of the men on board has been aban-
doned.

There was little hope from the first of
finding any of the crew alive, although the
vessel had enough air stored in her tanks
to sustain life on board for three days,
provided her hull remained intact and she
was riot overturned by the collision

Search was vigorously prosecuted ali
night with dragnets. A small fleet of ships
was engaged in the effort to locate the
sunkerr craft. Every ship used a search-
light, and the sea was lighted up over a wide
radius,

To say that the disaster has caused terror
among the men employed on the other sub-
marine torpedo boats would be using a mild
term,

The divers who went down to examine
the submarine boat report that she has a
hole in her side. The boat is lying on her
port side and is full of water. The crew
is unquestionably dead. The divers were
unable to enter the hull. They tapped
the sides but received no answering sig-
nals.

Hawserk were placed underneath and
the vessel was raised somewhat between
lighters, but not enough to allow of her
being towed into the harbor.

The official announcement of the dis-
asier says the steamer Berwick Castle
probably struck the submarine vessel
when she was fully submerged on the
starboard side, near the stern, or on the
conning tower, It is expected that the
Al will be towed to a sheltered position
some time during the night.

King Edward and the Prince of Wales
have sent messages of sympathy to the
relatives of the officers and men of the
etew,

 

 

FRANCE’S WAR ON CATHOLICS.

Safe Majority, Chiefy From the Coontry,
for Suppreasing Sectarian Fducation.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Parts, March 19.—The week's debates
and votes in the Chamber of Deputies
made it clear that the Combes Government
possesses genuine popular support in its
policy of the suppression of religious edu-
cational institutions, The majority in favor
of the general principle of the bill was 87.

An analysis of the vote reveals the inter-
esting point that the greatest atrength of
the measure is in the provinces, Paris
being quite unrepresentative in this respect.
This revelation signifies that the Govern-
ment’s position is much stronger than
was supposed.

It had been imagined that the chief
strength of the anti-religious education
movement was due to declining religious
convictions among the urban population,
but the contrary proves to tbe the fact.
The opposition to the bill has been directed
to securing an extension of the time when
it shall come into full operation—from five
to ten years. This has been accomplished
by a majority of 11, on the plea that the
communes cannot afford the necessary
expenditures for the establishment of new
State schools in less time.

The fact that by the present drastic
action the French people sacrifice fixed
principles of religious liberty and of equal-
ity In civic rights does not seem to affect
the popular mind. The Government is de-
termined at any cost to put a stop to edu-
cation in France by monks and nuns

QUEEN HATSHEPSU'S TOMB.

Theodore M. Davis Makes an Important
Discovery in Egyptology.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, March 19.—The Times has a
description of the discovery, “thanks to
the lavish expenditure and American
tenacity of Theodore M. Davis,” of an im-
portant tomb in the neighborhood of that
of King Thotmes [V. of the eighteenth
dynasty, which was found in 1903 at
Thebes.

Mr. Davia has discovered the tomb of
the famous Queen Hatshepsu, the builder
of the beautiful temple of Der-el-Bahari.
It consists for the most part of a corridor
sloping downward into the heart of a lime-
stone mountain, After reaching three
chambers, in spite of enormous difficulties,
the burial chamber was found. Here are
two earcophagi of hard standstones, pol-
ished like copper, covered with beautifully
formed hieroglyphics, which say that
one contained the mummy of Hatshepsu
and her father, Thotmes I.

The lids of the sarcophagi lie on the floor.
The sarcophagi are empty. Hatshepsu's
mummy may be found in one of the un-
explored side passages of the tombs, where,
perhaps, it was deposited for the sake of
safety in time of danger. The chamber
is from forty to fifty leet long. There are
several side chambers which are still filled
with fallen rock and rubbish, but it can be
geen that they, as well as the chamber
itself, are panelled with painted blocks
of tine limestone,

POPE WOULDN'T YIELD.
Effort Failed to Get Him to Suspend His
Attack on France’s Church Policy.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

RomME, March 19.--With reference to the
Pope's address to the Cardinals yesterday,
in which he deplored the rigorous policy
of France toward the Church and pro-
nounced it contrary to the ideas of liberty
and the inherent righta of the Church and
against the lawe of civilization, an ecclesi-
astical dignitary declared to-day that the
Pope's words were fully considered before-
hand. M. Nisard, the French Ambassador
to the Vatican, vainly tried to persuade
Cardinal Merry del Val, the Papal Secretary
of State, to suspend the publication of the
Pope's allocution; but the Pope was deter-
mined to act, especially because he had
trustworthy information that the Combes
Cabinet is tottering.

 

 

 

 

LONDON REALTY DEPRESSED.

hot One Bid at Auetion for Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman’s Town House.
Spectal Cable Despatch (o Tas Sun.

LONDON, March 10. -Sir Henry Campbell-
Banuerman's town house in Grosvenor
Place, which was offered at auction in
the present week, failed to produce a single
bid. The house is of the palatial kind.
It has forty rooms and overlooks the grounds
of Buckingham Palace. It is said to con-
tain some of the finest chimney pieces
in London,

The auctioneer, in withdrawing it said
it would be sold at private terms. Owing
to the depression of the real estate market,
this has been the fate of at least two-thirds
of the property in the West End which
has been offered at auction recently.

HONDURAS'’S EXTERNAL DEBT.
Speolal Representative Fatis to Sell Con-
cesstons in London to Provide for It.
Special Cable Despatch to Var Sun.

LonDdonx, March 19.—Angel Ugarte, the
Honduras in

 

special representative of
London, who has been here to settle
the external debt of that country, has

failed to make an arrangement with its
creditors. He will leave for New York
next month with the object of forming the
Honduras Development Company.

Mr. Ugarte holds Government concessions
for mines, lands and railroads in which the
Government is anxious to obtain invest-
ment. He says that already $8,000,000
has Veen offered for them in New York.

UP 2,000 OLD COINS.

Laborer Makes Valuable
covery in a Village.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun

Paris, March 19.—An old man who was
digging ina garden of a home for the aged
in the village of Nanterre discovered an
antique vase decorated with paintings
containing 2,000 gold coins of the Gallo-Ro-
man period. The treasure was sent to
the police. ;

It will probably be added to the collection
at the Louvre and its value divided among
the inmates of the homes in the depart ment
where it was found,

DYNAMITE IMPORTER FINED.

 

DUG

French Dis

The Man Who Took Eighteen Pounds of It
to England In His Trunk Must Pay 650.

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sux.

LIVERPOOL, March 19.—Ivan Liubanovic,
the Croatian who was arrested on landing
from the Majestic on Feb. 12 for having
in his trunk eighteen pounds of dynamite
which he said he was taking home with him
in order to destroy rocks on his father's
farm, has been fined $50, the charge having
been reduced to one of failing to report
the contents of his baggage.

FURS DECLINE IN” PRICE,

A Falling Of of From 23 to 30 Per Cent.
fn the Rates From Last Year.
Special Cabie Despatch to THe Sun.

LONDON, March 19.--The first week cf
the annual fur sales by which prices are set
for the ensuing year shows a decline of
prices on an average of from 25 to 30 per
cent, Russian furs were particularly af-
tot th first time i hat off

, e firs! in years that coffe
have been more plentiful than buyers, rae

 

   

a ATEN OR mm

GRASPING FOR THE PACIFIC,

THE STRATEGIC POINT OF THE
NATIONS CENTRES THERE.

 

 

Lord Roberts's Comment Upon the Intere
national Diplomatic Aspect at & Lect.
ure by Miller Maguire—Panama Canal
to He a Large Figure Hereafter,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

LONDON, March 19,—Miller Maguire de-
livered a lecture at the Royal United Ser-
vice Institution yesterday on the subject
of “The New Pacific From a Strategic
Point of View.” Lord Roberts presided.

The lecturer showed the universal de-
sire of various countries in the past and at
present to obtain a footing in the Paciflo.
He described the advance of Russia, the
United States and Great Britain in that
direction, He said:

‘The capture by the United States of
Cuba and the Philippines has created a
new Atlantic and a new Pacific. The
United States has a reservoir of the me-
chanical and labor power of humanity,
knows the potentialities of the Chinese
and intends to control them.”

Referring to the present situation in
the Far East, he said that at the beginning
of the twentieth century Great Britain
and Japan bore the same relation in eastern
Asia as Great Britain bore to the French
power at the beginning of the nineteenth
century. He ventured to say that the
Japanese would repeat in regard to the
Corean peninsula what Great Britain did
in regard to the Iberian peninsula. He
gaw no reason why the war between Russia
and Japan should not last twenty-two
years, as Great Britain’s peninsula cam-
paign had.

Lord Roberts spoke briefly. He drew
attention to the fact that the centre of
international gravity had now shifted to
the Pacific, and it was mainly in this direc-
tion that the dominating factors would be
found when any serious complications arose.
He pointed out Russia's vast work, France's
acquisition of Indo-China, Great Britain's
possession of Hong Kong and Wei-hai-
wei and Germany’s possession of Kiaochau,
while Australia from a waterless waste
had been changed to a flourishing conti-
nent.

There had been a similar extraordinary
development in Eastern waters. From
the Pacific nine great railways connected
with the Atlantic. They were an impor-
tant strategic point, but would be surpassed
when the Panama (anal was finished.
After referring to the new Pacific cables
Lord Roberts closed by saying:

“All these are very important questions
for the strategist.”

GERMAN REPULSE IN

Major von Glassenapp Forced to Retreat
--Twentyesix of His Men Killed.

special Cable Despatch to Tae SUN

BERLIN, March 19.— Severe fighting is
reported in German Southwest Africa.
Major von Glassenapp, with his staff and
thirty-six mounted infantry, encountered
on Sunday last the enemy's rearguard,
which was unexpectedly reenforced. Glas-
senapp was forced to retreat, with a loss of
seven officers and nineteen men killed and
three officers and two men wounded.

The action took place near Owikokorero.
The Herreros lost twenty men. Major von
Glassenapp and his staff were marching in
advance of the main column, and retired
when the enemy were reenforced. The
fight then became general. The reverse has
caused a great sensation here

AFRICA,

 

CHOATE SPEAKS ON HAMILTON,

Eulogizes the statesman Before the
Edinburgh University Socleties.
Special Cavie Despatch to THR SUN
EbINBURGH, March 19.--Joseph Choate,
the American Ambassador, delivered the
inaugural address as honorary president
of the associated societies of Edinburgh
University this evening. ‘The address con-
sisted of a eulogy of Alexander Hamilton,
Afterward Mr. Choate was entertained at

supper at the Students’ Union Club.
Prospectus for the Irish Land Act Loan,
Speciai Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Lonbon, March 19.—The Government
issued to-day the prospectus of the Irish

Land act loan. Stock to the amount
of £5,000,000 is issued at 87, to bear 23
per oent. interest. The first full half

year's dividend is payable in July.

Turbines for the New Cunard Liners.

Special Cable Despatch to THe Sun.

Lonpon, March 19.—Although their re-
port has not been signed yet, the com-
mission of experts appointed by the Cunard
Steamship Company has decided im favor of
turbine engines for the company’s two new
boats

 

ELLIS ISLAND BOAT LAUNCHED.
Bondholders of Shipbuilding Trust, Which
Bullt Her, Watch Her Take the Water.

Wiuminaron, Del,, March 19.—The ferry-
boat Ellis Island was launched by the
Harlan and Hollingsworth Company this
afternvon. Among the guests were F, P.
Sargent, Commissioner General of [mmi-
gration,and Willian Williams, Immigrant
Commissioner of New York. Secretary
Cortelyou could not come, Jaines Smith,
Jr., receiver of the United States Ship-
building Company, of which the Harlan
and Hollingsworth is a constituent com-
pany, and a number of bondholders of the
trust were present. Miss Mabel Sargent,
daughter of the Commissioner General,
christened the boat.

The Ellie Island will run between Ellis
Island and the Battery. She is 160 feet
over all, 45 feet beam, 16 feet 2 inches deep,
and is built to develop a speed of fourteen
statute miles an hour in service. The
hull and centre house are built of steel,
There is one cabin on the main deck and one
on the upper deck. The main deck isenclosed,
forming one saree cabin, with a toilet room
on each side. e vessel is fitted with a
complete electric light plant

 

 

 

ICE GORGE DYNAMITED.
Channel 200 Feet Wide Made Through the
fee at Port Jervis.

Port Jervis, N. Y., March 19.—The Erie
Railroad dynamiters who at the instance
of the citizens of Port Jervis began blast-
ing operations at 3 o'clock yesterday to
break up the ice gorge in the Delaware
River at and below this city, completed
that work this afternoon by opening a
channel through the gorge 200 feet wide

for the entire distance.
The explosive used was jovite, and each

 

) blast sent hundreds of tons of ice floating

down the stream. This channel will con-
siantly widen by the falling of the ice on
the sides. In one place the frozen mass
was fifty feet thick, but the jovite sent it
flying high in air. With the dam broken
and continued mild weather, the people
here feel thatthe impending danger of
further damage from the ice darns up the
river if past.

 

Bank Cashier Shot by Burglar.

Peru, Ind., March 19.—Cashier Atkinson
of the Miami County Bank at Amboy, four
miles from Peru, was shot in the head last
night in a fight with burglars and seriously
wounded. The pure lars had blown out
the front wall of the building when Charles
Warren and Cashier Atkinson attacked
them. They failed to obtain the $40,000
inthe bank's vault

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

B.AltmandCo.

The Garments and Dress Fabrics for Spring
and Summer, described in the following
announcements are of unusual interest:

MISSES’
DRESSES,

JACKETS,

and GIRLS’

WAISTS, ETC.

TAILOR AND FANCY GOWNS AND GOWNS
FOR DRESS OCCASIONS, AFTERNOON
OR DANCING SCHOOL WEAR.

ORDERS FILLED

FOR MISSES’ AND

CHILDREN’S DRESSES, DESIGNED AND
EXECUTED IN WORKROOMS ON THE

PREMISES.

JACKETS, REEFERS, SILK and MUSLIN WAISTS.

 

WOMEN’S OUTER GARMENTS
For Spring

NOW IN STOCK,

INCLUDE IMPORTED WRAPS,

PALETOTS, MATINEES, BLOUSES
AND ETON JACKETS

OF VARIOUS FABRICS,

SUCH AS TAFFETA

MOUSSELINE, EOLIENNES, BURLINGHAM
SILK, CREPE DE CHINE, CANVAS
CLOTH, LINON, ETC.

LACE COATS OF MALINE, MACRAME, BOULE
DE NEIGE, TIRELEMONT, APPLIQUE, POINT
DE FRANCE AND BRETON LACE.

AN IMPORTANT SALE OF
COLORED TAFFETA SILKS

WILL BE HELD, BEGINNING MONDAY,
MARCH TWENTY-FIRST,

COMPRISING A SELECTION OF OVER

SEVENTY SHADES,

EVENING AND

STREET COLORS, INCLUDING WHITE,
IVORY AND CREAM,

18,000 Yards, at

Regular Price, 78¢, Yard.

‘ 58c. Yard.
(Rear of Rotunda.)

 

BLACK and COLORED DRESS GOODS.

For Monday,

March 2Ist:

Black Ombre Mohair, FORTY-TWO INCHES

WIDE, THE REGULAR PRICE OF
WHICH IS $1.25 PER YARD,

WILL BE PLACED ON SALE AT

72c. yard.

4,000 Yards Colored French Chiffon Voile,

SILK AND WOOL,

AND ALL WOOL,

IN SELECTED COLORS,

REGULAR PRICE $1.35 PER YARD,

(Rear of

95c. yard,

Rotunda. )

Eighteenth Street, Nineteenth Street, Sixth Avenue, New York.

 
 

TAKES THE KAISER 10 TASK,

COMPLAINS OF THE ARMY
HIS RACE,

JEW
TREATMENT OF

Attorney Named Feige, an Old Soldter,
Writes Direct to the Emperor Because
Jews Are Not Promoted tn the Arm)-—
Gets a Reply and Saye It Isn't Troe,

Special Cable Desvaich to ‘TRE SUN

BERLIN, March 19.--Much astonishment
has been caused by the publication of cor-
respondence between Emperor William and
a Jewish lawyer named Feige of Breslau.
Feige is a Prussian officer who won the
Iron Cross for va'or during the Franco-
German War.

Feige wrote direct to the Kaiser, com-
plaining of the injustice of excluding Jews
from the commissioned rank of the Prus-
sian Army. This practice has gone un-
checked for twenty-five years. His letter
complains bitterly that his eldest son, on
the completion of a year’s service as a
volunteer, failed to get the customary
promotion.

He says the reports show that his son's
conduct was absolutely blameless and
the commission was withheld solely be-
cause he was a Jew. Feige adds:

“As a loyal citizen and an old soldier
I beg your Majesty to undo thie offensive,
unmerited and humiliating wrong.”

Through the Commander of the Sixth
Army Corps the Kaiser replied that the
commission had not been granted because
Feige's son did not come up to the require-
ments for promotion. Feige, in a second
letter to the Kaiser, bluntly retorts:

“The explanation does not represent
the facts.”

Feige says that he understands that
the military authorities were bound to
give an evasive answer, but he appeals to the
Kaiser to remove the causes which create
in a Jew the bitter feeling that he is dis-
honored and an outlaw.

Feige has not received a reply to thie.

id L

ee

   

—— —

COUNT VON BUELOW MARRIED.

A Rich Widow of a Colorade Money Breker
the Bride.

PugEBLO, Col., March 18.—Count Max
von Buelow and Mrs. Mary Pflauner were
married this morning at the home of the
bride in this city. Count yon Buelow and
his Countess will leave in April for an Ameri-
can and European tour and will call at the
Count's ancestral home near Berlin. They
expect to return to the United States in
October to locate.

The bride was the widow of a prominent
money broker who died several years ago,
and ia worth over $100,000 in Pueblo and
Kansas City.

 

The name of the bridegroom does not
appear in the Gotha list of German
Counts.

BUSINESS TROUBLES.

 

 

Recelver Appointed for Mr. Loftus's Five
81,000 Bills.

A petilion in bankruptcy has been filed
against the R. J. Mills Company, manufact-
urers of store fixtures at 444 West Fourteenth
street, capitalized at $40,000,

A creditors’ petition in bankruptcy has been
filed against James KE. Delahanty end George

Sinall, doing business asthe Delehanty Furni-
ture Company in ain street, Yonkers.

A creditors’ petition in bankruptcy has bee
filed against Morris rmsn and Joseph
Moskowitz (Berman & Moskowitz), reel
estate dealere at 308 Grand street. Their

last building operation was the erection of
a six story apartment house at the north-
west corner of Becond avenue and Twelfth
street, called Onyx Court. They were unable
to meet their bile and many judgments have
been taken against them. It is reported
that they owe $270,000 besides the mortgages
on the property.
A creditors
been filed against
dealer and hotelkee
Lenox avenue, who

etition in bankruptcy hae
Philip Dietrich, liquor
r at 110th etreet and
ormerly had taree beer

gardéenea on West 110th street, where he gave
vaudeville shows,

Judge Holt of the United Stat Diatrict
Court. 6 appointed Augustus ‘ Skilin

receiver in bankruptcy of the English-Greene

Company, commission yarna, cloth and ocot-
ton je at 43 Leonard street, The hesets
are entima at $45,000.

Judge Holt has Sppointed Mereshall 8.
Hagar reveiver in bankruptcy of the assets
of Thomas J tus, who was mt of

us & Co. co ;
ea lat che rporation

t 8 WwW. C. Loft
ie eapecia tly for resi 000 bi and five. .
of the | ing Academy, which Mr.

ARRESTED FOR BOLD HOLD-UP,

Bey Identifies Johnson as One of the Men
Whe Teok $1,880 From Him.

William Johnson, alias Morgan, who said
he lived at 804 East Eighth street, was ar-
raigned in the Tombs police court yester-
day, charged with having assisted in rob-
bing Warren Smith, a boy employed by
Sargeant & Co., on April 4 last, of $1,380,
which the boy had received from the Mer-
cantile National Bank.

‘the robbers dragged young Smith into a
vacant building in Centre street in broad
daylight and took the money away from

m.

When the boy saw Johnson in court he
peal tively identified him ae one of the
thieves.

Johnson went to St. Louis soon after the
robbery and did not return to New York
until a few Gave ago. Detectives saw him
standing ©
street and ter-
noon, and started for him.

Johnson drew @ revolver and flourished

 

 

B.Altmand Go.

 

 

 

Direct attention to the following de-
partments, situated on the

THIRD FLOOR |

of their establishment:

UPHOLSTERY STUFFS, HANGINGS, LACE
DRAPERIES, ETC,

DECORATIVE OBJECTS OF ART,
ORIENTAL RUGS,

DRESSMAKING AND TAILORING,
TRIMMED MILLINERY,

WOMEN’S, MISSES’ AND CHILDREN’S
SHOES.

 

 

 

OPHOLSTERY FABRICS
and Lace Window
Appropriate for Spring and Summer Furnishing.

INTERESTING NOVELTIES ARE SHOWN
IN ENGLISH AND FRENCH CRETONNES,
DIMITIES, PRINTED TAFFETAS AND
LINENS, ALSO REPRODUCTIONS OF
OLD ENGLISH BLOCK PRINTS.

Draperies

COTTON DAMASKS, LINENS, ETC, FOR
FURNITURE SLIP COVERS.

LACE, SASH and BONNE FEMME CURTAINS
in ruffled and plain effects.
PRINTED and DENIM PORTIERES.

Window Shades and Furniture Slip Covers
to order.

Lace Curtains cleaned and stored during
the Summer months. Portieres, Draperies,
etc., stored and insured. Alterations made
if necessary. Estimates submitted upon
request.

 

=, ati

TRIMMED HATS, TOQUES & BONNETS

SPRING WEAR,

including an attractive assortment
of Smart Turbans and Toques, par-
ticularly adapted for wear during.
the earlier part of the season.

MOURNING MILLINERY, VEILS, ETC.,
a special feature.

FOR

pre

 

 

 

DECORATIVE OBJECTS OF ART.

MANTEL ORNAMENTS,

BRONZE STATUETTES, GROUPS, BUSTS, ETC
CABINETS FOR CURIOS, ETC.
MARBLE, ONYX and TEAKWOOD PEDESTALS,
PORCELAIN VASES, PLATES, PLAQUES, ETC.

Many of the foregoing articles have
been GREATLY REDUCED IN PRICES:
in addition, a limited quantity of the
following articles will be placed on
sale on

| TUESDAY, March 22d,

AT PRICES OF EXCEPTIONAL INTEREST:

STUDENTS OR READING LAMPS,
complete with shades,

ELECTROLIERS and ELECTRIC LAMPS,
| PORCELAIN VASES (Sevres decorations),
CUT GLASS SALAD or FRUIT BOWLS,

BRONZE PICTURE FRAMES,
Cabinet Size, Square and Oval.

Anas AA RAR RAR RRA

 

een ene |

Street, Sixt® Avenue, New York. |

AA RRA RAR AAR RAARARAR

| Eladteenth Street,

 

 

 

    

 

it in the face of Detective Hennessy, who
— snatched it from his hand and then spanked
the man as hough he were a schoolboy.
Magistrate Whitman held Johnson under
$2,000 bonds for examination on Monday.

 

 

SOZODONT

TOOTH POWDER

For 83 years the Dentifrice of
Quality. Absolutely Non-Acid

te Waste. Ho Grit

Mow Patent Top Can 256

corner of Twenty-fourth
ird avenue on Friday af