been ED. IR

    
      
 

ote

Se tm

poi eee im
——

oa

erate a ees

i
i
it
|
By
i
i
|
|
|

Ee

try

 

HOW DEFINITE CAN MUSICAL EX-
PRESSION BECOME?

Is Composition to Become Merely a Rep-
resentative Art Which Seeks Its Mate»
rial Altogether Outside of Musical
Ideas? — The ASithetlc Centre of

i Gravity — Scif-Interpretative Music.

“Quo Vadis?” This question is of tense
pertinence in the world of musical art
to-day, A very special demonstration is
before us of the movement toward con-

verting music into a purely representative ; processes which they put into musio. Inall pamphlet o

art. The transition fron: the classic to the
romantic was long ago accomplisied,
and it is now a trite theorem that content
dominates form, But the question now 1s,
How far can music fo in the cirection of
depicting things which lie outside itself?
Is it to convert itself into a language, or
shall it sink into a hind of rapt mysticism
which shall be accepted in a vague way
as a species of a philosophio speculation?
Walter Pater in his essay on Coleridge
gays: “The trve illustration of the specu-
lative temper is not the Tindoo mystic,
Jost to sense, understanding, incividuality,
but one such as Goethe, to whom every

moment of life brought its contribution of |

experiuental individual know ledge; by
whora no toch of the world of form, color
and passion was disregarded.”

Ferein lies a deep, prexynant suggestion.
Pater knew little enough of the inner nature

 

MUSIC WITH A PROGRAMME, £2227 2,2, bo very wity toy or

that outward shape of voca) melody which
is a distinottvely national characteristic.
Since Verdi's “Falstaff” nothing has been

written which is of high import, for the calm —

contemplation of criticism cannot be de-
ceived by the superficial cleverness of
“Tosca,” “Bohéme” and “Pagliacci,” oF
' the Mascagni turgidities.
there is in these works, but not a single
vestige of genius. One act of Verdi's
“Otello” or Boito's “Mefistofele” pales their
crimson fires to the sickly yellow of a farth-
ing rushlight.

But these writers are striving to advance
beyond Wagner in the subtlety of the inner

| the Wagnerlan drama there is no such
purely modern preduct as the Scarpta of

Puccini or the Osaka of Mascagni; Loge
jis elemental. He is a superhuman poetlo
| oreation, as well suited to the investiture
: of musio as Milton's Lucifer, But setting
| Scarpia and Osaka to music is much like
' composing Joseph Chamberlain or H. H.
Vreeland,

The reaction of all this refinement of the
means of expression in the musical drama
upon instrumental music, has led the song
| without words into a new country, The
| primitive descriptions of Kuhnau and Bach
now make us smile. We have hunted the
central secret to its lair. We have asked
| music to sing hot only those broad moods
| of joy and sadness, peace and rage, which

the imitation of the inflections of the voice
lin speech made possible for her in the very

infancy of inarticulate song, but we have

 

Talent, indeed, |

     

justification, The centre of esthetio
gravity is in the work.

Let us, however, give Mr, Strauss the
benefit of his own utterances. In 1897, in
speaking of “Also sprach Zarathustra” he
said: “I did not Intend to write philosophical
music, nor to betray Nietzsche's great work
musically, I meant to convey musically
an idea of the development of the human
race from its origin through the various
phases of development (religious as well
as scientific) up to Nietzsche's idea of the
Uebermensch, the Beyond-Man of Goethe.

‘As a London critic remarked at the time,
“even this is a tal order.” Of course Mr,
Strauss’s word must be accepted. But
present writer lies an elaborate
f some forty pages by Frederick

Roesch and Eberhard Koenig, entitled “Ein
| Heldenleben, Tondichtung fr Groeses Or-
| chester, von Richard Strauss.” It repro-
| duces sixty-elght themes from the tone
| poem and has a long and laborious explana-

tion of the composer's purpose and mean-
| ing. There are similar programme notes

for other works by this composer. Persons

who admit the iniquity of such explanations
* gtoutly maintain that Mr. Strauss does not
| approve of them. The one before us was
' published by F, E, C. Leuckart of Lelpsic.
, On the last page are advertised several

compositions by Strauss published by the
' game person.

Howsoever these things be, the ulttmate
| question remaina: Will the compositions
of Mr, Strauss and his kind stand the test
of Ambros? Is their wsthetio centre of
gravity within themselves? That is a true
' test of all art works. The test of a Corot

|
|
|

| before the

 

of music, but he was able to make 6018 | demanded that she chase the intellectual | landscape ts not ita perfect portraiture of a

sensible deductions from his comprehen- |

sion of art in the broader sense, and in
another place in the volume just quoted
(“Appreciations”) he suggests the possi-
bility that music might be the ideal of all ;
art, “precisely hecause in music it is
impossible to distinguish the form from
the substance or matter, the subject
from the expression.”

Against such a summary of the nature
of music the whole practice of composition
to-day cries out. And at the same tine |
it finds itself unsatisfied by such a standard }
of speculative thought as that set up by
Mr. Pater. Music would perhaps profit
hichly by a faithful adherence to that law
of continual regard to the suggestions of
the “world of form, color and passion.”
But the rapt vacancy of the Eindoo mystic
woos the favor of composers, for out-
wardly it bas a philosophic appearance,
and ta philosophize in music seems now
to be the highest desire of its masters.

It is useless to attempt to blind one's
self to facts. The march of music from
pure beauty of form and developinent of
melodio ideas toward the representation
of ideas pot musica] in themselves has been
going on from the very beginning. But
at the outset there was no end°avor to
translate mental processes into musical
terms. As far back as the middle of the |
fifteenth, century, the story of Susanna
was told in unaccompanied choral music
of purely contrapuntal pattern, But there
was no subtlety in such musio. The text
set forth the narrative; the music was @
mere framework. Januequin wrote his |
“cries of Paris” in a similar style, but his
musical effects consisted of a few primitive
fmitations of externals.

Kv h-au’sd scriptive sonatas contain noth-
ing corfusing. ‘lbey are cheerfully frank |

in their erdeavor to paint externals, They
do not probe either heart or brain. Not till
the association of music with the drama |
in the opera of the Italians of 1600 do we find |
the tone art deliberately set to work to em-
body the inner life of man, and.then feelings |
alone were set forth,

Now, the effort to embody feelings in vocal |
musio was intelligible and natural. Song
borrowed its inflections from speech, and

concept to its source and embody reasonings
and conclusions as If she were the hand-
maid of the inductive methed.

So far have we gone that we can no longer
blame those primitive thinkers who seek
to fasten a story upon every composition,
We find even so calm a commentator as Sir
George Grove regretting that Beethoven

did net prefix a descriptive title to the fifth |

symphony in order that we might discover

. his expressional purpcse.

We have reached a situation which re~
duces music to a secondary position, She
is no longer a proud and independent art,
in which, ag Mr. Pater notes, the substance
and the form are one. The classic forms
in which purely musical beauty was con-
talned, in which the attempts at expression
were confined to broad mood painting and
the methods were alvays those of thematio
development, are used by comparatively
few composers. The title “symphony” is

placed upon works which have few of the |

characteristics of the Beethoven model.
True, these works do not, because they
cannot, abandon the fundamental principles
of musical form, Even the tone poems of
Richard Strauss are built in accordance
with these mexorable laws. Architecture
cannot do away with walls and roofs and

. floors, nor the consideration of weight-sus-

taining power. But its outward presenta-
tions may and do travel far away from the
manner of the Greeks.

Music no longer exists for herself. She
seeks material always from without. Who
writes now an ‘overture, scherzo and
finale?” Even Schumann, one of _ the
pioneers of the modern romantic move-
ment, did that; but our overfed imagina-
tions require stimulation in the ehape of
titles. It must be an overture to an East
Indian poem, which none of us ever read,
or a symphonic fantasia on a Buddhistic
doctrine, or a theme and variations setting
forth the thoughts and actions of an alle-

| gorical character who was in himself a
| 6atire upon a generalization.

In order that
we may know what the composer is trying
to tell us in the inarticulate language of the
song without words, we must have a long
and perplexing explanation by a learned

undit who constructs programme notes

epeech took th»m from inarticulate cries. | yith} the aid of a public library and a few
Peri’s notion of using a smooth movement Delphic hints from the composer himself.
and a narrow range of intervals for unim- | q,,, we must sit in the concert room
passioned song was taken from the instince | gravely contemplating these notes while the
tive practice of speech. We speak in two | orchestra is playing the music, and ecriously

or three notes, and slowly and regularly |
when we are perfectly calm. When we
become excited, our voices move through |

more intervals and the tempo is accelerated. | grasping the fulness of the programme |
| explanation at the same time as we listen

In agitation the speech is in broken, spas-
modic phrases; the voice rises and falls ir-

regularly. Insacness the minor mode comes |

involuntarily into our tones, ard in weeping
we slide portamento throfigh the chromatic

scale,
When Gluck revived the method of Peri

4 and worked it out elaborately, he struck

the death blow to classicism. His co: 6>:r-
vation of the musical principle is to be found
im his continued employment of the purely
musical forms. It was not for Gluck, a
soilpturasyus composer, a worshipper
of melodic line and curve, to enter into the
new paradise of operatic tone-speech. He
pruned the old tree of many useless limbs;
he swept from it a mass of roisesome fun gi;
but he sat peacefully under its shade and
knew not that its trunk pointed slantwise
away from the zenith.

Gluck stood at the parting of the ways,
but knew it net. With the young, ingenu-
ous, unsophisticated ard absolutely musical

symphony of Haydn etarirg him in the face, |

he failed to discover that its basic pri::ciples
were not available for the coustruction of
an art form embodying his dramatic ideals.

The cyclic revolution of the plain song form |

was predomi: ant in the tho ght of Gluck,
@nd it miskd him from his own chosen path.

Weber failed to become a writer of specu- |

lative music for the same reason. He
utilized tha voleslied form io his operas,
and so kept music in her throne of rule over
text. Yet the effort of these two men toward
an intelligible expression of feeling in niusio
was bourid to affect the composers of purely
instrumental works.

There is no question in any mind that
music could express feeling—or atanyrate,
arouse it. From the earliest time there
has been musie for the feast and musio for
the funeral. Joy and sorrow have spoken
their hearte in the accents of song. Prao-
tics in the employment of the elements of
musical expression was bound to make the
utterance clearer, and when the rule of the
eceleeiastic scalos had been broken and
the modern major and minor modes had
come into their own, it was but another step
to the complete inheritance of the chro-
matic world which Cyprian di Rore strove
to open up as far back as 1544.

It was when Wagner threw over the entire
apparatus of the cyclic form and the lied
and utilized to the utmost the resources
of chromatic modulation, that music in
the drama entered completely into the
Office of emotional expression. A new form
was developed: that in which a set of melodic
fragments, each with a definite signifi-
oance, was woven into an instrumental
ocean upon which the voice parts floated
like enchanted shallops. Wagner fairly
fulfiled the Pater conception of the truly
speculative artist, one “by whom no touch
of the world of form, color and passion
vas disregarded.” Gluck treated poetry
as a jewel, for which he as an artist was to
provide the most chaste, beautiful and
appropriate setting. Wagner viewed
poetry and music as two precious metals
which he was to melt in the crucible of his
genius into a new and more glorious pro-
duct.

We stand to-day, in so far as opera is
concerned, upon the ground cleared for us
by Wagner. Tho Italians are striving to

endeavoring to delude ourselves into the
belief that we can perform two mental
rocesses at once—namely, reading and

| te and analyze the compcsition.
It seems about time for us to return to our
' Ambros and study his admirable book on
| the “Boundaries of Music and Poetry.”
| Here is his just and convincing conclusion:
| “But in its ideal feature, music keeps within
| its natural boundaries so long as it does
' not undertake to go beyond ite expressional
‘ eapacity—that is, 60 long as the poetical
thought of the composer becomes intolli-

' gible from the moods called forth by his ,

| work and the train of ideas etimulated there-
| by, that is, from the composition itself;

andsolong as nothing foreign, not organio-
ally connected with the music itself, must

be dragged in, in order to assist compre- ,

| hension.”

| How many of our ultra-refined orchestral |

| studies in logic will stand examination
in the searching light of that proclamation?
Yet Ambros comes to that conclusion at
the end of a volume written {n answer to
Hanslick’s “The Beautiful in Music,” of
‘which the fundamental doctrine Is that
| music has not expressional power at all.
' Ambros set out to show that it had, but that

| there was a point beyond which it could
| not go.

That point he found set clearly tn view
in the symphonic works of Berlioz. He
| recounts the process of development of
‘that master’s “Romeo et Juliette” sym-
: phony. He compares it with Mendels-
_sohn's “Moerestille und Gitickliche Fahrt”
' overture and notes that the title is an exact
, reproduct fon of Goethe’s language. But
| “there is in the matter the great difference
‘that this tonal work, even utterly apart
‘from Goethe's poem, is in and through
‘ itaelf explicable and intelligible, and bears
| in itself ita eethetio centre of gravity and
| the conditions of Its existence, whereas

in the case of ‘Romeo and Juliet’ the centre
‘of gravity lies outside the musio—that is
_ to say, in the Shakespearian drama.”
| Mendelssohn, when he conceived his
| “Fingal's Cave" overture, embodied in a
, sentence the impeccable theory of correctly
conceived programme music, He wrote
| to his sister that he could not describe such
| a thing, but he could play it. Having ab-
‘sorbed the mood of that landscape he,
being & musician, could reproduce it only
‘in tones. Berlloz, on the other hand,
sought not only to picture in his musio the
personalities and the passions of the lovers,
but he sought to reproduce in the form of
;a scherzo the poetic description of an
| imaginary conception, Queen Mab, put into
' the mouth of a character created by Shake-
| speare! It was a long way round, was it
not?

How great a difference is there between
that precess and Mr. Strauss’s attempt to
convey to us in music the convereation of

| Don Quixote and Sancho Panza or the anger
of the knight at seeing the false Dulcinea?

|
|
'

The centre of gravity is outside the musio.
So it is in “Ein Heldenisben,” Strauss’s
etrongest composition, and in his other tone
poems. Tschaikowsky, on the other hand,
was content to write “Pathetique"—even
more than was needed—over his sixth
symphony, and let it stand with that. His
“Romeo and Juliet” overture fantasia is
dependent upon itself alone for its artistio

| place, but its complete and satisfying ex-
| istence as a painting; and that, be tt noted,
| is wholly a matter of artistic feeling in tho
| work itself. The test of a poem ls not its
| Power to convey to the reader a mental
| photograph of the scene or action or thought
| which inepired the work, but to touch the
reader's emotions, to stimulate his imagina-
tion by and through itself alone. Neither
the observer of the landscape nor the
reader of the poem is asked to look outside
of the work itself for an explanation of its
mood. The picture and the poem fully ex-
plain themselves. They lay before the
mind both cause and effect. This musio
| cannot do, Long ago It was called the
| language of emotion, and the embodi-
ment of feeling is its highest province.
; Even in the opera, with the assistance
of text and action, musio should not strive
to go further than this, Its office is to voice
i the emotions which Iie behind action and
speech, to raise to the tenth power those
simpler and more limited inflections and
| tones of the voice which are used in the
spoken drama. In the great instrumental
song without words it {s again moods and
emotions that musio must proclaim. Mr,
Strauss may tell us that in “Also eprach
Zarathustra’ he did not attempt to do
the things which makers of programme
explanations accused him of doing, but
merely to put before us, in music, the alm-
| ple process of the religious and scientifio
| development of the human race up to the
easy conception of the Beyond-Man,

How easy it all is, to be sure, and how
stupidly devoid of imagination we must
all be who fail to read it clearly in the music.

If we fail to find it, itisour fault. Lichten-
' berg, a witty German, said, “If a monkey
| look into a mirror, no Apostle will look
} out.”

We may eave ourselves much time and

{ intellectual labor if we listen carefully
to “Also sprach Zarathustra.” Dr. Draper
packed a history of intellectua] develop-
ment of Europe into two substantial vol-
umes which a thoughtful man may read
| in a winter; yet he may hear not only the
| Intellectual, but also the religious develop-
| ment of the entire human race in Mr,
| Strauss's tone poem in about thirty
minutes. A benefactor of mankind indcted
| is this philanthropist, who has not sought
; to write philosophical music. He has in-
vented for us a kind of sugar-coated knowl-

 

 

 

 

ne

__

|

a ce
mre

MARCH

| BACK TO THEGREGORIAN CHANT

 

POPE'S ENCYCLICAL CAUSES A
REVOLUTION IN MUSIC.

 

Father Young Discusses the Rale Requiring
the Use of the Plain Song itn Catholio
Churches—Dificulties Not So Great as
Supposed—Beauty of Gregorian Music,

Bishop McDonnell of Brooklyn is the first
prelate to put into effect the instructions
contained in the recent encyclical letter of
Pope Pius X. on the subject of church music,

The abandonment of the music that the |

choirs had learned, the ignorance of organ-
iste and singers in regard to the Gregorian
chant and the difficulty of learning it im-
mediately are said to have put the Brooklyn
choirs into such a state of panio that Catholio
Church musio acrose the Bridge nowadays
is a strange thing,

A Sun reporter called yesterday on Father
Young, the greatest clerical authority on
church music, to ask him what the effect of
the new rule would be.

Father Young, who has charge of the
music at the Church of St. Francis Xavier,
in Sixteenth street, has veed the Gregorian
chant there for some years. He is an ear-
nest believer In the use of this plainsong and
thinks that it will have to be adopted in all
Cathollo churches, the terms of Pope Pius
X.'s letter leaving no cholce in the matter.

“I am only awaiting Archbishop Farley’s
decision before using the Gregorian chant
in all the services,” he said. “That will not
be difficult for us, as we have been using
that music for the past ten years.

“If Gregorian music is to be sung in all
our churches, as it must wtimately be,
singing will have to be taught in all the
Roman Catholic schools. I have always
been an advocate of that, and want to insist
now more than ever on its extreme im-
portance.

‘In that way Gregorian music can be
tavght to the children, and it will make
simple the recruiting of our choirs. It is
very easily taught to children. They learn,
merely by hearing {t sung by others, how
to place the accents. The difficulty of
singing Gregorian music is very much ex-
aggerated in any case.

“After Pope Gregory's decree church
musio was changed more and more by the
individual singers, who put inte it changes
that appealed to them. In this way musio
became much more florid than it had been,
and in 1622 the Medicean edition of all the
Gregorian music was prepared and Is still
used in Italy, but that music made from
the copies used in the churches at that time
was already corrupt.

“Until half a century ago the real Gre-
gorian chant survived only in the mon-
asteries. What was eung, when it was sung
at all, was a perverted species of plain song,
very eften harmonized and bearing very
little relation to the Gregorian chant.

“About fifty years ago a French Jesult
priest, who had composed a great deal
of church music that was very popular in
ita time, became Interested in the Gregorian
chant. He travelled to the Dominican
monastery at Reichenau on an island in
Lake Constance in order to study It. Later
he went to the Benedictine monastery at
Solesmes, where he found the Gregorian
chant surviving in its very best estate.

“There among the monks whose duties
had kept the tradition of Gregorian song
from generation to generation, he found
the original music that had fallen out of
secular use. Abbot Dom Pothier after-
ward published this musio, which will soon
all be ready for the world.

“Two systems of singing it exist. One is
adapted to common use, and over every
note to be accented is a point. By this
simple means the preper singing of the
Gregorian chant can be taught to any one.

“A more elaborate edition, prepared by
the Benedictine monks, leaves more to the

edge tablet, Abolish dry books and litten | fore more difficult.

; to the tone poems of Richard Strauss, and
} you will have the wisdom of the ages poured
| into your ears by trumpete and trombones.
And yet how refreshing to the spirit is

; Schumann, which the Boston men played
on ‘hureday night. Here is no fugue
fuddle of the fulminations of science. Here

' is no heart-wrung cry of a philosopher

| from the mountain top, come down to eet

| whole the disjointed times and wailing be- |

| cause the populace thinks him a goatherd.
| Here is no dissector of sated sows, no

' Juggler with death rattles, no miser of a |

' hope-drained race.

, trod the vailey of the shadow and come
| to the sunlit plateau of bisheart's desire,
' and who, as he lifts his brow to the radiance
of the new day, strikes his lyre and bursts
into a pwan of rapture. His music glows
and throbs with feeling, for it is feeling
grown too great for the infiection of com-
mon speech and go hymned to us by the
| myriad-voiced orchestras in one beautiful
anthem of the budding of eternal spring
in the heart ofa inan. Thatis programme
musio which needs no explanatory notes,
W. J. HENDERSON.

NOTES OF MUSIC EVENTS,

The final conceris of the Fbilharmonio Society's
eecrics will take place at Camegic Hell on Friday
afiernoon and Saturday evening next. The cun-
ducwr will be Richard Strauss, who wil) direct
Mozart's “Juplier” symphony, the love scene trom
“Feuersnoth” and “Tod und Verklaerung.” David
Bispnam will éing Strauss songs both with orchestra
anu plano.

At the last symphony concert for young people,
In Camegie Hall, next Saturday ufternvon, Lilian
Blauvelt will sing Micaeli's air from “Carmen,”
the Jewe) song from “Faust” and “Elsa's Dream”
from “Lohengrin.” Edward Jolinson will sing

 

 

 

| orchestra wil) play the mareh from “Alda,” the
“Carmen” sulle, the prelude to “Lohengrin” end
the “Ride of the Valiyries.”

David Kulinyt will give o vtolin recital at Carnegie
Lyceum on Wednesday evening.

The Kaltenborn Quartet will give the third of
its series of chamber music concerts at Mendelssolin
Hall on Thursday evening. The programme wil]
| consist of Mozart's D major quartet, Richard
Strauss's sonata for plano and ‘cello, opus 6, and
Schubert's “Forelien” quintet. Leopold Winkler,
planist, and August Kalkhof, double bass, will
assist the quartct.

The Oratorio Society will give Edward Elgar's
“The Aposties* at Carnegie Hall on Thursday night.

e solo singers will be Mrs. Theodore Toedt,
| soprano; Murtel Foster, contrako; Edward Johnson,

tenor; David Bispham, barytone, and Frederic

Wheeler, bass. Frank Damrosch will conduct.
| Miss Foster was the original singer of Mary Mug-
dalen {n the oratorio whem {t was produced in
England.

Danoing in Russian Sohools.

From the London Lady's Ptetorial,
peat rane state of national angiety
into which Russia is at present plunged,
ancing has been taboted Rrohehont ii
| penny, and Russtan schooigiris have, t
if

»re, one lesson legs, for _ ” gts schools
ng is as muc

of the © rt dominion:
part of the ourriculum as thematica,
t would aw

avaty, or. literature.
educa {onal departure from oonventiena
ne if the same course were pursued in
‘ngland; and shall one not venture to ea
far more conducive to elegant dceportmen
and equally beneficial to health as some
sports in which ls are now compelled to
take part, though dancing is urged upon
hone of them. And It would be we foo.
Lin Bayi Scie Pla" ogy ste
) e w gTOW
up less awkward and pleasan mann
than at present, ® a n
would be a com

on mm.
tive rarity. 7

 

}
|
'
)
i‘

 

 

i such a work as the Spring symphony of |

“If Catholic organista will train their
choirs by this method they will not find
Gregorian music difficult.
are the organ accompaniments prepared
by Mathias, who is the organist of the great
cathedral in Strasburg.

“He has compiled organ accompaniments
to all the Gregorian music, and so simple is

' {ta structure that his music may be played

|

Here is one who served and suffered |
| for the sake of love's infinite joy, who has |

 

{

| Gregorian music, Mr. Gaston Dethier, the , Atlantic

 

}

| could be introduced very readily into every |

even on a harmonium, The accompani-
ment to a Gregorian chant is never pro-
nounced, only rather a faint tone supporting
the voices. Any church choir, with these
plano accompaniments and the last edi-
tions of the Solesmes plain song, will not
find the music which the Holy Father has
recommended too difficult for them.

“As there is no appeal from the encyclical
of Pius X., Gregorian music must come
ultimately into use in every church,

“The Pope is a fine musician. He realizes
how much the music of the day has drifted
away from the religious principles of eo-
clesiastical music. He knows that the old
music was better; and for that reason
this return to the Gregorian is to be per-
manent, and ultimately we shal) hear it in
the churches everywhere.

“The Holy Father does not limit choirs
only to Gregorian chant. Palestrina and
other sacred composers, who wrote in ac-
cordance to the traditions of ecclesiastical
music, are to be included,

“It ts custemary to say that Gregorian
music has only eight modes and will there-
fore become monotenous, but there is an
ample supply of it for all purposes. Tlere
are twelve or sixteen masses adapted for
feaste of three degrees tn addition to all the
other services,

“Then it will be possible for composers
to write music
Pending a decision from Archbishop Farley

“Celeste Alia” und “Slegmund’s Love Song.” The | whether the churches will have to use

organist of our church, has compcsed a
mass in the fashion of tle old writers for
Easter.

“The (alk about the extreme difficulty |

of teaching Gregcrian music to the chcirs
is incomprehensible to me. Thia mueie

city if only one goed ch: ir was found there,
That would be made a model fcr others,
A cheir cculd be taught to sing Gregcrian
music well within a year, provided the
latest socres of the Benedictines of Sclesmes
were used.”

Two } ears ago ‘he French Associatic ns bill |

compelled the Benedictines to leave France,
and it looked fcr a while as if the results of
Abbot Pethier's labcre to revive the Gre.
gcrian chant would be lst. But the ex-
fled monks have taken refuge in Enpjand.
In their temperary mcnas' ery near Wroxall,
en the Isle cf Wight, they are preparing
the editions of the Gregorian chant.

“The ease of singing the Gregc rian chant
frem these editicns,” said Father Young,
“ccmes from the faxt that they restore the
Gregerian rhythm. It was the secret cf
the rhrthm that was lost.

“A musician with a piece of chant in the
former editions made by the monks could
bring out’the expression cf the music, and
he could understand the sense cf a phrase
even ff his nxation did not indicate all
the details <f interpretation. But such
success was imposalble to the ordinary
chcir of a parish church, composed gen-
erally of persons who ere not musicians,

 

Equally simple |

in the stvle of these masses, |

One would pause on. a phrase and another
would proosed with it, One singer would
lay stress on a certain syllable which
another would ecften. One singer would
hold a note while another would go over
it rapidly.

“If the organist also allowed himself as
much liberty, the result was never pleasant
{o any one unfertunate enough to hear it.
These new editions, by means of very
simple and clear notation, indicate the
accents until there is no room fcr doubt,
The organiat has all his difficul.{es 6 lved
for him by the eciiion of Strasburg
Cathedral,”

Father Young was asked if he thought
that congregations would be as well satis-
fied with Gregorian as with the more elabor~
ate and often operatio masses sung in the
churches to-day.

“I think,” he said, “that after hearing the
Gregorian muslo for a short while they. will
like it better than any other, and from ite
frequent repetitions congregations will be

enabled to join in the ringing to a degree |

that has not been possible in years.

“If congregational singing is desired, the
use of the Gregorian chant wil] be the best
means of bringing it about. Our choir
bere has sung music by Palestrina and by
the other old composers, and the congrega-
tion Las taken more delight out of it than

any other music,

“Two weeks ago the choir sang an anthém
by one of the old compoeers written in uni-

{son. The following Sunday they sang @ |

‘harmonized version of the same music,

 
  
 

| I was told by several persons in the congre- i
(gation that it was much more beautiful |

the week before, in its simple form. So, ,

you e¢e, there are persons who enjoy the
greater beauty of the old music.

“Of course the masses of Mozart and |

Haydn will go, and much more music of
modern composition. After Archbishop
Farley has given his order as to the in-
terpretation of the encyclical, committees
| will be formed inevery diocese. This com-
mittee will decide which masses are to be
| sung, as being in accordance with the terms
| of the Holy Father's letter.
| “I have never sung Mozart in St. Francis
Xavier's Church. Much of the modern
music is frivolous. It is sometimes possible
to find in it some that is grave, without
being sad, but usually it is emotional and
operatic.

“Of Gounod's ‘Messe Solennelle’ only the
‘Benedictus’ is ever sung in this church.
That is really devotional in character and
composed in accordance with the epirit of
ecclesiastical musio, ,

“The same thing is not true of the rest of
the mass, It is the same combination of
austerity and sentimentalism that Gounod
was himself. There are modern composers,
however, who are writing musio that can
be sung by the choirs.

“I want to say two things in reference to
this important change in the musio of the
Church.

“The first is that the Gregorian chant
can, within a year, be taught to any choir
provided the plain song editions made by
the Benedictines of Solesmes are used,

| and that no ohurch organist who follows
| the Strasburg organ accompaniments is
;} going to find his way so difficult; and the
| second is, the Gregorian chant should be
taught in all Catholic schools. In that
way this great revolution in the music of
the Chureh can be brought about in a few
years.”

|

 

 

enemy

 

whom it is

warerooms.

 

 

THE BEAL'S ISLAND FANATICS,

RELIGIOUS FRENZY THAT AIMED
AT HUMAN SACRIFICE.

 

 

Story of the Revtvals That Crazed Members
of a Little Maine Community—A
Mother’s Attempt to Make a Daughter
Beautiful and to Sacrifice a Son.

Banaor, Me., Maroh 19.—A commercial
traveller who attended some of the meet-
ings at Beal's Island during the recent
revival when dogs and oats were slain as
sacrifices and the lives of children were
saved only by timely interference of the
Sheriff of Washington county, gives a
graphic description of the ceremonies.
They are daclared to have surpassed in
terror and excitement the wildest orgies
ever held at the temple of the Holy Ghost
and Us sect at Shiloh Hill in Durham. He
SAYS;

“The people at Beal's Island are not
lacking for spiritual instruction, there
being three churches—Latter Day Saints,
Adventist and Reformed Baptist. The
Rev. Mr. Buber, the established minister of
the Baptiste, wishing to arouse new re-

lievers, started a revival.

“The Rev. Mr. Buck of the Adventist
Church also had a revival in progress and
the two, for the purpose of creating wider
and more geueral interest, united their

Father Young says that Gregorian musio | forces and agreed to share equally what-

expreeses as does no other the sentiment
of the Roman Catholic mass.

“The Gregorian musio survives from
the very first days of the Church, when
the people gathered together and chanted
the Psalms. Then came the reading of

| the creed; then came the explanation which
we have to-day in the sermon.
“The mass proper begins only with the
offertory. Of the singing of the Psalms

 

vives to-day only the ‘Introit,’ which is
sung as the pricst enters the sanctuary.
“The Gregorian music alone retains
proper differences between what is merely
' preliminary to the mass and the solemn

 

part of the service, which it constitutes. ;

Later composers devoted as much time
'and care to one part of the mass as to
| another, and made no attempt to point out
, the most solemn moments.

“In every way it remains the most beauti-
ful expression of Christian adoration in
music.”

TWO MILES A MINUTE.

Tremendous Speed of the Engines That
Drive the Fast Auto Boats.

When one of the fast auto boats is dash-
| ing through the water at the rate of from
; 20 to 25 miles an hour the propeller wheel
' revolves from 500 to 1,250 times in a minute.
| When the number of revolutions is stated
| one rarely comprehends what it means.

i In a beat of high power the propeller
| will be 23 inches in diameter. This means
that its periphery Is a little over 6 feet,

| If this screw revolves at the rate of 1,2
| times a minute the outer edge of the blades

 

!
}
'
|
'
'
}

‘of the propeller are cutting through the |

water at the rate of just one and a third
| Miles a minute,
| These propeilers are not flat. If they
| were they would have no purchase on the
| water and the boat would not move an inch.
| To give them a grip on the water each
| blade is twisted elightly, like a spiral, and
| this twist increases the stretch of the blades
' beyond ite circumference by about 1.4,
| so that what marine engineers call the heli-
| coid path of the propeller would be very
| nearly two miles in a minute,
' This remarkable speed is produced by a
| motor than is only 28 inches wide, 40 inches

long and 41 inches high. It develops a

horse power of about 65.
| The propellers which drive the fast
liners are about 48 feet in clreum-
| ference, The tip of the blade will cover
| about a mile and a fifth each minute when
| revolving at full speed,

The cruiser Minneapolis, which is one
of the fastest in the navy, has propellers
ae feet in circumference. They make 132

revolutions a minute, eo that the tip of the

: 16 Up
blade when driven at full epeed is travellin,
at the rate of 6,336 feet each minute, and
| the heliooid path or the distance covered

by the epira twist of the blade, is 8,870
| feet a minute, or more than a mile and a

alf,
| The Minneapolis and the ocean liners
_are driven by eteam, but in the fast auto
| boats gasolene is the motive power.
It can be understood to what a niocety
| the mechanism in a gasolene engine is ad-
justed when it is stated that to make 1,000
revolutions a mmute means that ina four
' oycle engine, there are 500 sprays of gaso-
| lene forced into the cylinder, 500 times
the electrio battery makes a spark and 500
times the escape valve is opened to let
the gas out.
If there are four cvlinders at work on the
same shaft, and many of the fast boats
| have four oylinders, then each operation
| is pated four times. Some motors
have eight cylinders and one is now being
built that will have twelve cylinders. It
Is figured that a motor uses a pint of
pose roe for each horse-power an hour.
n_ eight horee-power motor will use a
gallon of gagolene an hour and will cost
about 16 or 17 cents an hour to run. A
24 horse-power motor will take three gal-
lons an hour, which will make the cost about
50 moe es hour. ty
ere is a motor boat now being built
that is to have a 600 horse-power fhotor.
This motor wil] consume about sixty gallons
of lene an hour, and if run for ten hours
a day, will cost more than $00 a day.

|

|
|

ever contributions might be made for the
cause of Christianity, the meetings to be
held alternately at the Reformed Baptist
and the Adventist clurch.

“The firat meeting of the consolidated
reviva) was held on the night of Thurs-

the Letters of the Apostles, which survives | day, Feb. 18, and they continued every night
to-day in the reading of the Gospels; then ; for a week, beginning at 6:30 and lastiug

until 10, 11 or 12 o'clock, acoording to the

degree of interest mazifested, A descrip-

AEOLIAN HALL

 

 

LECTURE |
RECITAL !

“BEETHOVEN”

FRIDAY, MARCH 25, at 8:15 P. M.

Mr. W. J. HENDERSON,

Leoturer.
Author of ‘‘The Story of Music,” ete.

Illustrated by excerpts from the works of the master
played on the Pianowa and the Acolian Pipe Organ.

Spectan Nortce——Cards. of admission to this Lecture Recital
will be given by us gratuitously and are mot so/d. To prevent
their sale by others, each ticket will admit only the person to
issued and will not
tickets can be obtained only by personal application at our

 

 

The Aeolian Company,

{ : \
musicianship of the singers and is there- | Bt bop PeRUBEINE OF URE Per vice. sere. bas

|

1

| child to die.

“Tt will be cold. It will not breathe.

| tion of one meeting holds good for all, the
| same plan being followed throughout the
revival,

“First, the congregation being assem-
bled, Mr. Bubar aud his wife, followed by
| olber ministers, marched up the aisle sing-
| iug a hallelujah hymn. Next came a soug
| service lastiug about twenty minutes,
foilowed by prayers from tho ministers and
olbers,
| “Another hymn by the choir and con-
| gregauion, slanding, was followed by re-

marss from the muiaisters in which they
| pointed out to the people that a true Christ-

iau opened his pocketboox liberally when
| his heart was truly cleau, while the doom
of the unrepentant was pictured in vigor-
ous, Lot bo say lerrifyiug, lauguage.
“When the winisters Lad concluded the
people urose, one uiler anotuer, anu Kuve
| their several Lestiuonuies. Une told how
| he Was Ost direcved to holiness; another of
bow he lay aWase until uaylignt praying
for more strength to live an Lpright lie,
| while wore tolu of secrifces they imwace Lo
show their desire to live ays God would have
| the.n do.
i} “by this time the audience would be fully
‘aroused. ‘Lhe ministers urged on the
! witnesses by chaning hymns, crying out

‘Giory vo God!’ ‘bless you, brotier!’ ‘Listen
to tie sister!’ ‘Ob, it is glorious!’ do.

“A180 COLgregsUon Was 4.0VGqu LO Lears.
| Feathers were vorn froin the hats of the
| Wo.wen, side Combs and other ornaments
‘ satcLed out and broken.

“A man cast away his watch and chain,
to wear them no more, while others threw
‘away rings and brooches, crying, ‘Away
_ vain giory! Out of my sight! Jesus had
no waten and chain, and Marv Magdaien
would bave blushed at contining her hair
in side combs!’

“The chikiren afforded the most affecting
‘sight of ali, They were brought forward
to vive vestinony, but they were frightened,
and sobs onoked their voices. ‘Shey were
told to pray, and they went down on their
knees ana asked God to make the. goou,
60 tuat When tie world came to an end they
would not be burned up,
| “The converts multiplied. The number

of ministers increasea from two to five,
| one of the newcomers being the Rev. Mr.

Alleby, the evangelistic preacher of the

holiness Society. ‘he people became

more and more excited, and some were on
| the verge of insanity when there caine a
| PE uoselnes had beh @hNE on ¢

4 m go

| week, Oné of the Onhy arte nistera, Mre
' Frank Be.1, pretended to have had a revela-
tion from God in which he told her that she

was a prophet. A shining white angel
| Sar annoeapacton ates be aren Ge te
| sacrifice of ber child. * 7 tae

“She also testified that, with power g¢iven
to her by the angel, she had made her
mother and some of the neichbors fall into
a deep sleep, telling them at just what time
to awaken, and that she had never once
fuiled in the exercise of this power. She
continued:

“ ‘Sinners, if you wish to escape condem-
nation, come to church to-morrow night.
Brothers and sisters in the faith, be presert
and_ witness. J am a prophet ordained
by To: I shall brin,

“ “To-morrow ring my baby to
the church, By the power ot Ged that I
feel within me I shall cause this precious

Its limbs will be stiff as in death. I shall
pass around through the congregation.

“ ‘When all are satisfied that it is life-
less, I shall restore it to life. God will help
me. Glory to Ged!

“‘And my Minnie! How often have I
wept because her face is not as that of
other obildren! A tender hearted, lovin
girl, yet doomed to § through life aubject

coaree Jaughs ax Jokes

poor, deformed face. tacet t ke

ligious Interest for the good of his own
flock and for the reclamation of

 

|
|

  
   

 

be transferable. These

 

362 Fifth Ave, |
Near 34th 8:

 

 

 

 

birthmark that ever was on a human beitg

auateres ier.
“'Now I understand it and thark Ged
for it, I know that He sent the child to
me deformed in that way tlat I might
have the glory of showing His pcwer

“‘] shall heal my girl, Mirnie. Yeu
eannot call that hypnotism. When ycu
see Minnie with an unblemished face von
cannot say it has been done by mesmeric

power.’
“After the meeting had been dismissed,
all was confusion and uproar. The tension
throughout the next day urtil the service

be was agonizin The clildren et
sclioo] hovered around the teact.er’s cesi,
silent, open-mouthed and staring. Atevery

slight noise they would edge up closer 'o
the desk and :

it er, can she do it? Will she kill
her little baby? Please, I don't want to
go out at recess. What is 4 miracle,
teacher?’

“At an early hour the church was filled
to overflowing. When the congregation
had aroused by singing ard exhcrta-

tion to the right pitch, cry rang out.
“ ‘Come, le, you are going to be
healed!’

eet the frenzied mother tried, Sha
passed her hand over the child’s face. It
remained as before.

“ ‘More faith!’ she orled, ‘there is no
faith here. Ministers of God, why are you
lacking? Pray, pray to God!’

“Again she passed her hands over the

deformed face, and again was disappointed
At this instant a kercsene lamp filckered
and eputtered. A man funped up ard

cried, excitedly: ;
“ ‘There's a devil in that lamp! (°’
thee behind me, Satan!’
“The ministers had some difficulty

quieting the people, and the meeting ac
ae in confusion, without the cus
mary benediction.

“Instead cf gcing home to much neecr¢)
abcut fcrty cf the mere excitat'r
cf the oc ngreration aseembled at the hove
cf Mrs. Frank Beal, where v ereheld the wild
est crgies cf the week, las ing until2o'ck« k
in the mc rnjrg of March 12, when the e
therities «f the town cf Jc nespcri interfere!
to save the life cf Mrs. Beal's ycurg «n
“At this gat*ering, afier (] e husband c!
Mrs. Beal, whc had refused to be converted,
had been bound, ragged and beaten)
crder, as it was declareci, ‘to pcundtheH !-
Ghcs' into him,’ Mra. Beal, with the glare
cf ineanity in her eyes, harangued |)»

crewd.

*She declared that while many sacrifices
ef werlcly wealh had Dn made, anc
whfle many hed in cther ware preved their
fai h, ecmething further was demanded
by Ged. There must be living sacrifices.
God had tcld her in the night that a
oe and a cat about the house must be
slain.

“The pre, animals were at cnce breught
in, and Eli, the grown-up acn cf Mrs. Bex),
was anp inted execu‘i ner. The arimals
were literaly tern apart and their bleedi: g
remains held al: ft, while (he mc b¢f fanatics
she uted, ‘Faith, faith—m re fai h!’

“Then Mrs. Beal anncunced that her son
aged 9, must be sacrificed, and twe c of
heated citizens who had § ined the ra‘ her-
ing fcr the purpese -f proteciing this bor,
whese life the) believed to be in danger,
concluded that it was time to act. Ore

ushed the bor thrceugh a window and t: Id

im to run and hide in the recks near the
shcre, while the cther went in his drry
to J’ nospert, half a mile acrcss Mocseapes
Reach and summ¢ned help,

“The boy hid himself as directed, and
could not found when the time frr the
sacrifice arrived. At 2 «'cl-ck Saturday
merring Deputy Sherif? French, C rsetable
Leight(n and First Selectman Wass cf
Jonesncrt arif ed, acocmpanied bi a mb
cf Jon-sprrt men, and the hcuse was
6urr unded,

“The nois? within was something terrific,
tho shri- kings and erc anings of the fanatica
b ing plainly audibl> all over that part of
the island. The doors were barred and
had to be broken down.

“The Holin.ss band fleresly attacked the
officers, and s:veral were injured in the
combat, 8 Iectman Wass rec iving a se-
vere cut, whilo the Sheriff's lantern was
smash+d and his clothts torn. ‘the fanatics
were finally dispers d, and then the offers
hunted up the ministers and drove thon
from the island, with orders never to re-

turn.

“lhe Sheriff
meetings be h: ld, and it is now hcped that
the excitement will die out, although Mrs
Beal has been committ«d to the insene
asylum and it is said that at | set a Gozon
others of the Helin ss fluck are insane.

“A great many cf the islandrs have
euffered s vere p cuniary Icss through the
revival, having given away or d siroy d
all sorta of b longings, from cows and
sheep to jewelry and even fals: teeth. ihe

y.

ave orders that no more

timely intervention of the authoriti § pres
vented a much greater sacrific , for it had
been arranged by the ministers to hold a
grand renunciation meeting on Sunday, at
which the faithful were to surrender fr
the good of the cause all the money they
could raisa by the sale or murigage of thir

operty.
Pt en oho are familiar with the condition
of the islanders eay that, had this meeting
been hi ld and the plans of the missi-nari $
succeded, not less than $20,000 would have
been collected.”

 

Blood as a Tree Fertilizer.
From ve County Geneman.

For several seasons a very ancient walnut. with
long. gaunt boughs carrying much dead wood, hid
been struggling to live, but each year mauifes ed
Signs (that 11s Hfe was fast disappearing, THe
keeper tn front of whose house the tree swood tu. &
f slinging the a:reass of cach deer he killed overt
one of |ts boughs for dressing. During the proces
all the blood dripped on the ground end wes st

sorbed, The following spring thistree pul foriben
astonishing crop of leaves, and In less than three
seasons It was making new wood and showine o!)

the vigor which had characterized |t thirty yee"
before. Its renewed youth was entirely attripuial '*
to the fertilizing properties of the blood with whl?
{t had been so Wberally dressed.

 

  

The Best Preparation
Colds, Coughs,
and Asthma.
Ret, hk und 82"