ee ————

NOWFOR THE TROUT

Long (stand Season Opens Next
Saturday,

GOOD FISHING IS PROMISED

  

 

The Chief Streama Where the
Public May Angle.

 

Trout on Long Island Believed to Have
Suffered Less Than Those Elsewhere
From the Hard Winter—The Public
Streams Well Restocked With Fish Also
—Advice for Beginners--Exorptional
Fishing Expected In the Ramapo Owing
to Recent Floods—News of Game Birds.

Trout fishing opens on Long Island on
Saturday of this week. The law regarding
the open season was changed last year, as
the former arbitrary date, March 20, occa-
sionally witnessed the beginning of the
season on Sunday, which conflicted with
the Sunday law. The opening day as
fixed by the new law ts the first day after
the last Friday in March,

For many reasons it is belleved that
long Island will this year afford anglers
the best trouting they have ever enjoyed
along its streams, Reports from various
parts of New York State indicate that in-
places in the middle and northern regions,
where trout fishing is ordinarily good,
the fish have suffered greatly from the ir-
tense orld of the past winter. Some cf
the streams have been frozen sclid. That,
of course, means the extermination of all
the trout that did not escape to the deep
mouths of the streams or to the lakes or
rivers Into which they flow.

Fortunately, Long Ieland suffered in no
euch way. The intense cold, while It made
thick ice, was not continuous enough to
freeze any trout stream aclid. Ccld water
never hurt any trout 60 long as ft kept
moving.

Many theusands of yearlings and some
twwo-year-clds have been liberated in vari-
ous trout streams, and these, with the large
quantities of spawn planted each spring
in the streams, will add greatly to the sport
of the fishermen this season. The late-
ness of the spring will detract in no way
from the zest of the trout for worms; In-
deed, it is most cluggish when the water
warms a bit.

A trout taken from cold water {ts believed
by most experienced anglers to make the
best fight. Supt. Walters of the State
Fish Hatchery at Cold Spring Harbor,
savs that this year should open the eyes
of many amateur fishermen who have never
believed that Long Island has any good
trout fishing.

He has shipped hundreds of pailfuls of
rtpawn ard yearlings for planting in the
various streams. Of course only the
yearlings and two-year-olds of those planted
this year will be of legal! size—six inches,
But Supt. Walters planted last year almost
as many eggs ard young trout as he did
this year, and these, he says, should have
voracious appetites by this time,

Before giving a list of Long Island's
trout streams in whose waters the public
may fish unrestricted, it may bs well to
say a word to the amateur whose knowl-
edge regarding tackle &c. is limited.

For rod one should use the lightest avail-
able, which yet appears strong. Strength
ts important, for should one hook a four or
five pound trout, which Is not at all im-
possible, {t needs a good rod to land it,
especially if wielded by an inexperlenoed
hand.

A sufficiently good peel oan be bought
for from $1 to $1.50. The fisherman should
use caution in selecting his line. Do not
economize there. Many a good trout has
been lost because it was at the end of a
poor line. Many another has looked
askance at the heavy cord inexperienced
fishermen have believed good enough for
use,

The best line is a silk one of inconspicuous
color. It must be fine and pliable. For
ordinary fishing in streams from 100 to
200 feet of line will be ample. The reels
marked for 100 yards will, ordinarily, take
200 feet very comfortably.

It is best, if possible, to secure the bait
a week or more ahead of the trip. No
filles will tempt trout at this season. Com-
mon angleworms, the kind to be found in
abundance in almost any back yard, are
suitable.

These are good bait just as they come from
the ground, but if they can be kept in clean
sand for a few days and fed on milk they
become almost perfectly white and much
firmer in flesh than when firet removed
fremtheground. They make the very best
bait when kept from three to ten days in
rand slightly moistened each day with pure
milk,

Many anglers who cannot fish in other
parts of New York State until April 15
have been accustomed to be on hand when
the season opens on Long Islend. Many
of them are members of the fishing and
hunting clubs which have preserves on Long
Island and do all their fishing on posted
streams. But there are a multitude of per-
eons who enjoy fishing who are obliged to
depend upon the publio streams.

The following list of open streams has
been carefully selected after consultation
with Supt. Waltars of the hatchery, State
Game Protector John E. Overton, B. Frank
Wood of the State Fish Commission and a
number of experienced anglers whose in-
formation is as extensive as it is accurate,
In all the streams here described there are
trout waiting for the public.

Jamaica contains the nearest trout stream
to Manhattan or Brooklyn. It is not one
of the important streams, but yields quite
a number of fair sized fish during the first
day or two of each season’s fishing.

No one should select this stream who
cannot arrange to be there early on the
opening day, for the boys of Jamaica,
armed with rods and poles ef all descrip-
tions, go alwavs on the first day, and not in-
frequently before, to entice the trout from
the stream. The stream runs beside the
road leading from Jamaica to Springfield
and is only a mile distant from the Jamaica
post office. Jamaica can be reached from
New York by trolley for five cents.

The stream of the first importanoe, al-
ways, of course, after the private and re-
stricted waters, is the Nissequogue River
at Smithtown. There is between six and
seven miles of fishing, all considered good.

One reaches Smithtown, which ts forty-
seven miles from Long Island City, by the
Long Island Railroad. It is best to go
there the night before the opening day
if possible, ag the early morning, like the
late afternoon fishing, is considered the
best. Ample accommodations may be
had there.

Usually the fishermen reach the banks

 
 

SS Scene reeraewensnpeneene ee
SS

! of the stream at daybreak. Some very | aw in California as game,

  

PR eae, Pr gee

   

because of their

large trout are taken each year from the | immense numbers and of the fact thet

Ni

of the river, where the tide backs the water
up twice each day. Large trout appear
to like the taste of salt at times.

issequogue, especially from the mouth | they are so serious an enemy to grain. ,

It is lawful to take or kill them tn any way,
but they are so common that they bring
poor prices in the markets, and eo do not

Some fishermen who travel annually to | offer much inducament to men who make

the Nissequogue for the opening of the
trouting season make a point of visiting
the river’s mouth early in the morning.

a business of shooting. Yet there are
localities where they are “hunted,” as the
California phrase is, for the mere sake of

Later in the day they seek the pools and | shooting. At one place in Glenn county |

Bw ing eddies found further upstream.

& man makes a business of providing facill-

A millpoud near by affords good trout | tles for gunnera who wish to enjoy this,
fishing for a fortnight after tho season | sport. A number of eheet tron oylinders,

The river itself, however, |s never
be counted

epens.
fished out and may always

upon for sport if the conditions are right | Unt

and the angler is skilful.

There is half a mile of good fishing stream
at Cold Spring Harbor, below the hatchery.
Esch year many good trout are taken from
that stream, especially from what is known
as the Pool. Into that are cast many lusty
but imperfect trout from the hatchery.

Some hungry fish may make a rush at a | captured after

fellow and nip off a fin or a bit of its tail.
Probably the injured fish would not re
cover in the hatchery ponds, as ite brothers

would be quite likely to eat it, so the men | ag they are purposel.
capture the wounded trout in a scap net | outer

and drop it into the pool, where, unmolested,
it quickly recovers. The missing fin does not
detract from its flavor when caught, nor
from the fight it puta up against the angler's
6kill.

This season the fishing at Cold Spring
Harbor will be better than ever before,
because two large ponds, containing hun-

trout burst their dams during one of the
freshets, allowing al] the trout to escape
into the stream.

from Long Island City and is reached in an
hour on the railroad. A stage meets traina
to convey passengers to the harbor, three

miles distant. :
Huntington, thirty-five miles from Long

up some good trout. Unfortunately for
fishermen the planting, which should be
steadily kept up, has been neglected dur-
Ing the two
deteriorated. Still, some good
be made there, especially in the meadows
threugh which the brook

bo the harbor,

The ponds and feed streams of the Brook-
lyn Water Works, at Massapequa, afford
excellent fishing. Permission to fish must

can readily obtein the pecpees permit
for a return postage stamp by acdressing

vith the feed streams are thousands of splen-
did trout, Large fish are also to be caught
in the ponds.

milea from the city.
To the weet of Babylon is what {a known
as the Brook It re about a mile of
very fair fishing. bylon is thirty-seven
miles from the city, and has several

hotels. .

He Shore boasts of two streams, one of
whic’
good trout are taken annually from these
streams.
mils from the

e up
Sayville, Rtty
tains many trout.

city.

art of Brown's River at
Miles from the city, con-
One may fish for about

ing posted sections. .
Patchogue which lies fifty-four miles
from Lon L
each of which may be fished for two miles.
There are two good hotels.
Carmen's River has five miles of fish-
ing, most of which is good.
stretch is posted, but the angler can easily
avoid the p
very enjoyable fishing. He goes either
to Yaphank, fifty-nine miles, or Brook-
haven, on another branch of the Long
Island Railroad. Brookhaven is sixty miles
from the city. ,
At Mastic, sixty-four miles’ from the
weetern end of the island, Forge River
contains many trout, but onl

is unrestricted.

One of the most ploturesque spots
Long Island is the trout stream at Wadi
River. It ls known as the creek,and in

it are some nice fish. One must not look
for a heavy catch, but if he is not delighted
wie be day’s outing, then he is only half
a fisherman.

Glen Cove has a series of dammed Panes
known as the Upper Pond and the Lower
Tad AN these are many trout. The
fishing is open to any one.

Gee Jarsee B. Pearcall, Glen Cove's best
known fisherman, chooves the bridge over
the ypper dam as the best place from which
to seek big fish. He has taken many four
and five pound trout from the pocl formed
by the deep waterfall. He has not missed
an cpening day in twenty years, always
leaving his residence before the first peep
of day and sitting fently on the bridge
hour after hour. Mere fish are taken from
beate a little down stream. but Gen. Pear-
call knows that the lusty fell ws are caught
from the dam, and there he sits.

No effort has been made here to inrlude
private fishing streams in the list. Thre
who allow themselves to be guided by the
above list are reasonably sure of good
fishing.

WILD GEESE IN CALIFORNIA.

 

 

Se Plentiful That One Man Has a Record
of 240 Shot in a Morning.
Wild geese are atill so abundant in Cali-
fornia that they are an actual pest to the
wheat growers of the great interior valleys,
says the Los Angeles Times. During the
winter seasun they are 6o numerous on
the largest ranches of the Sacianento
Valley that men are hired to ride over the
fields with rifles and ghoot at them fre-
quently from daylight unti) dark, in order
to keep them moving and prevent them
from grazing upon the tender young grain.
The birds at times congregate in euch
immense flocks as to seem to cover clcsely
acres of ground. ‘lheir destructive powers
are 6o great that in leas than an hour, and

and experien
dreds, and perhaps thousands, of large | slaughter of the

Island City, bas a trout stream which gives | day, and no market man
at any one time.
ears, and the fishing has | So jt will be seen

travels on ite way! plaint that the game

sportsmin than of the public
though this does not apply to wi

be obtained from the city, but there is Do | mipratory wild geese found in California
diffloulty about that. Any reputable pereon | during the winter season.
mon are snow white in plumage, and of
t these there are two varlet!
the Superintendent of Water Works, Brook- | “honkers” or Canada geese, which weivh
as hich as eighteen pounds when dressed.

each large enough to hold a man conven-
iently, are sunk vertically into the ground
il the upper rim {s almost level with the
surface. In these “tanks,” as they are
called, the gunners may rest, entirely con-
cae Bhd phe birds, which are attracted
oO the spo eco’ @ deco y
be either iiving or dead geese, The dead
birds are ev peertad in a natural position by
means of sticks or wires thrust tnto their
bodies and driven Into the ground, The
live decoys are wild geeae which have been
disabled by shot, and
when fully recovered they are kept for the

urpose of lures. are encl by
a netting, staked out like

a fence, to

them to one place, but are unable to fly,
y deprived of the

oint of one wing, The gunners very
skilfully imitate the calls of the wild geece,
and the decoy birds follow suit, quickly
bringing a flock upon the wing within
range of the guns.

‘Ine shooting of geese uncer such cond{- |
tions ts not 60 easy as it might Cael ;
the birds are very etrong flyers and quic
to take alarm, while the gunners are in |
very cramped aati: But with skilled .

men behind the gurs the

eese is often very great.
A party of four has

been known to kill ;
750 in two wt and one Sacramentan |
has a record of shooting 250 in a morning.

Were it not for the fact that the birca are

Cold Spring station is thirty-two miles | actual pests In the region where this sort |

of slaughter ocours, it would be sternly |
condemned by sportsmen in ifornia,
who have secu the passage of a game
law which ts very strict {n regard to ducks,
a and other game birds, Not more than |
fty ducks may be shot by a gunner tn one
allowed to have
more than that number in his Pomentiop
There ts likewise a limit
to the bag of quafl, and none may be eold.
that wild geese are an

catohes may | exception to the general rule of protection.

law of California
was framed rather {np the interests of the
pee
ld geese.

erent kinds of

x

|
In fact, there has been more or less com- |
There are five or

most com-

 

es. There arealso |

In addition to those mentioned, there are

pequa is twenty-nine | or “spekled

two kinds of brant. There is also a gray
-belly” goose, The brants are |

the most numerous of all.

The wild reese when in d condition

and fat are desirable for the fable and some

varieties are much _ preferred
The pray goose is the favorite, brinping
the best
a cooked
has a mile of public fishing. Many | Smith Russell's reipe, ie a ve
bird as well as tender.
Bay Shore is distant forty-one | and cities wild reese are retailed at from
50 to 75 or 80 cents a pair.

n to the far north, where thelr nesting places
a mile along the river without enoounter- | are, returning with the cnn
son of rains in November.

to others.

rices in the market, and when
th “sage and onions,” after Sol !
palatable ,
In the large towrs

g of the eea-
During the

periods of mirration their clamor at nicht '

land City, has two streams, | when flvine over towrs Is often very notice. |
able, and at times the birds are accidentally

killed by striking electric or other wires in
their swift flight during heavy fogs and in

report of the Massachusetts Commissioners
y aemall part | on Fisheries and Game for 1008, just issued,
contains some
on | about the great increase in tne number of

 

 

Part of the | the darkness.

 

rohibited parts and have some | py FASANTS DOING WELL HERE.

 

Massachusctts Experiment tn Rafstng Them
Called a Success.

Bostow, Mass,, March 19.—The annual

interesting Information

DE | pheasants throughout this State. The
| first lot of birds were liberated in 1899 and
they have now become eo plentiful that it
seems to be only a question of time when |

they will outnumber the partridges. On |
this subject the Commissioners say;

‘The information that comes to us.from |
all sections of the State emphasizes the
fact that the pheasant is doing well; that it
is hardy and able successfully to endure
the rigors of our winters; also that it is a
prolific breeder, and, If treated intelli-
gently, is likely to thrive to such a degree
that it will become the most Important
land game bird in the Commonwealth—
barring the partridge,

“It is quite possible ft may become more
plentiful than the partridge, and thus
attain to the position it has reached in
Oregon—that of being the game bird of
the State.’ But this can occur only as a
numerical consideration, for, bird for bird,
no one wil) expect it to riva) the partridge
in those particoulara that place the latter
in @ class by itself. The position the
pheasant can fill, while secondary, perhaps,
is that of a fine game hird—one that will
probably develop desirable qualities when
hunted that do not show now—which will
ultimately afford much sport; while its
food qualities are so excellent that it prob-
ably has no superior in that particular,

‘In certain parte of the eastern section
of the State the pheasant has increased
wonderfully, This la especially true of
the region which embraces West Gloucester,
Manchester, Essex, Wenham, Danver,
Boxford, Topsfield and Hamilton, In
some of these places it is reputed to be
more abundant than the partridge has
been for some years. Farmers complain
that the pheasants are bold as well as
plentiful, that they pull up newly planted

sometimes, it is said, in a few minutes, they | corn, peck the corn in the ear eo as to ruin

completely etrip from the field upon which
they rest all the shoots of grain above
ground. The men employed to kecp the

 

it, and In winter rob the hens of their food.
Exactly how much of this is true, and how
much imagination and suspicion, it is now

geese moving are called “geese herders.” | difficult to determine.

" hey are not expected or required to shoot

*It is known that the Mongolian pheasant

the birds, but to keep fll nx at them, ard | feeds voraciously on the @:t worm and
s0, 48 much as pcssible, drive them from | other insecte that are injurious to growing

the grain lands.

crops, but ite fondness for grains also is

‘Lhe occupation of ‘he goose herder is | a matter of common knowledge. It is

far from excit.ng or agreeable, and is one
of the moat despised of all rural empley-
ments in California, ‘ie herder must
sally forth when daylight appears, for at
dawn the guese Legin to feed in the grain
fields, where they commonly sleep at nigl.t,
Some of the wheat reaches are many square
miles in extent, and one upon the wesi side
of the Sacia:nento River, in Glerin county,
embraces over 4,000 acres. ‘ihe herder
must ride meny miles in a day, and pursue
his calling in all sorte of weather. Upon
the largest renches half a dozen or more
herders find steady employment during the
winter season. It may happen that in the
course of months of steady work a hei der
will not shoot even one gccre, alihcough
perhaps firing fifty or a hundred shots
a day. ‘lhe geese aré wary, und do not
allow any one to approach them within a
few hundred yards. For this reason it
is necessary for the herders to use rifles,
go that the bullets may strike the ground
where the geese are feeding and put them
to flight.

Tt is a fine sight to see the wild geese
upon the wing at certain hours of the day,
when they are flying to or from the river
or some body of water where they drink.
The eky at times seems filled with long,
waving lines, where the birds are flying
in their peculiar V-shaped flocks, and the
air is laden with their discordant calls.

Wild geese have no protection from the

 

1

 

 

a

not, however, known to us whether the
alleged pulling up of corn was due to an
effort to secure the corn for food or to
get at cut worms. At any rate, the pheas-
ant is blamed for all depredations of this
kind, whether they are committed by crows
or other birds, and the good it doea the
farmer is overlooked by many.

‘This is not true of all, however, for we
know of farmers who are anxious to keep
them on their farms, and, in order to do
it, plant certain kinds of grain that are be-
lieved to be attractive to the birds, Deputy
Thiemann reports that the farmers {n Man-

chester and vicinity often plant F
that the wild posaeante may be well oup-
plied with food.

“A farmer near the line that separates
the towns of Medford and Winchester says
it is usual to see pheasants in his corn
field. The birds, he avers, do not trouble !
the corn, except that, in digging for cut |
worms, they may do elight ; ny
nests that were built fields have been |
broken up and eggs or fledgelings de-
stroyed by mowing machines coming Into |
contact with them. But, despite that and |
unpearonable weather, there has been an
Increase of pheasante.

Liatracis from oceputies’ reports show
how greatly the pheasants have increased
in the last four years. The Gloucester
Goputy says the birds are fotging along 60
well in that vicinity that armers com-
pista of them. the t summer

ode have been seen with nine young

ones. |
The Commissioners found the task of

THE SUN.’ SUN

SOT a ne

xg

DAY. MARCH 20,

   
 

 
 

Winchester

breedin te
this

€ P at the
Btation a difficult one. Regarding
work, the report eays:

“At best, the results are precarious and
uncertain. During the latter part of June,
the time of the largest hatchings, the oo
rains caused a great loss of young pheasant
chicks. ‘lhe d introduce: t year
in the attempt to acclimate several varieties
of foreign birds appeared again, but In a
milder and much less fatal form; only about
fifty birds were lost in consequence of it."

Notwithstanding the many drawbacks,
there were more pheasants for distribution

season By previous year. Ban-
tams are the best sitters and mothers for
pheasant chicks. ‘lhe larger ones will
cover fifteen eggs well, and smaller two
or three less. 8 a rule, they are patient
and the gentlest and kindest of hen mothers,
Heavier hens are very likely to ki
young chicks. ‘the Mongolian or ring.
necked pheasant is a native of a clima
much more rigorous ours, the report
says, and suffers more from the heat of
surnmer than from the cold of winter,

{s has been so thoroughly demonstrated
that it is no longer an open question.

An interesting result wre secured by
crossing golden rnd Mongoli'n fhe sents,
The birds cre nesrly or quite: s lerge £6 the
Mongolian, with msny of the extremely
rich colors end long til of the golden
phersant mixed with distinctive markin
of the former. If the new type breeds
well, and is hardy, it will make en un-
usu: lly beautiful addition to American
game birds, to those who ere fond of" rich
plums ge.

The superintendent of the stetion re-
ported to the Commissioners thst the brood
atock of phe s nts lest yeor consisted of
nine cocks end thirty hens, from which 853
eggs were obtained and 504 chicks were
hatched. The b by phecsants h: tched
Prenay, Cs strong #6 usual, but during

6 latter pert of June, when the lergest
lota were h*tched, a period of excessively
cold end rinv we ther destroyed a gre.t
many of the young birds.

The usu] trouble with vermin ettecking
the young chicks was experienced; but
meny wrevs have been lesrned of keeping
some of the troublesome pests at sucha dis-
tence th: t the ohicks o7-n be recred on the
coer ground ebout the buildings of the ste -
tion. However, the surrounding brush
and t-ll gress sheltered the enemies that
caused mony chicks to dis: ppe’r, end ots
and enakes were the chief agents in de-
stroying them.

Hens heve been used exclusively for
rearing the phe s*nts. A flock of brntems,
ag well pa verious kinds of lrger hens
suitable for the work, hra been kept. Or-
dinarily, the results have been satisfactory.

 

THE DUCKS ARE GOING NORTH.
Birds Bound for Their Summer Homes
Have Arrived tn Canada.

Lacnrne, Canada, March 17.—Although
the weather continues cold, and Iceclad

' lakes give no signs of yielding to the charms

of spring, the northward flight of the ducks
has already begun. The plucky little teal
came along a few nights ago and are splash-
ing about in great glee wherever they find
open water. Thestupidity of the law which
permits the spring killing of coots sad

| mudhens has received exemplification in |

several instances where gunners have
brought home teal, “killed in mistake,”
of course, for the water hens.

One might hope to discover just where

the bright little ducke spent the cold months |
No wild geese breed in California. With ; if an owner could be found for a child's |
the coming of spring they wing their way | plain gold ring, found wedged upon the |
| lower mandible of one of these victims

of perverted sportmanship. On the inside
ig a prettily chased inscription, “Speranza,
Ras, Xt.,” which may lead to its identifi-
cation.

The sheldrake, or shield rake—eo named,

according to the etymologists, because he '

was an old favorite withthe heralds—will
be along as soon as the Ice begins toghrink
toward the middle of the lakes and leaves
stretches of clear water for him toswim in.
He is strictly a monogamist and is pecu!-
farly adapted to the cares of married life,
Up in the North the writer has often been
led by the shrill whistle of the drake toa
hollow in the dry sand, where a comfort-
able nest has been lined first with withered
6talks and then with down plucked from
the breasts of both parents, where the

duck sits upon her clutch of generally a |

dozen white eggs, her mate keeping watch
close beside her.

At feeding times the lady slips off to the }

water side, and sheldrake himself pops
on to keep up the hatching process until
she returns.

One idle Sunday in the woods gave an
opportunity for witnessing the convey-
ance of the newly hatched brood to the
water. The distance was considerably more
than such Peak thi
so the parent birds ca: ght them vu
stout bills, ran down with them and dropped
them in. ‘Ihen they began paddling about
wis reat ease and pleasure.
the young of the lovely little wood duck
brought {rom their lofty nests in the bo. ghs
of trees to their nativeelement. But there
is little doubt that the dainty mother flies
down with each of them in her bill. Most
of the drakes, the wood di ck among them,
go off and have a good time amcng them-
selves while the duck atiends to the hatch-

ing prope.

shovel billed d-ck weaves a curiously
artistic nest 01.1 of the stalis of dry grass,
and to keep them warm, or to conceal them
while feeding, covers her green cclored
ones with a comfortable layar of down.
Lie the sheldrale shealso bi ilds at a ccn-
siderable distance frcm the water, out of

‘the reach of water rat, mink and otter.

The eider duck has thesame pec liarities,
and it is by robbing her nest that mich
of the eiderdown of commerce is obtained.
It is not generally hnown, norbes any
one yet been able to assign the caise cf
the fact, that wild drales, unlile other wild
birds, lose all the beauty of their pli mage
in the summer. ‘he gicries of oclored
wing bars and green, glossy heads disa}-
pear before the end of spring, and | ntil
October comes it is almost impossible to
distingiish between dicks and drai es.
The jolly “sea-pheasant,” or pintail,
displays a zood deal of ingenuity in seel.ing
ready made nests. An old hat, a conven-
ient knot hole, the ange beiween two d
logs, where dead rm shes have gathered,
any place where the eggs will lie, which is
above high water mark, will do for this
really handsome and toothsome bird’s
nesting nlace.
Sam Bull, a well known cook upon the
lumber drives. declares that for three
ears now, he has always had omelete fcr
he men when the drive reaches the movth
of the Little Fagle River. There isa three
uart can, with an indifferent bottom, set in
he bank just there, which proves to be an
irresistible rest to pintails. Be has de-
liberately stolen the ergs there in the

past, and expects to do the same this year |

also. Ofcourse it is wrong, and Sam knows
it to be so. But he arg’es that his men
have been for nine months out of reach of
such |): xuries as new eggs, and what does

it matter whether he ''ses them now for the

neoeassities of his hands, or whether some
crank with a giin shoots the hatched out
birds later on for the fun of the thing or
for the pot?

No doubt, numbers of ducks’ neste are
looted bv river drivers in the spring, nor wil}
those who know the arduove life of these
men feel inclined to begrudge them an oc-
casional egg.

Plans Filed for New Bulldings.

BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN:

7th av, 2228-90; six story tenement and atores;
Gotuleb Barpas, 39 Beekman place,
owner: G F Pelham, Sth av, architect;
GRR sores cade acts Calerieaelanskininelaiens
111th st, ns, 875 © 8th av: two stx aboey. apart-
ment houses: Louis Block, 17 Waverley
ce, owner; same architect; cost........

148d st, ns, 100 @ 7th av: four five sto
fate: Amelia Newmark, 818 E 116tb st,
owner: same aranitect; CuBt. 6... cree
Broadway and 112tb 41, s Ww cnr: one story
stores; Slawson & Hobbs, 284 Columbu:
av, owners; L A Goldstone, aronitect;
BOs ji is Cideiccess Sa andiuki Clissd easaais
Bist ct, 402 E; two story stable: R J Hahn,
285 & sath st, owner; H W Howard, Jr,
90 E 42d at, architect; cost. .

asc OF TEE BRONX.
A 684 8 ne @V; Iwo and a
"Fle “Riot aweitng: Youn ‘Stan Fults
Sispen WatsBela, Schutt con
akefeld, ¢ j

 

$55,000
180,000

182,000
10,000

hester avs, owner; Willlam
$8,500

we

could manage, :
in their ;

ar as is known, no one has ever seen |

Af ey Pen eee Pee

1904.

  

‘TRE REAL BSTATE MARKET,
WASHINGTON HEIGATS AND I7T8
INTERESTING FUTURE.

 

 

Bricklayers’ Strike the Chief Obstacle to
a Big Bullding Movement—It Is Not
Expected to Last, However—The
Charles T. Barney Syndicate’s Plans.

The strike of the bricklayers and brick-
layers’ helpers could hardly have come
at a more inopportune moment. It has
not only tied up work on many building
| operations started or planned before the
' beginning of the prolonged shut-down
| that commenced last May, but it has raised

apprehension of another ruinous conflict
| in the building industry and has caused a
| virtual suspension of such preparations for
new construction work as have been taken
up this year.

So far as Manhattan is concerned, these
preparations have not been on eo larze
| a scale as those of the corresponding period

a year ago. But they were beginning to
| show a tendency to increase, and before the
strike ocourred it was generally believed
5 an unusual amount of construction

 

work would be undertaken before the end
of May, particularly in the flat and tene-
ment sections.

The principal factors that have tended
to check new building operations so far
this year have been scarcity of money
and high prices for certain kinds of mate-
rials, notably brick. A substantial reaction
in the average oost of builiing materials
was expected, however, on the opening of
| river navigation, and competent authorities
| had expressed the opinion that the oost
| of construction would be lower this spring
than it had been in several years. It was
also confidently believed that the scarcity
of money would largely disappear before
long.

In fact, the situation in the mortgage loan
market has been something of an anomaly.
Under ordinary circumstances, with a
quiet stock market and with call money
ruling at the rates which have recently
prevailed, capital should have been readily
obtainakle on realty mortgages. That
the contrary has been the case |: probably
to be explained bv the huge railway | ars
that have been taken up and by the great
speculatirn In cotten, er ffee, and wheat,

To what extent these factors will oon-
tinue to affect the realty market is not
| yet plain. It has been evident, however,
| that they would be considerably modified
before the active building season opened.

he heavy railway borrowings have to a
| large extent represented the demands
| of improvements withheld last year, and
| the extreme epeculation in ootton and
food staples could hardly continue in the
ace of the planting of enlarged crops
anticipated this spring.

Furthermore, it has been generally as-
sumed that the present Legislature, find-
ing it meceasary to provide additional
revenues to cover an increased State bud-
get. would be induced to substitute a
| recording fee for the present tax on mort-

gages. By adopting the Bostwick bill,
| which has the support of all the leading
| realty and mercantile organizations in
| this city, the pose eure can obtain the
| Needed increase of income without aban-
| doning its poiicy of avoiding, as far as pos-
sible, direct State taxes, 60 that the objec-
, tions from locai agricultural communities,

which have in the past defeated cimilar

| bilis, no longer have the same weight a
| Albany as heretofore. ‘Ihe abolition of
i the tax on mortgages would of itseif be
' sufficient to reverse the existing condi-
tion of the mortgage ioan market, without
any diminution in rauway borrowings
or o the speculation in cotton and food
staples.

betcre the bricklayers’ strike occurred
the building outlook was, therefore, ex: ep-
tionally favcrable, in so far partic ulariy
as it concerned the middle grade resi-
dence districts, In those districts the de-
mand for housing is greater than the sup-
ply, rente have risen 20 to 25 per cent. in
{ the last three years and taxes lave fallen.
Just how threatening the labor situation
‘ ig, it is, of course, impossible as yet w de-
termine. Both employers and laborers
have lost heavily through the tna tivity
of the past ten months. The employers
undoubtealy feel the ne essity of taking a
firmer stand in support of the arbitration
agreement, which has been established at
euormous cost, On the other band, the
bric klayers’ helper charge that the mason
builders were the first to violate the a; ree-
ment, and laborers in other branc)ies ap-
parently fear that the employers intet.d
to use the arbitration agreement as a « loak
‘for attempts to reduce wages gererally.
{If this imipient distrust is not removed,
it is impcssible to see how a general con-
test, involving the question of an cpen shop,
car be avciced,

Meanwhile, the Precast strike, if con-
fined to the original issue, shoula be settled
without muoh ciffo. lty. The mason bvild-
ers have acknowle gad their nistake in
announcing a redi ction in overtin e wages.
This reduction was an Insignificant ove,
afiecting merely a hancft) of n en, and the
mason bvilders have always in tLe past
shown themselves willing to pursvea pacific
course in matters relating to wages. ‘The
cost of labor in a unionized industry, Uke
the bi ilding industry in New York, is alwa: 6
shifted to the public. and it may be assun ed
that both employers and laborers heartily
desire to prevent a repetition of last yerr’s
shutcown if it can be Gone without prejn-
dice to interests of fundan enta] importance
to carita] on the one hand and unionized
labor on the other.

Putting aside the probability of another
shutcown, a bi ilcing moven ent of unpre-
cecented volun c in tenerrents, flats, apert-
nents and dwellings may nq! estionably
be looked for In the uptown residence cii-
tricts. Prelisinary preperations for such
a movervent have elready been made.
In the territory served by the Lenox avenue
branch of the s.bway, operators have
recently bought up practically all the va-
ent land in the market and are ready to
sell it with b: ilcing loans to spec: lative
bi ilcers as soon as the Istter see their way
clesr to berin construction work without
risk of interruption.

W hile the lot movement along the easterly
branch of the 6 bway was in prog
comparatively little activity of this kind
was roted in the territory contiguour to
the Broadway lire. ‘lhis is accounted for,
however, by the fact that the buving alorg
the westerly branch began earlier. Most
of the lard on Washir¢ton Feights, for
instar ce, hae been in the ha: ds of sy: dicates
ard irdividval operators for more than
‘a year past. There is just as much lard
| inthe possession of oyerators alorg the

westerly branch of the 6 bway as along
| the easterly, ard it is quite certain that
| when building is begun on the Harlem
| meadov git will also be started on the high-
| lar ds to the west.

|

The building movement on the heights
promises to be more varied in character
than that on the lowlards. The former

| is expected to ren the architecture of

the West Side, while the latter will evidertly
corform to the tenement ard flat house
| eometruction which prevails tn lower Har-
lem. Those who cortrol] the vacant lard
on Washirgton Heights irterd that it shall
be built up with hizh grade apartments
ard private houses 6u-h as are to be found
in large numbers on the West Side and on
the Morrir aide p'ateau.

On account of its natural attractions
there ig no undevelo section of Man-
hattan whose immediate future will be
followed with such great interest as that
of Washington Heichts. This rerion begins
at 135th street and St. Nicholas avenue,
and stretches westward to the Hudson
and northward to Fort George and the
Harlem River. It inoludes the hirhest

int of the island of Manhattan, riaing

To feet above tide level.

Ten years ago there were not more than
half a dozen apartment houses ip the en-
tire region, and such dwellings as there
were were for the most part the ooun-
try homes of residents of the city.

| To-day the lower end of the Heights

  

}
|
'
|

|

 

 

 

   

le well built over

with apartment houses
and more or less modest dwellings, in about
equa! proportions, Within the last three
years tide of population has been ad-
vancing with the utmost rapidity, The

upper end, however, is still éparsely occu-

In addition to the subway, a develop-
ment which has done its part in bringing
the Heights to the attention of {ovestors
and operators has been the completion of
the viaduct bridging over the valley be-
tween the end of Riverside Drive at 120th
street and the beginning of Bouleyard
Lafayette, which runs along the bank of the

udson, The region skirted by this road-
way is still given over to large estates,
surrounded by trees and well kept lawns,

The general plan of the extcusion of the
Riverside Driveway provides for a carriage
road 60 feet wide, a bridle path 20 feet wide,
two walks 15 feet each, and grass plots
5 feet wide between roads and walks. Trees
will be pleated at the sides of the roade
and walks, At intervals terraced wa:k3
and flights of steps will be laid out on the
to the river. The carrying
out of the plans will provide a pleasure
driveway from Centra) Park West through
Riverside and the Boulevard Lafayette to
Dyckman Valley and back by the Spoed-
way and St. Nicholas avenue, in all a dis-
tance of fifteen miles.

A complete drainage, sewerage and
water supply system is arranged, not for
the park only, but for the future require-
ments of the pcpulation which will fol-
low the building up of thie setion of the
citv. Fifty acres of additional park laid
and breathing space will be furnished by
the driveway,

The hecinning of construction work
on the He'chts this spring is assured by
the recent action of the Charles T, Larne
sy licate in placing part of ife great hold-
ings on the market. The t sele’ ted
for immediate improvemet 1s comprised
in the territory bounded by Riverside
Drive, Convent averve, 134th and Lith
streets. All the vavrnt land in this terri-
tory is owned bv fhe syndicate, by the city
or by big institutions, and the syndicate
can, therefore, determine the character
of its fi ture development,

Lota on the business thoroughfares, like
Broadway and Amsterdam avenue, will
be sold to builders of high grado apart-
ment houses. while the remaining land
will be restricted in large part to private
houses, That the building movernent need
not be delaved the syrdicate has decided
to make building loans to purchasers. For
the first time in many years an important
ard attractive region in Manhattan is
made available for improvement with
dwellings that can be sold at moderate
cost, say. $15,000 and upward, The region
is served by a Subway station at Broad-
way and 187th street and will 8007 be as
near, in point of time, to the City Hall as the
West Side row is,

The lard offered by the Barney syndicate

slopes leadin

will be. however, but one of many ce!
of building activity on Washington Heights,
as there is at present an undoubted demand
for the kin of hovsing for which lots
there are suited. The renting situation
as regards apartment hovses has never
been more favorable to Luilders, while In-
rivate houses have practically

expensive
uilt in Manhattan for several

not been
years past.

 

Private Sales,
TREET.—Horace 8. Ely & Co, have
Far aire, Sarah W. Downer No. 103
17th street, a four story and base-
welling, on lot 20x100, to Dr. Louie

117T,
sol
West
ment
Rosenbaum.

SEVENTY-EIGHTA STREET.—Duff & Con
and John J. Kavanagh have sold for
Levi Jacobs to Charies Gulden No. 407
East Seventy-eighth street, a three story
and basement dwelling, on lot 18.0x102.2.

188RD STREET,—Louis Franke) has sold No,
82 West 133d street, a five story flat, on lot
232x100, for Jacob Klein, to Adolph Miller.

128TH STREET.—J. SCOTT has sold for
Maria W. Alexander to Caspar Levy the
southwest corner of 128th street and Eighth
avenue, a five story flat, on lot 25x100.

116TH STREET.—George J. Dowders has
sold for a client to Frank A. Jaeger the
southeast corner of 116th street anu Seoond
avenue, a five story flat, on lot 22.11x100.

105TH STREET.—Max Klein has bought No.
155 East 105th street, a five story flat, on
lot 18x100.11, through David Kohn,

TREMONT AVENUE.—M. F. Kerby has sold

for Mrs. E. M Nichols-Vermeer a plot of
six lota on Tremont avenue, 120 feet west
of Anthony avenue.
PROSPECT AVENUE.—M. F. Kerby has aold
for a Miss Husted to Tomasso Uiogany
a plot, 66x150, on the west side of Prospect
avenue, north of ISist street.

187TH STREET.—L. Klinger & Co. have sold
for Weil & Maver Nos. 47 and 49 Weet £37th
stre‘t, two fivo story flats, on lot 50x100,
at $52,000,

NINETY-SEVENTH STREET.—Amos_ F.
Lamphear and Edward Kohn & Co. have
sold for the Keystone Realty Company
the seven story apartment house on plot
650x100, on the south side of Ninety-seventh
street, 100 feet east of Wert End avenue.
In part pavment the buyer gives a dwelling
and grounds at Madison, N. J.
IVERSIDE DRIVE.—Slawson & Hobbs

> have eold for William Rankin and W gar
Pruden the Columbia Court, a seven ratory
apartinent house, on plot 103.7x100 tix-
110.6, at the northeast corner of Riverside
Drive and 115th street

FIFTEENTH | STREET.—The Monmouth
Bullding and OOrtAr Oe Company has
sold the lot, 25x09, at 28 West Fifteenth

street. A tn story store and loft build-
ing will be erected.
144TH STREET,—Slawaon & Hobbs. have
sold for Henry T. Sloane toa clie: t for oc.
cupancy, No. 546 West |14th street, a four
and oré-half story American basement
dwelling, on lot 20*109.11
SEVENTY-SEVENTH STREET.—Collins &
Collire have sold for Eather E. Morse to a
cliert of Davia & Robingon, Nos. 153, 155
and 157 Enst Seventy-seventh atreet, three
three story and basement brownetone
front dwellings, on plot 571x192 2, adjoining
the northeast corner of Lexington avenue
SIXTY-FIFTH STREET.—Edwerd J Mol-
oughney has sold the plot, 1x1, on the
north side of Sixty-fifth «treet, 159 feet
east of Amstredam avenue, to a biulider,
for improvement with two apartment
houses sikh
IRST AVENUE Mary Mulvihill has sold
"eS Fanny Rosenbaum eh 2324 First ave-
nue, a five etory flat, on lot 25x11
IGHTY-EIGHT STREET —John e
COT EOD Wo. bs) East kiatty-olente
etreet, o five story fint, on lot 25x18
_ NICHOLAS AVENUE.—James Qillespiea
aa sold to Louis Pierce, Nos 11, 18 and
15 &t. Nicholas avenue, two Ave syory: flats,
on plot 8& #x1% S5x75x59 11, Adj
northweet corner of tlith street
185TH STREET —Jacob Soheer has bought
the plot, 75x1! 8 19, on the north side of 135th
etreet, running through to 136th etreet
ast of Lenox avenue, He will

uild,
GATY - EIGHT STREET. ~Liebner &
EG tort have Noueht Noa. 117-10 et
Eighty-elehth atreet, two five story flats,
on plot 50x100.8.
EAST THIRTY-FIFTA STREET.—The City
Real Property Investing Company his
sold No. 27 East Thirty-Afeh street, a two
etory brick stable, on t 25x98.9. The
buyer is Seorge Burroughs Torrey, who
will convert the builting into a studio,
8T. NICHOLAS AVENUE.—Max Marx hos
Mal through é. §. Dressler to Albert Bruck.
er No. 021 St. Nicholas avenue, northweat

corner of l5ist atrert, a five story flut, on |

lot 25,10x92.J0x24 11x99.9.

ARK AVENUE,.—Louis Frankel hag resold

S for Adolph Miller to Max J. Klein No. 164
Park avenue, a five atory flat. on lot 25x90.

108D STREET.—lLeo, Ratz has sold to M.
Mintz Nos, 218-20 East 1031 street, two four
story fiats, on plot 59x100.11,

TENTH STREET.—William Henry Folsom
bas sold for John 8. Barclay to Meyers
& Aronson No. 199 West Tenth street,
a three story building, on lot 25x95.

1018T STREET.—Charies Wynne has bought
from Margaret Luttrell Nos.
1Olst atreet, two five story flats, on plot

60x100.11.
GIZTY-NIN H STREET.—The Crutkehank
ompangy has eol4 for the trustees of the
Fund for Agect C.ereymen of the Episcopal
Church No, 826 West Sixty-ninth street,
a five story double tenement, on lot 25x100.8.
MONROE STREET Gordon. vy & Co.,
have sold to a Dr. Weinstein Nos. 102 to
106 Monroe atreet, three aix story tenements,
on plot 77.6x93.
107TH ~STREI T.--Flsie Lotze hae sold to
Arthur J, Stefani No, 288 Peet 107th etreet,
five eer tenement, with stores, on plot
81x100.11.

PARK AVENUE Francis. Trainer and
« Adolph Rake have bought for improvement
the plet 96x89 on the west side Park

avenue, 99 feet south of 188d etreet,

TRI MONT AVE NUF.—A plot with frontages
on the Grand Boulevard an ‘onoourre,
177th etreet and Tremont avenue, bas been
eid, by the New York Catholio Orphan

sylum.

 

Misoellaneous.

No. 360 Broadway, which offered
. y times ae peer past

at auction 60 man
year by Parish, Fisher, Mooney 4 .
positively to be sold on Thursday to the high-
est bidder, regardless of price.

Arnold & Byrne were the brokers ta the

 

a

tres |

oining the |

13-15 East |

 
   
 

 

 

M. Morgenthau, Jr. @ Co. announce that
the Central Reaity. Bo
is the buyer of the fifteen
Westchester avenue an
and of the foundry
avenue, between st
8. A. Kors fe the buyer of Nos,
East Fifty-firat etreet, and L. Kre
of No. 123 West 135th street.
David Stewart negotiated tne
twenty-nine lote on Wadewort
the Fort George Syndicate to the New York
and Long Island Realty Company, repo:
yesterday.

ta at the corner of
Da

np's and Brook avenues,
222 and 74
il the buyer

sale of the

 

Coming Auction Sales.

MONDAY, MARCH 21.
By Bryan L, Kennelly,

West Fnd avenue, No. 335, west side, 28.7
south of Seveuty-sixth street, 256x100, four sto
and basement dwelling.

By James L. Wells.

Third avenue, east side, 289.10 north of 17étb
Street, 09.113100x99.1x100; J. W. Phelps va,
Stanton et al; G. F. Alexander, Rore *
Russell, referee; due on judgment, 16,258.63;

Mortgage for $12 000,
TUESDAY, MARCH 22.
By Bryan L. Kennelly,

Chrystie strect, Nos, 168 and 170,
feet south of Rivington strect, woses’ feo" dee

Story tenements with stores.

Allen street, No. 26, east side, 172.10 feet south of
Roster Street, 25.72%75.8; six story tenement with

0)

Ludlow street, Nos. 118 and 120, east side, 990.8
feet north of Delaucey street, 90.0287.0; ¢' ve
story tenements with stores,

Norfolk street, No. 134, east side, 78 feet north
of Rivington street, 22x78, six story brick étable,

Goerck street, Nos. 6 and 7, West side, 126 feet
north of Grand street, 57.10x100; two seven story
tenements with stores.

ifty-second street, 828, south side, $82 feet east
ot) SoeG nd avenue, 21.4x100.5; four story single

at,

Fifty-seventh street, No. 35%, south side, 75 feet
west of First avenue, 20x80; three story and .
ment brick venalng:
102d street, No. 824, south stde, 250 feet west of
First avenue, 24,11x100.11, five alory tenement.

Lexington avenue, No, 1715, east side, 84.8 fess
north of 107th street, 16.836); four story sing

flat.
By Herbert A. Sherman.
Yonkers—A tract of 22.03 acres, fronting on
sidegof Nepperhan avenue, canting to
erhan River and adjoining Lane of M

h
ie
“wing; executors’ ard ‘eston,

io; estate of Edw.
deceased.
By Joseph P. Day.

Fifty-clehth street, Nos. 808 and 81 aide,
142 feet west of Eighth avenue, 41.1lx 41.9%
100.5, nine story brick hotel’ H. T. Ran ve. ' T.
McMurray et al: James 8. & E., shores . B
Brennan, referee; due on judgment, $87

106th street. No. 56, sou de, 107.7

Columbus avenue, 33.6x100.11, five story ek
tenement; United States Life Insurance Oo. ys.

ma Ruod et al.; D. B. Tancey, atto s. W.
Maguire, referee; due on judgment, 0.23;
subject to taxes. dc. $1,850.68.

By Charles A. Berrian, ty
St. Nicholas avenuo, No. 608, east side, 129.7 fect
south of i4ist stroet, 18.8x90.2x18x02.2, five ators
brick tenement; G. B. Goldschmidt et al Jobn
Connors et al.; D. F. Toumey, storey: R. C, Ten
Eyok, referee; due on judgment, 618,268.78; gubject
to taxes, &c., $525.91.
By Bernard Smyth & Sona.
164th street, No. 1037. north side, 173 feet east of
Prospect avenue, 109x74.6, four story brick tene~
ment; Edward Halght as executor and vs.
J. E. Brown et al.; W. H. Gibson, attorn &

Tinsdale, referee; due on judg
Gubject to texes, &c., $200.
a 22.

WEDNESDAY.
By Parish. Fisher, Mooncy & Oo.

Fighty-elghth street, Nos. 11, 18 and 16, north
side, 100 feet west of Central Park West, 00.8,
three five story single flats; voluntary e

168d street, Nos. and 678, south side, 175.6
feet east of Melrose avenue, 601100, two three
story frame tenements and two two story frame

ry

tenements on rear: Metropolitan Savings Bank

vs. M. A. Hayes et al. A iv H ro rney:

corre Burnham, referee: due on judgment, $7. -
058.61: subject to taxes, &c., $502.02,
By Bryan L. Kenaelly

Broadway, No. 2800, northeast corner of Eight -

third street, 20.6x83.6x20.6x83.4; Ove story flat,

with store.
Broadwa: Yos. 2802 and 2304, east aide, 20.%
fect north if fj hty-third street, 40.112%83.11240.8x -
at, with stores.
229, north side, 88.6

63.4; five story
Fighty-third street, No.
sory fiat;
Kruse, de-

feet east of Broadway, 81,1x102,2; five
* estate of Obristlan
ceased.

Sixty-sixth street, No. 241, north side, 200 feet
eastof West End avenue, 25x100.5; five story stone
front tenement; Equitable Life Assurance ety
vs. Mary O'Connor et al.’ Alexander & C., atiornens:
d. A. Walsh, refereo; sine udgment. $16,877.65:

subject to taxes. &c.. ‘
By Samuel! Goldstioker.

Fourth avenues, southeast corner of Fleventh
street. 22.8x58.8x12.1252.11, three story brick bulld-
ing. leasehold. Trustee's sale.

By Joseph P. Day.

Park avenue West, No. #463, west side, 111 feet
south of {82d street, 18x87.2218x88.6, two etory
frame dwelling; Fanny Fittingoff vs. 0! an
et al.; L. Laebman, attorney: &. J. Tinsdale,
reteree; due an Judement, $475.20" subject to taxes,
&c., $375; sold sublect to a mortgace of

101st street, north gde, %@ fret ecst of Lexington
avenue, 240%100,.11; National Citizens’ Bank ¥
Provident Realty Gompany et al.; Blandy, M. & S.,
attorneys; Charles Putrel, referee: due on judg-
ment, $5,530.80: subject to taxes, &o., $844.08; prior
Mortgage, $80,000.

By Philip A. Smyth.

Sedgwick avenue. west side. 819.6 feet north of
Celar avenue, 204.3x132.6x265.2x187.11, ¢wo story
stone front dwelling and two story frame stable;

J. P. Welch vs. HG. Hilton et al.; Mayer & G,,
attorneys; George Aiaas, revere! ae on judgment,
$301.17: subjfect to taxes, &o., 82,

By McViokar Realty Trust Co.

Third avenue, No. 3500, cast side, 73.8 feet south
of tekth strect, 30.42120%80.6x121, Ave atory b
tenement; F. W. Devoe, a8 trustee, vs.
Zeltner et al.: E. A. Allen, attorney: W. K. M. et,
referes; due on Judgment, $£6.450.63; to
tances, do., 62.620.

By John S. Mapes.

Willow Lane road, north side, at south corner of

lot which William H. Bowne and wife conveyed to

Samuel Nelson; 834 feet to centre of
x54x887.6 to Wiilrw Lane mad 164.6; G. A.
vs. ian Garry, os administrator et al: f
Washburn, attorney: W. S. Bennett, re
on judgment, $2,160: subject to taxes, &o.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 24.
Ry Parish, Fisher, Mooney & Co.
Broadway, No. 300, west sider, 60 feet a ow
Franklin street, 26x 150 to Fraoklin y, five
stone front office building: P. A. Hart vs. V.
| Hart et al.; Kelloee & B., attorneys; Randolph
Hurry, referee; partition.

Ry Joseph P. Day.

St. Nicholas avenue, No, @0, cast Side, 908 feet
' south of (4)st street, 18.8x102.42182105.4, five story
brick tenement; F. C. Huntington, as ¢

rustes, VE.
Johanna Spellman et al.; T. N, Rhinelander
ney: Sol, Kohn, referee; due on Judgment, 62h S08-008
subject to taxes. 4o., 58. -

By Joseph P. Day.

FRIDAY, MA
Seventy-ninth street, No. £13, north ede,
feet east of Second avenue, 20%102.2, r
stone front dwelling: William Mobr va. M. J.

et al: L. S. Goebel, attorney: J. W.
| dr. referee: due on judgement, $1,000.80; su’
; taxes, &o., 81; prior mortgage,

 

Real Estate Transfers.
c letters q c stand for quit claim
ater bargain and sale deed: c a s.

DOWNTOWN.
deed: ® and
ir tae eon-
talning ovVenant against grantor only.)

(South of Fourteenth st.)
ist av, 274, e 6, 25x96; John Roth  Predertok

| CC Woebr, part, ali Ute. ............... Om
| Villa av, e 8, 408 0 Potter pl, 106x100; Thomas
| A Briggs Ww orm, mtge 8800
| worsyth st. 68, ¢ 8, 28x100; Vous’ Margulies

‘orsyth st, e x 100;

| Farr ilohsel Rershaesky, 14 of rent Ute

| and interest, mige $81,600.............., Om
| Lewis st, 12, ¢ &, 252100; Harris Mandelbaum
and sno to Mas Goldinan, mige $13,000

uch ueaeanaeas serail cerns > iaaie (Ql Boe wm»
Macd ugal st. 85, Ww 8, 25.6x75; rge Till-
manns © Angelo Mazzantt and ano, mige

| (9.000: i cciis cdayvs relicstenistlbtecisicel | Sees
Park st, &5, 9 8. 189 w Mulberry at, runs a@
20.2x n W BO.1x o it.5n e 2.6; rginia
Theresa Znardi, migo

are Wrraee tie tereee BOM

Nabile et al to
BAST SIDE,

(East af Ptfth ac., beiween Fourteenth and 110th ata.)
| Madison av, 1680, ws, 108.11x70; Ellas Rosen-
| thal to Harry Shwitzor, mtges $80,000....
| 2d av, 1880, e 26574; Frank SchaeMer,

trustee, to Nicholas Schioeder, trustes..
' Same property; Nicholas Schioeder, trustee,
\ asbrouck, trustee..........06
Vv, —k-—, belngs }4 Susan

nom

to Louis B nom

BSth st, ns, 1s) 6 5

st; Margaret D Todd, exr and (trustee, to

| Annle BOYIStOB. oct ce eect e ree eee

| Same property; MF Todd et al to same. qo,

| 108th st. 8 a, 200 e 2d av, 100*100.11; H § Hise
man and apo Ww Robert Friedman, mtg
bth at, 8. {86 © B4 av, T6AN IG. i0; Me

1 at. a & e av I atida

| Grate

§ s %s

Crawford and ane to Margaret
ford, mtge $2500...
Wrar AIDr
| (West ef Fttth ar, between Fourteenth and (t0th ote.)
Oth av, na, 46m e@, Oth mM, 2xTS, all tite to
1-6 part: 4th av, © # 25M lieth st, 25xO8.0¢
Irreq, 1-12 part; Charles J Schmitt to George

E Schmttu qe.. ... Nig hss

| 6Bth at, n a, 100 @ Amst om ar yous 19841
Brevoort Rea) Estate Edw J Mo-
loughney, mtge $43,500............0¢ and

| Same property; Edw J Motloughney t

| __Phttip Metrowitz, miges 8,000 0 ¢ an

| O7th st, s 8, 100 e West Prd av, 502100.13; Joha
R Pease to Richard R Vernon, mige $05,.

000 +3: 4,0 © and
OOth Ki. 41. WW. Rx100.11! Jacob GO Harris to
Gertrude Horwitz, mtgre $72.000 eves

RA KLEM.
(xManhattan [shand, north of 110th et)
tiath #t, 277770 W, 100.11; Abraham
Scheinhere and ano te Rachael Scheln-
berg and ano. mie $40,008
12th st, 256 W, 25x00.1).
to Minnle G Moeller, mtge $1?,000........
Vist st, 2.4, 890 w 7th ay, 74x90.11; Pleisch-
mann fealty and Construction Co to
Henry Lichtenberg. mtre $40,000..0 oc and
teist at, & 8, 812.6 w Tth av, 87.6x90.11;
Fleischmann Realty and Construction
Co two Louls Lichtenberg et al, mtga
#.9,000..... ery ...0 ¢ and
With st, 6 6, 100 © 1b av, SMOrHP.11; Wein
£6x89.11; Daniel
eeeeee lO 6

 

at. n 6, 100 ¢ 10th av, |b
Saybel to Peter J Sbietds..
BRONX.
(Rorough of The Bron.)
Bogie av, w 8, 100.2 s Westchester av, fm
; Katharing Roth to Anton WN
MUFSO $13,000, ... 00ers 0 0 &nl

a Ae

 

-
sale and West inepr-ei th
ore .ff omit! ab ; tee Oebrae
Lowther, trustees, to Loeb, ;

nd Trust Company:

roperty an Weatcheater i i

a

avenue for ©

feet
ry

Subject to taxes, &c,, $247.39; sold subject to &

&

a

er Wasa ne eee

Sa ETRE ERROR TEE Faas