SS

ee

SS

ae —— = a on.
SS SE ESTEE RTM Se bee me

ote oe en ae Cee. ieee ae ees

THE BIBLICAL PROCESS OF CREA~
TION ILLUSTRATED.

 

 

Going On Now on the Gulf Coast of Louist-
ana and Mississippi—Supreme Court to
Pass on It—Richest Oyster Beds in the
World at Stake in a Puzé#ling Suit,

New Onveans, March 19.—The States of
Louisiana and Mississippi have now before
the Supreme Court of the United States a
cnze that is likely to give the Justices a great
deal of trouble because of the confused
and contradictory evidence. It concerns
the water boundary of Louisiana and Mis-
sissippi.

Once the disputed territory was valueless.
‘To-day it is one of the most valuable pieces
of property on the Gulf coast because of
its oyster beds. 5

J. .3, Bayier of the United States Coast
and Geodetic Survey, who has just made a
survey of the Louisiana oyster reefs, reports
that it is the finest oyster ground in the
world, Chesapeake Bay not comparin
with it. ‘The total area of tidal bottoms is
geven million acres, of which four milliga
acres are well adapted to the growth of
oysters.

A sample oyster reef, that on” Grand
Bayou, has yielded more than §400 an
acre. The oysters are ‘unsurpassed in
quality and size, Mr. Bayler reports, and
are ‘marketable within two years from the
time the shells are placed in the water.

For asmall section of the disputed terri-
tory a Mississippi packer has offered $200,000
a year. It can be imagined from this offer
how valuable the territory in dispute is
and why the two States are fighting so
fiercely for this uninhabited mareh and
sound.

A compromise has been arranged until
tle case shall be decided, and both Louisiana
and Mississippi oystermen are taking oysters
from the natural reefs.

What is the water boundary between
the two States?

Louisiana was admitted to the Union
first and the boundaries were fixed by
Congress. It has therefore somewhat of
a priority claim, as Congress could not
afterward take away any of its territory
to give it to Mississippi.

Unfortunately Congress was unaware
of the unstable condition of the land, as
well as the water, on the Gulf coast, and,
instead of fixing the boundary by means of
longitude and latitude, it used rivers,
channels, islands and other changeable
or movable objects as boundary posts.
These might have served elsewhere, but
on the Gulf coast the system is as unsafe
es it would be to tix the limits of farms
by crows or blackbirds.

The natural changes that have been
going on in Louisiana in the last hundred
years would drive the average mapmaker
insane if he tried to keep up with them.
Islands have been born and have died,
rivers have appeared and disappeared.

It has been easy to keep track of the
Mississippi River boundary, for that sec-
tion is thickly populated and every change
that takes place there is recorded. It is
necessary, however, for the two States to
keep books on the subject and adopt a
clearing house system.

Some years ago, by special treaty, they
made a swap. There were a dozen pieces
of Missiesippi which had moved over into
Louisiana by the eccentricities of the Mis-
sissippi, and as many Louisiana islands
that had annexed themselves to Mississippi.
An exchange was made, the areas thus
ewapped being about equal in acreage.
Another exchange will soon be due. Turn-
bull Island, formerly a part of Wilkinson
county, Miss., js now in Pointe Coupée

h, La., whereas Durango plantation,

uisiana, has moved into Mississippi.

. DeSoto Point, La., is now an inland portion
of Miccissippi, while as compensation
Pitcher’s Point, Miss., has become Louis-
Jana ground. Terrapin Neck, La., has
been lost to that State, while the famous
Davis Island, the seat of Hurricane planta-
tion and the home of the Davis family,
‘which gave the Confederacy its only Presi-
dent, is in the process of being absorbed
by Louisiana.

A swap, however, can easily be made,

d it will not need any judgment of the

nited States Supreme Court to yearrange
the boundaries.

On the Gulf Coast, however, it is different,
because the country is even more unstable
there, and becausea large part of it is
uninhabited. Here the process described
An the early part of the book of Genesis is
going on, for the land and water are not

t separate.

_ The changes going on from year to year
gre almost incredible, and as marvellous
gs those made by the shifting sands of the
desert, The confusion is increased by the
early French nomenclature, for they treated
¢he Mississippi as the ocean and called points
capes and bends bays.

Many of the lakes, like Lake Borgne,
are only bays; gulfs like Grand Gulf are
only whirlpools. Moreover, the French
called the swamps prairies, and elevations
in the low country islands, they being islands
in times of very high water.

It is, however, when we oome to the
configuration of the land that the greatest
confusion occurs, owing to the changes
that have taken place. There are some
eighty maps of the disputed territory,
but they only create confusion by the
differences they show.

Even the most modern maps of Louisiana
are faulty, for a new one would have to be
made every year to be correct, because of
the crevasses, the sinking of land /here,
the raising there from overflow deposita,
the change of channel or current, the sweep-
{ng away cr cutting up of islands by gulf
hurricanes and other natural causes.

The Atchafalaya River, which in its depth,
width and volume of discharge equals any
American river on the Atlantic, is on none
of the old maps of Louisiana. It did not
exist when they were made,

It is, however, in the islands that the
greatest revolution has taken place, and
it is on this point that the United States
®upreme Court will have to pass,

The older maps represent the parish of
St. Bernard as extending some thirty miles
e@ut beyond Lake Borgne. It is marked, as
all of them are, solid land. -Beyond it,
fringing the southern Mississippi coast,
ia 2 range of islands, St. Joseph, Cat, Ship,
Horn, Petit Bois, and other islands, visited,
described and named by Bienville when
the Louisiana colony was first planted on
the coast of Mississippi.

The boundary between the two States
fs fixed by the islands off their coast, but
bere comes the confusion, for all the eastern
cosst of St. Bernard consists now of islands,
mobody' knows how many, but probably
geveral hundred. As the boundary of Louisi-
ana was fixed at so many leagues from the
mainland, including all islands within that
feland, it is now a question of what is the
mainland.

If the St. Bernard islands were main-
land, as the Louisiana commission contends
and as the old maps would indicate, its
outer boundary extends many miles further
east’ and includes all the oyster territory
in dispute. If the present mainland is

a
eee eS

Louisiana ‘will lose a’ great deal’of
le territory,

‘Although the country in dispute is only
thirty or forty miles from New Orleans,
its history is unknown.

It was regarded as valueless until lately
and seldom visited. The principal popu-
lation ‘consisted of Filipinos who seem to
have lost all power of tradition, for they
do not even know when their colonies were
established there, or under what circum-
stances, They can remember no material
change in tho country.

The old maps, make St. Bernard solid
territory, but subject t> overflow in storms,
and do not give the bayous, lakes and
channels which-cut it up into a hundred
islands, It is argued that cartographers
of a century ago did nct worry over stich
trifling details in a country alt>gether un-
inhabited and believed to be vatueless,

The Mississippi contention is that the
country is in practically the samé condition
as it was when the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi were created, and that Louisiana
cannot treat as mainland the islands, lakes
and souncs which constitute so large a
part of St. Bernard. parish.

It remains for Louisiana to prove tke
change that has taken place in the country;
and this is impossible to do by direct evi-
dence, and can be done only indirectly by
showing that equally marvellous changes
have taken place in other parts cf the
Louisiana coast. Galveston island, for in-
stance, has changed its size and form with
every great storm that struck it.

Last Island was split in half im 1956, and
ia five islands to-day. But~ Chandeleur
Island, which is situated exactly like St.
Bernard and is really a continuation of St,
Bernard, shows the greatest. change. It
was one island of cld and is still called
Chandeleur’ Island, in the singular, al-
though, at a minimum, there are twenty-
four islands to-day, and probably more.

Stretching a distance of fifty or sixty
miles of old, the island was covered with
wax myrtlés from which. the early French
settlers made their candles, “chandelles,”
and from which the island gets its name,
The complete, destruction of the trees left
the island unprotected.

It is a dike or barrier to Louisiana, and
nearly every Gulf hurricane’ strikes it
squarely and chops it into more islands.
The United States Government used it
once for a quarantine station and erected
a substantial building thereon, but a Gulf
storm destroyed the place so completely
that it was not possible to find a piece of
the timber. The island has since been
completely deserted. 5

Taking the experience of the rest of the
Louisiana coast, evidence can be presented
showing a dispcsition of the coast line
to disintegrate before the hurricanes s0 fre-
quent there. It can be shown, therefore,
that what is said to have occurred in St.
Bernard is possible; but no witness, living
or dead, can prove when, how or under
what conditions they occurred. This is
the point upon which the United States
Supreme Court will have to pass.

THE PAN-AMERICAN RAILWAY.
Only 4,800

 

Miles Lacking to Come

plete It.

Wasuinaton, March 13.—Railway prog-
ress and prospects in Latin-American coun-
tries are described in the report submitted
to the State Department by Charles M.
Pepper, who was appointed by President
Roosevelt to carry out the recommenda-
tions of the second International American
Conference held in Mexico two years ago
with regard to the Pan-American Railway.
A permanent committee was created by
that conference. Ex-Senator Henry G. Davis
of West Virginia is chairman and Andrew
Carnegie is a member. The other mem-
bers are the Ambassador from Mexico
and the Ministers from Peru and Guatemala.
The appointment of a special commissioner
was authorized by Congress.

Commissioner Pepper visited fourteen
countries and spent a year in his work. He
thinks that it will not be many years before
a through railroad journey may be taken
from New York to Panama and from Buenos
Ayres to Lima. He says that 4,800 miles are
lacking to complete a through railway line
from New York to Buenos Ayres, and the
labor oost of this construction he places at
150,000,000.

He says that action by Mexico on the
north to extend its lines south to the border
of Guatemala was taken about the same
time that the Argentine Republio put in
force measures prolonging its railway sys-
tem into Bolivia. Only 172 miles of line are
lacking to connect the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepeo with Ayutla on the border of Guate-
mala, and a section of thirty miles has to
be built in the latter country to makethrough
connection with the capital. Actual work
is in pro on the Mexican section.

In the Argentine Republic the Govern-
ment is building the line from Jijuy to
Tupiza, in Bolivia, under a treaty with that
country.

The report gives considerable importance
to the settlement of disputed boundaries
as a favorable influence in railway build-
ing. It cites the agreement between Chile
and the Argentine Republic under which
the disputed frontier has been delimited,
and as a consequence of which the Chilean
Congress passed a law guaranteeing for
twenty years 5 per cent. interest on a capital
of $7,500,000 to secure the tunnelling of the
Andes, and by this means to establish
through railway connection between Val-

araiso and Buenos Ayres. Commissioner
Pepper says this railway will be completed
within five years.

- The report calls attention to the treaty
ratified tween Brazil and Bolivia in
February of the present yom for settling
the Acre dispute. Under the treaty Bolivia
gets an indemnity of, $10,000,000, the final
payment of which is to be madé by March
$1, 1905. The stipulation is that this shall
be spent chiefly in railway construction.
The report quotes President Pando’s mes-
sage to the Bolivian Congress, in which
he indicates the routes which should have
neo terws and first place is given to the
e3 between iza and Uyuni and Oruro
and La Paz, which form sections in the
rojected intercontinental system between

uenos Ayres and-Lima.. .

The Canal is given as one of the
favorable factors toward railway develop-
ment. The moral influence of the control
ofthe United States, Commissioner Pepper
declares, will be v beneficial. Besides
this, the overflow of private capital will
encourage railway enterprises both to
meet the demand for supplies on the Isthmus
and to provide for the international traffic
during the period of construction work
Oe ciE sees Pepper discusses k
and trade and the cportunities fir Acheeie
can commerce, both as the result of rail-
way extension and as a consequence of the

permanent demand which may be created.
le gives numerous instances of the pref-
erence for rolling stock, from the United

States, lally for “locomotives. He
gays that the mills of this country can com-
pete with Europe in supplying steel rails
and that. bridges can be built for South
America as profitably as for Egypt.
He also analyzes nt unsatisfac-
tory export trade of this country. In the
commercial war between Great Britain
Germany, the commissioner says,
Germany is geining the advantage. fis
does not think it desirable for manufact-
urers in the United States to attempt com-
petition with the cheapest grade of Berman
articles, but quotes the opinion of South
American that a reaction from cheap
demesne ieee tina eal
P BO
which are now te cemand. awe,

   

ROTHSCHILD

There is no direct evidence:on the point.

a

C0.
DISINTERESTED LETTERS ABOUT
s MONBY LENDING OUTFIT,

 

 

Sigued With the Name of the Recently
Betired 'Presiient of the Federal
Bank—22 Per Cent. Prosperity Also
“Approved Down Bird Coler’s Way.

When David Rothschild was president
of the Federal Bank at 590 Broadway, he
insisted, for some reason, that he didn't
have anything to do with the concern
known as the Globe Security Company
at 150 Nassau street, which lends money
to persons who need it badly enough to
pay as high, sometimes, as 72 per cent.
a year for the accommodation, and which
is trying to float an issue of bonds, secured
by the collateral on which it makes its
loans. So far as is known, no literature
put out by the company contains any-
thing to indicate that Mr. Rothschild ever
had anything to do with the company.

For instance, the. company put out a
pamphlet on or after Aug. 80, 1902, which
contained a list of the officers, but Mr.
Rothschild’s name does not appear among
them. Yet, as early as Aug. 21, 1902, letters
were being sent out on the letter paper of
the Globe Security Company, signed “D.

Rothschild,” whose céntents indicated that
the person who signed them was very
much interested in the concern, and particu-
larly in the sale of ite bonds. ere is
the letter so signed:
GLoue Security COMPANY,
160 NasBAU StrReEkT,
OFFICk, 729-7tH. FLOOR,
AMERICAN TRAOT Society BUILDING.
EW York City, Aug. 21, 1902.

DEARMn, ——: Messrs, F. A. Stivers & Co. of
Ann Arbor, Mich., 1 notice, have inqyired in
reference to our bonds to a number of different
people, and it seems to me by this time they
should know whether they are going to
handle them or not. They also ask-us lately
to send them more of our red books and ad-
vertising matter. Now the only reason I
write this is because’I think these people are
good people and can work up the business
good, and it is advisable for you to have a
correspondence with them from where you

are,

I alao wish you would let me know what
system von have to correspond with these
people after you have seen them, how this is
done, ou know, these people have to
shaken up a little bit after seeing them. I
think you told me you had some kind of u
system in writing direct to them. If you
have please enclose a copy of the letter you
Write your agente. It is not necessary for
you to’ know that I want you todo allin your

wer to. make a success of the bonds. op-
ng you are well and will have lots of success,
ivam, yours truly, . ROTHSCHILD.

P. $.—-What do you think of going to Iowa
from the place where you are at? hear the
farmers and every. person in that State have
more money then ever before. You know
the banks are paying very small prices. I
suppose the’ people are in the same position
in INinols and around the country where
you are.

_ The same pore had the same keen
interest in the company's bonds two
weeks later and was exhorting the com-
pany agent to kee 3 the good work.
n witness whereof the following letter:
GLoBE Security Co.,
150 NASSAU STREET,
OFFICk, 729-7TH FLOOR.
AMERICAN TRACT SOCIETY BUILDING.
New York, City, Sept. 6, 1902.

Dearn'——: Your several favors of the 3d
received with contract of Carlton Taylor and
A. I, Stone, and the arrangement you made
with Mr. Hellpenstell, cashier of the People’s
Nationa! Bank at Rock Island, is all right and
satisfactory. We have written Mr. Hellpen-
stell as xe requested, and all your instruc-
tions will be fully carried out. Continue
the good work you are doing, and with best
wishes, yours truly, D. RoTuscuinp.

Cc.

The original of which this letter is a
copy shows what appears to be a small
“co” directly under the last letter of the
word “Rothschild,” and it has been so
placed in the copy. On Sept. 11, 1902,
the following letter was received by the
same person who received those that
appear above:

Capital and Surplus, $500,000.
THE GLOBE SECURITY Co.,
150 Nassau STRERT.
Bond Department.
_ New YORK, Sept. 11, 1902.

Dean —; Yours of the &th is received, also
your letter to Miss Lamont, all of which are
entirely satisfactory, and I enclose you
eashier’s cheque for to cover your ex-
pense account. I also enclose you a copy of
a form of letter that we have been sending

our @ ts when we receive their contracts,
rom which you will see that we have already
asked them to send us 4 Hat of their clients,
&o., 60 we can send them literature and write
them, and they are beginning to respond to
this. We will also send them the personal
letter‘as you suggest, which will no doubt
do some good. As there are not 60 many,
will have these letters written on typewriter
and signed with your name ve them
all the effect of a personal letter.

I wrote you to Keokuk, Ia., on the 8th and
enclosed a letter taken out of Mulholland's
book from August Goerts, St. Louis, stating
that himself and his friend had over $50,000
in Mulholland bonds and suggesting that you
call on him and try and interest him in our
bonds, and hope you can do so.

We are getting out some nice literature
now which will be ready in about a week
to be sent to the agents and other clients,
and will of course send you a lot of it. We
will also have an advertisement in the Ameri-
can Banker this week and the New York
Staats-Zeituna next Sunday and probably
in the United States Investor; each of these
papers will have good editorials about our

onds. We want to send you a lot of these

rs next Monday so you can have them
ahd won't you please let us know by mail
where to send them. We think you will be
well pleased with this advertisement and the
editorials, and we are also figuring on getting
out some signs for agents, but will confer
with you suEvbet abou vale ater. on. :

re plea repor at we receiv

an order for $1,200 Class A bonds from E. 3
Jameson, Marine City, Mich., to-day. Other.
wise nothing new. Awaiting your further
favors, 1 remain, very truly yours. .R.

. 8, You may rest assured that we will
et out the letters you desire for your agents
n first-class shape and send them out in a

very few days. ‘tart

This letter is peouliarly interesting, be-
cause the writer seems to be particsiar!
anxious that Mr. August Goerts of St. Loule
should become interested in “our bonds.”
It is also interesting, because the person
to whom it was sent identifies the initials
“D. KR.” as belts in the handwriting of the
David Rothschild who recently got out of
the presidency of the Federal - Inthe
following letter, however, the signature
is bold and dlear, and the person to whom
it was addressed says that he is willing to
swear that it is the signature of the former
bank president. The letter follows:
Capital and Surplus, $500,000.

(THE GLOBE BSxcurity Co,
150 NaSsaU STREET,
Bond Department.
NEw YorkE, Nov. 8, 1902.

My Dear ——-—: Received your letters
every day. and] see you are starting to make
some progress in selling bonds.
this good work up and we will try to see if
we cannot sell at least $25,000 bonds in the
next month. know you can do it if you

very hard,

a appreciate everything you are doing,
and I want to see you make a howling success
of this bond issue. You know I have no time
to go into detail about every item, but Mr.
Caston . and If talk your letters over
every day. I write to let you know I ap-
preciate all you are doing. With kind re-
gards, yours very truly, . ROTHSCHILD.

All of the above letters were written
on the letter paper of the Globe Security
poe. The letters show that one
D. thechild was bossing the job. It
may be only a coincidence, but four days
after the date of the last of the Globe se-
Fas Srented shave, hab a the follow-

was in the same person
who received the others? , Pe

THE FSGPSAL BANE or NEw Yonrg.

° ROADWAY.
Rp: Rothschild, President,
. Pe Qvercromnbie: Vice-President,
Cc. B. Outcalt, hier. ’
Me , NEw YORK, Nov. 7, 1002.

Dean ——~: I see u oomplal
about the new improved. book which r mies
gotten up on the red book. Now we do not
want to do an ng against your ide
or anything whereby you claim you canno!
do business in the way you would wish to do
it. If you wrens your own literature in
own peculiar way, we do not object at all
if you it up yourself. ink it would
Se anes you - nave all your scons on

r when you return from ,your trip, and
we can give it to the printer. .

.

* Hoping you will do a grand busi i
I know you will if there is any to ° Tie
very truly b

The initials with which this letter”
signed are strikingly like the “D. Re" i
the Globe series. After reading

eee SS

$$ ——$—$—$————— ———eSsesSeSsSeEeSeeeSeeeSSSSeSeSSESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsSsSSSSSSSSSSSSFSSSSSsFMSSSSSSsFMMSsSSMSsFMssesesesesese

SS ee ee

Ss a

   
 

t be led to conclude that David
on Nov. 7, 1902, was directing

some of the'business, at least, of the Globe

Seourity Company front the office of the

president of the ral Bank.

And as late as’ March 2, 1008, &

who was
at that time—was still givin
nta of the.Globe ty Company.
is shown by. the following co!
ee eee any trom New York
nion egra , y from New
Haplds, Mich:

to Grand
New York, March 2, 1903.
Aas Becket as Tone ag broepects juste
and he ecker as long as pros
it. Think you can do aed business there, and
want you to work it oroughiy.

HSCHILD.

Of course, the person who received the
letters may be mistaken, and it may not have
been, afterall, the Federal Bank ex-president
who signed the above epistles. So far as is
known, though, there is no reason why the
former banker should not have signed the
letters if he wantedto. Neither is it appar-
ent why he should be so insistent that he
never had anything to do with the Globe
Security Company, unless he happened to
hear not long ago that Assistant District
Kresel was very anxious to get at the real
head of the Security com) ay

But no matter who may be the man behind
the company’s guns, the outfit is booming
ite bonds for allit is worth. As pereon wie is
familiar with the bond end of the business
said yesterday that before the end of last
summer the concern had sold_in the States
of Michigan, Illinois, Iowa, Ohio and Mis-
souri, as well as in other parts of the country,
about $890,000 of these securities, and he was
informed yesterday by a person having
official connection with the concern that u
to date something like $500,000 of the bonds
had been sold.

It seems that the Globe people got the
bond idea from John Mulholland, the pioneer
in securities of this peculiar kind. Mul-
holland had sold a great many bonds, se-
cured by the collateral on which he had ad-
vanced money, Finally, he concluded to turn
his business into a stock corey andinvite
an exchange of the outs ing bonds for
stock in the new Carapany The exchange
was made attractive by the guarantee that
the stock certificates would be redeemed on

sight.

The Globe people heard about this scheme
of Mulholland’s, and they sent an agent
out, too, with Globe Security Company's
bonds to offer jn exchange for Muthelland
stock to any of Mulholland’s stockholders
who thought that they would rathor
have bonds than stock on general prin-
ciplés. The Globe companys ageut was
able to exchange his bonds for $99,700 of
Mulholland stock. Then he hiked back
to New York, and his company made an
immediate demand on Mulholland for the

cash.

Mulholland was put in a position where

he could not meet the demand, and he made
a oompromise with the Globe people by
which he agreed to settle with them, on time
notes, for 50 per cent, of the face value of
the stook they held. These notes have been
met as they matured and the last will be
paid, so Mr. Mulholland says, in April.
It was printed in THe Sun on Sunday
that C. B. Outcalt, who was cashier of the
Federal Bank when Rothschild was the
president, was inquiring for an agent in
Ansonia, Conn., to sell the bonds of an
unnamed client of the bank. He didn’t
state that the bonds were those of the Globe
Security Company, but among the letters
of recommendation for the bonds sent out
as part of the Globe company’s advertising
matter is the following:

THE FEDERAL BANK OF NEW YORE.

No. 590 BROADWAY.

Near Houston Street.
D. Rothschild, President.
F¥. P. Abercrombie, Vice-President,
C. B, Outcalt, Cashier.
New York, Sept. 13, 1902.
Deak Srr: In regard to the Globe Security
Company of New York, who have referred
you to us, we desire to say that te know the
officers and directors of this company and
regard them very favorably. ney, are men
of good standing and business ability and
have built up a large business in loaning
money on collaterals and make good profits.
We have full faith and confidence in their in-
tegrity and the bonds they issue secured with
their collateral loans, and recommend them
to you as a good investment. Very truly
yours, Cc. B, OurcaLt, Cashier,
But there were others in this encomium
In fact. Mr. Outcalt had other
bankers right alongside of him. There
was a letter from John Carraway, at the
time eecond vice-president of .the now
defunct Equitable National Bank; whose
cashier, Charles F. Broach, has just been
pentenced to Sing Sing for five years, and
there was another from an officer of the
Guardian Trust Compony, whose president
then was Bird 8, Coler. re is the Guard-
fan Trust's bouquet:
GUARDIAN TRUST COMPANY,

170 BROADWAY,

New Yorks, March 30, 1003,

Bird 8. Coler, President.

album.

. Ross Appleton,
Hinaet C. Brown Vice-Presidents,
George W. Fairchild,
Herbert H. Swasey, Secretary.

Lathrop C, Haynes, Asst. Secretary.

Deak Srr: This is to certify that I have
made a personal examination of the Globe
Security Cempany and believe the bonds
issued by this company to be a Rood, safe
and remunerative investment. he cole’
lateral for the bonds is held in trust by re-
sponsible trustees and is of a very good
character, Their loans are amply margined
and made on a _very conservative basis and
in all respects I consider these bonds to be
nbove the average and I can recommend
them for a good investment. Very truly
yours, LatHrop C, HAYNES,

Asst. Secretary.

In the same collection there is a report
on the company from Bradstreet’s which
ends as follows: “The management is spoken
of as very capable and energetic, and the
company {s doing a large and profitable
business and meets its contracts promptly.”
The date of this report is given as Feb.
9, 1003. It was learned yesterday that.
Bradstreet’s never made any such state-
ment about the company on that date.
On Feb, 14, 1903, it did make a_ report,
which is somewhat different from that sent
out by the Globe outfit for public consump-
tion. Here it is: “The .management is

energetic, is doing a profitable business

and is reputed to meet its contracts
promptly.” ;

The Globe people were not satisfied, in
with a report. from treet’s..
They went to the Financial Mercantile

Agency, hich was then run by the noto-

rious liam C. Hickman, whose picture is
in the rogues’ gallery and who has a
brilliant career as a swindler. Hickman

said that the Globe Security Company was
the finest ever, or words to that effect.

ERRORS OF THE COLOR-BLIND.,

Inability to Distinguish Colors Leads to
‘ Amusing Mistakes.

From the Cincinnati Commercial Tribune,
A well known oculist, who has an office on

West Seventh street, while discussing some
of the various defecta of the human eye which
are not noticeable to the ordinary observer,

 

 

had this to say about color-blind people.
“The world must be a curious place to
color-blind people, of whom there are forty

males and three females to every 1,000 per-
sons. Some are blue-yellow blind, and every-
thing seems either red, n or gray to them;

red-green fling, and all
aprett to them to be yellow, blue or gray
of various shades, and others, again, perceive
no distinction of color at all, but the whole
world wears an unchanging aspect of dull

gray.
“Po these last a visit to a picture gallery
would reveal merely a goilection of engrav-
ngs or photographs. But the two former
ave the compensation of seeing their own
two colors much more brightly than ordinary

people.

“Fhe color blind do extraordinary things
at times, An officer of the navy went one
day to buy material for a coat, ves
trousers. He bought a blue coat and re
trouse: believing them of the same color
A British Admiral painted a landscape and
was very proud of his performance, but he
made the tree red, thinking it was the same
color as mB, nevnen he purchased a pair
of trousers chose green ones, sus)
them to be brown. Pavsae
“An architect's pupil, being directed to
copy the picture of a brown house, made
phe ouse green, the sky scar: t and the roses

ue.
“A post-office cle:
his accounts because he could not distinguish
the Sih¢rent ootored stamps. And a sedate
Quaker has n known to poy &@ green coat
for bimself and a red gown for his wife, think-
ing they were both brown.

If you see a man in the street with a pre-
display of colors, charitably be-
‘ve him to be one of the color blind.

Just w f, the eyes of women ure less de-
the matter of distinguishing colors
an those of a man is one of the thingain
nature that is unexplained. The construction
{s the same, yet the woman's superiority in
matching colors has always been recognized
even where man has had the advantage of
long experience.
‘

  

[PASSOVER FEAST AT HAND,

 

AND ALL THE EAST SIDE 18 HARD
AT WORK PREPARIN{ FOR IT.

 

Prosperity It Brings to Storekeepers
Here and in Faraway Lands—Russian
Communities Kept Going With New
York’s Superfuous Cash—The Donors.

Passover, the great Jewish feast which
commemorates the delivery of Israel from
bondage in Egypt, will begin a week from
Tueaday, and already the Ghetto is astir
to ite very heart.

The burden of many preparations falls
upon the housewives. Every utensil used in
the feasts, all crockery and glassware must
be new or must never have been used for
any food in which there is leaven. Then,
every one who can afford it desires to wear
new clothes.at Passover, so the stores share
in the general stir of preparation.

The housewives must buy new things.
They will buy them as cheaply as possible.
Even ‘how the campaign of bargaining is in
full swing. Grand street, East Broadway,
Hester street, Essex street, Canal street—
al] the stores that line them, and thepush-
carts that line the stores, are doing the
great business of the year.

From the Ghetto money is flowing for
Passover in a wide stream. Not only does
it run into the stores and into the hands of
the peddlers, but it ia going into other lands,
into Poland, to Russia proper, to Rumania
and other lands where the relatives of the
more prosperous American Jews reside.

“The.New York Jews make Passover
@ prosperous time for the storekeepers of
Russia as well as for those of their owncity,”
said a Canal sireet merchant. “They help
the foreign stcrekeepers all the year round,
too, if you come to that. There are small
towns and villages in Russia where, speak-
ing from personal knowledge, I may say
that nearly all business depends upon money
sent from America to Jews abroad.

“Thousands of dollars flow into the tills
of Russian shopkeepers at Passover time,
If you do not think this possible, step around
to the post office in Grand street and see
what is going on there.”

The Grand street post office presente a
scene that confirms the storekeeper's words,
For hours and hours every day now there
is-a line of people waiting their turn to
send money through ‘the mails to Russia.
Not always is it being sent in the amiable
Passover mood.

“They are always asking us for money
over there in Russia,” grumbled one bearded
father in Israel. “They think that as soon
as a man reaches New. York his pockets
fill with money. America is a gold country,
so they think. They know not of the slack
times and the expenses. We all have rela-
tives there and they all ask for something,
and they are offended if we do not send
them money.”

Passover is an otpecily. profitable time
for the matzoth bakers, Every family
must have from ten to fifty pounds of mat-
zcth or the bread baked without leaven,
in commemoration of the bread baked
in the heat of the sun in the time of the
exodus,

The baking of Passover bread goes on
for ménths before Passover. It is pre-

d according to the peculiar laws regu-
ating the making of unleavened bread
for the feast, although nowadays these laws
are not rigidly observed, and in America
the in uction of mechanical methods
into the preparation of this biscuitlike
bread makes many a pious Jew shake his
venerable head in despair over the degen-
eracy of the times. But the machinery
facilitates the work and matzcth are pro-
duced with greater ease and in larger quan-
tity than in the old countries, and more is
consumed here.

The business constitutes an industry in
itself, which employs hundreds of people
in New York, because most of the matzcth |
used throughout the United States and
Canada: come:..from New York. Several
wealthy concerns are devoted entirely
to the industry, although only once in the
year are the matzcth in demand.

In every one of the matzcth bake sho
there is a representative cf the rabbix,
who is called a Mazgiach. His duty it
is to see that the matzcth is made in com-
pliance with rabbinical law. Thus even
the big factories must not mix the matzoth
dough in large quantities. Only a certain
small quantity of flour and water may be
mixed at one time. There are many rigid
requirements to be observed. Never-
theless, the orthodox are muttering that
even the Mazgiach in America does not
make the bakers comply with the Torah
strictly enough, and that many edicts of
the law are passed over or slighted.

The traditional method of preparing the
matzoth has suffered from modifications in
New York. According to the law, when
the small quantity of dough permissible
is mixed, it must be rolled out at once under
the direction of .a superintendent,
who gives each woman standing about the
table a small quantity to roll make into
acake. The cakes are supposed to be four

cornered.

Many of the New York bakers roll out the
dough by machinery. That is a departure
from the law. Another is the utilization
of the small particles of dough left from
each piece in the process of cutting it into

acake. These are supposed to be thrown
away, but the economical bakers use the
dough again. . They also make the matzoth
round, finding that easier, but a especial

make of four-cornered matzoth is prepared
for the use of the pious,

The agents for articles used at Passover
‘time form a distinct business class. Some
of them sell nothing else. There is Pass-
over brandy and wine and tea and sugar,
and there are other things peculiar to the

reat festival. Each ent asserts that
fis brand is the best. ey are flocking
through the Ghetto at present, going from
family to family. Some have regular ous-
tomers from year to year.

Not only must certain household goods
used in cookery be new at Passover time,
but every housewife takes special pains to
clean house at this great season of the

ear and to have as many new articles of

‘urniture as she can afford.

It is the most expensive festival of all
the many in the Jewish calendar, and at
the same time aps the merriest. It is
the season of family reunions and of social
parties of all sorts. neral atmosphere
of good will emanates from the Passover,
Even many Christians participate, as
special pains are taken by Jews to have
their Christian friends partake of the Pass-
over wine the matzoth and other deli-
cacies and peculiarities of the fare of the
festival.

Even the unorthodox and lax among
the Jews come ¢lose to the Passover observ-
ances,not 80 much because of their religious
meaning, but because of. the cheerfulness
of the time. As the Yiddish saying goes,
they keep Passover not so much Yor the
sake of scsaen [the book of prayers for
the occasion] but for the delicious kneid-
lach [the matzoth balls cooked in soup].

ee

Point of View in Lancscapes.

, From the Louisville Herald

The observations of Peter K. Patterson
of Chicago concerning the English landscape
are original and exclusive. Mr. Patterson
says:

“The great disadvantage of a person de-
siring to look at an English landscape is
that he will find an absence of fences to
sit on, and the ground is usually too damp
to allow one to lie at full length. While
in England last summer I missed very much
the rail fences of my own country. I would
come to a pretty scene, and my legs sinking
from under me, I would look about for a place
to sit. The landscape gave no suggestion.

“How different in this land of ours! The
top rail “ a aed oe is as good a seat as
one could wish. Of oo much de
upon the shape and pasition of er ray
Sometimes the upper rail may be sh and
knotted. One has to walk but ashort distance
however, before a perfect seat oan be found.
Whenever a landscape is to be viewed in Amer-
ica 1 have found that nature has always put
at man's disposal the properly shaped rail.

England is a poor place for on
arti tastes." pb d for one who has

. 2 I

the standard of Piano excellen

The “Just as

years of use their

Is Absolutely H
Reliable

duction from regular prices.

Also several slightly used

25, $35, $50,
A SMALL

structed, at

:

 

 

The Safest Piano
To Buy Isthe Piano With an
Unquestionable Reputation.

e- ®
Sterling Pianos
are known wherever Pianos are used, and are recognized as

ly made that they will last a lifetime and give perfect satis-
action. They possess many special features and modern

improvements not found in other pianos.

There are hundreds of different makes of Pianos on the
market, which are being profusely advertised as ‘Just as
Good ” as the old and reliable makes which have proven by
unquestionable merit. These “Just as
Good” sort are always sold under price, indicating a great
saving to the unsuspecting buyer. The Sterling may cost
a little more atthe time of purchase, but you will be well
repaid for the difference in price by the satisfaction you will
have in the many years to come.

The Sterling Building

We have about 20 Sterlings which we offer at a big re-
$260 to $435—regular prices from $325 to $550.

and about 30 good second hand Uprights in perfect condi-
tion at $125, $150 to $225.

Terms $10 Down and $6 Monthly. taro.

Square Pianos---Big Bargains.
40 thoroughly good squares,

at the time of purchase will secure a beautiful and thoroughly reliable
piano, and you can pay the balance in small amounts each month.

‘‘We Do Not Charge Interest.”

m Sterling Piano

MANUFACTURERS, Wholesale and Retail Warerooms,
Sterling Building,

Fulton Street and Hanover Place, Brooklyn. :
Open Saturday Evenings.

 

ce. Sterlings are so thorough-

Good’’ Pianos,

eadquarters for
Pianos.

The reduced prices range from
Uprights at $170 to $250,

newly tinished and recon-
$60, $75, etc.

PAYMENT

oe

 

 

NO COMPROMISE FOR BRYAN,

HIS FRIENDS IN NEBRASKA WANT
EVERYTHING HIS WAY.

 

 

Some Discussion There of a Plan to Dodge
the Money Issue by Declaring the
Last Two Platforms to Be the Belief
of the Party Under the Old Conditions.

LINcoLN, Neb., March 16.—Nebraska
Democrats who dislike to engage in a fight
with Mr. Bryan, yet who long for close
fellowship with the Eastern members of
the party, have devised a plan by which
they hope to effect a compromise between
the warring elements.

Their plan is tp begin the 1904 platform
with a frank declaration that the Chicago
and Kansas City documents expressed the
belief and sentiments of the party under
the then existing national conditions, but
that the course of events has made it un-
necessary at present to insist upon the
acoption of the policies then believed to be
best for the national welfare. They wish
to supplement this with a statement that
\the Democratic party believes in the quan-
titative theory of money and stands ready,
shouldthe emergency again arise, to declare
for some other method of increasing the
volume of circulation than by asset currency
or by any other means that places upon
one coinage metal the burden of furnishing
the standard money of the world.

It is argued for this plank that it ts one
that Eastern Democrats will agree to as a
compromise measure, because it involves
no present emphatic stand upon ¢he money
question, and that it will make the great
mass of those who stood by Mr. Bryan in
1896 and 1900 fecl that they are not changing
face or recanting their former views.

All opposition to Mr. Bryan going as a
delegate to St. Louis has been withdrawn,
the conservatives believing that if he is
permitted to go to St. Louis and make his
fight there he will be willing to stand
by the decision of the convention, They
are willing that Mr. Bryan should be
Nebraska's member of the platform oom-
mittee. If he can be induced to abandon
a declaration for free coinage and agree:
to some compromise that will not permit
him to be justly accused of stultifving him-
self, they think all will be well. By thus
giving him full opportunity to enforce his
views both in the committee and on the
floor, it is argued, they will so commit him
that he must either bolt openly and walk
out of the convention or submit to the
majority. They do not think that Bryan
will bolt openly, and hope by this means to
put him in a pocket.

Lee Herdman, clerk of the Supreme Court,
who is the recognized anti-Bryan leader
in the Slate, says:

“We are not asking Mr. Bryan tc do any-
thing more thanother equally loyal Demo-
crate havedone. The position we are willing
to take is that assumed by Towne, Weaver
and other former leading advocates of free
coinage, including Senator Patterson and
Senator Teller, who were original free
silver men. It has meant no loas of 7
tige to them and it will mean none udthir. f

Bryan.

Here in Nebraska, Mr. Bryan's chief
supporters no longer believe in free silver;
but they do not believe he should be ban-
ished from the party councils. We shall
insist upon his being chosen to go to
St. Louis, but the Nebraska delegation
will not be solidly for the insextion of an-
other free coinage plank. Here ih Ne-
braska, the leading influences are not for
Mr. Hearst, who has a few noisy supporters.
The sentiment here is for Judge Parker
or some other candidate with whom we

can win
editor of the World-Herala, |

 

 

R. L. Metealfe

whe also edits Mr. Bryan's Commoner for

PIANOS
RENTED

MONTHLY.
Cartage Free
This Week.

BEAUTIFUL UPRIGHT

| A9 $5 Monthly

Until Paid,

10 Year Guarantee. No Interest.
FRE With Each of

These Pianos,
Beautiful Stool, Scarf and 25
Sheets of the Most Popular
Sheet [lusic.

The following used Planos are
offered at about 14 actual value:

$

UPRIGHT SPECIALS
$60 PLEYL $3 Tou paia
75 CADBY 3 in paid
135 WESER unul paid
155 GABLER 5 mene
175 GABLER 6 tn pata
SQUARE SPECIALS
$45 Decker & Co. $3 titi esia
65 Steinway & Son 3 Ron's 4
75 WEBER 3 thu pata
80 MATHUSHEK 3 month's,
90 Steinway & Son 4 tania
GOETZ & CO,
81, 83, 85, 87 Court St.,
BROOKLYN, N. Y.
ONE BLOCK FROM CITY HALL.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 10

 

It Is Uncomfortable
to feel that you can-
not laugh when you
want to on account of
having poor teeth. Do
not have poor teeth.
There is absolutely
no reason for it. Come
a to us and we will
show you how your teeth can be made
perfect, and how little it will cost you,

DR. L. J. HOYT,

Dentist,
NO. 455 FULTON STREET,
Near Jay St., B’klyn. Opposite Matthews’.
Beautiful Artificial Teeth, $6, $8, $10 a Sct.
Extracting Inclading.
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.

Teeth Filled, $1. All work warranted.
—-—__—— ——

 

 

——
him while he is away, insists that there wi
be war to the knite. 2

“It is very good for these harmonizers
he says, “to tell us that they will not a'-
tempt to relegate Mr. Bryan to the rea!
This declaration is doubtless prompt!
by the kuowledge that they cannot a
and not by the desire to sparé his feeling
We propose to see to it that there she
be no yielding to the false plea of harmer’
and no seniing of these men as delega'rs
to the Sate convention,”

Mr. Bryan dees not talk very much ah"
couipromise.

=