y

——s

1

 
 

BUILDERS TAKE FIRM STAND,

REJECT NEW OFFER MADE BY
THE BRICKLAYERSY UNION.
Refuse to Promise to Hire Only Members

of the Laborers’ Union Pending Ar-
pitration—The Whole Fight an Effort
Restore the Old Conditions.

 

to

A committee of the bricklayers’ unions
made a new proposition to the officers of
the Mason Builders’ Association early
yesterday morning.

This proposition, submitted to Otto M.
Fidlitz, president of the association,was that
if the employers would guarantee that
none but members of the Laborers’ Pro-
tective Union be hired by the Mason Build-
ers’ Association the strikers would return
to work pending arbitration of their de-
mands,

The committee was told that the ar-
bitration board of employers and brick-
layers had agreed twice on a fair proposi-
tion, which the laborers had rejected.
The new proposition was refused flatly.

Later the striking laborers met jn Curry’s
Rall, 220 East Forty-seventh street, where
a good deal of warlike talk was indulged in.
Delegate Patrick J. O'Neill said after the
meeting:

“The fight is now on to the finish, We
have done our utmost to make peace, but
our offer was refused. All we want is
recognition of our union pending arbitra-
tion, and they did not grant our request.”

Unless the bricklayers make some new

move the board of governors of the Build-
ing Trades Employers’ Association will
take no action unt!l Wednesday, when the
result of further negotiations between
the mason builders and the brioklayers will
beknown. L. K. Prince, first vice-presi-
dent of the employers’ association, said
yesterday afternoon:
" “The whole matter rests with the brick-
layers, who must reconsider their action
in calling their strike. The matter of the
laborers will not be taken up until they
return to work. The employers are unani-
mous on this point.

“In the meantime the mason builders
will continue negotiations with the brick-
layers until next Wednesday. We do not
want to have another big building war,
but if the employees think that the em-
ployers are weakening it Is a grave mistake,”

The following statement was made yes-
terday on behalf of the Mason Builders’
Association:

“Up to the present the bricklayers have
been working with the members of the
Laborers' Protective Union, Knights of
Labor and non-union laborers indiscrimi-
nately. They have been doing this for
years.

“Seven or eight years ago, long before the
arbitration agreement was thought of,
the Mason Builders’ Association agreed to
employ only members of the Laborers’
Protective Society and at union rates, but
found very soon that they were cutting
their own throats, for non-association
contractors were getting laborers at all
sorts of prices. Then the old conditions
were resumed.

Independent of the violation of the arbi-
tration agreement the bricklayers broke
the agreement with the Mason Builders’
Association which provides that the unions
shall not order anystrike against any mem-
ber of the Mason Builders’ Association,”

The whole fight is in effect a partial re-
eumption of the fight last year which re-
sulted in the general shutdown of building
work while the arbitration agreement of
the Building Trades Employers’ Associa-
tion was generally accepted. It is a fight
for recognition by the employers of a union
ef unskilled workers.

The fight of last year was directed against
the domination of the unskilled trades.
By checking this the employers figure that
they were removing the cause of nine-tenths
of all the strikes which took place every
building season. Through the once power
ful Board of Building,Trades, representing
unions both ef mechanics and of laborers

. and helpers, the wages of the latter were
forced up to a point higher than the wages

? skilled mechanics in cities outsideof New
ork.

If the plasterers’ laborers mace demands
in the beginning of a busy season,a strike
of all the other trades was ordered and the
employers were forced to submit.

Since the signing of the arbitration agree-
ment all the unions of skilled labor have
been under its provisions, and the strike
of the bricklavers is looked upon by the em-
ployers as an attempt to swing matters into
the old groove.

TIRE OF MARCH AGREEMENT.

New Haven Employees Will Ask for 16
Hours as a Maximum.

New Haven, Conn., March 19.—The
New Haven members of the Brotherhood
of Railroad Trainmen employed by the
New Haven road, met to-night to ask the
executive committee of the order to ask
President Mellen to change the agreement
adopted last March. The freight men
say they are being overworked on the
through runs from New York to Providence
and Boston.

The present rule is that train or yard
men who have worked more than sixteen
hours consecutively shall have eight
hours rest before they are again called for
service, except in case of wrecks, snow
blockade and other emergencies. Under
this rule the men have been worked any-
where from eighteen to thirty consecutive
hours without the railroad violating the
agreement.

The men will ask that the words “more
than” be stricken out, which will put a maxi-
mum limit to the number of hours and
will mean the abolishment of the through

runs, as ordinarily they cannot be made in
that time.
he Lemeuare committee. wil ar ele
g the present eight hour day in the
raflroad shops will be continued and what
tterment in the hours of work and wages
can be secured for these employees.

Labor Conflict Averted.

Pittssuna, March 19,—Through conces-
sions made by the American Sheet and
Tin Plate Company a bitter conflict be-
tween a principal underlying concern of
the United States Steel Corporation and
the Amalgamated Association of Iron,
Reel and Tin Workers has been averted.

ficials of the Sheet and Tin Plate Trust
appeared before the executive board of
the association and announced their willing-
neas to withdraw the 20 per cent. demand
and to substitute an 18 per cent. reduction.

 

 

 

Say Chicago Lithographers Have Won.

The General Executive Board of the
lithographers’ unions held a meeting lgst
evening at 25 Third avenue, At its close

President William F. Long of the Mthog-:

fapbers’ Subordinate Association No, 1 of
ew York announced that all the Chicago
ms had withdrawn from the Employers’
sociation and made peace with their
employees,

April 1 a Miners’ Holiday.

WILKEsBaRRE, Pa., March 19.—QOrders
were issued to the Anthracite Mine Workers
to-day to remain away from work on April
1 to join in the celebration of the soft coal
Workers over gaining the eight hour cay.

ey are directed to hold meetings of the
ue and discuss matters of advantage

n.

 

       

 

  

LABOR DISPUTE IN ROCHESTER.
The Federation Orders Brewery Employees
to, Separate From Their Union.
RocukEsteR, March 49.—As a result of the
differences between ‘labor unions, the
Brewers’ Exchange of Rochester, composed
of all the employing brewers of the city,
finds itself in an embarrassing position, and

through no fault of its own.

The trouble is due to a question of juris-
diction between the unions of stationary
engineers and firemen on the one hand,
and the ugion organization known as the
United Brewery Workers of America on the
other. All employees of local breweries,
including the engineers and firemen, are
members of the United Brewery Workers
organization, with which the Brewers!
Exchange an agreement regulating
wages and hours of labor.

kor some years an effort has been made
to compel the engineers and firemen to
separate from the Brewery Workers’ Union
and join the unions of stationary engineers
and firemen. ‘To this the men have offered
strenuous resistance. The question was
considered at the last convention of the
American Federation of Labor, with the
ie no an em nue erage was sent to
the engingers and firemen that the
join the other unions. Cees

The engineers and firemen, as well as the
other members of the brewery employees
union, objected to obeying the order an
appealed to the national officers of the
Brewery Workers. They investigated the
situation and told the men to disregard the
order from the Federation of Labor. Then
the trouble began. .

The agreement between the Brewers’
Exchang» and their employees expires on
April 1 and a new one must be signed before
that time. Agreements have’ been _sub-
mitted by the Brewery Workers’ Union
and also by the individual unions of firemen
and engineers, and instead of the unions
settling their own disputes the exchange
is now compelled to choose between them,

“The quarrel places us in a most embar-
rassing position,” said a member of the
Brewers’ Exchange. “If our engineers and
firemen continue to refuse to join the
unions of stationary engineers and firemen,
and we retain them in our employ, the
unions of stationary engineers and firemen
say they will boycott our goods as ‘unfair,’
and in assuming this attitude they are
backed up by the American Federation of
Labor. n the other hand, our other em-
pioveee say that if we insist on the engineers
and firemen separating from their organi-
zation and joining others they will make
trouble for us, So we have a choice of
having our own employees strike, or if we
keep them and recognize them we shall be
boycotted by the Federation of Labor.”

ne brewery workers of Rochester joined
the Federation with great reluctance some
years ago, practically being forced into it,
revious to that time they were affiliated
with the Knights of Labor. The change
was brought about by the Federation
threatening to boycott Rochester beer if
the men did not renounce the Knights of
Labor. The older employees have not
forgotten this and the present trouble is
rekindling the old flame of antagonism to
the Federation.

BLOCK ON: THE BRIDGE.

in Several Months—Effects
All the Forenoon.

One of the worst blocks that have occurred
on the Brooklyn Bridge for months took
place yesterday morning during the rush
hour following the blowing out of a feed
wire at the Park row end of the structure.
The accident happened at 7:55 o'clock.

The power was cut off and the trains then
on the Bridge, about ten, were stalled at
various points, where the imprisoned pas-
sengers were compelled to stay for an hour
and four minutes.

At the Brooklyn terminal the elevated
trains kept bringing in their loads of pas-
sengers, piling up trains until the lines
were blocked for a long distance. The
passengers in the stall trains soon be-
came impatient and began climbing to
the structure, making eir way to the
stations and thence to the street. After a
time some official ordered the motormen
of the stalled trains to close up the gaps
between trains and thus allowed the im-
prisoned passengers to pass from car to car
until a station platform was reached, with-
out risking the dangers of the third rail.

Dense crowds soon blocked the stair-
ways and approaches to the Brae at the
Brooklyn terminal. Many had their clothes
torn in the crush.

At noon the effects of the block were still
noticeable, the Bath Beach trains being
from a half to three-quarters of an hour
behind time.

FIREMEN DID THEIR BEST.

Bat Had No Appliances to Save Life at
St. Patrick’s Church Fire, L. I. City.

The Coroner's jury which heard testimony
yesterday relative to the fire at the rectory
of St. Patrick’s Church in Long Island
City on March 5, which resuited in the
death of Father Herman Ernst, Mary
McCue and Margaret Brady, rendered a
verdict last evening exonerating the fire-
men from all blame, but severely censuring
the city for failing to provide the firemen
in Long Island City with scaling ladders,
life neta, ropes and other apparatus car-
ried by companies in Manhattan, The Bronx
and Brooklyn.

The testimony showed that when the first
companies reached the scene fire and smoke
had ssion of the building and entering
it was out of the question. It was shown
also that the firemen lacked the equipment
needed for rescues from theoutside and
that all ible individual effort at rescue
was e,

Since then fire scaling ladders and jump-
ing nets have been supplied to the Long
Island City companies.

THOUGHT HE HAD A FORTUNE.

Cooperstown Man Gives Up His Job Only to
Find It Was Alla Mistake.
Coorerstown, N. Y., March 19.—Frank
Butler has returned to Cooperstown from
Buffalo the most disappointed man in
central New York. Some time ago _he
received word from an attorney in Buffalo
that a brother had died irtestate, leaving
him his large property of perhaps $200,000.
Butler has n a coal heaver and teams-
ter in this village for the last thirty years.
He threw up his job on the spot and sent
word to his various children to give up
their work and prepare themselves to go
to school, for he was going to be rich.
’ Qn his arrival in Buffalo the next morn-
ing he was told by the attorney that a
mistake had been made and that the brother,
owning we grain eee was still
enjoying the ssession oO 8 property.
Y ‘ remit of the reaction, Butler has
been taken to the Thanksgiving Hospital
in this village. His children have returned
to work.

WOMEN FIGHT NEAR SIDE RULE.

Thetr Health Protective Association te
Hear From Dr. Darlington.

The Women's Health Protective Asso-
ciation will hold a meeting at the Academy
of Medicine on Wednesday to discuss
measures to bring about the repeal of the
“near side” street car ordinance.

Heaith Commiasioner Darlington has
promised to attend the meeting and to
see what his department can do toward
using its influence in having the ordinance
rope

he association will also discuss plans
to carry on its fight to compel all slaughter
houses to establish quarters outside of
the Borough of Manhattan.
Speci el Rieti

ee
Q TRIES SUICIDE IN ARMORY.

Private of the Thirteenth Regiment, Out
of Work, Uses Chioroform.

Edward Schmidt, a private in Company
B, Thirteenth Regiment, attempted suicide
in the armory in Sumner avenue, Brook-
lyn, last night, by taking chloroform.
He was found in the locker room with a
handkerchief saturated with the drug
over his mouth and ncee.

He was taken to the hospital and prob-
ably will recover. He said that he was

Worst Felt

 

 

 

 

out of work and despondent.

  

eee EEE Enete noo,
=
i ne,

PREPARING FOR 1906 FIGHT,

PRESIDENT MITCHELL PLANS TO
CAST ALL INTO THE BALANCE.

 

 

Accepted Wage Reduction So as to Avoid
a Strike Which Would Weaken the
Union and Make It Unfit for Battle
When Present Agreements Terminate,

WILKESBARRE, Pa., March 19.—Presi-
dent John Mitchelll of the Mine Workers
said a month ago that he was opposed
to any reduction in the wages of the soft
coal workers. Other leaders, taking their
cue from him, declared frequently that
they stood for a strike before a reduction.
Despite these declarations it is entirely
owing to Mitchell's advice that the soft
coal strike has been averted and a reduc-
tion of over 5 per cent. has been accepted.
Many are asking the reason for this change
in front. The reply, 80 well informed
coal men say, will come in 1906.

In that year the two year agreement
about to be made with the soft coal opera-
tors and that already existing with the
anthracite operators through the medium
of the strike commission will expire. In
that year all the branches of the mine
workers in Pennsylvania, Indiana, Ohio,
Illinois and some of the States where smaller
numbers work, will demand a_new scale,
and then, with the weight of the mass of
mine workers and the fear of a general
strike to back it, a demand will be made
for radical concessions. This, so coal
men say, is the apparent course of the
mine workers, Then the operators will
either crush the union or the union will
enter upon trade agreements with anthra-
cite and soft coal operators alike.

It is the ambition of John Mitchell to
make this trade agreement operative be-
tween all the mine workers and operators
in the country, and it is said Re those who
are close to him that neither the desire to
resign nor an invitation to be the presidential
nor vice-presidential candidate will swerve
him from this object. Hence it is that a
soft coal strike has been averted and soft
coal workers advised to accept a reduc-
tion, Two years more are ,thus ree
for perfecting the organization for the big
fight of 19086.

The risks which threaten the success
of the mine workers in a soft coal strike,
if declared now, would be too great. If a
victory were won it would be only after
a long fight in which more would be lost
than ts lost by the reduction of wages. It
would be a trial also of a patient public
which might prove no longer sympathetic,
and it would so sap the financial strength
of the union to maintain the 200,000 strikers
that it would take years to recover.

On the other hand, if the strikers were
defeated there could be little hope of ever
regaining a trade agreement with the soft
coal men, the chances of the anthracite
workers’ success in 1906 wdéuld be greatly

decreased, and the union would suffer a
telling loss in membership.

Weighing these two conditions, it did not
take long tor President Mitchell to change
his mind about opposing a reduction,

It is now the plan of the union to con-
tinue the work of strengthening itself.
Organizers are at work in the anthracite
region drumming into the men’s ears the
necessity of paying their dues and keeping
up the union spirit in which many of thats
have grown lax. This work will be con-
tinued steadily during the next two years.
The men will be induced to save money,
the union will intrench itself financially.

On the operators’ side conditions are
not so open, but there is no doubt here
that a most determined effort will be made
to crush the union and etamp out the power
it has already attained.

 

PAID TO BECOME A_ COP.

Hanck Says He Gave Sonner $350 and Is
Still Waiting for Appointment.

Emil A. Sonner, a real estate dealer living
at 102 West Eighty-fourth street, was ar-
rested by Dectective Sergeant McConville,
yesterday, charged with having swindled

William Hanck of 72 First avenue, of $350
on the promise that he would get Hanck

appointed to the police force.
ck is one of several rsons who
have told Assistant District Attormey’

Kresel that they have paid Sonner money
for appointments as policemen or firemen,

In a statement made to Mr. Kresel a
few days ago, Hanck said that on Deo. 2,
1902, he went to the’ house of a policeman
attached to a downtown precinct and there
met Sonner, who told him that with $350
for “a man in a high position in the Police
Department” he would ae Hanck a
pointed on the force. nck paid the
money, he said, and promised $100 more
after he got the job. Then he waited.
He has been waiting ever since.

SERVICE OF JEWISH MUSIO,
To Mark the Hundredth Anniversary of the
Birth of Salomon Sulzer.

Under the direction of the Society of
American Cantors, exercises in commemora-
tion of the hundredth birthday anniversary
of Salomon Sulzer, chief cantor of Vienna,
are to be held on Tuesday evening, in the
Synagogue Ahavath Chesed Shaar Hasho-
mayim, which is at Lexington avenue and
Fifty-fifth street.

Herr Sulzer was the regenerator of the
music of the synagogue, and the creator
of the musical liturgy. He was cantor in
Vienna for more than half a century, and,
according to a cantor, “re-animated Jewish
music, which for nearly 2,000 years had
lain dormant.”

The music to be sung on Tuesday night
is to be from Sulzer's “Shir Sion,” or “Songs
of Zion.” The Rev. H. Goldstein, cantor
of the temple in which the celebration will
occur, will conduct and G. Froelich, the
regular organist, will play. A choir of
soloists from many synagogues will sing.

TO SELL CLINCH PROPERTY

At 3 East Thirty-fourth Street—Belonged
to Mrs. A. T. Stewart's Relative.

If the approval of the Supreme Court
can be obtained, the premises and lot at
8 East Thirty-fourth street are to be sold
by Allen W. Evarts, as trustee under the
will of Annie A. Clinch, to the Wallingford
Realty Company for $265,000. Thecompany
owns other land adjoining this property
and is holding for improvement.

Charles P., Clinch, a relative of Mrs. A. T.
Stewart, owned 8 East Thirty-fourth street,
He died on Dec. 16, 1888, leaving the prop-
erty for her life to his adopted daughter,
Annie A. Clinch, with testamentary powers.
She died in December, 1890, eavihi the
property in trust for the benefit of her
nieces, Annie Leslie and Cora A. Touzalin,
who livein Chicago. (Cn their death, Charles
Stewart Butler and Susan Louise Butler,
children of Prescott Hall Butler, will in-
herit the propery: The premises have
of late been used for business purposes.

Mr. Evarts is trustee for the two nieces.

 

Leniency for Wife Murderer.

CovinaTon, Tenn., March 19.—The jury
in the sensational case of John Hill, who was
charged with the assassination of his wife,
returned a verdict of murder in the first
degree with mitigating circumstances. The
reading of the verdict was received with in-
tense indignation by people who have at-
tended the trial, which has been the most
sensational in the history of this county.
Hill shot his wife through an open window,
filling her breast with buckshot and spatter-
ing her blood over her children, who were
sleeping with her.

 

Plans for New Trinity Building.

The plans for the new twenty-one story
office building to be erected at 111 Broad-
way on the site of the old Trinity building
were filed yesterday with the Building De-
partment. The new building will have a
frontage of 41 feet 3 inches on Broad-
way. and 47 feet 3 inches on_ Trinit

laee and have a varying depth of 2
to 264 feet. Its facade will be granite at
the basement story: and limestone above,
and the cemen will be a modified .Gothic
to make it harmonize with old Trinity
Church.

"THE SUN; SUNDAY, M

St ee

a oy
hye ® ry,
FRE

  

 

 

ne Pee

LITTLE DARKY HER ACCUSER.
Says Young Woman in Gold Eyeglasses
Got His $10 Note.

A nine-year-old coloréd boy, who said he
was Calvin Norman of 827 West Thirty-
seventh street, stopped Policeman Shehan
at Twenty-third street and Fourth avenue
last night.

“That woman,” said the boy, pointing to a
young woman who wore gold rimmed
eyeglasses and who was walking toward
Lexington avenue, “has stolen. $10 from
me.” /

The policeman stopped the woman.
“That’s the second time this boy has ac-
cused me of that,” she said. “I haven't
got his money.”

The little darky insisted and the police-
man took him and the woman to the Fast
‘l'wenty-second street station. There the
boy said that early in the evening he had
taken some clothes from a laundry to Miss
Margaret Stone’s bearding house at 31
Madison avenue. She gave him $10 and
told him to get chenge, said. He went
to Madison Aauare arden, but the circus
people weré too busy. Then he asked a
man who was standing in front of a cigar
score at Twenty-fifth street and Fourth
avenue, and the woman, who came alung,
heard the conversation.

“I'll get you change, sonny,” she said,
secording to the boy, and he gave her the

 

He says she went into several stores
but without getting change. Then he asked
he, ir the money and she said she had
lost it.

The sergeant was im by the
boy's story and told the young woman that
he would have to lock her up. She refused
to give her name or address and she was
recorded on the blotter as “Jane Doe.” She
was taken to the Fast Thirty-fifth street
station and there she told the matron that
she was Lillian Willis, a trained nurse of
63 East 116th street. She was searched
but the ten-dollar bil] was not found.

Miss Hone confirmed the statement that
she had sent the colored boy to get change
for a ten-dollar note.

ATTACKED WOMAN IN HER HOME.

 

Two Men, One ‘With Knife, Assault Mrs.
John RK. Russell in Brooklyn.

When John R. Russell, a machinist, re-
turned to his home at 100 Jay street, Brook-
lyn, last night, he found his wife on the
bedroom floor unconscious. Her head was
out and her face and arms were bruised.
An ambulance was called and when the
woman had been revived she told this story:

While she was preparing supper for her
husband two men entered the kitchen and
dragged her into the bedroom, She fought
them, but one of the men used a knife,
cutting her on the wrist. Her screams
scared the men, she said, and they ran
out of the rooms, Then she became un-
conscious.

The police arrested on_suspicion two
men who said they were John Brady an
William Murray. Mra. Russell couldn't
identify them as her assailants, but they
were not released.

ST. PATRICK CAUSED A ROW,

And the Irish Cook Got Fired—Stabbed
English Butler Before She Went.

Tracy H. Harris of 149 West Fifty-seventh
atreet has an English butler and an Irish
cook. They fell out over St. Patrick
and yesterday morning had a hot argument
in the kitchen. Agnes Hughes, the cook,
tried to tell her troubles to Mrs. Harris and
was ordered to pack her clothes and go.

She did and then Edward Newton, the
butler, reported that he had been stabbed.
Mrs. Harris sent for Dr. He F. Dearborn
who lives across the street. e found that
Newton had a slight wound in the abdomen
and took him in a cab to the J. Hood Wright
Hospital.

The police were then asked to find Agnes.
At the hospital it was said that Newton’s
wound was not serious.

GIRL TELLS ABDUCTION STORY.

Man Arrested Whom She Accuses of Forcing
Her Into a Disorderly House.

Capt. Cottrell of the Tenderloin station
raided a disorderly house in West Thirty-
second street last night and arrested eleven
women. One of the prisoners was ‘an
eighteen-year-old Russian girl, who said
she was Annie Hacher.

She told the captain that she had been
forcibly taken to the house on Friday
night. She said that a man nam
Jaffe of 46 First street and another man,
who said he was a detective, had called at
the home of her aunt Mrs. Fannie Sted-
man of 607 East Twelfth street, with whom
she lived, and taken her away to the dis-

orderly house.
The lice found Jaffe fand arrest

him. e says he has a wife and children.
COAL 50 CENTS CHEAPER.

Spring Reduction Takes Effect on the
First of April.

The anthracite coal roads, with the ex-
ception of the Reading, have announced
through their general sales agents the
usual spring reductions in the price of
coal. The reduction is fifty cents a ton
and goes into effect on April 1. The retail
price of $6.25 drops to $5.75 on that date
and will thereafter be increased ten cents
each month until October.

The schedule, which comes out ten days
earlier than usual, makes these prices
free on board to retailers:

Broker coal, $4.25; egg, $4.50; stove, $4.50; chest-
nut, $4.50; pea, $3.00; buckwheat, $2.50.

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE STARTSEFF SALE.

Good Prices for Chinese Porcelains—J, H.
Smith a Purchaser.
At the second day’s sale of the A. D.
Btartseff collection, at the American Art
Galleries, there were several noteworthy
purchases. The bidding was slow until
the peachbloom porcelains were put up.
The first of these, a beautiful water vessel
with fine mottling and the much
green dots, takin
went to James

 

the form of a nec

Smith for $490. It
wes of oe Ban gre rye | im rat
peach amphora Kang-hai peri
and a mottled peachblow bottle of the same
period went to Benjamin Altman for
and $710; the latter price being the highest
of the afternoon.

C. I. Hudson, after a spirited battle
with an unknown buyer, captured a soft
paste vase of a beautiful cream-white
coloring. It was of the early Kang-hsi
period, and brought $850.

Many of the decorated vases were bought
in by dealers, but one of the rarest and
most beautiful, a black enamel vase, with
decorations on its four sides, was secured
by James H. Smith for $575. This vase
was of the Chien-l era in all probability,
although it bears the six characters 0:
Cheng-hua.

Other purchasers were W. C. Oesler
A. F. Eno, Mrs. Bliss, Henry Duveen and
other well known collectors. The total of
the day’s sale was $11,040. The whole
collection brought $18,839.

 

Exhibition of the Pierce Art Works.

An exhibition of art works announced
as the private collection of Harlan A.
Pierce of this city opens at; the Fifth Ave-
nue Auction Rooms to-morrow. The
collection is to be sold at auction on Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday afternoons.
It includes paintings, bronzes, Chinese and
Japanese porcelains, European porcelains,
and potteries, engravings, etchings, jew-
elry, Oriental rugs andanart library. Mr.
Pierce was for many many years connec
with the Journal of Commerce and with
the Commercial Advertiser.

Splitter Fined 638.

Martin B. Jacobs, a coal merchant, living
at the Hotel Endicott, Eighty-first street
and Columbus avenue, was arrested yes-

terday for spitting on the platform of the
Cortlandt street station of the Sixth avenue
elevated roads. He was fined $5.

 

site

ed Sam
led
ed
$520

  

wy

AROH 2071904.

hi
ted
Tuil

CAT oe,

 

GE

Pe-ru-na is

 

NERAL

 

SAYS:

 

 

Catarrh.”’

-

O’BE!

E.

an Effective Cure for

General James R. O'Beirne, 200 Broadway, Washington, D. C., late Commissioner of Charities of New York City, N. Y., and
Assistant Commissioner of Immigration, writes as follows:

“As many of my friends and ac

feel that it is an effective remedy,

most hopeful source of relief.---

Spring Time the Best Season
of the Year to Treat Chronic
Catarrh.

Notwithstandin,
of people have
catarrh by taki
cold season, yet
the oold, wet, stormy weather retarded
many cures, and in some cases actually
prevented a cure.

But ‘springtime has oome at last, and
now is the time for all catarrh sufferers
to nea a systematic course of treat-
ment for this disease. The

 

that a number | from 111 E
n aitee oF chronic | eae

Peruna during the past ;
t cannot be denied that |

reatest dif- |
ficulty in the way of treating chronic |

of life publicly endorse Peruna. Peruna
does all that is claimed for it. It cures
catarrh.

Gen. Middleton Benefited by Pe-ru-na.

General John Middleton, Colonel of
Hancock Regiment, U. V. U., in a letter
t., N. W., Washington, D. C.,

“Your preparation of Peruna as a cure
for catarrh as well as a_tonic deserves
the gratitude of those afflicted with that
disease as well as physical prostration.
I have been very much benefited in every
respect in various ways, and I feel it a
duty to recommend its usefulness to my
fellow citizens."—Gen. John Middleton.

General Payne Writes:
Gen. Eugene B. Payne, 407 4th St., N.

catarrh is that the patient is so liable to W., Washington, D. C:, writes:

catch cold during the treatment and thus
delay a cure. ,

This liability at this season of the year
is, in a great measure, removed, and no
one should neglect the opportunity to
take treatment.

Peruna. is acknowledged by everyone
to be the only reliable and unfailing cure
of catarrh wherever it may be located.
When you take Peruna you are not ex-
perimenting with an unknown remedy.

Men and women of national reputation
as well as thousands in the humbler walks

    

 
 

 

COUNTESS WALDERSEE’S LOVE | —~*%".**

 

THANKS GOD FOR HER HUSBAND
AND HAPPY HOME.

 

Letter From Field Marshal’s Widow Tells
How She and Her Sisters Came to
Marry Foreigners—‘Strange to He
Transplanted,” She Wrote to Cousin.

New HaveN, March 19.4 letter from
the Countess von Waldersee, widow of
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee, Chief
of the General Staff of the German Army,
was made public to-day in which she de-
scribes how she and her two sisters, who
married into titled families in Europe,
came to meet their husbands. The letter
was written to a relative in this city to be
used in the “Family Histories and Gene-
alogy” of Prof. and Mrs. E. E. Salisbury
of Yale University.

The Countess von Waldersee was Miss
Mary Esther Lee, fourth daughter of the
late David Lee, @ prosperous merchant of
New York. Her first marriage abroad about
forty-years ago to the Prince of Schles-
wig-Holstein-Noer, brother to Caroline
Amelia, Queen of King Christian VIII. of
Denmark, caused a great stir in royal circles
of Europe. The Prince of Schleswig-
Holstein-Noer was grandnephew to King
George III. of England. King Christian IX.
of Denmark, whose children are Queen Alex-
andra of Great Britain ,the King of Greece and
the Dowager Empress of Russia, belonged
to the same family as did Countess Walder-
see's first husband. Through her marriage
with Prince Noer and intimate relations
with her sister-in-law, the Queen of Den-
mark, as well as with the Empress of Ger-
many, the Countess Waldersee has always
been on terms of the pleasantest in-
timacy with the present ruling house of
Germany. Her own description of how
{t all came to pase is as follows:

My Dgar Cousin Many: I want to puta
postscript into dear mother's letter, firat to
thank you for so kindly writing to me and
expressing con ratulations for my husband's
promotion, an secondly, to answer the
question which you say if 80 often mooted—
how my sisters and myself met our husbands.
Mother has truly said it was @ leading of
Providence, but I would like to show you a
few of these practical leadings. i
My brother-in-law, Capt, Augustus Charles
Murray, grandson of the Earl of Dunmore,
et my sister (Abby Mumford) at our father’s
Fouse in New York, and although he was
on the eve of quitting the city to look after
some Western lands, he felt himself Bo at-
tracted to her that he postponed his depar-
ture for. some time—in fact, did not leave
until he had demanded her hand in marriage.
The wedding took Pace in our American
home, on the 14th of August, 1861; and they
left for a European tour, accompanied by
my sister Josie (Josephine Louisa). During
their stay in Paris my brother-in-law’s sister,
the Princesse de la Trémouille, showed them
every attention and they became mutually
attached and remained lifelong friends.
‘At one of the soirées given by the Princess
y sister Josie made the noquaintance of
Fer future husband, Baron de Waechter, the
Wirtemburg Minister at the court of the
uileries. e was a friend of the Princess,
and she was much pleased at the impression
‘his re-
sulted, ge
Paris; and in the following year, when
came out of school, my sister and brother-

which my sister made upon him.
as you know, in their marria,

 

 

See “~. - ve: 5

“I join with my comrades in recom-
mending Peruna to my fiends as a re-
markable Tee for coughs, colds, and
catarrhal trouble, and to anyone who
needs an invigorating tonic to build up
the system.”

General Erwin’s Recommend.
Genera] John B. Erwin, Washington,
D. C., writes:

“Many of my friends have used Peruna
as a dyspepsia remedy with the most bene-
ficial results.”

  

 

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS.
RAR AR AAR AAA

 

 

quaintances have successfuly used your Peruna as a catarrh cure, I
and | recommend it as such to those suffering from that disease as a

JAMES R. O'BEIRNE.

Hon. Dan. A. Grosvenor, of the
Famous Ohio Family.

Hon. Dan. A. Grosvenor, Deputy Auditor
for the War Department, in a letter written
from Washington, D. C., says:

“Allew me to express my gratitadé
te you forthe benefit derived from one
bottle of Peruna, Ome week has
brought wonderful changes and | am
now as well as ever. Besides being
one of the very best spring tonics it is
an excellent catarrh remedy,’

DAN. Ae GROSVENOR.

In a recent letter he says:

“©! consider Perana really more meri-
torfous than | did when I wrote you last.
I recelve numereus letters from ace
quaiatances all over the country asking
me if my certificate is genuine. I im-
variably answer, yes.” «--Daa, A. Grose
vener.

If you do not receive prompt and satis-
factory results from the cee oF Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, gi a
full statement of your case, and he will
be preased to give you his valuable advice

‘atis.

Oh adeees Dr. Hartman, President ef The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, 0.

 

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS.

 

American Art Galleries

Madison Square South, New York.
On Free view, beginning Thursday next.

An Important Collection of

Valuable Ancient and Modern
Paintings and Water Colors

Belonging to the estate of the late

JAMES McCORMICK.

EXECUTORS’

UNRESTRICTED PUBLIC SALE

Evenings of MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY, March 28th, 29th and 30th.

Further information and Catalogues will be furnished by
THE AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, MANAGERS,

© East 23d Street, Madison Square South.

  

 

 

 

{n-law both kindly invited me to come over
and make them a Visit. This I 80 much en-
jored that it was prolonged much more than

had dreamed of in leaving my native land,
which I always regarded as my home, for
there lived my dear mother, as well as brother,

During these vears I learned to know and
appreciate the Prince of Schleswig- Holstein-

Noer, my dear late husband; and his love
finally overpowered the three at obstacles
to our marriage—his rank, his age and

his children. Then followed those eight
happy months of our union, ending with the
terrible affliction of his loss, in Beyreut
Syria, July 2, 1865. He had wound himself
so around my heart that happiness for me
seemed to have died with him.

After eight and a quarter years of widow-
hood, the dear Lord in His great meroy re-
stored to me again the hope of happiness in
causing me to meet, at the home of dear
friends (neighbors in Lautenbach j, my present
loving and devoted husband, Count Walder-
see. Our marriage took place 14th of April
1874, and I can never enough thank the Lo
for my present happy home. Now, dear
cousin, you see how we have been led step
by step to make our homes in Europe, and
not as some might think, did my mother
bring us abroad with such an object! It
seems strange to be transplanted; but we
can work for the Lord here as well as there:
and perhaps here it is more needed, From
yours very affectionately, <

MARY DE WALDERSER.

 

Cornerstone of New Tiffany Bulldtng.
The cornerstone of Tiffany & Co.'s new
building at Fifth avenue and Thirty-seventh
street was Inid at noon yesterday in the
presence of the trustees of tha company.
Charles T, Cook, Paulding Farnham, George
F. Kunz, Louis C. Tiffany, John C. Moore,
Charles L. Tiffany 2d, Charles M. Moore,
Alfred Mitchell and Harry H. Treadwe!l
were present. Among the contents of the
cornerstone were @ pieoe of the first Atlantic
cable, laid in 1858, and a leather brochure
containing the history of Tiffany & Co,

   

WAITED 40 YEARS FOR LOST SON.

After Her Death Mrs. Plumb Wanted Home
Kept for Twenty Years More,

New Haven, Conn., March 19.—Because
she wanted to have the home of her missing
son kept for him for twenty years in case
he should return, the relatives of Mrs.
Almon Plumb of Bristol to-day appealed
to the Probate Court of that town to have
her will set aside and the property distrib-

uted,
Marshall P. Plumb, the son, enlisted
in the civil war and nothing has’ been
The mother and
believe that their

heard from him since.
father would never
son was dead, so his place was always
kept at the table, and a light was left
burning for him every night until his
mother’s death.

Fearful that after her death the sen
might return to find his home and ts
one, she left in her will a provision that
the property should be held in trust for
twenty years before being divided.

MOB HANGS TWO NEGROES,

Overpowers Sherif! and Swings Murderers
From a Bridge.

CLE ELAND, Miss., March 19.— At 10 o’elock

last night the jail here was stormed by a
masked,mob who overpowered the Sheriff
and his deputy under threats of blowing up
the jail with dynamite unless two prisoners,

Fayette Sawyer and Burke Harris, were
delivered to them. These negroes were
awaiting trial for murder.

The mob got the negroes and took them
to the scene of their crime, They were
hanged from Hushpuckana ricas, where
their bodies were found dangling this
morning. %

°

‘

ee ee

Sy hee

  

Ea Ee iar

 

Se eee

CR Ess Saal

RES RS EAS