on

we rae FS oN gD

EE Sha area a

ee

 

et ena eee an lig gta

 

Cy ee

 

 

 

  

 

IN

WHEY REQUEST THAT HE BE

 

Fah Pea HE cent "

 
  

—

VINCIBLES FOR WOODRUFF,

 

NOMINATED FOR GOVERNOR,

He Is Lauded by President Faweett, and
Justice John Woodward Says “It
Takes a Fine Mind and Good Heartto

Set the Nation Throwing Bouquets.” |

Former Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L. Wood-
ruff was boomed for the Republican guber-
natorial nomination at the annual dinner
of the Invincible Club, in Brooklyn, last
night. The club is one of the most influ-
ential Republican organizations in Kings
county, and when resolutions were read
supporting Mr. Woodruff for the nomi-
nation they were received with enthusi-
asm. The dinner was of considerable po-
litical importance, and besides the mem-

bers of the club who participated every ; Marshall.

one of the twenty-one executive members
of the Republican organization was present

 

endowments, could never have reached the
enviable distinctions which he wears 60
easily. These qualities are the man, and it
{a the man whom we honor. _ ,

Not his achievements in the arduous
domain of politics, not his attainments of
mind nor his splendid business abilities--
not these separately, but the sum of these;
the man Woodruff. To him we pay these
tributes of our esteem and affection, For
the man is even higher than his high reputa-
tion, fleeper than our knowledge broader
than his achievements. And with him in
our hearts, as well as upon our tongtes, we
have gathered to wish him welcome.

And while we honor him for what, he is
also we honor him for what we feel he will
be. We feel that, admirable as has been
his career, it is but the threshold to greater
eminence, What his ultimate ideal is I know
not; yet whatever it may be, whether in busi-
ness or in polities, I feel confident that he
shall realize it. .

We wish him well—health of body and peace
of mind, and alaothat happiness which crowns
only the life devoted to the welfare of our
ollows. '

Addresses were also made by Lorin
Andrews, formerly a Brooklynite, County
qidge Frederick E, Crane, Surrogate Bel-
ord of Suffolk county and Senator Henry

 

TROLLEY LEAVES THE TRACK.

as a guest of the president, Lewis L. Faw- | guts a Pole, Breaks a Wire and Causes a

cett, chairman of the Republican county
committea, Col. Michael J. Dady, who,
as was recently said, had broken away from
Woodruff, applauded the resolutions as
heartily as the most enthusiastic.

Mr. Woodruff, who had been invited as
the guest of honor, was unable to attend
owing to his wife's serious illness. Presi-
dent Fawcett presided and acted as toast-
master, At the guests’ table were Justice
John Woodward of the Appellate Division
Congressman Charles I, Dunnwell, Lorin
Andrews, Attorney-General of Hawaii;
County Judge Frederick E. Crane, Senator
Henry Marshall, Assemblyman Edward C.
Dowling, Surrogate Joseph M. Belford
of Suffolk county, Col. Michael J. Dady
and Alderman John Wirth. At the other
tables were Naval Officer Robert A. Sharkey,
Shipping Commissioner Harry A. Hanbury,
Harty A. Ralston, William D. Beatty, Rich-
ard D. Laimbeer, Jr., A. E. Vass, Alfred
T. Hobley, Quarantine Commissioner
Frederick FE. Schroeder, Commissioner of
Jurors Jacob Brenner, Michael J. Wheeler,
Eleation Commissioner Rudolph C. Fuller,
Frank J. Gardner, Charles J. Devoy, Coroner
Philip T. Williams, George A. Owens, Harry
Jaquillard, Assistant Commissioner of Agri-
culture Fred J. H. Kracke, United States
Marshal Charles J. Haubert, John K. Neal, J.
A. Livingston, all members of the Republi-
tan eveciutive Committees.

President Fawcett said:

“Timothy L. Woodruff is unfortunately
compelled to forego attendance here this
evening by reason of the serious illness of
Mrs. Woodruff. I know I echo the senti-
ment of all here when I gay that we deeply
sympathize with him in his affliction,

“Mr. Woodruff is a politician in the high-
est, broadest and best sense—a man of
superb mora] courage. He bears the dis-
tinction of having n Lieutenant -Gov-
ernor of this State for three successive
terms. The history of this State during
those six years is replete with accounts
of the valuable services Mr. Woodruff
rendered in that office and as a member
of the Canal Board, Forest Preserve Board

d other boards which are important
actors in our State system,

“It was our good fortune that some years
ago he accepted an Sppelnt ment ax a
Park Commissioner of Brooklyn. Since
that time his life has been woven in ours
and ours in his. At the very outset of his
apc career his ability, good judgment,
ndustry and strength of character caused
him to become a shining star in the Republi-
cau political firmament of this county.
He became leader of this county in 1897,
and brought order out of chaos. He suc-
eeeded in wiping out every vestige of fac-
tionalism. Since then harmony has pre-
wailed throughout the county. He has
done more than any other man in Brooklyn
for the uplifting and strengthening of our
organization in this county.

His wisdom has kept our organization
from becoming involved in the disturbances
and factionalism in party ranks that have
come into other counties. Because of
these things our organization to-day is
one that is to be reckoned with in counting
on the future policies of our party in the
State and nation.

“He is not only active in our political
effairs, but is ably conducting and manag-
ng large industrial enterprises in this and
other cities of eur State. Yet, notwith-
Sabine sues ev ersided, interests in Ae
sounty or part of the State are the 8
tn closer touch with their leader thait we oF
kings county are with him. His constant
and unceasing aim has been how best to
serve our great constituency in this county.
We never had as much representation be-
fore he was Lieutenant-Governor as we
had when he held that office.

“His has beon a life that counts, because
he has been a man of action and a con-
Structive genius, A man firm in purpose,
Fenerous in disposition and always a man
of his word. His political opinion is cer-
tainly well known and approved. He is
well acouainted with the public affairs

; came a close friend of the Prophet.

of this State and knows our wants and re- |

tMurements of the present and demands
for the future. His experience has made
him well versed in the powers, duties and

'
i
|

Brsrosenves of every department of the }

tate. He is in every way fitted tor tne high-

t office in the gift of the people of this

tate, If tha ticket of the Republican party

f this State is headed by Timothy L.

foodruff next fall victory is assured.”

The address was received with tremen-
fous applause, and then Sylvester L,
Brinley offered these resolutions, which
Were tinanimously adopted:

Whereas, We are now on the eve of another
Gubernational election, and

Whereas, We recognize that the favorite

n of Kings county, the Hon. Timothy L.
Noodruff, is thoroughly acquainted with the
owbers, duties and prerogatives of every
epartment of this State, with the publo
halts of mie cba ane pyaly, ray Was)
or the highest office in the gift of the people
of this State, and pee

Wherens, His record in Rublic office shows |

bin to be familiar With the wants and de-
mands of every part of the State, and one who
will be fair to all citizens and just to all in-
lerests, now therefore, be it

Resolved, That the members of the In-
wincible Club take thia occasion to most re-
spectfully ask the Republican party_to nomi-
bate the Hon, Timothy L. Woonruff for the
office of Governor. And we do hereby most
reepectfully urge the Hon, Timothy L. Wood-
ruff to lay aside his private duties and his
Own pecuniary advantages, and, looking
Fogily to the welfare of the State of New
York and the interests of his fellow citizens,
to accept the nomination.

Woe pledge him our earnest and unanimous

upport and feel confident of his election
an overwhelming mafority.

Juatioe John Woodward of the Appellate
Division spoke thus:

Doubtless, there were thousands of other
Brooklyn boys whose early advantages were
equal to Mr. Woodruff's. Some also, it may

€, were just is ambitious ashe. Then how

as he outdistanced so many of those who
ewan the race of life with him? Because

@ wos what Horace calls “a man firm of his
purpose,” because also of his superb poise of
sharacter, becuse of the irresistible com-
2 ation of heart and intellect, and because
of that perseverance in attempt which never
mere at him rest till the dream was a gmil-
ng fact.

frag he not heen a man of dreams he could
fever have aspired. But always his imagina-
tiene are crystallized into realities. His
ae is therefore the key to hia character,

t takes « fine mind and a good heart to set
the nation throwing bouquets, Men eannot
be blinded forever, and will worship only
nduring excellence. Humanity, with all
ts faults, ie at heart magnanimous, and
gives gladly the hands of applause to the
my, G honers Ae race inl
at Mr. Woodruff will never sham

foridence of his fellows we feel sure, fhe

é has been tried, tried often, and has never

et been found wanting. He has forged to
he front because he could not remain behind,
dis is the nature that must do or die, and

is because he has done #0 rauch that he ia

62 Aplin aiiye. One of she magnetic causes
a ele cage, hew Keep the p Di

Moving to the rd Pp procession

To Mr. Woodruff the man of affairs |
have already referred, Alia success is a by-

wo an inspiration. His life illustrates
better than precept what energy, brains
and principles can accomplish. ‘He has

never failed to prove himself master of the
foation, and to this, the noble Society of
nvincibles, I say: La do well to call him
ehief, The secrets of snocess no man knows
Sz oent himself, But t feel sure that without
xity of desire. without perseverance, with-
er wisurrendering probity, Timothy L,
oodrhf, notwithstanding allof his personal

|
|
|
|
|

Startling Electrical Display.

A westbound Tremont avenue car left
the track last night at the switch turning
from Unionport road into West Farms
road and smashed into a trolley pole on
the corner.

The car was going at a good rate of speed
and the passengers were landed in a heap.
Nobody was hurt, The pole was knocked
out of plumb and the feed wire fell to the
Btreet, enveloping the carload of frightened
passengers in blue flame for a few seconds
until it burned out.

 

MRS. L. 8. REMSEN DEAD, AGED 101.

Considered Oldest Woman Resident of New
Jersey—Lived Much Out of Doors.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., March 19.—Mra, Le-
titia S. Remsen, who was considered tho
oldest woman resident of New Jersey, died
at her home in this city this afternoon at
the age of 101, She retained full posses-
sion of her faculties until last week, when
she contracted a cold which developed into
pneumonia, rendering her helpless. She
celebrated her birthday last fall, enter-
taining sixty relatives and friends,

Mrs. Remsen was the daughter of Jaco-
bus Swartout, a revolutionary soldier.
She was born at Fishkill, Dutchess county,
N. Y., on Sept. 1, 1808, Her mother was
Martha Van Wyck, descendants of whose
family are numerous in New York, one
being former Mayor Van Wyck. She was
married to Garret Remsen in Brooklyn in
1824 and resided there until twenty-seven
years ago, when her husband died and she
moved to this city.

She was fond of open-air life, and to
this ascribed her longevity. Until last
summer she went out driving every day.
She had an ardent desire to ride in an auto-
mobile, but her relatives prevented her
from doing so.

Mrs Remsen is survived by two sons
and one daughter, Abram Remsen, a New
York business man with whom she lived,
Wiliam Remsen of Brooklyn, and Mrs.
J. W. Kates of Richmond, Va., wife of the
superintendent of the Postal Telegraph
Company. All her children were present
when death came. There are also nine
grandchildren, and eleven great-grand-
children.

MORMON HIGH PRIEST DEAD.

Was Married Several Times and Leaves
More Than 300 Descendants,

Sait Lake, Utah, March 19.— William
Burgess, a high priest of the Mormon
Church and one of the closest friends of the
Prophet Joseph Smith, is dead at -Hunting-
ton, Utah. He was several times married
and leaves more than 300 descendants.

He was born in Putnam county, N. Y.,
in 1822. With his parents he joined the
Mormon Church in 1833 and after that be-
He
was a member of the household of Joseph
Smith at Nauvoo, Il., for several years.

Several times Burgess was in the handa
of mobs in Missouri and Illinois when the
“Saints” were being persecuted. He be-
came Captain of a company in the famouse
Nauvoo ion, the Mormon military or-
ganization of Illinois.

 

 

Obituary Notes.

Dr. Frank K. Irving, electro-therapeutist
of the City Hospital at Newark, died tn that
institution early yesterday morning of tuber-
culogis to which he subjected himself in his
search for a means of curing that disease
by reaching the germs with the electrie cur-
rent and forcing a mineral solution through
the tissues to the affected parts.
highly successful with his experiments upon
the lower animals. r. Irving was 35 years
old and was born in tt Wayne, Ind.
gave his whole attention to electrical matters
after heaving college and
many of the most prominent. physicians
of Newark because of his knowlodge of X-rav
work and his willingness to impart this knowl-
edge to others. His mother is the only mem-
ber of his family surviving

Abia B. Thorn died on Friday of appendi-
eitis at his home, 127 Livingston street, Brook -
lyn, in his seventieth year He was promi-
nent in Republican politics and in the old
City of Brooklyn served as Alderman of the
Firct ward, Fire Commiesioner and Fire Mar-
shal. He had been engaged in the insurance
business until three years ago when he re-
ceived an appointment as an expert account-
ant in the oifice of the Commissioner of Ac-
counts, which he retained until the close
of his life. He was a_ veteran volunteer
fireman and a member of the Society of Vid
Brooklynites. He war superintendent of
the old Sand street Methodist Episcopal
Church for several years,

Charles R. Fiteh, who resigned two years

ago as general manager o1 the Erie Railrond,
died at his home, in Greenville, Pa., on Friday
of typhoid fever. He began his railroad

career as & telegraph operator on the old
New York, Pennsylvania and Obio. He rose
to be train despatcher and then division wup-
erintendent, leaving the latter place to be-
come superintendent of the Long Island
Railroad. After a few years he returned to
the Erie as general superintendent. He soon
became general manager of the entire Erie
system. Until three months ago he lived
in Paterson at 197 Carroll street. He is sur-
vived by a widow and a daughter.

The Rev. Dr. William Agur Matson, 84
years oft died at his home at Division ave-
nue, Richmond Hill, Queens borough, late Fri-
day mighs after an illness of three days of
bronchial pneumonia. He leaves a widow,
one gon and two daughters. He was the
oldest clergyman in the piscopal diocese
of Lon sland. Dr. Matson was rector
of the Church of the Resurrection for a num-

r of years, when he resigned and took
charge of a church in Roaly pi 4 I. Funeral
services will be held at the Church of the
Resurrection near his home on tuesday
next. In the course of his life he did editorial
work on the Gospel Messenger and the Church-
man,

Samuel Van Santvoort Bruen died at his
home in Newark rpeverda. morning of pneu-
monia after an illness of leas than a week
following a silaut attack of grip, which did
not keep him from attending to his duties
as Chief Deputy in the office of the Collector
of Internal Revenue for the Fifth District of
New se: He was 59 years old and un-
married, He went into the revenue depart-
ment at Newark over forty years ago and
remained under all changes of officials until
illness caused him to quit on Tuesday last.
An invalid mother survives him.

Dr. Thomas W. Watkins, who died on
Thursday at his home, 453 Forty-second
street, Brooklyn, in his sevanty-sixth year
was a son of the late Dr. John Watkiis o
London, England, who was among the first
to use chloroform in medical practice. The
son came to this country thirty-five years
ago and settled in Brooklyn. Two ‘sons,
three daughters and thirteen grandchildren
survive him.

Joseph Crowell Morris, 67 years old, a
grandson of Stephen Morris, one of the early
settlers of Essex county, N. J., and afounder
of theold First Presbyterian Church in Bloom-
field, N. J.. died yesterday at his home ut
that place. He had been in the carpet busi-
ness inthis city. He is survived by a widow
and one daughter, Mrs. Willian R. Broughton.

Homer Twitchell is dead in Naugatuck,
Conn. ae was born in Oxford on Aug. 19,
1826, and all his life had been a manufacturer.
He introduced the original safety pin, which

made automatic , ew 3
State Senator. v ee

Joseph R. Van Syckle, a metal decorato
of 249 Jefferson avenue, Brooklyn, died yea.
terday of heart disense at Atlantic City.
He was 69 vears old and a veteran of the
raid. He leaves a widow and a son.

ohn L. Stettinius, a retired capitaliat,
died in his home in Cincinnati, Ohio, yesterday,
aged 72 years. He fad been ill for two youre’

He was }

He!

was consulted by .

ROOSEVELT 10 BE THE ISSUE,

HE, AND ALL THAT HE IM-
PLIES,” SAYS COL. WATTERSON.

 

 

Hearst’s Boom Is Either Advertising or &
Kind of Insanity—Bryan Out, Cleveland
Couldn't Win, but the Woods Are Full
of Good Men—Defeat May Mean Death.

St. Louis, March 19.—Henry Watter-
son, editor of the Louisville Courer-Jour-
| nai, in an interview published in the Sfar
to-day, handles Hearst, Bryan and Grover
Cleveland without gloves. In response
to a question as to who would be the Demo-
cratic candidate for President of the United
States, Col. Watterson replied that it was
early to venture upon a forecast. °
“Only a few communities have declared
themselves, and we cannot judge from
these who the candidate will be; but the
Democratic party has plenty of good can-
didates, among them Gorman and Parker,”
Col. Watterson was then asked about
the various candidates separately.
“What do you think of Mr. Cleveland as

a candidate?”

“No one who will exercise any influence
over the coming national convention is
dreaming of Mr. Cleveland as a nominee;
nor is Mr. Cleveland dreaming of the nomi-
nation, The suggestion of Mr. Cleveland
as a possible candidate is not worth the
consideration.”

“What is your opinion of William Ran-
dolph Hearst as a candidate?”

f it Mr. Hearst's candidacy is not a clever
scheme of advertising, it seems to me a
kind of insanity, He is without official
training of any kind, and without training
in public affairs which might fit him for so
great a place.”

“Will William Jennings Bryan bea factor
in the national Democratic convention to
be held in St. Louis?"

“Tt looks as though Mr. Bryan was pre-
Basing for a bolt. But a bdélt from Mr.

ryan and Mr. Hearst would not cost a
State we have, while it would carry some
of the States we need.

“We want a clean nominee, a nominee
whose personality gives the country guar-
antees, and as little platform as may be
required to state the case of the People vs.
the Absolutists.

“Mr. Cleveland would not do because the
third term traditions would more than
offset whatever strength he has with the
mugwumps. Mr. Bryan says he is out.
Mr. Hearst is preposterous. But the woods
are full of good and available candidates
There are Gorman and Parker and Gray
and Olney, not to mention the thorough-
bred colts— McClellan and Harrison. Ona
sound platform any one of these candidates
ought to be able to beat Theodore Roose-

elt.

“Ts the old silver issue dead?"

“Oh, ves; we will probably hear no more
of that in the coming campaign.”

“What will be the Democratio {issue in
the coming national campaign?”

“Theodore, Roosevelt, with all that he
implies. He ‘is the only issue. Him out of
the way, once again in power we could
proceed to reconstruct our fractured con-
stitutional system on sound Democratic
Bee Another defeat and it may be too
ate.”

In speaking more at length of Mr. Hearst
as a candidate, Col. Watterson said that
| Hearst as a public force was known only
| through the newspapers.

“Asa writer who can say that Mr. Hearst
writes what appears over his superscrip-

{ tion?” said Col. Watterson. “Oratory has
never been regarded as a Presidential re-
eee but even as a speaker, where are
the evidences of his aptitude or of hia ex-
perience, or of any capability to think or
express himself?

“In a word, of Mr. Hearst's entity, of his
standing, apart from his millions and his
machine, we know, the public knows, abso-
lutely nothing. Such a _ candidate for

er of the United States is prepos-

|

terous ”
LOTOS CLUB DINES DR. STRAUSS.

The German Composer in His Native
Tongue Tells How Pleased He Is.

 

 

| The Letos Club opened its home and its
heart last night to the great German com-
poser, Dr. Richard Strauss, It dined him
and sang his praises and his songs. Even
the dishes of the menu were flavored with
a special Strauss nomenclature.
President Lawrence of the:club, acted as
' toastmaster.
| “I shall have but a word to say to-night,
gentlemen, for it does not seem entirely
| congruous to speak about our guest in a
I language that he does not fully under-
‘atand. And then, again, it would not do to
; utter commonplaces in the presence of
Dr. Strauss, one of the intellectual giants
of the age. I will call on one who can
exprese to the doctor in his own languago
‘the great honor that the Lotos Club feels
in having him as the guest of the even-
I call on Mr. von Briesen.”
Mr. von Briesen then addressed Dr.
Strauss in German. Those who under-
stood the language interrupted the speech
| frequently with laughter and applause,
; and the less enlightened members took
the cue. At the end of his remarks the
‘club drank a standing toast to its guest
and then joined in singing “Hoch soll er
leben.”
Dr. Strauss then rose and said in Ger-

man:

I'm very north that I can’t thank you itn
the manner I'd like to. The fact is I forgot
my baton and my orchestra.
else except extend my heartfelt thanks for
your kindness and hospitality. I have to
confess that my idea of the well known Ameri-
can hospitality has been far surpassed, I
empty my glass to the progress and glory
of this magnificent nation and to the success
of the Lotos Club.

{
|
| When Mr. Buenz, the German Consul-

 

| ing.
|
\
|
|

‘

I can do nothing

General in this city, was called upon he
said that he would like to think that the
honor conferred upon Richard Strauss by
the Lotos Club was also conferred upon
his nation, and that he wanted to thank
the club for the kind feelings toward his
pegpls.

“I beg to assure you that we sincerely
reciprocate those feelings, and that it is
our earnest hope that the future will.see
us even closer united in mutual respect
and friendship.”

E. Francis Hyde, Samuel A.
and Dr. Klein joined in the afterdinner
appreciation of Dr. Strauss and his music.

hen Mr. Walter Damrosch. who had
dropped in, was called upon. He said:

“After all this eloquence, it seems pre-

eumptunus for me to say anything except as

Simons

Dr. Strauss has suggested, with a baton in
my hand and an orchestra behind me.
His prerence here is a tribute to the ar-
tistic bonds that unite the old and the new
world. His works have had the usual
effect of works of genius. They have but
to be heard t# be misunderstood, but it
is a pleasure to know that Ameriea was in
the van in the appreciation and recognition
of his genius.”

 

MISS SHERWOOD RECANTS,

After School,

Miss Sherwood, vice-principal of the
Hoboken Training School, who was sus-
pended with her principal, Misa Elizabeth
A. Allen, on Friday by President Bowne of
the Board of Education for refuisng to
write themes for the Teachers’ College
extension course, was formally reinstated
yesterday. She had a long talk with Mr.
Bowne, and said she regretted having
disobeyed the orders of the board, Miss
Sherwood will resume her duties to-morrow
morning.

Miss Allen does not purpose to give up
the fight. It is understood that she has
retained the law firm of Collins & Corbin of
Jersey City to apply to the Supreme Court
for a writ of certiorari for a review of the

Board of Education's action in compellin,
all teachers in the Hoboken public achoo
to attend weekly lectures an

out of school hours.

  
  
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
 

write themes age
en

  

Cotton, Lisle Thread,

G0-62 West 23d Street. :

MERRY STUDENT COMMERS,

GERMAN UNIVERSITY MEN AT
THE ARION CLUB.

A Renewal of the Entertainment They
Gave to Prince Henry—A ‘“Knetp
Zeitung” Witifa Load of German Jokes
—Planned to Give Us German [dealism.

 

 

The annual commers of the German
University Students’ Union was held last
night in the hall of the Arion Society.
When Prince Henry was here the old German
university students, both German and
American, entertained him at the Arion
Society and later organized the union.

Several members insisted last night that
while the objects of the union might ap-
pear to be wholly convivial or at least
social, such was not the case. It was
said that the union sought to increase
German idealism in this country and pro-
mote fellowship between university men
the world over. At an early hour this
morning the fellowship showed no signs
of waning.

The atudents—they still like to be called
that, although some of them are gray—
sat down at five long tables. At the head
table were Dr. Carl Beck, president of the or-
ganization, and the chairman, Dr, Schweit-
zer, who had before him a student's fencing
foil. At the end of each of the other tables
sat one of the vice-presidents. They also
had foils, Whenever the chairman an-
nounced a speech or song he rapped the
table with his foil and the vice-presidente
noisily did the same.

Scattered about the room were the in-
signia of many German university clubs
On the tables were copies of the Kneip-
Zeitung or Drinking Journal. The only
other thing on the tables was beer.

The Drinking Journal had apparently
been written and edited by members with
a humorous leaning. It contained ad-
ierreetoen one of which bore this leg-
end:

ANTIBROWNDARKETASTEIN UND :

COLDGRAYDAWNOFTHEMORNINGAFTFRIN.

This and the rest of the advertisement
being freely translated means:

The anti-dark-brown-taste and the cold-
gray-dawn-of-the-morning-after. Two new
real sympathetic American remedies will be
delivered to members of the union on Sun-
day and Monday, free of charge, by Dr. Wil-
liam C. Nopers, manufacturing pharmacist.

The Drinking Journal also contained
many of the old pal rerelty songs, which
were sung with no end of spirit by the
students. The students, by the way, came
from all over the asad Harvard, Col-
umbia, Johns Hopkins, Chicago University
Princeton and Miami University were a
few of the institutions represented.

Everybody indulged in salamander rub-
bing, and when the commers had pro-

to a properly enthusiastic point
the chairman called for the “semester.”

German university men measure
time out of the Contes: not by years, but by
semesters. When the chairman called for
those “between five and

Re tape ne eee

“THE SUN, SUNDAY, ‘MARCH 20,

_ “Begee

 

Hosiery.

Silk and Light Weight Wool,
: Sox, 3-4 and Long Hose,

Underwear.
Gauze, Gossamer and Super-weights,
in Merino, White and Natural Wool.
Combination Suits.
Silk and Wool Underwear.

t

their |

ten semesters,” |

a bunch of young men stood up and one i

ot their number made a ®
the “ten to twenty semesters” were called
upon and so on.

When the forty and fifty men were called
upon there was only one to respond and he,
of course, made the speech.

Besides an indefinite number of ex-
temporaneous speeches there were a few
set ones. President Carl Beck spoke of the
Pp of the union.

“We who are Germans,” he explained,
“would not desire this organization to
spread German ideas that interfere with
American institutions. We do want to
give America the best German idealism.”

“There are 2,000 Americans in German
universities,” said Prof. William Hallock
of Columbia, one of the vice-presidents,
“and as long as Americans go to Germany
to study, friendship between _the two
countries will be unbroken. This union
aime to promote fellowship between uni-
versity man the world over.”

Others present were Profs. Carpenter
and Davis of Columbia, Prof. James of
Miami University, George W. Maynard,
Ashbel P. Fitch, James F. Graybill and
George V. von Skal of the Staats Zeitung.

BUYING SOLDIERS’ CLAIMS.

Cuban Bond fssue Likely to Come Into the
Hands of Speculators.

New ORLEANS, March 19.—J. C. Wood,
a prominent American who has lived in
Cuba for some time, says that the Cuban
money lenders are purchasing the soldiers’
pay claims on a speculative basis and will
get the entire issue of warrants.

The “soldiers and thcse who are entitled
to indemnity claims in payment for dam-
ages received during the Cuban revolutions
will receive about 50 per cent. in cash, in
three installments, between now and next
January, but the remainder will be paid
in bonds that will be issued by the Govern-
ment in lieu ¢f odsh,” said Mr. Wood.

“The brokers are buying up the specie
warrants, which give the purchasers the
right to the bonds without extra pay. The
claimants are expected to sell ata
and in the course of a short tine the money-
lenders will be in possession cf moat, if not
all, of the bond issue which will be made
to satisfy the amounts due after the cash
payments. ‘this is calculated to place Cuba

in the hande of the speculators, who may |

adopt methods to force the Government
e redeem the bonds whenever they fall
ue.”

INDICTED FOR PEONAGE.

Negro Bared His Back in Court and Showed
the Marks of the Whip.

JACKSON, Mias., March 19.—United States
Marshal Wilson returned to-night from
the session of the Federal Court in Meridian,
He says indictments have been returned

dinest Bill and Dan Pickett for peonage.
T ey had Doc Farmington, colored, and, his
family in bontage. he negro bared ‘his
back in court and showed great scars and
welts where he had been lashed by his
masters.

The case is even more harrowing and
sensational than that of Shep Griffin, who
was reported several days since as in bond-
Bid the Leggett brothers and Iver

erson

 

iscount |

h. Then '

 

|

|

i
|

 

; Titus gave one of them a marked five-dollar

‘were searched at the stationhouse the

oS

1904.

}

Children’s Hosiery & Underwear.

Every desirable style, weight and size will be found
here. The best foreign as well as domestic makes.

 
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
 
   
    
     
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
    
 
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
     
  
     
  
   
 

Black, White and Colors.

Ribbed Underwear.

 
 

COLD STORACE

| FOR
| Furs, Garments,
| Rugs, Ete.
| Expertenced Furrier in Charge.
| Five years’ service with an ever tncreas-
ing patronage has demonstrated that
dry cold storage ts the most satisfactory
method of iessoeor from moths.
ENDORSED BY FURRIERS WHO
HAVE USED THE SYSTEM.
Our treproof bullding offers an addition -
| a! safeguard.
BURGLAR-PROOF VAULTS for secu-
rities and silver plate.
FIREPROOF WAREHOUSES _ for
household furniture of every description

| LINCOLN SAFE DEPOSIT CO.,
|

Phone 5483-38th St, 32-42 E, 42d St., N.Y.
Send for estimate and pamphlet. |

 
   
 
 
 
     

 

 

a

HAMMER SQUADS VISIT CLUBS

MERCER STREET POLICE FIND
ANOTHER BIG POOLROOM.

 

 

Sledges Uscd on Doors in West Thirty-
seventh Street Also—Tenderloin Police
Take a Wagonful of Prisoners From
a Place Just Opened Up There.

Police Inspector Titus and Capt. Tighe
went yesterday afternoon to visit the Alden
Social Club in West Eighth street near
Sixth avenue. About thirty policemen
went along. After the place had been
surrounded the door was attacked with a
sledgehammer, It was 80 stoutly built
that Inspector Titus, fearing it could not
be smashed, sent for a ladder, designing
to pay his call through a second story
window. When the ladder came the door
was down and the callers went in that way.
Upstairs they found two more doors, one
of which they sinashed. The other was
opened for them by cops on the inside.

There were about 280 men in the place,
All except five were allowed to go. The
five were locked up charged with keeping a
poolroom.

Inspector Titus said he had had five men
in the place for several days and it was
on their evidence that the place was raided.

bill yesterday and when the_ prisoners

bill was found in the possession of Harris
Cohen.

This was the fourth raid in the Mercer
street precinct since the one made by Ip-
spector Brocks on Wednesday on orders
from Commissioner McAdoo.

Before noon yesterday Capt. Cottrell
of the Tenderloin station received informa-
tion that a poolroom would begin to do
business in the afternoon at 104 West Thirty-
third street. Cottrell waited to give the
new place a chance to start and then he
sent three plain clothes men_ to investi-
gate—Mclver, Dockstader and Lang.

Without the least trouble the three men

got into the building, where a tailor has a
shop on the first floor, On the second
landin they found a man on guard and
when he tried to bar their way they ar-
rested him. The guard made so much
noise that he alarined the men who were
in the alleged poolroom on the second
oor.
Holding on to their prisoner, the three
sleuths kicked in the second floor door and
found fourteen men there. Two of the
fourteen stood ground, while a dozen tried
to escape by the windows. To calm them
the detectives pointed pistols at them and
they became calm. The two who hadn't
ie to escupé were arrested as the prin-
cipals.

‘layers and principals were taken to the
West Thirtieth street station in the patrol
wagon. ‘The doorkeeper said he was Wil-
liam Keiser. ‘lhe two other principals said
they were William Harrington and John
B. Brown. Harrington h a bank roll
of a few hundred dollars. These three
were held, ‘lhe others were let go.

Capt. Hussey of the West Thirty-seventh
street station raided the Drummers’ Social
Club at 283 West Thirty-seventh street
yesterday afternoon. The captain and his
men used sledgehammers in getting into
the place. The evidence was obtained by
two detectives, who were introduced to
the SBOEROR PEE by_ waiters who frequent
the place. Just before the raid was made
one of the detectives made a bet on a horse
and won.

Four prisoners were takert They eaid
they were Charles Shofer, Joseph Hogan,
Charles Power and James Peterson. Shofer
had $376 and the police say he was the
proprietor.

—

 

NEGRO FIGHTS A POSSE.

Had Shot a White Man and Died Rather
Than Submit to Arrest.

BIRMINGHAM, Ala,, March 19.—Steve
Cooper, white, was shot and painfully
injured this afternoon by two negroes
while he was driving along the Blye Creek
road in the southern part of the county.
Cooper fell out of the wagon.and the team
ran away.

Newt Clements, deputy constable, formed
a_posse and started after the ne
Wes Throot,one of the negroes, was capt-
ured without much trouble and wae locked

| up in the jail at Bessemer. The other negro,

when overtaken, showed fight. He was
armed with a double barrelled shotgun.
The posse finally shot him several times,
and he fell, After the negro was down
he managed to fire his gun, striking Clements
and inflicting a serious injury. A stray
bullet struck Mrs. John Willingham, an
aged white woman who stood some distance
away, in the head and she is dying. The
negro fired a dozen bullets before he died.

Cooper and Clements are under treat-
ment in Bessemer. The body of the dead
negro has been brought in. Mre. Willing-
ham cannot be moved. Cooper had hauled
some negroes from the Virginia mines,
where a strike is on, and was on his way
back when he was shot. He will lose an
arm.

Mayor McClellan at Lakewood.

LAKEwoop, N. J., March 19.—Mayor
McClellan and his wife are among the week-
end visitors at Lakewood. They are stay-
ing at Seton Inn, a@ quiet place in the pine
woods about two miles north of the vil-
lage. The Mayor had no visitors to-day.
ay etl return to New York to-morrow
nig:

 

 

 

IMPORTANT

RUG SALE,
Monday, March 2zist,

continuing throughout the week.

 

Antique collectors, connoisseurs, or any. one wishing to
make their home beautiful, will be interested in the

Antique Ori

ental Rugs,

{mported direct from PERSIA, which we have secured from
the owner, who determined to sell the entire shipment in-

The size ofthe invoice bei

“tact, not following the usual custom of breaking the lot.

ng altogether too large for or-

dinary dealers to handle, we purchased the entire lot at prices
so low that wecan retail the rugsat less than wholesale price,

We offer the entire collection

oO

Antique

Perstan Carpets,

200 (large size), including the
following weaves:—Antique
Khorassan, Saraband, Kur-
distan, Senna Kurdistan,Etc.,
prices range from

$275 to $750.
Antique

Persian Carpets,

175 (medium size), including
weaves of:—Antique Kho-
rassan, Saraband, Kurdistan,
Etc., with pricesranging from

$45 to $350.

f
Flearth Rugs,

250, in the following weaves;
Tabriz, Kurdistan, Iran, Etc.,
with prices ranging from

$15 to $40,
Flall Strips and

Star Runners,

350, including weaves of :—
Kurdistan, Senna Kurdistan,
Camel’s Hair, Hamadan,Sou-
loulak, Saraband, Etc.; over
24 are in pairs; prices rafge

from $78.50 to $185,

At Retail Only.

Do not expect to find the
one owns among this lot.

conventional rugs that every-

All Ave Rare and Choice.

The occasion offers a most exceptional opportunity to
those seeking something altogether out of the ordinary, at

an extremely low price.

 

Lord &

Laylor,

Broadway and Twentieth Street and Fifth Avenue

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. |

 

genuinely marked down prices.

A Few of the Carpet Specials.

Best Tapestries at 60c. per yard,

were 85c. and $1.00. per yard, were $1.50 and $1.65.

Darable Velwvets at 80c.
yard, were $1.10 and $1.20.

Five frame Body Brussels at 95c.
per yard, were $1,35 and $1.50.

Superior Arminsters at $1.00 per
yard, were $1.50 and $1.65.

per

aartered Oak Extension Tables| Well made Bureaus, various
at $12.00, $18.00 and $25.00,|woods, at £22.50, $30.00 and
were $16.50, $23.50 and $33.50. oe ao Were $28.50, $42.50, and

Quartered Oak Dining Chairs at
$1.65, $2.35 and $3.50, were
$2.75, $3.50 and $5.00.

Brass Beds at $19.50, $23.50
and $34.00, were $27.00, $31.00
and $46.00.

Chff/onters, in vartous woods, at
$14.50, $21.50 and $30.00, were
$20.00, $28.50 and $40.00.

Mahogany Bookcases at $25.00,
eee and $50.00. were $35.00,
8.50 and $68.50. ;

 

Man Who Left Saginaw With Her Had Her

Watch When Arrested.

Craroaao, Ill., March 19.--Carrie Hamil-
ton, a fifteen-year-old heiress of Saginaw,
Mich., has been traced to Chicago, where
she has mysteriously disappeared. Her
relatives fear that she has been murdered.

   

TRADE

Op

 
   

‘Ohe

B, G. LATIMER & SONS CO.

We have an exceptional assortment of medium and high
grade Furniture and Carpetings. Our exhibit is unsurpassed
in the whole of Greater New York, and tt appeals to people
of good taste who are seeking choice and artistic effects in
reliable goods at moderate prices.
rooms, at all times, are numerous special designs, all with-
drawn from our regular lines, which Wwe are selling at

12, at $21.50, were $30.00.
per yard, were $1.50.
$26.50, were $35.00.

Some of the Furniture Specials.

$7.50, Were $4.75, $7.50 and
£10.00.

$18.00, $28.50 and $35.00, were
$25.00, $40.00 and $50.00.

$50.00, $70.00 and $85.00, were
$68.50, $95.00 and $115.00.

$19.00, $33.50 and $55.00, were
$28.50, $50.00 and $78.50.

B. G. LATIMER & SONS CO.

Falton St. and Flatbush Ave., Brooklyn.

A
y

»)

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS,
PPL LD

   

Throughout our ware-

Finest Wilton Velwets at $1.10

ighest grade Smyrna Rugs, 9x
Best Inlaid Linoleam at $1.10
Standard Wilton Rugs, 9x12, at

Iron Beds at $3.00, $5.75 and
Quarlered Oak Sideboards at
Parlor

Handsome Sates at

artered Oak China Closets al

    
         

    

+ Barney Rose, who represented himself
to be a music teacher, and who, it is said,
left Saginaw with the girl, is locked up here
accused by the girl’s brother of enticing
her away from her home. Rose says the

girl is in Detroit, but he refuses to give her
address,

A watch, which Hamilton identified as his
sister's, was in Rose's pocket then he was
arrested in West Madison street yesterday

 

 
  
 

maa
Ve
cally

 

 

MA
Matimctastr ce hs

MPANY

GOLD &7 SILVERSMITHS

will »pen their new

building, 5th Ave,

at 3Jst St, on Monday with a large

display of Sterling

  

Sa a Nn oe ernaeete ee ene el

Jewelry, Leather Goods,
INSPECTION IS INVITED.

Silver, Cut Glass,

Stationery

   

  

eck

OOOOOOOOH 000000 00000000000000900000000000060000080 SSSSOTESESODOD

  

   
  

   

wv

a

oe

sy

ae