ne

    
  
 
 
   
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
     
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
     
  
  
  
  
   
  

   

"

* Bostoh.”

eel

ee

TWO HUSBANDS MET IN PARIS,

 

CEE

SHOW ME *’ROUND, SAYS

DON'T TELL MY WIFE,

ONE;

 

And T’Other Didn’t Show Him ’Round and
Did Tell His Wife, and the Wife fs
Having a Hard Time Getting a Divorces
—Her Husband Too Willing, Maybe.

Mrs, Clara A. Galloway is finding con-
siderable difficulty in procuring a divorce
from J. Armour Galloway, who has offices
in the Young Men's Christian Association
Building on West Fifty-seventh street.
Oswald N. Jacoby, who heard the testimony

that in*his opinion Mrs, Galloway was en-
titled to an absolute divorce, but Supreme
Court Justice MacLean, though he deliv-
ered no opinion, refused to confirm the
report. His order was carried up on appeal
to the Appellate Division, which court,
while admitting that the evidence was suffi-
alent on which to base a divorce decree,
bald that nevertheless there seemed to be
some possibility of collusion, not including
Mrs. Galloway, but including her husband.
he Appellate court therefore refused to
reverse Justice MacLean’s decision, but
gave Mrs. Galloway leave to apply in Special
Term again for leave to take such further
proof or other proceedings as she or her
counsel might deem advisable, with a view
to showing that there was no collusion,
eo that she may obtain a decree.

The Galloways were married in Parsons,
Kan., on Sept. 21, 1890, and have no children.
They have lived in New York since 1895
and from 1900 until the spring of last year
they resided together at the Rutland apart-
ment at Fifty-seventh street and Broad-
way. For the past few years Galloway has
had offices in the Y. M. C. A. Building, and
he appears in the directory as a “teacher.”

Some time in the summer of 1903 Mrs,
Galloway began an action for a divorce,
accusing her husband of infidelity with an
unknown wornan at the Grand Union Hotel
on May 28 of that year. Galloway put in
an answer denying the charge, and an
order was entered granting Mrs. Galloway
alimony of $1,000 a year and $150 counsel
fee. Mr. Jacoby was appointed referee, and
counsel for Galloway appeared béfore him
to defend the action.

David 4. Raine and Wilbur W. Smith,

two private detectives residing in Brook-
lyn, testified that they had watched Gallo-
way and had seen him enter the Grand
Union Hotel with a woman who was not
Mrs. Galloway, on May 28, 1903. Smith also
saw him register as “J. A. Havens and wife,
Boston.”
Sidney R. Walker of 151 West Sixty-
first street was the principal witness for
Mrs. Galloway. Heisthesuperintendent of
the safe deposit vaults of the Hudson River
branch of the Corn Exchange Bank, and
has known both the Galloways for several
Years. Walker testified that he had met
Calloway in Paris some years ago and that
Galloway had asked him to “show him
around” to certain places that Walker re-
fused to visit. At that time, says Walker,
Galloway asked him not totell Mrs.Galloway,
and Walker replied that he would not, but
that if at any time any one turned on Gallo-
way for Mrs. Galloway's benefit he, Walker,
would certainly be the man. Walker is a
married man.

In the spring of 1903, Walker says, Mrs.
Galloway told him that she had employed }
detectives to watch her husband because |
she believed him to be leading a double
life, and she asked Walker to help her in
“catching him. He agreed to aid Bat, and
‘was telephoned to on May 28 by a detective,
who told him that Galloway was then in the
Grand Union Hotel with a strange woman.

Waiker hurried to the hotel, met Raine
and Smith, and after hearing their story
entered the hotel and registered, ny be-
low “J. A. Havens,” as “S. R. Walker, ;
‘Then he went upstairs, and '
after a while knocked at Galloway's door,
saying he was the bellboy. Galloway
opened the door perdy, Walker says, but |
refused to let him in. falker put his foot
in the doorjamb and exclaimed, as he says:

“Don't be a fool, Galloway, you know
what I’m here for.”

Walker was admitted, and on his testi-
mony as to what he saw the referee de-
clared Mrs. Galloway entitled to a divorce.
Walker swcre that he had no knowledge
whether Galloway knew anything about
his, Walker's, impending arrival.

When the referee reported, counsel for
beth sides stipulated an agreemenc that
the tempcrary alimcn:>, $1,800 a year, was
to’ be continued for Mrs. Galloway's life
should the diverce decree be entered.
Justice Macvean, however, refused to
eenfirm the repcrt, and cn appeal Justice
Hatch, wri'ing for the Appellato ocur',
save that while the evidence wes esufticient

 

in the absence of collusion, 7 @. there aro
circumstances indicating the peresibilits
cf ccllusicn en the part of ‘he hashand.

These andsthe failure cf Lis counrel to
er ss-examine, éxcept cn such jaciiculars
as rather tended to strengthen Mrs. Gallo-
wav's case than *c weaken it, wero sus-
picicus circumstances. Anciher curicus
circumstance was the alimery © ipvle-
lion, entered befcre a judgmet: was ren-
dered, and alse ‘the failure tc enter any
defence. The court belery was therefcre
Jisified in refusing to confirm the re-
per’, but, seys Jusiice Batch, dire, Gallo-
way is entilec ‘ec preve that she was not
ayariy te avy ccllueion and that thereforo
the is entitlec to a decree,

—————_———— Ss

 

Thanks From the German Government.

WaRHINGTON. March 19.—The thanks cf
the German Government for the rescue
of Herr Thorm, a German mercliant in
Sante Domingo, by the United States
cruiser Columbia were conveyed officially
to Secretary Hay to-day by Baron von
Sternburg, the Gerfoan Ambassador.
Baron von Sternburg asked thet the Ger-
man Government's appreciation be com-
municated to Capt. James M. Miller, the
Columbia's commander. ‘chorm was ar-
rested by the Dominicans, and at the re-
quest of the German Consul at Santo Do-
mingo City Capt. Miller demanded his
release.

 

Gen.’ Wood's Commission Made Out.

WasxHinaton, March 19.—The commis-
sion of Major-Gen. Leonard Wood was
made out at the War Department this
morning. It will be signed by Secretary
of War Taft and transmitted to the White
House to receive the signature of Presi-
dent Roosevelt. It bears _to-day'’s date
and commissions Leonard Wood a Major-
General in the United States Army with
rank dating from Aug. 8, 1903, which was
the day upon which his recess appoint-
ment was e. The commission will
be sent to Gen. Wood in the Philippines
assoon as it is returned to the War De-
partment by President Roosevelt.
President May Recognize Moralcs Gev-

ernment in Santo Domingo.

WasuHinaton, March 19.—As a result of
the visit of Admiral Dewey, Assistant
Secretary of State Loomis and other officers
to Santo Démingo, formal recognition of
the provisional Government headed by
President Morales will probably be given
by President Roosevelt. Mr. Roosevelt
has been told by some of the Dewey party
that Morales is a pretty strong man, and it
is believed that if he obtains recognition
from thia Government, he will work to
maintain order in his perturbed republic.

 

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

“WasninoTton, March 19.—The battleship
Iowa has arrived at Hampton Roads, the
cruiser Cleveland at Key West, the cruiser
San Francisco at Singapore, the cruiser
New Orleans at Hong Kong, the cruiser
Cincinnati at Chemulpho, and the tug Samo-
wet at League Island.

The collier Glacier has sailed from Guan-
tanamo for Pensacola, the training ship
Hartford from Cape Haytien for Port au
Prince and the monitor Nevada from Hamp-
ton Roads for Pensacola.

in her suit, reported to the Supreme Court

Sikcialtetsnsiiiciitinees lhe leant eins SES Le ie all

  

 

HOME FOR FILIPL

 

RULE NOS,
The Law Prevides for Self-Government
Two Years After a Census Is Taken.

WASHINGTON, March 19.—Seoretary Taft
is contemplating a return to the Philippines
in the event of Mr. Roosevelt's election.
The trip to be taken by the Secretaty of
War will be of great importance to the
Filipinos, as it will mark the first step
toward self-government for the islands.

The Philippine law provides that two
years after the completion and publica-
tion of the census of the Philippines, in
case a general and complete peace, with
recognition of the authority of the United
States, shall have continued in the terri-
tory outside of the Moro country, the Pres-
ident may direct a general election in the
Philippines for the choice of delegates
to a popular assembly of the people of
the islands, which shall be known as the
Philippine Assembly.

The Government of the Philippines will
then be placed in charge of two houses,
the Philippine Assembly, elected by the
people, and the Philippine Commission,
appointed by the President. The Legis-
lature so constituted shall also choose
two resident commissioners to the United
States to look after Philippine interests.

Before this election can take place, how-
ever, the President must be satisfied that
@ proper conditon of peace has prevailed,
and Secretary Taft, by making a com-
plete tour of inspection through the islands,
will be in a position to report to the Presi-
dent whether or not all conditions make it
advisable to permit the Filipinos to par-
ticipate in a Jegislative branch of govern-
ment.

The Philippine census is now practically
completed and will be ready for promulga-
tion within a very short time. Gen. Sanger,
who directed the taking of the census,
has been for a number of months assisting
in the statistical work, and it is probable
that it will be ready for issue this summer,
so that if conditions permit the election
may be echeduled for the fall of 1907.

Sebretary Taft's present plans are to
leave here in the summer of 1905. He will
go direct to Manila and there confer with
the Philippine Commission and will ac-
company the commission on an inspection
of all the principal islands. On the return
to Manila a report on the general condi-
tion will be adopted and transmitted to
the President.

ADMIRAL WALKER ON THE CANAL.

He Says the Bohio Dam Is the Most Dimcult
Problem They Have to Solve.

WASHINGTON, March 19.--Admiral Walker
of the Panama Canal Commission was again
before the House Interstate Commerce
Commission to-day in connection with the
bills providing for the government of the
canal zone. In referring to the engineering
work of the canal, Admiral Walker de-
clared that the Bohio dam was the key to
the whole project. The difficulties lay prin-
cipally in obtaining a good foundation for
the dam, and the great depth which would
be necessary to go for rock bottom.* The
engineers had found, by borings, that no
rock was encountered until a depth of
150 feet below sea level was reached, and
they were not entirely sure of that. Further
investigation was necessary in order to
determine definitely just what the depth

 

 

 

| was. If no rock bottom were found, Admiral

Salker said, some Ineans would be deter-
mined upon for getting around such a con-
tingenoy. ;

In connection with the employment of
engineers as inspectors, which Admiral
Walker said would be necessary, Mr. Hep-
burn said that thoes officials would
taken from the oivil servieo, of course.
Admiral Walker replied in the negative.

Mr. Hepburn, whe is a pronounced op-
ponent of the civil service system, said
sarcastically that he was pained to hear
such an expression from the Admiral, He
said he supposed, however, that the com-
mission would obtain what scavengers

omen and water carriers it needed
from the civil service. Admiral Walker
thought not. The civil service, in his
opinion, would not work well on the Isthmus.

“I don't want to be understocd,” he cor.-
tinued, “as cpene the civil service system,
for I am in favor of it. We are all,” he
added, “when it does not apply to us per-
sonally.”

The commission, he said, was to sail for
the Isthmus on March 20, but the actual

lans would be made after its return to

Jashington, which would be the principal
headquarters of the commission.

NO MONEY FOR LANGLEY.

He Must Perfect His Airship at Hts Own
Expense.

Wasuinaton, March 19.~The Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications has decided not
te allot any money this yeer for a continu-
ance by Prof. Langley of his aerial ex-
periments. The beard called upon Prof.
Langley for an account of his expenditure
of the $25,000 appropriated some time ago.
This report gave in detail the various items
of expenditure and was satisfactory to the

board.

Prof. Langley admitted that the results
of his attempts last fall to make his aero-
drome fly were inconclusive, but explained
that the trouble was due to the launching
apparatus and not caused by any fault of the
aerodrome. He said that it seemed reason-
able to believe that another $25,000 would
enable him to secure definite results. After
discussing the matter very fully the board
directed that Prof. Lang iy be informed
that it was not considered expedient at
this time to make a further allotment.

MORE TEACHERS WANTED.

Gov. Wright Says There Are 160 Vacancies
in the Philippines.

WASHINGTON, March 19.—Special efforts
are to be made by the War Department to
secure teachers forthe Philippine schools.
Gov. Wright has cabled Secretary Taft
that 160 vacancies exist, and that it is de-
sirable to have more teachers in the Philip-
pines by the first of June.

The Bureau of Insular Affairs consulted
with the Civil Service Commission, and a
plan has been adopted of holding special
examinations in t country in all the
large cities for the pu e of securing
eligibles. The first examinations will take
Jace on March 20 and 80, and these will
followed about three weeks later by
another examination.

Countess Cassini's Horse Runs Away.
WasHinaton, March 19.—Countess Cas-
sini’s French cob has again caused trouble.
Several months ago the horse took
fright on Pennsylvania avenue, and its
driver narrowly escaped serious accident.
To-day while the Countess was in a store
became frightened at an automo-
bile end when it niche’ its mad plunging
both the automobile and the pony cart to
which the horse was attached were badly
wrecked.

Congressman Thompson Seriously fl.

WasHinaton, March 19.--The physicians
attending Representative Charles Winston
Thompson of Alabama, who is ill at the
Metropolitan Hotel here, announced to-day
that their patient’s condition was Tey
serious. Mr. Thompson is suffering wi
pneumonia and stomach complication has
set in. His pulse to-night was 116 and

respiration 34. fm

Heat, Light and Power Company.

ALBANY, March 19.—The Heat, Light and
Power Improvement Company of America
of New York was incorporated with the
Secret. of State to-day. The capital
stock is 000 and the directors are James
P. Lowery, Andrew Ritchie and Charles
T. Eldridge of New York city.

 

 

 

 

a
SS
aT aaa

    
  

THE SUN,
CIRCUS 1S A REAL THRILLER,

 

SHUDDERY BICYCLE STUNTSTHAT
TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY.

 

It’s a Goed Show and Perfectly Proper
for Lent—Ask the Bishop—The Ele-
phants Have Been at School Learning
New Things—Dogs on the Trapeze.

The circus began business in the Madison
Square Garden yesterday afternoon, bigger
than ever, according to the big three-sheet
posters that tell about it all over town.
It’s hard to iell if the show has grown since
it was here last; it’s so big that one simply
can't keep track of it. But one thing is
certain, it’s growing better every year.
The show that was seen by a crowd that
packed the big building yesterday after-
noon is the best that ever struck this town.
Thrilling? My, yes!

Thrills come as a climax to the whole
thing. Two young men who dohair-raising
stunte on bicycles at a speed of apparently
about two miles a minute are the head-
liners, and everybody from Bishop Potter,
who occupied a box yesterday afternoon,
up to the smallest boy in the gallery waited
expectantly for the cyclists to risk a trip
to the Morgue,

It was after Dallie Julian had turned
flip-flaps on horseback, and one of the
“Peerless Potters” had been thrown through
the air to one of his mates, turning three
somersaults and a “twister” in his flight,
that everything came to an appropriate
standstill for the two acts “that make hearts
cease to throb,” as the programme says.

Employees lowered a narrow strip of pine
that extended from the floor of the ver
top gallery to within a yard of the ground,
and then ascended again and broke off
abruptly at a height of eight feet. Fifteen
or twenty feet from the end of the incline
they put up another one eight feet high at
the end nearest the big slide, and sloping
gradually toward the tanbark,

Then Mr. Volo, who, the circus people
say, is really a Dr. Clarke from out West
somewhere, presented himself, while the
announcer declared in his most terrifying
voice that the bicyclist would ride down
the big structure, strike its upward curve,
dash through the air and alight safely to
continue his journey on the other side,

Mr. Volo, clad in a lovely silk shirtwatst
and velvet knickerbockers, smiled and
bowed. Then he walked up the incline,
mounted his wheel and hesitated.

“Are you ready?” velled the announcer.

Mr. Volo calmly took out his handker-
chief, removed perspiration from his hands
and faceand waited. Nota few of the spec-
tators found that their breath was coming
shorter. The feat iooked more dangerous
the more one thoughi of it.

The pause put every one in just the proper
state of excitement. Then Volo started.
The wheel gained velocity with a jump.
It rushed down the narrow path, then up
again and sailed into space in a graceful
eurve. Thump! It hit the other side. A
cannen went off and almost before ple
had realized what had happened, Volo was
alighting at the far side of the Garden.

The applause had scarcely ceased when
Ancillotti, “The Modern Ariel,” climbed to
the top of another incline to “loop the gap.”
His atunt is similar to the loop the loop,
except that the top of the loop has been
removed.

Ancillotti also waited until the psychologi-
cal moment before making hia trip. Then
he rolled down the wooden support,
streaked half way around the loop and
darted into space, head down. Momentum
carried him in the right direction, the wheel
struck the opposite side of the loop with a
thud and a second later the red clad rider
was Peuoe and retreating. The spectators
sighed with relief. No one had been killed
or injured.

But these two acts aren't the whole circus.
There are patriotic elephants that throw
away all but American flags and save their
trainer who has been wounded bv a fierce
volley of blank cartridges. There are
dogs that do a trapeze act and fall into a
net when they miss; clowns that cut up any
number of new capers and all the other acta
without which a circus wouldn't deserve
itaname. They can't all be mentioned here
but they're all interesting and combine to
make a cracking good show.

WARLIKE JANITRESS SCARES'EM.

Returned From e# Celebration and Defied
Tenanis in Grenoble Apartments.

Ida Shuck, 85 years old, who has been
an assistant to the janitor of the Grenoble
apartment house at 205 Weat Fifty-sixth
street, landed in the West Forty-seventh
street police station Jast night after she
had scared a good many of the tenants and
driven some of them from the house.

Ida had spent the day acquiring a cargo
of wet goods, and when evening came she
chased the janitor, whose name is also
Shuck, into the etreet. Then she started
through the house shouting words of de-
fiance at the tenants.

Henry Appelius, a retired insurance
agent, lives on the first floor and he and
his wife became so frightened at the war-
like Ida that they fled to the Grenoble
Hotel in the next block. Their two ser-
vants decided that it was safer in the street

 

 

and they deserted the house, .
Mra. Appelius telephoned to Police
Headquarters that she wanted protec-

tion and Polic>man Kinker was eent over,
Ida had retired frem the upper floors,
where she had been rv a@ming around to the
alarm of the other tenants, and was in the
cellar getting more refreehmets from a
black bottle.

The seullor, who was in the street, told
the pe icernan that it wouldn't be afe to
tackle Ida alone. Ida was peaceful, how-
Byer, and went to the station without any
uss.

TRUE TO THE GIRL HE MARRIED.

Sodent AES oh
Court Annuls Marriage and Threatens
Arrest, but He'll Support Her.

Harold S. Duryea, 17 years old, and
Elizabeth Grannon, 19 years old, were
summoned before Magistrate O'Reilly in
the Adams street court, Brooklyn, yester-
day to explain why they had continued to
live together as husband and wife although
their runaway marriage on Nov. 28 Jast
had been annulled by Supreme Court Jus-
tice Gaynor on March 15, The summons
was issued at the instance of Mrs. Emma
F: Duryea, the boy's mother, who alleged
that the young couple continued to live
together in a flat at 464 State street after
the granting of the annulment order by
Justice Gaynor.

There was a tearful scene between the
couple when Magistrate O'Reilly directed
them to go to their respective homes and
told young Duryea that he would he arrested
as a vagrant if hecontinued to defy the man-
date of the court, The boy said that, al-
though separated from his wife, he was
willing to contribute a portion of the $0
a@ week he was earning as a shipping clerk
for her support. ‘

THINK STAFFORD I8 DEAD.

Aeronant Who Shot His Partner Thought
to Have Been Killed by Train.

Boston, March 19.—Word was received
here to-night from Orange that a man
supposed to be Eugene L. Stafford, the
balloonist, who shot and killed Myron
Truesdale, a former aeronautic partner,
here about a month ago, had been killed by
a freight train in that town this afternoon.

Stafford went to the lodging house on
West Springfield street where his wife was
diving and shot Truesdale in her presence.
The Staffords had separated some months
befoye and the husband suspected that
Truesdale had been calling upon her. After
killing Truesdale Stafford chased his wife
into a neighboring house and then disap-
peares. e police have been unable to

nd the slightest trace of him since the
shooting.

The man who was killed wore two com-
plete suits of clothing. In the pookets
were found two loaded revolvers, three
knives, a gold watch, 10 cents and three
photographs of women. ,

 

 

  
 
 

   

  

MAJOR BINGHAM INJURED.
While Hoisting a Steam Launeoh the Tackle

 

Breaks and Boat Falls on Him.

Burra.o, March 19.—Major Theodore A.
Bingham, U. 8. A., who until recently was
Superintendent of Publio Buildings and
Grounds at the White House, had a narrow
escape from death to-day while superintend-
ing the hoisting of a steam launch from
the water at South Pier in Buffalo’ harbor.
As it was, Major Bingham sustained @ com-
pound fracture of one of his legs and re-
ceived other injuries, the extent of which
has not yet been determined.

Quartermaster Peter Duffley also received
a broken leg, but was unhurt otherwise.

Eighteen men were engaged in the opera-
tion of hoisting the Jaunch. Some of them
were directly under the boat as it was being
jer. Major
uartermaster Duffley were
Suddenly there was a
loud report, caused by the snapping of a
wire cable. Major Bingham shouted a
warning, the men rushed to escape.
All succeeded except the two men who
were hurt. Ener ere pinned down by the
boat and were liberated only after con-
siderable difficulty.

or Bingham was removed to the River-

side Hospital and Duffley was sent to the
Marine Hospital. It was reported this
afternoon that both men would recover,
but that it would be a long time before
Mor Bingham could resume his duties.

Major Bingham came to Buffalo about a
year ago to succeed Col. Thomas W. Symons

raised over a projection of the
Bingham and
among the number.

as engineer in charge of the Buffalo dis-
trict. He was formerly Superintendent
of Public Grounds in Washington and
master of ceremonies of President Roose-
velt’s official household, the place which
Col. Symons-now fills.

 

 

SAYS H®B LIFE 18 THREATENED.

Mrs. Bowles Thinks Gang Wants to Kill
Her and Burn Her House.

Mrs. William Bowles of 530 West Twenty-
seventh street created a scene in the Cor-
oners’ Court yesterday. She cried out
that a gang of young men in her neighbor-
hood threatened to kill her and her two
daughters because she had accused George
Coan of 547 West Twenty-seventh street of
assaulting her husband and inflicting in-
juries from which he died, Mrs. Bowles
also declared that the gang had threatened |
to burn her house.

 

Coroner Goldenkranz had ine discharged
Coan from_complicity in wles'’s death
when Mrs. Bowles stood up and announced
that the proceeding was an outrage.

“There's another of the gang that threat-
ened to kill me,” she cried, pointing to a
man in the rear of the court. The man
protested his innocence so loudly thet the
police hustled him out.

Assistant District Attorney Turnbull,
resent, advised Mrs. Bowles to
appeal to the police for protection.

who was

Netghborhood,” Is Their Defence.

Three boys of the “Sixty-sixth street
gang,” who were charged with sending
in false fire alarms, pleaded guilty in the
Children’s Court yesterday and gave as
“They ain't been nothin’
doin’ in our neighborhood.

their defence:
We jest wanted
to see the horses run.”

Willie Clowe, the youngest of the boys,
pleaded guilty, but his father strongly
maintained the boy's innocence.
“Willie was just poin' for a pitcher of
milk and a priest,” said Mr, Clowe. “I
was in the house at the time. He was
oing for the milk for his mother and for
the priest for a sick woman in our flat house.
He had the pitcher when he was arrested.”
Willie had been warned to tell the truth,
and he interrrupted proceedings with the
explanation that he hid the itcher
behind the door while he sent in the fire
alarm. The boys were held for five days.

 

SUPPLEMENTARY CHARITY.
Heirs of James Clark Carry @ut What They

 

Believe Were His Intentions.
PLAINFIFLY, N. J., March 19.—Believ-
ing that had he lived longer he would have
donated congiderable incney to local re-
institutions, the
heirs cf the late James Clark have sup-

ligicus and charitable

plemented his gifta, made before hie death,
by others. Mr. Clark left everything to
his wife and two sons, Frank L. and James,
who announced to-day a donation of $15,000
for the endowment fund of Muhlenberg
Hospital. The board of governors are
permitted to devote $5,000 of this toward
building the proposed nurses’ home if
if they care to do so. The sum of $5,000
is given to the Children’s Home endow-
ment fund and $8,000 to the building fund.
In addition to Mr. Clark's own gift. of
$5,000 to Warren Chapel's building fund
the heirs give $3,000. The Y. uM Cc. A
receives $2,000 for the boy's department
building fund, besides Mr. Clark's gift of
$5,000, and $1,000 is given to Camp Wolff,
me children's summer home at West-
e .

LUMP SUM FOR WILLIS S. PAINE.

Ruby Tilden’s Legatees Want to Have the
Estate Distributed.

The relatives of Mrs. Ruby Tilden Paine,
niece of Samuel J. Tilden, are negotiat-
ing to have the annuity of $10,000 a
year which she left to her husband, Willis
8. Paine, compounded for a lump sum
and paid out of the estate. She inherited
about $300,000 from her uncle, and when she
died she was worth about $400,000. A
number of suits have been brought against
the estate by creditors of George H. Tilden,
rs. Paine, because he will be

 

BOYS RANG FIRE ALARMS.
“They Ain’t Been Nothin’ Doin’ tn

brother of
entitled to a share in the estate when it
shall be distributed. ‘lhe relatives gen-
erally who expect to inherit under the will
would like to see the estate distributed so
that further litigation may be avoided, but
unless the annuity is compounded the
estate cannot be divided until Willis 8.
Paine dies.

LEFT ALL. TO SISTER OF CHARITY,

Aged Patient at St. Vinocnt’s Makes a
Wilt There.

Andrew Scanlon, who died at St. Vinoent’s
Hospital on March 10 last, made a will the
day before by which he left everything
to Sister Gonzaga of the hospital staff.
She is known in private lifeas Ann McEvoy.
The estate is said to be worth about $2,000
and Frank W. Arnold of 8 Broad street is
the executor. Scanlon came here from

Ireland about fifty years and gradually
lost track of his kin. He lived at the Mills
Hotel, and when he went to the hospital
being over 80 years old, had given u all
hope of ever seeing any of his relatives.
ed his money to the Sister

He jueath:
He pea of her kindness in his last illness.
TRUSTEE E. FE. CRANE ARRESTED.

He Says Heirs of Estate Demanded 67,600
When Only 8500 Was Due.
Eugene E. Crane of 11 South Seventeenth
street, East Orange, was arrested at his
afternoon by Deteetive

Jeroleman of Newark upon a_ warrant
issued by Judge Sweeney of the First

Precinct court. It was charged by Wil-
liam H. Jones, a special adjuster of
e

 

 

home yesterda

Fidelity pepo Company of Baltimore,
that Crane had embezzled $7,500 from the
estate of the late Silas Condit. Crdne
denied the charge and said that it was
merely the result of a dispute over the
funds. He was released under $1,000 bail.

According to the story told in court,
Crane was appointed trustee of the estate
and was bon by the Baltimore con-
cern. Some time o he undertook to
make a settlement of the estate. He says
a demand for $7,500 was made upon him,
whereas only 8500 was due. This ter
sum he was willing to pay over to the heirs,
but they objected, he says, and the dis-
pute continued,’ with the result that the
controversy reached the bonding com-
pany, and the complaint followed.

   

SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.

 

toes and heels.

 

 

Our Buster Brown Shoe for Boys and Girls.

Made of calfskin or black kid on our owa True Form Last, with Roynl Oak soles.
Sizes 6 to 10}, $1.50 | Sixes {1 to 2, $2.00 | Sizes 2} to 6, $2.50.

BOYS’ DEPARTMENT —Boys’ and Youths’ “Harvard, Jr.” $2.00

Made the same as our famous $3.00 Men’s Harvard, tn Box Calf, Black Calf and Black Kid; sizes $3 to 2 and 2% to5 4.
CATALOGUE MAILED FREE ON APPLICATION.

Alfred J. Cammeyer, 6th Av., Cor.. 20th Sti

 

 

 

WOODROW WILSON SAYS THEY
BEGIN AT THE WRONG END.

 

Talks to the Educational Council About
Methods of Instruction—Hard to Learn
What Polltical Libertg is, He Says,
Since We Got the Philippine Islands.

Our school histories came in for some
hard knocks from President Woodrow
Wilson of Princeton University in his talk
on *The Teaching of History in Grammar
and High Schools,” delivered yesterday
morning at the meeting of the New York
Educational Council in the University
Building in Washington Square. Presi-
dent Wilson also took a rap or two at the
expansionists’ ideas of liberty. In part
he said:

In almost every school history there -is a
mup of the present-day United States printed
on the first page That is the first
mistake. If you tell the student at the
start what the United States has become,
‘ou make it impossible for him to realize
he fpelings of those settlers back in the
seventeenth century. The student in his
historical voyaging should approach. this
country inthe same spirit as did the old dis-
coverers; it should as far as possible be an
unknown land for them.

Youcan’'t cajole children back into the seven-
teenth century. They have lived inthe nine-
teenth century—worse luck—and they know
the high building, the railway, the telegraph
and the steamboat. This shrunken world
that we live in nowadays is bound together
by railand wire; it is not the boundless world
of the seventeenth century.

The key to the proper method of tenching
history is to get the children back into the
atmoaphere of those old times, Tet them
{moginatively come in the caravels of Co-
lumbus Deveving that they are to discover
the East Indies, let. them sail on the Half Moon
and believe with Hendrik Hudson that they
have discovered the Northwest Passage

let the children realize that those old
Puritans in their kneebreeches and steeple
hats were Indian fighting frontiersamen
ust as much as the Westerner with his slouch

at and bucking bronco. The key to Amer-
joan history ts this man of the frontier

And down to the year 1890, the right place
to feel the pulse of American life was on
the frontier. I say down to 189) because
our census makers then announced that
they could no longer find a frontier.

Let the children get a sympathetio {m-
pression of these men and they will better
understand the spirit of their country than
if you talk to them of political liberty. There
is not one of you that knows what political
liberty is. I'm sure 1 don't, Until we got
the Philippines, we thought that
liberty resided in certain institutions.
Filipinos are enjoying liberty, too, so
we are told, but by another method. Tell
the children what our forefathers came to
this country for and what they fought for
and then tell them that the Filipino, denie
these self-same things, is still enioving liberty,
and you have given the children a tough
morsel for their mental digestion,

I do not believe that the true history of
America, the history thut will give usa living
picture of our part, will be written {n our

political
The

generation. We are doomed to be creatures
of our own day. and it'a wa dull day. It's
all hurry, all bustle, and no refreshment;

a day of cold steel and hard fact. We are in
such a hurry that we no longer have time
to sit down and dream dreams, and no people
make any intellectual advance unless they
do dream their dreams.

SAYS NEWSBOY TOOK BETS.

Detective Played a Winner, but Couldn't
Cash In, He Deolarcs.

Max Marcus is a newsboy who lives at
167 East Seventh street and sells newspapers
in front of 141 Fulton street.
examined in court on Tuesday on the
charge of conducting a “hand book” on the

races.

On Friday afternoon Detective Lemmon
of Inspector Schmittberger's staff ap-
piesouen the boy in deep disguise and
said:

“I've got two bucks to put on the ponies,
kid, What's the dope?”

“De dope is June Collins,” replied the boy.
“Tl put yer money up for yer.”

June Collins won the fourth race at New
Orleans at 15to1. Soon after the race was
run Lemmon hunted up the newsboy.

“Did June Collins win?” he said.

“No,” answered the boy. “De skate
wasn’t one, two, six.”

Then the detective arrested him.

“Dis isa outrage," cried the boy. “Youse
only jerked me ‘cause you didn't get yer
thoity dollars.”

Magistrate Whitman in the Tombs police
court yesterday paroled the boy until the
time set for his examination.

 

 

 

 

Secretary Taft to Speak onthe Philippines.

WasnHinaton, March 19.--Secretary of
War Taft has accepted the invitation of
President Jesup of the New York Chamber
of Cornmerce to address that body, April 21,
on the Philippines.

_

He is to be |

‘that in singing the giot

 

Black Kid, Black Calf,
Russian Calf and

Tan Kid.

STORM OVER CANADA'S FLAG.

 

 

French Canadian Member (Criticises the
Display of the Impertal Embiem.

Orrawa, March 19.—A_ flag incident
varied the proceedings in the Commons
on Thureday last. Henri Bourassa, Mem-
ber for Labelle and leader of the anti-
Imperial party in the Province of Quebec,
objects to the union jack flying over the
Parliament and other public buildings of
Canada.

When the orders of the day were reached
he arose and asked for an explanation
from the Government. He said:

“On the day of the opening of Parliament
as well as to-day, which is St. Patrick’s
day, the Canadian flag which used to be
put on the tower of the Parliament building
has been replaced by a union jack.
would like to know why the old flag that
has been used in Canada ever since con-
federation should be laid aside?”

“I am scrry to say,” replied Sir Wilfrid
Laurier, “that I cannot satisfy to-day
the rather fastidious curiosity of my hon-
crable friend, but I will make inquiry and

try to give him an explanation upon
another day.”
“Perhaps the Pritish Empire League

has something to do with it,” sneered the
member for Labelle.

The Minister of Public Works offered
this explanation:

“I may explain to the hon able gentle-
man,” said Mr. Sutherland, “thai the flag
hitherto flown on the Parliament building
has been what is known as the Cunadian
merchant marine flag. Itis not the national
emblem in any other sense. ‘bhe national
flag, as we understand it, for this purpose
is the Union Jack. Many complainis
reached the Departinent on previous ecca-
sions that the flag floating over the Par-
liament building was not the authorized
fiag for that purpose, and when we were
buying a new flag tho one which was bought,
in accordance with the custom of Canada
and of all portions of the empire through-
out the world, was the one authorized for
the purpose.”

“IT know that the red ensign is the mer-
chant flag, but 1 know it has always been
used in this Papa REY said Mr. Bourassa.

“Not at all,” said the Minister of Public
Works, decisively.

“Yes,” persisted Mr. Rourassa, amid
cries of “Order” from the Opposition. “Yes,
it has always been used as being the es-
pecial colonial flag, to which we have added
the escutcheon of Confederation. It has
always been used on this building.”

An order has been issued requiring that
in future the Union Jack only shall be
supplied for the use of buildings under
the control of the Dominion Government.
The ensign will in time disappear from use
as the national flag.

SENT SCURRILOUS LETTER.

Bank President Admits Writing Against
Character of Miss Loulse Cook.

New BEprorp, Maes., March 19.—Joshua
T. Small, president of the Provincetown
Bank, appeared before Commissioner
Goodspeed in the United States Court
to-day charged with sending an obscene
letter through the mails He waived
examination and was held for the
next session of the United States Grand
Jury at Boston. Bail was fixed at $500
and Mr. Small was released upon his own
recognizance.

The letter is the one which has been
filed in the pleading of Miss Louise Cook
of Natick in her suit against Mr. Small for
$20,000 for slander. This letter, Mr. Small
says, is the only one he ever wrote to Na-
tick. He admits that he sent it to Super-
intendent of Schools Barbour of Natick.

The letter informed Supt. Barbour’ that
Miss Cook had been living with a man
named Pierce in Baltimore and that she
had aided him in passing forged checks.
After her return from Baltimore, Mr. Small
wrote, she conducted herself in an ex-
tremely improper manner at Province-
town.

 

 

 

eae ireeenaas
Why Stammerers Are Able to Sing.

From the Boston Transcript.

Stammering depends on a want of har-
mony between the action of the muscles
(chiefly abdominal) which expel air through
the larynx and that of the muscles which
guard the orifice by which it escapes, with
thas of those which modulate the sound to
the form of speech. Over either of the groups
of muscles by itself, @ stammerer may have
as much power as other people, but he cannot
harmoniously arrange their conjoint action.
Nervousness is a frequent cause of stam-
mering. It is possible that the defect in
some inatanoes may result from malformation
of the parts about the back of the mouth.
The fact that stammering people are able to
sing their words better than to speak them
has been usually explained on the supposition
! is kept open so that
there is less liubility to spasmodic action.

     

 

CAMMEYER,

It only needs a visit to our store to reveal to any one how the revolving seasons cause
the wheels of business to turn also. Our store is full of Spring goods of the finest quality and
the most beautiful designs. Nothing in the shap2 of shoes can possibly excel them, and they
must be seen to be appreciated. All that is best in new styles is shown in our Spring Shoes,
We originate and do not copy.

his season opens with a great varicty of new and stylish effects,
New shades in Tan, Russet and Pongee Kid and Calfskin.

The “Crest” Shoes and$—&”’ OO
Oxfords for Women,

Made on all the new las's, including
the exclusive drop sole last. Heyles’
imported patent leather, patent kid,
black kid and Russian calf, with
wide range of heels, including Louis
XV. heels, high tapering Cuban
heels and low hee's.

The “’Varsity” Shoe for Men,
Lace and Oxfords,

Patent Leather, Enamel! Leather,

 

| BUGGY DROVE

 

 

‘ At Ballevue it was said that he would probe.

|

} time to gei out of the way of the car. He

|

—_—— eee
a

LUPO RD EN

   
     
   
  
   
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
      
   
   
    
     
      
 
     
      
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
     
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
    
   

in material, model,

wat coated

AS a :
en ES Se

coy

eet

Se

 

ON THE TRACK

 

And Did Not Turn Out in Time—Driver
Badly Hurt.

A Third avenue electric car in charge of
a@ green motorman, who was being in-
structed by an old hand, ran into and upset
last night at Twenty-fifth street a buggy
driven by Emmet Lawrence of 837 East
Twenty-second street, Lawrence was
thrown in front of the car, was caught
under the fender and was dragged twenty
feet. He came out of it with three broken
ribs, a broken arm and internal injuries,

ably die. \

Warren Markell was the green motorman -
and Alfred Collins his instructor. They
were taken to the East Twenty-second
strect station, but not held. The police-—
man uaid that Lawrence had had lots of.

had begn driving on the track and wi
turning out when the car hit the buggy.

DEWEY ACQUITTED OF MURDER,

He and Nine Others Were Charged With
the Murder of the Berrys.

Norton, Kan., March 19.—The jury in _
the Dewey case brought in a verdict of;
acquittal of all the defendants to-night
after having been out twenty-nine hours.

The charge on which the defendants —
were tried was the murder of Burch Berry,
Charges are still pending against them for
the murder of Daniel and Alpheus Berry, —
but as the evidence is the samme in all the |
cases it is not Hkely the other cases will
ever come to trial.

Chauncey Dewey iathe son of C. F. Dewey,

a millionaire racchman, who makes his
home in Chicago and manages his father’s ;
ranch in Rawlins and Cheyenne counties, «|
Kan. On June 2, with nine of the Dewey
employees, he went to the ranch of Alpheus +

 

Berry to get a water tank purchased at
Sheriff— sale. They were met by five
of the Berrys, and shooting at once began,

with the result that three of the latter were
killed. }

Zealously Guarded His Prerogative.

From the Louisville Courier-Journal.

James Smith of Boston was telling of the
experiences of the famous old theatrical
manager, Stetson, who was one of the wealthi-
est men in Boston at the time of his death.
He said:

“Old Stetson was dictatorial in his mane
ner and overberring with his employees,
demanding absolute obedience and brook-
ing no interference with his orders. He
was especially jealous of any interference
with what he deemed his especial privileges,

One day the company was playing in a emal
town, and a sign had been put out in sTOe
.

 

 

of the theatre advertising the matinée.
read: ‘Matinée to-day, 2:30 P. M. shar,
There was a painter with the show, na
Sharp, and as soon as Stetson saw. the sign in
front of the theatre door he began to rage at
the unauthorized impudence and interference
of Sharp, He had the sign changed to
‘Matinée to-day, 2:30 P, M. Stetson

coum a”

Cures Grip and

COLDS |

Prevents Pneumonia.

If you have Influenza, Catarrh,
Pains and Soreness in the Head or
Chest, Cough, Sore Throat, General
Prostration and Fever or any of these,
then Dr. Humphreys’ ‘77’ will
cure you quicker and better than any
known remédy.

Because it cures by going directly
to the spot.

Because of its tonicity.

Because a cure by ‘77’ is so cer-
tain that the mind is relieved from .
fear of impending danger.

Jubilee Book Mailed Free.

t Druggists, 26 cents, or malta.
Ab monies s' Med. Co., Cor, Wi & John Strectn,

New York.

.
7%

     

  

  
 
   

e —