SL ine Me

se,

Isao TE Egene ys

Ledbetter eS

SoS an

5 ES EE EE

;
See tea ne een ee —

nies nema

TA

 

The apace Sum.

 

—

SUNDAY, MARCH 20, 1904.

 

 

 

 

Entered at tho Post Office at New York as Second-
Class Mall Matter.

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, Por MONnth,...ccccssscssccrerccccees 80 50
me DAILY, Per Ycar.......:secseccrcecoveverees 6 00
GUNDAY, Per Year.......-ssssssevsoveresecs 200
PAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Yoar.....-.see0+ 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month..,....... 10

Postage to foreign countries added,
Tux Sun, New York City.

 

Panrs—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

Tf our friends who faror us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, (hey
must tn all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

Mr. Towne’s Platform.

The Hon. CHARLES ARNETTE TOWNS,
whose Democracy is by Silver Republi-
canism out of Republicanism, has written
a platform for the St, Louis convention.
Any sketch of this sort should be received
kindly, but Mr. TowNe’s proposal that

- the Democratic party guarantee ulti-

mate Statehood or independence to
“colonies or dependencies” of the United
States seems decidedly premature. He
speaks of the “anomalous relation” of
such dependencies to the Government.
The “relation” of Alaska is “anomalous,”
but nobody is excited about it. The
Democrats have tried “reasserting the
verity of the Declaration of Indepen-
dence,” as Mr. TOWNE says. The less
they have to say about that smashed
scarecrow of “imperialism,” the better
for them. “Independence” for the Phil-

‘ ippines is out of the question, for the

present at any rate. As for “ultimate”
Statehood, that is too far off. Americans
are able to wait for the ultimate. The
immediate is their business.

What principles marked “immediate”
has Mr. TowNE? Revision of the tariff
on a revenue basis. All right, if the
Democratic protectionists are not too
numerous. “Economy in public ex-
penditures, honesty in administration.”
Ancient and fishlike; every party {s for
economy and honesty, on paper.

 

 

Canadians. If Mexico would annex us
we could be Mexicans, If Cuba would
take us into her hegemony we could be
Cubans. We do not want to call our-
selves Alaskans, and the term Yankee
is not suitable for all occasions. In
sheer helplessness we call ourselves
“Americans,” but deny no other inhabi-
tant of the Western Hemisphere the
right to do the same—if he otherwise
behaves himself.

— SS

 

The Panama Constitution.

We have before us the text of the Con-
stitution recently adopted, and now
operative, in the State of Panama. The
document is of obvious interest to Ameri-
cans, inasmuch as for a long time to
come we are likely to maintain intimate
relations with the youngest of Latin-
American Commonwealths.

It is evident that in framing the pre-
amble the authors of this latest formula~
tion of an organic law had before their
eyes the Constitution of the United
States. We subjoin the preamble, ital-
icizing the phrases which manifestly
have been borrowed:

“Wo, the Representatives of the people of Pan-
ame, assembled in 4 national convention, with the
object of constituting a Nation, of maintaining
order, establishing fustice, promoting the genera
welfare, and securing the dDenefils of iderty for us, for
our postertty and for all the nationalities of the world
residing on Panama soll, invoking the protection
of Gon, order, decree and establish for the Panama
nation the following Constitution.”

In our own Federal organic law, there
is no counterpart to the phrase “invok-
ing the protection of Gop,” nor to the
references to a particular religion which,
as we shall presently point out, ocour in
the Constitution of Panama.

The citizens of the new Republic, who,
by the way, are constitutionally styled
Panamefians, comprise, first, all those
who have been, or may be, born in
the territory of Panama, irrespective of
the nationality of their parents; secondly,
the children of Panama parentage ‘orn
in another country, in the event of their
coming to reside in the Republic, and
expressing a desire to become Pana-
mefiians; thirdly, foreigners of more
than ten years’ residence in the terri-

SSS SSS

Mr, TowNE would declare “against | tory of the Republic, who, professing

‘every form of special privilege and

some science, art or industry, or pos-

monopoly existing either by virtue, or | sessing some landed property or capital
by permission, of the laws.” The patent | in circulation, shall declare before the

laws, for'‘example?

Having reasserted the verity of the
Declaration, Mr. TOWNE proceeds to re-
assert and repair the Constitution:

“eWe should pledge ourselves to respect the
Umitations of the Constitution and to restore the
evordinate dignity of the Oongress in our system.”

“We should declare in favor of Constitutional
amendments authorising the direct election of
United States Senators and the enactment of an
income tax.”

Respect the Hmitations of the Consti-
tution by changing it. “Restore the oo-
ordinate dignity of the Congress "—~
whatever that means—by making the
Senate a six~year House. Mr. Towns
wants to “restore the action of the Fed-
eral Government to the principles of
WASHINGTON and JEFFERSON,” which
were not precisely the eame, we believe.
At any rate, WASHINGTON and JEFFER-
8ON were for representative govern-
ment according to the Constitution, a
form not direct and popular enough for
Mr. Towne.

It would seem.a little more Democratic
to propose that the several States should
levy an income tax, if they choose, but
Mr. Towne’s Democracy is liberal and
composite.

Surely there must be plenty of Demo-
orats who are willing to stick to the Con-
stitution instead of trying to plaster it
with amendments.

The Name American,

In Tas Sun of March 18 Mr. James
P. Murray of Toronto reported a per-
sistent objection on the part of Cana-
dians to the appropriation by citizens
of the United States of the name
“American.” He declares that there are
other “Americans” who have an equal
right to the title. .

There are, and nosone objects to their
use of it. If Mr. Mumray of Canada
and'Sefior GONZALEZ of Chile and Sefior
RopgRIGUEz of Mexico, or all of them and
all of their-compatriots, see fit to call
themselves Americans, no power on
earth can prevent their doing so. As
far as the people of the United States
are concerned, the title is quite as much
conferred upon them by others as it is
appropriated by themselves.

But Mr. Murray is wrong. Heshould
pity us for our limitation rather than
blame usforpresumption. Heaven only
knows the mental wear and tear ex-
perienced by thousands of our people,
of this generation and of earlier genera-
tions, in their efforts to find an acceptable
substitute. No other term seems open
tous. Inadeclaration of his nationality
@ good citizen naturally wants a little
opportunity for chest expansion. What
possible sign of pride can a man display
in announcing himself as a Stateusite,
aBtatesese, a Statesian, oraStater? We
are even debarred by the unwritten
laws of good taste from calling ourselves
Statesmen.

Mr. Mornay should refiect upon his
blessings instead of scorning others for
that which is more a misfortune than a
fault. In their special tribulation the
people of this country stand almost
dione. Even the “pore benighted
‘eathen” may call himself a Sudanese.
We are more awkwardly placed than the
Argentinians or the Mesopotamians.
Mr. Murray is infinitely better off than
we are, He can hold his head well up,
expand his chest, and roll out a prideful,
sonorous declaration that heis a Cana-
dian. That is a title which is specific,
distinctive and eminently honorable. It
is a title of which any man may be proud,
and which will describe him definitely
in the minds of men the world over.

The people of Europe have no wish
tobe knownsimply as Europeans. They
are proud to be known as Germans,
Frenchmen, Spaniards, Swedes, Bel-
gians, Swiss, Russians, and all the rest
of the list. But we, from lack of a suit-
able alternative, must do the best we can
with that which is at our disposal, parade
under a general title, and run the risk of
being asked by foreigners from what
part of America we come.

Tf Canada weuld annex us we could be

 

} and have a family residing in Panama,

| Panama municipality in which they

reside a desire to become naturalized
Panamefiians. Only six years residence

forthwith convoke the National Assem-
bly in order that the grounds for the sus-
pension of certain constitutional rights
may be submitted thereto.

The Legislature of the Republic of
Panama is unicameral, as is that of the
kingdom of Greece, and as our Congress
was under the Articles of Confederation.
The legislative power is exercised by &
body denominated the National Assem-
bly, elected by all male citizens over
21 years of age, and composed of as
many Deputies as correspond to the
electoral districts, the ratio being one
Deputy to each 10,000 inhabitants, and
one more for a residue not less than five
thousand, The Deputies are elected
for four years. The National Assembly
may be convoked by the President of the
Republic at any time in extraordinary
session, but its ordinary session begins,
without the necessity of convocation,
on the 1st day of September in every
alternate year, The relation of the
Legislature to the Executive cannot be
assigned distinctly either to the “presi-
dential” or to the “parliamentary” type
of government. The President, who is
chosen by the people for four years, but
is not eligible for the term succeeding
his own, can appoint or remove the Sec-
retaries of State, but no other act of his
is valid until it has been approved and
made known by a Secretary of State,
who by such approval becomes responi-
sible therefor. The Secretaries of Sate
are the sole organs of communication
between the Executive power and the
National Assembly. Each of them is
bound to submit to the Legislature soon
after the beginning of each session a re-
port of the affairs belonging to his de-
partment; he can ‘propose projects of
law, and take part in the debates. The
inevitable effect of such provisions will
be to make the Cabinet Ministers de-
pendent on the good will of the Legis-
lature.

A qualified veto power is vested in the
Executive. That is to say, a bill, if
vetoed, must be returned to the Na-
tional Assembly ‘within a definite time,
and with the objections specified, and,
except when these are based on alleged
unconstitutionality, the veto may be
overruled by two-thirds of the Deputies
present, provided they constitute a
quorum, If, however, the question of
constitutionality shall be raised by the
Executive, the proposed law must be
submitted to the Supreme Court of Jus-
tice, which, within six days, must say
whether the project is constitutional.

 

mn A Ce eee

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 20,

the New York federation. The building
it is proposed to purchase is of so large
a price, half a million dollars, that this
club movement must now be on a large
scale and very successful. If its project
is carried out these affiliated associations
will have a clubhouse which in size and
appointments will compare favorably
with the most important of the men’s
clubs in town.

is a remarkable undertaking and
demonstrates anew the great progress
made by women since the period, about
fifty years ago, when amid derision and
gloomy predictions a few women started
the movement to escape from the re-
straints of the traditional domestic se-
clusion to which feminine activities were
then confined. The ridicule amid which
their early struggles were made has been
succeeded by serious consideration of
the right, the propriety and the advantage
of women organizing themselves into
associations similar in character to those
established for centuries by men. It is
a marvellous change in public sentiment,
and how completely revolutionary it is
only those can understand whose mem-
ory goes back to the time when first
‘Woman's Rights found expression in a
few daring souls.

 

Rifle Practice for the Militia.

The days when every American man
and boy was a woodsman and a good
rifle shot are gone. Most of #he citizens
on whom the nation must reby in time of
war never saw the army rifle, and know
nothing about its use. Even the ability
to handle a shotgun does not make a
man a rifle shot, and when a call is made
for volunteers for the army, most of
those who respond must be taught the
very A BOC of caring for their arms,
The National Rifle Association is trying
to improve this condition of affairs by
organizing rifle clubs throughout the
country under Government patronage,
and in order to carry out its plans it has
asked Congress to authorize the War
Department to lend rifles, under bond,
to such organizations, and to sell am-
munition to them at cost price.

President RoosEVELT, himself a com-
petent rifle shot, is heartily in favor of
theplan. Ifitis carried out clubs would
be organized under the regulations pre-
pared by the National Board for the
Promotion of Rifle Practice, and the
records of their members would be pre-

| served in the War Department. The
club members qualifying as marksmen

is required if such persons are married | An affirmative decision by the court would be enrolled under the designation

‘ makes it obligatory on the Executive

“National Marksmans Reserve,” and

and only three years if the wife is a Pan- | t> ganction and promulgate the law. | this reserve would be a second line of
amefiian. Also eligible to citizenship | This provision shows that in the Re- | defence for the nation. Its members
are those Colombians who, having taken | publicof Panama, asin the United States, | YOuld be preferred for enlistment over

part in achieving the independence of
the Republio of Panama, shall have de-
clared the intention of becoming citi-
zens; and those who shall make such a
declaration before the municipal council
of the district in which they reside.

Passing over other articles relating to
citizenship, we note that slavery is pro-
hibited in‘ Panama. Any person pre-
viously occupying the status of a slave
becomes free the moment he or she sets
foot in the territory of the Republic.

Among the stipulations that colleo-
tively constitute what we should term
a bill of rights, the following deserve
especial attention: For instance, all
Panamefiians and foreigners are equal
before the law. All the inhabitants of the
Republic have the right to assemble
pacifically and without arms, and to
associate themselves for the promotion !
of any lawful object. Again, no one
oan be judged or sentenced but by com-
petent judges and tribunals, and by
them in accordance with the laws cover-
ing the crime committed and in the man-
ner by law established. Once more, in
no case can there be detention, imprison-
ment or arrest for debts, or purely civil
obligations, except for the purpose of
enforcing a “judicial embargo,” or, in
other words, of punishing contempt of
court. We observe, lastly, that no one
is obliged to give evidence in a criminal
proceeding against himself or herself,
husband against wife, wife against hus-
band, or against any member of the
family within the fourth grade of con-
sanguinity or the Kecond of affinity.

We pass to the articles which define
the relation of the civil power to religion.
The profession of all religions is declared
free, as also any form of worship, with-
out further limitation than the exaction
of respect for Christian morals and
public order. It is, however, recognized
that “the Catholic religion is the religion
of the majority of the inhabitants of the
Republic, and the law will set aside for
that religion an auxiliary fund for the
foundation of a Conciliatory Seminary,
and for missionaries to the native tribes.
The Congress, however, will not be per-
mitted to prohibit bequests or legacies
made to Catholic institutions or for pur-
poses of religious education. Article 34
provides that the destination of testa-
mentary and other donations, made for
religious purposes or public instruction,
cannot be varied or modified! by the
Legislature. We should further point out
that edifices dedicated to whatsoever
worship, Conciliatory Seminaries and
episcopal or curate dwellings, cannot be
taxed, and can only be occupied by the
State in cases of urgent public necessity.
It is, on the other hand, provided that no
minister of a religious creed shall occupy
a public, civil or military office, unless
the office be identified with the Church
or public instruction.

In an article dealing with the freedom
of the press we read that every person
can freely express his or her thought by
word of mouth or writing, through the
press or by any other means, without
being subjected to censure, so long as
the utterance refers to official acts of
public functionaries. Legal responsi-
bilities will attach, however, when, by
one of these means, the honor of indi-
viduals is brought into question. This
article, together with other articles con-
stituting a bill of rights, can be tempo-
rarily suspended through all or part of
the Republic when, in the case of foreign
war or internal disturbance, the safety
of the State shall seem to demand it.
But the suspension must be decreed by
the National Assembly, if it is in session;
otherwise, and if the danger is: imminent,
by the President of the Republio, though
in this case the decree must bear the

the Federal Judiciary is not a subordi-
nate, but a cognate department of
government, the supreme expounder of
the organic law.

As regards the extent to which local
self-rule is authorized, the Government
established by the Panama Constitution
is less centralized than that which has
prevailed in Colombia since 1886, but it
is much more centralized than that to
which we are accustomed in the United
States. The seven provinces into which
the Isthmian territory is divided do not
elect their respective Governors. On
the contrary, each Governor is appointed
by the President of the Republio. It is
left for the National Assembly to deter-
mine how, in each municipal district,
the Mayor shall be named. It is prob-
able that he will be appointed, either
by the President of the Republic or by
the provincial Governor. It must, at
the same time, be recognized that the
municipal districts will have a much
larger measure of autonomy than they
have enjoyed under the Bogota Govern-
ment during the last eighteen years, for
they will have the power of electing
municipal councils which will control
the local administration.

We come to the machinery for con-
stitutional emendation. The Panama
organic law can be changed by an act
of the National Assembly, provided this
act, when resubmitted by the Executive
at the next ordinary session, shall be
approved by two-thirds of the Legisla-
ture. f

We observe, finally, that the tutelary
relation of the United States to the new
Commonwealth is recognized and defined
in an article providing that “the Gov-
ernment of the United States of America
may intervene in any part of the Re-
public of Panama for the purpose of
establishing the public peace and con-
stitutional order, in the event of the
same having been disturbed; in case, by
virtue of a public treaty, that nation
[the United States] assumes, or shall
have assumed, the obligation to guar-
antee the independence and sovereignty
of the Republic.”

 

Women's Clubs,

We spoke the other day of a project
for the building of a clubhouse in Madi-
son avenue, for women of fashionable
society especially, as an indication of the
larger “sphere” into which even the most
conservative women have entered dur-
ing the last generation. Another proj-
ect announced yesterday is much more
directly indicative of that development.

It is a scheme for obtaining a large
permanent home and headquarters for
the Federated Women’s Clubs of New
York. These are not women of fashion
distinctively, but rather women who are
interested in the general feminine “eman-
cipation” of this period, and are wholly
apart from the purely social aims of the
women of fashion who for their own
convenience and delectation have un-
dertaken to build the Madison avenue
clubhouse, and who resent, not unnatur-
ally, the implication that they havo any
special or general sympathy with what
is known as the Woman's Rights move-
ment.

A General Federation of Women's
Clubs, incorporated in 1902, is com-
posed of hundreds of these associations,
and has a representative in the Club
Woman, the very handsome magazine
of which we have before spoken. The
first of these clubs, the Sorosis, was or-
ganized in New York so long ago as 1868,
Auxiliary to the General Federation are
many State federations of women’s
clubs, and the project for buying an im-
posing clubhouse as their centre, to

signature of all Woe fecrevaries, and-must |-which we have referred, proceeds from

men untrained in rifle practice, and it
would perform a valuable service in
imparting a proper education in firearms
to the civilians upon whom the Govern-
ment must rely in the event of war.
| The interests of the Government are
protected completely in the measures
now pending in Congress. These bills
are approved by Secretary Tart, the
General Staff and the National Rifle
Association, besides the President, who
would like to see a rifle club in every
county in the country turning out crack
| shots every year. If enacted their ef-
fect on the Republio’s soldiers in the raw
would be excellent.

 

 

The Strike of the Choir Boys.

An Episcopal clergyman, in a letter
we print to-day, finds in the recent
strike for more pay by. choir boys at
the Church of the Heavenly Rest an
evidence of a decline of religious faith
in this country and also of the baleful
effect of “an absolutely non-religious
system of education.”

We cannot see that the grasping spirit

|

   

+ we
1904.

with the hearty approval of priests and
ministers.

As to choir boys, it is a very grave
question whether their professional fa-
miliarity with the details, the incidents
and exterior symbols of the mysteries of
religion does not have a tendency to
create some contempt for religion in
the boyish mind. Many choir boys have
a reputation for misconduct outside of
the church which suggests the pertinency
of the inquiry. It is apt to be dangerous
to a boy’s reverence for mysteries to
let him behind the scenes to observe the
working of the machinery necessary to
produce the effect.

Our clerical correspondent’s further
suggestion that a paid choir magnifies
its office and comes to regard itself as
the main attraction, instead of simply
an adjunct to the religious service, may
have something in it; nor is it doubtful
that purely congregational singing,
which expresses the genuine religious
feeling in the attendants, has its ad-
vantages, But music, and music which
satisfies a high professional standard,
is a necessary element in an impressive
and imposing religious ceremony. Take
away this music from the ceremonies of
religion and they become bald, unless in
periods of great religious excitement,
when the passionate spiritual enthusiasm
of the congregation finds thrilling ex-
pression in song; and, generally, good
music implies the hiring of performers
trained to produce it. Even in religious
ceremony a theatrical element is neces-
sary to produce the solemn effect desired.

Finally, if choir boys are paid it must
be expected that they will demand all
the pay they think they can get, and if
combination in making the demand is
possible among them and can seemingly
be made effective, it may be assumed
that they will use that means of com-
pulsion, more especially as they are
expert workers. They can charge what
they choose for their services and natu-
rally they will use the need of their
special training as a means for getting
it, without “impertinence” and without
departing fronf a custom prevalent
among all wage earners.

The remedy suggested by our clerical
correspondent, that for such paid choirs
should be substitued “individuals will-
ing to give their services gratuitously
for the worship of Gop,” is applied al-
ready in most country churches, where
purely voluntary choirs are the rule;
but such choirs are a traditional source
of discord. A singer may be full of zeal
in the worship of Gon, vet he may be a
poor singer whose false notes destroy
for other people the impressiveness of
the religious ceremony in which he
takes part.

President Eliot at Seventy.
To-day Dr. CHARLES WILuIAM ELioT,

Harvard’s “young” President for thirty- |
five years, completes his three score | Cardinal in the United States.
years and ten, as vigorous, as progressive, |

as efficient, as when he first entered upon

 

|

 

 

RELIGION AND AUTHORITY.

THE CHOIR BOYS STRIKE.

The View of Another Catholic of Learn- | A Discussion of the Question of Charoh

ing and Distinction.

To THe Eprror or THE Sun-—Sir: While
your correspondent, Mr. Tobin, has my sym-
pathy in his generous indignation against the
Italian truculence expressed in the publica-
tion to which he refers, I would address him
a few words of friendly expostulation.

He is evidently a very young man in whom
the fine enthusiasm of youth has not been
chilled by long contact with this very imper~-
fect world. As he is a good Catholic, he
surely recognizes that there must be some
central authority, if there is a supernatural
religion. But if an authority exists, it must
exist somewhere, and if it ‘8 to regulate s0
vast a society as the Catholic Church, it must
possess a highly complex machinery. That
the historical identification of the Papacy
with the Italian rece has been the fruitful
source of unnumbered woes, along with much
good, nobody denies. But would things
have been muh better if it had been fixed
somewhere else?

When the Almighty voucheafed to carry out
His designs by human asencics He implicitly
ordaired that there shall be shortcomings,
perversions and failures, Ideals aro not
realized in this world. It {is very natural that
Italians should draw from history the con-
clusion that for the New Dispensation they
are the House of Judah from whom the sceptre
shall not pass away Americans can easily
understand how the inveterate officeholder
falls into the belief that the office exists pri-
marily for his benefit, and is his by indefeasi-
ble right The aspect in which tre great
horde of Roman functionaries, who look to
the ecclesiastical establishment for a living,
regards the administration is expressed in the
words which Leo X. {s said to have addressed
to his brother: “Godiamoci il papato poiché,
Dio ce I'ha dato” (Since God gave us the Papacy
let us enjoy it).

Since the strong arm of the law has en-
forced order, especially in the mountain dio-
tricts, the opportunities for earning a living
under the ecclesiastical administration have
become more precious. But the history of
the Church gives us the consoling lesson . that
when abuzes have ripened fully the disease
has produced the remedy. The present
Pontiff is giving unmistakable signs that he
means to follow 'n the footsteps of several of
his illustrious predeoessors, like St. Gregory,
Gregory VII., Paul IV., and Pius V., who
have enshrined their names in benediction
by laying a vigorous axe to the upas tree at
home. Mr. Tobin would accelerate the speed
of the Divine mill, which, while it grinds ex-
ceeding smaJl, seems now to revolve some
what sluggishly. Ought he not rather to find
a fund of patience in the fact that in our
own time the providential march of events
has liberated the majesty of Papacy from an
ignominous partnership with a petty Italian
State. The present exorbitant development
of Roman bureaucracy toward an abso-
lutism which is swallowing up the rights of
every subordinate authority is rapidly creating
a worldwide ground-swell which, like all
elemental forces, will work its way out. And
then——? May he live to see it.

FESTINA LENTE.

Brooxuyrn, March 18.

 

A Catholio Satished With the Govern-
ment of His Church.

To THE EpiTor or THE Stn—Sir: In your
paper of to-day Robert Tobin enters a pro-
test against “the curse of Italianism” in the
government of the Catholic Church. He
also, seems to be troubled because the Roman
correspondent of a certain Catholic weekly,
in a recent letter, “declares that Americans
are unfit for a share in the Church’s govern-
ment because they are so monstrously con-
oeited.” It is just possible that this may not
be the true reason why there is_only one
We should
not, however, regard as an insult the mere
unauthorized statement of a Roman cor-
respondent; and it isn’t worth while protest-
ing against the fables which come from Rome

his office. The longest presidency in | to some of our Catholio weeklies.

the university annals has been also the |

period of its most active life.

In the new creation of American uni-
versities Dr.. ELIoT has been a chief
agent, as he has been a leader in the
metamorphosis in American ideas of
education, from the primary school up,
that marks the end of the nineteenth
century. In material prosperity, in the
number and equipment of buildings, in
capacity and opportunity for instruction
of all kinds, in the expansion of her influ-
ence, he has transformed Harvard com-
pletely. It is premature to estimate
his work, for many years of activity in
his office are still before him, we hope.

The whole country will join the Har-
vard graduates in the address of con-
gratulation they send Dr. ELrior to-day.

of these mischievous boys affords any| Representative Burton's warning to his

such evidence. It is rather a demon-

Republican associates against extravagance

stration of the spread of the spirit of | in appropriations is quite unnecessary if, as

trade unionism, or of combination among
‘wage earners to force employers to give
them more pay. A strike by choir boys

| offends our clerical correspondent’s “true
senso of proprieties in religion,” and
seems to him only “an impertinence.”
But, after all, the offence, if offence there
be, was not in the boys’ demanding more
pay, but in their getting any pay at all
for assisting as “little ministers of the
sanctuary.”

This raises the whole question, and the
old question, if anybody serving religion
should be paid, whether he is a “little”
or a great minister. That the laborer
in the field of religion is worthy of his
hire was a principle laid down by JEsus
in His admonitions to the seventy dis-
ciples appointed by Him and sent, “two
and two,” “into every city and place
whither He himself should come.” It
does not offend against the clerical
“sense of proprieties in religion” that
ministers in churches are paid profes-
sional salaries and that the maintenance
of religious worship generally involves
the expenditure of money among those
directing it. Besides the minister, the
choir is usually paid for its services,
oftentimes a very large sum, and the
organist, the sexton and other necessary
assistants are also paid, so that the cost
of keeping up a considerable house of
worship is large in the aggregate. At
all churches pews are rented, sometimes
at very high prices, or worshippers are
expected to pay for their seats or other-
wise contribute toward the maintenance
of religion. Appeals for money are made
frequently by the pulpit or by prigted
circulars sent out among the members
of the congregation. The temporal side
of the church is managed on temporal
business principles, and examples are
not unknown of special inducements
offered to clergymen in the way ‘of sal-
aries in order to secure their pastoral
services. Accordingly, the choir boys at
the Heaveniy Rest who combined to get
more pay cannot be accused justly of
“impertinence.”

Nor does this rather amusing strike
afford any evidence of a contemporary
decline in religion—no more than would a
strike by the sexton of a church for more
pay or by the organist, or a request by
the pastor that his salary should be
raised. It has nothing to do with any
“system of education,” religious or non-
religious, any more than have strikes
by men in many trades—men, often-

“times, of a distinctively religious educa-
tion or of a profound ‘religious faith—

 

now seems likely, the Executive Depart-
ment of the Federal Government is going to
take the business and the responsibility
out of the hands of the Congress.

Fifty millions or so in the way @f an Ex-
ecutive appropriation for a service pension
makes an impressive beginning.

 

. Reciprocity in Statues.

To THE EDITOR OP THE SUN —Sir: “Touchin'’
on and appertainin’ to” the statue of Fred-
eriok the Great presented by Emperor Wil-
liam, why not accept the same, set it up on
the grounds of our War College, and recipro-
cate Emperor William's courtesy and evi-
dent good feeling by sending him and his
people a statue of GENERAL GEORGE
WASHINGTON ?

THEODORE FRELINGHUYSEN.

CrncInnati, Ohio, March 18.

A Suggested Exchange With Rome.

TO THE Eprror or THR SUN—Sir; Would It not
be wise for us to ask the German Emperor to give
his graven image of Frederick to Rome, and give
us that of Goethe, whioh, as I have read, he means
to give to the Eternal City?

Goethe said things against Rome and her Churoh;
for example: “Rome gives nothing, though she
Crasps at all.” :

Old Frits said things against us and our theory
of government, even predicting its downfall.

Therefore the exchange | propose.

DENVER, Ool., March 16. Possy S. Wra0n.

 

The United-States-of-American,

To THE EDITOR oF THE SUN—Sir; Your corre-
spondent J. P. Murray scems to think, as do many
other Canadians I have met, that this country and
its cltizens have no right to the title of “America
and Americans.” Hoe acknowledges that custom
has allowed it, and that should be a very valid
reason, for no nation ls more jealous of custom
than are the English.

But there are others. “The United States of
Amertoa” ts the only nation that has the name tn-
corporated in {ts title as a nation. It is the oldest
nation of the American continent; also, the title Is
given by the world’s unanimous consent (Canadians
excepted) the reason for this being that many for-
elgn nations have no knowledge that any other
nation exists on this continent, and to them United
States and America are one and the samo. A furthor
reason is that United States and its people have
originated and developed a progressive spirit
hitherto unknown. This has been called Americanism,
and its originators Americans. Even Canada must
admit this to be true, for she has been compelled
to send to this country for her rallroad presidents
and managers and to pattern after our industrial
6ystems.

However much It grieves the Canadians, the tftle
has been conferred upon the citizens of the United
States of America, and It ls the wisest thing to make
the best of It. A. 8. LITTLETON,

AZLETON, Pa., March 18.

A Missoar! Simile.

From a Speech by the Hon, W. W. Rucker, M. @

A man who has the hardihood to face his con-
stituents and plead with them to cleave to the de-
lusive hope of protection for the good it has done
or that it may do in carrying blessings into the
homes of the masses must have cheek of such
Gigantic proportions that a whole buffalo robe
wouldn't make side whiskers for him.

The Four-Legged Alieonicts,

The Terrier—They say we are mad when we
aimply show a little crossness.

The Collie—Yes, and they have been three hum
aa up their minds about Hemies,

'
‘
1

|

If it be deemed desirable that red hats
should crown some of our ecclesiastics in this
untry, we of the laity are content to allow

{ 0
the Archbishops and the Bishops to bring the

mnatter to the attention of the authorities of
Rome, The Church in America will receive
all the rights, and privileges, and honors, to
which she is entitled, if the spiritual rulers
here go about it in the right way.

IT have a sublime faith in the sagacity and
far-sightedness of the men who govern the

| Church from Rome: and I am unwavering in

my belief that, all in good time, the heade of.

the Catholic Church in the United States will
devise some means to have raised to the dig-
nity of Cardinal those prelates deserving of
the honor. Until the hierarohy in America
shall protest against “the curse of Italianism”
in. Church vernment, I cannot imagine
why {t should exasperate a single member
of the laity. WituiaM J. TOOHRY.
NEWARK, March 16.

A Roman Cathelic Scholar's Questions.

To tHe Epitor oF Tae SuN—Sir: Your
paper of last Sunday contains Mr. Goldwin
Smith's comments on Sabatier'’s work en-
titled “Religions of Authority.” From the
confident tone of these comments, I presume
that their author will find it easy to give a
prompt and satisfactory answer to a few of
the many queries which his article suggests:

1. Was there in the time of Jesus, or ever
since, a religion which was not one of au-
thority? And is not the concept of a religion
other than one of authority of very recent
origin—in fact, one entirely forei to the
inind of the immediate followers of Christ, and
to that of His disciples generally down to the
present aye

2. Are there altcgether new unds —
such for instance, as to be unknown to
the writer of the article “Popedom” in the
Encyclop#dia Britannica, or to Duchesne
(Liber_Pontificalis)—to regard the “list of the
early Popes” as “mythical”? Ia the episcopacy
of Clement of Rome, in particular, mythical?

8 Are there not in many Old Testament
writings accurate and elevated teachings
concerning God and morality —representa-
tions, for example, of the God of Israel as the
maker and ruler of all things, as holy and just,
as requiring of His worshippers chiefly in-
ward righteousness and the practice of the
deeds of mercy as punishing sinners in order
to bring them to repentance and to a holy life
as commanding the love of one’s neighbor, o
strangers, &c.—with which Christianity can
be historically connected, and of which it
must be considered the fulfilment, as af-
firmed by Christ Himself? AN INQUIRER.

BALTIMORE, March 19.

 

Suggestion From Our Consul at Venice.

To THR EDITOR oF THE Stn—Sir: United
States Consul Robert W. Bliss of Venice,
Italy, writes me as follows:

Our merchants must be made to realize that tn
order to compete successfully with England and
Germany in the European market they must send
out their own agents, not only to solicit orders,
but also to study the wants of their customers, the
system of credits and other questions which vary
according to the country.

We are & young nation commercially, but the
strides which have brought us well to the fore
were taken s0 rapidly that certain fundamental
lessons have been skimmed over, leaving little im-
pression. This, to which I refer, 1s one which will,
sooner or later, force itself upon our manufactur-
ers, and which they must recognize an@ meet. The
earlier \t 16 done, of course, so much the sooner
will the attendant benefits be felt, while delay
means tho loss and diMculties a second course has
to encounter.

These are words of wisdom and deserve
the attention of all who are interested in the
expansion of American foreign commerce.

Water J. Bauanp,

ScHEnEcTADY, March 18.

 

Oddities of the Barge Canal Business,

To THR EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir: Col. Symons,
tn Bis appeal to the House Committee for permis-
sion to serve on the New York Canal Board, sald he
expectod to remain here in Washington and con.
tinue his duties in full, giving only his odd
moments to the New York canal. How do the
people of the State fee] about having the odd $101, -
000,000 spent in odd moments? It Is too odd!

Jonn W. Wriams,

Wastinoron, March 17.

 

 

The Silence of One Prophet.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Hurrah for
the prophets! One of them wrote you from Brook-
lyn on Feb. 14 that when some tremendous changes
Predicted by him to occur In the war altuation on
elther Mareh 10 or March 11 bad occurred, he would
write reminding you of his prophecy.

Can't you get a letter of explanation from him?

NEw YoRK, March 19. SEVENTH Son.

The Modern Way,
“Do you think you have written any lines that
will live?” she asked the famous author.
“Yes,” he replied, “I have sent some private and
confidential letters to my friends which they will
Probably publish after my death.”

 

 

 
 

Musto by an Episcopal Clergyman.

To THE EpITOR oF THE SuN-—Sir: The
account given in to-day's' SuN of a strike
among the choir boys in the Church of the
Heavenly Rest of this city may be regarded
by some people as an amusing passing inci-
dent. But to any one who has the religious
instinct and a true sense of proprieties in
religion it is a very pitiable story, and may be
taken, not only as an evidence of that decline
{n religion which many think they eee in the
Christianity of this country, but aleo of the
effect of an absolutely non-religious system
of education Here are a number of boys
who have been literally “picked up in the
street” for religious purposes, and made little
ministers of the sanctuary, for which they
seem to have been paid 50 cents a service,
But because the collection is small tne allow-
ance is cut down to 35 cents, and these young-
sters have the impertinence to count the
collection, and demand their full pay, on a
purely financial basis.

No wonder that a great many cler,
have substituted the young woman, w
usually some sense of reverence, for the boy
of the etreet, who seldom has any. Bishop
Huntingdon, the venerable and saintly Bishop
of Central New York, about three years ago
refused to walk in Frpocesion with an {rrev-
erent boy choir, and Bishop Burgess of Long
Island in a recent pastoral expressed his djs-
approval of a female surpliced choir, T
musical organizations of the Episcopal Church
have consequently upon the
horns of a dilemma,

But as a matter of fact boy choirs \as well
as female choirs) are recent PEROT OAs.
The boy choir came into the Church with the
ritualistic revival of Pro’ ntism, It wa
unknown a century ago, and is never foun
in a continental Catholic cathedral, and seldom
in Roman Catholic churches As Dean Hook
remarks in his Church Dictionary, “ ohoir
is a body of men set apart for the performance
of all the services of the church in
solemn form.” And it would seem that if a
choir must be paid it would be far r to
have a choir of men's voices only. en's
_voices are much more impressive in Christian
worship than those of either women or boya

And under any circumstances e time
would seem to have come for glorey men to
make an appeal for individuals willing to
give their services gratuitously for the wor-
ship of God.

A distinguished Bishop said to me a few
days ago: “I believe we are sin pa cut people
out of church.” The ornate singing in most
of our churches is excessively wearisome.
To mutely stand during the singing of an
elaborate Te Deum is exceedingly yin to
flesh and blood. The demand 1; altogether
contrary to the idea of worship. The ern
choir master is strictly a “professional,” and
believes in his heart that he and his choir are
the attraction, and not the priest or the
preacher. His importance is only belittled

y the attractions of a highly pald soprano
or a popular tenor. The whole thing ie as
contrary to the true principles of religion as
the turhing of a church into a theatre, And
if we want to know why there appears to be
a decline in habits of worship, the solutio:
may_perhaps be found in the suggestion o
the Bishop already referred to, that “we are
elnging the people out of church.”

St. Patrick's Day. A CLEBOTMAN.

men

 

PINEAPPLE AND DIPHTHERIA.

Apparent Success of a Simple Treatment
in a Serious Case.

To THE EpiToR oF THE SuN—S: Bome
years ago I read in THE SUN a statement
froma physician in which he declared that the
juice of the pineapple was efficacious in re~
living patients suffering with diphtheria and
membraneous croup. On the evening of
March 8, answering a ring of my doorbell, I
found a lady neighbor, bareheaded and in a
state bordering on the hysterical. Wringing
her hands, she said:

“Oh, what shall Ido? Annie has the diph-
theria and membraneous croup, an he
doctor says she can't live more than an hour,
and he won't have anything to do with the
case except on consultation with another
physician.

Y did what I could to calm her, telling her
to go home, and that I would send m ugh-
ter for the other doctor, and, furthermore,
that if the little one had but an hour to lve
it would be no harm to try_a simple remedy
which I would send her. I despatched py
daughter for the doctor and instructed her
not to return without a pineapple if one could
be procured in the town. 0 after the
father came to inquire where doct:
lived, as he had not yet arrived.

A little later my daughter with the
pineapple, and I immediately sent arou
with instructions to cut it up, paquets out the
juice and give it to the sick c In
meRG tiie ne Reccne gece had aires
an 8s opinion was that the case
ipne an hour or two at most was the limit of

e. '

Fee te oe, ee eee ban ee

ren nk pineapple
POO RION Hine N. 3 March 18. GW.E.

But never let the pineapple treatment
supersede the regular medical attendance.

————

 

The Jerusalem Trip of the Prespereus
Alabama Farmer.

To tHe EDITOR ory Tos Stx—Sir: A very
serious question of paternal regponsibility
underlies that Alabama farmer’s costly trip
to Jerusalem. Itis the question whether un-
sophisticated plain people ought to be free to
divert valuable wealth upon their own super-
fluous fancies.

We have rightly adopted the national policy
of withholding dangerous moneys from our
Indian wards, on the just and benevolent
ground that we know better than they what
an Indian wisely requires; .and on the same
general principle, already at work in most of
our administered and public ‘charities, we
ought, in strict conscience, to restrain the
uneducated masses from arbitrary extrava-
gance. Their incidental accretions (to quote
seasonable Mr Depew) are in the nature of
potential capital; public money {s a public
trust; and in this higher light we discover
a doubtful, treacherously slack forbearance
in suffering the public's fundamental inter-
ests to become the careless play of untrained
individuals

Quite a parallel case, in the world of higher
letters, was recently brought out by the con-
servative Saturday Review: The case of Tory
and ecclesiastical dignity versus plebelan
dissent in the shameless person of a certain
“Hebbe,” a vulgar Baptist. “Hebbe,” to
begin with, it was excellently argued, was
no name to be respected by an aristocratic
university; and, besides, what use had mere
“chapel” tradesmen, tinkers, mechanics, for
classical culture? The pagan literatures, of
course, were foreorfained unto the exclusive
righteous edification of an Established State
Church,

In a word, we betray our national trust
as to the corporately economic disposition of
sacred public wealth, if we thus complacently
tolerate costly extravagance on the part of
accidentally prosperous, isolated individuals

RESPONSIBLE CONSCIENOB.

Porrstown, Pa, March 18.

No Golf Playing tn the Streets of This Tewn!

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; I enclose copy
of an ordinance which I found in “Laws and Ordl-
nances of New Netherlands, 1688-1674," translated
by Dr. O'Calfaghan, which may be of Interest to
lovers of golf. F. H. Van VECHTEN.

Ordinance by the Vice-Director and Oommis-
saries of Fort Orange, passed Dec. 10, 1650.

“The Worsh. Commissary and Commissartes of
Fort Orange and Village of Beverwyck, having
heard divers complaints from the Burghors of this
Place against playing at Golf along the streets,
whioh causes great damage to the windows of the
Houses, and exposes people to the danger of being
‘wounded and is contrary to the freedom of the
Public Streets; Therefore their Worships, wishing
to prevent the same, forbid all persons playing
Golf in the streets, on pain of forfeiting 26 florins
for each person who shall be found doing so.”

 

 

Enthusiastic Approval of Mr. Justice Harian's
Opinion,

To tam EpITor oF THE SUN—Sir: Hurrah for
Harlan! He goes through the sophistrics of the
defence “like a red hot cannon ball through a bucket
of ewgshelis.” And throe cheers for Brewer, who
holds the balance even, and for the Judges who
concur! It is not strange that the Democratic
brethren stick to State rights, but Holmes ts dls-
appointing, The decision ls a new birth of freo-
dom, and the Supreme Court fs greater than ever.

A CounTRY LAWYER

AMBTERDAM, N. Y., March 18.

 

Easter Lilies from Japan.
From Country Life in America.

Our Faster lily, called the “Bermuda” Itly, ta tn
reality a native of Japan and China. In 1870 Japan
sent us omy 82,000 worth of bulbs for growing
them: but in 1895 the exports Jumped to 640,000;
by 1898 they reached $130,000, and they have been
climbing steadily ever since, while the output
from Bermuda is supposed to be 8 quarter less
than it wasadecadeago. Inspiteof heavy freights
the Japanese bulbs could often be delivered here

for half the price of the Bermuda product.

=r |

= ele aa