RAFAEL JOSEFFY APPEARS,

TAL GREAT PIANIST PLAYS WITH
THE BOSTONIANS.

 

 

He Was Not Advertised, but Took the
Place of Murtel Foster, Suddenly In-«
disposed—Gustave Strube Conducts
His Own ‘Fantastio Overture.”

‘The final afternoon concert of the Boston
symphony Orchestra at Carnegie Hall
vesterday brought with it a joy unexpected.
Muriel Foster, an English contralto for
whom Edward Elgar wrote music ‘and of

© whom many Vibrant telegraph wires have
told alluring tales, was to have sung, but
he fell into the wide ranks of the suddenly
indisposed. Now every one must be sorry
that a woman is ill, especially that rare
woman, a real contralto; but if such must
be the fortune of the day, then let the
bountiful gods who rule the destinies of
musical art provide such a substitute as he
of yesterday.

For out of the golden remote wild Tarry-
town, where the most roseate technio
epreada its airv tendrils all the year round,
vame the figure of Rafael Joseffy, the
pianist, Who i¢ 80 much rarer than a day in
June that he ought to be kept in a melodic
conservatory and forced, Little slips in
the programme told of the change, but
somehow the amorous winds had caught the
pews and flashed it along the avenues, 80
that melomaniacs of epicurean tastes and
infrequent visits to the chambers of ivory
matipulation came out of their seclusion
and basked in the sunlight of the hour.

Mr. Joseffy played the A major concerto
of the rhapsodic Abbé Liszt, and how he
played it inky type may not tell. Such
piano playing has not been heard in this
town in many moons, It was real piano
playing, not piano pounding. It was piano
playing which had respect for the limite-
tions of the instrument, which fathomed
its nature and which, within the delicate

unference of a starlike outline, painted
aconcerto With a thousand exquisite tints,

Sach airy, fairy nuancing as Mr. Joseity
did, ravished the hearing and touched the
poetic faney, ‘There was all the beauty of
the old Joseffy touch, seintillant, crisp,
clear, Unerring, and yet always laid on
vith fingers of rose-leaf velvet. ‘There
was that peilucid atmosphere, created by
a continent use of the pedals and a liberal
employment of a murvellous independence
of finger. There was the plentiful range
of dynamics, which yet never reached a
thunderous fortissimo Beautiful, sym-
metrical, reposeful piano plaving it was,
and as for the reading of the concerto,
surely no one could make the composition
sound more imaginative.

Mr. Joseffy’s treatment of the slow pas-
rage was masterly. it was poetry itself.
4s for his playing of the scherzando parts,
that was the very dance of Queen Mab
herself upon the keyboard. The audience
burst into a tumult of applause at the close
of the performance, and would gladly
have had Mr. Josey play again and again,
bur other music was to be heard,

ere

The crehessral numbers were Mezari’s |
F flat ssmphen., Gustave Strube's “Fan-
tas ic Overiure” and Charbrier’s overture

to his cpera “Gwendcline,” Mr. Strube's
compcsition was a neveliy, DG he, being
a member ef the erchestra, vas permi! ted
tocondnet it himself. The aca lience treated
him kindly, but whether it is because in
these degenerate cays we are incapable
cf perceiving the excellence Cf any erches-
tral compcsition which dees not require
two thousand werds cf programme notes
to explain the recendite philcsophical idea
lying behind it, or because Mr. Sirube was
not a great unkno wn, there was no furious
beating of cager palms ner craning «f
elas ic necks.

Yeu the comp: ser ¢ ffered a considerable
prespeet of wry harmonies, distorted trum-
pet svles, melodic defcrmities and inst ru-
mental hurly burly cf the type now ap-
proved by advanced authorities. At least
«ne feclish persen in the audience was «f
a mind to fancy that if the overture had
heen signed R. Strauss it would have per-
aunaded the audience to shiver the ratiers
wil plaudiis

Certainly, Mr. Strube has been listening to
the music of the bara of Munich. Perhaps
he has received some of it filtered through
the enthusiasm of irresistible Charles
Martin Loeffler, but in some fashion he
has got it, Yet he is still Strube, this man
and not that one, and he has something
individual to put into the Munich bottle.

fo he more specific, he has a very pretty
technique of his own, and he can build a
fantastic overture as fantastically as the
best or worst of them. In set terms of
criticism, his composition is well made,
excellently instrumented and shows skillec
musicianship. Like the music of Mr
Strauss, it does not show a striking fecundity
in thematic ideas. But these are not at a
premium in the impressionistic school.

he orchestra played the overture con
amore and the composer conducted ably.

The Charbrier overture is a mariial
composition designed to characterize the
hero of the opera, Harald. It was poured
‘nlo the auditorium ina fine stream of
color and eeemed a mighty, vigorous,
elle sufficient and confident piece of music.

Finally, let it not be forgotten, Mr
Gericke and the gentleman of Boaton inter-
preied the Mozart symphony as if the
maren toward cerebro-spinal musicitis
had not robbed them of their joy in the
tong of the morning stara,

S48 WORRTS, SAYS SAMMY:
hrahowsky' If You Tag a Cat How Shall
she Scratch Her Neck?

rhe Hon. John Morris, president of the
hecentric Club, said yesterday that the
Clb was shaken to its centre by the an-
nouncement last Thursday that President
Darlington of the Board of Health may
Inelitute a system of licensing cats similar
tothat in vogue ar nong their canine foes
Why.” he exclaimed, “the cats are the
only good Arpericnns who can correctly
Prono ince (he ditheult names of our friends
the Kuscians. Just listen to Sammy say
‘hrak kowsky.' Say ‘Kreakowsky,’ Sammy.”
Sammy, the huge white cat, stretched
hinvelf and aid * Krakowsky” languidly.
Ust as easy!” said Mr. Morris. “Cats
1 public benefit,” he continued.

 

  
 
 

around the house that your wife
let you throw away—when there
are cats on the back fence

'O'link of licensing cats. The Egyptians,
who were civilized thousands of years
hefora the Luropeans, regarded cats as
sacred The Egy ptian population of New
York would rise up in fury.

The Kecentrie Club will take active
Measures against any such legislation,

On the principle of home rule, the citizens

ef this city shovld be allowed to manage
‘her own individual cata without any
Mlerierence from the Legislature. If Mr.

Odell thinks that he can gain votes by
SUppressing cats, he will find himself con-
fronted with a catastrophe.”

Ai this point, several other members of
the Eoventric ( lub arose and went outside.

o a fence,” said President Morris,

epologetically.

he rest of the members departed in a
and the president was left alone
his indignation and the reporter.

“They might just as well talk about
licensing rats,” he continued, “How would
: look for every woman in New York to
* foing around with a brass tag hanging
out of her pom padour?”

Preside ‘it Morris's pretty telegraph
ye rator Sushed pink, and got up and said
‘at she guessed she would go out to lunch.

1S wrong and inhuman and im-
Mracticahle,” said President Morris. “A
colar broad enough to fasten a license tag
'O would prevent a cat from enjoying her
Pousti ional rights to seratch her neck.
There ¢ re a few dyspeptic people always
ohe found whoonthe slightest provocation
or none at all have to growl at something.
A cat is the most pacific thing you can

nod
With

     

Ae lat, and that’s what started (his agita-
n
When the interviewer left President

Morris was softly humming to himself:
. oammy, oo, oh, oh, Sammy, 5, Whe sam

4 regarding him with a look of benign
*atisfaction. .

¢ “Think ,
‘asy it is to get rid of old boots and |

Tt i8 absurd |

BESTA

apaene!

R

 

Girls’ and Misses’ Millinery.

 

A notable display of new designs especially
charming in their effectiveness,

Originality and Perfect Adaptation
to Youthful Forms and Faces.

Some are

ideas received direct

from Paris.

Others originated entirely with our own experts, and
are exclusive with this house.

Our assortments are unapproachable in

Novelty, Variety and Freshness.

 

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

There is at least one foreigner in this
city who is charmed with the courtesy of
the New York police. He is a French auto
driver who was arrested the other day
by a bicycle cop. The prisoner later gave
the following account of the affair:

“But he is charming, your policeman of
vw bicycle. I was going fast, vary fast,
au’ he stop me an’ say:

‘Monsieur, you are under
you have uw ceegar?’

“An’ he han’ me a ceegar. Zen ve go
together to ze court of ve police, an’ ze
Judge he say "Ten dollair.’ ft have nossing
but ze bill of twenty doilair, so ze police-
Iban he say to me

" ‘Allow me.’

“An' he pay my fine,
get a drink logethair au’
ze ten dolluir.’

 

arrest. Vill

Zen ve
[ give heem back

Se

A newsboy who has worked in Printing
House Square for a number of years has
discovered that there is inore than one way
tomake money. His way is to lend money
to printers and telegraph operators who
have gone broke playing the horses,

“Nearly every night,” said the newsboy,
) “L lend from $8 to $10 to these men, and at
| the end of the week or on their pay days
! 1 get ic back with big interest, Some weeks
| 1 make from $15 to $20 profit.

“It is a great game and not one of the
Other newsboys is ontoit. Ihave a steady
, run of customers, who come up every
| evening, and | can always tell when they
' are in need of money. All they have to do
now ix to pul up their fingers and 1 know
right away the ammount they wont

“Sometimes | tneke more than they
agree to pay. For instance if a taan makes
4 Winning on a loan from me I'm likely to
get $15 back for $10."

Two men were conversing in a restau-

rant the other day about perfected
pedometers.
“There are scales inthe back,” said one,

“so that you can regulatet hemto the length
of your stride, but Ll always test mine my-
self and adjust them: by experimenting.”

“How do you do it?’ asked his friend.

“Why, { just walk twenty city blocks
and then look at the pedometer to see if
it registers more or less. Then [ adjust
it again and walk another twenty blocks
and compare it again. If thore is still a
difference, 1 walk another twenty blocks
and keep it up until the thing ts absolutely
correct.

“Great Scott! You're clear up in The
Bronx already.”

“Talking of good resolutions,” said the
Man on the Water Wagon, “let him who

wants to keep them tarry far from Broad-
way. Half the show houses are simply
bait for booze factories. Drinking is touted
therein as the only realwinner in the straight-
away track to joy. The real clever fellow
is either a Colonel of Scotch Highball Fusi-
liers, or a booze fighter of great repute
Sometimes he is frankly named Booze,
us in the case ef a popular show on Broad-
way now.

“He sings about, talks about and drinks
booze with such hilarity that you are right-
away tempted to go out and get one your-
self. Even when he sings about the chill
gray dawn of the morning after, it is with
such comical whimsicality that the water
pitcher, the lump of ice and the wet towel
seem designed for pleasure instead of in-
struments of torture. When he sings ‘I'm
on the Water Wagon Now,’ somehow he
seems to smack his lips and suggest to you
the joy of failing off, All ardent spirits are
at his beck and call, He is served by a tp
ping girlie in a short dress, and his credit
is unlimited.

“Let the W.C.T. U. stop roasting Mormon-
ism for a moment and cast their blinkers on
the heroes of the Broadway stage. I'm
much in favor of the present } Shakespeare: an
revival in New York. Good-day.

A woman who lives near the line of the
St. Patrick’s day parade, has a dog which
she has taught to sit on her back when she
leans out of the window, When the parade
was passing, the woman was 'paning out
of the window, and the dog, seeing | er,
jumped on her back and sat close up to her
i neck, The dog hadn't been there long
| when the woman suddenly leaned farther
out and unseated the dog. With a howl
he shot down toward the crowd. He fell
four stories, and struck on the shoulder of
a man who would have been knocked flat
if he had not been hemmed in by the crowd,
The dog slid to the ground unhurt, but
badly seared, and ran off down the street,
still yelping.
The Russian consular officers in New
York may he as busy as they like just now,
but there is one kind of visitor to the con-
sulate whom they don't even attempt to
put off with the excuse of being busy. That
visitor is the gentleman who is writing either
a book or a series of articles on Russia.
This is his methed:
“Good morning, sir;
I am writing on Russia. Can you tell me
whether the Nevski Prospect in St. Peters-
burg runs into the river or alongside of it?
and do you know whether there are Cos-
sacks in Tver? No? That’s singular.
But you can surely tell me about this side
street in Moscow. I visited there in 1859,

 

here's my card, sir.

and it was muddy. Is _ it still muddy?
Haven't been there? Why, you are the
Consul, are you not?

“Perhaps you can look it up. ft would

be a
me, if you did. I'll come again.
Exit author dissatisfied.

CATHOLIC

 

TWO NEW BISHOPS.
Both Appointments tn Line With the Policy
of Recognizing Missionary Work.

Officia) announcement was made yester-
day of the appointment of the Rev, Dr.
William Stang of Providence as first Bishop
of the new diocese of Fall River, Mass.
It is also anrounced that the Rev. Father J.
B. Delaney, rector of the Cathedral at Man-
chester, has been elevated to the Bishopric
of that see.

These appointments, comil.g as they do |
close on that of Father ¢ susacl as Auxiliary
Bishop of New York, show the new poliey
of Po Pius X., who in a recent letter to
one of the American hierarchy, declared his
intention of rewarding missionaries and
| thus encouraging the missionary spirit.

go an’ |

or you, as well as for |
ood thing for | survive his mother.

 

, and -

60-62 West 23d Street.
LLL

 

WOMEN IN NEWSPAPER WORK

TARBELL ENLIGHTENS THE
ALUMNAE OF CORNELL.

Says Their Hardest Task Is to Realize
That They're Part of the Machine
-Never Become High Class Reporters
Dr. Schurman on Higher Education.

 

IDA

 

Woman, her charms, her education, her
work and her future formed the theme of
addresses at the annual luncheon of the
Cornell aluinna: at the Murray Hill Hotel
vesterday afternoon. Mrs. SamuelS. Slater
introduced President Schurman as the first
speaker

Speaking
women Dr.

of the higher education of
Schurman expressed the belief

) that the present system is not a permenent

one,

“There ave only a mere handful of women
lawyers who are — successful,
doctors have been a little more successful,
while in engineering work they ure prac-
tically unknown. ‘Teaching and authorship
seem to be the only two fields full of prom-
ise for women

“T have sometimes thought that if we
could intreduce some new departure that
would eombine with the ccld, intellectual

aud material curricula a development
of the imagination and emcetion in the
education «of women, the accusation of a
purely material age could not be made
ugeinst us. | believe the future will see

a better scheme, che more adapted to the
sphere of the truly intellectual woman.”

Miss Ida M. ‘Tarbell spoke interestingly
on “Women in Journalism,” announcing
that she was geing to “tall shop.”

“Nearly all woinen who escape matri-
mony andthe sechoclroom try fer journal-
ism,” said Miss ‘Tarbell, “L have been
rubbing up agains: journalism myself,
have a profound respect for the
woman who succeeds init. If she can en-
cure the first six menths cf bratalizing
experiences, she is apt to succeed, ‘Lhere
ix no other sphere in life where the fact
that you are a woman counts for nothing.
‘There is not a goed and wholesome woman
in (he werld who does not want considera-
ion becaure Ale is a weinau

“When a woman enters the office of a
great daily she is painfully conscious that

she is a Wornan-- just a woman. She can-
not at first grasp the idea that the great
daily is a wonderful and almost perfect

roanchine, that makes what she terms cruel

dem ands

Women |

ee renee

“That daily paper is a wonderful creation |
and all who serve it become a part of the |

machinery, and not individuals.
a woman some time to realize this.

“She goes into the office, receives her
first assignment, does her best on it and
next morning finds that not a word of it
is used. She tukes her next assignment,
and perheps two of the ten inches she wrote

is used inally she goes to the busy man
with the glakses at the night desk and
esks why. She is cololy informed that

her first articles were ‘rot.’ She thinks it
is brutal and hard and does not tnderstand
why the men ignore the fact that she is
a woman.

“Then she wants to quit In lots of
eases she does quit. Women, newspaper
women, have to get over that habit of

quitting—it’s fatal. And she mustn't erv
if she belongs to that class she will probably
be asked to quit. Tears may be a forceful
weapon in matrimony, but never in an
editorial room.

“Women never beecoine high-class re-
porters. Women never get the big assign-
ments. But women have a great chance
in sensations.”

 

 

TREAT SMITH AS A DEAD MAN,

Agree That His 83,448 (Goes to
His Stepfather.

The failure of Frank J. Smith, son of
Margaret Smith, afterward Margaret Reilly,
who died in this city in 1886, to come forward
and show that he is alive has cost him
$4,448, which represents the present value,
with interest, of a bank account which his

 

Courts

It takes |

mother opened in the i migrant Industrial |

Savings Bark in 1874.) Frank J. Smith has
never been seen or heard {rom since 1884
Margaret Smith married Patrick Reilly
many years after her firat husband had
died, and she subsequently altered her
bark account to read as

Margaret Smith or son Frank J.” When

she felt death coming on, she handed over |
to be held |

the bank book to her sister
for her son. The sister is now insane,
and the book fell into the hands of Patrick
Reilly, as the administrator of his wife's
effects.

Frank Smith, who was known as “the
nigger” because of his swarthy complexion,
had gone to Montezuma, Col., in 1874,
and wrote to his mother in 188t. He visited
her two years before she died, but has
never been seen again nor heard from and
a temporary administrator has been ap-
pointed for his estate, as an “absentee,”

Thomas eda the temporary ad-
ministrator, brought suit against the bank
and Reilly to recover the $3,348, asserting
that the change in the account had made
Smith, as the survivor of his mother, the sole
owner of the deposit.

Justice Davis, in Special Term, ¢

judged
that Reilly, the widow er, was ancitied

to the

| money, and the Appellate Division upholds

this judgment, on the ground that there is
nothing to show that Smith actually did
Were proof to that
effect forthcoming, says the Court, he would

| undoubtedly be entitled to recover the bank

account as survivor.

 

Washington Soctety Notes.

WasHinoton, March 19.—-Mr. and Mrs.
Wayne MacVeagh entertained a large
party at dinner to-night.

Mrs. Louis T. Hoyt and Shipley
Jones of New York, who have been the

‘ guesis of Capt. and Mrs. Warren Beach

for the past week, have returned to New

| York. Miss Norrie, also of that city, is
the guest of Capt. and Mrs. Beach,
Former Ambassador to Italy and Mrs.

William F.
to-night.
The Speaker and Miss Cannon were the
uests of honor ata dinner oe by Senator
volt, of West Virginia, and Mrs. Scott,
at the New Willard ‘to-night.

Draper entertained at dinner

“in account with |

    

  

 

    
 

 
 
 

. r Coal,

Tailor-made Suits. “O

Foreign and Domestic Productions
FOR SPRING AND SUMMER,
in Cloth, Silk, Mohair and Voiles.

Spring Walking Suits.

SPECIAL OFFERING,

SUITS, a collection of early Spring models,which we in-
tend to discontinue,as the lots are broken in sizes sie
colors; made from fine Cheviots and Scotch Tweeds. .

25.00

The (Ae? Ahist.

Large assortment of exclusive models to which we are making
daily additions all at MOST ATTRACTIVE PRICES.

 

Linens.

Complete assortment of best
makes of Irish, Scotch and Austrian linenin very handsome patterns,

SPECIAL,

Table Cloths and Napkins.

TABLE CLOTHS.
214x2% yards, $4.50 each,

234x3 yards, $5. 5 O each.

NAPKINS to match,
54x56, $3.00 dozen.

4x34, $4450 dozen

Specially desirable for country homes.

Men’s Furnishings.

NEGLIGEE SHIRTS, made of imported madras and French

Percale, spring patterns, plain and plaited bosoms;
coat style and open front and back; each......

$1.50

DRESS SHIRTS OF FINEST MATERIALS.
HANDKERCHIEFS, GLOVES, NECKWEAR.

SOroadway L 19th, Oliect.

 

SOCIETY.

IN

Socially matters will be of the strenuous
order for this week. The Badminton Club
meeting next Saturday afternoon is ex-
pected to be particularly big and jolly
Among the wedding cards sent out last

| his

| sister,

 

 

more, to take + lage on Saturday afternoon,
April 30. Yhe bride-elect is a daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Dallas Bache Pratt, who
will give a reception at their home, 24 West
Forty-eighth strect, after the church cere-
mony Riss Pratt will be attended by her
r, Miss Constance Pratt, as maid of
honor, and will have several bridesmaids
as well, James Winchester will attend
brother as best man and Alexander

Dallas Bache Pratt, brother of Miss Pratt,

| Douglas Campbell and Russell Landale of

Monday and Tuesday were those for
the Barden-fwombly, Iselin- Whittier and
Schieielin-Seribner nuptials

J. H. Roijen, Chargé d'Affaires of the !

Netherlands Legation at Washington,
cones here almost weekly to see his flance,
Mires Albertina T. Winthrop

' Richard
' Manly Whedbee of Baltimore

it is probable |

that the date of the wedding, will soon be |
' will have its meeting next Wednesday at

fixed. A day in the third week in April
is Likely to be selected,

will be the scene of the nuptials

The wedding of Misa Pauline Whittier
and Ernest Iselin, which will probably be
the biggest of laster week, will be cele-
brated at noon on Wednesday, April 6, in
St, Patrick's Cathedral, Fifth avenue and
Fiftieth street. The wedding break ast
and reception afterward will serve a3 the
housewarming of the new eatablishment
of the bridegroom's parents, Mr. and Mrs
Adrian Iselin, Jr., at 711 Fifth avenue.

Capt. and Mrs. Philip Lydig sailed ‘yes-
terday for Europe and expect to arrive in
Rome in time for the great Easter cele-
bration. They will pess a few weeks later
in Paris to give Mrs. Lydig an opportunity

to do some shopping, and will return and !

go to Newport before July

Mr. and Mrs. H. Meck. Twombiy,
have been sojourning at Lakewood of late,
will go for Holy Week to Florham Park,
their place at Madison, N. J. Mr. and
Mrs. Pembroke Jones will remain until
Easter at their country place, Airlie, iedr
Wilmington, N.C, Mr. and Mrs. I. Town-
send Burden, parents of Miss Twombly's
fiancé, were in their house party last week,

who

Mra. Perry Tifeny, who has been abroad
ell winter with her mother, Mrs. Theodore
H. Havemeyver, will returo for the Newport
season, having rented again the. ottage she
occupied there last year

Mrs. Douglas Robinson gave one of the
well attended teas of the week on Tues-
day afternoon, when she was assisted by
her future daughter-in-law, Miss Helen
R. Roosevelt, and Mr. Robinson's English
nieces, the Misses Woolrythe Whitmore,
who arrived recently and will remain on this
side until after the Rel
wedding, at which Lley will assist as brides-
miids. Some of her own cousins,
ing Miss Alice Roosevelt and Miss Caroline
Drayton, as well as those of the bridegroom,
will also attend. Possibly this will be
one of the May weddings, for this month,
tabooed heretofore by superstitious brides,
sprang into favor last year

Miss Helen R. Roosevelt will be the second
granddaughter of Mrs. Astor to be married,
Miss Sara Van Alen, now Mrs. Robert J.
F. Collier, having been the first. Mrs, Astor
will not be present. She has, by the way,
lingered in London 10 attend the wedding
of Miss) Norah Bell to Major Wilfred Ri-
cardo to-morrow
including the bride's mother, Mrs. isaac
Bell; Mr. and Mre. Bradley Martin, Lord

and Lady Craven, the Hon. and Mrs. Dudley
Taigh and others also wil] be present. ‘The
Count and Countess d’Aramon, né> Bell,

who were over here for some time, reached |

England yesterday to attend the wedding.

Cards have been received here fer the

i bali te be given by Representative and
Mrs, Francis Burten Hartisen, at their
heme in Washington, D. C., on che night

cf Faster Menday, April 4. They had in-
fended giving this funciion before Leni,
but Mrs. Harrison decided that there were
not encugh men at the capital at that time
to insure iis success,

Viscount Acheson,
fer several months and ecns ai tly
tained meanwhile, suiled on the Cel ie
Wednesday, fer his heme in England.
Among the titled j ec} In who are to arrive
here early in April, will be the Duke of
Nevwcas. le, who fuiled to pass the winter

enter-

in New Yerk as usual he Duchess cf
Newene'le dees net acecmpany him on

his trips to America.

and Countess of Yarmcuth,
née Thaw, are coming over early in June.
They are located now at Ragley Hall, the
country estate of the Earl's parents, the
Marquis and Marchiconess «f Herford,
who are returning froma visit to Incia

The Earl

Representatives of old families of the
town will be in evidence at the wedding
of Miss Esther P. Hoppin and Dr.
Hillhouse Pool on faturday afternoon,

und Grace Church |

\

| White
| her sisters, Mrs.

William Lee,
Shriver and
will be the

Thomas Harrison,
Pleasants, Alfred

this city;

ushers

Miss Edith Hollins’s Lenten sewing class

the residence of Mrs, Frederic J. de Peyster,
14 East Sixty-sixth street. Last week
the rendezvous was at the home of Miss
Helen Peabody. Next Saturday, March
26, the class will have a sale of the fancy
articles made at its meetings at the home
of the Misses Annie L. Horn and Sarah
Lawrence Horn, 13 East Fifty-third street.
The proceeds go tothe Seamen's Home in
Market street. It is intended to fit up
scveral rooms in this home and also to start
a cofice room in State street for sailors.

Mies Edith Gardiner, whose wedding with
Hugh Miller will take place in St. Thomas's
Church, on Wednesday afternoon, April 6,
has selected delicate tints of mauve and
green for the color scheme of the affair.
Mauve was the popular bridal color last
pring and summer, but during the winter
the fashionable tints, have been pink and
Miss Gardiner will be attended by
Alfred Toussaint and Miss
Hilda Gardiner, as matron of honor and
bridesmaid, and also by the Misses Margie
Crane Hurlbut, Mabel Lavie and Helen P.
Miller, sister of the bridegroom, Thomas
Havens will be Mr. Miller's best man, and
Philip Gardiner, Bentley Gardiner, Charles
Clarke, Charles O'Connor, John MeCall
and John Brower ushers.

Mr. and Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish gave one
of the handsome dinners of the past week
on Wednesday night. Mra. Richard Gam-
brill, who has been giving a series of elabo-
rate Surday luncheons, gave a dinner on
Thursday night.

Miss Evalyn Van Wart is now here at the
Waldorf-Astoria. Miss Van Wart, after a

| stay of years in England without returning

sinson-Roosevelt ,

includ- |
; and others of the A
' pet.

Many of her old friends, |

to this side, now tmnakes periodical visits.
This is coming to be the custom of Mr. and
Mrs. Bradley Martin, Mrs. Arthur Paget
nglo-American smart
Miss Van Wart, as the granddaughter
of the late Marshall O. Roberts, has her
own business interests to attend to here
as well as those of her step-grandmother,
Mrs. Ralph Vivian, Marshall Roberts, who
is so much her junior, but is her unele,
married ai) Unglish girl some months ago.

Nir.
little daughter,
Nagland, expect
here by October.
located at Skibo Castle,
Scotland. Forbes Leith,
some time returned very resently to
Castle, his Seotch abode. Unfortunately
Mr. Leith is supposed to have acquired the
legendary curse with his castle. There are
a number of New Yorkers who have their

and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie and their
who sailed yesterday for
to return to their home

Meanwhile they will be
their residence in
who was here for

| Seoteh cosiles now, but most of these, in-
eluding the Bradley Martins, Forbes
Leiths and others, have already spent

fortunes to make these habitable,

James Henry Smith has his Seotch home,

| which is referred to only as a shooting box.

who has been in town

Eugene |

April 30, in the Brick Pp resbyterian Church, +

Fifth avenue and ‘Chirty-seventh street.
Tie bride-elect is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs.
Fifty-third street, who will give a reception
after the church ceretrnony. Mrs. Hoppin
was Miss Katherine Beekman. The bride
to be has selected for her bridesmaids the
Misses Cornelia Barnes, Marion Whittaker,
Kdith Smalley and Una soley. Dr, bool
has not yet arranged his list of ushers

One of the big Grace Church weddings
will be that of Miss Katherine Griswold
Pratt and Lycurgus Winchester of Balti-

William Warner Hoppin of 47 Weat |

 

Mr. Smith will soon siart on his annual

European trip

Miss Mathel ( hoate has returned to Lon-
don, and to the new home of her parents,

Ambassador and Mrs. Choate, 1 Carlton
Terrace. Mrs. Arthur. Paget and her
daughter, Miss Leila Paget, will sail in

A pri, alsoto be in readiness for the gayeties
of the season.

Capt. Charies Glen Collins, the fiancé
of Miss Nathalie Schenck, is likely to have
some of his relatives over for the wedding
in April. Another wedding, which will
probably be celebrated in April, for which
no date has been set, is that of Miss Edith
Cryder and Mr. Ames of Boston,

Marvelous
The Difference

that comes with proper food

Grape-Nuls

Get the little book “The Road
to Wellville’ in each pkg.

Fyte |

  

| Le Boutilier Rratler

LACES.

Are displaying a new imporiation of Fine Laces—cAlencon,
Repoussé, Punch effects, Lierre, Point Gaze, Chantiliy,
Valenciennes, Oriental, Applique, and Soft Model Flouncings.
Matched Widths, Aliovbers and Bandings to match.

SPECIAL

A large assortment of Applique and Separate Ornaments, in
exclusive designs, —in Paris, Champagne and Whtte—Wwell adapted

for application purposes.
Net Top Repousse’ Fiouncings, 18 inches wide,

98° worth $1.50

trish Crochet and Point Venise Allover Nets, 19 inches wide,
for Waists, Gowns and trimmings in general,

98°

White and Cream Crochet Bands,

39°

Black, White and Cream Chiffon, 45 inches wide,

3 9° value 59.

45-inch Point d’ Esprit Nets— White, Cream and Black,

59°

WOMEN’S NECKWEAR

New and large variety of Stocks, Fancy Top Collars and
Sets in Persian, Crash, Bulgaria and Lacey effects,

29° 0 59°

Special White Top Collars, wtth fine embroidered top,

“ae

Le Boutiltier Brothers

West Twenty-third. Street,

 

 

worth $1.50

value 55¢,

regular value 75¢

good value for 48e.

 

Monday, March 21st,
Special Sale Was h Shirt Waists

in Basket Cloth Cheviot in large and small weaves, striped
and figured madras and momie cloth,

at 98c., $1.25, 41.65, $1.95,

lagcepional value.)

Silk Petticoat Department.

A Manufacturer's Sample Line of
Taffeta Silk Petticoats

in black. colored and white, including a number of ems
broidered flounces in black, also white; Extra Size Petti-

coats, Black only. from $5.75 to $1 5.00,
at about % their value.

Walking Length Petticoats
-39-inch,) Black, Black and White and Colored Taffeta,

at $6.75.

Mohair Petticoats
in Black and Gun-metal with silk flouncings, at $4.75.

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway and Twentieth Street and Fifth Avenue.

 

A. A, Vantine “& Co., |

|

| ee

| M. ay < Broadway, bet. 18th & 19th Sts.
|

‘Another

Oriental Rug Chance.

The largest Oriental Rug ‘business in
the United States mean: something for
you as well as for us.

One of the things it means is low prices

when you buy here.
Ifyou are ajudge of Oriental Rug values
these figures will tall} for themselves.

3rd, 4th and Sth Floors devoted solely to Rugs
at 34,00

100 Hamadi and Sara Sula Rugs,

Averayre size 3x4 ft

150 Antique Silky Pokhare Rugs, at
Average size 3x4 ft. $8,000. 9,00, $10,00

150 Fine Daghestan Rugs, at
Average size 3.65 ft. $10.00 and $]2 50

125 Antique Mosul and Svenaiie Bue at
Average size 4x ft. $15,00

250 Antique Persian Rugs, at
(Slightly imperfect.) Average size xf to6x1SIl BO OO to $75. oo
150 Turkish Bagdads, at : : $2,25

Suitable tor Portieres and Couch Covers,

.

| J WCAAABAARARArADAABRAIA

' NLS en nha mhahen etthe amie tha who S/NTVIVIN
;

 

| —— -— >
| H. BG. Claflin House to Become a Faintly Bag Seven of Shinginnious Gang.

| Hotel, WILKEEBARRE, Pa., March  19.--(frief
The house at 55-57 Pierrepont street, | Jones and twelve officers of this city
| Brooklyn, long the home of the late H. B. | captured seven men of a gang which ie
| Claflin, and the entire furnishings have | suspected of many highway robberies
| been purchased by Miss Sarah Furst and | ar d burglaries. Three have already been

identified by their vietims
he police went to Sugar Notch in a
special cnr at 4 o'clock this morning and

| Miss Emily Irving Smith, who for ten years nl
‘have conducted a fashionable bo arding |
house at 133 Remsen street, formerly 4

| residence of the late Henry C, Murphy. | got to the bedsides of most of the men
The Claflin building will be opened as a| before they were fully awake, making
family hotel on May 4. @ach capture without firing a shot.

| ©
(

ei Aas

as

BS fee ee hee kL

€