Mink to eek, Sd

eat ogiia debated

 

i
#
t

eta kh lore tanec eee ee ee meinen etn ee te

 

ree en nope —cnne

a

ro

pos

 

 

Ll A i Ae

i

+ on tee

STOLE $16,000; GOES FREE,

KRAUSE WOULDN'T PROSECUTE
HIS UNGRATEFUL EMPLOYEE,

Who Continued to Reb Him After Hav-
ing Once Been Forgiven—Pity for
the Man’s Wife Moves Employer to

 

Ask the Magistrate to Let Him Go. {

Louis Krause, a dealer in laces and silks
at 506 Broadway, accused his bookkeeper,
Benjam R. Danke of 1478. Lexington
avenue, of having robbed him of $15,000
during the last threé years and then had
the man discharged in the Tombs police
court yesterday out of pity for Danks's
wife and children,

When Danks was arraigned before Magis-
trate Whitman, Krause exhibited two con-
fessions written by Danks and said:

“I took Danks into my store years ago
and raised him from one, place to another
until he became my most trusted employee.
Whenever I left the city on a business or
pleasure trip, I left Danks in full charge
of my business. My friends all told me
that I was a fool to trust any man to such
an extent.

“Nearly three years ago, when I noticed
that I was losing goods in some mysterious
way, I had an expert accountant go over
Danks's books. He reported that he found
everything apparently straight. Other ex-
perts were no more successful and it was
not until a few months ago that I found
an error in the books which proved Danks's
crookedness.

“T immediately Gischar gee: him, but for
the sake of his wife and children I took
him back again on the understanding that
he was never again to handle any of my
cash or have a key to my store. It was
not long before | found that he had ob-
tained a key, however, and was able to
enter my place during the noon hour and
steal goods

“He secured the key which I had given to
the janitor and trom en impression of it
had a duplicate made for his own use. [
watched*him closely, and a few days ago
caught him as he was trying to carry off
$200 worth of laces and silks.

“Then I had him arrested. But now,
Judge,” continued Krause, hesitatingly,
“Iam going to make a strange request.
T ask you to discharge this poor, ungrateful
wretch.”

“Tam afraid that T would not,” said the
Magistrate. “What mukes you so for-
giving?”

“It is because of that woman,” replied
Krause, pointing to a woman who was
seated on a bench among the s tatora,
oeying over a baby she held in her arrns.
“She has another baby at home. She is an
English woman and hasn't a friend in
America, Of course, I can't help pitying
her. Besides, if Danks is sent to Stato'’s
prison I will have to take care of the woman
and her children. hat would swell my
lossesr”

“Danks,” said Magistrate Whitman, “do
you understand how you have made this
woman suffer?”

“Yes,” replied the man, hoarsely.

“Do you understand how ungrateful you
have been to the man who once forgave
you for robbing him?”

“Yes,” said Danks.

“It is my duty to hold this man for trial!
ff you will appear against him, Mr. Krause,”
6aid the Magistrate, “Will you make a
complaint against him?”

“Let him go,” said Krause.

“IT will discharge the man,” said the

istrate, “if you will promise to appear
against him if he ever gets into trouble of
envenine in the future.
this for the protection of other employers.”

Kyause said he would, and Danks then left
the court room, followed by hie wife.

DEER KILLED BY
Geveral

 

DOGS.

Instances Reported in Orange
and Sullivan Counties.

MIDDLETOWN, N.Y., March 19.—A large
number of deer are being run down and
killed by dogs throughout Orange and
Sullivan counties, and it is said that the
slaughter is almost as great as it would be
if the law permitted the hunters to shoot
the garme. There have been many car-
casses of deer found badly mangled, and
there are many instances where the deer,
pursued by the dogs, have sought the pro-

 

tection of human beings. Recently a deer |

chased by several dogs entered the village
of Warwick and ran through several streets.
A nuynber of citizens tried to capture the
anima!, but it escaped and was found dead
later near the village limits.

Another instance of the kind occurred |

when a large buck, badgered by hounds,
Tan into a farmer's barnyard and entered

the cow stables. There was an empty j pistol last night when I saw him with my ,
|

stanchion and the deer, doubtless thinking
to deceive the clogs, put its head into it
and stood perfectly still. The farmer
drove the dogs away and the deer stayed

with the cattle for several days, finally |

oing away, to be found dead in the woods
ater. Another large buck, badly wounded,
‘was seen on the farm of H. A. Tompkins,
near Maplewood. The
into a swamp, where it died.

A nurnber of these cases have been re-
Borted to State Game Protector Willett

idd, and he is investigating them, as

it is said that the dogs in many oases are |

set on the track of deer for the purpose
of driving them where the hunters could
shoot them and take the carcasses with-
out being discovered.

such hunters, however, and there have

been several cases where hunters who |

have seen dogs chasing deer have shot
the dogs.

CHASED WIFE WITH A PISTOL.

Was Shot tn the Hip by a Man He Fired At
and Then Fired at the Chief of Police.

POUGHKEEPsI!E, March 19.—Arthur Lister,
@ years of age, of Wappingers Falls, be-
came enraged at his wife last night and
ebased her through the streets with a re-
volver. She eluded him, and Lister, fancy-
fing she had sought refuge in the home
of Mrs. Ella Van Voorhis, broke in the
door of her house and appeared in the
oentre of a party of merry young people,
wild eyed and recklessly brandishing his

istol. The merrymakers scattered, but

ster rounded them up and shut the doora
to prevent their escape.
ank M. Rogers, who was upstairs
was called down by Lister and accused of
conspiring to do him injury. Lister fired
twice at him, Both bullets went wild.

 

Rogers pulled a pistol and shot Lister in |

the hip. The wounded man staggered out
of the se and before he left the premises
eaught sight of Chief of Police Fitzpatrick.

He fired at him at close range.

The bullet passed through the crown of
Lister was arrested and is |

the chief's hat.
mow in the Dutchess county jail. His
wound is serious. Mrs. Lister denied that

she had ever given her husband cause for

jealousy.

 

WHY WAS AMBULANCE HELD UP?

 

“Strive Not to Pass,’’ the Hoboes Sald,
and the Doctor Turned Back.

NEOLA, L. I., March 19.—An ambulance

of the Nassau County Hospital at this place,

with Ur. ‘Lalmadge in charge, started for
In Hempstead
into the

Hempstead this morning.
avenue three men sprang out
road and called on the doctor to stop.

The driver pulled up the horse and the
dootor asked what was wanted. The only

reply he received was that “he could not
pass.” Finding argument useless, the
doctor ordered the driver to turn around
and come back to Mineola.

The Sheriff's office was closed, but Dr.
Talmadge hunted up Constable Breen,
who to
place where he had met the men.
ambulance started off again with the con-

stable following in a light wagon, but the

men had disappeared. Constable Breen is
looking for them. The doctor says the
men Srreanda to be tramps.

no violence, made no attempt at robbery,

and the reason for the hold-up is a mystery.

Wf ‘

rou should promise :

deer was chased .

There are few '

the doctor to drive back to the
The

They offered

AGAINST REBUILDING JAIL.

Brooklyn Has More Pressing Needs, Sa
President Littleton.

Borough President Martin W. Littleton
issued a statement yesterday concerning
the presentment of the February Kings
county Grand Jury and the subsequent
action of the Board of Health in ordering

| Sheriff Hesterberg to vacate the Raymond
Street Jail and remove his prisoners within
five days after the receipt of the notice.
Mr. Littleton says that the public, as well
as the members of the Grand Jury, have an
| erroneous impression of the condition of the
jail, having confounded the woman's jail
with the more modern men's prison.
President Littleton also makes a stand
for housing the school children in
borough who are now on half time and for
proper and comfortable care of the thou-
| sands of city employees who work in un-
sanitary and inconvenient buildings, rather
than that the taxpayers should be called
upon to spend vast sums of money for the
greater comfort of the criminal classes,
He says that. the men’s prison is in first class
condition, except for the plumbing. This
has been recently repaired and may be put
in the best possible condition for $20,000.
He said:

The women's jail is in a reasonably sani-
tary condition, but is a mere shell, and its use
for any considerable number of people should
be discontinued. I. have had a practical
engineer, a practical builder and a practica
plumber make a careful investigation of the
condition and the requirements, if any, of
the men’s jail, with theser eaults:

The engincer, Mr. Brackenridge, and the
Building Commissioner, Mr. Collins, report
that the structural condition of the jail is
good, that the structural condition of the
cella fs good, and that the ventilation and light
are good, and that there is no necessity for

tearing out the interior of the jail and re-
placing the stone cells with anything else

 

 

 

Second, 1 had Arthur .). O'Keeffe, Super-
intendent of Sewers, who is a practical
lumber of many years experience, and

Yen's Nonovan, Assistant Superintendent of
Buildings, who also is a practical plurmber
of many years experience, make an investl-
gation us to the condition of the plumbing
and the requirements if any. Mr. Donovan
and Mr O'Keeffe. report that the total
amount of money necessary to put the plumb-
ing in good condition and to make it a
perfectly sanitary and healthful place will
not exceed $29,000
When it is said that we should spend $309,000
in tearing out the stone cells and Feplaging
them with steel cells, it should not be for-
gotten that_in January of this year 29,652
children in Brooklyn were on half time in the
publie schools; and there are some who con-
tend that the recreation centres and evening
schools should be closed because of the lack
of money to maintain them: that there are
700 miles of sewers in Brooklyn, a large per-
centage of which have lost 42 per cent. of their
earrying capacity because they are clogged
with sewage, and this affects the health and
comnfort of the whole city, and for this work
] have asked already, and had a, resolution
passed in the Board of Aldermen, for $100,000

When it is said that this $300,000 should be
apent to replace these cells and when the
hue and cry is raised that some one is neglecting
his duty, it should not be forgotten that the
great mass of the Brooklyn population—
toiling men and women—are every morning
and every evening jammed into cars at the
New York end of the Brooklyn Bridge in a
most unhealthful, unsanitary and unsafe
manner, and the city stands pledged with
its credit and its honor to relieve this fright-
ful situation

Fresident TAttleton calla attention to
mere pressing needs than fail reconstruc-
tion. He says the “officers cf the borough
and the city government in Brooklyn are
scattered in rookeries and nooka, unsafe,
unsanitary and unlighted places,and the ciiy
is expending $100,000 a year rent because
of the overwhelming need ef a public build-
ing where public business can attended
to." He declares that “the cry that has
been raised concerning the Raymond street
jail is merely a cry to make the prisoners
incre comfortable, not mere healthy.”

HOT TALK TO A PRISONER.

Magistrate and Irate Father Tell Hantoon
What They Think of Him.

Ida Lehn, 22 years old, whore parents Hve
at 24 Sutton place, and Roy Huntoon, whose
wife and two children live in Paterson,
{ N. J., were in the Yorkville police court
| yesterday, charged with obtaining $40 on a

bogus che k from Edmund Webber, a
| grocer of 1066 First avenue.

The complaint charged them with getting
i the money by acting in conoert, although

 

 

the grocer had cashed the check at the re- |

{ quest of the young woman, whoee family
traded with him. The grocer said he was
willing to withdraw the complaint if he got
back his money. :

“Her father and brother are in court
{ now,” volunteered Policeman Eggers, who
arrested the pair.

Terre stepped up on the bridge and the
| Magistrate asked the elder man if he wished
| to pay the grocer so that the prisoners
might be discharged.

“Pay for that scoundrel, who stole my
: daughter?” exclaimed Lehn. “I_ would
send him to prison if I could. If I hada

aughter he would not be in court to-day.”

Then Lehn told the Magistrate that his
| daughter left home on Jan. 1 and he learned
that she spent much of her time with Hun-
* toon, but was unable te find out where she

 

the |

; and the fact

|

INGOMAR’S PROSPECTS ABROAD

MORTON F. PLANT?S SOHOONER
NEARLY READY FOR TRIP.

Changes Made to Meet Forclgn Measure-
ment Rule—British Yachtemen Discuss
Chances of Invader—Capt. Barr Will
Compete With Wringe and Bevis.

Commodore Morton Ff, Plant's schooner
Ingomar {s being got ready for her voyage
across the Atlantic. ‘The alterations that had
to be made in hil and rigging to make her
fit the English measurement rule have
been completed, the sails and rigging have
been overhauled and the yacht is being rigged
for her passage across the ocean and will
600n be taking on stores. The Ingomar was @
centreboard boat last year, but to have gone
to the other side usa oentreboarder would
have put her at a great disadvantage. The
English rule measures girth, and yachts have
to be measured with their centreboards
lowered. Toovercome this difficulty the board
was taken out and the lead lowered so that
the draught of the yacht is now sixteen feet.
A few changes were made in the rig of the
yacht, and the forecastle was made large
enough to accomodate the crew which will be
wanted when she races

Capt. Charles Barr is to have charge of this
yacht, and he has been at the Herreshoffs
frequently of late watching the worl that is
being done on the boat. Commodore Plant
is going abroad to watch his boat race, and
his representative will be C. L. F. Robinson,
who last year was the fleet captain of the
New York Yacht Club.

Just what the Ingomar will do is not known.
She made her first appearance last year, and
in races with boats of her own size she did
very well, easily defeating the Emerald,
Corona and others in the 90 foot class. These
boats, however, are not now in racing trim
and are used chiefly for cruising purposes,
so that the Ingomar did not get a fair test
of her abilities. She raced against the El-
mina, a much smaller boat, on several oc-
casions and had to allow a good deal of
time to her. Unfortunately the Elmina
was not measured according to the rules of
the New York Yacht Club and was disquall-
fled in all her races. Although the Elmina
has not been officially measured it was known
within a few seconds what allowance she
would receive in each race from the Ingomar
and in each race the Elmina would have
secured the prize but for the oversight of
those who had charge of her.

British yachtsmen are looking forward to
the visit of the Ingomar with considerable
interest, and some preparations are being
made for her reception. The Yachtemen of
March 8 says:

“As far as one can see at present, the most
interesting event in the coming sexson will
be the performance of the American schooner
Ingomar, Due here at the latter end of April
Ingomar will race through the season, com-
mencing with the German Emperor's Cup—
the racing conditions of which have bee
specially altered for her-and the Balitio
races. As so many of the crack schooners
now fly the German flag, these Baltio races
promise excellent sport, but all will probably
cross to our waters after the Kiel festival.

“The question uppermost in the minds of
yachtsmen is how Ingomar is to be met.
Undoubtedly she has been built for racing,
that Charles Barr will have
charge of her indicates that nothing will be
spared in trying to fill her cup locker. Un-
fortunately the 90-foot water line sehooner
for which Mr. Watson recently invited ten-
ders, has been built,and all eyes turn instinct-
ively to Fife's new boat building at Pointhouse
on the Clyde. She will be a much smaller

 

 

boat than Cicely and will rate probably
about Clara's size. Her only available
measurements are a water line length of

76 feet, with 20 feet beam, These dimensions
will bring her into the German 21 units class,
so that she will be considerably smaller than
Cicely, whose dimensions are water line,
92.85 feet; beam, 23.4 feet. The Ingomar's
water line length being 87 feet, with 24 feet
beam, it will be seen that Cicely is the nearest
match we haveto offer.

“Of course, among the yawls there are
many boats which could give the invader a
good run, but large mixed racing has not the
sporting attraction of class racing, and there
are now plenty of schooners to make a very
fine fleet indeed. It is impossible yet to
speak of the new schooner's chances, but. it
may be taken for granted that she will be
a fast boat. As she is _to have a Roman
stem, it {s evident that Fife is, to a certain
extent, throwing away to obtain speed It

; may be habit, and fatniliarity may alter our

|

|
|

 

' was living. She went home and took $80 !

| which he had saved from his wages during
the winter.

“She took my money for this thing here
| who left his wife and two children in Pater-
| son, and got the money from the grocer to
| help support the rascal. I wish I could
have my own way with him,” the old man
wenton,

“You are the most miserable, low-lived
{ specimen of what is called a man that I
| have ever had before tne,” said Magistrate
; Crane to Huntoon, “If IT could, [ would
' send vou to prison for life and have you
\ lashed every day.

; “The best thing to do with him is to have
| him tried for abandonment in New Jersey.
‘
\
|

The girl should be sent to some institution
until she gets cver her infatuation for the
fellow.”

The girl's brother said he would have Mrs.
Huntoon in court to-morrow and the prison-

!

| ers were held in $500 bail each until then.
|
|

 

CITS FOR THE ELSBERG BILL.

Franchise Committee Approves the City
Operation Clause.

The committee on franchises of the Citi-
| zen's Union made public yesterday a state-
ment of its approval of the Elsberg-New-
comb Rapid Transit bill and of its reasons
for supporting that measure. Of the main
provisions of the bill, that which permits
the operation of subway railroad lines
by the city,and that which limits the term
of operating contracts, the report says:
| We do not ask or expect our franchise
Sor pera Hons to be shut out from either the
! building or the operation of the rapid transit

{ plant paid for by the city. We do demand,
| however, that the law shall not remain so

 

 

 

|
|

 

|

 

 

!

|

framed that all others are shut out, and the ;

city indefinitely prevented froin. securing
the best service os experience shal) develop
it. When one reflects how obsolete now
would be the best system that could have
been planned seventy-five, or fifty, or even
twenty-five years ogo, one can see how vital
it is to avoid such surrender of the city's
rights as may soon leave it to choose between
antiquated service, or repurchase at hundreds
of million of dollars, the franchises with
which it now parts.

 

 

SHE'S NOT TO WED GILROY.

 

Mrs. Hutchinson Denies That She Is En-
gaged to Former Mayor's Son.

The reported engagement of Mrs. Anna
Clark Hutchinson of Poughkeepsie to
Thomas F. Gilroy, Jr., son of former Mayor
Gilroy, was denied yesterday by Mrs.
Hutchinson, who declared that the printed
accounts of her chance acquaintance with
Mr. Gilroy in the office of a New York
surgeon and his of
marriage were false.

“Lhe only part cf the story that is true,”
said Mrs. Hutchinson, “is the statement
that Iam about to become a Catholic.”

Mrs. Hutchinson
She directed

'

subsequent offer

is in Poughkeepsie.
her attorney, City Judge
Morschauser of that city, to contradict
the statement that she e to marry, In
the afternoon she was baptized at St
Mary's Church by the Rey. Father Daly.
Mrs. Hutchinson explained that she had
been a Catholic at heart for fifteen years,
but had not had the courage to embrace
the faith.

“*

|

 

'

standard, but few will deny that, particularly
in the schooner, the fiddle bow, from an ar-
tistic point of view, gives the boat a much
finer appearance than can be obtained with
the round cutwater

“But then, again, it may be only a ques-
tion of education, and it would, perhaps,
be wrong to anticipate great speed in the new
schooner simply on this one clue That
she is building to Lloyd's rules has been put
forward as an argument that she is not in-
tended for racing. This is erroneous, inas-
much as Lloyd's scantiings for her particular
size are not particularly heavy, and, while
this would be sufficient to damn the boat asa
purely racing one, it is not of importance in
the fast cruiser class, where all, excepting
the Americsens, are on that footing nail

robabilit¢ the defence will rest between this
Bane Cicely, and Clara, the two boats which
Jast year proved themselves the pick of the
bunch. Tt will be certainly extremely inter-
esting to see how Fife meets his old adversary,
Herreshoff, on this new ground, and the
additional zest given to the sport by the
promise of Barr's captaincy makes it doubly
60

“In these immediate waters everythin
will hinge on how Ingomar comes througt
the Y. R. A. measurement, Her fairly wide
beam and extensive sail spread leads one to
expect a considerable girth and depth, But,
although he has had _no experience of our
yresent rule, Herreshoff has in the past shown
Riranelt to be an adept at manw@uvring any
rule, and it is very improbable that Ingomar
enters on her crusade without the question
having been thought out. However, we
shall see.”

It will be interesting to follow the races
of the Ingomar, not only because she is an
American boat meeting British boata, but
beeause the races will bring together Capts,
Barr, Wringe and Bevis, who have met before
in races for tha Armerica’s Cup

Yachtsmen are beginning to make prepara-
tions for the season. Work on the Bouts
that are being built is being rushed as fast
as possible. The rotor boat men want their
craft early so as to turn their engines up
before the first races are held. These wi
be on Docoration Day at Port Washington,
the regatta being held under the auspices
of the Power Boat Association. Work on
fitting out a few boats has been started, but
no real work can be done until the weather
settles in fine. ‘The winter covers have been
loosened on some boats and on others work
is being done under sheds, At City Island
the Sea Fox, owned by Anson Phelps Stokes,
is having extensive alterations made in her
interior. The centreboard has been cut
down so that the top of the trunk is flush
with the cabin floor. This gives much more
room than the boat had formerly. Richard
Mansfield’s schooner, Amorita, is to have
a new deck and a new suit of Ratsey and
Lapthorne s sails, It is probable that she
will be raced if any of the boats in her class

; are out.

Two important meetings are to be held this
week. The delegates to the Yacht Racing
Association of Long Island Sound will meet
to-morrow night at the Arena and elect officers,
Thev will also consider the proposed chances
in the rule of measurement. On Thursday
evening the general meeting of the New York
Yacht Club will be held) The report of the
committee on the racing rules will be pasesd
on_by the members and some changer in the
bylaws will also be acted on acuin At this

! meeting the programme for the season will

}
1

 

|

 

Re framed and the date for the annual cruise
Be

Jamaica Bay yachtsmen are to race a one
design class this summer. Plans drawn
by EV. Pardessus have been accepted by
the committee having the arrangements in
hand and several yachtamen have agreed to
build) ‘The dimensions of the new boats are:
24 feet length over all, 18 feet length on loud
water line, 8 feet 0 inches beam and 1 foot
s inches draught They will carry 460 square
feet of sail

The Westhampton Country Club has an-
nounced its schedule for the season There
will be a club race on July 16. The association
regatta willbeon Aug 13. The open regatta
will be sailed on Sept. 8, and there will be
regattas for yachtswomenon July 28 and Sept
Ww

Can't Find Packing Company's Assets.

CuIcaGo, March 19,~Jobhn C, McPherson,
receiver of the International Packing Com-
pany at the stock yards, says that he fails
to find the $700,000 worth, of property, which
the company alleges it possesses and can
recover none of the assets of the company,
as it was ruined by the logs of over $1,000,000
on the Board of ‘Trade. He told Judge
Dunne in his report to-day that he had
Spent two days in unsuccessful pursuit
of the company's property

 

  
  
 

 

|
|
|
|

UNDAY, MARCH

COLUMBIA'S TRACK ATHLETES.

Candidates to Report To-morrow—Many
Good Men Haye Been Graduated.

Track athletes at Columbia will. begin
the serious work of the outdoor season to-
morrow, if the weather permits, and all
the candidates have been ordered to report
on the South Field track by Ernest Hjert-
berg, the trainer. Despite the good work
of the team in defeating Princeton and glv-
ing Pennsylvania a hard fight in the two
dual meets last year, losses by graduation
and from one source and another have
weakened the team so that there is little
hope, from the present outlook, that the
Blue and White will have a strong team.
However, there are several individual per-
formers who are likely to make a good
showing in the various dual meets and
the intercollegiate ohampionships. At
present there are about 120 candidates
who have gone through the preliminary
indoor work, and who will report for the
spring work to-morrow. Most of these
are of last year’s squad, there being few
freshmen who have shown partioylarly
good form thus far.

In the sprints Columbia has lost Harold
Weekes, the football player, who won
both the short dashes in the Princeton meet.
Leo L. Leventritt, the broad jumper and
short distance man, who won the jump
against both Princeton and Peansylvania,
is still in college, and he has shown such
marked improvement in his short distance
work that he will doubtless figure promi-
nently this spring. He has the college
record of 22 2-6 seconds for 220 yards around
a turn, and will have a fair chance, Hjert-
berg thinks, for reducing these figureg.

Leventritt will be backed up by W. P. 8.
Earle and Louis F,. Kohler, the latter of
whom ran in excellent form in the inter-
collegiate championships, finishing close up
in the semi-finals to Lightner of Harvard,
in the furlong dash, in the fast time of 21 3-5
seconds. This will be Kohler’s second
year on the track, and he will need lite
improvement to be among the best at the
220. Besides this, he has been running
in great shape in the quarter mile on the
relay teams during the past indoor season,
and will prove a aes second atring man
in that event, if he ia needed. Besides
these men, H. R. Stesves, of the ‘01 track
teain and Robert 8S. Stangland, the foot-
ball captain, both of whom have negotiated
the hundred yards in 102-5 seconds, are
out for the team, and should improve in
their work this season.

Columbia's great strength this year will be
in the middle distances, as it has been for
the past two seasons. Although Ogden M.
Bishop, last year's captain, who won the

uarter mile against Princeton, and John F.
ihompscn, who was second in the same
event. have both been graduated, there are
several men who have developed during
the winter work who will nearly fill thelr
places. W. P. S. Earle, who was third in
the meet with the Tigers, is in his senior
year, and ran in the notable time of 52
seconds, indoors. last December. H.
Banks of last year’s squad ran close up to
Earle in the indoor race, and either of the
pair will probably clip 51 seconds in the
spring. Besides these, Chalmers Wood, Jr.,
and W. H. Adams are good runners at the
distance, and Columbia, besides, hasC.E.T.
Scharps, the junior Metropolitan A, A. U.
champion, who has run in 52 seconds, and
T.H. Hamilton and H. M. Beattie, the latter
two freshmen of marked promise.

Walter T. Kohn of the two-mile relay
team is among the good men lost by grace
ation. Both he and Bishop were members of
the team that ran second at Philadelphia
last spring and their places will be hard
to fill. Still, James A. Taylor and Angus
MacDonald, both of whom have run in
2 minutes for the half mile, are still in ool-
lege, together with C. A. Fulton, E. D.
Oppenheimer, A. T, Swords, M. E. Smith

 

' and W. E. Metzenthin, the football player;

|
|

|

from whom it should not be hard to get an
extra pair who would make the team a strong
one.

In the mile and two-mile events Columbia
will also be fairly stro Besides Fulton,
who won the mile against Pennsylvania,
and MacDonald, who won the two-mile race
with Princeton, there is O'Connell, who
finished second in the latter race, and who
has improved rapidly. ©. D. MacDonald,
a sophomore, is also Carry Ine, RIO0E a high
rate of speed for the mile, and R. L. Hammer-
slough, of the cross-country team, ran two
miles recently in 10 minutes 10 seconds,
which is a good performance indoors. There
are any number of good runners from the
cross-country squad, among whom are
H.,.C. Droge, A. W. Eavans, R. de C. Greene
and A. S. Hosford. Henri J. Langles, who
made a new record for the university in
the two miles last year in the spring game ,
has returned to his home in France and
will not run here this season.

In the hurdles Columbia has lost no one.
D. D. Muir, the champion low hurdler, and
N.C. Curtis, who runs over the high atioks,
are still in residence and eligible to run.
S. M. Day and R. A. W. Carleton, both
second atring men in these events, are
also out for the team, and will have their
places on the team as usual. The pole vault,
always one of the weak spota in the Colum-
bia team, loses by the graduation of H. M.
MoLintock, who won his “*C” in both dual
meets, and of Frederick B. Squaires, a
fairly good man. The only men who are
of any value inthis event are A. C, F. Perry
of last year’s team and J. H. Williams of
the freshman class, both of whom are do-
ing about 10 feet. In the high jump Co-
lumbia has Milton L. Cornell, who won
against Pennsylvania, and H. H. Barrett.
both of whom have cleared about 5 feet 10
inches. H. H. Stuhrman and W. S. Creevey,
both new men, are showing good form in
this event.

In the broad jump the Blue and White
is strong, In addition to Leventritt, win-
ner against both Princeton and Penn-
sylvania, there are T. R. Buell and E. E.
Eddingfield, both of whom earned places
in the dual meets last year. R. S. Stang-
land, who two years ago won against
Syracuse and was second in the Princeton
meet, will compete again this season.

The loss of re B. Nahhaony the college
record holder in the shot put, besides EF, B.
Bruce, is serious. H, S, Rubridge, a new
man, and J. C. Tomlinson, the track team
captain, both of whom are only fair in the
event, are the chief candidates. In the
hammer throw there are R. 8S. Smith,
last year's football captain, R. L. Von Ber-
nuth and Tomlinson, all of whom can do
in the neighborhood of 130 feet.

The schedule of outdoor events for the
track team, while not yet complete, in-
cludes dual meets with Princeton and
Pennsylvania, a practice meet with New
York University, the Princeton handicap
meet at Princeton, the Pennsylvania re-
lav games at Philadelphia and the inter-
collegiate championships, also at Phil-
adelphia. Trainer Hjertberg hopes that
with the freshmen out tryin or their
class track team, and with the material
that he now has, the work of the indoor
season will be so well supnlemented out-
doors that Columbia will develop a good
team this year.

 

Another Fast Auto Boat.

An auto boat is being built at the Lozier
shops at West. Chester that promises to figure
prominently in the races that will be held
during the coming season. In nature's work-
shop the cylinder is the perfection of light-
ness and strength; this also ie an accented
proposition in tne engineering world, and
the principle has been applied to its fullest
extent in the des:gn of this craft. At the for-
ward cockpit the hull is a cylinder, with the
sides flattened in forward until they meet in
the sharp vertical line at the stem, Goin
aft. the round section merges {nto anelliptica
midship section, widening and flattenin
more and more until the stern is reached,
the hull and deck, as usually understood,
forming one continuous, homogeneous whole,
Two cockpits are cut in the deck; the forward
one containing the engine and a seat for the
helmsman, who also has control of the inotor,
and the after one being designed for the owner
and his guests. The planking will be double,
the inside of elm and the outside of mahogany
finished bright.

The launch is 26 feet 3 inches over all, 25
feet 3 inches on the load water line, 4 feet 4
inches beam, and her extreme draught with
propeller {8 24 inches, The engine will be an
autoinobile engine weighing 549 pounds and
capable of developing 30 horse power at 1,000
revolutions per minute. The plans and
specifications for this launch were prepared
by Henry J. Gielow of this city, and her lines
and construction clearly indicate that she
will be fast.

 
  
  
 

a

 

 

NEW ARMORY TIME AND CLOSE
TO WORLD'S INDOOR FIGURES.

 

Crack Runner of Y, M. C. A. and Hall of
Yale the Star Performers—Big Crowd
at New West Side A. C. Games on Floor
of Twenty-second Regiment Armory.

At the games of the New West Side Athletic
Club, held at the armory of the Twenty~-
second Hegiment last night, R. lL. Sanford,
the crack Y. M. C. A.-runner, who had not
previously been showing to his usual ad-
vantage during the indoor season, came to
the front in stirring style.

He captured the A, A. U. half-mile champion-
ship event by nearly three yards from Charles
Bacon of the Twenty-third Regiment, and
in doing it established a new armory record

of 2 minutes 3-6 of a second, which is within
one-fifth of a second of the world’s indoor
record. The former rerimentat record was
2 ininutes 2 seconds, held by W. Kohn.

Sanford did not beat the gun, but he got
away from a half crouched position and
within ten yards was leading by a yard and
wasonthe pole. He increased his AVARIARS
steadily until he led by a good fifteen yards,
but in the last lap he allowed the others to
close up some je finished strong about
eight feet in front of Bacon, who was a yard
ahead of Pilgrim, who was the third man

Next to Sanford’s. performance that of
W. J Hall of Yale University, in the mile
and a half handicap, was the most notable
feature of the games, and Hall's run, although
it did not furnish a record, was hardly to be
rated second to Sanford’s. The Yale boy
started from the twenty-five yare mer
virtual scratch, and went throug .or arounc
the struggling file in front of him in a style
that early began to win applause.

Before the mile was finished he was in the
front and had begun to open up a gap. _He
held his pace superbly and three laps before
the finish —-there are ten laps to a mile—Hall
was leading by a full 80 yards. He won ip
robust fashion by nearly 40 yarde and the
time of 7 minutes 2 4-5 seconds was fast for
such a run, even with the 25 fous off.

‘The games included twelve good events,
all of which had filled heavily, requiring
from five to eleven trial heats, The banner
for the most points was won by the West
Side Y. M. C. A. ‘

The bicycle race furnished several spills
and in the final only two of the six that started
did not fall. They finished first and second,
Cameron, who was a close third, fell and
remounted, At the time of the second spill
in the final it looked like an easy victory for
Cameron, with Goerke, the scratch man
second, Cameron fell owing to a slip and
Goerke went over him.

The attendance at the games was large
and dancing followed the contests.

70-Yard Hand!cap--Won by Arthur J, Crockett,West
Side Y. M. C. A., 16 feet; &. J. De Lorme, Xavier
A. A,, 18 feet, second; F. H. Rivell, Yale A. A., 12
fect, third; Willlam Beckman, New West Side A.C.,
13 feet, fourth. Time, 7 2.5 seconds.

ag0- Yard A. A. UV. Champlonship—Won by R. L.
Sanford, B.C. Y.M.C. A.; Charles Bacon,Jr., Twenty
third Regiment and G. N. Y. |. A. A., second; P. H.
Pilgrim, N. Y. A. C., third; Henry Christoffers
St. George A. C., fourth. Time, 2. minutes 3-4
second.

70-Yard Novice—Won by P. M. Hulsert, New York
University; Frank D. Riley, Pastime A. C., second;
R. J. Watnwright, Thirteenth Regiment, third;
Arthur Schulz, Temple fourth. Time,
7 4-5 seconds.

440-Yard Handicap, for members of the Twenty -
second Regiment-—Won by C. J. Clarke, Company
A, 16 yards; Walter Kohn, Company A, scratch,
second; } . Wheeler, Company A, 14 yards, third;
J. Bromilow, Company |, 5 yards, fourth. ‘Time,

Forum,

 

M. | 581-5seconds.

220 Yard Novice, Public School Boys—Won by
Elmer. Rudd, School 9; J. Brown, School 80,
second; Edward Merrigan, School 77, third; Edgar
Howard, School 5, fourth. Time, 278-5 seconds.

Putung 12-Pound Shot, Handicap—Won_ by
John Sommerer, Jr... N. WOS. A. C., 10 feet, with an
actual put of 41 feet 314 inches: L. E. Feuerbach,
N.Y. A. C., scratch, second, with 51 feet 2 inches:
John Ryan, St. Bartholomew A. C., 6 feet, third,
with 45 feet 2inches; John M. Jones, P,P. Y.M.C.A.,
5 feet, fourth, with 45 feet, 449 inches,

300-yard Handicap- Won by W. KE. Finley, Na-
tlonal A. C., 24 yards; Lawson Robertson, G. N. Y.
I. A, A., 14 yards, second; S. C. Northbridge, G
Y. 1. A. A., 16 yards, third; C. B. Tippett, N. Y.
University, 24 yards, fourth. Time, 31 2-5 seconds.

600 yard Novice -Won by C. S. Grace, Columbla
University; John Doyle, Hartley House, second;
J. L, Shawn, C., Y. M,C. A, third; T. H. Hyams,
fourth. Time, 1 minute 22 1-5 seconds.

880-Yard Handirap- Won bys M. E. Johins, Jr.,
Twenty-second Regiment, 50 yards; F. Hanlon,
Mohawks, 50 yards, second; F. A. Rodger, Mott
Haven A. C., 40 yards, third: H. FE. Whitney, Pas-
ume A. C., 44 yards, fourth. Time, 2 minutes
4.5 second.

One-and -a-Half-Mile Handicap—Won by W. J.
Hall, Yale University, 25 yards; F. Lafforgue, St
Hartholomew_A. C., 155 yards, second: Harvey
Cohn, G. N. ¥Y. S. L. A. A., 30 yards, third: R. C.
Swain, Washington Helghts Y. M. C. A., 130 yards,
fourth. Time, 7 minutes 2 4.5 seconds.

Two-Mile_ Bicycle, Handicap--Won by 0. P.
Devine, National A. C., 8 yards; Jolin Beigler,
Twelfth Regiment, 140 yards, second; George
Cameron, Fighth Regiment, 140 yards, third: H. S.
R. Smith, Elghth Regiment, 80 yards, fourth.
Time, 4 minutes 53 2.5 seconds.

One-Mile Relay, Handicap Won by New West
Side A. C,, total handicap 28 yards, R. H. Lummis,
@ yards; M. Marks, 6 yards: R. Koch, 10 yards; O. F.
Luders, 6yards. West Side Y. M. C. A., total hand!
cap, 82 yards, second; R. J. McDonald, 8 yards;
G. F. Smith, & yards, P. Doll, 8 yards: A. J. Crockett,
R yards. St. Bartholomew A. C., total handicap, &

ards, third: J. J. O'Keefe, 2 yards; W. Homer,

yards; F. Breslin, 2 yards; W. Hornidge, 2 yards.
Time, 8 minutes 82 seconds.

YALE TEAM BREAKS RECORD.

Four Men Run Relay Two Miles in 7 Mine
utes 59 Seconds,

Burrato, March 19--All previous two
mile relay running records were smashed
here to-night by the Yale team when the

swift sprinters from Qld Fli triumphed over
relay teams from the University of Penn-
sylvania, Cornell and the Seventy-fourth
Regiment = Yale's wonderful team of runners
ran two miles in 7 minutes 59 seconds, clippin
10 4-5 seconds from the former indoor record
and beating the outdoor record for the same
distance by 5 4-5 seconds. This is the first
time in the history of relay racing that a
team beat both indoor and outdoor records
on_an indoor track

On March 8, in Madison Square Garden,
the same Yale team beat Columbia, reducing
the indoor record for the distance from 8
minutes 12 4-5 seconds to & minutes 9 3-5 see-
onds. The outdoor record which was broken
by Yale was established by a Pennsylvania
track team some time ago

While the Yale runners were victorious,
Cornell, came dangerously near winning
Pennsylvania and the soldiers never had a
chance It was nip and tuck between Yale
and Corneil until the last eighth of a mile
when Parsons of Yale showed a burst of spee
that sent Old Eli's colors over the tape a win-
ner by twenty yards from Cornell, with Penn-
sylvania forty yards away and the soldiers
twice that distance. With the exception of
half a lap the Yale runners led all the way,
with Cornell right at their heels, while Penn-
eylvania was trying hard to keep in the race
But when the final sprint came, Capt. Schutt
of Cornell was not equal to the task and Par-
sons of Yale carried him off his feet. The
teains were:

Yale--Capt. E. J. Clapp, S. R. Burnap, J.
F. B Parecns: aa o Dye ee:

Cornell- Capt. Schutt, D. C. Munson, B. §
oF. Mawomn n, B. Smith,

ennsylvanla-Capt, I. . Orto J. 8.
G. Gunn, A. R. Moore A OFRGB o>: TERY

Seventy-fourth Regiment —A.©. Rosenhach, W. P.
Straub, S. A. Hughes and A. H. Meyer.

 

 

CAPT. HUDSON'S FINE SCORE.

Close Competition for the Team Trophy
at the Ninth Regiment.

The final competition for the team of three
trophy was shot in the Ninth Regiment Ar-
mory last Hight, with the Krug rifle and the
new reduce CHAT KS and special bullet for
indoor practice. Capt. Walter G. Hudson
made a full score at both ranger, 200 yards
and 500 yards. The conditions of the match
were five shots at 200 yards standing and
five shots at 500 yards prone, two competitions,
the highest tggregate score in both com-
petitions to be the winners. The following
&re the scores:

FIELD AND &TAFP.

 

200 500) To. Ist Agore-
E Yds. Yds. jal. Siaceh onal
Capt. W. G. Hudson.... v2 25 50 60 100
Major John D. Walton... .21 23 “4 45 xo
Capt. John Ford...........22 24 46 42 88
68 72 140 187 277

NON-COM. STAFF.
Ord. Sergt. John Corrie... .24 “4 48 48 6
Com. Sergt. M. Ford.. 21 23 “4 47 Py
Q. M. Seret. 2. Damsaux .22 e 4 45 a0
67 «69188140276

The other scores were:
Company BH, 120, 125--254; Company G, 128, 129
252; Company E, 122, 120 261; Company Ne 124, 126-—
250; Company K, 104, 125—229

Two [Important Bouts Arranged.

A mutch has been finally arranged between
Joe Gans and Jack Blackburn, the colored
lightweight of Philadelphia. They are to
come together at Baltimore for fifteen rounds
next Friday night before the kureka A, C.
Blackburn, who 18 clever and shifty, is the
lad who outpointed Gans some time ago
Gans declared that on that occasion he
was ill and in no condition to do himpelf
justice, He is in fine trim now and expects
to put Blackburn away before the limit of
the mill. They are to have it out at catch
weights.

Young Corbett evidently figures on a vic-
tory over Jimmy Britt when they meet at
San Francisco next Friday night. Yesterday
the champion arranged a bout of six rounds
with young Mowatt of Chicago, The combat
is to take place at Chicago on April 1.

(

 

 

SANFORD MAKES NEW RECORD, | ———--22"2"2"

Are Advertised by Their Loving Users.

than a “ten spot of clubs.'’
win. Not what we say, but what “Knox" cars

They are better
always

determines their worth to you.
satished have come the verdict that for service,
for endurance, for comfort, for style, the “Knox’’
Easy to ride in, easil
elegantly construct
to freeze in winter—air cooled engine cantiot overheat
in summer —always ander control o

satisfied users

for spee
cars lead the world.

superbly designed,

luxury in a “Knox.”

TONNEAUS, SURREYS, and RUNABOUTS,

Six Styles Passenger Cars and Six Styles Commercial Cars to
Send for Catalogue.

Knox Automobile Company, Springfield, Mass.

Member Association of Licensed Automobile Manu/acturers.

eae scarcer Ge SON AED
New York Agents: Knox Automobile Co., 152 W. 38th
Paterson N. J, Agents: The Auto Shop, 450 B'way.
. Townsend, 1148

Choose From,

St.
Brooklyn Agent: A,

the driver.

For they
From thousands of

controlled,
—no water

There's

 

ford Ave.

 

NEW SWIMMING RECORDS.

C. M. Dantels Makes Fast Time in Two
Races—Yale Wins Relay.

The indoor swimming championships of
the Metropolitan Association of the A. A. U.
were held under the auspices of the New
York A. C. last night in the club's natatorium,
which was crowded with members and other
aquatic devotees, Additional interest was
lent the affair by the inclusion of two events
for colleges, and representatives of Yale,
Pennsylvania and Columbia battled for the

honors.

There were four events for metropolitan
athletes, and not only did C. M. Daniels, the
young Mercury Foot swimmer account for
two of these, but he created half a dozen new
records as well. In the quarter mile he
moved rather slowly in the eurly part of the
race, but quickened his stroke after the 300
yard mark had been left behind.

At 375 yards his time was 5 minutes 6 4-5
seconds, wiping out the old record of 5 min-
utes 7 2-5 seconds, by J. W. Spencer on Feb.
14, 1903 He continued in the same gait
to the 425-yard post, his time being 5 minutes
49 4-5 seconds, supplanting the old figures
of 5 minutes 593-5 seconds, by Charles Ruberl,
on Nov. 15, 1902. Daniels shot under the 440-
yard mark in 6 minutes 2 2-5 seconds, which
is a new American tank record, the old one
being 5 minutes 5 4-5 seconds by Daniels
himself a few weeks ago. In a bath with
eighteen turns to the distance Howard F.
Brewer of San Francisco, Cal, swam in
minutes 10% seconds on July 6, 1898

The world’s. record is 5 minutes 29 2-5 sec-
onds by Richard Cavill, at New Castle, New
South Wales, on March 2, 1903. Not being con-
tented with’ this bunch of records Daniels
continued on to the 609 yards, his time being
6 minutes 52 seconda, which is a new recor
for a bath of nineteen turns; the old one
was 7 minutes 1 2-5 seconds, by J. W. Spen-
cer in the same tank about a year ago, E.
Carroll Schaefer swam the distance in a bath
of twenty-four turns in 6 minutes 51 2-5 seC-
onds at Philadelphia on Dec. 11, 1901.

The world’s record is 6 minutes 25 2-5 sec
onds, in a bath of nineteen turns, at Walsall,
England, made by David Billington last year.
Daniels won the 220-yards in fast time.

A most exciting race resulted in the 250-
yard relay for colleges. Pennsylvania led for
the first relay, with YaJe second and Colum-
bia last, but the latter pulled Up a little and
led at the finish of the second relay, but from
thence to the finish the home college brought
up the rear. Pennsylvania showed the way
for the third and fourth relays, with Yaie
close up. Two yards from the finish Yale
and Pennsylvania were neck and neck, but
the pee swimmer managed to win by a
touch.

Yale and Columbia tackled each other in
a water polo game for the intercollegiate
championship. Matters were smooth for a
while until a Columbia plazh tore a Yale
man's hair and then the slugging began, with
Columbia coming out a good second at the
finish. Quite a commotion was caused once
by a Columbia player coining to the surface
and letting out a weird wild shriek as if some
one had tackled him underneath the water.
All through the game was a rough one and
Yale won by a score of 5 oals to 2 for Col-
umbia. Cook of Yale distinguished himself
by scoring three of the goals.

Plunge for distance, time limit, 1 minute, Metro-

olitan CHAD RISE Ps anion by . H. Adams,
New York A. C., with a distance of 62 feet 6 Inches;
George W. Van Cleaf, New York A.C,, second with
6) feet; W. E. Dickey, New York A. C., third, with

59 feet.
100 Yards, Metropolitan Char HonSh Ps ‘Won by
L. J. Goodwin, New York A. C., J. W. Spencer,

New York A. ., second: J. A. Ruddy, New York
A. C., third. Time, 1 minute 6 seconds.

220 Yard Relay Intercollegiate Champtonship—
Won by Yale with Hili, Johnson, Damon, Rogers
and Metgs: Pennsylvanta, second, with Adame,
McCary, Pearce, Cowllshaw and Weems; Colum -
bia, third, with Putnam, Clarke, ‘Trubenbach, Hal-
pin and Camp. Time, 2 minutes 88 seconds.

250 Yard Relay for New York A.C. Champion-
ship-—Won by Team A, with Crane, Adams, Handley,
Kitching and Dantels; Team C, second, with Spen-
cer, Bratton. Van Cleaf, Lawrence and Goodwin;
Team BR, third, with Ruddy, Wenck, Jr, Wahle,
Hesser and Ruberi.

440 Yard Metropolitan Championship—Won by
C.M. Danlels, New York K. A. C.: L. De B, Handley,
New York A. C., second; D. H. Bratton, New York
A. C., third. Time, 6 minutes 2 2-5 seconds, a
new American record.

220 Yard Metropolitan Chamnionship--Won by
C. M. Daniels, New York A. C.: T.E. Kitching. Jr.,
New York A. C.. second; FE. FE. Wenek, Jr., New York
A.C., third. Time, 2 minutes 50 2.5 seconds.

Equestrian Entertainment at the Dickel
Riding Academy.

Patrons of Dickel's Riding Academy at
124-180 West Fifty-sixth etreet enjoyed an
equestrian entertainment last night that
was fascinating and exciting. The riders
went through all sorts of bewildering figures
and played hard to win in the contests. The
academy was crowded and late comers had
hard work to find seats.

The first feature on the programme was
he grand entree, and in this about thirty
couples, commanded by J. F. Rankin, gave a
fine display of horsemanship. Next came
a jeu de barre in which W. L. May, Michael
Ward and C. W. Dickel, Jr., took part. Ward
rode into the ring with a horse that proved
to be a biter, and he nipped May's shirtslee ve
and ripped it from the shoulder to the elbow
He was muzzled before the game was re-
sumed. The contest was a hot one. Each
rider lost and captured a ribbon, so it was
declared a tie

The tandem riding with A. J. Davis, Francis
Prand, W. J. Grennan, R M. Palffy, ©. W.
Dickel, Jr, and P R Rasmussen, who com-
manded, was highly appreciated by the au-
dienee

The most exciting part of the evening's
Sport was a polo match between teams repre-
senting Dickel’s and Durland’s riding acade-
mies. The team representing Dickel’s was
B. Vingut, Michael Ward, C. W. Dickel, Jr.
and W.L. May. Durland's team was Marshall,
Clapp, William Montgomery, W. 8. Brindsley
ana J. C. Wilmerding. Two periods of ten
minutes each were played, At first the game
was evenly contested, each side scoring
alternately until] the score was 3 all. Then

the Durland team played a little stronger
and the half ended with the score Durland, 5;
Dickel, 8

In the second half Durland’s players had
things all their own way and made four more
goals. When the half was nearly over B.
Vingut was struck in the head with a mallet
and knocked senseless He recovered in a
few minutes and was heartily cheered when he
mounted his pony

An egg race in which Miss Carola Blatt,
Miss Katherine ©. Woodward, Miss Joujse
Coleman, Miss iertrude Stecher and Mise
irace Williams took part caused lots of fun.
Each had to ride twice around the ring earry-
ing 4 spoon by the handle with an egg resting

in the bowl, Miss Stecher won the race.
She was slow and sure and never let her
horse go faster than a walk

Quadrilles, @ pumpkin race, a war. and

Juinping were other items on the programme

he war wae a grand mélée in which the Japs
on one side tried to knock the plumes off the
heads of the Russians on the other. It was
hard to say which side won, ™N

 

 

THE WINTON MOTOR CARRIAGE COMPANT

EASTERN DEPARTMENT,

Broadway & 54th St., New York,
PERCY OWEN, Manager.

ORIENT BUCKBOARDS
$250 to
$425

eds; climbs any hill; speed 30 miles.
‘odels, $250; New 1904 Models, $425.
8 Park Place, near B'way.
Agents wanted every where,

Twos
1903

E. J. WILLIS CO.,

IRVING AUTO STATION,
128 EAST 1TH ST.
Storage; four bargains on hand; Autos rented.
Darracq 1908 24-h. p. Al shape, cheap; absolutely
perfect.

NAVAL ACADEMY CREWS.

Three Eights Now Exercising on the Severn
River.

ANNAPOLIS, March 19.—The Naval Academy
eight oared shell crews have been doing
steady work now for the past three weeks,
preparing for the races to be rowed on the
Severn River this season. Three crews
have been out on the water almost daily.
The weather has been fairly good and some
good work has been obtained. There were
about seventy-five candidates who reported
to Coach Glendon during the early part of
February, and they were at once put to work
at the machines in the gymnasium. This
number, however, has been cut down from
time to time in getting rid of the green men
until the number of aspirants for seates in
the boats is now about thirty. This number
represents the best rowing material at the

Academy.

Coach Richard Glendon has expressed him-
self as very much pleased with the work of
the oarsmen, and he expects to turn out a
winning crew for Annapolis this year. Of last
season's ‘varsity eight only three of the mem-
bera are out this season, These are
Capt. Court, who is rowing the bow oar:
Cabaniss, at present rowing stroke, and
Goss, who is still rowing No. 5. Stott will not
be allowed to row this season, on account of
a heart affection, and the other four members
of last year's crew were graduated from
the academy with the first class in February
Jast. ‘The new fourth class has presented
several candidates this year who give promise
of developing into good oarsmen. Among
them are Bradley, who is rowing No. 6 in the
"varsity boat, and Adams, who is being tried
at No. 2in the second crew.

Three races have been arranged for the
crews, two of which will be four-cornered
events. The dates are as follows: April 89,
University of Pennsylvania, first and second
crews; May 7, Yale, 'varsity: May 21, George-
town, ‘varsity and freshinen. No races have
been arranged for the third crew. The third
crew men are kept at work for the purpose
of filling any vacancies that may occur inthe
other boats,

At present the men are rowing as follows:

‘Varsity—Cabaniss, stroke; Brainard, 7; Bradley,
6; Goss, 5; Battle, 4; Causey, 8; Pence, 2; Court,
bow; Green, coxswain.

Second crew—Coman, stroke; Laird, 7; Marston,
6; Jensen, 5; Atkins, 4; Bartlett, 8; Adams, 2; Law-
rence, bow, and Hoover, coxswain.

Third crew—Raker, stroke; Glassford, 7: Taf nder,
6; Taylor, 5; Parker, 4; Horner, 8; Johnson, %
Stevens, bow, and Peacock, coxswain.

VANDERBILT SELLS RACER.

His 39-Second Auto Bought by B. ™
Shaniey, Jr., for Summer Competitions.

The world's record holding automobile,
the 90-horse power Mercedes, with which
W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr, made a mile in 39 sec
onds at Ormond, Fla, in January, has been
sold by Mr Vanderbilt. The buyer was
B. M. Shanley, Jr, of the Automobile Club,
who took pokseesion of the car on Thursday

The fact of Mr. Shanley having bought this
ear is interesting because it argues that the
powers machine will be seen on the tracks
his summer and in suchroad contests as
may be held, for Mr. Shanley is one of the
latest automobile racing enthusiasts, and
last year was entered in all the meets in the
vicinity of New York

There is an impressfon, though Mr. Shan-
ley is not responsible for it, that he bought
this fastest car in the world with the idea
of winning the Vanderhilt cup with it The
plans for the Varderbilt abe race are pro-
gressing nicely) Mr Vanderbilt said he
would give the cup ior 4 race of two or three
hundred miles on the road. The deed of gift

as been drawn up and is ready for acceptances
and the A. A. A. race committee is confident
of holding the race this summer

The law of the State permits local officials
to grant permission for a road race, and the
officials of Nassau county are anxious to
have the race held there. A course in thet
county fifty miles in length is being con
sidered) With the cars going six times “rect
this course, they would at no time be more
than nine miles from the centre, and there
would be exceptional opportunities for seein
the race at Various places in its diflereo
stages.

 

 

 

 

Hockey.

Columbia Grammar Sehool and
Salle hockey teams met Jast night In ft!
Nicholas Rink ina came of the interscholisio
leveue series. The Columbia boys had mite
ters all their own way, and won by a score
of & to 0,

Te IA

» St

 

, RAPIDLY CURED.
Correct, up-to-date treatment
gives a

Daily Improvement

Onur physicians are hospital trained, and have
had years of xperiente tn this specialty
Hours; 0-1, 5-7; Sundays, by appelntinent
MODERATE Fees

Unternational Rb edical Association,

Bristol Bidg., 500 Fifth Av., cor. 42d St., New York,

  

¢