VOL, LXXIL—NO. 83,
REOHR PLANS HIS VENGEANCE

SPEND MONEY TO PUNISH
DETECTIVE M'IVOR.

 

 

HILL

 

No byvidence That Young Insurance Man
snatched Diamond—His Story Corrobe
orated—Tenderloin Station Revela-

tlons—-His Bondsman Scared = Off,

etective Stinson McIvor of the Ten-

derioin police station, who arrested Charles
D. Reohr, assistant secretary of the Traders’
Union Life Insurance Company on Tuesday
afternoon and led him in chains to the
station house as a thief, is going to be a
busy man unless Mr. Reohr changes his
mind. When Reohr was honorably dis-
chat Be d in the Jefferson Market court
yesterday morning he went to his office at
‘1 Union Square and thought out schemes
for redress and revenge. Before night he
had resolved on these four:
A suit against the city for false arrest,
sult against Mclvor for false arrest.

charge of perjury on MclIvor's part, to
ud before the District Attorney.
{ charge against Mclvor of misconduct,
to be jaid before the Police Commissioner,

Incidentally, Mr, Reohr says that he
thinks Melvor was drunk, that he does
not believe any robbery was committed
and that the cells in the Tenderloin station
are a disgrace to civilization,

When the insurrance man was arraigned
before Magistrate Whitman he had many

ae

friends and relatives in court and was
represented by Attorney John M. Gorham.
Detective Melvor testified that he was
at the corner of Sixth avenue and Eighth
street when he saw an old man with a gray
mustache get on a northbound car. Four

nen were on the platform,
“They jostled the old man and then I

saw the defendant put his hand on the old
man’s shirt bosom and take his stud,” said |
the sleuth

“Where's vour complainant?” asked the
Magistrate

Mclvor confessed that he wasn't in court.
“Tid vou speak to the complainant at all,
or cid he charge the defendant in your

hearing with this theft?”

“No,” said the detective.
“(an vou swear that the defendant
touched the old man at all?”

Melvor hesitated a moment and then ad-
mitted that he couldn't.
teohr told his story, saying that he ran
across Sixth avenue in front of a north-
bound car in order to board it. He said;
“[ had just come from the stairs of the
elevated station at Fighth street after
seeing my sister Llizabeth to a train. She

and I had been in a fur store on Eighth
street,”

This part of Reohr's defence was corrob-
orated by Miss Reohr and by an employee

of the fur store. Reohr continued:

“At about Tenth street McIvor got in
and, putting his face close to mine, said,
‘You know me, don't you?’ 1 told him
J didn't. T smelled liquor on his breath
and, believing that to he the cause of his
actions, told him to mind his own business,
Then he accused me of stealing a diamond |

pin and seid that my ricture was in the
rogues’ gallery, When he eaid he would |
arrest me J demanded Fis authority, and he
took bis shield out of his pocket, At Thir-
tieth street he humiliated me by putting

a chain handcuff on me and then dragged |

me through the crowded car. 1 never even
faw the car in which he said the theft was
committed.”

Charles Chatterton, the conductor of the

car in question, who was called as a witness |

ly Melvor, said he did not remember seeing
Neohr at all. He did remember the gray
haired man

Policeman Tagg of the Mercer street
station said that an old man complained to

him of the loss of # diamond stud valued |

at $250
‘He refused to nake a complaint or tell
me his name,” said the cop. “He said he

had been a sheriff in Nevada or California |

for ten vears, and the folks out West would
laugh at hitn if they heard he was robbed.
] didn't see what happened on the car.”

Mclvor said that he couldn't get any
witnesses and didn't hope to find the
complainant, so Magistrate Whitman dis-
charged Reohr

Reolr remarked as he passed Melvor
en his way from court: “I think you'll get
mere publicity out of this.”

The insurance man, who is also a law-
ver. bad more to say about the case yester-
day afternoon, announcing his fourfold
campaign against McIvor and the city.

‘I'm willing to spend all the money I
and all I can gat,” he said, “to put |
Melvor where he can't do any more wrong «
of this kind. I would not feel so bitter
toward him if he had been w illing to admit,
either at the police station or in court.
that there was a possibility of his being |

istaken, but he insisted up to the end
‘hat he saw me steal this pin. It is my
ownopinion that there was no robbery at all.
Ix it reasonable to think that a man who
has lost a pin worth $250 will stay away
from court when * man accused of the theft
Is being tried?”

“Melvor was either drunk or is irre-
Fponsible. When I protested against eqing
fo the station house he said, ‘I'll put a
rope around your neck and drag you there.’
He told the sergeant that he saw me steal
the pin and the sergeant could do nothing
but lock me up under the circumstances.
Capt. Cottrell was courteous enough.

“It cost me $1.75 to send messages to my
friendsandtokeep from freezing in my cell.
] hadto pay 75 cents for food that would not
15 cents in
it cost me $1.50to keep warm. The money
went as fees tothe warden. I want to say
that that cell was the coldest, most dis-
fgreeable place I ever saw.”

Mr. Reohr was asked why Thomas Adams,
the chewing gum man, decided not to give
bail for him on Tuesday night.

“Because Mclvor talked to shim and made
Me out a_ deliberate thief,” said Reohr.

“He told Mr. Adams that he knew of a
timilar case in which the accused man
Jumped his bond.”

Detective Mclvor was asked last night if
he expected to find the mysterious *oom-

more

have

Cost

plait nant." He seemed to have little hope
o if Capt. Cottrell suggested that it
might be a stranger in the city who would
‘urn up later. He said he did not believe

that Melvor was ‘drank when be arrested
Keohr. ‘The detective was on his way to
the mation house from the Jefferson Market
cour

Meclvor has been attached to the Weat
Thirtieth street station since 1897, He
‘ssisted Supt. MacFarlane of the Anti-
Policy Society in the arrest of the negro
who afterward shot and killed MacFarlane
in the Criminal Courts Building in June,
1403, and he captured the murderer.
ns ver was concerned with Detective
lockstader in the arrest of the creepers
“ho operated at 252 Fifth avenue last

us is @ husky fellow, with a reputation for
ravery .

an ordinary beanery., |

BEEF TRUST INV \VESTIGATION.

Special Agent From Washington Makin
New Inquiries in Hansas City.
| Kansas City, Nov. 23—The Depart-
ment of Commerce and Labor in Washing-
ton is investigating here the charges fre-
quently made that the packing companies
have a combine. One man was in Kansas
City a month last summer and spent an-
other month with the cattlemen. His
report gave many facts, but they were not
exactly the specific facts needed for the
trial of an important case.

A week ago T. A. Carroll, a special agent
of the Bureau of Corporations in the Depart-
ment of Commerce and Labor, came to
Kansas City. He had the notes of his pre-
decessor, but he came to see what the
butchers and others who are complaining
against the packers, were prepared to
prove. Mr. Carroll went about his work
quietly, and only those he had actual busi-
ness with knew he was bere until he left
to-day.

He called on some of the packers and
took their price lists and visited butchers
who were called on to furnish receipted
bills and other information that might be
of use in a trial for violating the anti-trust
law. Mr. Carroll will return after he has
seen some of the cattle raisers who furnished
information to his his s predecessor.

OU TRAGES IN- MACEDONIA.

Greek Men, Women and Children Tortured
and Burned Alive.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 23.—Official advices |
have been received at the State Depart-
ment indicating that the situation in Mace-
donia is about as bad as it could be. The
| identity of the person reporting to the De-
Partment is not disclosed, as his usefulness

 

 

known to the Turkish Government. He re-
ports that Greek men, women and children
have been tortured, burned alive and other-
wise horribly treated by Macedonians and
| Burgarian bands, and that the Turks pay
little attention to the outrages, not caring
Particularly how many Christians are in-
volved, so long as no attempt is made by
the Bulgarians to slaughter Turks. The
Bulgarians, according to the report,
very careful not to kill Turks.

atory bands, who have crossed the borders |
and made raids against the Bulgarians.
The Bulgarian revolutionary committee
is alleged to be at the head of the atrocities,
and two causes are at the bottom of most
of the murders. One is a refusal to pay
blackmail to the committee and the other

 

of the whereabouts of the ravaging bands.
A reign of terror exists throughout
frontier, and conditions seem to be be-
coming worse.

 

10,000 VOTES FOR’ BRYAN,

Indiana Silver Men Purposely Invalidated
Ballots as a Protest.

INDIANAPOLIS, Nov.
crate have been making a quiet investiga-
tion into their overwhelming defeat in In-
diana in the recent election and reports
have been made to them from several! coun-
ties. It appears that in a majority of the

| precincts of the State many ballots were

cast, not with a view of having them
counted, but as a protest against the taking
possession of the party by the “reorgan-
| izera” and it is estimated that more than
10,000 votes were thus cast for Bryan, but
| not with the expectation that they would
| be counted.

| In one precinct in Monroe county there
| Were twenty-seven ballots mutilated
making the cross for a straight Democratic
ticket in the circle containing the rooster |
; and then writing the name of Bryan just
above the emblem. In Tipton county
more than 300 such ballots were thrown

out by the election boards, every one of |

them properly marked for a straight ticket

| and then mutilated by writing the name of |

| Bryan over the emblem.

It is now said that an organization was
started among Silver Democrats just before
the election to mark their ballots so as to
|‘ distinguish them and thus cause their re-
jection, but the time was so short that the

the election. /

TO NAME MISS ROBERTSON.
The President Wan ts Her (o Be Post mistress

in Muskogee, I. T.

MuskooeE, [. T., Nov. 23.
here that the President will appoint Miss
Alice Robertson, present supervisor of
| Creek schools, to be postmistress in Musko-
| gee. The President is said to have made
it a personal matter.

Miss Roberteon is a friend of Mr, Roose-
velt. It was she who furnished much of
the data in the last chapter of his book on
| the “Rough Riders.”
| the Indian Territory. Her father came
| here as a missionary when the Indians ,
| came from the Fastern States. She is a
Republican, has influential friends in the
West and has taken an active interest in
politica. She has held a Federal appoint-
ment many years. She was the only avail-
able stenographer in the Indian Territory |
when the members of the Dawes Commis-
sion came here.

increasing at the rate of $100 a year,

 

ROBBED THE WRONG MAN.
Passenger on Trolley Car Objects to Losing
#80, and Bags a Prisoner.

John Williams of 86 Throop avenue,

the rogues’ gallery, robbed the wrong man
yesterday morning, and as a result he is
now in jail. Michael McNamee of 1006
De Kalb avenue was a passenger on a
De Kalb avenue trolley car,and he objected

 

to Williams pushing him. Williams said |

he was sorry, but rather than have any
hard feelings he would get off the car. The |
car had reached Washington avenue, and

Williams jumped off. At the same time |

McNamee discovered the loss of $80

from his pocket.

“That fellow was more than anxious to
get off,” said McNamee. “I'll get off, too.”

When Williams discovered that McNamee
had jumped off the car, he ran toward Clin-
ton avenue, closely pursued by McNamee.
Williams ran into the house of Charles M.
Pratt at 241 Clinton avenue. McNamee
followed, and, grabbing Williams, lugged
him to the street. cs

Then McNamee knocked Williams down
and, sitting on his body, calmly recovered
the $80. me one in Mr. Pratt's house |

had telephoned for the police, and McNamee |

handed his prisoner over to Patrolman
Smith of the Classon avenue station. Sub-
sequently Williams was remanded to jail

to await 7 xamination next week.

Father John's Medicine Cures Colds.
. Prevents pocumonis. Fifty years in use.—Ade,

would be at an end if he should become |

are |

The Greeks have organized small retali- |

is the indication by Greeks or Bulgarians |

the |

23.—Leading Demo- |

by |

organization could not be perfected before |

-It is reported |

She was reared in |

The Muskogee post office is the largest |
In the Territory, pays $2,000 a vear and is |

Brooklyn, whose picture adorns a space in

REOHR PLANS HIS VENOBANOB] #2 7¥¢0r ireeroaros. | PRESIDENDSSOUTHBRNPOLIOY | "0" Fo" <-> | NRW YORK POSTMASTERSHIP, (™!" * “Sor¥e" neronss [pAY BEFORE YOUNG WAS SHO PRESIDENT’S SOUTHERN POLICY

1S TO

THE REPORT THAT THERE
BE A CHANGE IS UNTRUE,

 

Mr. Roosevelt Regards His Attitude Toward
the South as Absolutely Fair and That
to Change It Would Be to Admit That
He Had Been Wrong in the Past.

WASHINGTON, Noy. 23.—The report that
the President intends to adopt a new policy
in dealing with the South and the race ques-
tion, with the object of overcoming the in-
tense prejudice which is said to exist against
him on the part of the white population
in that part of the country has no founda-
tion in fact. In several little speeches de-
livered at Cabinet meetings and in con-
versation with individual members of his
Cabinet and persons who are particularly
interested in bringing about a change in |
the feeling of the Southern people toward |
him, Mr. Roosevelt has made it clear that
he regards his attitude toward the South
as absolutely fair and that to adopt a policy
of conciliatory deference would be to
admit that he had been wrong in the past.
His position is that he has given
Southern States a square deal and has
treated them with as much consideration

as he has shown for any and every other
{ part of the country.
| The President, while not showing any
| bitterness on the subject, has indicated
that he felt keenly the personal hostility
to him manifested by the people in the
Southern States. He attributes this bitter-
| ness to misrepresentation on the part of
| Democratic campaign orators and many
Democratic newspapers as to his appoint-
ments to Federal offices in the South, All
he asks is that the truth be told. He has
expressed confidence that if the Southern
people once realized how they had been
| deceived they would understand that he
| had never sought to raise the race issue
' or to encourage the negro in opposition to
| the white man, either politically or socially
/or to show preference for negroes over
| whites in appointments to office.
The President and his advisers realize
| that it will be hard for many Southerners
to understand how he can claim to be a
friend of the South and justify | his ap-
pointments of negroes to office. Mr. Roose-
| Velt's position on this point ie very simple.
He holds that where he has to decide be-
| tween two candidates—one a white man,
against whose character allegations have
| been made, and the other a negro, whose
character has never been impeached
| he will appoint the negro, granting that
he has the ability to perform the work
| required, and in all cases where both negroes
and whites are candidates he has been
guided by the comparative standing and
fitness of all the applicants from the view-
point of integrity and mentality,

|

| he decided to appoint negroes to office in
| the South he frequently deferred to the
| sentiment of the best whites, irrespective
of party, to the extent of letting them my
what offices these negroes should fill.
case cited in point is that of Dr. iene
the negro collector of customs at Char-
leston, 8. C.

When the President was at Charleston
he told the !eading men of the town that
he wanted to give Dr. Crum an office there,
but did not wish to offend the white portion
of the community by appointing a negro
to a place whose duties would be such that
his presence in it would be regarded as
extremely objectionable. In the discussion
that followed it was indicated to the Presi-
‘dent that there were certain offices to
which a negro could not be appointed with-
| out giving great offer.c, among them that of

 

It is contended in his behalf by those | The a id that
€
who know his views that in instances where | 12° Young women sal =

 

RUSH FOR CITY 33 1-28,

000,000 Sold Yesterday at an Aver

i of 102,41—Bids, onesene,eoe.”
Comptroller Grout opened bids yester-
day for $25,000,000 3%4 per cent. fifty year
city bonds. The total amount of bids
was no less than $203,260,640. There were
several bids for the entire issue, but none
was accepted, as the price did not reach
the average of the bids put in for smaller
amounts,

Some of these proposals for the entire
issue were the National City Bank and
Kuhn, Loeb & Co., whore joint bid was
101.711; Harvey Fisk & Sons and Farson
Leach 'k Co., 102,177, and Vermilye & Co
and Seligman & Co. at prices ranging from
101,10 to 102.35.

William Salomon & Co. and Lazard
Fréres, secured $23,837,750 at the aver-
age price of 102.401. Eugene Meyer & Co,
obtained $750,000 at prices ranging from
102.51 to 102.71. The highest bid sent in
was 103, at which price $20,000 of bonds

 

; were sold. Several bids for small parcels

| put

the |

 

| United Stacves Marshal, whose duties would |

| bring him into contact almost solely with
white lawye::

According to those who defend the Presi-
dent's course in the Crum matter, he was
told that the least objectionable appoint-
ment of a negro that he could make would

; ton, but, unfortunately, the office wa# not
then vacant. Shortly thereafter the
Charleston collector died and the President

| appointed Dr. Crum, believing, as he had

ticated to those with whom he has dis-
c uisned the case, that the people of Charles-
ton would find no reason to criticise his
action in view of what had been said to him,
and the understanding reachel when he
| visited that city. But the appointment
| caused a bitter feeling against Mr. Roosevelt,
| and is still cited as eviaence of his alleged
| enmity to the South.

It is possible to say with certainty that
| the President will again send the nomina-
| tion of Dr. Crum to the Senate when that
' hody meets next month. He holds that
Dr. Crum is a decent, honorable man of
ability.and that heis deserving of recogni-
tion. Inexplanation of the President's in-
tention to stick to Dr. Crum tothe last, it is
moeintained by those with whom he has
tulked that his attitude is born of a sense
of justice and is not the result of any
| bitterness or desire to be revenged for |
| the criticism to which he has been sub-
jected on account of hie support of Dr.
| Crum.

It may be a surprising statement to most
people, but, according to what Mr. Roose-
velt has said, he has appointed more white
| Democrats to Federal offices in the Southern
| States than any Republican President.
He has asserted that three-fourths of the
Federal officeholders in the Southern States
| Hethas ola by him are white Democrats,

ehas claimed with some pride that during
his administration, for the first time since
| the civil war, there has not been a single
sereloation among all the Federal office-
“Tississippi. He has cited in-

 

 

; showing how non-partisan
| h making these appointments,
n nited States District Attorney
1 for Mi i, is a gold Democrat, and

the Un tates Marshal for the same

8 ite is ‘r Democrat.

e has nm  oatained also that his judicial
ay ointmer in the South are not justly
KU jee, io criticism that partisanship

jhe: been sh a, Inthe President's opinion
th -o will! great change in the feeling |

i toward bh y Southern people if. the |

ne paper New Orleans, Montgomery
jan: Vieks for example, would print |

| lis f th ‘deral officeholders in their

| Ste app sd by him, with a statement
| te] the itics of each and whether
| he ae wh or negro.

1 ‘ree! oot is confident that with the
enc y of t! olitical campaign the truth
| Will wrastia be told, and the South will
| fine at he & been ever watchful of its
| inter ets, while giving the negro equal
| OPPerrun itd ‘or advancement, he has
nev igh 9 raise the social issue, and
wa an Ox: vation of all his acts with

| ref nor to South will prove the falsity

r che» 3 which have been made
aga hin the unprincipled politicians

in t) art c! ‘he country,

JAl! (OR 1 VUANT SON'S FATHER.
Thirs Oo:* (or First Parent Convicted
dev o New Jersey Law.

Jo evi % years old, was committed
to tk ni ail for thirty days by Police
Just 1 in Jersey City yesterday
for) ne “© compel his eleven-year-
old et ints, to attend school.

Hi , parent sent to jail in New

Jers ' th aew Truancy law. Devine's
aon n arrested several times for
playi ey" He is now in custody.
lnsist be ring Burnett's Vanilla.—Ads,

‘

be to the collectorship of customs at Charles- |

|

of bonds were accepted. One of these was
a bid for a $50 bond at 102.80, which was
in by Hannah V. Levingon. The
average price was 102.41.

RANSOM FOR YOUNG PUTNEY.

Family Declares That He Is Held a Captive
in St. Louls.

RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 23.—Persons un-
known in St. Louis are holding for ransom
Stephen Putney, Jr., whose father is a
millionaire of this city. The boy , disap-
peared on the world’s fair grounds oh Nov.
9, while escorting his sister-in-law, Mrs.
Langhorne Putney, whose handbag, con-
taining money and jewels worth several
hundred doliars, he was carrying.

Detectives were put on the trail, but for
days the mystery was not solved of how
it was possible to kidnap a man of his size
without a struggle, for although Putney
is only sixteen he stands six feet tall and
weighs 165 pounds. It was learned, how-
ever, that a pretty woman had been seen
to speak to him just before his disappear-
ance.

This strengthened the theory that he
had been lured away and it has been con-
firmed by a short, unsigned note to his
brother, Langhorne Putney, now in St.
Louis, bringing the information that Put-
ney is safe, but that he must be ransomed.

 

| Mrs. Langhorne Putney returned to-night

from St. Louis. She said that her husband
was endeavoring to open negotiations with
the boy's captors.

LINE DRAWN ON “MAGDALENE.”
Northwestern Co-eds Object to a Picture
and Have It Removed.

CuicaGo, Nov. 23.—The Northwestern
University co-eds living at Sheridan Cottage

 

| to-day demanded and secured the removal

of a print of “The Magdalene” from the
walls of the public parlor of that dormitory.
the picture
was unfit to be seen by their young men
callers on account of the semi-nude figures
represented.

Headed by the Misses Josephine Haff and |
Jennie Whipple, they went to Mrs. Harper, |
the matron, and protested against the
presence of the offending work of art, and
when it was not removed quickly enough

to suit them a committee was appointed |

to take it from the wall and to assure the
matron of their displeasure should it again
appear in the room.

ARMS SENT TO ZEIGLER.

 

Sheriff Asks for Weapons and Ammunition
to Protect Non-union Men.
SPRINGFIELD, Ill., Nov. 23.
quest of Sheriff George J. Stein of Franklin
county, Gov. Yates to-day ordered fifty
guns and 5,000 rounds of ammunition sent
to Zeigler. Sheriff Stein says he will be able
to control the situation if he has sufficient
arms. The guns were sent in charge of Co).
Shad of the Adjutant-General'r office.
Sheriff Stein reported to-day that several
shots had been exchanged between un-
identified persons and non-union employees

of the Zeigler Coal Company, with the re-
sult that several persons were wounded,

TO REFORM GIRL THIEF,
Elizabeth Jacobson Goes to Juventle Asylum
Actress Not Found.

Elizabet’ Jacobson, the 15-year-old girl
who, under various names, robbed many

 

| persons by whom she was hired and who

|
|

|

|

|
|

|

|
pest

asserts that she was directed in her thieving
by an “awfully «tylieh” actress named
Alice Werner, has been sent to the Juvenile
Asylum. Attorney Lehman, who had en-
tered a plea of guilty for her in the Chil-
dren's Court, made a strong plea for clem-
ency. He declared it was impossible for
a child of her age to construct such a story
and hang to it. The fact that no Alice
Werner could be found and that the girl
could not give the woman's address was
| not against the girl, the lawyer said, be-
cause it was natura) that the woman would
safe guard herself by not imparting such
knowledge to a child victim.

Superintendent Jenkins of the Gerry
| society said that after fifteen interviews
with the child, the society's officers had
been able to get no clue to “the mythical
Mrs. Werner,” and considered the girl
unworthy of belief.

Justice Deull said that if the girl's con-
duct warranted she might be released in
a year. Many of her victims were in court,

nd looked pleased when she was sen-
tenced

SULLIVAN COUNTY VOTES NO.

This City Cannot Locate a Sanitarium fer
Consomptives Within Its Borders,

MONTICELLO, N. Y., Nov. 23.—That New
York city cannot locate a sanitarium for
consumptives in Sullivan county was the
verdict of the Board of Supervisors this
afternoon. Dr. Darlington of the New
| York Board of Health appeared before
the board at the evening session and urged
the necessity of locating a hospital at
Mamakating. He said there were 22,000
consumptives in New York city, and that
these must have some place where they
can be cared for.

New York city, he said, was willing the
first yeat to put $75,000 into an institution
for their benefit. ie Senithe one
senting the citizens, opposed
board refused to grant his aie

THOMPSON FOR THE CABINET?

Talk of the Minister to Brazil as a Suc-
oessor to Mr. Hitchcock.

LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 23.—It is asserted
here that the Hon. D. E. Thompson, Min-
ister to Brazil, is likely to be the successor

 

 

 

to Mr. Hitchcock, as Secretary of the In-
terior in the next cabinet. If Mr. Hitch-
cock decides to remain, Mr. ompson

is to have the Mexican mission, now held
by Powell 8. Clayton. The latter is ill
and regarded as likoly to relinquish his

Mr, Thompson is a millionaire insurance
and gas man, He spent two months dur-
Me last campaign in work for the

ional committee in the Northwestern
States, and it is me that his promotion
is to be his reward.

At the re- |

       

NEW YO RK, THURSDAY, | NOVEMBER “94, JOLIXXIL=NO $5 NEW YORK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1004.—covioh uv triste Pst one Potahig sumtin PRICE TWO CENTS. — Copyright, 1004, by vias Sun aed and Publishing Association.

 

MARCUS MARKS AND W. R. WILI-
COX THE LEADING CANDIDATES,

aware Lauterbach Sees the President |
and Urges the Appointment of Marks
—The President Said He Would Not De-
cide Till He Had Seen Senator Piatt.

WASHINGTON, Novy. 23.—During a con-
versation to-day between President Roose-
velt and Edward Lauterbach, Congreas-
man-elect Herbert Parsons and Nevada N.
Stranahan, Collector of the Port of New
York, it became known that the two leading
candidates forthe New York Postmaster-
ship were Marcus M. Marks and William
R. Willcox, and that unless something un-
foreseen should arise one s them would
be appointed,

While the President rented what he
had said so many times to those with whom
he has discussed the question, that he
would not select Postmaster Van Cott's
successor until he had consulted Senator
Platt, his hearers obtained the impression
that he favored Mr. Marks. It came out
in conversation, however, that Senator
Platt had indicated that he had some ob-
jection to Mr. Marks's’ appointment. The
grounds for thin objection were not stated,
but the idea was gathered by those at the
conference that Senator Platt thinks Mr.
Marks is not closely enough identified with
the Republican organization in New York
to justify his selection for this important
office and that Mr. Platt prefers Mr. Willcox
on account of his greater political activity
and his record as Park Commissioner.

Messrs. Lauterbach, Stranahan and Par-
sons were the guests of the President and
Mrs. Roosevelt at luncheon. The President
particularly wanted to talk with Mr. Lauter-
bach about the New York Postmastership,
and several days ago invited him to come
to luncheon.

Mr. Lauterbach told the President that
he was for Mr. Marks, and he pointed out
that not only were Mr. Marks’s associates
in the clothing trade in favor of him, but
the labor interests identified with the making
of clothing were also supporting his can-
didacy.

The President showed that he knew a
great deal about Mr. Marks and was im-
pressed with his ability as a business man.
He indicated that he wanted a good busi-
ness man at the head of the New York Post
Office He mace it plain alsothat he would
do everything within his power to prevent
a factional fight over the appointment.

One thing that came out at the confer-
ence was that Gov. Odell was not a factor
in the postmastership contest. Mr TLau-
terbach said after he left the White House
that Gov. Odell was not taking any part in
the case, Mr. Lauterbach returned to New
York this evening.

Lucien L. Rotheur, chairman of the Re-
publican committee of the Twenty-sixth
Assembly district, also called on the Presi-
dent to-day to recommend Marcus M. Marke
for the New York Postmastership.

HE SPEAKS FOR HIS CABINET

The President Thinks That They should
Not Be Asked to Deliver Addresses.

| WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.—The President is
| disinclined to have members of the Cabinet
| accept invitations to make public addresses,
| and 80 expressed himself to-day to a delega-
| tion from Chicago.

| The delegation was introduced by Sena-
' tor Cullom of Illinois and consisted of Wal-
| lace H. Eckman, president of the Union
| League Club; Judge C. 8. Cutting of the
Probate Court, and Mr. Sideley. They
asked the President to use his influence
to induce Secretary Hay to make an address
before the club on Washington's birthday.
Mr. Roosevelt told them he thought Mr.
Hay would be disinclined to accept on ac-
count of the State of his health and the re-
cent death of his brother. Then he ex-
pressed the wish that members of the Cab-
inet should not be asked to deliver ad-

dresses.
WAHLE, “PARK COMMISSIONER,

And Brady Going Back to His Place tn the
ot Tax Office.

John J. Brady who resigned recently as
Tax Commissioner to become Park Com-
missioner at The Bronx, will, it was learned
| yesterday, resign his new place and will be
| reappointed to the Tax Department.

Charles G. F. Wahle, the head of the Ger-

man Democracy, will be made Park Com-

missioner.
\

_|NBW YORK POSTMASTERSHIP,

 

 

 

 

job and is anxious to go back to the Tax
Department.

WIRELESS TO SIBERIA,
Pian to Jump Behring Stralt and Supple
ment It by Telegraph and Cable.
SEAITLE, Wash., Nov. 23.—Cable and
telegraphic communication with Siberia
and the Orient by way of Behring St rait
is proposed by John Rosene, managing
! director of the Northeastern Siberia Com-
ny. He intimates that if the United States
tov’ ernment will extend its eer telegraph
| line from Nome to ape Prince of Wales,
and thence establish t wireless system
across Behring Strait, bet ween Cape ce
| of Wales and Fast ( ‘ , the nearest point on
| the Siberian side, t e intervening distance
being only from twenty-eight to thirty-
five miles, the Northeastern Siberian Com-
any will build an overland telegraph
fine across northeastern Siberia, for t
whole of which it holds a concession from
the Russian Government, to a connection
with the telegraph line extending the full
length of the Trans-Siberian Railway from
Vladivostok to St. Petersburg.
This, by means of existing cable connec-
tions, would place Japan, China, the Philip-
ines, Corea, Manchuria and other Far
“ast countries, as well as all of thors of
the Continent of Europe, in cable and tele-
graphic communication with the North
and South American continents. It could be
done, Mr. Rosene pointes cut, at a much
more reasonable telegraph and cable cost
than now obtains.

GLAD RUDDER ON THE FINANCE.

Schooner Got a Tow Home for Nothing,
Lomber and All.

The three masted schooner Margaret A.
May, with a oargo of Georgia pine, arrived
yesterday from Tybee in tow of the Panama
railroad's steamship Finance, and she did
not have to pay the Finance a cent for the
lift up the coast. It was a transaction in-
volving mutual help. Finance was
crippled in a gale w ile on the way from
Colon to this port, and her rudder became
useless. The Morgan liner El) Paso fell
in with her and towed her to Savannah.
The tugs William F. McCauley and Daunt-
| Jess were sent to Savannah to bring the
| Finance here for repairs. The May, in
consideration of being hauled here, acted
| as the Finance's rudder,

 

The seventh mate of the Finance re-
marked, “The May is a good tern, and did
us one, which naturally rved another.”
Thereupon theskipper ardered the seventh
mate put in irons,

Mr. Brady does not like his new |

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1004,

Partly cloudy to-day; fair and colder to-mor
row, with fresh to brisk shifting winds.

——

"PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

O28 ME ANNOONGE BETOIS™ DAY BEFORE YOUNG WAS SHOT,

Constitutional Changes Thanges Expected
Name Day, Dec. 19.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THY SUN.

NAN PATTERSON BEATEN BY

Sr. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23.—It is rumored | BOTH MEN, YOUNG AND SMITH,

in connection with the meeting of repre-
sentatives of the zemstvos that the Czar
will announce important constitutional
changes in the direction of representative
government on his name day, Dec. 19. The
rumor cannot be confirmed.

RICHARD CROKER, « JR., WANTED.

Warrant for His Arrest f for Reckless Auto
Driving in Pennsytyania.

NORRISTOWN, Pa., Nov. 23.—Warrants
were issued by Magistrate Lenhardt here
this afternoon for Richard Croker, Jr.,
and Joseph Bunting of New York, charg-
ing them with the reckless running of an
automobile by which Mr. and Mrs, Henry
K. Walt of Wyncote were injured in a
runaway accident on Sunday afternoon
last.

The herse became frightened at the
New Yorkers’ automobile at the corner of
Greenwood avenue and Church road,
Wyncote, and upset the carriage, dragging
both the occupants, who were lacerated
and bruised about the head and body.
The horse was injured and may have to be
killed.

Mr. Walt is president of the Jenkintown
Trust C ompany.

THE

 

MAYOR IS THIRTY - NINE,

 

OmMoce Staff Send Col. McClellan 39 Roses

as Birthday Present.

terday. He spent his birthday at Lake-
wood, where he wenton Monday to stay

over Thankagiving. The staff of his office |

decided after some deliberation that the
most acceptable gift they could send to
him would be one that Mrs. McClellan also
would appreciate.

They sent to him by special messenger
thirty-nine American Beauty roses, to-
gether with a letter of congratulation which
was signed by all the members of his staff.

 

GOULD.
Howard

CASTLE

FIRE IN

Blaze in a Servant’s: Room at
Gould’s Home.

Port Wasuinaton, L. 1, Nov. 28.—Fire
started at 7:30 this morning in a servant's
room at Castle Gould, the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Gould. A candle in the
room of the assistant butler is supposed
to have set fire to the bi
the fire was discovered the whole room was
in a blaze.

There was n° one in that wing of the
building at the time, and no one in the house
knew of the fire until men who had been at
work on the grounds rushed into the build-
ing. They had discovered the fire through
smoke escaping from a window. The
workmen, with the house servants, suc-
ceeded in confining the fire to the room
where it started. Mr. and Mrs, Gould were
not at home at the time.

 

GAS METER SHOT FIRE.

| siaptoyes of the Brooklyn Union Company

Killed Looking for a Lm
*James Mullen of 93 Stuyvesant ‘avenue,
Brooklyn, employed by the Brooklyn Union
Gas Company, was killed last evening while
looking for a leak in the gas meter in the
cellar of 472 Franklin avenue, He had
been in the cellar but a few seconds when
there was an explosion and a sheet of flame
shot out of the cellar gratings and the coal
hole into the street,

An alarm was sent in and the firemen
found that the cellar was filled with smoke,
while a long stream of fire shot out from
the gas meter. At the foot of the stairs |
the body of Mullen was found. He had
been blown across the cellar about twenty
feet and was dead when carried to the street.
It is supposed that he struck a match to
light his way into the cellar, or to find the
leak.

PRESIDENT'S TRIP TO ST. LOUTS.,

|
Mayor McClellan was 39 years old yes-
I

 

He Will Start at Midnight Toenight in a
Special Train.

WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.—The President
will leave here to-morrow at midnight fer
St. Louis, where he will visit the exposi-
tion. He will travel on a special train on
the Pennsylvania road, and will be accom-
panied by Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Roosevelt,
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Robinson of New
York and Secretary Loeb.

The party will arrive in St, Louis early
Saturday morning, and the President will
spend the day in seeing the principal sights
of the fair. He will be entertained at a ban-
quet in the evening, and will make a speech,
The President will spend Sunday quietly, |
starting on the return trip late in the even-

}

|

ing, and arriving here at7 o'clock Tuesday |
morning.

One Small Mishap at

 

EAST SIDE SUBWAY'S FIRST DAY.

135th St.—Treins
Carried Good Loads.

The east side branch of the subway,
which was put in operation yeaterday morn-
ing at 12:01 o'clock, was in running order
by night. Trains were run all day, and the
only mishap occurred at 135th street and
Lenox avenue, where the coupling broke
between the third and fourth cars of a north-
bound train. The train had just pulled
out of the station at 135th street, and there
was a little excitement among the passen-
gers.

The motorman applied the emergency
brakes and brought the front part of the
train to a stop within a few feet, giving
the passengers a shaking-up. The re-,
maining part of the train, which had been
left behind, was bumped by another train,
but no damage was done, exoept that some
of the passengere were tossed about in
their seate.

The Lenox avenue branch was well pat-
ronized during the day.

PRESIDENT GETS HIS TURKEY.

It Came From the Véteran Turkey Raiser of
Westerly, BR. J., and Is a 8% Pounder.
WasHINGTON, Nov. 23.—The turkey for

the Thanksgiving dinner of the President

and his family arrived at the White House
to-day. It has been customary for the

President's turkey to put im an appearance

here several days before Thanksgiving

Day, but this year there was some delay.

As usual, the fowl is the gift of Horace |

Yose, the veteran turkey raiser of Westerly,
| R. 1., and it weighs within a few ounces

| of thirty-five pounds. It will form the
centrepiece of Mr. Roosevelt's table to-
morrow night, for dinner will be served
at the u hour of 7:30 at the White House.
| All the executive departments of the
Government will be closed in observance
| of the holiday to-morrow and the day will
be feret by ay of the Cabinet gen-
| erally in thelr ho mos. , *

bureau, and when |

 

|

|

|

|

 

It Was That Night, a Newsboy Testifies,
Smith Said to Her That “You Must Do
1t’—A Little Earlier the Pistol That
Killed Young Was Bought—Death of
Foreman’s Mother-in-Law Puts the
Trial Over Until Saturday Morning.

That the prosecution has been unable
to produce J. Morgan Smith, Nan Patter-
60n's brother-in-law, as a witness against
her in her trial for the murder of Book-
maker Cwsar Young was got before the
jury yesterday after a struggle on the part
of Abe Leyy, Nan’s chief counsel, to keep
the testimony out. It was also shown that
Smith had been with Miss Pattterson the
night before the shooting and had quar-
relled with her in front of Pabst’s Hotel at
the Columbus Circle, and struck her. The
prosecution also succeeded in showing that
on the same night, about five hours before
the shooting, Young bad parted with Nan,
sending her home in a ceb after he had
damned her and slapped ber face. Thata
tall man, accompanied by a woman, had
bought in Hyman Stern's pawnshop about
6 o'clock on the night before the shooting
the revolver found in the cab next day
also got before the jury,

An adjournment was taken at the end of
yesterday's session until Saturday morn-
ing, when the trial will be resumed. The
mother-in-law of Ellwood Hendrick, the
foreman of the jury, died on Tuesday night
and she will be buried on Friday, She was
Fannie Belden Pomroy, mother of the
president of the New York Stock Exchange,
and she died at Brantwood, N. J.

So many women got into court yesterday
that court officers called it a matinée.
Very few seemed to consider the trial a
serious matter. Women giggled and men ,
guffawed, until Justice Davis had one
laugher, a man, put out. He slso bad a
man witha camera put out.

Assistant District Attorney Rand's first
real attempt to connect J. Morgan Smith
with the case was made when he put on
the stand Manuel Stern, the son of Hyman
Stern, the pawnbroker who sold the pistol
with which Young was killed. Hyman
Stern himself was too ill to come,

Young Stern brought to court the stock
book and sales book, and Mr. Rand got
before the jury the fact that a revolver
numbered the same as the one found in
Young's pocket had been sold on June 8

| last, the day before Young was shot.

Edwerd F, Frelich, a clerk in Stern's,
testified that he had seen Stern negotiating
with a tall man and a woman for the sale
of a revolver. He identified the revolver
with which Young was killed as having
been in the store, and told Mr. Rand that
it was sold on June 3, but on cross examina-
tion was so doubtful about the date that
his testimony on that point was stricken
out.

Joseph Hewitt, a newsboy, on crutches,
was the next witness. Hewitt has a news-
paper stand at Fifty-ninth street and Eighth

avenue, He identified Miss Pattergeas oe.
saying that he had often seen her and om

she had once bought a newspaper from ri
Between 8 and 8:30 o'clock on the night’ of
June 3 he was standing in front of the Ma-
jestic Theatre, a little above Pabst's Hotel.
He was waiting for-a boy who owed him
some money, and while waiting he was
watching a game of craps. He saw Nan
Patterson and a man come out of Pabst's.
Mr. Rand showed him three pictures and
asked if they were pictures of the man,
The boy said they were. Mr. Rand had the
pictures marked for identification. This
is what the boy said he saw and heard:

“The man said. ‘You'll have to do it,’
she said. ‘I won't,’ and the man pulled
out and hit her and shoved her into a cab.”

Hewitt said he coukin't remember whether
the man hit her with his fist or open hand.

“Did the woman talk back to the man?”
Mr. Levy asked.

“She did,” Hewitt said, “but I didn't
hear her.” ,
Hewitt described the man who was with
Nan as tall, well built and clean shaven.

He said that he noticed what happened be-
eause he often saw people quarrelling
around there, and kept his eyes open.

Police Captain Sweeney was called and
identified the pictures just shown to Hewitty
as pictures of J. Morgan Smith.

Q. Did you seed. Morgan Smith on June 7?
A. Yes

Q. Where? A In the District Attorney's
office in this building.

Q. Did you see himon June sk? A. 1 did,
He was in Assistant District Attorney Gar-
van's office

In whose company was he? He
was with Mr. O'Reilly (Mr. O'Reilly is Ste of
Nan's counsel/

Mr. Rand asked Capt. Sweeney if he was
in the anteroom of the Grand Jury on
the following day, June 9. Capt. Sweeney
said he was, that Smith wasn't there, and
| that he tried to find him but couldn't. It
was brought out that Smith had been sub-
ponaed for that day. The captain said
that since then he and his detectives had
searched for Smith, but had been unable
to find him. Sweeney took from his poetics
@ warrant issued by Judge Newbur,
in General Sessions charging Smith wit th
genet of court in failing to answer a
Grand Jury subpmna. This warrant, the
captain said, he had been unable to serve,

Some of the wanderings of Young in
the early morning before his death were
described by two cabmen, John Crowley
and Albert Schneider. They both had their
cabs at the corner of 125th street and Ei me
avenue, when Schneider war called
Mr. Luce, Young's brother-in-law. Luce
was with a man and a woman. It waa
conceded by Mr. Levy that Luce’s oom-
pen was Young. Schneider said that
uuce called him over to the northwest
corner in front

of Flannery's loon.

Schneider couldn't identify Nan the
woman. The woman had a handierchief
to her eyes. Schneider couldn't hear any-
thing that was said, because Young and the
woman stood behind the cal. Luce whistled
for Crowley, who drove over.

Crowley testified that it was then almost
4 o'clock. “WhonI drove over,” said he
“I was right behind Schneider's cab Young
brought the woman up to my cab and said:
‘Get Sn there.’ She refused, and he tried
to put her in; then he slapped her in the
mouth and said: ‘If you er’ et in, I'U
knock your damned head o e@ woman

ot in the cab and Young told Crowley to

rive to the St. Paul Hotel at Sixty-firet
street and Columbus avenue, where Nan was
“— living with J. Morgan Smith.

By Mr. Rand

Did you drive there? A. 1 certainly

a. Did she say anything to you? A, No
Q. When Young abused her did she err?

A. Yes
Was she orving in the cab as you drove

| downtown to the hotel A. Yes.
By Mr. Levy
A. Yes

Q Was Young drunk?

By Mr. Rand

Q. How about the other man? A. He eare
ried it better

Q. Was the woman drunk? A. No

A juror wanted to know how Crowley
could hear Nan crying in the cab. Crowley
said he opened the trap door and looked in
and had no trouble in hearing her sob and
cry Schneiders’ cab took Young and
Lice to 1 ice's home

Luos, soups aad the roman. bad, byem |

}

 

a“

PR res eres

amie aoa

a

6 aie

Tt eae

ents

 

|
¥

FE OL IT I

—

Se i

gn terre ta se Se

|

a
A

$a

ed

a