—_—

Vol, LEXY.—NO. 321,

 

 

 

 

¢70,000,000 FINE ANNULLED.

UPPER COURT CENSURES JUDGE
LANDIS AND ORDERS RETRIAL,

 

 

Pectares There Was No Justification for
Bringing in Standard Of Co. of New
Jersey—Each Carioad Not an Offence
—Must Be Collusion im Rebates,

CHicaco, July 22.—Judge Landis’s $29,-
240,000 fine assessed against the Standard
Oil Company was set aside by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to-day in’
an opinion scoring Judge Landis and asking
whether he presumed to hold himself above

the law.
tudge Grosscup delivered the ruling of
the Appellate Court, with Judges Baker

and Seaman concurring.

The famous rebating case which a tieneted
attention by reason of the magnitude of the
fine and the severity manifested by Judge
Landis toward the defendant corporation
must be tried again, under the Appellate
Court's ruling. It is hardly probable that
Judge Landis will preside at the new trial,

although Mr. Rockefeller may be sum-
moned to reappear in defence of the com-
pany charged with acoepting illegal conces-
sions from the Chicago and Alton Railroad
on shipments of off in violation of the El-
kins law.

The opinion of the court was written by
Judge Grosscup and was concurred in by
his associates. Its principal finding was on
the score of excessive punishment, which
was the basis for the criticism of Judge
Landis.

The reviewing court ruled that from
the record of the case the assets of the
defendant company were not shown to
exceed $1,000,000 and that facts outside of
the record contributed+-to the decision to
fix the fine at the enormous amount imposed
by Judge Landis.

The court's criticism of Judge Landis is
as follows:

“Briefly stated, the reason of the trial
court for imposing this sentence was be-
cause after conviction and before eentence
it was brought out on an examination of
some of the officers and stockholders of
the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey
that the capital stock of the Standard Oil
Company of Indiana, the defendant before
the court, was principally owned by the
New Jersey corporation—a corporation not
before the court—the trial court adding
(upon no evidence, however, to be found
in the record and upon no information
specifically réferred to) that in concessions
of the character for which the defendant
before the court had been indicted, tried
and convicted the New Jersey corporation
was not a virgin offender.

“Is a sentence such as this, based on rea-
soning such as that, sound? * * * Cana
court without abuse of judicia! discretion
wipe out all the property of the defendant
before the court and all the assets to which
its creditors look in an effort to reach and
,unish a party that.ie not before the court—
a party that has not been convicted, has
not been tried, has hot been indicted even?

“Can an American Judge without abuse
of judicial discretion condemn any one who
has not had his day in court? That, to our
mind, is a strange doctrine in Anglo-Saxon
jurisprudence. No monarch * * ® has
pretended to have the right to punish except
after due trial under all forms of law.”

The decision plunges right into the heart
of the case, first reviewing the circumstances
leading up to the indictment. It says:

Comprehensively stated, the assignments
of error that we shall review relate:

1. To the view adopted by the trial court,
carried out in its rulings on the admission
and exclusion of evidence, and embodied
in its charge to the jury, that a shipper can
be convicted of accepting a concession from
the lawful published rate, even though it is
not shown, as bearing on the matter of in-
tent. that the shipper at the time of accept-
ing such concession knew what the lawful
published rate actually was.

2. To the view adopted by the trial court
that a number of offences is the number
of carloads of property transported, ir-
respective of whether each carload con-
stituted the whole or a part only of a single
transaction resulting in a shipment; and

8. Whether in the imposition of the
fine named the trial court abused the
discretion vested in the court.

One Edward Bogardus, who, being in
absolute charge of fhe traffic affairs of
plaintiff in error during the period covered
by the transactions, offered to testify that
during that period he did not know any-
thing about an 18 cent rate over the Alton
railroad, and that it was his understanding
and belief, based on what he was told by one
Holland, tariff clerk for the Alton raflroad,
that the rate over the Alton road was 6
cents and that euch rate had been filed with
the Interstate Commerce Commission. * * *

Had the Court found, as a fact, that that
sheet had been go filed, or, submitting that
question to the jury, hed the jury found
that that sheet had been so filed, the 6 cent
rate given to Bogardus admittedly would

have been the lawful published rate.

On the face of that tariff sheet no 18 cent
rate for petroleum or the products of petro-
leum appears. The 1®oent rate was only
arrived at by a process of circumlocution;
that is to say, on the face of these tariff
sheets there was found the printed
line “Governed by Illinois classification
except as noted herein.” Then by turning
to a classification adopted’ by the Railroad
and Warehouse Commission of Ilinois on
reptemner 7, 1888, it was found that pe-
troleum and its produots were eet down in
the “fifth” class; and then by turning back
to tariff sheet No. 24 it was found that the
rate set down for the “fifth class” was 18
cents per 100 pounds, and 80 out of this
process of reference and cross-reference the
lawful published rate was evolved by the
trial court to be 18 centa—not because it 80
appeared on the face of the tariff sheet but
because, by reference to other sheete—
sheets fixing not rates but classification,
and that not by the Interstate Commerce
Commission or the éarrier, but by the Illinois
Railway Commission—it could be so fig-
ured out,

This brings us to the second question:
Whether, as a matter of law, the number
of offences in the number of carloads of the
property transported, irrespectiveof whether
“ach carload constituted the whole or a
part only of an actual single transaction
resulting in a shipment.

Tbe number of offences in the present
cass should have been ascertained in ad-
cordance with the number of trans
actions. The measure adopted by the

Continued on — Page,

«BEAT
“Its Foclts bas

  

 

yaaa a

|

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    

place to-day. Gardner Hill, a

rat TIMES FOR DIAMONDS,

Syndicate Cute Expenses—Heavy
Drop tn Shares.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Gun.

Lonven, July 22.—-A despatch from
Kimberley says that it has been officially
announoed'there that the De Beers diamond
company has decided upon further re trench-
ment on account of hard times, Several
of the De Beers mines will be closed,
it is said, the last of July. This will
necessitate the discharge of more than
1,400 employees, only 200 of whom, how-
ever, are whites.

The De Beers and Premier stocks have
declined in the last year from @ to 7 per
cent.

Officials of the company say the closing
is in accordance with the policy to restrict
the output and reduce expenditures until
the market, particularly in the United
States, revives. The step, it is said, will
naturally enhance the value of the oom-
pany’s shares by raising the price of stones.

The Kimberley, Weeselton and Bulfontein
‘mines are not likely to be closed at present.
The output of the De Beers mine and the
oreny closed Dutoitspan mine was very
68 i

 

The production is never direct from the’

mines, but from the reserves of blue earth
which is acoumuldted at the top of the
mines, If all the mines closed this reserve
would supply the normal demand for two
years. Moreover, the syndicate which sells
the De Beers output holds a stock of uncut
stones worth nearly $10,000,000.

STILL RIOTING IN CHESTER.
Thousand Men Jein in Attack on Strike
Breakers’ Officer.

CHEsTes, Pa., July 22.—A street riot in

which a thousand people participated,
throwing stones and using their

 

flcer of the Chester Traction Company,
the motormen and conductors of which
have been on strike for sixteen weeks, was
badly beaten.

William Lockhart, president of the union,
was held for court to-night forthe part he
is alleged to have taken in the riot. James
A. Murphy of Philadelphia and Frank Coz
were also held.

NINE INCH BUTTERFLIES

And a Banana Eating Ant Eater in Capt.
Musgrave’s Colombian Collection.

Capt. S. Musgrave of the British army,
who had command of Lord_Roberts's ar-
mored trains in thé Boer war, arrived last
evening from Central America aboard the
Royal Mail packet Atrato after twenty
months exploration of the interior of Colom-
bia. He travelled there on muleback,
accompanied only by an Indian, He is a
naturalist and brings with him for trans-
shipment to England a large collection of
butterflies that he got from the rocks of
the emerald mines in Colombia, Some of
the specimens are nine inches across the
wings, which reflect the hues of the emerald,
He killed a fourteen foot boa, which he dis-
sected and found to be provided with rudi-
mentary hind feet, This, he says, is unusual,
the only constrictors in which the rudi-
mentary hind feet have been found being
a few pythons in Central Africa. He ob-~
tained a fine sample of Venus's flytrap, an
herb of carnivorous inclinations, feeding on
insects and with a nervous system resem-
bling that of a human being.

Capt. Musgrave said that Colombia was
dead financially and he predicted a revolu-
tion that would result in the division of
the country into three republics. He ad-
vised nobody with small capital to go to
Colombia unless he was extremely smart
and “particularly untruthful.” A big ant
eater that Capt. Musgrave took aboard
the Atrato did not have ants enough to
last it to this port, a0 they fed him on milk,
bananas and rice, which he likes so well
that the Captain thinks he may be able to
cut out the ants.

The Captain is going to be the Conserva-
tive candidate for Parliament for Radcliffe,
Lancashire.

SWINDLE INVOLVING A MILLION.

 

 

 

 

 

Many Victims of Sale of Worthiess Mining
Stocks—The Leader Indicted in Chicago.

CH10caGo, July 22.—After hearing charges
that a gigantio swindling plot by which a
gang cleared at least $1,000,000 was in
operation the Grand Jury to-day voted
indictments against J. A. French. The
evidence submitted charged that fraud
was committed by the sale of worthless
mining stock. The many victims, it was
said, included wealth business men
and banks: French, who the police say
has been the leader of the band, is the son

f minent minister of New Orleans
and Gomes from one of the best families of

that bey

has éluded capture in ev ore big
ues in the oot owls arrested in a
He has been identified b: many alleged y
tims and is wanted in at least a dozen citi eo.
Scores of arrests in different cities are
planned and the police declare that one
of the biggest swindles ever chronicled
will come to light.

French asserts that his father is one
of the most rominest ministers in New
Orleans and e family was wealthy.
He refused to ate his true name.

 

LOST MORE THAN $2,000 IN PARK.

 

Woman Left Hangbag With Money and
Jewelry on & Bench There.

Mrs. E. M. Schwab, a widow living in
the Stanley Court apartments, 301 West
106th street, reported to the police of the
Arsenal station yesterday that she had
lost in Central Park a handbag containing
$2,000 wore Of dpeeneee? 2m eee
valuable property rs. wi

been 6 and was on her .
the west drive. She “eat

t Behind her sheers

rried baok to the bench and found
wath ten?

disa) woman who
was atill sitting there ith her children
said that a man come ¥ u

after Mrs. re

left and went awa: the bag.

- a purse ho! Aa Ned a tsees
worth about $2,000, a gold pi

of me Gonyee by ‘° ee the -
to cored

mania, Be sen 1 and one other ‘bank
and five keys.

 

Mosquitoes Wing the wind From Jersey,

Mosquitoes blown over from New Jersey
were scattered over the city yesterday,

about the first appearance in Manhattan | aboard the Hamburg-Amerioan

this season of so ae Tee got to Belle-
Hospital in the evening
bers that me eae = leet, meer
dootors th aac ae of ta twelve divisions
of the hospital goon hed messengers oo

oor punk ‘atioke
a time were driven out.

pee EE aoc al an nk ihe Wiehe

“+

 

SS

“ ++NEW . YORK

  
 

   

  

in such num- | fine skinaof feat,” He: black bears that he
| tes killed pi the

, THURSDAY,
THREE SHOT ON HOTEL PORCH

ND

 

J.C. HANNAN WOUNDS GIRL A
FRIEND, KILLS HIMSELF.

 

Jumps Inte a Family Group at the Ft.
Lowry and Fires—He Thought Augusta
Wald, One of the Victims, Had Left
Him for Ralph Nanz, the Other,

John C. Hannan, a stenographer in the
avenue police court in Brooklyn,
who had an office at 150 Nassau street,
Manhattan, killed himself at the Fort Lowry
Hotel, Bath Begoh, last night, after he had
shot but not seriously wounded Augusta
Wald, a member of the hotel orchestra,
and Ralph Nanz, who had: been dancing
with Miss Wald.

The shooting took place on the veranda
of the Fort Lowry Hotel, which overlooks
Gravesend Bay at the foot of Bay Seven-
teenth street and is one of the best known
seaside hotels in this vicinity. Several
hundred guests looked on while the shots
were fired. The guests became excited and
Alfred Richardson, the proprietor, sent for
the police reserves from the Bath Beach
station.

Augusta Wald is 16 years old, and the
daughter of August Wald, a music teacher,
of 120 Bay Twenty-second street, Bath
Beach. Mr. and Mrs. Wald and their daugh-
ters, Augusta and Sabina, are known in that
section of Brooklyn as musicians. In the
gummer for twelve years they have been
the ofchestra at the Fort Lowry Hotel and
liye there. Mr. Wald and Sabina play
lins, Mrs. Wald the piano and Augusta
the ‘cello.

Hannan, who is 90 years old, lived at
8004 Bay Sixteenth street, Bath Beach,
with his mother and two sisters A year
ago he etarted taking violin lessons from
Mr. Wald. He saw Augusta frequently
and often heard her play and finally he
began paying. her attentions. Mre Wald
didn't know about the situation until about
the first of June, when Augusta complained
pe her mother that Hannan was pestering

er.

Hannan continued his attentions. Yes-
terday afternoon he went to the hotel and
told Augusta that he wanted a decisive
answer. She told him that her parents
objected and said she didn't like him well
enough anyhow. He took her refusal much
to heart, but made no threats when he
left.

At about 10 o'clock last night while the

dancing was at ita height Miss Wald left
the orchestra and went out on the ballroom
floor to dance with Ralph Nanz. He is 23
years old and the son of a real estate
pperator in Flatbush. He has been spending
he summer with his uncle, August F. Nanz,

a, clock importer in Manhattan, who lives
at 1841 Eighty-third street, Bath Beach.
and has been visiting the hotel occasionally.

Miss Wald noticed Hannan about the
hotel but thought nothing of it. After
the dance Mias Wald and Mans went out
on the veranda, wliere they weré joined
by Mrs. Wald and Sabipa and by Nanz’s
cousin.

The group were seated singing “Nearer,
My God, to Thee,” when Hannan stepped
over and fired a revolver at Miss Wald
while she had her mouth open singing.

The bullet entered her left cheek, knocked
out four teeth and went through the other
cheek, lodging in her right arm, which
she had raised to protect herself. Hannan
fired again, this time at Nanz. The bullet
struck him in the rightarm, Then Hannan
shot into his own temple and fell dead.

Mrs. Wald grasped her daughter in her
arms and helped her into the hotel corridor.
Mainz followed. Dr. John J. Voorhees of
Bay Seventeenth street and Cropsey ave-
nue found that the girl was not badly hurt
and said she could be treated in her room.
Nanz was sent to the Reception Hospital
at Coney Island. Hannan's body was sent
to his home.

Mr. Wald was organist in St. John’s
Lutheran Church in Bath Beach during the
winter and played in a Coney Island church
during the summer. Hannan joined Mr.
Wald’s Masonic lodge in June last.

Magistrate Geismar, who sits in the Fifth
avenue court, said early this morning that
Hannan was a model stenographer. Han-
nan was taciturn and had little‘to say to
any one, the Magistrate said.

 

THE POLICE SLEPT ON.

Burgtary With Breaking of Windows Does
Not Bother Church Street.

A burglary was done back of the Church
street police station early yesterday morn-
ing in which two big plate glass windows
were smashed, but the cops slumbered
through it all. The Exchange Buffet at
5 Liberty street, just around the corner
from the station, abuts on the enclosure
behind the station. When Charles Lymber,
the caterer, opened the place at 8 o'clock

cvter day pctone he found that his cash
Togister been forced open and about

$10 taken. Many ci also Neromuissing,
t

a that fe been if Tihs
this in
tr had fallen and acaashed

transom
through the rein Senet
MRS. STETSON TO WED TO-DAY.

Widew of Philadelphia Hat Manufacturer
te Marry Portuguese Count.

ParILaDELPat, July 22.—At 10 o'clock to-
morrow morning Mrs. John B. Stetson,
widow of the Philadelphia hat manufacturer,
will beoome the Countess Santa Eulalia, wife
of the Portuguese count of that name and

wes ant Consul for his country at Chicago.
will take plage at the ‘Stat.

ig > me Idro on the Qid York
i oar Gusion station, ‘tn

road, The officiat
oler,; at this wedding of a Catholic

of the int Ea, wil sab ‘ye Mer. |
w 0 y
Turner, chancellor f the Catholic ar
diocese, of Philadelphia,
is further learned that immediate!
after ceremony the count and his bride
will leave in an automobile for New York.
There will stop until Saturday, when

they will sail i urope on the Cunard
liner Carmania

Invading Sportsmen Found Some Bears
Surviving.

Baron Emi! de Pinchener, who sails to-day
steam-
ship Deutechland, takes with him several

 

 

 

He is finishing
He has taken his time,
Ff any wid and cao the wa

laces hunt h
| Fropes tre eine of pers and Tio chat
| he killed in the Far Eas

ting | John English of Redstone township,

nat Betehavitte

»~

 

 

 

JULY 28, 1606 scceuke, 1008, by The Sun Printing end Publishing Association.

; TWO HOLDUP MEN SHOOT NINE

M’LEAN-WALSH ELOPEMENT.

Daughter ef Colorado Mine Own
Flance Evade Public Display.

Denver, July 22.—Evelyn Walsh, only
daughter of Thomas F, Walsh, the Colorado
millionaire, antl Edward McLean of the Cin-
cinnati newspaper family to-day eloped
from Wolhurst, the bride's home, to Denver,
and were married at 8t. Mark's Episcopal
Church.

Mr. and Mrs. McLean then pager 3
Wolhurst, informed Mrs, Walsh of what
had happened, received her blessing and
left for Colorado Springs.

The only excuse for not having a regular
wedding as had been planned was the
dislike of both McLean and Miss Walsh for
display and publicity.

 

 

The engagement of the couple was an-
nounced in Denver on about July 2 but the
wedding was not to have occurred until.
fall.

 

METZ'S DESKS ATTACHED.

Sheriff of Queens Comes With an! Fxecution
and Can't Get Cash.

Sheriff Harvey of Queens has taken
possession of the Finance Department so
far as the furnishings are concerned. He
drifted into the Comptroller’s office yes-
terday and asked for Mr/-Metz. He saw
Deputy McCooey.

“This ain't a social call, John,” Harvey
said to McCooey, “I'm here on business and
I want $16,000,”

“The devil you do,” replied MoCooey.
“You know it's no use coming here for
money. If you want an extra appropria-
tion you'll have to wait until the Board of
Estimate meets in September.

“I don't-have to ask the Board of Estimate
for this money,” said Harvey. ‘It's to
satisfy a judgment against the city, saa
I’m here to collect ft, and if I don't get it
I'll attach the furniture.”

Then he spread out before MoCooey a
copy of an order granted by the Supreme
Court authorizing the Sheriff of Queens to
collect the judgment against the municipal-
ity for failing to fulfil a contract for the
purchase of additional land for Kissena
Park.

McCooey and Harvey made a round of
the cashiers, but there was not enough
money in the office to satisfy the judgment.
Harvey will receive a warrant for the
amount before the end of the week. Mean-
while the furniture is attached.

WANTS TO GET RID OF DOVER.

Chairman Hitehceck Awaits His Resigna-
tien, bat Thinks He Intends to Stick.
WasHinaton, July 22.—A peculiar situ-

ation confronts the Republican national

committee as a result of the evident de-

  
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

 

 

It is known for a certainty that the re-

lations between Hitchcock and Secretary
Dover are strained. A coolness between
them, existing prior to the Chicago con-
vention, became intensified as a result
of differences over the Taft candidacy
developed at that time. People here in
a position to know say that Dover more
than any one else was responsible for the
action of Chairman Harry New in dis-
missing Mr. Hitchcock from the assistant
secretaryship, which he had filled since
1901. Hitchcock's removal from the as-
sistant secretaryship followed his pres-
entation of a number of proxies at a meet-
ing of the national committee held to pass
on contests brought by the allies.
,. While admitting that there is bad blood
between Hitchobock and Dover, friends
of Dover declare tlat whatever the pres-
ent attitude of the new chairman to-
ward the secretary of the committee, Judge
Taft is favorable to the retention of Dover,
It is the expectation that Mr. Dover's
status with the committee will be deter-
mined upon the arrival here of Chairman
Hitchcock. They have not met since Mr.
Hitchcock was named chairman.

HER HIGHNESS AND HER ZOO.

The Wandering Princess Parlaghy Witil
Now Wander Homeward.

The woman who styles herself “Her
Highness the Princess Vilma Lwoff Par-
laghy” will sail to-day for Hamburg aboard
the Deutschland with her menagerie and
her suite, including “Fred M. Delius, first
attaché and secretary,” her chauffeur and
her “lady in waiting.”

The princess is a Hungarian. She at-
tempted to attend the launching of the
battleship South Carolina as one of the
invited guests, but ‘was barred from the
platform. The Mayor of Philadelphia re-
fused to receive her unless she was identified
by the Austro-Hungarian Consul. She did
not qualify. She arrived here last evening,
from Lakewood, whither she went after
| she had given good-by to the Hotel Bruns-
wick at Asbury Park because the proprietor
would not provide suitable quarters for
her menagerie.

There are special accommodations on the
Deutechland for animals otherwise than
man. Some of the princess's peta are
coyotes, crocodiles, monkeys, pelicans and
a Persian guinea pig.

CAPTURES HUSBAND IN AUTO,
How «a Fifteen-Year-Old Girl and a Seven-

teen-Year-Oid Boy Were Married.

BROWNSVILLE, Pa., July 22.—Ethel Enge |
j lish, the fifteen-year-old daughter of Dr.

 

| terday afternoon married Claude Br in-
the _ seventeen-year-old son of a
liceman. Ethel took her
s, | father’ 6 gouring oar ad. ere toa store
where was we sugar.
fled to Steubshvilie,

teen Ohio,
abou seventy eve miles, where a license |
was them, the Magistrate ea: ng
that he wouldn't perform the age
ceremony for any girl whose didn't
reach to her shi ps. Noth are Sannred,
Ethel and Claude climbed into the machi

and whirled to BS wn, Ohio, ‘here |
they were married. ey returned home |
this morning.

Re is understood from the em

hg Breckinridge that he hed no
ining the intentions of Mies English
y bit when he consented to ea
ride » around the block in her sone a auto,
and the young husband confesses that it
was not until were several miles in
the country thas told him that oe was
to be ma ae Gee fo cake}

 

over the line ate eae wu
TAKE LUNCH one tevaee pinafore
SBA ge Nes Po le sup fF CaF SRAS RAPA
f
, ee ‘ Svat A,

els 5 .* “ut
os sth) a

rr eer ne

eS

‘| ta” Forest Hilts” Ceniétery,

aim wile test his

and reloaded.
Beginning ‘in Forest Hills Cemetery,
where they were disooveréd early in the

 

SURROUNDED IN WOODS NEAR
BOSTON THEY OPEN FIRE.

 

Started by Hobbing a Saloon and Killing
@ne Man Early Yesterday Morning
—Klve Hundred Policemen Now Watch-
ing Their Hiding Place—Woman Yiotim.

Boston, July, 22.—Two bandits, having
killed one man, injured seven men and a
woman, are supposed to be hiding in Forest
Hill Cemetery, Jamaica Plain. A odt-
don of 600 police and a posse of nearly
5,000 citizens are surrounding the oeme-
tery. ,

The two men, who are known to be mem-
bers of the robber trio that murdered Frank
Drake in Winterson & McManus’s saloon on
Washington street on Tuesday night when
the place was looted, were turned aside from
what is believed to have been an attempt
to reach Station 18 at Jamaica Plain, where
@ companion, arrested yesterday, was in
oustody.

One man has been. killed. Herbert
Knox, watchman, Forest Hille Cemetery,
478 Canterbury street,shot at Canterbury
street entrance to Forest Hills Cemetery.
Died at Emerson Hospital.

The injured are Mrs. Delia Fallon of 87
Jamaica street, who was shot by ‘stray
bulleta; G. N. Fleming, Patrolman Edmund
P. Ingliss, and Patrick MoGlinn of 9%
Meehan street; Patrolman McMahon,
Thomas Moore, John Nolan, Reserve Officer
Thomas Thompson. .

Apparently for no other reason than a
desire to kill, they deliberately shot down
not only those who attempted their cap-
ture but innocent bystahders and passers
in the street_as well.

They worked together as a team, one
defending the other as each in turn fired

-

morning, they were followed into Mount
Hope Cemetery, then into Calvary Ceme-,
tery in a chase that dodged, turned, dis-
appeared, was found again and retraced all
day long. From behind gravestones, trees
and bushes they poured a fire against the
crowd behind.

Then, in the evening, when everybody
thought them still out % the open they
suddenly appeared in the heart of the dis-
trict walking slowly down toward Station 13,
per. were recognizéd en the fight began

again.

Again they ‘shot their way through the

police and bands of citizens, and at mjd-

ee were still at large somewhere in the
vicinity of the cemeteries. Around these
cemeteries are gathered forces of police
larger than ever heard of in this city before.
Every available man im Boston and from

cer towne near at hand baa been called

Pee eastntat: When:t6. ten: taougia. the
to bay
ity-five
policemen with loaded revolvers | stood
watohing at each of the three gates, while a
cordon encircled the entire cemetery.
Giuseppe de Vico, the man at Station 13,

is charged with murder and will be‘arraigned
this morning. He ia thought to be the
third desperado. Four persons who were
in the saloon at the time of the shooting on
Tuesday night say they are sure he is one of*
the three

POLICE HORSES RUN AWAY.

Patrol Wagon Pair Dash Up Fifth Avenue
Until Driver Throws Them.

The horses attached to the patrol wagon
of the Church street police station ran
away last night while the wagon was on
its way to the night court with three men
prisoners aboard, After a dash up Fifth
avenue Policeman Bishop, ‘the driver,
threw the team just before reaching
Twenty-third street. The horses took
fright at West Broadway and Bleecker
street at the noise of an dlevated train.
They ran through Washington quare.

Bishop steered clear of the automobiles
and carriages on lower Fifth avenue. At
the Fourteenth crossing he just
missed a crosstown car.

When Bishop threw the team one horse
was slightly bruised. Bishop was shaken
up and had his helmet smashed, Some
harness was broken, but no person was
burt. Other policemen patched the barness
and the patrol wagon went on to the night
court.

MASKED MEN SECURE $28,000,

Rob A Stage in California Carrying the
Wells Fargo Treasure Box.

Reno, Nev., July 22.—Two masked men
on Monday night held ‘up the Likely and
Alturas stage in Modoc county, Cal.. and
secured the Wells Fargo treasure box
containing $28,000. This money was for
the payroll of the. Nevada, California and
Oregon Railway, now being constructed
from Reno to Alturas, as well as some

coin to miners. *
The Geiwees agent, who sat on the seat

{ fugitives had finally been b:

 

 

 

 

beside the driver, was covered before he
saw the robbera, and to rer re
the box. In the darkness good de-

scription of the robbers ; could “be seoured
but they were cool and businesslike and
it was evident that they knew of the cdrry-
ing of the treasure. robbers will have
to bury the coin, as ony could not ecsape
with that weight of gol All passes from
the mountains and railroad stations are
being watched.

A. G. VANDERBILT RETURNS.

Left the Oceante at Guarantine by Yacht
for Newport.

Alfred G. Vanderbilt, who arrived yes-
terday by the White Star liner Ooceanio,
from Southampton, boarded 8. Parker
Bremer'e steam yaaht, | Velthra t Quaran-
tine and started for Newport by way of
the East River. He was eocounpes
| by G. Mifflin Wharton.

the Coounre were:

Other passengers by
| John Stuart Holden, Teloat Pail's,

 

' Portman Square, London, | wee y will preach
here at St. Bartholomew's op
| Seay Atkins, editor of me tome
8. xR ory will tea ‘ a eat, he
r @ wha was a a

H. Pine, Con Eee 2 A,
Crowninshield, Edward 1 F, &, Mply.at Mr,
and Mrs. C. W. Ware, A
’ Van Rensselaer and Mr “and Mrs, Max

 

sane wee te Fight Divorce ‘Suit,
, Nev., July 22.—Aotor E. H. Sothern
‘e's divorcee eult'and hes |
filed a dem

fered here but {t ‘means that they gilt will
in court. It is

eee Lise foi

a

rane will be

NO VETO ON CHOICE OF POPE.

Pins Said to Have Issued a Secret Bull
Abolishing Privilege of Catholic Powers.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TuR Sun,

Lonpon, July 23.—A despatch to the
Chronicle from Milan says that the Pops
has promulgated a secret bull abolishing the
privilege ‘hitherto’appertaining to certain
secular powers of vetoing the election of a
Pope, and imposing major excommunica-
tion upon any Cardinal daring 6 submit to
such a vote.

OIL

Hundred Thousand Barrels a Day De-
stroyed—Hopes of Smothering the Flame.
Tamrico, Mex., July 22.—The great oil

field fire near the San Geronimo River,
seventy-five miles southwest of here, is
still burning. So brightly is the country
lighted up by the flames at night that small
print can be easily read for twenty miles
around,

As the flames begin to subside an at-
tempt will be made to smother them. The
fire started on July 4 and the destruction
of oil since then is estimated at about one
hundred thousand barrels a day, including
several hundred thousand barrels in storage
adjacent to the well. The value of the oil
is 65 cents in gold per barrel.

The San Geronimo River and Lake Ta-
miahua have been cleared of burning oil.
A number of Americans who are stock-
holders in the Pennsylvania Oil Company,
which owns the well, have arrived at the
scene of the fire.

PEARY MAKES RAPID PROGRESS,

He Left Hawkes Harbor, Labrador, for
Greenland on July 21.
Commander Peary is making rapid prog-
ress on his way north in his ship Roosevelt.
A member of the Arctio Club received
yesterday from the explorer this despatch:
“Hawkes Harnor, by way of Venison
Island and Cape Ray, Newfoundland, July 21,
—Leaving for Greenland 4 P. M. to-day. All
well, Good weather. Peary.”

 

 

 

Hawkes Harbor is on the coast of.

Labrador about ¢00 miles south of Green-
land and the last Labrador port on the voy-
age north. Peary must be pegging along
pretty steadily, as only two days before

hte was at Battle Harbor, a port about 200-

miles south, at the head of the Straite of
Belle Isle.

MOURNING FOR ROJESTVENSKY.

Though He Isn't Dead Official Announce-
ment Was Made in St. Petersburg.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Sr. PETERSBURG, July 22.—The announce-
ment of the death of Admiral Rojestvensky,
which was made here by an official agency,
besides causing distress to his family and
friends made a mass of needless work.

The Ministry of Marine and the family
immediately arranged for a requiem mass,
which was numerously attended. Tele-
grams of condolence flowed in upon the
Ministry of Marine and the family. All the
naval attachés called upon the Minister of
Marine.

Numerous wreaths were sent to Bad
Nauheim to be placed upos. the coffin of the
‘supposedly dead Admiral.

EVERY SHOT HIT THE TARGET.

For the Second Time 7ist Company of
Coast Artiiery Makes 100 Per Cent.
WasHiInoton, July 22.—For the second

time in the last six months the Seventy-first

Company of Coast Artillery, stationed at

Fort Casey, Washington, has made a per-

centage of 100 at target practice. On June

24 last, according to reports received by

the chief o° artillery, a series of six shots

were fired in «bout five and a half minutes
at a mean range of 5,492 yards at a target

§0 by 30 feet, moving at the rate of 7.4 miles

an hour. All six shots hit the target. The

firing was done with one of the ten inch
disappearing guns of Battery Wor The
company is in command of Capt. Grefiville

Sevier. Hrig.-Gen. Arthur Murray, chief

of artillery, has recommended that Sec-

retary of War Luke FE. Wright send a special
letter of commendation to the officers and
men of the company.

STEEL MEN MEET HERE TO-DAY,

May Consider the Advisability of Putting
All the Mills on Rush Time.

PirrspurG, July 22.—All mill superin-
tendents, under officials, heads of depart-
ments, &c.. of the mills of the United States
Steel Corporation will meet in New York
at 10 A. M. to-morrow with President W.
Ellis Corey, who to-day sent out/a call for
them. It is understood that the object of
the meeting is to canvass the advisability
of placing all the mills of the big corpora-
tion on rush time at once. The mills,
according to a statement issued from here
yesterday, are now running up to 60 per
cent. of their last year’s banner capacjty,
but Corey wishes to know first hand from
the different heads just what the condi-
tions are and what the outlook for the next
few months is.

BOOMING CHINA’S FLEET,

Navy Association Receiving Large Mone.
tary Assistance In Australia.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Maz.Bouane, July 22.—-The Chinese Navy
Association, which was lately formed to
promote voluntary efforts to increase
China's fleet enormously, is proving very
successful in Australia.

Chinese merchante here and at Sydney
and Adelaide have subacribed many thou-
eands of dollars for the purpose, and women
are carrying on a vigorous campaign to
effect the same end.

THOS. F. WALSH'S PREDICTION.

He Says Taft Will Have a Walkaway in the
Weat and Will Be Elected.

 

 

 

ie in Kansas City and declares that Taft will
have a walkaway in the West.

* Colorado will go Rer*blican,” he said.
“The West may not know Mr.

but it will hear of him before Novemoer.

The railroads will

the law when Taft is President.

will have to poate Soy declarations

about th beceuse the and all cor-

that have violated the laws in

bree know just what to expect and are

kely to Taitte ee

 

in this country need ourbing d

| correcting. it will come tn te, Ube neces oan
' sary an wholesome respect for ‘the an
cane tv Vilas stin barge

Mrs. |
|
‘Sy

vag, is still unconasiets ae
little a) t ,
Frank Fe oP is aan has been aa eked

 

See

 

FIELD BLAZING 17 DAYS.’

  
 
 

THURSDAY, JOLT 23, 1008. .
Fair to-day and to-morrow; light er

winds. *

aah

PRICE TWO CENTS.

ROOSEVELT FOR
A FIGHTING NAVY

Wants to Be Able to Smash an
Opponent and Not Awalt
Attack at Home,

ee ee

NO NAVAL GUARD FOR CITIES |

 

 

Would Leave That to Coast Forts
So Ships May All Be Free to
Hunt the Enemy.

~
President Says Not to Hit Till It Is Neces-
sary and Then Hit Hard—Has Con.
tempt for Soft Hitting Man or Nation
—Sees Danger in Immigration That
May Lead to Complications Abroad
—Says Fleet's Trip ‘Round the Horn
Increased Respect for Monroe Doo
trine—Talks te the People Threugh
the Naval War College and Says It Is
the Layman He Wants te Reach.

Newport, July 22,—In an addreas deliv-
ered at the Naval War College here to-day —
before the most notable gathering of naval

experts ever held in country President
Roosevelt made a strong appeal fora
stronger navy—one able to hammer its
opponent until that opponent quits fighting,

The President declared that he spoke
only as a layman and that his appeal was
addressed less to the offloérs predent than
to the great bull of his fellow CONGEST HT
out of naval circles. .

He deolared that to aglvocate a navy for
coast defence only was to invite attack, and
that diplomacy was of value only when
resting on the substantial basis of poten-
tial force.

The President spoke for nearly forty
minutes. He was often interrupted by
applause from the 200 officers who crowded
the little lecture room.

At the close of the President's speech
there was a brief recess, and then the con-
ference, which is considering plans for thé
Americas battleshipa of the near’ future, :
went into executive session, The President * 3
was invited to attend and took a prominent
part in the discussion which followed,

The conference now meeting at the Naval
War College to discuss the plans for new
battleships shortly to be laid down and
to plan in a broad genera! way for the war- *
ship of the future has been in session for
severa! weeks. It is composed of members
of the specia) battleship committee, the
Genera! hoard from Washington, the New-
port summer conference which meetae
year, and the staff“of the Naval War
lege, headed by Rear Admiral J. P. Merrell,
who is chairman of the conference.

Never before in the history of the navy
have Rear Admiralsand junior Lieutenanta,
with all intermediate grades, met for such
free discussion and criticiam of warship
construction and armament. It is said
that the conference was brought about at
the suggestion of the President, who be-
lieved that the time had come for a frank
expression of all opiniones as to proper
battleship construction. .

CONFERENCE GORS ON.

The conference did not end with the de
parture of the President for Oyster Bay
this afternoon. It will be continued here
and at Washington until some definite
plans for the ships to be built in the near
future have been decided upon. Among
the prominent officers attending the con-
ference and present to-day are: ,

Rear Admiral C. F, Goodrich, commandant
navy yard, New York: Rear Admiral E. H. ©.
Leutze, commandant navy. yard, Washing-
ton: Rear Admiral A, R. Couden, president
Special Board on Naval Ordnance; Rear
Admiral William Swift, commandant. navy
yard, Boston; Rear Admiral T, C. McLean,
president Board of Inspection and Survey;
Capt. N. E. Niles, commanding VU. 8. 8. Han-
cock, New York; Capt. C. J. Badger, super-
intendent United States Naval Academy;
Capt. Aaron Ward, supervisor of New York
Harbor; Commander W. §. Sims, Bureau of
Navigation, Navy Department; Commander
Albert Key, inspector, Fore River Shipbuild-
ing Company; Lieutenant-Commander M. L.
Bristol, inspector of ordnance, In charge
Naval Torpedo Station; Lieutenant-Com-
matder G, B. Bradshaw, Bureau of Naviga-
tion, Navy Department; Lieutenant-Com-
mander A, L. Willard, U. 8. 8. Idaho; Lieu-
tenant-Commander H. G. Macfarland, navy
yard, Philadelphia; Lleutenant-Commander
F. A. Traut, U. 8. 8: North Carolina; Lieuten-
ant-Commander J. R. P. Pringle, Naval
Academy, Annapolis; Lieutenant-Commander
W. 8, Crosley, navy yard, New York; Lieut.
J. W. Timmons, U. 8. 8, Idabo; Lieut. P. W.
Foote, navy yard, Washington; Lieut, E. J.
Marquart, commanding U. 8. 8. Cuttlefiah;
' Lieut, D. G. Bingham, commanding U., 8. 8.

Viper; Naval Conetructor D. W, Taylor, Bue
reau of Construction and Repair, Washington;
| Naval Constructor H, G. Gillmor, superin-
; tendent constructor, Quincy, Mags.
THE PRESIDENT LATE.
Delayed by her collision with a lumber
schooner in the Sound the Mayflower,

re

| the harbor until 0:80, and it was eome minutes
| later when the firet gun from the old frigate
| Constellation, Admiral Merrell’s flagship
for the day, boomed out in salute,
Anxious eyes had been peering out ~
through the fog since early morning, and
when the usually trim littl’ Mayflower
came in with her bowsprit crumpled up

 

. [Mel
pig ee 4 ,
‘ i AP :

,
Sq
r