VOL, LXXI—NO. 210.

 
  

GIRL IN AUTO PARTY KILLED,

THROWN AGAINST STONE WALL
ON PARK CROSS ROAD.

 

Was Miss Florence Maas of the Hotel
Endicott—Two Others Thrown Out,
One Hurt—Jerome Jeager, the Owner,
Arrested—Coroners Row Over the Case.

Mias Florence G. Maas, a young woman
who lived with her widowed mother, Mrs.
Sarah Hi. Maas, and a brother at the Hotel
Endicott, was thrown from a swerving
automobile in Central Park yesterday
morning and #o badly hurt that she died
at the Endicott at 7 o'clock last evening,

Two young men who were of the party of
four in the machine were pitched out and
hurt. The steersman and owner of ‘the
machine, Jerome 8S, Jeager, a young civil
engineer, was saved by the fact that he
was at the steering wheel and kept a firm
grip on it when half of the machine was
in the air.

The accident happened while Jeager
was dodging an electric car in the Fighty-
sixth atreet transverse road in the park.

The two young men who were in the
machine are Arthur P. Green of 123 West
Sixty-second street, whom Jeager had en~
gaged to run the automobile, and Solomon
Stroock of 182 West Eighty-second street,
a friend of both Miss Maas and of Jeager.

The owner of the automobile picked up
his friends at their residences and then
started to cross Central Park through the
transverse road at Eighty-sixth street.
For much of the distance across the Park
the road is depressed from ten to twenty
feet, and a stone retaining wall runs along
on each side except where the road is
cut through rock. At such points jagged
stone bounds the roadway. There is a
double track trolley line through the road-
way, with a sidewalk about two feet wide
near each wall.

Going through the road the automobile
caught up with a trolley car going in the
same direction. Jeager decided to pass
the car, not seeing that another was ap-
proaching from the opposite direction
on the westbound track,

When Jeager turned his machine in to
the westbound track the other car was
so near that he saw he scarcely had time
to pass the eastbound car, but it was then
too late to drop back behind the car he had
followed. The best way out, he decided,
was to make a dash for It.

He increased the speed, shot ahead of
the car and then turned to the right. He
cleared both cars safely, but had to make
such a sharp turn that the machine was
headed for the sidewalk and the stone
wall.

‘To dodge this danger he gave a sudden
whirl to the steering wheel to send the ma-
chine along the eastbound track, By that
time the machine was close to the sidewall
and the front wheels grazed the ourb and
tilted so far over that the young woman
and Green and Stroock were thrown out.

Miss Maas was sitting on the right of
the front seat, and she pitched ao far for-
ward that her bead struck the wall and-she
fell back unconscious.

Green and Stroock ‘were on the rear seat,
and the latter went out first and Janded

and that

Later he was taken to the East Sixty-
seventh street police station, while the
automobile, which is a new 20 horse-
power Mercedes that Jeager had just bought
and which was unhurt, was left at tho
Arsenal.

It wasn't long before Ooroner Jackson
learned of the case and he went to the
station, At that time Miss Maas was at
the potnt of death, but Jackson allowed
Aaron J. Book of 55 East Eightieth street
to give $2,000 bail for Jeager, who thereupon
went to his home at 1938 Madison avenue,
where he lives with his widowed mother,
Mrs. Caroline Jeager.

Then Jackson went over to the Hotel
Endicott. There he met Coroner Golden-
kranz, the president of the Board of Coro-
ners, who had just been upstairs. Coroner
Goldenkranz didn’t seem pleased at Coroner
Jackson's activity. It was Coroner Golden-
kranz's case, according to the rules.

“I just admitted Mr. Jeager to bail,”
said Jackson.

“What the hell's that got to do with the
case?” Goldenkranz snapped out.

Goldenkranz then whisked out of the
hotel lobby and walked away rapidly to-
ward the elevated railroad station at Eighty-
first street and Columbus avenue. Jack-
son ran after him.

“There's another man in this case and
he's hurt,” said Jackson,

“What the hell's that got to do with the
repeated Goldenkranz, somewhat
acrimoniousiy.

Then Goldenkranz, ignoring a series of
explanations that Jackson began to sputter
ont, turned to the reporters who had fol-
lowed and said that there would be an

case?"

inquest when he had investigated further. |

‘Then he dashed up the elevated railroad
station steps with Jackson still trying to
buttonhole him.

Jeager said last night that, although he
had just bought the machine, he had already |
had five years’ experience in running atto- |
mobiles, Several times, he said, he had |
taken Mies Maas and Mr. Stroock out riding. |

New Honor for Lord Curzen.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux |
LONDON, March 27.—Lord Curzon, Viee- |

 

—_— eee

 

NEW YORK,

BLISS AS NATIONAL CHAIRM AN, FIVE MILES OF RIVER ON FIRE.

  
 

BURTON JURY STILL OUT.

No Decision in the Case of the Kansas
Senator on Trial tn St. Louls.

Str. Louis, March 27.—The jury in the
case of United States Senator Burton of
Kansas, charged with receiving compen-
sation for services performed before the
Post Office Department in behalf of the
Rialto Grain and Securities Company,
is still deliberating over its verdict.

The case was given to the jury at 8 o'clock
last night. Judge Adams of the United
States District Court reached the Federal
Building at 9 o'clock this morning, remain-
ing there until noon, At 8:30 o'clock this
evening Judge Adams telephoned to United
States Marshal Morsey and upon learning
that a verdict had not been reached said
that he would not again come down to the
Federal Building this evening and instructed
the Marshal not to receive a sealed verdict.

In consequence, the verdict will prob-
ably be presented in open court to-morrow
morning. Senator Burton, acting upon
the advice of counsel, refused to express
an opinion as to what the outcome will be,
but seemed to be buoyed up with the hope
that it would be favorable to him.

Last night the jurors remained in ses-
sion in their room at the Rozier Hotel until
shortly after midnight, when they retired.
At 7 o'clock in the morning they arose,
and after partaking of breakfast, went to
the Federal Building, remaining there until
1 o'clock, when they dined.

At 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon they
again went into sessioninthe Rozier Hotel,
and at 6 o'clock adjourned for supper,
immediately after which they again re-
sumed their deliberations and at 10 o'clock
in the evening no conclusion had been
reached.

The impression seems to be that the re-
sult will be a hung jury.

MUMPS GERM ISOLATED.

Baltimore Physician Discovers It and Is
Developing It Scientifically.

BatrMorg, March 27.—What is believed
to be the germ of mumps has been dis-
covered by Dr. Samuel Darling, resident
pathologist of the City Hospital. He has
isolated the germ, which {s unlike that
of any other disease thus far discovered,
and it remains to be shown whether it will
produce a case of mumps.

The death of a patient from mumps
unmixed with any other disease is exceed-
ingly rare, and for that reason there have
been few opportunities in the history of
medicine to perform an autopsy in the
search for the germ. Such a death did
occur in this city not long ago and the
parents of the child, it is said, requested
that an autopsy be performed. The body
was taken to the City Hospital under the
direction of Dr. William Stokes, the pro-
fessor of pathology at the College of Phyat-
cians and Surgeons.

Dr. Darling then made cultures, using
blood serum for the purpose, and the germ
appeared. It differs from the bacillus of
typhoid fever in being shorter. It occura
in pairs and it fe thicker than the germ of
tuberculosis.

The bacteriology of mumps up to this
time has been regarded as uncertain.
Although severa) attempts have been made
to isolate the germ with indifferent resulta,
in 1895 Da Vrun and Ostrin, French investi-
gators, found a double germ such as Dr,
Darling has discovered, but it was never
identified positively as the mumps germ.

PHILBIN ‘PHONES FOR HELP.

Call to Polfoe Because a Service Water
Pipe Had Sprung a Leak.

Ex-District Attorney Philbin telephoned
to Police Headquarters last night and said
that a water main had burst near the house
at 144 West Eighty-fifth street and that
a flood was imminent. The police notified
the Water Department and an inspector
was sent to the address, He found a
alight leak tn the service pipe and a few
inches of water in the cellar.

Mr. Philbin is agent for the house, of
‘whioh Dr. 8. Henry Dessau is the tenant.

“Perhaps I am responsible for Mr. Phil-
bin having telephoned to the police,” said
Dr. Dessau last night. “When I found the
leak I thought I would put it up to Mr,
Philbin pretty strong so that we would
get it repaired quickly. I telephoned
him that we were likely to have a flood
and that the sidewalk might cave in. I
guess that is why he told the police
about it.”

Mr. Philbin explained last night that
experience had taught him that the quick-
est way to get a water pipe repaired was
to notify the police because they'd put it
up to the Water Department as an emer-
gency case, while a plain citizen's, even
an ex-official's, notification to the depart-
ment might not attract immediate atten-
tion.

DROVE THE PREACHER OUT.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hymn Books Hurled at a Pastor for His
Reference to ‘‘Slaughter Ho use Religion.”

CLEVELAND, March 27.—Because the Rev,
Dr. G. A. Fisher, pastor of the Franklin
Avenue Congregational Church, accused
his parishioners of holding to a “slaughter
house religion” the services were stopped
this morning and he was driven from the
pulpit.

A week ago Dr. Fisher was served with a
notice to leave the pastorate of the church,
and this morning he preached his farewell
sermon. He took his flock to task for
accepting the Bible in its entirety and for
believing in a material hell. Then, prob-
ably because he smarted under the condi-
tions of his dismissal, he told the congrega-
tion that theirs was “a slaughter house”
religion,

Immediately there arose a dozen persons,
who interrupted the pastor, denouncing
him as an atheist and hurling their hymn
books at him. The pastor's friends rallied,
and then the attackers made a dash for the
pulpit, driving Dr. Fisher from the church,
The two factions began to use their fists
freely. Finally, conscience-stricken, the
members ceased hostilities and went home,

Dr. Fisher is a native of Philadelphia,
a graduate of Colgate University, Hamil-
ton, N. Y., and of the University of Chicago,

 

Talk of Wigwam Harmony Dinner.

A story was afloat last night that on the
occasion of the unveiling of the portrait
of John Fox at the Democratic Club to-

' morrow night Mr. Murphy would give a

dinner which would settle all talk of any
lack of harmony in the organization. Con-

|
|
|
|
|
|

 

PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT FAVORS
HIS SELECTION.

 

He Might Ald in Dispelling the Idea En-
tertained by Business Men That Roose-
velt Is an ‘Unsafe’ Man—Payne to
Retire From Committee and Cabinet,

WASHINGTON, March 27.—Cornelius N.
Bliss of New York is now being considered
by the Republican party managers as an
available man for chairman of the Repub-
lican nationalcommittee. Mr. Bliss’s stand-
ing in the business world and in the Repub-
lican party, his ability and his long experi-
ence in politics make him, it is thought, a
most fi(ting successor to the late Senator
Hanna. President Roosevelt, whose wishes
will, of course, be closely consulted in the
make-up of the new committee and the
selection of its officers, is favorably in-
clined toward Mr. Bligs, and the latter has
been to Washington several times lately
to talk over the situation.

It cannot be said that the President has
offered the place to Mr. Bliss, because the
place is not his to offer. The chairman
will be elected by the new committee to be
chosen by the convention which meets
in Chicago on June 21. It is not essential,
however, as is generatly supposed, that
the chairman of the national committee
shall be a member of it, as, indeed, Mr.
Hanna was not. The President has ex-
pressed his desire that Mr. Bliss should
serve as chairman, just as he had previously
suggested the fitness of ex-Gov. Crane
of Massachusetts, Secretary Root and Sen-
ator Aldrich. None of these men is willing
to serve as chairman for various reasons,
but each will be in close touch with the com-
mittee during the campaign.

Having already served on the committee
as a private and commissioned officer, and
having been a member of the McKinley
Cabinet as Secretary of the Interior, Mr.
Bliss would be able to take hold of the work
with all the confidence of an old campaigner
and to accomplish much toward dispelling
the idea so firmly lodged in the mind of
the business world that President Roose-
velt is an “unsafe” man,

Postmaster-General Payne is vice-chair-
man of the national committee and for
many years has been one of its wheel horses.
His services will not be available this year,
however. He isa very sick man, ill in body
and in mind, and it is the general opinion
here that Mr, Payne's political career is
about drawing to a close. He may resign
from the Cabinet now and he may possibly
hold on until after election. That matter
has not been decided. But it is an open
secret that Mr. Payne will retire soon, no
matter what the state of his health may
be. President Roosevelt has in mind the
man he will ask to be Postmaater-General,
but he is in no particular hurry to make
the change, and would much prefer, if
circumstances will permit, to let the matter
go over until fall. The necessities of the
situation, however, may make this pro-
gramme inadvisable.

Postmaster-General Payne is too ill at
present even to diecuss important business
matters, and it will probably be necessary
for him to leave Washington for a prolonged
stay in order to be restored to his ordinary
state of health. He is worried beyond
measure at the surprising and unfortunate
condition of things in the Post Office De-
partment, a condition for which, rightfully
or otherwise, he is in a large measure held
responsible. The President has the fullest
confidence in Mr. Payne's integrity, as
public men generally have. He regards
him as a man of the highest honor, but
of course he is not satisfied with the status
of affairs in the Post Office Department,
and there is no doubt that within a few
weeks, or immediately after the November
elections, there will be a new man at the
head of it.

Some one s@nt out from Washington a
few days ago the report that orders had
been issued by the Republican managers
to the faithful throughout the various
States to “Hurrah for Fairbanks,” as it
has been decided to make him the nominee
of the Chicago convention for Vice-Presi-
dent. Whatever the orders may have been
about the shouting, it is a fact that the
sentiment in favor of Senator Fairbanks
as Roosevelt’s running mate is very strong,
and the opinion general that he will win.
Fairbanks wants the nomination, notwith-
standing his coquetting when the sub-
ject is mentioned, but he may not get it
without a struggle.

Already there is another Richmond in
the field and it is understood that his cam-
paign will soon be formally announoed.
The new Richmond is ex-Gov. Schofield
of Wisconsin, the immediate predecessor
of the present Governor, La Follette, the
bitter but unsuccessful rival of Senator
Spooner and Congressman Babcock. Mr.
Schofield has had ambitions in the direction
of the Vice-Presidency before, but has
never progressed far enough to be regarded
as a serious candidate with votes back
of him in a nominating convention, He
has been in Washington for the past two or
three days looking over the ground and
something definite as to his candidacy
may be known the coming week.

NEW YORK SCHOONER WRECKED.

Fishing Vessel Benjamin Wallace Goes
Ashore on North Carolina Coast.

NorFo.k, Va., March 27.—The schooner
Benjamin Wallace, Capt. Anderson, of New
York, went ashore at New Islet Life Saving
Station, North Carolina, at 9 o'clock last
night. She is a fishing vessel of 60 tons
capacity and was bound to Cape Hatteras
for shad fishing.

There were sixteen men in the crew, all
of whom were saved inthe surf boat of Capt.
Westcott of the life saving station. The
vessel is lying on her beam ends, full of
water and will be a total loss. There has
been a severe storm down the coast and
the Government wires are partly down and
working badly.

 

WANTED HIS BAGGAGE PASSED.

The Baron Lehman From Greece Insists
on Rights ‘That Are Not His.

The Baron R. Lehman, a cabin passenger
aboard the Atlantic Transport liner Minne-
tonka, in yesterday from London, said he
had been sent here by the Greek Govern-
ment to inspect consular posts and wanted
to know why the customs inspectors could
not pass his baggage without inspection.

He declared that his official place ex-
empted his baggage from examination.
It took the inspectors a long time to con-

 

roy of India, has been gazetted Lord | greseman Tim Sullivan and Presidents | vince him that he had only the right of the

Warden of the Cinque Ports.

Beas |
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla |
t Sag leader all the world over. Use no otber.

re to be among the

Haffen and Cassidy a
urphy is in Atlantic

thirty guoste. Mr, M
City, and it has
not return until after

beerfreporied that he would
Faster, |

   

uraual voyager.
_————
PEARLO-DENTO at Caswell & Massey's.
The Ideal Tooth Paste. 26 cents. Try \t.—Ads

MONDAY. MARCH

28,

 

12-Inch O11 Pipe Bursts at Liverpool, Ohlo
—Property on Banks Burned,
BERRA, Ohio, March 27.—The Standard
Oil Company's twelve-inch pipe line sprang
a leak at 5 P. M. to-day on the Racine farm
at Liverpool, Medina © -unty, fourteen miles
southwest of here, just where it passes
through the west branch of Rocky River,
The oil poured into the stream and flowed
five down. At Columbia Center
some one threw a match into the stream

miles

and the oil at once took fire. The blaze
spread from Columbia Center to Liver-
pool, where the leak occurred, and shot

up into the air. Columns of dense smoke
could be seen for miles around,

The fire burned fences and houses along
the stream, and for a time threatened to
destroy the village of West View. The
farmers in this region having telephones
were notified of the blaze and they congre-
gated along the stream and fought the
flames for hours. At 11 P. M. to-night the
fire was still raging, but it is thought that
it will be extinguished before it reaches
West View.

The pipe that burst conveys oil from the
Indiana fields to Cleveland,

 

BATTLE NEAR IN TIBET.
Gen, Macdonald to Start the British Ad-
vance To-tlay.

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

LONDON, March 28.--A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Pharijong, Tibet, says
that Gen. Macdonald, commanding the
British expeditionary force, will advance
with his main body on Monday. The
fighting strength of the expedition is 1,000
rifles, four big guns,and two Maxims. It
is expected that the Tibetans will attack
between Tuna and Gyautse,

 

DOWIE BARRED.

No Public Bullding for His Services in
Adelaide.
Special Cable Despatch to THRE SUN

Sypney, N.S. W., March 27.--The Mayor
of Adelaide has forbidden “Elijah” Dowie
the further use of the Town Hall orany other
corporation building because of his having
uttered improper sentiments about the King.
The Superintendent of Public Buildings,
instructed by the Prime Minister, has pro-
hibited Dowie from using any building
under Government control. A check that
he had deposited for rent of the Jubilee Ex-
position Building has been returned to him
and the agreement cancelled.

Consequently, Dowie will be practically
unable to speak in any public building in
Adelaide.

An American har been asked to persuade
him to leave before the public irritation
caused by his utterances culminates in vio-
lence, Dowie is at present missing from
his hotel. His whereabouts is unknown.

Among other things that Dowie said
concerning the Hingewas that mono irsag-
ined that he had mich religion to spare,
and that he would only get into heaven
by the skin of his teeth.

STEAMSHIP

Moltke Sent a Boat to Inspect It, but the
Crew Is Safe Ashore.

Tbe Cunarder Etruria, in last evening
from Liverpool and Queenstown, was in
wireless communication for nearly fifteen
hours on Friday with the Hamburg-
American liner Moltke, from Hamburg,
which was sighted off Fire Island too late
last night to permit her to communicate
with the shore through boat at Quarantine.

In the chat bet ween the wireless operators
of the liners the Moltke reported, 60 says
the Cunard Bulletin, whose specialty is the
publication of wireless news, that she had
sighted a wreck, apparently that of a bark,
with one mast standing. The Moltke
steamed around the wreck and then stopped
and lowered a boat. The boat's crew
found nobody aboard. The name of the
wreck the wireless man aboard the Cu-
narder caught as “Jane.”

The Atlantic Transport liner Minnetonka,
in yesterday from London, also passed a
derelict, the little British schooner James
W., with only her foremast standing, in
the same position that the Moltke saw the
“Jane.” Apparently the derelict the Moltke
inspected and the one paased by the Minne-
tonka are the same. The James W. was
abandoned by her skipper and crew of five
men on Feb. 15, while on a voyage from
Halifax to Trinidad. All hands were taken
off by the British steamship Durango and
landed at Baltimore on Feb. 20,

The derelict has been making an effort
to drift across the ocean along the steam-
ship lane. She has been sighted several
times within the last thirty days

DERELICT IN LANE.

 

 

TEACHERS ON A STRIKE,
Unionism Shows Its Hand Over a Case of
Discipline In linols.

CARTERVILLE, Ill., March 27.-- The teach-
ers of the city schools here are on a strike
owing to the discharge by the board of
education of one of their number, Miss
May Winning. She had chastised a pupil
and the board ordered her dismissal. The
effect of this action on the other pupils
seemed to be demoralizing to the school
and the teachers refused longer to remain
in the school unless Miss Winning be re-
instated.

This is one of the firat strikes in the teach-
ing ranks since the organizing of the teach-
ers into unions.

 

TOOK POISON AFTER SON DIED.

 

 

An Accident, Mrs. Young Says—She's a
Prisoner in Bellevue.

Mra. William F. Young of 290 Waverly
place was taken to Bellevue Hospital a
prisoner yesterday morning after she had
swallowed a small quantity of carbolic
acid. Her five-year-old boy died unex-
pectedly yesterday morning and she took
the acid immediately after his death. She
said last evening, however, that she took

la

it bv accident.

Mr. Young inherited an interest in a
large grocery business several years ago
and was then considered wealthy.

 

Chimney Fire in W. D. Sloane House,

There was a small fire last night in the
chimney of William D. Sloane's house at
2 West Fifty-second street and ona of the
servants telephoned to Fire Headquarters.

! Three firemen were sent from Engine 8
| in East Fifty-first street, but before they
fh to the house the servants had the fire

190 4.—Copurioht, 1904,

    

    

 

 

“MOTHER” JONESFORCED 0 60

COLORADO SOLDIERS RUN HER
OUT OF TRINIDAD.

 

 

With Three Men Labor Agitators She Is

Miners’
Exile.

—Willlam WardJjon,
Leader, Her Companion

Iowa
in

authority from the Governor to act upon
his own judgment, Major Hill, commund-
ing the State militia at Trinidad, last night
arrested “Mother” Jones, William Wardjon
of Iowa, Joseph Pagini and Adolph Bar-
tolli, labor agitators, placed them on an
eastbound train and omdered them never
to réturn to Trinidad or Las Animas county.
“Mother” Jones has been in Trinidad
several months encouraging the strikers
and counselling the driving out of non-
union workers. Wardjon is an officer of
the Iowa United Mine Workers who has
been in Las Animas county for some time
and who recently addressed a gathering of
strikers, advising that the non-union miners
inthe southern district be sent out in coffins.
Wardjon further said that had such meas-
urea been taken here the atrike would have
been settled long ago. He eaid that peace
had been ordered by those in charge of
the strike at first, but that the leaders were
not talking that way now, asthe coal mine
operators had failed to obey the law and
therefore the strikers should take the law
in their own hands.
| Wardjon denounced the Trinidad strikers
as the most cowardly set of men he had
ever seen, He said he had been in
eleven strikes and had never seen such &
craven lot as the men in Trinidad, He re-
lated the incident of a man at Gray Creek
j who threatened to go back to work if he
did not get shoes for his children, The
man was told that if he went back to work
he would be killed, so he didn’t do so.
Wardjon said that was the proper way
| to do with traitors. He told the Hastings
j incident of seven men standing by and
seeing a woman slapped, and he advised
/ the strikers that if the deputies came around
' their tents or insulted them, to shoot them
down as they would a dog.

 

A stenographic report of the speech
was furnished to Gov. Peabody who at
ones consulted the Attorney-General as to
the authority for deporting Wardjon and
others. Finding that it was lawful and
had been done in other States under similiar
circumstances, the Governor answered
Major Hill's request for authority by plac-
ing the matter entirely in the officer's
hands.

Pagini and Bartolli, who were deported
with Wardjon and Mother Jones, are editors
of the Italian weekly at Trinidad which
was suppressed yesterday because of its
rabid anarchistic utterances.

President Moyer of the Western Federa-
tion of Miners was arrested yesterday for
desecration of the flag and spent last night
in jail at Telluride, being unable to secure
bail in that city.

POSSE BATTLES WITH OUTLAWS,
Colorado Jack Wounded and Captared
—Two Others Escape.

Basix, Wyo., March 27.—A battle was
fought in the Sheep Mountains two days
ago between Sheriff Allston and a posse
of deputies and Colorado Jack's outlaw
gang. One of the deputies was shot. Col-
orado Jack was shot and captured, to-
gether with two others of his band. The

rest escuped into the mountains,

Colorado Jack is one of the most notorioue
outlaws of the West. He was once a mem-
ber of Black Jack's gang of desperadoes
in New Mexico, where there isa large re-
ward now outstanding for him.

For many months the Big Horn Basin
has stood in awe of Jack and his gang,
who have robbed with impunity. Thou-
sands of dollars worth of cattle and horses
have been stolen in that time and many
outrages committed.

Several days ago the mountain lair of
the desperadoes was accidentally dis-
covered by hunters. They reported the
find to the Sheriff, who organized a posse
and started out to capture or exterminate
the gang. Leaving the horses in a cafion,
the posse carefully approached the camp
of the outlaws and surrounded it.

When Sheriff Allston commanded “ Hands
up,” the five outlaws in the camp grabbed
their guns and began firing. This was
returned by the posse, who were under
cover, The outlaws fought from the trees
and rocks, but were completely surrounded.
Then, still shooting, they attempted to
break through the ring and partly suc-
ceeded. Two escaped, although thought
to be wounded.

Colorado Jack was shot through the
shoulder and captured, together with
two of his gang. Deputy Denny received
a flesh wound in the thigh.

A search is now being made for the hid-
ing place of the outlaws’ plunder.

TAUNTED SCHOOLGIRL'S ACT.

Child of a Banker Who Failed Tries to
Commit Suicide.

Des Motrnes, Ia. March 27.— Madge
Dunning of Mount Ayr, 13 years old, swal-
lowed chloroform yesterday because her
schoolmates taunted her over the wreck-
ing of her father's bank, as a result of whose
management the stockholders have lost
many thousands of dollars.

“That dress and those shoes you have on
don't belong to you,” aaid one of her achool-
mates. “Your father's money didn't pay
for them. They were bought with my
father’s money and your father has made
us all poor while you lived in grand style.”
| This was dinned in the girl's ears once
|
{

 

 

 

too often and she determined to take her
own life. She obtained a bottle of chloro-
form, locked herself in her room and swal-
lowed a large quantity. Her physician
says she will recover.

 

MONTANA MINING TRUCE.

No More Blasting In the Mines Where
Ownership of Territory Is Disputed.

BurtF, Mon., March After two
meetings, brought about by the State Mining
Inspector, officials and engineers of the
Amalgamated company and Heinze have
come to anagreement to suspend under-
ground hostilities in the Rarus, Pennsyl-
vania and Minnie Healy mines.

By the agreement both parties will stop
| mining in certain parte of disputed terri-
| tory and neither will try to drown the other

out or endanger the miners by blasting
| disputed ground.

The agreement in no way affects the liti-
gation, but it protects the miners, and the
constant danger of being blown up by dyna-

| mite is leasened.

27.

|
|
|
|
\
\

 

Deported by Orders of Gov, Peabody ;

DENVER, Col., March 27.—Having received

Monpay, Manon 28, 0006,
Fair to-day; fair and warmer to-morrow.

.

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

FAMOUS NECKLACE STOLEN.

 

|
| once the Property of Marte Antoinette
and Valued at 6160,000.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Parts, March 27.—Princess Alice de
! Bourbon's famous diamond necklace, which
was once the property of Marie Antoi-
j nette, and which js valued at £42,000, has
| been stolen,
| Before leaving Paris recently the Prin-
! cess deposited the necklace with a well
known jeweller. Subseiuently a person
calling himself a confidential messenger
from the Princess ‘presented credentials
to the jeweller and received the necklace

It is believed that the thief is a Belgian
engineer with whom the Princess had been
negotiating for the purchase of a villa.
He has had several commissions from
Prince Jaime. the brother of the Princess

 

BURTON HARRISON DYING.

 

The Father of Congressinan Harrison
Mortally Il at His Washington Home.
WasHINGTON, March 27.—Burton Har-

rison of New York, who with his wife,

Mrs. Burton Harrison, the authoress, has

a winter residence here, is critically ill

with heart trouble and is not expected to

survive the night.

His condition had not been serious until
Friday, when Dr. Janeway of New York
was called in. The doctor returned to New
York to-day, there being no hope for Mr.
Harrison's recovery. Representative Fran-
cis Burton Harrison is a son of Mr. Harri-
son.

SWEARS OFF FOR 99 YEARS.

 

 

Man Who Lost $200 In Poker Takes an
Oath to Let the Cards Alone.

McKkESEPORT, Pa., March 27.—Thomas
Danforth, a MoKeesport business man,
called on Alderman L. N. Morgan last even-
ing to have an oath administered to him.
Danforth said he had lost $200 in a sitting
at a poker game the night before and
wanted to quit.

He did not feel strong enough to resist
the temptation when invited to play, but
if he was backed up by a good, strong oath
| he believed he could let the cards alone.

| Squire Morgan made out a fitting oath,

binding Danforth not to play poker for
ninety-nine years.

SOLDIER MAIMED HIMSELF.

 

Sentenced to Dishonorable Discharge and
Two Years In Fort Jay at Hard Labor.
Gurns Fau.s, N. Y., March 27.—-Private

Herman Hollenbeck, Company G, Fifth
Infantry, stationed at Plattsburg, who a
few weeks ago maimed himself by placing
his hand on the railroad track and allowing
a freight train to run over it in order, as
he afterward admitted, to seoure his dis-
charge and later a pension, has been tried
by general court-martial and found guilty
of maiming himse)f in violation of the
asticles..of war,.and has been sentenced
te be dishonorably discharged, forfeit all
pay and allowances and to be confined at
hard labor at Fort Jay, New York harbor,
for two years, Hollenbeck will be taken
to New York to-night.

ATTEMPTED MURDER?

 

 

Chester W. Howard Found Unconscious tn
Morningside Park This Morning.

Chester W. Howard,a young salesman of
213 West 120th street,was found unconscious
with two bullet in his left side on the cllff
steps leading to Morningside Park at 114th
street at 12:30 o'clock this morning. He
told Policeman Ryan that he had been
shot.

Boys who called Policeman Ryan say
they heard three shots fired. A revolver
which lay near Howard had two discharged
cartridges in it.

The police think it possible that Howard
was held up. He had only a few cents
in his pockets. The revolver had evidently
been held near him, as his clothes were
burned.

He was taken to the J. Hood Wright
Hospital. It was said there that his wounds
were probably fatal.

GAGGED FOR FIVE DAYS.
Man Tortured by Thieves Discoverd Bound
and Half Starved.

Reapinoe, Pa., March 27.—R. William
McNight, a scrap iron dealer, aged 74,
living en a lonely road beyond the city
limits, was found in his home this afternoon
half starved, weak, bound and gagged,
with his feet, wrists and chest frightfully
burned. He was taken to the Reading
Hospital and will recover.

McNight says that three masked men
attacked him on last Tuesday night and
demanded his money. When he refused
to give it up they tied him with ropes and
tortured him with a red hot poker for sev-
eral hours. He lay there five days until
discovered, half dead.

The men secured nothing.
keeps his money in the bank.

IN CHICAGO

 

LAY

McNight

 

 

ROBBERY HOTEL.

 

Two Men Hold Up the Night Clerk and
Rifle the Cash Drawers.

Cricaco, March After beating
Charles Winters, a colored bellboy at the
Hotel Cecil, 45 Van Buren street, into in-
censibility this morning, two men held up
the night clerk a’ the point of a revolver,
took $150 from the cash drawer of the hotel
and escaped,

The robbers, running from the hotel,
were pursued for a block through an alley
between State street and Wabash avenue,
when they eluded those in pursuit. After
the robbery Sergt. George Euson of Central
station searched the district near the scene
of the crime with six policemen, but failed
to find any traces of the robbers.

27.

STARVED TO DEATH.

 

Dying Frenchman, Found in Sireet, Too
Weak to Tell His Name.

A poorly dressed man, evidently a French-
man, died of starvation at Bellevue Hop-
pital yesterday.

The man waa found lying in a cellarway
at 80 Third avenue late on Saturday night,
and sent to the hospital in an ambulance.
The hospital authorities made every effort
to get his history, but they could only
learn that he had eaten nothing for days.

The dootors who examined him couldn't
find any symptoms of disease and decided
that he had really been atarved to death.

Many Men of Many Minds
unite in their preference of Usher'e Scotch=—Ade,

 

     
     

 

!
'
|

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

JAPS FAIL AGAIN

Defeated in Attempt to Bottle
Up Port Arthur Fleet,

—____—__———

TORPEDO BOAT BATTLE.

a

 

 

Russians Admit Loss of Seven
Killed in Sunday Fight.

 

Lieut. Krinitsky Dies and Sacrifices the
Lives of His Crew to Defeat Admiral
Togo’s Plan—Four Steamers Sent Into
the Port, but Are Sunk Outside the

Channel—Crews of the Blockading
Steamers Picked Up—Russia Puts
Newehwang Under Martial Law

—Skirmishing Between the Outpests
of the Two Armies Now in Corea.

Spectal Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Sr. PeTeRssuRG, March 27.—An official
despatch from Port Arthur to the Onsar
Bays:

At 1 o'clock Sunday morning a second
attempt was made by the enemy to block
the entrance of the port. The Russian
searchlights discovered four large merchant
steamers making for the entrance supported
by six torpedo boats. A heavy fire was
opened on them from the batteries and
from the cruisers Bobr and Otvazny and
the torpedo boat Sylny, commanded by
Lieut. Krinitsky. This turned the mer-
chantmen from their course by blowing
off the prow of the first one. The enemy's
torpedo boats were then boldly attacked
in force. In the fierce fight which followed
Chief Engineer Swyereff of the Zwereff and
six marines were killed, and the commander
and twelve marines wounded, but the
Japanese plan was frustrated and the
entrance of the harbor is still free.

MAKAROVF’S REPORT.

Admiral Makaroff reports as follows from
Port Arthur:

“I beg most humbly to report that at 2
o'clock this (Sunday) morning the enemy
made a second attempt to block the entrance
to the inner roadetead. For this purpose
they despatched four large merchant
steamers convoyed by six torpedo boats
to the entrance. The enemy's ships were
promptly discovered--by the searnhlights
and were bombarded by the batteries and
the guardehipe Bobr and Otvazny.

“Fearing that the enemy might break
through, Lieut. Erinitseky, commanding
the guard torpedo boat Sylny, attacked
the enemy and destroyed the bow of the
foremost Japanese steamer with a torpedo.
The steamer turned to the right, followed
by two of the other steamers, with the re-
sult that all three stranded to the right
of the entrance. The fourth went to the
left of the enemy's ships and likewise to-
ward the side of the fairway.

“The Sylny gave battle to six of the
enemy's torpedo boats. Engineer Artificer
Swyereff and six seamen were killed and
the commander and twelve seamen
wounded.

“At daybreak the enemy's battleship
and cruiser squadron appeared. I pre-
ceeded with the fleet under my charge te
meet them.

“The second attempt to block the an-
trance failed, thanks to the energetic
defence by the sea and Jand forces, as did
the first. The entrance remains perfectly
free.”

CREWS PICKED UP.

Gen. Smirnoff sends an account similar
to that of Admiral Makaroff. He adds
that one Japanese steamer sank with her
bows touching a Japanese steamer aunk
on a previous occasion off Majatechnage
Goroda. A Hotchkiss one-inch quickfiring
gun was found on one of the sunken vessels,
from which a fire had been kept up on the
Russian torpedo boate. A boat left each
of the sunken veasels carrying their crews.
One of these boatloads is believed to have
been picked up.

Toward 4 A. M. the enemy's torpedo
boats retired and the bombardment ceased.
Five of the enemy's torpedo boats were
sighted south of Port Arthur and the bat-
teries opened fire on them. At 6 o'clock
the enemy's squadron was seen on the
horizon and the Russian squadron put
out to meet them. At 6:30 the batteries
opened, but soon ceased firing. The Japan-
ese drew off to the southeast, evidently
declining au engagement.

It is stated that one Ruasian torpedo boat
was sunk during the engagement. It is
thought that she can be refloated.

RUSSIANS DECLINE BATTLE.

RoME, March 27,—A Chefoo despatch to
the Agencie Libera says that while the Port
Arthur squadron was reconnoitring on Sat-
urday it encountered the Japanese squadron
about seventy miles from the port. The
Japanese immediately prepared to attack,
but the Russians returned to Port Arthur
at full speed

Paris, March 27.—The Echo de Paris
says that during a reconr aissince Admiral
Makaroff, commanding the Russian Port
Arthur squadron, encountered a Japanese
steamer towing a barge on which were
a number of Chinese. Admiral Maka-
roff made prisoners of the Japanese and
Chinese and then sank the steamer and
barge.

JAPANESE FLEET RETIRED.

Lowpon, March 27.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Exchange Telagraph
Company says that the last-atenclson- Pere

a