Se Saas

So
=e

es
so

METIS

set

a
eS >

gp

Se

a

TERA

or ster te
oT

year

Pay er aoe

 

Ci ate is

 

a
‘

peepee

er
oF ‘

rd gettoe
ST agai

re

Hs

ET RII a NaN | 8 OV =m one Seer mre

el

oi PASS

pe - 3.4

>

ors san

Rs

>

Arthur began at 2:15 p’clock this morning.
He says the merchantmen were fireships,
two of which were cast upon the rocks
‘at Golden Hill, one was sunk by a Russian
torpedo, and another by a Japanese vessel.

He adds that the Japanese bombarded
the town from a distance, retiring at 4
o'clock in the morning. The fleet reap-
peared at 6 o'clock in the morning and the
Russian fleet went out to meet it. The
batteries opened fire, and the Japanese
retired and disappeared at 10 o'clock in
the morning.

RUSSIAN SHIPS ON PATROL,

Lonpon, March 28.—A wireless despatch
from the Times's steamer, dated off Port
‘Arthur, March 26, and tranamitted by wire-
leas telegraph to Wei-hai-wei, says that
while the vessel was steering toward Chefoo
on Saturday morning she sighted five
Russian battleships and cruisers just north
of Hwangichintau, an island thirty miles
southwest of Port Arthur.

They were steaming toward Port Arthur.
The exposed flank of the squadron was pro-
tected by a flotilla of torpedo boat destroyers
in line. The Kussians, according to the
correspondent, are evidently patrofling
the entrance to the Gulf of Pechili ayste-
matically.

Another despatch to the Times, dated
at sea, March 27, says that the Times's
steamer picked up the Japanese fleet after
the attack on Sunday morning in two di-
visions, with a flotilla of torpedo boats,
twenty miles southeast of Port Arthur.

They were steaining slowly to the east-
ward, The fleet overhauled the steamer
and a examination with glasses
showed no effects of hard usage.

Comparing the fleeta the correspondent
says that the Russians are using Japanese
coal, and the smoke from their warships
can be seen fifteen or twenty miles away.
The Japanese are burning Welsh coal,
which makes very little smoke

A despatch from Newchwang says that
a traveller who has arrived there reports
that the mountain roads north of the Yalu
River are impassable owing to the snow.
Should the Russians in Corea be defeated
they could not retreat, and to reenforce
them would be a difficult undertaking.

SKIRMISHING IN COREA.

close

 

Gen. Mishtchenko Reports a Clash With
the Enemy's Outposts.
Specta! Cable Despatch to THE SCN.

St. PETERSBURG, March 27.—An official
despatch from Admiral Alexieff to the
Czar, dated Mukden, March 26, says:

“Gen. Mishtchenko reports that at 11
A. M., March 23, he sent two sotnias of
Cossacks to make a reconnaissance, with
the object of ascertaining the strength
of the enemy which crossed the Ching-
changgan River at a distance of a verst
and a half from Pakchengan. The Cos-
sacks discovered one of the enemy's
mounted outposts, consisting of thirty
men, which upon our approach obtained
reenforcements. It was also joined by
infantry. Our Cossacks sent for two troops
of cavalry and opened fire on the post at a
range of 400 paces. One Japanese officer,
@ man ang a horse were killed.

“After? some volleys were exchanged,
our patrol, receiving information of the
advance of the enemy’s infantry, retired.
Our scouts fround Pakohen occupied by
the enemy. Two companies of Japanese
infantry and about three squadrons of
cavalry are on the right bank of the Pak-
chengan River, with outposts at a distance
of two versts from the river. Anju is
ecoupied by about 3,000 Japanese. War-
ships and transports continue to arrive at

which carries all the funds required by the
Government for war purposes... :

The committee appointed to investigate
the conduct of M. Akiyama, the member
of the Diet who was charged with acting
as a spy for tho Russians, reported that

  

there was not sufficient evidence to sup- |
i Congregation of an Itallan Church Stam-
‘

port the charge, but his conduct had been
injurious to the interests of Japan. Amid
great excitement in the House M. Akiyama
demanded a hearing. He acknowledged
responsibility for an editorial in his news-
paper, the Niroku, impeaching the Govern-
ment, but he denied the charge that he
was a Russian spy.

At the request of the House M. Akivama
presented his resignation because of his
editorial,

MARTIAL

 

AT NEWCHWANG.

OMictal Announcement Made by the Rus-
slan Authoritles There,
Special Cable Despatches (0 TAR SUN.

TIENTSIN, March 27.--It is officially an-
nounced that at noon to-day the Russians
issued a proclamation declaring martial
law in Newchwang.

NEWCHWANG, March 27.--The river here
opened Friday. Shipping agents have
been notified that veasels are starting for
this port from all the ports along the China
coast.

LAW

 

RUSSIA LOSES ANOTHER SHIP.

 

 

The Buint Goes Aground While Entering
the Harbor at Algiers.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

AYGIERS, March 27.—The Russian torpedo
hoat destroyer Buini, bound for Bizerta,
while entering the port yesterday grounded
on Aldefua, an islet in the middle of the
harbor, Her bows were stove in and a
large rent was torn in her starboard side,
She was towed into the harbor and will!
have to be placed in a graving dock for
repairs.

STEAMSHIP DAMAGED BADLY.

 

Parthian Hits a Schooner and Both Creep
Into Philadelphia.

PHILADELPHIA, March 27.—With her
smokestack down, her foretopmast broken,
a dozen plates bent and about forty feet
of her awning deck gone, the steamer Par-
thian of the Boston and Philadelphia Steam-
ship Company, to-day crept up the Dela-
ware to her dock at the foot of Spruce street.
Her companion in trouble, the five masted
schooner Cora F. Cresey, was towed to Port
Richmond with her jibboom missing and
otherwise battered.

Tha injury to both vessels was caused by
a collision early on Saturday morning off
Five Fathom Bank. “There was a dense
fog at the time,” said Capt. Smith of the
Parthian, “and on this account we had
slowed down, Suddenly, when within 300
feet of the schooner, we were startled by
a blast of her fog horn, which we had not
heard before. It was too late to avoid
a collision, and the next minute we crashed
together.”

The Cora F. Cresey was bound from
Boston to Newport News.

 

DEAD IN A GULLY.

 

Body of a Salem, Mass., Jeweller Found
—Had Been Gone Four Days.

SALEM, Maas., March 27.—Wilson Cham-
berlain, a member of the jewelry firm of
Chamberlain & Co., was found dead in a
gully near the Swampscott line this after-
noon.

Mr. Chamberlain, who was 58 years old,
had been missing from his home since
Wednesday and it is believed that he wan-
dered away while suffering from the ef-
fects of an attack of grip and perished of
exposures

A strange
fs that ten years ago Horace Shapleigh,

his most intimate friend, disappeared ‘

myseriously in justsuchaway. Formonths
a search was kept up for him, but not until
three years later was the mystery cleared
up by the discovery of Shapleigh’s body
in a bog at Beverly.

 

Chinnampho. The troops landed there} GUILTY OF MURDER AND ARSON.

are being sent to Ping Yang, whence they { y

are moving on Unsan and Kanggo.

“A report from Gen. Smirnoff at Port |
Arthur says that on March 24 our sharp- }

shooters’ company defeated and almost
annihilated a band of about fifty chun-
chunes near Vittsino. There were no
Russian losses.

“I respectfully report the foregoing to
your Majesty.”

Lonpon, March 28.—A despatch to the
Telegraph from St. Petersburg says there
are about 60,000 Japanese troops at Ping
Yang and 15,000 at Anju and north of that
place to Pakchon. From Gen. Misht-
chenko's report it may be gathered that
the army now advancing against south-
ern Manchuria comprises roughly
65,000 infantry, 4,500 cavalry, 3,600 artillery,
with 180 guns; 3,000 military engineers,
and 8,000 transport troops. The Russian
authorities consider this force inadequate
for attacking Manchuria, though the artil-
lery is recognized as being very strong
compared with Russia's 196 guns distrib-
uted throughout the Far East at the
commencement of the war.

A despatch to the Standard from Tientsin
says there is extreme anxiety at New-
chwang, which hourly expects an attack.

Two Japanese merchants, who were im-
prisoned at Port Arthur on March 6 on
suspicion of being spies, but were released
a few days ago through the influence of
the American Consul, arrived at Tientsin
on Friday.

They say they were not ill treated. They
were confined in the military prison until
March 20, and were then moved to the
civil prison. Their effects were returned
to them intact.

The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Standard describes the city’s reception
of the Port Arthur news as though the
engagement had resulted in a great victory
for the Russians. He says that the streets
were full of people blowing horns.

DENIES THAT HE'S A SPY.

 

Rut M. Akiyama Is Forced to Resign From
the Japanese Diet.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

ToxK10, March 27._The House of Repre-
sentatives has passed the Government. bille
providing for increased taxation, with
minor amendments and also an amend-
ment that they shall become inoperative
at the end of the year following the con-
clusion of peace.

Among the bills adopted was the one
providing for a tobacco monopoly, in
which, however, the basis of compensation
was amended to be 20 per cent. of the aver-
age annual receipts instead of three years’
income. The Government accepted the
amendments, whereupon the House unani-
mously adopted the budget as a whole,

een on ee oe

 

oung Man Causes Death of Wife and
Babe and Sets Fire to Their Fiat.

Saratoga, Maroh 27.—Victor E. Millward,
who is 22 years old, and who has been
married two years, committed the double
crime of murder and arson in the first
degree at 3 o'clock this morning. The
victims are his wife, Mra. Grace Williams
Millward, and their baby, 14 monchs. They
lived in a flat on Caroline street, the con-
tents of which Millward had saturated with
kero-ere and ignited. He fractured his
wife's skull in several places with a heavy
iron weapon and then shouting “fire,”
rushed from the building and said that a
lamp had exploded.

The flames were extinguished before
they had gained any great headway, and
Millward was immediately arrested. Mrs.
Millward was badly burned, as was also
the child. They were taken to the Saratoga
Hospital, where they died an hour later.
As Millward and his wife are understood
to have lived beppily, temporary insanity
is believed to have fed to the commission
of the double crime. For three years the
murderer and incendiary has been attached
to Schaffer's restaurant at the Delaware
and Hudson passenger station.

 

SARA B. ROSE DEAD.
A Lookport Poetess Who Weighed Over
300 Pounds and Was Six Feet Tall.

Lockport, March 27.—Sara B. Rose, a
poetess, who weighed over 300 pounds, died
at her home on Mulberry street on Friday
evening of diphtheria. Owing to the ma-
lignant nature of the disease the funeral
occurred yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock.

Mrs. Rose contribued to a number of
magazines and newspapers. She had a
keen sense of humor and her verse gained
more than a local reputation. Although
an abnormally large woman, being nearly
six feet in height and very stout, her mind
ran to etherial topics. She looked on the
sunny side of life at_all times. She leaves
a husband, William H. Rose, a retired far-
mer, and four children, The family came
here from Hartland four years ago and
had just completed a fine new home on Mul-
berry street when Mrs. Rose was attacked
by diphtheria four days ago.

THE REV. DR. ODELL'S WIFE DEAD

It Was Her Health That Led Him te Resign
Calvary M. E. Pastorate.

Mrs. Willis P. Odell, whose husband
recently resigned the pastorate of the Cal-
vary Methodist Episcopal Church in Harlem
to accept a pastorate at Germantown, Pa.,
because he thought thechange from strictly
city life might benefit her health, died late
on Saturday night of heart disease, in the
parsonage, at 129th street and Seventh
avenue

The Rev. Dr, Odell's resignaticn was to
take effect on April 1.

_ Mrs. Odell was the daughter of William
French of Sandown, N. H. She and Mr.
Odell were in the same class at Kilton Semi-
nary inNewHampshire, Soon after they were

raduated, about twenty-three years ago,
Mr. Odell obtained the torate of a church
at (liftondale, a suburb of Boston, and they
were married.

 

 

HEADACHES FROM COLDS.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE removes the cause.
To get the genuine call for the full name and look
for the signature of & W. Growe Ue.—Ade

SO RT CPP INTE PTT PATTIE Ltt

  

a
ee ee

{ toget tothe doorsand windows, Twotots

coincidence about his death |
} the church.

PANIC IN NEW HAVEN CHURGH {2° 927

 

‘CRY OF FIRE FOLLOWS QUARREL

BETWEEN TWO MEN.

 

pedes—Twenty Persons Hart Seriously,
Six of Whom Are tn a Hospital
—Crush to Get Out of the Windows,

New Haven, March 27.—‘Give me some
more of that palm,” demanded one Italian
of another, in the front seat of St,Michaels
Italian Catholic Church at Wooster and
Brewery streets during the 9 o'clock mass
this morning.

“No,” was the reply.

“Yes, you will, for I've got a family and
want to bring some of it home,” angrily
remarked the other Italian.

There were some more remarks in a low
tone and then the Italian who wanted that
palm drew a revolver.

Joseph Martini, an Italian interpreter
in the police court here, sat behind the
quarrelling men and told them to go out-
side and fight it out and that if they didn't
atop their wrangling they would frighten
the congregation.

Juat then some one near the men got
excited and yelled fire in Italian, In an
instant the 1,000 men, women and children
that packed the little wooden church to the
very doors made a rush for the single en-
tranoe to the building, Many had smelled
gas that had been leaking through the
church during the service, and after hearing
the cry of fire they thought there was a
blaze in the cellar of the church,

The Rey. Father Alussi, who was cele-
brating maas, turned to the frenzied peo-
ple and shouted that there was no fire.
It had no effect on the struggling mass
Then Martini, the interpreter, yelled that
there wasn't any fire; but by this time the
men had broken the windows on both sides
of the church and some of the calmer ones
were tossing the children through to the

round, The windows were only a few
eet high. Excited men to save themselves
trampled on the women and children in
their efforts to get through the windows
and to the doors. They lost their heads
completely. ;

There were about fifty children in seats
in the front part of the church, for it was
known as the children’s mass. These little
ones had a hard time of it. Some of the
fathers and mothers sat in the rear seats,
and when they heard the cry of fire they
made a mad plunge to the front of the
church to save the children. They had to
fight their way through the crowd that was
struggling to get to the door. The cries
of the children and the shrieks of the women
who were being knocked down and crushed
by the men filled the church,

Frank S. Hamilton, son of a well known
Republican politician, looked from one of
his windows and saw the children and
women crawling through the windows and
sent in an alarm of fire. All the ambulances
in the city and a score of physicians were
hurried to the church soon after. Then a
call went to police headquarters and fifty
policemen were soon on the scene. :

One estimate of the number injured seri-
ously was forty, but the pastor of the church,
the Rev. B. Marenchino, thought it_ was
considerably below that number. Three
women and three children were taken to
the New Haven Hospital in a critical con-
dition. hey had been trampled upon and
were internally injured. It is known that
at least twenty were hurt seriously. They
were removed to their homes in the ambu-
lances. Most of them were children.

One little girl had her clothes torn from
her back and was knocked down. Some

one Groped a fifty-cent Bien and it fell

on the child’s back as she lay in one of the

aisles of the church. The imprint of the

coin was starnped on the child’s back by the
free! of some person who had stepped on
er.

Many Americans attend services at the
Italian church. Among those at the mass
to-day was Mrs. William Scott. Her ex-
ample of bravery was in strong contrast
to the cowardly actions of the men who
were running over the women and children

that couldn’t be over 6 years began toc
when they saw the people rushing throug

Mrs. Scott had to fight her way to the
children and then, taking them in her arms,
she carried them to a window and pa
them out to a policeman. She had to shove
men aside to do it. They wanted to set
through the windows first. When Mrs.
Scott tried to climb through the window
she was hauled back by men who arte
as if they were insane. Then they climbed
up on her back and out the window.
Bhe ‘was very much bruised before she got
out.

Several children were passed through
the windows by Martini, who also helped
his aged mother and two other women to
safety by the same route. It was at the
entrance that many were terribly crushed
and walked on. Antonio Pclo, a boiler-
maker, was caught in the jam at the door
and by terrific blows with his hands he
battered down part of the entrance, widen-
ing it so that many were able to escape
quickly. A

Last January the new St, Michael's
Church was burned to the ground and the
members of the parish have been holding
services in the old church since.

 

SONS OF THE DESERT ON A JAG.

Drove “Ships” They Are Convoying {o St,
Louls to Fatigue and Beat a Comrade.

Paterson, N. J., March 27.—Twelve
Arabs, who are in charge of sixteen camels
at the United States Quarantine Station
at Athenia, N. J., do not know a word of
English, but are pretty well conversant
to-day with the effects of American whiskey.

The Arabs and camels are en route to the
St. Louis Louisiana Purchase Exposition
The man got a good supply of whiskey
somewhere and appeared in the extensive
quarantine grounds last night with well
developed American jags.

Sinbad the Sailor, with the little old man
on his back never staggered under his
load as the camel keepers did under their's
last night. They took the camels from
the stables and raced them round and round
the grounds, the keepers performing acts
that would astonish them if they were
sober.

After the camels had been raced down
to a tired lope, the Arabians got into their
heads that Amouri Haruschid, one of their
number, was a modern counterpart of Ali
Baba, turned upon him and beat him into
insensibility. He was taken to the hospital
at Passaic, where he is slowly recovering
from the combined effects of the beating
and the jag.

The camels and the other keepers were
corralled Jate last night. It is said the
ships of the desert require only one drink
of water a week. Camel keepers, how-
ever, are different, and long before the sun
rose this morning the descendants of Abou
Ben Adhem were making piteous appeals
in “he men language for aqua pura, and
ots oF it.

—

 

WAR ON RUM IN LOUISVILLE.
The Anti-Saloon League Planning to Close

a Portion of the Saloons,

LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 27.—A temper-

ance campaign, covering almost every
precinct in Louisville, is planned, and it is
certain that a portion of the city saloons
will have to go. The Rev. G. W. Young,
field secretary of the State Anti-Saloon
League, is in the city and declares that it
is his purpose to carry on the campaign
throughout the city.
_ At present saloon licentes may be granted
in any portion of the city, provided the re-
quired number of signatures are obtained
to the petition. Under a local option law
passed by the legislature two years ago
and since sustained by the Court of A peale,
each voting precinct may decide whether
or not liquor may be sold.

It is proponed. by Mr. Young to have
elections called in the 180 precincts in the
city, a great many of which undoubtedly
will be carried for local option

 

CEPR LAE OT LONE ON IT ED TINS OT ERS.

 

—— SSS eS SS nSTESNNS aoe o ese eee

~
ea

ORTALLY AT HOME.

Hits Brother Says a Tramp Came inte the
House and Did It.

Boston, March 27.—Parker Dex ter, aged
11, son of Edwin J. P, Dexter, an engineer
at the Randolph water supply pumping
station, was shot in the head about
1:30 o'clock this afternoon by a strange
man, according to the boy's brother, and
the surgeons do not think that he will live
through the night.

The Dexter home is just across the street
from the pumping station, the place being
a lonely one on the shore of Great Pond,
and woods extend in all directions for half
a mile. This afternoon Mr. Dexter left
home for this city to see his wife, who is
ill at a hospital here, leaving Parker and
his other son, Harris, aged 14, at the dinner
table.

According to the story told by Harris
a roughly dressed man with astubby beard

‘apparently a tramp, and another rough

looking individual, came walking into
the house. Nelther man eaid a word.
The boys became frightened and ran up
stairs, the armed tramp pursuing them.
Parker fled to the bath room and locked
himself inside, while Harris found refuge
in a closet.

The tramp went after Parker; and after
breaking open the bathroom door seized
the child with one hand and pressing the
muzzle of the revolver against Parker's
left ear fired one shot. The bullet lodged
in the boy’s brain.

Then the two tramps ran out of the house
and made off into the woods, taking nothing
of value. Harris says he heard the shot
fired and finding his brother on the floor
apparently dead, ran to the nearest neigh-
bor, who in turn notified Chief of Police
Haley.

The boy had not recovered consciousness
up to 12 o'clock to-night. The surgeons
say his chances of recovery are slim. The
left side of the boy's face is burned by
powder, showing that the shooting was
done at close range.

BRITISH CRUISERS’ TEST.

Average of 13 Knots on Voyage From
Bermuda to England.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Stn.

Lonpon, March 27.—Five cruisers be-
longing to the British West India aquadron
have arrived in England from Bermuda,
coming at the highest possible speed in
order to teat their steaming powers and
coal consumption. They had to sail as a
squadron.

The average speed of the voyage was
seventeen knots, It would have been
higher but. the squadron was forced to
reduce speed, it being early revealed that
three of the vessels, especially the Donegal,
were such heavy coal consumers that they
would not have a sufficient supply to last
through the voyage if their engines were
kept at top speed.

HURT IN TROLLEY COLLISION.
\

 

 

 

 

Nine Persons Injured tn a Head-On Wreck
fin Chelsea, Mass.

Boston, March 27,.—Nine persons were
injured, several of them seriously, but the
collision of two electric cars in Chelsea at
9:30 o'clock to-night. An outbound car
from Boston to Malden was supposed to
wait on a turnout at the corner of Everett
avenue and Arlington etreet. The motor-
man did not do so and his car smashed
head-on into an inward bound Everett
Square car.

Both cars were nearly demolished, The
motorman who left the turnout had his
leg broken and sustained internal injuries.
One woman passenger had her spine in-
jured.. The injuries to the others were
less serious.

A PANAMA RECONCILIATION.

Between Vice-President Obaldia and the
Minister Who Raided His Ranch.

A cable despatoh from Panama tells of
a dinner given by President Manuel Ama-
dor to Gen. J. Domingo Obaldia, Second
Designado (Vice-President) of the republic.
The political significance of this dinner
was that it closed harmoniously the first
threatening incident in the Government of
Dr. Amador. It was a public reconciliation
between the President and Gen. Obaldia,
and followed by a few days a cable message
from the former to his son in this city,
which said:

“Obaldia and I have become reconciled.”

The trouble was brought about by the
appointment of Sefior Quinteros as Minister
of Public Works. Gen. Obaldia resented
this selection in a very warm communica-
tion to President Amador.

Gen. Obaldia was formerly Governor
of Panama and owner of a large cattle
ranch at David. Quinteros was chief of
a revolutionary force then active in that
part. The rebels carried off Obaldia's
cattle and imprisoned members of his
family.

So, when the appointment of the erst-
while rebel leader was announoed, the
victim of his operations made a vigorous
protest, which threatened for a time to
disturb the serenity of the Panama Govern-
ment.

Dr. Raoul A. Amador, son of President
Amador, is Consul-General of Panama
in this city. Manuel Obaldia, who is a son
of le General, is secretary of the Con-
sulate.

OFF TO PANAMA TO-MORROW.

Members of the Canal Commission Arriving
Hero.

Benjamin M. Harrod of Louisiana, a
member of the Panama Canal Commission,
was at the Waldorf-Astoria yesterday.
Admiral Walker will arrive from Wash-
{ngton this morning. The commission will
sail to-morrow for the Isthmus on the
steamer Allianca. Accompanying the com-
missioners will be Col. W. C. Gorgas of the
medical department of the army, who is
to have charge of sanitation on the Isthmus.
Mr. Harrod said yesterday:

“We are going to Panama to study the
situation. It is essential that we first
obtain a working knowledge of the canal
route. Just how long we shall remain on
the Isthmus I can't Bry Maybe a month
or perhaps two months. On our return
we shall go to Washington and formulate
definite plans for the beginning of the actual
work on the cgnal.”

og
NEW THEATRE DOING WELL.

Williamsburg Wanted It and Is Showing
That It's Appreciated.

The newly opened Broadway Theatre
in Williamsburg drew a large audience
at its Sunday concert last night. There
was a large and capable array of vaude-
ville singers, and encores were greatly in
demand.

How well this theatre is meeting the
demand for a new playhouse in Williams-
burg was shown in the first week. Every
night the house was filled. To-morrow
its second week begins with Ward and
Vokes as the stars in “A Pair of Pinks,”
the Pinks being Harold and Percy, the
craftiest pair of amateur sleuths that ever
fell into Weberfieldian troubles. f the
large company which helps them in and out
of jneee troubles 80 per cent, are pretty
girls.

 

 

Wolcott Men War tn Denver.

Denver, Co)., March 27.—The Wolcott
forces triumphed in the Republican prima-
ries last night, electing nearly 500 cf the
562 celegates to the county convention,
to nominate a city and county ticket in
the event «f the adoption of the proposed
new charter at Tuesday's election,

( STUDENTS

pe a
i
ee.

a

FAKED A CORPSE,

AS A FAVOR ALLOWED FELLOW
STUDENTS TO SHUDDER OVER IT.

 

Members of the Faculty Came Breathless
and Hatless—They Had Heard That
Three Students Had Been Murdered
—A “Doctor Helped on the Joke.

Princeton, N. J,, March 27.—At about
10 o'clock to-night the report ran like wild-
fire over the campus that a man had been
murdered in University Hall. This is one
of the largest dormitories on the campus
and is oocupied by about 200 students.
In a few minutes a crowd of 1,000 excited
students and others gathered in the hal!
and the door of “C” was found to be
guarded by three pale-faced students who
said that on returning to their room this
evening they found the door had been
burst open and that there was blood on
the sitting room floor.

Further investigation seemed to show
a man lying across one of the beds in the
bedroom with a dreadful red gash in his
abdomen and a hole in the back of his head.
The frightened students rushed out and
spread the alarm and then stood guard at
their door until the Coroner and a physician
should arrive.

Soon a “doctor” came and was ad-
mitted to the scene of the tragedy. He
took off his coat and called for a light, but
the electric lights strangely refused to work,
except one small globe in the bedroom,
The “doctor” went to the figure lying across
the bed and lifted a newspaper stained
with blood, which covered the gaping
wound in the man’s stomach. He paused
and cautiously felt the man's face. Then
he said:

“The man has been dead for two hours.
From the position of the wound in the back
of his head I should say that he had been
brutally murdered. I advise you to guard
the room until the Coroner arrives.”

Then he put on his ccat again and with
a cold look at the thousand anxious faces
waiting outside the door passed down
the hall. Meanwhile the studerts in whose
room the figure lay locked their door and
stood on guard. About them surged their
frightened fallow students, who anxiously
plied them with questions. After many
pleadings the guards were finally per-
suaded to take parties of three or four
in to view the remains. One of the cecu-
pants of the room stocd in the door of the
bedroom and would allow no one to enter,
inasmuch aa the room could not be dis-
turbed in any way until the Coroner came.
On the bed lay the ghastly figure. Some
of these admitted became sick, and one
even fainted at the sight. Thus one party
after another was admitted.

Meanwhile the excitement outside was
reaching the fever point and all sorts of
rumors became rife. One was that the
body was that of ono of the moat prominent
professors, another that it was Hungry the
hackman and another that it was Jim
Robinson the trainer. Finally, when it
seemed that the students could no longer
be controlled, away down at the end of
the corridor the men were seen to surge
back and some of the professors appeared
breathleas and without hats. They had
heard that three etudents had been mur-
dered. They marched up to the door and
demanded admittance. At first they were
taken for atudents and received no response
to their frantic knocking, but at last the in-
mates recognized the voice of one of the
professors and opened the door. Then as
the professors entered the students dashed
out.

The professors made their way to the
bedroom and one of them put his hand
on the bloody head. Then the joke was
over. They went away, some with flerce
looke of wrath and some with smiles. The
news went out that a horrible “ horse”
had been played on the whole college.
The murdered man was made of plaster
and the blood was red ink and paint.

Now the students who were privileged
to see the awful sight are looking for the
perpetrators, the ones in whose room
the affair occurred. What the action of
the faculty will be is causing considerable
speculation but it is thought that they
will recognize that the joke was on them
as well as on the students and let the matter
drop.

UNION CARPENTERS LOCKED OUT.

Employers tn Hion” Organi#e and Give a
Bond Not to Employ Them.

Utica, March 27.—The master carpenters
of Ilion have formed an association and
each has given a bond in the sum of $500
that he will not employ a union carpenter.
As a result of this move all but three car-
penters in Ilion have been locked out be-
cause of their refusal to renounce allegiance
tothe union. Upto Saturday the carpen-
ters had been receiving 27% cents an hour
for a day of nine hours, but hy olah the
bosses requested that they work ten hours
daily and receive therefor ten hours pay
at the prevailing rate of 27% cents an hour.

he bosses’ requést for a longer day
was prompted by the unusual amount of
building contemplated during the spring
and summer, The carpenters viewed it
in the light of an attempt to disrupt their
union and refused. Subsequently the mas-
ter workmen formed an association and
have determined, if possible, to wipe out
the union, which within the past couple of
ret has been a source of great trouble
o them. Both sides are determined to
wage the struggle to the bitter end, and as 4
result there {is small prospect of any
building operations in Ilion during the
coming season.

NON-UNION; COULDN'T GET WORK.

 

 

Man Picked Up at the Bridge Who ‘Hadn't
Eaten for Two Days.

Robert Miller, a German, who had been
without food for two days and who could
not get work because he had no union
card, was found at the Bridge last night
appa renyy very weak.

iller told the police that he had beaten
his way to New York on the freight cars
and atarted out to find a job. He began to
work in the Brooklyn subway, but a walk-
ing delegate discovered that he had no
union card and refused to let him keep
on. Since then he has wandered about
for two days.

Policeman O'Reilly and Roundsman Far-
rell took up a collection for the man and
sent him to & nearby restaurant. When he
tried to eat he became violently ill and had
to be taken to the Hudson street hospital,

 

GEN. CORBIN LOOKS INTO CASE.

 

Would Private Driscoll Have Left
Behind if He Had Deserted?

The friends of Private Timothy Driscoll,
who wascourt-martialled at Fort Schuyler
the other day for being a deserter, are grati-
fied that Major-Gen. Corbin is taking an
unusual interest in the case.

Driscoll left the fort in December and
returned about ten days ago.
nation was that a return of Cuban fever
had induced him to take some aguardiente,
which had made him insane. Bis friends
pointed to the fact that he had served
seventeen years, had a good record and
thet he had left $250 of lis savings at the

ort. '

If he had taken the money with him,
they said, the oontention that he was a
deserter would have been good, but no
deserter, they said, would do such a thing.

Gen. Corbin has sent to Washington for
all of Driscoll's record and has asked the
Fort Schuyler court-martial to reserve its
decision until he looks up the case.

Wear Klaas eit eke aks | ca nea an aT

His expla-,

        
    

E devote special atten-

PY tion to the execution of

    

~ which

b

orders for Whole Carpets,

are made in one

piece without seams and to fit any

space, weaving them from designs
prepared by our own artists. ““* %e

Whole Carpets

are made by hand in French
Aubusson and Savonnerie, English

hand-tufted and

Scotch Chenille

Axminster, also in Berlin, India

and Turkish weaves.

They aro

particularly appropriate for richly

furnished rooms.

Se Ne NS OS

EE

W.-& J. SLOANE
BROADWAY @ 19TH STREET

 

CRISIS IN BUILDING STRIKE,

THIS WEEK DECIDES BUILDING
CONDITIONS FOR THE SUMMER.

Recognition of Laborers’ Union Means a
Return to the Old State of Things and
Won’t Be Permitted, Charles L. Flciitz
Says—Deciares It's a Leaders’ Strike.

 

 

The crisis of the present deadlock in the
building trades is expected this week.
Unless the deadlock is broken then there
is a prospect that the building trade will
be in trouble all summer.

A meeting of the emergency committee
of the Building Employers’ Association will
be held this afternoon at the Building
Trades Club to hear reports from men
who investigated conditions at the different
buildings at theend of last week. President
Charles L. Eidlitz of the association said
last evening:

“One thing the employers are all agreed,
that is, that even if the mason builders were
willing to concede the demand for recog-
nition of the laborers’ union, supposing that
to be the real issue of the strike, it would
be the best way of prolonging the trouble
all through the summer, It would be fol-
lowed by a similar demand from the Team-
sters’ Union, the Building Material Handlers’
Union and all through the line of unskilled
trades. This would bring matters back
to the old conditions, namely that the un-
skilled trades dominated everything. If
the employers consented to recognize the
Laborers’ Protective Union they might aa
well give up the entire principle of abri-
tration. The laborers could then tie up
the entire building industry when they
pleased,”

Mr. Fidlitz said that conversations with
well posted builders led him to the con-
clusion that the strike is being kept up for
any money that certain people can get out
of it for calling it off, and he regarded the
arrest of Walking Delegate Nicholus Rose
for extortion as very significant. y

“One of the objects ed at in the arbi-
tration agreement of the la ithe Asso-
ciation,” he said, “was the killing of this
sort of thing.”

Mr. Eidlitz expects the deadlock to end
by the bricklayers gradually returnin,
to work. If they continued to drift bac
as they had been doing, he said, a stampede
would eventually result.

The Brooklyn bricklayers who were al-
lowed to work on one or two buildings
near the end of last week were called back
on Saturday and have agreed not to work
for members of the Mason Builders’ Asso-
ciation in Manhattan and The Bronx while
the present strike is on. The bricklayers
deny that union men are drifting back to
work. They say that the strike will be
fought out on the demand for recognition
of the Laborers’ Protective Union.

Nicholas Rose of 13 Macdougal street,
the walking delegate of Local 11 of the
Laborers’ Union, who was arrested on
Saturday for extortion in accepting a bribe
to call off a strike, was arraigned yesterday
in the Essex prarices Bole? court and pleaded
not guilty. He said that the marked bills
found in his pocket belonged to him. He
was held in $1,000 bai! for examination.

BACK ON TEN HOURS LABOR.

Repairmen of the New Haven Get a Full
Day's Working Time.

New Haven, Conn., March 27.—Presi-
dent C. 8. Melien ef the New Haven railrcad
issued orders last night that beginning
with Saturday, April 2, the repair depart-
ment of the entire system would begin
running again on a ten hours a day sched-
ule. This order will affect thousands of
employees of the system, who have been
dissatisfied since the company reduced
the working day on Jan. 28 from ten to nine

ours.

When, on Feb. 13, another hour was
taken off the day, making it an eight hour
day, there was talk of a strike, and hun-
dreds of men who had gone to Readvillo
returned, saying that they could not live
under the reduced rate.

NEWS MADE HER WANT TO DIE.

Emma Evers Drinks Poison When Gabler
Announces His Engagement.

Frederick Gabler, a mason, of 280 East
Seventy-sixth street, had a party of friends
at his home yesterday, and he announced
to them that he was spn ger to be married.
He was congratulat by all his guests
except one. She was Emma Evers, 45

ars old, of 16@ East 115th street, who

been friendly with Gabler.

She walked into the kitchen and returned
with a bottle of carbolic acid.

“Here's to your ceEtiien, she said,
and put the bottle to her lips.

Before she could drink much of the acid
the bottle was knocked from her mouth.
She was taken to Bellevue Hospital and will
recover.

 

     
        
    

  
 

eee

Lincoln Trust Company
Madison Square

—

Real Estate belonging tonon-
residents or others cared for
| by this company. Rents
' collected, Taxes paid and
| Insurance maintained, Faith-
ful and inexpensive service
‘guaranteed.
| INTEREST ON DAILY BALANCES.
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES AT
SPECIAL RATES.
, An Interesting Booklet on Apelication.|

  

 

 

   

 

 

MORE STRIKES THREATENED.

Excavators, Asphalt Workers and Wagon
Workers All Out With Demands.

Strikes in several trades are scheduled
for May 1 if demands of the unions are not
granted before then. The largest strike
in point of numbers, if it takes, place wi!
be that of the Rockmen’s and Excavators’
Union, composed of Italians, which has
made demands for a new scale to go into
effect on May 1. This union claims a mem-
bership of 16,000. Its last strike, when it.
attempted to stop the subway work, was
a fiasco.

‘The union demands $2 a day for rock-
men and $1.60 for excavators for eight
hours on public work, and $1.25 a day for
rockmen and $1.80 for excavators for nine
hceurs on private work.

A strike of asphalt workers all over New
York for a recognition of the union is
threatened within two weeks. The asphalt
companies recognize the union of foremen
but are unwilling to recognize @ union of
an unskilled trade. The Central Federated
Union SPROleGe a committee yesterday
to consult with representatives of the
union on the enforcement of their demands.
According to the union delegates, if a strike
is declared the steam roller engineers,
curbstone setters, pavers and rammers
will strike in sympathy and all paving in
the Greater New York will be tied up.
‘The asphalt companies will be asked once
more to recognize the Asphalt Workers’
Union before action is taken.

Delegate Hand of the Carriage and Wagon
Workers’ Union told the Central Federated
Union yesterday that his union controlled
8 ied cent. of the trace, that a general
strike would be declared against the Broth-
erhood of Painters if the latter did not keep
out of the carriage and wagon shops.

“We won't work with members of the
Brotherhood of Painters, except at their
own legitimate trade,” said Hand, “if we
have to pull out every man in every wagon
shop in New York, along with the trimmers,
hody builders and blacksmiths. We are
ready, if necessary, to pull out 6,000 men
here and also pull the men out all the way
to Paterson and along the coast.”

UNION LOSSES T\) HOTEL CRASH.

10 Killed, 6 Badly Hurt and Strikes Have
Left Little for Thetr Families.

Delegate Lober of the Cement and As-
phalt Workers' Union reported yesterday

to the Central Federated Union that when
the Darlington Hotel building collapsed
twenty-two of hia union were working
there. Ten of these were killed; six wera
wounded being left cripples for life, and
six escaped. n account of last summer's
long strike the union has little money to
help the widows and children of the men
who were killed. An entertainment will
be given for their benefit.

DIED.

CANFIELD.—At Aiken, S. C., March 34, 1904, of
pneumonia, Augustus Cass Canfield of New
York city, Im the 52d year of his age.

Funeral services will be held at Trinity Chapel,

on West 25th st., on Tuesday, March 29. at

* 10:30 A. M. Interment at Woodlawn.
DELMONICO.—Suddenly, on March 24, 1904, Rosa

Delmonico, at her residence, 144 West 75th at.

Requiem mass at St. Leo's Church, East 28h

st., on Monday, March 28, at 10:80 A. M.

FULMER.—At Atlantle City, N. J., on March 27,
1904, Mrs. Ella B. Fulmer of Dingman’s Ferry,
Pa.

Funeral services at Dingman's Ferry, on Wednes-

day, March 980.
Department of State.

{OMctal.} Washington, D. C., March 26, 1904.

GARBACHER.—Information has been recelyed
at this department from Legation of the Nether-
lands, at Washington, D. C., March 6, 1904, of the
death, on the 21st of November, 1908, at Rotterdam,
Netherlands, of Daniel Garbacher of New York
clty.

The legal representatives of the deceased can
obtain further information by applying to this
department.

Per despatch Netherlands Legation.

Dated March 6, 1004.

GARRISON.-—Suddenly, at Salt Lake City, March
26, 1004, Dr. Charlies Miller Garrison, to his
46th year.

Interment at Newburg, N. Y.

Newburg papers please copy.

HILL.—Suddenly, on March 24, 1004, at the resi
dence of her sister, in Elizabeth, N. J., Amands
M., wife of J. Clarkson Hill, of Pelham Manor,
N.Y

 

 

 

Rochester and

Funeral services at the Church of the Redeemer
Pelham, N. Y., on Monday, March 28, at 2 P. MM

HOLBROOK.—On Sunday, March 27, 1004, at bis
residénce, 16 West 180th st., New York city
Willlam Cune Holbrook, In the @2d year of bir
age.

Funeral services at the Church of the Puritans
180th st, and Sth av., on Tuesday, March 29,
at5 P.M. Interment at Brattleboro, Vt.

MOORF.—Suddenly, of heart fallure, at Magno!!s
Springs, Fla., on Friday evening, March 20,
1904, George F. Moore of Detroit, Mich., aged
71 years.

Funeral at Detroit on Tuesday.

MOUNT.—On Sunday, March 27, 1004, Chariots
Anne, daughter of the late Richard BR. and
Marla B. Mount.

Funeral services at Trinity Chapel, 25th s!.
near Broadway, on Wednesday, the 30th inst,
at 10:30 A. M. It Is kindly requested that no
flowers be sent.

WILLIAMSON.—On Thursday, March 24, at °
West 11th st., Mary A. Butler, widow of David
RB. Willlamson and daughter of the late Ellas
Butler,

Funeral services at her late residence, on Mod
day, March 28, at 10 o'clock, It ts requested
that no flowers be sent.

WILLIS.—At her residence, in Washington, D. ‘
on March 28, 1904, aged 70 years, Corneiis
Grinnell, widow of the late N. P. Wills an’
daughter of Joseph Grinnell of New Bedfors
Mass.

Service at the Unitarian Church, New Redfor!
Mass., Monday, March 28.

CEMETERIES.

Ponsa etpaa pian panna OS

Great Pinelawn Cemetery—Private sts
Round trip tickets 50 cents, at office, 25 Broa!