‘WEPT OVER A DUSKY HEROINE] gr

BIG AUDIENCE STIRRED BY A
TALE OF A GIRL OF TUSKEGEE.

@he Hadn't Education Enough for a Dip-
loma, but With What She Had she
Neformed a Whole Community—Booker
Washington Tells It in Carnegie Hall.

Booker ‘T, Washington made a Carnegie
Hall audience laugh and cry yesterday
afternoon in telling them of the needs
of his people in the South, The laughs,
provoked by occasional good natured hits
at white folks and their ways were more
general perhaps than the tears, but many
eyés grew moist when the eloquent negro
told of the heroism of a young colored
woman who, failing in her plans for her
own education, went into the black belt
of Alabama and by her teaching and ex-
ample transformed a shiftless, ignorant
and debt-ridden people into a community
of thrifty and industrious negroes who
subordinated everything else to the educa-
tion of their children.

 

 

  
   
      
     
     
   
   
   
   
     
 

 

r-e-tes t-o

Redused ‘
C a | ifo rn 1a

March 1 to A p° sf
That long looked for opportunity of visiting

ifornia i t last.
Galtermie to, April 30, he Rock Island System
will gell colonipt”tichete to principal points in

California at the following low rates:

$33 from Chicago
$30 from St.Louis
$ 25 from Missouri River Points

Proportionate reductions from other points

i d in tourist of hich
leave Uhtciye’ aad hanoas City daily for Los
Angeles and San Francisco via E1 Paso: three

Colorado,every Wed-

311,220 Inflations Saturday
653,100 Previously Reported

964,320 Anflations Since Starting
This Is the Splendid
Four-Day Record of

The PNEUMATICS | |,

Of the ANGELUS !

And yet, someone was so fool-
ish as to say that running at
such speed, for a few moments, | |,
would incapacitate any piano-

HONE! Co

“Edwin C. Burt” We are “Jouvin & Cie”|

Exclusive Agents
Shoes, in New York Gly Gloves. |
| Latest Spring Models. Latest Spring Shades. |

 

a

 

 

 

=

jor the

 

 

Exquisite Trimmed Millinery.

[We will place on sale Monday a
Choice Collection of

Ladies’ Trimmed Hats
$10.00 and $15.00 Each.

Also 500 Dozen

The Smooth-running

F OR D

“The Car of Satisfaction”

ee a Ee a ee ee eee

Having a Double (op-

          
      
  
       

; times aweehk by way 0 ‘ ; ra ; , 7
Wabing ot the BEAD fet thdoal Guitare nesday from St.Louis. posed) Cylinder Motor, me er ou the market. Ladies’ Untrimmed Hats |
The balconies, the two tiers of boxes Our folder"Across the Continent in @ tourist the Ford Motor Car does hat man knew all about OTe nates sheieororh value eh2 (95c

most piano-players; BUT he
didn’t know that the ANGELUS
was distinctly different from all
others.

All this mechanical superior-
ity is simply an evidence of the

ard all the seats on the main fioor of the
Felix Adler

Sleeper’ telle the whole story. Ask for a copy — at all

Railroad Ticket offices or by addressing: not have the vibration

so annoying and uncom-
fortable to riders in sin-
gle-cylinder cars. The
Ford Car is built throughout

UNTRIMMED HATS in Silk, Satin, Tuscan,
Milan and fancy mixed Braids—the newest shapes
and the finest assortment in the cily. |

auditorium were filled. Dr.
introduced the speaker.

Mr, Washington began with his joke
about the blacks being the only race in
America that came to this country pas~-
sage paid because of a special and pressing,
invitation, and repeated that the race is

       

Rock Island

8. Ray, G. BE. P. A.
Bae Downtown Office, 401 Broadwa'
Uptown Office. Sth Avenue and 35th
New York City.

  
    
    

 

Biro, IMPORTED ROSES, all colors—Daisies, Poppies, Blucts, Foliage, per bunch. 25¢ |

Straw Braids of every description. (Second Floor.) |

going to stay here to work out its problems
He went on to say:

The question has been raised recently
us to the value to the South of educating
the negroes at all I want to answer that
In South Africa there are 4,000,000

wants to own his cottage; he wants furniture

and clothes and books and a piano. ‘There

is his incentive, and he works and becomes

an important, an indispensable factor in

the industrial progress of the South So

from the purely selfish, economic stand-

point of the whites themselves, the educa-
a tion of the negro does pay

Mr. Washington quoted statistics to show

that education had improved the material

welfare of the blacks. In forty years, he

said, the negroes have become the owners

of one-twer ty-sixth of all the land in Vir-

ey f ginia, and ii 1901, in the State of Georgia,

me the negroes added $1,526,000 to the taxable

{ value of their real estate, making their

H total holdings in that State alone $16,700,000.

“And, remember, in connection with these
figures,” said he, “that the black man has
learned from the white man not to confess
the full value of his property to the asses-
sors.” (Laughter.]

Concerning the moral and mental im-
provement of his race by education and
the resulting advantage to the whole South
Mr. Washington said:

I have the profoundest faith in

Os eae

NER pe yen es eg

 

eS)

the future

of J le. Their progress is without 3 e ; ;
parallel fn aul history. 1 was never prouder — rownl ng: vice at very little more cost the choicest, softest kidskins worsted Panama Voile, in new blouse shapes, hand-
of being a black man than at this moment. th be somely trimmed in black and colors—they are |
Wherever a school has been opened for the . - oe s than ready-made. at can can grown and maak ih blick, blades and’ browne

,

outh America, 80 per cent, But of the ne-
groes, after only forte years of freedom, only
44 per cent. are illiterate. With but two
score years of oppor Unley they have blotted
out more than half of their ignorance and
degradation.

fi may surprise you to learn that the negroes
are helping themselves very materially to
get their enlightenment. In @ recent year
the amount expended for the education of
negroes in eight counties of Florida was
$19,000, But the negroes of those counties
contributed themelves for school purposes
in that same year $22,000, providing a surplus.
In Mississippi $250,000, or 20 per cent. of the
entire school fund, is set apart for negro
children, but the negroes of that State them-
selves contribute through taxation $280,000.
Yet there is still a woful lack of educational
opportunities for both races in the South,

‘The problem cannot be solved by emigra-
tion, amalgamation nor by extermination.
It can be solved only by sympathetic co-
operation between the whites and blacks of
the South, for the South is the most satis-
factory and suitable habitat of the negro.
Nowhere else can he work out his salvation;

trede as black,
a good workman he gets the job to build the
white man’s house as often as the white
carpenter.

Stdee us, you white men and women of the
| North, by that carpenter and storekeeper.
Measure us, in part at least, by the black
in the schoolroom as well as by the one in

 

Shanghai Crepe.

‘Double width (42 inches).
Lyons dye.

Navy blue, myrtle, silver
and slate grey, brown, pas-
tel green, ivory and oyster
white, cream and black.

1.10 per yard.

New, Summer dress Silks.
Check and Stripe patterns,

75c. per yard.

 

Twenty-third Street.

 

 

NEW CATHOLIC COURT HERE.

 

ELEVEN PRIESTS OF THE PURPLE
WILL SURROUND MGR. FARLEY.

The Especial Honor Conferred on Mgr.
Mooney Appreoilated by Few Outside
the Chureh—It Gives Him Precedence
Over Bishopse—New Robes to Be Wern.

i
|

The creation of eight new dignitaries
makes possible in this See a pomp and
aplendor in Roman Catholic ceremonies
not to be surpassed in any city outside

of the Catholic countries of Europe. The |

recent honora which Pope Pius has con-
ferred on New York priests gives to Arch-
bishop Farley a court of eleven prelates
of the purple robes.
| Jt is understood here that these honors
| are due to the Pontiff’s approval of Arch-

New York is the largest Catholic arch-
| diocese in the world.

| The honor sent to Mer. Joseph F. Mooney,
| Vicar-General of the diocese, that of Pro-
| tonotary Apostolic, is a rare one, there

 

 

 

 

“Believe me, Robinson—the first step
toward a success in life is to be fault-
lessly dressed.”’

F — Beau Brummel to his Valet.

AND THE FIRST STEP MUST BE
TAKEN BY THE CHILDREN.
LET THEM BE FAULTLESSLY
DRESSED.

BLOUSE SUITS IN A HUNDRED
VARIETIES, NEVER SHOWN
BEFORE, TO ATTRACT MOTH-
ERS OF BOYS TO OUR CHIL-
DREN'S DEPARTMENT.

ew York

18 to 26 Cooper Square
Brooklyn

Fulton Street and DeKalb Ave., -

Church comes of a noted clerical family. One
of his brothers, Father Edward F, McSwee-
ney is a professor at Mount St. Mary's
Co ae Another brother, Father O’Calla-

han McSweeney, recently died in Rome.

Father McSweeney was educated at St.

Francis Xavier's College and studied for
| the priesthood at Rome, where he was
ordained in 1860. He has been rector of
St. Bridgid’s Church for nearly twenty
years and is a member of the Archbishop's
Council.

Mgr. James H. McGean was born in New
| York and educated at the Jesuit College
in this city. He studied for the priest-
hood at Troy Seminary and was ordained
there in 1865. He is amember of the Arch-
bishop's Council and the director of the
Sisters of Charity.

|
Broadway, bet. 3ist and 32d pe Ny
\
|

 

 

Italian colony in New York, and in the
recent controversy on the Italian question
he was the adviser of Archbishop Farley
and the director of the council called to
investigate this proper

Mer. Edward McKenna, dean of West-

 

on the most modern ideas;
but it is not controlled by a
“trust,” so it is sold at

$800 for the Runabout.

TAILORING
FOR MEN

Smartly Tailored, Good-
Fitting Clothes, at

Moderate Prices

We offer you _ intelligent,
careful and expert service. We
show you an unusually fine
assortment of the most stylish
new fabrics. We guarantee a
perfect fit. Yetour prices place
custom tailoring at your ser-

require extravagance. Let us
prove it to you: ;

Business Sack Suits, of fancy cheviota
and worsteds, made to your order at
$25 to $10.

English Cutaway Frock Suits of mixed
cheviota and neat worsteds, at $27.50
to $42.50.

Special Double-breasted Frock Coat
and Waistcoat of fine black unfinished
worsted, silk-lined, at $35.

Top-Coats of light colored covert
cloth, silk-lined, at $30.

Second floor, Fourth ave.

CUSTOM

Two Handsome Styles

 

unapproached playing qualities

of the ANGELUS.
Rapidity of action

quicker response to the player's

means

stands absolutely alone, in a

class far above all its followers
and imitators.

Piano Store, Fifth floor.

 

The Most delightful
Gloves That Man or
Woman Ever Wore

Reynier Gloves are made of

the best fitting gloves in the
world.

The new Spring styles are the
finest we ever fitted to theends.
All sorts and colors ready.
omen's Overseam Suede Gloves,

$1
Women's Pique Suede Gloves, $2.

pique, $2.

fs Men's Kid Gloves, outseam or pique
2.25.

Women's Gloves, Tenth street.

Men’s Cloves, Broadway and Ninth
street.

 

Beautiful TAILOR-MADE

Specially Made for Us

And Much Below Regular Prices

|
question |
of the native blacks, and vet the mining in- ; ; | ° a
dustry there languishes and is erippled by | $900, with tonneau, seating |touch—finer and more perfect Much in Demand at Present. oa
lack of labar. ‘Phe 5,000,000 Oaee ied M4 | f ] ‘ ki d B t ] f ‘ ° I | .
y Vhy? They have never been upliftec | : c * : - 5
wera val arth 1ey. whites thes ha ve had James McCree 2 Co | i) Vs ee ea a i é ie rol Of expression In every | | WOMEN’S WAISTS — of cream and
PAH aie OG UCL Therefore their ry & ve | r ° | i i i i i
Bee cad ® And Sripiitive aud thelr wants | 8 | . 2 BYG 2 met Zate % rm | | white lace, silk lined, ointed yoke with
few And empleo Oat ety ate ee ney | in either style, ready for im-| Come and see the Angelus for | grape lace trimming—value $8.75; at
, c only one yin 3 B 3 . : a sae '
cannot be, imade to work the rest of the Silks. | mediate delivery. yourself. Compare it inside and
time, for the incentive is lack ‘ | * : :
Pin ney ht millions sar-| Outside, m . 6 5
R OE eee een thtte work, anddo work, six | Om Monday, March the 28th. Onenle Gus Mais Store, Aud at Gare) echanically or artis e e
Sit) days a week Why? pecans cao an ee ane #f ticully, and you will agree, as WOMEN’S WAISTS f ll fi d
a8 siviligh 7 ac j ther race have in- , Last e ; — -
’ Oe ee on Santa : “The Southern black | Seven thousand yards of all who know it agree, that it Of MO YST aute

 

Net, embroidered popes yoke, finished
at neck with bands
silk lined—value $12.00; at

  

proofed materials at the very lowest possible
chandise of this high character can be obtaine
a few hints of splendid values:

Two Very Desirable Waists.

of silk and fagoting,

(Third Floor.)

$8.95.

Splendid Specials From Our Great Stock of

Women’s Ready-to-Wear Garments

For Monday and Tuesday's Selling.

taffeta, new plaited stylish
are Black Broadcloth and new fancy
mixtures. .

i sewers

Value $25.00.

steer oe

larless, strapped seams, fly front, me-
dium length, taffeta lined...

Value $12.50.

see eewere

collarless or corset effects, silk lined
and strapped all over.........-......

Value $15.00.

 

Also Silk Blouses, Silk Coats and Evening Coats,
at extremel; moderate prices.

(Third Floor.)

 

 

A Special showing of Covert Suitings and English Water- |
rices that mer-
Here are

for.

COVERT CLOTH and SUITINGS, per yard...............$1.00, $1.25

Ne } nil. Consider the negro buying his land and | being only twelve members of that college. | chester, is also of the Archbishop's Council.
bullding his ppeuee se wall a6 the hegre i8 It carries with it many privileges and pre- | He is a New ZORREE by bins but has been a a ene WATERPROOF SUITINGS, per yard ...... BLEUE S¢ 0.8 0.8 rereeee $1.50
a: a ' tere Dy the depths from which we | cedence over high dignitaries in the Church, | 40 extensive traveller, He accompanied | | | Sati : z : : COVERT TAILOR CLOTH, per yard. ............. treeterereeees .
é i rine ee | Fy ell tise (he O6URES Wab CRATES With Archbishop Farey stp Rome, lant veer, The first is @ collection of fifty Eton Tailor-Made Suite of COVERT CLOTH, WATERPROOFED, per yard......... eee yt .
iF BA Laas Jia) Wega oad ea yan pollessing Penores prthe sos of martyrs. is known a the puliger o c urehee and handsome voile, with dress length skirts. Colors include WATERPROOFE.D CRAVENETTE, per yard..............: $2.10
i, Te tpt tac : n memory of this it is still employed in | the orator of the diocese, He was a Roman : : : ,
one of the big life in:urance companies preparing for the canonization of saints. student, but made most of his studies in black, navy blue, brown, and light colorings. The Eton | ENGLISH CRAVENETTE, per yard.............. $2.25, $2.50, $2.98

a in this city has recently instructed its agents
iP to consider the lives of thrifty educated
; blacks as “standard risks.” Healso referred
| to a bateh of 136 lettera received by him
; from well-lo-co white men of the South,
most of whoin had admitted that education
had made the black a better citizen from
every point of view.

Then he told the story of the dusky here-
ine of Tuskegee. This is the story as he
told it:

This young woman, Anna Davis, because
of some misunderstanding about her studies,
could not graduate. But she arose to the
emergency and accepted her own failure as
an incentive to make the most of what she
bag have some education, Mr. Washington,”
she said to me, “and I will go where it may
be useful.” ; f

Then we lost aight of her for awhile. She

 

a TEE TS NITE N SA TENT TY PET ORPSE SL nara 2

\ and unable to use to advantage what little

; they had. They mortgaged their crops
every year to pay the rents of their hovels.

First she installed herself in the tumble-

_ down log schoolhouse and won the interest

yj and sympathy of the children. Next she

i induced all the parents to come there to a

At one timeits members had precedence
over Bishops. This is granted to them
in the Papal Chapel now. In state cere-
monies they rank next to Cardinal deacons,
They take precedence over all dignitaries
except Bishops in cathedral, collegiate
and patriarchal churches.

Apostolic prothonotaries are of the family
of the Pope and at the entrance of a sover-
eign into Rome the members of the College
in the Eternal City rank before even Arch-
bishops, unless the latter are assistants at
the Papal throne. The wardrobe of a
prothonotary is almost as elaborate and
picturesque as that of a bride. He is sup-
plied with a variety of costumes and robes

summer of silk. The facings, linings
and buttons of this robe are of crimson,
With it is worn a girdle of vioiet silk. Ifa
black cassock be worn,the bindings, facings
and buttons are of violet. For masses,

' the United States.
| Mer. Lavelle, rector of the Cathedral,
| was born in New York and attended Man-
| hattan College. He was ordained at Troy
and came immediately to St. Patrick’s
Cathedral, where he hag been since. He
is Vicar-General and a member of the
Archbishop's Council.

Upon the return of Archbishop Farley
from Rome next week a formal reception
will be given at the Catholic Club in honor
of the Archbishop and the new dignitaries.
At the pontifical vespers, which Archbishop
Farley will celebrate in the Cathedral on
Easter Sunday, all the monsignori will be
present in their purple robes,

 

 

WOULDN'T ATTACK OATHOLIOS.

 

Methodist Conference yesterday by the
adverse action taken on the report of the
g@>neral missionary oause committee. The
report was read by the Rev. James Coote
of Norwich, Conn., and contained strictures

buttons.

At Twenty-One

at $15 a Suit.

ee

of wool etamine, in the various colors.

jackets are prettily trimmed with strapping of taffeta silk, and
edged down the front with bands of fancy trimming and
Skirts are made with plaited flare, and trimmed
with the silk strapping to correspond with the juckets
Entire suits are lined throughout with taffeta silk.

These dresses should sell regularly for $30. Just made up,
in the latest styles, and now offered by us

Dollars a Suit

The second offering is a similar collection of Walking Suits

Also with Eton jackets

These suits should sell regularly at $22; but are Juow offered

|
|
|
Women's Kid Gloves, overseam and

Second floor, Broadway.

 

_ JOHN WANAMAKER

 

Special for Monday,
FANCY MELROSE CLOTHS in black and colors; a
very stylish and a most desirable weave. Special for Mon-
day, per yard...

«| 55c

(First Floor—Special Table No. 2.)

55c |

 

 

Two Great Values in

Black Silks.

ALL SILK BLACK CREPE DE CHINE,
double width—regularly sold at $2.00 per yard—
Special for Monday.......ccccowscccscsscees

| $1.25

‘gl : ‘ : i with silk strapping a i irte j
} out, Bea ee ee aaah onEnnunity for the occasions on which his rank is | Methodist Conference Resents Intolerance ‘trimmed : Pps nd fancy vesting. Skj are in teecconece
in which to do her. work She found the recognized, in a Report on Missions. the length that just clears the ground; made with plaited 3,500 yards l
phic = . . :
| Wreck of 4 log cabin which ob infrequent | For everyday wear the prothonotary wears | New Beprorp, Mass, March 27.~A etir |] , effect on each gore, with flaring plaits at the bottom; unlined. RELIABLE BLACK. TATFETA, for lining— » 48c
Ih und the men poverty strickerand illiterate | @ violet cassock, in winter of wool and in | was caused in the New England Southern Special for Monday, per yard.................. Niveeeeee

(Tirst Floor, Special Table No. 1.)

Wash Dress Goods.

 

 

 

H meeting. She taught them enough arith- | vespers and benediction the prothonotary .

-_ metic to know the value of thelr scunt earns wante a violet cassock with Rae GolbTed or tae Roman Catholics pone brought Will Pl S ° l S 1
ines und to appreciate the folly _o eir | lining, violet silk stockings, gold shoe | forth a vigorous protest from the Rey, | e
mortgages and improvidence. She had | huckles, violet gloves over which he may | William F. Butler of East Weymouth. Broadway, 4th ave., oth and 10th sts. ! BOS Ot pecia ale as Follows :

{ learned something of agriculture at Tuskegee
| and she taught them that She went from
i : eabin to cabin to teach by example « better
: way of living

Hi Now what was the result of that one girl's
H courage and readiness to tackle an appar-
ently hopeless cnse? In three or four years
there was a frame schoolhoure on the site of
the old log wreck and all the children were

wear a gold ring with one brilliant and a
lace rochet with crimson cuffs. The man-
telletta which tops this, is of the same
material as the cassock. With it is worn
a black biretta blocked with three corners.
Out of doors a prot honotary when in rochet
and mantelletta wears a black hat with rose

The passage objected to was;

“The marvellous success of our missions
in most all lands has led to the erroneous
conclusion that the work of world evangeli-
zation was nigh accomplished, whereas
it is actually only beginning.

| Formerly A. T, Stewart & Co.,

 

 

 

 

mental to the interests of the conference
and the Church, and moved reference of
the report back to the committee for re-

 

 

 

 

 

 

Arrangements have been made to have all
those who have been invited notified when
the Prinzess Irene is sighted andthe Favor-

4,500 yds. of SUPERFINE SILK CHAMBRAY, 27 inches wide, )
all the new spring shades, also black—Regular 45c. per yard, at..... ) 25c

5,600 yds. IMPORTED KNICKER SUITINGS, one of the most |
desirable fabrics for entire costumes—Value 25c. per yard, at....... \ l4c

Also in White Goods:

i @ j hoo rear inste linings and rose colored cord. “Whi ; : ai : : j
j going to school eight months a year instead | colored g re r While the paganism of A i vision. ite will leave thi ; 100 pieces of SUPERFINE MERCERIZED WHITE. MADRAS
of practically not at all. ‘The ¢ had in- | This makes six turns and t inat Sila numbers < : ' ave the pier one hour later. : ; s 5 nee . .
crensed, “the community was Out of debt. alk tanecis of the same Solon artatiaae in about half the population of the Blobe, vate le opoenion Vale Ebay § mee Arrangements are also es oe eS ue IF er heat pes muvee Bt SBE aise SHAT Han 35¢
. p P given to roh- — . eb eering wehereeee Cbs asielhiarks eieieit 4i4.eSlbis aaa es}

Little franie cottages bad taken the places of
the miserable shanties, and they were owned
by their occupants.

“When IT went there a year ago and found

had acraped and saved to put up that frame
achoolhouse before they thought of bettering
their own homes.

“T will tell you how I did it,” the girl eaid.
Then she showed me an account book. It
showed the contributions to the school build-
ing fund. There were some small cash
contriviutions but there were more. con-
ibutions of eggs and chickens to be sold for

three rows. The hat of a prothonotary used
at a reception is placed on his coffin at his
funeral service,

 

| The vest of a RECtHGOOVALy is of violet silk
; and like a Bishop he must wear it at all
times as indicating his rank.

| While the robes of the other monsignori
will not be so elaborate as those of Mgr.
Mooney, they will nevertheless form a
brilliant setting at state functions in the
Cathedral. Their cassocks will be of violet
and they will wear the purple mantelletta.

It is black, nearly flat, |

while the heart of Africa has hardly been
stirred to a consciousness of the blessings
that abound in Christ for her degraded

South America are under the thrall «fa
type of Christianity almost as bad as pagan-
ism, surely we must conclude that those
places that summer in the light of the
| gospel are only cases in the desert, green

or beautiful, but all around a gloomy waste
| expanding to the skies, af

|
|
|
ihe
|

TO GREET ARCHBISHOP FARLEY.

At a meeting of the officers of the arch-
diocese and of many prominent laymen,
arrangements were completed for a welcome
to Archbishop Farley upon his return
from Rome on Wednesday morning
on the North German Lloyd steamship

bishop Farley and his new court:of Mon-
gignori at the Catholic Club soon after
er.

to Archbishop Farley to consecrate Father
Cusack on St. Mark's Day, April 25. er
is not a feast on which a consecration
ordinarily can be performed, but owing
to the desire of the Archbishop to have
the ceremony as 600n as possible, a special
dispensation was granted. Seven Bishops
will be present at the ceremony.

 

(First Floor—Special Table No. 3.)

yur old pupil who didnt graduate, L asked | lined with crimson, and ties under the chin : hi ‘ , ' ,
ger Rae alte eg? didn f rac ate, aaked with’ a Griinson cord ending in foul tassels. multitudes, while our possessions in | Party of Distinguished Clergy and Laymen A cablegram from Rome announced yes- e e
achool principally, she told me. The blacks Orient and, the vast expanse of to Go Down the Bay. terday that permission had been granted €a all mitation Laces.

Were 65c. to $1.48 Yard, at 25c. and 35c.

    

WOMEN'S WALKING SUITS—Medium length |
military coats, handsomely trimmed and lined with
skirts — materials

$19.75,

WOMEN'S SUITS—Dress or walking lengths, of |

it has been fil They will go with- : \ :
eat ood they may learn litte and have Ki ng-9- © Having clothing made ex- tanned. They are cut with the also fancy tweeds............ Serat $25.00
their children learn more. In 7
r cent, of the population are illiterate; in actly as you want it need not expert skill that makes them \ Value $30.00,

WOMEN'S JACKETS — Of fine cheviots, cok

$9.75

WOMEN’S COVERT CLOTH JACKETS,

$10.00

About 120 pieces (odds and ends) of very desirable Real and

ey ; the school. : i vori
; e : 7 Sand heaider thin the young womanieald: of the seven, four are Mc's, one is an O! “God in his wise but inscrutable provi- Bb ped sere ae ere) Favorite e : |
F: 7 we had a little cotton plantation of our | nd all are of Irish birth or descent. They | dence is rolling in ever-increasing vol 1as been chartered by the priests, and sev- Ishop-Elect Cusack in His New Parish. REAL LACES—Cluny, Wood Fibre, Anti Arabi k
, own. The schol leared represent both partie Archbi ’ i B ue h i h i ‘ Fri, QRER RE: YSEbbiAn, Sancramey, Yah

. Bs aun. 1 ne scholar cleared 4 piece of land P et Parties in Are 1 bop Cor- | to our shores the ignorance and vice which, | ®T@! hundred priests, all the Monsignori of Bishop-Elect, Cusack, who, at the time of Torchon and others.

: | BACK pf the sono! and yorked on fl svery Ee iRsaie in the fate apaye Agured if not Cloaneed and jHeteeee, by the | the diocese and at least four of the seven hisappointmentas Auxiliary Bishop to Ash MACHINE MADE LACES—Point de Venise, Cluny, Florentine, Mech-
7. t vu ' pated ore ' minentl} \ 2 ; 8 ide of love and purity flowing fr ffragan Bi b j 7 : : a i i i es, Chanti i E scuria
two baler, © cotton a year and that kept in New works Rear Nee the heart of chureh of God. will eee eo We Abner aia Gadeiate, eae Farley, was alao appointed to the ||, aoa hese Repousse, Lierre, Valenciennes, Chantilly, Silk Escurial

“ fn 3 z ? : . , y, rec y , : i ’ ' , > St. Ste , ¥ .
; J wa to add, paid Mr. Washington of Holy Cross, is perhaps the moet striking. life ree cea we all over national | Father James V. Lewis; Chancellor Patrick in East Alea hy ey ia: ie Were marked 65c. to $1.48 per yard
. oe Ve one etary, ee K iakeges has He was one of the strongest defenders ie The reading of the report was received | J: Hayes and the Rev. Dr. MoMackin, who | himself to the people of his vers h i S i l
{ wisdom to do Sarork, We sive (het yout Pnetink lhanc Corks ako wine ‘eed hi silence until the Rev. Mr. Butler got on | accompanied the Archbishop, will be taken | masses yesterday "Tai e arse ate ann pecia at 25c. and 35C. per yard.
: ago almost caused | his feet in protest. He said he could not | on board the Favorite, which, decked with ) from 5:30 A. M. till the solemn mace at i Kirst Floor—Special Table.)

- if woman her diploma.”
, es Dr. Adler announced that contributions

a division in the Church here. He openly
expressed his disapproval of Archbishop

let the characterization of Roman Catholi-

the national flag and the Archbishop's

o'clock. The Bishop-elect walked in the

 

Imitation Lace Edgings, Insertings, Galloons and Bandings, in
black, white, cream, ecru, Arabian and two-toned effects—The
assortment comprises

|
|
|
|
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HATS, mixed Braids—splendid values at....... $1.25 |
|

 

i” : ees ‘ ‘ oism asa type of Christianit ‘ : j ; | EE '

it ‘ Put i the Roxes at oye Seba oui bs ac ded Forrigsn gcourae, and remained estranged | as paganion, and the Sader ar Tee Ath since can SDN Hee Wee Thirty- Year gt the Palms and made a short
7 EF; of thove who had heard Booker T. Washing- Meee tLe ee SPrlinaton eo Ue Siar coer ete Loreen Leonard A. Giegerich, president | cration will take place on St. Mark's: Des, Sixth Avenue 20th to 21st St t

. . } im ’° 4 ‘ vit " rn { ‘ ° ; ma . a ¥,
ton's addres dodged the boxes, Mer. P. F. McSweeney of St. Bridgid’s | jection. He thought it would be. detri- are mes Sil kooersees 4 Try, Sills soivides to Wee Meee a? SAT EN ORO oc , ? ~ ee

Dene PA RE cca AEE TN en eR RRC te NER et +

 

Bis ih ey Gi A WES L  s R

his business opportunity is there. If the M Tok PK

black man in the South has a grocery store | bishop Farley's administration and his Mgr. John P. Kearney, rector of 8t. * t ss S t f
) he will have as mu hit ey i a Patrick's old cathedral is a noted mis- SI l f | S fi WOM n he i ) e d i ) q |

and keeps it clean He the have as much white | re ognition of the fact that,except Vienna, | sionary. He has spiritual charge of the | or | I oO ep