s

_

   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
   

eT EY EE

ODELL AND THE BISSERT CASE

EFFORTS TO GET STATE BAR
ASSOCIATION TO INQUIRE

   

 

While It Is Considering the Case of Jus-
tlee Hooker—Names of Witnesses
Suggested—Littauer Here, Littauer
There, Littauer, Littaner Everywhere,

Gov. Odell, who will become chairman
of the Republican State committee in April,
was to have selected ex-Representative
William L, Ward of Westchester to be
chairman of the executive committee,
according to Goy. Odell’s adherents at
the Hotel Manhattan last night. The
investigation now in progress of Mr. Ward's
connection with the Westchester political
scandal may give the place to William C.
Warren of Buffalo, Gov. Odell himself
has known all along of Mr. Ward's con-
nection with the ballot printing scandal
in Westchester, and a disclosure was im-
minent last night which had for its founda-
tion the names of George Bissert, former
Police Captain Diamond’s wardman, Mr.
Ward, Representative Lucius N. Littauer,
Supreme Court Justice Warren B. Hooker
and Gov. Odell.

Republicans, it was stated, are trying
to get the sub-committee of the New York
State Bar Association to investigate this
matter. The facts, it is stated, are known
to ex-County Judge J. Rider Cady of Hud-
son and Gen. Henry ©. Henderson of White
Plains, who, together with Frederick B.
House, were Bissert's attorneys; as well
as ex-District Attorney Eugene Philbin
and his former assistants; District Attorney
Jerome; and William C. Warren, and to
members of the New York City Bar Asso-
ciation.

Republicans interested in President
Roosevelt's political fortunes do not hesi-
tate to say that the Republican party in
the Empire State has fallen upon evil days.
On the eve of a Presidential campaign
they submit the following digest:

Gov. Odell proved to have been a stock-
holder of record in Matthews & Co., grocery
contractors with State institutions; Gov.
Odell's United States Shipbuilding bond
venture; his support of HKichards & Co.,
Littauer’s brothers-in-law, in their effort
to recapture control of the Ellis Island
money changing graft; Gov. Odell’s con-
nection with the Peekskill State camp
graft, and his postal graft, with a few other
matters not developed.

Representative Littauer’s glove and
gauntlet Government graft. Mr. Littauer
threatened five months ago to demand
an investigation in the House of Repre-
sentatives. He has not carried out his
threat, although the House is Republican
by a majority of 80. There are also a
few other matters on tap for Mr. Littauer.

Senator Brackett’s graft at Saratoga,
through his client Dick Canfield.

Justice Hooker's post office lease and
other postal graft now being investigated
by the New York State Bar Association.

Representative James S. Sherman’s Pull-
man palace car t and his connection
with Kepresentative Vreeland's (Justice
Hooker's Congressman) bill, which would
take from the Seneca Indians of Chautau-
qua and Cattaraugus counties the $300,000
appropriated by Congress for them four
years ago.

Senator Elon R. Brown’s miscellaneous
art feed, which piled up is quite a

illock,

These are only @ few of the grafting in-
cidents, and they are only mention to
indicate the drift.

Republicans, unaccustomed to such a
state of affairs, find the outlook gloomy,
especially as they recall that Gov. Odell
is to be State chairman when the farmers
are bitterly opposed to him because of his
Barge Canal machine, which puts upon
them taxes for $101,000,000, being per-
fectly aware that before the scheme is
half way in operation it will be demon-
strated that $300,000,000 will be needed for
the job, and all for the purpose of upbuild-
ing an Odell machine for the maintenance
of Odellism in the State.

The action of the ublican convention
of Broome county on Saturday night was
commented upon yesterday. At this con-
vention the mention of Gov. Odell’s name
several times called out hisses. Resolu-
tions were adopted indorsing the admin-
istration of Roosevelt, pledging support to
Senator Platt, who had “won his friends by
honesty, not by treachery and deception,”
and approving of Col, George W. Dunn,
of whom President Roosevelt was stated
to have said he “is a friend to be trusted
because he never lied to me.”

Gov. Odell is to be one of the delegates
at large for New York State to the Repub-
lican national convention.

“I don’t know your Governor,” said a
Republican United States Senator from
another State yesterday, “but some of us
in Washington get to talking about matters,
and the conversation the other night at
the Arlington turned on Senator Platt
and Gov. Odell. It was the opinion of
those present that Gov. Odell’s treatment
of Senator Platt was inconceivably treach-
erous. Mr. Platt had given Mr. Odell all
he ever had in politics, and we were of the
opinion that your Governor will attract
considerable attention in the _ national
convention for his behavior to Platt. I,

perecnally: wouldn't care to have my fellow

epublicans speak of me as they speak of
vour Governor. It strikes me, if we are to
clear the path for victory in your State
next November, some other man than Gov.
Odell will have to be put at the helm.”

OLD JOB FOR M*CULLAGH AGAIN?

Odell Said to Have Settled on Removing
Morgan.

Although George W. Morgan, Superin-
tendent of Elections, bas not resigned his
job, yet to oblige Gov. Odell friends of the
Governor were authority yesterday for
the statement that John McCullagh was
to get the job again.

Gov. Odell refused to reappoint McCullagh
when his term was up and there were stories
in December that Tammany would make Mc-
Cullagh First Deputy Police Commissioner.
But it was said yesterday that McCullagh
had recently become an Odell man and
was willing to be Mr. Morgan has
not been good, so it is said, and his refusal
to resign is causing the Governor a lot of
trouble. Unless he does resign in a few
days, so it was said yesterday, Gov. Odell
is to remove him and send MeCuilagh’s
name to the Senate. The law requires that
the Governor file his reasons for such a
removal and Mr. aoe is going to fight,
according to his friends.

PARKER IN ILLINOIS.

Chairman Hopkins Comes On and Sees the
Parker Boomers.

John P. Hopkins, chairman of the Demo-
cratic State committee of Illinois, was in
town yesterday and had a talk with William
F. Sheehan and others who are in charge
of the Parker boom. It was said that his
errand was to solicit aid against Hearst in
illinois from the Parker men here with the
understanding that if the Parker boom
materializes after the first ballot in the
national convention the Illinois delegates
opposed to Hearst would throw theirstrength
to Parker.

Mr. Hopkins said that Illinois had a can-
didate of her own in the person of Congress-
man James R. Williams, and that the Illi-
nois delegation would support him at first.
He thought that Hearst would muster
not more than twenty delegates in Illinois.

 

 

 

Norwich, N, Y., Sends Hearst Delegates,

Norwicnu, N. Y., March 27.—Delegates
favoring Hearst for President, but against
instructing delegates from Chenango
county to the State oonvention for any
candidate, were elected at the Democratic
“aucus in Norwich on Saturday night by
23 majority over a ticket favoring instruc-
tions for Parker. Three hundred and thirty-
nine votes were cast. The outlook at pres-
ent is that Tuesday's convention will send
@p uninstructed delegation to Albany.

nr cnt a SSS snc Sls Sem es em sen se sma pms memes ss aanepcaeanss ase
Se SSS ns sss nineteen roe
a
=>
>
&
2
"“E
tom
es
.

WATERSPOUT IN CHESAPEAKE,

 

Oyster Paongy Runs Foul of One, but Es-
capes Without Injury.

BALTIMORE, March 27.—The oyster pungy
Henrietta, which arrived to-day from the
St. Mary’s River, encountéred a waterspout
in the Chesapeake late on Friday afternoon.
While approaching Cove Point the lookout
on the Henrietta saw the huge column of
water about three hundred yards distant
from the vessel. He was frightened and
yelled to Capt. Jacobs, who was aft at the
wheel.

The captain and other members of the
crew gazed at the swirling upright stream
of water. “It's a spout,” cried Mate Samp-
son. “Look out, captain, we don't get
mixed up with it.”

A stiff northwest wind was blowing and
the spout was moving down the bay. The
pungy was brought about, and running
before the wind Capt. Jacobs soon had his
vessel out of danger. Waterspouts are
seldom seen in Chesapeake Bay.

 

CAUGHT WITH STOLEN LEAD.
Came From the Masury Factory, Which
Has Been Robbed for Years.

The arrest early yesterday of Daniel
Kenny, 18 years, and Hyman Lemon, 16
years, both of 26 Madison street, and the
capture of 150 pounds of soldering lead that
they were dragging in a cart led to the
arrest of James Gaynor, a night watchman
for John W..Masury.& Son, paint manu-
facturers at 52 Jay street, Brooklyn.

The two boys were dragging the two-
wheeled cart along the sidewalk when a
policeman at New Chambers and Cherry
streets told them to move to the street.
They couldn't drag the lead over the cobbles
and two detectives who had been talking
to the policeman investigated and then
arrested the boys. Kenny said they had
bought the stuff of Gaynor for $14.35. It
was worth nearly $40.

After locking the two boys up the de-
tectives went to Brooklyn and caught
Gaynor, who admitted pone the stuff,
but said it had been left with him by a
stranger to be sold.

Charles F. McCartny, superintendent of
the paint works, was than routed out. He
said that for more than eight years the
firm has been losing lead, thousands of
pounds of it having Been stolen.

HEARST’S BOOM IN THE WEST.
Iowa Likely to Declare for Him—South

 

 

Dakota Is His Already.

Des Morngs, Ia., March 27.—Practically
all effort to prevent the instructing of the
Iowa delegation to the national Democratic
convention to vote for Hearst has been
abandoned. The overwhelming victory
of Hearst in all conventions held yesterday
has satisfied the anti-Hearst organization
that the New Yorker has stolen a march on
them and organized each county so thor-
oughly that opposition is helpless.

Fiftéen per cent. of the county conven-
tions have been held and 98 per cent. of
the delegates that have been chosen have
been instructed for Hearst. The situation
is distasteful to a majority of the party
leaders, but they are helpless.

Of the twenty-five Democrats in the
Legislature, twenty-one are opposed to
Hearst, and half of them will not vote for
him at the polls. i

St. Pavuu, Minn., March 27.—Four hun-
dred out of the 722 delegates to the South
Dakota convention, which will meet on
Wednesday, have been instructed for
Hearst. One hundred and twelve dele-
gates are uninstructed. Hearst delegates
to the St. Louis convention will be chosen
and instructed to vote for him. United
States Senator Pettigrew will be temporary
chairman.

Mr. Pettigrew will be chairman of the
delegation to St. Louis. He has been
chairman of the delegation to three national
Repdblican conventions, one Populist
national convention and one Democratic
convention.

Topeka, Kan., March 27—A summary
to-day of the delegates elected to the State
Democratic convention which will meet at
Wichita on April 7 shows that Hearst and the
anti-Hearst forces are about tied. About
two hundred delegates are to be chosen
next week, and of these the anti-Hearst
faction, headed by David Overmeyer,
claim a majority.

Overmeyer is bitterly op to in-
etructions. He believes that the Democrats
of the country could unite on Gen. Miles
for President. Gold Democrats and Bryan-
ites could come to Gen. Miles’s support
without humiliation, he says, whi is
the only hope of defeating Roosevelt.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill., March 27.—The anti-
Hearst faction in Sangamon county has
won a victory by fixing the county prima-
ries for April 23 and the convention for April
29. The Hearst men wanted an early
primary, the object heing to
committed to the Hearst candi
New York aks.

YANKTON, 5. D., March 27.—The Yankton
county Democratic convention yesterday
instructed ita twenty-two delegates to
the State convention for Hearst for Presi-
dent.

San Francisco, March 27.—The Mercer
Democratic county committee last night

, by vote of 7 to 6, a resolution indors-

ng the candidacy of Congressman Hearst

for the Presidential nomination. Delegates
to the State convention were then elected.

Austin, Tex., March 27.—A movement
has been started among Texas Democrats
to have the delegates to the national con-
vention instructed to cast their first ballot
for Senator Bailey for President.

The contest in Texas will be between
Parker and Hearst, the latter having already
perfected an organization which extends
to eve re of the State. The Texas Con-
gress delegation are doing their utmost
to offset the Hearst sentiment,
being their favorite for President,
favors Gorman’s nomination.

et Iinois
y before

Parker
Bailey

 

Will Send an Anti-Hearst Delegate.

PaTERSON, N. J., March 27.—The first
primaries for Presidential delegates from
New Jersey will take place in Passaic county
on Tuesday evening. There will be no
contest, as Chairman Gourley of the State
Democratic committee has asked that he
be chosen, and all the delegates are to be
instructed for him. He is a pronounced
anti-Hearst man.

 

The Weather.

The weather was falr over all the country yester-
day, except along the east Gulf coast and In Fiorida,
where it was cloudy and showery. Cooler weather
from an area of high pressure was moving from
the Northwest with a cold wave. It was felt over
the Central and Southern States where the tempera-
ture dropped 20 to 30 degrees.

There was a slight fall of temperature in the
Atlantic States, but {t was not down to the freezing
The cold spent its force over the Central

point.
It was becoming warmer

States and Lake regions.
in the Northwest.

In this city the day was fair, wind fresh westerly,
slightly cooler; average humidity, 63 per cent.;
barometer, corrected to read to sea level, at 8 A. M.,
90.02; at 3 P. M., 30.05.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
is shown in

oficial thermometer, the annexed

table:
1903. |
48°, 6P.M.....

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
For eastern New York, eastern Petnsylrania, New

Jersey and Delaware, fatr to-day and to-morrow;

warmer to-morrow; Ught to fresh west winds.

For Maryland and the District of Columbia, fair
to-day and to-morrow; warmers to-morrow; light,
variable winds.

For New England, fair to-day and to-morrow;
warmer to-morrow; light, variable winds, becoming
fresh westerly.

For western New York, snow to-day, followed by
fair and warmer by night; fair and warmer to-mor-
row; fresh West winds.

| she became unconscious.

are } RN ,
ERATOR *

THE SUN, MONDAY, MARCH: 28, 1904.

 

 

HILL MEN SAY NO COMPROMISE || --=--—

Hnox |
HAT

Instinctively man gazes up- |
|
|

 

MEAN TO PUT THROUGH IN-
STRUCTIONS FOR PARKER.

And Hill Knows the Game, Too—Tried
It for Himself tn 1892, When New
York Furnished, but Did Not Name,
Candidate—Parker May Have a Say.

Senator Patrick H. McCarren said yes-
terday: “The Democratic State conven-
tion of April 18 will surely instruct the dele-
gation to vote for Chief Judge Alton B.
Parker. There isto be no compromise in
thia matter.” William F. Sheehan also
said most positively that the delegation
would surely be instructed for Parker.

Senator McCarren and Mr. Sheehan
are Judge Parker's chief boomers below
The Bronx line and are fully acquainted
with what is going on. Yet other Demo-
crats equally friendly to Judge Parker's
candidacy said that perhaps he would
have something to say at the last moment,
inasmuch as he would not care to have
the New York State delegation start for
St. Louis full of dissension.

Judge Parker, it was added by these
Democrats, well remembers that the dele-
gation was not instructed for Cleveland
in 1884, when Cleveland won out in the
national convention. The Judge was a
delegate to that convention. In 1892 David
B. Hill held his convention at Albany in
February and bound the convention by
instructions to vote for him in the June
national convention of that year. Mr.
Hill was easily beaten at Chicago, receiving
only 114 vetes to Cleveland's 617 1-3 on
the first ballot, which nominated Cleveland.

The Democratic State conventions to
name the delegates at large to the National
conventions of 1896 and 1900 were held in
June, whereas this year’s convention is to
be held in April, or only two months later
than the 1892 convention which Mr. Hill
called for the purpose of grappling the
delegates to him with hooks of steel.

Judge Parker's friends dwelt upon this
matter last night and said that they told
Mr. Hill in 1892 that he was committing a
fatal blunder, but that “Mr. Hill wouldn't
listen to us then,” and they added that
evidently Mr. Hill wouldn't listen to any-
body now, even in the face of the sugges-
tion of Senator Blackburn of Kentucky
and Col. James M. Guffey of Pennsylvania
that the New York delegation will make
a mistake fatal for Judge Parker if the
delegation is instructed for him.

“They tell me,” said one of Judge Par-
ker’s friends, “that the situation is different
this year from the situation in 1902 and that
the Democrats of the country are looking
to New York to name the candidate for the
Presidency. I have attended every na-
tional convention of the party as a dele-
gate since 1880, and I tell you I am sincerely
for Parker’s nomination, and I have always
beard this talk that the Democrats of the
country are looking to us for the candi-
date. They look to us to a certain extent,
but they never have looked to us and they
never will look to us to club them into ac-
cepting our candidate. In 1880 they played
the same gag on us. We instructed for
Judge Henry B. Payne of Ohio. Nothing
fell so flat as the Payne boom. We were
positively made ridiculous and Gen. Han-
cock's friends swept us off our feet.

“Charles F. Murphy is playing splendid
politics for the Democrats of the State
and nation. He is being guided by the
precedents of Democratic national history,
whereas Mr. Hill, Mr. McCarren and Mr.
Sheehan appear to be determined to re-
peat the fatal blunder of 1892. In my
opinion, Charles F, Murphy, Mayor MoClel-
lan and Police Commissioner McAdoo, to-
gether with Street Cleaning Commissioner
Woodbury, Fire Commissioner Hayes and
others of the Mayor's household, are doing
more to rehabilitate the Democratio party
in the estimation of the people both of our
own and other States than all the Hills and
Bryans and Gormans in creation.”

“I cannot for the life of me,” concluded
Judge Parker's friend, “understand how
Mr. Hill, if he is sincere in his advocacy
of Judge Parker's nomination, persists in
a course which he himself found by experi-
ence to be fatal to his aspirations to the
Presidential nomination. In so many

i

{
words he and his friends are counselling |
Judge Parker to traverse the identical
pathway and to pursue the identical policy
which brought only defeat to Mr. Hill and
which made the Payne boomers ridiculous
in the eyes of the convention.”

JUSTICE HOLBROOK DEAD
From Complications Following

—Soldier and Lawyer.

Justice William Cune Holbrook of the
Special Sessions died last evening at his
home, 16 West 130th street, of complications
following an attack of grip.

He was the son of the war Governor of
Vermont and was born in Brattleboro,
July 14, 1842. At the outbreak of the civil
war he enlisted as & private in Company
F, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, rising to
the rank of Lieutenant and Adjutant. When
his regiment reenlisted he .became Major
of the Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers,
which was attached to the Department of
the Gulf, 1861-65. Later he became its
Colonel. He was twice  brevetted
gallantry and efficient service.

After the war Col. Holbrook entered
the Harvard law school, but did not gradu-
ate. He came to New York in 1869 and
was admitted to the bar, practising here
until 1885, when paer Strong appointed
him a Justice of the newly constituted
Court of Special Sessions. In 1897 he was
reappointed for a full term of ten years.
He was a member of the Loyal Legion,
Sedgwick Post, G. A. R.; the Society of the
Army of the Potomac, the Bar Association,
and the Army and Navy Club. Ip 1872
he married Miss Anna N. Chalmers, who
died six years ago. Two grown daughters
and a son survive him.

Tammany men said last night that Joseph
F. Moss of the law firmof Howe & Hummel
stood a chance of being appointed to the
vacancy although Leader Tom Rush, Mayor
McClellan's law partner, was also mentioned.
Mr. Moss lives in Mr. Murphy's district and
is an active member of the Anawanda Club.
Mr. Murphy is said to have promised him
some time ago a place as City Magistrate
should a vacancy occur. Justice Holbrook
had three at mgore to serve. His suc-
cessor would fill out this term. The salary
is $9,000 a year.

Grip

for

 

WOMAN BEATEN BY WOMAN.

Mary Renteul Found, Badly Injared, in the
Street—The Other One Arrested.

A woman was found sitting on a pile of
lumber in front of 225 Chrystie street last
night bleeding from several scalp wounds.

Policeman Monahan took her to the
Eldridge street station, where she said she
was Mary Rentuel of 233 East Eighty-
seventh street, and had been beaten by
r, who rents furnished
Then
Dr. Emily Dun-
ning of Governeur Hospital took her to
Bellevue.

The police arrested the Winterme yer
woman and took her to the hospital to be
identified.

he Rentuel woman had recovered con-
She identi-

 

Mary Winterme

rooms at 227 and 229 Chrystie street.

sciousness, but couldn't talk.
fied ber assailant by dumb show, and the
attendants had hard work to keep her from
getting out of bed to attack her.

ot aeetaren ee locked op eine?
with felonious assault. Mary it ma
have a fractured skull. v

wards, and the first thing sized
up is your hat. Ifa Knox, ||
you know it is right, and self |
respect and esteem are more |

than half the battle.

    

LID OFF IN BROOKLYN.

Exctse Law Enforced fn a Liberal Manner
—Some Poolrooms Open, Too.

There was no difficulty in getting a drink
in Brooklyn yesterday. The lid, as far as
drink was concerned, was off, and no at-
tempt was made by the police to screw
it down.

“In all the recent talks about police
affairs,” said a captain yesterday, “nothing
has been said about the enforcement of the
Excise law. But we have been told to clean
out the gambling dens, handbook makers
and saloons that permit women {o frequent
the back rooms. Our idea of the Excise
question, from what we have learned, is
that Police Commissioner McAdoo wants
the Excise law enforced in a liberal manner.
That is, any place that has a reputation for
being quiet and orderly may keep a back
room open, as long as the curtains and
windows are open, thus permitting the
police to see the interior of the barrooms.
There is no intention to oppress such
places.”

In some places it was demonstrated
yesterday that the saloonkeeper has no
fear of arrest. Last evening, in one saloon,
while the shades were down far enough
to permit a policeman to look over it into
the saloon, it was noticed that a number of
men were standing at the bar, and the patrol-
man on the beat paid several visits to the
side door and obtained free drinks.

It is said by many that poolrooms do
exist in that borough and that plays are
made on the races every day.

“I mean by a poolroom,” said the re-
porter's imformant, “a place where you
can place a bet cn a race, where black-
boards are to be seen hanging on the walls,
and these blackboards contain the names
of horses, jockeys, weights and odds. Of
course, Tom, Dick and Harry cannot get
into these places, but the regular frequenters
have no difficulty in getting in or having
their friends go in with them. Yes, sir,
the lid is off. I know it because I play the
races every day and in some cases police-
men whom I know also go to the same
places and play the races.”

Inspector P. H. McLaughlin, who is in
charge of Brooklyn pending the appoint-
ment of a Deputy Commissioner in place
of Deputy Commissioner Haggerty, how-
ever, says that there are no poolrcoms in
Brooklyn and that it is the aim of the pclice
to prevent any poolrooms or handbook
men getting a foothold in that borough.

CARRIED UNCOFFINED CORPSE.

Supported It Upright and Told Police ft
Was a Drunken Man.

Three Italians were arrested yesterday
at Jackson avenue and Fourth street,
Long Island City, while making an effort,
aided by a fourth man who escaped, to con-
vey an uncoffined corpse through the fre-
quented streets toward Newtown Creek.
The men say they intended to take the
body to the house of Antonio Cello, one
of the men arrested, father of the dead
boy, at 109 Third street, Greenpoint. The
body late last night had not been officially
examined and lay in the Seventy-fifth
precinot station house.

Edward Tuite, Daniel F. Dunn, Patrick
McDonough and William Fletcher, boys
living in the neighborhood, were the first
to see anything uncommon in four men
apparently helping a fifth who was seem-
ingly helplessly drunk. Tuite said last
night that the first he and his companion
saw of the four men and the corpse was
on Fourth street. They held the corpse
upright and were carrying him along in
that position. The boys, Tuite said, ran
up to “guy the drunk.” They thought
there was something WEOn E and ran around
to the police station, a block away. A
policeman who was sent with them caught
sight of the party. One man then had the
legs of the corpse under his arms and was
walking between them. The shoulders
were borne by two others. The fourth
man was walking alongside. He saw the

liceman and ran. e others laid the
Rody down, but before they could run
the policeman arrested them.

In explanation of their conduct the oldest
man said the helpless form was that of his
son, that he was drunk and they were sim-
ply carryinghimhome. The policeman sent
to a nearby drug store and Drs. Fry and
McKenna, who were in the drug store,
walked to where the group was. They
said the boy had been dead for some time.

The men said the body was that of Savrio
Cello, 17 years old, of 73 Fourth street, Long
Island City. The prisoners gave their
names as Vionio Gerando, 22 years, of 73
Fourth street, John Konkeley, 24, of 68
Fourth street and Antonio Cello, 42 years,
of 109 Third street, Greenpoint.

At the boarding house at 78 Fourth street
the police learned that the younger Cello
had been drinking heavily for some time
and had died in the afternoon. They could
obtain no explanation as to wh the
men tried to remove the body to Green-
point in such a manner. The Coroner's
Office was notified.

 

 

 

MAN SHOT BY POLICEMAN DIES.

Gilligan, Under Arrest, Is Paroled tn His
Captain's Custody.

James Mulaney of 534 Weat Fiftieth
street, who was shot in the head by Police-
man John Gilligan of the West Forty-
seventh street station, in a row at Tenth
avenue and Fiftieth street, early yesterday
morning, died in Rocsevelt Hespital a few
hours after being reoeived there.

Mulaney and a score of others, including
Jcseph Whiston of 743 Ninth avenue, had
been turned out of Mullin’s saloon on the
southwest corner cf Tenth avenue and
Fiftieth street, at midnight. When Gilligan
came along he ordered them away and
Whiston began to abuse the cop. Gilligan
placed him under arrest.

Whiston began to fight and got Gilli-

an’s club away. Mulaney pitched into

illigan and the policeman drew his re-
volver and shot him. Reeovering his club
again, he laid Whiston out with a crack
over the head. When the reserves of
the West Forty-seventh street siation came
to Gilligan's aid they found him standing
guard over his two prisoners.

As soon as Mulaney was shot one of his

als ran to the rectory of the Church of the
Sacred Heart in Wes: Fifty-first street and
aroused Father McAleer. The priest ad-
ministered the last rites of the Church
to Mulaney as the reserves came running up.

Both prisoners were taken to Roosevalt
Hospital. Whiston had been knocked un-
conscious Lh the pcliceman’s club. He
was in the Fifty-fourth street court later in
the day and was arraigned before Magistrate
Zeller, charged with intoxication and re-
sisting an officer. Because of Mulaney'’s
dea'h he was placed under $1,000 bail for
further examinatjon.

Capt. Hayes went to court with Police-
man Gilligan and explained the circum-
stances of Mulaney's death. The agg Bos rate
Be Gilligan over ae Coroner olor,
Ww aro him in custody of his
copale, oon

A SSS Ss :

119,724 MILES, BURNING OIL,

NEBRASKAN CUTS
PENSES MORE THAN

 

DOWN EX-
HALF.

It Took 9,300 Barrels of Ol) to Bring
Her From California to New York
—Navy Department § Interested in
This American Merchantman’s Feat.

In the white dress she wears in the peren-
nial balm of Pacific ports the American
Hawaiian steamship Nebraskan slipped
into Quarantine yesterday after a voyage
of 12,724 nautical miles from San Diego,
Cal., steaming all the way under power
generated by crude California oil.

She has been using this sort of fuel under
her boilers for the last sixteen months
in trips between San Francisco and Hono-
lulu, a distance of 2,100 miles, which she
covered in seven and a half days. But this
is the first time that she has gone half
around the world using oil only, and she
thus establishes a record as a liquid fuel
burner that is so interesting that several
naval experts will go aboard her to-day,
look over her plant and report on the matter
to the Navy Department.

Russia has seriously undertaken the burn-
ing of crude oil in a large part of her fleet
in the Baltic. She has at the scene of war
two triple-screw armored cruisers, the
Rossia and the Gromovoi, equipped to burn
oil, and her damaged protected cruiser, the
Pallada, also can run under liquid fuel.

The Nebraskan looks and smells as sweet
as any big twin-screw freighter that ever
has been in this or any other port. She had
the advantage of other steamships that
make the trip throughtwo oceans in not being
compelled to tarry at several ports on the
long way to take on coal. Her time was
51 days, 7 hours and:27 minutes, made at an
average speed of 10.35 knots. That is a
fine average for the distance and much
better than her sister er the Nevadan,
made when Bhe sailed for the Pacific, using
coal only. The Nevadan’s time was 62
days, including stops for coal. The voyage
of the Nebraskan to San Francisco with
coal was longer than that of the Nevadan.
In going westward the currents and winds
favor the ships. The two ships got their
oil-burning equipment at San Francisco,

On her trip hither the Nebraskan, which
on the way called only at Puntas Arenas,
in the Straits of Magellan, burned 9,300
barrels of oil, Her oil carrying capacity
is 10,500 barrels. Most of this is stored be-
tween the double bottoms of the ship in
what are called the reserve bunkers, or
tanks; the rest is stored in the main tank,
extending from the bottom of the ship to
the main deck. From the main tank the
oil is pumped to the injection tubes and
sprayed on the grates. The Nebraskan has
no oil left in her reserve tanks, but has
1,200 barrels in her main tank. .

Some sailor men may object to a berth in
the Nebraskan, because they cannot ex-
ercise aboard her the traditional rivilege
of the old-time tar of smoking. lacards
posted in various parts of the ship declare
that “smoking or the use of naked lights
or oil lamps of any ‘kind is strictly pro-
hibited aboard this ship. Any person vio-
lating this order will be discharged im-
mediately.”

No one was discharged on the voyage.

The Nesbraskan is the first oil-burning
steamship that has gone through the Straits
of Magellan and she probably made the
trip from the Pacific at less than half what
it ever cost a freighter of her tonnage before.
Her three furnace men, who correspond
to the stokers in a coal-burning ship, do
the work of twelve stokers. hey get
better pay, being of a higher order of in-
telligence. They atten to auxiliary
engines that run the blowers and pump
the oil from the main tank. The engine-
room foree, in other respects, does not
differ materially from that of the ordi
jrelpyy aveacmniy, The furnace men wor!
in four hour shifts, and their duties are
pleasanter and not so hard as that of ordi-
‘nary stokers. As the skipper said, brains
{ rather than muscle is the requisite of a
furnace man.

Chief Engineer John Mitchell will turn
over to-day to Capt. W. D. Burnham, man-
ager of the American Hawaiian Line, the
data that will show how much more eco-

j; nomically the Nebraskan has been run
iad she would have been if her power

 

 

had been generated from coal. The engi-
neer declined to make his report public
yesterday. The cargo space saved by
the absence of coal bunkers is an item in
the earning capacity of the ship.
The Nebraskan brings a large cargo,
| consisting chiefly of California wines. She
will return to the Pacific with her tanks
! Glled with Texan oil, which is much like
the kind she burned on her way here.

 

USES OF ADRENALIN.

Medicine Owes the Discovery toa Japanese
Chemist.

Adrenalin chloride, which, according
to a despatch from Cleveland printed in
THE Sun yesterday, saved a man's life
after injections of strychnine had failed,
has been known to the medical profession
about four years and is generally admitted
to be the most powerful astringent yet dis-
covered, No case is on record in the stand-
ard medical publications of its acting as a
life saver as suggested in the report of the
Cleveland case, and physicians in this city
were somewhat sceptical yesterday as to
the part the new drug played in that case.

Adrenalin is derived from the supra-
renal gland of the pig. Its efficacy as an
astringent was discovered four or five
years ago by Dr. Jokichi Takamine, a Jap-
anese chemist, who had experimented for
a long time to find out to what medical
use that gland might be put.

Its local application causes an almost
instantaneous reduction of blood con-
gestion by driving the blood from the spot
to which it is applied and then practically
sealing up the blood vessels, For that
reason its chief value so far found and
acknowledged pe the physicians is in the
case of a hemorrhage.

According to the story from Cleveland
the strychnine failed and then, after life

had apparently ceased, the patient was
resto by adrenalin Het neagmitine
“What, in all probability, actually hap-

pened,” said a physician in this city yes-
terday, “was that the strychnine acted after
the doctor in charge of the case had given
it up, and so it was the atrychnine that
saved the man's life. Ifit was the adrenalin
that did the work it must have simply forced
enough blood back to the heart to cause
that organ to resume pumping automati-
cally. But I doubt it.”

 

TROLLEY CARS IN COLLISION.

Accident Caused by Smoke From a Fire
Engine—Several Hurt.

A westbound Union Hill trolley car
crashed into the rear platform of a Court
House car 100 feet west of the Willow ave-
nue, Hoboken, station, on the Public Service
Corporation's elevated road last night.
The vestibule and platform of the forward
car were torn away and ten passengers
were thrown from their seats.

Conductor Michael Lenhoff was badly
bruised. Mrs. Minnie Bushing of 218
Clinton avenue, Jersey City, fainted. David
G. Allen of 57 Carlton avenue, Jersey City,
was cut on the face by flying glass. Sev-
eral other persons were scratched and
bruised.

Mrs. James Meyers lost a gold watch
in the excitement. It dropped from its
usual resting place and somebody picked

it up.

The motorman of the big Union Hill car
said that smoke from a Hoboken fire en-
gine which stood under the trestle throwing
a stream on a fire in the Lackawanna rail-
road storeroom prevented him from seeing
the Court House car until it was too late to
avoid an aocident.

Bernard Brennan of 155 Railroad avenue,
Jersey City, p Bogen eron the courthouse
car, had his left arm broken in two places.
He was also badly cut on the head face,

PUBLICATIONS,

Tue LADIES’

Homg Journat wants the ad-
vertising of manufacturers of and
dealers in high-grade goods that

women buy.

It wants such advertising on a
permanent basis. It has no time
nor space for the experimental or
the spasmodic advertiser.

If you want to advertise once
or twice just to see what happens
don’t come to THe Lanies’
Home Journat. For the prob-
abilities are that nothing in par-
ticular will happen.

There is no reason under the
sun why people should answer
the first advertisement of yours
they see.

You may be an old concern, but
to them you are absolutely new.

They are now buying of some-
body else the article you sell.
They will make a change only
when convinced of the wisdom
of such a course.

You can’t expect to convince
them with one advertisement, nor
with two.

But if your goods and your
prices are right you can convince
them in time.

The first few advertisements
will convince some people. Then
every additional advertisement
will convince more people—
many more than any previous
advertisement. Every adver-
tisement carries the influence of
all its predecessors. If you keep
it up continuously, and intelli-
gently, it’s only a question of
time when you'll have all the
trade you're entitled to, and
that’s all the trade anybody ever
gets—and holds.

If your goods are interesting
to women persistent advertising
in Tue Lapies’ Homs Journar
can bring you all the business
you are entitled to.

If you advertise persistently
and well nothing can be more
certain than your success.

The time to begin is now.
The time to stop is when you
retire from business—not before.
From now until then no issue of
Tue Journat should be without

your advertisement.

THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY
PHILADELPHIA

Nsw Yore Boston Cmicaee
eer ener reece enema rn eer meres

FLAMES IN HOBOKEN.

Haif of a &00-Foot Long One Story Frame
Bullding Destroyed.

The western half of a one story frame
building 500 feet long and 40 feet wide,
owned by the Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western railroad, in Ferry street, Hoboken,
was destroyed by fire last night. The fire
started in the electric signal department,
near Park avenue, and spread rapidly to
the plumbing and machine shops on the
east and the trainmen’s stores on the west.

When the first Hoboken fire engines
arrived Chief Engineer Ivins D. Applegate
saw trouble ahead and ordered out every
engine in the city. Every locomotive in
the Lackawanna yards began to toot and
the railroad's volunteer fire department
turned out. The wind was blowing from
the west, driving the flames toward the
paint shop adjoining the machine shop, in
which were stored many gallons of com-
bustibles. The firemen stopped the blaze
as it reached the paint shop partition and
drove the fire back against the wind.

The electrical storeroom was stocked
with valuable apparatus used for the inter-
locking switch system. The trainmen's
storeroom was filled with tickets, stationery
and books.

The building was erected about twenty

o. It was occupied fo)
oan by the United Btates Ritreee tome
any, which now has its quarters in a brick
| Building just east of the old frame structure.

Capt. Kinsey of Engine 8, Hoboken Fire
Department, fell from a_ platform and
sprained his right ankle. He was attended
by Dr. Peterson. He was appointed a
captain a few days ago. William McGrath,
who resigned as a Hoboken fire captain a
few days ago to accept the position as chief
engineer of a fire department to be com-
posed of Lackawanna Railroad employees,
commanded the volunteer forces.

An official of the road said the whole
building would have been burned down if
the flames had reached the paint shop.
He said the firemen did fine work.

RABBI IN EPISCOPAL CHURCH.

The Rey. Dr. Harris Speaks at a Conference
on Religious Union.

One of the speakers at the service last
night in the Episcopal Church of the Holy
Communion, at Twentieth street and Sixth
avenue, was Rabbi Maurice H. Harris of
the Temple Israel. The service was really
a local meeti of the New York State
Conference of igions, an organization
whose purposes is to eliminate as far as
possible non-essential differences in religion
and to establish common strength in the
essentials, regardless of creed.

Rabbi Harris spoke on “The Religion of
an Educated Man.” The burden of his
talk was that the more a man is educated
and the more cultured he becomes, the more
he eliminates the non-essentials in religion
and the stronger his faith in the essentials

President Charles Cuthbert Hall

of
‘Union Theologica) Seminary also gpoke.

  

#

Our garments are dedie..
cated to a higher service’:
than that which conven-
tionality demands. They
impose upon a boy a
dignity which fosters.
self-respect and subdues”
mischief. Almost every _
garment which we have.
to offer is the product
of our own workrooms.,
Do you know of another
shop which can claim
that distinction---which -
can personally vouch for
every thread and stitch
of their suits and coats
for the little chaps? It
also gives us quite an ad-
vantage relative to-prices.

SUITS.
Norfolk Suits, $3.95 to $13.50.

5 models in 76 styles of fabrics.
Russian & Sailor, $3.75 to $15.
18 models in 15 styles of fabrics.
Double Breasted, $3.75 to $15.
6 models in 46 styles of fabrics.
Suits with Vests, $5 to $15.

4 models in II styles of fabrics,
Box Top Coats, $3.75 to $£5.
4 models in 14 styles of fabrics,
Reefers, $3.75 to $10.

4 models in II styles of fabrics,

Rain Coats, $5 to $15,

3 models in 7 styles of fabrics.

Saks & Company

Broadway, 33d to 34th Street.

How about the collar. you
have on? rote

Did you pull and haukto get
it buttoned?

Did it button easily and now
wobbles awkwardly?

In either case you're probably
wearing a regular half size col-
lar when you should have a size
between—a quarter-size.

Quarter-size collars in two
grades.

25c. each or two for 25¢.

Roars, Peet & ComPary.

%8 Broadway, Spposito City Hall;
and 7 and 9 Warren St.

@@ Broadway, cor. 18th. We ait ceday
and 140 to 148 4th Ave by

1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 West 33d St.

Ee
THE MANHATTAN STORAGE
anp WAREHOUSE COMPANY

“Indestructible” Fire and Burglar
Warehouses } Lexington Ate., 41st aid 0 Bs.
and Offices, J 7th Ave., 52d and 53d Sts.

Superior advantages and unexcelled for
storage of Furniture, Merchandise and Val
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES, $5 PER YEAR. VA

FOR SILVER TRUNKS. ;

Van service by skilled: workmen.
‘ Illustrated descriptive pamphlet sent on appiles-
tion.

Furniture, ornaments, eto., caref

Inspection
ADRIAN ISELIN
Sec'y and Treas.

of buildings invited.
VIR, LAWRENCB WBLIS, *
Prest.

 
    

 

 

Hotel Fire Kills Two Domesttes.

Quincy, Ill., March 27.—In a fire which

destroyed the annex of the Newcomb Hotel
early this morning Rose O'Donnell and
Nettie Bronski, housemaids, were killed.
The former was suffocated in her room
and the latter died after leaping from a
third story window. avert other em-
ployees were hurt. All of the guesta es-
caped injury.
La Gascogne Due This Morning.

The French liner La Gascogne, from
Havre, was in communication with Nan-
tucket Peerien it at 6 o'clock last evening.
hig should reach her dock early this morn-
ng.

 

 

oe

UNION PACIFIC

Shortest line to

ORECON

and

WASHINCTON

March Ist to April 30th,

colonist rates to all points
in these states, from

Chicago $33.00
St. Louis 30.00

Trains handsomely
equipped. Tourist sleeping
cars aspecialty. Fast time,
Smooth roadbed.

287 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY
R. TENBROECK, @. E. A.

 

 

  

Sores SERIE PAT EO

See ce eeeerers