Mine | AS

 

8 PE TE ner

a rw oe

EE ASE SASS ETO R ETN A rt

“Aldermen, Alderman

 

 

TWO PRIMARY FIGHTS OW,

MASON’S FRIENDS IN THE 29TH
TELL THER SIDE OF IT, ©

 

eel

Repated Split in the Plaza-Central
Republican Club Over Club Movement
Against Mason—Gruberites in the
2ist Say ‘They're Not Worrying.

Although the March primaries are not
usually the time when political distriot
leaders are called upon to defend their
leadership, the primaries this year, which
are to be held to-morfow, will see contests
more or less interesting in two Republican
districts. The present leaders cannot be
ousted, actually, Leaders can be displaced
only at the fall primaries. In these Re-
publican districts, the Twenty-first and
Twenty-ninth, as in the McCarren-
Doyle fight in Kings county, the fight is
for delegates to the Assembly district and
Congress district conventions, which are
to name delegates to the State and national
conventions.

In a Presidential year this means a great
deal, and the election of a set of delegates
hostile to the district leader would practi-
cally mean the overthrow of that leader,

The most interesting fight this year in

the Republican organization in this county
is in the Twenty-ninth, where a determined
effort is being waged in the name of the
Plaza-Central Republican Club.to over-
throw Leader Alexander T. Mason, {The
leaders of this movement, who include
Robert C. Morris, former president of the
Republican county committee, Frank H.
Partridge, who once before contested the
leadership with Mason, and a number of
other men, contend that Mason has formed
a combination with Senator Elsberg and

Edward Lauterbach to run the district and
has declined to give heed to the counsels
of other worthy Republicans.

This the friends of Mr. Mason, who has

been leader six years, deny. They say
that the percentage of the vote cast by
Republicans in the district under his
leadership has been higher than {np any
other district. Furthermore, they say
that the movement against Mason, ale
though waged under the name of the Plaza-
Central Republican Club, has no right to
invoke that name and is in reality an effort
to get even on the part of the Schwarzler
faction in the upper part of the district,
whose candidate for leader, Franklin B,
Ware, was turned down recently by the
Republican county committee.

tt was announced yesterday in behalf of
the regulara that James KR. Sheffield, the
former Fire Commissioner, who is presi-
dent of the Plaza-Central Republican Club,
had discountenanced the use of his name
on the circulars sent out by the club's
campaign committee invoking aid against
Mason, and that Alexander Caldwell, an-
other prominent Republican, had also
come out with a declaration that he had
been put on this committee without his
authority.

The fact that Mr. Sheffield has come out
for Mason discloses a split in the club,
and about this an interesting story was
told yesterday by Mr. Mason's friends.
They say that the movement to displace
him’ dates back to last fall, when a break
occurred between Schwarzler and Mason,
Schwarzler has managed tho Upper, part
of the district and organized the Yorkville
Republican Club some years ago. Wheu it
came time for conventions for namin
candidates for Assembly and the Board
are announced that
he did not care for a renomination. Schwara-
ler had a candidate for the Assembly in
the person of Roscoe Wagner, who lived in
Ware’s district.

Subsequently Ware reconsidered his de-
termination, and then, s0 Mason's adherents
say, Schwarzler insisted that both Ware
and Wagner be nominated, although they
belonged in the same district. . Mason
offered to nominate one of the two, but
pointed out that it would be an injustice
to other sections to give both nominations
to one election district. Schwarzler carried
the fight to the convention. Both his can-
didates were beaten.

A truce was afterward made, which
was broken when Schwarzler took advan-
tage of the absence of Mason and Elsber
to secure six of the ten district members o
the county committee. They elected Ware
leader, although the Schwarzler men were
acting in the place of men elected at the
primaries to support Mason.

After Ware had been turned down by the
county c ittee, it was said yesterday
by Mason’s friends, Schwarzler sent for
Partridge, who was at Palm Beach, and a
plan o cape en against Mason was ar-
ranged. Partridge, so it was said, arranged

‘ that a lot of Sohwaraier men should be

' ler.

. to do with the movement,

- in. the district.

_the leadership of Heotor M.

taken into the Plaza Republican Club, and
that with their aid the club should be con-
solidated with the Central Park Republican
Club. The latter club was 6 several
years ago by John Henry Hammond and
others ause they didn’t like Schwarz-
Then consolidation was effected, and
then by a vote of the club’s executive com-
mittee, which the Mason men say was com-
posed of most of the SORE eG spirits
of the district, the club resolved to go into
the fight against Mason and formed a cam-
paign committee. Both Mr. Sheffield and
Mr, Hammond, it was said, fought this,
but Mr, Hammond has since declared that,
although not approwng of the break, he
felt that under the circumstances he must
support hie club. One of the conditions
however, upon which men like Newbold
Morris and others of the Central Park club
agreed to the coalition, ao Mr. Mason's
friends say, was that Schwarzler wae not to
appear openly in the fight and was to have
no place on the campaign committee. That
is why, Mason’s friends say, the committee
ts that Schwarzler has nothing

whereas ite in-
© on waa due to him.

early all of the prominent Republicans
of the district are members of one club
or another, the Twenty-ninth District Club
being the regular organization. A lot of
these men, although members of the rat
and Centrai Park clubs, say that they di
not attend the meeting at which it was
veted to attack Mason, and have no part in
the movement. Such men as u
Isaac N. Scligman and Senator Depew,
oe are among the trustees of the Plaza

ub, are supporting Mason.

The friends of Mr, Mason predict that
he will win easily at the battle to-morrow/
and eay that of the 250 members of the
Pi entral Republican Club not more
than 100 are supporting the fight being
made in the name of t club by Part-
ridge, Morris and others, including Schwars-
ler. As for Robert C, Morris, they say
Mr. Morris has not been loyal to the dis-
trict and that when head of the county
committee he aided in an‘effort to over-
throw Eleberg.

The other prime movers, they ssy,wanted
nominations for various offices without
mice done any active work in the dis-
trict.

The Twenty-ninth district gave the largest
vote for Odell in 1902 and for Low last
vear of any Republican district, and Mr.

ason’s friends say it was due to Mr. Mason's
efforts that this vote was polled, and that
so far from consulting only Mr. Lauter-
bach and Senator Elsberg, he has invited
many Republicans not on the nominating
committee to take part in the conferences
for the selection of eultable candidates.

_ In the Twenty-first district, where a fight
is being made against Abe Gruber under
Hitchings,
a lawyer who was formerly active in the
Weat Side Republican Club, the anti-Gruber-
{tea profess to have some hopesof winning,
but the Gruberites do not seem to be wor-
ried. Mr. Hitchings and his lieutenant
completed yesterday the distribution o
8,100 ballots, each of which was encl
with a copy of the voting law and a circu-
lar showing the loss of Republican votes
On the antl-Gruber ticket

_ Judge Flammer heads the list of delegates

-to the Fifteenth Cangress district con-

vention, and Mr. Hitehin those to be
elected to the Seventeenth district oon-
vention

Henre Pirrel} and Howard Conkling

have withdrawn a ticket they had put up
Agauis! Herbert Parsons in the ‘lb wenty-
fifth distzict,

 

   
 

 
  

UNIVERSITY OF THE STATE.

Growth of Higher Institutions and of Pro-
fessional Schools Last Year,
ALBANY, March 27.—The report of the
college department of the University of
the State of New York shows that the Re-

 

} gents licensed in 1903, as a result of the State

examinations, 633 physicians, 176 dentists,
17 veterinary surgeons and 11 certified
publio accountants. Under exemptions in
the ‘professional laws they also licensed
69 physicians, 36 dentists, 6 veterinary sur-
geons and 3 certified public accountants.

The growth of higher institutions associa-
ated with the university is shown by the
statement that in 1903 such institutions
numbered 120, the instructors 8,871, the
students 99,718; net property aggregated
$86,375,792 and expenditures were $10,061,269;
the increase since 1803 having been 27
in institutions 1,659 in teaching foroe, 17,885
in students, $31,387,039 in net property
and $5,268,282 in yearly expenditure,

The advancement of New York profes-
sional schools in force, attendance, equip-
ment and endowment in ten years con-
stitutes an interesting chapter in the history
of education, which ig illustrated in this
report. The law schools of the State. which
are now eight in number, with 134 officers
of instruction, 2,618 students, $1,140,598
of property, yearly receipts amounting to
$254,432 and expenditures to $251,441, have
63 more officers of instruction than they
had in 1893, 1,148 more students, and report
anincrease of $1,077,215 in property , $166,647
in receipts and $169,069 in expenditures.

The medical schools, now thirteen in
number, with 1,179 officers of instruction,

3,722 #tudents, total Prony reaching
$6,543,642, receipts equal to $520,065 and ex-
penditures to $493,810, report 475 more

officers of instruction, 355 more students
and an Increase of $3,080,412 in property
and $178,525 in receipts.

The dental schools, now numbering three
and having 115 officers of instruction, 903
students, $247,067 in property, receipts
equal to $145,364 and making yearly ex-
yenditures of $133,475, show a gain of 46
n Officers of instruction, 575 in students,
$123,071 in property, $111,006 in receipts
and $97,295 in disbursements.

The schools of veterinary medicine
number two, with 60 officers of instruction,
251 students, property amounting to $158,191,
receipts to $34,679, and expenditures to
32,997; and exhibit the following ten year
gains: officers of instruction, 19; students,
27; property, 187,441; receipts, $20,559;
S poaNiaee $18,557.

‘he advancement of commercial educa-
tion in New York State appears from the
statement that the thirty-one business
schools in 1903 had property valued at
$436,009.27, and ulpment worth $158,-
282.26, with 285 teachers and 13,546 students,
of whom 6,386 were women. Four year
commercial courses are maintained by
forty-one high schools and academies.

ODELL NOW IN FULL CONTROL.

The State Insane Hospitais a Part of His
Political Assets.

ALBANY, March 27.—The designation by
Gov. Odell of Dr. Charles W. Pilgrim to the
office of president of the State Commission
in Lunacy to succeed Dr. Frederick Peterson
of New York eity, who has resigned, is the
final move on the Odell political chess
board toward bringing the State hospitals
for the insane completely within the partisan
and personal control of the Governor,
Dr. Pilgrim is the superintendent of the
Hudson River State Hospital for the Insane
at. Poughkeepsie, and he is to retain that
office while acting as president of the State
Commission in Lunacy.

President Peterson resigned the presi-
dency of the Commission in Lunacy because
he could not devote all of his time to its
duties, despite the fact that he was relieved
of a considerable part of them through
the appointment last year of a medical
inspector at a salary of $3,500 a year and
expenses. When it is considered that
there are 25,000 insane persons under the
charge of the State Commission and that it
expends $5,000,000 annually, it will be real-
ized that no one should be appointed to
the presidency of the Lunacy Commission
who ig unable to give all of his time to its
many and important duties. This is de-
manded not only by the dictates of humanity
which should bethe paramont consideration
—although such has not been the ease under
the Odell administration—but because the
watchful eye of the president of the com-
mission should at all times be kept upon
the vast and growing responsibilities and
expenditures of the State hospital system.

tead of pursuing this policy of commons
sense however, Gov. Odeil proposes to
have Dr. Pilgrim continue h uties as
superintendent of the Poughkeepsie State
Hospital and to act as president of the
Commission in Lunacy at_the same time,
the Governor allowing Dr. Pilgrim his
present salary as superintendent and $1,200
a year extra for his expenses while attend-
8 ie the duties as president of the Com-

jon in saat A

Although this an absurd proposition
which a really business-like Governor
would not for a mement approve, it places
Dr. Pilgrim as presideut of the State Com-
mirgion in Lunacy lo a peesition where he
not only is abgolutely at the mercy of the

or, but alec et the mercy of the

other two members of the oommission
as well, so that it would not be at all difficult
to keep him under subjection and political
sa ta Pil 's sala rintendent
Tr. 8 ry superintenden

of the Poughkeepsie State Hospital is
$4,500, besides which he has a me
and spacious residence free, which is com-
yletely furnished, and, in addition, the
Btate furnishes him and his family with
food, fuel, and light, together with horses,
carriages and servants matory, which could
not be had, were Dr. Pilgrim compelled
to pay for them outright, for less than
$5,000 a year. Adding to these sums, $1,200
a year for expenses, Dr, Pilgrim's in-
come from the State will be over $10,000
a year, all of which could be taken from
him by either the Governor or his fellow
members in the State Commission in Lunacy
should be become an intractable president,
either from a political or personal stand-

int.
at is said that at the present session of
the Legislature Gov. Odell will name Good-
win Brown to succeed Daniel Lockwood
az legal member of the Lunacy Commission,
Although Mr. Brown is a Democrat by pre-
tension, he has been very useful to Goy,
Odell in helping him get the insane hos-
pitals of the State under his thumb, Good-
win Brown is known as a “handy man”
for a Governor to have in his train, as he
has the ability to conceive and to do things.
It was Mr, Brown who was responsitie
for the passage a few years ago of the
law providing each hospital for the insane
with separate paid counsel, after whioh
the Lunacy Commission, of which Mr,
Brown was the “legal” member, appointed
leading members of the Legislature as
such counsel.

It might be said that any one havinga
delicate sense of honor would not have
engaged in anything of this nature, either
as a State Commissioner {n Lunacy or as
a member of the Legislature; but then,
tastes differ, This, it is understood, was
one of the reasons why Gov. Roosevelt
refused to preppotnt Commissioner Brown,
but that which might condemn him in the
re of one ace might commend him
n the eyes of another Governor, especial!
of the Odell variety. el

With the real management of the State
hospitals for the insane in the hands of
Commissioners Parkhurst and Brown and
the president of the commission acting also
as superintendent of one of the State hos-
pitals, and therefore subordinate to the
other two Commissioners and subject to
removal by the Governor, what check
would there be to Protect the hospitals
from Odellism? Nothing but what has
been pointed out by Elihu Rootthe nomi-
nation and election next fall of a man for
Governor whose past is before him and
whose integrity and individuality will be a
platform in iteelf.

NE I TUNES TINTS NE TY MRS PMNS SNE INA RIAN

PE © a a APNE RS ROR oe A ee ery

SERA EY ROEM) ROE A POR et: AAI NAA I Des ADV Oo DS RE BORON whee cn ertrnena

THE SUN

 

 

ODELL AND GREEN HISSED,

BROOME COUNTY DEOLARES
LOYALTY. TO PLAT?Y.

 

 

A Resolution Indorsing Platt, Dunn and
Roosevelt Adopted in the. County
Conyention—Motion to Include Odell
and Senator Green Greeted With Hisses.

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., March 27.—Groans
and hiases from the delegates in the Broome
county Republican convention here on
Saturday expressed the feeling entertained
toward Gov. Odell and State Senator
Green on account of their active part in
working for the barge canal last fall. Like-
wise the convention shouted itself hoarse
in cheering Senator Platt, Col. George W.
Dunn and President Roosevelt. The
Broome county delegates to the State
convention were instructed to vote to con-
tinue Col. Dunn as a member of the State
committee.

A fight between the faction headed by
Senator Green, who represents Gov. Odell,
and the Dunn faction, which represent
Platt and Roosevelt, was provoked by the
introduction of resolutions indorsing Platt,
Dunn and Roosevelt, but not mentioning
Odell or Green, except in an insinuating way.
Ex-Assemblyman Swift, a Green man,
declared that some mention should be
made of Green and Odell, and immediately
jeers and hisses were started.

Amid the repeated pounding of the
gavel in the hands of ex-Assemblyman
Israel T. Deyo, an enemy of Green, Senator
Green managed to say that Swift’s sugges-
tion was uncalled for and that he desired no
recognition or indorsement at the hands
of the convention.

The Republican party in Broome county
is now split hopelessly, as the Green men
resent the insult to the Senator and Goy-
ernor, and the Dunn men are unyielding
in their endeavora to down their oppo-
nents.

In the county committee meeting follow-
ing the convention, Senator Green was
again sat upon by the ousting of Secretary
W. H. Hill, Green's personal friend.

The resolution that caused the fight in
the convention, after lauding President
Roosevelt and Congresman Dwight, was
as follows:

We extend to Senator Thomas ©. Platt
assurances of our continued confidence and
esteem. For the last twenty years he has
by common consent been the acknowledged
leader of the party in this State. He has at
all times commanded the confidence of the

eople. No taint or suspicion of corruption
1as ever tarnished his good name. The
power of his jeacersiip rested in the confi-
dence and affection of his followers. He has
never been untrue to a friend, nor struck an
unfair blow to an enemy. He has borne the
duties and responsibilities of leadership with
signal ability and unselfish devotion to the
principles of the party. No political vaga-
ries have found sanction in his political
career, Under his wise leadership the State
under normal conditions has become safely
Republican, We hope that for many’ years
to come he may continue to be the leader of
the party in this State.

“Where Douglas sits there is the head of
the table.”

We also extend to our distinguished towns-
man, Col, George W. Dunn, assurances of our
continued loyalty and esteem. The success
ef Senator Platt’s leadership has been largely
due to the unswerving fidelity, the rugged
honesty and wise counsel of Col. Dunn and
men of his stamp. He never broke a promise
nor betrayed a friend. President Roosevelt
has said of him: “Col. Dunn is_a man upon
whom I can always depend. He never lies
tome.” Asamember of the State committee
and as chairman of that body Col. Dunn has
rendered brilliant service to the party, and
we hereby request the delegates from this
county to the Bate convention to vote first,
last and all the time to continue Col. Dunn
as a member of that committee.

 

SUNDAY LAW FOR BOOTBLACKS

Independent Shiners Say It’s to Help the
Downtown Polishers’ Trust.

The bootblacks of the city having heard
that a bill is to be introduced at Albany
to-day closing the bootblacking shops on
Sundays have prepared a petition against it.
The bill, they say, is designed to benefit the
downtown bootblacks, the “Bootblacking
Trust,” and means to the lesser shines of the
trade a loss of at least 15,000 a Sunday.

The petition says:

To the Honorable, the Senate and Assembly
of the State of New York:

GENTLEMEN: A bill has been presented in
the Assembly providing for the closing of
bootblack stands on Sundays. The passage
of this bill will be not only a great hardship
to many worthy and {ndustrious citizens who
are paying a license fee for every chair used
in their business, but a decided inconvenience
and annoyance to the many thousands in
our metropolitan city who desire the accom-
modation of these useful and cleanly places,
Seren, on Sunday afternoon, |

‘he apparent object of the bill ia to make
more work for a coterie of downtown boot-
blacks who close on Sunday because there
is little traffic in their district on that day
and who believe it will benefit their business
on Monday morning if the “uptown” stands
were closed Sundays.

We respectfully request you to defeat thi
bill in the interests of justice to the stan
owners, as well the cleanliness and com-
fort of the general public.

This petition was on nearly every boot-
black stand in Greater New York yesterday
and the bootblacks requested their patrons
to sign it.

 

_—-

RULES FOR SCHOOL ATHLETICS.

 

Strict Measures to Be Enforced by Schoole
masters’ Association.

The Schoolmasters’ Association, which pro-
poses the better government of athletics in
the public high schools, has made some im-
portant rulings in that direction. Stricter
laws will in future govern public contests
and the eligibility of the contestants. A
competitor must be under 20 years of aga,
he must be in good standing with his school
and he cannot go from one school to another
while under discipline. In order to help out
this association, a committee composed of
Dr. Luther Gulick, director of physical train-
ing, public schools of New York city, Charles
W. Evans, principal of East Orange High
School, and Virgil Pettyman, principal of

Horace Mann High School, met and formu-
lated @ general report, which was as follows,

Resolved, That the essential purpose of school ath-
letics should be the development of such physical,
mental and moral! qualities as will be of most value
in fitting students for that which shall constitute
their life duties;

That tw this end athletic training, and the attain -
ment of whatever there Is In the way of athletic
honors, should be distributed as widely as Is feasibic;

That the level of athletic work, like all other
Bebe) work, should be directed toward the average
student;

That inasmuch as merit Js absolute and not com-
parsave: chief emphasis should not be attached

o the winning of games, but rather to playing
them under falr and equal conditions;

That the attalnment of these conditions Involves
the adoption of certain specific regulations and
restrictions;

Definite steps, however, could not be carried
out, except with the active cpeperation of
the principals of the schools, and the president
of the association, )r. was in-
structed to call a meeting of the principals of
all secondary schoolsin and near New York.

This meeting considered in detail the pre-
cise dangers of the present situation, an
agreed upon certain definite steps which
should be recommended to the Schoolmastera
Association. Inasmuch as many of the lead-
ing schools were represented at the meeting
and that the principals of these schools agreed
that they would support the recommenda-
tions in the meeting of the Schoolmasters
Association, it is believed that these recom-
mendations will receive the support of that
association.

Some of the chief evils which the recom-
mendations aim to remove or to alleviate
were formulated as follows:

A. few boys get too much competition. Most
of the pupils get little, if any, competition. Games
during the week interfere with school work, by
taking time needed for eey and by dividing the
interest of the whole school. The competition is
often between boys of such diverse age, and con-
sequently size, strength and welght, as to be un-
fair. Im many cases there appears to be no au,
oreuve supervision or responsibility for school
a etica.

The sportsmanship of the contestants is often
Noto! thebest. Financial conditions are frequently
unsatisfactory. The school is represented fre-
quently by boys who are deficient In scholarship.

loys are urged to attend given schools In order
to represent such schools In athletios. The spec-
aa is too prominent for the best good of the

Gunnison,

ee SS SSS
Sn Ummm tre

 

er Lo et ey Ad
5 Pee ribi : 4
ARS RR Ht A oy ee ey ceaarnr: Hadone om *

 

COLD SNAP CHECKS FLOOD.

Mohawk Recedes at Utica—Most of Fort
Plain Under Water.

Urioa, March 27.—The drop in tempera~
ture has caused the Mohawk River at this
point to recede quite as suddenly as it rose
yesterday, It dropped over two and a half
feet to-day and to-night the waters con-
tinue to fall, The tracks of the New York
Central, which were covered with two feet
of water last night, are now high and dry
and traffic has been resumed on the section
between Schuyler Junction, four miles
east of the city, and Oneida, twenty-eight
miles west. Eastward from Schuyler Junc-
tion Central-Hudson trains are run over
the West Shore to Schenectady and then
switched back to theCentral-Hudson tracks.

Trains due in Utica from the East and
West last night arrived this afternoon,
having been held up at various points by
the flood in the Mohawk Valley. The Cen-
tral-Hudson seadbed is seriously under-
mined in many places and several weeks
will be required to restore normal con-
ditions.

Fort Puan, N. Y., March 27,—Fort Plain
is completely cut off from the outside world
By the flood in the Mohawk River. Al!
of the manufacturing part of the town is
under water, many feet deep. This is
the case also with a large part of the
residential section. The Bailey Knitting
Mills, the largest in the Mohawk Valley,
and the Hix furniture factory are sur-
rounded by water that also covers the first
floora of the buildings, and the local plant
of the Borden Condensed Milk Company
of New York city is filled with water about
to the second floor.

Large trees and telegraph, telephone and
electric light poles in the pathof the torrent
have been snapped off like 80 many pipe-
stems, with the result that Fort Plain is
almost without wire communication and
is in absolute darkness so far as electric
lights are concerned. The water is 80
high that it is rushing into the windows of
the first floors of houses in that part of the
town between the Mohawk River and the
Erie Canal, and great damage is being done
to some of the finest residences in town,
as well as to manufacturing plants.

 

 

LAWSON, TAYLOR AND MW FARLAND

Graphio Account of Their Victories and
Troubles From the Handicapper.

The first detailed and graphic story of
the doings in Australia of Lawson, McFar-
land and Taylor, the American cyclists,
comes to hand in the Bicycling World pub-
lished yesterday, which has a letter from its
Australian correspondent, who is the official
handicapper there and whose statements
should therefore be reliable.

He gives an interesting account of how
Taylor’s fall was caused and of a dead heat
between McFarland and the negro. Writing
under date of Feb. 20 from Melbourne, he
BAYS:

“It is likely that Lawson’s career as a cycle
racer in Australia is ended, as the stewards
of the meeting here informed me at 2 o'clock
this morning that they had unanimously de-
cided to disqualify Lawson for twelve months
for foul riding in his match with Taylor on
the 18th, with, of course, the right of appeal
within a few days. Reports from the hos-
pital state that Taylor is improving.

“The doings of the American triumvirate—
‘Major’ Taylor, Floyd McFarland and Iver
Lawson—have greatly stimulated the interest
in the sport here, and owing to the great
rivalry between the black and the whites the
attendance at the cycle meetings both here
and in Sydney have averaged about twenty
thousand,

“Up to Feb. 16 Lawson has succumbed
to the negro every time thr y have met when
McFarlund did not compeie and pace him,
Taylor and Lawson met in a match on Feb.
&, over three distauces, best two out of three
to win. The distances were one-half mile,
one mile and one-half mile again if necessary.
Taylor won the match by winning the first
two tests. In both Instances the negro got
a jump on his opponent, who failed to pick
it up. Lawson, it is considered, in compari-
son with Taylor is inferior in headwork, at
least. It is conceded that he has plenty of
apeed.”

Since this was written cable advices from
Australia have been received stating that

Fie!

dap arene me Dom ehh ht os

» MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1904.

 

|
i

 

 

 

 
  

OREM Cattle me

TO DEFEND PENSION ORDER,

PRESIDENT WILL SEND AN EX-
PLANATION TO CONGRESS.

 

 

He Says He Has But Followed s Precedent
First Set by President Cleveland and
Followed Later by President McKinley
—Wanted to Avoid Service Pension.

WASHINGTON, March 27,—President
Roosevelt hopes to confound his critics
when he sends to Congress the information
recently called for by Senate and House
relative to his executive order defining old
age to be disability entitling a soldier toa
pension, Secretary Hitchcock has made
up the record and argument in the case,
it has been submitted to the President,
discussed by the Cabinet and Republican
leaders in Senate and House, and will be
forwarded to Congress very soon, possibly
to-morrow.

The strong point that will be brought
out by the President is that in issuing the
order of March 14, for which he has been
80 widely condemned as having by execu-
tive act usurped the powers of Congress,
he has but followed a distinguished preor-
dent firat set by Grover Cleveland, the
only Democratic President since the civil
war, and indorsed by William McKinley,
his own Republican predecessor, The
President will set forth that in the order
of March 15 no new principle has been
established, but the executive acts of
Cleveland and McKinley have simply been
reconstrued and reinterpreted for the
benefit of a class of veterans whose claims
become more pressing and more deserving
of liberal treatment as the years go by.

It was Judge Lechren of Minnesota,
Democratic Commissioner of Pensions under
Cleveland, who fixed 75 years as the age
at which the maximum rate of $12 per
month should be paid for disability, and
it was H. Clay Evans, Republican Com-
missioner under McKinley, who fixed 65
years as the minimum age for which the
permissible rate is $6,

The President's message in answer to
the Congress resolutions will make it ap-
pear that in reducing the marimum age to
70 and the minimum age to 62 the head
and front of his offending has been to fol-
low in the path of his illustrious prede-
cessors, He may or may not deemrit ad-
visable to take Congress and the publio
into his confidence as to the reasons why
the order was issued at this time. It is
well known, however—-and this his friends
will bring out, if necessary, in debate in
Senate and House—that in this executive
act he chose the leaser of two evils.

Speaker Cannon and other House leaders
told him that a general service bill was in-
evitable unless heroic measures were ap-
plied. The Senate leaders told him, what
apparently was news to him, as until quite
recently be has encouraged the G. A. R.
in their demands for a general service
law, that for the Republican party to In-
dorae such a raid on the Treasury would
be to place an unfair burden on the tax-
payers, and would, moreover, be a most
serious, if not fatal, handicap in the Presi-
dential campaign. The middle course was
adopted of an executive order placing
under the protecting wing of the pension
laws a large portion of those who were
clamoring to be taken care of.

The soldier vote is still a force to be reck-
oned with, and between the two horns of
the dilemma the President did not hesi-
tate. He was told that he would be criti-
cised severely aud accused of violating
the Constitution by seizing powers be-
longing to Con rer but expressed his
willingness to e his punishment in order
to avoid being confronted with a general
service pension bill, such as was about
ready to be reported from the Invalid
Pensions Committee. So he signed the
order based on the principle contained
in those promulgated during the Admin-
istrations of Cleveland and McKinley.

This is his explanation and defence,
which the Republicans hope will be ac-
cepted by Congress and the people in the

Lawson's suspension had been revoked and / proper spirit.

a fine of £20 substituted. This again has been
contradicted by a notice received by N. C. A.
officials here that Lawson will be under 6us-
pension until June

That he has been barred from further
riding in Austrailia seems likely because a
letter from McFarland has been received
in New York saying that he and Lawson are
coming home and will be here when the sprint-
ing season opens.

The Australian writer goes on to tell of
a@ match between Taylor and McFarland
on April 17. McFarland won the first heat,
Of the second heat the account says: “Taylor
was Jead ing before the bel! rang, and McFar-
land let out from behind him. Rut the negro
was agreeable to letting him go and tail in
unt upon entering the finishing stretch,
when he jumped with his accustome! vigor.
But tne track beat him. At the terrific pace
he came off the turn, the comparatively flat
straignt failed to hold him and his wheels
skidded, By a dexterous movement he
righted himeelf instanwineously and jumped
again, and again he skidded. Recovering
once more in 4 masterful manner, he made
another almost superhuman effort and landed
his front wheel on the line momentarily with
McFarland’s. He had kicked for all he was
worth and then thrown the machine for-
ward, with the result that the Judgea awarded
him a dead heat.

“Of course, Macfarland saw nothing of that
last wonderful effort of the Major's, and
reckoned the verdict should have been his.
Indeed, few saw the last expiring thrust of
the machine on the line save those immo-
diately at the tape. Macfarland’s body
when finishing was lying forward: his long
neck and head were craned outward, while
Taylor's form was crouched right back and
down on his machine. ,Macfarland’s head
was eight or ten inches ahead of Taylor's,
but that, of course, counts for nothing. The
wheels came on the line together. The ma-
jority of the people, under the circumstances,
thought Macfarland had won; but it was a
matter for the judges only to decide.

“Macfarland took the decision with bad
race. He thought and fy believed he
find won, and even Taylor did not think he
bad managed to reach the mark in time to
save a beating. In proof of this he shook
hands with Macfarland as they slowed down
in the baokstretch Macfarland was so
much cut up over the decision that without
any explanation to the officials he left the
track and went home. ‘The officials were
very lenient, os they could have awarded
the race to Taylor.

“Matters were arranged so that the un-
finished match between Macfarland and
Taylor might be concluded on Feb. 18, as
well as the return match between the latter
and Lawson decided. Marfarland, how-
ever, had not recovered his equanimity
after the judges’ decision regarding the
dead heat, and was disinclined to ride. He
went so far as to obtain a physician's cer-
tificate as to his unfitness. The League of
Victoria Wheelmen, which had control of
the matches, and meetings as well, was
sceptical, and obtained the opinions of inde-
pendent medical men, who, after examina-

ion, pronounced him fit to ride for a king-
dom! And, to summarize, his racing in the
evening bore out their opinion. The league
would not have the public disappoin at
any cost

However, the matches were not finished.
In the first test with Lawson, Taylor beat
him by alength and a half after a great tussle
although Lawson bored him [cut him down
when entering upon the. backstretch. In
the second evant Taylor led at the bell, and
rounding the first turn, Lawson came abreas
and then forged half a wheel ahead down the
backstraight. At the end of it, and enter-
ing it, Lawson again bored the neato, and
with such good effect that Taylor fell heav-
ily and was incapacitated from further rao-
ing that evening.

When Lawson next appeared he was
eartily hooted, the Australian public hay-
ng Do interest in the color line or racial feel-
ng. Aman'saman, whatever hiscolor. Tay-
lor lodged a complaint against Lawson.
The umpirea at the points at which he tn-
terfered with Taylor have reported adverse)
to him At the time of the fall Taylor, y
belleve, would faye beaten his man com:
‘ortably, he had the inside position and
“Rut waa Sartloraiy neon, and much

ylor was siderably shaken, and muo

akin rubbed off his side. The public was
much disappointed at Taylor being nable
to again compete. It is to be bor th the
¥ ll be xecove ed in time for the Sydney
ousand Meeting in March. The general
opinion is that Lewson and Macfariand,
by their animosity to Taylor, practioally—
any, at any rate—admit his superiority
over them.”

ENN TERENAS ATTA ORM i RNR CS KAU D Te GEERT

 

PRIZES FOR WEATHER SHARPS.
Senator Bard Proposes to Get Accurate
Information,

WASHINGTON, March 27.—“What is the
basis of weather changes?” is the ques-
tion that has been asked for ages. If
a bill offered by Senator Bard of Cali-
fornia is passed the United States will
start a competition among weather sharps
that ought to go far toward answering
the question, eince the prize for the man
who can furnish a system for successful
long range temperature forecasting is
$100,000. To the man who discovers a
system for successful long range rainfall
forecasting a prize of $50,000 will be given.

In spite of all the experimenting and
the costly system of observation all over
the United States, the officers of the Weather
Bureau are as ignorant now of the physical
basis of weather changes as a wild Apache
Indian; in fact, the Apache is usually the
better forecaster. Both, however, are at
sea when long range predictions are con-
sidered. No man knows what the tem-

rature will be on ern a month in the
uture, nor whether the rainfall during
the summer wiil be heavy or light. It is
to discover the secret of weather changes
that the experts of the world will be invited
to compete for the prize.

Senator Bard's bill directs the Secre'
of Agriculture to invite Yale, Baia,
Johns Hopkins, Chicago and Leland Stan-
ford universities to name. one person each,
skilled in scientific matters and Bae in gov-
ernment employ, from among whom the
President is authorized to aalact three to
form a meteorological board. This board
is authorized to invite competition among
forecasters and to test the forecasts sub-
mitted.

In the temperature tests, forecasters are
required to make forecasts of temperature
for three different Pinces at which bureau
stations are located in any three of these
States: Maine, Massachusetts, Penn-
sylvania, North Carolina, Alabama, Ohio,
Minnesota, Kansas, Texas or California.
Forecasts must be filed by calendar months
for six consecutive months, the forecast
for each month to be filed thirty days before
the first of that month. The forecasts are
to consist of predictions of the daily mean
temperature expressed in degrees Fahren-

heit.

The board is ulired to verify the fore-
casts by the Weather Bureau records, and
to apply rules for grantin roentages of
accuracy. If the board finds by the rule
that the pesvenise? of accuracy in any one
forecast indicates that the physical is
of meteorology has been found, a meeting
of the board will be held, at which the suc-
cessful forecaster shall appear and ex-
plain in confidence the system he has em-
ployed. If this system is found to be prao-
tical and scientific, upon which practical
and useful long range forecasts of tem-

rature changes may be made, the lucky

‘orecaster is to receive the prize of $100,000.
The system is then to become the property
of the United States.

The same method is prescribed in the
bill for the discovery of the recret of fore-
casting rainfall. The forecasters are re-
quired to submit monthly forecasts of
rainfall in any of the States of Massachu-
setts, New York, Pennsylvania, Georgia,
Ohio, Minnesota, Missouri, Kansas, Texas,
California or the District of Columbia for
the months of March, April, May, June, Jul
and Aue of 1905, or any subs went
year. @ seven days of greatest rainfall
of each month and the seven days of least
rainfall are to be predicted, all forecasta
to be turned in at least thirty days prior
to the firat of the month forecasted. If
a practical system for forecasting rainfall
is discovered tho snecessful forecaster
is to reosive the $50.000 prize.

The bill provides that the meteorological

rd —— oaths ene See for ten
years, unless wo lop | eecrets
are discovered before that period.

 

: By 7 {
PLN Oe FOR AEE NEN Se caleikenieatiat adie

BROKAW BROTHE

 

ot to cpr na o> pees

Fhe!
1

 
 

 

Ci GoP taste in the selection of

cloth and expert designing are

tailoring.

every detail correct.

Frock Coats and Vests;
Easter time—long roll lapels, close

the characteristics which givethe
clothing made by Brokaw Bro-
thers a distinction which places
it on a par with the best custom

proper garments for
1 spaced buttons,

ASTOR-PLACE:AND-FOURTH:AVENUE

LOST IN A RESCUE ATTEMPT,

 

BRAVE ATTEMPTS TO SAVE A
FAMILY IN A FLOOD.

 

Five Lives Probably Lost in the Effort to
Reach Five Persons on the Roof of
Their House, Swept Away Near Mar-
ion, Ind.—The Family Saved Finally.

INDIANAPOLIS, March 27.—Five persons
are known to have been drowned, two more
will die from exposure, and three others
are thought to have lost their lives in the
floods which swept the lowlands five miles
south of Marion late last night and early this
morning.

James Martin, wife and three small chil-
dren, disregarding warnings, remained
in their dwelling until the flood came and the
house was torn from the foundations and
whirled against trees in midstream, where
it is held fast. In the darkness through
the cold hours the unfortunate family
sat upon the roof waiting for the help that

could not reach their place of refuge.

Time after time men launched boats and
rafts and made an effort to reach the family
on the housestop. One boat was capsized
and three men were forced to perch in trees
in an almost frozen condition for many
hours until they could be taken off. <A raft
bearing Teddy McGovern, Robert Howe
and Harvey Busbee made the second vent-
ure, and the three were in their turn thrown
into the water. The three men caught the
limbs of overhanging trees and climbed
into them, but Howe was so benumbed by
the cold that he had to be lashed to one of
the limbs to keep him from falling out.
It was after 1 o'clock this morning when a
boat got to them. McGovern and Busbee
were alive, but Howe was d : ye

Thomas McLaughlin and Charles White
started in a boat to the Martin family,
but the boat was capsized. McLaughlin
reached a tree, but White was lost. About
the same time, a boat with two men in it
started from the opposite shore, but it
went down in the current and both are
thought to have been drowned.

When the Martin family was taken off
the house at 10 o'clock this morning, two of
the children were nearly dead from the
exposure and the other child and bot
of the parents were so exhausted that
they may die of exposure.

FAKE POLICE BADGE FOUND.
Apparently Made From the Regular Die,
but the Number Was Too High.

The police of the Madison street station
would like to meet the man who lost a
police badge numbered 8110. It was found
by Patrolman Heckler at Rutgers street
and East Broadway early last evening.
They sent word to the other precincts to
look for the owner.

The badge found by Heckler never be-
longed to a policeman, although it appears
to have been made from the regular die.
One corner of the shield is cracked and the
police think that on account of this defect
it was put aside by the makers and that
some one stole it and put on the numbers.
‘he highest number of any shleld in the

department is 6823.
ATHLETICS AT YALE.

Bad Weather Hinders the Crew, Track and
Baseball Prospects.

New Haven, March 27.—Yale crew work
was hindered last week by the bad weather.
The fog was so thick on Friday that
it was deemed unwise to send out the
launch. While the first two crews were out
{no the harbor the second crew narrowly
escaped a oollision with a barge. The
coaches are undoubtedly somewhat worried
at the present outlook. This year’s crew
is far behind its predecessors and the fact
that Harvard is such an unknown quantity
this year with her new Courtney stroke adds

to the worry.

Kennedy is working out the men to de-
velop a new stroke oar. Capt. Cross, while
a splendid oar and fighter, would be much
more valuable at 7, his old position. It is
hard for him to get the proper beat into the
men at stroke, whereas he passes the stroke
back beautifully at 7. Although the regu-
lar Easter vacation beginning next Wednes-
day lasts two weeks, the crew men will re-
main in New Haven till Saturday and will
return three days before the vacation ends,
With morning and afternoon rowing it is
hoped the men will advance rapidly.

This year the situation at Yale in track
athletics is different from that of last year.
Then it was neoessary to win the inter-
collegiates to capture the fourteen year
challenge cup and the material was only of
average ability. This year many good men
entered in the freshman class and the old
men have improved. Capt. Clapp is in better
form than ever and should be supreme in
the burdles this year. A good second string
is lacking, however, as Wertz, Anderson,

Sales and Milburn are nothing wonderful,
n the sprints Yale has Torrey, T'wichell and
Sheffield, all freshmen, and Alexander. These
men are all good and ought to prove the
strongest bunch of sprinters Yale has had in
ears, Torrey in particular. Inthe quarter are
dates, Johnston, Burnap and Long. Cates
has been running very well and Long ought
to do well, although he Buffered a reversal of
form last year,

The half-mile and the two-mile are ex-
ceedingly well taken care of. Parsons, a fresh-
man, has done particularly well and broke
the indoor half-mile world’s record at Buf-
falo last week. To aid him there are Hail,

leott and Parkhurst of last qaass team.

t is doubtful if Deming runs this year, but

if he does he will add considerable strength
in the half-mile, In the field events Yale is
not as strong as in former years. There are
a number of men in the high and long jumps
of medium ability, but no stars. erhaps
the best are Jack in the high and Fallows
in the long jump. About the only really good
shotputter is Glass. The hammer throwers
are somewhat better off with Shevlin and
Harris. On the whole Yale looks to have a
winning team.

Judging by the first baseball game, though
the opposing team was weak it seems as
though Yale ought to have a championship
nine this year. The moet encouraging
feature is the abundance of good pitching
material. MacKay and Jackson did par-
Houlariy well, the former having the Trinity

atamen at his mercy. He struck out the
first four men and had wonderful speed for

ple oe Oy oence. The two freshmen
AD nm, were stro
6esm Likely to fll up the vacancies jett b

duation, One department of 6 wo
n which the men show vast im ee rere
over previous rs fs batting. Rhey have
had much batting practice and the coachcs
are straining every nerve to get a hitting team
even at the expense of fielding. Dutch Carter
will come to New Haven before the team
leaves on its Easter trip,and other coaches
are expected. The nine will play George-
town, Virginia, Annapolis and others on
cae southern tour and will get a-good trying

   
   

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS,

 

Executors’ Unrestricted Sale

American Art Galleries,

MADISON SQUARE SOUTH, NEW YORK

To-Night at 8:30

To-morrow Wednesday
Night Night
at 8:30. at 8:30,

 

At Unrestricted Public Sale

By Order of Ralph H. Dunn and Henry bh,
Whelpley, Executors,

The Valuable
Ancient and Modern
PAINTINGS

AND
Water Colors

Belonging to the Estate of the Late

JamesMcCormick

Now on Free View.
The sale will be conducted by
THOPIAS E. KIRBY, of the

AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers
6 East 23d St., Madison Square South.

 

DEWEY HAS NO RACE PREJUDICE.

He Gives Reason Why He Didn't Call on
the Negro President of Santo Domingo.

WASHINGTON, March 27.—Several persons
have been writing to the Secretary of the
Navy asking if Admiral Dewey, when he
was at Santo Domingo City on the May-
flower with Assistant Secretary of State
Lootnis, Rear Admiral Taylor and other
officers, did not call on Morales, the Domini-
can negro President, on account of race
prejudice. Admiral Dewey gives an en-
tirely different reason for his failure to
call on Morales.

“The river at Santo Domingo is really
little more than a creek,” he said, in an in-
terview. “There had been firing in the
vicinity that day. People in the town
had been wounded. It seemed to me that
the sight of a boatload of officers in gold

| lace going up that creck would likely anger

the insurgents. Had we been fired upon
it would have caused trouble. Then every
one would have been asking: ‘What were
the fools going up there for at such a time,
anyway?’”

“But there was no intention on your part
of avoiding the President because he was
@ negro?” '

“Oh, no,” replied the Admiral. ‘You
know I came from Vermont, where we
have no prejudice against colored men.
While I was in Montpelier there were very
few colored people there. I remember
one, for many years a barber. We called
him Mr. Smith and treated him fust like
other folks. That’s the way we do with
negroes in Vermont." ‘

One of the persons who wrote to Secre-
tary Moody to ask if Admiral Dewey would
not call on President Morales because he
was @ negro was Franklin A. Wright of 6
Magie street, Cambridge, Mass. On fFri-
dav Mr. Moody wrote him an explanatory
letter which shows that Admiral Dewey
thought the Morales incident important
enough at the time to forward an explana-
tion of it to the Navy Department, through
Rear Admiral Taylor, his Chief of Staff, as
follows:

Admiral Dewey asks me to drop a line «0
that the President and you may understand
the matter more clearly than our oable of
to-day can express it We anchored outside
of the mouth of the small river at Santo
Domingo City, where our Minister came
off to see us He told us that there had beeu
fighting during the morning and more wus
expected in the afternoon, and that two
people had been wounded in the town by
shots from across the river, which is only
a creek, quite narrow. Admiral Dewey then
decided that our party should not land, and
sent his respecta to the President (Morales)
by the Minister He felt that the landing of
our party in full uniform to call upon a@ Pres -
dent whose rights were dénied by the in-
surgents occupying the bush, and whom the
Government forces seemed unable to dis-
lodge, would quite possibly cause them to
fire upon our boat, and that if an accident
should occur {t would cause much annor-
ance and embarrassinent to the President
and yourselt, there being, besides the Admiral,
the Assistunt Secretary of State in the boat.

Secretary Moody adds:

You are aware that in two instances at
Santo Domingo City landing parties from
American war vessels have come within
the zone of fire of the contending parties
resulting in the wounding of one man and
the death of another man. Such occurrences
tend to create bitterness and might draw our
forces into hostilities not contemplated
by the policy of our Government. I am

uite sure that you will agree with mr opinion
that in this instance Admiral Dewey acted
with the wisdom, prudence and diacreton
which has always characterized his services
to the country.

   

The Lion
Brewery

of New York City.

In successful operation for half a centary.
10s8th Street and Columbus Avenue

Bock Beer

Both Pilsener and Dark

On Draught on Monday, March 28th,
at all of our 900 customers in this city