ra

NEW FIRE COMPANIES,

FOR

 

CHIEF OROKER’S PLANS
PROTECTING THE CITY.

 

fays the Low Administration Fell Behind
in Supplying New Apparatus—Pienty
of Officers Made by Sturgis, He Adds
—Where New Companies Will Be,

Fire Commissioner Hayes proposes the
establishment of about thirty-three new
fire companies, twenty-one in Manhattan
and The Bronx and twelve in Brooklyn
and Queens, and in his letter submitting
his plans to the Mayor and the Board of
FKatimate and Apportionment he says he
thinks the work of extension ought to be
begun within a year, and that more than
$2,000,000 will be needed.

Chief Croker has picked out the locations
for the new companies. With two excep-
tions the new companies in Manhattan
are to be located above Twenty-third street,
mostly in crowded apartment house dis-
tricts

At present there is no hook and ladder
company along the line of Third and Lex-
ington avenues between Twenty-eighth
and Fiftieth streets, nor between there
and Sixty-seventh street. From Sixty-
seventh street to Eighty-fifth street is
another stretch of nearly a mile between
truck companies, and it is two miles to the
next at 125th street. On the West Side
there are only four hook and ladder com-
panies beween Forty-eighth street and 140th
street, and from there the next one to the
north is at Spuyten Duyvil. Engine com-
panies are as badly needed as trucks in these
districts, Chief Croker says. The Wash-
ington Heights district is scheduled for
several new companies.

“Besides the big increase of population
up there,” said Chief Croker, “and most
of it in big apartment houses at that, where
people are quickly cut off by smoke, there
are a whole lot of orphan asylums and

ublic institutions that need better pro-

ection,

“Then there's the Amsterdam avenue
hill to be considered. Apparatus can’t

et up that hill without help, even when
there's no snow on the streets. We have
to carry ropes and get the trolley cars
to give us & tow.”

Up in The Bronx, which is covered with
old wooden tenements, additional apparatus
ja nseded even more than in Manhattan,
Chief Croker says. There are only two
truck companies between 129th street,
along the line of Third avenue, and 166th
street, and none between there and Ford-
ham, a good two miles, and the engines
are as scarce as the trucks.

Kingsbridge, which came pretty near
being wiped off the map last year because
the nearest engine company was twenty
ininutes away, is down on the list for one
‘ngine and one truck company,

“The city has grown away beyond the
department,” says the Chief. “It was
allowed to run ahead of us even in the
days before I was turned out, and I was
adding about five companies a year at that.
There hasn’t been a single new land com-
pany organized in the last two years and
that puts us ten companies behind what
we would have had at the old rate, which
was too slow anyway. I tell you the city
neene these new companies and needs them

vadlv,

“The only addition to the department
the last administration made was the fire-
hLoat Abram S. Hewitt, and they were in
such a hurry to get her into the depart-
ment before they left that they turned her
over without even a length of hose or an
oi) can aboard.

“Talk about fireboats, why the Seth Low
and the David Boody were in such rotten
condition that the United States Govern-
ment inspectors refused them_ licenses.
They were out of service when I came in
and I’m trying now to get the $25,000 it will
take to fix the Low up and the $6,500 the
Boody needs.

“Most of the other boats are in such shape
that they'd be put out of commission, too,
if the inspectors got a good look at them.
We need two new boats anyway to properl
cover the warehouse district over in Sout
Brooklyn.

“The old administration gave us four
new engines—47, 35, 16 and 18—and say,
they've been in the repair ehee, oftener
than they've been in service. hy, they
were turned down by such little towns as
Atlantic City before we were gold-bricked
with ‘em. They're a make of engine nobody
ever heard of before. They're not built
right; the material isn’t in 'em.”

The Chief says that it will be a year after
the plans are approved before the new com-
panies can be put inservice. There will be
no trouble getting apparatus and men. As
for officers, he says that Commissioner
Sturgis appointed enough superfluous bat-
talion chiefs and such to supply pretty nearly
all the places the new companies will make.

 

PLANNED TO KILL BACHMAN.

Brusch, Who Shot Enright, Hopes Still to
Commit Sutcide.

Mike Brusch, the thief who killed Police-
man Hugh Enright on Sunday, March 20,
and who is in the prison ward at Bellevue
Hospital, grew more communicative yester-
day and in relating the circumstances
that led up to the shooting said that he
got his revolver for the purpose of killing
Watchman Henry Bachman, who firat
detected him. He expected Bachman
would follow him into the cellar of the
bakery, where he purposed to kill him
and hide his body in the icebox.

Brusch told this story to Roundsman Fal-
coner of the East Fifty-first street sta-
tion, who, with another policeman, has been
watching him at the hospital for the past
four days on acount of his repeated asser-
tion® that he would never be taken to the
lombs alive.

“[ didn’t have a gun when I first went
to turn off tthat bakeshop at 1 o'clock
last Sunday morning,” he said. “But as
soon as I went into the cellar I spied the
watchman and knew he was onto me. I
decided not to let him bluff me, so when I
went away to get the Ginny and the wagon I
stuck a gun in my pocket.

“When I went back to the bakery and
got inside, I found a good sized icebox
there that I figured would hold the watch-
man's body if he tried to do any funny
business. I thought he would follow ma
into the cellar himself instead of rapping
for a cop.

“I'm sorry I killed Enright, but it was my
only chance. If you'd only #ye me half a
chance the State wouldn’t have to go to
the expense of shooting electricity into me,”

Brusch said that hia only relatives, his
mother and brother, live in Germany. He
spent most of his boyhood in German re-
formatories, and since he came here sixteen
vears ago he hasn't earned an honest dollar,
He declared that he always entered buildings
though the cellar or a rear door, and said
that although he has had many opportuni-
tea to rob drunken men, he has never sunk
80 iOW.

Brusch will be arraigned in Yorkville
court this morning. He could have gone
to court several days ago if Dr. Palmer,
who is in charge of the prison ward, hadn't,
feared some complication that might send
him back to the hospital.

He has caused so much trouble in the
past week on account of his constant efforts
to do violence to himself, that the doctors,
nurses and policemen will be greatly re-
heved to see him taken away.

 

 

Arrested for Robbing a Library.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., March 27.-—Jere-
miah F, Sullivan, a painter, was arrested
to-day for stealing books from the city
library and selling them. Books have
been stolen from the library almost daily
for three months. Also many books and
some valuable works of art have been
mutilated. Other persons are suspected
and warrants have been issued,

 

Gov. Cummins Out of Danger.

DES Mornges, Ia., March 27,—Goy. Cum-
mins, who has been suffering from an attack
of pneumonia, has so far recovered that
the attending physicians declare him out
of danger.

FEARING DOWN THE RUINS.

 

Crowd of Sightseers Watches the Wreckers

at Work on Lower Broadway.

Thousands of men and women took ad-
vantage of the fine weather yesterday
to walk down Broadway to see the ruins of
Saturday’s fire. More than a hundred
policemen were on hand to keep the sight-
seers away from the ruins. Ropes were
stretched across the sidewalk above and
below the burned district and in Trinity
place in the rear of the buildings.

Bartholomew Dunn, the wrecking oon-
tractor of the Bureau of Buildings, was
at the ruins with a force of men and a start
was made at tearing down the walls which
were still standing. Only the Broadway
ends of the floors of 59 and 61 remained
intact, a few heavy beams keeping them in
place. The rear of the floors all went down
in the fire, together with most of the rear
wall.

The wreckers pulled down the rest of
the rear wall and most of the gable walls
yesterday, leaving only the front walls
and the front end of the floors untouched...

The express companies set a force of
men at work helping the wreckers in getting
out stuff buried in the fire. Most of it is
80 deep under débris that little was accom-
plished save the recovery of some papers
and records. A safe that had been taken
into the building at 61, just before the fire
started, and which stood near the front door,
fae Deuled out, apparently little the worse

CHOKING UP THE PASSAIO.

Wholesaic Arraignment of Offenders May
Follow Police Investigation.

PaTERson, N.J., March 27.—Police officers
{n citizens’ dress have been patrolling the
banks of the Passaic River here for the last
two weeks to get evidence against people
who throw solid refuse matter into the
river in defiance of a city ordinance.
Several owners of river property will be
called before Recorder Noonberg to-morrow
morning to answer to the charge of river
pollution.

If the Recorder accepts the complaints
and they result in conviction it is said that
nearly every resident along both sides of
the river from the Passaic Falls to the
Wagarwaw Bridge, a distance of three
miles, will be arrested and fined. A fine
of $50 is fixed by the ordinance for each
offence of river pollution.

From the evidence in their possession
no less than seventy prosecutions will
result, and if a conviction is made in every
case the city coffers will be enriched many
thousands of dollars. ‘The officers have
seven complaints to make against one firm.

The agitation nets river pollution
was started several months ago by the
Paterson Taxpayers’ Association. With
the débris of the last two floods and the in-
disoriminate use of the river as a dumping
ground for ashes, old tron, building
materials and what not, the bed of the
stream has become choked on both sides,
and only in the middle is the original channel
preserved.

The Taxpayers’ Association in publio
and private meetings drew the attention
of Mayor Belcher to the lamentable state
of the river, with the result that he instructed
Chief of Police Graul to get evidence against
all offenders.

One man was found by the officers throw-
ing a whole case of exoelsior into the river.
The very next dey he was caught doing
the same thing. Several prominent con-
tractors and the Public Service Corporation
are eaid to figure among those against
whom the officers have collected evidence.
Complaints were to have been made yester-
Cay but Chief Graul wished to get the
opinion of City Counsel Lewis before pro-
ceeding to law with the matter.

 

 

CONCERT TO AID VASSAR FUND.

Alumne Striving to Raise a Large Sum,
Which Rockefeller Will Double.

Miss Agnes S. Wood, daughter of Dr. J.
Walter Wood of Port Richmond, Registrar
of Records in the Department of Health,
borough of Richmond, has completed
arrangements for a concert to be given on
April 15 in the oommandery room, Masonio
Temple, Manhattan, for the benefit of
Vassar College.

Miss Wood is a graduate of Vassar of the
class of 03, and while astudent distinguished
herself in athletics, carrying off the cham-
pionship for high jumping and breakin
2 worenie college records in the 100-yar,

ash.

The object of the concert is to benefit
the Vassar endowment fund, for which
John D. Rockefeller promised to double
all that the college can raise in two years
for the endowment up to $200,000. The
time set by Mr. Rockefeller will expire
next June.

MAY NOT ABANDON CANAL.

Assertion That Bigger Coal Boats May
Make It Profitable.

Paterson, N. J., March 27.—It is said
here that there is a fair chance that not
only will the Morris Canal not be abandoned
but that its usefulness as a coal carrying
medium will be greatly increased, It is
the intention, so it is said, to build larger
boats than those now in use on the canal.
These new boatea will be strong enough
to stand a trip up the Hudson River. Of
late it has been unprofitable to unload coalat
Newark and transport it to its destination
on cars. The new plan will make it possi-
ble for the Lackawanna Railroad to com-

te with other companies for Hudson

iver trade,

The statement coincides with that fre-
quently made at Trenton last year by rep-
resentatives of the Lehigh that their com-

ny would not wait more than one year
or the State to take action on the aban-
donment.

PARROT DIES OF GRIEF.

Her Best Friend, a Collie, Had Been Shot
and She Wouldn’t Eat.

WILKESBARRE, March 27.—Polly, the pet
parrot of Peter Mannion of Carbondale,
near here, has died of a broken heart, be-
cause of the death of her greatest friend
and confident, Jack, a big collie, who was
shot three weeks ago when he showed
symptoms of madness

The bird and the dog had lived together
for years and daily ate from the same dish
and were the best of friends.

When, on the day the dog was shot, he
did not appear for their accustomed meal
Polly moped and would not eat, and since
then she has refused food, except a little
occasionally, which kept her alive, She
grew more moody as the days went by
and became weaker and weaker until yes-
terday, when she died and went to animal-
dom to search for Jack.

 

 

 

WAR ON TRADING STAMPS.
Nearly 300 Merchants Sign an Agreement
Not to Use Them.

Paterson, N. J., March 27.—The war
against the trading stamps in this city is
getting vigorous. No less than 201 mer-
chants have signed an agreement not to
use trading stamps of any kind after April 15.
The merchants and members of the trades
councils are all opposed to the stamps.
Members of the trades organizations assert
that the stamp companies redeem their
stamps with non-union made goods.

The 201 merchants who have signed the
agreement represent, it is said, all the
largest concerns in the city, and their action
will kill the business in this city, if is pre-
dicted, for a time at least.

 

 

Fell a Foot and Broke His Leg.

Victor Bessler of Ralph avenue, Brook-
lyn, visited the home of a friend at Wood-
haven Junction, Queens borough, yester-
day afternoon. During the visit he aided |
in training a grapevine. While he was

standing on the lowest rung of the step-
ladder, a foot from the around. the ladder

slipped. Bessler fell and his left leg was
broken. He is in St. Mary's Hospital in
Jamaica.

COMBINES PROSECUTED, 1680.

Interesting Old Record From the Surro-
gate’s Office.

Away back in 1680 the New York authori-
ties proceeded against the coopers and
shoemakers for illegally combining, possi-
bly to restrain trade. The members of
those early “trusts” were found guilty,
and were individually fined.

In a search a few days ago of the old
records of the Surrogates’ office an entry
was discovered in volume 9 which showed
that the coopers of New York had been
haled before the Governor and Council
on a charge of having made a compact,
presumably to keep up prices. In the case
of the shoemakers, they appear to have
made some sort of a deal with the tanners,
and, although according to the Governor's
proclamation the tanners appear to have
been at fault, only the shoemakers were
fined by the city, the tanners simply losing
their dues from the shoemakers, The total
fines paid by the coopers was £55 and by
the shoemakers £16 98.9d. At the value of
money in those days this amount must have
been something of a windfall for the
churches, which profited by the fines.

This is a copy of the old record, which,
so far as is known, has never before been
Published:

BY THE GOVERNEUR:

Whereas, The Coopers within this City
were before me in Councell on Complaint
of an {illegal Combinacon and Compact made
Between them then Produced, Ordered to
Pay Each fifty Shillings to the Church or
Pious uses and the Tanners having counte-
nanoed and suffered the Tanning of Hides
by the Shoemakers contrary to law, Have
forfeited their Pretended dues from said
Shoemakers weh they had agreed for att
Sixpence per hide And the Shoemakers
ordered to be accomptable for the saine to
the Chureh or Charitable uses

Both which not Being yett payed or Col-
lected I Doe therefore Kemit the same to you
to be duly Collected and Payed into the
Church Masters for suid uses Accordingly

Dated the Filth day of January 1680
TO THE MAYOR AND ALDERMEN |
‘OF THE CITY OF NEW YORKE
CITY OF NEW YORK * ,
EXECUTION GRAN LED TO THE SHOE- |

MAKERS AND TANNERS | )
To the Sheriffe of the said Citty &c

Whereas, ‘The Coopers within this City
were before the Governor in Councell on
Complaint of an illegal Combination and
Compact made Between them and Produced

Ordered to pay each fifty Shillings to the
Church or Pyous uses And the Tanners have-
ing Countenanced and suffered the ‘Tanning of
Hydes by the Shoemakers Contrary to Law
to forfeit their pretended dues from suid
Shoemakers which they had agreed for att

Six pence per hide And the Shoemakers
ordered to accomptable for the same to
the Church or Charitable uses, both weh

not Being Payed or Collected was by order
of the Governor Dat 5 of January 1680 re-
mitted to the Mayor and Aldermen of this
City to be duly Collected adnd Payed into
the Church Ma for said uses accordingly
Pursuant to wich severall Demands have been
made by the Sheriffe by order of the Court
of the said Coopers and Shooemakers for the
same who have and doe Refuse to Pay

These are Therefore in his Mat** name to
require and Command You to Levy of the
Goods and Chattles of the said Coopers and
Shoemakers their said several fines & for-
feitures according to the List herewith an-
nexed with Costs

And in case you cannot finde effects to
Sattisfie the same that then you take them
or either of them into your Custody and
Safely Keepe untill he or they. shall sattisfle
the same with all costs and charges off the
which account to:be Rendered and Given
as in the said Order Directed And for soe
Doing this shall be Yee warr't.

Given under my hand this 20% Day of
Aprill in the 34% yeare of his Mate R eigne
Annoque Domini 1682

Wm BEEKEMAN Dé@p; Mag?
COOPERS.

| Joba Crooke

John Mookernesse

Peter Abrams

Wouter Bresse
,Cornells Myrharte
Derick Jansen De Groote
Luyca Gerson
Peter Bresse

Wm Hoppia

Clares Burger
Robt, Cooke
Examo4 p

JOHN WEST
SHOOFMAKERS

Hendrick Jellisse...... cece ecee renee 10+ 3
Tymon V. Bursum........ tee
David Provost........
Jacob Provost,....
Louls Hendrickson ..
Peter Metr.......
Gerritt Lydecker
Albertus Ringo.
Laurus Holst.... ;
Jantca Hardenbrooke.
Jan Winderts........ rasa bes
John Peter BoS.........-eceeeceeeees Gri
WITHOSI@iicicicstscrticeieserwenesicasent
Caster Lewson.......

Richard Elliott
Evert Wessells
Wm. Waldron
John Vincent
Peter Stevens
Audries Brasse
Clement Seabrooke
Martin Clock
Gyics Provost
John Peterson
Hendrick Kemer
Each to pay £2 10s.

2

 
 
 
    
   
 

ata INADA sy

   

DanowrunPro-Neheus

 

Derick Ten Fyke...... 16
Cooeurate Ten PyK@..c. cece ec eeee cree cee Seas
TODIMS TENT HYKG.iccrs ss cccccesnecestasvays 5
£16 9 @
The above acoount given In by the Tanners and
examdp JOHN WEST CL
CRY FROM MACEDONIANS.

 

Committee tn New York Asks for Help
From America.

The Macedonian Club, which meets in
the boarding house at 239 East Eighteenth
street, organized the Macedonian (Com-
mittee of New York last night. Ina state-
ment addressed “to the American people”
the committes set forth its purpose as
follows.

Our mission to this country is to lay before
the American people the trie causes of the
present deplorable conditions in Macedonia and
to ask their moral and material support in our
struggle for an endurable existence. Weare
not here to promote the political interests of
ambitious statesmen. Macedonia has suf-
fered long enongh from the intrigues of
various propagandas, abetted by the selfish
policies of foreign Powers, but solely to repre-
sent the Macedonians who are fighting for
the sanctity of their homes

For years prayers and appeals have failed
and insome cases have served only to incensa
our oppressors There is no hope left ex-
cept In a resort to arms in self-defence
Every fighter in Macedonia is a man who
has been rendered desperate by outrages
committed on members of his family_or has
had the roof over his head burned. We can
long endure the rapacity of tax collectors
the corruption of civil officials and the denial
of even the most elementary participation
in the Government, but when our homes
our schools and our churches are turne
into barracks for the brutal and uncontrolla-
ble Turkish soldiery, we are goaded to des-
peration and to preferring horrors with an
end now to enduring horrors without an
end

Our cause is primarily the sanctity of the
home. We will continue to fight for that
cause, and in our efforts to defend our moth-
ers and sisters against outrage we ask the
support of the entire civilized world, and we
confidently believe that we are entitled to
the sympathies of this great republic, which
once declared to Touis Kossuth, the Hun-
garian patriot, that the destinies of human-
kind are one
THE MACEDONIAN COMMITTEE OF NEW YORK

Constantine Stephanove, a young Yale
graduate, was elected president of the
committee. The\ other officers are Ivan
Radoulotf, treasurer, who took part in the
fighting in Macedonia last fall, and Albert
Sonnichsen, secretary.

HARRY ROSE MISSING.

Is the Manager of the Paterson Office of a
New York Concern.

PaTERsON, N. J., March 27.—Harry Rose,
local manager of the Hygeia Soap Company,
who was at one time connected with the
jewelry trade, has been missing from his
home for two weeks. Rose took the man-
age rship of the Hygeia concern on Feb. 1
last.

The Hygeia soap is marketed through
machines placed in factories and large
public buildings. Some of these machines
marked on the books as not paid for were
found to have been paid for some time
ago, but the shortage, if any really exists,
is small Rose's friends cannot account
for his disappearance. Just before he
left he made persistent attempts to see the
manager of the head office In New York,
but failed.

Fire Chief Croker’s Mother Very Ul.

PLAINFIELD, N. J... March 27.--Mrs.
Addie Croker, the mother of Fire Chief
Edward F. Croker of New York, is very ill
with nervous prostration at the home of
her son, Richard, 45 State street, Dr.
Moore, while not fearing any serious results
at present, has ordered that she be kept
absolutely quiet and no one is allowed to
see her except the trained nurses. To-night
it was said she was slightly improved.

 

 

 

_————— eee ee

RUSH ON TO ALASKAN CAMPS,

CROWD ALL THE
GOING NORTH.

 

PROSPECTORS
STEAMERS

 

Klondike Expects a Good Season—New
Diggings Draw Many Fortune Seckers
—Work in the Lake Superior Copper
Field—Developing Nevada’s Gold Ficlds

SraTTLeE, Wash., March 21 —Six steamers
sailed from Seattle for the North last week,
and some were compelled to reject passen-
gers and freight. Thia was especially the
case on the Valdes route, where gold seekers
and oil men have joined in the rush, the
greater number, however, being bound for
the Tanana. The Skagway steamers are also
well patronized with miners and steamboat
men, the former to be on hand at the early
clean-up and the latter to put the lake and
river steamers {n commission.

The Klondike miners have all had a good
winter, Thereisonly oneopinion about these
mines,fand that is, that they will turn out
nearly or quite $1,000,000 more than they did
last year. ‘This will be the first gold to come
out, in May and June, followed closely br
that from Forty-Mile and the Tanana dig-
gings

A messenger from the Hudson Bay Com-
pany post on Laird River brings out reports
of a good strike on Devil Creek, one of the trib-
utaries of that river. The discovery was
made by Indians, who brought out the glod
with their furs, which they traded with the
company. The gold was worth $20 an ounce,
At Wrangel there is considerable excitement
over this new discovery and also over the
gold coming out from the Cassiar district,
the last shipment amounting to $50,000

Prospectors sent out by Dawson capitalists
to examine the Ruby Creek country have
returned with good reports. They say the
country is well watered and timber is abund-
ant. The numerous creeks heading in the
district have been prospected and show
good colors in almost every pan, while in
many of them coarse gold is found. In
Ruby, McKinley and Dixie creeks as high as
forty colors were found to the pan. The
roads were found in excellent condition,
sleds with two tons passing over them with-
out trouble. Trading posts are being estab-
lished at desirable points and provisions can
be obtained at reasonable rates

Reports from the beach diggings at Ya-
kataga are of the most cheerful character,
the diggings paying from $5 to$8aday. The
same regulations prevail here as at Nome
when the beach gold was discovered, and
there is no trouble in securing claims. There
are 200 miners scattered along the seashore
and all appear to be doing well, but the best
atrikes are made during extreme low water,
when the men can scrape the sand and gravel
from behind the rocks. The largest pans
obtained in this way went as high ae $40.
The beach prospects for thirty miles, and
the indications are that the miners will do
fully as well as they did the first year at
Nome. Vessels have been successful in
landing passengers directly on the beach,
but it is very risky. Little prospecting has
been done in the interior of this district, but
the general impression is thatthe country is
not only rich in gold, silver and copper, but
in petroleum as well. At present the snow
is from two to four feet deep near the beach

In Atlin district the Spruce Creek Company
will pnt in a hydraulic plant at a cost of about
$100,000.

The Cook Inlet mines are attracting capital
this spring and machinery will be placed on
two or three of the most promising claims.
The output of gold last season was much
greater than was expected. The prospect
of the Alaska Central Railroad passing through
the district is also stimulating development.

The largest consignmentof gold dust this
spring was brought out by the Cottage City,
amounting to $230,000. This was consigned
to the Government Assay Office by a Dawson
bank, This was the last of the fall clean-
up on the Klondike.

California oil operators are taking in-
crensed interest in the Kayak oil flelds and
it is reported that about fifty new rigs will be
put in this spring.

LAKE SUPERIOR COPPER.

Houanton, Mich., March 24.—Production
of refined copper by Lake Superior mines
during 1003 fell short of the earlier estimate
of 200,000,000 pounds, the actual figures being
about 193,000,000 pounds. This production,
however, was an increase of about 23,000,000
pounds over the preceding year, which in
turn exceeded 1901 by about 15,000,000 pounds.

Owing to the month's strike at the South

Range mines, cutting off about 3,000,000
pounds production, and the severe storms,
which have hampered the transportation

of rock between mines and mills, both Feb-
ruary and March products are considerably
below. normal. The Baltic, Trimountain
and Champion mines are again producing at
the rate of 1,000,000 pounds each monthly,
and the Mohawk is soon to have another
stam It is probable that the Arcadian
will be stamping within a few months, and
the Ahmeek will probably begin production
with a lease head at the Tamarack mill within
sixty or ninety days. The Michigan and
Phonix, which began regular production
late in 1909, will each make upward of 1,000,000
ounds of copper this year, and the Osceola
s also increasing production, Under normai
circumstances the increase in output this
year will be smaller than for several years
past, but barring some serious accident to
the Calumet and Hecla, still the mainstay
of the District, 1904 production of Lake cop-
per will easily exceed 200,000,000 pounds,
and may reach 210,000,000, The output of the
Calumet and Hecla is almost invariably
overestimated in printed figures and general
calculations. Actual production of refined
copper by this mine for 1903 was 76,400,869
pounds, and the average for the past four
years has been slightly less than 80,000,000
pounds annually, despite the common esti-
mates of 85,000,000 to 90,000,000 pounds a
year. The tendency in making figures of
productions for this or any other copper
producing district is very strongly toward
exaggeration, and yearly estimates of output
are rarely borne out by the final figures from
accurate sources.
Local capital is developing several copper
properties in the district north of Georman
ay, Ontario, and one of these, the Herminia,
is nearly ready to begin production. While
Arizona has the call for local funds, the cash
of the copper district is being used to de-
velop copper mines in twenty American
States, and also in several States of the Re-
public of Mexico, and several provinces of
the Dominion of Canada,
Shipments of refined copper by all-rail
routes during the winter have been «about
normal. The Calumet and Hecla has inide
emall shipments, but, a8 usual, is accumulating
a stock of mineral to be sent by water to the
Buffalo works during the seusonof Laker nvi-
RA UOn The other mines of the district
nave been shipping copper practically os fast
as made, but the accumulation of stocks
will now begin, as the opening of navigation
is only a month distant, and there isan average
saving of $8 a ton in sending copper from
Houghton to the Atlantic seaboard by the
mixed Jake-and-rail route
Should the developments at the Michigan
mine continue as favorable as since production
was begun in November, it is altogether prob-
able that an effort will be made to reopen
the National mine, which adjoins the Michi-
an The National was the last of the old
ntonagon county mines to go out of business,
having operated until about ten years ago,
and the company has paid dividends of $320,-

000
MONTANA

Butre, March 20—The Golden Sunlight
group of mines near Whitehall has passed
into the possession of Eugene Ring of Butte,
who is the representative of a® mumber ot
Eastern capitalists The mines have been
tied up by the system of lensing for a number
of years. These leases have all expired and
the property willbe systematically developed,
The group consists of twenty patented clainis,
eight mill sites, water rights as well as the
concentrator, and the machinery, which has
been in use jn the mines. Five of the claims
have been producers for the last five years
and $250,000 worth of ore has been shipped
from them. These are the Sunlight, Golden,
Last Chance, Buffalo and Telluride. The ore
is principally sulphide, carrying gold and
silver in paying quantities, while a small
amount of oxide ore is found. A shaft has
been sunk on the Mineral Hill claim to a depth
of 7h feet, anda tunnel which is in 300 feet hes
been started to tap the vein. Another tunnel,
which is now in 1,300 fect, is being run to tap
the veins of all six of these claims. A new
mill and concentrator will be built by the

urchasers, as the old works on the property

ave been found incapable of treating the ores
of the claims. There are now 6,000 tons of
tailings alone, which oesay from 87 to $10 4
ton, and they will be worked over with the
new process

The Cataract Copper. Mining Company's
smelter near Basin has heen completed, and
started on a trial run this week. The plant
is the first of ite kind in Montana, being a
modern pyritic process where sulphur is
used ae fuel in gmelting. The process is’
economical and allows the treating of such
low grade ores as are impossible of reduction
under any other process. The smelter is
located in one of the largest low grade ore
districts in the world, and it is hoped wil

be the means of opening up that part of the
State which lies between Basin and Elliston.

M. E. Jensen of New York, general manager
of the Rose Gold Mining and Milling Com-
pany, operating near Jefferson City, recently
made an exhaustive examination of the
property, and expressed himself as well satis-
fled with the prospects, us well as with the
pew work being done on the property. Plans
are now under way for the erection of a
60-stamp mill.

A rich strike of ore has been made in the
Cape Nome group of mines about three miles
from Clinton and six miles from the Copper
Clif claims, which were recently sold to
astern capitalists. The group owned by
Montana men, and while development wor
has been going on for only three months,
there isa carload of ore to be shipped to Butte
to be tested. The ore carries about 10 per
cent. copper and some silver, with a small
amount of gold. A 300-foot tunnel has been
driven and a lead of 6% feet is uncovered.

J. H. Price, superintendent of the Gold
Reef mines, seven miles northeast of Philips-
burg, Granite county, Mon., reports that
he has cut the vein in the tunnel at the &00-
foot level at the mill, that it is 4 feet wide
and pans $50 per ton, the ore being free mill-
ing. Tunnel No. 1 is driven 200 feet on the
vein at the 200-foot level; tunnel No, 2 is
driven 450 feet on the vein at the 400 foot
level; tunnel No. 3 is driven 50 feet on the
vein at the 600-foot level, and now tunnel
No. 4 cuts the vein at the 800-foot level,
where the vein shows stronger and richer
than at higher levels.

LAKE REGION IRON MINES,

DuLutTH, Minn., March 24.—-Reports of
mine inspectors for the various counties
in Michigan show that the number of men
employ in ore production is about the
same is it hasbeen during the winter, though
the reports of cessation of operations have
been frequent. In Crystal Falls and adjacent
territory 850 men are now working in mines,
of whom 300 are for Corrigan, McKinney
& Co. At the height of activity the number
in this county was about 1,000 more. In Dick-
inson county there has not been af great a
reduction, and about 2,000 men are now at

work.

Though the Republic Iron and Steel Com-
pany owns large mines on both the Mesaba
and Marquette ranges, none of them is to
be included in the proposed combination
of that company with the Sloss-Sheffleld
and the Tennessee Coal and Iron, upon which
experts are now at work. The details of the
consolidation are to be announced in a few
days, and it is supposed that the deal will
be closed. The Northern plants and mines
of the Republic, which is the only concern
of the three with holdings in the North, will
be set out and run independently. In the
past a small proportion of Lake Superior
ores of this company have been shipped to
ita Southern works,

All winter work has been under way just
north of the international line, at Black Bay
Ont., on a lead and zine property owne
by Duluth men and now under option to the
Ontario Lead and Zine Mining Company
Several shafta have been sunk and a lot of
prospecting has shown that the lead runs
out with depth, its place being taken by zine
blende, which is very rich. The vein is widen-
ing out and the indications are that a val-
uable mine has been discovered, The com-
pany proposes to ship extensively this year
and has nearly 1,000 tons of rich zine and
lead on surface.

At the large deep mines of the Michigan
ranges, where the night forces were dis-
charged last fall, it is not probable that a
twenty-hour day will be | inaugurated this
season, as the companies think all ore neces-
sary can be mined on half time. Many of
these mines now have a large tonnage on sur-
face and are fully up with probable require-
ments. During the winter, while mining
has been inactive and there has been little
money in the business, mines have moin-
tained their developmenta away ahead, and
are now bigger mines than a year ace, lu spite
of the shipments of the year. Every vear
a few once large mines become ex! wusted,

and limit their production to the robbing
of pillars and the cleaning out of ore that
had been left around shafts. lis process

is now under way at several once in portant
producers, But it has been the case at one
or two of these old mines that new deposits
have been found while this work has been
in progress, and the future of some of them
is far better now than a year ago

At the Oliver Mining Company's Pioneer
Mine, Vermilion range, the great incline
shaft that is to have capacity for 100,000 tons
a month is bottomed at 1,000 feet, connected
with the main workings of the mine, ond its
equipment is going in. By the coming sum-
mer it will be in shape to hoist some ore. ‘This
shaft will have a greater annual capacity
than any other ever sunk. Jt will give the
mine an annual capacity for 1,500,000 tons a
year, Pioneer ore is among the very finest
ever discovered, being very high in tron,
exceedingly low in phosphorus and all dele-
terious elements, and the tonnage in sight is
very large. The mine belongs in fee to three
men, one living at Duluth, one at Superior
and one at Milwaukee, and it should return
them in royalties annually a combined in-
come of not fur from $750,000

COLONADO

COLORADO, SPRINGS, March 25 —‘Lhe Em-
pire State mine of the Isobella Mines
Company is sacking ore from which #30 a
pound is expected The streak veries in

widith from one to three inches and traverses
a yein #i\ to eight feet wide which currics
$1,000 to $2,000 4a ton cross vein values It
was found at 300 feet depth
there is a body of ore four to Keven feet wide
which returns $300 to $1,000 a ton, The aver-
age from the entire mine is improving imna-
terially from $28, the record a short time

ago

The lower levels of the famous Gold Coin
mine have been recovered from water For
two years large ore bodies in the 1,100 and
1,200 foot levels have been inaccessible The
Gold Coin vein when encountered on the 1,0%-
foot ievel measured 12 to 15 feet between
walls This vein has been recovered in the
lower levels, also the Montana dyke, and sev-
eral small veina <A strong force has been
put to work, The Gold Coin will doubtless
resume ite former standing as one of the great
miner of Colorado

Assays from the bonanza streak recently
opened in the Ajax on Battle Mountain show
values varying from $10,000,000 to $20,000,000
aton. The streak, varying from two to five
inches in width, was encountered 600 feet froin
the shaft on the 600-foot level

NEVADA.

Reno, March 21.—The rush of work on the
new railroad from Sodaville to Tonopah

“Bock’s Reciprocity”

2 for 25 cents

ASK YOUR DEALER TO SHOW

Reciprocity Bill

a

ASK FOR

seems to have given a great boom not only
to this desert mining camp, but also to Gold-
fleld, which is twenty-five miles to the south
Every stage that comes into Tonopah is
crowded and the new stages that run regu-
larly to Goldfield cannot accommodate all
the prospectors and capitalists who are on
their wuy to the newest of the Nevada camps.
At Goldfield the Combination mine continues
to make regular shipments as do also the
lessees of the January claim. The ore is very
rich, and when there is rail communication fo
Tonopah these Goldfield mines will
regular bonanzas

Goldfield boasts of ita first mining suit,
which is brought in the District Court at
Carson, It seems that the original locators
of the Ohio mine did their discovery work
by. mistake on the January claim, which
adjoins the Ohio. Another party jumped
the Ohio and maintained their claim to it
with Winchesters. The Ohio has developed
a three-foot ledge at a depth of a hundred
feet which assays $80 to the ton. It costs
now $50 a ton to get ore mined and delivered
to the smelter. The Combination mine is
the heaviest shipper and the ore nets $300
aton Goldfield is still a tent town, as lum-
ber is $75 a thousand and teams are too busy
hauling ore and bringing in supplies and
mining machinery to bother with lumber
Board is $1.50 a day and beds in a tent cost
$1 a night. Wages of miners run froin $4
to $5 a day and carpenters get $6 aday. Not
a drop of rain has fallen this winter and the
dust is knee deep on the roads

In the Antelope mines, five miles east of
Faglesvill, in Churchill county, three separate
ledges have been found which have ore run-
ning from $40 to $80 in gold and a trifle in
silver. The ledges vary in width from two
to seven feet. These claims were formerly
known as the Dead Man's mines, as they were
discovered by Tom Mackey, who_ was shot
and killed in the mines by Tom Burns in 4
dispute over the ownership.

CALIFORNIA.

San FrRANcrsco, March 21.—-In the Royal
mine at Hodson, which was recently
the scene of # labor strike, a vein has
been found on the 1,000-foot level which
ranges from 40 to 60 feet in width, and which
assays well across its whole face. The Hod-
son employed a lot of Chinese, but the miners’
union objected to them and drove them out,
The managere hired armed guards and now
the Hodson is running with a full erew of non-
union men and the owners declare that they
will never again recognize the miners’ union.

In the Garibaldi mine in Calaveras county
near San Andreas a rich channel of gravel 7
feet wide has beenstruck which will be drifted
andcross-cut. The mine was worked years
ago and Rroduers a fortune. The Nelson
mine at Calaveritas also shows a_ regular
bank of blue gravel whieh pays well. After
this is cleaned up the eement gravel at the
bottom will be worked. It is very rich.

Sonoma county is excited over the discovery
of rich placer land by 8. E. Bullard at Oce}-
dental. Bullard found much loose gold,
and following this up he founda rich quartz
ledge. In early days pieces of rich float rock
were found in this district, but no one was
ever able to track them to the ledge.

IDAHO,
Borst, Mareh 20.--Capt. J. W. Winters,
superintendent of the New England com-

RADY: two large placer dredges that have
heen running at Idaho City for five or six
years, has returned from San Francisco, where
he ordered two more dredges.

Two men just in from Thunder Mountain
report from fifteen to twenty feet of snow
on the Secesh range. ‘They report twenty
men at work in_the Wordent of ines, of
| which ex-Gov, Hunt is manager. A large
amount of cood ore has been opened up.

At 400 feet depth |

They report development work progressing
in many other mines of. Big Creek district,
which is near Thunder Mountain.

UTAH,

Sart LAKkF, Mareh 21.—The Davis-Geb-
hard group of mines at Bingham, over which
there bas been such spirited rivalry ever
since the destiny of that cainp of copper
was assured, has been finally acquired by
William) Ochs under an option at $100,000
The group embraces 141 neres. '

The Union Cas and Pipe Line Company,
recently launehed by local and Pennsylvania
men, has 7,500 aeres of territory in the eciland
gas fields of Salt |ake Valley.

Two well known Beaver county inining
properties have been merged -the Beaver
Consolidated and the Ben Harrison, both of
whieh are located in the Beaver Lake mining

district. The result of. this transaction is
the organization of the Beaver-fiurrison
Mining Company with a capital stock of

1,500,000 shares of the par value of $1 each.
WASILINGTON

SFATTLE, March 21.--The Bonanza Queen
owners have arranged with the Everett
smelter for the treatment of their ore. They
have $600,000 worth: on the dumps, taken out
during the development of nie property.
The workings cliibrace 3,000 feet, ineluding
one tunnel in 1,200 Peet, They have ex-
pended &150,000 in opening tp the property.

At Marble Mount, on the Skagit River,
a large Geposit of asbestos and tale lias been
discovered and an effort is being made to
find a market for it in the Pacific Coust cities,
but thus far little success has resulted Che
vein is from a0 to 40 feet in width, traceable
through several claims

BRITISH COLUMBIA,

SEATTLE, Wash., March 21.—Popiar Creek,
West Kootenaj, where the large gold deposits
were discovered late last full, continues to
attract the attention of mining men all over
the province and a good deal of property
is changing hans

An extensive discovery of copper was made
on Vancouver [sland last week within easy
hauling distance of the Crofton smelter and
a deal is now pending investigation that is
being made by the smelter company. The
ES

MINING.

STATION & SINKING MINING PUMPS,
Over 40,000 CAMERON puinps tn daily satisfac
tory use all over the world gives tangible proof o
their merit and confirms the claim for their supert-
ority over all others. ‘They are conceded to be tho
most durable, reliable and eflective mining pumps
on the market to-day, and while often Imitated are
never equalled. For proof, inquire of any mining
engineer; for catalogue and prices, write any of our
resident agents or direct to the
A. 8S. CAMERON STEAM PUMP WORKS,
Foot East 23d St., New York City, U S.A

 

|

ee) ee

|

|

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

ee

IMPORTED HAVANA

 

A Direct Result of the Passage of the Cuban

THEM TO YOU

Now for sale in all First-Class Cigar Stores

“Bock’s Reciprocity”

2 for 25 cents

Made by Gustavo Bock, In the Aguila de Oro Factory, Havans

Ferneries and
Flower Pots
STERLING SILVER
@siLrvER PLATE
The great variety in size
and pattern offers a wide
range of price and selection

Ste MERIDEN CO.

International Silver Co., Successor
Silversmiths
218 Fifth Ave., Madison Sa.

 

St

smelter is fortunate in its location, being
in the heart of a rich copper-gold district,
with an abundance of ore, and also sur-
rounded with coking coal and in touch with
all the fluxes necessary for the reduction
of ores. Another great advantage is its
admirable location on salt water, where it can
command the ores from Alaska and from
all pointe in the province situated on Georgian
Straits or Fuca.

WHIPPING GOOD FOR CHILDREN.

Hastings Says Some Mothers Need
Punishment, Too.

Mrs. Harry Hastings, the retiring presi-
dent of the New York City Mothers’ Club,
talked to a large audience at the Woman's
Henry George Teague, 170 West Fifty-
fourth street, yesterday evening on the
lack of control of children.

“The fundamental principles of good
citizenship must be laid down in the home,”
said Mrs. Hastings. “Some time ago
when the discussion of corporal punish-
ment in the public schools started there
was a cry of mothers against it. If you
were nol quite so sparing of the rodin your
own homes there would never have arisen
such a discussion, nor the need of it.”

“Mercy on us,” exclaitned a Henry George
woman, “I don't believe in whipping chil-
dren. I don't even think we have a right
to demand obedience from them.”

“Nevertheless if you are going to have
good men and good women you must con-
trol the child, Many women in New York
believe the child is the centre of the unie
verse. Itis the controlling power in their
homes. The child is only an incident.
For its own happiness and its ultimate
success it must be contrelled, If this can
not bedone with aflection, then use the rod-~
use it often and hard, It is better than
telling a child that God does not love it,
that vou do not, that no one does. It is
better than locking it up in a dark closet
and sending it to bed without its supper.”

“Nonsense,” said another of her hearers.
“I say nonsense. How'd you like to be
whipped?”

“T deplore corperal punishment," said
Mrs. Hastings, “but I say when it is needed
it is the only remeay for a great evil. I
have seen mothers come to the schools
with the complaint, ‘IT can't do a thing
with mv boy. And that boy crly 9.’

“Now what bad transpired in the nine
years of that life to make it possible for a
mother to say this? An utter lack of con-
trl, We need seheols and punishments
for the delinquent mothers more than we
do for the clildrer. If the mothers did
their duty by their children, there need
never be. court ner a Louse of correction
for the little ones.”

 

 

Mrs.

 

ATTACKED THEIR EMPLOYER.

Contractor Thomas Smith Beaten by
Dissatisfied Laborers.

ORANGE, N. J., March 27,—Thomas Smith,
a contractor living in Hamilton street,
Kast Orange, was beaten by a number
of Tialian laborers at) Main and Pater-
son streets late last night. According to
a statement given out by the police, Smith
had engaged the laborers to do some work
for him earlier in the week, agreeing to pay
them at the rate of $1.50 per day. The men
turned up, but it is said they did not do the
work to the satisfaction of Smith, who
thereupon concluded that they were not
worth $1.50 a ony. and he directed his time-
keeper to pay them on the basis of $1.25.
The men took their envelopes and when
they were opened and the amounts
covered they concluded to see their’ em-
loyer and talk it over. They met him
ater in the evening. Smith refused to
y them any more. The Italians there-
ore attacked and beat him. He re
ported their names to the police. He*was
not dangerously hurt.

  
        

See lee eee

Ae OSB OER SEE IE ES CE TR OE ES

Se

en ares

a

a Re Ge
Tee

“aeorsy