The Sli Seen,

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1904.

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second-
Class Mail Matter.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.
DAILY, Per Month....
is ’ DAILY, Per Year

r ; SUNDAY, Per Year

 

N ; DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year......
. va i DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month. 70
; a | a Postage to forelgn countries added.

Tue Sun, New York City.

 

Pari®@—Klosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and

: so Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.
aa ee ae ercaaeeeaes
a If our {riends who favor us with manuscripts for
a publication wish to huve rejected articles returned, they

must in all cases send stamps jor that purpose.

 

 

 

 

The Right of the South,

These remarks are attributed by the
Washington correspondent of the New

 

strong Southern man for the nomination,

fs York Herald to the Hon, ASBURY FRANCIS
cS Bi LEVER, Representative in Congress from
Bei the Seventh district of South Carolina:
Bs ] “ Forty years have passed since the clyil war.
Re i We areinthe Union. We cast the only solid Demo
t | cratic vote, and yet we are denied any considerable
“oe i welght in making the policy of the party. This
f : state of affairs should change, and in 1008 I would
Bs not be surprised to see the South united on some

cratic party, but we are the great conservative
a element in the country, and the country needs that
conservatism in the management of Its affairs.”
' If we are not mistaken, Mr. LEVER is
a : the youngest member of the House. The
ge civil war had been over almost ten years
‘ when he was born. Of his six colleagues
a from South Carolina in the present
Congress only three were living when
Moultrie opened fire on Sumter; and of
these elders one was only three years old
then, and another less than two months,
The patriarch of the South Carolina
: delegation, Mr. Crort of Aiken, was yet
A a aboy when LEE surrendered.
f i How can these Southern Democrats,
representatives of the Democracy of to-
j day, citizens of a State as fully identified
with the interests and sentiments which

SokEe

ihe make our indissoluble Union, and as
at loyal to its flag and its future as any
Ey State in the Northern tier between New
in England and the Pacific, accept as valid
A: an unwritten law excluding them from

the office of President? How can they
be expected to comprehend the reason-
ableness of a principle of political ex-
pédiency which denies to the Southerner |
his equal right to be nominated for Presi-
: dent by his party?

” 4 There is no such law and there is no
longer any such principle of political
expediency. The ghost of the old-tra- ;
dition of the ineligibility of the Southern |
Democrat for nomination would vanish |
upon the appearance of a leader from |
the South, whether in 1908 or in 1904. |

 

The Spoliation of the Parks. |

There is now before the Legislature |
a bill which authorizes the Commis- |
sioners of the Sinking Fund in this city
to permit the occupation of any of the
parks, except Central Park and Pros- |
pect Park, by temporary school build-
ings which are to be allowed to remain }
upon their respective sites “for park ;
purposes” after they shall have ceased ;
to be necessary “for school purposes.” —;
tA) : This is a highly objectionable measure !
+ and ought to be defeated.
The lands constituting the parks in}

this city have been acquired at great |

j expense for a definite and prescribed ;

’ f public use. They should not be devoted ;
i to any other. It is preposterous to as-

sert or assume that buildings fit for

Phe.

niet

a f schools can ever thereafter become :
really proper or appropriate for any of | HENRY D. SEDGWICK in the Atlantic
the purposes which a park is intended ; Monthly, “a British type of body, face
A park is primarily an open | and mind prevailed from Massachusetts
If the edu- }

tosubserve.
space—not a building site.
{ cational department of the municipal
government requires additional school
room, let it be acquired by the exercise
of the power of eminent domain in other
localities—and not by the invasion of the
public parks. There would be just as
much sense in tearing down the new
Hall of Records for park purposes—to
enlarge the City Hall Park—as there
is in encroaching upon the park at Mul-
berry Bend or Corlears Hook for school
purposes.

The breathing spaces provided for the
people in our smaller parks are none too
large, and their area should not be les-
sened by a single square rod by the erec-
tion of buildings which are confessedly
intended to be permanent.

j E Give the public schools all the room
m } they want, but keep them out of the

Ge! a parks! ~~
The Prospect of a Ministerial Crisis
in France.

Recent incidents in the French Cham-
ber of Deputies indicate ak early collapse
of the Combes Cabinet, though there is
some difference of opinion as to whether
the crisis will take place during the com-
ing week, or be postponed until after the
Easter recess. It seems to be settled,
however, that a change of Ministry. will
involve no deviation from the present
foreign policy of France, and no material
modification of the anti-clerical

 

Seance a nL SOE OT IT ST omy

 

   

Nee gramme formulated by M. WALDECK-
& Rovusskav, and subsequently prosecuted
ts by M. CoMBEs with peculiar energy.

The Premier was not seriously weak-
ened by the passage of an amendment
to the proposed law against Congrega-

tions, an amendment providing that
7 novices might continue to be trained
i } for the exercise of educational functions
me” in French colonies and protectorates.
F He did not approve of the arnendment,
deeming it inconsistent with the principle
of the bill; but he recognized that much
could be said for it by those who keep
in view the importance of furthering the
influence of France within her trans-
marine sphere of interest. Under the
circumstances, the Opposition could
4 scarcely expect him to resign, when the

ae

amendment was carried by a small ma-

>. jority. Moreover, the more sagacious
Ce of the Premier's opponents do not wish
: to overthrow him on the religious ques-
- tion, because recent demonstrations

my in the provinces have shown that the
country, as a whole, is decidedly favor-
able to the bill against the teaching
orders,

Tt was, for a time, supposed that a
safer basis for attack would be furnished

 

    

Be “
Rr = eS A BN 3

 

|
We are
not only the conservative element In the Demo-

pro- ;

aL. er) PAUAe YP eT _ ,
R *y eT ate ee x oe

by M. MILLERAND's resolution cone
demning the Ministerial delay in the
matter of providing pensions for super-
annuated workmen. At the last mo-
ment, however, M. MILLERAND was de-
serted by a group of Deputies who are
said to have promised to support him,
and accordingly the resolution was re-
jected. The defection seems to have
been due to a growing conviction that
the Combes Ministry must be turned
out on some patriotic ground, if its suc-
cessor is to have any prospect of dura-
bility. Such a ground, it is expected,
will be offered by the report of the Bud-
get Commission, which, under the lead-
ership of M. DouMER, is engaged in in-
vestigating M, PELLETAN'S administra-
tion of the navy.

The plan of the Opposition, therefore,
is to let M. CoMBES go on and pass his
bill against the Congregations, after
which the report of the Budget Com-
mission will be immediately laid before
the Chamber. With this end in view, the
obstructive tactics which, hitherto, have
checked the progress of the measure, are

! now likely to be abandoned.

That the report of the Budget Commis-
sion on M. PELLETAN’S management of
the navy will be adverse, that the report
will be adopted by the Chamber and
that the Combes Cabinet will, conse-
quently, be forced to resign, seems to be
taken for granted, There is also a con-
sensus as to the principal names that
will figure in the new Ministry. Nobody
now doubts that M., DELCASsSE, whose
request for an appropriation to defray
the cost of President LOUBET'S visit to
Rome was granted by the enormous
majority of 500 to 12, will remain at the
head of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs.
Among his colleagues will almost cer-
tainly be M. RovviEr, M. DouMER and M.
MILLERAND. If M. ROUVIER retains the
post of Minister of Finance, it is pre-
sumable that no attempt will be made to
introduce an income tax. The opposite
inference would be drawn from the ap-
pointment of M. DouMER to that office,
for he it was, it may be remembered,
who, as Finance Minister in the Boure
geois Cabinet, insisted upon the enact-
ment of an income tax, and, by provok-
ing a collision between the Senate and
the Chamber, practically caused the
ejectment of that Ministry.

M. DoumMERr is understood to be now
as firm a believer in an income tax as he
ever was; but should he accept the War
Office, which rumor now assigns to him,
he would evidently have agreed to sub-
ordinate temporarily his personal views
to M. Rovvirer's. M. MILLERAND, who,
it will be recalled, was a member of the
Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry, has since
made it pretty clear that M. COMBES was
mistaken in assuming that he could be
dispensed with. How the other places
will be filled will depend, of course, on
the solution of the perplexing problem as
to how a few portfolios can be made to

| satisfy the conflicting claims of at least

forty Deputies, each of whom deems
himself of Cabinet rank.

The Cabinet which is expected to suc-
ceed that headed by M. COMBES may be
relatively stable, if it can rely on the

| Uawevering support of the Socialist

faction of which M. JauRks is the chief |
spokesman. But for the assistance |
loyally rendered by M. JAuRks, the

present Premier would long since have

been driven from office. Should the

Socialists decide to oppose the new

Ministry, the latter would have to seek

aid among the Moderates, and experience

has shown that the latter will not

long uphold 4 Radical Cabinet.

 

‘(Typical’’ Faces,
“& hundred years ago,” writes Mr.

He cites portraits by
| STUART and TRUMBULL as witnesses to
| the prevalence of the British physical
| type in those days. A study of modern
| American portreits leads him into theo-
| ries as to “the new, American type.”
This curious considering would be more
| valuable if a British type or an American
!

{to Virginia.”

type were anything more than a figment
of the imagination. A British type
! would be a sort of composite photograph
| of the supposed physical characteristics
of the various races of the three king-
doms and Wales. The Duke of DEvon-
| SHIRE and a Whitechapel costermonger
! or ’ARRY on a bank 'oliday, a Yorkshire-
; man and a cockney, a navvy and an
agricultural laborer, a Pall Mall ex-
| quisite and a Highland gillie, a Wapping
{athe and the Countess of WARWICK,
have no visible common factor.
| # Conventional caricatures like Brother
| JONATHAN and JOHN BULL are merely
| coarse generalizations. JOHN BULL,
bluff and beefy, is seldom found in the
shape of TOMMY ATKINS, who is apt to
be underfed and stunted. The chin
beard, once a sort of Yankee badge, may
be found on the chins of Osiris and
other Egyptian gods. It dangles from
Assyrian sculptures. Faces long, angu-
; lar, wearing this ornament, are not un-
| known in England. In this generation
‘men are returning to unwhiskered eight-
, eenth century fashion and posterity will
be able to see some of them, portrayed as
they are, unsmothered and unadorned
with capillary accidents. So divested,
will a gallery of American faces differ
essentially from a gallery of smooth-
shaven Irish, English or German faces?
Can Mr. SEDGWICK determine the na-
tionality of an actor, unknown to him, by
looking at the photograph of that actor?
Take the tall, smooth cheeked, beauti-
ful London JOHNNY. Dress exactly like
him an American athlete from the col-
leges or Wall Street, and tell them apart,
if you can, if the JOHNNY keeps his mouth
shut.

We hold that preconception and fancy
have much or most to do with theories
of “type,” at least in related branches
or races. How quickly character is read
into a portrait may be seen by Mr. SEDa-
WICK’S remarks about ZORN’'Ss present-
ment of the Hon, DANIEL LAMONT:

“This portrait represents # shrewd, prompt,
quick, keen, compact man, well, almost brilliantly,
equipped for dealing with the Immediate present;
he has the morale of the tennis player, concentra-
tion, utter absorption, in volley and take. Of
faculties needful to deal with the remote—imagina-
tion, logic, Intellect, falth—there is no trace. Craft,

the power that deals with a few facts close at hand,
is deploted In abundance; so are promptitude and

vigor; reason, the power that deals with many

 

   

PTA eT DAIr ue: dan F ‘
on aime ' ENED PEELS RR Lia ARLE RST! PO TAR TER ET ETI Meh: LB

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  

facts, remote, recaleitrant, which require the mind
to hold many plotured combinations at once or in
quick succession, is not there, Tho portrait indi-
cates the usual American amimbility, domestic
kindliness and aversion to cruclesights and cruel
sounds.”

And so on, Except for the evidence
which Mr, SEpGwick discerns in Mr.
LAMonT’s face of that prosperous citi-
zen’s fitness to be president of the So-
ciety for the’ Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, this is merely a translation by
the observer of what he supposes to be
Mr. LaMont’s characteristics. Yet he
calls this a “typical portrait,” typical
American or American man of business.
Take another business man, the Hon.
JAMES J. Hiuy. He has as good right to
be “typical” as Mr, LaMont. Yet he
might be a clergyman, an apostle, a dis-
tinguished spiritualist, a professor of
psychology, just as JOB CANNON might
be a railroad president or college presi-
dent, a Methodist minister, a boot and
shoe manufacturer in Brockton, Mass.
“Typical” is a oonvenient word, but
loose, liberal and uncertain.

The late Lord HovcHton (“Dicky”
MILNEs) told how an Englishman, seeing
TENNYSON for the first time and not
knowing who he was, took him for an
American. Prof. Starr of the Uni-
versity of Chicago is sure that Ameri-
cans are reverting to the Indian type.
Evidently the margin for errors of the
“types” is large.

 

A Dash in the Record.

The following brief extract is from the
Congreasional Record for Friday, pub-
lished on Saturday. The Post Office
Appropriation bill was under considera-
tion by the House of Representatives in
committee of the whole:

“Mr. BAKER—Mr. Chairman, I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the pending paragraph, which
bas just been adopted.

“ The Chairman--The gentleman from New York
offers an amendment, which will be read:

“ The Clerk read as follows:

"Insert, after the amendment just adopted,
the following: ‘To reimburse the great railroads
for the cost of supplying the President of the United
States with special trains, cars, and the food, wines
and clgars——'

“Mr. MANN—Mr. Chairman, I make the polnt of
order. I think that what has been thus far read
shows that It ts mot in order.

“The Chailrman—The Chair sustains the point
of order.”

And then under the Chair's instruc-
tions the Clerk hastened to read the
next section of the bill.

Mr. BAKER is a somewhat erratic gen-

; tleman who sometimes says foolish

things. He is, however, a duly elected
member of the House, and as such he has
definite rights. One of his rights is to
offer amendments to pending measures
and to have them heard by the House,
His amendment of Friday was not heard.
Whether it was a wise or foolish amend-
ment, nobody can say. The wisdom or
folly of it is represented in the record of
proceedings by a dash summarily and
arbitrarily interposed just as soon as
Mr. BAKER mentioned the food, wines
and cigars supplied to the President
of the United States by the transporta-
tion companies which have had the
honor of hauling Mr. RoosgvELT in his
interstate travels.

Another of Mr. BAKER’s righte as a
member of the House was to have the
Chair's decision on the question whether
his amendment was in order [or not.
No such decision was rendered. The
Clerk was prevented by the Chair from
giving him the information necessary
to a decision. All after the wines and
cigars may have been germane. Yet
the amendment, alone of all the amend-
ments offered that day, whether in order
or out of order, was not permitted to
speak for itself.

Special Presidential trains, cars, food,
wines, cigars and a dash — a dash and
nothing more in the official record of one
of the independent and coordinate de-
partments of the Federal Government!

 

 

The Policeman and the Magistrate,

Policeman WiLLiam T. SULLIVAN of
the Adams street station in Brooklyn
arraigned two prisoners before City
Magistrate Henry J. FURLONG in court
on Friday morning. One was & woman
charged with intoxication, the police-
man being the complaining witness
against her, and the other a man ar-
rested on the woman's complaint by
the same policeman. In court the woman
refused to press her complaint against
the man. The Magistrate, upon hearing
her refusal, directed the policeman to
swear out acomplaint charging the man
with disorderly conduct.

An order from the bench is not to be
disobeyed lightly, particularly by one
who is in effect an officer of the court.
Policeman SULLIVAN had no knowledge
on which to base a complaint against the
man, but for a few moments he hesitated,
At length, however, he explained to the
Magistrate that the man had committed
no illegal act in his presence, and that
his conscience would not permit him to
swear to a complaint. If the Magis-
trate’s words are given correctly in the
published reports of this incident, he
said:

“Make a charge of disorderly conduct against
the man, Me had no business to be out brawiing
at 4 o'clock In the morming.”

The policeman’s unwillingness to
make complaint indicates that the pris-
oner had not been “brawling” at 4 o’clock
in the morning, or at any other time, in
the officer’s presence. SULLIVAN started
again to obey the Magistrate. Then his
sense of duty again asserted itself, and
he said:

“ Your Honor, this Man was not disorderly and
I will not swear that he was. That 1s all there ts
about it.”

The Magistrate is said to have been
astonished at the refusal of the police-
man to make a false oath. Too many
policemen regard the swearing out of
warrants as a mere part of the routine
of their business, and, familiar with this
class, the Magistrate may have forgot-
ten that there are many honest, con-
scientious men in the Department, If
he had allowed this to slip his mind,
Policeman WILLIAM T. SULLIVAN taught
him a useful lesson.

 

Our Opportunity in the Argentine.

About six months ago the expansive
Hon, JOHN BARRETT left for the Argen-
tine to become the United States Minister
to that country. He took with him a

strong desire and 4 firm purpose to do

his utmost to weld into one harmonious
whole the economic interests of that
country and his own, The full attain-
ment of that ambition is now frustrated
by his transfer to another field.

But, as Mr, BARRETT closes his brief
work in the Argentine, he sends us
a message which it is well worth our
while to consider. That country, he
says in his reports to the State Depart-
ment, shows every sign of prosperity.
Money is abundant, wages high, and
labor scarce. Banks are overburdened
with deposits, and an American bank
is greatly needed, We understand, how-
ever, that the establishment of such an
institution is even now under careful
consideration.

Mr, BARRETT emphasizes four meas-
ures of importance in our trade relations
with the Argentine, They are the Amer-
ican bank, a semi-monthly steamship
service to the River Plate, the establish-
ment of American trade agencies, and a
reciprocity treaty. He declares that a
reciprocity treaty would treble our trade
with that country in a few years.

Not without the other things, Mr.
BARRETT, not without the other things!
A treaty might be a valuable adjunct,
but with bank facilities, shipping facili-
ties, and a goodly measure of American
trade energy, we might even dispense
with the treaty.

That a splendid opportunity for the
extension of the market for American
products existain the Argentine Republic
is beyond question. That another ten
years will see the Argentine far ahead
of its present position is equally certain.
It is a growing country, full of abundant
opportunities. Mr. BARRETT says:

“There is no other country in the world, that has
before it, comparatively considered, greater un-
developed opportunities of agriculture, commerce
and population, together with so much present
material progress.”

It rests with us to take advantage
of the present opportunity, and to es-
tablish conditions which will give us a
controlling grasp of that which lies in the
commercial future of the Argentine.

 

The Primaries To-morrow.

On Tuesday, between the hours of 2
and 9 P. M., the enrolled voters of New
York, Republican and Democratic, in the
five boroughs of the city, will have the
opportunity, under State direction and
protection, of choosing the delegates
who will, in turn, choose the candidates
for the Presidency.

At the Democratic primaries delegates
will be elected to Assembly district con-
ventions to choose delegates and alter-
nates to the State convention to be held
in Albany on April 18. At this conven-
tion four delegates-at-large to St. Louis
will be elected, and they and their asso-
ciates, the district delegates, will (if past
Democratic usage be followed) be in-
structed to vote as a unit. They may,
in addition, be instructed to vote for or
to favor a particular candidate for the
Presidential nomination.

At the Republican primaries delegates
will be elected to the Republican State
convention to be held in this city on
April 12. Delegates will also be chosen
to the Congress district conventions to
name the delegates to the Republican
national convention in Chicago.

The basis of representation in the two
parties is the same; the method of elec-
tion differs. The Republicans elect dis-
trict delegates in the Congress district
con ventions, except in the case of dele-
gates-at-large. The Democrats elect all
delegates in the State convention.

 

Dr. GRANVILLE STANLEY HALL, the
psychologist, of Clark University, Worces-
ter, Mass., is floating tenderly over the
“Rhythmic System of the Universe.” He
finds that all that is is rhythm, Annual
growth is a poem in three or four month-
rhythms or month-strophes. “At the end
of the month we dream more vividly,” pre-
sumably of bills. “All muscular effort is
rhythm.” Though Dr. Hau doesn't bring
out the point, it would be easy to reduce all
the poets to their muscular equivalents.
Thus: ALFRED AUSTIN corresponds to
sawing wood; KIPLING to football; WALT
WHITMAN to a “rough house”; WILLIAM
Watson to Wellesley basketball; Swin-
BURNE to bull-in-the-ring; BRowNING to
blind man’s buff.

“Dancing has great curative powers.”
As everybody knows, the tarantella came
to heal the wounds of the tarantula, St.
Vitus's dance must be cured by dancing.
“If a person is tired, he should dance a
minuet.” Occasionally we read of the death
of dancers by exhaustion or heart disease.
They didn't dance long enough. “Men at
fifty, sixty, seventy and eighty ought to
dance when there is dance music.” The
Hon, Lovis WINDMULLER, an ingenious
philosopher of this town, furnishes his own
music, we believe; whistles gayly and
capers a little when he takes his constitu-
tional. ancing, as a form of rhythm, is
not only healthy, but the key to paradise.
“Man gete nearer his lost paradise when he
is dancing than at any other time.” Clearly,
dancing is the chief duty of man.

RAE RE RT NENT ERROR OEE

L'Enfant's Plan of Washington.

TO THE EDITOR OF THR SUN—Sir; A protest,
circulated by the American Institute of Architects
against the encroachment of projected buildings
of the Department of Agriculture on the Mall,
on the plea that {t ts interfering with L’Enfant’s
plan of the capital, is surprising.

Is the Institute quite sure that the plat accom-
panying the protest ts a part of the plan of L’Enfant
and George Washington? OBSERV PR,

WASHINGTON, March 27.

 

 

 

Thumbless Supporter of the Clean Money Bill,
From the Washington Post.

Representative Gatnes of Tennessee has in Bos-
ton an enthusiastic supporter of his clean money
bill. Yesterday he received a letter from a Boston
lawyer who, through the handling of unclean
money, lost a thumb and came fear to losing his
life.

The lawyer had taken a@ roll of bills to a bank for
deposit and wetted his thumb and forefinger as he
counted the money. Two or three days later the
thumb and forefinger became sore and blood polson-
ing set in, The thumb had to be amputated, and
{t was with much difficulty that the lawyer's life
was saved.

 

An Unexpected Miustration.
The Trout--Dear me! I've heard of the worm
turning, but I never thought It would be ilke this!

 

 

 

“Say When}"'

From the New Orleans Times-Democral.
She was the Colonel's daughter,
A malden fair and free,
But not averse to water,
As many Colonels be.

With all my art 1 Wored her,
1 prayed her to be mine,

I pleaded and pursued her,
And still would she decline,

Until, one night, occasion
Anais arse, and then

I sald, “Without evasion,
My dearest giri, ‘say when!'*

A Colonel's Gaughter—credit
Be unto him for aye—

Before ahe thought she said t
And named the happy day!

italic
RARER F

 

|

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  

 

QUEEN VICTORIA AND RUSSIA.

To THe Eprtor or Tur Sun—Sir: The
president of the Massachusetts Historical
Society is conducting an inquiry to ascer-
tain why the British Palmerston Ministry
which was in power from 1859 to 1865 did,
in October and November, 1862, and at the
most critical moment in the American civil
war, when the price of cotton in Liverpool
had risen by the blockade of the Southern
ports from seven pence a pound In 1858
to twenty-four and a half pence, suddenly
abandon its previous wish and purpose, in
cooperation with France, to recognize the
independence of the South and break the
blockade,

The paper read by Mr. Adams before the
society at its January meeting on “Queen
Victoria and Our Civil War” discloses that
his father, then our Minister at London,
wrote of the suspense in October of 1842
as “becoming more and more painful”;
that he had never “felt so profoundly anx-
fous”; that the anxiety over what the Minis-
try might do “seems almost to threaten
my life.”

It was on the 13th of that month that
Gladstone made his notorious Newcastle
speech, saying that Jefferson Davis had
“made a nation.” He thereby let the cat
out of the Ministerial bag.

Late in September, Palmerston, the
Premier, wrote to Russell, the Foreign
Minister:

As to the time of making the offer [of mediation),
if France and Russia agree—and France we know
is quite ready and only waiting for our concur-
rence--events may be taking place which might
render It desirable that the offer should be made
before the middle of October.

In that month was the indecisive battle
of Antietam. A Cabinet meeting was held,
but Gladstone wrote, in effect, to his wife,
that Palmerston and Russell would not
“takethefence.” Why wasit? Mr. Adams
declared that his father could never pene-
trate the mystery, and never believed that
the Queen forbade, or influenced, the Min-
istry in refusing to follow France and
executing a volte-face.

Mr. Adams, however, discloses in his pa-
per that he is, nevertheless, inclined to
think it possible that the Queen, when at
Gotha, did, toward the end of September,
make intimations to Lord Granville, the
President of the Privy Council, then in at-
tendance on her, which he imparted to the
Ministry and which produced the change.
This inclination is, however, based on mere
conjecture.

In that condition of ignorance and doubt
whether or not the British sovereign either
said or did anything to deter her Ministry,
what significance do you give to the start-
ling disclosures made in the last Indepen-
dent by Mr. Wharton Barker regarding the
conduct at that critical moment of the
Russian sovereign?

Mr. Barker affirms that in 1870, the Em-
peror Alexander IT. said to him these things:

“In the autumn of 1862 the Governments of France
and Great Britain proposed to Russia, in a formal,
but not In an oficial way, the joint recognition by
Furopean Powers of the independence of the Con-
federate States of America. My Immediate answer
was: ‘I will not cooperate in such action; and I
will not acquiesce. On the contrary, I shall accept
the recognition of the independence of the Con-
federate States by France and Great Britain as a
casus belli for Russia. And, in order that the
Governments of France and Great Britain may
understand that this ts no idle threat, I will send a
Pacific fleet to San Franctsco and an Atlantic flect
to New York.’ Sealed orders to both Admirals
Were given.”

After a pause, he proceeded:

“My fleets arrived at the American ports; there
Was no recognition of the independence of the
Confederate States by Great Britain and France.
The American rebellion was put down, and the
great American Republlo continues.

“All this I did because of love for my own dear
Russia, rather than for love of the American Re
public. I acted thus because lunderstood that
Russia would have a more serious task to perform
if the American Republic, with advanced industrial

development, were broken up and Great Britain
should be left in control of most branches of modern

 

industrial development.”

If Mr. Barker is not, as was Mr. Hewitt,
the victim of a myth, the mystery that per-
plexes Mr. Adams is solved.

MrtA BUSTER.

New York, March 26.

To THE Epitor oF THE SuN—Sir: Your
editorial article of yesterday asking “Was
Queen Victoria Our Friend?” during the days

 

of our terrible civil war, awakens interest

in a subject of great importance.

I know nothing of official authority in an-
awer to this question, but this much Ido know,
that at the time referred to the people of the
Northern States understood and believed
that she was our friend, and that it was she
ulone who prevented the recognition of the
Southern Confederacy; and that belief was so
universal that it is quite sufficient proof of
the fact that it was true.

The leading public men of England, Glad-
stone included, believed that the Confederacy
would surely be established, and they exulted
over the fact that the glory of the great re-
public was gone, and that we were to become
a divided nation,

John Bright stood almost alone of all her
public men, firm in the faith that the Union
would not be dismembered and destroyed.

This antagonistic feeling toward us bore
terrible fruit, for it resulted in driving the
Amerioan flag from off the sea, and it has
stayed off ever since.

There is no doubt that to-day England is
our friend, neither is there any doubt that
during our late Yanko-Spanko war she stood
as a bulwark in our favor against all the rest
of Europe; but it will never be forgotten that
during the most critical period in our national
history it was England's Queen, not her
public men, who was friendly to our country
and our people.

All honor to the memory of Queen Vic-
torial! JOHN F. BAXTER.

New York, Mirch 26.

 

Dictator and the Stenographer.

To THe EpIToR oP THE SUN—Sir: Belng a
stenographer of several years' experience, I was
naturally much Interested in ‘Dictator's” letter In
this morning's Sun. “Dictator” is evidently one
of those men who think that by paying $10 or $12
aweek they can get 4 stenographer who can take
dictation on any subject at any speed and transcribe
{t correctly. The fault is not with the “young
lady who presides over the typewriter,” as she Is
probably doing the best she can; and “Dictator”
is getting his money's Worth. Business colleges
are turning out boys and girls calling themselves
stenographers, who not only do not understand
shorthand thoroughly, but they cannot use the
English language correctly. 1 believe “Dictator's”
young lady would look better behind a department
store counter than In front of a typewriter. If
“Dictator” wants a competent stenographer he will
have to pay the price, just as ho will have to pay for
anythingelse. Youcan't get as good astcnograpler
for $10 per as you can for $20, any more than you
can get as good a ault of clothes for $10 as you can
for $20.

Bulls of stenographers are constantly being held
up to ridicule, but from my experience Lcan say
that the efforts of some would-be dictators are far
more laughable. STENO,

New YORE, March 25,

To THE EDITOR oF THE SUN- Sir; 1 Was much
amused by the letter from “Dictator” in yester-
day's Sux, We poor, long-suffering stcnographers
have so much lald at our door that tho writer has
often wondered whether “Dictator” realizes that
once In a while he is to blame. Oftentimes the
dictator's enunciation is so low and tndistinct that
the mistress of the “magic art” would not be able
to tell Whether she was taking down a couplet from
Shakespeare or @ ragtime ditty. Unfortunately
for us, We are not mind readers, and this fact seems
to be overlooked by the average dictator, to whom
what he Is going to-s@y 4s #0 clear in bis own mind
that he fAlls-to realize the necessity of making
it equally clear to his stenographer. And then,
too, mafiy 4h éfhiployer ¢xpects practically all the
learning of the agés for 88 per. Generally speak-
ing, @ Man gets what he pays for, and unless he Is
Willing to give his stenographer a good salary he
should not expect her to be up on Shakespeare,
&c. The sooner “Dictator” gives credit for the
exoellences and at the same time realizes the limita-
tions of the maker of the “pot hooks,” the happier
be will be. STENOGRAPRER,

NEw Yor«, March 26,

 

PUZZLED BY WAR “NEWS.”
Impatience Expressed at Some of the
Yellow Yarns That Are Printed.

To THE Epiror or Tae BuN-Sir; The
regularity with which the Russian ships at
Port Arthur are being blown up or sunk, and
then afterward heard of as floating serenely
on the troubled waters of the locality like
ducks after a dive or a skyward flight, and
sending shots into the Japanese fleet, has an
uncanny look, There is something super-
natural about it—which perhaps explains why
the Japanese ships keep at such a respectful
distance, or get behind the shelter of the
Liao-ti-shan promontory to deliver their
fire. Even then they do not always escape
unscathed, for have we not been told that
one of their battleships was hit during a
recent bombardment by a shell from a gun
on board the ghost of the once staunch Ameri-
ean-built Retvizan? Or is ali we read from
day to day only a continuous performance
dreain with little variety in the programme
and imagination in the conceptions?

Of course, we all know that war provides
surprises and occasionally great sensations,
but there is a limit to the probabilities and
Porsibilities behind them. Besides, foujoura
perdrix is monotonous, and as one of the
general public that is becoming bored with
the lack of variety in our daily war menu,
I venture to protest against the sameness of
the bulletin announcements, in the hope that
it may have the effect of bringing on a new
bill of fare. I would also appeal to those
worthy and no doubt well-intentioned gen-
tlemen who send news from Tokio, Japan,
or Chefoo, N. Y., and from the canard
hatchery at Shanghai in China, not to over-
tax our credulity or slight our intelligence.
The one breeds scepticism and the other
something else,

A Canadian lady who, with her husband,
happened to be in Port Arthur on the event-
ful night of the opening of hostilities, in a letter
to her family, gives a very natural and inter-
esting description of what took place, and of
the circumstances attending their leavin
there. At Wei-hai-wei, where they touche
on the journey to Shanghai, she says the ship
was besieged by reporters and that the stories
told them by some of the passengers and
the captain himself would make one’s hair
stand on end—each one tried to tell the big-
fest yarn. That was all right enough, per-

aps, and inevitableat the start, when every
one was excited by the dramatic openin
of the war; but why should it be kept up an
a stream of yArne be poured out on a long-
suffering public?

Il remember once reading in a magazine
article written, [ believe, by the present
Governor General of Canada, of a corre-
apondent in the last Afghan war, who sub-
mitted to the press censor with the British
army a letter intended for transmission to
his paper, in which a picturesque description
of Afghan scenery was given, with crocodiles
in the rivera and palm trees along their banks.
The censor sent for the writer and pointed
out to him the absurdity of putting crocodiles
into the icy waters of the rivers and palm
trees where none could flourish, but the cor-
respondent insisted that the British publio
would be satisfied with nothing less; and s0,
as there were no military secrets to be ex-
tracted from the saurians and palm trees,
the letter went forward.

Now that wasallright for the British publio,
but I submit that the American people want
something different. What the London Daily
Bloater, the Paris Petit Vaurien, or the Berlin
Lokal Schwaetzer retail for their benighted
readers may be good enough for them; the
American public is not satisfied with their
scraps. It wants something more like proba-
bility when doubtful, more direct and plain
when true, and inore artistic and entertain-
ing when only the work of the imagination.
We are fairly tired of the biggest and most
vociferous yarns. Then, I ask the news-

atherers on the spot or at home to give the

ussians a chance, They are not all white
devils any more than the Japanese are all
brown angels. There may be differences

 

 

among us as to which is the right side and |

which the wrong in this war, but let us all at

 

least be fair. ONE OF THE CROWD.
New York, March 27.
The Destination of Justice Harlan's
Opinion,
To THR EpIton or THE SuN-Sir: The

position taken by the prevailing opinion of
the Supreme Court in the Northern Securities
case, reduced to its simplest form, seems to
be this; That the presumption being that
men intend the natural consequences of their
acts and the formation of the Northern Secu-
rities Company creating a corporation which
might have acted illegally, therefore the
corporation is illegal.

But the presumption of law aforesaid has
no application where either an individual or
a corporation at their volition may or may
not act illegally.

In such a case and in the entire absence
of proof that the law has been or is intended
to be violated, the legal presumption prevails
that men will obey the law and not disobey
it, and this legal presumption especially ob-
tains where disobedience of law is made
a highly penal statutory offence.

Never in the history of Anglo-Saxon juris-
prudence has a decision been rendered go
opposed to fundamental and almost element-
ary legal principles,

One hazards nothing in predicting that
the opinion of Mr. Justice Harlan will be-
come a mere legal curiosity and find its way
eventually into the same dustbin of legal
rubbish where the opinion of Mr. Justice
Taney in the Dred Scott case now peacefully
reposes. A. A. LL,

NEw York, March 26.

 

“Pull Your Own Weight."'

To THE Epitor or THE SuN—Sir: What
are the facts concerning the enjoyment by
Mr. Theodore Roosevelt of the free gift by
railroad companies of the use of their trans-
portation facilities, together with eatables
and drinkables, since he became President?

It will be recalled that last year when Mr.
Roosevelt was campaigning he was advising
every man to “pull his own weight,” and con-
demning, with frequent repetition, the “weak-
ling” who did not “pull his own weight.”

Is it possible that while uttering these sage
observations Mr. Roosevelt was having his
own weight pulled by the railroads, free
gratis and for nothing? E. 8. D.

New York, March 27.

 

ences

Train Sickness
From the Lancet.

Road-legs have to be acquired as much as sea-
legs, and In the various forms of locomotion, from
the jolting omnibus to the quick-stopping tube
and alr-braked trains, frequent opportunities arise
for estimating the varying amounts of agility,
clutching of stay straps, and compensating bodlly
movements made by the cognoscenti in the particu-
Jar class of vehicle of which they are for the time
endeavoring to form an integral part. That all
forms of travelling are tiring Is evident from the
common tendency to sleep in railway carriages.

The vagaries of the travelling public are curlous;
some cannot ride except facing the engine or the
horses, others cannot travel at all by railway, some
have faint feellngs when going at a high speed,
others are made actually sick, and we have known
the utmost confusion caused to some unfortunates
by the seats opposite the direction in which the
train tis moving being occupied, though, curlously
enough, the same feeling Is not set up when the
Passenger can have @ scat placed parallel with the
direction of progress, ‘There js reason to believe
that the action upon the eye muscles of the rapidly
changing parallax and the quick passage of objects
that are met and left have much to do with the pro-
duction of tired feellags and of headaches caused
by long journeys, and great relief ts often experl-
enced by simply closing the eyes or by refraining
from looking out of the windows, and If reading 1s
to be indulged In, the daylight should be chosen
and a large and clear type of print selected.

niescaneennhaandarerce aaa

Distinction Between the Two Washingtons,
From the Washington Post.

Senator Foster has a constituent, Mr. Samuel
Hill of Seattle, who tells an anecdote of how some
people In this country distinguish between Wash -
ington that 1s a State of the Union and Washington
that Is the Federal capital,

“When I was speaking at one time to an associa -
tlon of farmers In the State of Washington,” said
Mr, Hill, “an ald man came forward and said;

“Young man, where do you live?’

"LT live In Washington, sir,’ was my reply,

“"Which Washington,” he asked, ‘tax-eatin’
Washington or tax-payin' Washington?”

Serious-Minded Dundee.
From the London Daily Telegraph.
Dundee Free Library contains the smallest pro-
portion of novel readers in the United Kingdom,
only 82 per cent. of the volumes borrowed being
fiction.

 

Eggs Sent by Mail te England.
From the Hartford Courant.

WINSTRD, March 24.—A package containing
eight eggs was mailed at the local office yesterday
addressed to # man in England. The postage on
the package amounted to $3.50,

ce —

ree rt sin *
RATHBONE SEEKS VINDICATION

Renews His Request for an Investigaiton
of Hts Acts tm Cuba,

WasHinoton, March 27.—Estes G. Rath-
bone, Director of Cuban Posts under the
military governmeat, whose conviction by
the Cuban courte, he contends, was illegal,
through the use of ex parte testimony,
has written Chairman Platt of the Senate
Committee on Relations with Cuba, renew-
ing his request for an investigation into
the methods used in his trial and all his
acts in Cuba. He submits yto Chairman
Platt the evidence which was brought out
in the investigation by the Senate Military
Affairs Committee into the charges against
Gen, Leonard Wood, and also the brief
on the subject prepared by the late Senator
Hanna, These documents, he says, furnizy
indisputable reasons for the investigation,
which he asks in the name of right and
justice.

Mr. Rathbone asserts that the ex-parte
testimony upon which he was convicted
was sent to Cuba by the Department of
Justice, upon the assurance by Gen. Wood
and the War Department that it would be
used only in the hearing before the Court
of First Instance (corresponding to the
American Grand Jury) and not in the final
trial. Its use in the final trial, he maiz-
tains, was in violation of all known rules
of judicial procedure, in violation of the
laws of Cuba, with the exception of an
order promulgated by the Military Gov-
ernor after the beginning of the postal
investigations, and of the act of Congress
of June 6, 1900. Therefore, as an Ameri-
ean citizen he again insists upon his right
to be heard.

THE DUST FROM THE DUSTRAG,

As Compared With the Clouds Set Free
in Collecting Ashes.

To THR EDITOR oF THE SUN Sir’ As I under
Stand It, it's against the law to shake a dustrag, or
& rug, or anything containing dust, out of a window,
and | would be llable to arrest for {t, But the
shaking of any of these things out of the window
doesn't begin to make the dist that Is nade every
day In the streets of the city, and all day Jong, by
every one of a thousand men In the clty’s employ,
and all without any fear whatever of arrest. I
refer to the city’s ashmen. Why, if I were a
giant 74 feet high, and | had « dustrag as big
as the mainsail of an old-time 74-gun battleship,
and | should dust around the Inside of a bullding
as big as the Colosseum with It, and then shake
it from a window; or if I should shake froma
window a rug 74 feet square, | couldn't begin
to make 4s much dust with either as ls made by the
asbhman when he tips an ashcan over and empties
its contents Into his asheart.

Did you ever see an asoman collecting ashes’
Fvery one of him has my sincere respect and ad
miration, for the strength and skill with which he
does his work; but, my, the dust he makes! He
rolls an ashcan as big as a barrel and full of asics
out to the edge of the Walk and Ilfts It to the top of

 

the wheel ({ couldn't lift a milk canful) and theny

he ends it over and rolls jt on the top edge of tne
cart body, and so rolls the ashes out into the eart
Or that part of them that doesn't blow away down
the street.

If tis a breezy day a perfect cloud of dust blows
away from every canful of ashes thus emptied:
and so the ashman goes along the block, setting
free a fresh cloud at every house. ‘
your dustrags!. ‘The ashman 1s the boy that can
set the dust a-flying.

Now, Please don't think that I am pooh-poohing
the ordinances, or whatever they are, about shaking
dustrags and rugs out of the window; If think they
are all right, and that these things ought not to
be shaken out of the window; though, honest, I
don't know where they can be shaken if they are
not shaken so. Hut if we have such rules about
the dustrags, I think we ought to do something
about the ashcarts.
ing fault with Major Woodbury; | think he's a bird,
the real as and he seems to have been able,
somehow, to instil Into every street cleaner some-
thing of his own pride In street cleaning. But we
certainly do still collect our ashes in @ very primi-
tive inanner, don't we? Some day, though, I sup-
pose, somebody will evolve a method of collecting
ashes without setting free clouds of them tn the
air; and on that blessed day, when the city ceases
to set & bad example, [ shall go tn for enforcing
the eity ordinances forbidding shaking your dust-
rag out of the window. HOUSEHOLDER.

NEW YORK, March 26.

 

 

The Moslem Oath.

To THR EpiITtoR Ov THE Sun-Sir; Im the
Court of General Sessions, in which Judge
Foster presided, Mr. C. E. Barbier requested
the Judge to put a Syrian on Moslem oath,
as the Christian oath would not be binding.
Acting on the advice of the court interpreter,
the following oath was administered: “Do
you swear by the beard of your Prophet, by
the holy Koran, and women and their virtue,
and the faith of your people; and will you teil
the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth?

As an authority on the subject I assure
you that this oath was simply a huge joke,
and 1 sm surprised to find it stated that the
Moslem oath does not appear to have been
ever administered in the Court of General
Sessions or in any court in the city of New
York. It may therefore be of interest to the
legal profession if I state what constitutes
a Moha nmedan oath.

In the first place, it is not necessary to take
the outh on the Koran. ‘This custom, com-
mon among Jews and Christians, does not
prevall among Moliammedans to the same
extent.

The highest form of oath is to exclaim three
times: “I swear by the Great God! Allah
Akbur!”

Another form is to take the Koran and say:
“IT swear by what this book contains of the
word of God.”

A third form of oath is to say: “TIT impose
upon myself diyorcement from my wife or
wives,” in which case, if perjury is proved,
the wives are divorced ipao facto.

According to the highest authority, the
Hidayah, of which a translation can be found
in the Astor Library, the “yvameen” or oath
is constituted by the use of the name of God
or by any of those appellations by which God
is generally known or understood,

he legists explain that if a man ewears br
the knowledge of God, or by the wrath of
God, or by the mercy of God, this does not
constitute an oath. ut if he swears “bv
The Truth,” or “the Mercy,” or “the Knowil-
edge,” then it is an oath, because these terms
stand for the Almighty, as, for Bsprnale, in
Arabic, Ar Rahman, “Merciful One.” Burck-
hardt, in his notes of the Bedouins, says that
the children of the desert often tuke hold of
the tent pole and swear by the life of the tent
and its owners. But while such an oath
would stand among the Bedouins themselves
it would not hold in any Mohammedan cour!
of law.

So carefully must the Moslem oath he
guarded that in British India a magistrate
always requires a witness to raise his hand
and to swear three times by Allah,

The oath which was adininistered in the
presence of Judge Foster the other day wes
BEB. a parody. Sir Walter Scott and other
novelista make the Saracens swear by their
beards; but I never read or heard of a Mo-
hammedan swearing by the virtue of his
wives, although, as I have said, he can by *
terrible oath impose upon himself the d!-
vorcement of his wives should he commit

perjury,

The following selections from an Arabio
book may be of interest: “Whoever swears
to a thing and says ‘if it please God’ and acts
contrary to his oath, it is no ain.

“Whosoever swears by the prayers or by
the fast, or vy the pilgrimage is an infidel.

“The Prophet, upon whom be peace, used
peneratly to swear in these words: ‘I say no,

y him who is the turner of hearts.’”

Mohammed was himself rather given to
swearing. But he was very careful to guard
the sanctity of an oath. For example, he
declared that to swear by the setting stars
was a moat terribly false outh.

But if any member of the legal profession
wishes (4 study this sadsect he will find “Ham-
ilton’s Hidayah” in the Astor Library, an
if he will refer to Volume VI. he will find a whole
chapter on the nature of an oath,

As we have now a number of Moslem snb-
jects in the Philippines it may be advisable

o keep a copy of the Hidayah in the District
Attorney's office.
THE AUTHOR OF THE “DICTIONARY OF

__ ISLAM.
NEw York, March 26,

 

Number of Vehicles and Traias in London.
From the London Daily Mail.

Colossal were the figures dealing with the trafmo
of London which Mr. Edgar J. Harper of the London
County Councl) presented to the Royal Statistical
Soctety last night.

There are about 600 miles of railway in Greater
London, and some 600,000,000 traln Journeys 470
made ts a year, The bustest hour ts from 9 to 10
A. M., when 884 trains arrive at the London terminl.

Between 1 and 2 P. M. there were counted to
Plecadily 366 omntbuses and 1,009 other vebicles.
The day's toll of twelve hours was 15,284 vel,
without counting barrows and cycirs

 

Rosebery'’s Three Speeches
From the London Morning Pow

It used to be sald of Lord Rosebery that he never
made & specch without being compelled to deliver
two more, In one of which he explained that he had
pot sald what he meant, and in the other hie made
it quite clear that he had not meant what he satd

ee
The Supreme Test of Memory.

Cyrus was boasting that he could remember the
name of every soldier in his army.

“Yes,” they sneered, “but can you remember the
name of every cook you've had in the laff taree
months?”

Sadly he was compelled to admit Gefest.

Talk about!

Don't think that I am find-:

        

ia li Tce eee on ne et ee cei,

——