¢

\

 

KITTENS AT A CONFIRMATION, |

MAMMA BROUGHT THEM IN TO
LOOK ON, BUT WAS SCARED.

 

First She Took In the Preparations Herself
—Then She Produced Babies One and
Two in Triumph—Feline Intelligence
That Almost Stopped the Hymns,

A yellow cat took her two young kittens
to Bishop Potter's confirmation service
at the little church of the Archangel in St.
Nicholas avenue yesterday morning. It
was the first service held in that church since
the fire almost destroyed it four months ago.

The main body of the church is not com-
pleted so the ceremony was in the guild
hall in the basement.

Lay ReaderAllen Davidge Marr was giving
out the second lesson when there was an
exclamation from one of the lady choristers.
The cat stole from behind Bishop Potter's
chair, into the north choir stalls, back into
the sanctuary, down the main aisle and
disappeared through thefront door, Bishop
Potter suppressed a smile. The younger
members of the congregationdidn't, There
was a suspicion of suppressed merriment
through the church, but the cat had disap-
peared and immediately profound atten-
tion was again given to the lesson.

The congregation and choir were singing
the next hymn when the worshippers in the
front pew on the north side ceased singing.
Their silence spread, and before the close
of the first verse the singing was supported
only by the choir and the congregation on
the south side of the chapel.

There was the yellow cat occupying a
prominent place on the north side of the
platform, which was used for the sanctuary.
She took a look around, then disappeared,
and a moment later strode proudly forth
with a wee yellow kitten in her mouth.
The congregation on the north side of the
chapel buried their heads and trembled.
The yellow cat disappeared. There was a
deep sigh from the north aisle and the hymn
was resumed. No one in the sanctuary
seemed conscious of the feline addition
she had made to the congregation until
from behind the crimson hooded robe of
the Bishop the yellow cat darted out again,
shot under the surpliced robe of the min-
isters near the choir stalls, and vanished.
Then, as the hymn burst forth with renewed
fervor, she appeared on the platform ex-
hibiting yellow kitty No. 2.

A small boy was sent up to the platform
to request the mother to leave. A man
with a small girl on his knee was vainly
trying tocalm her. Suddenly she screamed
out, “I will tate dat pussy—I will, I will!”

The yellow cat scented trouble in the
person of the small boy and the minister,
who had been attracted by the child's cry.
Clutching the second yellow kitten in her
mouth, she again crossed the path of the
astonished and solemn Bishop. The small
boy captured yellow kitten No. 1,

A moment later the mother cat returned,
missed the twin of the kitten she had car-
ried to safety and in a frenzy made a rush
up the north aisle, down the middle, across
the stage, behind the Bishop and over to
the platform. A faint “meow” from the
vicinity of the small boy caused her to
pause. The kitten was put in the side
aisle and a moment later both kitten and
mother had vanished. The hymn came
to an end and the confirmation service
began.

Thirty boys and white veiled young
girls received the sacrament. Bishop Pot-
ter made a short address at the close of
the service, congratulating both the rec-
tor, the Rev. George Starkweather Pratt,
and his congregation on the fruit of their
recent endeavor. He spoke of the fire
and of the period in which the faithful
had had to worship first in a dance hall
and later in a flat in the Constance apart-
ment house in 113th street, more generally
known as the “House of Babies.”

Speaking of the influence of a church
on a worshipper Bishop Potter said: “I am
afraid of the tendency which seems to be
growing to make a church look like a musio
or dance, or lecture hall, We should not
secularize a church until we cannot dis-
tinguish it from a dance or lecture hall,
| have no doubt that God hears more prayers
in the kitchen and the bedroom than he does
in the church, but it is nevertheless true
that the sacred and impressive atmos-
phere in a church or cathedal has a de-
votional influence.

“The scenery around us is more influ-
ential than many of us think.”

MONKEYS NOT IN OUR FAMILY.

Announcement From Bishop Potter That
Mr. Garner’s Researches Prove Nothing.

Bishop Potter confirmed about thirty
Italian children yesterday at the Episcopal
Church of San Salvatore in Broome street.
The service was in Italian, except the
Bishop’s part of it, which was spoken in
English. In his dress after the cere-
mony Bishop Potter said: )

There is 4 man who lived in tree tops in
Africa and Asia to study whether_monkeys
have language. He came back to Paris and
wrote & book about it. But the monkeys
having a language proves nothing Ny
horse, in all probability, has a language, but
that doesn't prove that_he belongs to the
same family as I do. If that Frenchman
had found that the monkeys had an altar,
a liturgy and a ear ee book, then I should
say they belong to the same family that we
do. Until then to say so is rubbsh. Our
similarity to God lies in our having a con-
science. I beseech you all to love God and
the Church, and to make of yourselves faith-
ful citizens of the United States.

 

Eventless Confirmations by Bishop Greer.

Bishop-Coadjutor Greer officiated yester-
day at three confirmation services—at
St. Thomas's in the morning, at Grace
Church in the afternoon and at St. George's
at night. He oonfirmed in all more than
400 persons, most of whom were boys and
girls. Nothing extraordinary occurred.

STROLLERS DINE THE ACTORS

Notable Absences Because of Demands
on a Calcium Light.

The Strollers gave their annua! theatrical
dinner last night in the clubhouse at. «7
Madison avenue. About seventy guests
were present. As the toastmaster, E, F.
Coward, explained, the dress rehearsal of
the all-star cast of “The Two Orphans”
served to keep away many of the invited
guests.

Daniel Frohman was compelled to be at
the New Amsterdam Theatre to see that his
wife, Margaret Illington. got her share of
the calcium light. William Biacy was
also compelled to be on hand to look after
Grace George's interest in that same _ cal-
clum. George Tyler was compelled to
look after the Interests of Kyrle Bellew in
the performance, and A. M. Palmer was
compelled to be there in order that the
actors should not cepa from any of the
original traditions of the play as it was
given under his management thirty-two
years ago.

Wilton Lackaye, Maclyn Arbuckle, Ray-
mond Hitchcock, John Corbin and Arthur
Forrest were among the speakers. Mr.
Lackaye spoke stirrinaly for an educated
public taste in the theatre and Mr. Arbuckle
told dog stories. Then there were other
speeches about national theatres and stories
about more dogs.

 

New Play by Horace B. Fry.
Rehearsals have begun for the production
ata special matinés at Wallack’s of Horace
Rk, Fry's new play “Love's Pilgrimage,”
It will be presented with a company includ-

ing Miss Carlotta Nillson

 

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

puffy, important woman who seemed
to be shy on ethical culture got four seats
away from four young men yesterday at
the Carnegie Hall meeting of the Ethical
Culture Society by nerve alone. The four
young men had earned good seats by going
early and occupying them half an hour
before the nesting began. The woman
fluttered down the aisle late, accompanied
by an elderly man. There were no seats

 

vacant.
“Oh,” exclaimed the woman s0 that a
score of persons could hear her, “I wouldn't

be surprised if one of these boys would let
us have his seat.”

The four young men looked at each
other, hesitated for a second, then got
up together and filed up the aisle. If
they were lucky they found seats in the top
gallery. The woman and her escort sat
down in front.

The police of the East Fifty-first street
station tell of an incident after the killing
of Policeman Enright by a burglar a week
ago which shows the general esteem en-
tertained for the man.

Enright arrested an Italian bootblack
on East Fifty-ninth street a year ago for
disorderly conduct. The Italian was taken
to the Yorkville police court and fined
$10 on the policeman's complaint. When
the news of the pcliceman’s death spread
throughout the neighborhood, the boot-
black went among the Italians and took
up a collection. On Tuesday night he
entered the station with a large floral piece
having on it the words: “Our Friend.

The floral piece was sent to the dead
policeman's home in time for the funeral.

Free entertainment of the passing pub-
lic ought to be put down to the credit of
every big fire as one of its incidental bene-
fits. The entertainment is not for the hour,
nor the day the flames last. Every
picturesque ruin has at least a week's
staying qualities as a free show to halt
the passing crowd and block the side-
walk. An old-fashioned business building
in Park place was gutted two or three
weeks ago, and there is still a group of
the curious in front of the ruins at almost
any hour of the day or night. The Broad-
way ruins produced by Saturday's “9—9"
are good for a month's run,

“Did it ever strike you,” said the circus
cop, “that all them horses that the fluffy
girlies trips their tiny tootsie wootsies on
is either white or gray? It's a fact, but
I never knew the reason for that till t’other
day one of the riders told me. They rub
roain on the horses’ backs to give them a
kind of hold, and the rosin would show
on_a horse of any other color.”

Then the cop gazed down at hisown feet.
“T couldn't hang on, rosin and all,” he
added, pensively.

A three horse truck piled high with trunks
and theatre paraphernalia was stuck on
the hill on lower Fulton street, Brooklyn.
The driver had been giving the horses a
breathing spell and when he was ready
to start an outside horse balked, Coaxing
and cursing, beating and baiting that horse
with sugar and salt had no effect, Then
the usual crowd collected and the usual
suggestions were made, Each brand of
cure was tried, but the horse coolly lay
down and evidently prepared to stay.
Finally a boy about 10 years old piped up:

“Mister, unhook 'im and get ‘im up.
Den hitch him in de middle an’ he'll go.”

They put the beast between the shafts,
though the driver doubtingly said he was
the “nigh” horse and it wouldn't work.
But it did, and the horse, looking very
ieee started up the hill in spite of him-
self.

The importance of putting the owner's
initials or some other distinguishing mark
in hats has been brought home forcibly
to a man whose carelessness lost him a
new silk tile. He was rather proud of this
headpiece until some weeks ago, Then he
observed that it looked a bit shabby, Like-
wise, it didn't fit as well as usual, The hat
looked like his, same style and same make,
but it didn't seem quite right. All hata
bought of this particular firm are stamped
inside the band with the date of purchase.
He looked inside the lining of this hat and
was surprised to find the date “Feb. 23,
1901.” is own hat was of more recent
vintage.

An exchange had apparently been effected
by some careless, or careful, attendant in
a club or hotel check room; that seemed
the only reasonable explanation, The hat
store man to whom the ancient lid was taken
for repairs pointed out that the catastrophe
would never have happened if the hat bore

 

a habit of looking inside. The man is now
wondering if he can last out the season
without a new hat.

 

An observer of things feminine saw some-
thing the other day which he thinks is new.
While waiting for a car a young woman
came to the corner with the same purpose
in mind. The girl was good to look at
and the man looked. A prominent feature
of her get-up was a large bunch of violets
pinned to her boa. When both had en-
tered the car he got a closer view and the
violets were artificial. They were cleverly
constructed of narrow violet ribbon with
green fixtures which made the likeness to
the real article very real.

The man inquired of a woman friend
later if the wearing of artificial violets
was a new fad. He was told that it wasn't
very new, but so far had found few followers,
The artificial violets are costly, but as they
don't have to be renewed except at long
periods, young men men might find it a great.
saving to encourage the habit of wearing
them.

Tt is the testimony of a New Yorker who
recently returned from a trip that the use of
Scotch whiskey in Southern cities has in-
creased SUrerenely: The New Yorker

«had expected to find that Bourbon or corn

| whiskey was the popular drink and that rye
also was much used. But Scotch is the
favorite, even the mint julep being relegated
to the rear.

Warm weather is coming, sure, for the
boys on the East Side who have goats and
wagons are beginning to get ready for it.
For the last two or three years in summer
a boy with a team of goats and a wagon
large enough to carry six children at once
travels around Corlear's Hook Park. Every
afternoon from 2 o'clock until 7 and some-
times later he is kept busy taking children
around the park at 5 cents a ride.

“On weekdays,” said this enterprising
young citizen, “I make from $2.50 to $2 a
day. Sundays and holidays are the best.
Then I usually make from $5 to $7, not in-
cluding the stable rent for my goats and
wagon.”

That things Russian as well as Japanese
attract nowadays was dernonatrated one
afternoon by a crowd which gathered
around two street dancers in a small thor-
oughfare near the Brooklyn shopping dis-
trict. A man and woman dressed as Cos-
sacks danced and sang to Russian music
played on an automatic organ, and shoppers
applauded and enerously rewarded them,
The most. remarkable thing about this new
street act is that the performers are He-
brew-—at least the man who winds up the
organ is. He said the act took well in
Jewish neighborhoods.

A death defying act of the loop-the-gap
series, but with many performers, is shown
nightly at the downtown City Hall station

on the elevated in Brooklyn, There is
neither guard nor ticket seller on this
station. Boys taking uptown train& to

save their carfare wait on the lower stair-
way until the train they want comes in.
Before it is stopped they rush on the plat-
form, leap down on the crosaties, run across
the track, regardless of third rails or ap-
proaching trains and climb on the back
platforms of the uptown cars. The guard
on the uptown side can’t see them, because
the train at the station obstructs his view;
and there are 80 many boys that he could
not stop them if he did see them. | :

The danger of this performance is evi-
dently not considered by the passengers,
who erniay and encourage it.

a distinguishing mark and the owner made |!

5

|

| but such devotion as Bedelia shows must

‘

CRUSTY BACHELOR MONKRY,

PATSY TURNS HIS BACK ON BE-
DELIA AT CENTRAL PARK.

All His Lessons in Table Manners Fail and
He Grabs Her Dinner Away From
Her—She Takes His Lordship Meekly
and Is His Very Humble Servant

 

Patsy, the big ape in the Central Park
menagerie, had a consort thrust upon him
yesterday, and he proved to be the most
ungracious benedick that has lived in the
collection of animals in many years.

He had been keeping bachelor's hall so
long and had shown such traits of gentleness
and friendship for his keeper, Jake Cook,
that Jake thought he would be delighted
to get a mate. Jake opened Patsy's cage

yesterday morning and _ introduced the
newcomer, it was a cold reception she
got.

“Vot's the madder mit you, Batsy, dot
you doan speag by the young lady alretty?
Undt she's such a handsome von, too!” the
keeper said when Patsy turned his back
to his new companion, went to the other
side of the cage and stared out at the crowd
of visitors,

Patsy's bride had been dubbed “Bedelia”
some time after she had left her native
home in far-away Ceylon. When she went
to the Park the name went with her. No
one in the menagerie knows how Patsy
got his name. He has had it five years.
If his keeper calls him by name from the
further end of the building he runs to the
bars of his cage to see what his friend
wants,

When Bedelia caught sight of Patsy she
began to act coquettishly, and, frisking off
toa corner of the cage, she pretended to take
no notice of the big fellow, but the keeper
observed her looking out of the corner of
her eye at Patsy. Finding that he made
no advances, she turned about and looked
squarely at him. She had a good view of
his back as he sat upright at the bars and
refused to take notice of her. She hopped
about and then threw a piece of bread crust
against the wooden partition to attract his
attention, but he kept up his stony British
stare at the visitors,

Bedelia went over to the side of the cage
where he was squatted on the floor, She
squatted alongside and looked up into his
eyes, She had to look up, as she is less than
half his size,

Patsy looked down at her for an instant,
turned away, yawned and showed his long
teeth to the visitors. Bedelia seemec
grieved, but not discouraged. She snuggled
up closer. He paid no attention, but was
all attention when Keeper Cook came along
with the usual morning portion of banana
and dish of milk.

The keeper had a napkin for the big mon-
key, as the latter has shown so much in-
telligence that Cook has been teaching him
table manners,

“Such a fine vorans you haf vor a vrou,
Batsy, undt you doan’ speag by her undt
say she vas velgome yet. “Rous mit you!"
the keeper scolded as he handed him his
napkin. The big fellow is very fond of
talking with his keeper and let out some
guttural sounds in answer as he took the
napkin.

fe disposed of the milk and soon finished
his piece of fruit, and, looking about, saw
his mate nearby delicately nibbling at a
banana. Despite his lessons in etiquette
he reached over, seized the fruit, trans-
ferred it to his own mouth and blinked in
satisfaction at the visitors.

If Bedelia was offended she didn't show
it. She went up alongside Patsy and
began to feel his ears with her fingers.
She bent them over and looked on both
sides, and then began to part the scanty
hair on his head, in the comical waymonkeys
have of doing it as though in search of
something. The rest of the day she fol-
lowed him about like a slave and showed
in many ways that she wanted to be friends.
Patsy remained cold and refused absolutely
to recognize her.

“He's a crusty old bachelor all right,

soften his heart in said Director
Smith.

The new monkey had been sent to the
Park because it waa thought that she would
die of lonesomeness. She had been in the
household of a clergyman in Poughkeepsie
and was sent a&® a present to Secretary
Willis Holly of the Park Board. Hethought
he could make a pet of Bedelia if he kept
her for a time in a cage in his office in the
Arsenal. But Bedelia developed a habit
of throwing sawdust from her cage on the
carpet, and one day badly frightened Miss
Ayres, the stenographer, by pulling the
hem of her skirt. So Mr. Holly decided
to give Bedella to the menagerie.
CREDITORS HOPEFUL

Of More Cash Accessible—Will He Get
Back on Change?

It was said last night that some of the
creditors of Daniel J. Sully & Co, had found
crumbs of comfort in the last sentence of
the statement regarding his change of
lawyers made by Mr. Sully on Saturday
afternoon. That sentence was:

“A friend, whose advice I feel it wise to
accept, has, however, suggested that I
employ, in addition to Messrs, Hornblower,
Byrne, Miller & Potter, other personal
counsel, to whom the prosecution of a suit
against Mr. Hawley could not be in any
sense distasteful.”

What Sully & Co.'s creditors want, as
speedily as possible, is what the firm owes
them. The only definite proposition that
has been made to then so far was 40 per
cent. in cash and 60 per cent. in notes to
run one, two and three years, When that
proposition was made some of the creditors
wanted to know how the firm was going to
pav nearly $2,000,000 in three years out of
the profits of a commission burinese. They
said it couldn't be dene. Therefore, they
reasoned, the only way Sully could hope to
get enough to pay these notes as they ma-
tured would be to return to heavy specula-
tion in cotton.

“And from that,” said one of the cred-
itors, “may the good Lerd deliver us!”

If, however, Sully should succeed in
compelling any “partners” to bear a share
of ihe “pocl” lesses in cotton that mighi
be a quicker asset for the ercditors,

Viewed in this light, Sully’s s‘atement
ef Saturday seemed lo promise something
and some cf the creditcrs, so it was said
last evening, had about concluded to wi h-
draw their objection to Sully's reinstate-
ment by the Cotten Exchange.

The ecreditcrs who held ‘his view have
been advised that there is nothing in the
bankruptey preecedings to prevent Sully,
as an individual and a party to the alleged
vooling agreements, frcm bringing all the
jaw suits Tis likes agains! other parties to
the agreements,

time,”

SULLY

 

Question Princeton and Harvard
Debate.

PRINCETON, N, J., March 27.—The subject
for the annual debate between Harvard
and Princeton has been submitted to Prince-
ton by Harvard, Princeton will have the
choice of sides. The question for debate
is “Resolved, That laws be passed com-
pelling the management of a business con-
cern which has control of an industry to
sell its product at a reasonable price with-
out discrimination,”

The debate will be held in Cambridge
this year on May 6.

Are to

Spring Flower Show tn Prospect Park.

The annual Easter flower show was opened
in Prospect Park, Brooklyn, yesterday
and fully 15,000 persons visited the park
to look at the Easter lilies and other flowers
which the gardeners have been carefully
nursing for the last three months. In the
main greenhouse the lilies were massed in
the big central bed with blossoming plants
surrounding them. In the collection were

nasturtiums, azaleas, hyacinths, tulips,
cinerarias, camellias, genestas, English
primroses and baby _ primroses. re

was also a large collection of palms.

 

‘PATRONAGE REACHES DE ATE.

Who Says the Sullivan Districts Are Feeling
Neglected?

Tammany patronage is trickling into
“de Ate” in spite of rumors to the contrary.
Frank Spardotti will henceforth be the
official bootblack of the Essex Market
police court. He shined shoes for two
cents last fall for any man who would wear
a Tammany button.

The Hon, Fred Paul, who wanted to be
Superintendent of Public Buildings, has
compromised on the job of messenger in
the Essex Market prison, which is paid by
fees and is estimated to be worth $3 a
week, “Blackey” Cohen has been appointed
official news vender in the court. He
says he makes about $2 a week, which is
something to be grateful for.

There were several candidates for the
bootblacking job.

The Hon. Christie Sullivan, who was
authorized by the Hon. Florie to give out
the job, finally selected Spardotti after the
latter had presented him with a memorial
with 200 signers, including several City
Magistrates, lawyers and police court
clerks.

Spardotti had his chair in front of the
court house yesterday and was warmly
congratulated on all sides. Magistrate
Pool had the honor of receiving the first
official shine.

Rosey the lawyer, who was Spardotti’s
principal backer, was jubilant over the
appointment. ‘Vo his fellow barristers he
said:

 

“I told you blokes to wait and we would
be recognized. We will all be taken care
of yet. It was only last week that 1 got
Pete the Barber reinstated as barber in the
Ludlow Street Jail, and 1 am going to get
Jake Neufield the contract to shovel off
the snow from the sidewalks around the
court house next winter. Anybody who
says we have not been recognized down
here by Tammany Hall ought to look around
and see.”

Rosey then displayed a_ typewritten
document containing a list of appointments.
It read:

Fred Paul, messenger; salary, fees

Frank Spardotti, bootblack, not less than
2a week.

Pete the Barber, official barber, good for
$5 a week.

Ginger McGinnis, two pushcart stands.

On the subway, eight pick and shovel
men

On the waiting list and what they may get:
Issy Cohen, Assistant Corporation Counsel,
Gustavus Rogers, Deputy Police Cornmis-
sioner; Julius Lyons, inspector of fisa; Dia-
mond Charlie Solomon, probationary officer;
Capt. Charlie Kramer, tenement bouse in-
spector: Mike Jackson, band concerts in the
East Side parks; Moses Lazarus, gas house
inspector; Max Levine, court interpreter;
Joe Levy, Eldridge street station nessenger

“They may not all get there,” said Rosey,
“but I have hopes that most of them will,
What more can we ask for?”

CARS STALLED FOR 3 HOURS.

Power Shut Off to Prevent Danger From
Torn Down B. KR. T. Wires.

A peculiar accident to the overhead wires
at the Sands street approach of the Brook-
lvn Bridge yesterday afternoon at 1.20
o'clock caused a tie-up of the trolley sys-
tem over the structure, stalling thousands
of persons on their way to the Prospect
Park flower show and crippling the trolley
service for three hours.

The accident was caused by a trolley
pole on a Seventh avenue car slipping from
the overhead wire at the turn from. the
bridge approach into Sands street,

The motorman was making the turn at
a fairly high rate of speed. When the pole
jumped it bounded high in the air and
caught in the network of wires, Ripping
and tearing as the car sped along for fifty
feet on Sands street, the pole pulled down
everything that was strung overhead, as
well as the big feed wires and cables on
the side nearer the Bridge.

Short-circuited wires made a_ brilliant

yrotechnic display, which was followed
BF a dense cloud of smoke from the burn-
ing insulation, The car was crowded and
a rush was made for the doors, which was
quickly checked, however, by the con-
ductor, who shouted that the danger was
| allon the street, where the broken wires were
lving, writhing and emitting sparks of blue
flame like a mass of quivering and vicious
snakes,

Not until the power had been shut off ay
the Third street power house, tying up the
whole trolley system in lower Fulton street
and the vicinity of the Bridge, did the
marooned passengers in the car trust them-
selves to wade ‘Rough the great mass of
breken and twisted that
pulled down.

wire had been

Fulton street and the south roadway of the
Bridge, the cars were stalled on the struct-
ure and a large number of impatient Sun-
day travellers soon gathered.

Every repair wagon available in the lower
section of the borough was summoned.
It took sixty men three hours to repair
the damage done in less than sixty seconds,
several hundred feet of wires, crossed and
recrossed, besides the big feed wires having
been torn down. While the repairs were
being made, the stalled cars on the north
roadway of the Bridge on the grade from
the Brockiyn tower were run by gravity
to the Sands street approach, and the im-
prisoned passengers turned out to walk
to the nearest elevated station, where they
received transfers or continuing trip tickets.
The effect of the blockade was felt until
nightfall. It lasted until 4:20 o'clock, not
a car being moved over the Bridge during
those hours.

TO GROW BRAINS RIGHT.

A Recipe Which Is Old Propounded by a
Prophetess of the New,

“lam going to talk to you about the mcst
interesting subject in the werld,” said
Mrs. Vance Cheney (to a large audience in
Geneological Hall yesterday afternoon.
“I am going to talk about yourselves and
your sensibili ies.”

“ Mrs. Cheney is one of the women who
turn up from time to time with new rules

ef life, which are rarely new at all. She
calls hers the “art of right thinkiog.” Yes-
terday her lecture dealt at length with a
kind ef all wool, shrinkable and India

rubber expandable brains you can have.
This is the recipe she gave:

“Think right, concentrate your thoughts
on what you want to obtain, then the brain
cells that tend fer wrong thinking and
failure will shrink and new cells for right
thoughts and svecess will grow."

“Will it change the shape cf your head,”
asked a woman wearing a pues pompaceur,

“It will beautify if,” declared Mrs, Che-
ney, and the lecture clesed.,

STRUCK MRS.
It Bored a Hole Through a Window and
Made a Lump on Her Jaw.

The Second precinct police of Jersey
City have been unable to find out what
struck Mrs. Mary Leary's right jaw as she
sat near ber kitchen window at 1591; Coles
street on Saturday night. According to
Mrs. Leary the “thing” bored a hole through
a pane of glass and struck her with great

force

“It knocked me

 

WHAT LEARY?

 

speechless,” she said,
“and I ealled out to my son, ‘Jimmy,’
eays I, ‘I'm dead.’ Jimmy rushed in and
found my face covered with blood and the:e
was o big lump on my jaw. The pain in
my head is something awful,”

frs. Leary'’s aon ran to the police station
and reported that his mother had been
shot. Then he returned home and helped
the family search for the bullet. They
swept the floor and didn't find anything
that could have caused Mrs. Leary’s injury.
No bullet was imbedded in her flesh.

Vorhis-—MoCarty.

Harry Stephen Vorhis and Miss Harriett
Allen McCarty were married yesterday by
the Rev. Dr. Howard A. Johnson, pastor of
the Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry McCarty of Waterbury, Conn.

With the cutting off of the power on lower !

PUBLICATIONS.

 

PUBLICATIONS,

PARANA A LEP DDL EPPA

 

EZRA S. BRUDNO, who was born in Lithuania, Russia,
but is now a citizen of Cleveland, Ohio, has written a novel
which portrays the very essence of the Russian life of to-day.
His book is called

THE FUGITIVE

BEING MEMOIRS OF A WAN-
DERER IN SEARCH OF A HOME

It is Mr. Brudno’s first book; was published in Mid-
February without flourish of trumpets, but the demand has neces-

sitated three printings and the roth thousand is just ready.
Discriminating critics have said of it:

The novel is certain to have a wide reading because of i
sincerity, sustained and splendid power.

 

 

«Tf ever a book was written straight from the

heart, it is this.’’

‘<A human experience which mere fiction could

hardly produce.’’

DOVBLEDAY PAGE * CO
254 VNION SQVARE- NEWYORK -

(Price, $1.50.)

THE WORLDS
+ WORK »

 

 

 

 

  

 

and act.

  

  

WITH THE
TOP.

TRY-OUT
AT

A CIRCUS
ELEPHANTS THE

Sacred Oxen Wouldn’t Work on Sunday,
but the Others Did Their Best, Ine
cluding the Photographer, Who Bossed
the Tug-of-War—One Camel Bucked.

An assortment of animals from the circus
menagerie went through a series of stunts
at Madison Square Garden yesterday in
order, as the management announced,
“that the utmost hauling and pushing
power of elephants and the strength of
horses and other animals might be ao-
curately, fully and finally ascertained and
made matters of record.”

All the animals did nobly at the strength
tests except the sacred oxen, who refused
to work on Sunday.
verformer was Old Babe, the
gentlest and most useful member of the
elephant herd. Old Babe walked out and
after eying the army of cameras with
suspicion, stepped into the harness at-
tached to the registering machine. She
demolished any theory that an elephant
could not pull, but was useful merely as a
pushing animal. Old Babe, without any
apparent effort, gave a yank and the ma-
chine registered 8,700 pounds. The best
she could do in the pushing line was 4,500
pounds.

Old Babe didn't allow herself to be hitched
up without some protest. She had never
pulled anything before and when the ro
were fastened around her body she tried
to lift them off with her trunk. It was
suggested that a tiger be put in harness
in the hopes that it might develop still
greater pull.

Before the animals came on a hundred
men grabbed the rope and did a good imita-
tion of a tug of war.
6,700 pounds or an average of 67 pounds
a man. The ringmaster announced that
they were ashamed of such a showing
and would try their pull again.:

When the men were ready for a second
test a camera man answering to the name
of Jack stepped into the breach. Jack
suid that he could make them pull. He
must have worked alongshore or as mate
on ship board before he began taking pic-
tures for a newspaper.

“Heave, ho, now pull, pull, pull!” screamed
Jack. He accompanied his directions with
a pantomine so vigorous that the circus

ORST OF ANIMALS’ STRENGTH

The star

hands pulled till they were blue in the
face. his time the dial registered 12,000
pounds,

After this test two, four and then six
horses were tried. It has always been
an interesting question just how much
pulling power is lost as the number of horses
is increased. It was found that the best
team of draught horses in the circus could
pull 2,750 pounds when harnessed to a rope
eighty feet long. When the rope was shor-
tened up to six feet the pull amounted to a
thousand pounds more.

At the six foot distance, four horses

yulled exactly the same amount as two.
Vhen attached to the eighty foot line,
however,they pulled more than 5,000 pounds.
Six horses pulled the same as four at eighty
feet, but at six feet the dial registered
nearly 9,000 pounds,

The camels were tested for both pulling
and backing power. They refused to back,
though under ordinary circumstances they
show great aptitude in that line. One of
the camels developed great bucking power,
but that was unmeasured,

It had never been supposed that camels
could pull much of a load, but the team
succeeded in jerking 2,700 pounds,

 
 

 

FOR THE CONNOISSEUR

PALL MALL

LONDON CIGARETTES

 

A most rare and delicious blend
ot Eastern Tobaccos

  
  

   

AMUSEMEN

BELASCO THEATRE, |

ARRAS AAD ALS
ve. at. Mat, Sat., 2
HENRIETTA

 

d 4
| CROSMAN ‘wert tity BELLAS.”

 

 

 

 

 

AMERICAN, Eve. 8:30, Mat. Wed. 25 & 60c.

FLORENCE BINDLEY

in A MIDNIGHT MARRIAGE.

ICTORIA | 25,50, 75, 1.00. Dally Mats. 26, 50.
“THEATRE of| _ Marshall P. Wilder, pope
VARIETIES."| Paul Spadont, Genaro & Bal cr
42d,B'wy.,7 av, ‘Cushman, Holcomb & Curtls,o

They only pulled |

the love of luxury.

8 ee eS See eee

   
 

 

$1.50. At all Booksellers.

  

AMUSEMEN

aero

MADISON SQ. GARDEN

BARNUM & BAILEY

Greatest Show on Earth.

3'4 hours of continuous thrilling performances.
Magnificent representation of

THE GORGEOUS DELHI DURBAR.

100 Circus Acts by 300 Artists,

ANCILOTTI, THE MODERN ARIEL
LOOPING THE GAP.
VOLO, THE WIZARD VOLITANT,

wheeling down a precipitous incline with
stupendous leap.
SOLO and CHICO, the Marvelous Unicyclists,
Descending a Steep Ladder in a Carrying Act.
A Herd of Giraffes, 8 Herds of Elephants, Cages
of Wild Beasts, Smalicst Horse in the World, Baby
Elephant and Mother, Stupendous Gallery of Living
Human Curtosities, Two exhibitions dally, at 2
and & p.m. Doors open at 1 and 7 p. m.
Admission to everything, 25 and 50 cents (26th
and 27th street doors); Reserved Seats, 75 cents,
$1, and $1.50 (Madison avenue side); Private Boxes,

 

 

$12 and $15; Single Box Seats, $1.50, $2,
Box office open from 9 A. M. to @ P.
In advance. No seats reserved by telephone.
Beware of speculators and bogus tickets. Buy
PROCTOR S To-night, Res, 75c.
| BEST VAUDEVILF BILL of SEASON,
t } JOHN T. SULLIVAN & CO., Hale &
e
bth Ave “WEDDING MARCH”
‘
bth St {re | MAN WHO DARED
e
125th St “CAPT. SWIFT”
® Big Vaudeville Twice Dally.
RESERVED SEATS ON SALE IN
BOX OFFICES OPEN 9:80 A, M. TO 10:30 P. M.
Las! week--Eves, at 8. Last. Mat, Sat. at 2
Special Matinee To-morrow, 2 sharp.
FORBES
ROBERTSON-ELLIOTT HAMLET
Next Monday, April 4th.
WRICHT LORIMER |
THE SHEPHERD KINC.

advance sale of seats; no 25, 50 and 75c. scats sold
at box office only.
To-day, 25¢c., 50c.
Frances,4 NelsonsComiques,20Kig Acts
Ble Continuous Vaudeville.
Mats. To-day,Wed., Thurs, & Sat.
ADVANCE,
KNICKERBOCKER. Broadway & 38th St.
GERTRUDE in
Tickets on Sale Thursday, 9 A. M.

 
   

    

Mat. Wed. & Sat., dt 2:15.

Y4 Nk TO-NIGHT at 8:15

HENRY W. SAVAGE offers
A New

E Raymond
Comic Opera E Cc

Hitchcock
atthe BROADWAY

ONS in The
THEATRE, 4ist & B'way. UL

OPERA HOUSE,
HAR LEM Ree a Bhat 7th Ave.

aur MANSFIELD

Richard

To-night, IVAN THE TERRIBLE; Tues, Evg. &
Sat, Mat.. OLD HEIDELBERG; Wed. Evg., A
PARISIAN ROMANCE; Thurs. & Sat. Evgs., Bkau

EKYLL AND MR. HYDE,
COUNTY 167th to 164th Sime.
quaint Comedy, THE

ACADEMY OF MUSIC 1:71 ST. «

BRUMMEL; Fri., DR.
HENRY W. SAVAGE
CHAIRMAN, "37.2"
® in Town.”’
IRVING PL,

 
     

 

 

 

 

Cc B'way dé EV ES.B:
WALLACK’S i Rene sa aa
offers GEO. ADE'S

 

“PFERHAPS THE GREATEST WOMAN’S NOVEL”
In Which a Woman Tells the Truth About Herself.

The personal story of a woman whose life has been
under the dominance of the passion for admiration and
She resolves to write the whole,
unsparing truth about herself—not the way she ought
to have felt and acted, but the way she actually did feel
This is the story that is told in

 

THE PERSONAL PRONOUN NOVEL, 4

D. APPLETON & COMPANY, Publishers.

FE. G. Gilmore & Fugene Tompkins, Proprs, & Mars. |

A CHINESE HONEY/IOON

Prices 25, 50,75. 1.00. Mats,Wed. & Sat..2. Fve., 8:15
NEXT DAVID

ween WOW GRANE to Tame.
LECTURES

LMENDORE ‘tt

LYCEUM
FAREWELL LECTURE cra'niss Sc mao at:
“Through Palestine on Horseback."’

j R Cc L Broadway and 60th St

LADIES’ MAT, DAILY.
Rousby's “IN PARIS,'"' The 4 Nightons,
Edouin & Fdwards, Stuart Parnes, Norah
gsayes, Shean & Warren, others.

MAJESTIC ei ieatana Sette 2

with MONTGOMERY
of and STONE,
14 New Musical Numbers.

 

34th St, Theatre, near @th av, Mats, Wed. & Sat

CHARLEY tn the The Awakening

GRAPEWIN Musical Farce of Mr, Pipp.:
NEXT WEEN “THE SMART SET."

 

Manhatlan we es ws
= THE VIRGINIAN ==

wesc ty
N Lex. Av. & 107th. Matinee To day.
E Jos, Hart and Carrie DeMar
w FOXY GRANDPA,
To-Night,
“Dr. Jekyll

asians mr | 3
PRAND Ss SHE
F. & Mr.Hiyde"

VE. |_IN OF
AT today | THe Shadow ste Gallows

|
|

17

 

 

   

 

       
   
    

7

    
   
   

 

 

   

 

,50C.—Maupassant’s Short Stories, Amateug,
Cracksman, Reynolds’ Old London, Tom Jones,
De Kock, PRATT, 161 6th av.

AMUSEMENTS.
EM PIRE THEATRE, Bway & 40th St.
% Evgs. 8:20. Mats. Wed. & Sat.
TO-NIGHT 117TH PERFORMANCE,

Greatest’ comedy,” THE OTHER GIRL}
HERALD SO, 2HSATHE® yey 3 sth ot
6th MONTH EXTRA MAT. APRIL 6th.
The Girl From Kay's 3A" BERNARD
NEW LYCEU West 45th St. & Bway.

At 8:15. Last Mat. Sat.
WILLIAM ,

| oat <A BLE
GILLETTE | CRICHTON,
Next week, Chas. Hawtrey—SAUCY SALLY.
DA LY’S B'way & 30th St.

Eves. 8:15.

SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER

Edith Wynne Matthison as Kate Hardcastle.
Ben Greet as......... Tony Lump

cin
LENTEN MATS. :
flrs. @ tHtis.  EVERYMANE
THEATRE, St., Bway & 6th Ave.
HUDSON sito.’ Mata Wea *k Som Ave
HENRY }!" MAN PROPOSES
M l LLER: Preceded by FREDERIO [)
? LEMAITRE,
Next _weck Ethel Barrymore in COUSIN KATE.

Sane eae teh Seater aaa een eee LD nD
| R THEATRE, Bway « 44th St.
CRITERION Staessen oa

Eves. R:15. Mats.Wed. & Sat. 2:15.
ye 5. Mats.Wed. & Sat. 2:15

<OLST_TIME Vv E N I R Ss

LAST WEEK THIS THEATRE,
GARRICK THEATRE NEXT MONDAY.

ELEANOR : MERELY
ROBSON ‘MARY ANN

GARDE | THEATRE, 27th St. & Mad. Ave.
Evgs.8:20. Mats. Wed. & Sat., 2:15.
7HE WM. i,

 

 

       
  
      
    
   
   
   
 
  
   
    

 

 

     

 

 

SECRET | With
_ OF POLICE 1 INELLE THOMP!: 5
GARRICK THEATRE, 85th St. & Bway,
Eves. 8:15, Reg. Mat. Sat.
PROFESSIONAL MAT. THURSDAY.

KATHERINE KENNEDY
In Elwyn A. Barron's Play,
T ULING

    

 

 

ite

| 3 G POWER
Next week -ELEANOR ROBSON,

  

K'way, 7th Ave., 42d St.

LYRIC Eve. 8:15. Mats. Wed. & Sat.

WILTON ern wo

LACKAYE | WEEESO|
n“THE PIT.”

$e,
Bway & 39th St.
Telephone, €726—-88th.
BS Mats. Wed. & Sat.
F.C. Whitney presents “A Musical Cocktafl,”

““PIFF, PAFF, POUF®!

Beginning Saturday Evening, A
Seats on Sale Wednesday on ee a
Beg. Monday,

PRINCESS fre. Monday. APR. 4th
“AN AMERICAN MILLIONAIRE ”

with H, REEVES-SMITH and Great Cast.

    

 
   
  

42d Street,
Bee ewes’ of B’way. *
| OPENING PERFORMANCES |
| TO-NICHT.
}__CURTAIN PRECISELY Ar a |
BRIEF SEASON —ELABORATE REVIVAL OF
THE TWO ORPHAN
With a distinguished all-star Cast.
Matinees Wednesday and ey

Mall Orders Received When Accompan} .
mittance NO ADVANCE IN Prices

NEW YORK "yu. sn

Bway, 44h & 45th.
PRICES,

Mats. Wed, &

§0-75-1,00-1.50--NO HIGHER”
: Pa Re talked of laughing hit,

RICH?

Ee The Tenderfoot

VAUDEVILLE; C A
Mais Thurs, @ Sat. 290. N 0 | 0 A

NOTE: No performance on Good Friday Night.

Naya HURTIG & SEAMON’S
PAA: - Ment 145th At.— HALLOWAY
SEED 25 ¢ UR

NEW AMSTERDAM

    

  

    

  

 

       

  

         
 

   

 

    
     

    

 

 

 
      

14th St. near 8d Avo,
CONTINUOUS.

PASTOR’S “{iuisiie"s

KLEIN, OTT BROS. & NICKERSON, The KRA-
TONS and BUSTER, Johnson, Davenport & Lorella.

PRINGESS zm, CENTURY PLaveRS

To-night ROSMERSHOLM.
Commencing Thurs—Vhe Battle of toe Butterfites,

ABTIOT HILL THEA. Lev. Ave, & 42d St,
AR } Matinee Every Day, 25e,
TURNED UB.

 

IRVING PLACE THEATRE, Every Ev. & Sat.
Mat. Bonn & Caristians In the great milltary play
“ZAPFENSTREICOH.” (PATTOO.) oe

EDE lean IN WAX.

NEMATOGRA
MUSSER

extra attractions, POWELL, 8 & 9,

WEST END ROSE MELVILLE,"S\s Hoptins:''
Matince Wednesday All seats 25¢,

:

BROOKLYN AMUSEMENTS.
. PARAL AA AA RAR RAR RRR AD DAA DD
’ THEATRE
BROADWAY JFreArRe yrue Ave,
Popular prices—-26-50-75 & 1.00
Mats. Wed. & Sat., all seats 25 & &®
WARD & VOKES in A PAIB OF PINKER”

New Groups

 

mapa S reer nina > ahr ar men

$i.

“Qa

Pe

 

eu. Se PES ae tae ee oe
oS :