TIT EEE ICS A SR ater ont

.

em rs

:

cin

 

WORLD'S RECORD BY $LOSSO

RUN OF 291 AT 18-INCH BALK-
LINE, 2 SHOTS IN.

 

 

Quick Scoring in a Practice Game in Which
(the Winner Makes 400 in Five Innings
--Rerolle’s Record in France—Stand-

ing of Players in Local Tournaments.

George F. Slosson was in rare form with
the cue yesterday. In a practice game with
Dr. J, Arnold he broke the world’s record at
18-inch balk line, two shots in, witha run of
261. The previous record was 222, made by
Morningstar.

‘The record was made in a game in which
Slosson was playing 400 to Dr. Arnold's 50.
The professional ran out the game in five
innings. The score was;

Slosson—5?2, 21, 0, 386, 201~-400,

Dr. J. Arnold—6, 0, 18, 2,—-26.

M. Rerolle, who is to meet Wilson P. Fors
of Haverstraw, N. Y., in a match for the
world's amateur championship et Paris,
beginning to-morrow, has just won the ama-
teur championship of Europe at 14-inch
balk line, two shots in. This ts the second
European championship that he has won,
his previous one being obtained over his
rivals at 18-inch balk line, two shots In.

A. F. Troescher has received a letter from
Paris in which it was etated there were
twenty-two contestants, and a preliminary
tournament was held in which all the weaker
players were dropped out. The strongest
six remained In the first game in the finals,
played on March 14, Rerolle defeated Blane
in a 400-point game with an average of more
than 20

The Paris correspondent further said that
the matoh between Foss and Rerolle will not

be played in the Salle Zodiac at the Grand
Hotel, but in the big automobile hall. This
hall has just been completed at an expeuse
of 600,000 franes, and is said to be the most
superb in France, ‘Through high influences
it was obtained for the Foss-Rerolle match.
Still another point touched upon by the cor-
respondent {s that of receipts. All Che profits
willl o to the fund for those wounded in the
Russian-Japanese War.

At the time Kerolle won the 18-inch cham-
ionship he took seven straight games. fis
nest average was 34.5 and his highest run
108. The second best average in the tourna-
ment was made by Rasquinet, and was less
than half of Rerolle’s best. Rasquinet
who has since become a4 professional, finisher
second in the tournament with a high single

average of 14.7. The only game he lost
was to Rerolle, who won by only 9 points
Rerolle’s grand average was 17.4 for rie

1)

pointe. 6 pire’ 400 points a game
n

record of each game he played is as follows:

High Rus. Average.
Loser. Points. Winner. Loser. Winner. Loser.
Rasquinet..... ..301 61 ot 14.8 14.7
B, Maure . ... 108 ib 21 15.3 6.3
Fouget. ......... 27! 55 O68 14.8 10,2
Lejeune. ......... 64 108 16 33.3 58
NaveS.. .......0105 07 87 6 17.3 2.7
De Dree........ B54 1” 47 14.6 18.1
Neh Siito essere ss00. 73 23 11.7 5.0

Rasing their opinion upon the foregoing
records, some billiard men believe them-
selves justified in calling Rerolle the amateur
marvel of Europe Although they desire
to see Foss win in his 1,200-point match against
Rerolle, they feel that Foss will have to do
bis best in order to do so. Whether he will
be able to do his best, they question Their

ergument is that an American going to Eu-:

rope or a Eurvpean coming to America,
necessarily hus somewhat the worst of the
edds, inasmuch as lie is away from home
and thus among strange surroundings.

At the Amateur Billiard Club play began
on Saturday in a scratch t4-inch balk line
tournament. Blair defeated G. T.
Williams by a score of 150 to 95. The other
ontestants are J. Ballin, Richard Everett,
filliam L. Gerrish, H. L. Phillips, C. D. Col-
man, W. Potter, G.T. Williams, R. Mace,
F.R. Hill and J. C. Davies,

n the 14-inch balk-line billiard tourna-
ment for the championship of the Amateur
Billiard Club, Dr, A. B. Miller leads with a
straight string of victories. Florian Tobias
is second and Dr. W. G. Douglas third, Tobias
has completed his schedule. Miller and
Douglas must yet meet. Connected with
this match there are two possibilities. If
Miller wins he take the championship cup
offered by William L. Gerrish. Douglas
wins there will be a triple tie among Miller,

 

Tobias and himself for first place. The
étanding of the players follows:

: Ww. L. Ww. L.

6 0) F.R. White.......... 8 4

6 1:C. F. Kinsman...... 1 4

i beverB. «EL WeWe Parin’ verse cc 1 5

W. Gershel........ 8 4(J.B.Blalr......... 0 6

In the handicap 14-inch balk-line tourna-
ment of the Hockey Club of New York, which
is in progress at the Metropolitan Academy,
Davies and Russell are tied for first. place.
There would have been a triple tie if B. Phillips
had defeated his brother, J. C. Phillips, in
bis last game. J.C. Phillips won by a score

of 100to 98, The standing:

Was De We La
Davies (70) . Sarat 2/\Corry (90)..... we f
Russell (100). . -7  —2'Gorman (76).........2 8
B. Phillips (100)... 6 3) Dissett (100) ........2 5
De Casenova (100) .5 4.3.C. Phillips (100). .2 4
Forrest (100) ceed 4. Newberry (90)... 1 7

In the amateur handicap straight rail
tournament at the New York A. ©. Dr. W. G.
Douglas and J. W. Leighton, who are the
only contestants in Class A, have not met.
In Class B, A. Vogel leads and in Class C,
Cc. D. Colman. If Colman defeats Peter
Doelger, Jr., in his only remaining game,
he will win first prize in his class. The stand-
ing of the players:

CLASS B
‘ We
A. Vogel (11
Ww. Rolston (95)...
E. M. Booth (100).

2 Tee dae
0G. H. Tousey (90) 2
1 J.G. W. Greet! (100) .1
2)R J. Schaefer (100) .0
CLASB C

enn
wren

 

PD. Colman (50)...2. 0 W. S. Wilson (50) 1 2

. Morsebh's'r(79).2 1 P. Doelger, Jr., (80) .0 2
Pool.

Four games have heen decided in the

tournament for the championship of the

Strollers.’ F. N. Drake and B. B. Tilt lead.

W. A. Tilt. has forfeited the two games in

which, so far, he has been scheduled. The
standing:

wv. Wan Li

F.N. Drake... 1 OE. F.Gray... f 1

PRTC ivervart Oli cAariits i 2

.E.Carhart,Jr.. 1 1C.V.N. Radcliffe. .o 0

Pusteeeven members of the Crescent A.C
have begun a handicap pool tournament
in which the conditions call for the retirement
of a player as soon as he shall lose two games,
The competition is divided into three classes,

 

HARLEM RIVER CA RNIVAL,

Committee Sclects May 158 for Annual
f Water Parade.

The: committee in charge of the annual
opening water carnival of the Harlem River
met yesterday at the Metropolitan Rowing
Club for the purpose of selecting a date and
arranging other details. Commodore John
O'Regan presided and some important items
were disposed of.

‘It was decided to send invitations to Long
Island, Brooklyn and tloboken clubs, the
‘Naval Reserve and a couple of canoer clubs
in this vicinity. May 15 was the date agreed
upon as the most suitable. A long discussion
was caused by a suggestion that the entire
paraue be held in the aiternoon and pot in

o sections, a8 has been the case heretofore,

AU present were in favor of one parade,
which will probably finally be agreed to.
- Commodore O'Regan announced that two
banners would be offered for competition
this year—one for the club having the big-
gest representation and the other for the
neatest and most stylishly arrayed eight
or six-oared barge, men and women's dresses
to-be considered. ‘Lhe next meeting of the
committee will be held on April 10,

 

 

Bennings Entries for To-day.
First Race—Selling, five and a half furlongs:

    
    
 

  
 
  

 

 

Setauket. ......... 114! Alpaca. wanevers. WE
TONID a ciecigcaaies 105’ Ade! Trebla............ 96
Sadducee..... 105 Julla Mo... ....., 98
Hilarity....... -.104/Rashful......... . 02
Orloff. 102 L-fMfe Sheppard. . -. O
Chicle....... int’ Lorena... . . . oO
Mr. Pickwic'! 100 Congress...., . 86
Andrattus . : =o wary Aud....,.. . 85

(Vhs é | Brotherhood. . oo, &
Athlana..... @0/High Hoels............ Mt
Worry. . 99)

Second Race—Selling: four and a half furlongs:

  

  
 
 
 

 

 

      

Red Ruler. 110 Garrett Wilson.
All Seariet. +105 St, Resolute............ "
Jack McKeon. . 102! Pedelia, ieuteac secu
Little Woods. . . 102) Broadway Girl. ........ 94
Miss Galore. 102'Pygmalion............. 94
PaR Racin 30d on
Tated Race—Selling; six furlongs:
Spring... coves +e 101] BrlMrthorpe,, .....0.0.- m8
Conkling dias MOIA ROTOR Nios 660s ecaas on
SRUBO oss sccn c+» OSLALOHSOON.......cccccess 96
Fourth Race—Selling: seven furlongs:
MeAstersinger.........117/Punctual. ... 106
Thorneyeroft... - 114! Nelile Forrest. 1%
DROVE acccsieeess 113) Preakness... 104
Locket........ ; 112) Annie Grace, 104
agelney tteeesenees 110 Nine Spot. . . - #
O'Hagen.. ... 108' Ailne Abbott. ... ooo
Miladi Love...........107/Red Light... 3107 7/""! 90
Pittacus........ .- 108)
Fifth Race—Selling: six and a half furlongs:
Iridescent...... sere MOUNUCFOOK, 60. IOS
a 107) Sweet Jane ............ 105
107) Lave Note......esee0s 105
107 Kite. im”
WET EROR. ts acsseoscesciads 100

Boney Boy, . ess ‘
Sixth Race—Por maidens: one mil

107 Jessie SiR ee IOO
Mr. Churehi}).. ne var’

112 Gay ne
Tireleas, ............ --212/ Mohican, .....

1
almouth,,.......+....112)/Clarence....
Edy Tandon: «ove +-106|Mammon.......cccc

  
 

EGAN'S FINE PLAYING.

Jersey City Man Gutclasses Fitzgerald in
Handball Championship Match,

San FRANoIsco, March 27,—Michael J.
Egan of Jersey City won the first series of
games to-day for the handball champion-
ship of the world, defeating James Fitzgerald
of the Olympic Club of San Francisco by
six‘out of seven games, Egan completely
outolassed Fitzgerald, and after the seco
game never gave the local man a chance to
make more than nine aces in a game. Most
of Egan's games were won on swift
low service, which Fitzgerald could not
take. At the end Egan was fresh while Fitz-
gerald was badly winded. The second game
was the only one which Fitzgerald won.
The scores:

 

Egan. ... Totecer eee elo malea ams L ae.
Flizgeraid. eae ee 18 21 5 9 2 9 8

In the fourth game E a began his low
service, and thereafter Fitzgerald had no
show. In the seventh game Egan ran seven-
teen straight aces, Fitzgerald showed great
cleverness in service and in killing the ball
in the first two games. ‘The final series of
eight games will be played on next Sunday,

LOCAL HANDBALL.

Stirring Matches at Egan’s, Casey’s, Shee-
han’s and Murphy’s.

The courts at New York, Brooklyn and
Jersey City were well patronized yesterday
and there were a number of stirring matches.
Egan's court, where the members of the
Jersey City Handball Club congregate, was
crowded in anticipation of hearing news
of the championship match at San Francisco
between Mike Egan and Jim Fitzgerald.
Late in the day it was announcel that a
match had been arranged between Stanley
and Golden against Johnny Egan and Burns
for $25 to be played next Sunday. The best
match at Egan's was between Neese and
Dobbins, playing against Hanlon and O'Keefe,
and the former pair won by a score of 2to 1.

7. Nees »D. Do Mrccvernrrestiee 21 21 16
Se NaetGa Bhd We: Ghee ah

J. MceCurnin and R. Ecknoff....eeceeeee es 1 «10 21
W. Dary and C. Cannon. ..19 21 16

}. Flaherty and Pp. Burns 2h 19 21

 

 

  
  
   

P. Seott and J. Hanlon ..20 21 18
P, Byrne and C. Cannon ..2% 10 21
M Dunn and A. Martin 18 21 20
M. Corcoran and J. Maxwell... a 19 21
D. Burns and J. Kelliher..... . 18 21 ae,
C. Stanley and C. Golden.... 21 21 21
J. Egan and D, Burns ..20 19 18
bP, Tuite... Nan veges 2b 19 21
W. Davey...... ..20 31 1
E. Corrigan and J. McCourt. . foonouoor ee] he S|

G. Barber and J. McDonald feeeee at 18 21

The Brooklyn Handball Club members had
a merry time at Casey's court. Dr. Gillen
and J Murphy_had a rattling match with
James Dunne, Jr., and J. Murphy. It was
a three game rubber and Dunne and his
partner won the first game, 21—19. Dr
Gillen and his partner did some effective
work and won the next two games and the
match, the score being 21—4, 21—12.

    
  
  

JODN Brown ......--ceeresecerececes veveevee A 17
DL, Ae PLOUGLOOG sss cccsccesceccesesscsesecsess 21 21
J. Reynolds and L. A. Proudfoot.... ae a

M. Malloy and J. Bomer..........
J. Murphy and J. Dunne........-0+6- 21 4 «12
Dr. Gillen and J. Murpay........+. 10 31 2t
J. Donotiue and J. Shelley ......-0 0s ooad 21 21
P. Dooley and A. McEvoy . -» 6 18 12

 

T. Dunne and Collins....... 21 «#18
J, Dunn and McElroy......-+ see 19 21
P. Dooley and Ladley..........466 --21 18 21
T. Regan and M. O'Donnell........ +--16 21 18

The most interesting match at Murphy's

court on 125th street was between Tom Ryan
and J. Murphy and M. Cassan and M. Ryan.
The latter pair won by a score of 2 to 1.

. Ry ndJ.Murphy.... -21 10 18
H. Gassan aud M. Ryan ‘ 14°21 21
W, Gallagher... ...csscccccocccsecscorcecesas 21 31
W. Ryan and D. Harrison.........0-e+eeeee 18 18 20
E. McCafferty and M. Keefe........++. eceeel8 21 20
FE. J. Groden and £. Brady........- beeciees 21 20 21
F. Irvin and M. Daly........sceccscecvecees 18 14 20
J. Scanion and J. Lennon. ....seeeeeeeerees 21 21 21
E.J. Groden and Dr. Gorman. .......-.+++- 21 21 21
P. Hartand J. Gaynor... se eeeuee toeseene 18 14 10
E. Hopkins and J. Scanlon. ........seeeeeee 21:10 21
T. O'Rourke and J. Gaynor.......+++ eevee 19 19 20

coeseese 18 14 20

M. Archer and B. Brady...
soccscoesad 31 Fi

J. Belton and. Ennis..... .
J. Bergen and M. Ryan....... +-oal 6 21
W. Gallagher and T. Walsh .. ---10 21 18

A five-game rubber in which the contest-
ants were Tracy and Foley pitted against
Durkin and Kennedy was the chief attrac-
tion at Sheehan's court, 2011 Third avenue.

    

  
  
   

 

The former pair played well from the start
and won by a score of 4 to 1
P. Brown and J. Merckel........--.+-+- 21 16 21
P. Cruger and J. Arnold..................18 21 10
P. Tracy and J. Foley............21 8 21 21 21
J. Durkin and M. Kennedy -..19 21 16 14 19
S. Foley and M. Sheehan sores 4 15 18
M. Kuhuley and T. Judge +21 21 «21
C. Tritchier and A. Vogel... o+-21 9 21
T. Nicholson and P. Brennan oo 4 21 «19
J. Brosnan and M. Lawless. . 16 21
M. Dunn and T. King.......- 21 2
M. Kubuley and P. Brennan. 21 16
S. Foley and J. Carroll es 6 21
FE. Lynch and T. Hurley....... tis 14 21
F. Shanahan and T. Rooney.............-16 21 19
At Tarrant’s court, Grove and Seventeenth

streets, Jersey City, there was a special match
between John Flaherty and Tom Meackle
against M. O'Keefe and John Howes. The
first game went to O'Keefe and Howes, the
score being 21—15, and they also took the
second, the score being 21-18. Flaherty
and Meackle won the third, 21-18; O'Keefe
and Howes won the final, 2i—19, thereby
securing the stake money, which was $10.

  
 
 

M. O'Keefe and J. Howes... cercoee@h 21 18 31
J. Flaherty and T. Meackle........-++- 15 18 21 19
M.A. Tarrantand Jim Flaherty. ......--. 2t 19 21
T. Foley and P. Wilson.........- o 37 21 17
P. Sullivan and T, Fiynn........- +el7 21 18
P. Walton and J. Pilkington..... ..21. 16 21

+37 16 21
21 21 18
-21 18 21
16 21 19

J. McMahon and H. Pilkington.
P. Edwards and T. Mannion

T. Wagnerand T. O'Keefe....
Pp. O'Brien and J. Fitzgerald. .

J.H. Holland. . he gine sie 16 16° 9
J.. Whalen... Tish ESE eet 21 21 21

Cronin's court, Jersey City was the scene
of a number of well contested matches. One

of the best of these was John Malvey PiAying
J, Cronin and Tom Connors single handed.
Tt was a five game rubber, and though Malvey
played well, the pair beat him by a score of
3 to 2.

John Malvey......
J, Cronin and T. Connors..

16 17 21 21 18
.21. 21 16 18 21

   

 

John Money and J. Ford....... ++-/20 21 21
Fd Kennedy and Jim Money -- 22 61 «19
J, Daly and J. Fox desseeceeeseseteveeal al
P. Slattery and M. Quirk......sesceeeesss- 14
J. Cronin....... RRR seehae 18 21 #15 21
7T. Connors and M. Welsh..... ---21 11 21 «19
T. Griffin and M. Shaughnessy.........-.. .-21 21
T. Curry and J. Fleming....... vevcerisecst® 16
.T. Daly and J, Ford. sevtvccccccoeccrscscalh Of
a}. Sweeney and D. Casey...... cee cece cece eee 18 «14

 

SECOND FIGHT PROBABLE.

Young Corbett Offers to Bet 610,000 He
Can Beat Britt—Winner tn Bad Shape.

San Francisco, March 27.—It looks as
though the disputed question of superiority
between Young Corbett and Jimmy Britt
may be settled shortly by a second fight.
Young Corbett left this morning for New
York, but his manager, Harry Pollock, re-
mained behind and will wait till Tuesday
to try to get Britt to sign articles for another
ficht. He is willing to accept Graney ag
referee, Corbett said to-day:

“I want to fight Britt again. I will fight
him on his own terms. He can name the way
the purse will be split and everything else,
1 will fight him, winner take all or any
other division. J will bet him $10,000 or
any part of it, and here's something I'll tip
off: I'll be favorite in the betting.”

Britt professes to be equally ready to meet
Corbett, but he declares it will be several
weeks before his sore right hand and arm
will permit him to do any work. His arm
is not in as bad shape as after the battle
with Canole, but it is swelled considerably.

Britt does not look like a champion these
days. He was in bed all day yesterday,
nursing his sore arm, and trying to reduce
the swelling of his nose and lips, which were
badly hammered by Corbett, and to get rid
of a discolored eye. His body is also very
sore, and altogether he is the worst used up
ghampion who ever came out of the ring
ere

On the contrary Corbett has no mark on
him, except a cut over his right eye, where
Britt's head hit him when they came to-
gether in clinching. ‘The sports are atill sore
over the decision, which the great majority
say should have been a draw (Graney is
suffering because of the decision. Even
his own wife told him he wasn’t fair

 

 

Middies Win in Fenetng Competition.

ANNAPOLIS, Md, March 27.—The last of
the series of preliminary fencing matches
before the intercollegiate tournament took
place at the Naval Academy to-day. The
contestants were a team composed of three
midshipmen and a like team representing
the Washington Fencing Club and Annapolis
won by seven bouts to two. Copt. Neilson
of Annapolis carried off first honors, winning
all three of bis bouts, and Breckenridge
scored the only two bouts for the Washing-
tonians. The teama were: Washington —
Messrs Breckenridge, Babbitt and Cop-
pings Annapolis—Midshipmen Neilson, Knox

Dichman. ,

 

FOREIGN GOLFERS FOR FAIR.

ENGLISH PLAYERS WILL COM-
PETE IN TOURNAMENT. -

 

 

Robert Maxwell, the Amateur Champion,
Among Those Who Will Strive for
Olympic Honors at St. Louls—Sand-
wich Links and the American Ball,

Robert Maxwell, just now the amateur
champion, J. L. Low, the Hunters, H. Ww.
Severidge, A. J. I. Bramston, and others
of the noted players of Great Britain, accord.
{ng to A. B. Lambert of the world's fair
golf committee, are to come over An the sum-
mer and play in the Olyinpic golf champion
shipatSt. Louis. Lambert has been travelling
in England in the interests of the exposition,
at least the golf end of it, and he has been de-
lighted to find how many of the players have
planned for a trip to St. Louis. He is now
in Paris,

Another English news item fs that Harry
Vardon is out of the rest cure establishment
and in Jersey for a holiday, before making
ready to defend his title as open champion.
in May. Sandwich is the long driver's para-
dise, but the fear is spreading that the new
ball will compel a change of the distances,
which is impossible for the pending events
in May. That excessive driving is no longer
essential will be good news to more than:one

of the Americans who are to try for the ama-
teur championship. <A plan to offset the gain
to the poorer drivers is furnished in field
of March 19, as follows:

As thls 1s the first occasion since the Introduction
of the American rubber core ball among us when
the championships fall to be decided at Sandwich
It will be really instructive for the general body of
golfers outside these Important competitions to
note the effect of the new ball in overtaking the
severe carries off the tee. Sandwich was originally
laid out by Its founders as & long driver's course—
that Is to say, the player who could drive a con-
sistently long ball off the tee had always the ad-
vantage as far as the long game was concerned.
In the earller days of the course, and when the
gutta ball was in universal use, there were two
carries provided at the majority of the tees, A
blue peter perched on the top of 4 bunker Indicated
the ine which the moderate driver would best
consult the tuterest of bis game by taking, while
a red flag on an entnence to the right aud further
ahead was the line for all those who were not only
proud of thelr ability to carry anything and every-
thing, but who were, above all, confideut in thelr
skill and nerve to do sv.

The late Mr. F, G. Tait, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Rall and
many of the leading professionals who were by no
means short or uncertain drivers have been heard
to complain of the enormous carries from the tee
which the Sandwich course entailed upon every
competitor from what were known as the cham-
plonship tees. It is true that Douglas Rolland
and a few mighty swipers of the same class revelled
In these heavy carries; but 60 great was the strain
on the majority of other players that In later days
the tees were somewhat shortened. The new
ball, however, ought to make a difference. Every-
body claims that its use adds twenty yards to the
drive, and much controversy has taken place in
respect of one objection to the rubber core ball,
that It has shortened even the longest of golf courses
and eliminated the approach shot as & matter of
general practice, A very good test, therefore
of the better carrying power of the American ball
compared with the gutta ball ought to be afforded
by the Sandwich pomperltlens by going back to
the original championship tees. The longer carries
ought now to be within the compass of the ina-
jority. of amateurs and Pro enna sew aye
provided that the !mprovement conferred on the
driver of the new ball Is real and substantial, and
not purely imaginary.

Princeton follows Columbia with an early
announcement of team matches, the dates
being: April 22, at Richmond County Country
Club; April 30, at Baltusrol Golf Club; May
7, at Englewood Golf Club and May 14, at
Essex County Country Club, Two matches
will be played with Yale and one with Har-
vard on the days of the baseball matches.
The class captains will be: ‘04. J. W. Baker;
‘03, Frank Reinhart; ‘06, Louis James,
‘o7, H. J. Gee.

The selection of the week of Oct. 10 for the
women's championship at Merion by the
U.S. G, A. was a concession to the New York
and Chicago players, as both Philadelphia
and Boston wanted June. The date and P ace
had been chosen for the individual cham-
pion ship of the Philadelphia Women's Golf
Association, and in consequence, at a meeting
held on Saturday, the individual champion-
ship has been fixed for the week of Oct. 25,
at the Philadelphia Country Club.

 

W. C. Fownes, Jr., winner at the Atlantio
City tournament last week, is expected to
be a starter in the open tournament of the
Lakewood Country Clubon Friday and Satur-
day, which will be an opportunity for George
T. Brokaw and John Moller, Jr., neither of
whom could go on to Atlantic city, to try
their strength with him. After Fownes had
made the new record of 73 in the qualifying
round last fall at Atlantic City, Brokaw beat
him out in the final for the first cup, but since
then the two have not met. The Lakewood
Country Club tournament of this week is
regarded as a preliminary to the regular
spring tournament on April 20, 21 and 23.

FIGHTING NEWS ABROAD.

George Dixon Loses Decision—Chance for
American Lightwetghts.

George Dixon's persistent boxing of late
has evidently had its effect on him, for ac-
cording to the London Sporting Life of March
8 the wonderful negro was defeated on points
in a fifteen round bout with Cockney Cohen
of Leeds. This was the third meeting be-
tween the pair,and as Dixon had easily shown
his superiority in the previous essays his
friends naturally expected him to beat Cohen.
But Dixon was far from being himself when
he entered the ring. He seemed stale and
weak and showed signs of increasing years.
On the other hand, Cohen was strong and
active and outpointed Dixon two to one.
Cohen punched Dixon about the face and
body, and the colored man‘a well known
cleverness did not help him any. In fact
Dixon had nodevil in him, and the infighting
for which he is noted was conspicuous by
its absence. Those who saw the combat
agree that Dixon has been doing too much
gruelling lately and needs a rest.

The much advertised fight between Andrew
Tokell of London, who fought Harry Forbes
in this country for the bantam title, and
Owen Moran of Birmingham, was decided
on March 7 at the Wonderland, Whitechapel,
London. The battle was for 8500 a side and
the bantam championship of the north of Eng-
land. They met for fifteen rounds, and at
the termination of the go Moran waa de-
clared the winner. Moran was justly en-
titled to the verdict, although he had no
easy thing ofitby any means. Intheeleventh
round Moran put Tokell down for the full
count with a right hand swing flush on the
jaw. Moran, whois only 21 years old, is looked
upon as a likely fellow. After a few more
fights in England he intends to visit America.

Bobby Dobbs is evidently having con-
siderable ill luck in England just now.
Dobbs's latest mill was with Jack Bayle
of Birmingham, at Birmingham, on Mare
7. They fought ten rounds, and Bayley wag
the winner on points. Dobbs did all the
work early in the fight, but was outclassed
toward the end. There were many present
who figured that the worst that Dobbs should
have received was a draw.

There is a good chance for American light-
weights in England, if a belt emblematic of
this class and worth 250 guineas offered
by Harry Jacobs of the Wonderland, amounts
to anything. Jacobs says that besides the
belt he will give good money prizes and pay
part of the expenses of pugilists from this
country. Jacobs's idea is to settle the quer-
tion as to who really is the English ight.
weight champion.

Jack Clancey of San Francisco, who has
made a very good impression in England,
is after. a fight with Jabez White. Clancey is
liberal in his offer toward White. He agrees
to meet the Englishman for 8500 a side, open
to $2,500 a side. for any number of rounds up
to twenty, which must be limited to three
minutes each, for the largest purse offered,
the National Sporting Club. preferred, In
support of this challenge Clancey has de-
posited $25 with the Sporting Life.

The recent challenge from Tommy Murphy
of the New Polo A. C., to fight any 118-pounder
in SEA glance has brought a response from
several ambitious lads. Among the first to
answer was Owen Moran. Moran says that
he will meet the Ameriein on any reasonable
terms and only asks Murphy to post a for-
feit. This is what Murphy will do. Yester-
day his manager, Johnny Oliver, aaid that
he would send $100 to the Sporting Life at
once to bind a match, Murphy would like to
visit England this spring, but unless the
mill can be arranged at once such a procedure
is out of the question. However, he has
hopes of facing Moran some time in the fall.

Jewry Cook, the well known English middle-
weight boxer, who was in London for some
time, has sailed for South Africa, where he
has arranged to meet several champions of
that country in the near future.

An interesting bout took place before the
Fung Pong Club, Camden Town, the other
night, between Tom Merck and Harvey Green-
field of London, a nephew of the late Alf
Greenfield. Young Greenfield has been some
time at the business, having met such well
known boxers_as Ben Jordan, Spike Sulli-
van and Tom Ireland, Greenfield and Mack
were to have had it out for fifteen rounds
and the result was a victory for Greenfield

 

 

|

SES ee

 

ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS.

Development of Henry the First, the Derby
Favorite—General Gossip.

With the Linooinshire and Grand National
things of the past, turfgoers now turn
their attention to the Two Thousand Guin-
eas and Derby, For the blue ribbon Henry
the First yet holds premier attention, but
what he will do with regard to the Two
Thousand nobody can tell. A short time
ago it was reported that Henry would
not start in the Guineas, but the rumor
has not beén confirmed, and afterall he may
go to the post for the event.

Among the critics it is well known that
horses of Henry's line of breeding do not
progress well in the winter months and are
tardy in rounding into shape in spring~
time; and on this account great curiosity
is felt over the present condition of the
Derby favorite. A couple of weeks ago
a special commissioner from the Sportaman
went down to Green Lodge, where the
animal is quartered, and was allowed to
have a look at him by Trainer Gilbert.
“We kept him going ever since The Dew-
hurst Plate last year,” said Gilbert, as he
opened the door of Henry's box, and the
critic continued: “I was glad to hear it,
for I do like a right bred one to have every
chance, and here was a colt who palpably
needed to be kept going.

“Never have I seen one come on more
rapidly during the winter, and the only
possible trouble I can foresee is in getting
sucha burly customer fit early in the season.

“Henry the First is a wonder in theold-
fashioned, low, lengthy style, with legs and
feet such as are seldom seen. Indeed, the
trouble will clearly be to get him suffi-
ciently forward for the Two Thousand
Guineas without undue hurry. He is a
splendid ‘doer’ and all such, if they are
sound, thrive on work. His head, ears
and the setting on at the neck are pecu-
liar, but outside that he is a model that
would serve for a sculptor. Hehas a perfect
temper and a neck on him like Job’s war-
horse, ‘clothed in thunder,’ as hard as a
board, and showing to the full an ample
and vigorous constitution.

“I had every opportunity to look him
over and am satisfied that he will do a
good deal more than maintain his two-
year-old form. Indeed, he has come out
just as I hoped and expected he would,
and, taking him as practically a certainty
against all the English contingent, St.
Amant and Fiance notwithstanding, I am
also quite satisfied to stand him against
the impending invasion of the Flying Fox
colts, though I confess that the very name
of Flying Fox in this connection is alarm-
ing, and Ajax, at any rate, may be dan-
gerous. Henry the First stands 16 hands
%4 inch, though he does not look like his
height. He girths no less than 73 inches
and measures 8% inches below the knee.
He has never been known to leave an oat.”

Some time ago followers of the turf both
in America and England were stirred by
an interview credited to John Huggins,
trainer for the late William C. Whitney,
after his return from England In _ this
interview Huggins had a fling at English
owners, trainers and everything in general,
and said that Englishmen were jealous of
American success and American methods
on English soil, and so on. Of course,
Higgins saw the article, which was published
in more Latgehy than one, yet henever con-
tradicted it on this side of the water. A
little while ago, however, in writing to
Jake Pincus at Newmarket, Huggins re-
ferred to the article thus: “I did not say
anything of the kind; it is all rot.” This
denial has created a good impression at
Newmarket, where the accuracy of the
reported interview was always doubted.

he death is announced of Capt. the Hon.
Reginald Ward, one of the most prominent
cross-country steeplechase jockeys of the
resent day. He was fourth son of the
ate Earl Dudley and brother of Lord Dud-
ley, the present Viceroy of Ireland. Born
on June 11, 1874, he early evinced a Jove of
the chaser, and after leaving Eton when
he was 20 years of age entered the Royal
Horse Guards. When only 18 he rode his
first race at a country meeting, but his
first winning mount of note was on Cathal
for Mr. Atkinson, at the Sandown meetin
of 1895. A short time after he purchase
this chaser and rode him in the Grand
National of 1896, securing fifth place. In
1897 he made a mistake at the last fence
and was put out oftherace. He tried again
with Cathal in 1898 and made a close second
to Drogheda, the last fence once more
proving his aummoling block. When the
er war broke out Capt. Ward went to
South Africa with his regiment and was
twice mentioned in despatches for bravery,
receiving the Distinguished Service Order.
During his racing career he rode 270 races,
out of which number he won sixty-eight,
not a bad record for an amateur of a few
years experience, Capt. Ward's death was
caused by an operation for appendicitis

A remarkable feature of this year's train-
ing season in and about Newmarket is
the absence of touts. Crawling along
ditches, climbing trees, and here and there
digging holes among the furzes, all came
into their category in watching trials,
but euch things are all done, and the tout
has gone with them, seen just here and
there. It seems the public has now be-
come the suppotier of the turf, and the
columns of horses’ work in the various
journals devoted to such things are con-
tributed by legitimate turf writers. Trials
of the horses take place in full view of
those who happen to be there, and the
work is reported as it is seen, free from
the corruption of olden days and without
the least attempt to get behind the scenes,
After all, of course, the secret of the trial,
the weight and other things lies with the
trainers, but the newspaper men only do
their duty between what they have seen
and the public as honorably as they can.
Mistakes on form occur now and again,
but it appears that all are satisfied at that.

The desecration of the Sabbath day
by sportsmen is once more agitated in
England, and attention is called to the
growing evil by some eminent clergy-
men and the puritanical end of the press.
On the other hand, the common sense crowd
aver that in no country in the world is
the Sabbath more religiously observed
than in England. There is no hunting,
racing or athletic sports, and very little
rowing, football and kindred sports. But
it is argued that people cannot lock them-
rselves in a garretaltogether, and in the
current number of Sporting Life “Old Blue”
makes the following comment:

“This country, though surnamed in grim
pleasantry Merrie England, is not naturally
a cheerful abodes. 't is difficult at times
to know when the sun shines—if ever it
shines at all. ‘ihe little street Arab who,
when questioned, gave as hia defluition
of heaven a large backvard where there
is plenty of room to play, had plenty of
reason on his side. ere are millions
of laborers and working men, moreover,
who toil day in and day out from Monday,
morming to Saturday afternoon without
getting the slightest chance for any sort
of recreation. Shall these be stopped
from getting freeh air and physical exer-
cise on the only day they are free? Easy
chair and drawing room criticism is very
excellent in theory. Those who wor
thus must, of course, have their dav of rest
and recreation some day in the week. And
a Sunday spent in placid and healthy en-
jovment implies no derogation from its
religious significance. No Sunday could
have its real completeness as a dav of rest
if allrecreation is to be tabooed, The very
large number of English people who now
visit museums, picture galleries, &c., on
Sunday show conclusively that it is a real
need to which they minister.”

The annual lacrosse match between
Oxford and Cambridge was played at Lords
on March 12. The weather was raw and
cold and the ground soft and in Tr condi-
tion, yet the play was pretty lively through-
out. In the end Cambridge won by the
comfortable margin of 10 goals to 4 for
Oxford.

Scotland and Ireland met for the inter-
national match of field hockey at Belfast
on March 5. In the first half the Scotch-
men Payee well and held the Irishmen
fairly. fter change of sides the men from

 

in the seventh. In this dG the land o' cakes went to pieces and the
to his rival's jay Seen recat fe | Irishroen scored at will. finally
Enocked Nin outwith Sears the chin, ‘won by 8 goals to L, —

RT TT ERE SET EY NE NNT IT te OI ae es 5 merce

——

MOUNTED COP STOPS RUNAWA

IN A

 

SPEEDWAY SPORT OPENS
THRILLING MANNER.

Ambitious Bay Cob Breaks Reins and
Makes a Mad Dash Along the Drive
—Road in Fatr Condition, but Little
Speeding—Honors for the Pacer Fred W.

Cold, cloudy weather, with an occasional
snowflake to remind one of the departing
winter, did not dampen the ardor of the crowd
at Speedway Park yesterday. The drive
was in passable condition for the first time
this season, and it was the first time since last
November that a horse had been seen at
speed to a wagon over the noted course, The
fact that the road was good yesterday came
as a surprise, but it was no less welcome, and
a crowd of spectators that filled the walks
from the viaduct to High Bridge grew en-
thusiastic over the short;sharp contests of the
afternoon.

The most trifling occurrence of the day
was not on the card of sport. It was an
exciting runaway that for a time threatened
the occupants of the wagon and others in the
crowded street with disaster. Only the
prompt and efficient work of a member of
the mounted police squad prevented serious
consequences

J@on Tuchmann of 302 road way accom.
panied by a friend, was driving a well behaved
my cob when the excitement of a passing
brush imbued the park type of horse with a
desire to join in the fray. He seemed to
be well under control, however, when suddenly
both reins parted and the short ends attached
to the bits fell forward and were dragging
on the ground. The useless hand pieces
were drawn into the wagon and the owner sat
helpless

Acry of horror went up from the crowd
and the horse, free from all restraint, dashed
away down the stretch toward the crowd
that had passed him and put him on his met-
tle. Mounted Policeman Murphy was sta-
tioned about half way between High Bridge
and the macadam, and he gave chase to the
runaway almost before the echo of the first
shout resounded froin the cliffs. :

The horse he rode responded with a will
and before the running horse, handicapped
by the wagon and two occupants, had got
fairly in his stride Murphy was alongside
and had calmly gathered the broken reins
so that he had an even bearing on the bit.
Then, with but little effort, the pace of eac
horse was gradually slackened until the
runaway was brought to a stop as aveey
as the owner could have done it had he re-
mained in control,

Owing to the fact that no one expected the
course to be in condition for speeding but
few had come in wagons suited for brushin
yet all were so eager fora spin that weight 0
vehicle was ina measure put aside, Thomas
Greenbaum, behind the chestnut pacer Isaac
Davenport and William Minnerly, with the
bay trotter Occidental, had a epirited brush,
and the pacer won, Then. Occidental was
sent one brush against the bay pacer James
C., driven by James Campbell, and again
Panne: speed proved too fast for the trotting
gait.

Alexander Frankenstein had the Grand
Circuit pacer Fred W., 2:08, harnessed to a
runabout wagon, but the Boston crack han-
dled it so well that he quite carried off the
speed honors of the afternoon,

A. A. U. BOXING BOUTS.

Preliminaries of Nattonal Champlonships
Held at Boston.

Boston, March 27.—The preliminary bouts
{n the National A. A. U. boxing championships
were held in Mechanics’ Hall last night.
Seventeen matches were fought, leaving
the winners to compete in the finals to-mor-
row night. There were two surprises in
the bouts, T. Hennessy of Cambridge, the
New England amateur champion in the 115-
pound class being dfeated by A. Daven-
port of Cambridge, and J. L. Flynn, holder
of the New England title in the 135-pound
class, being whipped by Al Britt of Boston.
The winners in the respective classes were:

105-Pound Class—J. O'Brien, Cambridge;

 

M.

Conroy, South Boston; M. J.’ McClusky, Read-
ville,
115-Pound Class—A. Davenport, Cambridge;

Wille Cornell, Lowell; Jerry Casey, Boston; Al
Heuser, Roxbury, and Tom Stone, New York.
125-Pound Class—F. F. Fitzpatrick, South Bos-

ton.
185-Pound Class—Edward Lester, Cambridge: A
Britt, Boston, and Gollath Jones, Cambridge.
145-Pound Class—H. J. McQuirk, South SSaton
Be a smc uneri South Boston, and C. T. Mitchell,
altham.
158-Pound Class—W. J. Rodenbach, New York.

 

Cross-Country Running.

The National A. C. runners journeyed
out to Maspeth, L. 1, yesterday and from’
there covered a circuit of about six miles.
The going was good and dry, and all the run-

ners finished in good shape. . A. McKeever
was the first man home J. McKennett was
second and H. J. Hatten third. The time

was 41 minutes 30 seconds

About fifty athletes gathered at the Jerome
Hotel at 177th street and Jerome avenue,
and indulged in a practice run as a sort of
preparation for the Pastime A. C. run next
Sunday. The leaders finished as follows:

P. Soutar, Jr., Pastime A. C
F. P. Deviin, Mott Haven A. C
H. W. Schell, Star A, C

M. Spring, Pastime A. C..
J. H. Kelly, Pastime A. C
J.C. Lynch, Pastime A. C..
C. Andrews, Xavier A. A.....
Tim O'Connor, Pastime A. C

 

 
 
   
 
 
   
  

 

F. A. Rodgers, Mohawk A. C.......: sieescvent
H. Goldberg, St. Bartholomew A. C,..........
J. Rellly, Xavier A. A sesboersebesece

D. J. Brennan, Pastime A. C........
J. MeAvoy, St. Bartholomew A. O..
W. Batley. Mohawk A. C.
Hy MAPK UN; SeCltV ics cr cittacscees
L. P. Kobner, Pastime A. C.......scccssccvess
C. Halss, St. Bartholomew A. C.......
G. Watson, Xavier A. A
Retts, Young Men's Club
. O'Retlly, Young Men's Clu
A. P. Hunt, Young Men's Club
J. FE. Elsy, Mohawk A.C......
J. Chapman, Mohawk A. C.
. Arens, Star A.C...
S. Jascosy, Boys’ Club.......... Occecsecccrens

Base-

Ux

 

ow

SRRSRRSERSRRRRRRRESREREREX
SSISSRSSSScUSeseSBlSs._.eesse

 

New York University Freshman
ball Schedule.

The freshman baseball team of New York
University gives promise of being the strong-
est that has represented the university in
several years. G. Belcher has been elected
eaptain and has had a good size squad at
work for several days.

Manager Van Horn has arranged the fol-
lowing schedule:

April 2, Pratt Institute, at Ohlo Field: 18, Dewitt
Clinton, at Ohfo Field; 23, Columbla Freshmen, at
Ohio Field; 30, Brooklyn H. §.. in Brooklyn; May 7,
Trinity School, at Columbia Oval; 11, Morris H- S.,
at 161st street; 14, Yonkers H. S., at Yonkers; 18,
Jersey City H. S., at Ohlo Field; 25, De La Salle, at
Ohio Field.; 28, Morris Academy, at Morristown.

 

Baseball Notes.

The Jefferson A. C., sem!-professional, would
like to hear from out of town teams having their
own grounds and offering suitable inducements,
Address H, Hunt, 1240 Park avenuc, Hoboken, N. J.

The Lunham & Moore Baseball Club bas been
organized for the season and ts open for chal-
lenges from teams In the trade for Saturday after-
noons. Address Thomas H. Irving, 461 Produce
Exchange, Manhattan. ;

The Palisades Fleld Club of Palisades, N. y.
would Ike to hear from some good a:nateur teams
wanting games for Saturday afternoon or holl-
days during the coming season. Address S. A,
Brown, Palisades, N. Y.

The Northvale F. C. has reorganized for the
coming season and would be pleased to hear from
al} first class seml-professtonal clubs offering a
sultable guarantee. Address Edward Doyle, North -
vale F. C., 2583 Elghth avenue.

The Skellys will open the season next
with the Original Superbas of
The Skellys are ready to book
during the week. Address
676 Johnson avenue, Brooklyn.

The Niantic baseball team will in the future
be known as the Royal Glants. The club will
lay dally during the season and would like to
from all clubs for dates after July 31. Address
James E. Boone, 170 Myrtle avenue, Brooklyn,

The team of the State Bank Is ready to meet
In friendly contest, any and all teams representing
banks, banking houses and mercantile concerns
playing Saturday afternoons. Games to be layed
at Prospect Park, Hrooklyn. Address W. Menin
Watson, 876 Grand street.

The New York Field Club Is now arranging its
schedule and \t has 4 few open dates still remain -
Ing that !t would Hike to close with first class out
of town teams within 500 miles of New York offer-
Ing a suitable guarantec. Address Harry Wallum
680 Fast Eleventh strect, :

The Fiehth Untted States Infantry baseball
team at Fort Jay has organized for the season and
would like to hear from teams within 150 miles
of New York wishing a good drawing card for
povaheey, aug san Any Pee maces Yared Fh
3ump, Secon “Ulenant, ghth Infantry, Fo:
Jay, Governors Island. ee Sas

The Harlem River Baseball Club, com
of employees of the New York, New Haven one
Hartford Railroad would like to hear from teams
representing the various railroad companies enter-
ing In New York for Saturday afternoon and holl-
day games. Address W. M. Lee, care of New
York, New Haven and Hartford Rallroad, Haslem
River, N. Y.

The Columbla Freshman Baseball schedu
follows: April #, Poly Prep at Washington ne
18, Horace Mann at South Ficld: 16, De La Salle
at South Field; 29, Adelphi Academy at Adelphi
Tield; 23, New Vork University Freshmen at Obto
Field; 20, Barnard School at South Field; 80, Betts
Academy at Stamford; May 4, Morris Academy
at Morristown; 7. Brooklyn Boys’ High School
at Adelph Fleid; 11, New York Military Academy
at Comwall; 14, Yale Freshmen at New Haven;
pi canvene Freshmen at Franklin Field,

Sunda
South Brookiyn,
ames out of town
omas W. Skelly,

FS as rar te

PIANOS AND. ORGANS,

WATERS
PIANOS

The high reputation which the
Waters Pianos have maintained
for Sixty Years will be increased
by the new Waters Pianos of
1904, They are marvels of sweetness
and beauty in tone and appearance.
Send postal for catalogue with net
prices and the Waters S-Year
System of Payments.

HORACE WATERS & CO.,
134 Fifth Ave., near [8th St.

Harlem Branch (Open Evenings),
254 West 125th St. near 8th Ave.

 

 

 

 

CLEARING SALE FOR MARCH

 

46 pasT MWVH ST.
Upright, taken in trade. Rates
Upright, celebrated maker.....
188 NEWARK AV., JERSE
Upright, used by artists.
Upright, was $575, now..
603 BROAD S&

 
  
  
  
 
      

ts...

 

 

  

Upright, slightly used by ar ane . 190
Upright, taken In trade, celebrated maker...... 135
§38-40 FULTON ST., BROOKLYN.
Upright, was $625...........s.cesseees trteeeee + 260
Upright, famous maker. .......6.e-sc eee nee 125
Sauarecplanos igri evenvasrercnes , $30, $40

THE PIANOTIST.

The Invisible Plano Player. Plays any plano.

Any. one can play It. Cash or Installments. Re-

citals dally. Warerooms, 128 5th av., near 19th st.
Both are Uprights,

$99 Little used. (Mahogany.) $135

BIDDLE PIANO CO., 6 West 125th Street.

JACOB BROTHERS’ PIANOS,

perfect and lastin Satisfaction.
21 EAST 14TH STREET.

CAREFUL PIANO BUYERS WILL VISIT

JAMES & HOLMSTROM, 28 East 14th St.

errs reteeete

SMALL PIANOS FOR SMALL ROOMS,

MATHUSHEK & SON, B'WAY, Cor. 47th ST.

 

 

(This Week's Bargains)

 

Give

 

 

 

 

 

 

RELIABLE CONNOR PIANO for aale and rent
Easy terms. Repairing, Excbanging, 4 East 42d.

THE PLACE FOR PIANO BARGAINS IS
JACOB BROS.', 487 FULTON ST., BROOKLYN,

 

HORSES AND CARRIAGES.

Latest Spring Designs
Fine Carriages
Moderate . Prices.
BUILT TO WEAR.
QUALITY GUARANTEED
WILLIAM H. GRAY’S.

 

(Established 1867.)
VAN TASSELL & KEARNEY’S
Auction Sales
OF HORSES AND CARRIAGES
ARE HELD REGULARLY EVERY
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY,
(Commencing at 10 o'clock)
AT THEIR HORSE AUCTION MART
130 and 132 East 13th St.
Between Third and Fourth Aves., New York.
Catalogues ready morning of each sale. Pur-
chasers will always find a large and |nteresting list
to select from.
Those desiring to sell can make entries at
any time up toS P. M. the day before the sale.

 

 

A.—Handsome, attractive, young, sound, rell-
able Aarne and runabout Cob; also Kentucky bred ;
saddle Cob; has all the galts; also fast trotter,
2:15, and children's Pony; elegant Brewster
Brougham, Victoria, Station Wagon, family Sur-
rey (seats four), Lenox Trap, Stivers Runabout,
Speeding Wagon; all rubber tired; single and double
Harness, Ani poriag Haley Saddles, kubes, blankets,
Riding Habit, Liveries, Matting, Fixtures; no cash
offers refused. PRIVATE STABLE, 65 Madison
av., near 27th.

BIG SALE OF HARNESS & HORSE
BLANKETS.
One Walp to every Harness purchaser this week.
Buggy Harness, 6.50; extra quality, 11.00 & 13.00,
xtra yea ys Breast Collar Harness, big Bargain,
16.00; Light Business Harness, 18.00; Extra Heavy,
21.00; Double Farm Harness, 21.00. Lined Stable
Blankets, 80 cents. Square Street Blankets, 1.00.
PETERS HARNESS & SADDLERY Co.,
88 West Broadway, near Chambers St., up stairs.

THE BEST PLACE

to bu
CARRIAGES ‘AND HARNESS.
Station Wagons a Spectalty.
WM. R. BISHOP, 36 Warren St,
Up-to-Date Goods,
MODERATE PRICES.

FOR SALE—A finely bred bronze ch. gelding;
height, about 15.8; age, 6 years; natural high action;
thoroughly klod and gentle: a fine horse for vic-
toria. &c.; can be seen at 205 East 38th st.
MARTIN FITZSIMMONS, coachman.

BUSINESS WAGONS, BEST, LARGEST AS-
SORTMENT, CITY OR COUNTRY USE, LOW-
EST PRICES; BEST INDUCEMENTS; INSPEC-
anor MUTUAL WAGON CO., 542

BUSINESS WAGONS, $2.50 WEEKLY PAY-
MENTS; ALSO FURNITURE VANS, AT BED-
FORD WAGON WORKS, 754-760 BEDFORD
AV. oi TEL. 1311 WILLIAMS-

 

ts

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BICYCLES,

Arn nnn nnn

BICYCLE SLAUGHTER SALE <ov

Columbias, Clevelands, Spalding, Stearns,
Barnes, Tribunes, Orlents, Etc., $5.00 to $15.00:
just one-third value; 5,000 High-grade Tires, 50c.,
75c., $1.00, $1.25; Bars, Saddies, Lamps, Pedals,
half cost.

New 19044 MERKEL MOTORCYCLES, $150.
Orients, Relays, Royals, others, very CHEAP.

E. J. WILLIS cO., § PARI PLACE, *

BASEBALL.

 

 

 

 

New York Nationals Nearing the End of |
Southern Tour.

BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March 27.-The New
York Nationals’ training season here is draw-
ing to a close. McGraw and his team will
leave Birmingham on Tuesday night. The
big and little leaguers will play to-morrow
and again on Tuesday

From Birmingham the New Yorks go to
Little Rock, Ark., for a couple of games with
the local team there. They have three games
scheduled at Nashville after playing the
Little Rocks and will then go to Montgomery
for three games. All of these cities are in
the Southern League circuit and are said to
have stronger clubs than Birmingham.
From Montgomery McGraw will take his
stars home to New York, arriving at the
Metropolis on April 7. They are scheduled
at the Polo Grounds for a game with Yale on
April 9, which will inaugurate the annual
pro-season exbibition series

Mathewson will pitch to-morrow for New
York, and will probably be assisted by Dummy |
Taylor. On the next day Milligan and Ames
will be tried, and it is probable that MeGin-
nity will get a few innings to work out

A deal is on between the Birmingham and
New York clubs for Piteher Minahan's re-
lease on a farming proposition. Manager
O'Brien_of the local aggregation is hot after
the ex-Manhattan College twirler

 

New York Americans Shift Thetr Quarters
to New Orleans.

ATLANTA, March 27.—Manager Griffith
and his New York Americans are now en route
to New Orleans. They will stay there a
week, playing four games. Owing to cool
and rainy days here last week, the team did
not get all the work it expected to, but is

retty well along in condition for all that,
he weather on the whole having been ex-
cellent for the practice. The team could
pump in and play hard to-morrow if necessary
put Brmtos wants a ent of warm weather
n New Orleans to put the finishing to
on the team's training, yarn

POST OFFICE.
POST OFFIOB NOTICE.

(Should be read DAILY by all Interestea, as
changes may occur at any thme,)

Forelgn maltis for the w ending April 2, 1004,
will close (PROMPTLY tn cases) at the General
Post Office as follows; PARCELS-POST MAILS
close one hour earlier than cloging time shown be.

low, Parcels-Post mails for Germany elose at §
P, M. Friday, per steamship Pennsylvania.

 

~~

 

Regular and Supplementary malls close at For.
elgn Station (corner of West and Morton Streets)
half hour later then Slo aE time shown below
(except that Supplementary Malls for Murope and
Central America, via Colon, close one hour later
at Foreign Station),

TRANSATLANTIC MAILS,

TUESDAY.—At 6:80 A. M. for EUROPE, per steam.
ship Kalser Wilhelm der Grosse, vila Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Bremen; at ’:30 A.M. for ITALY
direct, per Steamship Ligurla (mall nmiust be
directed “per steamship Ligura"),

WEDNESDAY t 6.90 A, M. for EUROPE, per
Steamship Majestic. via Quecustown; at S:%
A. M. for ITALY direct, per steamship Clita
di) Milano (mat) must be directed “per steain-
ship Clita di Milano"),

THURSDAY. At 7A. M. for FRANCE, SWITZER.
LAND, ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, TUR.
KEY, 4GYPT, GREECE aod BRITISH InbI A,
Pee Steamship La Gascogne, via Havre (mat)
or other parts of kurope must be directed
“per steamship La Gascogae"),

SATUKDAY,—At 3:30 A. M. for IRELAND, per
steamship Etruria, vila Queensiown (mall for
other parts of Europe must be directed “per
steamship Etrurta’); at 6 A. M. for EUROP,

er steamship St. Louls, Via Plymouth and Cher
ourg; at 7:30 A. M. for SCOTLAND direct,
per steamship Columbla (mail must be di
rected “per steamship Columbia”); at 8:30 A. M,
for BELGIUM direct, Pen steamship Finland
(mall must be directed “per steamship Fin
land"); at 8:30 A. M. for ITALY direct, per
steamship Princess Irene (mall must be di
rected “per steamship Princess Irene’).

 

 

After the closing of the Supplementary Trans
Atlantic Malls named above, additlonal Sup
plementary Malls are opened on the plers of
the Amc Hoan, English, Freneh and German

6leamers, and remain open until) within Ten

Minutes of the hour of salling of steamer.

 

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA,
WEST INDIES, &C.

MONDAY.—At 8 A. M. for BEXML DA, per steam.
ship Pretoria.

TUESDAY.—At_ 9:30 A. M. (supplementary 10:90
A. M,) for CENTRAL AM&RiCA (except Costa
Rica) and SOUTH PACIFIC FORTS, per steam
ship Alllanca, Via Colon (mail for Guatemala
must be directed “per steamship. Alilanca"”);
‘t 1 P.M. for BRAZIL, per steamship Moorish
Prinee, via Pernambuc», Rlo Janciro and Santos
(mail for Northern Brazil, Argentine, Uruguay
and Paraguay must be directed “per steamship
Moorish Prince”).

THURSDAY.—At8 A. M. for CUBA, per steamship
Montereye (mall for Mexico, yila Progreso,
Campeche and Vera Cruz must be directed
Bree steamship Monterey"); at 9 A. M. for
MAYAGUEZ (ordinary mall only), per steam
ship Mae (ordinary mati for other parts of
Porto Rico must be directed “per steamship
Mae"); at i2 M. for MEXICO, per steamsiip
Matanzas, via Tampico (mail must be directed
“per steamship Matanzas"); at 1:30 P.M, for
ARGENTINE, URUGUAY and PARAGUAY,
er steamship Soldier I rince,

FRIDAY.—At 12 M. (supplementary 12:30 P. M))
for BAHAMAS, per steamship Orizaba (mail
for Santlago must be directed “per steam-
ship Orizaba”).

SATURDAY.—At 8 A. M. for BERMUDA, per
steamship Trinidad; at 9A. M. for ARGENTINE,
URUGUAY and PARAGUAY, per steamship
Tropic: at 8:30 A. M. (supplementary 9:30 A.M)
for PORTO RICO, CURACAO and VENEZUF-
LA, per steamship Caracas (mail for Savan|ila
and Caratagena must be directed “per steam-
ship Caracas”): at 9:30 A. M. (supplementary
10:30 A. M.) for FORTUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA,
SAVANILLA, CARTAGENA and GREYTOWN,
per steamship Alta! (mail for Costa Rica must
e directed “per steamship Altai”); at 9:30 A.
M. (supplementary 10:30 A. M.) for HAITI and
SANTA MARTA, per steamship Adirondack:
at 10 A. M. for CUBA, per steamship Morro
Castle, via Havana; at 12:30 P. M. for CUBA,
per steamship Fashoda, via Matanzas (mall
must be directed “per steamship Fashoda’),

MAILS FORWAKDIFD OVERLAND, &C., EXCEPT
TRANSPACIFIC.

CUBA.—Via Port Tampa, Florida, closes at this
office daily, except Thursday, at §5:30 A. M.
(the connecting malls close here on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays.)

MEXICO CITY.—Overland, unless specially ad-
dressed for despatch by steamer, closes at this
office daily, except Sunday. at 1:30 P. M. and
10:30 P. M. Sundays at 1:00 P. M. and 10:30

P.M.

NEWFOUNDLAND.—By rall to North. Sydney,
and thence by_steamer, closes at this office
dally at 6:30 P. M. (connecting matls close
here every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday.

JAMAICA.—By rail to Boston, and thence by
Bisa mer closes at this office at 6:30 P. M. every
Friday.

MIQUELON.—By rall to Boston, and thence b
steamer, closes at this office dally at 4:30 P,
BELIZF, PUERTO CORTEZ and GUATEMALA.—
By rail to New Orleans, and thence by steamer,
closes at this office daily, except Sunday, at
$1.30 P. M. and $10.90 P. M., Sundays at $1:00
P. M. and 10:30 P. M. (connecting mall closes
here Mondays at §10:30 P. M.) ;

COSTA RICA.—By rall to New Orleans, and thence
by steamer, closes at this office dally, except
Sunday, at'61:30 P. M. and §10:30 P. M., Sun-
days at §1:00 P. M. and §10:30 P. M. (connect-
ing mall closes here Tuesdays at §10:30 P. M.)

BAHAMAS (except Parcels-Post Matis).—By_ raf
to Miam!, Fla., and thence by_steamer, closes
at $5:90 A. M. every Monday, Wednesday and
Saturday.

$REGISTERED MAIL closes at 6:00 P. M. pre-
vious day.

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS.

PHILIPPINE ISLANDS, via San Fran close
here dally at 6:30 P. M. up to March 427,
inclusive, for despatch per U. S. ppeneDors

HAWAII, JAPAN. CHIN and PHILIPPINE
ISLANDS, via San Francisco, close here dally
at 6:30 P. M. up to March §28, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Ooptic.

HAWAII, via San Francisco, close here dally at
€:30 P. M. up to March §28, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Alameda.

CHINA and JAPAN, via Vancouver and Victoria,
RB. C., close here dally at 6:30 P. M. up to April
5, inclusive, for despatch per steamsh!
empress of Japan. (Merchandise for U. &,
Postal Agency at Shanghal cannot be for
warded via Canada.)

CHINA and JAPAN, via Seattle (specially ad
dressed only), close here dafly at 6:30 P. 4.
up to April fe inclusive, for despatch per
steamship Pleiades.

CHINA and JAPAN, via Tacoma ( aly ad-
dressed only) closes here dally at 6:30 P. M,

 

up to April $7, Inclusive, for despatch per
steamship Agamemnon,
NEW ZEALAND, AUSTRALIA (except West)

NEW CALEDONIA, FIJI, SAMOA and HA’
WAIT, via San Francisco, close here dally
at 6:30 P. M. up to April §8, inclusive, for de-
spatch per steamship Ventura. (If the Cunard
steamer carrying the Britlsh mall for New
Zealand does not arrive tn time to connect
with this despatch, extra mails—closing at
5:30 A. M., 9:30 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.; Sundars
at 4:30 A.M.,9 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.—will be
made up and forwarded until the arrival of
the Cunard steamer.)

HAWAII. JAPAN, CHINA and PHILIPPINE
ISLANDS, via San Franctsce, close here dally
at 6:30 P. M. up to April §11, inclusive, for
despatch per steamship Korea.

TAHITI and MARQUESAS ISLANDS, via San
Francisco, close here dally at 6:30 P. M. up to
April. §18, inclusive, for despatoh per steam-
ship Mariposa.

AUSTRALIA (except West), FIJI ISLANDS and
NEW CALEDONIA, via Vancouver and Vic-
torla, B. C., close here dally at 6:30 P. M. up to
April §28, Inclusive, for despatch per steam-
ship Aorangl.

NOTE.-—Unless otherwise addressed, West Ans-
tralia is forwarded via Europe: and New Zea-
land and Philippines via San Francisco—
the quickest routes. Philippines specially
addressed “via Canada” or “via Europe” must
be fully prepaid at the foreign rates, Flawail
\s forWarded via San Francisco exclusively.

Transpacific malls are forwarded to port of safl-
ing dally and the schedule of closing \sarranged
on the presumption of thelr uninterrupted
overland transit. $Registered mall closes 4%
6:00 P, M. previous day.

CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmaster.
Post Office, New York, N. Y., March 25, 1904.

   

AUTOMOBILES,

BUCKBOARDS
$250 to
$425

Two speeds; climbs any hil; speed 30 miles
No Notse; Demonstrations Given.

“ORIENT”

8 Park Place. near Bway:

E. J. WILLIS CO. * Perse cuerd
DOGS AND BIRDS.

DOG Many litters in all varteties of choice

toy specimens to pick from. A collec
on hand. Costar Kennels, 424 6th Ave. N.Y

 

tlon of from 1% to 250 pupples always

$1,000 Forfeit Posted for Match Betwee
Cripps and Tommy Ryan.

Sam Fitzpatrick, manager of Arthur Cripps,
the middleweight champion of Australia,
has posted a forfeit of $1,000 with Jimmy
Wakely to match Cripps awainst any middle:
weight. The challenge is particularly direct?
to Tommy Ryan, but Fitzpatriek save that
his man js willing to make the match with
any of the other men in his elas

 

TURBINE
A CLUETT COLLAR

QUARTER EACH, QUARTER SIZES

CLUETT, PEABODY & CO,
MAKERS OF CLUETT ANO MONARCH @HIRTS

 

Petree opener rretertnrnreniter mer merer-rterece