nn

 

. experiences with White.

a cr rena seeoeaaneanaangsaersranapecreemae

P VOL LXXIIL—NO, 303,

WIRE COMES T0 THAW’S AID,

TELLS LAWYER OLCOTT WHOLE
STORY OF HER CAREER.
Long Statement Prepared to Ald the De
fence's Plea of Emotional Insanity
-—Thaw, Arraigna!, Pleads ‘Not
Guillty''—Both Sidea Hunting Scandal.

 

Harry Thaw pleaded not guilty yesterday
to his indictment for murdering Stanford
White and was remanded to the Tombs
to await trial. The trial, it now appears,
will take placa in Saptambar. Thaw's
lawyers said yesterday that they would
be ready for the trial long bofora than.
There are fifteen persons awaiting trial
for murder ahead of Thaw, however, and
it will be for District Attornay Jerome to
decide when his trial shall be called. Mr.
Jerome is expected at his offics to-day or
to-morrow and will then tak? charga of
the case. \

Thaw’s lawyera started promptly to
work yesterday to build up tha evidence
they hope to bring out against the character
of Stanford Whito in order to help out
their plea that Thaw shot White in a fit of
“emotional insanity” brought on by seeing
White.

The foundation of their case is the story
of Evelyn Nesbit Thaw. She told it yester-
day in detail for the first time to the lawyers,

The girl was sent for early in the morning
and was brought down to Mr. Olcott's office
in a closed cab, She reached there shortly
before noon. Mr. Olgott in a previous
interview with her had told her that for the
purposes of her husband's defence his

wyers must know her entire history,
even those parts of it with which Thaw or
White had had nothing to do. Mrs. Thaw
made no objection to telling everything.
Lewis L. Delafield, general counsel here for
the Thaw family, was present to listen to
the girl's statement, but he did little, if
any, of the questioning.

Mrs. Thaw talked for four hours. Three
women stenographers took down every
word she said. There were ninety pages
of the story whém they got through, for
Mr. Olcott made her begin with her career
as a child in Pittsburg, tell how her mother
brought her to New York and of her meet-
ing with White and of every incident in their
relations and in her relations with others.
Mr. Olcott prodded her memory, plied her
with questions, and with Mr. Delafield listen-
ing got in detail everything about the girl's
career. She is perfectly ready, it is said,
to tell the story on the witness stand.

Mr. Olcott had the stenographers tran-
scribe their notes immediately, and last
night he had the ninety pages of the state-
ment with which to begin work. Mr. Olcott
naturally refused to divulge any part of
Mrs. Thaw’'s statement. It is known, how-

ever, that she says that White accomplished |

her ruin after she had been driigged. It
is also said in behalf of Thaw that this will

he corroborated by other evidence.
Mrs. Thaw did not visit her husband yes-

terday because of the engagement she had
with ths lawyers, When she got through
at Mr. Olcott’s office she was sent bac’
to the Lorraine in a cab. According to the
lawyers for the defence, a great number of
women have come forward with stories of
Some of these
women profess to be friends of Mra. Thaw.
Last night Mrs. Thaw and one of her hus-
band’s lawyers met in an uptown hotel
several of her friends who had come for-
ward with these stories. The lawyer mada
notes of their statements and they may
be called along with other witnesses on
Thaw’s side.

Mrs. Thaw seemed yesterday to be nervous
and a good deal upset over the experi-
ences of the last few days. Her husband,
however, seemed to be improved.

There was a great crowd in the court room
when he was arraigned yesterday morning.

He was marched over from the Tombs with |
Then he sat |

twenty-five other prisoners.
for a long time in the prison pen, With
him in the crowd of prisoners were several
negroes and Italians. One big negro sat
beside Thaw and began eying him in a
way that annoyed him. Thaw finally
asked Deputy Sheriff Bell if he couldn't
ret near an open window.

Bell said he thought this would be all
right and gota chuir for Thaw, which he
placed beside the barred window. ‘This
removed him a little distance from the other
prisoners. Thaw seemed to be interested
in what he could see out of the window
and rarely let his eyes travel around the
pen.

Thaw was the first prisoner to be called
upon to plead, but a number of bail cases
had to be attended to before he was called,
and he had been in the pen almost an
hour before he came before the Court.‘

There was a craning of necks to see
him and a rush was made at the police at
the door by belated ones. Thaw's valet
had brought him a fresh suit of clothes

‘and he looked well groomed for the first

time. The suit was a light one, well pressed,
and his bow tie had been tied perfectly.
His hair was carefully brushed. As he
stood in court with the keepers his eyes
had a dull stare most of the time.

“Harry Kendall Thaw to the bar” sang
out the clerk, reading fromthe indictment,
and Mr. Olcott and Terence J. McManus
got up with Thaw and stood with him in
front of Judge Cowing.

Thaw evidently had not been coached
at all as to whit he was to do. Usuilly
the counsel answers for the prisoner, but
when the clerk asked the form! question,
“How do you plead, guilty or not guilty?”
Thaw answered for him-elf.

“Not guilty,” he said in a loud voice. He
looked directly at the Judge when he said
this and seemed to be perfectly cool. His
counsel, Mr. Olcott, had had the words
taken out of his mouth by Thaw's unex-
pected answer. He secined surprised,
‘Lhen, turning to the Judge, he said:

“Your Honor, we wish to enter a plea of
not guilty, and we also desiréto reserve the
privilege of changing our plea and of mak-
ing any other motion we may eee fit between
this time and Tuesday next.” i

This is the usual request made whenever
euch a plea is entered. Judge Cowing
agreed to the request, overruling an objec-
tion on the part of the Assistant District
Attorney. Then Thaw was taken back to
the ‘Tombs.

As he made the journey over the Bridge
of Sighs Thaw heard a familiar tune banged
out below on a barrel prgan. Turning to
the deputy sheriff he said:

“Seems to me I’ve heard that tune before,

The tune was “Everybody Worls but
Father.”

Thaw will not leave the Tombs again in

Continued on Second Page.

 

 

ae

 

 

 

Some Worry Over the Whereabouts of the
Fabre tAner america,

Some anxiety is felt in shipping circles
over the delay of the Fabre Line steamship
America in reaching this port. The
America left Marseilles on June 3 with four
cabin and 110 steerage passengers. She
carries a crew of forty. Capt. Duhe is the
skipper. 7

The steamship touched at the Azores on
June 11 and should have reached here, even
with a slow runya week ago to-dey. Word
|

 

received from the captain at the Azores
was that all was well and in good condition.

At the office of James W. Elwell & Co.,
the agents of the line, at 21 State street, it
was said that they felt no great concern for
the safety of the vessel, although they were
convinced that the America had met with an
accident. It is the opinion of the agente
that something has gone wrong with the
engines of the ship. The America is not of
very recent build.

She has not been sighted by any of the
vessels that have arrived in port.

The course she took from the Azores is
one that is not much traversed by the trans-
atlantic lines. The White Star steamship
Baltic, in yesterday, took the extrema
southerly course and the agents of the
America were in hopes that the Baltic had

sighted their missing ship. The White

Star liner, however, reported notrace of the |

America.

The Germania, one of the newest and
swiftest of the Vabre Line steamships, is
due to-day. She left Marseilles long after
the America and the agents hope that the
new ship has run across her older sister.

The America has a general c&rgo, the

| bulk of which is made up of macaroni,

| olive oil, pickle! fish, dried meats, bottles
of wine, vermouth and absinthe and many
sacks of coffee.

RICH BOY BURGLARS CAUGHT,

 

Young Piltsburgers Charged With Breaking
into a House While Drunk.

-

PirrspurGa, June 29.—Frank 8S. Galey,
nephew of J. H. Galey, the wealthy oil man
and partner of Col. J. M. Guffey, and son of
the late Samuel Galey, alvo an oil man before
his death, and John R. Boyd, who comes
from one of the best Pittsburg families,
were held at No. 4 police station to-day on
a charge of entering a building to commit
a felony.

They are accursed of entering the resi-
dence of James B, Laughlin of Jones &

| Laughlin, which is closed for the summer,
| for the purpose of robbing it. Boyd is

22 years old and Caley is one year his
junior.

Galey and Boyd are the principal wit-
nésces in the suit against former Policeman
Rufus Ullam, charged with shooting and
killing W. De Forrest, a young society man
and promising comporer of light opera,
| here last year.

Young Galey arrived home only a short
time ago from Lawrenceville, N, J., where,
he has been attending a preparatory school,
| expecting to enter Princeton next year
| Boyd has been out of schoo! about a year.

 

The boys say they had been drinking
and lay down on the porch of the Laughlin
residence, One of them in a daredevil
spirit proposed, going inside and the other
accepted the challenge.

The police ray doors were broken so as
to gain entrance to all the lower rooms.

WON'T TELL NAME IN BELLEVUE,

|

|

|

| Young Woman Picked Up tn Hysterics In

the Park Says She Has Had Trouble.

4 A young woman who was taken from
i Central Park to the psychopathic ward of
| Bellevue Hospital yesterday afternoon
| refuses to give her name or any clue to her
identity. She says that she has been in
| great trouble recently and does not care
to have her friends learn of her latest mis-

fortune.

At 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon Patrol-
man Fitzgerald of the Central Park station
house noticed a crowd gathered about
a bench in the Ramble, near the East
Seventy-eighth street entrance to the park.
| He found a young woman sobbing hysteri-
| eally and talking incoherently. He had
her taken to the Presbyterian Hospital and
later she was sent to Bellevue. Dr. Holmes
pronounced her case one of heat prostra-
tion and ordered her to the psychopathic
ward,

The young woman is a blonde, 5 feet 7
inches fall, weighs 140 pounds and is appar-
ently about 270r 28 years of age. She wore
a blue waist, cream colored flannel skirt
and dark shoes and carried a black silk
parasol.

A woman who said she was the sister of
the patient called at the hospital at 10 o'clock
last night and recognized her. The woman
did not reveal her identity or that of her
sister, the patient, further than to say that
they both ved in West Eig uly erg street.
is ore visiting Bellevue she had called up

olice Headquarters by telephone and got
a description of the young woman found
in the park in the afternoon.

 

 

 

SILVER READY TO CARRY OFF.

 

Detectives Find Two Men With Many Keys
in Mrs. Stokes's House.

Charles Carey, 22 years old, who says he
lives at $11 East Thirty-eighth street,
and Harry Miller, 22 years old, who says

he lives at 137 East Seventeenth street,

were found by Detectives Higgins and
Naughton looting the apartments of Mrs.
Caroline Stokes at 128 East Twenty-ninth
street, early last evening. Mrs. Stokes
closed her home and left for Bar Harbor
last Monday, leaving the keys with her
son, Dr. W. E. Stokes. He took up his
residence at the Yale Club after turning
over to the two detectives the keys of the

‘house so that they might go over it 90-
casionally. ;

They did so last night and found the two

! men with a bundle of silverware and bric-a-

brac piled on the floor ready to be carried

away. At the East Thirty-fifth street
olice station about three dozen skeleton
eys were found on the prisoners.

EX-SENATOR GREEN AT HOME,

About 3,000 of His Neighbors Greet Him
With a Hrass Band.
BINGHAMTON, N. Y., June 29.—Several
thousand people were at the station to meet
George E. Green, who returned home from
Washington to-night, having been for the
second time acquitted of the charge of com-
plicity in the postal frauds. The First Regi-
ment band escorted him to his home, where
he spoke briefly to about 8,000 people. He
said he had no feeling of revenge on ac-
count of the attempts to put him behind
prison bars and hoped the prosecutors
were sincere in their belief of his guilt
and that in case the other indictment is
pressed hé has no fear of the outcome.

 

After all, Usher's the Scoto
that mace the bigbball tamous.—Aae

 

 

SPECIAL TRAIN TO DENVER. 9
The Piks' special eavIng Grand Central Station
July 18 will have the most juxurious Pullman Cars,
including an Observation Car with Steinway Piano,
Special rates open to the public. Call on any New
York Central Lines Agent or address M, C,
A, G, P, A., 1216 Broadway, N. ¥,—Ade,

ch,

 

———$—$

 

 

 

 

‘G0 RAIDING IN STORAGE YAN sare DRAWN IN THE HOUSE?

 

HEADQUARTERS DIRECTS ATTACK
ON TENDERIAIN POOLROOMS,
hennaseonemes

It's Waldo Gunning for Schmittberger, Say
the Prophets—Feur Houses Carried
by Assault, Making a Brave Show fer
Idlers —~24 Prisoners and a Lot of Junk.

Four poolrooms were raided and two
alleged handbook men arrested in the Ten-
derloin yesterday afternoon over the heads
of Inspector Schmittberger and Police
Captain Hodgins, and the prophets of the
Tenderloin who have been predicting for
a month that Deputy Commissioner Waldo

| was preparing to “do” Schmittberger stood
| on their hind legs and yelled “I told you
| so!" Two of the poalrooms raided yester-
| day were pulled the day before by Inspector

Schmittberger and Capt. Hodgins, and the

last one raided yesterday was also smashed

in a week ago by the Tenderloin police.

According to Tenderloin gossip last night
it was just a month ago when Sergt.
Bob McNaught, son of the old detective

| sergeant so long attached to the District
Attorney's office; Roundsman Charles
Becker and Roundeman Phil Faubel, all at
that time attached to tfie Commissioner's
office in Mulberry street and all said to be
bitter enemies of Schmittberger, were put
jin plain clothes, assigned to the Street
| Cleaning Department and sent to wander
;} around the district north of Fifteenth
street. :
| The Tenderloin opened its eyes when It
saw the three attached to the Street Cleaning
| Department, which was a new wrinkle in
! the Police Department. “Bingham'’s new
vice squad,” the three were promptly dubbed
by the Tenderloin.

Early yesterday afternoon the squad
of three, accompanied by Roundsmen Burns
and Donohue of Commissioner Bingham's
staff and fifteen cops from various precincts
uptown, all in plain clothes, aesembled in
front of the Volunteer warehouse, 939 Third
avenue. Aljl but one of the cops climbed
into the dark interior of a big red storage
van owned by the warehouse; the remain-
| ing policeman closed the doors of the van

on the crowd and then climbed up on the

seat beside the driver.

The van turned west into Fifteenth street
and backed up if front of No. 61, a few doors
from Fifth avenus. The policeman who
was acting as footman jumped down from
his perch and opened the back door and
out piled a sweltering crowd of cops.
Armed with axes and crowbars, six or eight
of the cops charged on the front door of
the quiet looking No. 61, and the others of
the attacking party swarmed to the back
of the house.

Sergt. McNaught got in the door of the
place; said to be owned by Petie Davis,
but as he was yelling to the others to follow
the door was slammed shut from the inside.
Then the splinters began to fly as the cops
hacked away, and the pounding brought a
big crowd from Fifth avenue before the
door was smashed in.

Inside were found thirty-two men dreased
for warm weather. Twenty-five of them
were allowed to go. When the police filed
down to the street they had in custody
Edward Soleman of 34 East Fourth street
and Charles Wallace of 29 East Third street,
both charged with keeping and main-
taining a poolroom, and five other prisoners
charged with aiding and abetting.

Three patrol wagons were sent for and
| the seven prisonera and a number of rac-
ing charts and dope sheets were taken to
| the Tenderloin station.
| Into the storage van again climbed the
| cops and rumbled up Sixth avenue to visit
| the “House of the Blue Shutters,” at 128
| West Thirty-sixth street.

The house is opposite the Marlborough,
and scarcely had the footman cop begun
to repeat his van opening operations when
one of the biggest raid audiences ever
| gathered in little old N'York got together.
The crowd had the time of its lifé.

Inside the raiders found a fancy roulette
wheel, that expsrts said later was worth
$1,600; more racing literature and thirty-
five more coafless gentlemen. Then while
street cars were stalledina line that reached
from Forty-fourth street to Twenty-third
John Murphy, who gave his address as
Broadway and Forty-second street, charged
with running a poolroom, and five others,
charged with aiding and abetting, were
shipped off to the Tenderloin station in the
same three patrol] wagons that had been
used before.

Next the big red van threw out the anchor
in front of 69 West Thirty-eighth street,
raided the day before by Schmittberger and
Hodgins. Down in the basement, into
which the police got without much difficulty,
were found sixty men stripped to the waist.
The cops said the place was even hotter
than x inside of the van. John Edwin,
who gave his address as 1084 Park avenue,
was arrested as the proprietor of the guess
house, and the usual five were also taken
along to the Tenderloin station as aiders
and abettors. Another roulette wheel,
1,600 chips, a telephone, charts and more
dope sheets were gathered by the furniture
movers.

What happened then to the private dwell-
ing at 187 West Forty-first street, the next
house on the list, was much and sufficient.

Inside the house a door at the head of the
first flight of steps had to be broken down
before the police gathered in Frank Smith
of 168 Montgomery street, Jersey City, two
others as aiders and abettors, a roulette
wheel,a black and white layout, twotickers
and two telephones. To the Tenderloin
station for theirs. This house is next door
to Honest John Kelly’s and was raided
Jast week by Schmittberger and Hodgins

Two men were picked up just after this
by Roundsman Beoker, who jumped off

1

 

| the van while on its way south on Sixth |

avenue and col'ared them on the street,
Becker's first dive from the van oo-
| curred at the corner of Thirty-first street,

when a youth who said he was Harry Clark |

of 220 West Twentieth street, occupation
property man, was pounced on.

A few minutes later Becker did some ;
more ground and lofty tumbling between |

the van,and the street and gathered in a
man who said he was Charles Murray of
126 West Eighty-fourth street and insisted
he was a commission merchant, Both were
| accused of being handbook men.

 

All the arrests of the afternoon were made
!on warrants obtained from Magistrate
Barlow in the Jefferson Market police court.
Magistrate Joe Moss was busy from 6 to
9 o'clock last night in the Tenderloin station
acoepting bail for the prisoners. Thestation
house, with ite litter of poolroom material,
telephones and tickers that
from the walls, wires and all,jand the big
wheels, looked like a junk shop last nignt.
Tenderloin politicians crowded in to go
het | for the gamblers.

been torn |

lett of Georgia Resents Some Remarks
by Southwick of New Yerk.

WASHINGTON, June 20,— While the House
was awaiting conference reports to-nigh
an incident occurred which for a moment
threatened to cause serious trouble. Mr.
Southwick of New York was denouncing
some of the members of the Committee on
Accounts because of their failure to report
a resolution in which he was interested.
Mr. Bartlett of Georgia, a member of the
committee, took exception to Mr. South-
wick's remarks, and some of the latter's
friends declared that Bartlett drew a knife
and attempted to use it on Southwick,
The Speaker hammered with his gavel
and directed the sergeant-at-arms to pre-
serve order, Friends interfered and the
incident was over in a moment.

It is said that Southwick eaid there had
been too much lying about the matter in
which he was interested.

Mr. Bartlett asserted that he had a small
penknife in hia hand at the time, but that
he made no attempt to use it and had no
intention of using it.

The affair was regarded by members
who eaw it as a bit of horse play and not
intended to be serious. The incident was
magnified by the fect that James of Ken-
tuck y and Williams, either in joke or other
wice , seized Bartlett end separated the two
men. Neither of the men entertained any
enmity against the other after the affair
was over.

Bartlett has figured in several similar
incidents since he became a member of
the House. During his first term he
achieved notoriety by throwing a heavy
volume at Representative Brumm of Penn-
sylvania on the floor of the House in the
course of debate. ~~

The incident was the result of a colloquy
in which Brumm made a reflection upon
Bartlett. Friends intervened and mutual
apologies followed.

WINDWRECKS SHOW TENT; 2 DEAD

 

 

Fifteen Thousand in Panic as Ringling
Bros.’ Canvas Envelops Them,

Avrora, Ill., June 20.—Two men were
killed and several persons, including three
women, were severely injured in this city
this afternoon when the tent of the Ringling
Bros. circus, in which was an audience
of nearly 15,000 persons, was blown tothe
ground by a miniature tornado that swept
over the city. It was just as the troupe
of forty elephants, headed by their keepers,
| marched into the three rings that the black
| funnel cloud swooped down upon the tent.
| The top of the tent bulged out, parting
the guy ropes that held it. Then the big
centre pole parted two feet from the top
of the tent. In an instant the canvas
dropped, enveloping men, women and

children in its folds.

SLL a SS

Mathew Bury, a helpless cripple, was
struck on the head by a falling tent pole
and instantly killed.

The other man killed was Mathew Cress

of Gineva, who died about a hundred feet
from the dismantled¢ent from heart di-
Beane,
_ The injured are Mrs. Sharping, Shabona,
painfully bruised and shocked; Miss Stan-
field, Shabona, severely injured; J. Abel,
circus performer, hip dislocated; Police-
man Joseph Williams, burt while trying to
prevent panic: Mrs. Bertha Freeman,
Geneva, bruised; John Kehoeal, ofrous
performer, shoulder dislocated.

The three rings were filled with the ele-
phants when the wind struck the tent.
They were panio stricken and broke from
their keepers and dashed madly about the
rings. With hooks the keepers tried to
halt the rush of the frightened animals;
and although they partially succeeded it
was reported that one man waa trampled
by one of the frightened beasts.

ELIHU ROOT TO VISIT CHILE.

He Will Board a Chilean Warship and Go
Through the Straits of Magellan.
WASHINGTON, June 29.—Secretary Root
has decided to visit Chile on his coming
tour of South America, and to that end will
board a Chilean warship on his voyage
| from the Straits of Magellan to Valparaiso.
| The great draft of the cruiser Charleston
; will not allow her to make the inside pas-
i sage on the western coast of Chile. Not
only will this course shorten the Secre-
tary's trip by several hundred miles, but it
will also cause him to miss much cold
weather and rough sea by taking the in-
side route. The marked changes in tem-
perature will be the most disagreeable
features of the trip. Leaving the equator,
with its extreme heat, the Secretary will
go directly into the extreme coli of the
southern waters and will shortly emerge
into the heat of the tropics avain, all in the
course of a few weeks.

Secretary Root will stop in Rio Janeiro
not more than ten days and the next stop
will be Valparaiso, Chile. Thence he will
go to Callao, Peru, and Guayaquil, Ecuador,
Leaving Valparaiso, he will go by rail to
Santiago, the capital of Chile, and to Lima,
the Peruvian capital.

The Secretary will not be able to wake
the long trip to the capitals of Ecuador and
Colombia, but it is thought that President
Reyes will journey from Logota and greet
the American Secretary of State at Carta-
Rene when he stops there, After leaving
veene Mr. Root will sail direct to New

KANN COLLECTION NOT FOR US,

Rutherfurd Stuyvesant Says It Is Held tn
Paris at a Prohibitive Price.

Rutherfurd Stuyvesant, a director of
the Metropolitan Museum of Art, was a
passenger on the White Star Line steam-
| ship Baltic, in from Liverpool yesterday.
Mr. Stuyvesant denied the published re-
| ports that Sir Oaspar Purdon Clarke, J. P.
| Morgan and others interested in the museum
| had attempted to purchase the Rudolph

Kann collection in Paris. The price, Mr.
| Stuyvesant said, was practically prohibi-

 

 

 

; tive.

| ‘Mr. Stuyvesant announced that Mr. Mor-
gan had purchased while in Paris the

| Augustin miniature collection, which is

now on exhibition in the Bibliothéque

| Nationale in Paris, but would later be

| placed in Mr. Morgan's London residence,
where he has other miniature collections.

Charles Major, the author} was another
| penne: on the Baltic. With Mrs. Major
| he has spent some time automobiling in
| Switzerland ahd Holland. Mr. Major dis-
| agreed with Bishop Potter's assertion that
| the English people had no friendly feeling

for Americans.

Other arrivals on the Baltic were Thomas
| Ryan, Assistant Secretary of the Interior;
| 7 we Poney, fe a res anon

of the Uruguay gation at Washington;
Mrs. William A. Havemeyer, Mr. rene
B. Burgin, seoretary of the Authors Club,
London, who is here on a pleasure trip;
Mre. William H. Draper, resell Fourik

é - Hawkins, Meredit Howland

and William L. Jones.

 

e

 

CORPORAL TANNER’S WIFE DIES

KILLED IN AUTOMOBILE ACCI-
DENT IN HELENA, MON.

 

 

Machine Overturned by Soft Place in the
Road—Death Due to Shock —Eatire
Party Thrown Out, but Ne Others Hurt
—Bedy t0 Be Brought to Washington.

Hevena, Mon., June 20.—The Western
trip of Corporal James Tanner, Commander-
in-Chief of the Grand Army of the Republic,
was suddenly terminated here to-day
because of the death of his wife as the re-
sult of an automobile accident.

An examination showed that the only
visible injury she sustained was a broken
arm, although she complained of a pain
in her side and that she could not see.

The corporal and Mrs. Tanner arrived
in Helena to-day. They were the guests
of Mra. Joseph K. Toole at luncheon and
in the afternoon went on the automobile
trip, which included the State Capitol, the
Broadwater Phinge, Fort William Henry
Harrison and Central Park.

The automobile party had just started

| for the city to attend a public reception in
honor of Corporal Tanner. The automobile
in which Mr. and Mrs. Tanner were riding

| attempted to pass an ice wagon in a road

! between two railroad tracks, a portion of
which was newly made. The wheels on
one side of the automobile sank into the
fresh earth and despite the efforts of the
chauffeur to get the machine back to the
solid road it toppled over.

All jumped to save their lives. Corporal
Tanner, Gen. L. 8., Willson and the chauffeur
landed on their feet, but Mrs. Tanner’s arm
was caught between the rear seat and a
telegraph pole.

She gave a slight scream and upon being
released complained of a pain in her side
| and said that she could not se@. None of
| the other occupants suffered as much as @
scratch, nor was the machine injured,
except that one of its headlights was broken
although it turned completely over.

One of the other automobiles,
cepatched to the city for ambulances and
doctors, but Mrs. Tanner died beforé their

! arrival,

The body was taken to the hospital and
' later to an undertaker's, where it was em-
balmed. The hospital physician after an
examination said that death was due to
shock. Mrs. Tanner was more than 60
years old.

Commander Tanner will return East with
the body to-morrow.

The chauffeur of the machine is regarded
as one of the most careful drivers in the
city and his machine is one of the latest
models. The accident is attributable
solely to the condition of the road.

It is regarded as miraculous that all ex-
cept Mrs. Tanner escaped without injury,
especially Corporal’ Tanner, who has two
artificial feet and is more than 60 years old.

The burial will be held in Washington.

WasHINGTON, June 20,—The second son of
Corporal Tanner, Lieut. Earl Tanner of the
Fourth Infantry, U. 8. A., who recently re-
turned from the Philippines and was sponde
{ng his furlough in a visit to his family, was
overcome when, on reaching home, he was
informed by his sisters of the death of their
mother.

Corporal and Mrs. Tanner left the olty
about four weeks ago for a trip in the West,
where the commander-in-chief was to in-
spect G. A. R. posts. Mrs. Tanner fre-
quently accompanied her husband on these
trips. The couple were to have left Helena
for Butte to-day.

Mrs. Tanner was the daughter of Alfred
C. White of Jefferson, N. Y. She was mar-
ried to Corporal Tanner in 1866. She was
prominent in charitable and patriotic or-
ganizations, being a member of the Legion
of Loyal Women and other societies affili-
ated with the Grand Army of the Republio
She was a woman of rare attainments and
many graces of character and was a great
assistance to her husband in his career.

TO WED ON THE SPANISH MAIN.

Cupld Sets to Work and Solves @ Problem
for Miss Wyte.

Dan Cupid is going to have something
to say about the navigation of the Trinidad
Trading and Shipping Company's steam-
ship Maraval when that craft puta out
from the foot of Harrison street, Brooklyn,
and sets sail for the Island of Trinidad.
On board will be Miss Allie Wyte, a comely
miss of Ottawa, Canada. She is going to
join her lover and be married before the
ship reaches its destination.

Miss Wyte's former schoolmate and
present sweetheart left Ottawa a year ago
to become superintendent of an electric
lighting plant in Trinidad. He wrote to
her some time ago telling her that he was
anxious to marry, but that the prospects
were that he couldn't get, away from the
island for a long time. The young woman
sent a letter back saying she would come
to the island and marry him there.

A letter from the young man cast gloom
over the projeot when it explained that the
colonial laws required a six months resi-
dence before a person would be allowed

marry.

here was an exchange of more letters

and a cheering one finally arrived from
the impatient young man. It told that he
had found a way out of the difficulty. Mias
Wyte was to make the trip; he would meet
the ship outside the three mile limit and
—oolonial laws be blamed—they would be
married.

Miss Wyte then wrote to Clement King,
the agent for a Canadian whiskey house in
this city, and he booked her passage on the
'Meraval. She has arrived here and is
| stopping with friends in Brooklyn. She
| hasn’t brought a parson along with her and
| depends on her fiancé getting one in Trini-
' dad to make the trip out to sea. and beyond
| the three mile limit.

The jolly old skipper of the Maraval says
that if all the sky pilots in Trinidad weaken
and refuse to make the trip there is nothing
to prevent the wedding if the bridegroom
doeen't lose his nerves The captain says
that ANT Lae OO les is one of the privi-

leges enjoyed by skippers on the high seas.

 

 

eee.
SUE EEE

 

FREAKS OF THE LIGHTNING.

It Sets Fire to a Quilt and Knocks a Cross
Of a Church.

Lightning struck the gable end of Martin
Joyce's house at’ 151 Clendenny avenue,
Jersey City, yesterday morning and scat-
tered shingles on the roofs of adjoining
houses. The electricity hit a brass bed-
stead, setting fire toa quilt. There wasn't
any body in the bed. Mr. Joyoe threw the

quilt out of a window into 1 n.
A stone cross on of St. Francis’s
Catholic Churoh at rd and Jefferson

streets, Hoboken, was out off lightni:
yesterday i ok tan ft fel to the ground
a was broken. church 't
damaged otherwise. . rr

27 me

° _I+NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 830, 1906 .—Copyriem, 1006, by The Sun Printiny and PublishingYAseoctation,

qe eee

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
     

News

%

Everything Ready for a Homegoing of
Legisiators.

WasxHtnaton, June 20.—There is now
nothing in the way of an adjournment of
Congress early to-morrow, and the leaders
are planning for the winding up of the
session shortly after noon. All the great
appropriation bills are out of the way ex-
cept the General Deficiency bill, and an
agreement has bean reached on that, the
conferees only awaiting the agreement on
the public buildings bill before putting in
the additional amounts carried by the latter
bill.

A partial report on the bill was made
to-night, and the conferees ‘will not be able
to bring in a final report until morning.

iciatsiomeaaaciapeaaseeiemee

ASLEEP ON CONEY ISLAND SANDS

 

8,000 Persons Spending @ Sultry Night
Under the Stars.

The beach at Coney Island was peopled
by 5,000 persons as early as 10 o'clock last
night. Whole families from the tenement
districts in Manhattan and Brooklyn made
themselves comfortable to spend the night
near the cooling waves. The crowd was
increased steadily, and at midnight it was
estimated that nearly 8,000 were sleeping
on the sands,

Capt. Harkins of the Coney Island police
station detailed twenty-five policemen to
patrol the beach and prevent thieves from
plying their trade among the sleepers.

A MILLION DOLLAR HOSPITAL,

 

_* @arvapit; Sows 90, 1908,
Fair and continued warm to-day; showers
and cooler to-night or to-morrow,

“a5 ¥

PRICE TWO CENTS.

CONGRESS ADJOURNS TO-DAY. RAILROAD RATE BILL A LAW

 

PRESIDENT SIGNED IT LATE
LAST NIGHT. :

 

Congress Also Disposes of the Meat Im
spection, Pure Food and Other Impore
tant Bills—Tiliman Pitchforks the Lawe
yers and Balley Retorts in Wrath,

WASHINGTON, June 20.—The railroad
rate bill became a law through the sige
nature of President Roosevelt at 11:26 toe
night. A joint resolution adopted by both
houses after the bill was passed fixes the
time for the bill to go into effect at al

days after to-day. 28

The President also signed the naturaliza-
tion bill, :

Congress to-day disposed of nearly
all the important measures which would
stand in the way of adjournment. The
report on the railroad rate bill received
the approval of the Senate early in the!
afternoon and wert to the President toe
night. The pure f bill report was
adopted by both House and Senate, which’
disposed of that measure as far as Con
gress was concerned, and the meat inspeo=
tion amendment to the agricultural appro-
priation bill was likewise agreed to, As it’
will become a law the cost of the inspection |
is to be paid by the Government, andi’
$3,000,000 is appropriated for the purpose.
The Senate also yielded to the House the
amendment as to dating the labels of

W. V. Lawrence to Erect One as a Gift to | canned meats and thle requirement went

Bronxville.

BRONXVILLE, N. Y., June 29.—Following
the gift of a $60,000 town hall W. V. Law-
rence has signified his intention of donating
@ $1,000,000 hospital to Bronxville. Law-
rence Park was named after Mr. Lawrence
and during recent years he has been at the
head of many syndicates that have beauti-
fied the place.

It became known to-day that he had pur-
chased two and a half acres on Palmer
avenue and at last night's meeting of the
board of village trustees he offered to erect
and present to Bronxvile a suitable hospi-
tal. The trustees at once accepted the
offer.

It is understood that the institution will
surpass any of its kind in Westchester
county and will be completed this fall.

DEATH IN A WATER TROUGH.

Horse Fell Dead as His Nose Touched the
sSurface—Live Wire There.

A horse belonging to Peter Doscher of
Eighty-sixth and Bay Fourteenth streets,
near Fort Hamilton, yesterday morning
became thirsty and stopped of his own
accord ata watertrough to drink. It had
no sooner touched its nose to the water
than it toppled over dead.

John Miller, the driver, jumped off the
wagon to the ground, which was wet. He
received a shock which’ almost knocked
him down. It was found that a live wire
had fallen into the fountain and charged
the water. A lineman repaired the wire
before it did any more damage.

GETTING RID OF U. 8.

 

 

SILVER,

 

Canadian Bank Agreement Expires To-day
and May Not Be Renewed.

Orrawa, Ont., June 20.—The arrange-
ment between the Canadian banks and the
Dominion Government for the deportation
of United States silver terminates to-mor-
row, the last day of June.

The shipping out of American silver |
began on March 1, all the chartered banks |
entering heartily into the movement. From |
that time until June 16 the amount for-
warded back to the country of ita origin
was $360,435.

It is understood the Government will
cancel the arrangement sooh, as the tak-
ing away of this amount of foreign silver
has not appreciably increased the output
of the Canadian article, one of the objects
aimed at.

TRIPLETS BORN AT SEA,

Mother and the Three Children Die and
Are Buried From Shipboard.

Mrs. Nellie Frawley,a steerage passenger
on the White Star Line steamship Baltic,
which arrived from Liverpool yesterday,
gave birth to triplets when the ship was
three days out from Queenstown. Mrs.
Frawley and her three babies succumbed
and all were buried at sea.

The woman's husband, who is a farmer
near New Britain, Conn., was on the pier
when the ship berthed. When he learned
what had happened he became frantic;
and it was with great difficulty that the

 

men on the pier succeeded in quieting him.
Mrs. Frawley had been visiting relatives
in Ireland, and her trip home was hastened
by the prospective visit of the stork.

 

CUBA TO SEEK IMMIGRANTS.

Congress Sets Aside $1,000,000 to Bring
Laborers to the Island.
Srectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Havana, June 20.—Congress has ap-
proved a bill authorizing the Executive
to spend up to $1,000,000 to encourage im-
migration. Eighty per cent. of the amount
is to be spent in bringing families from
Europe and the Canary Islands and the
balance to bring laborers from Norway,
Sweden, Denmark and nérthern Italy.

The opponents of the bill asserted that
64,000 immigrants came to Cuba during
the last year of their own accord, and de-
clared that one result of the bill will be

| rimands,
jas a “joshing.”
| tickled the Democratic leadership in the @

that those who would have been willing |

to come without assistance will now de-
mand that the Government pay their pas-
sage, which it will do under certain condi-
tions.

SAYS REILLY TRIED TO BRIBE.

 

 

 

Speaker of Cuban House Accuses an
American Contractor.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.
Havana, June 20.—Gen. Freyre Andrade,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
accuses an Ameri known as Judge Reilly
of having offered hifh $0,000 to secure the ap-
proval of a bill to waive the duties on mate-

rial for the Cienfygegos aqueduct, for which |

Reilly is the contractor.

Sefior Andrade says that Reilly offered
him $1,000 on the passage of the bill by the
House, $2,000 on its passage by the Senate
and $6,000 on its signature by President
Palma. He adds that he handed Reilly his
hat, and refused to consider the proposition

Ginger Cham! Fine
Flavor, Try dae.

 

True Uinget

 

 

 

out of the bill.

A final réport on the Sundry Civil bill
was disposed of, leaving but one of the
great appropriation bills still outstanding.
This bill, the General Deficiency, has been
agreed upon in conference and is being
held back until an agreement is reached
on the Omnibus Public Buildings bill, upom

| which some authorizations for buildings
‘are carried the appropriations for which

must go in the Deficiency bill.

This unusual procedure was brought
about by a concurrent resolution adopted
by both houses, authorizing the conferees
to include in the deficiency such appropri-
ations and also the increased expenses of
the Interstate Commerce Commission under
the provisions of the rate bill, which became
aw to-night. Included in the latter are
the increased salaries for the five Commis-*
sioners and the two additional Commise

sioners to be ap pointed. ‘

The action of the President on the rail-
road rate bill was preceded by a most
exciting session of the Senate, in the course
of which there was a remarkable scene
between Senators Bailey and Tillman
the Damon and Pythias of Democracy and
of the rate billcampaign. Mr. Tillman suge
gested that the Senate had too many fault
finding lawyers who made it hard for a
“cornfield iawyer” to draw a conference
report to meet the refined legal tastes,

In a moment Mr. Bailey was on his feet;
his face white with anger.

“Yes,” said the Texan in a voice that
resounded through the corridors, “and
there are too many demagogues in the
Senate.”

Mr. Tillman looked unutterably hurt.
He had grilled the lawyers of the Senate
a hundred times before—it was one of Mr,
Tillman’s little rate bill jokes—and it had
never provoked anything more formidable
than one of Senator Spooner'’s mild rep-
which Mr. Tillman describes
But when Mr. Tillman

flank on a hot day, and that just before
adjournment, he got a “rise out of Mr.
Bailey ,” as he expressed it afterward.

The Texan invoked the shades of Patrick
Henry, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison,,
and Alexander Hamilton to prove that
lawyers were necessary and desirable ine
stitutions. He said it was evident the
lawyers had done things to Mr. Tillman’
politically in South Carolina at some time
or other, but it was long ago and Mr. Tille
man ought to “get the cobwebs out of his
brain.”

Mr. Bailey stood over his colleague,
emphasizing his castigation with pump
handle gestures, while Mr. Tillman looked .
up at his whilom partner with a pained ex-
pression that seemed to say “Et tu, Bailey!” |

When the incident had closed Mr. Bailey
had proved by the Bible that good lawyers’
were good citizens and Mr. Tillman had
quoted Scripture to show that they were’
hypocrites. He admitted that his ime
pressions had been formed from experi-
ences with a very “miserable breed of
lawyers.”

All this debate was addressed to the
conference report on the rate bill, and after

this conclusive argument the conference ,

report was promptly adopted without’
dissent. .

The hot weather made the meat inspection
legislation sizzle like breakfast bacon over
a Virginia fire. Senator Nelson (Rep.}
Minn.) declared the “pork packers and
range cattle men” had won out on the meat
inspection legislation and made the pre-
diction that when Senator Beveridge was
as old as himself he would still see the packe
ers and range cattle men triumphant.

“I go home to my people like a whipped
cur,” shouted Mr. Nelson, “whipped by the
packers and the range cattle men.” Then
Mr. Nelson, whose face under the stress of _
weather and excitement had taken on the
tint of canned salmon, went out in the core
ridor and fanned himself while Senator
Beveridge proceeded to fan the Senate with
his oratory.

Mr. Beveridge is the author of the meat
inspection legislation. He grew as eloquent
as he could with canned goods for a topio
and pointed out that a great victory had
been gained generally if not in detail by
passing a meat inspection law. During the
day the conference report on the pure food
bill was brought in and adopted without
question.

In presenting the conference report on
the railroad rate bill, Senator Tillman
explained that he had refused to sign the
report because: ‘ ’

“I consider the influences back of the

change in the pipe line amendment as’

sinister.”
The letters and telegrams sent to the

 

POPULAR DAY TRAIN TO BUFFALO
via the Scenic Line; Lehigh Valley R. R. Leaves
New York 9:55 A, M. Parlor Car; Dining Car; Sere

. Tiekets 355-1460 Broadway, New
York; 825 Fulton st., Bklyn.—Ade, 4

DATA EN oe

f

BS