Senate asking forethe exemption of pipe lines
from the operation at the commodity amend -
ment, he continued, came from the Stand.
ard Oil Company, “This'infamous mo-
nopoly is back of thieghange,” he.wasserted,

Mr. ‘Tillman read telegrams from the
independent ot! operates in Kansas and the
Indian Territory purpoa ting that@he Stand-
ard's agents were busy’ urging people to
send telegrams to the Sanate,

He agreed that the Predident had managed
to kick upa great dust by ¢he Garfieldreport
against the Standard Oil Company, under
cover of which he had managed to beat a
retreat on the court review featureyof the
rate bill,

Mr. Tillman drew a humerous ¢picture
of the parting of the ways Petwaen the
“big stick and the pitchfork.”

| “When the pitchfork was leading the fight,”
said he, “he suddenly turned around and
caught sight of the coattailaroffthe big
stick soudding for the rear.”

He also pictured the President 4 “sliding
to base all sprawled out like af football
player.” q

Mr. Clapp suggested that Mr Tillman
was not familiar with the game.

Mr. Tillman said he knew the game and
meant baseball, pot football. “} nyway,”

he added, “he slid and slid until he got to
base between Uncle: Billy Allisons legs.”

The President, he asserted, could have
kdpt the pipe line-change demanded by the
Standard Oil Campany out of the bill,
There was a general disposition to bam-

—-

boozle the dear people on the octopus
chasing business. “It is all a fog,” he de-
clared. He spoke of Attorney-General

Moody’s plans for pursuing Standard Oil.
He said he had madea special attorney of
former United Statés Attorney Morrison
of Chicago, who had demonstrated “how
not to do it” in the Jobn .R. Walsh: case.
Senators Hopkins and Cullom protested;
declaring that Attorney Morrison was @

splendid man.

Mr. Tillman saidthe hadimerely said that.
Mr. Morrison was a “fine exponent of the
doctrine of how not to-do it, but we do the
same here in the Senate.”

Mr. McCumber protested against the new
pass amendment because the exceptions
did not include harvestshands forit he North-
western wheat fields, Looking at Mr. Till-
man, he said: “The farmers seem to be the
only people discriminated against. The
eorafield lawyer seem to have forgotten
his near friend, the wheat field farmer.

Mr. Elkins resented the statement of
yr. Tian tat the Bhandari Gombany

ad effected the change in the 2
amendment. He cai that Mr. Tilman
was willing to crush the’ tmdependent oil
operators in order to get after-the Standard
Oil Company.

“The Standard Oil Company is able to

take care of itself; it needs no friends,
said Mr. Elkins. , ;
i Mr. Bailey opposed the exception of pipe
! lines from’ the commodity amendment.
He favored divoreing the business of pro-
duction and transportation.

“What the Senator from West Virginia
gays about the Standard not needing f ends
I do not concede,” Aeie Mr. Bailey.

think the Stan Company does need
friends and it seems to be a le-to get them
that

when it most needs m,

Mr. Bailey said he did not char
the Standard Oil Company had influenced
,the conferees or any’ else; but what
the Standard had done was to take shelter
behind the independent operator, and

_ frighten him into the belief that it would
destroy him. Mr. en also attacked
the pass amendment, which he charaoter-
ized as “a rank Fe of demagogy.” He
said it permitted the families of railroad
employees to receive Passes, but denied
the privilege to families of officers and

ttorneys.

oi] recent the idea,” said Mn. Bailey "that
the man who works with his han Ne any
better or more deserving than the mam who
works with his brain.” ch a discrimina-
tion as this enacted into law is all wrong.
.Mr. Bailey declared the “discrimination was
deliberately planned and put into the bill
and it is indefensible.”

Mr. Tillman explained the pass amend-
ment. He said he was after the lawyers
Te “run around legislatures fixing up
things.”

“They are not lawyers,” replied Mr. Bailey;
“they are lobbyists ana if t had my way f
would diabar them.”

Mr. Tillman gaid the trouble was there
were so many lawyers in the Senate ‘who
were splitting hairs that everybody was

confused.

Mr. Bailey sprang,to his feet white with
anger. UP, Paid he, “and there are as
many dermago es here in the Senate.”

He was tired, he continued, of the ory
against the lawyers. “I don't know what
the Senator from SouthCarolina has oaningt

ra unless they blocked ear Vy

 

a a TART RT no —ngneesint
NS

| soe a bitions in South Caro’ ios
i ambitio:
2 i e Phat it true, he ought to get that cobweb

out of his brain.”

. Tillman asserted that he was after
the “miserable creatures” who rap arg
doing political chores for railroads. e

nothing against lawyers in general

   
    
   
   
   
    
  
     
   
   
  
 
  
     
 
  
  
   
      
    
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
    
  
    
   
  
   
    
   
   
 
   

fr pad

Ke ut he had some decided opinions form

Ky on account of some of the miserable

ee with whom he had come in gontact. Wi
gf great dramatio effect, standing with hand
i raised above Mr. Bailey's » Mr, Till-
Fx ian quoted from the scriptural text con-
PB emning lawyers:

i) “Oh s. lawyers; ye hypocrites!" shouted

upon the people

Mr. Tillman. “You la
borne, but you

burdens grievous to
e That ma aac be ct; but I'll get it

F may not oorrect; bu
and put in the Record,” added Mr, Tillman.

The bona fide attorneys, defended b
Mr, Bailey, made enough in fees, he asserted,
to enable them to pay for the transportation
for their families.

Mr. Bailey responded with a defence of
legal fees. “He had never heard a fair and
honest client complain of his attorney's
fee. “It is those who denounce ayyers
loudest who are the first to appeal to them
when trouble comes.”

The incident created much excitement for
the time, but at its conclusion both Senators
Bailey and Tillman were laughing.

The Senate then adopted the conference
Teport on the railroad rate bill.

he pure food bill was also eed to
by both houses and goes to the ident
for his signature.

Among the independent _ bills Pe
was one incorporating the Natio u-
cational Association. ,

In the executive session nearly all of
the pending nominations were confirmed,
including that of Franklin Lane of Cali-
fornia as Interstate Commerce Commis-
sioner,

At 6 o'clock the Senate took a recess
until 8 P. M., but just before doing so
adopted the conference report on the Ag:
rioultural Appropriation bill, including the
Hovse meat inspection amendment.

EVENING SESSION.

The evening session of the Senate was
iven over to a filibuster nst Senator
a Follette’s bill limiting to sixteen the num-
ber of hours that railway employees should
be allowed to work continuously. It was
begun immediately after the recess, when
the Wisconsin Senator endeavored to seoure
i a vote upon his measure,

Senator Gallinger of New Hampshire
began the long talk, and after a time was
relleved by Senator Carter of Montana,

. who just before the end of his former term
talked for hours and thereby defeated the
River and Harbor bill. Later, Senator

. Nelson of Minnesota joined in the sym-
posium, and f ollette himself, by
replying to the attacks of the three Sena-
tors, contributed to the death of his

measure.

The Senate at 11:40 adjourned until 10 to-
morrow morning,and the House at 12:12
adjourned until 10:55 to-morrow.

Last Cabinet Meeting This Summer.

WASHINGTON, June 20.—The regular meet-
ing of the Cabinet,the last that will be held
probably between now and next September,
was held at the White House to-day. At-
torney-Genera! Moody brought over from
the Department of Justice a large masa of
documents pertaining, it was # ’
to the Standard Oil prosecution, and there
was a long discussion.

The President will leave W pebiagton to-
morrow for Oyster Bay to spend the summer,

¥

Peete
Ss

EDS THe ty

ESS

    
   
    
  
 
  
  
 

    
 

 
   
 
    
   
  
    
   
  
  
 

OUR bookkee er will be
giad to know how he
can eliminate many

tedious operations and
handle his work more
promptly and accurately.
Send him to inspect

The New Suniés Premier
‘ Billing Machine
at our New York Branch,

The Smith Premier Typewriter Co. ,
Syracuse, NX.

aD
CONTROVERSY IN THE HOUSE.

————— a
Unpleasantness Between Dalzell of Penn:
sylvania and Ceoper of Wisconsin.

Wasrinaton, June 20,—A personal con-
tr.versy between Messrs, Dalzell of Penn-
sylvania and Cooper of Wisconsin, which
had its first public expression in tha House
yesterday during the consideration of
a resvlution to suspend the rule requiring
the printing of conference reports, broke
out afresh to-day. Mr. Cooper had eaid
that the resolution was a deliberate and
distinct effort to violate the spirit of the
rules of the House.

After the journal -had been approved
to-day, Mr. Datzell called attention to
changes in the text of Mr. Cooper's speech
as it appeared inthe Record and he moved
that the speech aa delivered be substituted,

Mr. Coo denied the statement or im-

putation that he had substantially changed
the manuscript, to which Mr. Dalzell re-
led that he would leave to the House
he decision of ron duenran whether or
not the gentleman had done a dishonor-
able and indecent thing. When in the
quiet of reflection hehad stricken out words
which he had not the courage to assume
reapensibility for, impugning the motives
and intelligence of members, when words
were spoken in debate which a member
afterward feels a sense of shame for hav-
ing uttered, said Mr, Dalzell in conclusion,
there was only one honorable, manly thing
to do, to withdraw them in the manner
and in the presence where hey ‘were spoken.
(Applause)

. Cooper replied, justifying his action
which, he said, did not change in any sub-
stantial sense what he had spoken, which
he reiterated and stood responsib or
here or elsewhere. He had distinctly ex-
pressed his intention not to impugn the
motives of any member, and in the face of
that fact for Mr. Dalzell to assert that he
had impugned the motives of members was
grossly unjust and unfair. He said that a
reason for Mr. Dalzell’s course might be
found in the fact that he (Cooper) had op-
po and voted Dalzell’s ship
canal bill, since which time Dalvell had been
so edgewise toward him t) vv could not
do him justice.

The motion to expunge and substitute
was agreed to, 66 to 48, many members re-
fusing to vote.

MERIT SYSTEM FOR OUR CONSULS.

Secretary Root Recommends Its Adeption
by Executive Order.

WASHINGTON, June 20.—A oopy of a letter
written by Secretary of State Root to the
President under date of June 25, in regard
to extending the civil service rules to the
Consular Service, was made public to-day
The letter follows:

“I transmit herewith, for your considera-
tion, a draft executive order designed to
extend the system commonly called the
merit system of the civil service to the
consular branch of the service.

“The main features of the order were
embodied in the early forms of the Consular
Reorganization bill passed at this session of
Congress, but they were dropped out largely
for the reason that their enactment by
Congress would appear to be an infringe-
ment upon the President’s constitutional
power to appoint Consuls. Your adoption
of the rules by executive order will be free
from that objection, and judging from the
very positive commendation which many
members of both Houses have expressed
for the pro; change in the methed of
appointing Consuls, I do not doubt that the
new system will receive the hearty approval
of the Senate and of Congress, whanever
occasion may arise for an expresion upon
the subject.

“The principle of the new rules was
heartily approved by the very representa-
tive convention held in Washington last
winter, composed of leading business men
from all parts of the country; and both the
principle and the practical adaptability
of the rules have been subjected to careful
consideration “by a board of five of the
most able and experienced officera in the
Consular Service convened in Washington
on the 4th of this month for the purpose
of advising upon the application of the
new Svorganieahon act to the service.
That act, by its terms, is to take effect on
the 30th day of June, and it is desirable that
the new rules take effect at the same time.”

 

UNDER THE REBATE LAW,

 

86 Indictments, 9 Convictions and 8 Cases
Nelle Prossed.

Wasnkrnaton, June 29.—In replying to a
Senate resolution, Attorney-General Moody
to-day said that under the Elkins rebate
law the Department of Justice has secured
86 indictments, resulting in @ convictions,
2 acquittals and 8 cases nolle prossed, leay-
ing 22 cases still pending. Eleven of these
indictments were for receiving rebates, 10
for granting rebates, 5 for conspiracy to
obtain rebates, and } for conspiring to grant
them.

In a report on the prosecutions under the
interatate commerce law proper it is shown
that since the passage of the act 84 indict-
ments have been secured, of which $3 had
been nolle prossed, 18 had been quashed, 6
dismissed, 12 were not prosecuted, 6 resulted
in acquittels and 16 in convictions.

Divided by administrations it stands:
Cleveland's first, indictment nolle prossed;
Harrison's, 85 indictments, 6 convictions;
Cleveland's second, 19 indictments, 6 oon-
victions; McKinley's, 22 indictments, 56
convictions; Roosevelt's, 6 indictments, no
convictions.

Of the $500,000 appropriated for the en-
forcement of the Sherman anti-trust law,
the Attorney-General says that $204,700
Bay pees expended, leaving an available
balance of $295,291.

General Counsel of Canal Commission.

WASHINGTON, June 29.—The Isthmian
Canal Commission announces the appoint-
ment of Mr. Richard Reid Rogers as general

unsel. Mr. Rogers was graduated from

rinoeton University and from the Uni-
versity of Virginia, is a native of Kentucky
and was formerly Assistant Attorney-
General of that State. At the time of his
eppois tent he was conrected with the firm
of Guthrie, Cravath & Henderson.

 

Common sense clothing, all qualities, one grade of

workmanship—the best.

ou
A 17. Feel 4
o> ff

 
  

 

 
  

a a

p J)-
y4 ly O ihe
co, Cae yo fh rs
« bs vA ;
Py J

Ve Poe OF 8 Bi

 
 
 

SUN, SATURDAY, JUNE 80, 1906. . ;
MEAT INSPECTION BILL PASSED | THE HOUSE READY TOADJOURN

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
  

 

 

SENATE FINALLY ACCHRPTS THE Knox. q ALL IMPORTANT LEGISLATION
HOUSE AMENDMENT. OUT OF THE WAY.

           

 

 

HATS

are celebrated the world over.
Every veriety of stylish Summer hat

in a great profwiom of straws, bam- |
beos and panamas,

. Genate's Agreement to the Conference Re
port on the Raliread Rate Bill Is Re-
ceived With Applause—Disagrees to
Senate Amendments te Bullding Bill.

It Provides That the Government Shall Pay
the Cest ef Inapection and Kilminates
the Proavision That Canned Meats
Shall Shew Date ef Inspection.

WaskInaTon, June 20.—Senator Proctor,
chairman~ of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Came into the Senate at 3:30
this afternoon, followed by the other Sen-
ate conferees. Mr. Proctor and his col-
leagues looked jaded. |

At the first opportunity Mr, Practor ex-
Plained the difficulties that confronted the
conferees on the agricultural bill and said
that the House confereea would not ao-
quiesce in the Senate» contention that the
meat packers should pay the cost of in-
8pection under the Beveridge meat inspec-
tion amendment, nor in the other pro-
posed requirement that canned meats
show the date of the inspection on the Gov-
ernment Jabel. Mr. Proctor said the Ag-
ricultural Appropriation bill would fail
unless the Senate instructed her conferees
to recede. He moved that the Senate so
instruct.

Mr. Hansbrough of North Dakota, another
Republican conferep, charged that the
meat packers had worked up the telegrams
gent to Congress. He joined Mr. Proctor
in urging that the Senate recede.

Mr. Beveridge of Indiana, author of the
meat inspection amendment, made a spirit«
speech, in which he said the main point had
been gained in that a general inspection
law would go upon the statute books. The
details were not all that were desired, but
in time these omissions could and would be
corrected. ,

© sensational speech was reserved for
Senator Neleon of Minneapolis. He ex-
preased the highest indignation at the out-
come. “ ge nome like a whipped cur,”
said he; “whipped by the packers and range
cattlemen.” e packers, he said, were not
willing to accord to the American people
the r privilege enioyed hy the private
soldier in the British army of know the
date of all commissary supplies. “They
want us to eat their canned meats whether
they are fresh or as old as Methuselah.
(Laughter.| Three considerations influ-
en the oconolusions reached in this
case, the packers, range cattlemen and the
foreign market for meat products.”

Mr. Nelson hoped Mr. Beveridge would
live to see the legislation improved. “But
T'll_say to him now that he will be as old
as I am or older before he will get abead
of the packers and the ra cattle, men.”

Mr. Simmons of North Carolina, the
third Senate conferee, declare that Con-

surrendered to the Standard Oil

Ser in the pipe line legislation on the
rate bill and had yielded to the second
test and ent monopoly,

© beef trust. He denounced the House
amendment as a “miserable surrender
to monopoly.” It was a shame and he
would never yield but for the desire to ad-
journ and to save the Agricultural Appro-
riation bill, which could not pass unless

e concessions demanded by monopoly
were granted.

Mr. Stone of Missouri said his constitu-
ents represented live stock men and packers,
and he desired to say a word for the packera.
“This agitation has been disastrous—cer-
tainly barmful to the live stock interests.”

At the conclusion of the debate Mr.
Proctor withdrew his motion and retired
with the other conferees for further con-
ference. The Senate conferees desired the
Senate to instruct them to recede, but
the leaders declined to break the rule against
instructing conferees.

Just before adjournment the Senate
conferees reappeared and submitted the
conference report, by which the Senate
yielded the two points in dispute, and the
report accepting the House amendments
‘was prom up opted.

m the House reconvened at 8 o'clock

ht Mr. Wadsworth called up the
re on the Agrioultural Appropriation
bill with the eet i tion amendment,
and it was agr to without division. The
amendment as finally a to is exactly
the same aa it was when it passed the House.

HAS CONSTANTLY and ‘STEADILY INCREASED
in Popularity and Esteem, and is sow ACCEPTED
THROUGHOUT the ENTIRE CIVILIZED WORLD
as possessing all the. properties of an IDEAL and
PERFECT TABLE WATER.

WIFE COMES TO THAW’S AID

Continued from Firat Page.

al! probability until his trial. His lawy ra
have told him that he may have severa
months to wait.

The District Attorney got hold of a very
important witness yesterday afternoon.
He was Thomes MoCaleb, Thaw's friend
from California who dined with Thaw and
his wife on Monday night and went to the
roof garden with them. There was some idea
that McCaleb wouldn't be very willing
to make a full statement of what he knew
to the prosecution, but it was said that he
told Mr. Garvan a very full story, From
what could be learned McCaleb's story is
interesting in showing that Mrs. Thaw and
he started to leave the roof garden before
the shooting and were on their way out
when they heard the shots. MoCaleb is
said to have sworn that when the shots were
heard Mrs. Thaw snatched him by the arm
and made this remark.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
 
     
   
    
    
  

    
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
    
    
    
   
  

WasHtnaroy, dune 20,—‘ihe House of Rep-
resentatives was in position to have ad-
journed to-day, but several important
measures did not reach it from the Senate.
Final action was taken upon the pure food,
Ohio River and Lake Erie ship canal and
naturalization bills by adopting the can-
ference reporte thereon.

The publfe buildings bill, having been re-
turnéd to the House with the Senate »mend-
ments, was taken from the Speaker's table,
the amendments disagreed to and a con-
ference asked.

Mr. Sulzer, New York, said: “The Senate
over there, the State of New York not being
represented, struck out the item of $450,000
to complete the New York Custom House.
I hope the the House conferees will see
that that item goes back into the bill.”

When the General Deficiency Appropria-
tion bill, with Senate amendments, was
recelyed the amendments were non-con-
curred in and a conference asked.

The Senate bill permitting, in the case
of vessels carrying fifty or more pas-
sengers, tne placing of the fire pump above
the lower deck was passed.

A resolution was passed authorizing
Measra. Burton of Ohio, Lorimer of [linois
and Burgess of Texas to ait during the recess
and investigate the cause of the delay in the
construction of a Igck and canal at Plaque-
mine, La; also a _ resolution asking
the Secretary of War to transmit to the
House a list of the permits, licenses or other
franchises for the use of the water at St.
Mary's Canal, Mich.,, or at other points
tending to diminish the water supply of
Lake Michigan; also a resolution asking the
Secretary of State to send acircular letter
to all United States Consuls directing them
to get all the information possible of the
operation of postal savings banks wherever
organized from 1906 to the present time,
the information to be sent to Congress at its
next session,

The Senate bill permitting the State of
New Jersey Ld any agency it may authorize
to improve the channels along the sea-
coast of that State was '

In oommittee of the whole, the House took
vp ie bill to amend the customs adminis-
trative act. The bill, which is purely tech-
nical, relating to the proceedings in matters
of undervaluation in invoices of imports,
was perfected by the adoption of several
amendments pro) by the Committee
on Ways and Means, and was Terored to the
House and . There being nothin

ing before the House, Mr. Heflin o
Alabama was permitted ta make a_tariff
6 h for campaign purposes. Mr. Waldo
of New York followed, advocating the ship
subsidy bill.

An hour was given to the consideration
of the bill incorporating a company to build
a railroad from Coraova Bay to Eagle,
Alaska, on the line between the Territory
and British Columbia, a distance of 525
miles. By the terms of the bill the com-

is permitted to buy four sections of
faad ee Cordova Bay, on which to construct
a city, at $2.60 an acre, and a section of coal
land at $10 an acre for the purpose of secur-
ing fuel for railroad use only. It is also
proposed to extend to eight years the period
within which it must become completed (the

neral law makes the period four years).
ut if 250 miles were not completed in five
eara the company forfeited its right to the
and granted. @ bill was passed, 101 to 49,

A concurrent resolution was ag to
empowering the President to order a naval
exhibition at Tampa Bay and a display of
troops in connection with the exposition
to be held at Tampa in 1908, celebrating the
beginning of work on the Panama Canal.
A proviso was added that it should not be
held to commit the Government to any
expenditure in the future.

The conference report on the bill to regu

Agenoles tn all principal cities in the world. — b

    
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_——

SEVEN FINED FOR SPEED.

 

Underwood's Original

LITTLE RED DEVIL

DEVILED HAM

  

Wunday's Crop of Ante Cases in Special
Sessions Pay 20 te 640,

Seven persons were fined for violation
of the motor vehicle speed limit in Special
Seasions yesterday. Sentence was sus-
pended on Joseph F. Tims, 89 yeare old,
of 128 Fifth street, Long Island City, said
to be a driver for George S. Robbins, with
offices at 24 Broad street. He was arrested
for speeding on Broadway between Ninety-
first and Ninety-second streets on Sun-
day, June 24. ~

The casea in which fines were imposed
were all“of last Sunday's crop, except one.
They are:

Robert Harris, 24 years old, of 60 East
Eighteenth street, said to be chauffeur
for Frank 8. Newkirk of 78 Lafayette
avenue, Brooklyn, an automobile dealer
was arrested on St. Nicholas avenue
tween 148th and 146th streets. Fined $20.

Emanuel Cedrino, 27 years old, of 316
West Thirty-sixth street, chauffeur for
Jerome B. Haines, 864 West Fifty-fifth
street, fined $40. He was arrested at
Thirty-eighth street. while going up Broad-
wey at the rate of a mile in three minutes,

fames Garbett, 22 years old, of 252 West
Forty-sixth street, said to be chauffeur
for John J. Mooney of 388 St. Nicholas
avenue, was fined $25 for speeding on Kighth
avenue between 147th and 145th streets.

Robert Dula, 17 years old, a schoolboy of
1 West Eighty-firat street, was arrested
for going at the rate of a mile in two min-
utes on Pelham Parkway. He was fined $30.

Lee H. Campbell, 22 years old, of 222 West
Thirty-eighth etreet, chauffeur for Alfred
J. Picard, automobile dealer of 6 Weat
108d street, was arrested on 8t. Nicholas
avenue between 148th and 160th streets for
speeding too fast and was fined $20.

Edward Stoll, 24 years old, of 106 West
Sixty-seventh street, was arrested on
Seventh avenue at Thirty-seventh street
for going at the rate of one mile in 8.27
minutes. He was fined $20. j

Arthur Gross, 20 years old, of 995 Union
avenue, The Bronx, chauffeur for Edward
Balback, Jr.,a merchant BvIO8 at the Hotel
Savoy, Was arrested on May 6for going ata
rate of twenty miles an hour on the West
Drive of Central Park. He was fined $25.

All paid their fines.

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

   
   
    
 

 

A delictous, clean, honest, Boston
atabuer from wholesome Hams
and pure spices, Nothing else.
All our other products are eer
ared with the samecare. Sold
E all first-class dealers. Send
15 cents for sample can.

WM. UNDERWOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.

“My God! He's shot him.”

Just what reason McCaleb gave for their
starting to leave before the shooting could
not be learned. He said that he had gone to
dinner with them at the Café Martin, de-
scribed how they sat at the table and where
White sat, The seat that White took was
one facing Mra. Thaw. McCaleb said that
White's naine, however, was not mentioned
at the dinner and thst he did not see any
note passed between Thaw and his wife
during the dinner. When they got to the
roof garden he sat down with Mrs. Thaw,
Thaw after awhile got out of his seat and left
them. His statement covered many im-
portant points, it is said, but every effort
is being made to keep all the evidence quiet
until the trial. '

The story about a note being passed from
Mrs. Thaw to her husband was told by a
reporter, who said he got it from Thaw after
his arrest. The reporter was examined by |
Mr. Garvan yesterday afternoon and swore
that Thaw had told him in the Tenderloin
station that his wife had passed him_a note
when she saw White, saying ‘‘That blaok-
guard is here,” and that Thaw also said in
reference to seeing White at the roof gar-
den later:

“I saw that damned scoundrel sitting
there, and there she (Mrs. Thaw] was all
trembling and nervous.”

Mr. Garvan is now trying to get hold ef
Truxton Beale, who was sitting at the White
table. He lives in Washington, but it is
understood that he will appear before Mr,
Garvan to-day.

That Thaw's triai is to be replete with
scandal would seem to be indicated by the
plan the defence has adopted. They are
hunting for everybody who can testify to
anything unsavory in the life of the dead
architect and are planning to call many of
the latter's friends. i ce Lae

The statement was made by one of the
lawyers yesterday that the defence already
had proof of seyeral of tie stories told
concerning orgies held by White and some
of his friends and had located the places
where these ocourred. According to the
statement of Thaw's lawyers, White is
known to have had two “studios” under a
different name than his own. One was
in Twenty-fourth street and the other in
Twenty-seocond. The Twenty-fourth street
place, they say, was maintained before
White's acquaintance with Miss Nesbit.
It was in the Twenty-second street place,
the defence expects to prove, that a dinner
was given about which complaint was made
to the Gerry society.

Both plages were hired under the same
name, and according to Thaw’s lawyers
all the testimony concerning what went
on at these places will be relevant and will
be brought out.

The defence, among other things, has
got a description of the ring worn by White
when he was killed and which was described
by those who took charge of it at the Coro.
ners’ office as being very indecent. It will

e one of the points of the defence before
the jury.

Many such stories have reached the
District Attorney's office also and are to
be investigated by the prosecution because
of the line that the defence is to take. The
prosecution for its purposes is investigating
Thaw's life in order to show what kind of a
man he was.

De Lanoey Nicoll, who was a friend of
White's, was asked yesterday about a re-
port that White had consulted him about
a certain suit which it is said he had Miss
Nesbit inatigate against Thaw before her
marriage. Mr. Niool said:

“I know nothing about such a matter.
Mr. White was a friend of mine and he did
come to me several times in reference to
the persecution he was receiving from
Thaw. I mean the way in which Thaw was
having him followed by detectives. That
is the only matter in reference to Thaw
that he ever consulted me about. I did not
act as his lawyer then, noram I the family's
legal representative now.

“I do not care to discuss Mr. White's
affairs any further. I know absolutely
nothing, either, about his financial oondi-
tion.”

In regard to this matter the story was
printed yesterday that White had left many
large debts, among the creditots being his
own firm. Inquiry at the offices of McKim,
Mead & White, met with this response:

“None of the members of the firm have
any statements to make regarding Mr.
White's affairs.”

The man who made this statement said
that the firm was oollecting all the newa-
paper clippings abont the affair, but for
what reason he did not say.

  
 

 

 

 

CHAMPAGNE
shipped by Messrs.
Krug & Co. has
the words “Private
Cuvée” on the la-

 

 

All the high-grade

 

 

SALVADOR TO EXPLAIN TO US

Why She Alded the Revyolationists Agalaost
Guatemala.

WASHINGTON, June 20.—The State De-
partment was informed to-day that Salvador
was sending J. R. Pacas, a special com-
missioner, to Washington to make his Gov-
ernment’s position known in the recent
revolutionary movements directed toward
Guatemala frem his country. It is eaid
that President Escalon of Salvador was
unfriendly toward President Cabrera of
Guatemala and did all in his power to assist
the revolutionists. Now that the revolu-
lutionists are overthrown Guatemala is
seeking reparation from Salvador.

Salvador asserts that ber sympathies
were with the revolutionists because it was
understood that Mexico and the United
Stateswere giving them their moral Suppor,
A commissioner is also being sent to Mexico
by Salvador on a similar mission. Mr,
Jenkins, the American Consul at Salvador,
is accompanying Mr. Pacas.

 

   

   

 
 

AMOLEK
N

¥ ’
CLUPECO SHRUNK Q. sits -;
18 CENTS EACH; 2° POR 25 OENTR
CLUETT, PEABODY 4 co.
WASERG OF CLUBTT 468 MORARCM BrATS

        
 
  

  

 

THE PUBLIC BUILDING BILL,
late the movement of vessels in Hampton

Roads and adjacent waters during the con-
tinuance of the Jamestown tricentennial
epoaiion was adopted.

r. Mann of Illinois called up the con-
ference report on the pure food bill, which
was adopted without dissent. He told the
members that the measure as agreed upon
was the bill that passed the House with a
few ited which he proceeded to set
forth.

The provision affecting the question of
States rights and the control of the Federal
Government over original packages was
stricken out, which Mr. Williams so say
“I was very anxious to vote for the bill and
now am able to do so.”

Mr. Mann—It was because we desired
the vote of the distinguished gentleman
from Mississippi that we struck it out, so
that it may beunanimous. (|Laughter.]

At 3:20 o'clock the House was notified
that the Senate had agreed tothe conference
reports on the railroad rate and pure food
bills, the announcement being greeted with
applause and satisfaction,

The conference report on the Sundry
Civil bill was reported to the House and

to without division, including the
Senate amendment a ropriating $1 325,000
for the Jamestown Centennial Fxposition.

Mr. Taw explained that the Senate
had added $8,004,114, but by holding out
the House had reduced these figures
$4,816,000, leaving $3,688,114 increase over
the amount in the bill reported by the
Committee on Appropriations of the House.

With the certainty of adjournment to-
morrow making every one happy, the
House to-night adopted a free and easy
programme. @ weather was C Races vey
warm and produced a foolish feeling, whic!
was continually manifesting itself in the
remarks made upon the while the
House was waiting for conference reports,

8 Cannon, clad in a black alpaca
coat, with his sleeves rolled far above his
elbows, strode about the floor and assisted
in eto up the humor. Repre-
sentative Gaines of West Virginia was the
only member serious. He discussed the
tariff for an hour. His namesake from
Tennessee, “Dr.” Gaines, read an original
poem on “When Democracy Shall Die, "which
produced the test laugh of the session.

Re ntative Gardner of Massachusetts
felicited Representative Maynard of Vir-
ginia in a humorous speech upon his suc-
cess in bunooing Conarens into appro-

riating $1,325,000 for the Jamestown Tri-
Pentennial Exposition. Representative
Clark of Missouri arraigned the Repub-
liicans for an assumed love for the laboring
man and their failure to pase the eight hour
bill and the anti-injunction bill.

He also charged that the Republicans
had failed to pass the publicity bill requir-
ing the publication of campaign funds be-
cause they wanted one more chance to fry
out the fat to help in the coming Congres-
sional campaign. ~

At 11:80 the House was still in session.

—————
Army and Navy Orders.

WasHiwoton, June 29.—These army orders were

fesued to-day:

 

 

Cenferees Wrangiing Over Items for New
York Custem House and Post Office Site.

WASHINGTON, June 28.—Among a dozen
or fifteen items of the omnibus publio
buildings bill over which the conferees
have as yet been unable to agree is the action
of the Senate in striking from the bill the
appropriation of $450,000 for finishing the
interiorof the New York Custom House. The
Senate amendment appropriating $350,000
for repairs to the New York Assay Office
is another item in dispute, as 18 also the
Senate amendment Spar p rating $3,000,000
for acquiring a site in Washington for a
building or buildings for the Departments
of State, Justice and Commerce.

nie conrereas ri en nts ts eession
t reater of the n and an agree-
ae of ede uind is px tscken whan Toth
houses assemble in the morning. As the
bill contains considerable “pork" for the
different Congressional districts it will
hardly be allowed to fail.

ere ome

  

“Hammocks.”

MEXICAN, ALGERIAN and DOMESTIC;

LAWN UMBRELLAS
AND TABLES

lewis & @oncER,

130 & 182 West 424 Street, and
185 West 41st St.. New York.

LANE'S NOMINATION CONFIRMED.

Opposed in the Senate Because He Was @
Free Sliverite and Pepullat.

WasHINGTON, June 20.—In executive
session this afternoon the Senate coafirmed
the nomination of Franklin Lane of Cali-
fornia as Interstate Commerce Commis-
sioner. The consideration of the case re-
quired only a few minutes, but in that brief
time several strong speeches were made
condemning the nomination. Senator For-
aker of Ohio, Senator Tillman of South
Carolina and Senator Kean of New Jersey
were specially severe in their condemna-
tion of the nominatioa.

It was urged against Mr. Lane that he
was a Bryan free silver Democrat in 1896
and full of populist ideas, and aot a fit man
for that reason to execute the Interstate
Commerce

Senator
Senator Flint of
State was appointed, sai
objected to Lane's appoiatment when it
was first sent in because he felt the com-
mission ought to be com of a ma-
ier of Republicans under a Republican
administration, and that Lane always
been a Democrat, But he bad no further
objections to offer now. that the commis-
sion was to be in , and the President
would have an opportunity to make a ma-
jority of the commission Republican in
spite of the Lane nomination.

When the motion was put to the Senate
on the confirmation of Mr. Lane there was
a resonant chorus of “noes,” but >o Sen-
ator demanded a roll call and the nomina-
tion was declared confirmed.

 

 
       
     

 

BUSINESS NOTICES. .
A AAR a tags

Soda, Ginger Ale, Sarsapariila,

* DELATOUR"
Lemon Soda. The best for nearly & century.

 

 

MARRIED.

WRIGHT—GILBERT.—On Wednesday, June a,
at Christ Church, by the Rey. Mr. Strong, : f
Anne Rhos des, daughter ef Mrs, Willlam Warren ;
Gilbert, to Frederick Williston Wright. 4

DIED.

PROST.—Isaac T, Frost dled at Portland, Mich,
Tuesday, June 26, In his 7ist year.

Interment et Poughkeepsie Friday morning,
June 20, 1996,

HOUSE,—-Charles W., at his late residence, 434
Grand ave., Brooklyn, on June 28, 1906, in the
67th year of his age.

Funeral services Sunday, July 1, at 2:30 P. M.,
at434Grandave,, Brooklyn. Interment private.

IRVING.—At Boonsboro, Md., on June 28, 1906,
Henry Irving, son of the late John Treat and
Helen Schermerhora Irving, aged 58 years,

eee Services and Interment In Washington,

MUIR,—At his residence, 15 Randolph pl., Orange, “T
N. J., on June 29, 1906, David Mulr,

Notice of funeral hereafter. Scotland papers
please copy.

TURNER.—Entered into rest on Thursday, June
28, 1906, at her residence, the St. Margaret Hotel,
city, Jennie Binney, beloved wife of George
G, Turner,

Funeral services will be held at the Church of
St. Mary the Virgin, West 46th st., between
Oth and 7th avs., on Saturday, June 80, at 8
o'clock,

WALBRIDGE.—Died, June 27,at North Bennington,
Vt, in the 79th year of her age, Delia Perrg
Walbridge, wife of James Hicks Walbridge.

INFORMATION
THE WHEREABOUTS of a woman na Walk
who married John Hamilton, a Dutcher of Liseere, ‘ '
County Antrim, Ireland; came here about 45 yoars i
ago. Address ANTRIM. box 107 Sun office. \
ee

law.
Elkins defended the nomination,
California, from whose
id he had | Ker Temporary Government of the Isle

of Pines.

WaSHINGTON, June 20,—Senator Mor-
gan to-day introduced a resolution provid-
ing a temporary government for the Isle
of Pines pending action by the United
States on the treaty with Cuba. The reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on
Pacific Islands and Porto Rico, Mr. Morgan
having moved that reference. Senator Cul-
lom h insisted on the reference of the
resolution to the Forei Relations Com-
paittee, but Mr. Morgan’s friends outvoted

im.

 

 

 

 

Senator Allison Is Home Stok.

WasHINGTON, June 20.--For the firat
time in many years Senator W. B. Allison,
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, will not be present in the olosing
hours of Congress. His health has been
80 Pp ous that on the advice of phy-
siciahs he left last SWORORT, for his home
in Dubuque, Ia. Senator Hale of Maine
has relieved Mr. Allison of most of the
labor on the general appropriation bills
at this session.

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHINGTON, June 29.—The battleship
Rhode Island has arrived at Yorktown,
the collier Alexander at Chefoo and the
tug Choctaw at Newport News.

Bins battleships Virginia and Louisiana
have sailed from Norfolk for Lynnhaven
Bay, the cruiser Chicago and destroyer
Preble from Astoria for Tacoma, the eer
Tacoma from Montauk Point for League
Island, the cruiser ton from Astoria
for Seattle, the gunboat Princeton from
Astoria for Bremerton and Anacortes and
the destroyer Paul Jones from Astoria for
Banta Cruz.

‘
President Vetees Twe Bilis.

WASHINGTON, June 29.—President Roose-
velt returned to the House of Representa-
tives to-day without his approval the bill
to survey and allot the lands of the Black-
feet Indian Reservation, M ontana, and open
the surplus lands to sett\ement. His ob-
section was to the provision relating to the

1 of water privileges, which he did
not believe properly protected the rights
of the Indian allotters.

Also the bill providing for a readjustment
of the annuit payable to the Sac and
Fox Indians in Iowa and those in Oklahoma.
The President in his message said he would
have ap myeeeagasion e@, 80 that the
division might equably made on a
numerical! basis.

 

 

 

Another Jiminez in the Field. WANTED. : i H
WasHINGTON, June 20.—Mr. Joubert,
Minister of Santo Domingo to this country,
brought the news to the State Department

to-day that the Jiminez recently men-
toned as the leader of the Dominican
revolutionists is not the Gen. Jiminez of

 

 

to be actuated by no motives of persoal Tt
enmity, but simply by the desire to rid the q

 

es B. Hardin, Twentieth Infantry

former fame, but another man hitherto Wire Company Buys Iron Werks or Chari It waslearned yesterday that some years
unkn ; San Francisco. / town of a 1 istrea
ewe Ih reraulonary rows, York, Pa., June 20.—A deal was com- First Tt cuts James D. ‘Reams, trom Twentieth | 860 the District Attorney's office received | girls, Wee ten cocedhins mene rue }
pleted here to-day whereby the Heahy eri teit wetifhn P. Johnson, from Twenty - & communication in the nature of a com- to the Gerry society.” .
Fireproof Wire Company purchased the | tth to Twentieth Infantry. plaint regarding the doings of a certain Commissioner Lantry der: 4
plant x the ane TOR ane ren foo: Tocco nave ashore wore toned: a eee man, in which Miss terday that Thaw ‘shoul re ond 8 Yk am ”
y for $366,000. T. A. W. ck Ww e 7 , place: it figured. ere Was some teat,- allowed 3
fre Zeneral manager of the new firm, which a Sathtes placed on resirea tes mony taken afd then ie iatter a to receive visitors out of the regular visiting é

hours, which are from 12 to 2. His w

has beer seeing him outside of these ae
The Commissioner said that no exception
should be made for Thaw in any way. The
police, on the other hand, had to ask yes-
terday that Mrs. Thaw should not make her
visit between the hours of 12 and 1. They }
eaid that there were so many factories in 29
the neighborhood whose hands were on df
the streets in that hour that each visit
would lead to large crowds requiring @

now has a capitalization of $50,000. The
capital will be increased to $1,500,000 in
the near future

Wire insulating machines will be built
in the present machine shop The foundry
shop will be equippee with wire machines.
For the present the company will not draw
its own + ire

Orleans.
Lisutenant Commander J. B. Patton, to navy
ash n

mete ee
Lieut. L. B. ry to Asiatic station.
Bieee W. N. Vernon, to naval academy, An-
napolis.
mrgece G. Piokrell, from the Franklin and three’
months sick leave granted.
ssistant Surgeon A.J, Geiger, tothe Brooklyn,
R.R command of the Pam-

dropped. Miss Nesbit, it is understood,
refused to appear as a complainant.

Anthony Comstock, who says that he
and Thaw were fellow vice chasers for a
while, didn't try to see Thaw yesterday.
He had read that Mr. Olcott had forbidden
the warden of the Tombs to let _Comstook
see Thaw.

“I don’t understand Mr. Oloott’s atti-
tude,” said Comstock. “I have been very

         
 
  

    

aR. KH. 8.
penge o command of the Arayat.
en K, Shoup, from command of th * Arayat
to the bow.

“PURE WATER! SAVES ICE."

 

    
   
 
   
  
    

    
  
 
 

Last Week but One at State Camp.
PEBKSKILL, N. Y.,; June 29.—To-morrow
will see the end of the fourth week of the

    

             
  
   
 
  

        
   

nnin f the Major's Water Filter placed Inside of Water : maki c
faith o cent ant r oe beanee. The rey ey 2 Ly) pa a! wrot ey ake Sor eee I shail al ee of ts, | lot of police. The request was made to
Twelfth will etrike camp immediately after | we sell diece tase tell you how to put them a adhe ith ah’ tee cal 0 Mr. Olcott | Thaw's lawyers, and they said that Mrs
breakfast. Two regiments, the Fourteenth: | {024 the cise TRY eet for you. Addtes | Thaw © trouble is. I regard | Thaw would make her visit after 1 o'clock.
and Forty-second, will ocoupy the plateau Manufacturing Co., 461 Pearl st., New York. aw as a misguided young man,for whom | She has announced her intention of visiting

the final week,

I would be delighted to testify. He seemed ' her husband every day.

 

*

 

em ee eee Hs AL

  

ene ee eee ee Tee nee