‘
Fe nh tae ate eee Te OL a a 2
f AR r PS ore vrn " Ter

 

 

 

SCAMITTBERGER PREACHES

DRAWS A FEW MORALS FOR PUD-
LIC SCHOOL GRADUATES,

Tells the Youngsters That They Should
Learn From the White Shooting to
Avold Cigarettes and Craps and Whis-
key--T'wo of His Own Sons Hear Him,

 

Out of the fund of his many years of ex~-
perience as a member of New York's police
force Police Inspector Max F. Schmitt-
berger of the Second inspection district
yesterday drew several morals to point hia
advice to the graduating class of School 74,
at 220 East Sixty-third street. Inspector
Schmittberger's appearance on the plat-
form at the graduating exercises was not
unheralded. Oswald O. Schmittberger and
Werner Schmittberger were seen to enter
the school yard yesterday with an air of
importance. Oswald: 0., the elder, wore
anew pink tieand his shoes were blacked.

“Give us de lay, Kid-do,” petitioned one of
Oswald's intimates. “What you throw-
ing all the dog for?”

Oswald glanced over the speaker's head
and walked into his classroom with an air
of abstraction. But Werner, who has not
yet learned the niceties of deportment,
peached when he took his seat.

“The old man’s coming,” he whispered
to Willie the Mut, who heads the fixty-
third street gang.

“Who's pinched?” came in an excited
whisper from Willie.

Werner would have answered, but the
teacher called the class to attention and
marched it upstairs to the assembly room.
All the other classes were there. The
mothers and two of the fathers sat in a
semicircle on the platform, Principal John
Walsh sat behind the desk, on which the
pitcher of water and the bust of George
Washington stood.

But Police Inspector Schmittberger was
not there.

Principal, Walsh consulted his watch anx-
iously from time to time. The row of
mamas smiled indulgently at their several
offspring in the ranks of pupils and fanned
themselves patiently.

“Children,” began Principal Walsh, after
another fifteen minutes of waiting, “I
expected that to-day we would haye some
one to address you who is eminently fitted
to give you advice, Police Inspector Schmitt-
berger, father of Otto O. and Werner
Schmittberger. However, I feel that some-
thing important must have delayed Police
Inspector Schmittberger, and consequently
it is with regret that we will have to com-
mence the programme without him, Rise
and sing ‘America.’”

“America” was sung and Ann Marie
White was in the midst of her recitaiton
of “Thanatopsis” when a knock came at
the door. Ann Marie gulped in the middle
of a line and stopped. Principal Walsh
stepped to the door, op@ned it and ex-
tended his hand to Police Inspector Schmitt-
berger.

The police inspector wore his uniform,
with the badge of his office glinting on his
breast. A murmur of welcoming applause
greeted him as he walked with slow dignity
to the rostrum and filled the vacant chair
at the right of Principal Walsh. Then
Ann Marie finished telling how she would
wrap the draperies of her couch about her
and lie down to pleasant dreams.

“Children,” said Principal Walsh, “the

rson who is now to address you needs no
ntroduction. He represents the majesty
of the law. He is an officer of the city who
helps to guard our lives from the evil works
of lawbreakers. He has a few words to
say to the boys of the graduating class.
Children, this is Police Inspector Schmitt-
berger, the father of Otto O. and Werner
Schmittberger.”

As the inspector alla to the front of

the platform and pulled down the close
buttoned front of his jacket Willie the
Mut observed sotto voce: “Git onto the
9op’s star; it's got diamonds in it.”
_ “My little friends and boys of the graduat-
ing class,” began Police Inspector Schmitt-
berger, “it gives me great pleasure to come
here this afternoon and tell you of all the
wickedness and crime which I’ see and which
you must avoid if you wish to be President
of the United States or an inspector onthe
Police force. In the Tombs there is a rich
man who is accused of being a murderer.
That is because he did not avoid evil when
he wasaboy like you boys here. He prob-
ably played craps and went into the back
door of Hackenschmidt's saloon on Sun-
days with a pitcher for his mother.

Boys, avoid evil companions,” continued
the inspector. “If a boy asks you to smoke
a cigarette draw yourself proudly up and
say to that boy: ‘No, sir; cigarettes are bad.
I will not smoke a cigarette.’ If a young
man asks you to take a drink with him,
even if there is a sandwich on the table on
Buneay you tell that young man you know
where he will go if he drinks.

*You will find it hard, boys, to overcome
evil. I have found it hard. But you are

oung men and should fight against evil.

ven if we didn’t need to have such a large
Falite force or 60 Many inspectors, New

ork would be a better place if there was
not so much evil in it. Remember that,
ore,

rincipal Walsh gave the signal and all
applauded at this point in the inspector's
speech.

“And Jastly, boys,” concluded Inspector
Bchmittberger, “I would have you pick
out some example and follow him as your
guide. Find some man who is strong and
good and be guided by his example, I
always try to be an example to my boys,
George and Franklin, who graduated from

your school, and Otto and Werner, who are
still with you. There is noforce like the
force of example—not even the police
force.”

Police Inspector Schmittberger s parting
tally of wit brought out a laugh in which
Principal Walsh led. Then the inspector

of the Second inspection district took his
seat.

 

Walter Who Posed as Naval Officer Sent to
Jall.

SaLeM, Mass , June 29.—John M. Shew,
the Boston waiter arrested at the Essex
House last night at a champagne supper,
where he was posing at Lieutenant-Com-
mander Edward E. Capeheart, U. 8. N.,

leaded guilty in District Court this morn-
ng to obtaining food and lodging at the
hotel with no means of paying and was
sentenced to three months in the House of
Correction.

In court Shew still wore his uniform and
gold braid. He had no statement to make.

 

 

Debes Didn't Show His Badge.

Harry Pollok, managér of the roller skat-
ing rink in Madison Square Garden, was dis
charged yesterday when brought before
MagistrateBarlow on a charge of interfering
with a policeman, Policeman Debes did not
show his shield to Pollok when he was sent
over to investigate the loss of a $100 rin
by a yodng man named William Quinn of
607 Columbus “avenue. The policeman got
into eiduertel with Pollok and the arrest
followed.

 

Objects to Women Saloon Keepers.

Chief of Police Benjamin Murphy of Jersey
City says that the saloon industry is one in
which women should not be allowed to com-
pete with men and has furnished the Ex-
cise Board with a list of twenty-four women
saloon keepers who are expected to apply
for a renewal of their licenses. The chief
says he ho the Commissioners will re-
fuse all their applications.

“Selling booze is not a

roper Oocupa-
tion for any woman,” he a ii

d last night.

Friday Without Fast.

Roman Catholics were allowed yesterday
to eat fresh meat. It was the feast of Saints
Peter and Paul and special services were
held in all the Catholic churches. Accord-
ing to the general! rule of the Church Friday
is a day of abstinence. About ten days
age the Pope issued the order allowin

holics to eat meat yesterday, and at a
the y the pastors an-

masses last Sun

* nounced it.

 

 

 

RILEY RANNAN

Case Against Him Dismissed Before His
Wife Arrives in Court,

The case aga'nst Riley Grannan, the plun-
ger, brought by his wife on the charge of
non-support in the Coney Island court
two weeks ago, was dismissed yesterday
morning by Magistrate Voorhies because
of the non-appearance of Mrs, Grannan,
the prosecuting witness, An hour later
Mrs, Grannan limped into court, supported
by her maid and a coachman, and seemed
greatly surprised that the case against her
husband had been dismissed,

She upbraided the Magistrate for having
dismissed the case and declared that for a
week she had been confined to her bed by

inflammatory rheumatism. Her physician,
Dr. Stephen C. Petit of Sheepsbead ay)

GETS OFF.

had advised against her leaving her
Nevertheless she had pene to Magis-
trate Voorhies's court early in the mornin
anda yal unknown to her who answer
the ’phone had assured her that any time
before noon would be proper for her ap-
pearance. She had come only under great
pain. Magistrate Voorhies told her he was
sorry she had been tardy, but said she would
have to prefer fresh charges to secure the
trial of her husband.
In moving for a dismissal of the case
Attorney Dan O'Reilly, representing Gran-
nan, assured the Court that there was no
danger of Mrs, Grannan's becoming a
charge on King's county, since she was a
resident of Manhattan. She is at present
staying at the Sheepshead Bay Hotel.

——

 

NEVER MARRIED EMMA GOLDMAN
Herkman Denies Report of Wedding to the
“Anarchist Queen.”’

Alexander Berkman, who shot Henry C.
Frick and served fourteen years in prison
for the crime, announced last night that he
had thrown over Emma Goldman, to whom
he was said to be married. Berkman
was the guest of honor at a reception by

| anarchists last night at 206 East Broad-

| way. Some one in the hall asked Berkman

| when he arose to speak where Emma Gold-
man was. Berkman replied that she had
gone to Cleveland to speak at a meeting.
Then he took occasion to deny that he was
married to the “Queen of the Anarchists.”

“I never contracted a marriage with her,
anarchistio or otherwise. The reports that
were circulated to that effect were abso-
lutely false. She is simply a friend of mine
like thousands of other anarchists.”

Berkman told his audience that it was too
hot to speak and that he would cut his
remarks very short. He said that he would
deliver a Fourth of July oration in Phila-

delphia and would then go to Boston and
deliver a speech. After that he explained
he was going to a farm to stay and rest up
for three months. When his vacation had
terminated he would begin his book on
prison life.

eee
LASSOED BITING DOG.

Policeman Was Afraid to Shoot Beast Be
cause of Crowd—Boy Victim,

Essex street was treated to a biting dog
scare and a Wild West exhibition yesterday
when a mongrel belonging to no one in
particular bit a boy and was lassoed and
shot by Policeman Rafsky.

Snapping and snarling, the dog came
through Essex street shortly before 9%
o'clock, when the sidewalks were crowded
with children on their way to school. All
sought shelter in convenient stores and
hallways, but Henry Bernstein, 10 years
old, wasn't quick epouRh and the dog fas-
tened his teeth in the child's left leg.

Policeman Rafsky ran up and beat the
dog off, only to have his hands full in de-
fending himself. The dog jurnped about and
snapped, and Rafsky feared to shoot at him
lest a bullet go wild and glancing from the

vement injure some one. So he called
tor a rope, which was speedily provided,
and after one or two ineffectual casts Rafsky
succeeded in catchin,
Taking a turn around a post, Rafsky pulled
im the line, drawing tl dog gradually
nearer to the post. When he had him up

short Rafsky shot the beast.
A Gouverneur Hospital ambulance milpeoe

 

the dog in a noose.

cauterized the wounds in young
stein’s leg. The dog's bod:
to the Board of

REMARRIED, GOES TO JAIL.

Divorced Man Ignored Court's Order About
Taking Another Bride.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 29.—Howard Haines,
a resident of Goshen, was divorced from
his wife and the order of court debarred him
from remarriage for two years, He went
to Ohio and there married his hpusekeeper,
after which he returned with his bride.
Judge Dodge of the Circuit Court caused
his arrest for contempt and he was com-
mitted to jail for ten days.

There is a provision of State law giving
the court the right to bar remarriage in
ivorce cases for a specified time, but
his has heretofore been ignored, the prin-
cipals interested going to some neighbor-
ing State for the marriage ceremony.

was turned over

ealth for examination.

 

 

 

SHOOTS FATHER-IN-LAW DEAD.

 

Victim Tried to Murder Daughter Who Had
Eloped Three Months Ago.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 20.—Attempting
to shoot his fifteen-year-old daughter who
three months ago sloped with Joe Withe,
Rafael Marsicano of Hazleton was himself
shot and killed. His daughter is in the
hospital with a bullet in her head near her
right ear and is in a precarious condition.
Yever having forgiven his daughter or
her husband and ving brooded much
over their elopement, it is believed Mar-
sicano went to the daughter's home last
night with the intention of killing both her
and her husband. He reached there at
midnight, called his daughter to the door
and shot her as soon as she mepeered
Before he could fire agagn Withe sprang
upon him and after a struggle wrested the
revolver from him and shot him through
the head, killing him instantly.
Withe gave himself up.

Attempt to Seuttle Schooner Discovered.

PorTLAND, Ore, June 29.—What officers
of the vessel believe was an attempt to
scuttle the steam schooner Northland
last night was discovered early this morn-
ing, When the men in the engine room

ot up at 2 o'clock to attend thé fires th

ound four feet of water in the hold, a
reached over the elevated floor plates and
appeared to be gaining rapidly.

ealizing that the vessel was sinking,
First Engineer John Ehle notified Capt.
Jamieson and tho steam pumps were set
to work at once.

 

Record tp the Patrick Case Filed in the
Supreme Court.

WasuHinaton, June. 20.—The record in
the case of Albert T. Patrick, convicted of
the murder of William M. Rice, was filed
in the Spureme Court of the United States |
to-day. The case comes here on a writ of |
error granted by Justice Day, and the recor
is very voluminous. It would not be heard

in reguiar turn for nearly a year, but will
robably be advanced for ng in October
f the court is requested to do so.

 

Waidorf Astor and Bride Coming Here.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR Sun,
Lonpon, June 20.—Mr. and Mrs. Waldorf
Astor are passengers on the White Star |

 

 

Line steamer Celtic, which sailed from
Liverpool for New York to-day. :
The Rey. Judson Smith Dead.
The Rev. Judson Smith, |'. D., one of the

most prominent figures in the Congregational
Church of this country, died last night at his
home in Boston after a long illness. He was
born in Middlefield, Mass., in 1837 He was
educated at New York Central College, Ober-
lin and Amherst. He was connected with the
faculties of Oberli: Theological Séminary,
Williston Seminary and Oberlin College for
many years. In 1884 he was nade correspond-
| ing secretary for the American Roard of For-
eign Missions, holding the post to the time of
his death, He had the oversight of the board's
mission in China, Africa, western and oentral
Turkey and the Pacific Islands. He was a
widower with three daughters.

 

 

1. TRE SUN SATURDAY,

 

RALBD HAMLET INTO COURT.

 

RELUCTANT OPHELIA DEFENDS
HER OWN AGE LIMIT,

 

Miss Adelaide Fitz Allen Wouldn't Desoend
From Salvini to Smith—Table d'Hete
Innuendees Net te Be Rerne—Case
Threwn Out in a Cup of Coffee,

Whether insinuations that an actress ts
older than she says constitute disorderly
conduct was the puzzle that Magistrate
Walsh had handed to him in the West Side
court yesterday marning. Adelaide Fitz-
Allen, who says she was the younger Sal-
vini's leading woman when he died, eight
years ago, and was later with Henrietta
Crosman in “Mistress Nell,” had William
Barstow Smith, a theatrical manager,
who says he has done some acting, sum-
moned to court. Voth live in a theatrical
boarding house in West Forty-fourth street
opposite the Hotel Astor. {:

“I've been playing comedy leads on the
road all season,” said Miss FitzAllen,”
and only got back to the city a few days
ago. -As soon as I returned I learned
that Smith and his wife had been looking
up and down Broadway for me. He wanted
me to sign with him as co-star next year.
I saw him play “Hamlet” when he hired the
Hudson Theatre for a matinée @ year or
so ago, and when he moved into the same
board ing house with me I told him frankly
that the drop from Salvini to Smith was

too much.

“Last Wednesday night my mother and I
were dining at a table d'héte place in West
Forty-fourth street, when Smith and his
wife walked in. He came over to my table
and addressing his wife said with a sneer:
‘ ais it strange? She says she is 33 yeers
old.’

“I didn't care so much about that, be-
cause I can show by the church records
that I am only 33, but he is continually
saying mean little things about me at the
boarding house. He's been trying to en-
age me to play with him since he saw. me
do one act of “Parsifal” at Keith’s a year
ago this spring. Salvini said my Deede-
mona was the greatest he had ever seen.”

Smith's wife told the Court that when

they first met the actress in a West Twenty-
third street boarding house a year ago
ee pee her because she was in need
of help.
“Lier! liar! liar!” cried the actress. “You
begged me to accept a cup of coffee one
morning, which I took because you didn't
want to throw it out.”

At this point the dialo between the
two women became so rapid that the Court
dismissed the case.

NEW BRIDGE LOOP PLAN.
Borough President Ahearn Has a New
Scheme to Connect the Bridges.

The Board of Estimate at its meeting
yesterday postponed for a week considera-
tion of Bridge Commissioner Stevenson's

 

plan to join the Williamsburg and Brooklyn’

bridges by an elevated railroad loop.

All the members of the board favor the
scheme, with the exception of Rorough
President Ahearn of Manhattan, who is
opposed to any elevated railroad structure
on Delancey street.

Resolutions had been prepared calling on
the Rapid Transit Commission to lay out
the Joop plan, but Acting Mayor McGowan
suggested that the matter go over for a
week.

Mr. McGowan did not explain the reasons
which induced him to ask for the delay, but
it was learned afterward that some of the
delegations from the East Side who spoke
against the plan at the recent public hearing
had appealed to Borough Piesident Ahearn
for further time to submit additional argu-
ments, andthat it was in deference to Mr.
Ahearn’s request that the Acting Mayor
put the whole thing over for another week.

It was also exp.ained that Mr, Ahearn
might present another plan which would
be less obnoxious to the residents of the
East Side than that recommended by Com-
mitsioner Stevenson,

In UERIDg the board to consent to the
delay Mr. MoGowan said that it would im-
pose no harentp on any one.

“This matter has been hangng fire any-
way for over six years,” Mr. McGowan
said, “and if we grant the request for a
week's grace we may have a plan placed
before us which will give Brooklyn the
relief it is entitled to and at the same time
meet the objections which have been made
by the Borough President of Manhattan
to the disfigurement of Delancey street.”
The suggestion made by Mr. McGowan
was adopted.

NEW AUTO HOLDUP GAME,

 

‘Dead Man'’ Lying tn Road Comes to Life
With a Gun and Robs Party of Four.

PHNIXVILLE, Pa., June 20.—A party
of four Philadelphians, two women and
two men, who left Philadelphia this morn-
ing for an automobile jaunt through the
Perkiomen Valley, were skimming along
when the chauffeur discovered a dark object
lying in the middle of the road that re-

sembled a man.

The machine was stopped, the men
alighted from the auto and were about to
make an examination when the “dead one”
jumped to his feet, and drawing a revolver
ordered the inquisitive autoists to throw
up their hands.

Another roughly clad man emerged from
the woods and joined the Be All of
the party were thea relieved of their valu-
ables, which included $@4 in money, three
gold watches, several diamond rings and
a pair of diamond earrings which one of
the women was compelled to remove from
her ears,

The women were then forced to vacate
the machine and the highwaymen took
their places on the front eeat. About two
miles from where the hold-up occurred
the automobilists found their machine at
the kottom of Perkiomen Creek.

ROBBING SAN FRANCISCO'S POOR.

 

Politician and Foreign Red Cross Manager
Caught Selling Rellef Supplies.
San Francisco, June 20.—John Clark,

who is not a citizen of the United States |

but a recent arrival from Canada, in charge
of Red Cross relief station 1, in Golden
Gate Park, and George Bryant, an ex-convict
politician with a pull, employed as engineer
of children’s playgrounds in the park, were
about to form a combination for the whole-
sale looting of supplies that have been sent
by the charitable throughout the United
States for the relief of those made homeless
by the recent disaster when their undoing
came to-day.

‘bhey attempted to negotiate for the dis-

sition of 300 pairs of blankets to August
Bugarmann of Sugarmann Bro,, junk deal+
Sei iF the ridiculously low price of $1.20
a pair.

FOUR YOUNG WOMEN OVERCOME.

Effects of Gas Leakage From a Main Into
a Brooklyn Store. .

Four young women employed in the dry
goods store of A. 1. Namm in Fulton street,
Brooklyn, were 80 much overcome by gas
escaping from the street main on the Elm
place wing,of the store yesterday morning
that two ambulances were sent to the store
from the Brooklyn Hospital in response to
a hurried call for help to Police Head-

uarters.

The leakage had been going on for several
hours and several other employees in the
store who were working in the basement
were slightly affected. ambulance sur-
goons had the four ¢irls removed to an _—

rand they sooi recovered. One of the
fas men who was sent around to stop the

k was also nearly overcome.

 

 

 

 

‘SETTLES WILKINSON ESTATE.

Widow Gives 660,000 and Creditors Accept
88 1-8 Per Cent. of Vhetr Diaims.

PovuGcukrrpsrs, June 20,--To clear away
some of the obligations of her husband's
estate Mre, Robert F. Wilkinson has given
$60,000 out of ber private fortune and has
effected a eettlement with oreditora on a
basis of 881-8 per ovnt. of their claims.
This settlement has been approved by
Surrogate Willett BE: Hoysradt of Dutchess
county, x

Col, Wilkinson was a veteran of the
oivil war, executor and trustee of many
large estates and universally trusted.
For many years he was attorney for the
New York Central Riilroad here and was
active in politics, The present charter
of this city was drawn by him. He was.
member of the vestry of St. Paul's Church
and belonged to several New York clubs.

About two vears ago he left for Europe
and n after his arrive! in England died.

Exposure of his tangled financial affairs
followed. No trace has ever been found
of the missing trust funds.

The apparent liabilities of the estate
were $810,000 and the net assete only $31,000.
Mrs. Wilkingon's claims as a beneficiary
of her husband's estate and as sole legatee
of Miss Gifford, who was also a beneficiary
were about $87,000, This left $252,000 of
claims to be purchased. To the $81,000
on hand Mrs. Wilkinson adds $50,000, mak-

ing up $84,000, for which sum the oreditors
to'sell to Mra. Wilkinson all their

o ’
Since the death of her husband Mra.

Wilkinson has paid to the bene’ » in
all cases where the money was required,
the same income they were in the habit

of receiving before Mr. Wilkinson's, death
and in other cases has made advances on
account of principal. These payments are
not taken into account in the settlement.
Mrs. Wilkinson received about $100,000 in
insurance on her husband’s life. The
creditors could not touch this money.

TRACING A MURDERER.

 

 

Victim Was Andrea Feorla—Papers Found
Near the Bedy.

Yonkers, N. Y., June 20,—The mystery
surrounding the death of the Italian found
Wednesday with his head hacked is slowly
being solved by the iocal police. The dead
man has been identified as Andrea Feoria
of East 104th street, New York, by Thomas
Chirer, his brother-in-law, of 108th street.
Feoria arrived from Italy about June 1
and had been employed on a new building
at 142d Street.

With the help of Detective Sergeant
Petrosino of New York, the police here have
obtained some circumstantial evidence
against a New York man whom they ex-
pect to arrest to-night or to-morraw. This
man is enga, in business in New York
and the hatchet found near the y Cov-
ered with blood is such as is used in openin
boxes, barrels and crates. Papers foun
near the body also seem to implicate this
man.

Feoria is described as a man with an
education far above that of the average
immigrant. His relatives know of no
reason for the murder. He left a wife and
three children in Italy. He forwarded $10
to his wife on Saturday last,

PROFIT FOR CITY BANK.

Holdup of Custom House Appropriation
Alds the Institution.

The National City Bank profited largely
yesterday from the action of the House of
Representatives in striking out of the Publio
Buildings bill an appropriation of $450,000
for the completion of the New York Custom
House. The effect is to delay the removal
of the customs offices from the present
building whioh the City Bank bought from
the Government and for the rental of which
to the Government for one year Congress
has already appropriated $130,000.

Whe ee cee ee n ee
approp! on yeste rks in t tom

ouse were compiling heures of the receipts
there for the { year closing to-day.
Theee, as already announced, will exceed
$200,000,000 and break all records.

“In these old barracks,” said a clerk
mournfully, “we’re collecting more money
for the Government than the Government
ever got before from any other single insti-
tution in the whole country. It’s like the
old saying, ‘The money you get don’t do
rou no good.’ We turn it over to the Sub-
Serury u and from there it goes to the City

TROLLEYS EXCEED SPEED LIMIT.

The Superintendent and Six Motormen of
the Walikill Transit Co. Arrested.

MIDDLETOWN, N. Y., June 20.—The tieup

of the entire line of the Wallkill Transit

 

 

Company, operating trolley cars in this-

city and to Goshen, was threatened this
afternoon when the superintendent, Will-
iam Martin, and the motormen of six cars
were arrested for exceeding the speed limit.
The police have been active in arresting
automobile owners for speeding, and the
latter have entered a kick because the trol-
lev cars were allowed to vioiate the speed
ordinance with impunity.

To-day the police department got busy
and spent the afternoon riding on trolley
cars with stop watches in their sleeves.
The first man arrested was William Mar-
tin, the superintendent of the ii who,
while temporarily relieving a motorman,
ran his car twenty-five miles an hour. The
arrest of the motormen of six other cars

uickly followed. All were running from
sixteen to twenty-two miles an hour
They were taken before Recorder Corwin,
who, not desiring to block traffic, quick
released them in custody of their counsel,
setting down the trial of the cases for next
Monday. All of the men pleaded not guilty.

 

FALLS 60 FEET AND LIVES.

Little May Worden Now In Hospital With
Two Broken Aris.

May Worden, the 22-months-old daughter
of Mrs. Paul Worden of 42 Seventh
‘avenue, Newark, ‘fell from the third
story window sixty feet into an areaway
at her home yesterday and escaped death.
Sbe landed on the brick pavement at the
bottom of the area and both her arms were
broken, and it is feared she received in-
ternal injuries.

Mrs. Worden had left her asleep in the
centre of the apartments and was about
her household duties. The first she knew
of the accident was when a small boy dashed
up stairs and told her her daughter had
fallen out of the window and was killed.
She was prostrated, but Mrs. Richards,
who lives on the floor below, rushed down
stairs and brought the child to its mother.

The child was unconscious and was taken
to St. Michael’s Hospital. Mrs. Worden
is only 24 yeere gid and has been a widow
for more than a year. Her other child,
Paul, 8 years old, is now atthe City Hos-
pital suffering from croup.

 

DEADLOCKED TO THE END.

Massachusetts Legisiature Adjourns With-
out Action on Trolley Road Grabs,

Boston, June 29.—The Massachusetts
Legislature adjourned shortly before mid-
night.

The deadlock on the question whether
or not to adopt legislation in conformity
with Gov.” Guild's message urging legis-
lation which should it foreign steam
railroad corporations from acquiring irolley
lines in this State was unbroken.

The Governor sent a letter to the State
Board of Railroad Commissioners instruct~
ing them to take action under their own
existing powers to stop any further ao-
quisitions of the sort.

The Governor's message was aimed _pri-
marily at the New York, New Haven
Hartford Railroad,

{
/

 

;

JONE 30, 1906:

  

 

a ee

© Sit Wrasasfy Sire
Store Closes at 5:30 P. M.

i

  

 

~

    
  

 

—

~'
~~

 

    

er

 
 

~ Lan ee e
a all
~~ See

Nene ene ee oe Bete”

  

~
~
vee

  

The Sale You’ve Been Waiting For

Men’s Straw Hats
At $1 and $1.50

Worth $1.50 to $3.50 Each

If your straw hat is getting a bit rusty you need a new one
for the Fourth of July trip, and now you don’t need to pay the
full price,

The manufacturer who makes the larger part of our regular
stock has sent us about eight hundred of his sample hats to
sell at $1 and $1.50 each.

The collection includes sennit, split straws, Mackinaw, and
a few Milans; which means the fine, the rough and the soft
straws in the best shapes. There is the widest possible variety
to select from. Young men, middle-aged and old men, the tall,
the short, and the stout—each will be able to ‘secure exactly
the hat best suited to his age and figure, at these almost ridicu-
lously small prices.

The sizes are mostly 6] to 7} in two groups, as follows:

$1.50 and $2 Hats at $1 Each
$2.50, $3 and $3.50 Hats at $1.50 Each

B% early if you wish to get the best pick.
Main floor, Wanamaker Building.

 

Men’s New Summer Suits
At $16.50, worth $20 to $30

Every suit made since the First of June. Every suit tail-
ored in the super-exacting Wanamaker manner. Made of fine
Summer-weight fabrics, half-lined with the coolest of linings.

In every respect, perfect duplicates of our regular $20 to
$30 suits—the suits that well-dressed men have been buying at
those prices as fast as we could supply them.

Right in all the crucial pointe—as the well-fitting collar
and well-shaped shoulders. Comfort, style and great economy.

Coats, single-breasted, 32 inches long. Straight or elightly rounded
fronts. Broad, full lapels, semi-fitting back, with center and side vents;
some with flare skirts.

$16.50 a suit, regularly $20, $25, $28 and $30. |
Main floor, Wanamaker Building,

   
    
   
     
   
  
 
   
   
 
 
   
 

. These are the bonniest
Pretty Taffeta Petticoats] Simmer colors. These are
wal the frilliest, prettieststyles.
These are best grades of taffeta eilk. And the lowest prices for value:

Red, n, plum tan, Alice blue and black taffeta silk; di fi
cordon § plait ‘EAEeR yi ne ae ora percaline dust rife, 3 =
or ue e ; dee ustable flo f organdy,
with lace and insertions. $7.50, were 30. Moey St Se RBOSy, Wine
In all white, $7.50 and $9 Second floor, Tenth st., Stewart Building.

"I A drink that wil
[The Wanamaker Grape Juice] ein tS rakes te
worth living dur-

ing Summer's reign. There's a mint of arguments to prove this. Here are
a few pertinent points about this delightful beverage. It is suitable for old
and young, is beneficial, has a delicious, ripe-grape flavor, is refreshing and
invigorating and a good tonic, :

The Wanamaker Grape Juice is made from the choicest grapes and is
unfermented and unadulterated.

uart bottles, 50c each; in cases of one dozen bottles, @5&
Pint bottles, 25 each; in cases of one dozen bottles, S275 a case
Half-pint bottles, 1c each; in cases of one dozen, 81.75 a case.

Basements of Both Buildings.

| JOHN WANAMAKER

| Formerly A. T. Stewart & Co. x

Broadway, Fourth Avenue, Bighth 0 Tenth Strect, |

12 CORMLANOT SF,
Smart Negligee Shirts,

1.49
akin
q
< i
a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
 
    

|
a A

 

 

We wish you joy but can’t go

 

Worth 2.50.
Snap py styles,
perfe ct finish.
! Soft fronts and
( A pleated fronts,
Ni IH) suite separate
ail Hate aa ss
White Negligees (pleated), 98c |
Sweater Bathing Suits, 3.98 | along to-day.
Something New, Elsewhere 5.00} ‘This is the last whole Satur-
Heavy Bathing Suits, 98c ' day until September that we'll
of Blue cotton, two pleces, with fancy | devote to outfitting men and
apy kar ad Uiaige ba | boys until 6 o'clock. :
50c Lisle Fancy Sox, 29c
An Importer’s Clearance. Rocers, PEET & Company,
Three Broadway Stores,

 

 

258 842 1260
Negre Hanged. at at a
FREEHOLD, N, J., June 29.—Edward W. Warren st. Lh at 32nd ot,

Brown, a negro, was hanged in the county
jail here to-day for the inurder of Rebecca
Trayum, a quadroon, at Long Branch, on
dune 11, 1004,

         
 
      
   

 

   

Men’s $12.00 Blue
|
|
|
|

At Bloomingdales’,

Lex. to 3d Ave., 59th t0 60th St.

Serge Suits,

Cut and made with all the skifl
of the best tailora we could find,
The color is
fast as the
rock of Gib-
raltar and the
fit ts .perfect.
Our price....
?
Men’s
Of blue serge,

worsted,
splendidly

$8.19

: $18 Suits,

cheviot and

and

Ez" $1180

Men’s ‘Shoes and
’ Oxfords,

Newest model footwedr in afl the
wanted leathers; sold regtdlarly
for $3.50 and $4; today for

$1.95 and $2.45

assortments of Men's Shirts,
and Cuffs,
are not

Our
ee. Collars
Hosiéry and Straw Hats
to be surpassed an'

quality, variety or moderation
price.

tn.
of

for CARS TRANSFER

seer
STORE

LEX, 703 AVE-59®TOGORS],

 

Browning, King
& Company

THE SUMMER
PROBLEM
Outing Suits—two pieces—
tailored to hold their shape, in
Flannels and Worsteds.
$18 to $25.
Outing Shirts, all
kinds as to patterns
and materials,
$1 to $12.
Neckwear, Un-
derwear and Hats,
Caps and Belts.

And everything
on the minute.

      
     
   
       
     
   
   
   
   
   
      

Cooper Square
and Brooklyn stores open this
evening.

 
   
 
   

 

‘To know what to wear,"* said Beau
Brummell, ‘‘and where to get it Ob the minute,
solves the Summer problem of aress."’

SE Ts A SEEN AD

i Broadway at 324 St.
Cooper Square at 6th St,
Manhattan

 
      
      

      
   
  

THE ELEVENTH HOUR

of going away reveals many a
nnyiectee clothes-need.
‘ ve your measure for that
0-away-suit now and with us.
hen ‘twill be both in time
and up to the times. '
Suits to Order........$15.00
Imported Suitings.. ..$20.00

OHN S.CAREY
IMPORTING TAILOR.
MERE aE

GREAT BEA he
Spring Water
S recognized as the

I greatest safeguard
against disease.
Delivered 50c. per case
of-4. gallons in 6 glass
stoppered bottles,

its Purity Ha:
Made It Pameu:, ‘

   
 

 

     
    

   
         
     
   
    

 

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR IT.
Gvertisements for The Sun and Eveing Sun

may be left at any American District M
“mn tn the citw mee