Sa —— an cet mma

te

NEW. MUTUAL SCANDALBINTED

SOMERODY SOMEHOW GOT 8300,-
000 ON UNSECURED LOAN,

 

 

Truesdale Committee's Final Report Urges
Suing MoCurdy for 94,200 Cab Hire
ano an Inquiry Into the Bulldifig Con-

! tracts — Trustees’ Names Withheld.

The sixth and final report of the Mutual
Life Insurances Company's eelf-investi-
gatirlg committee, composed of William
H. Truesdale and John W: Auchincloss,
was mace public yesterday.

The report hints at a new scandal in the
loan department involving $300,000, but fails
to disclose the names of the persons con-
cerned. It looks as if somebody got $300,-
000 without putting up any authenticated
security. The loan was still being carried
on December 81, 1905.

The report recommends a careful in-
vestigation into payments made to build-
ing contractors by the Mutual Life inthe
last five years, which amount to more than
$7,000,000, and suggests that if the pay-
ments have been in exoses of fair values
the matter be referred to the o npanry’s
law department for action.

The report recommends’ further that a
suit be brought against Richard A. McCurdy,
the former president, to recover $4,260
charged by him for cab hire. The docu-
ment tells the numbar of trustees who
knew of the $150,000 salary that was being
paid to President MoCurdy and also the
number who were cognizant of the cam-
paign contributions, but it doesn't mention
a single one of them by name. The identity
of trustees éoncerned in other transactions
which are taken upin the report isn’t given,
either.

The hints at irregularities in regard toa
$300,000 loan are contained in the com-
mittee’s findings in the bond and mortgage
department. The report says:

Attention is called to discrepancy between
the books of the company and those of the
bond and mortgage department whereby
the latter, on December 31, 1904, show three
loans aggregating $410,000, which are not in-
cluded among the loans on bonds and mort-
gages on the general books of the company,
they appearing thereon as “temporary loans.”

On December 31, 1995, one of these loans,
amotnting to $300,000 was still carried of the
general books as a temporary loan. The
law department has no knowledge of this loan,
and no evidence of title has been exhibited.
These three loans were all included, however,
in the gross amount loaned on bonds and
mortgages, as shown by the “company's
balance sheets.

The committee doesn't say who got the
two other loans.

Although the amount which the com-
pany may loan on mortgages is held
by the committee's experts to be about
60 per cent. of the value of the real estate
offered as security, the report of the expert
accountants to the committee shows that
$34,861,194.17 was loaned on property in
excess of the 60 per cent. valuation. Says
the committee:

As many as 131 loans,securing over $3,000,000,
are over 100 per cent. of the appraised value
of the property.

The appraisers and accountants reduced
the company’s book valuation offsuch loans
by $707,680, and the reduction was approved
by the committee.

The company's books show further that
in the five years ending December 31, 1905,
the losses of the company on real estat>
foreclosed and sold aggregated more than
$304,279. The committee recommends that
the Mutual Life in the future place its mort-
gages direct instead of through subsidiary
companies, thus saving the 4 per cent a
year which was in many cases going to sub-
sidiary concerns,

The report shows that the original cost
of the Mutual’s real estate, including the
improvements on it, was $35,936,254.33.
The new appraisal of the committee's ex-
perts shows a net loss from the original cost
of $5,723,633.83, although the new figures are
in reality $822,182 in excess of the value at
which the properties were carried on the
Mutual’s books, The net profits realizod
on the properties have averaged less than
214 per cent. on the money invested, The
committee recommends the immediate at-
tention of the new management to the real
estate investments and su ts that only
such of it be retained as aball be uired
for the company use, There should be a
return of at least 314 per cent. on money in-
vested. As to building contracts the re-
port says:

The purchase of most of the real estate
holdings of the company, the improvements
of same or the changes in the improvements
from time to time made were, so far as ap-
pears, without the approval or sanction of
any committee or the board of trustees. In
the administration of this branch of the com-
pany's operations great extravagance is
glaringly apparent on every hand, coupled
with entire absence of ordinary business
methods and care. In the letting of con-
tracts covering large expenditures no compe-
tition seems to have been invited or desired.

These are some of the companies naméd
By te committee as having done work for
the Mutual Life in the last five years:

R. C, Fisher & Co., marble $1,362,561 85
George Mulligan, builder........ 1,008.870 62
J. B. & J. M. Cornell, iron and

DPONRG icisccstrseveseevecyess f =833,715 24
Tucker Electric Construction Co. 385,130 00
Baker, Smith & Co., steam heating 300,030 05
John Downey, builder.,..... seeee 901,586 58
Thomas Swain, plumbing......... 226,412 60
A. McMullen & Co..........4+ ceecee 715,001 26
Otis Elevator Com pany .......... 104,068 28

There are several other building firms in
the list, as are also Clinton & Russell, the
architects, who have offices in the Mutual
Life Luilding. Clinton & Russell are down
for $303,160.62. :

The committee says that from a superficial
examination it judges that payments on
account of alterations made to suit incom-
ing terants were charged uP as improve-
ments. An example of that is found in the
alterations made inthe offices of the Guar-
anty Trust Company in which many Mutual
Lifé trustees are stockholders. Those altera-
tions cost $60,000 and were charged as an
SS ETOTe ent. Regarding the payment of
$1,362,561

to R. C. Fisher & Co. for marble

tn five years, the report says:

Reference to this supplemental report ithe
accountants’ report.) shows that of the above
Bum $174,634.63 was paid for marble, $10,179.04
for othér materials, and the balance, $1,177,-
748.18 for labor—presumably for cutting,
polishing and installing same in the several
buildings when placed. The cost of marble
and labor on same for the banking room, at
61 and 55 Cedar street, seems by this report
to have been $203,756.

This marble contract is a most conspicuous
example of methods: pursued in connection
with the handling of the real estate and build-
ings owned by the company. The large sum
paid for labor, as above, was for the cost of
the labor as claimed by the contractor, plus
7% per cent. So far as can be ascertained no
adequate check or account was kept by the
company, or any one on ite behalf, showing
what labor was thus employed on its account,
the rates of wages paid or the actual gross
amount ¢f wages paic for work done for it.

Your committee strongly urge that the
present management of the company have a
most careful and thorough examination made
of the contracts, bills, vouchers and accounts
pertaining to the several contracts agere-
gating the sum of $7,412,103.24 paid different
contractors for the purpose of ascertaining
whether under the looée practices prevalent
in connection with these transactions pay-
ments have not been made largely in excess
of fair values received, and that if same is
apparent as result of such examination the
question of recovering be submitted to its
legal representatives for such action as they
may recommend.

-In ‘checking the domestic policy loans
the accountants found that the papers in
'y

two loans of $340 and $110 respecti were
missing. A small defalcation also was dis-

Re eS 5

Oldsmobile

Palace Touring Car
30 b. p. Price $2,

Oldsmobile
‘Flying Roadster
30 h. p.; 60 miles an hour.

OLDSMOBILE CO, OF WN. Y.
Broadway and 6blat Street
BRANCH AT LONG BEACH, L. L

 

 

closed involving the yy ele ag of $104.12
on the principal of a loan, and interest on
renee sone collected rerwess ay od
une, , aggregating $638.25, a tot
Soe pante. of sare) The short wan
traced to a clerk in the department, who
oonfessed. Many lerical mistakes also
were discovered.

The committee makes several recom-
mendations for the reorganization of that
department. In the foreign policy loan
Gepartmneny 117 cases of irregularities in-
volving $45,177 in the supregate were Un-

 

 

covered. The irregularities, it is said,
do not appear to such as vitiate the
security of the loans. The accountants

say there is more opportunity for pecula-
tion and the concealment of the thefts in
oe policy loan departmente than in any
other.

Under the head of expenditures of a quere
tionable character made between January i,
1899, and December 81, 1905, the accountants
submitted a statement a gregating S713,-
875.48, This statement does not include
any of the moneys which went to Andrew
C, Fields through the manipulation of the
supply department. The committee de-
cli yesterday to make public the ao-
countants’ report, including that state-

ment.

Some figures are given in the Truesdale
committee report. ere were payments
aggregating $27,080 direct to Andrew C,
Fields, $12,474 to Andrew Hamilton and
$13,388 to the New York Life Insirance
Company, thet o latter payirents being the
Mutual's share of certain legislative pay-
ments. Julius Heye, an employee in the
company's supply department, got $18,834.
President urdy’s $1,200 for_oab hire is
put in the questiqnable class. The commit-
tee expresses the opinion that many of these
Payments formed part of the fund handled

y Fields, for which he must account to the
company, ;

The offices leased to trustees in the Mu-
tual Building, the committee finds, brought
the average rental. One trustee who rents
an office in the building for $2,000 a year
has received semi-annually for the last five
years $2,500 for legal services and advice
rendered the officials of the company.

“This was apparently,” says the report,
“an annual retainer,as no bills showing de-
tails of services performed have been ren-
dered.® ¢

Thie trustee's name isn't given but he is

supposed to ke Charles Miller, who
Peceney resigned,
Another trustee, whose firm pays an

annual rental of $15,000 a year, has in re-
cent years received his share of $15,000,
paid semi-annually to his firm for legal
services. The committee says this also was
ppperently an annual retainer, as no bills
showing details of services have been fur-
nished. This trustee isn’t named. ,
The committee's report shows that nine-
teen trustees held stock in varying amounts
in the Guaranty Trust Company that seven-
teen trustees held stock in the United States
Mortgage and Trust Company; nineteen
were stockholders in the National Bank of
Commerce; eight in the Fifth Avenue Trust
Company, the Morristown Trust Company
and the Morton Trust Company. Ali but
four of the trustees held atook in one or
more of the Mutual's subsidiary companies.
Seven of the trustees had relatives, either
near or remote, in the company’s employ.
Nine trustees were in terested in es
cates in which the Mutual Life was inter-
ested, and two more were interested through
firms of which they were members. :
Six trustees had knowledge of the Presi-
dent's salary having been raised to $150,000
and seven knew about the campaign con-
tributions. The committee discountenances
the idea of the trustees holding stock in
subsidiary companies. The committee con-
cludes its report with an expression of the
greatest confidence in the present manage-
ment.
\ The committee handed out a statement as
a supplement to the report. It says that
the facts contained in the report are those
reported to the committee by the acoount-
ants, e committee does not wish to be
understood as implying any fault on the
part of ie board by reason: of the facts

re i '

Niieatarenoe to the mortgage loans on
property in excess of 60 per cent. of the
valuations, the accountants, the committee
says, arbitrarily selected that Paice tee
as the point at which they would divide the
loans. The law permits mortgages to the
amount of 661% per cent. of the value of the
property, ‘a it doesn't follow there is
anything unlawfu! or unwise in the loans
refer to.

In regard to the $3,000,000 loaned on
property held to be worth less than that
amount, thé committee says the appraisers
didn't undertake to appraise anything but
the land, and it came to between $200,000
and $300,000 of the amount of the loans.
These loans are on church properties. The
appraisers had no basis from which to judge
the value of the buildings...

“If it is demonstrated,” says the state-
ment, “that the policyholders desire a
chanve of policy in this regard (loaning on
church property) there is no reason to
suppose that on the calling of these loans
there will be any loss whatever in money
to the company.”

The accountants’ estimates on_the real
estate are very conservative. That ac-
counts, according to the statement, for the
possible shrinkage there. } :

The uisition fer information which
the commit made upon the trustees was
fully answered, it was announced, by all
the trustees except Richard A. McCurdy,
Robert H. McCurdy and Elihu Root.

“It was hardly expected,” says the state-
ment, “that answers would be received
from’ the Mesers. McCurdy, and it is pro
sumed that Mr. Root's occupation in other
fields of usefulness has prevented his giving
the necessary attention to the matter,

Mr. Root resigned from the Mutual board
some time ago, and neither of the McCurdys
is now a member.

 

The Weather.

The high pressure area took a position over the
Tennessee Valley yesterday and expanded until Its
outline covered all the country south of the Lake
regions @md east of Kansas and Texas.

The low pressure passed to the north of the
Dakotas and Its outline covered the Northwest
and upper Mississipp! Valley. This combination
caused extreme heat overall the country cast of the
Rocky Mountains, few places having a maximum
of less than 85 degrees and many above 00 degrecs.

There is every indication of a continuation of the
heat fora day or two longer.

Showers and thunderstorms were the order of
the day in nearly all the Northwest, Lake regions
and New England, and In the morning there were
heavy rain and thvnder storms in Pennsylvania,
New York and New Jersey,

In this city after the morning thunderstorms the
day was fair; continued high temperature; winds,
fresh and brisk southwesterly; average humidity,
76 per cent.; barometer, corrected to read to sea
level, at 8 A. M., 20.00; 8 P. M., 20,82. ,

The temperature yesterday as recorded by the
official thermometer ts shown In the annexed tabie:

1906, 1005.
sue
71°
67°

 

Highest
WASHINGTON PORECAST PON TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW,

For eastern New York and New England, fair
and continued warm to-day; showers and cooler at
night or to-morroe; light to fresh sruthwest winds,

For the District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia,
Delaware and New Jersey, generally falr and con-
tinued warm to-day and to-morrow; light to fresh
southwest winds.

For eastern Pennsylvania, fair and continued
warm to-day: showers at night or to-mofrow {n north
and fair and warm in south portion; light to fresh
southwest winds.

For western Pennsy!vania, local thundershowers
this afternoon or to-nigat; fair to-morrow; fres.
southwest to west winds, ‘

For westetn New York, local thundershowers
to-day and probably to-morrow; fresh southwest
to west winds,

v

| “The car of the year’’ |

a

THE SUN. SATURDAY. JUNE 80, 1906.

 

CZAR SBBKS TERMS WITHDUMA

 

NEGOTIATES FOR NEW ht In ISTRY
CHOSEN FROM THE ASSEMBLY.

 

Petrunkevich Guggested for Premier —Dis-
affection Ameng the Guards Said to
Alarm the Emperor and Hils Advisers
One Battalion Is Degraded to the Line

Speotal Cable Despatches to Tam Sun.

Lonpon, June 8).—The correspondents
at St. Petersburg differ as to the signifi-
cance of the disaffection’‘among the Guards.
Some are of the opinion that it is no more
serious than the occasional outbreaks in
other armiés, holding that if it were other-
wise the regiments Would not have sub-
mitted to disciplinary measures.

Those taking this view say that the re-
ports of mutinies and discontent in the army
are everywhere exaggerated. The move-
ment is rarely political, the men merely
taking advantage of the general unrest to
press for better treatment from their of-
flcers and improved conditions of service.

On the other hand, it is declared that
nothing in the whole upheaval in Rursia
has so deeply tmpressed the Czar, the royal
circle and the bureaucracy as the mutiny of
the trusted and comparatively pampered
Guards, whose lot is Juxurious compared
with that of the ordinary line regiment.

If the chroniclers at St. Petersburg are
accurately informed the revelation that
this prop of the throne was breaking
alarmed the Czar and Gen. Trepoff to such
an extent that they now favor an under-
standing with the Constitutional Demo-
crats and wish ‘to intrust them with the
formation of a Cabinet. The speeches and
conduct of the members of this party in
the Duma show that at least they are loyal
to the Throne, and the court has alréady
opened negotiations with their leaders for
the purpose of inducing them to accept
office.

In response to the Czar’s request, says
one correspondent, the Constitutional Demo-
crats have suggested M. Petrunkevich
for the Premiership, and Prince Dolgorou-
keff, Count Heyden and MM. Meliukoff,
Shipoff and others for Cabinet positions,
M. Muromtzeff will remain President of
the Duma, and Baton Isvoleky will continue
aa Minister of Foreign Affairs. The court
would appoint two Ministers.

The members of the Labor party have
agreed to support such a government with-
out seeking representation in the Ministry.
The Constitutional Democrats insist upon
the immediate realization of political re-
forms, the granting of amnesty to political
prisoners, universal suffrage, equal rights
and constitutional guarantees, leaving social
reforms to the next Duma. The negotia-
tions seem to be approaching a favorable
end,

The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Telegraph eays that the progress of the
revolutionary agitation in paralyzing the
administrative machinery of the empire
has achieved a remarkable result in War-
saw, from which city the local police are
fleeing by wholesale across the Austrian
frontier, owing to the constant assassina-
tions among them by the Terrorists, while
the revolutionists have succeeded in per-
suading the soldiers to refuse to perform
police duties further. The entire garrison
at Warsaw is affected.

A similar condition of things, prevails
in the Volga provinces. Two regiments
quartered at Samara marched from their
encampment, with bands playing, into the
public square, where they held a meeting
and drafted a list of grievances. The
c>mmander was compelled to grant some

 

ee )

of the demands and to promises to consider
others, ew

St, Pererssura, June 20.—An imperial
order has been lasued degrading the first
battalion of the Preobrajensky Regiment
of Life Guards, which recently adopted
resolutions indorsing the programme of
the Duma. The battalion is transformed
into an infantry battalion of the line and
the privileges appertaining to a regiment
of the. Guards are withdrawn.

RUSSIA MUST CUT EXPENSES.

Finance Minister Trims War Office Budget
and Calis for Other Reductions,
Spectat Cable Despatch to THE Sun,

Sr. Perrerssvurnc, June 29.— Finance
Minister Kokovtseff presented to the Coun-
cil of Ministers to-day a memorandum
calling for a drastic reduction of expendi-
ture ant notifying the council of his refusal
of the War Minister’s application for 183,-
000,000 rubles as a special contribution
for the strengthening of Russia's position
in the Tar Fast; alpo for an increase of
43,000,000 rubles in the regular military
budget. The Finance, Minister advises the
abolition of several public departments
and a reduction in the-staff of the Depart-
ment of Finance.

He mentions that the strikes last October
cost the Government 80,000,000 rubles, and
intimates that with the present revenue
arrangements could not be made to meet
the loss that would result from another
railroad strike. t

ENCOURAGED THE MASSACRE.

Commission Accuses Police and
Army Officers at Bielostok.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Suw,

Sr. PeTerssunG, June 20.—The commis-
sion which was appointed by the Duma to in-
quire into the Bielostok massacre has made
ftsreport. It charges the police with enroll-
ing roughs under the guise of firemen and
employing them to beat Jews. Jews were
taken to the police station, where some
of them were actually killed by the mal-
treatment they received. This was done,
the commission declares, with the knowl-
edge and sometimes in the presence of
Chief of Police Kodarefsky.

The commission accuses army~ officers
of encouraging the mob to pillage and
massacre. It points out that wherever the
military did their duty the rioting ceased
immediately.

 

 

 

GERMANY’S COMPLAINT OF US.

Fulfilment ef Tariff Pledges Not Yet Given,
Says ‘Cologne Gazette."
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

BERLIN, June 29.—The Cologne Gazette,
recurring to the German complaints re-
garding America’s attitude with respect
to the most favored nation clause in the
tariff arrangement between the United
States and Germany, says that Germany
is in no wise concerned with the difficulties
the United States may have to overcome
in order to gain the assent of Congress to
the fulfilment of its promises. It is the
duty of the American Administration to
secure the observance of the binding
pledges it has given Germany, and Gere
many expects this to be done.

 

Panama Parties May Compromise.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

PanaMA, June 20.—In order to reconcile
the situation the Constitutional party has
made an offer to the opposition to vote a
mixed ticket in the Assembly elections,
which take place on Sunday, three candi-
dates being chosen from each party. If the
offer is accepted, which it probably will be
there will be no danger of trouble in Panama
city. In the districts outside the city

regular voting will obtain.

 

 

tkh-ee districts:

  
   
 

SS
a

 
 
 
 
  

eh
Sa

  
 
 

——

a

Corflandt,

SS contral

 

To

Bay Ridge, Bedford, Bushwick,
East New York, Flatbush, Green-
int, Hamilton, Main, Prospect,
uth, Williamsburg, Astoria,
Newtown Central Offices:.......

    
  
   

Flushing, Jamaica, Richmond Hill,
Queens Central Offices: .......

Bath Beach, Coney Island, Far
Rockaway Central Offices: ......

Staten Island Central Offices: ....

subscribers.
notice be kept for referen€e.

General Offices .
15 Dey Stret

 

New Pay Station Telephone Rates

EFFECTIVE JULY Ist, 1906

The Boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx have been divided into

District No. 3,

comprises the following central
offices:
Audubon, Melrose and Tremont.

District No. i,
Southern Manhattan, comprises the fol-
lowing central offices: Broad, Rector,

Worth, Orchard, Spring, Chelsea, Gram-
ercy, Madison Square, 38th Street, Bryant,
Columbus, Plaza, 79th Street, Riverside.

Calls to points in same District - - 5c.

From Shaded to White or White to Shaded
Districts OE es 8h he 6e.

From either Shaded District to the other
Shaded District e . i r

, (é. e.)

From District 1 to District 2 - . ° e . 5c.
From District 2 to eitherDistricts 1 or 3 ° ° 5c.
From District 3 to District 2 . . ° . . 5c.
From District 3 to 1, or 1 to3 . . . ° 10c.

Hotels and apartment-houses ‘which maintain extensive telephone
installations for the convenience of their guests, may continue to charge
ten cénts for local calls, if they so desire.

Interborough Pay Station Rates

   
 

 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 

For rates to points not mentioned above, sée list in back of TelephoneWirectory (Page 700)

TO PAY STATION SUBSCRIBERS:

A card containing above information is being mailed to all pay station
Until this card is received we would recommend that this

New York Telephone Company

 

Dist, No.1

      

      
 

Northern Bronx, comprises —
the following central offices:
Kingsbridge, Wiltiamsbridge,
Westchester, City Island.

District No. 2,

Southern Bronx and
Northern Manhattan,

      
 
    
    
 
  

 
 

   

Morningside, Harlem,

    
  
   
    

John, Beekman, Franklin,

    
      
 
 

 
  

    
     
   
   
   
   
   
       
   

    
  

 
  
  
 
 

From
Dist. No.3

From

  

From
Dist, No.2

  

   
 

1Sc.

  

15

  

20
20

  

 
       
   
    

Telephone No, :
9010 Cortlandt

    
 
  

7
a SS SSS
ee EEE

ee en ee re

eres

ae itera neo nee su ee -tnen mn menemes

LUNCHEON FOR LONGWORTHS

WITH PRAISE FOR PRESIDENT AS

SPEECHMAKING COURSE.
caeeeeeeanes

American Women in London Entertain
Visitors and Ambassador and Mrs. Reid
—Curzon and Mariboreugh Pass (om-

_Dliments—Mr. Longworth Responds.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

LONDON, June 20.—A luncheon waa given
at the Hotel Cecil to-day by the Sooiety of
American Women in London in honor
of Ambassador and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid,
and Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Longworth
The guests inoJuded Lord Curzon, Lord
Roberts, the Duke and Duchess of Marl-
borough, the members of the American
Embassy and Anthony Hope Hawkins.
Mrs. Webster Glynes presided. She pro-
posed a toast to the King and to President
Roosevelt.

The Duke of Marlborough made a speech
of welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Longworth.
In speaking of President Roosevelt he said
that the English read with interest every
political utterance he makes. His qualities
of steadfastness, high aim, courage and
manliness commanded the good will and
aroused the enthusiasm of every one.

Mr. Longworth expressed his apprecia-
tion of the courtesy that had been ni-
fested toward him and
since their arrival in England, and aroused
enthusiasm by the proposal of the un-
expected toast, “American women, no
matter where they may be.”

Lord Curzon described himself asa for-
tunate British institution who had taken
an American wife and set an example which
Mr. Longworth had followed. Branch-
ing off into the relations between England
and the United States, he said that he
recognized Whitelaw Reid not as a foreign
Ambassador but as essentially domestic,
and he added that in the hearts of the
British people no distingiushed American
at the Court of St. James had ever held
a dearer place than he. He paid an elo-
quent tribute of gratitude to President
Roosevelt as a man who had captivated
and interested the civilized world more
than any agher statesman, and who was:
making an enduring mark in the history
of our times. “President Roosevelt,” he
said, “stands for the continued and un-
breakable friendship of the United States
and Great Britain, which has ceased to be
an aspiration and has now become a tra-
dition.”

AMERICANS IN AUTO SMASH.

Mrs. Lisman Severely Hurt and Others
Slightly Hurt at Rheims.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, June 29.—An automobile in which
five Americans were travelling from Paris
to Frankfort-on-the-Main side slipped this
evening at Rheims, and all the occupants
were thrown out. j

One of them, Mrs. Lisman, was severely
injured, and was taken to a private hospital.
The others escaped with slight injuries.
They went to a hotel. A

THE REV. THOMAS SPURGEON ILL.

London Preacher Obliged to Cancel His
American Engagement.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 20.—The Rev. Thomas
Spurgeon, pastor of the Metropolitan Taber-
nacle, has cancelled an engagement to
speak in America on account of his serious
illness,

 

 

 

{
Oid English Porcelain Rising in Value.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, June 29.—At an auction sale at
Christie's to-day Mr. Seligman bought a
Louis XVI. commode for £2,205 and a secre-
aire for £367. Part of a suit of engraved
armor, datde 1530, brought £997. Two
French regulator clocks sold for £577 and
£525 respectively. A saltcellar of Henry II.
ware brought £304. A pair of famille rose
vases, 33% inches high, of the Kienlung
period, sold for £651, and a pair of Sevres
gros-bleu vases, 27 inches high, for £1,837.
The total realized at the sale was £17,000.
The prices of old English porcelain indicate
thet it is rapidly rising in value.

 

-

Albert Sorel, Historian, Dead.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Paris, June 29.—Albert Sorel, historian
and member of the Institute, died to-day
at the age of 64. He was designed for a
diplomatic career and at one time held a
post in the Foreign Office, but most of his
life was devoted to historical research. He
was the author of many important works,
and contributed extensively to Continental
periodicals.

 

Hamburg-American Service From
Libau.
Spectat Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
HaMBvRG, June 20.—The officers of the
Hamburg-American Steamship Company
deny that the company intends to establish
a passenger service between Libau and New
York. It had been stated that the company
would do this in competition with the line
that is being established by Russian cap-
italists over the above mentioned route.

No

Pope Receives Most Rey. Robert Seton.
Special Cable Despatch to Tug Sun.

RoE, June 29.—The Pope to-day gave
an audience to the Most Rey. Robert Seton
Titular Archbishop of Heliopolis. The Pope
intimated that it was his intention to com-
ply with the recommendation of Cardinal
Gibbons and appoint Mgr, Seton Canon
of one of the basilicas in Rome.

 

Record Ratnfall in London,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
LONDON, June 20.—There was a record
rainfall here last night of 2.27 inches, .rep-
resenting 227 tons to the acre, in Greater
London, Within a radius of from eleven to
fifteen miles from Charing Cross. Rain to
the amount of 100,679,040 tons fell in that
area in ten and one-half hours.

 

Italy to Reduce Interest on Rentes,
Special Cable Despatch fo THE SUN.
Rome, June 20.—The Government has
submitted a bill to Parliament reducing
the interest on rentes from 4 to 844 per
cent. from 1912. The bill is unenimously
approved.

$25,000 for Catholic University.

Utica, June 29.—Most of the estate of
the Rev, Father Aloysius Murphy, late pas-
tor of St. Peter's Church of Rome, N. Y,,
has been willed to the Catholic University
at Washington, D.C. The estate is valucd
at about $40,000. Ten thousand dollars is
bequeathed to St. Aloysius Academy of
Rome. To -a brother in Ireland Father
ecbeah ie bequeathed $1,000; to another
brother, also in Ireland, $500, and to each
of two housekeepers he gives $1,000, the re-
mainder of the estate going to the university,

 

The Howe Statue of Washington.

The statue of Washington on horseback
which is to be presented to tha city by
Ex-Rogister Howe, has been completed. It |
was delivered a few days ago on the Brook- |
lya plaza of the new Willismaburg Bridge, |
where itis tostand. The statue wus viewed |
by several thousand persons before it was |
boxed up. It will not be visible again until |
it is unveiled about Labor Day. Yesterday
the base on which the statue is to stand was
put in place,

Mra. Longworth ,

| which has enjoyed a monopoly

 

July 4th

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  

@
UNION SQUARE
idth St., near Broadway,

NEW YORK CITY.

 

 

!

MOB PLIES TAR AND FEATHERS.

 

Man and Two Women Painted by Indignant
Farmers.

FOWLERVILLE, Mich., June 20.—George
Simpson, aged 60, a farmer; Mrs. Cora
Elliott, 35 years old, who lived in Simpson's
house, and Simpson’s wife, Ella, 50 years
old, who lived apart from him, were coated
with tar and feathers last night. Two
other women escaped, as did one man.

Neighboring farmers have complained
that men were nightly visitors at the house
of Simpson and at his wife's house. A
vigilance committee was organized and
twenty-five farmers agreed to meet near
Simpson's and raid the places. About
midnight they marched to Simpson's house
and surrounded it. In the darkness a
young woman known as Gladys and a |
mob, but Cora Elliott |

|

Simpson was absent.
marched to

oung man eluded the
el) into their hands.
With the Eliiott woman they

the housa occupied by Mrs. Simpson. They |
found her alone, made her prisoner and
returned fo Simpson's place and lay in wait

for his return.
impson was caught an hour later in the

road.

With the prisoners bound, the captors
heated a pot of tar, erp ree the trio and
painted them back and front. The victims
were then sprinkled with feathers and
released.

Simpson drove to Howell as soon as he |
got the tar removed from his skin and
made complaint to Sheriff Pratt. The |
Sheriff investigated but could not get suffi-
cient information as to the identity of the
painters to justify making arrests.

 

THE FATE OF A REFORMER.

Hoboken Policeman Said to Have Been
Tempted to Enter Saloons.

A policeman in full uniform was arrested
on a charge of drunkenness in Oakland
avenue, Jersey City, last evening and taken
to the Third precinct station, where he
described himself as Chanceman John
Desmond of the Hoboken police force.
As his name was being taken down the men
in sections 5 ancl 6, who were answering
return roll call looked critically at him and
unanimously concluded that he was sober.
The roundsman who arrested him disputed |
their decision and the desk sergeant took
his view of the cae and booked Desmond.

Chief Murphy said last night: “Our cops
Were actuated by a spirit of fealty and com-
radeship in deciding that their Hoboken
brother was not drunk.” x

Desmond was paroled for a hearing this
morning. He was a witness before the
Grand Sry yesterday afternoon and was
tempted, it is said, to enter saloons in the
neighborhood of the Court House. The
Grand Jury is trying to get evidence in the
interest of reform, and is subponaing a
great many witnesses.

 

 

 

TWO OCONNELLS TO JAIL,

Nellie and John, Net Related, Sentenced
. for the Theft of a Watch.

Nellie O'Connell, 25 years old, and Thomas
O'Connell, both of whom lived at 314 East
Twenty-sixth street but are not related,
appeared in Grneral Sessions yesterday on
the charge of having stolen a $100 watch
from John Davis, an engineer, who lives in
Fivington street.

Aocording to Davis's story he met the
girl one night and went with her to her home,
While he was asleep his watch vanished.
He woke up and said that'he would give
$50 if he got. it back. The girl yelled for
Tom O'Connell, who appeared with the
wateh. Davis says he compromised by |
Revie O'Connell $30 and got the watch.

hen went to sleep again, After a lon
sleep he got up to find that his watch had |
a an disayppeared. So had the O'Connells. |
he police had no trouble in getting them.
They were convicted and the girl told Judge
Cowing that she wanted to reform and asked
that she be sent to the Bedford Reformatory.
Judge Cowing granted her request. O'Con-
nell was sent to Pen eh for not less than
a year or for more than four years.

 

Standard O11 Co. May Supmly Water to San
Francisco.

San FRANCISCO, June 29.-—It is said that
the Standard Oil Company is planning to
invade the local water field and give compe-
tition to the Spring Valley Water Company,
in San
Francisco for more than forty years. The

Standard is believed to be tbe purchaser
of the Blue Lakes and Sierra Nevada Water
and Power Company. The price agreed
upon ie said to be $57,000,000.

The Standard already controle the gas
works here, having purchased the plant of
the San Francisco Gas and Electrical Com-

AIST i AOE EE MLTR ot

your vacation, when you want clothes
most, at Brills’ you'll find extra values,
Extra values to be had in Brill stores
only, because Brill stores are the only
ones enjoying certain
which make possible extra values,
Extra values involving scarcest
most desirable gray fabrics and blue
serges, made into latest model suits,

Blue serge, gra
jece and gray mixture suits, tailored to
Rotd shape, fit and style and warranted
to hold color
one-third more,
cial

High-grade tropical worsted two-piece
suits; gray serge and gray mixture suits
that are unusual under $16.50. July 4th
special

Special’ blue serge suits and

weight
Best value in America under $20.

4th special........

Hand-tailored 2 t
suits and tropical worsted two-piece suits;
fabrics, trimmings and tailoring of charac-
ter usually found only in $20 garments.
July 4th special

gray mixtures, ‘
worsted two piece suits, London |
outing suits, etc,, from America’s six lead-
ing, tailoring institutions and from our
sho
in the correct ry comfortable fit and
exquisite finish o

-$andc, July 4th special

Get the Habit. Go to

Brothers

   
   
 

 

   
   
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
   
 
   
    
  
 
   
   

Specials

Now, before the holiday, before

trade advantages

and

Men’s Suit
Specials.

worsted flannel two-

until worn out. Value

$12.50
U. S. True Blue serge suits, ‘Brill
tropical
suits.
July

$13.50

gray worsted

pure worsted two-piece

twilight

$15

Finest ready-to-wear clothes—Blue serge,
other mixtures, tropical
London flannel

L. B. Value can be better measured

these garments than in

279 Broadway, near Chambers.
47 Cortlandt St., near Greenwich,
175th St., corner Third Ave. _

<n ee

 

 

eee

 

   

oward
Shoe

Young Men’s Oxfords.

Newest slope toes, smart bluchef
models on the famous Coward lastg
that fit without gaping at the ankle,
chating the heel, or wrinkling under
the arch.

In all leathers and materials for sum
mer ‘wear.

 

SOLD NOWHERE ELSE.

JAMES S. COWARD,
268-274 Greenwich St., N. Ye

(NEAR WARREN STBEET. )
MailOrders Filled. Send for Catalogue.

BATHING SUITS.

"THE more you
weta Brokaw
Bathing or Swim-
ming Suit, the
more satisfaction
you will get out
of it.

They are de-
signed to fit snug-
ly, yet allow per-
fect freedom of
motion. Made of'
unshrinkable pure
worsted in plain
colors and new
striped effects
that never will
fade.

Sizes include the
large man and the
HALPA = mall boy.

CENTURY $2 to $7.50.
SUBWAY STATION AT CUR DOOR
ASTOR PLACE AND FOURTH AVE,

 

EStas<
LISHLO
OVER

Silver Insurance
The best insurance policy

is to buy knives, forks,
spoans, etc., kiown as

“IGA7ROGERS BROS:

“Silver Plate that Wears”

They represent the most beautiful
hagdiwork of the silversmith,

The most beautiful trays, water
pilchers, etc., are made by

MERIDEN BRITA Co,

        
      
   
       
   

-GARPET LEANSING

Woritd, every welad
36 years’ experience,
THE THOS. J. STEWART CO.
Bway & 46th St.. N. Y. Phone 776 Bryant,
Erle & Sth Sts., Jersey City. — ,
STORAGE WAREHOUSE AND MOVING VANS”
Write or telephone for interesting booklet.

Larges. in the

  

Led et TPN srry ae