ai

of

  

 

\b

%

—o

~

SS Se ee STS.
=a asa

—____
—

=.= ==.

  

a
o

aan

sullllll

 
 
 
   
   

  
   
  
 

RETO LH

 
  

 
 

—————

WON HIS SUIT WITH EVICTIONS

NEEDEL SOLVESTHE DIFFICULTY
OF THE KARPS' RENTS.

Moses Is No Longer Sorry for His Wife and
the 11 Families of Tenants—He Is Re-
splendent in Pearl Gray—Maybe They
Know Him Now Too as Leaseholder.

Suffering Moses Karp has at last rebelled
against his wife, the robust Amelia, They
are the leaseholders of a tenement house at
‘624 East Eleventh street, but it was always
Amelia that went around on the first of the
month and collected the rent from door to
door. Moses rolled the ash barrels and
swept the landings every week, and chased
the children out of the areaway, and went
fishing for the tenants’ undershirts that
blew off the clothesline into the airshaft,
but it was Amelia that made the monthly
trips to the savings bank and bought the
groceries and dry goods.

When Moses wanted a new summer suit
that he had seen in one of the Grand street
clothing store windows, attractively
stretched on a dummy, Amelia said that
$10 was too much, and, pointing to him,
asked, “Ain’t those enough clothes that you
have on, and for summer, too, do you want
yet more clothes? Shame on you!”

“Oh, very vell,” he retorted, “you yust
vait until very soon. My, but I’m sorry
for you, den; you'll see!”

That day, when his wife was out he went

-and knocked at every tenant’s door. But
they were prepared for him.

“Who iss dat?” they asked through the
closed door.

“Dis ie Moses Karp, de lantlort,”
pleaded.

“Go away.”

“I am de lantlort here; I tell you. Don’t
you pay no rent to my vife Amelia, next
mont’. You pay to me, do you hear. or I
am sorry for you.”

As all the twenty-eizht families said that
they would pay Amelia as usual, Moses pro-
seeded to get even. One afternoon when
he was supposed to be out afier a can of
beer he slipped down unknown to Amelia
to the office of City Marshal Kraushaar
and had him draw up eviction notices for
the tenants who hal been rude to him.

The evening after the notices were served
Moses, who had in the meanwhile been be-
having himself like a model husband, though
the look in his eye made Amelia think he
must be up to something, asserted his in-
dependence. He went and knocked at the
twenty-eight doors again, end called out:

“Now, ain’d I told you I'd be sorry for
you right avay, yes?”

The eviction casea came up
morning in the Fifth District
Court before Justice Leon Sanders.
was there early, under the wink of City

farshal Kraushaar, ready to look defiance
on his wife. ‘The cases were called. As the
officer finished reading them off a procession
entered the court room. In the first divi-
gion was the robust Amelia, attended by
Lawyer Tolleris; they walked up and took
peats well forward. In the second division
were the twenty-eight families of tenants,
marching by floors. In the last division
were many people from along the route
who had followed the cortége under the
impression that it was part of some big
funeral.

“Chudge,” said Moses, “dese beobles
von'd pay any rent to me und insteat dey

fe ail da moneys to my vife, unt she puts
t bei the bank. I am de leaseholder, unt so
if dey pay not me, dey get by me all put oud.
Right?” ae

“Ve ton’'d know him. Amelia Karp iss
te von who alvays takes de moneys,” spoke
up Golda Kupperman, one of the tenants,
from a back seat.

* The Justice looked puzzled. “Dot's

 

 

he

esterday
Municipal
Moses

right, dot’s right,” sang out other tenants.
° man iss only de lantlaty’s husspant,”
eaid another tenant.

The Justice grew more and more puzzled.
If Amelia were the leaseholder, would ber

} }

|

‘

FIRE

 
   
 

   

 

-_————————____...., eee

husband have any ght to collect rents in
her stead, and if Moses were the lease-
holder would Amelia be entitled to collect
instead of Moses, and if either were the
leaseholder, would the tenants have a right
to pay rent to the other one if they so pre-
ferred ,and if not, would either have the——

A long bearded man, panting from haste,
came in and broke up the Justice's delibera-
tions at this point. Jacob Needel, hesaid
was his name, of 106 Ridge street. -He an-
nounced that he was joint leaseholder with
the Karps, and wanted to know where he
came in, if the tenants were all to be dis-

ossessed. Needel was too much out of
breach to say whether Mosos or Amelia
was the rightful collector of rents or to cast
any light upon the tangled case. ;
he Justice had an inspiration, Looking
over the eviction notices, and not finding
the names of all the parties claiming to be
leaseholders upon them, he ruled that the
papers were defective and discharged the
cases “without prejudice.”

It was rumored among the tenants yester-
day evening that peace had been declared
between Moses and Amelia. The fact that
Moses was seen late in the afternoon walking
up Second avenue in a pearl gray summer
suit, with a striped shirt thrown in, gave
color to the rumor. It is probable that the
difficult case will not trouble Justice Sanders

again.
TWO LOANS'ON ONE MORTGAGE,

Mixed Up Financial Deal Causes Broker's
Arrest, '

Joseph Meyers, 87 years old, living at
the Everett House, at Seventeenth street
and Union Square, a broker at 546 Broad-
way, was arrested yesterday afternoon
in the Tombs police court on a warrant
issued by Magistrate Wahle on a charge of

and larceny, preferred by Frank R.

iedler, 49 years old, a financier of 42 Broad-
way, the sum being $1,000.

Biedler alleges that on January 17
Meyers represented himself to be the owner
of a mortgage made in his favor by Anna
Enricht for $3,000 on the building at $29
Hancock street, Brooklyn.

On the strength of this representation
Biedler lent Meyers the sum represented
by the mortgage. Later, he says, he was
informed by Kichard Malcolm of 21 East
Twenty-fourth street that Meyers was not
the owner of the mortgage, but that he
had borrowed also from Malcolm on it.

Biedler wishes to collect a belence of
$1,000 he claims due him.

The charge that the mortgage had been
used twice came out at the hearing by
Magistrate Wahle, before whom Meyers ap-
yeared on a summons obtained by Malcolm.

iedler’s attorneys became acquainted
with the Malcolm transaction and took
steps to have Meyers arrested.

Ho» was then arraigned before Magistrate
Wabhle, and in default of $2,500 bail was re-
manded to the Tombs to appear for ex-

 

 

 

amination on July 6 in the x Market
court.
The hot, thirsty season

brings a demand for cooling
drinks and frozen desserts.

Meet it with
Welch's
A punch, frappe or dessert
made from this purest and
most delicately avers of
all grape juices is a revela-
tion,

  

Sold by druggists and grocers
everywhere, rite us for free
book of recipes. Welch Grape

Juloe Co,, Westfield, N. Y.

Niagara Falls and return
Tickets good going July 3; returning till Juty 5, inc.

Oswego Old Home Week

Good going June 30, July 1-2 rettrning till July 9, inc.

 

<_<

         
  
  
  
 
  

From England’s sway
we broke away, and called it Independence Day.
That liberty which made us free now has no fairer devotee
than Phoebe Snow, because, you know, she’s overcome a darker foe;
and this explains why travel stains are seldom seen on Phoebe’s trains,
and why her dress is cinderless and why all else is cleanliness, for Freedom’s light
shines twice as bright where trains are run with Anthracite.

The exclusive use of hard coal in all passenger locomotives is one of the many
reasons why the Lackawanna Railroad is the best way between

New York and Buffalo

Fourth of July Excursions

$9.00
$6.50

— ooo

SUGAR DEMURRERS ARGUED.

EFFORT TO SAVE INDICTED MEN
FROM IMPRISONMENT.

 

 

Counsel Asserts That Congress Didn't
Mean to Make Conspiracy a Separate
Offence in Rebating Cases—District
Attorney Brings Up Previous Statute.

Argument on the demurrers to indict-
ments in the sugar rebate cases was held
before Judge Holt in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday. United States
District Attorney Henry L. Stimson and
his assistant, Henry A. Wise, appeared for
the Government.

Austen G. Fox and John D. Lindsay
appeared for the New York Central Rail-
road, which is accused in thrée indictments,
along with its Vice-President Nathan Guil-
ford and General Traffic Manager Frederick
L. Pomeroy of violating the Elkins anti-
rebate law. Along with Ernest A. Cardozo
and Howard 8S. Gans they opposed the
integrity of the fourth indictment de-
murred to. This accuses the two railroad
men and C. Goodloe Edgar and Edwin
Earle, Detroit sugar merchants, of con-
spiracy to violate the Elkins law in secur-
ing rebates on sugar shipped in 1904 to the
Detroit men over the New York Central
road by the American Sugar Refining Com-
pany. The trust has pleaded not guilty
to the three remaining indictments charg-
ing it with rebating.

Mr. Fox, wno made the main argument
for Guilford and Pomeroy, gave the im-
pression that his olients didn’t mind par-
ticularly being convicted of rebating, but
would fight the conspiracy proceedings,
which carry imprisonment. Mr, Fox argued
that the conspiracy and the rebate indict-
ments overianped | Gach other. Rebatin
was impossible without conspiracy, and
the Elkins law must include conspiracy
to rebate in its scope, The separate in-
dictment against the four men for con-
spiracy to rebate thus amounted to a second
accusation for the one offence and must
he thrown out.

Moreover, if Congress had intended to
punish rebating, or its undivorcible parent
offence, conspiracy to rebate with imprison-
ment it would have said so in the Elkins
law, Mr. Fox contended. That it had
fixed Only, a fine for the penalty showed
its plain intention to impose only fines for
both FeDRuing and the conspiring arrange-
ments by which rebates were secured.

The other lawyers carried out this argu-
ment, alleging also against all four indict-
ments a lack of particularity, which left
their clients no chance to prepare e suitable
defence. —

Mr. Stinson met Mr. Fox's argument
squarely. Whatever intention on the part
of Congress was read into the anti-rebatin
acts, there was a law. he pointed out, which
said that giving or taking rebates was an
offence against the Government, punishable
by heavy fines. And there was a statute
already on the books making conspiracy to
commit such an offence a crime punishable
by imprisonment of not more than two

ears and a fine. Congress could hardly

be blamed for not putting another statute
onthe books imposing imprisonment when
such e statute already existed,

 

2D BATTERY IN CAMF TO-DAY.

Will Be in Van Cortlandt Park Until July 4
—Has New Government Equipment.

With new three inch guns of the latest
model, new fair weather harness, forge and
other equipment reczived from the War
Department a few days ago, the Sscond
Battery will establish Camp Thurston at
Van Cortlandt Park this afternoon to re-
main until July 4.

‘he battery, under command of Capt.
David Wilson, will be instructed in the use
of the new field 6 by Lieut. David
McC. McKell, Artillery Corps, U. S. A.
This will be the first appearance of the
battery with its new Government equip-
ment, which is the most complete of any
light battery in the State.

tt nIEIn EEE ESEnEeEEeeeeeeee

a

Delaware Water Gap and return - -
Mount Pocono and return - - -

Stroudsburg and return - - - - -
Cresco and return -

The Road o

    

  
 

CHAUFFEUR KILLED.

 

Auto Wrecked by Trolley Car—Chauffeur's

i Four Companions Injured.

An automobile belonging to Brooklyn,
Joseph Wickert, a shoe manufacturer of
was struck and wrecked by a Sumner
avenue trolley car at Pacific street and
Troy avenue early yesterday morning,
The chauffeur, Herman Schnibbe, 40 years
old, who lived at Greenville, N. J.,was killed
and four friends of the latter who were
with him were more or less injured. On
Thursday afternoon Mr. Wickert took two
friends out for a ride in the auto and it was
near midnight when he returned to his
home at 839 Prospect place,

Schnibbe then drove to the ealoon of
John J. Tietjen in Myrtle avenue and Hewes
street, where he was formerly employed
as a bartender, and got four of bis riends
to take a spin with him. The auto was
moving along Pacific street near Troy
avenue when the Sumrer avenue trolley
car stop to allow some passengers to
alight. Schnibbe, seeing the car, slowed
up his machine, but did not stop. Before
it could cross the tracks the trolley car
started and shooting forward with much
speed struck the rear end of the auto. The
fender of the car was forced under the
rear wheel and upset the automohile.
Schnibhe was pinned under the machine
and a broken lamp was crushed into his
ribs, inflicting severe internal injuries,
which resul in his death soon after an
ambulance surgeon arrived.

The four other occupants of the car were
all injured. They were Charles ietjen,
41 years old, of 705 Wythe avenue, who was
thrown twenty fect, but escaped with a few
bruises; Henry Mueller, 41 years old, of
730 Wythe avenue, severe scalp wound
and a badly cut leg; Samuel Oldham, 41
years old, of 703 Wythe avenue, lacerations
on the legs, and Charles Hutchings, 51 years
old, of 582 Bedford avenue, scalp wound and
lacerations on legs.

Henry P. Hauck of 1377 Bergen street,
the motorman, was arrested and was held
for examination in $3,000 bonds by Magis-
trate Higginbotham. Mr. Wickert said
that Schnibbe had been in his employment
as chauffeur for three years and was in
every way a capable man.

VETERAN TEACHER RETIRES.

Dr. Crutkshank Quits Exitucational Work
After Thirty-one Years Service.

Dr. James Cruikshank, who for thirty-
one years has been principal of Grammar
School 12 in Adelphi street, Brooklyn,
and for twenty years PEA Ee of the Even-
ing High School in that borough, has ten-
dered his resignation from the Depart-
ment of Education, to take effect on Septem-
ber 1. He was graduated from Union Col-
lege, Schenectady, in 1851. Before going to
Brooklyn he was chief clerk and superin-
tendent of the Albany State Department
of Instruotion. The pupils in the Adelphi
street school gave him a warm farewell
yersriay and some friends of the pupils

resented him with a handsome pair of
fink cuff buttons with diamond centres.

 

 

    

 

Anthracite

—

 

mn a pe nn EEE

$3.40
4.65
3.50
4.20

DEFIES RAPID TRANSIT BOARD

ELEVATED T0 GO AHEAD WITH
EXTRA TRACKING 8D AVE,

 

 

Vice-President Bryan of Interborough
Says Company Considers It Is Acting
Fully Within Its Charter Rights—City
to Bring Proceedings to Remove Tracks

Vice-President F. P. Bryan of the Inter-
borough Rapid Transit Company, com-
menting yesterday on the refusal of the
Rapid Transit Commission to grant a fran-
chise permitting the company to add a
third track to the Second and Third avenue
elevated lines, intimated that the company
would go ahead and build the extra track
on Third avenue despite the decision of the
commission.

“The company,” Mr. Bryan said, “has
never for a moment considered that it was
not acting fully within its charter rights
in doing what it has done in laying a third
track down Third avenue. To promote
this more rapidly and add the facility of a
complete all day express service up and
down Third and Second avenues, it applied
to the Rapid Transit Commission last spring
a year ago for the authority to carry outa
definite scheme as above outlined. This
was tabled and we have not since renewed
the application.

“The hearing yesterday was at the instance
of the State lroad Commissioners and
representatives of The Bronx. When the
people understand how important to the
general transportation problem this im-

rovement would be, and how indisputably

t is the only method of early relief, I am
confident it will meet with their support. I
represented my company at the hearing
minPIy to state that we were prepared to
comply with the demands of the Commis-
sioners, and that while what was then pro-
osed was not quite what we had asked
his company would meet the amended
proposition as fully as possible.”

Corporation Counsel Delany, in en opinion
to the Mayor, has said that the company is
practically trespasser on that part of Third
avenue over which it has laid stretches of a
third track. In taking the action it did in
respect to the application of the Inter-
borough company the Rapid Transit Com-
mission directed that the Corporation Coun-
sel should be informed of its decision in
order that he might go ahead with the pro-
ceedings to force the company to remove
its third trackage from Third avenue.

It was learned yesterday that the com-

ny will fight any effort in this direction

y the city. The contention will be made
by the company, that under the charter
granted to t fanhattan Railroad Com-
pany it has the right to lay a third track,
and it was explained yesterday by repre-
sentatives of the company that the only
reason the Rapid Transit Commission was
applied to for a franchise was to provide
for an uate express service between
Manhattan and The Bronx by adding a third
track to the Second avenue line as well as
to the Third avenue system.

 

AILROFD

 

 

S62 .50

AND RETURN

Aeclane City
|

Sunday, July
SPECIAL TRAIN

Leaves NEW YORK, West 234 Street

      
 

Desbrosse: 5 t

“ BROOKLYN : Ss ava Berhad Streets
RETURNING, leaves ATLANTIC CITY . ° . ‘ e .
Stopping at Newark and Elizabeth in each direction.

TICKETS GOOD ONLY ON SPECIAL TRAIN
W, W. ATTERBURY,
General Manager

J. R, WOOD,
Passenger ‘raMe Manager

{, (906

D W. Bowe

GEO. W. '
General Passenger Agent

It means freedom from black, choking soft coal smoke that soils the clothes and mars the landscape.
Superior through service daily between New York, Buffalo, Chicago and St. Louis, with Pullman Parlor
and Sleeping Cars, Observation and Dining Cars and high-back seat coaches. |

Analomink and return - - - - =
Henryville and return - - - - - - 3.90
Pocono Summit and return - - -

Tobyhanna and return - - - + -

 

eee

|

eS
=
°

TTDI TMNT LULA tc
a

4

WW ee

 
 

$3.70

4.75
4.95

BATTLESHIP TAR KILLED.

and Others Fought With a Policeman
Who Tried to Quiet Them.

Able Seaman Hugh P. McCarfen of the
battleship Pennsylvania died in the naval
hospital in Brooklyn at 4 o’clook yesterday
morning of pistol shot wounds inflicted by
Patrolman Michael J. Flanagan of the
Fulton street station during a fight on
Sands street near the navy yard gate
shortly after midnight.

McCarren and a dozen other sailors of
the Pennsylvania had had shore leave on
Thursday afternoon. They were returning
to their ship, and while walking through
Sands street made considerable noise. One
of the occupants of a house asked Patrolman
Flanagan to make the sailors keep quiet.
The officer asked the sailors, who had been
drinking, to make less noise. McCarren
took offence at the language and he was
threatened with arrest unless he walked
along in an orderly manner. McCarren
offered to fight and Patrolman Flanagan
then placed him under arrest. The two
men were soon wrestling, McCarren trying
to escape from Ilanagan, who held on to

him.

“Shipmates, help!” yelled McCarren.

The dozen sailors ran to the rescue of
McCarren and Flanagan was knocked down,
his night club was wrested from him,
his helmet was battered and his coat was
torn almost from his back. When he re-

ained his feet he was struck by two stones
thrown by the sailors. One stone struck
him on the head. Then the sailors started
onarunforthe navy yard gate. Flanagan
called to McCarren to halt. The latter, it
is said, responded with an oath. Flanagan
then fired his revolver and the bullet struck
McCarren in the back. His shipmates
halted, picked him up and carried into
the yard. When Flanagan arrived at the
gate, he demanded that McCarren be turned
over to him, but the sergeant of marines
refused todo }Janagan then telephoned
to the station house, explained the circum-
stances and, as soon as the reserves arrived,
he was taken to the Cumberland street hos-

ital, where his wounds were dressed. He

ad received during the fight two severe
scalp wounds, one of his eyes was closed and
his ey, was bruised where the sailors had
kicked him. He reported “unfit for duty,”
and ‘went home.

Yesterday morning Police Captain Gal-
lagher visited the navy yard, and then
learned that MoCarren had died at 4 o'clock.
The yard authorities refused to permit an
ambulance surgeon to see McCarren when he
was shot, and the sailor was taken to the
naval hospital. Flanagan said he had fired
the shot at the sailors without any intention
of injuring them, but simply to make them
halt. When it was ascertained that the
sailor was dead Flanagan was placed under
arrest on a charge of homicide.

TRAIN FIGHTERS FINED.

 

 

Victim of Rowdles Arrested, Too—Court
Approves Broken Nose.

Three young men who were in the last
car of a southbound Third avenue elevated
train at 1:30 o'clock yesterday morning
started a fie ht with another passenger. Soon
the car was in an uproar and excitement
spread through the train. The motorman
blew his whistle and half a dozen policemen
met the train at the Fifty-third street
station and arrested the four principal
fighters.

Paul Payne of 970 Second avenue had a
broken and cut nose. He said he got his
injury from a lather’s hatchet held by
David Ehrich of $23 East 10ist street, who
was one of the prisoners. The other men
arrested were Williain Williams of 54 First
avenue and John butler of 930 First avenue.

In the Yorkville police court Ehrich said
that tne three other men had insulted him
in the car and when he protested they at-
tacked him.

“There is too much rowdyism in the street
cars and it should be stopped. I think
pee injured nose was what he deserved,
= Be econ the fight,” said Magistrate

n ;

He discharged Ehrich and fined the three

others $5 each. oo aaal

Ne Ss

—_——— —— — —————_—————— TTT Nn eee sa se — eee

LONG TERM FOR BURGLAR,
Eddie Malone, Noted Crook, Gete 2%
Years in Sing Sing.

Judge Aspinall in the County Court,
Brooklyn, yesterday sentenced Edcie Ma-
lone, alias John Smith, to twenty-five
years imprisonment in Sing Sing for burg-
lary. Malone was captured after an ex-
citing race on the night of June 10 after
he had broken into a butcher’s store at 174
Seventh avenue and rifled the safe.

He is 53 years old and according to the
police records has spent over twenty years
of his life in prison. Judge Aspinall in
imposing the heavy sentence said: “It is
the policy of this court to pass heavy sen-
tences on all New York crooks who come
here to rob our citizens, asa warning to
other New York crooks to keep out of Kings
county. I give fair notice to criminals of

our type that they cannot come into
this county, blow open safes, commit burg-
lary or shoot officers.”

Herman Palmer, an alleged accomplice
of Malone in the burglary, is under arrest,
and will be tried next week.

 

DISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA

Brushed Scales from Face Like Powe
der—Under Physicians Six Months
But Grew Worse —Some Sald
Face Would Be Marked for Life~
Now Without a Blemish,

CUTICURA REMEDIES
WORK WONDERS,

“As I was a sufferer with eczema
I write to tell you what a great friend
I found in Cuiticura Remedies. - In

S six months I had
tried three doctors,
but did not get any
better. It was on
my body and on my
feet so thick that
3 could hardly put
& pin on me withe
out touching ec-

*zeme. My face was
covered, my eyebrows came out, and
then it got in my eye. I then went to
another doctor. é asked me what
I was taking for it, and I told him
Cuticura. e said that was a

good thing, but that he thought that
my face would be marked for life. But
Cuticura did its work and my face jis
now oat ae cleat ee it ever was.

“My brother-in-law told me ab
the wonderful Cuticura Peicatoae
] took his advice and got the Ointment,
Soap, and Resolvent. I washed with
the Cuticura Soap and then applied
the Ointment, and took cura
Resolvent as directed. In a short
time my face began to get better, and
when had taken one bottle of
Resolvent I could brush the scales
off my face like a powder, When I
had taken four bottles my face was as
a as oe

‘I told all my friends about m
remarkable cure. I feel so thankful
I want everybody far and wide to
know what Cuticura can do. It is
eure cure for eczema, (signed) Mrs.
Emma White, 641 Cherrier Place
Camden, N. J., April 25, 1905.”

Complete External and Interna) Trea
Bomor, from Pimples to Serofula, from incur kee
Syn set oom Cheats Conte Bes oe pet
- ( jocolate I °
@4), may be bad of all druggis, Sena tale

Drag & Chem, Corp.. tole Props.
Ga Mailed Bre, “Liow io Cure Lestma™

 

 

 

 

   

it OIA! 9 rsa nt