~ =

SSS

> RASPES

ere pabieaconc i
E Se -
x . oa

 

> &

@

+ i

a

4. &

; .

4

.

7 .

a &

- 2

f +

HE

7 4}

h i:

a 8

i

e

|

a

5

%

i

J

o

;

;

4

t
aM,

‘ obligations,
from the exaction of damages for insult

 

SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 1906.

 

 

 

 

 

Entered ab the Post Office at New York a8 Second
Class Mall Matter,

 

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, Per Month
DAILY, Per Year.....
SUNDAY, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month, ,..c+eees
Postage to foreign countries added,

 

 

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street, In the Borough ot

Manhattan, New York.
eeeeeeeasteemenaooeeasemenenenrend

If our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

ne
————————— ee

“Some Other Republican.”’

To an inquiry from a veteran Repub-
lican who doubtless was abroad on
the Tuesday after the first Monday in
November, 1904, Mr. ROOSEVELT has
replied through his secretary that he is
not a candidate for President in 1908.
“You will have to vote for some other
Republican next time,” he writes by the
hand of LOEB.

A man who was a delegate to the con-
vention that nominated FR&MONT and
Dayton is of an age to be treated with
deference and punctilious courtesy. The
same question from a more modern
man would justify some impatient heat
on the part of Mr. RoOSEVELT. He is
not used to having his sincerity brought
into doubt, least of all by his professed
friends. He voluntarily gave notice of
his intention to the American, people on
the night of the day of his memorable
triumph at the polls. He must regard
suspicion of his perfect good faith in
that solemn public determination rather
as an insult than as a compliment.

 

 

 

The San Domingo Treaty Again Post-
poned,

Although the treaty concluded by the
State Department with the Government
of the Dominican Republic has been
subjected to drastic modifications by the
Senate's Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, there is no doubt that had it come
to a vote it would have failed to obtain
the necessary two-thirds. The friends
of the treaty brought about the post-
ponement of the test, hoping, apparently,
to profit by the lapse of time and the
chapter of accidents.

In its amended form the treaty has
been pruned of most of the features
which to many Senators seemed ob-
jectionable. It no longer commits the
Senate to the formal approval of what
has been called the Roosevelt Corollary
to the Monroe Doctrine, the assumption,
namely, that the application of that doc~
trine to actual and prospective condi-
tions constrains us logically to interpose
between an American republic and ite
foreign creditors for the purpose of dis-
charging the function of debt collector
and customs revenue receiver. The as-
sumption involvee, of course, the accept-
ance of a preceding postulate, which the
Latin American countries repudiate, that
contractual debts due from an American
republic to foreign creditors are recov-
erable by force. From one point of view
the State Department itself might have
found a ratification of the Dominican
treaty at this time inopportune and in-
convenient, for the fundamental postu-
late just named is one of the questions
that will be discussed at the Pan-Amer-
ican Congress, which is about to meet at
Sio de Janeiro.

Secretary Root, who will represent the
United States in that congress, is aware
that the spokesman of Argentina will try
to obtain an indorsement of the Calvo
or Drago doctrine (named sometimes
after its original propounder and some-
times after a later conspicuous advo-
cate), which is earnestly upheld by most
Latin American jurisconsults from Mex-
ico to Santiago and from Bogota to
Buenos Ayres. This doctrine holds
that in the case of debts to which,
in their inception, no taint of crime or
tort attached, but which arose out of
contract, the maxim careat emptor is
justly applicable, and that under such
circumstances the foreign creditors of
an American debtor State must be rele-
gated for their sole remedy to the latter's
tribunals. That such relegation may
involve some risk of losing the money
advanced is not denied, but it is pointed
out that the risk is almost alwaye allowed
for by the terms of the contract, under
which the lender exacts a discount and
a rate of interest which under other
conditions would be exorbitant. It is
inequitable, 89 many Latin Americans
contend, that a European creditor, hav-
ing insured himself in advance against
a risk, should be allowed to use his coun-
try's army and navy for the purpose of
eliminating the risk altogether. We are
not now defending the Calvo doctrine,
but simply defining it, and the definition
is timely, because if Argentina, backed
as she will be by many if not most of her
Latin American sisters, shall have her
way at Rio de Janeiro, tho Pan-American
Congress may be persuaded to place
upon the doctrine the seal of its approval
and recommend the submission of it ta
the coming conference at The Hague.

The practice of nations with regard to
the armed enforcement of contractual
as sharply distinguished

or violent injury, has notoriously been
inconsistent. For a short time England
and Spain cooperated with France in the
demonstration intended to compel Mex-
jeo to pay debts arising out of contract,
but both of the first named Powers with-
drew £8 soon as the scope of LovIs Na-
POLEON'S design was known or guessed.
From that tino untila few yeare ago the
British Government, although quick to
resent any crime or tort, refrained fror
compelling by force a weak debtor State
to meet contractual obligations due to
its subjects, except in the single case of
Egypt, where the interests of British
holders of Egyptian bonds were com.
plicated with the grave political neces-
sity of controlling the short route to
India. Ité-was therefore a pronounced

 

 

departure from the course pursued by
Great Britain for forty years with regard
to Latin American republics when she
consented to take part with Germany
and Italy in the blockade of La Guayra.
It should be noted that even then the
step was not taken until fhe assent of
the State Department had been requested
and received, We have several times
set forth reasons for thinking that on
that occasion the assent of our Govern-
ment to the coercion of Venezuela was
somewhat too hastily yielded and that
it threatened to open a Pandora's box of
troubles.

We have to deal with facts, however;
and though we may not like them, we
must make the best of them. That is
what Mr. RooskveLr and Secretary
Root have tried to do with the unfortu-
nate Venezuela precedent. Having once
acquiesced in the enforcement of con-
tractual obligations on Venezuela, the
State Department can hardly at this
time of day accept the Calvo doctrine.
It can minimize, however, the practical
objection to the opposite principle, and:
shield an American debtor State from
the fate of Egypt, by offering itself to
stand as a buffer between creditor and
debtor and discharge the function which
is performed by the receiver of an in-
solvent railway. Why should a Latin
American republic, which honestly de-
sires to pay ita just debts, resent such an
interposition, especially when the United
States, in the capacity of receiver, an-
nounces that no debt will be paid until the
equity thereof is established in a court
of justice? Would it not be better in the
long run for the credit of Latin American
countries, as well as for their inviolabil-
ity, that Mr, RoosEvEvr's solution of a
problem seriously complicated by the
Venezuelan precedent should be gener-
ally even if reluctantly acoepted?

There is this to be said about Mr.
ROOSEVELT'S proposed method of pro-
tecting the feeble Dominican Republio
from the indefinite ocoupation of its
seaports in the interest of European
creditors, a method which for some time
has practically been carried out under
an inchoate agreement with the Ameri-
can Government: if the Senate keeps its
hands off long enough, the money needed
to pay the foreign creditors of Santo
Domingo will have been collected and
distributed, and no ratification of a
treaty will be necessary.

 

Good News for Text Book Sellers.

Elated as the Simplified Spellers must
be over the adoption of their forms for
300 words by the New York public school
authorities, their joy is gloom compared

     

TT - rrr
ND

nerated members of the bar in every cen-
tre of wealth make it their special task
to work out bold and ingenious schemes
by which their clients, individual or cor-
porate, can evade the laws which were
made to regulate, in the interests of the
public, the uses of great wealth,”

Mr. Cook must have been thinking the
matter over the greater part of a year,
for the legal profession was thus ar-
raigned at the bar of public opinion a
year ago at the Harvard commence-
ment. He does not defend the profes~
sion; indeed, he acknowledges that there
are black sheep in its ranks, as who
would not, and at once he takes up the
ethics of the case, The question is
raised, he says, whether euch conduct
of members of the legal profession “is
consirtent with their duty to the publio,
to the courts and to their associates at
the bar.”

Mr. Cook contends that the lawver is
an agent and servant of civil govern-
ment, and “as such his office is as dis-
tinct and important as are those of the
Judge and the jury.” In the abstract
such a theory can be maintained, but in
the application there is danger of con-
fusing the function of the advocate who
is paid by his client with that of the
Judge who is paid by the State. Theduty
of the Judge isto apply and enforce the
law; that of the advocate to seek an in-
terpretation of the law in the intererts of
his client. They may well disagree with-
out discredit to either.

“If a lawyer,” asks Mr. Cook, “know~
ingly aids the evasion or defeat of the
law, is he not false to his oath and to
his trust?” He is, and the name of
pettifogger fits him without regard to
the size of his fee. There is no more to
this disquisition upon the lawyers and
the trusts than question and inevitable
answer, except a complaint that the
subject of legal ethics receives scant
attention from the law schools, It may
be said for them, however, that they do
not justify thimblerigging in the inter-
ests of any client, but take it for granted
that character will be one of the assets
of their students.

It is true, as charged, that “too often
has pursuit of wealth become the chief
—even the avowed—aim of conspicuous,
brilliant members of the bar,” although
great lawyers are not in the habit of
making the avowal. But so long as
their practice is legitimate, where is the
blame, unless the lawyer regards him-
self as “an agent and servant of civil
government” in an exalted sense? He
is within his rights and ethically justi-
fied, if he does not resort to the wiles
and deceit of the pettifogger. If he is

to that of the printers and sellers of | a great advocate or a learned jurist he

text books, reference works and the like.
Changed spelling for 300 words in com-
mon use means the discarding of the

will become rich in spite of any abstract
theories he may entertain about his pro-
fession. The possession of wealth by a

books now in the hands of half a million | Jawyer is not necessarily disreputable,

boys and girls, and the purchase of new
ones, arranged to fit the altered condi-
tions. It cannot be done for nothing,
and the suppliers of text books have not
been accused of doing solely business
for the benefit of their health.

Naturally, if the simplified spellings
are approved after trial further changes
will be introduced, necessitating more
new books. On the other hand, if the
authorities decide the present spelling
to be preferable the new books will be
pitched out and a fresh set of the old
ones purchased. Either way the book
publishers win, The gentle taxpayer,
who contributes $25,000,000 a year to the
cause of education, has the pleasure of
knowing that there are always avenues
for the expenditure of more money,

In the meantime it is not unlikely that
the pupils in public schools will continue
to spell words according to their own
taste and judgment, without regard to
Simplified Spellers.

 

Mr. Brick on the Anolent Egyptians,

The Hon. ABRAHAM LINCOLN BRICK,
who confesses that he lives “in the beau-
tiful city of South Bend, Ind., that gems
the glory of the St. Joseph valley—the
loveliest, happiest valley the sun in all
of its ceaseless wanderings ever looked
down upon,” believes in protection and
represents the Thirteenth Indiana dis-
trict in the House of Representatives,
Of the Hon. Henry T. Ramey of Illinois
he has a low opinion, and says:

“ Mr. RAINBY may wall against destiny. He may
tell you that we afe nelther prosperots nor happy.
He may invite you to como with him and live among
the conditions that prevail $n forelgn countries,
He may appeal with demagogic phrase to @ jealous
weakness and human discontent; but I believe he
underestimates the intelligence of the American
people. I believe the American people will stop
long enough in the busy whirl of the most splendid
industrial condition of the world to trim the lamp
of honest, alncere thought, and when they do—when
they do they'll know that the same epirit which has
touched them all with joy and hope in the past
and present will come nearer giving them what
they want Im the future than any other power
under Gop's providence.”

There is a watch factory in the beau-
tiful city that gems the glory of the St.
Joseph valley, and ite proprietors deny
that the tariff enablés them to exact
exorbitant prices for their wares in this
country while selling them at a profit
for considerably less abroad, Plain busi-
ness this, and not to be compared with
Mr. Brick's orations in Congress. As to
the ancient Egyptians, he remarks:

“ Prosperity is @ fact. For over three thousand
years the world has forgotten all that the Egyptians
ever sald or wrote upon the subject of architecture;
Dut over yonder on the desert sands of Africa stand
the immortal pyramids, giant facts, giving eternal
testimony of what the Egyptians could do In the
way of architecture. There they stand, one of the
elght wonders of the world, yet ae insignificant ss
an ordinary tombstone when compared with the
marvellous pyramid of American prosperity that
presees ovt the sky in the supremacy of 84,000,000
people.”

Mr. BrIck's speech, delivered last
Tuesday, consisted of a column of origi-
nal matter, and three columns of letters
and extracts from the American Jeweller.
The proportion should be reversed. Mr.
Brick is a giant fact and should not so
repress himself. True, he should be
diluted somewhat, but not to the extent
he has been in this latest mixture,

 

The Lawyer and His Practice.
Mr. FRANK GAYLORD COOK in the cur-
rent number of the North American
Review finds a text for an article upon
the lawyers and the truste in President
Rooseveit's. charge that “many of the
most influentig) and most highly remu-

What Mr. Cook has written might be
applied with as much aptness to admir-
alty, divorce, probate, commercial, real
estate or criminal practice as to corpo-
ration practice. The title of his article,
“The Lawyers and the Trusts,” is merely
topical.

 

If anybody don’t like {t, he can lump !t.-—BEw
TILLMAN,

It is good to see the irrepressible Pal-
metto Pitchfork himself again, devil-may-
care and idiomatic.

 

Now that Harvard has, after serving
seven years, wrested the prize of victory
from Yale, all kinds of explanations are
forthcoming. It might be well at this time
to recall the pertinent answer of GEORGR
L. Warson, the English yacht designer,
when he was asked to explain why the
Volunteer defeated his production, the
Thistle. He said: “Because she went
faster.” The aftermath of the Yale-Har-
vard race included the effacement of a
popular New London idea, to wit, that it
was better for the town to have Harvard
win, because the sons of the Crimson always
remained there to celebrate their victory,
while Yalensians hastened away to New
Haven. This time the Harvard cohorts
took their captains and their shouting out
of town before 9 o'clock and New London
had to make merry all by herself.

aes

The nomination for Governor of Inde-
pendent Republican CLEMENT by the Demo-
cratic party in Vermont is not likely to
result in his election. Nobody is so lonely
as a Vermont Democrat, except another
Vermont Democrat. But Mr. CLEMENT is
calm, experienced in running, in his private
car, and can afford to pay for his fun.

eee aaa

The London Lancet, in possession of all
available facts, concludes that with regard
to disease and cleanliness the meat ime
ported from the United States and Argen-
tina is to be preferred to the home product.
Such an optimistic view will not commend
itself to the sweet young American soclo-
logists, who seem to regard an injury to
an American industry as a work of merit,
almost of religion.

 

GeorcE BERNARD SHAW keeps on being
“an amoosin’ little cuss.” He has lost
nothing of that eense of humor which made
his book “The Perfect Wagnerite” a de-
light to all lovers of the music dramas of
RicHARD WaaGNER. In that little volume
he demonstrated with imperturbable grav-
ity that the Wagnerian dramas were noth-
ing more or less than propaganda of the
doctrine of socialism. Those familiar with
the socialistic conditions prevailing in the
realm of the henpecked Wotan got muoh

| pleasure from Mr. SHaw’s merry jest.

A day or two ago the vegetarian dram-
atiet delivered himself in London of an
oration on the horrors of Packingtown.
It was a dire catalogue of denunciatory
asseverations, winding up with the sugges-
tion that the workingmen in the packing
establishments were in the habit of polson-
ing the meat in order to wreak vengeance
on their hard hearted employers.

A truly Shawful vision and theory.

OS ak LT EK TS
L'Americaine in Paree.
Now away to gay Paree!
“Parlez-vous Francals?—mais oull*
She just knows the A. B, ©,
If she cannot speak it, she
Can read itt

 

You may smile and you may twit,
She won't mind a little bit,
Hear her talk with native grit—
“Nonmez-mo!l le—what is it?

I need iti"

“Black and red is rouge et noirt

See you later ‘'s au revoir!

Good night, yes, I know, bon soir!

We must tip—ahb! that's pourboire—
Like princes!"

Chatter, chatter! on she flows,
Though she speak It through har nose,
She's l'Américaine—tt goes!
For her independent pose

Convinces.
La Tovomm Harcocs,

nereeeteiieetnt one at

SUN, SATU

SSS :):°0° °c joqoggg_eaaqge&>c=
_—_——— ee ———————— —————————— — — ——————ET—ETET—E—E—E—E—E—E—E——EE—E—E—E—E—E———————eE eee

 

\. RUSKIN COLLEGE.

Gratifying Success of Oxferd's Institution
for Artisans.

From the Westminster Review.
Curiously enough, we owe the !dea of a
college in Oxford for the education of the
artisan class to American visitors. From the
first the college has almed at being a resi-
dential one, but the order of living Is, of
course, quite different from that of other and
richer colleges. Those who, for Instance,
are unable to devote the time or money to
residence can study the subjects taught at
the college by becoming members of the
correspondence school. For the trifling sum
of one shilling as entrance fee and one shil-
ling a month any one desirous of studying
the subjects dealt with by the faculty can do
so by home reading in leisure time, and so
follow them in detail. Some idea may be
gained of the extent and Influence of the
correspondence school when we mention
that 5,000 students have already availed
themselves of thie vrivilege.
The students of the correspondence school
have the following choice of subjects: Eng-
lish constitutional and political his/ory, Eng-
lish industrial history, the industrial revolu-
tion, the history of our own times, the labor
movement, trades unionism, the coopera-
tive movement, local government (England
and Wales), political economy, the tariff
problem, ethlos, sociology, the principles of
politics, English literature and paychology.
The students in residence are taught the
following subjects, which are wholly and
personally dealt with by members of the
faculty: Sociology, evolution, logic, psy-
chology, English grammar and shalys 4,
political economy, maauatr al history, history
of social movements, political and social
problems, class for speakin and publio work
constitutional history, practical phonetics, and
ocal goveritment.
t must not be supposed that students are
confined to any class or any country, and
4s proving the universal character of the
scheme, we have only to mention that already
students from every part of Great Britain,
Norway, Denmark and Germany have been In
residence, while the correspondence schoo
numbers Its students in South Africa, India
Australia and New Zealand. They have al
been eager to take advantage of the courses
of study, and thus have direct contact with
achotars of mark in the great city of learning,
All the essays sent in by members of the
correspondence school are read and eorrected
by one member of the faculty. That the
students have been generously appreciative
may be udged by the letters received from
the mechanics, postmen, miners, shopmen,
farm laborers and others who have bene-
fited by the courses of study.
The visitor, however, who enters Ruskin
College will perhaps he more interested in the
students and the conditions of life there.
The methods of life and study are of & come
munalcharacter. There are the fewest possi-
ble restrictions, and the entire domestic are
rangements are in the hands of the students
themselves. Each student takes his share
of responsibility in household management.
Every week a house meeting is held and the
students appoint their own officers, and each
takes his turn in sharing the various posts
for household duty. No female servants are
kept except a cook, and in the work of washe
{ng up, scrubbing floors, making beds and
cleaning rooms the student learns that house-
hold duties cre nn important part of educa-
tlon, All the students heartily enter into the
spirit of the domestic training, and from per-
sonal knowledge the present writer can
vouch that everything goes a3 merry as a
marriage bell
The second week In January begins the
first term, but students who cannot find it
convenient to enter at this time can arrange
to come at any time for a period of not less
than & month. Most of the students have
stayed not less than three months, and several
have been for a year and longer. Since 1890
there bave been 194 students in residence.
Before a student can enter he must send two
testimonials of good character as well as a
medical certificate stating that he_ suffers
from no serlous physical defect. Besides,
there are no examinations or creed tests,
whether religious or poUtical, the desire to
study the subjects prescribed being the chief
qualification for entrance, When a student
has been duly entered he is expected to work
at least two hours a day at cleaning or house-
hold duty, and when Sppointed by the com-
mittee of students to take his turn asa dele-
gate to see that the prescribed duties are all
carefully carried out. It must not be sup-
osed that married men are excluded; several
ave been In residence, but, of course, they
have been as a rule comparatively young
men. Any person unable to reside at the
college may take attend the
classes on special terms.
enters the college he is expected to fix ihe
period of his residence and to give a month's
notice before leaving.
The cost of residence, which covers board,
lodging and education, {8 only a sovereign
per week.

 

 

Insane With Malice Prepente,

To tHe Enitor or THe Sun--Sir: Every
sane man should thank you for your editorial
this morning, “The Unwritten Law.”

If a man through hatred of another allows
his passion to rule him to such an extent
that he is “impelled” to sneak up behind him
and kill him, then he {Is “insane” during the
time the passion is on him and {s not respon-
sible for what he does.

Any such rule, if upheld by a court of law,
wonld be most dangerous to society, for who
could not be held to have been insane at the
time of the commission of a murder except
the robber and the burglar?

Any man who allows his passion to rule
him is guilty of deliberately contracting dan-
gerous “insanity,” and if while in that state
he commita murder he should be punishod

 

according to law—by death. RF. X. 8.
New York, June 29,
Crippled Giants. .
To Tre Evrror or THe SuN—Sir; In reply to

“B. A. L.” regarding the crippled condition of the
Glants, permit me to state that a team parading as
“World'eChamplons" should perform rorecreditably
(crippled or not crippled) than it has.
For “B. A. L.'s” information I desire to state
that with such a resourceful manager as McGraw
{t is his duty to mend his fences with capable
cubstitutes. The Pittsburg and Chicago teams,
should they become crippled, have substitute
players as good 4s thelr regulars. Furthermore,
a@ team which has won thirty-elght single figure
games and but four double figure games !s not
hitting much, nor is quailty shown by the fact
that the “Champs” have been shut out seven
tlmes and have applied the whitewash brush but
four times, nor is batting ability shown by the fol-
lowing record: Three home runs, 22 three base hits
and 68 two base hits. The “peerless” base run-
ning has been found deficient and wanting at crit.
foal times, such players as Dahlen, Deviln, Mertes
and others (who are not cripples) being caught
asleep between the bases.
Summariz'ng the whole for “B. A. L.‘s” informa-
tlon, it 1s a fact that with but two regular players
orippled and no capable substitutes to replace
them, he 6urely cannot attribute thelr poor play-
ing to the absence of such players. Were Donlin
and Mathewson in the game right along the Giants
would perhaps stand no higher !n the race than
they do to-day. Is it beoause the team is a one
man team that our friend attributes their poor
playing to that fact? Let me inform him that
they are “World's Champions” when playing all
other teams exoepting Pittsburg and Chicago,
these latter tw being in @ much higher class than
the Glants. JF. S,
New Yorks, June 29.

Two Old Time Murders,

To THR Eprrorn or Tas Scn—Sir: The artic
tn Sunday's Scw about the murder of Adams by
Colt reminds me of an incident of my boyhood.
There formerly was a cupola on the old Tombs
somewhat like the one now on the City Hall. The
day on which Colt was to be banged this cupola
was burned, and I remember seeing it burn. |
also remember the talk of the old folks, that the
fire was qgused by Colt's friends, and the rumor
was that during the excitement caused oy the fire
Colt escaped, and that there was no suicide. Many
believed this.
1 also remember hearing when I was a little fel-
low # good deal about 6 murder of or by “Polly
Bodine.” Who was she and whom did she murder
or who murdered her?
There was Bot a murder every day in those days,
and when there was one it was the subject of con.
versation for months.

New YorE, June 27, L. K. Breomam,
SD

Snobs.
To THE Eptren oF THE RUX—Sir; Wil! you
permit me to ask 4 question which I think is a little
germane to a discussion now being carried on in
your columns?
Which is worse, the English or the American
snob?
I have my own opinion, but I would like to know
what your readers think. PENSIVR.
New York, June 29.

 

In the Spacious Times.
Raleigh had just thrown bis mantle at the Queen's

feet,
“A fine excuse to be 4 ehirt waist man,” mur-
mured the knowing ones, wiping thelr brows,
Thus we may see that politeness does sometimes

pay.

——
ee a a —
eee

RDAY,PJUNE 80, 1906.

KIND WORDS FOR DR. WALLACE.

 

Defence of a Condemned Official by &
Subordinate.

To tas Epitor or Tax Sun—Sir; Permit
me to say that Dr, John C. Wallace, Assist-
ant General Superintendent of the Street
Cleaning Department, who has been recom-
mended for dismissal by Mr. Ivins and two
Aldermen, has been in the department ever
since 1804, He is a veterinary surgeon by
profession, and first served as an assistant
foreman In one of the stables, In Col. War-
ing's administration he was made a stable
foreman, and subsequently wag promoted
to be‘superintendent of stables, and then
successfully passed the civil service exami-
nation for Assistant General Superintendent.
Col. Waring always held him in the highest
esteem, and was quick to recognize hia faith-
ful and energetic services, and commended
him for his active and intelligent supervision
of the stable force. His thorough knowledge
of the proper care and treatment of horses is
well known.

Dr. Wallace is a plain, brusque, outspoken
man, with no seintly fringes at all such as
perhaps characterize Messrs. Ivins, Grifen-
hagen and Brown; but he hee 6 gift big
generous beart, is ofa good natured, hall fellow
well met disposition, and although at times
somewhat emphatio n his lan fusge all who
know him well have a strong liking for him.
Ask the department's employees what the
think of him and their answer will be, “He
our friend every time.” It is only when they
are inexcusably violators of the rules of the
Gepartinent, untrue and infaitbful, that be is
rigid and uncompromising in the enforce-
ment of discipline.

The Ivins report that fear is a controllin
motive with the men in the performance 0
their work, Ulustrated especially in the case
of Dr, Wallace, is all nonsense, and the state-
ment. that there is “a complete spirit of dis-
satisfaction and disorganization throughout
the stable force” Is absolutely false. Mr.
Ivins and his two Aldermanto coadjutors
must have been terribly imposed upon by
the stories of some disaffected employees,
who, it may be, are out of the department
now by reason of resignation or dismissal
for Just cause.

The calling of Dr. Wallace by Ivins and
comnany “a drunkard and a gambler,” be-
cause he jooosely said, during their inquisition
of him, that sometimes he bet on horse races
and gocasiona lly drank a little too freely, is
aimply scandalous and outrageous. This
defamation of an honest, faithful publlo ser-
vant and good citizen is on a par with thelr
whole report.

Their wholesale denunciation of Commis-
sioner Woodbury and vicious condemnation
of the entire workings of the Street ae aired
Department, without a single word of ap-
proved or commendation, as reorganized by

1, Waring and carried along, honestly, in-
telligently and efficiently, precisely on the
same lines, with warranted changes and im-
provements, under Major Woadbury's ad-
ministration, plainly shows the spirit of
Breruaice injustice and animosity that began
with the Ivins minority investigating com-
mittee and ended in their voluminous rancorous
report. No wonder that three of the com-
mittee refused to sign it and spurned most
of its recommendations, WHITE WING,

New York, June 29.

 

 

His Own Publisher,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; Referring to
the letter In this morning's SON signed “Another
Author,” may I make a statement?

For twenty-elght years 1 have been publishing
books on a recondite theme that interested me. I
cared little for pecuntary returns. For twelve
volumes regularly published I had, tn 1904, recelved
just $58 proceeds (and, of course, a lot of news-
Paper mention). It occurred to me In that year
to try the experiment of being my own publisher,
I accordingly printed a book, of which 600 coples
cost me, bound, $291. Circularizing them cost me
$62.10. I presented 100 copies to friends and re-
viewers, tho other 400 1 sold at $5 aplece, and of
this lost 10 per cent. in bad debts, Therefore the
account stood:

PROCEEOE: res scccscsercsrneccios eeehestsvcees $1,800.00
458.10

$1,346.90
Deducting Interest on money invested, insur-
ance, storage, “risk,” profit and all the other items
which publishers claim I am enabled on one
volume on a subject “which nobody cares about,”
“dead matter” and all that sort of thing, which are
the publisher's shibboleths, to bank $1,200 by have
ing the whim once to let publishers go to the devil.
ANOTHER POOR AUTHOR.
New Yorg, June 28,

 

 

Woman's Inhumanity to Woman.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Str: I to-day see
a complaint in your paper by a letter from “E, ©,”
concerning “Little Woman Beats Big Woman.”
From observation I will say that woman has for-
ever becn discourteous to her own sex While at the
game time demanding great courtesy from the
Opposite Sex.

Woman can never prove her independence un-
less she acts her own part as & Woman should, ex-
tending courtesy and recelving courtesy when
Properly given and not demanding it in the bold
manner which I, a business woman, observe in
banks, tax offices, elevated roflroad stations, &o,

I myself have frequently stood in line at a busi-
ness bank awalting my turn, when In would rush
another woman, get at the head of the line and
make her deposit, using no conBideration or Judg-
ment oF courtesy. FanyY SHAPIRO,

New York, June 28,

Soda for Convicts,
From the Columbus Dispatch,

“Soda water, five cents!”

These words spoken in a whisper may be heard
in the halls of the penitentiary in the evening now-
adays. Warden Gould has given permission to
sell soda water behind the walis to the convicts,
who eagerly look forward to the evening when,
during hall permit, they are able to get this delicious
refreshment.

Old prisoners, who served behind the walls for
many years and know what It is to be held so strictly
to rules that they almost forgot how to talk, look
with wonder on the development of the elements
of humanity.

The soda, however, is “the goods” with the con-
victs, and many a man who laughed at the person
who drank ¢odas on the outside likes his little ice
cream now as well as he liked his whiskey before,

 

American Goods in Mexico,
From the Washington Post,

“American merchants could do 50 per cent, more
business In Mexico were they to study the oharacter
and condition of trade In our country,” sald Walter
B. Grevel of Mexico City.

“The main trouble with the slow sale of American
merchandise in Mexioo {ts the fact that the mer-
chants and manufacturers demand that payment
for their goods be sent upon the receipt of the bill
for the same, and this bill arrives 4 mqnth In ad-
vance of the goods. Of course, our merchants do
not favor the idea of paying for goods before re-
celving them. On the other hand, European mer-
chants are liberal in giving time limits of as high
as six months, and as & consequence egjoy @ good
portion of our trade.”

Cat Finance.

From the London Evening Standard,

The price asked for the pedigree kittens which a
member of the royal family has for sale is not ex-
cessive. They would probably command a higher
figure if sent abroad, There must be an export
trade in cats, for statisticlans who look into these
matters find that there is a great scaroity of these
creatures in seaport towns, and point to oversea
martsas the destination of the missing ones. Southey
has placed !t on record that the first settlers in Brazil
paid £300 for a cat, and for kittens their weight in
gold dust. This ts more easily to be credited when
{t is learned that a sum of £500 was refused for a
Persian cat at the Sydenham cat show some years

ago.

wr

 

“Cold'! a Negative Term.

To THE EpITOR oF THE SUN—Sir; “Cold” Is a
negative term, used in connection with the arbj-
trary numerals on the scale of the thermometer to
indicate .the relative absepce of heat from the
atmosphere we inhabit. Consequently “five de-
grees above zero” is merely the description of a
condition and js not susceptible of multiplication
by two or any other number.

In illustration of this point one might ask; “How
jolly would I be if I were twice 4s jolly 68 I was
when I drank five highbalis?” ROBERT Jar.

New York, June 29.

————]———
The Automobdile Crop.
From Datly Consular and Trode Reports.

In New York State there are 28,250 automobiles
registered, and It Is estimated that for the United
States the number exceeds 40,000. The annual
cost and operation of the New York automobiles
are said to aggremete $30,000,000, from which It ts
assumed that the entire country spends about
$70,000,000 annually for the delights of motoring.

The Pink of Commaters.
Mrs, Subbubs—She put up a beautiful monument

to his memory.
Mrs. Lonesome—Yes, he commuted for ten years

and never forgot an errand.

 

His Degree.
Knicker—He signs F. O. C. G. after his name.
Bocker~-Yes, that means Fat@er of College
Graduate

      

WHAT A MAN IS WORTH.
Court Decisions That Discredit Dr, Holt's
Theory. ‘
From the Bench and Bor, :

In his table showing the value of individua's
of the American laboring class Dr, Holt a:atce
that at 10 years of age a boy is worth 82,-
061.62; at 15 years of age he is worth $4,263.66;
at 26 he is worth $5,488.03, From that time
on his value decreases, it is declared, until
at 70 he Is worth but the trifle of $17.13, and
at 80 years of age his value is represented by
minus $872.84.

It will not be difficult to demonstrate that
the hardy son of labor, taking him limb by
limb, i worth at hia maximum considerably
more than Dr, Holt's $6,488.03. At all events,
the honest wage earner costs more than this
in the aggregate to the rich and soulless core
porations that pay the bills, when the Amerle
can jury have exercised their prerogative of
audit.

Where Dr. Holt flies off is in his profee-
sional man’s quotation. At 24, says this
authority, the professional man has an eco~
nomle value of $25,808.04. Was the doctor
talking about lawyers when he wrote down
all these numerals? There are at least two
or three 25-year-olds we could put our
hands on, in both law and medicine, who
would be more than pleased to incorporate
and capitalize themselves at just a round
$25,000, give Holt, M. D., the $808.04 as a little
“commission” on the side, and still offer a
controlling stock Interest to the distinguished
scientist or his patrons or patients, at con-
alderably less than par. We believe this
applies to young parsons too.

To get back to the workingman; the fol-
lowing table is compiled from judicial de-
cisions of the courts of last resort of this
country and Eng One eye, $5,000 on
8. W, Rep. 918); ‘| (13 Wash.,
525); two legs, $25,000 (43 Hun,, 421); one arm,

10,000 (89 Wis., 257); one hand, $6,000-$ 10,000
(76 Tex., 151—19 Kan., 493); one finger, $1,500
(04 Iowa, 880); perinanent disability, $25,000-
$80,000 (i8 Ill, App., 418-5 C. P. D. (Eng,

280).

It ls easy from the above to compute with
approximate accuracy the cost, if not the
value, of a whole man, and when it is seen
at a glance that a single eye, leg and arm
tale $30,000, many times Dr. Holt's best
or the assembled members complete
with the trunk thrown in, it makes us feel
as though this medical man had overlooked
some items, or had erred {n his addition.

Referring to the damage value of legs again
we have it on the authority of the Utah Su-

reme Court that this member {s worth more
0 a woman than a man. Thus, !n holding
$10,500 not excessive for the loss of a foot to
§, femate child, it was said in Chapman vs.

nfon Pacific Railroad Company, 12 Utah, 68:

“If the Pisin, were a male, the verdict
svould not be excessive, and the loss of a limb
toa female is infinitely greater.”

That the scientific estimates made must
be marked up some for the workingman,
with about 40 ger cent. off, we should fay,
for the professions, seems entirely clear to
our mind at this writing.

 

HISTORIC CHRISTIANITY.

Early Beliefs and Continuous Traditions of
the Church.

To tHe Enitor or Tuk Srx—Sir: The
mistake which your correspondents signing
themselves “Heretic” seem to make is this:
While they would like to rule their lives ac-
cording to the precepts of Jesus Christ, they
think that the New Testament is the only
source of information, and that what is not
very clearly taught in that portion of the
Bible is not to be required for belief. They
are surely not ignorant of the fact that
for a period of more than two centuries the
Christian Church did not possess the Bible.
Printing was not then invented, and manu-
scripts were not widely distributed, conse-
quently when at Nicesa the Church in the year
25 A. D. formulated a creed it was not 4
document like the American Constitution,
made to create a nation, but merely the gath-
ering up of existing beliefs.

The pitiful discussion at the Council of
Nicwa with Athanasius on one eide and Arlus
on the other is, to my mind, the strongest
argument {n favor of the virgin birth, the
divinity of Christ and the resurrection of
Sariets actual bod y Because the discussion

id not turn on these questions, but on the
nature of the “essence” of the divine Christ,
they seem to have been admitted by all.
A burning question at Nicswa was the “date”
of Easter, but there was no discussion as to
the “fact” whioh Faster celebrated,

Take the Church of Smyrna in the time of
Polycarp, who guffer martyrdom about
i100 A. 1), He had not read the four Gospels.
He had received the “spoken word” and not
the “written word,” and it was for the “spoken
word,” which we call “tradition” in there
days, that, he laid down his life. He did not
dio for any special precept of Christianity,
much 4 the Bermon ony e. Wound, bus he
suffer mart om fo 6 “story 0 -
tianity,” Walch included the virgin birth and
the resurrection.

The first traces of what we call the Apostles’
Creed are found in the Weane of Tertullian,
who flourished about A. D, 200, but Tertullian
did not publish this creed in order to found
a Churoh, He simply gathered up what he
understood to be the belief of the Church at
that time. Take the question of Infant bap-
tism, which Is practised by an overwhelmi
majority in the Church, It fa not prov
from the New Testament but from the con-
tinuity of the story. There never was 4 time
in tha history of the Church when children
were not baptized.

Thero is the truest analogy between the
“Ancient Order of Freemasons” and the
“Ancient Order of the Christian Church.”
Roth are founded on the traditional history
of tho order, and it is impossible for a man
to be a good Mason if be denies certain dog-
mas of that order. So it is in the Christian
Church, It is impossible for a man to be a

ood Christian (I do uot aay a cose man) if

e denies certain dogmas w ty ave alwa
existed in the Church. . D., LL. D.

BRoogLyYN, June 29.

 

 

Urban and Rural Mortaltty,
From a Ceqsus Bureau Report.

The average annual death rate in the registra-
tlon States in the years 1900-04 was 17.8 per 1,000
in the cities of 8,000 or more population In 1900 and
14.8 per 1,000 in rural districts, which, as the term
fs here used, includes everything outside these
cities. Rhode Island is the only registration State
in which the rate was as high in the rural districts
as in the cities, In Massachusetts, Connecti-
cut and New Hampshire the urban rate exceeded
the rural by less than 1 per 1,000, The excess was
greatest in New Jersey, New York and Maine,

The higher mortality for cities is duo largely
to the fact that residents of rural districts when
critically Ul resort to the hospitals and tnetitu-
tions im the cities for treatment, and that the deaths
occurring in euch cases are registered in the
cities, thus increasing the urban mortality.

The average annua) rates were lowest in St.
Joseph, Mo. (7.6); Owosso, Mich. (10.1); Lincoln,
Neb. (10.4), and St. Paul, Minn. (10.5), and highest
in Charleston, S. ©. (31.8); Wilmington, N, C, (28.2)
and Jacksonville, Fla. (28.1).

There were forty-four cities In which the average
annual death rate for the five years was twenty or
more per1,000, Nineteen of these cities are located
in the Southern States and contain a large propor-
tion of colored population, the death rate for which
in general largely exceeds that for the whites,

Southern Prosperity.

In 1885 the seven States of Alabama, Arkansas,
Georgia, Louisiana, Kentucky, Tennessee and Texas
had only $117,000,000 capital invested in manufact-
uring; to-day they have $572,000,000 so Invested, an
increase of $455,000,000.

These seven States, with Mississipp! added, tn-
creased the value of thelr farm property §$1,847,-
000,000 in 1800 over 1880 and $706,000,000 in 1900 over
1890, or by $2,053,000,000 In 1900 over 1880 All kinds
of crops are raised—cotton, fruit, poultry, hogs,
live stock, hominy, &e. The Southern poultry
brings $25,000,000 a year and the egge sell for fully
$20,000,000 a year. The butter production of the
South ts 200,000,000 pounds 4 year, and the total
annual value of the animal product is $250,000,000,
The annual value of the total farm product of these
eight States is nearly $905,000,000.

Other Southern States are doing well. Twelve
billion dollars will not cover the entire South's
increase in only @ score of years in farm velues,
bank deposits, products of factories and ‘farm
products.

 

No One Above Him,
From the North China Herald,

During the recent royal procession In Yokohama,
in marked contrast to the seas of heads that we
are accustomed to see in the upper @ories of the
houses in England on similar occasions nothing
but blank windows were to be seen—due to the
fact that in Japan nobody Is allowed to look down
upon the Emperor.

Empress Eqgenie's Dresses,
From the Spritgneld Republican.

Some recently published figures as to the ex-
travagance of American womenin dress give in-
terest to the statement of the Empress Eugenie to
@ friend in this country that but three times tn her
life did she wear a dress that cost as much as $200.
Once it was for her wedding, once for the baptism
@f the Priace [mperial,

 

 
   
  

NEW BOOKS.

In Decadent Company.

Unfragrant memories are stirred in a
new story by the author of that famous
work “Pigs in Clover.” In “The Sphinx's
Lawyer,” by “Frank Danby” (Frederick A.
Stokes Company), the reader will find him-
self called upon to consider again the case
of Oscar Wilde. When that immy ral poet
was put in prison was it wrong and wicked
to treat him there in the manner in which
prisoners are usually treated? The opinion
of the novelist is that it was exceedingly
wrong and wicked, “Frank Danby’a”
story will be found to contain some very
fervent treatment of the matter.

Wilde is called Heseltine here. He has
been provided with an imaginary widow
for the purposes of the tale. Sybil Algernon
Heseltine is the Sphinx of the title. She
is a paralyzed lady who holds a sort of oon-
tinuous salon for the honor and perpetu-
ation of the Wilde “cult.” Her lawyer waa
the brilliant Errington Weloh-Kennard,
who knew several of the Romance lan-
guages and drew upon them freely in writ-
ing notes to the ladies. He was a disciple
of Wilde intellectually, but his numerous
immoralities differed from those of the
poet in being strictly conventional.

The brilliancy and speed of Kennard as a
love maker are one of the first evidences that
will surprise the reader of the story. The
opening chapter relates the tumultuous
incidents of his second meeting with Berenice
Darcy, an unsophisticated young widow
with “exquisitely transparent skin, bright
eyes and red, soft lips.” He had been called
to see her vegarding a matter of the law;
she was barely acquainted with him, but
it will be found that his first words to her,
as soon as they were alone, were: “You
dear little woman, you dear, unconventional,
little woman, how sweet of you it was to
send for me.” His client was embarrassed,
but the Sphinx’s lawyer did not mind.
“What a wonderful complexion you have,”
he said. He had seated himself by her on
the sofa. “He had flung a careless arm
along its back. His broad shoulders and
big limbs made her feel shy.” Presently
he took her hand. She did nob exactly
approve of this, “yet the hand that held hers
was human, pleasant to the touch.” He
said to her: “Look at me; don't you like
me?” The novelist says that he was very
good looking; Berenice did like him. “What
little hands you have, five and three-
quarters, I suppose, and the palms so pink!”
She circumspectly tried to draw the en-
dangered little hand away. “Sweet little
woman!” he exclaimed, and proceeded to
furnish a climax for this surprising business.
“His movement was unexpected. Before
she had time to realize that his face was so
near to hers his arms were around her and
his lips had sought hers; he was kissing her
as she had never before been kissed.”

Such was the Sphinx's lawyer. He be-
came Berenice’s lawyer. We mean they
were married. The story says that “as a
wooer of women Welch-Kennard had been
accounted great.” It seems to us that the
opinion was justified. Let us turn for a
moment to the Sphinx and her galon. It
may be learned at page 81 that this para-
lyzed lady “was a hedonist, with level
brows and a dead white skin, who wore
Egyptian designs on her Greek tea gowns.”
Greek and Egyptian, hedonism and paraly-
sis--a queer mixing up of things. “She
liked her drawing room to be a palace of
truth; all the men and the few women who
came there she encouraged to talk of them-
selves, of each other, with an undraped,
indecorous candor.” “Here they had an
orgie once a year celebrating the demiseof
Oscar Wilde. Consider the lawyer on his
way to the salon on one occasion (page
108). Consider the subject and the kind
of the lawyer's thoughts. He was thinking
of the immoral poet “His mind was full of
that maniacal genius, who had not fled
from a burning city, but had pulled it down
upon himself, and stayed gazing, with
the wonder of a startled, unbelieving child,
when it crushed about his ears. Who
could respect man’s justice, judgment,
mercy, when one marked what followed?
How his friends ran after him, and his
enemies hooted, and the herd flung mud
and jeered at that colossal fallen figure.”
The lawyer got a bad reputation through
standing by the poet. There were other
matters that did not help to sweeten that
reputation. But Berenice pulled the lawyer
through. We may mention as an interest-
ing circumstance that she had £10,000 a
year.

 

Mr. W. Churchill’s Latest.

The colloquial style adopted by Mr. Win-
ston Churchill in his story of political life,
“Coniston” (Macmillans), enables the reader
to read with some ease the 540 pages or
pretty close on 200,000 words employed
in tellingit. It might seem captious to sug-
gest that it would have been better art if
the author had refrained from addressing
the reader directly or that the story would
have been much improved if only half as
many words had been used, and it would
matter little, for the summer reader likes
quantity and the book is sure to be read,
as it is one long glorification of the New
England woman with a conscience.

Though we are led to infer that the reve-
lations of political intrigues in the past
are of importance for the future of the
nation, and it is only with the nether side
of politics that we are made acquainted,
the political incidents serve merely as a
background, like the pretty and often re-
peated descriptions of Coniston village,
and mountain and brook, for the story of
the love of the rural autocrat, Jethro Baes
for a woman in two editions. ;

That story is well told, but as it involves
a mother and daughter, it covers a great
many years. The story would not be
ended even now if Mr. Churchill had dis-
coursed as volubly about the whole period
as he has about the few episodes he has
selected, The earlier Cynthia is charming;
we admire her spunk and principle, and
cannot see why ehe did not marry Jethro,
if only for the sake of making him walk
straight, which she certainly could have
done, Weresent her drifting away and her
slaughter to suit the novelist's purpose.

This is to bring in her daughter and show
how ehe wins the old man's heart. It
is done very prettily and with no excess of
sentimentality. The second Cynthia is a
very nice girl indeed, and smart both asa
child and as a young woman, but she does
not come up to her mother; for that matter,
few girls ever do. She lives up to her con-
science when she is tested, but it is rather
amusing to notice her feminine disregard
for the means when it is a question of putting
her own friends into office.

A whole lot of people come into the story,
many of them capital snapshots of real
New Englanders. Mr. Churchill bas put
them down just as they are, with their
ideas and their tricks of speech. Unfor-
tunately, he can do nomore with them.
They remain unchanged every time that
they appear,from beginning to end. We
fear that this applies even to his hero, Jethro,
who is very nearly the same man, except
for the author's explanations, at the end
that he is at the beginning.

Mr. Churchill, like other amateur poli-
ticians, likes to generalize from single in-
stances. He gives a capital account of how
his hero captures his first town meeting by