VOL. LXXI—NO. 55.

 

OFFER T0 BUY HEINZE’S STOCK |

 

MINERS’ UNION WILLING TO PAY
FIVE TIMES ITS VALUE.

 

Wish to Stop the Amalgamated Injunotion
@aite So That They Can Ge te Work
—Resolutions Deneuncing Judges Whe
@e Hunting—Gov. Toole and the su-
preme Court Appealed Toe—Thou-
sands of Miners at a Mass Mecting.

BuTTE, Mon., Oct. 24.—The Amalgamated
cepper situation took a surprising turn
te-day when the idle miners held a special
meeting to discuss the grave question as
{t affected them. A thousand of them
filled their union hall and 5,000 more packed
the street in front of the meeting place.
The courts were denounced vigorously in
speeches and resolutions and the union
decided to make an offer to Heinze through
Mac@Ginnias, the plaintiff in the injunction
suits, to purchase his stock in the Boston
and Montana Company, amounting to 100
shares, and also the holdings of Mac Ginnies
and Daniel Lamm in the Parrott company.

A committee was authorized to call on
MacGinnisa and offer him $500 a share for
his Boston and Montana stock and $100 a
share for his Parrott stock. Armed with
@ guarantee signed by Senator W. A. Clark,
President A. J. Davis of the First National
Bank and President John D. Ryan of the
Daly Bank and Trust Company as security
for the money offered for the stock, the
committee at once went to the offices of
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company
to see MacGinnissa, but after being kept
waiting for a long time, they were informed
that MacGinniss was not in. Then they
called at his hotel and club, but could not
find him.

The market value of Boston and Mon-
tana is about $125 and Parrott $18, but the
union proposes to pay the highest price
the stock ever reached and
MacGinniss's hands and then dismiss the
injunction suit against the company and
the Amalgamated, it being understood
that the latter would then agree to resume
operations at the mines.

When the purpose of the union was an-

nounced to the crowda on the streets there :

was tremendous shouting. The union also
adopted the following, plainly having
reference to Judges Clancy and Harney
of the District Court, Claney having de-
clined to postpone a propored hunting
trip in order to facilitate proceedings for
an appeal to the Supreme Court:

"Resolved, That it wayld he more becom-
ing to public officials to so discharge their
duty and obligations to the public that ini-
portant public business, upon which the
Uvelihood of thousands depend, could be
brought to a speedy conclusion than by
announcing that, the hunting af elk and
jack rabbits was really of more profit,
in the personal sense of auch officials, than
the energetic and speedy compietion of ser-
vice that involves the prosperity of the
pyblio at large.

“Reaolved, That the Butte miners, as citi-
zens of this community, would commend
more zealousness by public officials for
the benefit of the public than for private
enjoyment, and gain aad the. individual
enrichment of auch officials.”

Resolutions were adopted calling on Gov.
Toole to call a special session of the Legis-
lature for the purpose of passing laws to
meet the demands of the situation," especiale
ly sothaf changes of venue might he taken
in civil cases where bias or corruption of
a‘Judge was evident and also for thin pur-
peese of hearing impeachments agairst any
public officials in the State of Montana who
may be proved guilty of corruption or any
mialfeasance in office.”

a a OS
S

|

|

t
'
|
5
|

ee ee nen

SS TSE
A VICTORY FOR CYCLISTS.
Court Says They Cannot Be Kept
Driveways or Speedways.

A decision on the question of the rights of
the Parkway and other commissioners to
restrict wheelmen and others from park-
ways and speedways was handed dowd
by Justice Aspinall in the County Court
in Brooklyn yesterday. The decision was
a victory for cyclists.

F. D. Childs, a Brocklyn lawyer, was
arrested last July for riding a bicycle on
the driveway of the Coney Island Boule-
vard. He was convicted by Justice Steers
of violating a park ordinance, but sen-
tence was suspended, The case was ap-
pealed by Mr. Childs, who engaged James
D. Bell, the former president of the Brock-
lyn Good Roads Association and a stanch
friend of cyclists, to appear for him. Mr.
Bell submitted his brief, and Assistant
Corporation Counsel Joyce, who appeared
for the people, said he would abandon
the case. He remarked that Mr. Bell
might have obtained a reversal on technical
grounds if he had ao desired, but he recog-
nized the higher poirit raised and he agreed
that the arrest was illegal and that the
park ordinance, if it existed, was contrary
to the statutes of the State.

Justice Aspinall, in reversing the con-
viction, ruled that bicycles in common with
all vehicles had the right to use the drive-
way and could not be kept off it because of
the existence of cycle paths, He then
added that he was also of the opinion that
the State Legislature had not the oonsti-
tutional power to restrict any road as a
speedway and exclude from it all except
trotting horses and light vehicles.

Mr. Childs at once instructed his lawyer
to bring a suit for $25,000 damages for false
arrest against Charles W. Stokum, the
mounted policeman who arrested him for
riding on the boulevard.

ADDICKS STARTS IN AGAIN.

 

 

Begins His Campaign in Delaware Once
More to Capture a Senatorship.

Dover, Del., Oct. 24—J. Edward Addicks

take it off | has begun a new campaign to capture a

United States Senatorship from Delaware,
and promises to be more “generous” than
ever. A big advisory meeting of the
Addicks Republicans of Delaware will be

held here a week from next Wednesday /and |

this’ will virtually be the opening of the
mot vigorous campaign ever fought in
this State, the object being to elect
Addicks and Hunn, Addicks as Senator
and Hunn again as Governor.

State Chairmen J. Frank® Allee, in an-
nouncing the meeting and inviting “all
Republicans of the whatever persuasion”
to attend, throws open to the anti-Addicks
Republicans what the Addieks men declare

| will be their only opportunity to deal with

them. The Addicks men said to-day,
however, that they did not expect to see
many Regulars at this meeting.

“It willbe a big meeting of the Union Re-
publican leaders throughout the State,”
they said, “and we expect to have every
district represented, from Brandywine to
Baltirnore. Propositions will be submitted
and every man will have an opportunity
to apeak Upon them and to advise ue whether
they should be modified, made more liberal,
made more sweeping, or thrown away
altogether, before they are presented to
the eo-called Regular Republican organiza-
tion to consider at a similar meeting in their
ranks. However, we would like to meet
every party worker who votes a Republican
ticket and see what he has to say.”

THE BRIDE DIDN'T COME.

Messengers Found That She Had Taken
a Train Out of Town.
Passaic, Oct. 24.--The marriage of Miss
Maggie Wiley to Fred Breen, both of
this city, which was to have taken place at
St. Nicholas Church this afternoon, was

Gov. Toole has announced that he will | postponed indefinitely because the bride

give the petition respectful consideration,

did not appear. A church full of people

as it represents the sentiment of thousands \ had gatherwt to witness the ceremony.

of miners. The subject affects
thousands of others in the State, and the
petition and resolutiors are expecied to
have considerable weight.

The following, directed to the Supreme
Court, asking for a speedy hearing of the
controveray was also adopted by the union;

* Resolved, By the Butte Miners’ Union,
No. 1, Western Federation of Miners, that
it urges and prays the Supreme Court of the
State of Montana to exercise its authorita-
tive legal function to the end of expediting
n settlement of this litigation, in accord
with adequate justice, and remove tu an
atmosphere that is free from the exercise of
such influence as comes from bias, preju-
dice and partisanship.

“Be it further resolved that the Butte
Miners’ Union declares itself in ‘favor of
the fair representation of facts respecting
merit or demerit’ in matters of equity, and
hopes that when a final accounting will be
rendered, by whatever court of equity or
justice such rendering is done, that ita ver-
dict may be free from taint and establish
confidence in the integrity of our courts
and bring peace and quietude and comfort
to the wage earners of the State.”

The feeling in Butte to-night is intense,
but there is no indication of disorder or
violence.

SAVED HORSE WITH FISH LINF.

Bridge Tender Gibbons Found It Swimining
in Newark Bay.

With a stout fish line William Gibbons, a
bridge tender for the Central Railroad of
New Jersey, rescued a horse from Newark
Bay yesterday morning. The horse was
one of a jot inacar attached to a freight
train bound for south Jersey. The train
was crodaing the draw between Bergen
Point and Elizabethport when the animals
kicked out or pushed out one of the car
doors. Several of the horses jumped or
te}] from the oar into the bay and all except
one were drowned. That one managfd
io balance itaelf on a narrow platform
running on the outside of the tracks and
used in the construction of the new draw,

Gibbons oame along an hour later mud
446 he saw the horse standing on the plat-
form he rubbed his eyes to make sure he
was not dreaming. Then he cautionsly
approached the Soran with his hand
stretched out and coaxing it with pet horn
names. He was within a dozen feet of the
animal when it became alarmed and mira
Into the bay. Gibbons saw it wae Loo gour
@ horace to be permitted to drown, #0 he
sulnmoned assistance apd poring 4a row
boat went in search of the @oimal
t

 

found it ewimming some distance fron
draw. Gibbons could find no rope,
© he lassoed the horse with a fidn Ine
which he found in the bottom of the boat

and gently drew it to the shore. Tt was
found to be uninjured and taken (o # livery
etable

 

CNDOKVY ® “NEMMARK Mprclacies
ma tye laases, ground tn one PAP ieee of ges
av camah Ww loonen and blur or become deiaehed
404 Jost avoiding the dlacomfort 40 weal knows
afallonemn Theo Mu dort Optietan (ai Kroad,
wer Ade

a

 

many | The Rey. Father Kernan waa in the sanctuary

and the bridegroom and his best man were
at the altar waiting for the bride and her
atteucants.

An hour passed and still there was no
sign of the bride. Finally @ messenger
was despatched to her house, where he
learned that she had taken a train out of
town. The gu s 6 were dismissed and the
bridegroom returned to his boarding house
in tears. No trace of Miss Wiley has been
found.

DEVERY SAYS TOO MANY STRIKES.

 

 

 

Take More Money Home, His Advice,
After Playing Checkers With Labor,

Big Bill Devery made a speech last night
at Christopher and Bleecker streets, carry-
ing his fight into Bernard Martin's district.
He paid his respects in his usual red fire
style to McCiellan, Grout and Murphy.

He said:

George B. McClellan is a college bred min,
but he couldn't come down here and talk
to you without u book under his arm. 1
don't need to carry no folio with me, J can
talk a whole encyclopwdia out of my head,

Mr. Murphy saye that I collected money from
houses of dil fame wud split it with Mr, Odell
inthe Fifth Avenue Hotel, defy Mr. Murphy
to point his tingeratrie. That's a challenge.
{ want the press of New York to tuke this
atutement to Mr. Murphy. | say that he is
the owner of 4 holige Of assignation at Lex-
ington avenne and Twenty-sixth street, and
that he owns the chop suey jot in Twenty-
eighty street where that inans head was
ehopped off

You could steal @ hain out of that grocery
store and tuke it over to him and he'd cop ir,
IT know what he ia I had to gave my neck
from that gang when I was @ police officer.

Mr. Grout is a crossruder He deserted
the Republicans, took a hurdle and went into
‘Tammany

Now jugule these things in your head,

Don't vote for strikes. I've played checkera
with the lubor question for a year, and T say
that you don’t want strikes all the time,
Take mone money home, have more in your
pocket, and make both ends and the middle
Iaeel

AUTO DRIVER LEFT WOMAN

Who Had Been Thrown From Cart Because
His Machine Frightened Her Horse,
With Piains, No Y., Oct. 24. -Mre
George M. Leventritt, wife of the head of
the Jaw firm of Leventritt & Brennan of 320
Broadway, Manhattan, ie in the White
Plains Hospital ce a result of an automobile

runaway = Her injuries are not mortal

The Leventritte city home is at 60 Wert
few onty-wix'h otreel, but they are now living
at thei country seat in Kenaico Mis
Leventritt went t ra short drive to-day ina
high ear, unaccompanied, Near Kensico
Lake an automobile, the ayes and driver
of which are unknown, Munded a curve
within a few yards of her. The noise of the
machine and jis sudden appearance scared
Mrs Leventritt’s horse, causin him to shy,
upset the cart and throw ady out,
fhe struck ov a pile of stones, but did not
lose her senses. The automabile vanished to
a cloud of dus!

A farmer, Jolin Brown, took Mra. Leven:
tritt Co the White Plains Hospital

Throwgh Car to 4 ALAVORNIA

Noy itth, and Bee ‘i6th Full parienlars Zz
Raymond & Vbiteomb (a, 6 Fnlen Sanar ide

 

 

     
 

EW YO

[BLAIR ACCUSED OF FORGERY,
tome: aR a aie

 

 

 

Former General Counsel of the St. Louls
World’s Fair Attacked by a Former
Clerk, Who Discloses Alleged Office
Secrets—Says He Swindled by Forged
Deeds and Made a_i Confession.

Sr. Lovrs, Oct. 24.—James
Blair, former general counsel of the world’s
fair, is charged by James L. Roberts, an
attorney and former stenographer in Blair's
office, with having embezzled some $400,000
from Dick Bros. & Co. of New York
and Philadelphia, and with having diverted
to his own use some $63,000 belonging to
the Blow estate. Roberts told his story
to the Grand Jury yesterday and to-day
for the first time it was published.
cording to Roberts, Blair has been leading
a dual life for a decade or more.

Roberts's accusations against the man
who had befriended him are astcunding.
His knowledge of the facts, he says, was
obtained through long business intercourse
with Blair, He entered Blair's office
as a general clerk, remaining there for nine
months. Roberts says that he discovered
discrepancies in Blair’s accounts, which
led him to make an investigation, which
discloeed a series of forgeries and the dis-
sipation of funds entrusted to the keeping
of the accused lawyer.

Roberts is authority for the statement
that Blair, by means of forged deeds of
trust, secured enormous loans from Dick
Bros. & Co., the bankers, to whom he was
related, and whose agent he was at St.
Louis. He charges that Blair secured
loans in the names of fictitious persons,
and that, in order to protect himself and
make his deception complete, he had to
sufround them with a subtle scheme of
forgeries.

Roberts says that in this manner Blair
succeeded in securing bonds in the:sum of
$340,000 from Dick Bros., which they be-
lieved were inade out on Lona fide deeds
of trust on St. Louis property.

 

Lawrence |

|
|

Ac- |

 

 

 

Asa matter |

of fact, the deeds of trust and the notes ac- |

| cornpanying them were fraudulent.

Roberts says that when he got possession
of all the facts, details and proofs he laid
them before Evans kh. Dick, a
Mr. Blair, and George S. Graham, his at-
torney, in Philadelphia, and that they came
with him to St. Louis in January, 1902, and
made an investigation.

When Blair was confronted in his office
by Dick and Graham, and accused of the
forgeries and misappropriation of funds,
it is said he made a full and complete con-
fession and promised to repay every cent
he owed. This promise carried with it
another to modify his method of living and
to use every dollar he earned, over a cer-
tain amount for expenses, in repaying
what he owed to his relatives.

Roberts says that when Blair became
aware that he had the proofs of his guilt,
Blair threatened to do him great bodily
harm.

“When Blair began to realize how much
I knew about the affair,” says Roberts,
“he turned to me with a look of intense
hatred in his eyes and said: ‘Roberts, |
ought to kill you.” I told him that I did
not think that a man of his moral character
would hesitate to add the crime of murder
to the crime of forgery.

“f told him the papers relating to his
guilt were in a safe deposit vault, with a
full statement of the cause, end that any
successful attempt on my iife would re-
sult in his having to face the charge of
both murder and forgery.

‘I might add in this connection that the
next morning Mr. Blair did bring dewn
his revolver, and was seen toslip it intoa
handy drawer, undoubtedly intending to
use it on me if the opportunity presented
ftseif.”’

It was due to the great confidence which
Blair's relatives placed in him, Roberts
says, that Le was able to continue his career
of crime for so many vears without detec-
tion. The forged deeds of trust, always
made out in the name of some fictitious
owner on property which really did exist,
were never recorded,

The numbers purporting to show the
book and age in which they were recorded
are alleged to have been false.

One specific case is mentioned in which
Mr. Blair negotiated a loan for $17,865 in
the name of Jonathan Gould on the prop-
erty of the Gould Directory Company on
Locust street, between Eighth and Ninth
streets.

The name of Jonathan Gould was ficti-
tious. No such person existed, and when
Blair got the money, Roberts says, }:
converted it to his own use,

This deed of trust bore the acknowledg-
ment of Walter C. Jenkins, notary public,
It develops that there was no such notary
as Walter (. Jenkins, and that the notarial
seal was bogus.

ft is seid that when Blair mede epplicetion
for the loans in the name of some fictitious
per:on on specific pieces of property
would afterward change the abstract of
title to make it conform to the application.
The deed of trust would then be forged
and likewise the principal and interest
notes.

'
ae

the deed would be forged and finally the
certificate of the Recorder of Deeds showing
that the deed was recorded in a eertain
book on a certain page

Joberts says that he began to discover
the alleged crookedness

proof of BOON

i

hetrween Judge Sedden and Blair he sis-
covered a bundle of papers whieh furnished
him eot elusive evidence of the work

THE DIXIE HURRIED 10) SBA,

 

Bellet That She Is Headed for Culebra
Has 400 Marines on Moard.

PutapeLpuia, Oct. 24° The auxiliary
eruimer Dixie left League Island this after-
noon under eealed orders, The Dixie has
on board 400 marines under (he Command of
Major Jolin A. Lajeune. The Dixie only
reached the Breakwater yesterday morning
and arrived at League Island shortly before
lov

Orders from the Navy Department, at
Wishington, were awaiting Capt Fou
Delano (o have the veasel made ready
to said at onee under sealed orders. The
chiel engineer of the ship declared that it
would take at least three days fo put the
hollers and engines in proper condition to
wail. Uhis fact was forwarded to Waeh-
ington, bul word came back to go ahead
regaidiess of conditions

Tt is believed that the Dixie will go to
Culebra, Cuba, land the marines and hold
{itself ready for emergency calle

| Or en ee
"Dewey's Wines Are Pure”
| Huy of the makete We are the makers.”
HOT lewey & sone Co IM Pullon St NY Ade

‘Then the notary’s certificate attesting |

cousin of |

 

| his

| tifled by his sister,

| favit

 

 

WIVES COMPLAIN

Husbands Devoted te the Game Grow
Neglectful of Their Families.
Special Cable Despatch to Tax SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—Judging from the num-
ber of complaints and confessions made by
wives which appear every week in the
Scotaman, golfers must be ranked among
the most neglectful of husbands. Golf,
we are told, has paralyzed the enterprise
and energy of many breadwinners. Every
moment which at one time was given by
the golfer to the companionship of his wife
and family is spent on the links. His con-
versation is confined to mere clubroom
gossip. He has no interest in any litera-
ture save that in the golfing papers and
magazines.

The neglected wives complain bitterly
that they have sunk to the level of mere
housekeepers since their husbands have be-
come golf maniacs.

RAPID FIRE GUN EXPLODES.

Two Negroes Were Firing It, and One Was
Killed and the Other Sertously Hurt.

WaAsiiNGton, Oct. 24.— A 6-inch Maxim
rapid-fire gun, which was being tested at
the naval proving ground at Indian Head
to-day, exploded under a full charge,
killing Frank Penny and seriously wound-
ing Nelson Jackson, the two negro em-
ployees who were firing the gun.

Lieut. Arthur St. G. Smith, U. S. N., and
Acting Gunner McCue witnessed the firing
and explosion, and, although the Navy
Department has not yet obtained sufficient
information to warrant any action, there
will possibly be an investigation or courte
martial in the case.

The gun was being tested with full charge
projectiles, and after several shots one of
the cartridges janumed and the negroes
endeavored to force it into position by
closing the breech. Penny, who was
handling the breech grip, was blown several
feet from the gun and killed instantly.
Jackson was badly injured. He will prob-
ably recover, but the sight of one eye has
been completely destroyed

After the explosion the injured men were
several ours in obtaining medical aid.
The surgeon on duty at Indian Head was
away on sick leave and a tug had to go to
Fort Hunt to bring a doctor.

NEW BRIT{SH AMBASSADOR.

OF GOLF.

 

 

 

Sir Henry M. Durand to Succeed the Late
Ambassador Herbert.

WASHINGTON, Oct, 24.~In response to
an inquiry from the British Government,
the Secretary of State has said that the
President will be glad to receive the Right
Hon. Sir Henry Mortimer Durand, now
British Ambassador at Madrid, as Ambas-
sador of King Fdward to the United States,
to succeed the late Sir Michael H. Herbert.
Complying with custom, the British Foreign
Office asked the Stato Depart ment if Sir
Henry Durand’s appointment would be
satisfactory to the United States, and the
return of an affirmative answer means
that he will be sent to Washington.

Sir Henry Durand began the practice of
law in 1873, but went into the British Bengal
Civil Service the next year. In 1874 he en-
tered the Indian branch of the Foreign
Office, Most of his early official service
was in Indin, In 1804 he received his first
diplomaticappointment as Minister to Persia
and in 1900 was transferred to Madrid as
Arnbassador.

MOB

A COUNTY
Heirs of ©. W. Mitchell, Lynched

Urbana, Ohlo, In 1803, Get That Sum,

CurcaGco, Oct. 24.—The proceeds of the
first verdict under the new Ohio law making
a county liable for damages to the estate
of a person who is killed by a mob within
the county have been distributed to heirs in
Cook county.

The beneficiaries are Mrs. Lillian Brown
and Mrs. Daisy Paine, of this city, sisters
of Charles W. Mitchell, who was lynched at
Urbana, Champaign county, Ohio, on June
4, 1897. Each secures one-fourth of the
damages of $5,000. The remainder is
given to two Ohio heirs by tho courts of
that State.

Attorney Bosler, who was instrumental
in securing the passage of the law, began
suit in the lower courte in Ohio and was
defeated. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Gourt, and a retrial resulted in a
verdict for the plaintiffs,

CAR RUNS DOWN AN OLD MAN,

Edward H. Price, 72, Gets a Fractured
Skull and Js Likely to Die,

An old man who was afterwards identi-
fied os Feward H. Price, a bookkeeper
ef 135 Hamilton place, was run down by
an Amsterdam avenue car at Seventy-
seventh street and Amsterdam avenue
last night, He received a fracture of the
skull and was taken to Roosevelt Hospital,
It was thought he would die, He was iden-
who said he was 72

COSTS $5,000.

 

 

years old,

Witnesses of the aecident said that the
was clearly that of the motorman,
who should have stopped at the corner, that
being a street on which there is a fire en-
gine house, The motorman was arrested

WRESTLER MULDOON'S GIFT.

 

His Home to Bishep Colton, (o Be Used
as Academy and Convent.

William Muldoon yesterday transferred

home at Belfast, Allegany county,

‘to Bishop Charles H,. Colton of Buffalo,

after he entered Blair's office, and that ;
shortly after the partnership was formed |

|

|

The only condition attached to the gift is |
that it be used for a convent, charitable or
educational institution

The former home of the onee famour
wrestler will remain in its present con
dition during this year Other buildings
will probably be erected early next year
and the entire property will be turned
over to the Sisters Charity for
acedemy and convent

of an

  

New Steamship Service to Mexico,

Mexico City, Oot. 24- The Mexican-
American Steamship Company has obtained
a from the Mexican Govern.
ment to establish a service between the
Gulf ports of Vera Cruz and Tampico and
New Orleans aid also a direct line between
New York and Coatgacoaleos to facilitate
trattic over the Tehuantepee National Rail. |
wa The company is also guthorized to
make arrangements with steamehip 7

COnCeBBION

already established, or which may here-
after be established on the Pacific, In order
to facilitate traffic neroas the lathinus

Miss Mooorvelt in Chicsga,
Cyicado, Oct. 24 Mine Hoomevelt, chief
among the visitors invited to aitend the
Horse Show, whieh opens in the Colisuem
on Monday, baa arrived in the city, She
fo the guest of Mra. Preston ibeon The
show (his year will be in all respects the

yeateet ever held in Cliea@o Bntrbes
rom allover the country have heen made,

 

/

 

 

 

 

 

LOU DILLON TROTS IN 4:58 1-2.

CLIPS ONE SECOND AND A QUAR-
TER FROM THE WORLD'S RECORD.

 

 

Two Runners Provide Pace for the Trotting
Queen in Her Greatest Effort—Wire
Netting ‘Guard Substituted for Can.
vas Wind Shield—Weather Unfavorable.

Memruis, Tenn., Oct. 24.--Lou Dillon,
queen of trotters, safeguarded her throne of
supremacy by a wonderful performance at
the Memphis Driving Park this afternoon.
Paced by two runners, the celebrated little
mare stepped a mile without a break in 1:584,
establishing a new world’s record for
trotting horses, which will probably stand for
several seasons unless Lou Dillon herself
again works against it.

The weather conditions were all against
a successful speed trial. A high wind,
which had prevailed throughout the day,
steadfastly refused to lull, and the cold
was keen and penetrating. Lou Dillon’s
start against time was reserved for the
last event of the card, in the hope that the
wind would abate. As expected, the wind
quieted some toward 5 o'clock, but the
lull was only a trifle, and the crowd in at-
tendance perceived that the mare would
be compelled to battle bravely against
the unruly element to reduce her mark
of two minutes flat.

Lou Dillon was hitched to a light white
sulky. It weighedétwenty-four pounds and
one ounce, and was the same used in her
two-minute record at Readville. To the
sulky drawn by the front runner a wire
dirt guard was used instead of canvas.
A runner hugged the rail directly in front
of Lou Dillon, and another kept at her side,
their positions never changing. The first
quarter was passed like a flash, and the
crowd waited breathlessly for the marking
of the time. A boy in the timers’ stand
hung out 0:30, and a mighty cheer went up.

At the half pole the mare was timed in
0:59';, and another cheer went up from the
assembled throng of enthusiasts. The
mare passed the three-quarters in 1:28}4,
and it was then seen that the world’s trotting
record hung by a silken thread.

As Lou Dillon turned into the stretch
and raced for the wire with her mighty
distance-devouring stride the crowd broke
loose from all restraint and wildly urged
the mare on to victory. Millard Sanders
had unlimbered his whip, and to the wild
shouts of the drivers of the runners and the
mighty burst of cheering from thespecta-
tors thesplendid daughter of Sidney Dillon
shot under the wire a winner, The immense
assemblage was wild with excitement.
Lou Dillon was cheered to the echo, and
Millard Sanders, her developer and driver,
and (. K.G. Billings, her owner, each came
in for hearty ovations. The little mare
received the heartiest homage that has
ever been given an equine.

Millard Sanders said after the race:
“Despite the adverse weather conditions
I knew that Lou Dillon would lower the
world's trotting record to-day. AsIhaveall
along maintained, Lou Dillon is the fastest
horse in harness, and Iam firmly convinced
that she can beat Dan Patch or any pacer
ever foaled. What she would have shown
to-day had the weather conditions been
favorable to the trial I will not attempt to
say, I expect even greater things of har
next season. She is the most wonderful
horse the world has ever known.”

To beat the world’s trotting record, 1:59%j, held
by Cresceus:
Lou Dillon, br, m. by Sidney Dillon—Lou Medium,
by Milton Medium (Millard Sanders)...........+
ITE TIas eeu sms Reni
Time by quarters 4:9, 0:50'4, 1:58 4, L:G8ly.

HURT.

 

JAMES COOLEY

The Polo Player Thrown In a Flat Race at
Rye—An Exciting Runaway.

Rye, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Many persons who
attended the steeplechase of the West-
chester Hunt Club held at Highland Farm,
the country residence of Hobart J. Park
at Rye on the Sound, saw Jimmie Cooley,
the well known polo player of Westchester,
in jured in a fall in an exciting maiden race
for polo ponies this afternoon, Cooley
was riding the chestnut mare May, which
got off ahead of a field of four in a flat race
across the meadow, when the mare mired
her foreleg and stumbled. Mr. Cooley
was thrown and the field went over him
and his horse. A cry went up that he had
been killed and there was a rush to the
course,

The fallen man was found to be bleeding
from a wound in his head. He was re-
stored with some brandy and carried to
the dressing tent. As soon as he opened
his eyes, his first question was “Where is
my horse? Was she hurt?” Physicians
found that Mr. Cooley was severely but
not. dangerously hurt,

During the first race a horse attached
to a light wagon took fright and dashed
through the crowd of automobiles and
tallyhos and tore down the hill, barely
grazing a half dozen vehicles that were
coming up from the gate. The women
in the carriages screamed and the coach-
men pulled out and Jet the runaway go
past, At the foot of the hill the runaway
jumped over a four foot stone wall and

nocked down another* fence across the
road. The wagon was wrecked and the
horse will have to be shot. No one was
hurt.

 

 

PARKS OFFERS NEW BAIL,

 

But Jerome Won't Take Ex-Police Captain
Moynihan as Surety.

District Attorney Jerome refused yester-
day to accept ex-Police Captain Daniel C.
Moynihan as surety for Sam Parks. Parks
is still in the Pombs

“To-day,” said Mr. Jerome, *f do not
question that Moynihan is financially good
for (he amount of Parka's bail, but I have
no assurance that he will be good on Mon-
day morving, when Parks's case ja called
for trial, In taking bail the irae of the
law is to consider two things, the appear-
ance of the accused in court and the obliga-
tion assumed by the person giving the bond,
There is nothing to prevent a man from
transferring his propert y for $1, for instance
Under the recent decision in the case of
Jesse Lewisohn there is no remedy for the
District Attorney by finding out under
what circumstances the transter might be
made, becatse the witness could refuse to
testify on the ground that his answer might
{ncriminate him.”

Cattle Company Buys 360,000 Acres of
Merloo Land

Santa Babwata, Cal, Oot 24. Charles
Fernald, pot-in-law of Joules FO Bwift,
the millionaire meat packer of Chicago,
js one of the incorporators of @ clowe oor-
poration known as the Santa Barbara Cattle
Company with & capital stock of $100,000
About $60,000 acres of grazing Jand in
Mexico, adjoining the Territory of Arizona,
have Leen leaned, and stocked, The ecor-
joration, which has been formed under
he jawe of Arizona, is composed of 1. F
Rwift of Chicago, and Fo Cameron Hogers,
A. Ho Mekay ond ©) Fernald, @ll of Bangs
Barbara

 

 

a
—

Sonpay, OcroBER 25, 1908.
Rain to-day and probably to-morrow;

———e

THIRTY-FOUR PAGES.

      
   

 

VERSES BY THE CZAR.

“My Pleasures Have Dissolved in Flight,”
“My Seul Strives Blindly for Relief.”
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
Lonpon, Oct. 24.—A number of verses

have been printed in a Russian periodical

over the signature of Olaf. It is asserted

and generally believed that they were

written by the Czar. They are said to be

expressed exquisitely in poetical language

in the original, of which the following is a

translation of the second and third stanzas:

My bapptiness was born at olght and succored In
the gloom,

My pleasures have dissolved in filght, heart-siricken
at my doom.

My soulstrives blindly for relief, chilled as by drift-
Ing snow,

By doubts which scoff at the belief of finding peace
below.

DIED IN HIS WINE BATA.

Italian’s Sister, Who Tried to Rescue Him,
Also Killed by the Fumes,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Stn.

LONDON, Oct. 24.—The strange death of
Charrere, a winegrower of Aosta, may
interest the drinkers of Italian wines.
Each season while the new wine was warm
from fermentation Charrere was accus-
tomed to takea bath in the frothing juice,
with the object of securing a year of pros-
perity for himself and family.

This year he entered his cellar as usual.
His sister followed him some time later
and in a search found him unconscious
in the wine. In an endeavor to rescue
him she was also overcome by the fumes
and both died before assistance could be
summoned.

MARCONI GETS NOBEL PRIZE.
Ibsen, Bjornson and Finsen Also in the
List of Awards.

Special Cable Despetch to THE Sun.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 24.—The Academy of
Sciences has decided to award the Nobel
prizes this year as follows: Literature,
Henrik Ibsen and Bjornstjerne Bjornson;
physics, Signor Marconi, and medicine, Dr.

Fingen.

 

 

 

 

GIVES $1,000,000 TO: EDUCATION.

Miss Mary P. Ropes Leaves Her Estate
Largely to Various Institutions.
SaLeM, Mass., Oct. 24.--The will of Misa
Mary P. Ropes, filed for probate to-day,
contains several large bequests to edu-
cational and religious instituLions in the

 

'
{

|
|

United States, amounting to nearly $1,000,- |

000. Miss Ropes wes born in Covington,

Ky. ,Her father was Nut haniel Ropes,
who for several vears wes engaged in the
paint and oil trade in Cincinnatiand amassed
a large fortune.

As the bequests consist of specified bloeks

}
{
{
!

high north winds.

 

 

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

 

~|TUNNEL CAVE-IN CAUGHT MANY

 

25 MAY BE KILLED, ACCORDING
TO TWO WHO ESCAPED.

 

A Blast Near the 19&8th Street Ghat
Brings Down the Rock—Fire Truck
and Six Ambulances: Called as Seon
as the Police Heard of the Accident.

At least twenty-five men, it is believed,
were caught in a cave-in in the Rapid Transit
tunnel at 195th street and Broadway last
night. The cave-in was caused by a blast,
and occurred in a section of the tunnel
where the depth is nearly 200 feet.

Two men who escaped were slightly
hurt. They said that twenty-five of their
companions had been killed or badiy hurt.
They made for the nearest telephone at
210th street and notified the police. Police-
men who telephoned for ambulances vari-
ously estimated that there were between
25 and 50 men caught in the tunnel and
they didn’t know what had happened to
them. The men are Italians and negroes.

Six ambulances were called from the J.
Hood Wr ight, Fordham, Harlem and Leb-
anon hospitals. A fire truck was sent to
help in the work of rescue.

The tunnel comes out of the rocken the
level at 198th street, and at 195th etreet,
where the cave-in occurred, there is a shaft.

The men who have been digging the tunnel
have been working in night and day shifts
because of the difficulty in tunnelling
the rock, There is an unusually eteep cllff
where the blast was set off last night. John
B. McDonald is the contractor , having taken
the sub-contract off Contractor; MeCabe's
handa.

 

BOLV THE REPU BLICAN TICKET.

Prominent Utah Republicans Go Over to
the Democrats.

Sat LAKE C1ry, Oct. 24.—National Com-
mitteeman ©. J, Salisbury, Collector
cf Internal Revenue Collister, President
of the State Senate Allison and former
Congressman Sutherland, have bolted the
Republican ticket and gone over to the
support of the Democratic ticket, which
was put in the field by the Mormon Church.

There is general indignation at the deser-
tion of these officials when a bitter fight
was on between Gentiles and the Mormon
Church which, led by Senator Reed Smoot
is attempting to elect. tha Mormon Demo-
cratic ticket. The indications to-night
point to the election of the Republican
ticket.

 

 

of stocks and bonds, the exact amount | WANTED FOR A RIOT MURDER.

bequeathed to the beneficiaries is not known.
Among the latter are several institutions in
New York city. Harvard University yets
a bequest to endow a Nathaniel Ropes
chair of political economy. The ‘Tuskegee
Institution, the Carlisle Indian school,
Berea College and institutions in Cincinnati,
Urbana and Washington are remembered.

STEAM ROLLER RUNS AWAY.

Races Sixty Miles an Hour and Smashes
a Big Oak Tree.

Sourn OrancF, N.J., Oct. 24.—A_ big

 

the pavement on Montrose avenue ran
away yesterday afternoon down the Moun-
tainside Hill and nearly went through the
handsome house of Max Butler at 81 Mont-
rose avenue, The driver of the machine,
Jesse Hughes, saved himself by leaping
from the machine.

The machine got out of order as if was
going up hill, and the first thing Hughes
knew it was beyond his control and was
plunging down the hill at a rate of about
sixty miles an hour. Near Mr. Butler's
house the steering gear slewed around, and
the big machine crashed into an oak tree,
The tree was so badly damaged that it will
have to be cut down.

“BREAKERS AHEAD

So the General Secretary of the Wood-
workers’ Union Writes to the Members,

more

FOR Us

 

Cuicaao, Oct. 24.--“There are breakers
ahead for the trades union movement. We
should play the foolish part of the ostrich
were we to close our eyes against the many
signs looming up here and there and
everywhere which confirm the threatening
danger.”

This note of warning was sent out last
night to 40,000 woodworkers in the United
States by Thomas I. Kidd, their general
secretary, who is also vice-president of the
American Federation of Labor
NICARAGUA WANTS A WARSHIP.

Looking Here for a Vessel That Can Be
Made Into a Crulser.
It was learned yesterday that the Govern-
ment of Niceragua is looking about in this
port for a steamship which can be con-
verted into a cruiser
Recent reports fromm South America
have been that Niearagua end Guatemala
might before long make war on the
neighboring republics of Honduras and
Selvador. Another rumor is that Presi-
den Zelaya of Nicaragua fears a revolu-
tion and wants to be prepared
At present the only protection the Govern -
ment has on sea is on the Pueifle side at
Corinto, On the other coast there is little
to prevent the iray ortetion of arms

CHAIR LET MADAME DOWN,

sues Weber & Hileldis- They say
Wasn't the Chair's Mault,

Weber & Pields
action brought by
recover $1,040 fo.
shesustained by the collapee of an orchestra
chair in whieh she was sitting on Aug. 2¢
lant in the Weast bod Theatre She save
she damaged her dress $40, abd herself $1000
Through their counrel, kb. Mo Friend, Welwes
& Fields, a4 lesseern of Che theatre, deny
her allegations and ret up (hati Mine Dute
did fall it wax not because her chair col
lapsed

she i"

are defendants
Muryguerite

moan
Dutel ta

damages which she saye

KILLED Wis WIFE'S BOTHER

Latter Taterfered to pave His Sister from
a beating

buiZaBerd, Nod, Oot 24
cas, a native of Sicily, Wussho! andinelently
killed in the home of his eleter in Chie city
this afternoon, by bie brother-in-law, Very
Cosolin. Cosolin went to tie police
and surrendered biniertf

Cosolin, It appears, wae abet
wife, when her brother entered aid
fered ‘This nfurat e hoewhe
drew @ pistol and tired

Joseph Soles

stuliog

BANOMIN Jad WOON Fecently pronounced be
fore the eri Medical soelety a he n
for econaumpie Luerleon deo op “a
ny the dlavoveper tha ohielder ‘ wh, vu
lane wr

|

 

 

Labor Leader of New Orleans Charged
With Killing a Man in Waco, Tex.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 24.—A warrant has

been issued in Waco, Tex., for the arrest

of Ben Commors of New Orleans for the
murder of Harry Hays, the non-unidn con-
ductor killed by strikers the other day
while operating a car, Commons is presi-
dent of the New Orleans union of street,

} car employees and vice-president of the

| national association.

In the last capacity he was summoned
to Waco to direct the street car strike there.

steam roller which was being used to repair | yfe returned to New Orleans soon after

the killing of Hays and denies all complicity
n the crime, saying that he was not present

j at the time.

 

ALASKAN AWARD KNOWN AT SEA.

Made C. P. Anderson of Counsel for Our
Commissioners Very Happy.

Aboard the American liner New York, in
last evening from Southampton and Cher-
bourg, were C, P, Anderson of counsel for
the American commissioners before tha
Alaskan Boundary Tribunal, Elsie De Wolfe
actress; Herman Stump, Haddon Cham-
bers, the playwright; Katherine Kennedy,
actress; Miss Marbury and these mem.
bers of Patti’s coneert company; Signor
R. Sapio, conductor; Vera Margolies, pianist;
Wilfred Virgo, tenor; Dr. A. Morini private
secretary; Kathleen Howard, contralto.

Mr. Anderson said: p

“When we received by wireless at sea
the news that the boundary tribunal had
decided in favor of America there was no-
body aboard ship happier than I, although
I was not surprised, The original signers
of the treaty of 1825 had not read Van-
couver's narrative of his exploration. in
Alaskan waters, by which his journey has
been traced. The American counsel's ex-
yosition' of this is what carried our case.
f believe that all other questions between
Canada and the United States will be ad-
justed by arbitration. I was surprised at
the little interest in the affair manifested
by the English people and the English
papers.”

aa eeateiaaeneeeneener ED

VAINTS WHEN SENTENCED.

 

Mrs. Angell Must Serve at Least a Year
in Auburn.

Mrs. Ella Angell, who was convicted of
grand Jarceny in having appropriated
$320 and some personal effects belonging
to Mrs. Lillian Angell, the 72» of her hus-
band's cousin, was sentenced > “terday
by Judge Harrison S. Moore, in Long Islard
City, to not less than one year and not
more than one year and six months in
Auburn Prison, She was accompanied to
court by her husband, her two pretty
daughters and a number of friends, in-
cluding several women

When Mes. Angell heard the sentence
pronounced she fainted and there wares
commotion in eourt home of her
friends pleaded with the Judge to show
clemency. Judge Moore was much moved
but remained firm. Mrs. Angell revived
and was removed from the court room
by the Sheriff and deputies. Bhe will
wobably be taken to Auburn on Monday
She was highly respected in the place
where she dived, and much sympathy is
felt for her

SHOT TWO POLICEMEN,

 

Citizen of Ogden, Utah, Thought the Por
Heemen Were Foot pads and Vired at Them,
Lak City, Ol. 24--). K. Shaeke!!
vod mortally wounded Special Poljer
Nipes aod seriously wounded

BALI
alot

man Jolin 3

niyo Clark, epother special polieemar
eurly (lis morning in Ogden, Shaekeit
hough! the two men were footpads Hie
nay Snipes end Clark watehing him from a

‘lark part of Mein street, and when they ay
provched data he drew bis plato) and bega)
Lib tig

jhe shooting is (he Ciimas of @ reign of
ferro ib Opder Migders and holdeuj«
were ot nightly occurrence, and twenty ext

 

policemen were appointed to restore ord:
Phackell’s viene had dark lanterts a
oller parte of a sleuth’s outhit in operat
Wie ot
the Phorehwi, Washington, DO,

mertear aed ropea pia best joa
le at tne Mas day it Uae bee
hotria! 5 a