|

acted “ “

ne

 

 

greece a
Se nnlare eon

}
'
}

 
  

|
i
i

_- Mr. Hinriche went on:

 

GREAT CROWD 10 HRAR LOW,

MAYOR ANSWERS M°CLINLLAN ON
THE SCHOOL QUESTION.

 

 

Big Mass Meeting of the Repub Biean Club
—Fasion Candidates All Ti\ere—flin-

riehs Gives Some Figures on the Way
of ie Ola Neck Department.

At the bidding of the Republican Club
of the city of New York enough nien and
women who support the fusion ticket gath-
ered in Grand Central Palace laat nil to
pack the big barnlike structure full, gal-
leries and all.

Although the. ¢rowd was probably the
largest that, has. attended. a political meet-
ing in Manhattan «ince the campaign
opened, thé police arrangements were 60
perfect that: there was no confusion, and
those holding tickets for special seats had
no difficulty if getting their places. The
man responsible for the police arrange-
menta was Inspector McLaughlin, Demo-
crat. vhe i!

The worken, who composed about one-
third of the audience, were handsoinely
gowned, and many of the men were in

evening clothes

Louis Stern, president of the Republican
Club, presided, and the speakers were:
Mayor Low, Frederic W. Hinrichs, Cyrus L.
Sulzberger, Job Hedges, Ralph Trautmann
and Edward J. McGuire. Pratt A. Brown
called the meeting to order and read this
letter from’ [Distriét Attorney Jerome,
which was received with tremendous ap-

plause: ;

I regret extremely that I will not be able
to =eeP my engagetnent to address the meet-
ing of the Republican Club this evening.
Physical indisposition which I cannot con-
trol renders it impossible for me to keep m
engagement. 1 know that you will not nee
my setae Sh you Row pay wae

inted s behadd ‘tp a me, in
the Madi w Bit tm Sthivh 7 am #0 keenl
and passionately interested, ia pretty hard.
However, L,bope tobe in. shape next week
to into-the catapatgn again.

The present conditions certainly give
promise of success to our cause on élection
day {epplause), and while you and I differ
redioa ly in politics and have to battle it out
in the years in which the issnes are political,
it is @ great pleasure to every honest Demo-
crat to stand shoulder to shoulder with every
honest Republican in these years when the
fight at the polla means nothing but a fight
to save our city from infinite degradation
and shame. Please convey my regrets to
the gentlemen of your committee and assure
them that nothing buttndlsposition which I
cannot control will prevent my being with
you to-night. Very‘sincerely yours,
WILLIAM TRAVERS JENOME.

Mr. Brown introduced Mr: Stern, who
said that, Judgitie by the registration this
year, of being an cff year it is very
much of an on year—on for Mayor Low.
Mr. Stern closed with an appeal to all citi-
zens, Republicans and Democrats, to vote
and see that their votes are recorded. Then
he i +3 Hinriehs, who had to
stand and just smile at the audience, whiile
men and women cheered and applauded.
When he got a chance the speaker said:

We ought to win this ight, because we are
right, and we shall win, if we remain true
to ourselves, our city and our homes, This
is a great fight and the eyes of the good citi-
zens of every ot im the land are upon this
contest for clean municipal government.

My friends, nobody mn succersfully chal-
lenge my Democracy, but I tell you that there
have been times when real Democrats have
had to blush Jor the acts done in the naine
of DemoQaiy.s aa reat ‘Republicans have
had to blush for the acts doné in the name
of Republicanism. Democracy! Tammany
Hall, whose weal or woe is in the beck and
nod of a political despot, is no more the Demo-
cracy of New York than that political maghing
in iladelphia is the, Republican party. of
Abraham [asteoln, of Ulysses 8. Grant and of
William McKinley.

The mention by Mr. Hinriche of McKin-
ley’s name: started a real demonstration.
A’ woman on the platform began it by
waving a handkercliief and, in a second or
two, every, MAD was up and cheering and
every woman was waving a handkerchief.

Se
a

We are arraigned by Tammany Hall for not
having sup the childrea of this city with
sufficient echool accommodations, The un-
awer to that in the -flrst instance ts that the |
charge is false. No child of @ years oid and |
upward who has applied for admission to
school has been denied a sitting place, They
say that 87,000 children stand in line petition-
ing for entrance inte the public schools. Lt
is not true.

When Tammany was thrown out and the
fusion administration came in, we did not
find sufficient undertakings for the erection
of new schools, but in the space of eight
or ten months, we were not uble to correct the
appalling condition that then prevailed in
regard to elementary ¢ducation. {

I shall now make reference to the Dock |
Department, beoause [6 was over the Dock |
Department that Mr. Murphy, who Is now
in absolute contro! of Tammany Hall, exer-
cised a vast amount of influence. He was
the treasurer of the dock poard. A great
many privileges went to a certain corpora-~ |
tion the controlling interest in which was ;
held by.Mr. Murphy’s brother. But what |
J am mainiy interested in is as to certain |
figures regarding one dock on the ae

ver.
On Dee. 21, 1901, the Fammany dock board
gave a fenae of thie dock for thirty Years
to the New York Contracting and Trucking |
Company of whieh Mr, John J. Murphy, the
brother of Charles ¥F., was the guiding spirit,
During the first ten years the company, which
was realiy.ohn J. Murphy, was to pay for
that doek $2,400, ner annum; during the second
ten veara $3.70 per annum, and during the
third Years $3,969 per annum.

Now We pat experte to work upon that
dock, beunuse we knew it was doing an enor-
mous wuainess, and the experts found that
for this dock privilege for which this com-
pany was paving $3,700 per annum the busi-
Hess Was, Worth. 875,000, :

T shatl-new proceed from the North River
to the East River and give you instance No, 2,
When we go over there we find en interesting

dock foot of ast Thirtieth street. |
They @ a license for that dock and they |
charged $750 per annum fer it. When we |
came ° power J mean the fusion admin-
istroti becanae T hold no office onder the |
|

fusion jadmj atration the fusioniata anid:
We wi renege this license and put it up to
the higbest

So thay put up the privtteges of this dump- |
ing bo at the foot of East |hirtieth street
to the Bighest bidder for a five verre’ lense,
and the vesy,.manu who had reevived the
lor STK “waa seittine to bid for the
and he did bid $5,126 4 year, and he
didn't @et at phen, beeaise another man bid
$6,700, apd got thie privilege.

Bal autmann, fusion candidate for |
Sheriff,” 8 |

idder.

lirense
privile

ke briefty and then Judge G. 1D
Alden was intrecd eed. He was right in
the middle ¢ is opeech when Mayor Low
came ig, «id the people did all sorta of
eheert and a nsé stunts. Some of
the thifigs that Judge Alden said were;

T wagt say to you that there are two
great

Snier

feats being waged within vor
Be heine conducted by John Ales - |
wie, the divine healer, and the other
ia being conducted by Charkea F, Murphy,
the Tammany hreler. One is being eon-
ducted. by an inspired prophet, and the other |
is inaplged mh, the hope of personal profit. |
(Laughter.| he ‘one soya that thie our
city of New York is the wickedest apot of

 

God's g¥eat earth, and the other ts trying to |
make that aim 04 [Applause.|

it John Ali xander Dow's} is moved with a |
deaire make this citv of ors the home of
honesty, of decency, of honor and of purity,
after tis has induced its inhabitants to give
their “ie to God, let hin perruade them
to fy ele votes to Low. [Applause] |
And I bot bhat in any sacrilevious
senae, art because We have been taught
from onr meyancy up that clegniiicns fs next
to godliness pplaus. My friends, if

the reelection of Mayor Low and the fusion

ticket means anything, i} means purity
honesty, soq, dacpncy thie greatest city
of the New Wor Applause J

1 want to take exception to masy things
which have been said My our own orator
during thie " paign ou have heard
sald thet the fusion mintetration has aa
thousa of lives-thousands of lives of
the Witte aang the poor ae
if Toromany Hell ie to retain ite Id mn
this elty ee death ef “y ttle ones
blessing sttor ay, for the eulldves on
the poor to be ald away in the ureve of Inno-
cence than he ug@he up to sold into
& life of shame which gontaminates the body
and damne aoul

The Mayor came next, and there waa a
other euthurat of enthusivan, When he
thoumlt he atood some chance of Lelng
Jeord We wetd

Ordig@rily, | do nor think It worth while
Od wad UO ug oo TOMY Lo the attacks
dopononts rhe athieks seem to
Oe mae leer tao, der the impremion
he clon’ Woe tae Hit when they attack
“ fe OCLM oe aole, ft think 1 tay be
orth il 0 ier for a bitthe what
the “e
Mir Metleilon base learned some things
int nove set | ‘ ; rh 1 ate (} he
(het 0 yng me longlter! Two vewre

 

ek eee ieee

‘was anythin

ago he dint know that there NM

amisa anywhere. Now he finds a heap
things ack ew. He said at first that there
were 87,000 children in the cty tor whom
there were no school accommodations. That
wasn't so an @ he learned his mistake, Then
he amended bimeelf and said that there were
89,000 childrey Who were getting only half
time in the sc.wols, because of jack of accom-
modations. '

That waen’t @o, either. The fact is that
89,000 children wre Teoniving instruction on
part time, not bale time. Under the Tam-
many educational system, after the schools
had been flied 1( 0 of 180 children of the over-
flow were inatrucwed for half a school day.
In the afternoon, 100 or 150 nore were taken
by the aame teacher, tired out with the work
of the morning, an: ar wero inatructed.

of the overflow as we
fon for threesquarters
fa day, and the teacher
who teaches them not worn out, because
she teaches them an@ nobody else.

When this administration came into power
we found that Tamm pry evidently had never
thought that the city would outgrow the
schools of fifty yem\a ago. Therefore we
had to have plane for new buildings drawn
eatimates made and contracts let. Had
there not been trouble in the building trades
many of the new buildings would be in use

now.
So you will aee that, inatead of not provid-
ing sufficient accommodations for the school

We take as mar
can, give then Inst
of a day, instead of

 

children, we had to ciwate them, because
Tammany, in all the years it had ruled the
city, could see no personal profit in building
new schoolhouses.

At the close of his ch the Mayor
hustled away to another ing.

WILL YOU BET 8101,000,000

That Rail Transportation Will Make No
Progress in Fifteen Years?

A man seeing the State Capitol building
at Albany for the first time recails that it
cost $26,000,000, a good share of which was
stolen by contractors and politicians. But
there is a solid pile of marble there, it serves
its purpose well and there is subetantial
value in it, when graft has been discounted.

For a larger canal it ia proposed to spend
$101,000,000. It will be done in fifteen
‘years’ time. Then the State will have a
ditch three feet deeper than the ditch of to-
day, which has already cost us $323 000,000.

If railroad transportation makes no ad-
vance in the fifteen years, if the millions
spent annually for better road beds, more
‘powerful locomotives, a greater haulin,
power at a lower cost—if this be all waste
and in 10:8 America stands just where it
stands to-day, then the canal may be able to
name a rate on aixth class freight which
wili make it a competitor with the rail-
roads on that traffic. But the barge never
can travel faster than three miles an hour
and it must be taken by mechanical process
through half a hundred locks. On all
traffic which makes time, safety and pro-
tection an element with the shipper the
canal cannot compete with the railway.

But suppose the railroad progreeen as it
has in the decade just closed

Then, of course, the $101,000,000 will be
absolutely and hopeless!y wasted.

Are you willing to bet this sum against
progress?

10 TO 8&8 AND 10 TO 7 ON LOW.

Devery Specialist Figures On or Off Chance
of 15,000 Votes.

In the Broad Street curb market yester-
day bets were made at odds of 10to 8 and
10 to 7 that Low would defeat McClellan,
E. H. Chartrand made the largest bet on Low
—-$3,000 to $2,400, with C, H. DeWitt & Co.
Among the smaller bets were H. P. Allen,
$100 to $80 on Low, with Werner & Brown,
and George Tucker, $100 to $70 on Low, with
W. G. Gallagher. Charles H. Marshall of
Wardwell & Adams bet $500 even on Low
with F. H. Brooks, but this bet was de-
scribed by Mr. Brooks as being “an odd
lot bet” and as not representing the actual
betting market.

At the close of the day there was a large
amount of Low betting money offering with
very little McClellan money in evidence.
Percy Guard was offering $20,000 to $18,000
on Low, and Louis Croceo was offerin
$25,000 to $20,000. There were sever
other brokers offering to bet on Low in
smaller amounta at the ruling odds. A
little money was showing on McClellan at
odds of 7 to 10.

William G. Gallagher, the curb broker,
who has made a specialty of betting offers
relating to Devery and who, on Friday,
offered $300 to $1 that Devery would not
be elected Mayor, offered to bet yesterday,
at odds of 1 to 3, that Devery will get 15,000
votes.

HOT CAMPAIGN IN WATERTOWN.

State Committeeman Carlisle Directing
the Democratic Forces.

WarTERTOWN, N. Y., Oct. 24.—The hottest
municipal campaign that has been waged
here in years ia now on. Tie Republicans,

who are in the majority, have nominated
newmen. The Democrats are making every
effort to wrest the city from them. State

 

+ Committeeman John N. Carlisle is directing

the Democratic forces. Every Saturday a
spicy campaign sheet makes its appear-
ance, all of the articles in it having passed
the censorship of Mr. Carlisle. The matter
ia all prepared in one of the rooms occupied
by the firm of Brown, Carlisle «& Hugo,
of which Senator Brown fs the senior mem-
ber and Committeeman Carlisle next.

The Republicans have nominated Charles
D. Bingham, Grand Commander of the
Grand Commandery Knights Templars of
the State, for Mayor, aa the Democrats
have named Florentine D, Roth. Both
rides are fighting for City Judge and control
of the Common Council.

TO UPSET NATURE'S LAWS.

Will a Ditch Three Feet Deeper Than the
Present Canal Work Wonders?

When the Erie Canal was a great grain
carrier the bulk of the wheat rrised for
expert was grown in the Ohio Velley, In
coming to the Atlantic coast it sought the
natural route. Now one-half of that pred-
uct is harvested west of the Mississippi.
That wasa natural westward course of he
cereal growing indust Pf And again, follow-
ing natural lines, it is flowing to Guif ports
thet are 500 miles nearer the wheat flelds
then New York is.

What magic will a twelve-foot canal have
that a nine-foot canal lacks, what mage
netiam, that will draw this treffic out of the
channels made by the laws of nature end
of trade and divert it to the longer route?

If the elevator and transfer pool could
put in a barge canal a witcher
what share will come to New

 

 

ork beyond

the 78 centsa ton which the pool will collect? |

Ia it’ worth §101,000,000 of State money?
TWO MEETINGS ON LAST NIGHT.

Mayer Low and Senator Depew at Brook-
lyn Academy Saturday Evening.

The managers of the fusion forces in
Brooklyn have arranged to wind up the
campaign Saturday night next with a
big parade and two mase meetings, the lat-
ter in the Academy of Music and {a Prospect
Hall. Ex-Lieut.-Gev. Timothy L. Wood-

 

ruff will preside at the Academy of Music
meeting and the speakers will i: chide
Mayor Lew, ar nator Depew, Mayor
Low will speak eHpect Hall aleo,

a
At a meeting of foman's Municipal
le ie held yesterday at the Barnard
Nup, 9 0) waa veted te the Citizens’ Union
ip along the fu@lon ticket and it was
te ralse anether 9500 for the same
pa pen.

96 VEARS OLD AND A VOTER

Henry A. TV, Grapbery Has Begistered and
Wil) Vote at Coming Mieotion.

One of the eldest man who will vote al
the coming elevtien je Henry A. ‘I’. Gran-
very, 96 years old, whe calebruted his din-
mond waddl with his wife Prudence
Granbery, ut their home, 140 haat Forty -
worn otreet, last Wednemiay.

w Granhery, their sen, a steckbreker
with offices at 20 Broad sirect, auld yeo-

terday

“My father and mother were married
neventy five years on the 10th of ths month.

y father is 06 e016 old and my mether
ubout > | think she is prouder of her
age (han he ie of bis. My father waa born
in Norfolk, Va. He moved to Brooklyn
in 1841, and from there to New York in
1855 He has registered and expects to
vole @t the coming election *

 

 

to do this |

 

|

 

 

|
|

 

|

2 sss

eam Br pom ” r .
\ i ond 4 b oo .

  

WCARRENWARMSTS7HEWORK |

 

PROPHESIES 100,000 ‘MAJORITY
FOR MCLELLAN.

 

What He Thinks of Low's Position on the
Exeise Question—Littleton, McLaugth-
lin and Others Hire the Academy of
Muste for AntkTammany Talk.

The temporary, if not permanent, political
eclipse of Hugh McLaughlin as the leader
of the Brooklyn Democracy was empha-
sized yesterday mon.iig when the new
banner with the names of Grout and Fornes
under that of McClellan was unfurled in
front of the Thomas Jefferson headquar-

ters, in Court Square.

McCarren is now in absolute control of
the Kings county Democratic organization,
although John L. Shea is still nominally
chairman of the campaign committee.
In a revised appeal for funds sent out yes-
terday, McCarren’s name appears under that
of Shea with the indorsement: “Chairman
Advisory Committee,” a brand new political
personage in Breoklyn.

McCarren is putting @ great deal of ginger
into the belated can\ass for the full ticket.
He has arranged for five or six rallies in each
Asseinbly district each night until the
close of the campaign. He is apparently
confident that McClellan is going to sweep
the city by us big a plurality almost aa
Coler received over Odell last year. Ac»
cording to bis forecast Kings county will
give him from 5,000 to 10,000; Manhattan
aud The Bronx from 50,000 to 60,000, and the
entire city from 75,000 to 100,000,

Senator McCarren said in regard to
Mayor Low's remarks on the excise ques-
tion in his Schwaben Hall speech on Friday
night:

[am not surprised at the attitude of Mayor
Low on the excise question, as he defined it
at the meeting in schwaben Hall last evening.
It is characteristic of hitn and is another illus-
tration of iis indecision and lack of baok-
bone. His election two years ago wus mainly
through tie promise he made to liberally
interpret the laws that affect the Germaa
population particularly, His action lust
night vindicates the description given of him
by Mr. Jerome, in whicn he was described aa &
nice gentleman, but lacking suiticient, char
acter to put in effect a conviction if he had it.
His atraddie on the excise question will, im
my Opinion, disgust the people.

It was announced at Democratic head-
quarters that Bourke Cockran had ac-
cepted an invitation from some of the labor
leaders to pean for the ticket in the
Academy of Music on Tuesday night and
to answer any questions which might be
put to him.

Hugh McLaughlin continues to hold court
in his old headquarters in the Willoughby
street auction room, and yesterday there
was no lack of visitors, including many of
the Assembly district leaders who are
still faithful to the old leader, while ap-
parently in the regular McCarren proces-
Slon.

Assistant District Attorney Martin W.
Littleton, who, although the nominee for
President of the Borough, is supporting
McLaughlin in his revolt, is preparing
another oratorical thunderbolt. against
Tammany and its alleged invasion of Brock-
lvn. It is to be hurled at a meeting in
the Academy of Music Thursday night,
and his friends, foremost among whom
is Hugh McLau hiin, have hired the build-
ing and will defray all the other expenses
of the gathering, which it is confidently
expected will be one of the most notable
demonstrations of thecampaign, Supreme
Court Justice William J, Gaynor is to be
invited to preside and Edward M. Shepard
may speak. Hugh McLaughlin will be the
moat conspicuous figure on the platform.

The Brocklyn Citizen still stands firmly
by McLaughlin. It said yesterday: *

The sure way to keep Tammany out of
Brooklyn is to defeat the Tammany tleker,
for which Senator McCarren js working night
andday. With MeClellan beaten and Murphy
expelled from power in Tammany iteels,
there will be no fear of any further attack
on either the decencies of life in Brooklyn
of ALY Independence of the local organi-
zation.

ASSEMBLY FIGHT DUNN'S CARE.

He Doesn't See How David B. Hill Can
Get Any Districts Away.

Col. George W. Dunn, chairman of the
Republican State committee, said at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel last night that he
would remain in town from now until Nov.
2, and that he was directing all of his ener-
gies upon the Assembly fight in the State
The Republicans had a majority in the
Assembly of 28 last year. For several
montis David B. Bill, from Democratic
headquarters at Albany, has been directing
the fight for the Democrats to be made in
twenty-six districts of the State where the
Republican majorities averaged last year
say 600. Mr. Hill has had an idea that out
of the twenty-six districts he certainly
could capture fourteen and one or two
others.

Col. Dunn said: “I don't believe that the
Republicans will have a decreased majority
in the Assembly next winter. ‘The LDemo-
crats would have
Assemblymen in order to make that body
a tie, and I don't aee iow they are going to
do it, or how they are going, as I say, to
reduce the Republican majority in the
Assembly at all.”

 

Col. Dunn was informed by some of his |

visitore that tie liquor dealers in the cities
of the first and second class in the State
were to throw all t.eir influence to the
election of Democratic Assemblymen, on
the ground that Gov. Odell had hoisted the
liquor tax from $800 to $1,200.

“Did any of these people ever vote for a
Republican Assemblyman?” inquired Col.
Dunn, in reply.

 

IT COSTS MORE THAN $70

To Every Family In the State if the Canal
Vote Is Yes.

This is about the truth of the demand
that on election day, Tuesday, Nov. 3, you

shall vote to sink $101,000,000 (870 to every |

household in the State) in the Erie Canil
ditch ;

The State of New York has seldom or never
put through any great work that did not cost
from 25 to 400 per cent. more than the original

esatiinated cost. The Stave Capitol at Albany
was to have been built for $3,000,000 or $4,000,
ooo. Jt has already cost over $24,000,000,
Sone years ago it waa estimated that the

canals could be inproved for $9,000,000. The
money Was appropriated and expended,
when it waa discovered that three tlhines the
appropriation would be needed to
bo it hus been in regard
to ull great State works and so it would un-
doubtedly be with the barge canal should it
be voted. $101,000,000 would be only 4 starter
Better yote NO

1,200 LAWYERS FOR BENNET.

Original
complete the work

Munictpal Court Fight in the Twelfth
Getting Interesting.

More than 1,200 lawyers have signed
a petition (o the voters of the Twelfth Mu-
nicipal Court distriet to vote for William
S. Bennet, the present Judge, who was
nominated by the Republicans but failed
of the Citizens’ Union indorsement. Alex-
ander Brough, secretary of the lhiwyers’
committee of eightecn whieh je tuurong
Judge Bennet's canvass, eays that three
of the five Citigens’ Union officers of the
Twenty-first distriet realigned rather than
Bupport A PW. beamrea. who ie indormed
by Tammany Hall Hammond Odell, the
Chiizens’ Union candidate for Alderman

to capture fourteen , ,
' the common stock selling at 16, The stock

|

 

|
|
|
|
|

in the Nipeteanth Assembly district, is |

eupporting Judge Bennet in lie

rpecohes

public

Wharton te Leave Lonigh Valley Directory.

PRILADELPHIA, Oo 24 —Joseph Wharton,
it was announced to-day, will resign in
January from the Loard of direotors ef
ad laligh Valley He has recommended
» B. Buith of the firm ef B. B. Bmith &
Co, this oily, to succeed jim. Dres
4&4 Co, who represent about three hundr
thoveand eharer, ore known t@ favor the
election of Mr. Binith With them the to¢al
cume eo ae | power is brought up te 400,-
elares, ) per cent, of the entive eeue
of the Labigh Valley F

| lowa ¢ ampalgn

os

 
  
 

TRUST OF METHODIST COLLEGES.

Plan to Unite Thirty Under the Nerth-
westera’s Management.

Crrcaao, Oct. 244 —Plana for the combina-
tion under one head of most of the Western
Methodist educational insti utions have been
outlined by President Edmund dames of
Northwestern University. Incidentally. the
Evanston institution is to be the head of the
organization. President James said thé
university had already annexed two seo-
ondary schools, one of which raised a fund
of $200,000 as an endowment when it became
known that Northwestern would assume
control. ‘Two sectarian collages have ap-
plied for admission. Each has been asked
to raise an endowment fund of $300,000.
According to figurea quoted by President
James, the thirty colleges, when under the
Management of Northwestern University,
will give the combii.ction a total of at least
16,360 students and 1,087 instructors

CHASE FOR BROKER'S POLO PONY.

Car Trips Him at Last and a Mounted
Policeman Is Hurt in the Mix-up.

Mounted Policeman Kavanagh of the
High Bridge station was badly hurt yester-
day afternoon while chasing a runaway
polo pony down Seventh avenue. The
pony belonged to Alfred Borden, a broker
of 55 Weat Fifty-seoond street, and got
away from his owner just as the latter was
entering Van Cortlandt Park to take part
in a polo game. Mr. Borden had a fail
that inju e: only his clothing.

The pony galloped down Jerome avenue,
across the Central Bridge and then down
Seventh avenue. From 150th street to 135th
street Mounted Policeman Perkins chased
the pony, which dodged and twisted and
kept out of danger. The crowd watched
with joy that was only interrupted when
the pony now and then bounded up on
the sidewalk.

Three-quarters of a mile took the wind
out of Perkins’s horse, while the pony was
as brisk as ever. Mounted Policeman
Kavanagh took up the chase at 135th street.
Having a lighter horse, he succeeded in
getting hold of the pony's bridle at 129th
street, but was unable to stop it. They
went down the avenue and acroas 125th
atreet onarun. A westbound car was just
crossing 125th etreet, Its fender caught
the pony and knocked it down. Kavanagh's
horse stumbled and went down, too. In
the mix-up Kavanagh received a couple of
kicks on the head and several about the
body. He was rescued by Mounted Pollce-
men Lyon and Perkins, who succeeded in
dragging the horses away from him. He
was then barely conscious and had to be
carried into a store nearby.

Tt was teared at first that he had suffered
a fracture of the skuH, but he insisted on
being taken to his home instead of to a
hospital. Dr. John J. White, who attended
him, said later the man's condition was
serious.

SMALLEY

Will Cement Friendship, He Says—Marconi
Not on Lucania.

Marconi did not return to New York
aboard the Cunarder Lucania, in yesterday
from Liverpool and Queenstown, as he had
hoped to do, keeping in touch with Europe
and America all the way across the sea.
The Lucania will be fitted with powerful
transmitting apparatus, and, within two
months, the inventor will personally super-
intend the receiving and sending of mes-

es as the liner speeds this way.

yeorge W. Smalley, correapondent of
the Loudon Times, was a passenger ay the
Lucania. He said that the news of the
decision of the Alaskan Tribunal, received
by wireless, had pleased both American and
Er iat passengers.

“It is the greatest thing that ever has
taken place in international arbitration
and will cement closer the friendship be-
tween the English and American people,”
Mr. Smalley said.

Other arrivals by the Cunarder were:

H. W. Lucy, the humorist; the Right Rev.
Dr.George Worthington Bishop of Nebraska;
Mr. ad Mrs. Douglas Robertson; Major
P. C. B. O'Donovan, national president of
the Gaelic League of America; G. H. Broad-
hurst and Capt. Neitenstein, superintendent
of Exglish prisons, who will take a look
at American penal institutions.

WON'T DEAL IN BANK STOCK.

Pittsburg Brokers Also Bar Out Pittsburg
Coal for One Week.

PiTTsBURG, Oct. 24.~—The Pittsburg Stock
Exchange members have assumed an arbi-
trary course in refusing to handle shares
of any banking stock or of Pittsburg Coal
for cne week. The banks made the sug-
gestion to the brokers to quit seeing n
bank stocks because of the panic which
might have resulted from the closing of the
two banks here. The brokers fell in Mne
with the idea, because they are dependent
on the banks.

Pittsburg Coal has been declining steadily,

 

 

ON ALASKA AWARD.

 

pays 6 percent. The Pittsburg Coal Com-
pony issued a statement to show that it
iad a eurplus of $5,000,000 and on top of this
the brokers were induced to vote that no
Pittsburg Coal should be dealt in for one
week. he preferred atock, paying 7 per
cent., aold at 62, Brokers are discouragiag
dealing of any kind. f

WEINGARTNER'S SHORT STAY.

To Re Here Only Ten Days—Ne Soloists
When He Conducts for Philharmonic.

Felix Woeingartner, whe is coming here

 

 

| to conduct the fifth public rel.earsal and

concert ef the Philharmonic Society, will
be inthe United States only ten days in all,
and will conduct every day. He makes a
rule of having no soloists at the Kaim con-
certs in Munich, and in deference to hia
wisies there will be none at the Phil-
harmonie on the two dave he conducts.

Weingartner has selected for the pro-
gramme when he conducts the Philhar-
monic concerts, hia own symphonic poem,
“Das Gefilde der Seligen,” Berlioz's “Ben-
venuto Cellini” overture, Liszt's symphonic
poem “Tasso” and Beethoven's seventh
symphony.

GIFTS FROM MRS. KERNOCIAN,

 

 

Pieces of Gold Plate Presented te a Charch
in Memory ef Husband and Son.

Newport, R. J., Oct. 24,~Mre, James
P. Kernochan ef New York has presented
to Trinity Church, Newport, two pieces
of gold plate as a memort:! to her husband,
the late James P, Kernochan, and her son,
the jute James L. Kernochan, who died
a few weeks ago at his home on Long Ie!-
and, The memorial for her husband ia a
large goid urn and that for her son is a round

iid plate, beth te he used on the com-
union table ef the chureh

Mrs. Kernechan has had them engraved
with suitable Inderiptions, and the gifts
have been uccepted by the vestry of the
ehurch. Mrs. KRernechan is now at New-
port and for years has been an attendant
at Trinity Ciurel
Ghaw (Challenges the Democrats on the

Varit,

Muscarine, la, Oct. 24 Secretary of

the Treasury Shaw last night delivered the

first of four speeches he is to make in the
He challenged the Demo

 

| cratic party to make the tariff ap issue in

| dicted a sweeping Hepublioan vietory in

the next Presidential compaign He pie
Iowa

New Orleans labor Loton Party.

New OBLeans, Oct. 24. ‘The labor unions
A New Orleans have finally perfected
theiy organization asa political party. Tia
new party wii be known «a the Union
jovgie Ren Commons, president of the

reat Car Lanployees’ Union, will be pres.
ident of the executive aommitiae, whieh
will ineiude twenty-one other members
from each of he several unlona,

 

WHATEVER IT MAY BE, IT IS SO
MUCH LOSS TO TAMMANY.

The Adventures of Independent Candidates
for Great Offices Do Not Indicate Any
Great Inclination Among New York-
ers to Use Up Votes on Them.

How many votes will Devery get? That
{a the question that politicians are asking
each other.

In the last primary fight in the Ninth
Assembly district Devery got 1,354 votes.
His two ‘Tammany opponents got 1,737
votes between them.

The Ninth is Devery’s home district,
and what organization he has is in this
district. He has nominated candidates
for Assemblyman and Alderman in this
district, and if he elects them he will be
doing well. In twelve other districts in
this borough and Brooklyn, Devery has,
or has tried to have, candidates for the
Assembly, In several of these districts
he also haa Aldermanic candidates.

Devery himself, however, is the whole
pump ticket. Over 5,000 names were signed
to the petition that nominated him for
Mayor, but it is admitted that half the
signers have no intention of voting for him.
Any one will sign a petition to be obliging,
and that is the principle on which the Dev-
ery petitioners acted.

Devery says he is making his fight for
the laboring man, ard he expects to get
the labor vote. He certainly will not get
the votea of policemen. Devery handled
the cops with an iron rod when he was head
of the department, and now that he is no
longer connected with it no man comes in
for more roasting. He will not get the fire-
men's votes, or the saloonkeepers’. Poli-
ticiana think he will come in for a crop of
“joke votes.”

There is one way to get a line on the
Devery vote, and that is to compare him
with men who have fun independently
before. In 1898 Theodore Bacon ran for
Governor on the Citizens’ Union ticket.
He got 65 votes in Manhattan and The
Bronx. James J. Coogan ran for Mayor
on an independent ticket in 1890. He had
a better organization behind him than
Devery has and he got 8,800 votes in New
York county. In Greater New York, of
course, Devery has, a bigger field to draw
on than Coogan had.

The late Pat Gleason was three times
elected Mayor of Long Island City, but when
he ran independently for the office the
first year of consolidation he got only 749
votes. Devery is certainly no more popular
@& man than was Gleason. Gleason was
outspoken and witty. So is Devery. Dev-
ery has the “goods” on a great many men in
Tammany Hall, and that is one reason he
is interesting. During the next ten days
he threatens to tell some of the interest~
a ee he knows.

_There are 1,535 election districts in this
city—798 in Manhottan, 532 in Kings, 93 in
The Bronx, 72 in Queens and 40 in Richmond.
There are 25 election districts in the Ninth
Assembly district, Devery'’s stamping
moun Eliminating these 25 election
districts there remain in Manhattan 773.
If Devery gets five votes in each of these
773 districts he will have 3,865 votes. Fig-
uring on the basis of two votes for each
election district in the other boroughs he
would get 1,474 votes, Allowing him 1,000
votes in his own district his total vote in
round numbers would be about 6,500.

Wise political sharps give Devery just
about this number of votes, Other persons
who seem to b» reasonably well informed
think Devery will get from 10,000 to 20,000.

Every vote he gets will come from ‘Tam-
many. His followers were all hard shell
Tammanyites until Big Bill be gan his fight.
Devery was always a stanci. Tammany
man and worked hard for Tammany when
he was Chief of Police.

Up to date two of Devery’s most powerful
friends have deserted him. Frank Farrell,
the horseman, has gone over to Tammany.
Bob Nelson, the saloonkeeper and pro-
fessional bondsman, is telling all his friends
to vote for McClellan. Nelson controls
many negro and French votes and lives
and does business in Devery's district.
If McClellan is elected Nelaon expects to
have a good deal to say g out regulating
vice in the Tenderloin. every says that
Sam Parks has gone to Tammany, too.

Who is supplying the money for Devery's
campaign is aro her question that ia cf en
asked. Devery seems to be standing the
entire expense. His last primary fight
cost him a pile of money, and he has been
spending a great deal of money since he
began his Mayoralty fgit. He has stopped
supplying the voters of the Ninth with
free beer, but he has been putting out a
pile of coin on Hthographs and campaign
literature, not to mention fireworks and
brass banda. No one but Devery knows
how much money he is worth. He owns
over $600,000 worth of real estate, but this
is only a small part of his wealth. He is
believed to he worth $1,500,000.

MOLLIE FANCHER IN DISTRESS.

Must Raise the House Where She Is Con-
fined, at a Cost of $500.

Mollie Fancher, who has been an invalid
in her little house at Downing street and
Gates avenue, Brooklyn, for the last forty
years, suffering from the effects of a fall
from a street car, was notified yesterday
that she must raise the second story of her
house “to conform to the rules of the New
York State Department of Labor.”

Miss Fancher is Brooklyn's famous in-
valid. The little house where she has
spent her life was given to her when she
was a student in Packer Inetitute, When
ashe received her injuries she was taken
to her room, where she has been, in bed,
ever siice. She has made a strenuous
struggle for independence, succeeding,
with the aid of a fow friends, in keeping
her home and paying off the sinall mortgage
that was on it.

The cost of the alterations demanded

| by the departinent will be $500. This sum,
it is said, would put the invalid hopelessly
in debt. The first floor of the building is

| oceupied by a bakery, the rental being
Miss Fancher’s only income, The Labor

} law requires geveral inches more cejlicg

| for a bakery. An effort is te be made to
have the house exempted, at least while
the invalid lives.

NORMAL COLLEGE ALUMNA.

800 Guests Attend Annual Reunion—State
University for Women,

The Normal College alumnes held their
| annual reunion in the college chapel yeater-
| day afternoon, Kight hundred members
| of the association were present. Dr, bliza-
|

 

 

beth Jarrett, president of the daspoulate
alumni, presided. She advocated the
placing of menbers of the alumna on the
| board of trustees and the executive board,
| President Hunter of the Normal | ollege
| also spoke. He said that a project is now
| en foot and destined to grow to establish a
$ ote university for women

Franklin Sargent, president of the Acad-
emy of Dramatic Arts, spoke in belalf of
| the establisiment of a post graduale course
| of dramatic art in the Norinal (College,
Phe gisele were entertained at a banquet
held in the library and study hall of the
| college

| Five ans Robbers Arrested on an Island

Hunton, Kun, Oot 24. Afler a severe
fight the men who looted the bunk here were
captured baat evening on an island in tue
Arkansas iver, fifteen miles frou) burtos,
and taken to tne Newton jail, The ten

ve thelr Hames a6 James Kell, aged 26,
seorge Olaon, aged 28, kb. H. Jounwon, aged
fa, homes White, aged 44, and Krank
Harwood, aged 26 Jolinaon ie badly
| wounded, being abort in the head, Lrewet,
arine and lege The prisoners deny that

they were ever in Burton L,, Daly, a
| merehant here, identitied them

‘

eins 2 ee ee ey
i

Grape Nuta aad

| with eplendid reeulie and

FRITZ

“I NEVER TOLD YOU JEROME
HAD SENT ME TO YOU.”

 

 

“It Seems to Me, Mr. Murphy, We Are Rais
ing a Cloud ef Dust and Obscuring the
Main Issue’’—Jerome Gave Lindinger
Seme Advice That Went Wrong.

“Now,” said Charles F. Murphy to Fritz
Lindinger late yesterday afternoon, “you
tell me again just what you did tell me
about Mr. Jerome.” <A stenographer was
present. Fritz said:

I told you that I had had a number of
interviews with Mr. Jerome and that during
these interviews Mr. Jerome had atated to
me that if any taxpayer had evidence enough
to begin John Doe proceedings against Mr.
Hawkes he would take the matter up. I
stated also to you that I had had a number
of conversations with Mr. Jerome in some of
which I had asked him to come into the or-
ganization.

It was I who suggested to Mr. Jerome the
possibility of his securing the Mayoralty
nomination if he came into the organization.
And so I told you. I said to you that when I
made the suggestion first to Mr. Jerome he
was averse to considering the matter of the
Muyorulty nomination at all because, us he
stated, he had two more years to run and
would not be justified in surrendering his
present position for the Mayoralty nomina-

10n.

1 told you that later on in my conversation
with Mr. Jerome he, at my repeated sug-
fen of the Mayoralty nomination, care-
essly waved it aside, saying that he could not
seriously consider any such proposition at
that time.

These conversations with Mr. Jerome I
told you were not made at one time, but
covered a long period, and were of the strictest
confidential nature,

When | spoke te you, Mr. Murphy, about
this matter I did not come to you as
an emissary from Mr. Jerome. I merely
repeated to you the substance of the various
conversations 1 had had with Mr. Jerome
covering a long period of time. In so far,
therefore, a8 to what you have said con-
cerning my interview with you on this sub-
ject is correct, except gabe are mistaken
about my having said that [ was an emissary
of Mr. Jerome.

_My object in telling you of my conversa-

tions with Mr, Jerome was because | admired
him personally and was anxious to see him
associated with the organization, and be-
cuuse 1 believed he would be the strongest
man to defeat Mr. Low, who has always
been against liberal excise lawa, pot withatand-
ing his preelection promises, 1 said to you
that Mr, Jerome was my candidate for Mayor,
You have always known that 1 was predis-
posed toward Mr. Jerome,

All thia matter is very disagreeable to me,
l hate to break confidences, and would have
kept them even though it should appear
against me, but 1 make this statement in order
that the truth may put us all right.

J can searcely see what all this discussion
nae to do with the election of George B. McClel-

an.

It seems to me, Mr. Murphy, that we are
raising a cloud of dust on @ aide issue and
obscuring the main object—the success of
the Democratic ticket.

It seems that Fritz had been to see Mr.
Jerome on Friday night. Mr. Jerome said
yesterday:

“Lindinger came to see me last night
and said: ‘What ere we going to do about
this Charile Murphy business?’

“What are you going to do? you mean,’
I said, What you ought to do Is to tall the
truth, You know as well as I do that I
never deputized you to go to Murphy or
any one else as my emissary,’

“Lindinger snid: ‘Well, now, Judge, when
I was boomirg you for Mayor I probably
said a lot of tuings; but I don’t remember
saying anything + bout that.'”

Mr. Jerome added that Lindinger once
called on him to point out what a great
chance he had to head the Tammany ticket,
and later on came again and said: “The
Tammany deal did not go threugh, but
you'll be Mayor yet. I am going to get
the liquor dealers together and nominate
you by petition.’ Jerome replied:

“Fritz, whenever you want to hurt the
candidacy of any one running fer office,
you go and get the liquor dealers as a body
to indorse him.®

Now Fritz haa get them as a body to
indorae McClellan.

 

 

Five Houses Wrecked by a Mine Cave-In,

WILKES-BaRRF, Pa., Oct. 24.—A cave-in
which took down five houses occurred on
Cliff street at Pittaton to-day and to-night,
The depreasion is extending and other
houses may be affe The cave-in is
over the old workings of the Barnum ool-
hee? The surface dropped without warn-
ng.

BUSY DOCTOR

Sometimes Overlooks a Point,

The physician is such a busy man that
he sometimes everlooks @ valuable point
ts which his attention may be called by
ai intelligent patient who ts @ thinker.

“About a year ago my attention was
called to Grape-Nuts by ene of my pa-
tients," says a physician of Cincinnati

“At the ime my own health was bad and
I was pretty well rundown but | saw in
a ininute that the theories behind Grape-
Nuts were perfect and if the food was all
that was claimed for it it was a perfeot
food so J comumrptioed to use Grape-Nuts
with warm milk twice a day and in a short
tine began to improve jn every way and
[ am now much stronger, feel 60% (ler
aud weigh more ®an Teaver dia in my life

“LT know that all of this g ue to
J am firmly eonvinced
that the clalia» made for the food are true.
I jwve recommended and ati) recommend
the food to a great many of my petlents
in eome canen
the improvement of patlenté on thie fine
food has been wouderfial

"As a brain aod nerve food, tn faet as
a wenera! food, Grape Nuts stands glove”
ee ne wren by Postum Co, Battle Creek,

jeh. ©

Look in each pack
famous little Book,
ville *—Adw

«for a copy of the
“fhe Road’ to Well-

 

CHAMPAGNE

«Wine of the Peerage.”

Kings It Makes Gods, and
Meoaner Creatures kings.

Senvan axp SoLp EVSRYWHEES.
WEW TORE and KENTUCKY OO.

 

———————

a

 

ee
33
2

fth Ave., cor. 27th

N. Yn
‘Agent for tne United States.

St,
Ss

Lf f' ie ‘
can

OTs ae

d i)
ty )

 

 

Department of Clocks |

Second Floor |

HALL and

MANTEL
‘CLOCKS

    

 

 

of
Recent
Importation

Fifth Ave. & 39th St. |

me

 

 

 

PLAN TO PRESERVE PATERSON.
Joseph Labadie Proposes to Prevent
Further Floods There.

Onanagz, N. J., Oct. 24—Joseph Labadie,
an engineer living on Vernon place, Orange,
has made public a plan for a cheap and
practical solutien of the problem of pre-
venting such floods as have occurred in
Paterson. Mr. Labadie says his plan can
be carried into effect for $100,000, and eo
confident is he that he says he will guar-
antee the result for that amount.

The remedy that Mr. Labadie gug;
js a canal starting between the Dundee
Dam and the city of Paterson and runnin
four miles across country to the Hackensack
River, which parallels the Passaic River.
Residents of Paterson say that the Dundea
Dam backs up the water in time of flood
and causes the inundation of their city
They say the Dundee Dam must be broken
down, but Mr. Labadie points out that i:
furnishes power to a large number of fac-
tories in Passaic and that its abandonment
would mean a heavy loss.

ENGAGED.
FIELD—BAITER.—Mr. J. P. Balter announces
the engagement of hia daughter, Migs Gertruc

Margaret Balter, to Mr. Edward Pearse)!
Field. Seerieesien

 

MARRIED.

HAVILAND—EDWARDS,—On Saturday, Oct. 24,
1908, by the Rev. Dr. J. 8. Stone, Cecelia C.
dauguier of the late Walter W. Adams, to
Pierre Chauncey Haviland.
HOPKINS—JONES,—On Saturday, Oct. 24, 1905
at St. George's Church, Stuyvesant aq., New
York, by the Rev. William ©. Rodgers of Miil
brook, assisted by the Rev, Hugh McC. Birck
head, Emilie Florence, daughter of Frederic)
W. and Etiza Lotumer Jones, Henry cv.
Hopkins.

 

DIED.
ASHMAN.—Aa anulversary requiem mass for the
repose of the soul of the late Amasian L. Aso
men will be celebrated at St.Ann's Chun. Bast
12th st., Monday, Oct. 26, at 10 A, M.
BRRTINE.—On Friday, Oct. 23, 1908, at 65 Halsey
st., Brooklyn, Mary Adelaide Blake, wife of
George Bertine,

Funeral private.
WHUSH.—Op Oct. 2, Frances Keeler, infant
daughter of Dr. Frederick O. and Mary Dutwa
Brus, aged 12 days.
CIBNDENIN.—At the rectory. Weat Qhester, oo
Friday, Oct. 28, 1008, Muriel Morton Gwendolen,
eged 6 years and id days, beloved child of
'P. M. and Gabrielle Clendenin.
phineral from St. Peter's Chureh West Obester

oe Sunday, et half efter i20'clook, Intermons
iprivate, Wiease omit howers
MiCFZY.—On Saturday, Oot. 94 1008, Catherine

W. Hickey, dearly beloved daughter of Joseph
/ and Mary T. Hickey, aged HW moutas
wa aad triends are respectfully Invited to
ietend fuueral from ber late fesilenve a6
tb ov. on Tueslay, Oot 27, 069 P.M.

HOL® ROOK.—suddenly at fed Bank, Oot *),
})08, Hensiotie May Midred, wife at Uwe
}§abrook

Yuga services at her late pesidence, Kiver
sige Drive, Ked Haak, on Sunday aflermwoo
O.qt. %, at 2 e'eloos

ur R.-At Roselle, NJ, on Saturday Oot.
104) Onarles Vester Miulew, tw (ue both year
of Pls age

Pune gal services at bis late peaidence, Fifth ay
Rogie, on Tuesday, Got 97, ab ee
Pr Train leaves Liberty #.. New Yura 9
vil a! iiniiroad of New Jeiaey at sor M
WOHUPF) On Friday, Got 29, [aud at lla feat denee
10194 aye Jawodd Sehum

Belem) recuiem maw Monday at 080 ower
joftue Nat y 26 ov ends

ROM hole Nei th

ene home

THE ibeiitin LAS VPuESS AM
6 bier lay Bi New Yor
aby aireetiun » tie Aprons ‘
roved by el i at » oon
priesta whose oulert le (ution 6
; pature, hulls gpuvese oud pole @
ot ting weal pusailie pres