yosTLY IN MISSISSIPPI VALLEY,

 

tater From George J. Gould te the Levee
committee at New Orteans Expected
to Give Detatle—Harriman system
projects $100,000,000 Expenditure.

George J. Gould has sent a letter to Chair-
pan Luce of the levee committee at New
which states that the system of

Orjeans 4
roads Wi) bears his name has under
gay inprovements which call for the ex-

) penditure of between $40,000,000 and $50,-
00,000), the bulk of which will be spent
inthe Mossissipp! Valley. The letter will
pe read on Tuesday at the Mississippi
yalley levee convention, the work of which
Wr Gould praises very highly.

The details of the letter telling of these

t expenditures will not be given out
before it is read in the convention, but
it has been generally known that the Gould
system |S contemplating important proj-
. cts along the Mississippi. Perhape the
chief impetus of these has been the desire
on te part of Mr. Gould to secure a more
direct ronte to New Orleans from the North.
To bring such a route into being it hae

 

heen dec.ded to utilize as far as ible
the Iron Mountain Railroad from Memphie
gout. By means of @ large amount of
new construction, and Feconstruction of
the Jron Mountain, a line will be pushed
down the west bank of the Missiasippi to a
connection at or near Alexandria, with the
Texas Pacific, whose tracks will be used

into New Orleans,

There has been some discussion of the

dvisability of bridging the Mississippi near
Raion Houze, the expense to be shared by
the ‘Frisco, or other lines that might make
ase of ho bridge, but this has been prac-

tically abandoned,

je s. Louis Southwestern, the Mis-
worl Pacifie and the Texas Pacific are all
toabare in the expenditures. The facilities
of the Texas Pacifie for caring for New
frleans traMie are to be greatly bettered.
The terminal arrangements in New Orleans
especially, will be im roved.

New Orleans has been particularly in-
verested in the reports, which Mr. Gould's
letter, will confirm or deny, that plans
were under way for a Gould ine of steam-
shins from New Orleans to New York or
Philadelphia, to be run in connection with
the railroad system. Members of the New
Orleans Board of Trade have said that
sic) Water lines would be in operation
within three months,

Outside of the Mississippi Valley the
eypenditures will take in work on the Den-
ver and Rio Grande System, which is mak-
ing special efforts, under President E, T.
Jefery's management, to open up branches
tonew mining and manufacturing towna.
The programme of extending the Wabash
into Baltimore is also responsible for heavy
expenditiires,

Mr. Gould'a announcement of these big
expenditures, following as it does, a similar
announcement on the part of the Harriman
system, which will expend over $100,000,000
on projected work, indicates full confidence
nthe railroad situation,

GOULD STEAMSHIP LINE?

Boats Between Philadelphia and New
Orleans Sald to Be Backed by Him.

PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 24.—It was said
to-day that George Gould is the power
bellind the financiers who have been pro=
moting the new steamship line from New
Orleans to this city. The New Orleans
Board of Trade ham announced that the
line will be established and it also said that
Mr. Gould is behind the project, Phila-
Beis and Baltimore contested for the
‘ine,

The Trades League obtained promises
of assistance from both the Pennsylvania
and Reading roads. These promises were
wiven conditionally, however, and one of
(hese conditions was that it was underatocd
ed to help the

gWULD PLANS IN THE SOUTR.

that the line was establ
port of Philadelphia and not to compete
viih the Morgan Line. These promises
will not be kept if it becomes certain that
Mr Gould is really behind the new steam-
ship line. The move is considered to be
part of the Wabash entry campaign.

When the new line is established freight
will reach New Orleans from this city in
one day less time than it reaches New
York.

WANT RECEIVER FOR STEEL CO.
Petition Filed Against the Susquehanna
—Vigorous Opposition.

LANCASTER, Pa., Oct. 24.—At a hearing
in court to-day on an application for a re-
ceivership for the Suequehanna Iron and
Steel Company in Columbia, testimony
wis presented to show that its plants were
operated at a heavy loss last year and that
under the present management the variovs
plants cannot be operated successfully
and that the company is practically in-
rolvent, It was shown that in July last
a $100,000 loan was effected. Pig iron was
given as collateral security and the latter
has since greatly depreciated in value.

This afternoon the holders of a large
block of stock petitioned that no receiver
be appointed, but the Court ordered it
file The defence showed that the com-
rary s nssets were $1,400,000 in excess of
the lal lities, excluding stock and mortgage
indebtedness, The company’s logses during
the year were attributed to business de-
pression and not to the management's fault.
Yt was shown that the plants are now suc-
ceesfiilly operated.

The Court will render an opinion in a few
days.

LAKE STREET ELEVATED ROAD.

 

 

 

 

Charges of Miamanagement Lead to the
Application for a Becelver.

Curcago, Oct. 24.—Charges of mis-
management and official neglect of property
‘1 to the appointment of a receiver this
afternoon for the Lake Street Elevated
Kailroad Comyany. The bill of complaint
on Wich the Equitable Trust Company
was named by Judge Tuthill as reosiver
for te road was filed in the Cireuit Court
by James Bolton and Daniel F. Crilly as

sto holders in the company. The bill
Miya hat the elevated railroad company
fa insclvent. In addition to this charge

ft is asserted) that in contracts entered
Into by the officials other lines have re-
celved advantages denied to the Lake

road

 

Negro Deserter From the Syiph Arrested,

BaLtiMone, Oot. 24,—William Anderson,
‘lored, was arreated to-day by Detective
Brennan of the headquarters force as a
denerter from the United States ship Sylph,
Which is used by President Roosevelt as
val Anderson, who is a cook, de-
ried two years ago, and until yesterday
‘Uvreeded in keeping himaelf hidden.

$5,000,000 Loan to Crucible Steel,

I! Was reported in Wall Street yesterday
‘hal eight individuals agreed to put up
the $1,000,000 to finance the Crucible Steel
‘pany of America’s requirements to
ity forthe Clairton Steel Company, taking
irity etocks ened by the Crucible
Mhpany
Hiiports and Exports of Bpeole,
rts of specie for the week were

 

462, { whieh 638,347 was gold, makina
I d iiports since Jan. 1 §6,86",675
in epecte were Gold, $17,000, silver
r otal of 694%,805, dauinat 6706,476
te ols week ‘The exporta of apecie
cp have heen Gold, 681,664,779,
~~ ‘rf win 4 a total of 964,918,160 ie

 

aera eneENRS

VINANCIAL NOTES,

lh let ®thtes Rub-Treasury transferred

hn ! teh graph for aeoount of loow
it he # “0 currenoy to Bt Aula al

' te ow Orleans

he United Gas and Bleetrie Company ef
tie ‘hich owns and o fate plants
(Oe ok over the Uhited Stabes, Nae Dou, ht
jE blooeries of the Bristol (Penn) Gas ay
Ot | pany, (he Bristol Belt line Kall-
*/ 60) (oe Bristol -Goudaon Water Company

 

GOSSIP OF WALL STREET.

The failure of the market to rally yesterday
upon the appearance of a stronger bank
statement than anybody expected occasioned
ome disappointinent. A good many critics ex-
pected to acc an increase in the loan item due
to the shifting of loans from the other side to
Wall Street. The decrease in loans, there-
fore, was an agreeable surprise. The greater
surprise, however, was that the loss of cash
should have been only $3,000, whereas a loss
Of something like $3,000,000 had been fore-
shadowed by the known movements of money.
One explanetion advanced for this was that
the outflow of money had been offaet by re-
ceipta of funds for investment. The in-
vestment buying in this market lust week
is anid by well informed persons to have
aggregated several millions of dollars.

 

There was a smaller demand for stocks in
the loan department yesterday. The most
active inquiry, perhaps, was for Atchison.

Pennsylvania, Canadian Pacific, New York

Central and Amalgamated Copper also were
in fair demand. inferences drawn from the
loan transactions on Saturday, however,
are often misleading.

The continued strength of Atchison has
excited a lot of scepticisin on the part of pro-
fessional traders, as is shown by the constant
demand for the stock in the loan crowd. The
heavy selling of the stock by London houses
last week was largely responsibie, no doubt,
for thie feeling. Brokers who have been
in a position to know the character of at least
some of the recent buying insist that the stock
ie being heavily absorbed by strong interests.
It ie said that the buving of one prominent
banking house has amounted to 80,000 shares,
at an average cost of a little more than $64
a share. It wae this buying that suggested
the posaibility of a deal of some kind between
the Atchison and one of the Pacific roads.
Those who are bullish on Atchison agsert that
recent professional operations in the atoock
have been wholly incidental.

Traneractions in Amalgamated Copper yes-
terday fell under 20,000 shares, as compared
with a volume of nearly 125,000 shares on Fri-
day. The stock's fluctuations covered a range
of only three-quarters of 1 per cent The
heaviest trading was within one-eighth either
way of 35. Spiegelberg was the largeat seller
in the early trading. The room crowd is still
bearish on the stock. Traders think it has had
too great a volume on this level.

 

A good deal of money has been made lately
in Amalgamated Copper privileges. Vroom
sold puts at 37 0n Friday for one-quarter of 1
percent, Puts for sixty days at 30 were offered
in New atreet yesterday

In a half humorous vein a broker called
attention last week to the fact that the people
you meet in Wall Street these days--the
regulars—have not the fat, sleek appearance
they presented during the bull market. “I
know a lot of traders,” he said, “who do not
flll the expensive clothes they put on a year
ago and still wear. 1 attribute their loss of
flesh partly to more temperate living and
partly to the physical effects of a bearish
mental attitude. To be a bear a man must
look always at the worst aspects of things,
and he becomes soured and gloomy, no matter
whether he is making money or not, You
never saw a@ sour minded man who waa big
and fat. Come to think of it, I have never
known a chronic bear trader who was not
physically lean.”

Wall Street advices from St. Louts yesterday
were all of a reassuring character.

 

Discussing the short interest in the market,
an old trader made the interesting observation
last week that for nearly two years after the
Northern Pacific panic, on May 9, 1901, opera-
tors on the bear side were timid and easily
frightened. There are traders who have
not yet wholly recovered from the losses
incurred in that memorable squeeze. Re-
cently, however, the bears appear to have
grown more stubborn, continued success
on the short side having restored their cour-
age, But for a long time the short interest
was so timid that an advance of 2 or 3 per cent.
caused it to stampede, in consequence of
which the market was poorly balanced during
the greater part of the downward movement.
Greater resistance, this trader thinks, is
likely to be offered from now on by the abid-
ing short interest, as distinct from the pro-
feasional room short interest, which is coyote
like in ita retreating instincts.

The weakness of “Americans” in the London
market, the closing London prices ranging
from % to % below New York parity, was
vaguely attributed to the approaching fort-
nightly settlement. Monday will be buying-
in day, Wednesday will be ticket day and
Thursday will be settlement day. On the
eve of the last settlement there was some
concern about the affairs of a prominent
house that had been doing a good deal of
business in American stocks. The under-
standing is that it was helped out at that time.
The international houses aold stocks in this
market every day last week, and in the
American quarter of the London market
quotations continually ruled below a parity
with New York prices.
a good deal of the I.ondon selling here was
“ordered” from New York ind that Wail
Street sold speculative stocks steadily in
the London market, but it is thought by some
to be significant that London sentiment on
American stocks has been bearish ever since
the failure of the Maryland Trust Company
to negotiate a loan at that centre. It {is inti-
mated that other institutions have sought
accommodations abroad in vain The Lon-
don correspondents have attached 4 good
deal of importance to the financial troubles
in both Baltimore and Pittsburg.

Mestre & Co. sold 4,000 Reading common
yesterday. Brokers say there has been a
good deal yf quiet liquidation in this stock
lately.

The attack made upon the Steel shares
in the late trading attracted a good deal of
attention. Popper & Stern started tho nell-
ing of the common stock. Traders sold
both the common and preferred. Brokers
who were in the Steel crowd at the time
{magined that a prominent room trader had
something to do with the selling. He was
not personally active in the stock, but seemed
to be much interested in the work of certain
brokers who had selling orders. The only
news that had any bearing on the Steel shares
was that received from Pittsburg. It was

reported that trading In the coal stocks on |

the Pittsburg exchange had been suspended.
No reasons were given, but the inference
here was that such action had been taken
to anticipate a threatened demuralization
of the local market. The Wiitsburg cor-
respondenta of Wall Street houses persist
in taking a hopeful view of the situation.
The selling of the Steel shares in this market
was thought to be in anticipation of renewed
liquidation fer Pittsburg account,
Precedents were cited laat week to show
that local stock market troubles in the in-
terior do not necessurily produce syimpathetio
effects in Wall Street. Within less than a@
week after the suspension of the Chicago
stock market in the autumn of 1406 for ninety
days, a8 a result of the Diamond Match fail-
ure, Wall Street aaw the low prices of the
no-called “Bryan panic,” and from that point
the stock market improved steadily, ignor-
ing entirely the local troubles at Chicago
In the present case of Pittsburg, it is be

Heved that the Pittsburg holdings of stouks |

for which (there Was u wide murket here
were liquidated to protect loval securities,
und that the demoralization in the matter
did not begin until there ware no nore Now
York stocks that could be Uguidated to pio-
tect them Naturally, the seding oF locas
securities OD 4 Burrow Market would come
last. The general |npression seen lo be
thut the week Pittabusg interest in the how
York markat has been pretty well eliminated

A minimum number of open vontracta were
carried over the end of the week Traders
became very reluctant toward the lever
port of the week lo commit themselves, and
many of them made it 4 point to quit the
market ae nearly “fat” a4 possible Thore
was vory little of tie customary evening up
to bw dope yeotorday, because of the nega
tive ebtitude of the trading element,

a

It was supposed that |

THE SUN, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 25. 1903.

CAUGHT BY A WOMAN SLEUTH

MRS.RY AN PURSUED HER QUARRY
AFOOT AND ON TWO CARS.

 

 

| She Had Opened the Door to = Man, Who,
She Thought, Rebbved Mrs. Sommers’s
Flat, but She Camped on His Trail
Until She Got a Pelieeman to Take Him.

| In Raymond Street Jail,in Brooklyn,there
sita on a hard cell bench one John F. How-
‘ard, who dismally contemplates the fact
that women arenot quite 60 eary as he once
| thought they were. He is charged with
| sneak thieving. His arrest. was brought
about by Mrs. Linda Ryan, a young woman,
, who nearly fainted after she had seen him
| fairly in the hands of the police.
Mrs. Ryan lives on the first floor of the
{ apartment house at 657 Quincy street.
| On Friday she went out to lock into her mail

box in the vestibule, and there found a

young man persistently ringing the bell of
| the apartment of Mrs. Sommers, who lives
| on the fourth floor. She locked over Mra.
Sommers’s visitor. He was a very decent
locking young man and he had nice man-
ners.

“I guess this bell is out of order,” said
he. “I can’t make Mrs. Sommers hear
me.”

He emiled and, thanking Mre. Ryan for
| holding the door open, passed in and up the

stairs. Mrs. Ryan didn’t think anything

more about it.
Soon after that Mrs. Sommers came fly-
ing down stairs to Mre. Ryan, who is a
capable person, ever relied upon by friends
in distress.
“Oh, Mrs. Ryan,® said Mra. Sommers,
“I've been robbed, and I went out a little
while ago, and when I came in I heard
somebody coming out of my door, I thought,
| and I wasn’t sure, and I called up atairs:
‘Wait, I'm coming up,’ the way we always
do, you know [the staira in the apartment
honse are very narrow, and rules of the road
seem to have been established] ,but he didn't
have any manners, at all, and came right on
down stairs and pushed by me and went on
out, and when I got up stairs I found he had
pale the whole place to pieces, and I don't

now what in the world we ought to do, but
I guess we better oalla policeman or some-
body, and tell——”

“That's the man I let in!” gasped Mrs.
Ryan, with true feminine intuition. She
grabbed her hat from a chair and dashed
out into the stree’, Mrs. Sommers following
without any clear ‘dea of what was going
to happen.

Mrs, Ryan hurried along Quincy street
At Van Buren street she saw that identical
nice-looking young man turn into Van
Buren street, after pausing to look quickly
behind him. Mrs, Ryan turned into Van
Buren street close after him. There was
no young man in sight. She went back
and waited. Pretty soon the nice-looking

ung man came sauntering out of a vacant
lot half way down the block and walked
paunaly off toward Keid avenue. There

@ jumped aboard a car coming toward
her. Mrs. Ryan stopped the car and
boarded it. Apparently the nice-looking

oung man did not know that he was being
ollowed, yet,

The conductor came along and held out
his hand for Mrs, Ryan's fare.

“I came out without my pocketbook,”
whispered she, “because I’m following a
Siief, and I want you to stop the car as
soon as we meet a policeman.

The conductor stared at her and then at
the young man, and the young man seemed
| to become suddenly conscious that things
| were not going his way. He jumped off
! the car. he conductor pulled the bell and
| Mrs. Ryan raced after him. The youth
leaped upon a De Kaib avenue car, which
was going full tilt. Mrs. Ryan gave chase,
caught the car and climbed aboard, to the

reat astonishment of the conductor and
those of the passengers who happened to
see her.

She sank back into a sent next to Dr.
John Ketterle of 22 Starr street. The phy-
sician saw that she was very much excited
and that something was going very wrong
indeed and asked what was the trouble.
She pointed out the young man on the
front seat--it was an open car—and told him.
Dr. Ketterle at once awung out of his seat
and moved up behind the nioa young man.
Nothing happened until the car reached
Bushwick avenue. Then Mrs. Ryan called
a@ newsboy, y

“Go tell that policeman over there,”
| she said to the boy, “that the man on the

front seat of this car is a burglar and that
! T have followed him all the way trom a house

he robbed and I want him arrested right

off.”
1 The boy scuttled across the street to the
policeman and delivered o message from
which the policeman got the idea that some-
body on that street car was crazy. He
jumped toward the car. The nice youn
man, who seemed to have eyes in the back
of his head, made the mistake of his wicked

 

 

 

 

career. He jumped off and started to run.
Mrs. Kyan screamed. Dr. Ketterle
mped off. The policeman made chase.

u
Some forty or fifty men and boys joined in,
The policeman stretched his legs a bit,
reached out with a long forearm and John F.
Howard was a prisoner.
“You would try to rob my house, would
all Mrs. Ryan said when she

you?” was
“You ought to be ashamed of

came up.
| yourself.”
” “Howard looked as if he were,
| Dr. Ketterle said that he had seen Howard
throw away something that looked like a
| old bracelet. It was not found, but under
the seat, where the physician had seen him
put it, was a “jimmy” which fitted the
marks on Mrs. Sommeres door. Mrs.
Sommers discovered that BOLO in her
flat had been carried away, dhe con-
ratulated herself that she had come home
just in time.
When Mrs. Ryan appeared incourt yeater-
day morning a8 a witness against Howard
Magistrate Furlong told her that she was
one of the most remarkable and brave
young women that he had ever known
anything about. '
You are a most extraordinary woman,
said he, “and I want to congratulate you.”
Capt. Becker, of the Hamburg avenue
station, thanked Mra. Ryan for a great
service to him. Howard would not tell
anything about himself except his name
but Capt. Bx ker is sure that he is one of
| the very able flat thieves who have been
making trouble in Brooklyn for a long
time. oward was held in $2,500 bail for
examination on Nov, @& Meantime the
| police will try to learn more about him.
nc ereatsaeeeraaana

| $500 THEFT IN PELL STREET.

Jue Chue the Victim—Ching Hun and
Yup Hen Arrested.

Ching Hun and Yup Hen, residents of
16 Pell street, were arrested by Detective
Reichert of the Elizabeth etreet station
charged by Jue Chue with stealing $500
from tus office on the second floor of 24
Pell street early yesterday afternoon.

Jue Chve was counting his money for the
bank and had a roll of $500 counted
when the two prisoners came {n and said

| they were taekine for Dr. Tom, whose of-

ww

fice adjoins Jue Chue’s, Chue directed
| them to Dr. Tom's office, Presently one of
} them came back and said that (hue was
| wanted upstairs, Chue thrust his bankroll
| into tis daat and went out without fastenin
‘the drawer. When he hid gone a frienc
of his came in and found the two prisoners
at his desk, He reported to Chue, who sent
for a deteotive and had the men arrested,

AMERICAN SHIP RELEASED.

Canadian judge Deotdes That the Kitty D.
Was Not Legally Seized.

Toronto, Ont., Oct 24.—dudgment was

iven here to-day on the selsure of the

foun schooner Kitty
The boat was captured Diy Canadion

orulaer Petrel near the internetionel houn-
ine in Lake Bate, at which point the
ny had ele out. Judge Ke ino held

that as the evidenor aa to the exact locality
was not clear, he would follow the doctrine
of (aternational jaw that in the case of

decision should le @ t the
@hip to teritorlal sover-
the return of the ship.

bot,
aubjeotton of
eignty. He or

ee

 

FINANCIAL,

 

       

Capital Stock,

ers, Boston, Mass.
GUGLIELMO MARCONI, Inventor.
EUGENE H.
Law, New York.

JOHN E. OPPE, Montreal,
W. R. BETTS, New York.

Telegraph invented by Marconi.

a@ success.

ernment and others are in operation.

Ill.; Milwaukee, Wis., and other places.

on the American Coast.
touch with their offices and homes.

sional men of the United States.

Electric Lig

original investment.

from their original investment.

Evening Sun, Oct. 10,

Oct

lish corporation.

value. The supply is limited.

ally advanced in a very short period.

ee ee ———
= ————

E. ROLLINS MORSE, of E. Rollins Morse & Bro., Banke

LEWIS, of Eaton & Lewis,

H. H. M’CLURE, of McClure's Magazine, New York.

The people of America are familiar with the experiments and tests
last three years and of its successful application to commercial purposes.
The system has been adopted by the New York Herald for its great shipping news de
atlantic Steamers in the world.

the world-renowned agency, and it is in use by all the leading Trans
Loss of life and property will then be reduced to a mini-

of any considerable tonnage can afford to be without the apparatus.
mum, the destination of cargoes may be changed at sea, and the time of arrivals accurately determined in advance. In the
be saved in reinsurance, for the cause of delay will be known on shore. When

case of vessels long overdue large sums ma
fhe English and Italian Navies have indorsed the system, and

vessels are disabled assistance may be
it has the favorable consideration of the leading governments. Three stations are now being built for the United States Gov-

form a most profitable field for wircless telegraph service,
waters, the proposition is, from a wireless standpoint, as if they were oceans.

The present stockholders of the company include shareholders of the Bell Telephone Company, Western Union and
Postal Telegraph Companies, high railroad officials, large copper mine operators, and leading bankers, merchants and profes-

The profits tc an original investor of $100 in the Bell Telephone Com

9.-- Special.) — Five-
dollar certificates in the English company are] qi nerica to-day are the ones who are certain
The fleld of

COMPANY OF AMERICA is far wider and

will yield greater profits than that of the Eng-| $1.00 to be worth over $1,000 per share, and
The five-dollar certificates] so Marconi stocks will very likely increase

of the American concern, which are offered
for sale by F. P. Ward & Co., Pittsburg, are
likely to increase to 200 or even 300 foldin) \\.. investments, such as these,

tificates are full paid and non-assessable.

 

FINANCIAL.

 

Marconi Wireless Telegraph Co.

OF AMERICA.

Par Value of Shares, $100

Chicage.

 

$6,650,000

Directors of the MARCONI WIRELESS TELEGRAPH COMPANY OF AMERICA:

SAMUEL INBULL, Presideat, Chicago Edisen Ce.,

LOYAL L. SMITH, Capitaltat, Chicage.

Attorneys-at-
ers, New York.

HON. JOHN W.
of the United

States, N. Y.
W. H. BENTLEY, New York.
GUGLIELMO MARCONI, THOMAS A. EDISON, MICHAEL IDVORSKY PUPIN—Censalting Engineers.

One of the Safest and Promises to Be the Most Profitable.
Investment Ever Offered to the Public.

Of the great inventions and discoveries of the world probably Steam, the Telegraph, Telephone, Electric Light, Electric
Power and the Phonograph are the greatest, and they have paid larg
sands per cent. Admittedly the greatest of all inventions, and desti

ispatchcd to them.

The Marconi Company is in operation at South Wellfleet, Cape Cod, Mass.; Sagaponack, L. I.; Babylon, L. 1.; Chicago,

The United States Government has awarded the company contracts for installing the system in Alaska, and the Cubaa
Government has given the company the privilege for installing the system in that Republic, which will communicate with plants
Enabling, as it does, communication with vessels at sea, travellers at sea may be in constant
The two magnificent new Marconi stations recently o
respectively, form the nucleus of the system which may embrace the entire region of the GREAT LAKES. The Great Lakes
and, by reason of the enormous shipping interest on those inland

It is estimated that one Marconi station will earn $830,650 per year net, or 12 per cent. on the entire capital stock, and
with fourteen stations, the number of Transatlantic cables in operation, earnings would be over $10,000,000 per annum net, or
150 per cent. on its capital stock, which would make the stock worth at least 1,500 per cent. above par.
American Transatlantic stations are to be divided equally with the English Company, and the revenues of the English
Transatlantic stations are to divided equally with the American Company.

The possibilities of increase in the value ofsccuritics of this character are illustrated by the followin

ft Shares, which sold ut $4,000 cesh within one year after they were first offered at $100; purchasers of the shares
of the Edison Illuminating Company, a corporation doing business only in New York City, made over 600 per cent. on the

 

There are no Bonds or Preferred stok every Stockho!der being on an equal basis.

 

SOME COMMENTS OF THE PRESS:

Lesiie’s Weekly, Sept. 10, 1903.
“Those who afe investing in the stock of
the Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of

to win great fortunes by the future Increase
Bell Telephone stock increased in value from

from 85.00, the present price, to over $1,000

| with'n 1 few years. Thus $100 invested now
| may become $25,000 within a decade. It is by
that the
| great fortunes have been made.”

That the Marconi System of Wireless Telegraphy is the ‘greatest invention of all ages’ will be readily recognized, and
that it is the most promising field for investment now before the American public will be conceded by all thinking people.

We are enabled to offer only a limited amount of deposit certificates issued by the Continental Trust Comp any of New
York, representing $5.00 of the stock of the MARCONI WIRELESS TELEGRAPH COMPANY OF AMERICA at par.

An carly remittance is requested, as the

In subscribing for certificates make subscriptions payable to F. P. Ward & Co.
We will be pleased to furnish full and complete information, including prospectus, descriptions, etc., ete.

F. P. WARD & COMPANY,

Land Title & Trust Ballding, Philadelphia, Pa.
Farmers Bank Building, Pittsburg, Pa.
Royal Insurance Co. Bullding, Chicago, Ill.

e profits to the investors, ranging from hundreds
ned to be the most useful and profitable, is the Wireless

that have been made with the Marconi System in the
It is no longer an experiment,

any during the 25 years of its existence have
been over $200,000; those who bought Eastman Kodak shares when first offered may now live comfortably without work

N. Y.
PITTSBURG,
selling now in London for $18.
ARKCON) WIRELESS TELEGRAPH! in value of those stocks, as well as through
pom as the dividends earned and paid in the interim,

ROBERT GOODBODY , of Robert Geodbedy & Ce., Bank-
CYRUS 8. SEDGWICK, of Hall Signal Co., New Yerk.

GRIGGS, fermer Attorney-General

 
   
   
  
   
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
    
  
  
      
 

to thou-

but certain to be
artment, by Lloyds,
n no seagoing craft

ned at Milwaukee and Chicago,

The revenues of the

examples: Edison

Pittsburg Dispatch, Oct. 10, 1008.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.--Sixty warships of the
British and 20 of the italian navy are r uipped
with the apparatus of the Marconi Fivelenm
Telegraph Company. Nearly 40 great trans-
atlantic liners use the Marconi, enablin
travellera to communicate with the Jand a!
will On a recent voyage of the Lucania
more than $80 was collected in tolls. In-
stallation of iniand stations is progressing
ily. There are stations at Milwaukee
and Chicago, and others will soon be erected.
The purchase of the Marconi Wireless Tele-
graph Company of America promises to bea
profitable investment, and F. P Ward & Co.,
PI ARUES) are offering a limited amount for
sale.

) Cer-
price of these certificates will be materi-

CORRESPONDENTS OF
MUNROE & MUNROE,
Now York.

Managers fth: Unde writicg Syrd'oate
Marounl Wireless Tel g-apb C.mpany cf
Ame) ca, |

 

Rock Island.

We have in press an exhaustive Special
Letter on this stock. Send for it.

W. E. WOODEND & C0.,

BANKERS AND BROKERS,
M mb isN. ¥.Cors Wisted Stock Exch nee,
BROAD EXCHANGE BLDG, .5 BROAD ST
STOCKS, BONDS GRAIN AND COTTON.

Ay ( RW st ibl ty-third strect
CITY JH tTE. te tt W st Sist st
BRANCHES } im? Bi Bldg Brooklyn
D ily Markt Litter and Weikly Roviw Issued.

 

 

Member N, Y. Consolidated Stock Exchange,

WALL ST. EX. BLDG.,
49 Exchange Place.

tocks, Bonds & Grain.

 

  

At

o °
Htamourg-fmerican.
Bi-Weekly i win Screw Service.
oh eee ant i H i A ‘tach! an ’ 12, i AM

® e .Nov.7.8PM/Blgr vy Nov itt PM
ey grilroomoos gym. stum oo boord

Mediterranean Service
By bith pee 1 wines Ww Stenmo rs

|

First Cabin 860, 675, #00, Upward
amr

|

  

 

Aceording to eam
S. S. Deutschland to Italy.
LESS JHAN 8 DALS TON APLES

Around the World.

PumiaAl

the thy Zaid \
Fe aniha Lr) upwar

4 months ip, 61,435 ard.
AMBUG- AMERICAN LIN,
7 odie ‘

Omees Ma eT |

   

  

 

fam Walsh's Seat Goes to His Bon,

The New York Stock bachange seat
of Samuel A. Walsh bas been ported for
transfer to Samuel A. Walsh, Jr. Mr
Walsh, senior, has been oe of the best
known and moat active traders 11 the Stock

lachange ad te credited with havirg
amassed a large forture To tie fellow
brokers he i» familiarly known as ham
Walal He joined the Btock kachange

op April 24, 1671

 

ae rue
| Wintemute Printing Company
Bee eee on livre machines

n ' ”
Reve You give ‘We the order

running day and night ‘
rl -plght "we show you proof "A

service you desire’ Our reputation
prompiuese ie abaviulely without ao + ale

tle morn
ever order “in Vie eflernous jo tale the
lad o .

WALL STREET

SECURITIES
Bought and Sold on Margin.

GEO. W.HARRIS& CO.

Me:nbers of Consolidated Stock Exchange,
MAIN OFFICE: NO, 80 BROADWAY.
P AEBONG No, 5310 Broad.
rivate ‘Phone to All Uranches: §
Lysth St. and gd Ave,, Bronx. STOCKS
123 West 125th St, New York. : 8
lis] Bway, Cor, 28th St, N.Y.
32 West 38d St., New York.
Howery Bank Bullding

¢
‘BONDS &
St., Brooklyn. é
io Broa mate POBKIviY ‘GRAIN.

Commercial Trust Bldg, Jersey City. $
Send for SPECTAL Letter on

“SUPPLY AND DEMAYD "

also Srectal par let,

‘rivate wire to
PHILA, BALT.

Stanley B. McLean, ‘THE STORY OF SUGAR

vr
JOBOKEN, NEWARK,

 

J. L. McLEAN & CO.

BANKERS,
Stocks, Bonds and Investments,

25 Broad St., New York.

CITY BRANCHES: —
445 Madison ay. near Haat Seth of
Spring at., corner Broadway.

Orders execuieu for Inveatment of om margin
Send for our

MANUAL OF VALUES,

eontaining 1,000 pages. giving comparative prices
and earnings for atx years. This volume la very
useful and valuabie, but will be sent FREE; also
our Weekly Letter, upon application.

Private wire connecting Our branches at

Philadeipula, aad intermediate poles Bastes

 

Successful Traders, keep well informed.
To do so, read our page

“GUIDE TO INVESTORS " and
“DAILY MARKET LETTER.”

looned gratis—Malled free.

 

went HAIGHT & FREESE CO.

‘STOCKS, BONDS, GRAIN, COTTON,

| 53 BROADWAY, NEW YORK,

| ‘Determining ‘be ehoracier oad finopcial re
| eponaivility of your Kroger le aa importaat ae
aclection of right stocks

Mow bm. Hdd bO LOCH sy be, :
| mae ort eb Mahde HE ome
ais WEST 125TH $f.
BRANCH § 39 FAST 4ab ST.
OFFICES: 12 EAS! 23D Sf,

( TEMPLE BAR BLDG, ORLA
| STOCKS—-CRAIN-—COTTON,

anise MSHA Si

TH, LEARY & 60.

BANKERS AND BROKERS,
Membi rs N.Y. © na itdat d Siock Exchange,
41 and 43 Wall Street, New York.
Drexel! Building, Philadelphia.

STOCKS, BONDS,
GRAIN, COTTON.

DAILY MARKET LETTER AND W
REVIEW ISSUED, PASE

CONSOLIDATED STOCK EXCHANGE SEAT
FOR SALE. F. P.. ROOM 106,60 BROADWAY.

 

PROPOSALS.

PPA APRA RAD A.

AQUEDUCT COMMISSIONERS’ OFFICE
Kkoom No. 207,
Stewart Bullding. Ne 280 Broadway,
New York, October 16, 1903.
TO CONTRACTORS: ;

Bids or proposals for do} the work and fur-
nishing the materials called for in the approved
form of contract now on file in the office of the
Aqueduct Commissioners, for cuttin Umber
end clearing the grounds on the Croton River
Division of the new Croton Reservoir, will be re-
ceived at this office until twelve o'clock noon,
on Thursday, November 5, 1908 They will be
publicly opened by the Aqueduct Commissioners
as soon thereafter as possible, and the award of
the contract for doing sali work and furnishing
the materials required will be made by said Com
missioners as soon thereafter as practicable.

Blank forms of said approved contract and the
specifications thereof, and bids or proposais and

AP AA

|

|

proper envelopes for their enclosure, form 0! |
nds, and all other information can be obtained
at the above office of the Aqueduct Commis

sloners on application to the Secretary
For further particulars see City Kecord, pub
Wahed at No. 2 City Hall
By order of the Aqueduct Commigsioners.
WILLIAM H. TEN EYCK, President
HARKY W. WALKER, Seeretary.
FORT MYER, Va., Oct. 28, 1908.--Sealed pro
posals, In triplicate, for constructing Blacksmith
shop, Guardhouse and Extension to Riding Hall,
will be recefved until 10 A. M., Nov. 21, 1908. The
U.S. reserves right to reject any or all bids or any
part the eof. information on application. En
velopes containing bids should be indorsed "Pro
Rn for dulldings,” addressed Capi. W. F. CLARK,

 

    

BUSINVAS CHANCES,

|
|
|
|

DESIRE PARLY 1O INVES! $y, catablisnes |

business, large returns; eaccilent oppurtunity
Address PROPITABLE, box 20, Sun Haslem office
241 West $24th st

 

MILLINKBY AND DBEASMAKING.

PALE RAL AAP ADL ALAA ELLA PS

DRESSMAKING and aiiduery learners Waated
birt walat and skirt patiems cut
Mondays, Weduesdays and Fridays
FLL's, 6th av, between |0th and Wth ats

MoDOW

 

CLOTHING.
~~
GEVTLEMBY 8S OLUTH ING woo der, $1

 

 

wees)

 

 

pay nents EXCHANGE CLOTHING CO, 29
sroadway 190 , 'ake @levator
LY
4 LAWYEEs.
* 1 Troadway, room
BOARDERS WANTED.
Went tide

ATTRACTIVE SUITES, sin inp
rapes aie ‘ j references as deed "vy,
a

wih of reff,

 

 

~

Night School |

weer ee ompiel bros, Ce, Se oth n. as ”

 

HOTELS.—CITY.

Number Twelve

Fifth Avenue,

 

 

Adjacent
Washington Arch.

Select Apartment Hotel
JUST COMPLETED.

Designed especially for
exclusive families and bachelors.

Suites of one to six roems,
with baths.

Private Telephones.
High Grade Service.
Office now open.

 

 

70 @ 72 | Klegantly furnished apart-

E WEST ment, parlor, bedroom and

Ath ST. | bath, Including meals for

two, $35 weekly. New and

GALLA Tl N up-to-date. Telephone, etc.
9 | Transients,
FOR SALE.

“oe

SUVIO

warms Iharaney Peo-
le who are looking
‘or economy and con- @
venience should try
BUVIO. No work, no
ashen, no dust; abso-
lutely odorless. Try
BUVIO before taking
up any old-style
heating apparatua

 

Blame on ton of
every Suvio Heater

Price, 81,26, 91.50, 62.00.
Zee-Neet Gas Heater SOc. Up.

Beautify your home.

*SUVLIGHT,”’ “

 

  
 
  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  

Gas Billa,
Blackens Mantles.

T5c., 61.00, 61.50.

Suvlight Burner, 30¢.

Samples put up on
request
MANTLES, 10C, UF.

A Liberal doiseunt io tie Trade.
Sold Everywhere, or

SUVIO HEAT & LIGHT CO.,
1079 3d ayv., and 50 Park Place, N. Y.

CITY REAL ESTATE.

A neronnnnrnrnenrnnnenss
ABOVE 14TH 8T., 8TH AV. TO NORTH
RIVER.

AR ees OS eee, eel lela

LONG ACRE SQUAKE DISTRICT, 49th at., near
6th av.—4-story 20-foot dwelling; 500

rice, 1,
easy terms. ALFRED MUNSON, 21 Collths Place;
Flushing

 

 

APARTMENTS TO LET—FURNISHED.
ABOVE 14TH 8T., WEST SIDS.

 

 

 

 

rn

70 & 72 | Elegantly furnished apart-

WEST ment, lor, bedroom aad

toch ST. | bath, Including meals for

two, weekly. Now ead

G ALL ATIN up-to-date, ‘Telephone, etc.
9| Transients.

     

HELP WANTED—FEMALES.

Artificial Flowers—Small girls and
learners wanted—paid while learning.
H. HOFHEIMER & CO,,
626 Broadway,

NN
GOVERNESSES for exo lent ev) agernents, Now
York, Washington, Lakew and Boston; gov-
erness, $55; companion-nurse to go SYoula, mother's
assistant, French, German teachers wautcd. [a3
HOPKINS’ AGENCY, Lincoln Building, i and 8
Union Square. Best recommended, most con
sclentiousivy conducted aceney in New York.

 

HELP WANTED—MALES.
AAA ADDR ARLE APL LDR
1G MAN, of good uddi ess, as retail sales
man in gas and electric xture establishment;
one acguainted with architects and decorators
preferied; state past expertence and references,
Rov. FF. bow 280 Net Broadway

50 TALL, WIL DRESSED MEN for the stage.
Apply Bra dy's Hall, 185 West 126th st., Sunday,
at il o'clock .

GEO, R. WHITE.

~

 

AYO!

   

SITUATIONS WANTED—MALES.
“MIAN ‘wishes a posiion Ip a wholesale
pest of references and

YOUNG MAN wishes @
house as all around man;

bonds If neces: ry ‘oh st,

   

AN
PIANOS TO RENT.
BRIGGS, KROEGER,
ANY UThibi LEADING MAKES.
Also bargains tn second haud pianos; cash or

{ratinents, easy terms tuning and repairing
Boll, CH. DITION & OO. 867 Broad wav (18th st.)

FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET,

Se

 

 

ae

 

LEXINGTON AV., 608, near 584 st.—A sulte of
two fron) aid one Iarge back room: attrac Byely
furnished; open replace, hot and cold water and
use of buto. breakfasts tf des lred: references os
chang do RO ROVESSON

 

wot vo bo

44TH ST. 120 W.- Pleasant rooms; One tall
conventent Grand Central Station, all theatres
reasono bl

CHARMING SUITE

 

 

West pid

 

fhree rooms on 4
at. Por particulars vall 477 West 221 at
= 5 — : Parra ad
MEDICAL.
ARARADRARAAAN RADIAL ARAN nnn
PUBLIC NOLIE
Dr. LR Willian s, 166 W. 3étu St., the worlds

goer test Specialist, continues to successfully en’
Stri cure, Prostatic Troubles, Blood roles n
wervous Denilicy, Varii@ ele (without operatlo

and (1) Men's Diseases; is 30 years of succesaf |
eres svoinegutrantee Consult hm ft ee to diy

 

Branch Offices

The

BAILY—SUNDAY - EVENING

  

 

Advertisomenia and Sabecrip-
(lone may be loft at these ocean,
where the rates are the same as
theese chasged at mais vG@ecoe

NEW VORK CITT, 1303 Broadwa;
pear anth St., 441 West 126th >»:

BBOUKLYN, 312 Wasbiagion ss
a4: t

witen At.

LONG 1ah AND OFF, ¥. » '
Werden Ave. KN. ; F
‘ORTON, BASS,, Koom Gleb

idia. Wasksasson Street *
o.

Pdarr ioe

’ 9 Ore, 3, 104 nand Bue:

es fan 1e03-1@04 Tr:
bese ie id a, Ge t Pehern

 

 

Other advertisements
under these classifications
will be found in Third

R