a en ne een at a CEL ee aS eS ay

 

¥
®
@
j
i

ne a REN

Seyret ae

ne

—

 

|
|
|

ONDARY.

 

, MAP OF THE LINE AGREED UPON

BY THE COMMISSION.

Peints of the Dispute Between Canada
and the United States—-Parts of the
, Line SU te Be Delimited, According
te fustructions of the Tribunal,

Thie cketeh map shows with approximate
accuracy the boundary line het ween Alaska
end Canaca as fixed by the international

tribuna! \long some stretches of the
boundary, as, for example. that between
Portland and Lynn carags the line can-

not yet be laid down with exactness on any
map because it folows few designated
natural features, the tribunal having con-
fined itaelf to che mention of only those
distinctive mountains along whose slopes
the line must pans

The boundary begins at Cape Muzon,
the southwestern point of the Prince of
Waies archipelago. One of the first ques-
tions that arose when the boundary dis-
pute began was through what particular
waters the line should be drawn from ite
place of origin

There was no mention in the treaty of
1825 of drawing the line straight east about
aixty miles to Portland Cara!, and for
several years the Canadian authorities in-
misted that as there was doubt as to the
Portland Caral. the line

 

 

 

  

  
 

go inland, all of his work being done, in fact.
from the deck of his ship

On his charte a beautifully continuous
range of mountains is shown skirting the
coast at about thirty-five miles back
from the shore. This range was proposed
by the Russians in 1825 asa suitable natural
boundary

The suggestion was accepted by the
British, with the modification that wherever
the summit of thease mountains should
prove to be more than ten marine leagues,
or about thirty-five statute miles, from the
ocean the boundary should be a line parallel

, with the windings of the coast and never

more than ten marine leagues from it
About 1901 a survey of this region was

| undertaken by the United States and Canada

jointly, but it was agreed that t!e two par-
ties should each work independently of the
other, eo that more ground migiit be cov

ered, each Government to receive the re-

| sults of the work of the other

The result of this survey waa to prove,

| at least to the satisfaction of those repre-

 

senting the United States side of the con-
troversy, that therange of mountains shown
on Vancouver's map does not exist
tains there are in plenty, but they are
seattered about in absolute irregularity,

Moun- |

generally increasing in height toward the |

east, but nowhere simulating a range except
inthe northern extremity of the territory
ynder consideration, where the Fairweather
range is found; and also for a short distance
in the neighborhood of the White and Chil-

 

 

 

identity o! | koot passes.
should pass north between Prince of Wales, The Vancouver range was therefore
Island and the mainiand to the fifty-sixth | eliminated as an element in the boundary.
parallel, thus carrying the boundary to} In the intricacies of the dispute following
the west of the great Hevilla G g:do Island ! this discovery, the Canadians insisted
into Eurroughs Bay, and tlrowing the | that the boundary should be laid down by
island anda great block of the mainland j a line joining the mountains that are not
which we claimed under tie Canadian | more than thirty-five miles from the shore
jurisdiction { of the mainland coast without taking into

This contention was long and strongly , account the inlets that penetrate deep into
—— apn

ize

“Se

Q
>»

me 4 gi’
Se wt
Mer.
ons
*o ""9 ¢
Peet? W% A’
ee”) } 6 e hee
A 7\\ “e eh §
ware © 29908
YA ve «’ % \SK'AG Way
e K 9 te ° \ @ &
Seve cok El % ey
40° , { e
ne ey eY) eee, One
oN A

 

 

insisted upon by the Canadians, but was
finally given up as unreasonable and un-
tenable The tribunal decided that the
line must exrend straight east to Portland
Cana! or Channel

Here arore the second point of conten-
tion What «as meant in the treaty by
*the canal called Portland Caral”?

This desp narrow inlet ia divided near
the sea into two channels by four islands
midway between the shores: Pearse, Wales,
Bitklan and Kannaghunut islands. the two
latter being outermost and mere islets.
Our contention was that the southern
channe! thus formed was Portland Caral,
through which under the treaty, the
boundary was (o pass; and therefore the
four islands belonged to us

Canada contended that the northern
ehanne! was Portland Caral and the
four islands were, therefore, Canadian.

The tribunal has compromised this dis-
pute. The boundary passes into the north-
ern channel! between Wales and Sitklan
islands, so that Wales and Pearse islands
are assigned to Canada and Sitklan and
Kannaghunut to the United States

Portland Canal, np which the boundary
proceeds, does not extend quite to the fifty-
sixth parallel of latitude, mentioned in the
treaty of 1825, and the next question was
how line should be drawn between
the north end of the channel and the fifty-
sixth parallel Flowing into north
end of Portland Canal from neighbor-
ing mountains are two little streams. the
Salmon and Bear rivers, one coming from
the northeast and the other from the north-
west The tribunal has decided that the
boundary shal! extend in a straight bne
between rheae two streams to the fitty-sixth
parallel

North of this point began the vital diffi-
quities involved ii the dispute. [t was
in this region between Portland Canal
and the Fairweat..er range that the moun-
teins reported by YVancouve:
posed to be

Vancouver explored the northwest coast
ip the interests of the Britis!) Government
about 100 years ago He traversed the
estuaries and followed the windings of
the coast pretiy thoroughly, but did not

this

thea

WEDDINGIN THE COW COUNTRY

BIGGEST EVER, WITH ATHOUSAND
GUESTS T0 DINE.

KRanchmen, and the Tables
Tiree Ties Pathersine

Walters Were
Were Filed

Faw's Gilt to bridegroom a Partner-
slulp, House and Lot, silver and China.
Anoapia. Neb. Oct 22—-A_ wedding
fp the cow country is a social funetion
differing sumewhar ‘trom such feasts in
other parts of the world The biggest

affar of the kind wae pulled off here last

week, when Miss Pear! Wall, the daughter

of Join Wall, who, when he le not engaged
op hia big raneb or in lle venereal store
officiates as clerk of the Bale Hooume

1 Representatives, espoused Charla A
a clerk in her father's store

More than 1,000 persons witnessed the
geremony and partook of the big dinner
laid wfterwaid in the opera house = Plates

were \aui for S70, and three times were
the (ables filled and empilied |e ore all
woreled Mi Wal badalled upon his leg
la ative (Mende tor seooelenee, anda nun
ber of them. \noluding Benator Curie,
Renutor Fries and Kepresentative Barton
alficilated ae Walters and Calvorr The
father of the bride wae chief of «© af and
worved @ menu that comprined lwenty
diviee The long tables were dotted with

geal Oakes ond pine ie oot elleken,
reeal beet foael porke- }) luot, everything
thal the plomach of the Weotere maa vould

were sup- |

  

MAP SHOWING THE NEW ALASKA BOUNDARY.

|
|
|

|

}
|
|
|
|
{
|
|

|

| and other ranches

 

 

 

 

the land. If Canada’s contention had been
admitted she would, of course, have obtained
practically complete control of the estuaries,
waterways and harbors which afford natural
ways of entrance into the interior.

The tribunal has decided that the treaty
shall be interpreted to mean literally what
it says: the boundary shall be formed by
a line parallel to the winding of the coast.
This decision leaves all the inlets, of course,
in the possession of the United States.

The boundary to Lynn Canal must now
he defined in accordance with the broad
and little detailed instructions given by
the tribunal, which has decided that it shall

lenter and rebuke the people for merry-

 

extend to Mount Whipple, cross the Stikine |

River about twenty-four miles from its
mouth, proceed to Kate’s Needle, Devil's
Thumb, &c.

In the Lynn Canal region the boundary
coincides practically with the temporary
arrangement provided by the modus vivendi
of 1899; in other words, it followe the water
parting between tha voast and the Yukon
drainage systems, crossing the White and
Chilkoot passes and leaving in our possession
the Dyea, Skagway and Pyramid Harbor
ports of entry.

At ita northern end the Lynn Canal
splits into two very narrow arms, one of
them running in a northwesterly direction
to Pyramid Harbor and known as the
Chitcat Iniet, the other arm running in @
northerly direction to Skagway and Dyea,
Canida long ago offered to surrender all
claims to Skagway and Dyea if Pyramid
Harbor were conceded to her, but she is
fated to be without any footing on Lynn
Caral, one of the most important approaches
to the Kiondike,

Tothe west of Lynn Cana! the boundary
line proceeds somewhat circuitously, ac-
cording to the windings of the coast, to

i the Fairweather range, and thence along

the coast to Mount St. Elias, where there
was nothing left to settle From that
point the boundary follows the 14Ist meri-
dian weet of Greenwich to the froaen # a,
and the position of the meridian has already
been fixed by a scientific survey

In this sketch map no attempt has
been made to show the mountain features
with which the region is crowded

 

desire. There was no 7daté de foi graa or
fancy cooking but there was plain home
cooking and plenty of it

Out in this country the great middle class
is unknown. Everybody ia either rich
or a cowboy, and, whether rich or a cow-
boy, all were invited to the feast. Two
hundred cowboys rode in from the Wall)
Some were in “store”
clothes, but most were in their ranch out-
fits. Realizing that this event was un
usual, they trooped down to Wall's general!
store ind proceeded to fit themm] es out
They sat at the tables and had |! e@ pleas-
ure of bossing their own employers, most
of whom assisted Wall in waiting upon
his guest

One of the waiters owns 10,000 head of

| cattle, and another is rated asa millionaire,

Some of the guests rode forty miles to
atiend. One ranchman rode thirty miles
dressed in cowboy attire. On the norm
of bie raddle he carried a sult case and
when he touched Wall's atore be backed
into @ corner and obanged

Atter the big supper the village orenestra
took a place on a raleed platform and unti!
daybre: k (he hundreds of ypuerts danecrd
cowbove with Dridesmaide and neh rancl
yon with the daughters of the men who

| herd cattle for then

2

|

The bride ie 18 years ald and (le bridegroon

Ao wo wedding gilt Wali (oor tur eon
lin law jnte partoerehip bh Chie plore ave
bio « howe aod lot. etoched the donat
vith chinw and gave a trupkful of eilver
The wedding gifte were mo nuteroue thal
he had to open a vacant sloreruois, whieh
they entively filed

They do things on @ big scale Ww the gow
ouay

| for each horse's expenses

'
COUDITY

ASUPPRESSED FILIPINO PLAY,

 

 

ite Author Was Sent to Jall for Twe Years
--1 Relates tne Strugaies ef the Taga-
iges for Linerty ~The Theatre Crowded
at Its Performances—skeich of Plot.

Henry Swift, chaplain of the Eighteenth
United States Infantry, now in the Philip-
pines, has sent to a friend in this country
an account of a play, which when it was
produced was the cause of excitement in
Manila He thinks that it illustrates the
sentiment prevailing among the Tagalogs.
Night after night the theatre where it was
performed was crowded and the spectators
were stirred almost to the frenzy point.
The play was finally suppressed, and the
author tried and sentenced to two years’
imprisonm: Nn.

The opening scene of “Yesterday, To-day
and 7'u-morrow,” as the play is called, repre-
sents a smal town outeide of Manila at the
time of the Chinese 16zime of the Boy King.
The inhabitanta of the town under the |
leadership of Asalhayop, or the Beastly One,
a ative who is friendly to the usurping
power, are drinking and feasting.

Tagalog, the hero, and his mother, Inang-
bayan, the Filipino Columbia or Britannia,

making while their country lies prostrate
at the feet of the invader. Ff

A back drop curtain is raised, disclosing
the tombs of Tagalog soldiers. Inang-
bayan accuses the revellers of dishonoring
their noble dead, but, led an by the Beastly
One, they receive her rebukes with jeers,

In the sewond act Tagalog ieads the people
on the stage and urges Liem to recover their

liberty, thus:
Taguiog -Would ye recover from the enemy
this fair land whieh they usurped from our

fathers?

People -Yea! Yea!

Vayatog ~Yhen come: let us arm ourselves.

Tie Beastly One overhears the plot and
reveals it to the Chinese leaders. They
reward him with money and give him a
bronze badge, which is to serve as counter-
sign and safezuard.

But Inangbayan is witness of his treach-
ery, and in tie next scene, when he pre-
tends to enter into the plans of Tagalog,
sie denounces jiim. He is searched and
the telitale badge and money are found.
Tagalog, despite the cries of mercy from
the people, condemns the Beasily One to be
burned alive

A pyre is lit in full sight of the audience
and a dummy figure of the Beastly One
cast upon the fire,

“Tagalog people,” the hero says, as the
figure burns, “do you see how tils body is
licked by flames? Wlosoever does as he
did siial! meet alike fate. [swear it.”

In a battle that follows on the stage
the Chinese are ingloriously beaten and
the bov king hilled

S oitly after this a Spanish army, led
by Dehumpalay and Espana enter. They

roiise the people liberty and a covenant
is made between the leaders, each drink-
ing tie other's blood, But the Spaniards
soon break fait.

“Alas!” laments Tagalog, “it is our iot
to weep both mg tandday. Wegive then
all we have, and in return yet only death.”

Dahumpailay e@titecs

* Tagalog,” he demands, “where is your
tribute to t'@ king?”

Tagalog draws forth a coin and caste it
contemptuously at the feet of Dahumpalay.
He is put in ciiains and seitenced to deati.
The people, led by Inangbayan, enter and
plead for Tagalog

Dahumpalay demands their money, then
ewels, their clothes, and finally even

their

the sioes from their feet. The people
strip toemselves, and naving received
assirance that Tagalog will be released
pass out

Luhvmpalay intends to release Tagalog,
and then have him rearrested and put to
death But when he starts to unbind
Tagalog, the latter turns upon him and
giavs him.

flere a dummy figure isa substituted
for Dahumpalay. The hero changes clothes
with the dead man and then, asa matter of
precaution, burns his late rival's face be-
yond any chance of recognition. Then
he says

The traitor is dead Aa] killed the Beastly
One, so now have I killed Dahumpalay, and
eo will I destroy every traitor that crosses |

i
me $$ ee

tiny path ] will drown then in the waves of

my indignation, J will burn them in the

WHITNEY QUITS ENGLISH TURF

 

Trainer Huggins, Too, Anxtous to Retarn
Because of Tl Health—Stable Abroad
Lately Conducted at a Loss —Vole
odyovski’s Derby Chief Success.

William C Whitney, after a long and
expensive campaign, has decided to quit
the English turf. In the course of the next
few months many of his valuable thorough- |
brede will be brought back to this country,
while the rest will probably be sold to the |
highest bidders. In withdrawing from |
the Bigiish racetracks Mr. Whitney has
expressed regret; but he gives various
reasons for his action, chief among which
is that he has not the time to devote to
his operations on the other side, in view
of the maintenance of a big stable in this
country aud his interests in the Saratoga

track
Mr. Whitney is an enthusiastic turfman.

He likes to see bis horses run and be near
them He wants to be within hailing
distance of his fine breecing establishment
in Kentucky, La Belle Stud; and conse-
quently he has found it difienlt to enjoy
the performances of his thoroughbreds
abroad. His trainer, John Huggins, who
has had charge of bis horses in England,
is not in good health and desires to come
back to this country and asa; Mr. Whitney
does not know of a man who can success.
fully fill the place of Huggins, he gives
this as another reason for his abandon-
ment of the campaign acroas the ocean,
Turfmen who have been to the
tracks say that Huggins bas been anxious
to return to America for some time past.
They aver that Mr Whitney's trainer has
not gotten along very barmoniously with
some of the English owners who were
piqued becase they were not “let in” on
various secrets of the stable Whether
ths is 80 or bet, Huggins is coming back,
and soys that he will be supremely happy
when he can look once more upon the stare
of the American turf, Some time ago
Huggins made the remark that to conduct
a first-class racing stable in bngland an
owner had to pay an average of $65 a day
This high rate
is due to the tact that (he English meetings
are conparalively short and that @ con-
stant shipping of horses from one track
in consequence

 

to another im becéreary

Jn view of this statement it is reasonable
to inter that Mr Whitney hae been under
a beavy expense and that although he

has won ou fuirebare of ptahes and puraen, |
his rehasbeenron eta financial lows
beers tortinan invades bkogland
ie frod WA) an ambition to win the Derby,
the bloe sibben event of the turf in that
My Whitney when he Aret
branched out in bogland several years ago,
openly deelured that he wanted, to win
the Derby aod hie wih wae Nnally gratitied
io bwol runping iw ble
colore, DU leased trom Lady Meux, finished |
in front ‘The ool was ridden by Laater +
Keif. While «a number of minor stakes |

ent

who

When Volodyoveki

THE SUN.

    
 

 

|
Fngish |

‘ahout a ehange of luck

    

 

—

 

Later, the Spaniards, coming upon
mutilated body, rejoice, thinking it is the
body of T . The people, like wise
deceived, assemble to avenge him. Tagalog
enters.

Tagolog—Let us uphold our righte and
destroy ‘he perjiurers who broke the solemn
oath we drank in blood.

srengbayan-—S @ have no forts.

Tagalog—Are hg our strong breasts forts?

Jnonghayan-—We have no guns

Tagalog—The virtue of forbearance, our
determination, our love of honor, the union
o! our hearts, are more efficacious than all the
guns and cannon in the world

The Peopie—To arma! To arms!

In the next scene /nangbayan is captured
by the Spaniards, who bury her alive.
Tagalog and his men come to the rescue,
repulse the Spanish and dig up /nangbayan
who is still alive. The leaders of the Span-
ish and a friar, who were captured in the
battle, are cast into the grave from which
Inangbayan has just been rescued.

At this gens the orchestra strikes up
“The Star ngled Banner*” and Bagong-
sitoland Malaytanin, representing the United
States, and oarrying American ,

| upon the stage.

Bagongsitol — Wherever our eagle files,
slavery is banished. Wherever our stars shiné
liberty ond abundance prevail.

Malaytanin—We will conduct thee to the
highest pace among the nations of the unl-
verse, [To Tacalog} Let us be united
Embrace me

Tagalog accepts. but with an air of dis-
trust.

Inangbayan—If ye are false, woe unte ye!

Bagonpaitol—1 will defend thee.

Tanalon—Time will tell Let us eee

The People—Let us see.

The scene is changed to a forest, where
Inangbayan and a number of women are

embroidering a large blue flag with a new —

moon surrounded by stars.

Inangbayan—Maidens, beloved daughters,

let your hearts rejoice. Our humiliate
honor shall be raised this night. Whether
Bagongettol likes my determination or not,
this banner shall wave.

Tagalog ap , and is explaining the
symbolism oP the hag when Malaylanin
is seen approaching. The women quickly
gather up their flag and flee. ;

Tagalog approaches Malaytanin and
pinata for the independence of his people,
arguing that they are fORy capable of de-
fending themselves and able to stand alone
Malaytanin sooffe at him.

In the next scene a military officer re-
ports to Tagalog that everything is in
readiness; cannon, electric balls, movable
[RFeRORROLR: rifles, soldiers, provisions,

C.

Tapalog—"Tis well. If independence in
denied us we will Beatege Manila and wage
war. If they are deaf to our prayers we will
destroy all who resist us.

A vision appears to Begongsvot He
sees the American eagle wounued by Inang-
bayan, and when he attempts to Interfere
the ghosts of the dead rise up, crying:

“Before our tombs thou didst
that some day thou wouldst give to us
our liberty
perjurers ”

While Bagongsitol is atill pondering over
this vision Tagalog, accompanied by &
crowd of children, again pleads for inde-
pendence. Bag ongsitol dismisses him with-
out an answer. :

In a dialogue between Tagalog and his
mother at the opening of the next acene
he asks:

“Art thou not a widow?”

Inanghayan—No. Thy father
ia called Calaysan, [Liberty

Trg sloa—But he is dead
geen hia corpse

Inonebayan—Simple one’
immortal

Teg?! @ ~And where is he?

Inangbayan, under the symboliem of a
seed sprouting into a plant, tel’s a prolix
and tedious story of the birth aid growth
of Liberty. In conclusion she says:

In the town of Malolos [the insurgent
capital) we enriched the plant. It was nur-
tured and incena® waa burnt in ita honor.
But one day the storm broke and the flowers
withered and the petals fell.

Tegileg -Rejoice, for our flower will take
root and rise again

Tnunochayen—The sun has set

Tagiicg—But the new moon and stars will
rise. Come.

Boys, ehouiing: “Liberty!” rush on the
atage from al) sides and gather about Taga-
log, who, with drawn sword, advances to
meet the Americans. /‘oross the back
of the stage paases the Philippine army,
infantry, artillery, engineera and am-
bulanee corps

For a long time Tagalog pleads with the
Americans in vain. Finally the children
erowd forward and unite in prayers for
Nberty.

Bagongsifol can no longer resist when he
finds even the children animated with the
love of libertv. He declares the people
to be henceforth free and independent.

And so, with loud hurrahe for’ liberty
and the Filipinos, the curtain drops.

He
Mine eyes have
Thy father is

lives

were won by Mr. Whitney, the only really
big event put down to hia credit, outside of
the Derby, were the Cambridgeshire Stakes,
in 1901 and 1902, which went to Watershed
and Ballantrae, respectively. In 1900 Mr.
Whitney's share of stakes and purses
amounted to about $12,000: but in 1901 he
stood second on the list with about
$100,000. Sir J. Blundell Maple being first,
with about $106,000. Last year there was
a marked falling off, the total earnings of
the stable being close to $27,000. So far
this season the success of the Whitney
horses has not been pronounced.

Gilpin trained Mr. Whitney's horses at
first. He purchased a number of horres
from @ consignment sent to England by
J. B. Haggin, and also bought the celee
brated race mare Spectrum. Pierre Loril-
lard, who was the most successful Ameri-
ean turfrran that ever raced in Britain,
had taken Huggins over to train for him,
and when he died the trainer took charge
of Lord William Beresford’s horrer. Upon
the death of the latter Mr. Whitney dis-

ensed with Gi'pin's services and engaged

Tuggins at a large salary. It was at this
time that Volodyovski and other horses
were leased from Lady Meux. Huggins
had the American bred horeer Luke Ward
Kilmarnock, Hel tein and others placed
in his care, and after the winning of the
Derby by Volodyo ssi Mr, Whitney was
so encouraced that he dacided
over his colt Nasturtium in tle fall of 1901
to run in the Derby of the following vaar.
Nasturtium, by Waterere 6—Mirrerique,
had been jomby purchased by Mr. Whitney
and Mr. Haggin from A. La. Aste for $50,000,

| and when he won the Flatbush Stakee he

wars proncunced, not only the best two.
year-old of the year, but also one of the
neet youngsters that had ever
through a bridle

Nasturtium wae accordingly shipped to
Fneland in sumptuous ovarterr, with the
hopes of American turfmen pinned to him
Huggina took him in hand, but early In
the spring the unwelcome news was cabled
that the Watercrere co't had broken down
hopelersly and could not race. Tt was
the hiewert kind of a dirappointment te
Mr. Whitney, who, conrecuently, had no
reprorentative in the Derby lart year
Nasturtium waa soon rent hack to this
eourtry and wae retired to the etre

Rarry Payne Whitney and HOB. Duryea
purchased the two-vear-old Acefull [ast
season from John K. Madden, and the Mirth-
ful colt waa sent over to Hugine to be
prenyrad for tls veor'e Derby He ran
unplaned in Mr. Duryea’s name, but the
elder Mr Whitney naturally felt an interest
in him. Tilia aethack was considered a
sort of last straw, aa much had heen ex-
pected of the winner of the Junior Cham-
pion Stakes at Gravesend

At virions timas Mr Whitney's horses
were ridden by Tad Sloan, Lester and John
Reif. and Nash Turner Laat winter
Slaeta Martin waa engaged to ride for
the Whitnew stable at a @alary of $20,000,
{tis said He will not be reengaged

When Hueging arrives here he will enjoy
arest) Rumor has it that it will not he
at all surprising if he takes charge of the
Whitney horses on Metropolitan tracks
in oluae of John Wo Rovers. who haa heen
training for Mr Whitney here fora number
of yeare While no definite information
ean be gleaned on thie point, the rumor
will nat down, In spite of the fact that
Rogere ie in favor Those who pereLit
in miking the statement say that the per-
formanees of the Whitey horses here on
the wtola. have been rather disippolnting
and that Hugaine may be expected to bring
At any rate, Mr
Whitney will have much more time to de-

' volta to the Ameriean turf, where hie well
ee ee, ee ?

UNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.
tom of A grt potriotiam 1 ohuns;
the

ewear |

There is a God who will punish |

to send |

SULZBBRGER’S HOT CANVASS.

A NEW MAN IN POLITICS, BUT HE
QUICKLY MADE A AIT.

Blews Straight Vrom the Shealder That
Have Brought the Fusion Candidate
for Borough President te the Frent
samples of His Hot Shot at Tammany

 

 

When Cyrus L. Sulzberger was suggested
by some of his frieiida to the fusion leaders
as the right sort of candidate for Borough
President, the fusion leaders shook their

| heads and suid

“No, he is not known generally enough in
the city. He isa good hard-headed business
man, but he hasn't been before the public.”

| “But,” said Mr. Sulzberger's friends, “give
' hima chance and we assure you he'll make
| himeelf known, well and favorably, in lees
, time than many of the other candidates
who have had more experience.”

Mr. Sulzberger’s friends prophesied
truly. In the opinion of his admirers he is
the most striking new figure in the present
campaign. He has hit out from the shoulder

 

from the start in a straight, fearlese, manly
way. in a way not unlike Mr, Jerome, with
whom he appears to have many character-
istic pointe in common; and al] who have

 

CYRUS L. SULZBERGER.

heard him have recognized the force of the

blows ard have apy lauded.

In political faith Mr. Sulzberger is an

independent Dermocrat. “JI will] not,” he
| Said in one of his firet speeches when he
| accepted the Republican nomination on
' the fusion ticket, “abate one jot or tittle of
my support of the principles of the faith
| to which I belong.” “The Democratic
| party in New York,” he added in the same
‘ speech, “is so degraded that if you Repub-
‘licans think it a reproach, consider what it
| is to us that the expression of our party's
| principles should be made through a gang
which no adjective can describe.”

As a candidate for office, Mr Sulzberger
had never been before the people of the
city. As a matter of fact, one of the
salient features about Mr. Sulzberger is
his utter disregard for the mere holding
of office and for the benefits which ordi-
narily accrue to the officeholder. Persons
who have been associated with him for
| many years in Jewish charity work speak
| of that characteristic almost before any-
thing else.

“Why,” said one of his friends, “Cyrus
Sulzberger is the most peculiar man in that
respect I ever knew. On one occasion,
when a most important board had been
created in connection with one of thecharity
organizations with which he was promi-
nently associated, somebody asked, when
the board was organizing for business,
what it should be called

“‘Oh, interrupted Sulzberger, impa-
tienty, ‘call it the hiddledepiddles—now
let’a get down to business.’

“Again,” said this man, “when Sulzberger
was at one time elected chairman of a cer-
tain board, he insisted that everybody
else on the board should also be a chairman.
‘Only,’ said he, ‘let’s get this business out
of the way.”

Another friend told how he had said to
Sulzberger the other night:

“Cyrus, just what is the nature of the
office you're running for? What is the
salary connected with it?”

“I'll.be hanged if I know what the salary
is,” Mr. Sulzberger replied

Another man who knows Mr. Sulzberger
intimnately says that a man came to him
the other day to see him al out political
patronage. The patronage seeker ap-
proached Mr. Sulzberger diplomatically
at first. Mr Sulzberger failed to see the
point. Finally the man said:

“Say, Sulzberger, youll have some

| patronage to distribute, you know, if you're
| elected.”
“What's that? Will you please repeat,
| that?” siid the fusicn candidate with de-
| liberate emphasis on the “that” The
| man said good-day

Although Mr Sulzberger was never a
candidate for office before, he has had politi

heal @ p'riences in Harlem, He gave the
| Harlem Democratic C.ub a hard Jolt when,
after the Low-Van Wyck campaign, he
| resigned from membership in it after
having served for many years as one of its
trustees and as chairman of its campaign
| and executive committces and even as
president, because the club amended its
constitution against his wishes so as to
provide for a partisam stand in all munici-
pal affairs.

The club during the campaign had re-
fused to declare itself for either Low or
Van Wyck, but Mr. Sulzberger, in spite
of the fact that he was presivent of the
organization, presided at @ Low campaign

| meeting in Harlem and in other waye@ lent
|

 

his aid to the cause represented by Mr
i Low. Charges were preferred against him
in the club in consequence of his attitude,
but they were dismissed, and Jater the club's
constitution was amended # ase to fore-
ata!) any such eeeurrence in the future.
Then Mr. Sulzberger got out
“Because the club is @ coward,” sald he,
“ig no reason why I should Le a eoward,”
Mr Sulzberger alao (ook an active part
in the struggle for ballet reform In 1892
he was engaged in the unti-enap Campaign
and was a delegate to the Democratic
btate @ nvention at Byracuse in 1802
My bulzberger ie a welf-ioaie man He
was born of Jewish parents in Philadelphia
in 1868, and came to New York when 16
with eearcely @ cent in bh poeket an
started to work gaat boeeperin (he dry
| goods firm io Prince stioet of whieh he tp
now the head
He wanted inthe worst way
but wheo the proprietor of atore
asked bin to work of Baturday the Jew-

to

CM Hi oey

tlw

Babbath--he selused aud declesed

‘ have been a Sexton.

that he would not start at the job unless
they assured him that his opinion on this
subject would be respected. Mr. Sulz-
berger, it may be aaid here, will do no cam-
paign work on Friday night.

It i@ principally in connection with his
work in Jewish charitable enterpriese
and in Jewish religious organizations
that Mr. Sulzberger has been prominent.
His work in charita le matters, is of course,
known better on the East Side than in
any other part of the city. One of his
friends tells how he came from hie home
in Harlem one winter night, through the
slush and the rain, to relieve without delay
some Jewish immigrants who had tele-
graphed him that they were etranded up
the State. It is not uncommon for him to
drop everything else and rin down to the
East Side whenever he hears of a tenement
house fire or other calamity.

Mr. Sulzberger has a clean cut figure
of medium height and a strong face with
a firm, hard eet jaw. When he talks, in
ordinary conversation as well as in public,
his face has an expression of intense earn-
estness which, backed by the vigor of his
body and his voice, holds the attention.

“The fesues of this campaign,” said Mr.
Sulzberger, with characteristic tereeneas,
“are as elementary as the Ten Command-
ments. They are ccm:non honesty, com-
mon decency and common morality. Shall
we retain these sane principles of civili-
zation or shall we relapse into the barbarous
condition that prevailed under Tammany?
That's the only question at stake.”

Here are a few of the other things that
Mr. Sulzberger eaid, which are fair samples
of the features in his speeches that have
brought him forward as a clear, forceful
campaign speaker:

It was quite appropriate that the head
of the Tammany Health Department should
Five thousand people
were destroyed in one year, as the reduced
death rute in Mayor Low's administration

I shows.

 

|

 

 

 

Tammany has (esued circulars saying
that the fusion administration hasn't con-
victed a single Tammany official, This in
the first time an appeal to popular suffrage
waa ever made on the basis that the candi-
dates are out of jail.

McClellan says that Tammany Hall has
been as firm as a rock in the advocacy of
Democratic principles. That's probably the
reason why the Democratic convention of
1888 went wild when it was said of Cleve-
iand, “We love him for the enemies he has
made.”

Here is Tammany’s record when it should
have been partisan: In 1879 it defeated
Lucius Robinson for Governor by running
John Kelly, tn 1880 it knifed Hancock for
President; in 1884 it almost defeated Cleve-
land by supporting Ben Butler; {n 1888 it
succeeded tn carrying the State for a Demo-
cratic Governor and failed for Cleveland
for President, and in 1900 it didn't even carry
the city. A nice record of Democratic con-
sistency that for an organization that pases
ita claim upon {ts regularity.

pa

Grout talks about Tammany Hall having ,

cleansed itself in the past year. The people
cleansed themselves two years ago by throw-
ing Tammany out of power.

McClellan saya of the Van Wyck adminis-
tration that “we have nothing to apologize
for—ours is the honor.” Right, McClellan,
yours is the honor, the honor of Deveryisam,
the honor of Van Wreck, the honor of Scan-
nell and of the whole gang, and you'll tind
nobody to contest it with you. But you give
us at the same time a self written record
of what you regard as good government.

SAVING PATRICK MAHONEY.

On Wages of 612 a Month He Aocumolated
$4,800 In Thirty-two Years.

Densy, Conn., Oct. 24.—Patrick Mahoney
is the most economical man of whom the
State of Connecticut has any record. He
worked on a farm owned by Bennett Nichols
for thirty-two years and never received
more than $12 a month, yet he saved $4,800,
and he has taken the money and gone home

to Ireland to live.

In his youth he was brilliant in his studies,
especially in mathematics. For a time he
was a teacher. Then his mind gave way
from overwork.

Upon hia recovery he was told by his

hysician that if he tried to teach again

e would become insane and might never
be any better. He was advised to work on
a farm.

He came to America and began his out-
door life on Nichols'’a farm. He lived a
most frugal life and worked all the time,
rain or shine. Although living within six
miles of Bridgeport and three miles of
Derby he visited the former city only once
and this place probably only a dozen times
in the thirty-two years.

He used neither tobacco nor liquor, and
rarely spent a cent of his earnings. Thus
he drew $1 of his pay last April and on Oct.
1 had 23 cents of that dollar left.

All his savings were deposited in the
savings bank here. In the early daye the
bank paid 7 and 6 per cent. interest, and of
late years 5 and 4 per cent., so that it was
ai easy matter for the man, by depositing
the bulk of his earnings, to save the sum
he did.

The sum he has accumulated was not
gathered any too soon, as he is now almost
totally blin Yet a Jetter he has written
since he reached his old home shows a clear,
strong handwriting, a little cramped by
age. He said that all through his life he
had never stinted himself, for he had no
wate other than those which were supplied
by the farmer for whom he worked.

RUTH BRYAN'S HONEYMOON.

Some Very Frank Comments by an Ob
server in Kansas,

E.W. Howe in the Atchiaon Globe.

Atchison is a good town, and rather good
looking, but it waa not evident before that
it was ao attractive a bride und groom would
stop off on their wedding tour to visit it, but
this is what has happened; "W. H. Leavitt
and wife, Newport, R. 1..” was the entry
made on the register at the Byram yesterday
afternoon by & man, who disclosed, when he
lifted his hat to wipe his forehead, after the
uaual task of writing “and wife” afver his
name, that he was getting bald

He was accompanied by a very youn
loonin § girl, a half hoad taller than he, styl-
isbly dressed and rather pretty, and bearing
on her face 4 feature which disclosed her
identity; the Bryan mouth. She was, until
Saturday evening, Miss Ruth Bryan, daughter
of the 16 to 1 prophet, and waa en route with
her groom to Newport, R. J, In the evening
the bride and groom attended the Preaby-
terian Church, and there waa rubbering
when their identity became known, “The
rubbers in Kansas,” said the bride good-
naturedly to the night clerk at the Byrain,
upon her return after services, “are almost
as bad as they are in Nebraska.”

Mr. and Mra. Leavitt spent the morning
walking up and down Commerei and there
wus 4 suspicion for a time that they had
run out of funds and were waiting for money
to go on, but this was dispelled when they
left over the Burlington at noon for St. Jo

Boniehow the evidenthappinessof the bride
and bridegroom did not siike &@ responoive
chord in the Atchison heart There arose @
picture of the wedding at Lincoln Saturday
ight which they could not dispel, lt was
the termination of the old story of a wilful

irl, so determined to have her own way
fat she left home and stayed around with
the neighbors for two waeke till her parents
weakened and invited her over to come aud
wtay at their house and be @ oiwmber of the
family

When the preacher arose to perform the
marriage ceremony the mother of the bride
heft the roam, probably because ahe felt that
ashe would break down if she stayed, and the
guests baw her no more The father, with
two smaller ebildren, stayed the ordeal out,
but it waa noticed that Mr Bryan did not
congratulate the bridegroom p yi
with tim Whe inbere ofa G

 

 

 

shake hands
reek Boule Ly

to Which the br Wie had Db longed in ber college
dave ove 6 Ultle Wedding Procgbalon ahd
pureed things to th piiens

After it wae over aod Chere came the pause

when, ib the hupplest of cages, It seemne like
cloging down the coffe tid, the bride want
upataire, sa her jiotber alone a few mo
ents, aod Chen eft her home with the man
of ber choiur hey walked to the ooriher
to o atreet car ond vede to & Lincoln howl
where they remained until they came to
At bison yeaterday

And, be the way, (here ie more synipathy
for Wd fe today Chau (here wae ateithes
ddefeatot Vrosidential eMorte Lwayitt

r
le SP avd tie Uride 18 He wae 4 wikoun and
jean artiot. Mine Hryan, they rd yu up

+ Lincole young man for Leevi

 

|

|

THEY LIVE ON DAMAGE SUITS,

TRADE OF ACCIDENT BROKERS
AND ACCIDENT TOUTS

And the Ambalance (Chasing Shysters Whe
Work With Them--38 Per Cent. or
Personal Damage Casea Declared py
& Physictlan to Be Pure Mlackmal!

Dr. Leonard F. Pitkin, surgeon ¢! +}.
Interborough Rapid Transit Company
has just completed the collection of dat>
for a series of articles in one of the medica:
journals ard for a report to his company
on the aluse of the law under which
actions for damages asthe result of persona!
injuries are brought against the aurface
and elevated railroads in this city Dr
Pitkin gave some of the results of his re
search to a SUN reporter yesterday afiqge
noon,

The cheerful ambulance chaser and
his trade have been known to New York
for many years. It has remained for Lr
Pitkin to observe and make notea of the
activities of the “accident broker,” the
“accident tout” and the “accident light-
houses” in the hospitals and among the
police of the city.

The doctor was moved to tell some of
the results of hie research to THE Sr»
because both he and the company whic
he represents fee) that if the genera! pu!
as wel] as the medica] men of the city krew
of the abuses committed in the name
the Jaw, those who are unfortunate enougr
to sustain injuries for which the company
may be held liabie would realize that ther
would secure more cash for thernseives
and their families by dea. ing direct!y with
their employers or through reputable law
yers,

“After an examination of this queation,”
said Dr. Pitkin, “extending over a period
of something like ten years. I have becoma
convinced that the contingent fee aystern
of litigation is largely responsible for the
abuses that exist in the prosecution of
damage suits for personal injuries. If
gome wise lawmaker of this State could
examine the records of personal accident
litigation as I have examined them, he
would see the need of some legislation
to regulate all contingent fee litigation.

“When a lawyer takes a personal in-
Jury case on a contingent fee, he is not only
the attorney for the plaintiff. but he becomes
a@ partner of the plaintiff in the profits of
the suit. This sort of partnership las led
to abuses which ery for regulation

“The business of suing railroads ard
contractors for damages for persona
injuries has become, urder the fostering
care of the shysters, a great industry i
this country. In the State of [linois
for instance, the damage suits for persona
injuries for the first six months of 1890
aggregated a little over $2,000,040; In the
&2me period in 1896 they aggregated about
$13,000,600, and in 1901 they were $60,000,000

*In this State, 60 per cent. of ail the buel-
ness of our civil courts is damage suits for
personal injuries, and 75 per cent. of this
number are actions started in bad faith
and for the deliberate purpose of black-
mailing the defendant companies

“The promoter-in-chief ot this litigation
is what is commonly called the shyater
lawyer, We all know this kind of lawyer
but it may not be generally known that
there are very many of them in this town
who do nothing else from one year's enc
to another but hunt out and prosecute
damage suits against corporations, ald
they make a hancsome living out of it

“One lawyer—he came to be regarded by
the Pare public as a high-class citizen
as well as an able lawyer -cvied here a few
years ago leaving a large estate, most of
which he made in this class of litigation

“The accident lawyer is very thorough-

cing in the practice of his profession.
No sooner is a big piece of contracting
work started in this city than the accident
lawyer looks it over. He takes in tho
character of the work, notes carefully
where blasting and other hazardous work
is to be done, and makes his plans

“The job is policed by the lawyer's agents
from one end to the other. In some cases
special watchers for accidents, who de
nothing else, are employed. In. othe:
cases, small shop keepers along thie lin:
of the work are approached and told tha:
if they will watch out for accidents and
promptly report the name and adiress
of anybody who may be injured, they «1
receive a liberal commission from the
lawyer out of whatever he may recover
in a damage suit against the contractor

“These agenta are called accident touts
I heard of one the other day, a smal:
merchant, who had made in the past year
$12,000 in commissions by informing lawyers
of injuries sustained by nen employed ly
contractors and by the surface and elewated
roads. I say lawyers, because these touts
without any scruples whatever, engagr
their services to two or three of these feos
lights at the same time.

*But besides the toute, there is anothe:
remarkably enterprising set of men, known
as accident brokers. They work quite on
theirown hook. They do their own watch-

 

ing.

When they find that a man employer
by a railroad company as a contractor |i8
been injured they hunt Lim up and have 6
talk with him. They represent to (he
injured that he lias an exellent case f1
damages against his employer and that
the ‘broker’ is in a position to negotiate ad-
vantageously with the employer

*The ‘broker’ makes a proposition to re-
cover the damages fir a contingent fee
Then, the bareain mace, he proceeds 0
open negotiations. If he fails altogether
by aid of threats and + rommises, he goes!
a lawver and offers him the case on co)
mission

“In this last resort, the ‘broker’ works
both ends against the middle, for he
jects his commission from the injures
the latter geta anything, and he «
from the lawve

“One of these ‘brokers’ came fo ser | *
the other day on behalf of a client !°
was an Italian of the name of Colicea. | °
gent in his card, which I have filed wit
record of the case. Under the name *s*
this legend: ‘Dealer in real estate i!
{n amal) quantities and accidents.”

“To the tout and the ‘broker’ thera im ist
be added, I fear, though T regret to sas
some of the police and attendants {rs 014
of our hospitala When a@ person has !
injured on the elevated or surface |
or on publie or private work, there is \iF
a policeman around who is sure ot §

telephoning the facta to some uw
lawyer
“Once the patient ia in the hoe 4

it {a easy for a hospital attendan! |
lect the aame fee for the sane work
“Of al! the damage suits begur

have observed, 75 per cent have
started in the hope of backma: 4!
defendant ou! of some of the dar ‘

claimed 1 reca') two cases in po
“One wae that of a woman, an ex
stenographer, who stubbed her tor
bridge a ong the '\ne of the sulways
bridge had been erected accordins

The woman eed for $40,000, Fert
that ashe fell in atubbing her toe -
her right erm and had hever lee

the use of if

“A man sustained an injury some»
similar He died The lawyers +
by his esate offered to settle |

for $1,200 The eontractor gp
few days ago an offer waa marie | ar)
for the funeral expenses and this ol
wis ned

*In the came of the woman the fa
that she 1s aa well aw Ble over wa
working a¢ her calling very «da
offers to settle her care have been ot

°Of course, the injured ‘ t
agente legel or otherwis have
whatever damoagee they thay
veuel ne-half, wit! it
they ld deal din et “ '
Whom Cusy eh tha we
wey alii athiriieve '
ipithe te ured thot tha
prey f river hye aver "
tion in dealinw unfairly with cov

With Wve againwt whou Lhey bag eulb E