a

Se ee

I
f
r
'

 

 

   
    
  
   
   

 
  

Nn Se ne

PALL AIOA
——oooo

Small boys who play hookey from school
are making laborious days for the men
and women whose business it is to lead
them to the fount of learning.

“Never before have we been so busy,”
aaid one of the forty-four city truant of-
fleers. “I have more than four hundred
oases on my list, and am adding new ones
every day. My district, on the lower East
Side, is the worst in town for truanta, but
all the officers are hard pressed.

“The new law is the main cause of this
unusual rush of work. We are now ex-
pected to see that not only all the healthy
children under 14 go to school for at least
180 days in the year, but also that those
between 14 and 16 attend night school if
they are working during the day. More-
over, we're expected to keep a special eye
on newsboys and bootblacks.”

The truant officer spoke hastily, for a
hearing was on and he had his cases to
present. It was in a room in a downtown
school building. Seated on chairs close to
the walls were mothers, who looked as
ff they hadn't spared the rod, clutching
by the hand small boys with tear stained
cheeks. Principals were there and
teachers.

In succession the boys were led up to
the district superintendent. A principal
and truant officer would lay the facts of a
case before him. The mother would have
her say, while the boy, fearful of being
“sent away,” would usually weep afresh.
This was evidently the dark side of hookey,

The mothers were told explicitly that
unless they kept their boys in school they
would be summoned to a Magistrate's
court. One mother admitted that her
twelve year old hopeful was beyond her
control, and gave her written consent,
reluetantly, to sending him to the Truants’
Home.

“There is a hearing like this in each
district once a week,” said the truant of-
ficer, “and we also have special hearings
just after the raids.”

“The raids?”

“Why, yes. We've taken to making
raids ou gangs of street boys. It is a new
scheme, but so far it has worked well.
You see, a truant ofticer, single handed,
can't do anything with the newsboys and
bootblacks and young loungers who hang
@round the corners during school hours,
He's a marked man in his district. When
they see him coming they run.

“This being so, he calls to his aid half
a dozen others, as well as two or three
policemen. We gather in a school build-
ing in the morning, and sally out just after
9 o clock, when all good boys should be at
their lessons.

“As soon as we sight the game the offictr
of the district drops back, so as not to
frighten them. Some of us take what
you might call strategie positions, and the
Test saunter up to the group.

“When we grab for the boys they scatter,
of course, and a good many dodge us,
bit some run into our arms. It would
amuse you to sve us chasing them. There's
No rough treatment, of course.

“When one wriggles away we have the
laugh on the man whose fingers he slipped
through. Altogether we do some pretty
nimble steppin, and have some fun in
this work of gathering in boys who should
be in school. The captives are taken to
the nearest school building, where we
send for their parents, and haye a hearing.

“The raids are only one of the little ex-
cilemenis in the life of a truant officer.
lalways carry with mea revolver, a police-
man’s billy, a pair of handcuffs, a whistle
for summoning aid, and disinfectants. On
the lower East Side I need them all.

“Why, if I hadn't had my gun where I
could reach it quick the other day the
chances are that | wouldn’t be here now.
It was in a tenement house filled with
Italians.

“T had been at a certain door a couple
of times inquiring about a boy, and had
been told by the Italian who answered
my knock that he had never heard of the
youngster. Parents often do that,

“Well, | finally mado sure that he was
the father of this boy. [ went to him
again, and began to give him some pretty
plain talk. All of a sudden I saw his eyes
blaze. In about three jumps he had
reached the table and caught up a big
knife. Then he turned on me. [t was
the first time | had ever seen such a look
ina man’s face. It meant murder, sure.

“LT backed off withoul losing any time,
and reached for my revolver. ‘Now then,’
1 said to him, leveling it at his eyes, ‘i?
you take another step in this direction
I'll shoot you. Go back to the table and
lay down that knife. Quiek!’

“He did as he was told, and before |
left Io had hina apologizing. ‘Ze blood
rush to my head. | get crazy,’ he ex-
plained. His boy is Kolng lo school every
day now

“T have a tot of trouble with Italians
Among them are move truants than in apy
other nationality. They seem to have the
thost difficulty in grasping the idea that

 

Se hetieeabeeand

GATHERING IN THE TRUANTS.

A Work of Real Danger and Lots of Excitement
Sometimes—Raids Necessary.

~
PAR PPPAPAD PLEAD PLEO RRR. RPO LIL LDL LL PO PPPOE

 

eee ae

an

Nn nnn wn nn nnnnnnene

 

 

 

 

boy, a girl of 16, went down to the street
and brought him back with her. He had
evidently told his pals what was up, though,
for when I reached the door I found myself
facing as tough a lot of boys as you could
eee anywhere. They were members of a
gang that hangs around that neighborhood.

“Jeera and yells greeted me, and one
fellow tried to catch me behind. I clapped
a handcuff on my prisoner, and, pulling
out my billy, began to lay about me, at the
same time trying to push my way through
the crowd.

“But it kept growing bigger and was
pressing closer. I became a regular storm
centre, and could see myself with a broken
head. Not liking the prospect, I whistled
for help. The gang had made a few passes,
but hadn't yet reached me when two police-
men came running up. We cleared a
pathway in short order, and I got my boy
around to the school. That’s the sort of
experience we have now and then in carrying
the blessings of education to the East Side.

“Boys have a great fear of being ‘sent
away,’ that is, of being placed in the Truants’
Home, but after being released I’ve heard
some say they would like to go back. They
grow very fond of the place. To be sent
there ceases to be a punishment. The
home is much more attractive than the
places they have been accustomed to call
by that name.”

A big brick building surrounded by
lawns and trees not far from Richmond
Hill on Long Island, is where the truants
of New York are housed, fed and taught.
A boy whose good conduct has given him
a special place in the cdénfidence of his
teachers entertained there for a little while
the other day a visitor who was waiting
for the principal.

“Dis place is all right,” said the boy.
“De grub's fine. Yer git meat an’ pudd’n’,
an' yer kin have all yer want except wae
y’ve got marks. Den y’ve got to gi
along on just bread. But dis doin’ widout
meat fer bein’ bad ain't nuthin’ to de quiet,

“De quiet? Why, dat’s a little room
up on de top floor. It has a big window
dat looks out on the trees an’ grass, but
when ye're in dey lock de shutters an’
it’s just light enough fer yer to see de
mottoes on de walls. Dere ain’t nuthin’
fur ye to do but just sit an’ think, an’ some-
times dey keep yer in dere fer a whole
day and a night. I don’t want no more
o’ dat, so I'm good now.”

When a Visitor enters a school room at
the home, the boys, at the ‘command of
the teacher, rise in their places like small
soldiers and give a military salute. Out
in the gymnasium they drill every morn-
ing to music of a drum and fife corps of

their own.

They are farmers as well as soldiers.
They have planted and harvested about
300 bushels of potatoes, and considerable
quantities of tomatoes, turnips, beans and
other vegetables since spring. They have
also le hay, built a lange chicken coop,
and done Gian kinds of very practical
work around the spacious grounds. This
is a part of the manual training course.

The boys retire to small white beds in a
long dormitory at 8 o’clock at night and
are up at 6 for breakfast, followed by mili-
tary drill. On the second floor of the little
chapel, which is a separate building, is a
hospital, but it rarely has an inmate. The
boys grow in weight and general health
in a few weeks after they come to the home,
and most of them would be very glad to
remain there were it not for the restrictions
on their liberty.

12,000 POTENTIAL ROYALTIES.

Most of ’Em With Rights te Britain’s Throne
—Very Plain Folks Among ’Em.

It will be news to many people that there
are almost 12,000 living persons who have
British royal blood in their veins. There
are, and the Marquis de Ruvigny, who finds
his recreation in genealogical research,
proves it in a thick volume just issued in
England.

The Marquis gives the names of 11,723
living persons who are legitimate descend-
ants of Edward [V., Henry VII. of Eng-
land and James III. of Scotland, with pedi-
grees to show how they obtain that dis-
tinction. The list includes the names of
every Christian crowned head in the world,
except the Kings of Sweden and Servia and
the Princes of Monaco and Montenegro,
and moat of the higher nobility of European
countries,

It also includes scores of commoners
humble Smiths, Browns and Joneses in
the most modest circumstances, whom no-
body would think of associating with
a royal pedigree. The Marquis numbers
them in the order of their nearness to the
head of the family and—if descent really
counted in that matter-—-to the British
throne

It doesn't, for the Act of Settlement of
1701 barred the Catholie sons of Elizabeth,
Queen of Bohemia, sister of Charles [.,
from the succession and settled it on the
children of her Protestant daughter, the
Electress of Hanover, beginning with
George [. All the same, though, the Mar-
quis, taking the view of the ardent legiti-
mist, labels as No, | of the blood royal
Mary Theresa Henrietta Dorothea, Princess
Louise of Bavaria, whom he describes vs
“heiress of the House of Stuart and by
hereditary right Queen of England, Scot-
lund, France and Lreland,”

Of course, in the family pedigree she
cores before Edward VII, the actual King,
in the Marquis's book. Bo do Don Carlos
of Spain, dozens of European princelings
and hundreds of commoners. But thet

 

| unlucky Act of Bettiement bars ‘erm all.

If among the lineal descendants of these

three Kings were counted those whose pedi-

| daughter of

the Government not only provides free
edueation, but makes it compulsory

“The Kuseian Jews like to keep their
children ai home to work kven when
they're going to school sone of the children
toil for long hours every Guy. [ve come
in contact with youngsters of not more
than Tor 8 who begin to work on ‘pants?
a 6 in the morning Jhey have a halt |
BessIONn al nelool from ® to 12 -and then
Be bbek bo Their oWcutehop taek, and keep
Moup GW o'eloek at night

PA gival ina of these peonle gaye pot
partis Hharty fou of om l yelomny popu
larity valiee with the time of day he
fore vin the miorking you would think J
War a regelar Santa Clause from the way
tom ehiifecye flock round me

generally roach my offife about aw,

edoall the way Gown the street after [
turn the Cory have thei mbaking daaede
With ities PRUNE tay ‘talline and anoing
aiound ine Mul after 0 o'elook FT cant
gel within hell w& bhoek of thei Pro tiaer
ims, dung iy unpopular hoyew, fT ba
cone & Carel for tiineiles of various king

"I Gate tear be ig mobbed one day tert
week Doha’ traced @ tough youn Leiel
fruant bo hie ay, but while Twas eta
othe Goorway talking with) bie lathe
the boy em upwel Nhe Wi folie lato what
J thou Wie an tinier room miiy liom tha
be Wapitel bo Mige ii i ih poor
hawt woe lowing out tiie the bad

"Veelog ve \ ' vin nore wl
my OW of Witiy tha ' liheigt ole, f
told hie fi thea bows wou wurren
fur Vile warren th Weolobog tle Hy te ety
(hee law tiie bie brought) bin te ue Me

oak be eoulon tl de)

grees ave crosbed with the bar sinister,
no book would hold them all, ‘The Marquis
counts only the legitimate lines,

Ap # saiuple of now the thing works out,
take the Duke of Devonshire, who hus just
Jeft the British Ministry. He is No. 3,664
from the Prinoom of Bavaria; nevertheless
by the Marquis de Ruvigny's caleulations
heis by right of desuent nearer to (he throne
thon bie lawful moversign, ‘This is how the
royal strain in the Duke's blood is traved

hie is a mon Of Lady Blanche Georgiana
Howard, who waea daughter of Lady Geor-
giana Dorothy Cave adie, who wee adaugh
tor of Dady Georgiana Bpencer, who was a
the fret Karl Spencer, who
woo & pon Of Lady Georgiana Caroline
Rpenaer, who wae 4 daugiiter of Frances

Oraley, who wea a dayghter of Frances
Jhynne, who was a daughter of Lady
Prancle Finch, who was a daughter of nany
Mary Seymour, who wae a dauguter o
William, Duke of Somerset, Who Wae 4a ron
of Lord Beauelwop, who Wee a aon of Lady
Katherine Grey, who was 4 daughter of
Lady Frond Mrancdon, who wan a datigl
terol Mary Tudor, who wae a daughter of

Henry VU

Phe pedigrees of the riere CoOminoner
gee trnend with equal eare "Phe job lae
{gvolveed years of work for the Wesau

haut bie Tibco at Ihe whowe Ula ote 1,000

out oof the T1724 partiod royalties je les
discovered have remaned in Kagland
‘Toe rest are aeattewad all over the world

in dodia, Aimerion, Australia and even

bet Lhe mieten of the | Japan and Merioe,

   

 

| HEADQUARTERS FOR FUSION.

 

Held Twe Meetings a Day Undor Guidance
of the Citizens’ Unton, and Though the

Bun the Thing—Night Rally Next.

 

‘ are three or four of them—and takes charge
| of the meeting.

' ‘Till last Thureday the speakers at the
fifteen-minute meetings held at 4 o'clock

‘PREY AAVE OPENED CAMPAIGN \ in the afternoon at the same place, were

; also men, but during this week the com-
| mittee means to have a woman speaker
every other afternoon.

| But that is not all. The committee on
| meetings is working hard just now, in co-
operation with the Citizens’ Union, to hold
| the reins so to speak at the men’s meeting

When the Women’s Municipal League | which is to be held in Carnegie Hall next
opened campaign headquarters at 38 Union | Tuesday evening. Miss Margaret Chanler,
Square about a week ago, many NewYorkers | chairman of the campaign committee,
began to believe for the firet time that | will preside and introduce the speakers,
women, or, at least,. some women, were | all of whom are well known fusion leaders.
taking seriously to politics. The news , It will be probably the firat time that a po-

| Gpeakers Are Mestly Men the Women |

was variously received.

Men and women who have always talked
contemptuously of petticoat government,
scowled. Others, who believe that with
women helping to direct political machinery
the millennium would not be long in arriv-
ing, openly rejoiced

There can be no doubt that this partic-
ular move on the part of the Women’s
Municipal League has attracted attention
in new quarters, for although this is not the
first time the league has dabbled in poli-
tica, never before has it dreamed of hiring
public headquarters in a populous thor-
oughfare and putting the place in charge
of women.

Naturally, no one rejoices more over the
occurrence than women suffragists, who
see in it the essential fruition of their most
cherished desires. Meanwhile, in the strong-
hold itself, the women in charge were busy
receiving visits—more or less flattering—
from men and women—particularly from
men—and handing out campaign literature.
If any timidity was exhibited on either
side, it was on the side of the visiting men.

At first some workmen who ventured
through the open door at the noon hour
did it with manifest hesitation, not to be
misunderstood. One of them confessed
afterward that his wife had warned him to
keep away from the place and that he
had expected to find there the masculine
type of woman with short hair, rainy day
skirt, four-in-hand tie and rampant on her
hobby of good government,

The astonishment of this same man
when, after screwing up his courage to
march in, his hat firmly planted on his
head, he was met by graceful women wear-
ing picture hats, the newest skirts and the
most approved Fifth avenue drawing room
smile, took the outspoken form of “Well,
I guess you're not so different after all
from the other women.” And he took
his hat off.

Three of the league’s smartest members
from the social point of view form its cam-
paign committee. They are Miss Margaret
Chanler, chairman; Mrs. Josephine Shaw
Lowell, treasurer; Mrs. Paul Revere Reye
nolds, secretary. But then,none of these
women are in evidence in the campaign
headquarters. Oh, dear, no! They are
not that kind of campaigners.

“Mrs. Lowell never sees reportera under
any circumstances,” says the maid who
answers the door at Mrs. Lowell's house,
and it is intimated at the headquarters
that none of the three caropaign ladies
welcomes interrogations from outsiders.

Besides this head committees there are
three sub-committees who give their un-
divided attention, respectively, to finance,
publication and meetings.

From a financial point of view there can
be no question that the league is doing good
work. Last week it gave mnore than, $4,000
to the Citizens’ Union, and it has no diffi-
culty in meeting all the expenses of publi-
cation, store hire and other incidentals
that will mean before election day a mat-
ter of several more thousand dollars,
Friends of the league have given generously
to the campaign fund—some as high as
$500 in one donation, with the promise of
more if needed. The league's campaign
is not hampered by lack of funds, even if
the Citizens’ Union is, and the former shows
a commendable anxiety to turn every sur-
plus dollarit has to spare into the treasury
of the Citizens’ Union. At the start the
campaign literature of the league was dis-
tributed and mailed mainly along lines laid
down by the Citizens’ Union.

Unlike the Dowie crusade the league
makes no house to house visitations. So
far ita members, have not been laid under
the necessity of buttonholing the women
they meet to plead for the fusion ticket to
which they arecommitted. Instead posters
and cards containing facts about Mayor
Low's administration are sent into every
district to be distributed in stores, private
houses, public buildings—wherever, in fact,
they will be displayed—and over the after-
noon tea cups loyal members of the league
make a point of denying themselves the
happiness of discussing the servant ques-
tion and the last importation of fashions
to discourse seriously of what good gov-
ernment has done for New York city.

The committee on meetings is, perhaps,
the busiest and the most important of the
three, It has its hands full, One of the
most important features of its work, or
what it considers the most important, is
providing women speakers to address
meetings, principally for women, and which
are held two or three tines a wee, mainly
in the tenement districts,

So far the speakers have been members
of the league and they have included Mrs,
Frederick Nathan, who addressed a large
meeting last Tuesday afternoon at the
College Settlement; Mrs, A. J. Wilson, Mrs,
Clarence Burns, Mrs. H. 8, Tonjes, Mrs,
Lillian D, Betts and others, Meetings of
the same sort were begun during the po-
litical campaign two years ago, and at that
time met only with indifferent success,
Many poor women attended, thinking there
were to be refreshments afterward, When
they found out their mistake their inter-
est in the meetings died out,

This year, though, it is different. Nearly
always the speakers have had a good-
sized audience which apparently takes
some interest in what is said. Mrs, Strong,
who is at the head of the ggeetings com-
mittee, seid:

“The alin of the speakers is not 60 much
to denounce Tainmany and ite works, as
to teach the women with whom they come
in contact what good governmeng is and
what the Low administration hus done for
New York. Ase sort of addenca to these
iIneetings, (he speakers have arranged

a series of free excursions to North Brother }

Island, whieh, with ite improved hospital
accouumodations, furnishes, they think,
an excellent object lesson of the results of
good government”

Two of these excursions have already
taken plave wid Chere will be two or three
more during this week = They are princi
pally for women, but men are not barred

At the Pilon Square hewlauartern there
are (Wo ineellige every day, (he principal
one ef the moon hour

io far, the Cilizene’

Viton hte tehen up the task of finding speak. |

ere for Ube hingularly enough there
have Leen bo Wola apenleene and melon
juore than & down women at any
i wo audienOO Of perhape on
men Yet the place in eight
of the shopplig Gletriet
wolnmen havent foun
won there

thie
Hund peat
In the bewet
Perhape th
oul Wit ie going

A delegate from the Citizens’ Union
Jatroduces the »)eukers~sometiines there

 

a a ee ha

ing ber in vain
Pupon as the leader of the bane

litical meeting held in a large public hall.

and at night, has ever been presided over
by a woman.

 

A WHITE MAN'S COUNTRY.

The African Plateau Under the Equater
Where European Children Thrive,
Between Mount Kenia, the great snow
mountain of equatoria! Africa, and Victoria
Nyanza is a plateauor series of plateaus,
as large as New York State. Every white
man who has ever been there, from Joseph
Thomson, who discovered it, to the latest
traveller, declares that it is perfectly fitted
to be colonized by many thousands of the
white race
It is directly under the equator; and be-
cause it is the only region in equatorial
Africa that offers a field for settlement
by north Europeans, it is worth while to show
its exact position on this little map. The
area in black on the map is the plateau.
It was judicious to be eceptical about the
fitness of any part of equatorial Africa
for white colonists; but the unanimity of
testimony concerning this plateau seems
to have settled the question in its favor.
The latest testimony comes from C,
Eliot, British Commissioner in the East
African Protectorate, who has lived long

 

   

in that region.
plateau resembles the downs of England.

Here and there large forests of fine timber
are scattered among the wide expanses

He says the surface of the

of grazing and tillable lands. Al) kinds
of European vegetables flourish. water is
abundant, and the soil is very fertile.
“Ten years’ experience,” he says. “shows
that the climate is healthy and invigorat-
{ng and that European children born in
the country can live and thrive there. The
mean average temperature is 67 degrees
Fahrenheit at 9 A.M., and 78 degrees Fahiren-
heft at noon, while the nights are much
colder and the thermometer often goes down
to 45 degrees in the early morning.
“On the Settima range, about half a degree
south of the equator, I have experienced
1 degree of frost at6.A.M. At Nairobi the
heat increases at times to 80 degrees a.
midday and remains stationarv till about
2:30 P. M., when it cools down, but the
average is somewhat lower.”
Mr. Eliot says this is a white man’s coun-
try. He did not believe it at first.“but in-
creased facilities of travelling have per-
haps enabled me to acquirea larger personal
experience of different parts of the pro-
tectorate than 1s ed by any one
else at present; and I have no hesitation
in stating my conviction that Europeans
can live and thrive not merely in patches
of territory here and there, but practically
anywhere in the highlands; that is to say,
anywhere in the large area cognprising
the Lumbwa and Nandi territory, ®& Mau
the southern part of the Rift Valley, Settima
end Laikipis, bv eacls pene rovince,
ikuyu and pro y the whole of Ukamba,
a far east as Makindu,”
the reason this great plateau is
fitted to become the home of Pata men
is that its surface is twice as high above
the sea as the top of the highest mountain
in the Catskills. In other words, it is over
8,000 feet above sea leyel. This great
altitude gives it a temperate climate in
tropical Africa.
A railroad now crosses the plateau; but
a generation may pes before many
colonists go there. me of the native
tribes are not yet well disposed toward
white men. There must be markets and
ample fecilities for transportation before
many whites will be tempted to imimigrate.
But this is one of the reserves of Africa
which will g6ome day become a centre of
white industry and civilization.

 

REFORMATION OF A BAD MAN,

Henry Starr, Outlaw Leader, Has Taken an
Indian Wife and Wil ®ettle Down.

Henry Starr, leader of the Starr band of
outlaws, notorious in the Indian Territory,
twice convicted of murder and with many
robberies, for one of which he served a
term of fifteen years in the penitentiary,
behind him, has reformed and taken an
Indian wife. She belongs to what the society
reports in the Territory call a prominent
Cherokee family, and she is one of the
prettiest girls in all the Territory as well,

She is a graduate of a seminary and ia
bright and interesting and has reformed
Henry Starr.

He met her when he was compelled (o
ask for @ night's lodging at her aunt's home
a few months ago, and no misdeeds have
heen recorded against him sinee. The
other day he and the Indian girl had a
wedding in the hotel at Muskogee, and
everybody agreed that they were the hand-
somest pair seen in that town since it was
“a town. Now they have gone to Starr's
farin to settle down to a quiet life.

Kverybody in the Indian Territory and
a greal many people outside it know the
fame of the hiker gang. The band terror-
ized Texas, southern Katdas and the States
adjoiaing for years, Bam Starr got the

aD Loget er and was reckoned (the leader,
ut bis wite, Belle Starr, was the brains
of the band

Sam Starr wae killed fourteen years ago
hy a desperado nained Watson, a fugitive
from justice whom he had hefriended
Belle Ptarr died soon afterward while
United Slates deputy taarshals were seek -
Then Heary was looked

Hin daring was adipired even by the
Officers who were hunting bin, When be

, killed Deputy Floyd Wilson ina duel eight

yeuls age with the odds against hin
though he wee captured and tried for the
killing no jury would eonviet hin, and he
was released. Now he has reformed, he
saya, and won't lead outlawe any more

Monoxrans on Wonen's Wales.

The fashion of having monograms and
crete on mons ehirt slaeves has extemlad
to women's elirt and tlk wadete The
wearers coat of arte, ero or ho hogran
le enbroidered on the left sleeve between
the ult aod the elbow home wlores aid
Crenenakens bow mnploy heads on en
broidery work exclusively, auch is the exiat-
ing demand fur lawve initials, do, 4 oo

 

ee

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

{HOW DID THIS WOMAN KROW?

FEATS THEY TELL OF 4 FORTUNE
TELLER IN BINGHAMTON.

 

The Recevery of Lost Goods Her Streng
Hold—Missing Articles Feund Just
Where She Said They Would Be— Things
That Her Customers Can't Fixplain.

BincHaMTON, Oct. 24.--This is a charac-
teristically proper middie New York town,
with the regulation number of churches,
banks, schools, mills, mill sites and dam
sites. But more than this, it has a title
to distinction that outweighs all other
considerations. It ia the home of a sooth-
sayer, a real No. 1, first chop, topside sayer
of soothing things, without any discount
at ail.

This oracular individual does not con-
fine herself to mystical allusions and weiled
prophecies of vague and unnamed good
fortune certain to come some time in the
future if you only wait long enough. She
deals in facts ao hard and cold that they
glitter, and there is just a sufficient ad-
mixture of past, present and future in
them to drive them home all the harder.

Almost. anybody can tell some kinds of
facts from the past, but facts of that sort
this woman fails to mention. She does
business with the facts that only two or
three persons know and they usually have
a vigorous desire to keep them dark.

Her special stronghold is the recovery
of stolen goods, or things that have been
lost, and the range of her operations seems
to have no particular limit. For instance,
there was the case the other day of the
doctor's wife.

She had lost a valuable brooch. As usual
is such cases, it was one to which she was
attached for particular reasons, outside of
ite intrinsic value.

It happened that she had not. worn it for
several inonths, and supposed that it was
in the case with the rest of her jewels.
When she had occasion to use it, it could
not be found.

There was a commotion in the house.
An inventory of the jewels showed that
the brooch was the only article missing.
That seemed to dispose of the theory that
there had been a robbery, at least by any
one outside of the house.

There was, of course, the usual suspicion
that some one of the servants had taken it.
The house was searched from top to bottom.
Every nook and cranny was ransacked.
The brooch could not be found.

Because it had been a gift from the doctor,
his wife was unwilling to tell him that it
had been lost, until every possible means
of recovering it had been exhausted. In
this dilemma she thought of the soothsayer.
Straightway she called on that remarkable
person, and, without making herse!f or her
errand known, received an appointment
for the next morning.

This miracle worker does business with
many of the usual accompaniments. You
write your given name on a slip of paper
and turn it face down on the table. Then
you write whatever question you desire to
ask and turn it down also.

The soothsayer’s eyes are closed. She
folds up the papers, with the writing inside,
and rubs them on her head. Then the
trance begins.

The doctor's wife had asked simply
where her pin was. The clairvoyant be-
gan*by describing the pin. Then she re-
marked that it had not been stolen, and that
Mrs. Doctor's suspicions of her servant
were groundless.

In a certain room of the house there was
a chiffonier the top of which extended back
a little in the rear of the glass. On this
ledge, behind the mirror, the pin was then
lying.

Mrs. Doctor got home as quickly as she
could. She knew the chiffonier very well.
It was in the doctor’s room. It had already
been searched, but no one happened to look
behind the glase. There, sure enough,
the brooch was found.

When the doctor came home his wife
asked him about it. He remembered at
once having picked up the pin just before
they went away for the summer and put
it there to tease his wife. Then he forgot
all about it.

Now, says the doctor's wife, how did that
woman know all about it? She was never
in the house and couldn’t have known
anything about the chiffonier in the doctor’s
room.

Then there was the case of the Angora
cat. It belongs to the daughter of a banker.
and had always been kept in the bank.

Not long ago the bank changed its quar-
ters and the kitten disappeared. There
was a commotion of search, all in vain.

The loss was advertised in all the city
papers, with offers of a reward, but with
no success. The cat did not come back.

Thereupon the banker's daughter said
she would consult the clairvoyant, The
banker is a practical man and had no faith
in such things, and he forbade it. The
girl was not so sceptical however, and
she got one of her friends to make the visit
to the soothsayer for her.

This friend want at once, and wrote on
the slip of paper the simple question,
“Where is the cat?” The clairvoyant
went into her usual trance.

“I hear the rattle of money,” she said.
“There isa great deal of it. It is ina bank.”

She went on with some more remarks
of that sort and then got down to the
business of the cat, The questioner was
told to go back to the bank at once, and
to go up three flights of #tairs to a vacant
room at the rear of the building. There
the kitten would be found shut in,

Just as soon as the banker's daughter
heard the clairvoyant’s directions she
went to the hank building and climbed
the three flights of staira. When she neared
the vacant room she distinctly heard the
kitten meowing.

The door was opened and there waa the
missing Angora, very thin and hungry.
It had heen gone for about a week, Now,
the banker says, “How the devil did that
kitten get there,and how did that woman
know it was there?”

There is the case of the Colonel's widow's
dog. It is a valuable setter, of which she
is very fond, One day it disappeared,

Mrs. Colonel hunted every where ake could
think of. She asked all her friends. She
advertised in all the papers offering a
reward, with no questions asked, for the
reiurn of her wetter, No result, As a
last resort she consulted the clairvoyant

When the preliminaries of the (trance
had been gone through with, the sooth-
payer directed the Colonel's widow (to take
her carviage wand drive seven miles out on
a certain road whieh #he indicated, At
that dielance there would be a houge, which
was carefully deeeribed, al the right of
the road

Mire Colonel waa to slop there and ask
for her dog Lt would be denied that any
eueli dog wae there Mra, Colonel was to
insiet, and, if teomsary, forowe her way
into the houee There she would find her
do

re Colone obeyed orders the drove
the neven miles and found the house When
whe asked for her dog she was told that
there was no dog on the preminew. She
Inetad and inmade on encom to get into
the house

The reluctance of the residents to admit

i lS ee,

inquired where
was something else that she heard.
By this time her blood was up and she
not be denied.

The whining kept up and grew louder.
She finally located it in the cellar and de-
manded that she be taken there. The
people in the house evidently began to be
fearful of the results, for they let her go
down.

There she found her dog, tied up. She
released him and took him home. When the
Society for Psychological Research has a
day or two off it can come to Binghamton
and get all the facts in this case without
any trouble whatever.

Within a few days there has occurred
the case of the fur circular. It was the prop-
erty of the mistreas of a private school.
During the usual fall house cleaning and
renovation it was put out on the line in
the yard, whence it disappeared.

The owner made the customary hue and
ery without finding her circular, and, a8
almost always happens, auspicion fell on
one of the servants. The police were
called in, but could no nothing. Then the
owner went to see the clairvoyant.

The circular was stolen, was the verdict,
but not by one of the servants, a8 was SuUs-
pected. It was taken by an extremely dark
man, who carried it away. The owner should
go home and advertise her loss, offering a
reward. QOnthe third day of the adver-
tisement the circular would be returned.

The school mistress followed instructions.
On the morning of the third day a farmer
drove up to the house and inquired for her.
When she eaw him he began to ask ques-
tions about the circular. He had her de-
scribe it in minute detail, and when she
had finished said:

“Your circular is out in my wagon.”

It was, sure enough, the missing circular.
When it had been delivered the farmer said
he supposed the lady would like to know
how it came in his possession. She said she
certainly would, and he replied that on the
day which she had given as the date of the
theft he had bought the circular for $1 from
an Armenian who had come to his house
with it.

The Arraenian had said that his wife had
run away with another man, taking every-
thing they had except this circular. It
was now no good to him, and he would sell
it for a dollar.

The farmer suspected that it had been
stolen and thought the owner would be
glad to pay a dollar to get it back. So he
bought it and waited for the advertisement.

These are some of the more remarkable
cases of this clairvoyant’s skill in recover-
ing lost or stolen articles. A great many
more might be cited.

When it comes to the business of fortune
telling there is the same old platitude that
is the main stock in trade of most of them,
but there is enough of solid fact in such
cases as these to set Binghamton people to
wondering what is the explanation.

NEBRASKA'S GROWING WEALTH.

Her Bank Deposits Have Increased Over
860,000,000 in Seven Years.

Linco.n, Neb., Oct. 24.--Nebraska did
pretty well this year for a State without
mines and with little manufacturing. The
State Labor Commissioner, who is by law
charged with the compilation of crop statis-
tics, has just figured out that the value of
all the products of the soil this year is $250,-
000,000, which is $250 for every inhabitant
and $1,000 for every family of four.

Out of the inexhaustible earth has come
this great flood of wealth in the shape of
wheat, corn, oats, rye, barley, buckwheat,
hay, potatoes, butter, eggs, poultry, live
stock, fruit and sugar beets. The value
of the products of the farms of Nebraska in
1900 was $162,000,000, which was three times
as great as ten years before.

These figures will give some idea of the
tremendous strides toward material wealth
that Nebraska is making. They show why
she is able to lend the East millions every
year and require back only a small part
of it to move her crops.

The Labor Commissioner says that there is
not a State in the Union that produces so
much per head in agriculture as Nebraska
does. This is what has carried the State's
bank deposits from $32,000,000 in 1898 to
$95,000,000 this year, an increase of over
$6,000,000 in seven years. President Burn-
ham of the First National Bank, in his
address at the bankers’ convention here re-
cently, said that the amount of Eastern
paper carried by Nebraska banks at the
present would reach nearly $3,000,000.

One phase of banking which was severely
reprobated at this meeting is that proposed
by New York trust companies of recent
origin. It was asserted by several of the
bankers that agents of these companies
have been soliciting business in the West,
seeking to get the New York accounts of
Nebraska banks. They have offered 3)4 per
cent. interest on daily balances, and have
intimated that if the banks would regard
the balance as a dead account—although it
could be checked upon, if necessary
they would pay more than that. When
asked how they could afford to pay such
rates, the agents replied that they loaned
their deposits on real estate at 6 and 6),
per cent. on ten and twenty years’ time.

Most of the bankers turned down this
proposition which they regarded as unsafe

weause of the small cash reserve —5 per
cent.—carried by the companies. An effort
to secure a Jaw permittirg the trust com-
nies to establish branches here was made

t winter, but it failed through the activity
of the State association. i

 

 

SHOE HORNS.
You Can Get One for Nothing or Pay #100
or More for @ne, as You Preter.

There are shoe horns to be had for noth-
ing, these being given to the purchasers
of shoes; and then there are shoe horas
that cost $100 apiece or more. ‘The shoe
horn is made in these days in very great
variety and of many materials, including
celluloid, steel, fine woods, silver, tortoise
shell, ivory and gold.

Celluloid shoe horns are made in diferent
sizes and in all colors, They cost as low
as 10 cents.

It is the steel shoe horn in its simplest
form that is given away to the purchasers
of shoes, and then there are finer horns of
steel, nickel plated and handsomely fin
ished, that sell for 60 cents, 75 cents, or it
might be 61. Some of these have a button-
hook at the end of the handle

Shoe horns in fine woods are
ebony and of snakewood
bought for 76 cents

Ivory shoe horns come in probably fifty
or more varieties. Tiere are some a foot
in length, which might prove very eon
venient for a man of generous girth, who
didn't want t@ bend too low There are
horna of tained ivory, homme with carved
handies, and horns perfeetly plain and
bhiple in design. You ean buy one for as
Litle as $3, orfromthatuptogis

There are tortoise shell stioe ‘orne that
sell for more than the finest one ef ivory
One of amber would cost $25

There ave silver shoe horns ina seore of
pallerne we lo the handles, and in a etill
greater number of varieties, counting sty lee

 

' made of
Rither can be

Of finish Thus there is a silver shoe born
with a Loule SVE handle, and one with a
another with a

pene 1D Ar gQuine style
andle in rendlecance, one with a George
TH. handle, and #0 on, and in these silver
shoe horns new etyles are added from thine
to time in au emieavor for further variety
and frasier novelty Silver shoe borne
are sold at all sorte of prices, ranging from
64.0 Lo 622

Then there are gold hoe horus that
may cost $100 or more, one of good wlye,
but perfeetiv plain and siiaple in design
and finish, of bight yellow gold@ with o
polished Buinh, selling for $106,

    
  

 

BELGIANS GREAT ON BANDS.
SIGHTS AT ANTWERP WHERE
PEOPLE REALLY LOVE MUSIC,

 

A Serenade With No Beer and No Speech
—Public Competitions on Sunday—«
City Where Every Soctety Has Its Rana
‘Geod Natured as Well as Musical,

“1 believe the Belgians are the greatest
band musicians on earth,” said a man
just back from Antwerp. “When we
reached Antwerp, we had no sooner tied
up at the pier than T heard a whole milie
tarv band coming down the dock.

“Now IT am a man of soine importance
in my own town, and T have before now
been received with a brass bana; but I
could not see why it should happen in
Antwerp, where I was not expected by the
authorities. You must understand thac
I was the only passenger on the ship, so
that plainly the demonstration seemed
aimed at mé@, and I just thought up a little
speech to be ready with when the band
hove in sight.

“But I was mistaken. It was the ship's
regular band, made up of stewards in the
regular employ of the line, every one of
them a good musician. They were so
giad to see their ship back again that they
came marching down to greet it playing
glad melodies.

“Every one of those fellows was an ordi
nary steward, signed as such, but a capable
musician also, When the band is not plays
ing on a regular trip they all take hold
and do steward's work, like the others,

“Now there are not many nations in
which you can find ship's stewards who
are also capable band musicians; but that's
Belgium. Every ship of this line has its
stewarde’ band, formed in the same way
and playing rattling good music.

“Well, I spent a week in Antwerp and
there I learned a good-deal about Belgian
band music. One evening I strolled out
upon the principal street. I hadn’t gone
far when I heard another band and saw
about forty musicians in uniform come
marching down the street until they stopped
before a fine residenoe, where, with a great
crowd surrounding, they lined up and played
several airs.

“Now, I'm in politics myself, and I thoughd
that after about the third tune a fat man
with a forty-rod smile was going to come
out on the baleony, bow to the orowd and
tell us all why he was a Democrat. Then
he'd say that, if elected, he would see to it
that the Fourteenth ward had everything
that was coming to it and a few specialties
of that sort, and would end by inviting
them all to come in and open a keg of beer
with him.

“But no such thing happened. Some
children came to an upper window and
listened and clapped their hands, but there
was no political speech and no beer offer-
ing. By-and-by the band marched away
still playing. I asked a bystander what
it was all about and he said:

“‘Oh, nodings. Dey schoost amuse dem=
selves.’

“Well, that seems to be the way they do
it in Belgium. The people ‘schoost amuse
demselves’ with music--good musio, too,
Just as a sample you can hear excellent
music almost every evening in the Place
Verte from a band of fifty or more musie
cians supported by the Government. The
bandstand itself is a most elaborate struce
ture of carved stone, which cost about
$60,000.

“Besides this every organization in Ante
werp, whether a guild or a trades union or
a social society, has its military band, come
posed of some of its own members, and on
Sundays these bands compete all day long
in the Place Verte for a prize. From 9 in
the morning until 5 at night a new hand
takes the stand every hour and plays its
best until it is time for the next band to
come on. The verdict is decided by a popu-
lar vote of the assembled people in the
square and at the cafés, and the prize wine
ners are immensely proud.

“These bands come marching in from
the suburbs and surrounding villages at all
hours Saturday night and Sunday morning,
playing lustily and as full of good natured
pranks as schoolboys on a holiday. I saw
an amusing thing late one Saturday night,
which was further typical of the politeness
and good nature of the Belgians.

“A band marched up in front of a café
and played a lively air, then marched in

and stood carefully in line. The band-
master raised his baton, and in verfect
unison the company exclaimed in French;

‘We have no money,’ and looked longingly
at the bar. a

The proprietor looked at them, There
were forty, Then he shook his head with
an apologetic shrug and a smile.

£ a is not to drink, Messieurs,’ he said.

“‘Merei, M'sieur,’ replied the band in
concert

“Then at a wave of the baton they filed
out, lifted thelr instruments, played a bar
or two more of the tune and marched on,
thirsty still, but happy as ever.

“As the bands march playing to the
square, the people follow them and dance
in the street alongside, and as they march:
away the same thing happens.

“Nor is it the Place Verte alone that has
its bands. All the squares and recreation
grounds in the city have them. Every cata
has its orchestra, and the number of cafés
to the street is a constant source of marvel
to the visitor, About four parece o0 of
five are engaged in selling light refreshment
to the fifth one

“Yes, L really believe the Belgians are the
greatest musie lovers and the greatest
music makers on earth.” iS

WACARONT WHEAT,

Its Cultivation Is Rapidly Extending te
the United States.

Our Consuls in all the European countries

where macaroni is manufactured have been

asked by the Department of Commerce and

Labor to inquire into the prospect of mar-
keting this variety of our wheat crop im
urope

Macaronl wheat is a rapidly increasing
crop in the United States, Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson said a few weeks aga
that, according to all estimates, this years
erop is 10,000,000 bushels, against 2,000,000
bustbels a year ago; and he predicts that
next year's crop Will be 26,000,000 bushels

Macaronl Wheat bas cut 5o small a figure
enormous wheal

in our production that
probably most of our people do not know
what itis The macaroni varieties are hard
whienits, | iin gluten, which are especially

adapted for growth in the semi-arid regions,
ke those in the southwest of our country
parte of the Russian Empire
pasty gluten they contain

webu

Pha partlo

larly fits them for Che manutacturé@ o
macaroul ermicelli and other kinds of
ulvaentary pastes whieh originated in (aly
wand are tow a constantly growing tnauerry
in Prance, Germany, Switzerland, the
ioied Statee and some other countrieé
fhe French output of iaecarond is about
1T0000,.000 pounds a year A large part
oft french imports of wheat, like that
of other Mediterranean Countt les, ls now
derived from tndia, whieb yields the flour
that is beet acapted for inaking the tubular
Paste that iu tis Various fornie inthe favorite
wheaten food of the Mediterranean states
The only Talan wheat that ia noted for ite

e thal of Apulia. in the southeaat,

quality
where there im grown a hard wheat well
adapted for making: macaroni

wh Twearoo! output is etill emall,
And ool Cop Of Tae rord wheal Cote
Ciditiow ) eT OiRe, Fe DOM meetod probable,
We shall not be able to marker all of it ae
hone \e the tiwearonl) thuakingg counteled
of burope are compelled to boy anim portaod
morta! Chevreau etoek, i seer likely
that wee

wi! hove na diteully Ma eek Gam
@urplue aliueds ° ~* ‘