Mae

RIGHEST POINTS OF THE LAND.

SEVEN GREAT PEAKS YET TO BE
ASCENDED BY MAN.

 

 

one, Mount MoKiniey, Highest en This
Continent; Another, Mount Everest,
Highest on the Globe—Culminating
Points of Continents and Big stands.

Physical geographers say that if all the
mountains and plateaus of the world were
levelled so that the whole land might pre-
sent an even surface the height of all the
land above the sea would be just about
2,296 feet. As it is, thousands of mountains
and mountain ranges and wide areas of
plateaus rise far above the sea level.

High mountains are always conspicuous,
and we invariably find in descriptions of
the continents and islands mention of the
culminating points of those lands. This
table gives the names and heights of the
twenty-four great mountains of the world
which are the highest points in all the con-
tinents and in the most important islands,
arranged in the order of their altitude:

Mount Everest, Asla.............+55
Acopeagua, South Amerioca........
Mount fickinte y, North America. .
Kilimanjaro, Africa
Mont Blane, Europe
Mauna Kea, Hawall
Kinabalu, Borneéo..........
Mount Victoria, New Guinea.
Gunung Koray, Sumatra. .
Fujtyama, Japam....... -..065
Mount Erebus, Victoria Lan
Mount Cook, New Zealand. .
Pico de Telde, Canary Islands.
Gunung Semeru, Java.......
Lompubattang, Celebes....
Petermann, Gree

Cinw, Corsica
Tsisfajavona,
Pedrotallegaila, Oeylon.
Ida, Crete... . cee ceees
Mount Townsend, Australia.
Oreafa Joekul, Ioeland........
Chydenlus, Spitzbergen,...
Cradie Mount, Tasmania

It speaks well for the enterprise of moun-
tain climbers that they have conquered all
excepting seven of those great summits.
The mountains in the above list which
have not been climbed are Mount Everest,
Mount McKinley, Mount Erebus, Mount
Lompobattang, Mount Petermann, Mount
Tsiafajavona and Mount Chydenius.

In March, 1902, a number of distinguished
mountaineers went to India to attempt the
ascent of Mount Everest, the giant of the
Himalayas and the highest known moun-
tain of the world. The party included the
Englishmen Crowley, Knowles and Ecken-
stein; the Austrian Alpinists Dr. Pfannel
and Dr. Wessely, and the Swiss Dr. Jacot.
They sent Swiss guides on in advance.

The difficulties of getting to the moun-
tain are enormous, and it was not expected
that actual work there would begin for
about a year. It ia not yet known
what progress they are making in their
formidable undertaking, but it will not be
surprising if their first attempt meets with
failure.

It is perhaps natural to suppose that be-
cause Everest is the highest known moun-
tain in the world its appearance must be of
surpassing grandeur. This is not true,
however, at any point of view from which
the mountain has yet been seen by white
men.

It stands in a circle of giant peaks, some
of which are far more conspicuous and com-
pletely dwarf the greater mountain. No
one would suppose that it was as high as
some of the other mountains if the facts
had not been scientifically ascertained.

Mount Aconcagua, the giant of Argen-
tina, was first climbed in 1886 by the Fitz-
Gerald party from England, and two years
later by Sir W. A. Conway. It is probable
that they would not have reached the top
if they had not been accompanied by Swiss
guides. In fact, much of the credit for
all the most conspicuous ascents in recent
years is due to these professional] mountain
climbers.

Aconcagua must still be counted as the
highest peak of South America, although
Sir William Conway is of the opinion that
Sorata overtops it by at least several hun-
dred feet. This distinction cannot be given
to the latter anountain, however, until it
is conclusively shown that it is the cul-
minating point of South America.

The Cook party failed to reach the top
of Mount McKinley this summer, and though
United States District Judge Wickersham
was recently reported to have surmounted
this Alaskan mountain in the past season,
MoKinfey cannot be included in the list of
conquered summits until authoritative
news to that effect is received. Its height
is perhaps not computed with the greatest
accuracy, but it is not far from 20,467
feet.

Kilimanjaro, the giant of African moun-
tains, was finally ascended by Dr. Hans
Meyer after about twenty explorers had
vainly attempted to get above tts snows
to the crater on the top. The ascent of
this mountain was delayed by the fact
that explorers could not induce their black
porters to carry supplies above the snow
line.

The mountain hag now been ascended
several times, and a dozen or more great
glaciers have been discovered moving
down its western slope. The vegetation
of every climatic zone in the world from

     
 
  
   
  
 

 

 

RUSH TO CANADA'S PRAIRIES,

 

 

An Eightfold Increase in Canadian tmnil-
gration in Eight Years Now Recorded,
and Furope Contributed Less Than
TweThirds of the Many Incomers.

St. Pavn, Minn., Oct. 17.—The increasing
crops of western Canada and the immi-
gration to that country from the United
States are two of the most noticeable events
of recent years. They tell a wonderful
story of the development of a hitherto une
productive territory.

In eight years the immigration into Can-
ada has increased eightfold. In the fiscal
vear ended with last June, the arrivals
totalled 126,000, and Burope supplied lens
than two-thirds of the influx. Immigrants
arrived there from every State in the
Union

Nothing in regarad te the development
of western Canada ix more striking than the
inrush of American farmers to till ite fer-
‘ile prairies Kight years ago the num-
ber of Americans who went to Canada with
the intention of residing in the Dominion
Was lowe than fifty In the last fiseal year
there were nearly 60,000 Moet of the new
Brivis, it ie eaid, Lave ample capital, and
practically all are farmers skilled in mod-
°C) gerioultural methods

\ quarter of a century ago, the while
Population of western Canada could be
‘ndicated ip five figures. To-day, immi-
krants are pouring into ite prairies at the
rate of 125,000 a year, These are the peas-
Ante of @entral Kurope, crushed by cen
urles of feudal oppression British
peranives and farm laborers, toiling early
and late for the poantiest of pittances; and
Alierican pioneers whom the steasy pres
rire of a rapidly inereasing population and

he conmequent in the orice of
f

MuarTeanm
“ring binds have discouraged, are mov~
RWI thin tide toward the Nerlh wet

The Canadian Northwest ia that section
of the Dominion Iving between the Great

 

#56 sueeeaa88

SS ee

 

wr Wa i 4H i i
|

"a " "
7 ° D)

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

UNCLE SANS PRINTING SHOP SCHWARZ TOY BAZAR

39 and 41 West 23d Street, N. Y.

F. A. O. SCHWARZ begs to announce the
OPENING of the thirty-fourth

Grand Christmas Exhibition

the tropical to the Arctic in represented
on the aides of Kilimanjaro.

The first man to reach the top of Mont
Blanc, the highest point of Europe, was
the guide Balmat, in 1786. He waa fol-
lowed the next year by the celebrated
physicist Saussure, who made the first
physical observations that were ever rec-
orded on a high mountain.

Everybody knows that in the past century
Mont Blanc has been ascended by hundreds
of tourists, though the climb is anything
but child’s play. It has also been the
most notable field for acientific observa-
tions among all the great mountains.
These observations have been carried out
with special facilities, since an observatory
was established near the apex of the moun-
tain in 1893.

Mauna Kea, the culminating point of
the big island of Hawaii, is frequently
ascended, though the cool temperature
at the top causes much shivering among
visitors who have spent months in the lower
altitudes of this island group. The moun-
tain is streaked with snow the year round
and derives ita name, which means “White
Mountain,” from this fact.

Overlooking Philippine waters in the
northeast corner of Borneo is Kinabalu,
which was first ascended by Mr. Low in
1851. It rises almost vertically above the
surrounding heights and is difficult of
ascent. The natives who live on its lower
slope have stripped the entire mountain
of timber except a few trees and brush-
wood, which survive only on the more in-
accessible precipices.

A few years ago great, stories were told
of a mountain in New Guinea over 20,000
feet high, but later explorations have proved
that this was merely a sailor's romance.
The culminating point of the big island is
Mount Victoria, in the Owen Stanley range
in British New Guinea, first ascended by
the Austrian explorer Martin in 1888.

As the traveller approaches the south
central coast of Sumatra, he sees the isolated
peak of Gunung Korintja, also known

WHAT RAILROADS HAVE DONE.

THEIR SHARE IN BUILDING THE
COMMERCE OF THIS PORT.

Senet

Canal’s Share of Tennage Insignifcant
—It Can Never Megain the Package
Freight Trade Which the Rall Lines
Leng Ago Took From It--No Certain
Future on Which to Base an Experi-
ment That Must Cost $101,000.000
and Invelve Larger Responsthilities.

One might suppose from reading the
arguments of the bargeway promoters
that the railroads played little part in the
commerce of the port of New York, and that
our trade would wane and vanish but for
the canal. They give the impression, too,
that the export grain and flour from the
Weat come to this port by canal or not
at all.

How false this theory is and has been for
many years is demonstrated in the tonnage
figures of the railroads with which the canal
is supposed to bea competing factor. Now
and at all times the canal rate has been of
necessity set lower than the rail rate.
On even terms, there isn't a shipper that
wouldn't prefer to send his consignments
by rail.”

Greater protection from the elemente
and a great advantage in tims are gained.
That proposition is so simple 'n itself that
the canal pamphleteers would aot attempt
to deny it.

Edmund Savage of Parkville, who has a
long acquaintance with the canal question,
has compiled this table, which shows the
tonnage moved by the railroads across
New York and the canals. He gives 1872
because it was the best year the canals
ever knew, 1882 because it was the last year
of tolls on the canals, and 1902 as the last
completed year:

  
 
  
   
 
 
    
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
   
 
  

 

 

 
  

 

by the name of Indrapura, rising above 1872,
all the other mountains. Vapors are Cane are dienes veecese BOTRMNO
almost constantly emitted, and Veth and | N. Y. Central and H.R. Rafiroad .... 4.908.005
Van Hasselt have described its orater ax | Bie Ralrone 4 western Ralirond. 0
very wide and severalhundred yards deep. | Lehigh Valley Rallroad.......-.-.+-..0:.0+++

All the world knows of Fujiyama, the |  otals,............:c0ccesececeseeeseeeeees 16,681,600

highest mountain of Japan and one of the
most symmetrical in the world, though
a very severe earthquake some years ago
partly destroyed the symmetry of the upper
part of the cone. Formerly worshipped
by one of the Buddhist sects, it is the ever-
lasting theme of poetry and art and is often
reproduced in a rather conventional manner
on the porcelain and many other artistic
articles of Japan.

Snows cover its rounded crest for ten
months very year. It completely dwarfs all
other eminences within the horizon and
exceeds by some 3,000 feet most of the other
Japanese volcanoes. Sir Rutherford Al-
cock was the firat European tc ascend
Fujiyama, in 1860, and the not very diffi-
cult feat has since been performed by
hundreds of travellers.

Perhaps Mount Erebus, the great volcano
of Antarctica, discovered by Capt. Ross
in 1841, will never be ascended. It is cov-
ered with snow and ice from its base, and as
it stands on the edge of the sea its entire
height of over 12,000 feet is fully revealed.

The British Discovery expedition has
ascertained the interesting fact that the
twin mountains Erebus and Terror stand
on an island instead of being on the main-
land, as Ross supposed. When Ross was
there the volcano was emitting flame and
smoke, but in recent years it has been
quiescent.

The famous Mount Cook of New Zealand
waited long for an explorer to reach its top
and found him at last some fifteen years
ago in the person of a clergyman named
Green, who, with his Alpine guide, finally
looked down from the great eminence
upon the lower but glittering peaks which
dominate snow fields covering many hun-
dreds of square miles.

Asthe traveller approaches the Island of
Teneriffe he sees while still far out at sea
the extinct volcano Pico de Teide, in ap-
pearance one of the most remarkable moun-
tains and made familiar to most children
by textbook pictures.

The highest point of Java, Gunung
Semeru, is one of the most famous of vol-
canoes. From its crater was discharged
in 1885 a lava stream estimated at over
10,000,000 cubic feet, the first of the kind
recorded in Java, where till recently the
volcanoes were supposed to eject no moiten
matter, but only solid substances, such as
ashes and stones.

No special mention need be made of the
other mountainsin the above list, exceptin
Mount Petermann, on the east coast o
Greenland, which rises over 9,000 feet above
the sea, was discovered by the German
expedition of 1870, and like many other
mountains has lost a part of its estimated
height, for it was long represented as being
12,000 feet high; and Pedrotallegaila in Cey-
lon, which i8 curious in this respect that
no one approaching it would imagine that
he was near the DED aeY point of Ceylon,
because it is completely concealed by sur-
rounding peaks. It therefore cannot be
seen from the surrounding plain, but only
after travellers have entered the moun-
tains.

 

 

Out of the total 98,052,662 tons carried by
the canals and railroads in 1902, the former
obtained only 3.34 per cent., or 3,274,446
tons—two-thirds of which comprised the
local canal traffic; while the railroads which
reported carried 96.66 per cent., oF
04,778,216 tons. ‘

Can there be any more convincing proof
that shippers as a body prefer the superior
facilities of the railroads?

It would require ten such barge canals
as the so called commercial bodies advo-
cate to move the railroad tonnage of 1902
if the east and west bound freight were
evenly divided, and twenty of them if all
the freight moved in one direction.

BUFFALO'S GRAIN RECEIPTS AND COMTRI-
BUTIONS TO THE COMMERCE OF THE
CANALS—SEASON 1901.

The receipts of flour and grain at Buffalo
by lake during the navigable season of
1901, to tons, aggregated 4,430,348.

The shipments to tidewater by canal were,
of grain, 353,344 tons; all other freight,
54,555 tons; total shipments, 407,808
tons.

The canal shipments of grain were a
fraction less than 8 per cent. of the lake re-
ceipts, while 92 per cent. of the receipts,
less the quantity retained for home con-
sumption, left Buffalo by rail.

For the calendar year of 1901 the receipts
of flour and grain at Buffalo aggregated
187,000 664 bushels.

For 1902 the receipts of flour and grain
by lake at Buffalo aggregated 4,375,710
tons. Total shipments by canal for 1902
to tidewater were 316,421 tons, being less
than 734 per cent. of the lake receipts,which,

   
   
   
   
   

JOE GRIM, THE WONDER.

Italian Pugilist Whom Champtons Cannot
Knock Out.

Just now that portion of the sporting

fraternity which fancies prizefighting is
much interested in the doings of a new
fistic star, Joe Grim of Philadelphia. Up
to six months ago Grim, who is an Italian,
was but little known. Three years ago
he was a struggling bootblack with a stand
on Broad street, Philadelphia. To-day he
attracts thousands of people, and earns
over $1,000 whenever he appears in the
ring.
Grim is far from being a great pugilist.
but he can take a pounding that would sub-
due a dezen ordinary mortals without
flinching. He is satisfied to take a dozen
punches to deliver one if he can,and seems
to be in his element when he is being
pounded and smashed all over the ring.
Grim boasts of the fact that he has never
been and cannot be knocked out

During the past six months Grim has
faced, in six-round bouts, nearly all the
noted scrappers in and out of his class. He
has exchanged knocks with such fighters as
Bob Fitzsimmons, light weight champion
Joe Gans, Jack Bennett, Joe Walcott, Peter
Maher, Kid Carter and George Cole. Allof
these bruisers are known for their strength
and hitting abilities. A well-directed punch
from them has often sent ambitious pugi-
lists into temporary oblivion, and defeat.
Grim has tackled them all and was still
up and doing at the finish, ready to continue
the fray, if necessary.

In appearance Grim is an ordinary look-
ing individual, and would failto passé muster
as an athlete, He was born in Naples
21 years ago. He is the youngest of a family
of seven boys, all husky chaps and heavier
than himself, He came to America thirteen
years age with his parents, and settled in
Philadelphia. Before he became a boot -
black he worked in the Cramp shipbuilding
yards. Grim weighs about 153 pounds
stripped, yet all of his rivals, with the
exception of Gans, had the better of it in,the
way of weight. When Grim began his
boxing career he was in the lightweight

ision.
aN hile Grim was fulfilling an engagement

at the London Theatre on the Bowery, he

 

 

Lakes and the Rocky Mountains. It has,
roughly speaking, an area of 760,000 square
miles, and includes the province of Mani-
toba, and the territories of Assiniboia,
Saskatchewan, Alberta and Athabasca.
Practically speaking, it is one vast poten-
tial farm. In Manitoba alone there are
more than 20,000,000 acres of the finest ara-
ble land in the world. There are perhaps
25,000,000 acres more of the finest prairie
grass. unequalled for natural pasture.
Hence Canada's boast that the Dominion
is destined to hecome “the granary of the
Empire.”

The total acreage of that part of the Do-
minion known as western Canada, includ-
ing Manitoba and all lands from there to
the Rockies and about six or seven hun-
dred miles north from the internationa]

boundary, is about 2,321,000,000 acres, | told THE Sun reporter how he became a
Of this, about. 25,000,000 acres are being util- | pugilist. id *
ized or have Deen transferred from the “J got into tig Anne by ae ee
3 j t i 8 for »ads od Grim. “You see

Drown to the rebw aye (oF Doneeends and | piaths wah in that part of Pniladelphia

sland
where a bunch of sporty boys used to re-
side, They patronized me, and one day
Lew Baily, one of the matchmakers of the
Broadway A. (., arked me if | wanted to
make a few dollars by boxing at his club,
I never had a glove on in my life nelore,
but as needed the money I said yes.

weighed about 130 pounds then and Mr.
Ryall, who

for other purposes of production, and there
is this year under crop the ridiculously
small proportion of 3,123,663 acres

From this area of land there has been
raised a crop whieh will give a. financial
return, it is estimated, sufficient to allow
to the total population now resident within
the area outlined, $1,000 as a salary for this
year’s production.

The actual yield of ali grains in western | Baily matched me againgt Lew
Canada this year, a8 estimated from all | fought Terry McGovern a few weeks ago.
sources, including grain men's reports | [tried my best inthat fight. Allmy friends
and railway reports, is put at 110,000,000 | were in the house, and in order to make a

inst about 100,000,000 bushels
Jast year and 41,189,523 in 1801

In wheat there has been this year an
increase of about 4,000,000 bushels. Oats,
barley, flax and other coarse grains have
heen produced this year with a ratho of
increase that i# in keeping with all in-
creases in the West during the last ten
vears. The production of oats is estimated
at 40,418,02! bushels, as againat $4,478,160
last year, though only 36.7 bushels to the
acre were raised this year, against 47.5
4 year ago

‘he barley crop this year is estimated
at 10,900,461 bushels, with an average yield
per acre of 28.6, againat 11,848,422 Dur 1eln,
with an average yield of 35.0 last year; and
us to flax, in 1002 the yield was about double
that of the previous year, The total yleld
of flax this year is estimated at 743,348
Dushels, an average of 11.6 bushels an
acre, againet 664,440 bushels in 1002, with
an average yield of 14.7 bushels an acre

In five years the territorial wheat pro-
duction has almost trebled

bushels, ae a good showing | sailed in, hitting any old

wa Well, 1 knocked Ryall out yall
had a fine reputation then, and naturally
the victory heiped to give mea boost Then
I met Mi Michaels, another local boy, and
although I was floored at ieast nineteen
times | won out on points, From that time
until | became known | engaged in at least
three fights a week. 1 went to Allentown
and Atlantic City and fought to a finish in
wrivate for as much inoney as | could get
n this way | wae able to pick up some-
thing about boxing, and natura ly as
weot on I learned more and more about
fighting ;

“After defeating most of the small fry
I etruck out for Ngher game. Jack Ben-
nett was the frst good man I met. They
thought he would do me up in a hurry
But Pooled him and stayed the limit,
Then came George Cole of Trenton, wha
has fought all of the cracks, He could not
knock me out, After thie [ went agaist
Kid Carter Jack O' Brien ,Charley McKeever,
Joe Gans, Peter Maher aud Bob Fitzsim-

 

=
ee ee

 

       

! ments 14,427,100
By river and coastwise......... 1,361,208 #8
Total... en 136,788,747 100.00
The following railroads brought the flour,
meal and grain delivered at New York
l

ineludi flour az , were 164,730,518
bushels for tbe Sa year.

NEW YORK'S GRAIN RECEIPTS 4ND CONTRI-
BUTIONS TO THE COMMERCE OF THE
CANALS, BEABON 1901.

Flour and grain received at New York
during the vear 1901, flour reduced to ite
equivalent in wheat, aregated 196,788,747

°

bushels, Received as follows:
Bushels P. Ct.
By sundry railroads . 121,015,800 = 8.47

By canal, includin
Oswego and al

Buffalo and
local ship
10.85

during the year 1901, viz:

wap Bushels
N. Y. Central ard Hudson River, 25,283,588
Erle........ 22,572,005

Pennsylvania

P. Ct.

. MATL ME
coe Td 724
-.. 21,074,108
26,230,873
2/006,187
1,805,542
: 121,015,850 100.00
The total tonnage of through freight
clewred at Albany and West Troy by canal.
all classes, was 265,800 tons, which included
all .hipments from New York, the Hudson
River, Albany and West Troy, but cannot
be distributed. Give New York credit for
the whole and here is the result:

Del, Lack. and Western
West Shore ‘
Lehigh Valley
Baltimore and Ohio
Various...........

=--Bsace3
TU2FSVse

{
i

Tons.
206,

. 407, 908
Grand total. rabed cece ee OTB TED
About 19.07 per cent. of the total canal
What better evidence
can be presented that the “commercial
bodies” and their medium, “the
Improvement State Committee,” do not
represent the maere and receivers of
New York and Buffalo, whore preferences
are clearly for the railroads, as shown by
their acts?

The railroads of New York State began
by competing with the canals for west-
bound merchandise and package freight
gerelly, trans-shipping by steamers at

uffalo when the property was destined
to lake ports beyond, or direct to deatina-
tion by all rail, at option of shipper.

This package freight, whether east or

New York's contribution to canals.........-
Buffalo's contribution to canals... ‘eee

 
 

movement for 1901.

 

Per 1882. Per 1902. Per

Cent, Tonnage. Cent. Tonnage. Cent.
40.12 5,467,423 17.00 3,774,446 3.84
26.42 11,330,308 36.47 42,562,586 43.40
33.46 11,806,238 38.28 = - 26,248,675 8.77

; 2,375,011 7.85 7,802,168 o

aR i 18,174,886 18,
100.00 = 31,068,945 100.00 = 94,052,662 = 100.00

 

west bound, has practically left the canal
and can never be regained. The elements
of time, risk and preference of shippers
and merchants are decidedly against it.

The products of animals, of the soil, of
the forest and of manufacture have also
gradually been leaving the canal, which
now carries only an infinitesimal portion
of the whole which comes to this State from
the Lakes. Even lumber has in great meas-
ure deserted the canal, taking the rail in
preference. Dealers can purchase an assort-
ment in small quantity and not carry se
large a stock. can buy oftener and save
interest, insurance, and cost of handling

from weather and mud. Lumber is being
BrouRDs from the Pacific Coast, all the
way by rail.

Almost every cargo of grain arriving at
Buffalo is for an Eastern delivery at a fixed
price, and before it is loaded upon steamers
at a Western port the through transporta-
tion is arranged for.

It will therefore be seen that, so far as
the canal is concerned, the transportation
of commodities to and from the Western
States has been intercepted almost wholly
by the railroads, either at the place of pro-
duction at the West, or the ah opin Doan
at the East, and at the Lake ports or-
ganized lines of steamers, contro and
owned by the various railroads having
terminals at Buffaloand other Lake ports—
the canal being practically isolated from
Western shipping ports by from 700 to 1,000
miles of inimical waters which bring little
or no tribute to its scant and rapidly de-
creasing equipments.

mons, I suppose my friends thought I
would be a cinch for the Cornishman an
that he would kill me. Well, I am still
alive and Bob did not do anything worse to
mine than knock me down, I don't really re-
member how many times. Fitz is cer-
tainly a great puncher. He caught me on
the jaw at least a dozen times during the
fight, yet all I felt each tine ho landed was a
little jarring sensation. He broke a few of
my back teeth, but that wasall. Hecaught
me in the stomach and on the ribs, but the
blows did not hurt me, I cannot account
for it. I'm only made of flesh and blood
and not of iron, a8 some sporting writers
who want to be funny have said. I guess
the reason why I can stand these knocks is
because I am not afraid.
get punched.”

In some respects Grim’'s style of fighting
resembles that of Ike Weir, the “Holfast
ae The latter had the reputation
of being a clown. He would go through
the funniest kind of gyrations in order
to deceive his opponent 4s to his inten-
tions. Grim did this when he started out
as a pugilist. He went through all sorts
of contortions to rattle his rival, and suc-
ceeded in doing so. He would emile in
a ghastly way, throw his hands in the air,
describe circles, gesticulate wildly and cut
up like an Indian on the waroati: Those
monkey shines made hia notorious and
attracted attention. Now Grim aspires
to fight Jim Jeffries, and says that the cham-
pion cannot knock him out in six or more
rounds,

Several prominent physicians of Phila-
delphia have examined Grim, but are at
a loss to account for his wonderful recupera-
tive

I am willing to

yowers. Grim's penchant for taking

mons hammered him repeatedly in that
portion of the anatomy which is termed
the solar plexus, yet it did not seem to hurt
the plucky Italian at all. And vet Fitz
has won all his fights with this one blow

The only other pugilist who possessed
such marvellous powers of endurance
was the late Joe Goddard of Australia.
Goddard offered once to allow any one of the
big men to punch him on the jaw with all
his might. Goddard said that the blow,
no matter how forcibly delivered, would
not put him to sleep, But a few months
later he was whipped by Denver Ed Smith
at New Orleans with such @ punch,

INTRINATIONAL LAWN TENNIS,

Our College Players Send Challenge to
Oxford and Cambridge for a Match.

Unless present plans misearry a joint
lawn tennis tourney between the crack
college players of England and this country
will be a feature of next season's events.
At a recent meeting of the Intercollegiate
Lawn ‘Tennis Association it waa decided
to send u challenge to Oxford and Cambridge
for a meeting, the particulars to be arranged
Juter this challenge is now under con-
sideration by the English universities and a
fuvorable reply is confidently expeoted

In such a tourney the Intercollegiate As
sociation feels sure the Ainerican college
men Would jwore than bold their own. A
niwuber of the crack players are college men,
including William J. Clothier of Harvard,
the ex-college chaiupion, Dewhurst of the
University of Penpsylvania, the
champion, Robert LeRoy of Columbia, who
did 60 Weil upainat the foreigners HoH
Whitman, Harvad. Edwin P Larned, Prince-
ton, Irving © Wayerht, Princeton; and
bk. Mahan, Colunibia

According (0 the present plans it is hoped
that the Oxford and Cambridge men may
be jnduced to play ip this country nest bum
mer, With @ return Viet by the Americans
later The meeting would probably be held
ob the courts of the Merion Cricket Club near
Philadelphia

The championship ol
Tebiiis ual
of the University of Penosylyvania, gives to
that college its firet title to that honor
the introduction of these tourneye in lsas
the championship has gone to Harvard ten
tines, With five to Yale, Princeton hus won
three chutipionships, and Traity, Browa,
and Corpell one each Up to this year the
record in doubles stands, Harvard, 11, Yale, 4;
Columbia, 2 Brown, 1. Prineeton, 1

For the second tine G. A Lyon, a Yale
in the Harvard Jaw school, has
fennia
the

present

Louts

Jitercollegiate
Dewhuret

the

Apsoriution won by

ince

wraduate
wou the Harvard University fall iawn
tourbuinent, defeating My
Nudie, Gerd, Omt, bent,

Bihop in

to a large extent—as they can f sntly | 6° into the scheme.

take lumber peel cars a De te that It was not until 1899 that the first

customers. The lumber thus transported } appropriation for the new printing office

arrives in better shape, dry, and protected | wae authorized by Congress. The limit
|

pl pea ? / than $4,000,000.
punishment, especially in the body, is the Z ' q
more remarkable because hie stomach is | Dé fiscal year, ending June 30, 1904, the
devoid of muscles s0 manifest in well | Secretary of the Treasury will ask Congress
seasoned athletes and boxers. Fitzsim- | to vote $4,500,000 for wages in the printing

 

SOON AE WILL HAVE TRE FINEST
PLANT IN THE WORLD.

—

The New 08.500,000 Fetabiishinent About
Ready for @perations --11 Pays G6.000,-
@00 im Wages a Year Agricultural
Mepert ite Mest Cestly Issue.

Wasarnaton, Oct. 24.—By the time Con-
grees meets Uncle Sam's big new printing
shop will be in apple pie order. It is un- |
doubtedly the finest establishment of its
kind in the world.

The removal of the shop from the old,
ramshackle tnilding which was erected
long before the Civil War by private indi-
viduala who used to do the Government
printing by contract, has been going on
for the past month or six weeks. The old
structure was an overcrowded and unsatis-
factory place, and the wonder is how the
Government ever turned out within its
walls the necessary public documents.
Many of the difficulties were overcome by
having a part of the force quartered in
rented buildings in various parts of the city.

The agitation for a new printing office
atarted in earnest fully fifteen years ago.
Repeated warnings were given by experts
that the old building was unsafe. With
the heavy machinery and type and the enor-
mous quantities of paper and other material
that had to be kept constantly in stock,
it is not remarkable that at times vibra-
tions of the building were felt which almost
created a panic among the thousands of
employees.

When Ford’s Theatre, in Tenth street,
which was occupied by the Record and |
Pension Bureau of the War Department, |
collapsed some years ago and killed a score
or more of clerks, the prediction was made
that, if Congress did not soon provide a
modern and more spacious home for the
printing office there would be another dis-
aster of the same kind.

In those days Washington real estate
syndicates or combinations seemed to have
the power to hold up Congress. But Con-
gress has learned a thing or two; and in-
‘atead of submitting to being pestered by
real estate sharks when a site for a public
building is wanted, it now orders condemna-
tion proceedings. That finally had to be
done in securing the site for the printing
office.

Much delay was occasioned because the
late Gen. William Mahone of Virginia and
his friends made a stubborn fight to sell
the Government a square which they owned.
Mahone had lost most of his fortune; and
Senators, especially, felt sorry for hi:a, be-
cause at one time, while a member of the
Senate, he enabled the Republicans to main-
tain a majority. But the House would not

of cost was then fixed at $2,000,000. A
year later it was increased to $2,429,000.
It will be strange if further appropria-
tions are not called for at the approaching
session of Congress to decorate the inte-
rior, to purchase additional machinery
and to provide furniture and fixtures.

Solidity rather than showy architect-
ure was aimed at in the construction of
the big building. Constructed mainly of
brick, it is pronounced by the officials to
be about as nearly fireproof as it is possi-
ble to make it.

It is @ U shaped building, and the window
frames are of cast iron. Hard woods have
been used throughout. The walls are un-
commonly thick, and there is nothing
of an inflammable nature dividing the
various rooms, under the flooring or in the
roof.

The building has a frontage of 408
feet on G street and 175% feet on North
Capitol street, It is seven stories high,
with basement and attic,and there are
spacious damp proof vaults for storage
purposes under the G street and North
Capitol street sidewalks.

Aside from the large approp riations
for building and repairs, the sum set aside
for operating the printing office proper
has been increasing steadily for several
years at the rate of from $400,000 to $500,-
000 each year. The constantly increasing
demands upon the gigantic shop are re-
sponsible for this.

In round numbers it costs something
like $6,235,000 a year to operate the plant.
Tt is many times more expensive than
similar Government;plants of (reat Britain,
Germany, Russia and other leading Eu-
ropean countries.

Our Public Printer, considering the
onerous duties devolving upon him, his
manifold responsibilities in having to
employ and look after an army of between
4,000 and 5,000 people, is a very poorly
paid official. His salary and allowances
are but little in excess of $5,000 a year.
Hundreds of men at the
enterprises of this sort, and not nearly
so important, get more money than he
does, and certainly earn the salary.

In wages alone Public Printer Pabner
paid out during the last fiscal year more

head of private

In his estimate for the com-

office.

In round numbers the paper bills amount
to $750,000; materials and supplies other
than paper cost last year $480,000, and the
bills for lithographing and engraving
amounted to $240,000. ‘

Uncle Sam's bookbindery is as complete
as skill and money can make it. Much
costly material is bought for this branch, as
the Government is yearly turning out
finer publications. The map printing also
is an expensive and artistic feature of

the work. i :
For some of the so-called little articles

the following amounts are paid out in a
year: Thread, $12,000; t wine, $3,000; flour for
paste, $600, soap, $700; sponges, $X#0

In a single year the enormous number of
1,645,519 documents, including those received
and distributed, were handled by the office.

The labor unions have jiad a firm grip
on the printing office for years, and rat
great is the power of the typographical |
union especially, that the old method of |
wetting type by hand still prevails. All |
attempts made in Congress (o install type-
setting machines have failed

The first signal defeat met by
these organizations was through the staud |
taken recently by President Roosevelt in |

|

here

declaring the printing office an “open
shop” and ordering Bookbinder Miller 1e-
stored to his place in spite of the protes's
of the Central Labor Union of Washington,
the International Bookbinders’ Union, the |
Union

 

International and

others
About fifteen years ago steam presses

were ordered for the Bureau of Engraving
aud Printing in place of the band pre gses
to long in use = The labor unions kicked
up such @ rumpus over this innovation
that the late Congressman John J O'Neil)
of Bt. Louls, who waa then chairman of the
House Committee on Later, + id not rest |

Typographical

uotil the old fashioned hand presses were
restored ‘Thome oppormed to Che une of
steam presses said (hal they caurnec
inferior work, but the offlelale efoutly de
nied the assertion

Employees of the Government: printing

eit

 

nN ce a MT aaa Deere ok

yer ern

‘TOYS,

     

    

DOLLS, GAMES, _
AND HOLIDAY PRESENTS.

 

Se vt TT NSP ATPL, APE TH) CK Ne RRR

vy

  

All the LATEST NOVELTIES

and many specialties made

for us exclusively are now

opened and ready for your kind inspection.
Selected goods may be reserved for future delivery.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed on application.

         
 
    

 

Brooklyn.

 

 

office doing time work receive good wages,
the records showing that exactly 1,886
men in @ year earned between $1,000 and
$2,000 each. Fully two-thirds of this num-
ber averaged about $1,400. Many of the 1,886
received between $1,500 and $2,000.

The most costly publication turned out
by the printing office is the ricultural
report. It cost $220 000 for the issue,
and 2,400 employees were engaged on it
at different times, all doing piece work.

For several years before the expiration
of his last term as Speaker the late Thomas
Brackett Reed weed fairly to rave about
the great amount of printing ordered by
Congress, and he did his utmost to have
expenses reduced, but in vain. He was
always a fierce opponent of giving mem-

bers leave to print in the Record speeches | she said. “The

that were not actually delivered. And
never wandered over to the Senate Chamber
and heard the venerable and _ loqua-

 

N. B.—Please notice that I have no connection
with any other Toy Store in New York or

 

 

 

MAKING TRE LOCKS SHINE,

NEW LIGHT ON SHAMPOOING IN
THE LAST FEW MONTHS.

The Hair Scrubbed, as Well as the Sealp
—The Alr Shampoo—iIndian Meal as
Cleanser—Good Mixtures for Washing
the Hair—Knack in Shampootng.

“I'm tired out scrubbing. I’ve been
scrubbing all day!” And the little sham-=
pooer dropped her arms to her sides and
sank down wearily in a low chair.

“Why? Well, you see, it is this way,”
art of the shampoo

he | changed greatly in the last year, yes, in

the last six months.
“The trick lies, not in scrubbin

hard,

cious Mr. Morgan of Alabama delivering | but in scrubbing earnestly. The hair is taken

one of his noted ten hour discourses that
he did not exclaim; “What a waste of
human time !”

Just before his death Mr. Reed predicted

up into the hands and gently squeezed, and
then the strands are rubbed together, strand
on strand.

“You can tell the minute you get the

that if some plan were not speedily adopted | hair clean. It no longer feels ippery
light. It

to shorten the speeches and abolish the and heavy, but very

leave to print privilege, the Congressional
Record would soon become too v@uminous
for the average libraries.

 

 

YACHTS IN WINTER QUARTERS. | down
possi

Vessels Worth Many Millions Laid Up
About the City’s Waterfront.

ne and
does not slide through the hands, but lies
in them like so much wet thread.

“Then you must never rub soap on the
hair itself, for each hair will be weighted
with soap, and it will be next to im-
ible to rinse it out.

“The good shampooer of to-da
the head with a soap lather which

washes
e makes
out of good fine soap and hot water, with

Between two long piers at the foot of | a drop or-two of ammonia, if the hair be

Twenty-third street, South Brooklyn, fifty-
six handsome yachts are stored for the
winter. A fair estimate of their value
would be $7,500,000.

Over in the Erie Basin there is another’| tween the knuckles.
place where yachts are laid up for the long one, for the hair must be handled
winter. In this basin are thirty-eight | thou
vessels, and their value can easily be placed | TU)

at $5,000,000.

At the foot of Fifty-fifth street, South
Brooklyn, there is another large basin
where chiefly sailing craft are stored.
There are about seventy-five vessels there,
and their value might be placed at about
$1,000,000.

light. They say that the proper amount
of ammonia is one smell of ammonia to a
gallon of water. I use two drops to a gallon.

“The long hair is cleaned by wu a
stiffer lather and the hair is scrubbed be-
The operation is a
as

it were lace, and as though a little
treatment would injure it forever.
e old-fashioned shampooer kneaded
the head, pummelling it as though she
were knocking a punc! ing bag. and pinch-
ing and scratching it, in her effort to mas-
sage it. The results of rough treatment
of the scalp in this manner are very inju-
rious.

“There is another kind of shampoo, and

There are smaller basins all along th® | that is the air shampoo, The hair is taken

Gravesend shore, where hundreds of small
craft are stowed away, and at the ship-
building yards over in New Jersey and on
Staten Island there are many more boats

Up at City Island vessels are hauled out
of the water, and rest on the land when
they are not wanted by their owners.
Jacob's yard is one of the favorite p
to lay up large boats, chiefly sailing craft.
Here is the Reliance, the defender of the
America’s Cup. At Hawkins'’s yard, mot
far away, stands the Columbia, twice de-
fender of the America’s Cup, There are

robably standing on the shore at City

sland about 150 yachts of all sorts and
sizes, and their value will run away up into
the millions. e

A yacht is an expensive luxury not only
while it is in commission, but also even
while it is stored away for the winter. To
put a yacht like the Reliance in winter
quarters costs at least $1,000.

It takes the crew about two weeks to
store the sails and rigging, unship the
spars and stow them awa storehouses
that are built specially for such a pur-
pose, Then the yacht is floated on a cradle
and hauled out on the marine railway.

When high and dry the yacht, still in its
cradle, is moved along the land to its final
resting place. The cost of hauling such a
boat is about $150.

Then the charge for the apace occupied
by the Reliance for the winter will be about
$200. This will include giving such atten-
tion to the boat as may be necessary.
house is built over the deck,and the under-
hody is covered with white paint to pro-
tect it from the weather.

Some of thesmall craft, such aa 30-footers,
are hauled out of the water and placed
in a big shed. This is a little more costly
than IN ne them to stand out in the
storms, but it pays, because there is less
likelihood of the yachts being damaged.

At Tebo's, Manning’s and other of the
South Brooklyn basins where the big steam
yachts are stored the charge is 20 cents a
foot of over-all length a month. A vessel
20) feet over all will cost $49 a month just
for lying in the basin.

There are many other charges, though.
A 200 foot steamer requires two or three
men on board all the time to watch her.
The captain and engineer receive yearly
salaries, and they have to see that the
yacht ia all right. Then there is the cost
of keeping much of the yacht’s furnishings
in storage , : |

Insurance is an important item in the coat
of laying a yacht up. It is reckoned that
the premium when the boat is in commis-
sion in ly per cent. for six months and
one-half of 1 per cent. for the six months
out of commission

A aerious fire in a big basin like those
near this city would mean a big loss to the
insurance companies, but such care is taken |
and so many watchmen are about that |
should a fire start the yachts would soon
he hauled out into the stream and the |
chances are that the loss would be sinall, |

4( the Krie Basin is Col John Jacob |
Astor's Nourmahal, This boat is 247 feet |
over all Jt will cost about $1,500 to lay
the boat up. ‘Then there will be an ex-
jenwe of from $50 to $100 a month for extras, |
Three tnen's wages will be $120 a mornth,
and if the yaeht ia insured for $300,000 the
premium is $) 500

The salaries of the captain and engineer
for six months will probably amount to
$2,000, bo that the total eost of the yacht |
from the time Col. Astor haa her placed |
ont of commission until he orders her |
fitted out again six months hance will be |
about $6,400 That is an illustration of
the winter expense of a big yacht

 

 

Fine Moose for a Jersey Sportsman.

Jerome D Gedney, oneof the Couseiimen
of Bast Orange, No Jo, has just returned
from a hunting trip in Canada, in which,
fear Three Rivers a few days ago, he shot
the largest moose whieh has been Killed in

|
On making hit first |

that section this veer

shot at Che toouee Mr Gedney was about
two hundred yarda from the animal
| It took three shote to bring it down, He
med a 30-40 callbre rifle and soft none

bullets, and hethioks the moose might have
got away if any other sort of bullet had
been used

down and tossed out. It is then gathered
up and spread out over a pole and hung
in the sun to dry. Another way of drying
it is to bring it up through the top of a straw
hat and let it sun.

“Still another way is to shake it out lock
by lock until the sun and air have had a
good chance at it. But this takes two

rsons.”

Hair, which should be a woman's crown-
ing glory, is too often far from being glori-
ous. Instead of surrounding the head in
aureole fashion, it either clings like a wet
blanket or hangs in atrings. Sometimes,
if it be that kind of hair, it sticks out straight,
refusing to resemble anything except a
feather duster.

The hair of young children and of grow~
ing girls is quite different from this. It is
fine in looks and it is also soft to the touch.
Ite texture, while not wiry, is light, and
it takes the curl readily.

The reason why the hair of a grown per-
son does not curl so easily is due to the
accumulation of dirt. Nor can this always
be helped, for the hair, being long, cannot
be shampooed every day, and, since it must
be done up into coils, it very easily takes
up the duat of the street and the house.

There are two remedies, one of which is
to cut off the hair and wear a wig. But,
as few women want to do this, the other
is preferred. Tt is to keep it clean {nother
waya.

a certain young woman whose hair was
very fine and very al and very thick
went to a hair dresser to have it ahampooed,

“Tt has been shampooed twice this week,”
she said to the hairdresser, “yet it is as full
of dust as ever.”

“You will ruin your hair,” said the hatre
dresser, “by washing. it so often. Detter
by far to brush it with a cleansing powder.®

She then took a handful of perfectly
dry, very fine Indian meal and scattered
it over the hair of the young woman, Then
with a soft hairbrush she went to work
upon it, brushing it until the hair was
perfectly free of the meal and the acalp
cleansed. When she had finished the hair
fairly shone.

“It is on the same principle which we
use when cleaning a horse's coat,” laughed
she. “You know they clean white horses
with Indian meal.”

A raw egg is generally considered the
most cleansing and the most harmless of
shampoos. And there are those who shin-
nly break an egg upon the head and rub tt
nto the scalp. But this is not the correct
way, for the egg stains the hair and yel-
lows the sealp. It sticks, too, and ft is
almost impossible to get it out of the hair.

The best shampoo is made by breaking
up bits of toilet soap and — bringin
them toa boil in hot water, To this shoul
be added a teaspoonful of borax to a pint of
shampoo mixture, and, if the hair be efly
a dash of alcohol This can he rubbed
into the sealp and it is warranted perfectly
harmless.

It ia impossible to set any exact rule for
the shampooing of the hair. There are
jieads that should be washed every two
weeks, bul in the majority of cases once @
month, or once in six weeks, is often enough,
Wash the hair whenever it needs it, is the
beat rule that can be given

There are shampoo mixtures that brighten
the hair, and one of these has a little bi-
carbonate of sodo in it. This certainly
tends to brighten light hair, but eare must
he taker not to uae too much or it will
redden it

There are young women who have made
the forelock alinost vividly red, while the
rest of the halr remained a drab ora brown
Jt ia not safe to experiment with a shampoo,
or the hair may be spotied forever, or until
It ean grow our again

A mistaken inpression prevaila ap to
the nature of a sharapoo. It supposed to
be an operation “ h ‘hany woman can per-
form for herself,and which certainly any-
hody ean perform for her

As a matter of fact, \t is a very diffieult
thing to do properly, and requires pole one
who iweiherin th business or who possesses
plent y of talent as an amateur

But the reward is plentiful, for hair that
la property washed f bright and aoft and
pretty, while hair hat ie properly washed,
or ia not washed ut all, le Gull abd Qual
travtive.

 

Ss

f