==

aa

aaa :

ower.

 

Sires er farrier

Lee i A ay
Bi ceca aeneers sy rene ir etree Se tes

 

 

“No mafi can hypnotize the same people
for fifteen consecutive years that is, hyp-
notize their pocketbooks,” said the Rey
A. B. Simpson of the Gospel Tabernacle
in Eighth avenue and champion mission
collector of the universe. He was speak-
ing of the collections taken up there in the
last fifteen years or so. It has been hinted
that Mr. Simpson has hypnotic powers

A few weeks ago at a Sunday morning
service the congregation contributed in
money and pledges—mostly in pled ges,
due for payment within six months—the
gum of $02,222. At a money raising con-
vention held at Old (rchard, Me., last
August over which Mr. Simpson presided
$2,000 in the same sort of currency was put
in the collection boxes, and in August at
Lancaster, Pa., on a sitnitar occasion, Mr.
Kimpson leading, the offering was $37,000—
more than $171,000 in three months, accord-
ing to the figures

Such meetings with similar results have
been going on uninterruptedly for more
than fifteen years, so whatever r. Simp-
son's method may be, it loses none of its
efficacy by use. Instead of diminishing
the collection totals at his church and at
conventions over which he has presided
have grown. And everybody remem-
bers the stories about how the missionary
enthusiasts at these meetings, lacking suffi-
cient ready cash for Mr. Simpson, tore off
their jewelry, pulled out their watches
and cast the | into the collection plates,

Mr. Simpson saya, however, that he has
frowned upon this practice as being too
spectacular. That's why it has been
dropped.

Tt all makes many good church people
less skillad in the art of money collecting
as well as many more unregenerate materi-
alistas open their eyes, If the Tabernacle
congregation was fashionable or rich there
would be leas cause to wonder, But it is
neither.

To he sure, it includes a few persons of
comparative wealth, but its personnel
for the. ost part is made up of plain, hard-
working people. Sweet perfumes and the
musical frow-frou of silken skirts trailed
up the aisles anywhere from ten to twenty
minutes late are not distinguishing features
of any Sunday morning service there.
Late comers if they want to sit down at all
are lucky to get a seat near the door, for
the pew rent system does not go in the
Gospel Tabernacle. All the seats are free,
which is another way of saying that the
first to coyne are the first served, and the
church is supported by voluntary con-
tributions.

In spite of this precarious method of
sustenance, as some think it, the Taber-
nacle has grown in fifteen years from a
membership of 17 to 1,400, and a morning
congregation seldom includes fewer than
1,500 persons. Mr, Simpson never seems
called upon to face the unflattering spec-
tacle of a small attendance.

The building, is comfortable enough,
though far from ornate, but evidently the
last thing. any one hasin mind isto spend any
money to decorate it or to build a more
imposing one, For that matter, the key-
note of the organization might be said to be
frugality in everything but giving and
getting money. The pastor and the assist-
ant pastor live almost as plainly as the
poorer members of the congregation.

What ia the secret of such big coliections
and, if they are genuine, what becomes
of the money? These questions have been
asked idly many times, and there have
been insinuations that Mr. Simpson was
disinclined to converse on the subject.
That is a mistake. This, in brief, is what
he says:

“Almost all the money we collect here
goes to foreign missions by way of the
Christian and Missionary Alliance. We
have a training school for missionaries at
Nyack and a rescue mission in New York,
both of which we take care of, but these
are minor considerations. Foreign mis-
sions come first.”

Mr. Simpson is president and general
superintendent of the Alliance, which he
explains is not an ecclesiastical body in
any sense, but simply a fraterna! union of
people from many denominations. It does
not organize churches here nor require
its members to leave their present church
connection. It works through local con-
ventions, such as those at Old Orchard
and Lancaster, and printed publications,
and it is sustained by voluntary contribu-
tions. Its prime object, to quote from a
report, is “the evangelization of the whole
world by sending out missionaries to un-

 

 

 

 

NO NEW YORK FOR THIS MAN,
WHY CONNAUGHTON OF SING

 

 

Hasn't Been in Town for Twenty-nine
Years Because He Believes He Would
Be Murdered—Criminais Hate Sing
Sing’s Chief Keeper—His Discipline.

Principal Keeper Connaughton of Sing
Sing Prison believes that if he came to New
York he would be assassinated soon after
his arrival. Therefore, although he would
like to visit the city, he has not been here
for twenty-nine years.

In the two score years that he has been
in Sing Sing Prison he has seen many des-
perate criminals go in and out of that in-
stitution, He is a model of what a princi-
pal keeper should be. Big, strong, brusque,
he is kindly to a convict who obeys the dis-
cipline of the jaul, but absolutely merciless
to a refractory prisoner.

Connaughton will not overlook the slight-
eat deviation from the rules of the prison.
His ie a hand of iron,

In this manner he has accumulated about
as fine a line of hatred in the last forty
years as it has ever been the fortune of
one man to enjoy. If he walks through the
shops, no eyes go up to look at him, for that
would be a violation of one of Connaugh-
ton's moat firmly established rules, but there
ig a scowl on faces that a moment before
were expressionless, there is a tightening
of thin Ups, and if you could see some of
those eyes, you would surely find an un-
natural fire in them,

And why ia all this hatred directed at one
man in an institution employing hundreds?

It ia only to he explained by considering it
from the side of the con vict

‘The warden of the prison te merely a po-
lideal appointee who draws a salary, says
the prisoner to himeelf. Whether he is
there or not, the institution goea on. But
the principal keeper conducts the whole
institution.

‘

ee eee Se aes
TERS Terie te hade - aba

MAMMA A H™

Rev. A. B. Simpson Tells of Raising Millions.

oe eS

 
 

 

—_—— RAARAAAAA SA SAA

oceupied and neglected fields and conduct -
tia the work on evangelistic, economical
and spiritual lines.”

Mr. Simpson makes it clear that the
Gospel Tabernacle is an independent
church, not directly under the control of
the Alliance. The Alliance,
practically the outcome of the Tabernacle,
and in view of the collections taken up in
the latter from time to time, most of which,
Mr. Simpson says, goes to the work to which
the Alliance is pledged, it is easily seen
that if the Tabernacle is independent of
the Alliance, the Alliance is by no means
independent of the Tabernacle.

Although Mr. Simpson does not sav 80,
he has admirers who declare without hesita-
tion that he is the head and front of the
Christian and Missionary Alliance and of
the work it represents in foreign landg,
and that the conventions over which he
does not preside are not nearly so pro-
ductive as those where he is present.
Simpson himself, when the question was
put direct, admitted modestly that in the
last fifteen years he had assisted in raising
something like $2,000,000, Last vear alone,
he says, the Alliance received and dis-
bursed more than $214,000, nearly three-
quarters of the sum being distributed
among its missions in India, China, Japan,
the Philippines, Africa, Palestine, South
America and the West Indies. These
represent about 300 American missiona ries
and 100 native helpers.

Mr. Simpson says that none of the mis-
sionaries receives more than $300 a year,
or just living expenses, and th ere are no
paid officers at this end of the line, The
board of managers of the Alliance give
thelr services. So much for the question
of what is done with the collections taken
in at the Tabernacle. On this topic Mr.
Simpson talks readily.

But when it comes to the other question
of how he induces people to turn their

ocketa inside out for foreign missions, he
is not 80 satisfactory. If he posesees hyp-
notice powers, he certainly manages to con-
ceal the fact when out of the pulpit. Fle
speaks simply and without rhetorical flour-
ishes. His manner is sineere and kind,
without being in the slightest degree im-
pressive. He never appears to be making
an effort. And yet there are few men
more energetic.

As an older generation will remember,
something Jike a quarter of a century ago
Mr. Simpsom was pastor of the Thirteenth
Street Presbyterian Chureh, and werking
along in a respectable, unemotional groove.
He wanted free seats and evangelistic ser-
vices, though, and the Bee vy of his con-
gregation didn’t. Then Mr. Simpson bade
the Presi yterian fold farewell and began
holding evangelistic services in theatres
and gospel tents. That was twenty years
ago. Afterward the Tabernacle was
started,

When asked about church collections Mr.
Simpson was silent for a moment. Then
he replied: ; .

“The simplest explanation I can give of
the large collections we take up from time
to time is that the passion of giving has been
aroused in the heart of nearly every mem-
ber of the congregation—of the poorest as
well as the richest, the youngest as well as
the oldest.”

“But how is it that you can arouse a pas-

however, is

sion that seems to be almost dormant in |

other congregations, even though they are

under the care of faithful and efficient |

pastors? Is it by appealing to the emo-
tions?” , .
“No. I appeal rather to the conscience.
The flery logio of truth with an earnest
heart behind it is all that is needed. I[
point out that to withhold a proportion of

one’s income from the Lord’s work is a!

breach of trust. I use plain language and

I try to make my meaning perfectly clear |

in the most matter of fact way.

“On the occasion of the last big collection j

in thischurch [ preached fromthe text, “We
are verily guilty regarding our brother.’
I had intended after appealing to the con-
science of my hearers to close with one or
two illustrations that might, as you would
say, stimulate the emotions. But my in-
tention wasfrustrated. All of a sudden my
voice gave out, because, I suppose, [ had
been using it unmercifully the week before
at a convention. So I sat down without
finishing the sermon and with the remark:
‘I guess I have talked long enough.’

Almost at once @ Wornan sitting near,
without waiting for the plate to be passed,
stepped up and laid $15 on the platform.
And that was the beginning of one of the
largest collections we ever hed in the church,
But the giving is very seldom spasmodic.

“Only this morning I was told that an
organization of fifty young giris in the
church, all working girls, none of whom,
I suppose, earns more than $9 @ week, has
pledged itself to give $2,000, or enough to
pay the salaries of three missionaries.
That this will mean rigid self-denial to some
of them—the cutting out of ice cream and
ribbons--I am pretty sure. But I haven't
a doubt those girls will keep their word.
They have acquired the passion for giving.

*To my mind there is no other seeret in
our big collections.”

 

 

 

At Sing Sing, it is Connaughton who pre-
pares the death chamber for an execution,
and this alone would win him a fair share
of hatred. No one who has not actually
seen a manifestation of it can understand
the feeling of the convict on the day of an.
execution, A legal killing is to him the
extreme of the persecution he thinks he is
enduring from society.

It is Connaughton who oversees the
working and the idle moments of the con-
victs, who prescribes what they shall do
day by day, what their hours of exercise
and recreation shall be, who punishes
offenders against the rule. In fact, Sing
Sing and everything odious about it to
these unfortunates is represented by Con-
naughton, 2nd men acquire a hatred of
him that they carry out into the world
with them afterward, and never relinquish

Connaughton knows tils, and while noi
underestimating what it may mean to him
some time, laughs atit, He is brave enough
to come to New York, but he is too prudent
to come,

He knows that there are always at least
1,000 men in New York who have tasted
the bitter lash of discipline at Sing Sing,
and that of them, @ certain percentage
have vowed over and over again to kill
him at the first opportunity, He realizes
that he might go into New York and get
out again without his presence being known
to these men, but he knows that there are
in New York to-day men who would kill
him or try to kill him if they ever met hin
in this city. He believes that thore are
men who would take desperate chances
to get at him, though they wouldn't riak
a day of their liberty again for any amount
of money.

Connaughton has had some great men
under him in hia time He has had Ferdi
nand Wards and John Y. MeKanes and
Al Adainaes by the score, but no desperate
bank burglar, in for twenty years, or mur-
derer, in life, has ever had reason to
complain that the lot of fallen great men
has heen made easier by Connaughton
than his own, Connaughion makes ming
Bing one of the greatest leveilera in the
world, He ie impartia) if be is strict,

— eee ST
ee

MAKING CHURCH |

ee

MEMBERS GIVE.

Mr. |

| THREE FORS OF CHAMBERLAIN.

FORMER COLLEAGUES TO FIGHT
AIS TARIFF SCHEME.

 

Str Michael Hicks-Beach Has Long Been
at Odds With Him—Lord George
Hamilton's Spectal Grievance—Mr.

When Parliament meets, Joeeph Cham-
berlain and his tariff scheme will be vigor-

; | Ritchie's Way of Getting at the Facts,
{

» | ously attacked by three 1ormer members

| of the Unionist Cabinet— Sir Michael Hicks-
, Beach, Lord George Hamilton and C, T.
| Ritchie. Some facta about the careers
j and characters of these men will serve to
explain their present position

They are all Tories of the old fashioned
type. They are all Parliamentary veter-
ans. They dislike Mr. Chamberlain and
all that he typifies.

Mr. Chamberlain’s most dangerous foe
in the House of Commons is undoubtedly
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, who resigned
the Chancellorship of the Exchequer in
August of last year because, as he did not
hesitate to tell his friends, there was “too
much Joe” in the Cabinet.

Liven before the South African war Lord
Salisbury had to use his utmost personal
influence to maintain a semblance of har-
mony in the Cabinet between Sir Michael
and Mr. Chamberlain, It is said that at
one meeting, toward the end of 1898, after
a bitter duel of words, they rose excitedly
from their seats and seemed about to fly
at each other's throats, Other members
of the Cabinet hastily drew them aside and
| calmed them, but the meeting broke up in
} confusion,

Certainly Sir Michael and Mr. Chamber-
lnin were not on speaking terms at that
| time, nor for long afterward, Sir Michael

seemed to take pleasure in cutting his col-
league in the House. A Liberal Member
of Parliament, who wanted some informa-
tion on a question of finance, went to Sir
Michael for it and remarked to him:

“Mr. Chamberlain advised me to come
to you.”

“Mr. Chamberlain? I don't know him.
Who is he?”

“How absurd! As if you don't know!
I we the Secretary of State for the
Colonies.”

"Al, ves, I am officially uainted with
the Seeretary of State for the Colonies.
But [ don't know Mr. Chamberlain.”

Sir Michael is an old man now, and his
| avesight began to fail him as far hack as
1886, but he is a great fighter still, and
his personal dislike of Mr. Chamberlain
will lend zest to his attack upon the latter’s
tariff?’ schemes when Parliament meets.

The Right Hon. Lord George Francis
Hamilton has a special personal grievance
against Mr. Balfour. He considers that
he was induced to resign his office as Sea-
retary of State for India under false pre-
tenoss

That is no small matter for Lord George.
He is a very poor man, and his official salary
of £5,000 a year was extremely important
to him

Hoe is the third son of the first Duke of
Abereorn, who had a large family but very
j little money. As a consequence, his sons

have to hustle for a living,
| Lord Claud, the second son, is chairman
of the Great Eastern Railway and bears

the reputation of being the best railroad

manager in Great Britain. Lord Frederick,

| the fourth son, used to edit William Waldorf

j Astor's Pali Mall Magazine. Lord Ernest,

the sixth son, writes magazine articles

and historical romances. ‘The “handsome
| Hamiltons” they are called in Scotland.

Lord George entered Parliament when

| he was 23,and has been there ever since,
|
{
'
|
!
|
'

 

He became a member of the Government
at 20 and a Cabinet Minister at 40. He is
now only 58, which is youthful for a British
statesman,

Personally he is a genial, kindly soul.
One evening in 1808 he was walking shiolok
the strects of Ealing, the constituency
which he represents in the House of Com-
mons, on his way to dine with Sir Montague
Nelson, the local leader of the Conservatives.

He noticed a poor old washerwoman
stuggering under the burden of a basket
of newly laundered clothes which she was
taking hotne to a customer, He stopped,
politely relieved her of her burden, and
j asked her where she was going.

“To Sir Montagne Naldonteehounel sir,”
she replied,

Sore men would have dropped the bundla
under the circumstances. Not so the
He carried it to the house
and delivered it to the well trained butler,
who received it calmly, as if Cabinet Min-

} Duke's son.

ij isters brought home the laundry every
day. Then he went in and enjoyed his
dinner

|

|

|

|

Lord George is a fine sportsman, and
especially fond of golf, cricket, shooting

fand cycling. He was the first prominent
British statesman to ride a bieyele, and
he was also the first Cabinet Minister to
give ont a newspaper interview on politics.

Although he sat in the House of Commons
for thirty-five years, he always seemed
very nervour there. He is usually fidget-
ing, and when he fs going to make a big
speech he has a curious trick of tearing
scores of sheets of foolseap paper into
tiny fragments end throwing them in the
alr around his seat.

On busy nights in the press gallery the
remark is often heard, “Thank goodness,
wel] soon get a rest. George Hamilton
has started his snowstorm.” The reporters
never trouble to take notes of his remarks,
He has a wretchedly bad delivery, and is
aware of the fact. He, therefore, sends
typewritten copies of his speeches up to
the press gallery.

|

 

The Hon. Charles Thompson Ritchie,
who has resigned the office of Chancellor
of the Exchequer, is a Scot, like Lord George
Hamilton, and no cannier Scot than he
could be found from John o’ Groat's to the
Border.

Ritchie has never been famous as a silver
tongued orator. But since he first entered
Parliameng, in 1874, his fellow members
have recognized lum as one of the best of
business statesmen.

Thus he became a power, and for many
years no Conservative Cabinet has been
complete without him.

“Kitchie is a permanent institution,” Mr,
Chamberiain is said to have remarked
sarcastically. “He is as much a part of
the furniture of the Cabinet ehamber as
the table itself.”

 

He has no surface brilliance, but he
possesses that infinite capacity for taking
pains which is said to be the attribute of
gonius. When he was president of the

Board of Trade he was responsible, among
st of other things, for the welfare of

a le

the British merehant sailor

He hod to adiinister the Merchant Ship-
ping acl and devise rules and regulations
for (he proper treatment of poor Jack
ashoie and afloat, An ordinary depart-
mental head would have been content to
receve reports from his inspectors,

Not so Kitehie. He would leave the
splendor of the Carlton Club and go down
to Wapping, Deptford, Rotherhithe and
ollier reearts of sailors. There he would

diszuise Himeell as a sailor and spend even-
ings in the crimp shops, opium dens and
Verbs Shere seatunog men congrepated,
in (hat way he fougd out some startling
(ruliie about coffin elilps, shanghaied sailors
and Bourd of Trade Inspectors who never
Inspected anything except the champagne
in the skipper’s cabin, The subordinate
olfiela’s of the department used to have a
bad tine of it when Ritchie returned from
these expeditions

He would take up a report, beautifully

written and neatly tled with red tape,
Which stated with pleasure that the ad-
mibisiiation of the erchant Shipping act

Wis how u complete success in Wapping
Ue would stile and ring for the writer,

"Ab, Jenkins,” he would say, “this report
ie cletightfui Nhinge seem to be going
beautifully, don't thoy? No drinking, no
ewindiipg of Uuderwiilere, bo murder, ho

——

el eneeigeeieemeeeeseree eee eens eee ee SSeS SSS SESSSNSSNSINNS NES eSDeRAEEESSNSSEEENUEEEe operat oe ee ee
ke

 

rk ships. Wapping is becoming
." the gratified

“I'm glad to think
official would reply, “that our efforts have

borne good fruits.

“I suppose so. Jenkins, have you ever
in your travels around Wapping, made the
acquaintance of a gentleman called One-
Eyed Pete?”

“No, sir.”

“That's a pity. He is worth knowing.
Last week he shanghaied three boys and
out them aboard a tramp bound for Yoko-
nama. He runs an opium den where the
Sie omners are apt to disappear once in a
willie,

“Lascar Jem is, perhaps, a superior
practitioner; but he's in the hospital just
now with a knife thrust. He mace che mis-
take of trying to get a dago's purse before
the dago was thoroughly cle i

“However, you could go down and intro-
duce yourself to Pete. He might give you
same valuable material for your next re-

port.

Mv. Ritchie has never come into violent
conflict with Mr. Chamberlain, as Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach has done; but there has not
pee much love lost between them at any
time.

Although a Tory of the old fashioned
school, Mr. Ritchie has initiated and carried
through Parliament more social legislation
for the benefit of the laboring classes than
any other British statesman,

All these measures have proved to be
beneficial and successful, so that when Mr.
Ritchie tells the British workingman to be-
ware of the dear loaf he will at least re-
ceive a respectful hearing.

WORK THE ROAD FOR CLOTHES.

Men Who Get Car Companies to Pay Their
Tallers’ Bilis.

“I started to get on a Broadway car the
other night,” said a club man, “when the
motorman, who had slowed up for me,
suddenly turned on the power with the
result that my coat caught in the hand rail
and was ripped down the front. I was
thrown on my face on the road, got sev-
eral bad scratches, and one of those fine
three cornered cuts in the seat of my trous-
ers.

“I didn’t mind the shaking up or the
scratches, but I was sore about my clothes,
and the next day I went to the claim agent
of the road with my clothes in a bundle,
and demanded an order on my tailor or
some equally good tailor for a new suit.

“The claim agent looked me over care-
fully for fully three minutes then without
asking me a single question wrote out an
order on the cashier of his office for $60,
which I said was the value of my suit.

“If you would rather have an order on
your own tailor for a suit at this price,’ he
said,as he handed me the order, ‘I’ll give
it to you.’

* ‘IT would,’ I said, so he tore up the other
order and gave me an order on my own
tailor.

“The whole proceeding struck me as
being very queer. I had the number of
the car on aslip of paper, but he never asked
me for it. I was prepared to describe the
exact circumstances of the accident, but
he apparently didn't care to know anything
about them.

“ "My friend,’ I said, as I put his order
in my pocket, ‘how can you afford to give
me an order like this without any idea of
who I am, or whether I am an impostor or
not? Why, you haven't even looked at
my ruined clothes.’

“Don't want to see’em,’ he said. ‘I
see you, and that’s enough. In this kind
of cases, I don’t look at the damaged clothes,
I look at the man with the claim. I make
up my mind in a minute or two whether he
{s on the square or not and I act accord-
ing to my judgment. If I had decided
against you, you would have had to go
through every court in the State before
I yielded an inch.

“Then he offered me a cigar, asked me to
sit down and then told me a rather queer
story about clothing claims. He said:

“There are more claims for clothing
against us than anything else. Men and
women by the score come here everv montn
with some damaged article of clothing,
demanding that we replace it, as it was In-
jured by one of our cars.

“‘'Thereare some fellowa, I believe, who
have not bought a suit of clothes for them-
selves for years. They work us for them.

“ ‘Some are out and out impostors, others
manage really to get their clothes stained
or torn on our cars, so that there will be at
least a semblance of legitimacy in their
claims. The real bona fide claims are very
rare.

“‘A favorite trick is to come in and say
that clothes were burned in a fire in one of
the trolley cars. Just 80 sure as the news-
papers print an account of a fire in one of
our cars there are two or three claimants
for new clothes, new hats or new shoes
in to see me.

“Tt is the same thing with a collision.
After a collision, whether {t’s between two
cars, or a car and a truck, the claimants

begin to drift in the next day. Inninecases
out of ten these are pure frauds.

*'I see all these claimants personally.
I think I can tell the fraud right away.

“Sometimes I allow myself to be cheated
by these fellows, because there is little doubt
in my mind about them. but in most cases
I turn them right out; and never hear any-
thing more from them, In other cases [
can tell that the claim is all right.

“‘In your case I know you suffered this
loss through the carelessness of one of our
conductors or motormen. It was enough
for me that I believed this. The facts of
the case are not interesting to me.’ ”

 

 

Cowmen In Arizona Furnish a New Version
of Damon and Pythias.

Puanrx, Ariz., Oct. 24.-The story of
Damon and Pythias is recalled by the tie
of friendship binding two Arizona cowmen.

Shorty Dallas and Joe Roberts came to
Arizona from the Middle States and set-
tled in the Blue River country near Clifton,
which to this day remains secluded and
more or less untouched by civilized ways.
Their friendship had no limitations, ao that
when Roberts killed cattle that belonged
to another man Dallas also broke the law
to aid him. 24

Roberts was caught red handed, but
with a big six-shooter in either hand he
shot his way through a circle of peace offi-
cers who surrounded him, With the officers
hot after him Roberts rode to the cabin of
Dallas at a mad gallop.

Dallas assured the posse in pursuit that
he had not seen Roberta and believed he
had fled in another direction. His state-
ment was accepted in good faith and no
further search was made there.

Roberts rested tranquilly in Dallas's
cabin while the search went on. Then he
filled his bele with cartridges, stocked his
sack with “jerky” and wended his way
towurd that bourne from which gun men
seldom return Mexico,

When he thought his pal was safe Dallas
went to Clifton and, ignorant of the law,
told the joke of the undoing of the posse.
The victim of the joke, Jake Parka, ee
the amusing tale and straightway arrested
Dallas for the penitentiary offence of har-
boring a fugitive.

Dallas was placed under bonds and re-

a

ceived a lesson on the legal requirements
of citizenship in the Uni . Rob-
erts was aa f he Warned of

‘av away,
his partner's woul. He announced that
he alone should suffer for the cattle killing,
and he surrendered himself to the author:
tiles to seoure the release of '

The authorities then lecty: him from
modern commentaries, a both man
are under srteat or plowbous infringe-
ment of lawe, wh seoins strange to

em.

‘POTTER AS
A HUMORIST.

Specimens of the Sayings That
Have Earned Him a Reputation
as a Wit.

BSHoP

 

 

“There goes the humorist of the Episcopal
Church at large,” said a recent Minneapolis
visitor to New York, as Bishop Henry
Codman Potter passed by. “He's got

just as much reputation for his wit inour |

Church us he has by reason of his being
the head of our most important diocese.”

“My dear Bishop,” a clergyman in a
bustling Western town is alleged to have
said to Bishop Potter, on the occasion of
the latter's visit to the parish to deliver a
lecture, “if—ahem—you—ah-—could manage
to keep from putting too much—ah—fun
into your talk to-night. My people—ah—
take their religion seriously, really, don’t
you know!”

Bishop Potter’s reputation as a humorist
is widespread. It is not limited to the
organization of which he is one of the best
known heads. This is due to his ability
to furnish his own Joke whenever it is
necessary, and to store away for future use,
when it will be pat, any good story he may
hear.

San Francisco is still repeating and
laughing over the good things which the
Bishop said on the occasion of his visit
to that city two years ago to attend the
Episcopal convention.

At that time the citizens vied with one
another to honor him. The Bishop was
kept busy declining the invitations that
he had nct time to accept.

But one invitation that he did avail him-
self of was to occupy the magnificent resi-
dence of William Crocker. The house is
a showy one, situated upon Nob Hill, where
the early California millionaires built their
homes.

One day a San Franciscan was showing
the group of residences to a friend who
was visitinginthecity. As theyapproached
the Will Grocker home he eprung the
treasured joke which he had been saving
for the right moment.

“This,” said he with a flourish, “is Mr.
Crocker’s Pottery.”

He did not recugnize the gentleman
who was at that moment descending the
steps. It was the Bishop, who could not
help overhearing, and who had a twinkle
in his eye.

“I beg pardon for correcting you,” he
said, “but you are mistaken. This is Bishop
Potter's Crockery.”

While crossing on the ferryboat to San
Francisco from the railroad station, Bishop
Potter came upon a staircase across which
a chain was suspended with a sign reading,
“Passengers are forbidden to go upon these
stairs until the boat stops.”

“I want to go upon those atairs,” some
one overheard Bishop Potter say.

“Why?” inquired one of his friends.

“Because of that sign,” answered the
right reverend gentleman.

“I have the same impulse,” put in the
Bishop of Albany.

“Come on,” said Bishop Potter.

And the two of them ducked their digni-
fled heads like two boys crawling under
a cirous tent and sneaked under the chains,
one eccleataatical hat being badly disar-
ranged by the performance.

“There's nothing interesting about this
lower deck,” said the Bishop of Albany,
looking about. The boat had not yet
stopped.

“Not about the deck,” explained Bishop
Potter impatiently, “but don't you see
the pleasure in it? We were told by that
sign not to do it.”

It is a well known fact that the Bishop
disapproves of the reckless giving of alms.
He believes in saving alms for the deserving
needy. ;

Somebody relates the story of the Bishop’s
being stopped by a street beggar one even-
ing as he was hurrying home. He is never
in too much of a hurry to stop when he
thinks he may be of use, so he paused,
even though he was a hungry man and
dinner was awalting him a long way off.

“What's the trouble?” he asked the man.

“Can you help a poor blind man to a
night’s lodgin’?” began the usual whine.
“I haven't a penny in my pocket, sir.”

The man was a hearty fellow with a
patch over one eye, the other one being
closed. The Bishop turned his head
for an instant, and when he looked back
he saw, in one quick glance, the hitherto
closed eye of the beggar giving a wise wink
to a friend who stood beside him.

The Bishop dived into his pocket and
brought fourth a bogus coin that had been
passed off on him a little while before.

“Don’t you think if I give you this my
alme will suit your affliction?” he said.

The Bishop has a gentle laugh up his
sleeve for the extremists of ihe antique
craze. He lives in a modern home, and
he does not believe in carrying the fad
for antique adornments to excess,

“Let's have old things when they are
useful or beautiful,” he says, “but what’s
the sense in living like our ancestors when
we know how to be more comfortable than
they?”

He has some friends who carry this fad
to its extreme limit, and the Bishop has
merrily rallied them many a time on their
mania.

“Don't take to cliff dwelling for the sake
of being fashionable,” he said to them
once.

His own home displays a good electric
bell that announces the caller by a shrill
modern burr that resounds loudly. But
one day when he called at his friends’ house
he was surprised to find no button which
he might press. In its stead was an old
bronze knocker of rare and early design.

The Bishop applied himself vigorously
to the task of rapping. Noanswer. Mean-
while he could see smoke coming out of the
kitchen chimney, and, by the hour, he
knew that some one was preparing dinnor

He was anxious to see the family, for
a pressing matter had caused him to call,
so he was tantalized by the sight of the
smoke. But the gate that led to the side
entrance was locked, 60 there was no pos-
sible way to enter except at the front.

He knocked harder, No answer. At
last, tired of waiting, he took out a card
and scrawled acroes its back:

“I have decided not to come in, after
all, as IT have carelessly kept on twentieth
century garb.”

 

A member of a well known acientific
society of New York tells of the Bishop's
being invited to address that learned b. dy,
and when he arose the natural expectation
was that he would begin with some eulogy
of the wonders of science. But, instead,
the scientisie were surprised with the fol-
lowing:

“Gentlemen,” he said, “a lively young
person tella me that she has at last dis-
covered the use of a professor, She thought
he was a creature made to |ook severe in
the schoolroom and to ask unanawerable
questions,

"These things were of no use, But now
he has been to a play wherein the pro-
fessor is pictured as # most amusing per-

ete esecenennreeessreoneenmnnneseasasansemesonees asemeeenee es ee aw

 
 
 

umbrella.
* ‘He was a perfect foil to set off the:

noble hero and the charming heroine,
she explains. ‘That's surely what @ pro-
fessor is for—a background aa a relief
against which the rest of the world may
look delightful by contrast.’ ”

The Bishop is not only a good talker,
but a good listener, and he can appreciate
the other man’s joke. A friend once told
him an anecdote about Boss Tweed that
he erjoyed heartily and afterward incor-
porated into one of his published papers
with the friend's permission, He is averse
to adopting the usual method of telling
another's story in the first person.

This tale runs to the effect that Tweed,
on one occasion, was standing with a group
in the Mayor's office, when a large diamond
—as big as a strawberry, the Bishop says~
rolled upon the floor, Some one of the
group picked it up and passed it around to
find its owner.

“Not mine,” said one after another.

Tweed fumbled with his garments for
a minute, then reached for the stone.

“It must be mine,” he said. “I see I've
lost one of my suspender buttons.”

STATEN ISLANDS LOOKOUT.

Memories of a Famous Oak Recalicd by a
New Tower.

The United States Coast Survey has
begun the erection of a tower on Todt Hill,
about 400 yards from the residence of
David J. Tysen, the highest point on Staten
Island. The tower will be 75 feet high,
and will be capable of signalling to the
Government building on Manhattan.

Truly, history repeats itself. The value
of this particular spot as a look-out or
signal station was known tothe Aquehonga,
as well as other tribes of Indians, prior
to the advent of civilization in the New
World. Within the memory of very old
citizens of Staten Island, with whom the
writer has conversed, there stood near the
spot now being prepared for the tower a
giant ocak tree which the Indians used in
signalling with friends.

According to tradition, the Dutch used
the same oak tree from which to tell the
officials of Nieu Amsterdam what was
happening on Staaten Evelandt, and along
the Het Kill van Cul and the Achter Cul,

now corrupted into Arthur Kull.
Col. Heard and a portion of his New
Jersey regiment were on) duty at this spot,
on the arrival of the army of Sir William
Howe in the lower bay, and signalled thence
|

 

 

to the block fort that stood on the heights
of the present Fort Wadsworth. From
there the troops on Pavilion Hill (at the
present, Tompkinsville) were signalled, and
by the aid of field glasses old Israel Putnam,
at his headquarters at 1 Broadway, learned
of the approach of the British Army.

Gen. Washington, then quartered at
Richmond Hill, in the house in which Aaron
Burr resided at the time of the duel with
Alexander Hamilton, also received the
news of the arrival of the red coats through
the same system of signalling. That was
the third day of July, 1776, and was the
last day the island was in control of the
Americans until the evacuation.

In the War of 1812 the oak was constantly
in use. The writer once interviewed an
old veteran who did service there.

He said that a stationary ladder was
fastened to the trunk of the tree, which
enabled the men_ on duty, four or five at a
time, to climb fully seventy-five feet in the
air. In the daytime, red, white and green
flags were used for signalling, while at night
lanterns of thesame colors were anipieyen

“White always meant that everything
was all right,” said the old soldier, “while
green meant that an attack gyvas probable,
and red that there were actual hostilities.”

The old tree for years after the war wasa
source of revenue to the owners of vehicles,
wha conveyed atran from the boat
landings to Todt Hill. The oak seemed
to grow in importance as the years sped
by, and it is said that during the year pre-
cading its destruction more than a thousand
pene climbed up through its carved and
‘well worn branches.

A target company, whose members be-
longed the old volunteer fire depart-
ment and had served in the War of 1812,

id annual visits to the old tree and kept
or many years Old Glory nailed to the
highest branch. Throngs of New Yorkers
accompanied the target company to the
scene.

The equinoctia] storm in the autumn of
1827 destroyed the old oak. Among the
souvenirs made of ita timber was a cane
for Lafayette, and scores of gavels and
other trinketa were made and presented
to the heroes of the day.

The tower is going to be a very attractive
adjunct to Staten Island. From its bal-
cony one will be able to see every part of
Staten Island, as well as the country for
many miles around.

 

A GIFT TO SHAKESPEARE'S TOWN.

Replica of Tom Nast’s ‘Immortal Light
of Genius’ Given by His Widow.

The librarian of the Shakespeare Me-
morial at Stratford-on-Avon, England, in
his report of the more notabie gifts of the
year, refers to a picture presented to the
Memorial, by Mrs. Thomas Nast. This
oil painting, by the late Thomas Nast,
entitled “The Immortal Light of Genius,”
is a replica of a picture painted by the
celebrated American cartoonist for Sir
Henry Irving, who presented it to the
institute founded by William Winter on
Staten Island. The artist, feeling that in
this picture he had put his best work, made
a replica for himself.

After Thomas Nast'’s death, his widow,
in pursuance of her husband's wishes,
the replica to the governors of the Shakes-

are Memorial, Stratford-on-Avon, and
it now adorns the entrance to the theatre
there. The scene represents the room in
which Shakespeare was born. ‘The “Im-
mortal Light of Genius” emanates like a
nimbus from the head of a bust of Shakes-

pare to which the shades of Comedy and
rageoy offer wreaths of laurel.

The conception is in Nast’s best manner,
the rich sombre color tones heighten the
effect of the supernatural light surround-
ing the poet's image, and the marvellous
treatment of the ghost-like figures is inimi-
table. The picture is a finely executed work
of art, worthy of the high reputation of the
artist. Through the generosity of Mrs.
Nast, it is now most appropriately placed in
the actual shrine of Shakespearian drama,
in the poet’s natal town, where it will be seen
by thousands of Shakespearian students,
both English and American.

ave

 

He Was Speaking as an Gutsiier,

  

 

Litthe Bo-Peep--Say, Tige, I’ve lost my
sheep again Haven't seen anything of ‘en, |
Have you? |

Tige Why, yea, | did gee a couple while
I was at dinner” They must be somewheres
‘round here now, but I ean’t lay my band
ou ‘ew just this minube

a a AT

MR, TOLER’S RYE ON BILLIONS.

 

AND HE'S TO HAVE A QUARTER
OF THE POT, IPF HE WINS.

 

780,000,000 the Estimated Profit of a
Wall Street Broker and X-Sclentist
When the New Harlem Waterfront
Gets to Its Rightful Owners—-Has Put
Up #100,000--Genealogical Bureaa,

Henry Pennington Toler may be remem-
bered as the most daring gambler in real
estate that New York has ever known,
Playing with chips for which nearly $100,000
of his own money has paid, the stake he is
to win or lose is enormous.

Some say that the value of the property
is $3,000,000,000. That is as good an estimate
asany. The property consists of the water-
fronts along the East and Harlem rivers,
from Seventy-fourth street to Spuyten Duy-
vil Creek, the north shore of Manhattan
Island and the waterfront along the Hudson,
from the north end of the island to 129th
street, together witl much of the land lying
bet ween.

Back in the days when this island of
Manhattan was the property of monarchs
over the seas, that part of it lving north of
a lire extending from Seventy-fourth street
and the East River to 120th street and the
Hudson River was known as the town of
New Haarlem. By grants of two English
Governors, Nicolls and Dongan, it was
ceded to twenty-three freeholders of the
corporation.

They were: John Delavall, Resolved
Waldron, Joost van Oblinus, Daniel Tour-
neur, Adolph Meyer, John Spragge, Jan
Hendricks Brevoort, Jan Delamater, Isaao
Delamater, Barent Waldron, Johannes
Verme!je, Lawrence Jansen (Low), Peter
van Oblinus, Jan Dykeman, Jan Nagel,
Arent Haramnse (Bussing), Cornelius
Jansen (Kortright), Jacqueline Tourneur,
Hester Delamater, Johannes Verveelen,
William Haldron, Abraham Montanie, Petor
Parmentier.

These royal grants insured the citizens
of New Haarlem in the possession of their
homesteads, but they did not include, ao-
cording to Mr. Toler, the present water-
fronts, which are made lands. It is asserted,
therefore, that the present owners of the
waterfront property are really squatters.

The legal principle on which this conten-
tion is based has never been raised before,
it is said. It is asserted that under the
grants of Nicolls and Dongan a corporation
known as the Town of New Haarlem was
created, and to that corporation and not to
individual residents therein was granted the
property within theltown limits.

It is asserted that the corporation never
alienated its original rights to anybody
that its existence has never terminated
and that it holds to-day all of the prop-
erty which it acquired by royal patent
except so much as it disposed of by regu-
larly recorded deeds. Therefore, {t 1s
asserted that the tract which used to be
known as the Town of New Haarlem, ex-
cept such portions as the original patentees
disposed of, js owned by the descendants
of those patentees.

It was two years ago that Mr. Toler
became interested in an investigation of
the titles to property in New Haarlem.
He had gone but a little way when {t seomed
to him that the property was held by a
great many persons who had no legal title
to it. The law firm of Toler & Nutting, of
which his brother William Pennington

Toler is the senior member, looked tha
matter up and told him that he was right
about it. Thereupon, he decided to quit
the Stock Exchange, of which he was a
member, and to devote himself to recover=
ing the New Haarlem lands from their
present owners.

In order to get at the basio facts for
litigation, it was necessary that all the
descendants, or as inany as could be found,
of the original twenty-three patentees,
should be traced. To do that Mr. Toler
equipped a bureau for the purpose of trac-
ing genealogies.

That bureau is now doing its work in
part in the Exchange Court Building,
and in part at 44 Broadway. All told,
he has on his payroll, including genealogista,
copyists, stenographers and other clerks,
something more than fifty men and women.

The tracing of the descendants of the
patentees has taken the tracers to Eng-
land, the Netherlands and France, to India,
Africa, South America and the Philippine
Islands. It is estimated that there are
40,000 of these descendants, and up to last
week 20,000 had been run down.

The expense of all the work so far has
been borne by Mr. Toler, and the expense
of any litigation that may be started will
be borne by him. If the litigation suo-
ceeds he is to receive 25 per cent of the net
proceeds. If the value of the property in
question is $3,000,000,000, Mr. Toler would
receive $750,000,000.

Mr. Toler has proceeded so far in his
work that he has called a meeting of the
descendants of the patentees to he held on
Noy. 30, in the hall of the Casino Com-
pany at 124th street and Seventh avenue.
Technieally, the descendants have heen
called together for the purpose of holding
atown meeting. This is on the theory that
the Town of New Haarlem {fs still tn ex-
istence, and that no business can be trans-
acted, relative to the town a8 @ whole,
except through the agency of a town
meeting.

From this meeting Mr. Toler expects
to obtain authority to begin the proper
litigation. Withinamonth after the meet-
ing, Toler & Nutting will institute tn the
United States Circuit Court for the South-
ern district of New York a test suit ayainst
gome one of the present holders of the
property in question.

The holders of the disputed property
include some of the wealthiest. of New
York’s land owners. The Rhinelander
and Astor estates have large hold.nes In
the territory, as have former Vice Presl
dent Morton, Russell Sage, the Triniry
Chureh Corporation, the Christian Brothers,
the De Peyster, Schermerhorn, Bro« at
and Cutting estates, the Cons hited

Gas Company, the Interurban Street hal
way Company, penienor u ‘ a ’

shrew Orphan Asylum, the Cote
hereeared Heart and the House of Me

ot to speak of the New York Central et
not to speak of Bail

road and the Manhattan Elevated

why : : ee
Mr, Toler was born in Newark In 16%

He was graduated from = Princet \ ;

the class of '86, after distinguishing |
as an athlete ; a
Not long after leaving the univers
he became member of the Cor
Exchange, having formed a jar!
with bis brother, under the firin
later

Toler Bros. Bight) years
ohased a seat on the New York
ehange and formed a partneretiy
Charles D. Halsey, a roomate af
ton

fle lent health, failed to reg
through the aid of physiekans, tried f
iat ejence and wa eured He be
Woenthuela motlw ulbiaet of fair
ji. Hie pate ter di ike theer
and requested a ternuiun n of

t

my was don and Mr. Toler fer !
pur with man named t
ui {} firm tate { ‘Toler Ad
A few duys ago be sold bile eet of
hex ye for $5,000 and annour
he ow yolw to devote rs r
fine the future ae mode tae eee
to i the rolaes of Chrletian med
ato "4 na the wrongs done the «
Beehdaule of bbe owhe ve ul New Luuarem