SS OPER MET

 

 

Rot 40,000 Plurality for McClellan Is What
the Tammany Men Talk About—Bet-

ting Inching Up to Favor Low—No
Republican Stay-at-Homes This Year.

With the closing week of the municipal
campaign at hand, the Citizens’ Union cap-
tains and the Republican major-generals
believe that the Low ticket is far in the
van; on the other side, Leader Charles
F. Murphy and his friends believe that the
McClellan ticket is a sure winner.

Eminent fusionists predicted yesterday
that McClellan’s plurality in the b>roughs
of Manhattan and Tne Bronx would not be
over 20,000, and that Low would carry
Brocklyn by anywhere from 40,000 to 50,000
plurality, and would win on election diy
br not less than 25,000 plurality in the greater
city. Leader Murphy was not disposed
to put his claims into figures, but some of
his friends said that McClellan wculd have
a plurality in Manhattan and The Brorx
of 65,000; that he would carry Queens and
Richmond, and that Low would not get over
25,000 plurality in Brocklyn, which would
elect McClellan by over 40,000.

There is a ciflerence of opinion in the
two camps as to which year the political
mathematicians should take for their guide
in making prophecies this year. The fu-
sion people say that 1901 should be taken
asa guide, inasmuch as it wa; a municipal
campaign year in which s(tict party lines
were not drawn. The Democrats, on the
contrary, stick to the figures of last year,
when there was a strict party fight between
Coler, the Democratic cancicate for Gov-
ernor, and Odell, the Republican cancdi-
date

The fusior ists and their Republican allies,
in making up their claim that Low is to
he elected by certainly not less than 25,000
plurality, point out that in 1901 Edward
Mo Shepard, the Democratic cancidate
for Mayor against Mr. Low, carried only
one borough, that of Queens, and this only
by the slender plurality of 561; whereas
low, Mr. Shepard's fusion opponent,
carried Manhattan and The Bronx by 5,667,
Brooklyn by 25,787 and Richmond by 763,
making a total plurality in all the city of

Then the fvstonists ask if McClellan is a
stronger candidate than Shepard was in
1901, and almost to a man they say no, and
they point that Shepard, if any Democrat,
could have been relied upon to capture the
independent Democratic vote of Brooklyn.
The fusionists say that Low is very much
stronger in Brooklyn than he was two years
age, because of the land itnprovements in
South Brooklyn and the lessened taxes.
The fusionists also rely to a great extent
onthe attitude of Hugh McLaughlin and his
friends toward the McClellan ticket.

The Democrats point out that Coler ear-
ried the entire city by a plurality over Odell
of 122,533, as follows: The boroughs of Man-
hattan and The Bronx, 86,604; Brooklyn,
28,514; Queens, 7,160; Richmond, 2,355

The Democrats, speaking of Bro: klyn,
say that it was demonstrated in i901 that
no Denioerat, no matter who he is, cancarry
the borough of Brooklyn in a Mayoralty
tight. They adioit that there is a vast inde-
pendent spirit in| Broeklyn and that this
independent sentiment always comes out
in municipal campaigns,twhereas in Guber-
natorial and Presidential years it is almost
entirely forgotten, as illustrated by the
plurality for Coler in Brocklyn last year.
Whereas Low, in the Mayoralty fight in
1901, carried Brocklyn by 25,387, this was
entirely obliterated in the Gubernatorial
campaign in 1902, when Coler carried Brock-
lyn by 26,514.

‘The Democrats note that Charles A. Schie-
ren was almost as popular a Republican in
Brooklyn as Mr. Low has ever been, and
that Schlieren carried Brooklyn by the
heaviest Republican plurality in the history
of that city in a Republican Mayoralty
fight. This was in 1893, when Mr. Schicren
catried Brooklyn by 32,000 plurality; but
he was aided, it is insisted, by Democrats
who were angry against the Le nocratic
Mayor, David A. Boody, up for reelection,
because he had signed the resolutions of
the Board ot Aldermen permitting the
trolleys to gridiron Brooklyn. ‘Ihe trol-
leyizing of Brooklyn at that time was very
unpopular, and Republicans and Demo-
crats joined in defeating Mr. Boody.

Raports as to the situation in Brooklyn
are to the effect that the districts in South
Brooklyn are very strongly in favor of
Mr. Low, while the districts in the Eistern
District, or old Williamsburg, part of which
is still known as Old Dutchtown, are more
favorable to Mr. McClellan than they were
to Biepard in 1901.

Leader Murphy's friends, besing their
calculations on 1902, declare that McClellan
will carry all the boroughs, just as Coler
did last year, and they go on to say that
the vote for Coler last year represented an
antagonism to the natio:.al and State o-
ministrations which, if anything, has been
jitensified within the past year. It was
known last year, though, that 40,000 Re-
publicans were stay-at-homes, but there is
no such showing this year. In the
Republican districts you may find dis-
katisfaction with Mr. Low’s administration,
but not to the extent of personal feeling that
was shown against Gov. Odell last year

the Poemucrats are bending all their
eergies toward making the fight a clear
cut one between themselves and the Re-
publicans, but up to this time, in the opinion
of conservative people, they have been
harely successful, and many folks have an
ideathat the MeCellan ticket from the start
has been on the defensive. And then there
i, the betting, which some days is even on
Low and MeClellan, and the next day the
against MeClellan. Old) sports-
men said yesterday that, just as in 1901, the
tidieations pointed to cdds of 11 to 7or 10
to 6 in favor of Low before this week is
out

Of course, almost every vote that Devery
gets will Le taken from Tammany Hall,
aid there are wide differences us to the
Devery yote, some putting it at 5,000, and
a very few putting it above 10,000, But
jn a year like this there are many Demo-
rites Who say MeClellan Cunnot spare many
Votes to Devery,

{f the Democrats vote their ticket”
McClellan will be elected, is a saying that
vou will hear in all of the boroughs, and
this statement is made with a full under-
Mal ding of the attitude of Mr. McLaughlin
and tis frierds toward the MeClellan ticket
But then, thie saying ip based entirely
upon the returns in 1902. Tf anything like

ccéds are

 

the secuiment prevails this year that pre-
Salle 1001, jt is a calm ard diepassionate
Blaloment that Mr. Low will be elected

It js verv sure that never were there
®iuany critics as this vear of the conduct
6 campaign. The fusionists were all
yied Up over their ticket to begin with,
the Democrate. ‘the meet-
Wip hether for the fusionimts or for the

Aji ¢ were

De rate have been by no means eo large
46 they were in 1901, and it je remarkable
‘hat ojteide of certain centres Little or bo
Whose obtaius in the campayen
A netter of fact, many polliclane on
beh bides cre attending alredy to their
‘0 affairs and it is left for the | arty
forker ) the orators and the Lewes
pelere to keep up @ modicum of te reel
vty Fu the of | jon of many Beed
| fenture of the situation eannel
' hrophetically dwelt upon The two
er eoshiotan whieh @orfrone they
. in the Citizena’ Lpton and the
md pe abd in the Demuerath
sf
t jrter to Chie petit ipal
1 Wie ao Oppurent i every
' ew York ely wn Mw?
oe Vier rove sentiment ws the ony
MH ley ) i thet amacvg juraivy
he a ee

 

a TEE A cl

=

TWEED'S COURT HOUSE CARPET.

Ambitious Loot, but What Is It te Cloth
of Gold for the Canal?

When Tweed had built his Court House,
which has stood as a model to plunderers
ever since, he furnished it. His Comp-
troller paid bills for furniture and carpete
amounting to $5,600,000.

That was a weave of carpet that paled
the achievements of all men who had lived
before Tweed.

Now the people are asked to vote $101,-
000,000 to lay a ditch with cloth of gold.

Tweed in his grave may shrivel in his in-
significance.

BEAUTIFUL REVOLUTION.
Curious Chinese Document Circulated by
the Revolutionists,

HONOLULU, Oct. 11.--Honolulu is to be the
centre of a campaign for the overthrow of
the present Chinese dynasty. Dr. Sun
Yat-Sen, the leader of the revolutionary
movement, is already here, and Leung Chi-
Tso, the head of the Bow Wongs, will arrive
soon from San Francisco. Practically all
of the Chinese in Hawaii are members of
the reform party. There are now about
twenty-five thousand Chinese in the islands.

Dr. Sun, who has just returned from an
extensive tour through China and the prov-
inces, is confident that it will not be long
before the aims of the reformers are ac-
complished.

“I think the outlook for the revolutionary
movement is very hopeful,” said he yester-
day. “The Chinese people are awakening
and l am strongly of the opinion that they
will end the Manchu dynasty.

“I believe it is the desire of the Imperial
Government to permit Russia to retain her
hold on Manchuria and annex it perma-
nently to the Czar's realm. ‘The reason is
that the Imperial Government realizes that
the people are flocking to the revolutionary
movement, and begins to see its own weak-
ness, ‘Ihe Imperial Government finds that
it needs a Power to protect it from this inter-
nal movement and believes that fussia will
do 80 if permitted to hold Manchuria,

“ihe affair of the Supao eaitors and the
writers of the book wiuch the Supao edi-
toriaily indorsed, has cone wonders In
bringing this great matter before the people.
‘Lhe pook was written by a boy of 47, and
was called “The evolutionary Army.’
'Yhe Supao editors were arrested and perse-
cuted and, Jor the tirst time in the history
of the Chinese binpire, the Government
appeared in the courts as plaintit against
some of the people as detendants., 4 tis 1s
an advances over the former custom, where
heads were cut off without trial. the two
men who wrote the pamphlet surrendered
tothe poiice. | he whole miatler was a gvod
thing tor our movement. Lwelve eajitions
had been published when it was suppressed,
and it is how being published in .o.io and
distributed broadcast in’ China. i here
probably never were such strong words
printed in China before. We nov. openly
advovate revolution.”

The following is a transiation of a few
passages from the book which caused all
the trouble for the Supav editors:

“In order to clean the soil of China and
educate ite people to become George Wash-
ingtons, to save its soul fron heilto heaven,
wemust sweopaway the
archical laws, get rid of
slavery spirit exclude th
like Manchus from Chine
260 years old jusult. Hurrah!
est (and gigantie revolution!
beautiful revolution, hurrah!
revolution!

“LT willsiart f onthe Great Wal! up to the
mountain, then down tothe meuih of )ang-
tee-Kiang auel lift to tae 4
raise the banner of freedom
of liberty and preach to my
sisters of yo and old that 1
avoid revolution in Ching to-day if we want
to get rid of Manchu. ff we want 3
with the world powers “se camnot avoid
the revolution, Tf we want
for life in the twentieth century we cannot
avoid the revolution.

 

 

 

 

 

 

the 4.000 years o.
$000,000 animal-

 

Hurrah,

ring the bell

  

Wonderful ! .
! takes, es all of us have made, but no man

o march }

If we want our be- !

          
      
      
       
     

pa

wuovenarsoldmone |

‘lin hes been its stalwart leader of the party

and wash off the |
The high- }
‘end defeats.

cllow River to ,

brothers and |
we cannot ;

\

to struggle &

loved country to be a powerful nation ont

the face of the earth we cannot avoid the
revolution. Revolution is law of progres-
siveness, the will of God, the right of man-
kind, and the necessity of transit in struge
gling for life of a nation.”

 

 

CARPET COMPANY LOBBED,

Four Arrests for Thefts of Wool From the
Nartford Corporation.

William E. Lyford, the superintendend
of the Hartford Carpet Corporation at 609
West Forty-third street, complained to
the Detective Bureau a few days uso that
his company had been systematically robbed
of wool for several weeks. Mr. Lyford
estimated the firm's loss at $25,000.

Four Central Office men were detailed to
the case, and yesterday they arrested two
drivers employed by the carpet firm, a
friend of one of the drivers and Louis
Pflugner of 152 West Fiftieth street, who
keeps a junk shop at 408 West lorty-first
street.

The detectives followed two wagons that
left the carpet company's yards yesterday
to the junk shop. There five bags of wool
were carted into the junkman’s, The
drivers of the wagons, John Walsh of 550
West Forty-fourth street and Joseph Flan-
agan of 520 West Forty-sixth street, were
arrested, So was William Gould of 569
Eleventh avenue, who, the police say, helped
in the thefts.

When Pflugner was arrested he and two
of his employees were putting the stolen
wool up in bales.

NEGRO HUGGER CAUGHT?

Miss ‘Trumbull Identifies A. J. Beard as
Man Who Squeezed Her Sister.

Arthur J. Beard, 37 years old, a negro
Cining car waiter living at 60 Merseles
street, Jersey City, was arrested yesterday
afternoon for hugging Miss Loretta Trum-
bull, 21 years old, of 157 Virginia avenue,
ina West Side avenue trolley car last Thurs-
day evening He gave $300 to appear for
examination on a charge of assault’ and
battery. ek

Miss Trumbul startied a carload of pas-
sengers by telling a negro who sat next to
her to take his arm away from her waist.
The man escaped in the excirement, and
Miss ‘Trumbull went Into hysterics, She
was taken to a drig store and sent home in
a City Hospital ambulance, Miss Trumbull
was unable to go to Police Headquarters
yesterday to see the prisoner.
“Miss Estelle Trumbull identified Beard
as the negro who hugerd her eister, She

said that Loretta is still euffering from
nervous shock as the resuil of her ex-

perienee

Zeus d strenuously denied thi
arm around Mises Trumb W's va
admitted that he was on the car,

he put his

$70 FROM PVERY HOUSLVOLD

Varnes if the Canal Vote

Is Yes.
Verplanck Colvin of Albany |
canal scheme for which you are asked on
Tuesday, Nov. 3,
$101 ,000,000, OF bay $70 oul of the pocket of
every family in the State, would ¢ ventually

tn Additional

ays that the

eection diy, to vole

  

vost $500,000,000, or puy $560 for every
family ip the State, Gov Odell bimeelf
puld wat one time Chat the outlay might
eventually turn out to be §655,000,000, or
say 6! 6 for every family in tie State
Vhs ie a elogan for e} e ton day Vote
bgaliie! tue barge Catal of heuer Benefl
Carer. be speculators’, the contracture
the pioroies Who guy for Ww? You
It means higher tiuxes for titty yeare direct
apd indiveet. Higher rente, bigher ee tees,

Lewvier @ A penees with me return

Rew York Golf Club Incorporated,
Atsany, Oot. 24, The Sew York Golf
Club) Wie neorporated toeday lo promote

the wane of gout and kusdred eporte in New

Yorke vlty The trueten are Willian
breelund, Alfied © ravet George W. Dor
an Willigen MO Moon Howard J. Curry
fy ube Taylor and Le vd ober

SAYS DEVERY HAS CITS’ MONEY

PROMISED

 

GROUT SPRINGS HIS
SENSATION.

 

Through a Mr. Hunter, He Alleges, Devery
Got 8400 in July, 8400 in August,
#400 a Week in September and During
Campaign as Much as They Can Afford.

Comptroller Grout, in the Academy of
Music in Brooklyn last night, made the
specific charge that Devery is in the pay of
the Citizens’ Union. On Friday, in one of
his speeches, Mr. Grout hinted at this, but
last night he made the assertion without —
qualifications, and, moreover, mentioned the |
amounts of money Devery had been re- |
ceiving and the name of the intermediary ,
through whom the money had been paid. |
Mr. Grout ¢aid:

Devery in this campaign is not trying
to elect ine Vemocratic Livhet, but the Low
ticket. Now, that is perfectly evident to
the man in the street. He sees that. Dev-
ery is running for that purpose. Now, 1
will give you something further. ,

“Last summer Mr. Devery got a. little
tired of the game and wanted to quit, an
there was an arrangement made by which
the sum of $400 for the month of July and
the sum of $400 for the month of August
was paid to a Mr. Hunter to keep Mr. Devery
at his game, with the promise that after
September that would be increased to
$400 a week and when the ganpalge got
hot as much as they could afford.

“That money was not Democratic money.
It came from the Citizens’ Union people
and if I had known on the 15th day of Sep-
tember, when I returned from my vacation,
that any such corrupt bargain as that would
have been made I never for a moment would
have thought of accepting the renomina-
tion on the fusion ticket.

The advertised purpose of the meeting
was to ratify the Tammany nomination,
but although Pat McCarren and numbers of
his followers, Bird 8S. Coler and many
McLaughlin supporters were on the same
Pao: it was apparent that the feeling
yetween the two factions has not lessened.

Mr. Coler presided at the meeting and it
was said last night that McCarren had pub-
lished Coler’s name as chairman without
firat getting his consent. Coler, it is under~-
stood, was decidedly averse to presiding at
a meeting for the ratification oh Grout and
Fornes, but that McCarren had placed
him in a position from which he could not
escape without starting the Brooklyn
faction fight anew.

However, if McCarren did play this trick,
Coler had his revenge, In his opening
address he said that McLaughlin was a
good nough leader for him and ought to
0 or all ood Democrats. McCarren
listened to this statement without movin
a muscle of his face, and alhtough some of
the audience cried “How about it, Pat?”
his face was as expressionless as though
Mr. Coler’s wards had never reached him,

Mr. Coler was urging his hearers to work
for the election of the candidates of their
party and to settle their differences after-
wird, when he rem: rked:

“It may be well, at the outset, for one
who hes heen a candidste of the party at
other times, and es such received distin-
guished consideration frorm the citizens
whom he served, to make some reference
to recent events, lest there may be a mis-
understanding of the position he occupies,

“Forever forty years Mr. Hugh MeLaugh-

inthis county. He hes been with the party
through many ups end downs, victories ;
He has made warm friends |
bitter enemies, and doubtless mis-

and

living has ever accused him of betraying
® friend, of doing a dishonorable act, or
abetting an immoral nufsence.

“As long as this man lives and continues |
to take an interest in public affairs, be is a }
good eros? leader for me, and s believe |
r all gf Lemocrate.”

Anoti er ist. that Mr. Coler gave to
the McCarrenites was on allusion to the |
absenca of Moron W. Littleton. Mr. ,
Littleto is the candidate for Borovgh !
President of Brooklyn and from the time !
he opposed the nomination of Grout and
Fornes at the convention, he has never
for a moment ceased that opposition.

McCarren has ordered that Me shail not
be allowed to speak at future Tammany
meetings. Consequently, he was not in-
vited to last night's meeting.

Mr. Coler promptly drew attention to
the fact thet Mr. Littleton was the only
important candidate who had not been
asked to attend the meeting.

“T regret very much the absence of that
able young ian,” said Mr. Coler. “He
represents the Brooklyn idea in this cam-
paign, and also the man who has defended
that idea for many years, and I know that
he will have the loyal support of every
Democrat in the county.”

Inasmuch as the “idea” Mr. Littleton
represents is distibetly oppoed  to_ the
presence of Grout and Fornes on the Tam-
many ticket, this statement made by Mr.
Coler at a meeting called for the express
purpose of ratifying Grout and Fornes
tended o give a peculiar, if not anomolous,
twist to the meeting.

KILLED BY A THROWN STONE.

Man Who Was Mixed Up tn the White
Swindle Meets Death Mystertously.

 
  

for

 

 

SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Qct. 24.—W. E. Latti-
mere, aged 41, the leading merehant at
Woodstock, east of Urbana, last night
closed his store and was entering the gate
of his home when he was struck in the
back of his head with a stone. He pulled
a revolver and shot in the direction from
which the stone came, The stone broke
Lattimere’s neck, and he died within fifteen
Munutes.

Several years ago Lattimere took sub-
scriptions and sence large suma of money
to the White syndicate in New York, which
swindled people out of Uiousands of dollars,
It is the weneral impression that some one
of those who were swindled sought
revenge.

LEFT HIS KEY IN THE HOUSE,

 

 

Attempted to Enter Through a second
Story Window, but Fell and Was Killed.
Urica, Oct. 24.-Mathew J. Everett, a

retired merchant of this city, left his resi-

dence last evening to spend a few hours
ataneighbor'shome. After he had started
from his residence he recalled that he
had left the key within, and, returning,

Ciituibed the veranda end attempted to enter

the house through a second story win-

dow. He slipped cff the roof to the ground,

His dead body was dis overed this morn-

ing by his wife,

Attempt te stop Welr Fishing.

TRENTON, N.J., Oct, 24, Seven fishermen
of Seabright, N. J., have begun suit in the
United States Court against the firm of
Liven West, which is now operating fish
weirs in the tidewaters off the New Jersey
coast from Galilee, near Seabright, and
extending a mile and half into the Atlantic
Ocean, fhis case involves the much
mooted point cf rights of fishermen to take
fish by the weir method off the coast of
New Jersey and within the three-mile limit.

New York Banhers Leave for Home.

San Francisco, Oct. 24. This morning
the New York “Bankers’ Special” pulled
out for southern California laden with New
York tihanciere there were 125 in the
party. The firet plop on the home trip
was inmade al the Del Monte torday and
to-morrow (he train will proc eed to Bata
Barbara and Los Angeles, where the party
will Le gueele of the Loe Angeles bankers

Tablet to a ead Veacher
A large bronze tablet in memory of the |
Puthill, who died @ short |
wae principal of Puiis |

late Charler A
tine ago and who
Behoo! 96, in afayetleavenue, near Throop,
Brooklyn, for thirty-three years, hae been |
juced in the main hallway of the #ehool
Nhe tablet isa good likeness [1 wie put

up by bie frende in Brooklyr Cnider |
it ie the followtny Jnaeripiior "IMM th

jw The workin be dead, but lie Wor |
wll ibves

= ir

t and

   
     

to-day to merchandise the very

DOWIE STOPS IN NEW HAVEN.

Goes There to Inspect the Big Organ
—Students Give Him the Frog Chorus.

NEw Haven, Oct. 24.--Dowie came to
Yale quietly this evening and 1,000 students
were disappointed ¢hat they did not have
a chance to greet him as they greeted Carrie
Nation when she was the guest of the “Jolly
Fight,” a Fayerweather dormitory social
squad, a year ago.

Dowie got mixed when he came into Con-
necticut from the North, for he had his
special car attached to the afternoon ex-
press on the New Haven Railroad cut off at
Hartford, thinking that Yale University
was in that town. He was starting up
Capitol Hill looking for Yale when he was
told that he would have to walk thirty-six
miles in a southerly direction before he
would find that university.

He had just tine to rush like a wild man
back to his special and have it hooked onto
the express for New Haven. Dowie went
directly in a closed carrigge from the sta-
tion to Woolsey Hall on the new Yale ¢:m-
pus, where he had Harry Rowe Shelley,
the Brooklyn organist, show the new $50,000
Newberry organ. The Prophet had a
couple of organ builders with him.

He is planning to build a temple in Zion
to accommodate 17,000 people,and he wants |
to put plenty of music into it. He thinks |
the Yale organ, which is the largest in the
United States, would be about the right |
size for his auditorium,

Before Dowie got out of Memorial Hall
the news was spread that he was on the
campus, and the students began to flock
there. They gave him the Yale cheer and
the frog chorus and he turned to the young
men and said:

“God bless Yale and peace be with you
brothers.” Then he drove to the station.

 

 

DOWIE ABANDONS TRIP WEST,

His Fallure to Get Money tn This City Will
Compel Him to Stay in Zion City.

WAUKEGAN, IIl., Oct. 24.—Dowie's failure

Restoration Host has met there hi ve put an
end to his plan to take the host to the West
and convert the farmers, He had hoped
to make a sucesss of his work in New
York and to colleet enough money to pay
the heavy debts which are gathering over
him in the Ulinois home of his followers,
snough more to take &,000 Lovieites
to Salt Lake City, where they would spend
a month in the home of Brigham Young.
The plan to visit Milwaukee, only twenty
miles from his home, has also been aban-
doned and hereafter Dowie's efforts will be
exerted at Zion City.

 

 

POOL'S BROTHER IN BELLEVUE,
The Magistrate Brings Ldgar Poot to the
Insane Ward.

Edgar Pool, a brother of Magistrate
Poo), wastaken to Bellevue Hospital yester-
day afternoon and put in the psychopathic
ward. He was brought to the hospital
ina closed carriage by his wife, Mrs. Harriet
Pool, and the Magistrate.

Some secrecy was mnaintained in getting
Mr. Pool irto the hospital, Ii stead of tak-
ing him irto the reception rocm, as is te

customary procedure, he was at or ce hurried |

tothe psvehopathic ward, a ds6 me hours
had elapsed before it was ge. ciaily kKnowa
that he was in the hospital.

Dr. Packer said that Mr. Pool was suffer-
ing from senifiy and would probably be
transferred to Ward's Islund to-day or
Lo-morrow,

Mr Pool is a retired merchant.
72 years old.

He is

 

SAVS *“SUEENY” HARRIS IS HERE.
Arrest of the Man Who Assisted Him to
Escape From Schoharie Jail.
POUGHKEEPSIE, Oct. 24.—Edward Kain,
alias King, who assisted “Sheeny” Harris, |
crook and safe cracker, to escape from
the Schoharie jail, was arrested at Smith's |
Landing and taken to Cobleskill to-day. |
K»in says that Harris is in New York city,
and makes his headquarters in a saloon
kept by an Italian, the location of which
has been cormmmuinicated by Chief of Police
Abeel of @atskill to the Pinkertons. Harris
is accused of complicity in the murder of
Night Watchman Wilsen, at Cobleskill,
who was killed while trying to_ prevent
Harris, “Whitey” Sullivan) and “*Goet”
Hinch from robbing a bank, Sullivan and
Hinech have since been put to death at

 

 

WaTERTOWN, N. Y., Oct. 24.—George W.
Williams, the Brooklyn commission mer-
chant, who was arrested on an order in a
civil action brought to recover for hay sola
him for which he failed to pay, was re-
leased this morning. His brother, Frank
Williams of New York, came here ard
made an amicable setilement with all con-
cerned.

oe een teem

The Weather,

‘Tho weather cleared in the northern Atlantte
States yesterday, bul rain was falling from Virginia
to Georgia along the coast ine, Flsewhere over the
country the weather was clear, The pressure
was high throughout the tnterior of the country
and low on the Pactie and \tlantic coasts. There
was a storm apparently some distance southeast
of Florida. The winds were high northeast from
Hatteras to Florida

Jt was colder tn all the Atlantle States and Like
with temperatures close to freezing in
norihem New York and Vermont Pemperatures
below freezing Were reported In Minnesota outh
Dakota, Wiseoausin, Mich!gan Indiana, Lowa, Ollo
and Kentucky

regions,

In this etty the day wus clyar and cooler, wind
fiesh to Dris nortiwet eee huroidlt un
percent, Deroletel corrected ty read tu sea level,
ate \. MM. Wut ob. M )

Jhe temperature yesterd an reeorded by the
oMelal thermunieter jown lh toe anoesded lable

os iu? oad ued
oA.M 4 'h 6PM i et
12M Ww Ui 4) M 4) 6
si M ww gis te Mia 9 )
WASHINGTON PORKCAST FOR LO-VAY ADD TO MOKLOW

For cistern New York purty judy in the in
terior na rain near the « tla yope bly rail
ty morrow, high north win

for the Distrlet of Co mibla, Maryland na
Delaware, probab ral Coetha Hriok to tied
north witde part eloudy Ohid wal tto morrow

Jor dete roll ,408 Wh portly wind
ing gad warmer to morrow

16 ow Mogiand, pat vloud ith rain in
southerm vurtlon to ea tie ' stud fel
except Taio ah the vodel, to iiortow

For @wiem ve Avia parti say la

wad eanter po Wieb north

! rater a w “
Vork, fale lode nad yor t roing
femperoture, [eb Beet Winds becoming sarlebie

Dannemora prison.
George W. Wiillams Released,

Che Burnham s Phillips
System of Cailoring

wns PADD PL LDA

Presents to the refined and discriminating mind every clement that gives
expression to the taste and judgment of the perfect dresser, from the
selection of the prevailing fabrics to the all important details of finish and
trim. Che all-pervading thought has been for twenty-five seasons and is

Finest Foreign Woolens
At a Moderate Cost Price.

ON eee

We also display our cloths in a business home unequalied in our fine
for refined elegance, comfort and taste; together with perfect service.

119 & 121 Nassau Street.

|

'
to convert New York and the ridicule his J, Luther Pierson.

I

F urniture

MOST COMPLETE STOCK OP
FINE FURNITURE IN AMERICA
AND BEST VALUES.

One entire floor devotedto Drawing Room and
Parlor Furniture, representing the widest
range of choice in desizns and coverings
——Bedroom Furniture, tn all the light
and dark woods and White Enamel—-—
Dining Room Furni-ure newest designs
and finishes--—Separatc depariment de-
voted to Flemish Furniture for dining
ftoom, library and hall—-—Briss Bedstead
in over 100 styles———Exclusive Novelt e°
in Impor‘ed Furni!ure—-~ Waite and Col3
Enamelie: Feraiture—— Wide range of
cho.cein Dressing Tables, Cheval Giasses
and Writing Desks.

"EB verythiag at lowest cost consistent with quality,

R. J. HORNER & CO.,

Furniture Makers and Importers,

61, 63,65 West 23d Street.

 

| MAY ATTACH DOWIE'S CHARIOT

 

PIERSON'S LAWYER ASKS 41,000

FOR LEGAL SERVICES.

He Sues the Host’s Leader and Gets an
Attachment on His Property In This
State — Dowleites Shiver and Go
Hungry on Excursion Down the Bay.

An attachment which, it is understood,
will be served on Kljih Dowie's chariot
was obtained at White Plains yesterday
by Robert M. Farley, who was counsel for
Pierson is the faith
cure man who was fined $500 by County
Judge Lent of Westchester for allowing
his infant Caughter to die of pneumonia
while he prayed forthe return of ber health,
This fine was sustained by the Court of
Appeals and was paid by Pierson yesterday.

Farley brought suit in the Supreme
Court at White Plains yesterday against
Dowie for $1,060 for legal services and
took an attathment against Dowie’s prop-
erty in this State. The papers were turned
over to Sheriff O’Brien to serve, and he
gave them to Deputy Sheriff James H.
Wallace.

Varley says that when Pierson was con-
victed Dowie engaged him, Farley, by
letters and telegrams, to appeal the case,
But when Dowie declared himself to be
Klijan, Pierson resigned from Zion and
joined the “Holy Ghost and Us” society
of Shiloh. Mr. Dowie's interest in him
naturally decreased.

Varley saya that his original bill was
$1,200 and that Dowie has paid him only
$140 on account. The briefs of Mr. Farley
in behal! of Pierson contained 100,000 words,
and he also expended several hundred
dollars for printing the case.

Deacon Barnes, who represents Dowie
in all legal matters, said last night that
he had had some corresondence with Far-
ley in regard to his bill and that he ex-
pected it would be settled without the
attachment being served. He said that
Dr. Dowie regarded Farley's charges as
exorbitant and thought they ought to be
about $200,

Farley, he said, had written to him when
Pierson, hisciient, left the Christian Catholic
Chureh to the effect thet he would carry
the suit to a conclusion whether Dr. Dowie
supported hit or not, and Dr. Dowie,
Deacon Barnes scid, did not think that
he should be held accountable for the
cherges which Ferley has made for his
services since Pierson left the Church.

Dowie's two horses and his two carriages
are stibved at Rebort Hall's livery stat le,
47 Kast Sixty-second street. At a late }our
last night they had not been attached
One rig went to the Grand Central Stat on
to meet Dowle at 10:30 o'clock, but the j
Prophet failed to show up.

While Dowie was in Boston yesterday
the host took a trip by water around this
“sink of iniquity,” sight seeing.

The excursion was late in starting, he-
cause Dowie had forgotton to put up $550
at the office of the steamboat company
from which he had chartered the be ats. |
He had made a deposit of $200, but the
company refused to start the exeursion |
until the *alaree was paid. Most of the
host got wn to the pier as early as 7
o'clock. E

They stood and shivered until 10, when |
Overseer Bernard appeared in a carriago
with a wad of greenbacke, when all piled |
on the Vaurus and the Sirus--the boats
chartered. A few of the host carried lunch
baskets, some bad crackers and cheese in
their pockets, but most of them did not take |
anything to eat

Is!and and down the Bay to Scotland light-
slip.

It was almost 5 o'clock when the boats
returned, Searcely a Dowieite could
seen on the deck of either boat as they
came in, All were huddled in the cabins
and below decks, suffering from cold,
Their lips were blue and their teeth ehat-
tered.

he

A good many were sick, and they leaned
on the Zion pouards foi pport One
wornan Wie # week thet ene had to he
ceorived out The police wented to summiot
an ambulance, but the Zien Guards seid
they would pot allow @ plyrieton to attend

\ her The woman was put tio a carriage
end driven away Nearl I Appeared to
be faint from hunger

 

J}.e early toe

Yemteraay et

Phy serv ieee tn the Garden
lin ly attended
Hine Vacings on tafantvy Cnlioriis to He

They went up the Hudson us far as Grant's
Tomb, up the East Kiver, past Ward's
SHandoned |

| Waskhinoton, Oct we After ow trial
} embed bp 1 leee Ci ay wm robu’
he Wie fachipe of tae oul mn of the
Cijted Slates infantry ape to be andoned
ob Che ree bud ‘i Cyd si i)
| ard replaowd by ¥ lijtee, exon llores
} ond thyouhedes ip) for the by biae
} Wilh beer vert el Sie blue f y baby
{ lige, the j if neve;
laeens popular, Dut ia be imho t meh
ig tle Changs war fo the foot that

blue quickly faded tate ehabliners

 

  

Special Sale Bedding Requisttes,
Monday, October 26th.

 

1,000 dos. Fine Mustin Sheets Pillow Cases,

beautifully hemmed and finished ready for use,
at prices less than value of material.

Medium Weights.

Sheets. Pillow
64x99 in., 48e. Cases.

63xy9 *' 53c,. ‘ [42x38hin., 1dc. ea,
72x99 ‘* 58e, “ [45x38h ‘150,
81x00 “ 6de. “ [50x88R “ 16he. “
90x99 "© 7Oc. “ [54x38h “ 19. “

lankets /

Heavy Weights.
Sheets. Pillow

54x933 in., 540. ea,

54x99‘! 560, * a Cases.

63x99 “ 640. a“ x38} in.,16c. em

72x99 720, * 45x384 “ 180. “
‘ a

San fs «(F004 200 =

90x108 ** 950, “ |54x38% * a30, “

Blankets!

Complete assortments from California & New England Mills,
Special Values for Monday's Sales :—

10-4,

11-4,

12-4,

$2.50, $3.50, $4.25. | $3.25, $4.25, $5.50 | $6.95, $9.00, $10.00»

3 Special Values in

Down Comfortables,
covered with fine figured sateen, very choice designs, full size,

$3.98, $5.00 & $7.50 each.
350 Figured Sitkoline Comfortables
filled with pure lamb’s wool, ¢ 9, 50 each.

100 Cases Figured Silkoline Comfortables,
filled with Georgia cotton; full size, 98c. & $1.25 ea,

10,000 Mustin Pslow Cases,
very fine quality, handkerchief border ;
size 45x36 inches, I 374C. each.

 

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway and Twentieth Street and Fifth Avenué,

     
 

BESTaG

pee Neckwear:

For Misses, Youths and Children, possessing indioldealit

 

and style.
se For Misses.

  

Lawn Turnover Collars, various designs, 25¢¢
39c. & 48c.

Silk Turnover Collare with Persian coloring
goc. & §50.

Silk Stocke with tab ends, with rows of hem,
stitching, 690. \
Taffeta Silk Stocks with tab endsin combina

j

tion colors and black or white, 480, 69C., $1.00 & $1.35

For Youths.

Four-in-Hands, Imperiale, Tecks in bright and medium colors

3gc. & 48c.

Asoots and English Squares.

For Children.

Linen Eton Collars.
Sailor Silk Handkerchiets.

Fall Dresa Bows and Ties,

Collar and Cuff Seta.

Sailor Collars and Shield&

Lace Collars, $1.90, $3.00 & $4.5%

60-62 West 23d Street.

4

WILL PROSECUTE DOWIEITES.,

Canadian Authorities Take Up Case of
Father Whose Child Died of Diphtheria,
QUEBEC, Que., Oct. 24.—The Attorney-

Jeneral of Quebec has ordered the criminal
prosecution of the Dowieite parents of

a fifteen-year old boy named Kezar, who

died of diy htheria, at Hatley, in the Eistern

Townships, of which place his father, Alex-

 

| ander Kezar, is Mayor. Coroner Bowen held

an inquest, and the testimony showed that,
although the nature of the child's disease
wus mude known to the parents and they
were urged to send for a physician, they
refused to do so, relying solely upon prayer
for the boy’s recovery, Only a short Hine
before his death they compelled the euf-
foring boy to leave his bed to pray with
them,

The jury returned a verdict that the
criminal negligence of the parents con-
duced to death, and the prosecution is
b sed upon this verdict and the supporting
evidence. The Zionites intend to fight the
case,

DOWIE-CRAZED SERVANT,

Tarned on All the Faucets to Give the
Flat a Cleaning Out,

Mrs. Laura Jack, employed as a servant

 

}in the family of John Turner, 204 East

Twenty-fifth street, was taken to the Belle-
vue Hospital psychopathic ward yesterday
afternoon, She had turned onall the faucets
in the Turner opartments and flocded the
two floors below. A policeman found
Mre. Jack praying.

“I'm going to have a little Zion City here
and am tryingto clean out the house first,”
she expliined, She told the policeman
that she'd attended all the Dowie meetings

' and had been converted.

The Crafts i. Wood
and Upholstery

are beautifully exemplified in our offer-
ing of hand-made furniture for the
Living Room and Library. The Jong

Table with ats sturdy columns, the
deep seated Chairs where the point of
comfort 1s well developed, the deep
Chesterfield Sofa with sts loose cushions

with Book Cabinets made to conform,

Ouak, under the subdued treatment of
our Cathedral finish, offers a beautiful
conception where harmony of color and
pure Cesign are the features,

Grand Fapids
Furniture Company

(ineorporsied)
th Street, West, Nos, inca,
34 * Minote {tom Brosdway "9 ‘97

 

IMMIGRATION IN SEPTEMBER. |'

Increase of 20,820 Over That of Septem
ber, 1002—Austria-Hungary Leads. |

WasHrnaTon, Oct. 24.—The immigration
{nto the United States during the month
of September aggregated 75,)°7 pe’
being an increase of 20,320 ove: ‘hat
September, 1902. Austria-Hungar, with
18,801, led in numbers and in increase 6,708,
Russia, with a total of 13,425, and in ine
crease of 3,143, being second, and Italy,
with a total of 11,875 and an increase o'
1,504, third. ;

 

 

 

AND EXHIBITIONS.

RRS OES te nanny

Auction
Rooms,

ART SALES

Filth ¥
Avenue el

 

    
  

    
    

            
      
   
 
          
           
     
     
   

238 yf WM. B,
FIFTH AVE. ig NORMAN,
Near 28th St. Ano tioneer,

AN ARTISTIC EXHIBITION
F

RARE AND BEAUTIFUL
JAPANESE

Floral and Arboreal
Plants

of unusual interest,
many of them being
almost impossible to
duplicate even in
Japan.

By order of

MESSRS. YAMANAKA & CO,

OF BOSTON,

fr m the rureery bastness.
sold at euction

 

Who are ze
v
Thurs., Fri. aad Sat. Afiersooas,
Oct, 20, 30 ané 31, a¢ 2 P. M,
INustrated Catalogue mailed on eppliestion.

 

 

The
Fifth Av. Art Galleries,

966, 868 (th av.. rear Béth at,

ANNOUNCE FOR

TO-MORROW, MONDAY, OCT, 26
The Public Exhibition of

149 Choice

OIL PAINTINGS
By Leading American Artists,

Also \

of 41 FAMOUS CANVASES, the ORIGIo
NAL PAINTINGS believed to he
OLD MASTERS, removed in 1868 from
the residence of the late Luther K. Maresh,
Both Collections will be sold in thea
Galleries at Public Auction during the
present week ig
Vurther particulars to-morrow, ™”

JAMES P. SILO, Auectioncss,

Se