BASKET

~ PARA
LS

One Refuge of

ap asin ener eno

pn
équrt Mery” ts a colored woman who

me North after the Civil War with a
power! family or whose plantation she
ve van and ratsed and who here discov-
aed wf f work which has given here
ott , competence. She has still,
ger a fa f thirty vears, the soft ac-
ented of the South and she has also
preserved @ Loug h of the old time picture-
@qjucness \bout her bead she wears a

 

IWENTY DOLLARS A MONTE TO UNPACK,

bright colored kerechief and tied on her
breast in a loose Knot is another kerchief
of deep orange, giving her the artistic ap-
pedraces of an artist's model,

She acts as middleman between suffering
housekeepers and incompetent servants.

A SOLUTION OF THE SERVANT PROBLEM.

All day long the house where she lives,
lk the scene of culinary activity as she

gels in readiness the breakfasts, luncheons J

at dinners that she sends out to a large
Chee tile

Vines roeals are prepared under her per-
Fora! cuipervision, acd the marketing is

dove Ly herrelf She still retains much

 

SPECULATIONS OF A TAILOR,

Some Jeer When Dunned—One Who Pald Up
Theugh It Was 100 to 1 He Wouldn't

Credit for the Penniless somee
"mes Sew Clothes for Fresh Starts. |
“Just listen to this,” exclaimed the tailor,
Bie wrathfully tossed a letter over to |
bis ;
Nhe totter had been written by the tailor
hinise Nh read
air J RB
Hyon don't find a way to settle your ae-
con, ry tpartoar least as an evidence
eit mfaith, PE shall find a way to make you

telly Supars & Co,
Written across the bottom of the dheet

 
  
    

by delinquent customer was the fol-
th If you can find a way to make
mi lly let me Know what way it ds,
a] ‘ious other bills |] wish to settle,
an ito tind a way out of the
a) Pours J. BLANK,
( that airy persiffage just
Cii\\n r pocd ature to cor al?” asked
the tailor | have as much oF ie milk of
huina diess inme as anybody, ard if
hia » into hard luek I'm as willing
f ’ to tohelp him to put upa goed
, g thon his feet again; but to
me lured cf time avd again, jollied
‘ “ pretext or another and tinally
mt own in vour face is too much
tl !) -ystem is the ruipation of
eA Inibess, and vet seme of the
ehadonimy books bave been
’ hei feet by being able to
> Ma ina good sult of clothes. Ul
6 ania
‘ c there hangs a suit and Over
t a on le vor by a member
{ lique of ¢ weoulators, a
mM Sas up in the financial world, who
t igo had eearcely the price of a
f eo ineal check at any beef and
\ . ihe wae from the West aod was
Vy aod out because of booze.
ay. here with a customer one
isa | og #& general conversation
: nthe admiration clase. Hie
¥ cdy in the extreme, but the
gi Clothes marked hin as a
: 4y fhe appeared again, told me
i te teelory, ed he had given up all
han | ld obtuin a place ib a
| . lown town if 1 would stake
Woolothes. LL was much
4 fellow promised to think
his his denoarture telephoned
Kowhom he had dropped
by Ay stand for even a recom.
rei: | alone being responsible for

vie (he noswer I got to # quesilon

in This Great City

| ) |
mn

    

   
   
   
   

DINNERS

AP

the Servantless

 

 

of the respectful manner instilled by gen-
erations of service, but with it is the habit
of command, as she has many underlings
for her home work and messenger service,

For a moderate sum weekly she guaran-
tees to send to her customer whatever
kind of a meal may be desired and to have
it there at a certain time steaming hot
and ready to be placed on the table, with-
out other care or inconvenience than is
caused by unwrapping the dishes fronrtheir
Covers,

She has among her patrons artists, mu-
Slclans, writers, men and women who
are living in studios where there is little
convenience for housekeeping. She has
also the much written about bachelor
girl and private families who have sunk
back exhausted after continuous torments
with servants. Even residents of smart
hotels find it cheaper to patronize her
than to have their meals sent to their rooms
from the hotel dining room.

The basket left one day with the diver,
luncheon or breakfast as the case may be,
is called for the next and a new one is
left in its place, to be called for in turn,

The expense of this method of living
is commensurate with its simplicity in
other directions. For instance, the rates
by the week, for a portion, that is a meal
large enough for two people, is $5. If the
bachelor girl is alone a single portion is
sufficient for dinner and will lap over for
luncheon the next day. The breakfast
costs $2.50 a week for single portion, but
it is seldom that this ia not found enough
for two, although like hotel portions it
varies in size. é

In this way, and at this reasonable figure,
a small family can be served with well-
cooked dinners at low prices. The trouble
of marketing and ineompetent servants
is done away with and with little additional
expena® luxuries may be added in case of
an unexpected guest.

The marketing is done by “Aunt Mary”
herself and the best the city affords in
vegetables, fruits, etc., is secured.

The kitchen is a scene of great industry,
particularly in the late hours of the after-
noon when the dinners are being put to-
gether ready to be sent out. Here the
cook is engrossed with her roasts, her
vegetables and her desserts and the maids
are employed dishing things up and run-
ning errands here and there. A man packs

 

astowhat he thought of his friend's likeli-
| hood to make good.
} “My man turnsu
me in the strong class.
j all,’ says [,

“In half an hour I had melted and took
what I supposed to be a 100 to 1 shot. The
beggar had his argument down pat, and
his logic won the day. Said he couldn't
afford to appear in that downtown office
in cheap new clothes but had to have the
earmarks of the upper well-to-do about
him. The job he was striking for was
that of a general jollier among the custom-
ers in a broker’s office. ;

“Tf he wore a $15 suit, however new it
might be, it would still be a $15 suit and
he would be a $15 man and would conse-
quently possess little or no front. On the
contrary, if he had fine cloth and cutting in
his garments he could associate with his
| equals and fee! at ease, ’

“TI vielded and he selected with educated
taste the finest wool and worsted mixture
at $6.50 a yard, insisted upon silk lining,
and got me to stand also for a light top coat,
a hat, shirt, gloves, neckwear, shoer, &
Did you ever see such a sucker in your life
ax I was apparently? Of course I had to
go out with him and advance the money
for the haberdashery.

“Well, he stood me in an even $160 and
I saw no more of him for three days. —
was beginning to get worried and all in
this place here thought me a little dotty,
when in walks my man on the fourth day
and hands me a hundred on account,

*Soid he had landed at $25 a week and had
heen staked in a small deal, and I would hear
from him again soon, Another ween #aw
the belance of the aeeount wiped out

“From then on his snecess was rapid, and
he has made a barrel. He's brought me
many a customer in the last two vears, and
if T had nerve [ could have made a great
deal of money in the market, as he has given
men good thing many a thine

“We see many ups and downe in this busi-
ness. A roan came in to-day He picked
out about 8400 worth of staff in the way of
suck suits, winter overcoat and drese suit
He was as careful as usual in the selection
of fabifes, and insisted upon having bis
measures taken again to insure proper fit,
in case lis figure had changed

“as he owed a comparatively sinall spring
account, not a suepleion crossed ny mine
that all was not right T did notices, how-
ever, that he had fallen away in weight,
and, calling bis attention to it, he drew me
aside andeiplained that it was due to worry

“He had titended to bluff the thing out
me up for all the new clothes he

the next day and finds
‘Couldn't see it at

and han
needed
do it He sald the lant slump in the market
had cleined him out of everything, a net
Jome of €160,000, and the only hing left wae
a house in Orange whieh etood in his wife's
hate

*As he has been perfectly upright with
me lathe past, Dahall take # chanoe 1 out
down his allowance of clothes from §400 la
half that amount, however

SSSSSS>°QQq

\.

 

yutat the last moment he eouldn't ,

the is and as each is flushed it is
handed out to the messenger who stands
Teady for that particular load. Sometimes
& messenger carries two baskets, that
being the limit allowed on the cars, and
in that way extra time is saved.

Altogether the echeme of providing
meals in this way has great adventages.
There are, of course, two sides to every
story except the love atory. The other
side of this story relates to the opinions
of the patrons.

At one of the big studios in Carnegie Hall
a musician was visited and conversation
on this all absorbing topic of fecding the
inner man ensued. He admitted that he
ordered his dinnera in this way to save
time and expense.

“My social and professional engage-
ments leave me but little time and the
hours I would spend dining here and there
at restaurants and hotels can be better
employed at home," he said. “By hav-
ing these basket d uners sent in, ey th:t
I ea: more regularly better { at one
quarter the expense.

He was sitting at the time with the basket
on a chair in the studio, and @ paper was
propped up in front of him.

“This is the only objection that I have to
the scheme,” he admitted; “the tendency
that man has to revert to the primitive
as soon as he is left to himself.

“People who have lived in the Arctio
regions tell me that the worst thing that
has to be fought ia the susceptibility that a
man has, no matter how refined he may be
in civilization, to do away with all the little
niceties that he has thought important be-
fore. He degenerates into the merely
physical animal after a very little while un-
less he takes the most strenuous care of
himself.

“Of course, this ian’t exactly the Arctio
regions, except from the point of view that
every place that isn't warmed and invigor-
ated by a woman's presence comes under
that head, and yet to a certain extent the
temptations are along the same lines.

“When I had these dinners sent in at
rat, I had a pretty little dinner service
which I used instead of these heavy china
plates, &c. Then after a while, as the
hours of work encroached, I began to eat
any old way.

“I'd just unpack the basket, put the dishes
just as they were on the table, take my book
and eat my dinner. I got so bad finally that
I just ate out of the basket— now, that’s

 

“AUNT MARY.”

a nice civilized thing for a man to do,
isn't it?

“I believe these basket dinners are a good
preliminary to matrimony. I've beenthink-
ing very seriously of sharing the sorrows
of my life with some nice girl.

“The only thing is this confounded habit
of eating out of a basket has made it im-
possible for me to dine day aftet day with-
out a book. Do you suppose a nice girl
would mind being read to while she had her
dinner?”

The family at the smart hotel admitted
the soft impeachment.

“Of course,” remarked the mother, who
was dressed in rich satin with a deep bertha
of old lace, “we wouldn't want it generally
known that we do this sort of thing. We
might,” and she raised a lorgnette of

| JUICE FROM A DRY REPORT,

UNUSUAL ITEMS IN A BRITISH
PUBLIC DOCUMENT.

 

 

African Native Ladies and Their Love of
Telegraph Wire—Raliroad Bolts as
War Material—Puzzie as to the Owner-
ship of Some Wakamba Children.

It appears, from the annual report which
the British Commissioner in the East Africa
Protectorate has just made to his Qovern-
ment, that some unusual impediments in
the way of the placid development of that
large territory have slightly ruffled the
officials.

The native ladies have conceived a remarke
able longing for telegraph wire. They find
that nothing so completely adorns their
scantily draped persons as a few yards of
telegraph wire wound around their waiste
and serving as a girdle.

The toilet of no fashionable belle ia
complete without it. They wind ft around
their bodies and permit it to remain, in spite
of the discomfort it inflicts in the hours of
slumber

No telegraph wire as yet has been im-
ported to meet this fashionable demand.
The result. is that the stocks of wire brought
into the country for the sole purpose of
stringing on poles were wickedly depleted
until the authorities became fully aware

| that telegraph wire was the rage of the
hour.

In the interest of electric communication
the whites now keep their wire under lock
and key and hold the tribal chiefs reapon-
sible for the integrity of the telegraph
lines through their territories

The officials have also had trouble to
reserve their supply of railroad fron for
ite proper purposes, One kind of bolis
used in construction impresses the native
warriors a8 @ particularly useful appliance
to form a part of a weapon of offenoe, They
were convinced that with this bolt securely
fustened (o the end of a stick they might
strike a death -dealing biow every time
Bolte began to disappear in a most mys-

terious manner. Simultaneously the native
soldiery began to stride up and down with
a new fangled weapon in thelr equipinent:
and the missing Volts were found to eo:

tribute the deadly part of it, All of these
weapons that could be found were promptly
confiscated, and their manufacture has now

ee — ee

 

 

SL

‘

5, 1903.

OBER 2

prestige if it were

  

 

tortoise «hell, “lore
imagined.
“It is hard to live on a moderate sized

lote of money stowed away.’

“He is a nice young fellow, makes a good
income and try to marry off three girls in | salary and I really think is fond of Maria,
New York, isn't it? ‘That is my plig it. | but matrimony is hard to fave and anything

“We have to make a good @ppearance. | that can make it easier for the
We tried apartment life, but that meant | hesitators ought to be done. Don't you
constant entertaining and very little return. | think 80?”

The number of young men whohave eaten The woman with the Burne-Jones figure
at my table! And not a proposal, if you'll | attributed her fall in flesh to the basket
believe it.’ | dinner arrangement.

“The hotel table is very expensive, so! “There are three of us living together,”
we heard of this idea from a friend and have | she explained ‘ayl it did seem as if we
adopted it and find it very satisfactory, never would be able to. live fittingly in

“The hotel object? I don't suppose they | regard to the prevailing styles; 186\ ‘s ure
know, We have an arrangemen. with | hardest of all, and if you can’t have and
the boy who brings the basket to our rooms | keep an 1830 figure, you might as well give
and calle for it again the same evening; | up the game

i ae

Py
D

-

i. ‘ re as ea\t wv e

 

“REVERIES OF A BACHELOR."

 

 

 

 

 

we pay extra for that service and nobody
knows anything about jt. Our friends
suppose that we dine here and the people
in the house whom we meet assume that
we dine elsewhere. ,;

“When the girls: get married off—oh,
yes, they are sure to—lots of young men
think we must be wealthy because we live
here you know, oh, yes, there will be no
trouble so long as we keep up the appear-
ances—well, when that happens I shall just
take a little house in the country and do
my own cooking. I just long to,” and the
lorgnette was waved again.

“Oh, no, I haven't a word to say against
this basket dinner arrangement. It's
good as far as it goes. And cheap? Well, | w:
it's beén the making of us. It was only
last night that one of the young men callers
said to my oldest girl: ‘It must be awfully
expensive living at a place like this,’ and
she admitted that it was.

“Then he said—wasn't this odd?-—‘It isn’t
so much the price of the rooms in a swell
hotel as it is the food. Do you eat many
of your meals In your rooms?’ he asked.

“We had kept house and took turns mar-
keting, It is such a temptation when you
get in a shop to order the things that you
see lying around so promiscuously. Now,
I never can pass a box of those big mush-
rooms that [ don't order some and another
weakness is thick, Juicy steak. If I go
to a butcher's I'm lost.

“One of the others of the trio runs to
pastry. I belieye she used to support a
certain confectioner when we kept house
on that plan. Then she used to get great
big custard pies and Martha Washington
cakes made at the Wornan's Exchange,
and you can easily fee the result,

*The other one was from Bestonand she
uld have, at least twice a week, baked
beans and brown bread, always with sweet
pickles and side dishes from the delicatessen,

“Well, now, just as woman to woman,
how are you going to keep your figure on
that You simply can't do it. It's
an impossibility.

“We talked it all over,in one of thore
shoe-to-slipper talks, and concluded that
the only way to do was not to expose oure

diet?

“Of course, she could say quite truth- | selves to temptation. The only way
fully—it’s so nice when you can be truth- | to resist temptation is to keep away
ful—that we ate a great many of them | froin it.

there. In fact, she said to him: ‘We are
so clannish and we do so enjoy being away
by ourselves that we rarely go into the
public dining room at all.’

“Then he said again, and his voice was
really almost tearful in its respect: ‘Yes,
{t must be expensive, very expensive.’

“I could see that he was thinking to him-

“We tried going out for our dinners—light
housekeeping, you know breakfast and
luncheons at home. The two-thirds of
the plan worked all right. We couldn't
get Rubens figures on that part of the house-
keeping which depended on our getting
our own coffee, &., but the dinners—when
we went hungry into a restaurant and saw

 

 

., | AMERIC

been discontinued for lack of material.

The authorities were called upon
settle a serious social question that was
perpiexing the Wakambi tribe. These
natives are of low intelligence. Polygamy
is the recognized sign of wealth and there
is not a spark of senti.nentality in the re-
lations between the sexes. | Two of a Party of Five Suceeed in Climb-

Every girl or woman is regarded as | ing the Famous Voleano—It Is 8,900
property as much as cattle; and curiously | Feet High and Its Eruptions Have
enough the idea of property in husnan Cost) Thousands of Human Lives.
beings is carried further than among most
tribes. The Wakamba hold that their
juvenile sons also are property.

If a father pleases he may sell his little
boy as a slave, and this fixes the boy's social
status for life. As a rule,the boys are not
sold unless the father is oppressed by
poverty, but he has a right to sell them,

A while ago there was a severe famine
in the country cf the Wakamba tribc; and
as there was not food enough to go around
a great many of the wives, with the full
consent of their husbands, abandoned
their straw huts and went to live with
the Indians who had been imported from
Bombay to work on the railroad. The
Wakamba did not mind this at all, and to
this day they have not attempted to
recover their women, but they haye re-
cently discovered that they have prope:ty

| Mor NT MAYON, IN THE PHILIP-
PINES, ASCENDED AT LAST.

 

Two Americans recently reached the top
of the most famous mountain of the Philip-
pines, Mount Mayon. This was probably
the first ascent of the mountain

To be sure, Jagor and Von Dresche as-
serted that with great difficulty they
reached the summit in 1876, but they re-
ported that they could find no crater prop-
erly so called, while the American climbers
found and examined the crater at the sum-
mit of the mountain. ‘This seems to show
that they are right in their assertion that
they were the first to reach the top of this
wideawake volcano,

 

! Luzon, 200 miles from Manila. It Is one
world, rising in regular, conical form to a
height of 8,000 feet above the sea

‘The view of the immense mass is very

rights among the Indians of which they |, : Rien ;

wish to be placed in possession imposing, for its surroundings are com-

eM , matatively Jjow and fl There ar
Many children have been born from | V4btyely jew and flat, There are ne

secondary cones on its flanks and all the
luvas that form it seem to have been poured

theae unions between the Indian laborers
and the native women. So last year the |
Wakaimba men went to the fndians with | from the solitary chimney at its top. The
this modest request: fluid ejecta that built it up were spread
“You may hoop our wives and welcome aa tt ,
We don't want therm, for we can get plenty | quite evenly over Its wides, and Its base
of others; but we want you to give Us back | Low hos a cireuil of about eighty miles
our children.” 4 7
“Why,” replied the Bast Indians, “they
are not your children, We are the fathers

The five persous who cotprised the party
started from the village of Guinobatou on
of these children and they are gure You the mounuil 1 and poseed the night at an
cannot bave them.” elevation of 1,500 feet. Bright) and early

"You are wrong,” shouted (he Watamba. | the next morning they resumed the elimb,
"The women belong to us, and it is plain,

following norrow trall through dense
therefore, that their children are our prop- 1 ;
5 ” troploal vegetation
erty; and we Want our pre party i
The argument jrew hot and excited and At #40 o'clock the parly reached the

edge of a deep gorge, beyond which there
Waa fg Vegelilion, (he
nallig shifting sand
With Irequent deep worges At Lt o'vlook
in the morning oo altitude of 6.500 feet had
ooueof the Americans

neither party would bud ge from ite position
The Wakarnba could not be convinced
that paternity had anything to do with the
ownership of the children. The offey ring
of their women was thelr property ai
that was all there was about if

The dispute was finally left to the authori- |

slopes above alter-

 

between rock and

bee walied aod iver

ties, who decided that a father has inalena gave up the atteny 4 Spanish doetor
bie rights over bie own offspring, OF} wig set out with then having previously
course, the Wakanba are very much aye) | ee

wrieved They wou! us soon be relied |! pate

of thetr cattle ascot ine half fiadian boys and | bbe elope berate encemelvely mtoep and

the (mountiin wie how # colgloinerate

of lava and great Leuldere, quile develd

girls with whom they might
Wives,

buy tore

self, ‘The old lady’-- that's me—‘mnust have | the food that other people were ordering,

ANS FIRST AT THE TOP | two more of 29 font low the leaving

Mount Mayon is in the southeast part of |

of the most symmetrical mountains in the |

   

it wae no use, we had to order the same
things. The restaurant food ie rich, you
know, and in a short time, 1] saw 1890 fading
away into a dream.

“Then we heard of the basket dinner.
As If told you, the fashionable figure is
acquired only by sacrifice. We sacrificed
that is, we only have one order for three,
and it is really intended for two and some-
tines not enough for that,

“Of courae we go to bed hungry, but that
is the firat’ step toward being beautiful
The finest figure [ have ever seen belonged
to a young musician. He waa thin os a
rail and he confided to me that he lived on
tive o'clock tea and reparté: at other people's
houses,

“The basket dinner is the next best thing
to that. [ have got so now that if I see 6
woman with a particularly svelte figure
Tam tempted to say, and [ sometimes io:
‘Are you living from a basket?’ ”

The careful and conscientious house-
keeper alan gave her views on this ques-
tion.

“Tf a woman ever tried,” she confess),
“to do her duty, T have as mother, wife and
housekeeper. Tf there is a golden crown
for self-immolation, [shall not have
to bother about spring bonnets here-
after.

“But I’m worn out—worn to ravellings,
The eternal question of running a house
to suit the flotsam and jeteam of the intel-
ligence office is no nearer solution.

“Just at present we are taking a respite
and trying the basketdinner plan, There
are four of us, and we have aspecial ar-
rangement by which we get a slight dis-
count for the number served.

“I thought I would be able to do with
only one maid, as there would be no cook-
ing, and the other work of the apartment
ia light. What do you think? TI couldn't
find any girl who would come and do
the little work required for less than
$20 a month. How is that for cheap
service?

“We had been having a session with bad
bread and soggy pastry. The first morn-
ing that we had breakfast served from the
basket my husband said, after buttering a
hot biscuit: :

“ ‘Well, you have got a cook this trip.’

te ere
-_— a,

<a

‘eo

 

THE BASKET IN ART CIRCLES.

“The best of all is the fact that J am the
most popular tenant with the Janitor.
Every time [ am invited out to dinner I
send the basket down to the janitor—he
is one of the anti-race suicides and has
thirteen. One order is a boon to them, [
can tell you.

“[ believe there is nothing that man
wouldn't do for me. He has been known
to get out of bed and open the door, when
Thad forgotten my key, without swearing
so loud that you could bear him for a
block. And all for $5 a week!”

 

        

THE DACHELOR MAID'S BONANZA.

“‘T didn’t tell him for a long time, and
when I did he said regretfully:

“I suppose it’s all right, but I shall feel
as if I was living at a Methodist campmeet-
ing all the time, or a Dowle feed at Madison
Square Garden.’

“Men haven't any hearts, have they,
when it comes to housekeeping trials?”

The bachelor’ girl was the last visited.
She had a little copper coffee arrangement
gayly burning on the table; there was a vase
of flowers, and all signs of the objectionable
basket were put away,

“Isn't this Jolly?” she eaid blithely. “I
really: feel as if I were living once more.
Nomore dining alone at horrid restaurants
where people look at you as if you were
the tag end of a misspent life. No more |
boarding house tables where they look |
coldly as the dinner at you {f you are
late. No more going out in the wind and
rain go tired that you don't care, and finally
buying a can of tomato soup and coming
home so cisgusted that you had rather go
to bed hungry than eat it. It isthe greatest
acheme ever invented. ‘

 

 

HE'S TIRED OF CAMPING OUT.

of life. At 1,000 feet below the summit

two only, Lieut. Barton and Mr. Bubar, to
+continue the ascent.
In the last 200 feet the top of the mountain
had been rent into hundreds of clefts and
holes, through which steam constantly
escaped. The edge of the crater is a mass
j of black voleanic sand and pumice, with
| outcrops of white and red rock. The crater
is about 200 yards in diameter, and at a
| depth of 100 feet the vent decreases to fifty
| feet. the steam escaping as though under
| pressure,
It thus appears that the mighty streams
of lava and volcanic ashes which from time
to time have inflicted so much destruction
and suffering upon the regions around the
| mountain have reached the outer air through
a comparatively narrow vent, An erup-
tion in 1766 buried many plantations and
whole villages under a thick mass of lava
{and dust. A similar calamity in 1814 killed
1,200 persons, and 1,500 lives were lost in the
eruption of 18265.
Since that year there have been many
severe eruptions of Mayon, including one
period in 1886-87 which continued about
; nine monthe, the crater at times projecting
| ashes, stones and igerous vapors, In 1892
there was a very poisy eruption which
greatly deformed the summit of the crater,
though very little damage was done, as
the flow of lava, though very abundant,
did not reach the inhabited region. An-
other in 1900 did much damage

Twenty-three severe eruptions of this
voleano are on record

THE HAGKIT SHOT MIM,

For Thirteen Years He Has Been Living tn
a Two Room Shack at Greenwich
Awalting a Purchaser—Willlam Rockc-
feller May Acconimodate Him Now.

The hill folk back of Greenwich, Conn.,
make a great deal of conversation these
days out of the report that William Rocke-
feller is to buy the rest of the Husted estate,
In 1884 he bought thirty-two acres of it
from the present owner, David Husted.

The part Mr. Kockefeller is now thinking
of purchasing is all that is left of a farm
of several hundred acres which Abrabam
Husted, David's great-grandtather, ac-
quired in Keyolutionary timer Among
those who | ought tracts of the farm were
the late J. H. Twachtman, the artist, who
died last August; a member of the Kmmet
family of New Rochelle, and L. D. Lanier

What interests Greenwich — especialy
about the report is that if it is true a pietur-
esque character will disappear from the
locality. David Husted and his two-room,
story and ahalf high shack have almost
attained the dignity of landmarks

Nineteen yeurs apo, along with the reat
of the property bought by Mr. Hockefeller,
he parted with the homestead in whieh he
was born. Six years later Mi Teachtman’s,
purchase turned hin out of a collage acrons
the way,into which he had removed. ‘Then
he decided that it was building
houses to have therm torn dows by the next
uurchaser, With the heap of a couple of
grmeig he pulled towether his prerent home

 

ho Upe

Tables Turned on Hunter Reynolds When
He Latd Bis Gun Down.

® , ‘us y ) af r i
Ten-Mie River, N.Y, Oct, 26--Milton | l@sereasar’ eae rues te ly
Reynolds of Livingston Manor took bis] puilt," He has been living there since

gin the other day and went out after rab-
bits. A big one got up, and Reynolds
| chased jt until it disappeared in a hole in

Last year be created quite a little talk: by
having the graven be an ola Neyouter: ary
graveyard dug up and their cor tente care

————— ee ———SSSSSSSSSFSFSSSFFfssF

 

the ground ree et ie a . Putvam Hill Cemetery,
The Junter laid his gun down, got “People dor 't want to buy land that’s
a pole, and punched it in the hole to] full of conser,” was the explanauon te
rout the rabbit out. The gun was cocked | give
all ready for Reynolds to piok it up and | His couumerciail berke ia notorious,
shoot the rabbit the moment it came from | Alm 8) every artist whe ever vielled Mr
the hole Tracitinan or Mir. bao ier hae corriod away
The cotton-tail came out with a sudden | for @ conpideration +o ae pleee of © lonfal
ruxh, Its firet bound landed it on the gun. | furliture oboe belong to Hust d His
Its fore feet struck the tigger. The gun | bei¢hbors ray that the criv te ove be
was discharged, both barrels going off | has left are two riety (co lawhilhetockd
! at onoe pout of one of Diy cer tiny old chertp ut trees
Reynolds was in & stooping position, | Under the belief Chat they were driven
| hiv dog near him. He was just far enough | bY bin grent-yrar dialer
out of jine of the guo to escape the full If Mr Heekets r reul lea dide to
force of the charges in it, but two fingers  Gike advair tye I { the puey
were torn from bite left hand, hia deft calf) erty giver bin twee wee ! aif uss
was badly laoerated by shot, and bie left | he will wo ard board lowe

) cheek filled with therm
One of the dog's lege was éhot off
pebbIt wert on, aod Ww will wb large.

*T’m bh sold he ee

The tuny, "bed bid bade bed of vaugls 4
“~