and

Cannibals

gv@¢dv

Qpeer Indians Found by a Bug

Honter in Colombia.

Thomas S. Alexander went into the in-
gerior of Colombia a year ago in search of
entomological specimens, and las lately
returned to civilization, bringing among
other things an account of some savages
who are at once dandies and cannibals.

His party started from Cali in the Depart-
ment of Cauca and went down the Rio
Hlacha. They were conducted from tribe
to tribe of Indians by bogaa, or guides.
When they reached the Orrequasas Mr.
Alexander found a system of wireless
telegraphy in use. He says

“The transmitter was a felled tree trunk
about 20 feet long and 1’, feet in diameter.
Down the centre of it a groove waa cut
e@bout three inches wide by six inches deep.
One end of the trunk floated in the river
and the other end lay on a sandbank.

“The operator had a heavy stick about
three feet long, on the end of which was a
ball of crude rubber weighing about twenty-
five pounds. He struck the end of the
trunk several times with this heavy ball.

“It did not make much noise, but a very
powerful concussion or vibration of the air
eould be felt. It was just like the sensation
of being in a tunnel when a shot is fired.
One felt the sound rather than heard it.

“And the next tribe, several leagues
further down the river, could teel it equally
well and could read off the message as a
telegrapher receives the dots and dashes
of the Morse code over the wire. Evidently
these savages had a code of their own by
which they could telegraph any message
they wished. All the tribes in this region
were constantly communicating with one
another by this wireless system,

“Travellers among savage tribes in South
America, as well as in other parts of the
world, have often been puzzled by the
rapidity and accuracy with which these
barbarian Marconis transmit news to one
another. Here is one explanation, at all
events. No doubt there are others.

“At last we got to the Yaris, who are
named after the river on which they dwell,
which is a tributary of the River Caqueta.
At 7:30 o'clock one morning, while we were
having breakfast, we heard strains of
weird, barbaric music, which evidently
‘ame from native reed flutes. We pushed
off our canoe from the bank and paddled
out on a river twice as broad as the Hud-
son at New York.

“Around the next bend we met a num-
ber of canoes filled with scores of painted
Indians. They paddled alongside, gave
18 & warm welcome, and were very eager
to help us with the canoes.

“Never had we been received more cor-
dially. Our two bogas from the last tribe
went back and the Yaris took us upa tribe
utary of the river to their home.

“The tribe numbers between two and
Shree thousand, and all the members of it
ive in one enormous house. This house
is more than three hundred feet long and
»ver forty feet wide at tho base, sloping
upward in a triangular form.

“The walls are made of thin fern sticks
and leaves, delicately and beautifully
woven together and very solid. It is a
wonderful piece of workmanship.

“Inside the house is supported by a great
number of posta, between which ham-
mocks are slung for the men of the tribe
to sleep in. On the floor, beneath these
hammocks, are small squares of bamboo,
on which the women sleep with their chil-
dren.

“Each family has its own cooking fire and
domestic utensils, and lives its own family
life in this vast house, surrounded by all
the other families.

“We were conducted into this house,
and the Indians crowded around us—men,
women and children-—all overflowing with
hospitality and curiosity, The first sight
that met our eyes in the house was a long
line of skulls suspended on the walls.

“There were skulls of monkeys, pigs,
fishes, jaguars and many other animals—
and also, among the lot, there were eighteen

whioh were unmistakably the skulls of |
human beings. It was evident, too, that ;

they were the skulle of civilized men, for
some of them had gold fillings in the teeth.

“It would be absurd to say that this sight -
did not make us feel queer, but we were |

not so frightened as might. be imagined,
secause we had heard the story of those
sighteen men from the other tribes along
the river.

“They were eighteen Colombians who
aad fled from civilization to escape being
pressed into the Government army to fight
she revolutionists. Four months before
our arrival they settled among the Yari
indians.

“Being well armed with guns and re-
volvers, they cowed the tribe for a while
and started to collect rubber. They were
men of the lowest and most brutal char-
acter, and before long they began to flog
and shoot some of the Indians.

“One afternoon a baby cried in the hig
iouse and annoyed the leader of the gang.
He coolly drew his revolver and blew its
read off.

“The Indians, who were sitting around,
susy at their various occupations, did not
say a word. They showed no trace of emo-
tion, Even the baby’s mother suppressed
her grief. But that night they arose from
their sleep and slew the eighteen Colom-
blans.

“Next morning, by wireless telegraph,
shey invited the neighboring tribes to a
harracoucha—a feast of white men. At a
sarracoucha all tribal feuds are sunk, and
the chiefs sit together in an enormous
hammock, which holds as many as forty
men

“They do not eat human flesh for food;
y have planty of that of all kinds. Nor
do they eat it because they like it. The
motive is religious, or, rather, superstitious.
l hey believe they will aequire the qualities —
courage, strength, endurance, cunning,
skill -of the enemy who forms the dish,

“The Yaris and all the other tribes we
nsiied hate South American white men,
‘or they have suffered much at their hands;
and they kill and eat them whenever they
zeta chance. But they readily understood
hat we were adifferant kind of white men

they are always ready to behave well
myard Americans, Englishmen, Germans
io] others whose motives and deeds are
Phere was aver any suggestion
SJ maling a barracoicha of us
the kindly, generoys hospitelity with
vbieh we were received was continued
luring the whole of our #ix weeks stay
among the tribe, Apart from their un-
leasant habit of eating their enemies,
he Yaris ure o fine race of savaged, who
an alive poli in morals and good manners

o wany elviived mnen
mo then Co admire

"tle nen had only one

 

 

There was much

wile apiece, and

i  —

 

 

Dandies

oo

b aS. de deh dhe dhe dhe che dh de teodhe dhe de Ueae dhe de dead

were always most kind and faithful to
her. Marriage was by consent of the
woman-a thing rare among savages.
Adultery was hardly ever heard of; if it
happened, it was punished by the sure
divorce of death. ‘The guilty man and
woman were each put, alone, on one of
the thousand little isleta in the river, to
starve to death or be slain by wild beasts.

“They were honest folk, too, and men
of their word. The Yaris and al! the neigh-
boring tribea never fail to carry out an
engagement if they can possibly do so.

“The business methods employed by
the rubber collectors are a striking testi-
mony to the honesty of these tribes. The
white merchant goes to the big house of
the tribe, and throws his stock of barter
on the floor. ‘

“Each Indian takes what he desires—
one a looking-glass, another a machete,
@ third a pair of scissors, and so forth.
The merchant then departs to his station,
havirg disposed of hia stock in trade,
and received nothing for it.

“Three morths or six months afterward,
according to the season, the Indians be-
gin to arrive at his station, bringing rubber
to pay for the goods they took. They tell
him what they had, and he weighs the
rubber and usually has to give them some-
thing extra, according to the scale of barter.

“Sometimes a few Indians will not ar-
rive, but the chief of the tribe says, ‘So-
and-So was killed while hunting. Here
is the machete he took,’ or, ‘So-and-So
was sick and could not gather any rubber.
Here is his looking-glassa.’

“The most extraordinary thing about
the Yaris is their dandyism. They are
the greatest dudes under the sun.

“The men are absolutely hideous in face,
with pronounced, protruding teeth. Their
complexion is a bilious copper color. In
stature they are stunted, but they are well
formed, lithe, agile, and hold themselves
very erect.

“Their expression, which is ferocious,
belies their nature. They cut their hair
short at the neck and straight on their
foreheads. Through the cartilage of the
nose they put a stick about an inch long and
a quarter of an inch thick, which raises the
nostrils, They put a similar stick through
each ear.

“They paint their faces and hodies in
gaudy colors with vegetable dyes, and it
is in this they show their dandyism moat
forcibly. When they are not working
or hunting, they spend all their time paint-
ing themselves and arranging their hair.

“The Yaris paint the foot, up to the calf
of the leg, with some red vegetable dye
which protects them from insect bites.
On this foundation they create a fine decora-
tive scheme in blue and black. The body
and face are also painted.

“Of all our trade goods, what pleased
the Yaris most was an article nevor intended
for them. We took with us some blue ink
in tablet form, intending to melt it to
write our diaries with.

“One of the Indians took up a tablet,
dipped it in water, and drew some lines on
his body with it. He was overjoyed when
he found that these linea did not wash off
readily, like his own vegetable dyes. After
that these tablets were our most valuable
coin,

“The women of the tribe have very deli-
eate noses and fine hair. Like the men,
they are most cleanly in their persons and
their habits, and attentive to their toilet.

“Through their upper lip they thrust
two thorns, each being an inch and a half
totwo inches long. They do not adorn them-
selves ao much as the men or waste s0 much
time in dandyism. Both men and women

have remarkably small feet and hands.

{ “During six months of the year, when
| the river is high, the entire tribe lives in
the big house. When the rivers fall and
leave great sandbanks exposed, each family

builds a little hut of sticks and Ifves on

one of the sandbanks.”

 

NEW FANCY IN PAPER WEIGHTS.

Plain Bits of Foreign Soll Now Figure on
Library Tables.

“There is a growing fancy for foreign
paper weights for desks,” said the pro-

prietor of an uptown store, where, for the
| library table at home or for downtown.
| business desks, such articles are sold.
| “By foreign I do not mean imported ar-
ticles, but just bits of old country lands,
no matter how homely ir themselves, but
durable and serving as souvenirs

“Quite as often as not the weights serve
as reminders of places where great battles
i have been fought, or where other historical

events have taken place, Doubtless some

fragments that have been taken from noted

monuments by American vandals on their
| travels may be found on desks on this side
| of the ocean.

“The fad arose from requeats by friends
here to acquaintances going across to bring
back for them bits of the country visited,
instead of a costly present. It was eaxy
to keep such a promise, Another thing,
there is no duty on bits of rock wrapped
in tissue paper, so that the traveller could
drop the littie packages in the bottom of
a trunk and forget all about them until
they reached America

“| suppose people have become tired of
the glass or marble or iron paper weights
that have been in use for so many years.
And they are equally tired of freak weights.
It is a good deal better tohave something
thal you can talk about when you wish to
fill up a gap in conversation with a visitor,
or when you want some excuse to turn the
conversation from an unpleasant supjert.
How easy for you to pick up your paper
weight and say

“ ‘'Er-—by the way, see that stone? Thai,
sir, was picked up on the hattlefield of
Marengo.’ Then the way is open to dis-
cuss Napoleon. There are all sorts of
possibilities in the scheme if properly
worked

“Of late you may have seen bits of brick
set jn wooden bases on library tables.
These have been sawed from bricks se-
cured from the old Hall of Records when
it was torn down

“In a German newepaper not long ago
it was sald that the Keiser uses as a paper
weight on his wrilitg desk a stone from
the summit of one of the bighest mountains

}in Africa. Dr. Buchner, a traveller of
| considerable fame, after making the ascent
of the highest peak of Mount Kilimanjaro,
which is on German-African ground, broke
off a piece of rock, and on returning to
Germany, presented it to the kmperor
“Irishmen are fond of having a bit of the
| ould sed on theiv desks th their offfers
it warme their hearts every mormtiog when
they eit down (0 busineme for the day
biegliehinen are, as a rule. (oo matter of
fact Lo indulge in the fad.’

 

   

rc

i a) THE S SUN, SUN
REASONS WHY THEY DESERT.

 

SOLDIERS IN GARRISON A VERY
SENTIMENTAL LOT.

 

Music May Start an Epidemic of Deserting
Ameng Them-—Deadly Work eof a
Wither tn the Philippines—Love and
Grief Other Causes of Desertions.

An old sergeant of the Regular army
now stationed at a New York hirbor post,
who fought the Sioux under Crook and
Custer, helped to chase the 'Pache Kid and
did hia trick in the Philippines at the
beginning of the row down there, recently
delivered himself of some of his own obser-
vations on the desertion question, He
has soldiered in more than fifty poste and
has known battalions of deserters.

“There are plenty of reasons besides
those given by the boas soldiers in their
reports behind desertions from the army,”
eaid the old sergeant. “I am not speaking
of present conditions, but of desertions in
normal years.

“In the first place, desertions become
epidemic in certain posts, and when one of
these deserting epidemics sets in nothing
can stop it short of switching the whole
outfit to another post. Some years ago
one of these deserting epidemics began at
Fort Sheridan, near Chicago, and inside
of leas than three months nothing but the
skeleton of the command was left. They
quit in squads and seta of fours, good men
as well as roughs and no-accounts.

“That epidemio was started by a layout
of bad and unpopular officers. One domi-
neering or unjust officer in a post can cause
more desertions than bad rations or cru-
cifying fatigue duty. I once knew a little
runt of a shavetail just out from West Point
to cause thirty-two men from one cavalry
troop, stationed in Arizona, to jump the
outfit within two months after he'd joined.

“The deserting epidemics are started
by causes that would seem mighty trivial
to outsiders who do not know what an
emotional, not to say absolutely senti-
mental, lot soldiers in garrison are. The
minds of soldiers in garrison are easily
played and preyed upon, and when a few
of them happen to ge up tn the air at the
same time the thing becomes infectious,
like getting religion at a campmeeting.
For example, there are always more de-
sertions from the army around the holiday
season than at any other time.

“There used to be a very widespread,
but hopelessly erroneous, idea among
American army officers that the presence
of a bind in a post contributed to the con-
tentment of the men and made the
wabbly ones less Hable to desert, That
idea's heen punctured. It is well known
now that the military band, instead of
keeping men from deserting, actually
causes many of them to desert.

“The music gets at the hearts of the
impressionable fellows and it tells a-plenty
of them that they are making hashes of
their lives by sticking to the uniforms of
the buck army private Next time you |

|
|

i nm rrr ec i ne re ee ee

 

 

get a chance just watch the what’'s-the-1se
expression on the faces of the soldiers
listening to an evening band concert, and
you'll get a better understanding of what
I mean.

“Soldiers in barracks are, in fact, queerly
affected by music, particularly music of
the moving and tender sort. For instance,
we had a trig outfit of moderately con-
tented and fairly healthy men in the little
Luzon settlement in the Philippines where
we were quartered, until a fellow with
a zither joined the company.

“He waa a windjammer—tmimpeter, that
is to say—from French Canada; and when
he transferred to our fit-out he brought
his zither, a big concert-grand instru-
ment from Austria, along with him. The
things that that French-Canadian boy
could do to and on that hig zither were
certainly sinful, not to say devilish, and
even us old relics of the bucking-and-
gagging days had to either duck out of
the sound of the kid’s music or find our-
selves guiping and coughing a lot.

“He’d spread the thing out on his bunk
o’ nights, between supper and tattoo, and
he'd no sooner make the first swipe at the
strings and work in the tremolo stuff than
the boys ‘ud knock off gassing and begin
to look serious and thoughtful. Every

once in a while, while that zither musig
was going on. you'd see some fellow, a
burly ruffian as like as not, slinking out,
80's not to make a show of himself before
the outfit.

 

“Less than two weeks after that boy
with the zither began thos nightly per-
formances we had twelve mon in the hos-

vital, down with nothing else in the world
Tut noetalgin, which means homesickness,
And if you've ever picked up the notion
that nostalgia, as it’s called, is merely a
harmless and boobyish disease, I'll men-
tion that two of those twelve men died of it
The boy with the zither put it away then
and never played on it again until we were
on our way home on the transport—and
then it dicin’t matter; the bovs were com- |
ing home

“The well] educated men who drift into
the Ameriean army cause desertions., Nine
out of ten of these well educated men are
failures in civil life, in spite of their good
edycation, and in nine cakes out of ten
they are perfectly useless soldiers
Almost without exception they are grouchy,
grumpy kickers and Knockers.
“When they find themselves in (he army
wit, little show of getting out again witi)-
out deserting, the majority of them ehorse
that alternative. Those that stick through
their enlistments develop into barrack room
ehaw bacons, and make the other chaps
discontented, ond then ¢} desert i
begin.
“The reappearance ina post of a former
member of the outfit, diked out in happy |
mufti rags and ex ibiting other evidences
of prosperity, always has the effect of
creating such envious discontent that de-
sertions result from that e@light and foolish |
cause,
“T belonged to a troop onoe that waseta-
tioned at the Presidio of Sen Franciseo,
One of our men, a bright fellow with a
eising way about him, and a skilful and
Inveterate gambler, caught onasa main faro |
dealer in a big San Franeiseo gembling
house at the wind-up of his seeond enlist -
ment. It wasn't long before he had an in-
terest in the business himself, and he medea
money faat
“All togged out in expensive elethes, and
wearing diimonds, he used to drive out to
the Presidio behind a fast and stylish pacer,
in a trig and tidy trap with valler running
gear el), after a few months, the come
manding cffioer of the Presidio tad to
request that ex-swaddie, as a special favor,
to cease |iis visite al the post, Desertions
by the dozen were traced to those visits
“Tle bunch would look their ex-mate
over and get ambitious all of a sudden. Tf
he had made auch a rattling good job of it
in civil life, why couldn't they too -or, wt
any rate, make some sort of a atab at it?
They went out of the Presidio gate, net to
come back uny more, in sete of fours, just
because they tad seen the visible signs cf
the prosperity of a man who had formerly
bunked under the same roof with them
“The death of a cherished offleer, or even
of a very popular enlisted man, is often
Hiable to start an eyddemie of desertions
In the far Northwest, at a dinky little two-
troup post, there dled uo First Lieutenant
who was enormously prized by the enlisted
men
“This officer died of too inueb drink He
was @ fine mon and a eplendid soldier
never was a better éoldier man anywhere

as

rn ts

 

a

but the drink had him, and it took bim
The men, though, didn't think any the
lees of him for that, athough they all felt
pretty eorry for lim, jor the drink was a
thing the! bad got beyond him

“Often, when he was offleer of the day
and J wie humping wy guard port in the
middie of the night
to hie quarters

I've taken that officer

lod him quiet-like by the

| been seen to enter the office

‘Y

 

—

 

arm, and him not saying a word, but just
submitting like a young ‘un, He'd be
prowling around the post in the dark, dazed,
and not able to take care of himself.

“But he was a fine man—a grand athlete,
too, until the drink sapped him—and he
was square to us bucks of the barracks,
and fought our battles in the teeth of the
old man—and always won, too, He wouldn't
stand for anybody imposing on us, and——
Well, as near as men can get to loving a
man, I guess us fellows loved that good
man and square officer

“Pretty gulpy layout, we were, son,
when we scraped out a hole in the hard-
frozen ground for that one,and tossed him
into it, and fired the volley over him, and
listened to the blubbering kid of a wind-
ammer sounding taps. The desertions

gan the next day

“They missed him, They said that the
post was not only lonesome, but uncanny,
without him, When, a month later, the
fit-out was shifted to the Southwest, we
were not much more than one troop, in-
stead of two--and the cashing in of an
officer with the heart and the gizzard of
a sure enough man was the cause of it.

“And, talking of the transferring of out-
fits, that, too, has got to be taken into con-
sideration as a cause, and, in the aggre-
gate, a big big cause for desertions. Men
who enlist in a certain part of the country
for service in that same section don't like
to make a long shift to _a different part
with another climate. More desertions
result from the shifting about of regi-
ments than ever appear in the figures.

“Soldiers that get mixed up with women
outside the post gates are particularly lia-
ble to desert when their outfits are orde
awny. The soldier rarely has the funds
to pay the woman's way to the new station,
and he doesn’t feel like leaving her, and so
meree only one thing left, and that is to

luck. :

“Any old country looks good enough to
some soldiers who become involved with
women. The most aggravated case of that
kind I ever saw, and I've seen a lot of such
cases, happened when the layout to which
I_ was attached was about to leave the
Philippines.

“With us was a snappy, hustling kid from
Kentucky, a boy about 2? or so, who got the
corporal's chevronsa right soon after he
took on for bright work in campaigning,
and who had all the makings of a fine sol-
dier. Fact is, he was in line for a com-
mission.

“But he got mashed on a pretty Filipino
girl, the daughter of a Filirino comman-
dante, and when we were ordered to Manila
to take the transport for the States he
couldn't. see the thing of leaving her. I
believe they had been married, or some-
thing like that. Anyhow, when we went
to Manfla, this judgment-lacking fool
boy stayed with his Filipino wornan.

“But he did something even more foolish
than that. When the old man sent a non-
com. and some men hack after the kid,
he was locoed enough to join the enemr,
Instend of inet taking to the buttes and
staying there for a while, until the search
for him was over.

“They got him by the time our transport
reached the States. D'ye know what that
promising, good looking boy from Ken-
tucky is doing now? He is doing ninety-
nine vearg on Alcatraz Island for deserting
to the enemy the court-martial’s sentence
was death, but it was remitted.

“Did yon ever happen to take a peek
at Aleatraz Island? No? Well, most men
would prefer death to even ten vears there--
but ninety-nine years on the rock! Man,
let ua pray to be good!

“And to think of a white hoy, froin Ken-

a eee

tucky—boy with a head, not to mention
biceps—letting a skinny, _mop-haired,
nigeon-toed, rice-pewdered Filipino. girl

land him for a dose like that, even if her
eves were fine!”

A WRONG KIND OF HAT CHECK.

Apparent Frankness of a Breezy Man Nule
lifted by a Story In ‘‘The Sun.”

A middle-aged man, immaculately attired,
with a breezy, genial manner, flew into a
downtown hat store last Thursday, pieked
out an eight-dollar hat, and ordered it sent
to 65 Central Park West. He then handed
over a check for just that amount in pay-
ment, remarking as he did so:

If the check is no good T know who'll
bail me our.”

Then he hurried out of the storeausairfly as
he had entered. ‘The check wes crawn on
“Belmont & Co., 56 Wall street.” and signed
“J. B. Kellogg.” There ‘his at the
bottom: “Payable only through a bank.”

“That seems all right,” suid the manager |
of the atore to the owner, who happened |
to be present. “Must be August Belmont,
of course.”

“Hold on a moment,” said the owner.
“I think I saw that other name in THE Sun |

his morning.” |

And he produced the Thursday morning |
issue of Tre Sin, containing an aecounr |
of the mysterious disappearance of the
Investors Protective Association from the
Downing Building in Fulton street.

“Guess we'll keep on the aafe side,” he
said, handing the paper to his manager.
“But just for the fun of it, send round to
56 Wall street.”

The clerk who went over reported that
the name of Belmont & Co, appeared on an
office door in that building, but that nobody
had been seen in the office since last Sat-
urday, when a small boyappeared to get
the mail,

No hat was forwarded to “J. B. Kellog
of 65 Central Park West,” and the Cheek
is still in the possession of the owner of
the hat store. Mr. Kellogg can get it on
application

Inquiries inthe building at 56 Wall street,
which extends through to 59 Pine street,
showed that “Belmont 4 Co.” are supposed
1o be brokers and have been in the building
since Mav. The office is a single room.
On the door appears only the firm name,
which ia not in the building directory on the
ground floor,

Only two persons, one of them a middle
agai man known «ws Mr, Belmont, have
They appear
always at 9 o'clock in the morning or 2
o'clock in the afternoon, end never stay
longer than it takes them to gather up the
mail, which is voluminous.

 

was

— SS

 

PEPPERS.

The Sale Enormously Increased tn This
City In Recent Years.

New York uses now,” said a produce
commission merchant, “twenty times as
many peppers as it did twenty years ago.
The city’s consumption of peppers now
amounts to thousands of barrels annually.
Then we gel green peppers now from a
much wider range of territory than for-
merly, and we have them practically the
year around

‘We get peppers in winter from Cuba,
and we get a few from Porto Rico. We
naturally think of the pepper as a homely
sort of a domestic garden product, but
those early peppers that we get from Cuba
come in small erates as carefully packed
as peaches would be, and they bring a
high price. They go principally to hotels
and restaurants.

“We get early Peppers from Florida, too,
and later some from Virginia, around
Norfolk, and then, as | lie season advances,
we begin to ae peppers from New Jersey,
whieh is really the great soures of our
pepper supply. There are sections of Jersey
in whieh produce farmers take a specialty
of peppers, plant them by the acre and
raise great crops of them

*The enormous inereased local copaump-
tion of peppers in reeept years ia due Th
considerable messure to increased demand
from packers. Peppers are now more
extensively used than ever before in the
p eparation of coPMiments ar d saucer and
there are New York packers of pickles
and preserves who would think nothing
of buying peppers tin hundred barrel lots
But tie great inerease in the demand comes
in till greater measure from the vastly
increased foreign population of the city,
and from the Jtalians especially, who,
great coppumerm of all frulte and vege-
tobles, take, with the rest of the green
things they buy, quantines of peppers,

oallug more or lene of the sweet peppers
fix they would fruit
So othe homely pepper, ouee fanibliar

to Ue in ite etufled and pickled form, ana |

hnewn to Ub dew thing of regular but of
liited wale, Dae come Go cul quite @ fpure
aban Mem Ww the oily’ wholesale prod
wade.”

ce gd giv al
w

DAY. OCTOBER 25. 1903. ;

TALK BY MEANS OF THE TOOTS.

CONVERSATIONS OF PILOTS ON

STEAM WHISTLES.

They Can Tell Much More Tyan the Mere
Direction They Are Going In--Private
Codes—Brotherhood signals Known
All Over the Land--Fog Warnings.

 

A harbor tug was running along by the
South Brooklyn shore not long ago. When
near Red Hook the captain blew two long
and two short blasts on the tug's whistle,
and followed this by several short toots.

“What does all that mean, Captain?”
asked a passenger

“That's a signal to my wife that I'll be
home soon,” was the reply

“We tugboat men have all sorte of signals,”
he continued, “and we can talk to each other
by means of the whistle. I always blow
the way I just now did when the day's
work is over; and my wife hears it and gets
ready for my home coming.”

There is in every port inthe United States
@ brotherhood of the American Association
of Misters and Pilots of Steam Vessels.
This association is a secret order and any
one who holds an American master’s license
can become a member.

It is very like other orders, but it has its
own pecularities. There are about 10,000
members and by means of whistles a mem-
ber can tell at once whether the master
or pilot of another vessel is a member of
the association, and to what brotherhood
he belongs.

These signals are not supposed to be
known. There is no published code, but
each member learns it and can use it when-
ever he thinks fit.

A long blast followed by a short one on
one vessel will ask the mister of an ap-
proaching vessel if be is a member of the
association; and if he is he will answer by
tooting one long blast followed by two short
ones. This will be enough introduction,
and then by means of more tooting informa-
tion can be given that may prove of great
service,

There is another signal that is well known,
and whenever it is sounded it ia sure to be
answered. It is one long blast, one short
one, then another long one and another
short one, and it is the distress signal.

The members of the brotherhood are
bound to help another member in distress,
and that signa] mav be heard in all parte of
the world. ‘There are branches of the
association in the Philippines, in Porto
Rico, in Alaska, and in nearly every port on
the coasts and on the Great Lakes:

In addition to these private signale dif-
ferent lines of tow boats have their own code
of signals; and every toot of a whistle that
ig heard in the harbor, day or night, has
some meaning. No captain will ever allow
the whistle of his tug to be blown just for

fun.

Three toota is always a salute, and some-
times after the saluted boat has
acknowledged the compliment a short

toot will be sounded, but this is not called
for and is only at the whim of the captain,

Tugs having a string of barges in tow,
such as go froin this port to Boston, or up
the Hudson River or from Norfolk to this
port or to come eastern port, always have
signala which are understood by those on
the barges. Each barge has its number
and the captain will signal to it to get up
archor, pay out more bawser, shorten
the haweser, set sai) or take in sail or in fact
do anything that may be wanted for the
safe navigation of the barge. These sig-
na's are distinct from the brotherhood
signals or from the signals that are univer-
sal,and were arranged by the Internationa)
Marine Congress.

Fach I!ne of ferry boats has its own code
of signals. Some of these signals are or-
dered by the Government,

For instance, when @ vessel is starting out
from its pier it must sound a long blast on
ite whistle. This is to notify vessels passing
up or down the river that another is starting
out of ita slip, If the captain of the ferry
boat hears no answer he knows that his
course is clear; and as s00n as his boat can
be seen from the river clear of the slip then
he goes ahead and the regular signals apply.

‘In a harbor like that of the port of New
York, where there is so much traffic, col-
Hsions occur frequently. Many times
they are unavoidable, one vessel being
crowded into another. Often they are
caused through mistaken signals.

There are rulea to govern the sailing of
vessela which have been drawn up by an
international congress, and with these rules
is a code of signals which captains of steam
or ailing vessels must be familiar with; and
by constant use they become almost second
nature to the man at the wheel or the officer
who is on the bridge.

The broad rule which all captains must
observe is to keep to the right. That is
what it means in the landsmen’s language,
but to the sailor it is *keep to starboard
and pass another vessel on your port or
left hand.”

This rule, of course, applies chiefly when
the vessels are in narrow channels; but
when they have the whole big ocean to travel
over, then it is not so generally observed,
the idea being then to keep clear of any
other craft and avoid a collision,

It often huppens though that two ves-
sels may be approaching almost head on,
and ese captain will be in doubt for a
moment just which way to turn. Tnis
doubts will be only to nentary, nowever,
for captains think and act quickly, and a
short sharp blast from one of the whistles
will sound out over the walter.

Tois blast in plain English will tell the
captain or officer of the other vessel;
am directing my course to starboard,”
orto the right, and the man at the whee! of
the vessel which gave the signal will roll
his wheel over so that his vessel's nose will
turn to the right,

As soon as the mun in charge of the other
eraft hears this #ignal he will answer gen-
erally ty sounding a sae toot on the
whistle, and this means “Your signal is
understood, I am directing my course
to starboard.” The wheel of bis vessel
is rolled over so that the boat's nose turns
to starboard and the two vessels, if the
signals have been given in tine, will pass
each other safely, each being on the port
or left side of the other

If the signal should he two short blasts
it would mean, “T am Cirecting my course
to port,” and if this is understood on the
other vessel the two beats will pass each
other on the starboard side

Nometimes it happens that when one
captain has signalled that he is going 1
starboard the other captain will not ayree
to this and will anawer with two whistles,
and the first captain will agree to the se
ond signal and alter the course of bis vessel
accorc ingly

There is one more signal, but it ts only
used when vessels are getting close t
gether and there ip danger of a collisior
That is three short blaste and it means
*Mv engines are going at full speed astern.”

These rules bave been put inte rhyme
and the jingle ist) easy way of fiatiiiiar sy ng
one's self wilh the ruler Jt isaefollow

Hf one whistle ve should blow,
lo starboard (een Sour bow riust ge

And
hell

speediog an oe gs the tide
pass to purl along your side

hould blow
our bow nual go
ts falr and wide
1 plarboard side

If two whistles you
Why then to port
And Uf the space

you |! pass aloue |

fiw ts galing fall speed
Ht a captain should failto understand (he
fiend approaching Veswel Le
eae four and probably aev-

ra tol

that ing 4 we en

wound at

*[.

a i
ee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeed —_— es

\
|

Nee eyEyEEE EEE

}

eral more short toota on the whistle
of his own vessel. ,

In fog, mist, falling snow or heavy rain-
storms vessels are to make all sorts of
noises and a captain hearing these noires
can tell at once what sort of a vessel he is
approaching and what he must do to avoid
a collision. Every steam veesel must be
provided with an efficient whistle or siren
#0 placed that the sound may not be inter-
cepted by any obstruction, and with an ef-
ficient fog horn to be sounded by mechani-
cal means and with an efficient bell.

When there is a fog a steamer must slow
down its speed and must sound at intervals
of not more than two minutes a prolonged
biast on the whistle, Those who have
c the ocean and found fog on the
Banks know how coleful the sound of that
whistle is and low little sleep can be had
60 long as the fog lasts.

If the vessel has been stopped but ik not
at anchor, every two minutes two prolonged
blasts must be sounded with an interval
of one second between them, A prol ng d
blast means one of from four to 81x seconds
duration,

If a captain of an ocean steamer that is
piceing its way through the fog shold
lear two blasts sound through the mist
he would know that he is near some vessel
that is simply drifting with the current,
If he should hear a bell rung rapicly for
about five seconcsa every minute, he would
know that he was near a vessel that was
anchored.

 

BARKER? FAR FROM BOWERY.

An Extle Encountered by Two New Yorkers
Away Up the State.

The real Bowery bartender, the fellow
with the short hair, iron gray mustache
curling up at the ends, broken nose, squat
figure and broad shoulders, seldom escapes
from New York. Two New Yorkers coming
out of the woods where they had bean
hunting last week stopped at a small hotel
in a city up near the Canada line. Pre-
siding over the bar they found the genuine
article,

How he ever escaped .from the Bowery
and got up there they couldn't imagine,
but that he was the real thing it took but
a glance to tell. He waa all there, even
down to a dent or two in the top of his
head, which came from having bottles in
the hands of impatient customers bumped
on it.

The eyes of the bartender lit up at once
when he saw the New Yorkers. He knew
them by certain marks, as well as they knew
him.

“Whiskey!” said the New Yorkers.

The bartender went under the bar and
hauled out two whiskey glasses, larger than
those in sight, behind the bar.

“New York glasses,” he said briefly.

“Have a certain kind of glass for New
Yorkers?” asked one man.

“Why, gents, if I was to give you one of
the thimbles they use up here, you wouldn't
like it at all. Look at 'em,” and he pro-
duced two diminutive whiskey glasses of
the sort they put out in the small country
barrooms, so the farm. hands won't take
more than their money’s worth.

“You're from New York?’

“Bowery,” said the bartender.

“How can you stand this?”
man.

“Best graft ever I see, gents,” said the
bartender, growing confidential. “Say, up
here they actually tip the bartender.

“Ever hear of that before? No? Well,
neither did I. But up here when a blood
blows in and orders a drink he won't take
any change.

“T've had a half a dozen of these swells
come inhere and order around, one of them
toss a five spot at me, and then refuse to
take any change. Say, I make $15 every
week above my salary, and it’s a good salary,
too.

“I'm saving money.
stand it.

“But, Lord, it’s far away from the Bow-
ery. I haven't been on the Bowery for
seven months now, and I ain’t seen a show.
Sometimes I have a hunch to get down for
a night and take in Miner's Theatre, but
then I can't afford it, and besides, if them
Bowery. lights ever gets in my eyes again, I
can see me hurling them over McGurk's
bar for the rest of my life.

“Say, here's a funny thing. Since I been
here L-never got swung once for a drink.
Every guy that comes in has the price and
a little over for me.

“If I told that to Fatty Langtry or some
of the other fizzes down on the Bowery
they'd say I was crazy. Seven months
at the mahogany and mirrors and never
a swing for a drink! It wouldn't seem
possible to them,

“And haven't hada fight, either. When
I first caine up here these young French-
Canadian sports see I was from a musey
fection, aa that I might like to muss it up
with some of them, so they goes in to guy
me.

“But Lord, | was wise to them, and I
never let them get my alley, and now they
awear by me, I'm the most popular bar-
tender in the place, and there’s a lot of
these fellows would quit drinking if I went
back to the Bowery.

“Say, have them vandals that's digging
the tunnel torn up the Bowery? If they
have, I don't want to go back. The Bow-
ery ought to be preserved, that’s what it
ought.

“A fellow ought to be able to leave the
Bowery for fifty vears and go back and
find it just where he left it. How are things
going down there?

“No, don't tell me. I don’t think IT can
stand much talk, because ever since you
gents came in here there's been a fever in
me, I guess it’s the old New York fever,
All New Yorkers have it, I'm (old, but none
so bad as the man from the Bowery.

“IT guess I'll never go back, though. I
can't leave such a cinch as this. This
quiet life just suits me. No wardmen to
shake you down, no bums to drive a beer
glass at you as you turn to make the change,
no bughouse mut to grab up the free lunch
knife.and give you a hasty turn or two for
your life; none of those things.

“But say, I'd like to see the old Bowery
once more.

“He'll be back in town in a week,” said one
of the New Yorkers. “He's burning up
with the fever to get back to the Bowery,
and he won't last much longer, Mean-
while, though, he’s trying to fool himself
that he’s happy up there,”

 

asked one

That’s how I can

Bezobrazof, Court Favorite.

Irom the London Times

According to information received by the
Oavoborhdenie, the chief factor in the recent
ehanges in the Russian Ministry has been
the influence of a certain M. Bezobrazofi,
who is spoken of as a favorite of the Czar.
M. Bezobrazoff began his career by serving
in the Horse Guards Regiment. At the be-
ginning of ihe reign of Alexander TIT. he he-
came the heart and soul of ap organization
formed to protect the person of the monarch,
In various ways he strengthened his influ-
enee at Court, and during the last few years
has repeatedly laid before the Czar meto-
randa ou important affairs of State The
Ministers, who formerly ignored M. Bezo-
brazotv, have latterly begun to protest dmaiiet
bis interferenoe, and it ip said to hase been

in Consequence of sueh a protest on the part
ot M. Witte that the Czar recently bestowed
ov bis favorite the tithe of Beeretary of State

to lis Majesty, a titl eby only
avery few distinguished porsous

Jwo or three years ago M. Bezobrazoff
with the assistance of severclof the tl vid

Dukes, a number of officials of the State 1D)

hicbois bor

Parthient aod the Consul at Seoul, formed
company and secured from the ores
Governinent & concession for the eaplowatior
YT Corean forests and tainer 1t Wits ot his
initiative, too, and by Nis adview that the
haiperor ¢redted) the uiijporfant off ol
Viceroy of the Par Bist in oppoeition to the
Visher of the Ministers eohiefly conerrnes
Che creation of this offfee wea the iniimediate
oceasion of M Witte’s resignation, and tt
sas with diMenlt: that Count Lamsdorl and
fer bauropithas rte prevented frou ot

! ' !

\! | tori cul! | jila ill
th Wiisiet ' orttol thie
rt { rela ‘ 1 (
‘ ‘ Mews ! bhi tena

' i He repro ielie ;
brisate p ihe Since the daye of (ather
ine If sad Paul |. ho Court favorite appears

to have bad sueh @ decisive ipfluenes upon
the course of public o@uire ae M, Bezobrasol

SOME WHO WOULD BE RANGM

LETTERS WHICH
HUMAN

The Man Who “Walled Qutside to Give
You a Personal Proof of ‘ty Methoq
—"“Vou” Was the British Home Nem
fetary—Barber Who Noted Likely
Customers—Gentle Wtib * Pattentg.e

 

ARE REALLY
DOCUMENTS

 

A queer bundle of letters became
property in England a week or so 4g: They
are applications from men of pins ty pea
for the post of public hangmar and ne
stranger collection of human cy unent
has come to light ina very longtime 1 ,

na grow.

i iblig

  

show whata remarkable faseinit |:
some calling can have for some tyjyd
Bort of glamcur of the rope

Sir William Vernon Harcourt was the
British Home Secretary, and Marwood
long the public executioner, had just died,
when these letters were received twenty
years or 80 ago. They lay in a drawer
in the Horne Office till recently, when some
one discovered ther there und thir king
to educate the publie in the knowled
of the queer people who go to make ij, the
world, made the most striking of
the subject of a newspaper articl

They are from men of all degrees of ine
telligence and education. The illiterates
are in the majority, but not overwhelmingly
80.
The writers addreas the Hone Secretary]
with varing degrees of reapect and famile
jarity. One of them, bringing the Home
Secrctary into tho circle of friends of the
hangman, refers to the late executions
as “our esteemed friend Marwood ”

He urges that he is especially titted for
the post because he, like the late Marwood
faa shoemaker, and he “would he sorry ta
the office to go outside our trade.’

“Dear sir,” adds another correspondent,
ina postcript, “Iam waiting outside with
a coi] of rope and should be glad to piv)
you a persona! proof of my method.” 'Th
Home Secretary unfortunately has lef
no comment to show how he felt on r
ceiving this intelligence.

Many of the lettera show plainly th
strange fescination which the executioner
calling had for them. One says nafve|
of the late hangman, “I have followed
career and actions with deepest interest.”

In only one is the grewsome nature
the duties admitted. The writer says:

“I have some knowledge of anatomy,
am an exceedingly strong man and
command sang-froid under any cir
cumstances. I have witnessed execution
among all nations, consequently there
no fear of my getting sick at the rigi
moment,”

The following letter might be read wit}
a double meaning. It says:

“Will you except Mee the office of Pub
Executioner, sweep by trade and fea!
Nothing, marread and 5 children,”

Here is one of the best written and the
strangest of the letters:

Sim: I herewith beg to make applicati
for the appointment of Public Execution
for this realm of Great Britain and Irelan
rendered vacant by the death of Mr. Mar
wood. I have at various times made so
very successful experiments in the art o
hanging (by means of lifesize figures wit
the view to making myself thoroughly p
floient in the deapatch of criminals, an
I have no hesitation in saying that I belle
my system would be the most expeditiou
never-failing, and most humane that h
ever been adopted or that could possibl
be used, as it has been my greatest study.

My system of hanging is not a lingerin
death by strangulation, but instantaneou
and painless, rendered so by asmall appllanc
of my own for the instant severing of th
spinal cord. I may say that I adopt a "{
riety of drdps, varying from 7 ft. 10% in. t
16 ft. 11 3-32 in.

J shall be glad to conduct n series of er
periments under your personal inspection o
the first batch of criminals for executio
that you may see for yourself the superiorit
of my system over that of all others,

I may atate that having been many years
sailor, I have had experience in running ther
up to the yardarm, of a character not to
met with in every-day life. Awaittin
your reply, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

 

Note the self satisfaction this applicant
displays in the success of his experiments
and picture him, absorbed in the study
of nooses and drops, practising on dummi
and elaborately calculating effects even
the fraction of aninch. He prefera to sho
his skill on a ‘‘batch of criminals,” not o
Was ever an enthusiast more absor'
in an invention? And did ever the in-
ventor of a patent for saving human life
write of it with more pride than this mal
does of hia for destroying it?

But here is another letter equally strange
and suggestive:

Sir: I Beg to make application and offer
my services as the Public Executioner | beg
to state that by trade i am 4 Barber and that
my age is 34 and also that helth and nerve
is good in my Line of Business as 4 Barbet

' | have had some years of Great Experivnoe

in the Fornution of the necks and Wind
pipes of all kinds of people and therefore
think that the Situation if dear Sir it will be
your Pleasure to appoint Me would be the
means of my Fulfilling it to your full satisfac
tion. J can Refer you for my testimonials @
several Manchester Gentlemen of High hone
and Long Standing. | remain, Hon, Sit,
Your bumbule Servant

If this barber's patrons had only knowl
that while he lathered their chins as they
lay in his chair he was studying the cole
tours of their necks and the line of thett
windpipee, what would they have thought!
The letter raises the question are there
more barbers in England who have 4 notioa
to be hangmen?

The quotations might be continued Ine
definitely. There is one applicant who
must have served on a jury and heard
the oath administered. He remenibers 1s
language at an odd time. ‘

“Should you trust me with the duty,
he writes, “I will endeavour to pertorm
the same without fear, favor, or affection.

The last seems a little unnecessary He
ix 43, he says, “powerfully built and ofa
very commanding appearance, characte

unimpeachable and courage uncon vert
able.”

In all of the letters one man only be'rays
the least touch of sentiment. Naturally,
perhaps, you would not expeet (lal a
the hangman. He writes of the conde m .

x

as “patients” and promises to hand

“as gently as a child.” He says fur :

“All business entrusted to my car #8
be exeeuted with the greatest ce atch
combined with Kindness that is inthe powe
of any man to do,”

It seems a queer letter to come 6
would-be hangman But so are |
queer, They reveal an ovt-ot war
phase of human nature on whicl Note

1 le ts
daus and their kind ean medita

 

mii
ee

Primary, Gesendery or Tertiary Blood Pols
Pormanontly Cured, You can be tr ted nib
onder sane guaranty, Capital 6000) Wer ve
the moet oletinate canny pppye! brad ”
eases in Ih to Di daye Tf you have taker boy
iodide potash and sull have wehes gpd be ya
Patches in Mouth Bore Throat, Pry
Colored spots, Uleersou any partotties *
os Byehrows falling oul, wrle forpre C :
ook Remedy Co.

19 Mewnic Lempl#,Culongo, Lik iw page bows ‘a