All Past Qualities Eclipsed.

Artistic Furniture Priced Within the Reach of Everyone

No money is no excuse—you ought to have a home as well
suited in its comforts and adornments to your taste and needs as
careful yet liberal selection can make it. And here you can select
from an extensive stock, complete in every line, reliable in every
detail, all that is best in furniture—the kind that fills the eye as well
as the needs—and on our little-by-little payment system your selec-
tion is encouraged by easy paying terms that make buying a pleasure,

 

What Home Furnisher Would Refuse to take advantage of such a
ce opportunity? This handsome suit is the acme of refinement in Artistic
urnishing. Carefully selected richly grained mahogany frames, hand-rubbed piano
lish finish, guaranteed the best upholstering and covered with high grade imported
erona velour or rich silk damask, all the desirable colorings. We've $9 0 0 0

sotd many at $150.00, but this sale eliminates all thoughts of profit at ‘

Liberal Credit

Is the modern method for securing modern home comforts and
conveniences.

Brooklyn Furniture Co.,

Carpetings, Bedding, Draperies, Etc.,
5590-571! Fulton Street, Brooklyn.

 

 

 

 

which the readers of the toy papers will
follow with interest.
Most of the owners of toy papers are |
young men, but there are some young women |
n the field, and they are just as quick to
engage in these discussions as their brother |
editors.
As a rule the editors are not over
When they get older and give up the fad
they generally keep their papers registered
with the association in case at any time
they should want to get out another issue
for fun. A lot of the editors who started
the association and who are now middle-
ee business men have occasionally done
is.
Some of the papers make a pretence of
having subscription terms. Some of them
do have paid subscribers, who are usually
the editor's friends anxious to help him
out. Most of the copies, though, are ex-
changed, so that the revenue is inconsider-
able and some editors do not attempt to

 

11 FUN T0 BE A TOY EDITOR,

More Than 800 Members in the National
Amateur Press  Association—Some
Elaborate Publications Got Out—Others
Just Leafiete—What They Print.

Probably no small boy ever owned @
toy printing press without having the
desire for a bigger press so that he could
become editor, reporter and printer of
his own newspaper. There are hundreds
of persons in this country to-day who are
exemplifying that desire and they are
not boys, either. They call their fad ama-

 

oF

=v)

 

a
—.,

5 ; charge anything. Some few have ve
teur journalism pend in ee sit eee tried to publish advertising, but there
print their own views and the contributions | j, gaid to be a deep prejudice among the

of their friends and get as much fun out
of their hobby as a millionaire gets out

| toy editors against commercialism in toy
of his steam yacht. |

journalism.

, Some of the papers now represented in
the association were started twenty years
ago. None of them pretends to have
regular dates of issue. In place of the
date aome of them print “Occasion 1.,”
Occasion II.,” or whatever issue it may be
for the year.

Perhaps the most pretentious amateur
journal is the Vagabond, a 64-page maga-
zine, which a man at Riverside, Cal., gets
out when he can. It has an associate edi-
tor in Salt Lake City. In a@ recent issue

Through the National Amateur Presse
Association, to which most of the toy jour-
nalista belong, they get a circulation of
more than 800 for their papers, and their
publications are read all over the country.

Every yeor the toy Journalists have a
convention at which they discuss improve-
ments in their papers, award prizes for

the best simries and poema and discuss n a S _ 16s
means for getting more to embark in the , the Vagzbond's editor undertook to criticize
field and experience the delight init. The | 80me of his contemporaries in this fashion:

: ne ’ : ‘ Is it better to Issue a poor paper than none
last convention met at Chicago last July at all? That depends largely on the age,
and at it were more than 300 toy edi- | experience and Roanges of the editor, ere

‘ , are several papers in the association tha
tors who had come from all over the | 8re feveral Papers ea, The. Reflector
country. §The next convention is to be | heads the list. It {s a disgrace to Its editor
at San Francisco and the attendance is and to the position he holds as a leading
expected to be even larger.

member of its executive board.
Nine-tenths of the owners, publishers | The editor of the Scribbler fella, of ber
and editors of tey papers now belong to the Fae one number under ings
National Amateur Press Association. Thelr | “‘phig is the second time I have attempted
organization isn't incorporated, but it has , to get out this number, Four pages and a
been in existener twenty-eight years. Its
founder was James M. Beck, the Phila-

cover were set up last Christmas, but tho
work was never finished. I had thought to
delphia lawyer and Assistant Attorney-
General of the United States.

Mr. Beck was an enthusiastic toy jour-
nalist in his younger days. It is said that
even now he is very much interested in the
fad and reads a gocd many of the toy
papers.

Recently he wrote for a souvenir number
of one paper en article in which he at-
tributed much of his success in life to his
efforts in amateur Journalism. I) efforded
him an opportunity to learn to write flu-
ently and discuss current topics, he said.
Mr. Beck, when he waa running an amateur
paper, got a lot of others who were doing
the same thing to exchange papers with
him, and out of this grew the associa-
tion.

The owners of toy papers say that the
fad is an education as well us a pleasure,
and the cost can easily be proportioned to
one's means. Some of the amateur editors
get out papers that are nothing more than
leaflets at irregular intervals. A majority
do their own printing.

A printing press can be bought for from
$15 up. With such a press a boy can get |
out a peper in which be eon air his views '
and send them to every one of the agsocia-
tion's 800 members

While the cost of toy journalisin on that |
seale is inconsiderable many go into it much
more heavily. Some, in tact, print little
magazines of twenty, thirty or even bixty
pages with neat covers and containing
stories, poetry and even small euts, It ts
a@ condition that ail the contriouters shall
be amateurs, that is, that they shall not
write for a living

One publication of ambitious scope is
called /iction and is got oul by a young man
in Brooklyn named Wills. It is devoted to
short fletion written by himaelf
and his friend

It is tastefully bound and costs him about
$500 a year, as he does not print it hinwelf
He isa young lawyer and says that he gete
fun worth twice that out of it

The president of the as4oelation, Foster
Gilroy, is a young man who lives at Jana-
downe, ’a., and gets out a paper whose
typographical features would be a eredit

i

a circula-

Serib did not receive as large
@ number

tion as I intend to give it.

and is readable on that account.

This paper is one of at thd al Seah

In one toy paper published in the West
the editor threatens to go into politics.
“At the present,” he says, “we are not
pledged to any ticket, but in our next issue
we will name the one we support.”

How seriously the toy editors take them-
selves was shown recently when they held
a trial in Brooklyn because one of their
number had published an account of doings
at the convention which were not regarded
as highly creditable and his ex pula was
demanded. The judges decided that as
he had tried to aBcertain the truth of the
article before printing it he could atay in.

When charges are brought such as in
the real newspaper fleld would be adjudi-
cated by the courts, the toy editors abide
by the decision of three executive udges
appointed for the purpose. All the toy
aR ion want to see the membership of their
association increased and
try to improve their papers and keep them
free from slander.

WATCH THE DOMESTIC FOWLS.

By Doing So You Can Judge What the
Game Birds Are Doing.

Bird hunters can get an idea as to whether
| grouse, quail or woodeock are moving by
watching barnyard fowls.

Tf the domestic birds are moving about
and feeding freely it is certain that gamo
birda are doing the same, and it will be noted
that the hours for feeding of domestic fowls
| and wild birds are the same, early morning
and late afternoon.

Generally speaking, the bright, clear,
| still days are the best, but after a clearing
shower or a long rain and upon some gray
days a study of the barnyard fowls will
show that the opportunity for a few hours’
unexpected anooting is present.

The Southern guides study domestic
fowls very Meret itty, and the predictions
based on their observations are invariably
correct, Often they will prediot failure
upon what appears to be a perfect day,
because the fowls for some unaccountable
reason are not feeding, and it is a frequent

 

 

KOrles

o ale printip house. Jt is called the | oecurrence to hear them use this expression

tylus. He has his own press and sets up | on starting out upon a good day;

very bit of the type hinuself | “See them chickens, Bah; movin’ ‘bout
Vhere are fourteen pages iisually in an | and feedin’, happy laike? Birds'll be out

issue, and in these are short stories, jokes, | to-day suah, ah Never siw that aign

some verse and usually some small illustra: | fail,”

tions Editor Gilroy even makes use of | The advantage of hunting freely moving

iMieminated capital

This is the second year of the Stylus
Young Gilroy announces on the front page
that it is “nublished occasionally.” In the
last pumter he had an editorial complain
ing bitterly beoanse San Vranciseo will get | rarely flushes a bird when he comes to
ihe next convention, while the St. Louis | over a trail, but will frequently put birds
Vair managers offered a special day should | up when he comes upon them suddenly
the convention be held there, This will | The bedy seent of the bird le not as great

robably Jead to an editorial discussion | a6 that it leaves in walking

birds ia great. n ranging about, they leave
trails which the dog ean easily piek up
and work out, while, if they are not moving,
he muat get very close to them before he
can detect their presence. A good dow

{

 

There |

com plete it, but finally surrendered to despair. |
Owing to sickness the last number of the,
er

 
 
 
    
   
    
 
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
     

IN A SWIMMING POOL VAULT,

!
}

|
|
|
|

 

| @Xpense win J wstifiable

| {

|
\

|

lavellers, as any one can see who turns | seeret,” said Dr. Giilfoy, “the olty will
thelr pages allow vou to. No one need fear that the
Back in the first records, beneath that | eily will tell on him ae long as he’s
lof the deathof Alexander Hamilton, stands | tha low ”

NEW

Keeping Them a Big Job, So Fast Do We

indicating how fast it ts growing. Yet, |

when New Yorkers read in the Health |
| Board’s tables that there were 85,000 births
| in the city last year, 66,000 deaths and some=
| thing like 33,000 marriages, few of them
| probably stop to think what a big Job it is ,
| to compile the statistics and keep the records |
| that show just how big we are getting.

contains a splendid story by Mrs. Miniter | lection of real estate titles no collection of

consequently | fine day and the big five-story building |

| riages filed since 188%

|
|
|

Of Unquestionable Merit at Prices
Far Below Their Real Value.

40 Upright Pianos

Marked at Quick Selling Pricés.

A sale of vast importance to those who wish to
economize in the purchase of a reliable Piano. We
have accumulated a large stock of used Pianos,
many of them high grade instruments, in perfect
order, having been thoroughly done over in our
work rooms, and fully guaranteed, with privilege
of exchange at any time if desired, which positively
must be disposed of at once, as we are daily re-
ceiving our Fall stock of new designs.

This sale will include such well known makes of

Uprights as
Knabe Emerson

Sterling
Chickering Weber Wheelock
New England Huntington

and many others having a local reputation.

PRICES: PRICES:

The lowest. The highest,

$125.00. $250.00.
Square Pianos

in great variety, newly finished and at half their real value.
Huices Tate from $20 to $75. Small monthly payments if
esired.

m Sterling Piano «.

MANUFACTURERS, Wholesale and Retail Warerooms,
Sterling Building,

Fulton Street and Hanover Place, Brooklyn.

Open Saturday Evenings.

the name of a carpenter, with no further
light on his identity. The record of Alex-
ander Hamilton's death is in one of the
early volumes. Who kept these is not
known. There are about a dozen of them.
The first ia dated 1789.

Hamilton's name was entered on July 11,
1804, It is rather singular that neither
his residence nor his age was entered in
the proper column. Inthe column “disease”
there is the entry “casualty,” and following
that the statement that he was buried in
Trinity Ceme'ery and that the sexton was
Thomas Colles'on. In the “remarks” column
this is written in a er: bbed hand:

Fell in duel with Col. Aaron Burr, near
Weehawk, N. J., on the morning of the oth
of July. Interred at the expense of the
Corporation of the City of New York.

“Hives” was entered as he mosi frequent
of childrens diseases. That is not ac-
cepted now as a cause of doith. John
MeCarihy of Flymarke: s!ree’ was “killed
by boxing” on June 3, 1808, according to
| the “rem irks” entered by the old custodian,
In the list of 718 deaths from yellow fever in
1785, of which a separaie record was
kap', «ppeirs an entry for “Biddy Buckley,
a child who wouldn't take medicine.” an

Were the records now kept in such pon-
derous volimes as those in which the first |
hoilth officer wrote a century ago, the!
vault could not hold them all. But since
1888 the certificates have been bound in ,
cornpact litile volumes, not more than
threa inches wide. There is siill room,
on the shelves forthousinds of these, so the |
present vault will do for many years. Only {
the records of Minhattan and Tie {
are kept here.
has been built.
safes are used.

Tt will stand to the credit of Commissioner
Lederle's adminisiration that there are now
recorded almos' all births, wherexs in |
former yejrs thousands wen! unrecorded

 

YORK'S VITAL STATISTICS
HAVE AN ODD BUT SAFE HOME.

 

Grow—But They're in Better Shape
Under Reform Than Ever Before—Se-
cretp Which Not Every One Can Get.

New York is getting used to atatistics |

As the city grows, the Job gets bigger. |
Just how big it has now become can only |
be realized by a visit to the Bureau of Vital
Statistics. Then the Job appears to be
almost stupendous.

The city of New York has now been col- |
lecting statistics for its citizens for more
thanacentury. Not all of them have been
preserved, however, In the beginning of
the last century a lot of records of deaths
were Jost. They have never been found.
There are records back as far as 1798. Then
there js @ gap of some ten years prior to
1825, From that time to this the records
continue without @ gap.

Only records of deaths were kept in those
early days, but since 1847 deaths, births

Bronx
In Brooklyn a similar vault |
In Queens and Richmond

and marriages have been kept, as provided through the corelessness #nd neglee’ or
by laws then passed, Outside of the col- | physicians and midwives. The penalty is
| $100, and it is enforced. One doc'or of ;

good s'anding who had been a flagrant j
off snder wis prosecuted recen: ly, \
“We are now for the first time,” sid
Dr, Guilfoy to a Sun reporer, “ge'tin
prob bly all the birhs in addi'ion te a
tha mirri ‘ges and devhs. Te fioures
fe AP r we Hoe more then 100,000 births
; n all prob bility, where's list voa:
the full value of it. When Dr. Lederle numbered only 85,000. Such an thoretee |
took hold of the Health Department its | cin only be accounied for by the fac! that
records, though fraught with so much | before this we have never had a complete
importance to thousands of persons, were | ne Rea f th 1 |
kept on the top floor of the building in an | agor ; an Nat hitee, Wich Sines
; | ris devoted t pari y 7 |
Pts seer, Ache Goud only lave, oted to a card index, with which

‘ searchers quickly find the original’ -
destroyed them, Now they are in what | ords downstairs, The Health Department
was the old swimming pool of the New |

| charges 50 centa for looking over a year's
York Athletio Club, the former tenant of |

}

|

records is so valuable, and none is more |
jealously guarded.

The place where these records are kept
is one of the strongest subterranean vaults
inthe city. To Commissioner Lederle this |
reform is due, and only posterity can know

 

 

records for a birth, marriage or death, and
the building. This pool was in the cellar, |

10 Senator Benn additional year. Laat '
i year in Manhattan 18,000 tran ?

Dr. Iederle had it roofed over with steel. | ier a Ye:

If an earthquake should come along some

made, This shows how valuable the rec-
ords are,

Fortunes and reputationa hang on the
record in one of the little volumes in the
vault. They are often indisputable proof
against slander, but just on this point
there is a great deal of publie misunder-
atanding. It is not uncommon for some
one to ask for the record of a birth or a
marriage and be surprised when the man
hehind the deak wants to know what it is
wanted for

The other day a group of girls trooped
into the office. They wanted to see the
record of a girl friend’a marriage The
clerk asked what for

“Well, you see,” said the girls, “Kitty says
she isn’t married, and we think she is, and
we're tired of having her lie about it.”

When the girls confessed, also, that not
one of them was more than a friend of Kitty
the clerk promptly told them that, if Kitty
didn't tell, the Health Beard wouldn't.
The girls went away disappointed

“That OS oply ce of Kilbane instances,”
! said Dr. Guilfoy. “With those girls it was
; only girlish curiosity and a desire to get
; even with their friend, but with others it is
three ages of man, #0 lo speak, instead of | different. There are a lot of seandal mong-
seven. {t denotes each of these by a nepa- | ers inthis world, and they all make for this
rate color. Red is shown for birth, groen | place, apparently.”
for marriage and black for death | There is a liw whieh save that any tax-

above it crumble into pieces the records |
would still be preserved, for experts have |
declared that even that catastrophe could
not shatter the steel roof of wue vault.
Were the records ever destroyed the
loss to this city would be incalculable,
s)» Commissioner laderle feeis that the

fhe public does not have direct access |
to the reeords. Only the searchers of the
de oartment are allowed there, but through
the eourtesy of Dr. William H, Guilfoy,
who has been in charge of the records for
wenty years, & SUN reporter Was taken
through the vault the other day,

It is well lighted and ventilated, and
on the shelves are Many rove of thick
little books, each containing the original
certificates of births, deaths and mar-
Prior to that the |
certificates were copied, These volumen, |
sore of which go back to 1789, are kept
on other shelves

fhe Health Department knows «nly

When a person ia born in this big city, | payer eu ob ain (he (ranseript of any
whether on Fifth avenue or basex strect, | pusblie record ot her than those of the police
his name goes into a little red book along | depur ment and Corporation Counsel's
with 400 others, 500 certificates tnaking a) Office Bul the Char er ‘lis ine ly says (hut
volume, When the sane person gete| the Hadth Bovrd sul have charge of the
marred, his name on @ new certificate | records of vital s atis fos and shell make

oes into a green book of the same size. | rules for (heir preservation,  Further-
lia career officially is ended when (he | more, the sime seeion says that it bhall
death certificate woes in the black book. | issue a transcript of the recorda to “any
Bach book is on a separate shelf, and they | person nexi of kin or any person duly
tell the story, #o far as the Health Board | au’ horized ”
wants to know it, of the life of every New The Health Bourd holds, therefore, that
Yorker this gives il the right to refuse a transeript

Tho little rad, of any reeord to anybody who eannot
are po diseriminators of persons The | prove a good purpose in obtaining it, and
rieh man's phame stands next to that «f | the eour 6 have upheld (his
the menudicant The little books are great “If you want to keep your marriage 4

 

green and black books

     
  
 
 
    
      

 

    

    
 
       
  

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS. | BROOKLYN ADVERTIBEMENTS.
WaAAnl ae icin ednmnmemrnincnetett™ seh ann

as rt i tt i a cls ee ieee

IF IT’S FROM MASON’S IT’S GOOD VALUE.

=
°

ESTABLISHED J\uagt

SAS

fs Ye
eG PCOR. BRIDGE ST.
i er AND MYRTLE. AVE.

Only a small deposit needed, the balance on small weekly payments.
If you want anything in Carpets,

visit Mason’s.

EVERYTHING RELIABLE—GOODS, TERM
A Rare Bargain for the Parlor-

Sea ART TT

   

This handsome Parlor Suit and Table will make the foundation

best Verona velour; extra heavy pile, well springed and tastefully carved

elsewhere at $25.00. We have purchased all the maker had of them, and

OUR $18.00 DAMASK PARLOR SUITS:--5 PIECES---ARE SOLD ELSEWHERE FOR $35.00.
Remember, That the Goods We Advertise

Are Not Exaggerated and Are on

Bigelow's best Body Brussels Carpets, $1 l 5 Smith’s _ best
POP YATd. sce serecssseescecerseeeees ° | yard sesso.

 

EVERYTHING RELIABLE. LOW PRICES, EASY TERMS,

Established on this corner, Myrtle Avenue and Bridge Street, since 1843, i
SA a

Valta Meteorite Electric Powder Cures Rheumatism while you walk. It’s here.

ge ae
Centennial of Purse Pullers

We could fill a page with attractions of which these are samples—but
prepared to astonish her with the spread of good things and at very little prices.

G

   
   
   

a
:. ( ;

“
re

  
  

women’s long Coat Suitings, 98c. yd.
54 in. Zibelines, best colors, $1.00 yd.
1200 pieces of Melton Suitings, 29c. yd,
Rich, lustrous soft finish Liberty satin,
5 in, wide, every color and black and
\ | white ribbon, 59c. quality for 39c,
Solid Oak Chair, open cane seat, brace Great sale cotton and wool Underwear.
arm, $3.90. Sewing Machines, $5 down, $1.00 a week.
Women’s Cotton Waists of Madras and Special sale of art needle Sofa Cushion

fancy weaves, full plaited front, pearl Tops, Lambrequins at cost.
buttons, 98c. | Women’s $3 value Shoes for $1.73.

QUARRELED, SPLIT, THE FINE CLOTHING IS HERE,

Men's and Boys’ Suits, Overcoats 33 per cent. under price.

RICHEST SILKS AND VELVETS HERE—GREAT PRICE CUTS.

That's the story, in brief, of why we offer to-morrow

 

HOME-BUILDING ITALIANS.

A Good Word From Jersey for (iilzens
Oft Maligned.

Ten years ago there was scarcely a prop-
erty owner in Newark, N. J., who was
Italian, either by birth or parentage. ‘To-
day the sons of sunny Italy have a firm
hold on Jersey soil in that neighborhood
and are increasing their domains every
month.

It is not more than five years since real
estate agents began to deal with Italians.
Before that it was the general belief among
the agente that the Italians were poor
folk to cultivate, and by general consent
the race was seldom asked to buy lots.

All that has passed now. Tt has been
discovered that the Italians not only want
bullding lots, but that they are the best
hind of pay

“There's one thing,” said an agent the
other day; “you must not hurry them for
their money in the late fall and winter
Moat of then: are day laborers and in the
inclement season have little work and
cannot pay the monthly ussessment for
the lot they are buying

“Tf you attempt to cut the business out
of your books, you would have a riot on
your hands. They would think it mon-
strous. They know little or nothing of
our lawe and could never Le brought to
gee the Justice of il, Bo we just tide them

Then we put up our signa:
Bile,’

“ie Italians descended on us and s00n we
hada brisk business. There were soinething
like one hundred and fifty twenty-five-foot
lots on the tract. They are nearly all gone
now and there are more than forty finished
houses there already. The lots on which
the houses stand are paid for and some of
the houses are clear of debt. Yet every
owner is a poor day laborer, earning from
$1.26 to $1.75 a day when he works, but not
working sometimes for days at a stretch.
And he has a wife in every case, and two
or three and often more children, too,
Don't you call that pluck?

“T)ese Italians have come to this country
to slay, They like it. They don’t know
much about the other people they see
about them, and this veneration cares less.
But the next generation will go to school —
is going to school rae in the next
five years the citizens of Italian descent
will be a force in northern Jersey.

"Do you know what they do when they
buy a@ lot? They pay $5 or §10 down on
it ona Saturday when they get their week's
wages. The next day they are on that lot
with a bundle or two of lathe and @ little
wire. They rig a fence around the Jot,
and if it is the proper season of the year the
women folks are on the ground in a day or
BO, Penne,

“Tha few weeks that lot is helping to pay
off its cost, And all the time they are bring-
ing building material theie and dumping
it around the fence, Strangely enough
not one of them will touch the property of
another. Now and then they coax or bribe
a driver employed on the job where they
earn their daily bread to drive his wagon
home at night by the lot. A gang of friends

over. Jn the spring every mother 8 fon heap the wagon up with atone and beams
of them comes around with his 65a month, | wijoh the lot owner has be from the
or whatever it may be, and by fall he ts | boss, and at the lot the whole tied te dumped

paid up even oft

*Two yeare ago iny partner and [bought
a tract on the edge of the cily jnaswamyy
neighborhood where you would think ne
one would or could live. We ran a ditch

through it and got rid of moat of the water,

“When the Itallan ie ready to build, he
does bis cellar digging himaelf.
jt on Munday», starting with a party

dows
f { laybreak and keeping lb ‘ancl
rliends at daybreak an
dark, He runs the beer cap bask and f

eT

If You Want a Parlor Suit, Visit Mason’s,

The display of medium and high grade Suits is a delight to the appreciative of the beautiful.

Lace Curtains, Portieres, Dining Room, Bedroom or Kitchen Furniture—

i os Masterful Display of Millinery and Rich Ostrich Plumes at Special Low Prices

| Matthews special blend of Coffee, 20c. Ib, | Men’s Waterproof Shoes for $1.98.
$1.35 yard value 54 inch Suitings, for! Embossed Mercerized Madras, 39c. yd.

 

eed tL TT
A

PY deteethent itt | |

Vl

 
 

  
  
  
       

(

1

C

,

mat

«

S, TREATMENT.
I

«=Four Pieces.
J

te t
ce

1

¢

t

c

y

J

y

t

t

¢é

(

¢

t

) : ]
of a neat parlor i : is upon ered in the
t has been sol t
they are here at.... $12.00 :
@

I

c

t

fi

i

Hand, also

Velvet Carpets, per $1 (0
See rere wees eeeeee ose e

 

$1.00 to $1.50
Corsets for 49c

Different styles and lengths, white,
drab and black, 18 to 28, some:

slightly soiled —most of them perfect.

 

   
      
       
    
  
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
    
  
  
  
 
    
     
      
  
  
  

 
 

BOSrwwes Orwm=—BA eOmmemeoambwe eu

every woman knows that we will be

36 in. soft Nainsooks, 12!3c. yd.
36 in. Muslin, 8c. quality, for 6c. yd.
Unbleached Cotton Flannel, 10c.
Good quality Domestic Flannel, 5c. yd.
The Thick-in-the-Middle Sheets are here.
Cluny Laces were 95c. to $1.69, Monday

45 and 55c. yd.
Women’s Embroidered Stock Collars, !2c.
Columbia X P Molded Records, 19c.
Great big 5 lb. Blankets, $2.87 pair. |

  
     

to the nearest saloon allday,and they maky
a picnic of it.
“There are several houses on 1le¢ pict
we have been gelling, the owners of wile
have built every bit; from cellar to roof
tree. Tlie houses are well put together, 0°
These particular houses are of field stone
and often the walls are three feet thick
They must be snug places in winter. They
are covered with cement on the outside, ap |
already some have vines growing over tem.
“There is a popular belief that Jtallans
Ike to flock in tenements. Many of tien
do, but by no means all, My partner an!
myself have found very few Italians who
do not want to own their own homes. Wher
one of them buys a lot and begins Lo outs
vate the ground while he is paying for it
that Italian is the talk of the tenement,
“We sold a lot not long ago toa man wb?
was 60 anxious to have a home of his ow!
that he built half his home firat—a ss
and a half structure, one room aboy 4
and one below. He lived with his famuy
a wife and four children, in those two rovue
At night the family climbed up a ladde
nailed against the aide wall through &
a scaffold and lay on the bare floor abcve
“Another man, anxious to pay off the
debt on his home, rented out the two uppe!
rooma of hia story and @ half hours t
another family. The owner and his fami
lived on the ground floor, He came to 1"
{n great trouble one day, saying that wh
he had to rent his upper floor he did nm
like the other family (rooping through b
kiteben and dining room to get up the stars
to their roome he stairway was ip |
middle of the interior. 1 suggested that
build a stairway on the dulataa, and he di
{t, tearing down the inside stairway &r”
using the material for the outside work
“You would be surprised to see how ne
and clean man

of these little homes are
not only outside, but Inside aa well, It
vastly different, remember, whether @ m4
ja living iu @ tenement or in his own home
and thls applies to Italians 4s well ag |
other folks, 1 have been in many of thaes
houses and have found most of them ~
neat as Was.