Te Sy os 45

   

SOME NEW BOOKS.

Mortes's Life of Gladstone.

With the possible exception of Mr. Bryce, |
no living Englishman is so well qualified as
is Mr. JoHN MoRLEY from the viewpoints of |
«ympathy, of literary ability and of parha-
mentary and ministerial experiences, to
produce the long expected biography, now
published in three volumes, The Life of
William Ewart Gladstone (Macmilians). No
other biographer has had imposed upon him
a task so exacting as regards the bulk of
the documentary materials that Lave had to
be examined. In the first place, all the
papers collected at Hawarden were pla¢ ed
at Mr. Morley's disposal, Besides that vast
accumulation, he has been supplied wit
eral thousands of letters forthcoming from
the legion of Mr, Gladstone's correspond-
ents. He tells us that, on the wioie, between
two and three hundred thousand written
papers of one sort or another have passed
under his eye. The diaries from whieh
he often quotes consist of forty little books
in double columns, intended to do little more
then record persons seen or books read,
or letters written by thesubject of the biog-
raphy asthe days passed by As regards the
spirit in whieh the work has been composed
the author says that Le-
cause it agreed with his own conception of
his duty the injunction laid upon him by
Queen Vietoria, that the narrative be not
handled in a narrow, partisan way,

In an introduetion, Mi. Morley shows
himself keenly alive to the temerity of the
attempt to write a lite of Mr. Gladstone so
soonafter the statesman’sdeath. tHlerecou-
nizes that the ashes of the controversies
in which the subject of
deeply concerned are still hot and that
while the narrator stands so near theevents,
it is difficult to adjust perspective, seale,
andrelation. Moreover, not all the particu
lars, especially with regard to the later
stages of Mr. Gladstone's public life, can
be disclosed without risk of unjust pain
to persons now alive. It is equally obvious
that, to defer the task for thirty or forty
years, would also, though on other rrounds,
be objectionable. Interest would grow less
vivid; truth would become harder to dis-
cover; memories would pale and color would
fade. If, in one sense, a statesman's con-
temporaries, even when death has abated
thestorm and temper of faction,can scarcely
judge him, yet, in another sense, they who
breathed the same air that he breathed, who
knew at close quarters the problems that
faced him, the materials with which he had |
to work and the limitations of his time, |
may bethe best memorialists. This was an
advantage that Thucydides had over
Tacitus.

Another question had to be settled by
Mr. Morley before he began his narrative.
What was to be the of his work?
Should it be nearly possible, ex-
clusively biographical, or should it pre-
sent, in addition to the subject's life,
a history of his time? This is a question
with which a biographer is not perplexed
in the care of a man of letters. Where,

18eV-

he has obeyed

this work was so

scope

as

as

on the other hand, the subject is a man
who was four times at the head of the
British Government, and who held the

office of Prime Minister for a longer time
than any other statesman in the reign
of Queen Victoria, it is plainly impracti-
cable to tell the story of his works and
days without continual and ainple  ref-
erence to the events over whose unrolling
he presided. Mr. Morley does not profess
to have overcome successfully the almost |
insuperable difficulty of fixing in a task
like his the precise boundary which should
te drawn between history and biogra-
phy. He wamm-his readers that a detailed
account of Mr. Giladstone’s work as theos
logian and churchman will not be found
in these pages. Some may think, conse-
quently, that he has made the preponder-
ance of politics excessive in the story of
aman of signal versatility to whom poli- j
ties was but one interest among many.
Touching this possible criticism, the biog-

rapher says: “No doubt, speeches, de-
bates, bills, divisions, motions and = ima-
neuvres of parties, like the manna that

fed the Children of Israe! in the wilder-
ness, lose their savor and power of nutri-
ment on the second day. Yet, after all,
it was to his thoughts, his purposes, his
ideals, his performances as a statesman,
in all the widest significance of that lofty
and honorable designation, that Mr. Glad-
stone owes the lasting substance of his
fame,” As he himself said, his life was
ever “greatiy absorbed in working the
institutions of his country.”

We have seen that Mr. Morley took to
heart the Queen's suggestion that he
write in no blind spirit of party. It
does not follow that there is ho trace
of bias in this biography. All that is
claimed for it is that there is no bias
against the truth. Indifferent neutrality, f
frigid insensibility in a work penned,
as this is, in the spirit of loyal and affec-
tionate remembrance, would be distaste-
ful, discordant and impossible, “TE should
be,” says the biographer, “heartily sorry |
if there were no signs of partiality and
no evidence of  prepossession. On the
other hand, there is, | (rust, impor-
tunate advocacy or (edious assentation,
He was great man enoigh to stand in need
of neither, Still less has it been needed,
in order to exalt him, to disparage others
with whoin he came into strong collision
His own funeral orations from time to
time on some who were in one degree or
another his antagonists proved that this
petty and ungenerous method would have
been to him of all men most repugnant.”
Admiration and sympathy, however, need
not exclude discrimination, To pretend that
for sixty years Mr. Gladstone “traversed
in every zone the restless ocean of a great
nation's shifting and complex polities with-
out many a faulty tack and many a wrong
reckoning would indeed be idle.” We are
reminded that no such claim is set up by
rational men for Pym, Cromwell, Washing-
ton or either Pitt, It is not set up for any
of the three contemporaries of Mr, Glad-
stone whose names are bound up with the
three most momentous transactions of
his age Cavour, Lincoln and Bismarck.
Neither has Mr. Morley acted on the assump-
tion that, in all fields of inquiry or endeavor,
Mr. Gladstone's intellect showed — itself
equally powerfuland fruitful. “To suppose,”

no

we read, “that in every one of the many sub-
jects touched by him, besides exhibiting the
range of is powers and the diversity of his
interests, be made abiding contributions to
thought and knowledge, is to ignore
jealous conditions under which such contri-
Mr. Morley submits, how-
ever, Chat to say so much as this is to make
asmall deduction from the total of
@ grand account

We shall here pass rapidly over the first
volume and that part of the second whicu
Mi first
to the Premiership, thus covering in the
present notice the first thirty-five years ef
his publie life

the
butions caine.”

rut

precedes Gladstone's accession

With the possible exception of Lord Mana-
field, Mr. Gladstone is the most conspicu-
ous and powerful of all the public leaders
in Great Britain's history who have sprung
from the northern balf of the island,
at Liverpool! on Dec. 29, 1800, he was the son
of a Seotch merchant who had moved
acrons the border in the latter part of the

Horn

   

} eighteenth century. When he had grown te
' be the most famous man in the British realm
Mr. Gladstone said: “I am not siow to
claim the name of Scotsman, and, even
if 1 were, there is the fact staring me inthe
face that not a drop of blood runs in my
veins except what is derived from a Scottish
ancestry.” By way of hitting his curious
duality of disposition, an opponent once
described him as an ardent Halian in the
custody of a Scotsman. Mr. Morley thinks
that if is casy to make too much of race,
but he adds: “When we are poszled by
Mr. Gladstone's seeming contrarieties of
temperament, his union of impulse with
caution, of passion with circumspection,
of pride and fire with self-control, of
Ossianic flight with a steady foothold on {
the solid earth, we may, perhaps. find a
sort of explanation in thinking of him as a |
Highlander in the custody of a Lowlander,” |
To understand Gladstone it is important
to bear in mind not only that he was a Scots-
man, but also that he was brought up in
a household of strong Tory predilection,
“TL was bred,” said Mr Gladstone, when
to meridian splendor, “under the
of the great name ot Canning;
every influence connected with that name
governed the polities of my childhood and
of my vouth; with Canning I rejoiced in
the removal of religious disabilities and
in the character which he gave to our polley
abroad; with Canning | rejoiced in the open-
ing which he made toward the establish-
ment of free commercial interchanges be-
tween nations; with Canning, and under the
shadow of the vet more venerable name
of Burke, my youthful mind and imagina-
tion were impressed.” By the authority of
the same names, Mr. Gladstone might have
consoled himself for the fact that when a
young member of the House of Commons
he had opposed the emancipation of slaves
in the British colonies. It is certain that
on slavery and even the slave trade Burke
had argued against total abolition. Canning
in 1823 laid down the principle that ameliora-
tion of the lot of the negro slave was the
utmost limit of action, and that his freedom,
as a result of amelioration, was the object
of a pious hope, and no more. Canning de-
scribed the negro asa being with the form of
a man and the intellect of a child, He goes
on to use words that express the convictions
of many Americans who have marked the
results of the indiscriminate bestowal of the
franchise on the negro by the framers of
our Reconstruction legislation. “To turn
him loose,” said Canning, “in the manhood
of his physical strength, in the maturity of
hin physical passions, but in the infancy of
his uninstructecd reason, would be to raise
up acreature resem} ling the splendid fiction
of a recent romance [Frankenstein], the
hero of which constructsa human form with
all the corporal capabilities of a man, but,
being unable to impart to the work of his |
hands a perception of right and wrong, he |
finds too late that he has only created a more |
than mortal power of doing tischief.”
Like Canning, Gladstone was sent to
Eton. He entered the school in his twelfth
year and left it at the age of eighteen. His
attachment for Eton grew with the lapse of
years—to him it was ever “the queen of all
schools.” “When I was at Eton,” he said
long afterward, “we knew very little indeed,
but knew it accurately.” In mathe-
matics he did not go far, but his subse-
quent eareer at the university shows that
he must have been well grounded in algebra
and geometry as well as in the classics.
Probably, as his biographer suggests, it was
less by school work, or spoken addresses in
juvenile debate, or by early attempts in the
difficult art of written composition, than by
blithe and congenial comradeship, that at
Eton the mind of the young Gladstone was
stimulated, opened and strengthened.
Again, like Canning, Gladstone proceeded
from tonto Christ Church College, Oxford,
which at that time was at the top of its
academic fame. Christ Church was then
almost as conspicuous in the class lists
as Balliol College was toheafterward. For
a year and a half the young man took his
college course pretty easily, but in 1830
his really hard work began, and, ultimately,
like Sir Robert Peel, he took a “double
first,” that is to say, a first class in classics
and also in mathematics. He twice com-
peted unsuccessfully for the Ireland scholar-
ship, conferred for especial proficiency
in Greek, and tried, but failed, to secure
the Newdigate prize for a poem. It is
well known that he was active in the de-
bates in the Union Debating Society, and
in May, 1831, made a speech there against
Parliamentary reform that struck all his
hearers with amazement, so powerful and
splendid did it seem in their youthful eyes.
‘Two generations after he had quitted
the university, Mr. Gladstone surmnmed up
her influence upon him in the following
words: “Oxford had rather tended to hide
from me the great fact that liberty is a
great and precious gift of God, and that
human excellence cannot grow up ina na-
tion without it. Yet [do not hesitate to say
that Oxford even at this time had laid the |

rise

shadow

we

fu no ea

foundations of my liberalism; school pur-
suits had revealed little, but in the region
of philosophy she had initiated, if not in-
ured me to the pursuit of truth as an end
of study. * * I declare that, while
in the arms of Oxford, | was possessed
through and through with a single-minded
and passionate love of truth, with a virgin
love of truth, so that, although T might
be swathed in clouds of prejudice, there
was something of an eye within that might
gradually pierce them.”

 

It was the memorable anti-reform speech
at the Oxford Union that caused the Duke
of Newcastle to inform Gladstone, then
not 23 vears old, that his influence in the
borough of Newark was at the young man’s |
disposal, should he desire to enter Parlia- |
mentary life. The Duke also offered a |
handsome contribution toward expenses,
yet asked for no pledges from his protégé.
Aftera brief correspondence with his father,
Gladstone issued an address to the electors
of Newark in August, 1832, and, after a hot |
contest, was returned in December of that
year. It appears that his election expenses
exceeded £2,000. He never forgot his dis-
gust at what he deemed the improper use |
of money on this occasion, and of all the |
measures that he was destined iniater days |
to place upon the statute book, none was
more salutary than the law levelled at
corrupt practices at elections. He took
his seat at the opening of the Reformed
House of Commons in 1833, and almost
simultaneously entered at Lincoln's Inn,
where be dined in hall pretty frequently,
down to 1889. He kept thirteen terms, but
was never called to*the bar,

Mr. Gladstone first opened his lips in
Parliament on April 30, 1883, when a petition
from Newark was presented, and on June 3
he spoke at considerable length ageinst
the Goverment's proposals for the gradual
abolition of colonial slavery. The speech
was uncommonly successful. The bill had
been introduced by Stanley, afterward
Lord Derby, the “Rupert of debate,” who
said of the young man who had attacked

him, “I never listened to any speech with
greater pleasure.” King William TV. also
wrote to Althorp that he “rejoiced to hear
that a young member had come forward
in so promising a manner as Viscount
Althorp states Mr. W. FE. Gladstone to have
done.” Tt is, of course, well understood
} that young Gladstone entered Parliament.

‘another motion for the abelition «

   

asa Tory of the Tories. In 1833, not only
did he oppose the abolition of slavery,
but he voted for the worst clauses of the
Trish Coercion bill of that year, and fought
ageinst the admission of Jews to Parlia-
ment. He also resisted the edmission of
Dissenters to the Universities, which he
described ae seminaries for the Established
Church. He supported the existing corn
jaws, He opposed e motion for the abo-

en a

J sadotno
SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25

of Peel and the break-up of the Tory party

When Lord John Russell

the complications which followed the fall |
in Julv, 1846.

| was forming his Government, he saw Peel

lition ef rniitary ana naval sinecures and |

f flogging

in the army, exeept for mutiny anddrank- |

enness He voted against the ballot, a re-
form that was to be carried by his own
Government forty vears later

Gladstone was not quite 25 years old
when, in December, 1884, Sir Robert Peel,

| having been invited to forma Government,

made him one of the Lords of the Treas-
ury. This appointment was noted at the
time as an innovation upon a semi-sacred

, social usage. Sir Robert Inglis said to him,

“You are abour the youngest lord who was
ever placed at the Treasury on his own
account, and not because he was his father’s
son." Within about a month he was pro-
moted to be Under-Secretary for the Colo-
nies, Lord Aberdeen being at the head of
the Colonial Office. Mr. Gladatone's first
glimpse of official power and responsibility
was but momentary, for in April, 1835,
Sir Robert Peel resigned. Of: his Parlia-
mentary career during the following six
years two incidents deserve commemore-
tion. In 1837 Sir William Molesworth had
been invited to come forward as candidate
for Leeds. A report spread that Sir Wil-
liam was not a believer in the Christian
articles of faith. Somebody wrote to Moles-
worth to know if this were true. He an-
swered that the question whether he was
a believer in the Christian religion was one
that no man ef liberal principles should
propose to another, or could propose with-
out being guilty of a dereliction of duty.
Touching this incident Mr. Gladstone said
that he would ask: “Ts it not a tirne for seri-
ous reflection among moderate and candid
men of all parties, when such a question
was aciually thought impertinent inter-
ference? Surely they would say with him
that men who have no belief in the divine
revelation are not the men to govern this
nation, be they Whigs or Radicals.” The
biographer’s comment on the young man’s
exhibition of intolerance is: “Long, extra-
ordinary, and not inglorious, was the
ascent from such a position as this to the
principles so nobly vindicated in the speech
on the Affirmation bill in 1883.”

In the Ministry formed by Sir Robert
Peel in August, 1841, Mr.. Gladstone was
invited to take the post of Vice-President
of the Peard of Trade. About two and a
half years previously he had brought out

| the book on “Church and State,” which

caused Macaulay to deseribe him in the
Edinburgh Review as the rising hope of the
aterm and unhending Tories. Lockhart
said of him that, though a hazy writes,
Gladstone had shown himself a considerable
divine, ard it was a pity that he had entered
Parliament, instead of taking orders. Sir
Robert Peel aeked impatiently why any-
body with so fine a career before him should
go ont of his way to write books The
work made no «onverts in theory, and
was pretty promptly cast aside in practice.
The fourth edition fell flat

In after years Mr. Gladstone said of his
qualifications for the office of Vice-Presi-
dent of the Board of Trade: “I was totally
ignorant, both of politicai economy and
of the commerce of the couniry. I might
have said, as I believe was said by a former
holder of the vice-presidercy, that my
mind was, in regard to ali those matters,
‘a sheet of white paper,’ except that it was
doubtless colored by a traditional preju-
dice in favor of protection, which had then
quite recently become a distinctive mark
of conservatism.” Gladstone's aseiinption
of the post, however, was followed by
hard, steady and honest work, and as he
hinaself said afterward, “every day so spent
beat like a battering ram on the unsure
fabric of my official protectionism. By
the end of the year I was far gone in the
opposite sense.”

It was largely upon Mr. Gladstone that
the burden of framing and passing the
tariff of 1942 fell~ he spoke 129 times during
the session--and it was evident that his ad-
mission to the Cabinet could not be long
deferred. In the spring of the following
year he was promoted from the vice-pres!-
dency to the presidency of the Board of
Trade, and a seat in the Cabinet was given
him. He was not yet 34 years old, and
had been only a little more than a decade
in Parliamentary life. Canning was 37
before he gained the same eminence, and
had been thirteen vears in the House. It
is well known that in February, 1845, Mr.
Gladstone resigned from the Peel Cabinet
because he did not approve of the Premier's
plan to increase the grant of public money
to the Maynooth Seminary for the training
ef Catholic priests

The popular verdict on his resignation
was that the act was a piece of political
prudery. A journalistic wag observed
that “a lady's footman jurnped off the
Great Western train, going forty miles
an hour, merely to pick up his hat. Pretty
much like this act, so disproportional to
the occasion, is Mr. Gladstone's leap out
of the Ministry to follow his book”, becatise
the principles advocated in “Chureh and
State” were irreconcilable with the pro-
posed grant to Maynooth Seminary. In
December, 1845, however, Mr. Gladstone
reentered the Peel Cabinet as Secretary
for the Colonies. Of course, theacceptance
of office vacated his seat at Newark, and
Mr. Gladstone declined to offer himseif
again as a candidate for that borough,
having alienated the Duke of Newcastle
by his desertion—the Duke called it be-
trayalof the Protectionist cause. After
trying in vain to get a seat elsewhere, Mr
Gladstone remained from December, 1845,
until the resignation of the Peel Govern-
ment in July, 1846, 4 Minister of the Crown,
wilhout a seat in Parliament. In our own
day such a state of things would be looked
upon as a public inconvenience and a po-
litical anomaly too giaring to be tolerated
We searcely need point out that Mr. Glad-
stone, not being at the time a member
of the House of Commons, took no part in

} the historic debates on the repeal of the

Corn laws in 18946

It will be remembered that, after the
Corn laws had heen repealed, Sir Robert
Peel was beaten on an Irish coercion bill
by what Wellington called a “blackguard
combination” between the Whigs and the
Protectionists. He resigned, and Lord
John Russell, at the head of the Whigs,
came in. Mr. Gladatone was without a
seat in Parliament unti! the dissolution
in June, 1847, when he was returned for
the University of Oxford, and continued
to represent that constituency for eighteen
years. It is curious to find him in 1847
supported by Dr. Pusey on the one hand,
and by Arthur Stanley and Jowett on the
other. The men of the old school, who
looked on Oxford as the ancient and peev)-
iar inheritance of the Church, were zealous
for him; the new school, who deemed the
university an organ, not of the Chureh,
but of the nation, eagerly took him for
their champion

it.
The firat of Mr. Morley'’s three volumes
ia divided into four books, In the third
chapter of the third book, he discusses

and proposed to include several members
of the latter's party. Peel thought such
a jinetion under existing circumstances |
unadvisable, but said he should have no)
ground of complaint if Lord John made
offers to any of his friends; and he should
hot attempt to influence them either way.
The action ended in a proposal of office
to Dalhousie, Lincoln and Sidney Herbert.
Nothing came of it, and the Whigs were
left to go on as best they could upon the
narrow base of their own'party. The Pro-

' tectionists, however, gave them to under-

stand that, before Lord George Bentinck,
Disraeli and their friends had made up
their minds to turn Peel out, they had
decided that it would not be fair to put
the Whigs in merely to punish the betrayer
and then to turn round upon them. On
the contrary, fair and candid support
was, they said, what they intended. So
it came to pass that, whereas Sir Robert
Peel's Conservative Government had car-
ried Liberal measures, Lord John Russell's
Liberal Government now subsisted on
Conservative declarations.

The Peelites, according to a memoran-
dum of Mr. Gladstone's, from a number
approaching 130 in the Corn laws crisis
of 1846 were reduced at once by the general
election of 1847 to leas than half. The
resultant number, added to the Liberal
force, gave free trade a large majority;
added to the Protectionists, it would have
just turned the balance in their favor. So
long as Sir Robert Peel lived—he died July
2, 1850—the entire body of Peelites never
voted with the Protectionists. From the first,
however, a division arose among Peel's ad-
herents that widened as time went on, and
led to a long series of doubts, perplezities
and manq@uvres that lasted down to 1859,
and constitute a pivotal chapter in Mr.
Gladstone's political story. Many of those
who had stood by Peel's side in the day of
battle, and who still stood by him on the
morrow, when victorious policy was con-
joined with personal defeat, were in more
or less latent sympathy with the several
Protectionists in everything except protec-
tion. Among these were such men as Lord
Stanhope, Lord Harding, (en. Peel, Mr.
Corry and Mr. Wilson Patten, most of whom,
in days to come, took their places in Con-
servative Administrations. Others, again,
of the Peelites, Mr. Gladstone has himself
recorded, “whose opinions were more akin
to those of the Liberals cherished, neverthe-
less, personal sympathies and lingering
wishes, which made them tardy, perhaps
unduly tardy, in drawing toward that party.
I think that this descripiton applied in some
degree to Mr. Sidney Herbert, and in the
same, or a greater degree, to myself.”

The first Tory Government formed after
the death of Sir Robert Peel, the Govern-
ment formed by Lord Derby and Disraeli
in 1852, was short lived, Mr. Gladstone, with
some thirty other Peelites, cooperating in
its defeat. It was succeeded by a coalition
Government, tothe support of which the
Whigs and Radicals contributed 270 votes
in the House of Commons, the so-called
Irish brigade 30 and the Peelites about 30.
Notwithstanding the insignificance of their
voting strength, the Peelites were repre-
sented in the Cabinet by the Premier, Lord
Aberdeen; by Mr. Gladstone, Chancellor
of the Exchequer, and by four other Min-
isters. Of the important offices out of
the Cabinet, the thirty Peelites got more
than did the 270 Whigs and Radicals. It
ia well known that this Cabinet waa wrecked,
owing to the popular dissatisfaction at
the conduct of the Crimean War. Mr. |
Gtadetone, however, added signally to his
reputation by the far-reaching and com-
prehensive character of the earliest of his
thirteen budgets. The simplification of the
tariff, begun by Peel eleven years before,
was carried forward almost to cornpletion,
nearly 140 duties being extinguished, and
nearly 150 being lowered. It is interesting
to recall that Mr. Gladstone in 1853 hoped
that, at the end of seven years, Parliament
would be able to dispense with the income
tax. He remained for more than twenty

years opposed to the retention of the in-
come tax as a portion of the permanent
and ordinary revenue of the country.

The Aberdeen Ministry was beaten on
Jan. 29, 1855, by the overwhelming vote of

 

 

'

325 to 146, The Queen sent for Lord Derby,
who would have undertaken to form a Goy-
ernment could he have secured the support
of Lord Palmerston, Mr. Gladstone ard
Sidney Herbert. An extract from his diary
shows that Mr. Gladstone was at this time
inclined to rejoin the Conservatives, and
would have done so had Palmerston and
Herbert consented to enter the proposed
Cabinet, and had a seat also been offered
to Sir James Graham. “To a Derby Gov-
ernment,” wrote Gladstone many years
later, “now that the party had been drubbed
out of protection, I did not in principle
object; for old ties were with me more
operatively strong than new opinions.”
The negotiations came to nothing, how-
ever, because Lord Palmerston declined
to cooperate with the Tories, and Lord
Derby made no separate offer to the Peel-
ites. Not only Gladstone, but
thought that at this crisis Lord Derby
missed a promising opportunity of re-
consolidating the Tory party, and of gain-
ing the support of the country. Lord
Derby having failed to form a Govern-
ment, the Queen sent for Lord Lansdowne,
who would have undertaken to discharge
the commission if Mr. Gladstone had agreed
to retain the office of Chancellor of the
Exchequer. Mr. Gladstone refused,
ever afterward regretted the refusal

In an autobiographic note of 1897 he
recalls: “I said (to Lord Lansdowne] that
the working of the coalition [between
Peelites and Whigs] since its formation in
December, 1852, had been to me entirely
satisfactory, but I was not prepared to
cooperate in its continuation under any
other head than Lord Aberdeen. [| think
that, though perfectly satisfled to be in a
Peeljite Government which had Whigs or
Radicals in it, | was not ready to be in a
Whig Government which had Peelites in it.
It took a long time, with my slow moving
and tenacious character, for the Ethiopian
to change his skin.” The opinion ex-
pressed to Mr. Gladstone by Lord Aberdeen
at thetime was: “certainly the most natnral
thing under the circumstances, if it could
have been brought about in a satisfactory
form, ‘vould have been that we should
have joined Derby.” We seareely need
mention that the outeome of the crisis of
1855 was the advent of a Cabinet headed by
Lord Palmerston, in which at first) Mr.
Gladstone kept his former place of Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, but from which
he, Herbert and Graham quickly resigned
when theg found that the Premier intended
to sanction the proposed inquiry into the
conduct of the Crimean War, Of the
Peelite group, only the Duke of Argyll and
Canning remained in the Ministry, Mr
Gladstone overrated the importance of the
xecession of the Peelites He gave the
Palmerston Cabinet a twelvemonth of life
at most. As it) turned out, Palmerston
was, with one brief interruption, installed
for a daeca‘ie.

Mr. Gladstone now occupied for a time
a position: of political isolation. On the
one hand he had refused to return to his

Disraeli,

and

enh eh LOU ERG SH EW AM OB
Pipe le 7

t vacunio. wire aT

 
 

old comrades, the Conservatives, although
these had practically ceased to be pro-
tectioniata, but on the other hand he had
declined to east his lot irrevocably with
the Whigs. In the spring of 1856 Lord
Derby repeated the overtures to him that
had been made in 1851 and 1855. Mr. Glad-
stone consulted with his Peelite friends,
Lord Aberdeen, Graham, Herbert and Card-
well. Graham went straight to the point.
He observed that the question of vital
consequence was, Who should lead the
House of Commons? A Tory Government,
he thought, should delegate that function
to Gladstone and not to Disraeli. In a
memorandum of the conference made on
April 17, 1856, Mr. Gladstone recorded:
“I had said, and repeated, that I thought
we could not bargain Disraeli out of the
saddle; that it must rest with him (so far
as we |the Peeliies| were concerned) to
hold the lead if he pleased; that, besides
my looking to it with doubt and dread,
I felt he had this right, and that I took it
as one of the data in the case before us,
in which we might have to consider the
question of political junction, and which
might be seriously affected by it.” Of
these approaches in the spring of 1856 noth-
ing came.

In 1857 Mr. Gladstone sided with the Con-
servatives on two important occasions.
He attacked the budget presented by Corne-
wall Lewis, Chancellor of the Exchequer
inahe Palmerston Government, and he sup-
ported Cobden's motion to censure the Pal-
merston Government for forcing a war on
the Chinese. The motion of censure was
carried, but the outcome of the ensuing
appeal to the constituencies was a triumph
for Palmerston. Mr. Gladstone's leaning
toward the Conservative party now seemed
to become more decided rather than less.
He could see nothing but evil in Palmer-
ston’s supremacy. He fought furiously
the divorce bill introduced by the Palmer-
ston Government in the summer of 1857
and managed to secure some modifications
of the measure. In February, 1858, he co-
operated with Bright and Milner Gibson in
their successful attack on the Conspiracy
to Murder bill (prompted by Orsini’s attempt
to assassinate Napoleon III.),that overthrew
Lord Palmerston. Lord Derby, who was
now called upon to form his second ad-
ministration, made one more attempt
to bring Mr. Gladstone back into the Con-
servative ranka. The decision taken by
him in response to this overture, and to
a second application made three months
later, marks one of the turning points
in Gladstone's career, Mr. Morley thinks
that Mr. Gladstone was influenced to a
certain extent in his rejection of the Con-
servative leader's proposal by a letter from
John Bright, who pointed out that “if you
join Lord Derby, you link your fortunes
with a constant minority and with a party
in the country which is every day lessening
in numbers and in power. If you remain
on our side of the House you are with
the majority, and no Government can be
formed without you.” At this time Mr.
Gladstone's political friends were uneasy
about him. He was approaching fifty,
and it locked as if he were destined to fall
between two stools. In the spring of 1858,
eyen friendly journalists wrote of him as
“the moet signal example that the present
time affords of the men of speculation mie-
placed and lost in the labyrinth of practical
politics.” They called him the chief orator
and the weakest man in the House of Com-
mons. In organs supposed to be inspired
by Disraeli the fate of Mr. Gladstone was
predicted with equal precision. In phrases
that sound as if they had dropped from
Disraeli'’s lips the public was told that
“cerebral natures, men of mere intellect
without moral passion, are quite unsuited
for governing mankind.”

Another Tory writer called him “A Simeon
Stylites among the stateamen of his time.”
Nevertheless, when in May, 1858, Lord Ellen-
borough resigned the presidency of the
Board of Control in the Tory Cabinet, Lord
Derby pressed Mr. Gladstone to take that
post, or, should he prefer it, the Colonial
Office. After consuiting Lord Aberdeen
and Sir James Grabom Mr. Gladstone
declined the offer, in spite of a letter from
Mr, Disraeli (here reprinted) which reflects
much eredit on its writer, and which assured
Mr. Gladstone that, whatever office he might
consent to fill in a Tory Cabinet, bia “shin-
ing qualities would always render him
supreme.” In October, 1858, Mr. Gladetone
accepted from Bulwer Lytton, Secretary fer
the Colonies in Lord Derby's Cabinet, the
appoint ment of commissioner for the Ionian
Island. This although the Peelite friends
whose advice he sought were, with one
exception, more or less unconditionally
adverse to hia acceptance of the commis-
sionership. The immediate outcome of
the observations made by him at first hand
was that it would be nothing less than a
crime against the safety of Europe if Eng-
land were to surrender the protectorate over
the Ionian Islands. ‘That was what he said
in 1850. In 1862, however, he changed his
mind and declared that “without a good
head for Greece, | should not like to nee
the Ionian protectorate surrendered; with
it, I should be well pleased, for one, to be
responsible for giving it up " It will he
remembered that in 1863 Lord Palmerston,
who in 1850 had said that it would be great
folly to surrender Corfu, handed all the
Jonian islancersover to their kinsfolk if kins-
folk they truly were, upon the Greek main-
land

iv.

In the division of June 11, 1859, which
resulted in the defeat of the Derby Govern-
ment, Mr. Gladstone voted with the Con-
servatives, Nevertheless, in the Cabinet
formed a few days later by Lord Palmerston,
he accepted the office of Chancellor of the
Exchequer. he appointment and the
acceptance of it occasioned a good deal
of remark, The advanced Liberals were
disgusted: They said: “This man has done
all he could on behalf of Lord Derby. Why
is he here to keep out one of us?” Even
some of Mr. Gladstone's private friends
wondered how he could bring himself to
join a minister of whom he had for three or
four years used such unsparing language
as had been common on hia lips about Lord
Palmerston. The man in the street was
puzzled by a vote in favor of keeping a
Tory Government in, followed by a junetion
with the men who had thrown that Govern-
ment out. The explanation of his course
which Mr. Gladstone gave in 1864 ran as
follows: “When [ took my present office in
1950 [T had several negative and several
positive reasons for accepting it) Of the
first, there were these

“There had been differences and collisions,
but there were no resentments, I felt my-
self to be in an isolated position, outside
the regular party organizations of Parlia-
ment. And IT was aware of no differences
of opinion or tendency likely to disturb
the new Government. Then, on the posi-
tive side, [ felt sure that in finance there
was much useful work to be done. | was
desirous of cooperating in settling the
question of the franchise, and failed to
anticipate the disaster (hat it was to under-
go. My friends were enlisted, or IT knew
would enlist; Sir James Graham, indeed,
declining office, but taking his position
in the party. And the overwhelming
interest and weight of the Italian question,
and of our foreign policy tn connection with
it, joined to my entire distrust of the former

eae aan EnENEESSSINSnEnSEnEEnspeeneeeeneene
ee
———$
re |]

 

Government in relationto it, led me to de-
cide without one moment's hesitation.”

The acceptance of office under Lord
Palmerston is commonly regarded as a
chief landmark in Gladstone's protracted
journey from Toryism to Liberalism.
Mr. Morley does not deny the enormous
significance of the party wrench, but he
holds that it was not a conversion. Palmers-
ton was so much of a Derbyite Tory that
his Government owed its long spelk of
power to the countenance of Derby and
his men. To joln the Palmerston Admin-
istration, therefore, marked for the new
Chancellor of the Exchequer a party sever-
ance but nochange of principles. His present
biographer would say that at this time
Mr. Gladstone was in his politics a Liberal
reformer of Turgot’s type, a born lover
of good government, of just, practical laws,
of wise improvement, of public business
well handled, of a State that should emanci-
pate and serve the individual. On the
other hand,-the necessity of summoning
a new driving force and amending the
machinery of the Constitution had not
yet diacloaed itself to him. Meanwhile,
he may well have thought that he saw
as good a chance of doing as important
work with Palmerston as with Disraeli;
indeed, a far better chance, for the election
just concluded had shown that a Derby
Government could exist only on suffer-
ance.

Mr. Gladstone remained Chancellor of
the Exchequer from 1859 until the Liberal
Government resigned in June, 1866. He
was not the leader of the party in the House
of Commons, however, until after Lord
Palmerston’s death, in October, 1865. Up
to that time, of course, Palmerston was
the leader, and his first lieutenant was
Sir George Grey. When Earl Russell suc-
ceeded Palmerston as head of the Liberal
Administration he requested Mr. Glad-
stone to lead the Ministerial forces in the
lower house, and then it was that the
Chancellor of the Exchequer came to be
definitely recognized by British Liberals
as their rising atar. He could not save
his party from defeat, however, in June,
1866, for certain features of its Reform
bill gave offence to a section of the Liberals,
the so called Adullamites, who, headed by
Robert Lowe, seceded from their party
and helped the Tories to overthrow Earl
Ruseell’s Government. It was Mr. Glad-
stone who, as leader of the Opposition,
confronted Mr. Disraeli during the next
two eventful years, and it was he who in
June, 1868, after Mr. Disraeli, through Lord
Derby’s resignation, had become Prime
Minister, forced him to dissolve Parlia-
ment by carrying a resolution to the effect
that the Anglican Church in Ireland should
cease to exist as an “establishment.” At
the ensuing general election, in November,
1868, the Liberals gained a tremendous
victory, and on Dec. 1 Mr. Gladstone was
invited to form a Cabinet. With his ac-
cession to his first Premierehip the first
thirty-five years of his public life came
toanend. The greatest work of his career
belongs to the next quarter of a century,
during half of which period he was to be
Prime Minister. The memorable events
which belong to that culminating epoch
of his life must be reserved for notice on
another occasion. It will be convenient
at this point to pause and mark Mr. Glad-
stone’s relation to the Italian Revolution
and to the American civil war.

Vv.

We find no record in this biography of
any fervent expression of sympathy on Mr.
Gladstone's part with the revolutionists of
1848 in France, Germany, Hungary and
Italy. It is true that in July, 1851, he pub-
lished some memorable letters denouncing
the iniquitous treatment of political of-
fenders by the Neapolitan Government.
Not then, however, nor for some years to
come, did Mr. Gladstone grasp the idea of
Italian unity. “You need not be afraid,
I think,” he told Lord Aberdeen on Dec. 1,
1851, “of Mazzinism from me, still lesa of
Kossuthism, which means the other plus
imposture, Lord Palmerston and his nation-
alities.” In 1859, however, Mr. Gladstone
stood forth as a convinced and enthusiastic
advocate of the doctrine of nationalities.
On no statesman of his time did that doc-
trine gain a more commanding hold.
Throughout the series of transactions that
followed the peace of Villafranca, transac-
tions that transformed the Kingdom of
Sardinia into the Kingdom of Italy, Mr.
Gladstone’s sympathies never wavered.
As early as April 18, 1859, while Europe
was anxiously watching the prospects of
war between France and Austria, Mr. Glad-
stone declared in Parliament his firm con-
vietion that no plan of peace could be dura-
ble which failed to effect some mitigation
of the sore evils afflicting the Italian penin-
sula. He was exasperated at the unex-
pected preliminaries of Villafranca. *f
little thought,” he wrote in July, 1859, “to
have lived to see the day when the conclu-
sion of a peace should in my own mind cause
disgust rather than impart relief. But
that day has come. I appreciate all the
difficulties of the position, both of the King
of Sardinia and of Count Cavour. It is
hardly possible for me to pass a judgment
upon his (Cavour's) resignation asa political
step; but I think few will doubt that the
moral character of the act is high. The
duties of England in respect to the Italian
question are limited by her powers, and
these are greatly confined. But her senti-
ments cannot change, because they are
founded upon a regard to the deepest among
those principles which regulate the inter-
course of men and their formation into
political societies.” He heartily concurred
in the views set forth in the famous de-
spatch penned on Oct. 27, 1860, by Lord
John Russell.

It will be remembered that Sicily and
the Neapolitan mainland had just been
liberated by Garibaldi. Lord John Russell
said in his despatch; “The Governments
of the Pope and the King of the two Sici-
lies had provided so ill for the welfare of
their people that their subjects
to their overthrow as a necessity prelimi-
nary to any improvement, * * * Did
the people of Naples and the Roman States
take up arms against their Government for
good reasons? Upon this grave matter
her Majesty's Government hold that the
people in question are themselves the best
judges of their own affeirk. Her Majesty's
Government do not feel justified in declar-
ing thal the people of southern Ltaly had
not good reasons for throwing off thei:
allegiance to their former Government
Her Majesty's Government, therefore, could
not pretend to blame the King of Sardinia
for assisting them.” The words may seem
pale and coiorless 48 we read ther, sew,
but taey spread in Italy like flame. Copies
(fatranslation of them were passed from
hand to hand. People wept them
for joy and gratitude

When Garibaldi visited London in the
spring of 1864 he dined with Mr. Gladstone,
and they met elsewhere, The biographer
savs that Mr Gladstone once described
the Italian chief to him as“one of the finest
combinations of profound and unalteralle
simplicity with  self-consciousness and
self-poasession, T shall never forget ay
oceaston at Chiswiek: Palmerston, Jolin
Russell and all the leaders were awaitiny
him on the perron; he advanced with per
fect simplicity and naturalness, yet with
perfect consciousness of his position; very
striking and very fine” Some twenty

 

looked

over

    

|

 

| had made a nation; that is to say

‘establishment of a

: saw Garibaldi for the fret tine

Hote MeE tte erate

 

years after the Italian patriot’s visit +
London Mr. Gladstone said: “We whe
can
many of us never forget the marvellous
effect produced upon all minds by the
simple nobility of his demeanor |),

manners and his acts. Besides his «pio dad
integrity and his wide and universal sym,
thies, besides that seductive Simpler y
of manner which never departed fy...
him, and that inborn and native Praca
which seemed to attend all his actlons I
would almost select from every othe: 1 tality
this, which was in apparent contrast by:
real harmony in Garibaldi— the nj.» f
the most profound and tender vsnanit
with his fiery valor.” ,

On the whole, it was in 1862 tha: Mr
Gladstone must be held to have made
his greatest speech on Italian affairs "!
am ashamed to say,” he told the House
“that, for along time I, like many, with
held my assent and approval from taj.
ian yearnings.” He proceeded to atone
amply for his tardiness. His exposure of
Naples, where perjury had been the tra.
dition of its kings; of the government of
the Pope in the Romagna, where the com.
mon administration of law and justice
had been handed over to Austrian soldiery;
of the stupid and execrabla lawleasness
of the Duke of Modena; of the attitude of
Austria as a dominant and con ering
nation overa subject and conquered race=
all this stamped a decisive impression on
the minds of his hearers’ Mr. Morley
thinks that, along with his speech on reform
in 1864, and that on the Irish Church in the
spring of 1865, it secured Mr. Gladstone's
hold upon all of the rising generation of
Liberals who cared for the influence and
the good name of Great Britain in Europa
and who were capable of sympathizi
with popular feeling and the claima of
national justice.

wie

 

VIL

It seems strange to us now that an Eng-
lish statesman who in 1850 could respond
80 quickly and so fervently to the appealt
of the Italians, should have been unable
in 1861-65 to find in his heart any sym-
pathy for the cause of the Union, during
our civil war. It is well known that on
Oct. 7, 1862,at a banquet in the Town Hall
of Newcastle, Mr. Gladstone, being then
Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Palmers-
ton Government, let fall a sentence about
the American civil war of which he was
destined never to hear the last: “We know
quite well that the people of the Northern
States have not yet drunk of the eup—
they are still trying to hold it far from their
lips--which all the rest of the world see
they nevertheless must drink of. Wemayv
have our own opinions about slavery; wa
may be for or against the South; but there
ia no doubt that Jefferson Davis and other
leaders of the South have made an army;
they are making, it appears, a navy; and
they have made, what is more than either—
they have made a nation.” The sensa-
tion which these words produced waa,
naturally, immediate and profound. Al!
the world took so pointed an utterance
to mean that the British Government wera
about to recognize the independence of
the South. Mr. Charles Francis Adama,
then our Minister in London, wrote on the
following day in his diary: “If Gladstone
be any exponent at all of the views of the
Cabinet, then is my term likely to be very
short. The animus, as it respects Mr.
Davis and the recognition of the rebel]
cause, is very apparent.”

There is no doubt that Mr. Gladstone
went further than the Premier, Lord
Palmerston, or the Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, Lord John Russell, had authorized
him to go. Lord John Russell wrote: “You
must allow me to say that I think you went
beyond the latitude which all speakers must
be allowed when you said that Jeff Davie
had made a nation. Recognition would
seem to follow, and for that step I think
the Cabinet is not prepared.” A week
after the deliverance at Newcastle, Sir (i,
Cornewal! Lewis, apparently at Lord
Palmerston's request, put things righ
in a speech at Hereford. The Southern
States, he said, had not de facto established
their independence and were not entitled
to recognition on any accented principles
of public Jaw. From other data, which
Mr. Morley very properly considers it his
duty to set forth, it is evident that as la'e
as November of the year just named, Mr
Gladstone personally desired an interpo-
sition on the part of England, France and
Russia bet ween the South and the North

About two years before his death Mr.
Gladstone himself put on record in a frag-
mentary note his own estimate of an error
that, in view of his official position, might
have had lamentable consequences I
have yet to record,” he wrote in July, 1894,
“an undoubted error, the most singul@r
and palpable -I may add, the least excts-
able of them all, especially since if was
committed so late as the vear 1862,
I had outlived half a century
autumn of that year, end in a speech des
livered after a public dinner at Newens! ?-
on-Tyne, 1 declared in the heat of
American struggle that Jefferson Davis
tnat

 

when
Tn the

a

 

division of the American Republic by 1)
Southern or Secession
State was an accomplished fact Mr.
Gladstone went on to admit that, not

was this a misjudgment of the case |
even if it had been otherwise, he was !
the person to make the declaration. ~ That
my opinion was founded upon a false estie
mate of the facta was the very least part

my fault. Idid not perceive the gross
impropriety of such an utterance fron a
Cabinet Minister of a Power allied in bien!
and language and bound to loyal

trality, the case being further exaggers”!
by the fact that we were already, = '0
speak, under indictment before the word
for not (as was alleged) having
enforced the laws of neutrality inthe mal’!
of the cruisers. My offence war eed,
only a mistake, but one of ineredibl: 4°
nese, and with such consequences of of
and alarm attached to it that my tao"!
perceive them justly exposed me
severe blame.” There is no dont!"
(Giladstone’s compunction war since!
it isequally certain that the America) |
forgave him. It was made know:
long before his death by proofs
able and indisputable that in he ot
of the world, not even in Ttaly
the Balkan peninsula, was hie
in bigher honor than in was in!"
States i

r

 

Left-Handed Vituperit:
From the London fia ,
of the gravest objections t

 

chid
One

to be

niet natned

eft handed ts the
from t por "a
' Mos

ane earl ars oft

y have thelr jdlar

left handedness, and
unfortunate left nied ehd
the tern . eh handed
equivalent toa
in Yorkshire, ¢ oe
sion dathig tive to
tury In wrt re ate

handed, cot anded of

the Teesida dist! dds handed

and tn

fedness are also foune
han

ended

 
 

acy and jevonshire ¢

land we tind gawk hande
handed notre

owe

In Seo
awr and oan lef
called a kitl ot mar aA
Healy Used thls word In a speec

in which he said that Mr. O'Ke

pis left hand, and had already giver
kithog ues’ would u
+ during the contest

ae pe

that

 

Pea