oy ON ee te

ee Se ee eee eee eae ie en

Sy Ae eg

ee ee ea

i>

ee SO ee Se eh

i

we

 

 

ih

THE LOSS OF GOLD.

Practically None of the Ancient Metal tn
the Present Gold Stock of the World.

We see men every day applying gold
leaf to signs and shop windows. Many
thousands of dollars’ worth of gold is
this used in this city every year. Gold
leaf makes the most attractive business
sigis that have yet been invented, But
in all our busy thoroughfares, even in Broad- |
way, sherever the shopkeeper, the finan-
cler, the manufacturer or the professional
min advertises his name and utility, we
may find these gilt signs in every stage of
dilipidation. The storms and winds are |
pliving havoe with the gold and eventu- }
ally every dollar of it will be lost. |

is is one of the ways in which millions |
wo aovars of gold have been lost as surely |
as though the metal had been sunk in mid-
Tt is a phase of the disappearance
of gold that has been going on since the
days before history was written; for the
art of gold beating is referred to by Homer,
and Pliny tells of an ounce of gold extended
to 750 leaves, each four fingers square,
which is three times the thickness of the
ordinary gold leaf of the present day.

It seems a startling statement, but it is
true, that economists have held the bellef
that nearly all the gold of ancient times
has entirely disappeared; and yet there
fs good ground for the conclusion that
from the earliest times of which we have
record of the prevalence and use of gold
to the downfall of the Roman republic
the total quantity of gold utilized in one
form or another exceeded in volume the
present gold stock of the world. Ancient
history abounds with allusions to gold.
We read of the abundance of gold in King
Solomon's time, of the glories of the tem-
ple at Jerusalem, with its gold ornaments
and the gold utensils of the altar; gold is
frequently referred to in the Old Testa- |
ment, and the refining of gold and silver
by cupellation, the process of separating
the precious metals from lead ina cupelling
furnace, was a favorite illustration used
by Jewish poets. Beautiful ornaments
and vessels of gold brought to light by the
excavations of arch ologists show the per-
fection to which the art of gold working
was brought by Egyptian, Etruscan, Greek |
and many other ancient goldsmiths. But
these relics which adorn modern museums
and private collections are all we have
to show of the gold of ancient times.

What has been recovered in the past
centuries in the form of ancient gold manu-
factures is scarcely worth mentioning in
comparison with the great volume of gold
that was utilized in the early days. We
have proof that this is so and that

|
|
\
1

   

 

ocreal

quantity of ancient gold now available is
so inconsiderable that it may be regarded
as negligible. Since the discovery of the
Western world fairly accurate statisties of
the production of gold have been kept,
We know approximately the quantity of
gold that has been added to the supply
tor three centuries, and the present amount
of the gold stock of the world; and these
statistics show conclusively that ancient
gold is not represented in the modern
figures. Of course, a large amount of
modern gold has been lost, but this deficit
is a mere bagatelle in comparison with the
great volume of ancient gold which cannot
now be accounted for in any manner.

Unless the chronicles of the ancient
writers are largely unworthy of credence,
the total amount of gold that was utilized
throughout the known world in the days of
the Persian empire was not very far behind
the quantity of gold that is now in use.
But even though we may regard these
early statements as far in excees of the
truth, till there is no doubt whatever that |
the supply in that epoch was enormous.

It ts gone beyond recovery and various
influences have contributed to ite disap-
pearance. Gold is a soft metal and is pecu-
liarly liable to abrasion. In making our |
gold coin, we mix nine-tenths of fine gold
with one-tenth of alloy to retard abrasion.
But this wearing away of the metal is only
delayed, not prevented, by the efforts to save }
it. Gold is best preserved in the form of
utensils or art works, which are little |
handled, It is constantly wearing away \
when it is in the form of coin or of other }
manufactured articles which are much used

and manipulated.
The ancients mace gold leaf and gold

thread, as we do, and in such forms the loss
of the metal is accelerated. Soldiers tell
us that the very thin coating of gold which
gilds their epaulets is not enduring. Gold
used in manufactures is waated, in spite of
the almost infinite pains taken to preserve
the tiniest particle, All dentists, for exam-
ple, will tell us that as they clip with scissors
the bands and other forms of gold which
they shape in their laboratories they can-
not avoid losing a little of the metal.
Much of the gold turned into the works of
art, the form in which the metal is best
preserved, is in time melted again for other
utilities. Though Benvenuto Cellini was
the most celebrated goldsmith of the fif-
teenth century, only a few specimens of his
rarely beautiful work are now to be found
in museums or in private hands, The
vicissitudes of fortune compelled many
once wealthy families to part with these
works of art for the gold that was in them,
and they were melted by sordid persons

who wanted only the gold. ?
All the hundreds of influences which to-

day are depleting the gold supply were,
of course, operative in ancient times. Gold
was lost in the processes of manufacture;
it was reduced to dust and lost; it was lost
in deep waters, buried in tombs, and, in
troublous times, was hidden in the earth
and never recovered. It passed out of
human hands in many other ways. Not a
bit of it could be destroyed, but it was
Just as far beyond the reach of man, for the
lost gold was so widely and thinly dis-
tributed that it would never pay to hunt
for it. It is in fact believed that very little
of the vast amount of gold contributed
to the supply in the earliest days of gold
seeking in America is new available.

The forces of nature also are incessantly
trying to put gold beyond our reach. We
know that a large part of our present sup-
ply has been derived from placer mines. By
the action of water fine particles of gold are
being daily carried seaward. Much of it is
®attered through the sand and mud banks |
of the lower streams which are to make
the sandstones and slates of future geo-
logical eras; but much of it also is carried
Out to sea and scattered over the sea floor
beyond human reach, probably, for all
time; and an enormous amount of gold that |
{mpregnates the banks and valleys of the
streams is so very thinly distributed that
i takey all the way from 1,000 to 8,000 colors
(© make a cent, and 6 can never pay in
prac tical mjning.

As fara we yet know, however, the sup-
ply of gold retained in the rocks for us to
liberate and utilize is inexhaustible. New
discoveries, a8 remarkable as any that have
been made, will swell the gold resources;
@nd the history of some of these discoveries
will undoubtedly be as interesting and ro- |
Mantic a6 that of the discovery of the pre- |
cious metal at Helena, Mon,, which gave
that region ite importance as a great gold
mining centre, The story of this first “find”
in Montana illustrates the purely accidental
and fortuitous manner in which some of |
the most important discoveries have been
made

The story goes that « party of four pros-

 

 

pectors had started for a well known mining
camp. Qn July 15, 1864, they halted on the
site of the city of Helena to prepare dinner
and rest their horses. When they were
ready to resume their journey, one of them
happened to walk down to the stream to
get a drink of water. It chanced that he
began mechanically to scratch the gravel
with his hands, after the habit of prospec-
tors, when to his astonishment he drew out
a nugget as large as a gold dollar. A
hundred dollars’ worth of gold was taken
out in about twenty minutes. Of course,
the men at once settled on the spot and
located claims. In a short time news of
their success spread abroad, hundreds of
other miners flocked to the spot, and the
mining camp that was established grew
into the city of Helena.

 

AMUSEMENTS IN GERMANY.

 

Working Folks There Don’t Spend Much
on Mere Diversion.

From the London Timea.

Amusements play fa comparatively small
Part in the lives of German workpeople,
and such as they have are mostly confined
to Sunday. Games have not taken hold of
them; they go to no football or cricket matches,
although there are matches, and other classes
in Germany show a growing taste for games
and sports. I went to see a football match
between Duesseldorf and a neighboring manu-
facturing town. It took place on Sunday
afternoon. The day was fine and the ground
very handy to both towns.

A similar match anywhere in manufactur-
ing England would have attracted from
10,000 to 20,000 sons of toll, who would have
shouted themselves hoarse from beginning
to end. At the German match not one put
in an appearance. When I left the field,
toward the close of the game, the spectators,
who had slowly increased during the after-
noon, numbered exactly sixty-five. They
were not working men and they showed no
excitement whatever.

I noticed a curious difference in the be-
havior of spectators and players. In Eng-
land the former keep up an almost continual
noise, shouting at nearly every kick, and
bursting into a prodigious roar when a good
point is made. The players, on the contrary,
maintain an almost unbroken silence. It
was just the opposite in Germany. The
spectators only raised a feeble sound when
a goal was kicked, and for the rest were silent,
but the players called out incessantly, direct
ing, exhorting and reproaching each other.
They played the Association game, and not
very well,

The national game in Germany is kegel, a
kind of skittles, and it is played at publio
houses, but not by working men, or seldom
by them. They play cards sometimes, but
not a great deal.

Theatres and music halls count for more,
but for nothing like so much as in England
and in America. They are less numerous
in proportion to population, and are only
visited by the working classes to a limited
extent on Saturday and Sunday. Sunday
is the great day; there are always two per-
formances, in the afternoon and evening,
and sometimes one in the morning at 12
o'clock as well, The audiences are very large,
but consist chiefly of the bourgeois class,
The places most frequented by working men
are the small, cheap music halls.

The entertainment given at German musio
halls closely resembles the English “variety”
show, and often includes English performers;
The variety stage is indeed becoming nearly
as international as the opera. | have seen
some very wilty entertainments at these
places in Germany, and some rather offensively
gross. Some of the newer musio halls are
magnificent, far more spacious and com-
fortable than anything of the kind in England
or America. There is one at Duesseldorf
which seats some 4,000 people or more, and
does it handsomely, with tables, ample elbow
room, wide spaces everywhere for walking
and an excellent view of the etage from all
parts. The prices are moderate, from 6d.
up to 8s,

This is one sort of hall; the patronage of
the working classes would not keep it going
for a week. Another sort is a room of mod-
erate size, not resembling a theatre, but fitted
with a small stage; the entrance is a few
pence. Here the working men come on Sun-
day, but not in large numbers. Drink tis
always, and food generally, served in the
muate halls.

The theatres proper in industrial towns are
always run by the municipality. Every
large town has one and no more, but those of
middle size generally do not. For instance,
Muenchen-Gladbach with 60,000 inhabitants

has no regular theatre, and it may be taken
as a rule that towns below this size have
no place of entertainment at all. In Eng-
land little manufacturing towns of 20,000 or
30,000 inhabitants, such as Bilston in the
black country, or Fenton in the Potteries,
generally have a theatre, which is entirely
supported by the laboring classes. The
spectacle which may be seen night after
night in every industrial town of galleries
crammed with boys—in music halls smoking
cigarettes--is unknown in Germany. They
are brought up to do something better with
their money.

The municipal theatres have stock com-
ponies and very varied repertories; they
include serious opera of all nationatities,
coinic opera, Shakespeare, modern dramas,
comedies and lighter pieces, such as farces
and charming fairy tale pantomimes. No
piece is played twice running. A high aim
is maintained in the choice of works. A
new play of Hauptmann or Sudermano will
be mounted as soon as possible at every
municipal theatre in the country, Last
winter “Monna Vanna” was being played
twice a week or more in ever large town
1 visited, and Mine. Maeterlinck was touring
in most of them, The performances are
generally of fair merit.

A mathematician in Cologne recently
calculated the cost of the municipal theatre
there and found thut the town pays an aver-
age of 104d. to each apectator at every per-
formance,

The principal amusements of the Ger-
man working classes appear to be dancing,
sitting in the parks in summer and listening
to bands. The dancing is carried on in
public houses, generally at some popular
resort in the neighborhood of a town, and
tukes place on Sunday evening. I have
visited some of these dancing rooms and
have found a large hall connected with the
public house, in which a number of young
people were dancing while others sat at
tables and drank beer. Jt was ali highly
decorous and not in the least exolting,

 

How German Soldiers are Abused,
From the London Times.

The statistics of convictions for abuse of military
authority In the treatment of subordinates have
recently been exciting painful attention. Since
Jan, 1, 1003, there have been 150 convictions of
officers and non-commissioned oMcers for cruelty
to their men, and the sentences of imprisonment

| or incarceration in @ fortress which have been tm-

posed amount, when added together, to over fifty
years. Between the end of June and the end of
September there have been ho fewer than eighty
convictions of this kind, Involving sentences of
imprisonment the total terms of which amounted
to over twenty four years, to say nothing of con-
demnations Involving incarceration in a fortress,
degradation and other penalties, Eleven of these
elghty convictions were against officers, and as
their punishments varied between four months’
pnearceration tn @ fortress and seven days’ ordinary
arrest, it !s assumed that their offences were not
of such a heinous character as those of the non
commissioned officers. In one case, however,
an olticer was sentenced to two months’ tmprison
ment and was dismissed the service. The heaviest
sentence was that which was imposed upon the
non-commissioned officer Breldenbach, of the
Fourth Guarda Regiment, who was condemned
to elght years’ Imprisonment for a very large num
ber of aggravated crueities Infiicted upon the men
of his company.

‘The cases have been most numerous among the
infantry and artillery; there has only been one
case In the cavalry. By far the largest number
of cases were in the Prussian contingent, where
the penalties tnfileted amounted to @ total of over
twenty (bree years’ imprisonment, a8 against a
total of three months’ imprisonment in Havaria
and about five months in Saxony. jt must be
remembered, however, that the Prusslan contia-
gent pepresenta more than three fourths of the
whole giseagtb of the German army, a

POEMS WORTH READING.

An Expectant Correspondent.

She does not write. I wonder why?

‘The postman hastens bitndly by,

Nor heeds my fond, expectant eye;
His ways Incite me

What drought has dried her loving pen?

It cannot be that other men

Have—pshaw, I fear 1'm foolish whea
She does hot write me!

 

She does not write. Was \t her last
Wherein she calied her whole life passed
Before we met, “a vacant vast"?

That should requite me!
In dreams | dwell upon her amile,
Her witcheries that so beguile,
And all her winsomenesses, while

She does not write me.

She does not write, Has fortune dark,

Some unsuspected care or cark

Made her (alack-a-day!) \ts mark?
These thoughts affright me!

I'm sure tt cannot be a uft—

We never had a single miff.

I know I'm sadly silly if
She does not write mel

She does not write. I wish she would!
She's all that’s lovely, all that's good—
The very flower of maidenhood,

To most delight me.
What's this 1 hold?’ Why, twenty-three
Pagea that came last night to me.
Perhaps that is the reason she—

She does not write me!

CLINTON SCOLLARD.

 

The Adirondack Coon.

There's a hazy mist along the fence
That hugs the meadow knoll—

Great mamma! ain’t this thing Immense?
The cooney's left his hole.

There's a creeping something in the glow
Of moonlight--get your gun!

Now, Towser, Bowser, let her go!
Oh, coon, you're after fun.

There's a yelping, scratching by the oak
That looms up tall and dark;

Now, Mister Coon, this ain't no joke—
S-shh-ss! Jim, stand atill, and—hark!

Great day! another one is treed—
H!, Towser, don't be rough;

You drove him out of his corn feed—
Old boy, you are the stuff.

Jim, watch that oak, the cedar's mine;
H!, Bowser, you Just quit.
Bang, bang—two coons; say, this ts fine,
And fun-—you bet, that's !t.
Baked, stowed, It's nice, or roasted down
In pot it's out of sight,
With Irish spuds and jell to crown—
N’ yum-m! coon, you're my delight!
Hornscwg Sgrmour Ee.uer.

 

The Shorter Way.

I. Dobson, bent on justice, went
To Lawyer Fountainsteln,

And sald: “I want some law advice
About a case of mine. ”

The keen-eyed lawyer smiled and said:
“Please state your case to me,

But first (a mere formality),
A small retaining fee.”

So Dobson wrote his Ilttle oleck,
As neatly as you please;

“Weill, there's the hundred dollars, and
The facts are briefly these:

“A landlord wants to disposseas
A tenant from a store,

The three years’ lease has run, but he
Has verbal lease for more.”

“That's easy,” Fountainstein replied,
“We'll win without a doubt;

You swear there was no oral lease, --
We'll turn the rascal out.”

“Hold on,” cried Dobson, “that's not rizht,
You're too durnation quick;

The landlord is the other man,
‘Tis I would get the kick.”

“That's different,” sald Fountainstetu,
“And makes the matter tough,

But yet, we'll prove the @ral lease
If you swear hard enough.

“And should the lower court deotde
Against us, we will steal

A march upon that landlord man
By taking an appeal,

“and If he tries to dispossess,
The premises you'll keep,

For don't forget, my injured friend,
Injunctions are dirt cheap.

“Oh, don’t you fear; there's more in law
Than at first aight appears;

We'll take appeals and make delays
And keep the store for years.”

So Dobson, In the County Court,
Was beaten as forescen,

And Fountatnatein appealed It to
The court miscalled Supreme,

And then (but who knows when ‘twill be?)
He'll have a little sport;

Dobson will pay for an appeal
To the Appellate Court.

And In the years that are to come,
Courtof Appeals will try

To deal out speedy justice, or
"Twill know the reason why.

Perhaps (such circumstance occurs),
The court may so clivide

That Chief Judge Parker's vote will be
The vote that will decide.

How aimplified the law would be
Were all the courts reversed,
So one could bring his sult to Chief
Judge Parker from the first. T.N,

The Pith of the Programine.

He searched the programme through and through,
And came across a joke or two.
It was an easy task to find
Ry whom the costumes were designed,
Who made the wigs, and who suppiled
The drinking water, purthed;
From whom the carpets were obtained,
And who the floor so nicely stained;
The exclusive plano used—nay, more,
He learned the name of every store
Which he had never kuown before.
“Patrons,” he saw, “desired,” “Invited,”
“The management would be delighted.”
And many other compliments,
Worthy anything from 50 cents;
And then—he came across at last
What he was searching for--the Cast!
La Touche HANcocg.

 

Concentrate.

Behold a wonder of the age—
A most Utopian dream come true;
The grandest thought that seer or sage
Or priest or prophet cver knew,
Your toll avails you nota bit,
Kul you can get a line on fate,
If you will only learn to sit
And concentrate and concentrate,

If food Is your desire, you see
By following this simple rule,
You In a little while may be
A highly nutritive capsule
1 had not thought of this before,
Lut If you then bave need of pelt
Why, concentrate # little more
Unit! you've quite absorbed yourself,

If costly ralment you admire,
Pray do not dwell upon the fact,
You wil] not need much fine attire,
When you're a quadruple extract,
Ig your desire for gold and lands,
‘To get them at an early date,
Juat close your eyes, and fold your hands
And gently, firmly, concentrate.
CLagick W, Riney.

 

The Emblems,

Once upon election
It befell, forsooth,

Cupid bled bliin early
To the voting booth

There he got a ballot
Beautiful to see;

Dollar, heart and laurel
Headed columns three.

Tried to scratch his ticket;
Made an awful meas;

Lost his vote entirely
Vhrough his foollahness.

So when you go awooing
You had best debate;
Money, Love or Glory,—
Vote your Uickot straight,
McLANDBUROM WILSON,

 

The Ballots From the Trees,

Dame Nature holds election, too,
As though she fain would scoff um
And every leaf that flutters dows e
Votes Autymp out of office. i

a

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

 

A ships valuable trunk by express (B),
stead feat vid ek eee are
re runk during transit and carries
§ beyond destination. After three weeks’ search
trunk reaches original address. In meantime A
expends 9350 for wearing apparel in order to fill
business engagements; worry, pervous strain and
lnconventence inestimable. Ja B responsible be-
yond $i? Moral.

In @ case of this kind it would be wise to consult 4
lawyer. This also answers S. H. C., W., and a
gumber of friends who sent legal queries.

Now and when did ale become the Englishman's
favorite beverage? f. K. nD.

The Romans are supposed to have introduced the

art of brewing beer into England, where It rapidly:

took the place of mead and cider. Ale would seem
to have been the ourrent name for melt liquor In
general, before the introduction of hops from
Germany, about 1521, brought with It the word
(bier) beer, as at first used to distinguish hopped
liquor from ale, the unhopped. Hut it was under
the Tudors that ale became the favorite drink of
all classes. The wars with France and Spain
checked the Importation of wines from those
countries, and the simultaneous introduction of
spices from the Orient and improved brewing
methods from Flanders brought ale into sudden
and lasting popularity.

1. Will Pe kindly name the law school fraterni-
ties? 2. Which ts considered the leading legal
fraternity? 8. 1s there @ book published on law
(echool) fraternities? “BLACKSTONE.”

1 and 2. The three leading national law schoc!
fraternities are the Delta Chi, the Phi Delta Phi, the
Nu Sigma Nu. 8. We do not know of any.

Please let us know how many years married
Constitutes a diamond wedding.
Ropsar Danser.

The aixtieth year of marrted life ts generally
observed as the diamond anniversary.

Je there such a place as Widows' Island, and !f
6o, where? READE.

‘ Titran Island in the Lofoden Archipelago, |s some-
mes called by that name. Out of a total popula-
tion of leas than 1,000 there are over 150 widows
and more than 600 fatherleas children. In 1804
186 fishermen from the island were lost In a single
storm.

 

 

I have unsucceasfully applied to two newspapers
and have made several attempts to place the passace
“We are confronted by a condition, not a theory.
It occurred, I believe, In one of Mr. Cleveland's
speeches. Can THE SUN locate it forme? A.C. R.

See President Cleveland's third annual message
to Congress, Dec. 6, 1887;

“Our progress toward a wise conclusion wi!l
not be improved by dwelling upon the theortes of
Protection and free trade. This savors too much
of bancying epithets. It ts a condition which von-
fronts us—not a theory.”

 

Kindly advise us in what year the 806 made the
fight for Grant's third nomination.

(2) Was Col. R. E. Ingersoll ever Governor of
Mlinots? If so, when? OLD GUARD.

(1) In June, 1880, at the Republican convention In
Chicago, Gen. Grant's name was presented, and
for 36 hallota he received @ vote that only varied
between 802 and 313.

(2) No. He was appointed
of Illinots in 1866,

i ie Pope Plus IX, reign longer as Pope than
co rhe
(2). Did Leo XIII. reign longer than any other

Attomey-General

Pope? H. C. WILSON.
(i) Yes.
(2) No. Plus 1X., 1846-1677, reigned five years

longer than Leo XIII. and stands in history alone
In the length of his pontificate.

By whom and on what occasion was the remark
made: "Ce n'est pas un evenement, c'est une nou-
valle?” A. B.

The story Is told of Talleyrand that he was dining
with the Duke of Wellington, when the death of
Napoleon was announced. “Quel evenement/" cried
one ofthe guests. “Non, ce n'est pas un evenement,”
sald Talleyrand, “c'est une nouvelle"—"'Tis no event,
‘tls a plece of news.”

Tn reference to a recent request for information
regarding tho teaching of the Eptscopal Church
on the subject of sacramental confession, Mr.
FE. A. Foster kindly refers our tnquirer to “The
Doetrine of Confession Inthe Church of England.”
by the late Canon T. T. Carter, and Volume I. of
“Catholic Falth and Practice,” by the Rey. Alfred G.
Mortimer, D.D.,—both published by Messrs. Long-
mans, Greém & Co.

(1) Please name the different classes of mon-
archies {in Europe to-day. with examples of each.
(2) What 1s the form of the British Constitution?

STUDENT.

(1) The monarchies of Europe to<day are class! -
fied as eonstitutional and absolute. Russia and
Turkey are the only ones of the latter class. (2)
The British Constitution ta partly written. as found
tm the great historical documents such as Magna
Charta (1315), the Petition of Right (1628) and the
Bill of Rights (1689); and partly unwritten, con-
elsting of precedents and customs which are recog-
nized as authoritative.

Is there any property In the United States exempt
cremiexatlon besides that owned by the Govern-
men 8. S.

Yes. That which !s devoted to purely charitable
and educational purposes. In most States church
property is also exempt. State laws also, as a
rule, exempt from taxation a small amount of
personal property, such as household furniture
and clothing.

Must a man having his home In New York but
working over fifty miles away come to New York

and register, himself, or can he register by mall?
A. READER, Dobbs Ferry.

He must register personally.

 

Kindly give me some Information regarding the
Folitpping Islands. 1 would like to know whether
the climate {s healthful or not, whether {t would be
wise for a public school teacher to locate there or
not, and to whom a teaqher should apply to get
8 position to teach In the public schools on the
Islands. Ipa C. H

The geographical position of the Islands Is such
as © give them a great variety of climates and
temperaturcs. They stretch from near the north -
ern edge of the torrid zone, at 21 degrees north
Jatitude, for more than a thousand miles, to a latl-
tude less than 5 degrees from the equator. Luzon
approaches the edge of the temperate zone and
both It and Mindanao have a moderately low tem-
perature In thelr higher levels. The climate ts
temperate In November, December, January and
February, and {t !s excessively hot in April, May
and June. Cholera has been prevalent during
the last two years {In Manila and some of the neigh-
boring towns, but has affected Americans only
alightly, though particularly fatal to the natives,
Mindoro and Balébac are the worst of the Islands
from a sanitary point of view. Sibuydn, Guimaras,
Siquijor and Cebdé are considered specially health -
ful. Heat prostration, diarrha@a, dysentery and
malarial troubles are most to be guarded against.
The employment of 1,000 American teachers has
been anthorized, and nearly all of this number
are now In the archipelago at work. We think
that no woman not physically and constitutionally
strong would be wise to take up this work. The
Civil Service Commission has just received a call
from the Philippine Government for 150 male teach.
ers only. Apply to the Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D.C,

“O sleep, O gentle sleep,
Nature's soft nurse! how have I frighted thee,
‘That thou no more wilt weigh my eyellds down,
And steep my senses In forgetfulness?”
are from “King Henry I!V.,” Part II,
Scene 1.

Gtlbert Palmer—The writer who used the pscudo-
nym “Lillie Montfort” published “Incidents tn
My Sunday School Life,” London, 1878; “Broken
Purposes; or, the Good Time Coming,” London,
1878; “Meadow LDalsy,” London, 1878; “Maude
Linden,” London, 1880; “Luther Miller's Ambt-
tion,” London, 1884. We do not think they have
been published In this country, but if so they
are now out of print.

Act 38,

 

Omar K.~—Gentiy, brother; gently, pray! On so
delicate a subject as the correctness of a rhyme It
does not do to be dogmatic. If Mr. Bliss Carman
chooses to make thrushes rhyme with barouches,
who are we that we should say bim nay? Did not
Thackeray write:

“Limavaddy Inn's
But a humble balthouse
Where you may procure
Whiskey and potatos?”

Inquirer, Washington, D, C.--The pin you found
1s the badge of the Casque and Gauntlet, the gonior
society of Dartmouth College, Hanover, N. H.

Pertinar.—The word skinker ts obsolete or pro-
vincial. It means one who draws or pours out
Haqvor; @ tapster; a server of drink.

The passage is from John Lyly’s play, Mother
Bombte, 1604. This |s the correct form;

“Jo Bacchus! To thy table
Thou callest every drunken rabble;
We already are stiff drinkers,
Then seal us for thy jolly skinkers,
Wine, O wine,
O jutee devine
How dost thou the nowle refine.”

X.A.Z.—President Cleveland was called upon
to consider 907 requests for pardon or reprieve,
and granted 66, \n whole or tn part.

Philanthropist—The “Pringle Memoria! Home
is at Poughkeepsie on the Hudson.

L. P.—The series of articles descriptive of walks
fm the neighborhood of New York by a pedestrian
club appeared In the Mati and Express.

wesidess eagloiged ou Duly py sets, wot ERT DOM

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

oe GF oe Ne

 
   

NO NEED TO LOSE THE REDWOOD.

We Can Grow Two or Three Crops Profita-
bly in a Century.

In contradiction to the many reports,
during the past few years, thatthe redwood
foresta of California are threatened with
speedy extermination, it is now said on
authority that there is enough merch intable
virgin redwood lumber still standing to
supply the present demand for many cen-
turies, and that the redwood forests are
able to reproduce themselves abundantly
in commercial quantities. If reasonable
care is exercised in their lumbering, two
or three crops may be profitably gathered
in the course of a century. Almost without
exception redwood is the only merchantable

     

___memac ATTN
It you want the BEST
novel of the year, buy

eS

FUTURE FOR MOTORS IN wae. |

 

Lord Roberts Says They Will Have to Be |
Reckoned With. \

| In the recent manauvyres of the British |
' Army in the west of England, which were
war games on a more ambitious scale than
England has had for several years, auto-
mobiles were utilized to an extent never
before attempted in military tests, and
were found to be very useful indeed, prin-
cipally in conveying the umpire staff and
| the general officers speedily to distant
points and in carrying information

A warm discussion has arisen sinoe as
| to whether motor cars, as the English call
| them, would really be of use in actual war,
| and how far that use would extend; and a

 

>

lumber which will naturally reproduce it-
self in paying quantity and quality. expressing the opinion that it has been

After a series of observations which have demonstrated that the military automobile
followed closely the well known capacity } can be made very valuabie indeed. {
of the redwood for reproduction by seed- The trump card of the pro-motorists
lings, sproute or suckers, the Bureau of | is this declaration by Lord Roberts to the
Forestry has decisively announced that it | Motor Volunteer Corps after inspecting
does pay to hold cut-over lands for future | them at the close of the mancuvres: “I |
crops. In reaching this decision the Bureau | think this shows that in future wars motor |
of Forestry considered, among other things, | cars will play a very important part. We !
the economy of protecting the young growth | could not have carried out the manceuvres |
in lumbering operations and from fires. without your help.”

It has been believed, even by those who Motor cycles, as well as motor cars, were
live among the trees, that efforts toward | used in the manauvres. All the motor
the reproduction of the redwoods would | vehicles were run by the new Motor Volun-
be futile, as conditions under which the | Ser, Git. ieee aan: alien

i n : 1
tress started, @ thousand Oh more years Autorapt lit, has since Mneouneed for '
ago, no longer exist. This idea only holds | hig follow exporimenters in that field just
true in so far as that future generations of | what they think can be accomplished by
the redwood will never attain the superb | the motor car in ita present stage of de-
dimensions of the pitriarchs of the virgin | velopment.

Sa Ha First of all, Lieut.-Col. Mayhew says,
peer ean rene Tk it has been demonstrated that a command-

ing officer will be enabled to inform him-
has been demonstrated by Mr. R. T. Fisher | self personally on matters incidental either |
of the Bureau of Forestry that in thirty; to a march, a general action, encamp-
years, under fair conditions, a second | ment or camping grounds; need for |
'
'
|
|
\
|
|

score of prominent officers are quoted as |

 

: enforcements on the part of detached

Beat of redwood should yield 2,000 ise, bodies, or the possibility of obtaining re-

rd measure, to the acre. The treés of | enforcements for himeelf; all with perfect

the virgin forest are bound to be cut be- | ease and immense saving in time, while

cause it pays to handle them, and only | avoiding the tendency to error and mis-

those patriarchs in parks and reservations syprebenslon acparne from a system

of messages and hearsay.

will be saved. This, however, will not “Thin he says, “may be met by_ the

necessarily mean the destruction of the | objection that the Commander-in- Chief

redwood as a merchantable commodity. should he in one place where he can be

The redwood is popularly thought to four ey emergencina, ane undoped

” , n @ midst of an action 1 m D W

Soeibyig BHP of Coun ey nen Lo es But an officer in supreme command, if

wide, from the Oregon line to the Bay of | supplied with an efficient and numerous

Monterey, but these boundaries donot cover | motor contingent, would not hesitate to

{ts actual distribution. Two thousand | spare from his side temporarily a etaff
acres of redwood in two separate groups
are growing in Oregon along the Chetco
River. South of the Chetco a continuous

EEE

officer of much greater attainments and
greater suitability for the mission on hand }
were he confident that such an cfheer
radwood belt begins. Following the river | would be back agrin at the centre in a
valleys and lowlands, and increasing in | quarter the time or less than a man on
' i ; He even thinks that, putting actual battle
to twenty miles and more, it keeps on in a P £
superb, unbroken, primeval wilderness | will have no fear of using a car himrelf in
to southern Humboldt county, with a width | emergency when he feelx that a visit to |
some point otherwise hard to reach would |
miles. Here for about a township it thins That, Lieut.-Col. Mayhew says, is what |
north of the Mendecino county line, and } more he sees of the efficiency of the motor |
after entering that county, it widens to for such work, the more new Uses SUR |
thirty-five miles 5 gest themselves— motor-mounted infantry, |
h supplied with quick-firing guns, light emer- |
Mendocino county, clthough a few stretches |
tended compreliensive use of motor trucks |
rov cept for pleasure a ex hibiti and tractors for heavy transport.
of groves kept for pleasure and exhibition As to whether in their present state of
purposes are found throughout the Santa
Cruz Mountiins and as far south as Sal- | onin war without constant danger of their
tains, Monterey county, 500 miles from the | he: ha a ‘
“The motor car, it is true, is not intended
for a cross country steed, and it is argued
River.
The commercial redwood grows to a | poses is discounted because it cannot jump
greater height than any other American R
will often go round a fee. or a piece of
; nts ., | rough country by-road in less time than
cumference by the big tree. The most it takes a horse to cross it direct, and I
twenty or more feet in diameter. Most | others in the military service are in the
of those being harvested at present are | habit of striking a bee line across country
upward of 500 years old, the oldest being | &Y@" when riding horses.
7 a great many obstacles, he argues, if the
has a straight, slightly tapered bole, clear | motor car cannot. a
for 100 feet or more, with a crown of com- In these British manceuvres, the umpire
ratively short horizontal brancher, | ;
a : °F | Duke of Connaught and Lord Roberts, the
Commander-in-Cnhief, was obliged to cover
the total length. lt has no taproot, but | from 60 to 120 miles of country a day.
the other roots strike downward ata sharp
angle, forming a woody, compact |

on horsehack, but with the aid of motor
cars it was accomplis! ed; and, as the records
show, with surprisingly few slight break-
downs and no serious accidents.

FLOTSAM.

than the messenger personally employed,
width from ten miles in Del Norte county | horseback would be.
aside, the officer in supreme command
in some sections of thirty-five or forty ; f
be of service to him.
out, but becomes dense again. Six miles | the motor car corps enn do now. But the |
; ; tor quick-firing guns, cers armed and
The redwood belt practically ends in | MOOr Gules & :
gency transport, and a thoroughly ex-
of second and third growths and a number 1
' development automobiles could be counted
mon Creel Ci fion, in the Santa Lucie Moun- | breaking down, he thinks they could. Says
northern limit of the tree along the Chetco
by some that its efficiency for war pur-
ences and ditches., True, but the motor
tree, though it is exceeded in oge and cir-
complete specimens are 350 feet high and | have yet to learn that staff officers and
' way the motor cycle can surmount
about 1,375 years. When normal the tree Anyway y
staff, a large body of officers, including the
which occupy from one-half to one-third
It would have been impossible to do this
well adapted to securing we ter,

The Redwood suffers less from fire than
any other species. The thick serrated
bark forms a practically fire proof covering
ana thoroughly protects the older trees trom

 

QUEER BIT OF

 
  
   
  
  

were nnn

CYRUS TOWNSEND BRADY'S 4

Createst Romance,

SIR HENRY | |

MORGAN | |
BUCCANEER 4

A Second Edition of j
10,000 COPIES ,

Profusely and Beautifully UWlustrated.
CLOLH BOUND, $1.50. i

Or cr trom your book.
sellers.

G6. W. DILLINGHAM CO., Publishers,

New York.

Sold every wiere

 

ENS TRUC TION,

WILD AAI AR ARDLD
Kusiness ¢ olieges. iy

BUSINESS ==
SHORT

   
      

 

HAND

Fall Term

 

   
     
     
       
     
     
         
             
         
         
         
         
   
     
     
     
 

EVENING
SESSIONS

Including Bookkeep-
Busluess Arithinetic,

BUSINESS COURSE-

    

' ship,
Leu Vriting, te

SHORTHAND COURSE —Including Stenog
graphy. ‘TypewritiIng, Omece Practlee,
Correspondence, @te.

EMPLOYMENT DEPARTMENT--Thorough-
ly o-cantzed for the benetit of our
graduates. No charge Is made to the
bustiess man or the student for our
Services in this Vepartnient,

THE Hh: SCHOOL -The best. education
one can get is what he needs~not the

% cheapest in price. This school fits tts
giaduates for the ifchest class of posi-
tlons. where the best salaries are paid.

SPANISH 86S 5%

SCrHOOL

Practical lessons are given in the leaching
of this laniruagce, including the elements of
Spanish wrammar, transiations from Spanish
to English and viee versa; vocabulary of
business terofS: the writing of commerctal

   

 

   

documents in Spanish; dictation exercises,
ete,, etc
This work {# under the charge of one

of the most successful teachers, and suocess
is assured to every carpest sivdeni-- s-

Hlustrated Prospectne
and full inforination sen:
Promptly on application,
“AN OLD SCHOOL AND SCHOOL
ATHOUROUGHSCHROL”

1133-1135 BRO LIWAY, Cor, ita SUN. ¥

CCESS

 

ofa - ray ACPA v PN ow
any flames which may go through the furest, | Schoolhouse Floor Floats Twenty Miles SOUT ARUN RIE OUP Hy SME AGL Gton
while the absence of resinous gums mikes With All Its Furniture Dry. world when they are prepaced to take advantege
the wood fairly fire resistant. Tt is only in >, : A of opportunities wate demand thorough qualift-
cut-over lands where the Jumberman is | MaTamoras, Pa., Oct. 22.--Among the ? cation
looking for a second growth of timber that | buildings carried away by the recent flood OUR DEPARIMENES IN BUSINESS. SHORT.
the necessity of averting forest fires becomes ; in the Delaware valley was the school- PHAND Ty PEW RITING, LANGUAGE AND LANs
ue TOS of the redwood f | house at Mongaup, near the Sullivancounty, | GUAGE SVENOGRAPHY, CL. IL SERVICE, -AQ«
redw. t Ww ; - : 1 ew ’ Ot MeTCRRPING
nH he redwood are few and | N. Y., line, on the Mongaup River, five miles | COONIES G0 AO DLLING BOOKKEEPING, RBs

the tree suffers little from them. The dam-
age from wind is in onsequential. Dr.
Herman von Schrenk has found taat fungus
seldom attacks it and does it little injury,
A brown rat effects some damage at the base

into ) GENTS AND PREPARATORY F RAISH EXCEP.
i TIONAL ADVASLAGLES TO THOSE WHO ARB
AMBITIONS

Employment department for graduates, 4

; above this village. It was carried
| the Delaware River, where it went to pieces,
The floor remained intact, and passed

| by this place on the height of the flood
‘all the seats and desks in place. This
j part of toe schoolhouse was found high
ion an island fifteen miles below here, not
/ a seat or a desk disturbed, A dictionary
was on one of the desks. without evi-
dence of it having heen touched bv even
a drop of water in what must have been a
| tempestuous twenty mile voyare.

A five pound jar of butter and four skips
' of bees, whieh did not belong to the school,
) and which eould not have started with the
schoolhouse wien if was carried away,
were found with the stranded floor, the
jar standing on one of the desks and the
bee skips in diferent places, all upright, |
and their bees humming in and out of then |
busily at work,

of the trees, but does not affect them for
any great length, and the tree's remarkeble
immunity from all forms of decay has en-
abled it to reach a great age. Dr. A. D.
Hopkins has found that the damage
from insect enemies is insignific: nt

Man is the greatest enemy of the red-
woods. Butevennow. with the growing de- |
mand for redwood lumber, lumbering opera-
tions are carried on with a small mergin of
profit, as the size of the trees and the diffi-
culty in getting them to the mills entail
methods of lumbering on a gigantic scale,
Steain is the medium used throughout the
process. On flats and bottems, where the
trees average from five to fifteen feet in
diameter, the stand is very dense, and to

get the redwood out of the forest without The honey in each skip |

 

age the logs must be got out. Logs are

Pupils may

6OTH 8

EAST

DAY AND EVENING SESSIONS,

cntes

MERCHANTS AND

SCHOOL,

(Tuaedo Building).

‘BANKERS?

& MAUISON AVI
"Phone, 200% Plaza
ESTEY, MeNEECE & GARDNER

V tlie Heyrents

en

MAN

SCHOOLS

 

 
   

 

 

Pov s7 bt, Ponesbheepde, N,

re

|
breaking other trees is not an easy task. | was uninjured, not even a bit of comb | i
Choppers who can save a good percentage | being broken NEW VOR Mand POLGHKEEPSIE,
of the trees felled must be experienced ne) —E——E—EE=E==== LS i you ire seeking ft good usiness B¢ hool
Tf the tree is not 80 felled as to. strike INSTRUCTION Budiiene ay s Mi ; rh AST od a ae hess
throughout most of its length at the some | a nww.ww nw rem ee wean foot aford te nu Re i 4 liveth On ul Evan have
time, the brittle wood will break and splinter For Young Women and Girls, learned what wecan dolor you
pee ve everyutng within its path of everybody sacs the pling and equipment
2 feet is destroyed. of our new buliding is the best ever devised

A“lay-out” is usually level'ed for the tree REGENTS AND COLLEGE for Comune: “choo! werk ‘the rooms ar®
to fall ‘upon. Even then the whole of the EXAMINATIONS CIVIL SERVICE, open for inspertion beryenn S AM. and 9:30
crown and at least one-fourth of the b le N. Y¥. PREPARATORY SCHOOL Bat ane eh he tad to hnive you Sg) oe
are demolished and strewn upon the groun’! 15 West 13d St.. N.Y. Tel. $600-~ 48. HENBY V. GorNe Kon Drinat stAanaE
. i ‘ 71 os Or pel,

The mass of broken branchs may |e | ,2eesloralemon Stu Buln. Lol 107; Man: HV Wee Tne Sie New NOrk, o@
shoulder deep, and from this tangled wreck- | ; See ae eee a CLEMENT ©. GAINES, President

\

REGENTS’ ana COLLEGE reaminations |

peeled and the bark and branches are set
SENFPNER SCHOOL, 13 ASTOR PLACE,

nl dena Jur Catalogue |

|

on fire. Then the yarcing crew with a
bull donkey engine and tote gets the log
under way for the mill. As it goes plough-
ing and ploughing along, scarcely a tree
near it is left uninjured, while young growths
are completely demolished,

Two precautions are necessary to insure

Day, Veh oF ec civiars y

   

    

GARDNER HOME SCHOOL FOR
007, FIFTH AVENUE,
bet. 48th and 49th Sts.

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

 

School of Languages.

ae There are Schools.
a profitable second growth from cut-over ’ There is Gee Pao card Commercial School.
lands. First, care must be observed that STERN'S SCHOOL OF LANGUAGES tis known by 45 years of Thor@ugh work
in lumbering the virgin trees the smaller | of sy. ¥. City, 8 &, Ot St, vow upen. | J asf The School that Makes a Specialty of
trees are not destroyed in the process; } West Side Branch, Biway Arcade, Bway & 6510 St Fach Student,’ Ask tor Catalogue 8.
and, second, forest fires must lin avoided | ,,.,2roakivn | Senool. | 177 179 SOR ARNG AM Cnouneeedal riranches, Individual
or stamped out as much 48 possible EARS etree A Mase te ; Inserts tion stey ot Aas Time

 

 
 

Virgin stands of redwood are yielding

~ PRED
from 20,000 to 150,000 hoard feet an acre.

 

   
    

 

4th Ave. and

PACKARD

COMMERCIAL SCHOOL.

DAY SND EVENING
1 S¢ ‘Phone bO0-ES,

   
   
   
 

many Commercial

 

     

 

    

sp

ee

iH international
Coliere oa ~
Cut-over landa at 45 years old yield | Cae eae rere Eee ae See are ' ewriting Vee
at least three thousand feet an acre, On Schools of Elocution and Dramatic Art oad rasta) meoaphy  Hookkeeploag and alt
bondunt of the minor expense attached to % =i a Seen. SUM AMIE RADI
umbering these second growths, the yield DRAMATIC ART ere? Cee ai ieee iy nM
is highly profjtable. Redwood 45 years s Lay, TH pP AINE UPTOWN
old has yielded 20 to $0 inches on Special Clasv 5 in ACTING for ladies aud gentle : hy SCIQIAI est
the stump and reached a height of nearly | men now fom ng at the LAWRENCE SCHOOL, = BUSINESS SCHOOL
100 feet. In Sonoma county trees from | 108 West do. Thorough and piaciieal justr’ ‘ OADWAY
20 to 25 years old ure now cut to a diameter | erate terins tlc lar or application. reece recent aa aT aaa
of 10 inches ata profit. EI WIN GORDON LAWKEXSCE, Director bor sure vith Pudas shew j
The conclusions reached through care- | C=" en * . , ~E.¢
ful investigation by the Bureau of Forestry DANCING ACADEMIES T H E LY ON § Ct ,OOL
have amply demonstrated to foresters | | eshte Een eee eae Lae cone Wy 1
and lumbermen the good resulta to be ! \ yaar
derived through careful, yet simple methods HARVARD ACADEMY , hi
of lumbering. Under average prevailing ee Serene ea =
conditions the whole redwood country 1380 AND 138 Whol 23D SiLaHIKG: Coe tn ae
from Oregon to Monterey Bay ean be made _ ED. FINNEGAN, DIRECTOR, | eich ea hy ri ae ROGERS
to perpetuate itself in timber and regain |. The leaulng Hancing academy of all New Yori j repartee 101 “ Neg
t : " i soibl attractive, spaectou popular and al AY ‘ t ( i Datly
much of its original value. The practic Ways the best patronized Iatenstve alterations | mate L oe
bility of the reforesting of the redwoods will | and Improvements have just bee completed, | , ' .t 1
undoubtedly deter many Jumbermen from | greatly enlarging the floor space and increasing | MY. Gaipen ér's Private Classes for Boys,
the selfish policy of mere exploitation, | ‘Yr romfort and cnoventenoe of our puplls tht WEST END OF WE
since with oare Wee cube Over nde: Wi ee ee eee UR nee tte hex coe =
greatly increase in selling value. MISS ha ,’ ei a)
=e enna . cCABE Ss disse llaneuwus
. JMU hmenool, bie, Ila & 1 iv Bu t 5 s
MUSICAL, RATE ADU On EA eh ie eo) ae Eee STAMMERING
PPE PRR AAA FERAL IRR Ba Private and class lessons dally beglaners avy time ie atta 3 rrecteds
M.B. DE BOR, teacher of artistic singing, 1 Ital J =~ —— - Re ere state Beni coring
fen, French, Peraian, aoe pure see? method ; PERNA if 7 ¥ $id ( tae ‘pid DEVAL | ie tciepl, testi ta. frend yied | AO,
o WNBGte HALLS tig u perfect breatbbog, eridls, aliz,}wo- Step and the New Dauces taugot F.ABUYANE, M, Du 1s Woab ou Ob g