52ers

  
     

 

BERNARD SHAW'S NEW COMEDY

 

“WAN AND SUPENRMAN® WIT AND

reivosorPuy.

It Is Everything Dut 2 Ptay—the Caprt-
clons Humor of the Irish Seectallt Is
Abundant— (tte Technical Abiltty Never
Hiefore Olaptayed te Sueh Poor Ad-
vantage—Seme Revolutionary Waxims.

fiome day in the far future, let us hope,
when the spirit of Bernard Shaw shal! have
been gathered to the gods, his popular
vogue may be an established fact. Audi-
ences may flock to sip wit, philosophy and
humor before the footlights of the Shaw
theatre; but unless the assemblage be largety
composed of Shaw replicas, of overmen
and overwomen (“oversouls,” not altogether
in the Emersonian sense) it is difficult to
picture any other variety listening 10 “Man
@nd Superman,” his newly published
comedy. For one thing, it is not a play to be
played, though it may be read with delight
bordering on despair. A deeper reason
exists for its hopelessness—it is such a
violent attack on what might be called
the Shaw superstructure, that his warmest
enemies and chilliest admirers will wonder
what it is all about. Mr. William Archer,
one of the Jatter, has just confessed his
discomfiture in the pages of the Critic

*“Man and Superman”—odious title is
Shaw's attempt at a “Wild Duck,” formerly
one of Ibsen's most puzzling productions
Shaw mocks Shaw as Ibsen sneered at
Theen. This method of viewing the obverse
of your own medal--George Meredith would
ray the back of the human slate—is cer-
tainly a revelation of mood versatility,
though a disquieting one to the man in the
street. It does not seem to be playing
fair in the game. Sometimes it is not.
With Ibsen it was; he wished to have his
fling at the Ibsenite, and he had it. With
Mr. Shaw one is tempted toexclaim: “Aha!
drums and trumpets again, even if the cart
be repainted.” (Vide his earlier prefaces.)

The preface habit, too, is growing upon
this distinguished exerescenca upon the
British public consciousness. He hes “pref-
aced” once too often. In the pleasing
and unpleesing plays, in the puritanical
comedies, his “forewords” were full of
reat served up with a Hibernian sauce,
which produced upon the mental palate
the flavors of Swift, of Nietzsche, of Aris-
tophanes and of Shaw, This compound
could not be slowly degustated because
the stuff was too hot. Velocity is one of
Mr. Shaw's prime characteristics. Like
a pianaforte virtnoso whose fingers work
faster than his feelings, the Irishman is
lost when he essays massive, soncrous
enntilena He is as emotional as hie own
typewriter, and this defect, which he pa-
rades as did the fox in the fable, has stocd
in the way of his writing a great play, Fe
despises iove and therefore cannot appea!
to mankind

In the present preface the old musie is
sounded, bat brassier and shrifler; the
wires are wearing. (t is addressed to
Arthur Bingham Walkley, by all odds
the most brilliant, eredite and satisfying
of English drametie critics. Now the
cruel thing about this preface is that in it
{he author tries to foist upon the eritic of
the London Times the penaity attached to
writing such a play as “Man and Super-

 

 

 

American wealth; some brigands, a dream
Don Juan, and last, but not least, the Devil,
who in this case is nol a gentiemin |

The first act is promising. Mr. Shaw's |
jatle paragraphs--they are intended a& 4 |
prompt-book in miniature -eare more amus- |
ing than his preface. We are deluded into
the notion that a first class comedy is at
hand. There are all the materials ready
Ramaden, an “advanced” thinker of the
antiquated Bradiaugh type, has been ap-
pointed co-executor, co-guardian with Tan-
ner, a thinker of the latter day type that
is, @ man who bas read Marx, Proudhon,
Nietzacte, but not Max Stirner, The fair
Ann, her mother and sister are the stakes
of the game. Octavius, the sap headed
young man, is ready to sacrifice himeelf,
and his sister shocks all by not acknowledg-
ing the father of her unborn child. Here is
potential stuff for a tragic comedy, But
Mr. Shaw will not meu!d his material into
viable shapes. He is not an artist. He
loathes art. And so he is punished by the
fate of all who are “muffs”—hie inspiration
vanishes almost at the point of execution,
and, except for a few fugitive flashes, never
burns serenely or continuously.

One telling bit is when Tanner con-
gratulates Violet (what an appropriate
name!) on her delicate condition and is
scorned by that young person, scorned
and snubbed. What she a common
woman! No, sie is but secretly wedded;
in the fulness of time her husband will
be revealed. Tanner sneaks away feeling
that not to women must man look for the
emancipation of the sexes from conventional
notions. There are long harangues on
prevailing economic evils, social diseases
-all the old Shaw grievances are rung in,

Act If. is sorry stuff. In Act IIL, which
recalls a Gilbertian farce, there are cockney
brigands, a bandit corporation, limited,
devoted to the robbing of automobiles
that pars through Spain, The idea is not
sufficiently novel to be funny. A lengthy
parabasis, written in genuine Shaw-ese,
shows us hell, the Devil, Don Juan and Anna
of Mozartean fame. At least the talk here
is as brilliant as is commonly supposed to
prevail in the nether regions, Inter alia,
we read that marriage ia one ef the most
licentious of human institutions—hence
its popularity. Even the Devil is shocked.
“The confusion of marriage with morality
has done more to destroy the conscience
of the human race than any other single
error.’ “Beauty, purity, respectability,
religion, art, patriotiam, bravery and the
rest are nothing but words which I or
any oneelse can turn inside out like aglove,”
continues this relentless rake and trans-
formed preacher. ‘Too true; but the seamy
side as exhibited by Don Juan Shave is not
so convincing as in Nietzsche's transvalva-
tion of all values. “They are mere words, ;
useful for duping barbarians into adopting ;

civilization, or the civilized poor into sub- j
initting to be robbed and enslaved.”
Admitted, keen disseetor of contem
porary ills; but how about your play? In
affect che author says: “To the cievil
with all ar: and plays, my play with the

to run the universe; and for this I will, if
necessary, erect my pulpit in hell!”

After this what more can be said? The
play peters out; there is talk, talk, talk
Ann calls the poetic temperament “the old
maid’s temperament,” the brigand chief
sententlousiy remarks: “There are two
tragedies in life: One is not to get your
heart's desire; the other is to get it”

en oe

i less than the regular house charges. The

fon the streets, not the meninthe hotels,

  

shudder if you mention its title. Tt is
even rumored that the [rish dramatist
serves his parish as a meek citizen should
he will be writing poetry or melodrama
next His pessimism is temperamental,
not philosophical, like most peasimism,
as James Sullv has pointed out
Put “Man and Superman” on the sitelf
It preaches innocuous ind obsolete doc. |
trines. Ly is bad art. It 8 the work cf |
a@ man whose mission in life has withered
in hie hands. Matrimony, one o° the pur-
suing @ex, may have thus deleted the life
force inour Irish Ibsen! Perish the thought!
Aye, perish the henpecking institut ion
thal ean so shatter an original skull, that
can prompt the writer of “Candida” to the
perpet ration of “Man and Superman!”
JamEs HUNPKER
|
|

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

Little sther was bright by nature and had
learned readily al! that school taught her
Deficiencies in her general education were
the reault of ber home training, or, rather,
the neglect of it. The new teacher realized
thia when Esther, after several Saturdays
had paseed, waxed grimier and untidier
Then her mother got a note from the teacher.
The next day a young woman, resplendent
in feathers and thin satin, called to see the
teacher,

“You wrote about my sister.”

The teacher admitted the charge

“Well, my mother wants to know what
you think Esther's sent to school for—to
learn or to be smelt.”

The depression caused in the architect's
profession by the building strikes has be-
come serious. One of the largest offices |
in New York has recently discharged four-
fifths of its employees. It nad been the
busiest oftice in the city inthe last few years.
Others less able to stand such continued

‘slackneas have found the present situation

very critical and await eagerly a pettle-
ment of the strike difficulties.

New York marketa have offered this year
a more meagre supply of mushrooms than
any recent year has brought forth. There
are the cultivated fungi to be had, but the
mushrooms of natural growth, so abundant
sometimes at this season, arescant in sun-
plyand poor in quality. New Yorkers with
suburban homes have searched in vain
for the mushrooms, which, in accordance
with every expectation, should be numer-
ous. Last year was not a mushroom year,
and by every known rule they should have
been on hand thie year. But so cool and
wet has the weather been that the supply
is smaller.

The ticket speculators have had a bad
season so far. On Monday night they
stood in front of two theatres having im
portant openings, ‘villing, before a quarter
+o 9, to sell good seata for less than the box
office prices. At another theatre they
bought seats for a month, and expected to
get rid of them with as little difflentty as
usual, The seats can be had any night for

speculators who have suffered are those

who are regularly associated with fhe
theatres, Their diffeulties ar present are
attributed to the tendency on the part of
New Yorkers to save money and not
spend it.

There are two members of the Alfred
Mose’ ey commission who have ideas of their
own about American children. After
luncheon the other day several of thedis-
tinguished Englishmen were in the drawing
room with some of their friends, In the
group was a portly English gent'ewoman
whose crest bears a coronet. There was
also an American child, dressed by its
American mother, according to her notion

a

Pry wer

THE SUN. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

 

“CONIC OPERAS” REVIEWED. |

WHEN THEY ARE OPERETTAS
IND WHEN NOT.

“Three Little Maids,” 4 Princess of Ken

gins one of the most interesting of the
cantos of his frisky “Don Juan.” So let
us exclaim after the brief silence of the
sullen dogdays, “Hail Music, et ceteral”
That ceremony having been performed
and the curtain rung up on a new season,
let us at once proceed to the business of
reviewing the deeds and misdeeds of the
musical world. The leaves have not all
fallen yet in the crannies of the olive val-
leva, and all the human song birds and
pipers have not yet lefi their autumn re~
treats to glad us with their roundelays.
Yet music of some sort or another we have
always with us. It is like the poor, and
it needs much charity to sustain it.

In the early autumn the “comic opera”
comes upon the stage. It is a thing of
rarest make, that “comic opera.” One
wonders from what limbo of forgotten in-
sanities most of the stories were dragged.
And with that wonder comes another,
greater still, which is that man can be
ay witless, “Librettos” they call these
fleshless skeletons of verbiage, these rat-
thug bones of dried and mummified speech.
Breathes there a man who has not thought
that he could fall asleep and dream better
librettos than those he meeta in the Via
Sacra of theatrical Rome?

Doubtless any man who would take
thonght could write the text of a comic

if they but bear the hali mark of some
English theatre: but for budding youth,
fresh in the joy of its own inspiration,
breathing sweet merriment and senti-
ment of gentle fashion he has not place
He gees nothing that some one else has
not seen before him, Thank beneficent
Fortune for George Edwarce: and ail his
kind

There wasa time when New York boasted
the possession of some managers with cour-
age to produce operettas not already known
to Europe. John A, MeCaull, for instance,
gave Smith and De Koven their first chance,
when he brought forward at the Fifth Ave-
nue Theatre their operetta called “The
Begum.” And, compared with the things
dubbed “comic operas” in these days, 1
was a gem of the first water. MeCaull
also dug out of the then obscurity of Ger-
many such delightful things as "The Black
Hussar,” “Clover” and “Loraine.”

Once upon a time, also, there was a man
named ames C. Duff, who, to be sure, did
not bring out operettas of local manufacture
fo any great extent, but who discovered
“Pinafore” and a few other little trifles like
that and produced them when other man-
agers sent them begging from their doors

Bui the fashion of this limp and cheerless
time is to watch the British market and
get what can be got out of it, or else hire
the American composer and libreftist to

to-day. The operetta is like a gauze wrap
around a barroom statue in fly time.
Therefore, let us rejoice that George Ed-
wardes produced for ua “Three Little Maids. ®
That Daniel Frolhinan brought it to us is of

y "

singten,” “Babes in Toyland” and the
Perennial “Erminte’— Victor Herbert
as the Tey Humperdinck —Wilson as &
Singer— Votce Funnier Than His Legs.
Hail Muse, et ce ea’ Thus Byron be-

opera, But it requires a person of extra-
ordinary ingenuity to construct one 80
inane, so foolish, so devoid of intelligent
humor that it can pass all the managers.
The typical manager sits like a tion in the
path of originality, He welcomes the
aged, the lame, the halt and the blind,

4

 

SS ae a

   

 

FURNISHES TECHNIQUE AND INDICATES INTERPRETATION

 

an almost perfect technique.
artistic control of the music.

The METROSTYLE PIANOLA does more. It not only

HE PIANOLA met the demand for a simple method of musical ex-
pression. It enabled anyone to instantly play the p'ano, and play with
In addition, it offered its player complete

enables anyone to p/ay the piano, but guides him to play with the effect of a finished

pianist.

This result is obtained by having a musician actually play the composition
on this new Pianola, and, with its Metrostyle, leave an impression on the music roll
of just how he has interpreted it, forming an authoritative, easily followed but not

obligatory guide to intelligent, musicianly interpretation.

Hereafter the performance of the great pianists can be preserved for all time
in the “interpreted ” music rolls prepared for the Metrostyle Pianola.

Paderewski, Bauer, Paur, Hofmann and Moszkowski are among those who
have already marked their interpretations on thzse rolls, and the immense value of
this nev Pianola is manifest when it is realized that practically every owner of a
Metrostyle Pianola bec mes a pupil of the world’s greatest pianists.

The student, musician, and novice wii be repaid for investigating the
latest Pianola, which introduces to the world a new and potent factor in future
musical development. The Metrostyle must be seen to be thoroughly understood.

>» -
Pianola, $250.
Plano'a with Metrosevle, $300

bhe AEOLIAN COMPANY, *

Purchasable by moderate month'y payment

face. 362 Fifth Ave.

Solling Agents: FREDERICK LOESER @ CO., Brooklyn; LAUTER CO.. Newark

 
        

—_ a ain a la

  
    

man.” Wecan’t atl be Drydens and write
prefaces as great as poems; and Mr. Shaw
might have left out either the play or the

less importance. If le had not done it
some one elee would have achieved the
purpose. Now, is “Three Little Maids,”
which was made in England and is acted at

of the latest Englieh style. The boy's
plump little legs were bare to the knecs
and a kil€‘@overed hia full knickerbockers.
Perched On a high chair, little Reginald

 
  
 
  

which sounds as if wrenched from a page
of Chamfort or Rivarcl; and Ann con-
Tanner:

erg. own wie SES: aoe noung | PLAYBILLS POR THE WEEK, | Smcoutintiee

have here “Pi re” ft } = ;
smothered the score of “Pinafore. “The Girl from Kays,” a musical farce,

    
     
      

 

  

i
i
|
'
rest! What U wish to do is to tell you how
|

 

     
 

}
ans taree ails Email ery deh pai i th °Go en talking.” And why didn't Pow ; |
ie * Peer edie. Shared the Dery ce Abate mt i nd why didn't Powers play Puck? ;
a. 2 ; gaye rf my Tt . fap-overhisienecs - nglish accent, really — ball | *: ee ete ay mike A will be the next entertainment at the Herald
He started ont to make @ play on Don Juan, | “Talking!” = astlbcoA {ahd let me see your pretty | & “comic opera”? If not, what-b itt tRabes in Toyland” is not Seomic oppra,? poe hel PRESENTS “DANTE" TO-) o Vare, ;

   

comedy.
Well may Mr. Shaw write “universal

The reader’s probable answer to that will MORROW--A NEW PLAY HOUSE.

niet limbs,” ked th rtly lad
i rem t ’
ean deat ni ema ae be, Who cares? If it is bright and cheer-

with an amiable smile.

an eld and ever youthful theme. He suc-

‘3 ; yet it approaches much closer to it th '
ceeded in turning out an amorphoiis mon- BEC INter tries eet ie |

t's like old times at the Casino with

 

 

ster, part dream, part sermon, that will
haunt its creator as Frankenstein was
haunted, for the rest of his days. “Man
and Superman” is a nightmare

To be impertinent is not necessarfly an
evidence of wisdom; nor does the dazzling
epigram supply the missing note of
humanity. But our author is above
humanity. He would deal with the new
man who is to succeed the present used-up
specimen. Following Nietzsche's injunc-
tion this later evolution will “be hard.”
That is, he must freeze up, if needs be by
artificial process, all the springs of natural
instincts. He must realize that in the in-
evitable duel of the sexes he will be worsted
unless he recognizes that he is the pursued,
not the pursuer. In the animal kingdom
ft is the male that is gorgeously bedizened
for the purpose of attracting the feebler
faculty of attention in the female. So in
the human order the man is the cynosure
of the woman. For him she exists. Her
whole education and existence is an effort
to win him—perbaps not for himself, never-
theless to win and wear hin. This may be
biologically correct, though hardly gallant.
Mr. Shaw might have added that, unlike
lightning, women strike twice in the same
spot. Frivolity, however, is not in Mr.
Shaw's present scheme of applied un-
sociology.

As is the case with most reformers, he
has harked back to the past for his future
types. His men and women, though they
go down to the sea in motor cars, converse
about Ibsen, Nietzsche and Karl Merx,
wear twentieth century modes, are in reality
as old es the hills and as savage as hillmen.
They are only a trifle more self-conscious.
The preeent play--let us call it one for the
kakeof thearguiment-—deals with a precious
“baggage” named Ann Whitefield. She is,
in the words of Ibsen, a mighty huntress,
of men. She is pert, very vulgar, quile
uncivilized, quile ignorant of everyday
feminine delicacies; in a word, the New
Woman according to the gospel of Shaw.
Her purauit of 2 man unavowed, bold, is
the story of the play. She is hot-footed
efter a revolutionary socialist, John Tanner.
Every word that springs or saunters from
his lips, every movement of his muscular
“person, betrays the breed of Daredevil
Dick, of all the revolutionaries in all the
Shaw playe—the true breed of which Saint
Bernard is himself the unique progenitor.
Tanner is rich and believes himself an
anarchist. He is mistaken. He is only a
Fabianite with cash, a Fabianite who has
lost the “shining face” of a neophyte and
talks daggers and dynamite, though he
uses them not. Ann has been left an or-
phan, She isa new Hedda Gabler who knows
what she wants, sees if, secures if; there-
fore she burns no dramatic “children,”
sends no man to a drunkard’s doom; nor
will she, one feels quite certain, deceive
her hushand. To secure him she attempts
aii the deception before she marries him,
and while she seldom succeeds with her
white lies, she nevertheless bags her

2.

To supply these two pleasing persons
with charactera upon whom they may act
and be reacted, Mr. Shaw has devised a
middle aged hypocrite, a whited sepulchre
and man of the world named Roebuck Rama-
den; a sap headed young man who dotes
60 much on Ann that he sacrifices his own
happiness that she may be happy--or hum-
bugs himeelf into that belief, a self willed
young lady, his sister Violet, who conceals
her marriage with evil results to her reputa-
tion; a comical low comedy chauffeur;
eeveral pale persons, 1 snobbish American
youth of humble Irish pareotage gilded by

 

laughter” at the end, Yet Iam willing to
wager that a few critics will be in tears at
this exhibition of perverse waste and clever
impotency.
“The Revolutionists’ Handbook and
Pocket Companion,” which tops this ex-
traordinary contribution, sociology mask -
ing aa comedy, is its chiefest attraction
There, petrified into tiny copralitic nuggets,
may be found Shaw philosophy, Shaw
humor. There are maxims, too, “Do
pot unto others as you would that they
should do unto you. Their tastes may not
be the same.” This smacka of the in-
verted wisdem of the late James Whistler,
Mirriage, crime, punishment, the beat-
ing of children, title, honors, property,
servants, religion, virtues, vices—every-
thing of vital import to thinking men and
women, is regarded with the charmingly
malevelent eye of Mr, Shaw. He ex-
claims: “Property, sald) Provdhon, is
theft, This ia the only perfect truism
that has been uttered on the subject.”
Come, come, Mr. Shaw! Prouchon said it,
but the speech was not his own property.
You, who know your social classics so
well, should have remembered Brissot’s
“Philosophical Examination of Property
and Theft,” only published in 1790! You
also say, “Beware the man whose God is fa
the skies,” and “Every man over forty is
a scoundrel.” Tut, tul! The biographical
dictionaries must fb in your case, Why
not add all girls over fifty should be
drowned. Jt is Just as logical, But can
you condensa e the cosmo in a formula?
The general impression of the book
causes us to believe there is a rift in the
writer’s lute: not in his splendidiy menda-
cious mentality, but in his own beliefs, or
rcapticisms. Perhaps Shaw no longer pins

usefulness is no longer truth, but the simu-
lacrum of one. Mr. Shaw's truths may be
decaying. We feel sure that if they be,
he will be the firat to deiect the odor and
warn away his public. Some years ago
he printed a pamphlet against anarchy and
anarchists, which was to be expected
from a mild, frugivoroua man. Now he

his faith to Shaw. Ibsen asserts thal after
twenty years a truth that has outlived its

time of teething. The world has moved
since the Fabian society seowied at the
British lion and tried to twist its tail with
the dialectics of moderate socialism, To
use Mr. Shaw's own pregnant remark:
“Moderation is never applauded for its
own sake;" and, “He who can, does, He
who cannot, teaches.” Fabianism taught,
taught moderation! Yet to-day the real
thing is not Flisée Reclus, but Michael
Bakunin; not Peter Kropotkin, but Sergei
Netschajew; not Richard Wagner, but
hia friend, Roeckel, who was sent by him
across the cannon shattered barricades
at Dresden in 1849 to fetch an ice to the
thiraty composer. Wagner rang the alarm
bells on this opera bouffe and esagped to
Switzerland; Bakunin and Roeckel  re-

but somehow or other their music is cracked
and carries no message to his listeners.
Is it possible that he regreta the anarchy
that he has never had the courage to em-
brace and avow? A born @narchiat, indi-
vidualist, revolutionist, he bas always
gone in for half-hearted measures of re-
form, Never, like Bakunin, has he applied
the torch, thrown the bomb; never, like
Netschajew, has he dared to pen a cate-
chiam of destruction, a manual offaihilisn
ao terrific that advanced Russian thinkers

mained and went to prison!
Mr. Shaw is «till ringing alarm bells,

yeemsa to be wearying of the milk-white
flag of socialism, and vet his revolutionary
maxims are maxims for children in the

 

The boy, trained to obedience, stood up
and did as bid. Then, still holding his kilt
and eying the portly lady from head to
foot, he retorted:

“Now, let's see yours.”

Visitora in the Wall Street district have
had a new diversion this vear in watching
members of the Stock Exchange, on warm
days, sunning themselves on the little bal-
conies outside of the big windows on the
Broad street sideéof the board room floor

On warm days each of the balconies
has two or three men taking the air, They
loll in chairs and smoke, aud (heir ease
seems to be in strange contrast with the din
that comes from the trading room, Now
and then one of the men will receive a slip
of paper, throw his cigar away and dis-
appear into the room, 10 emerge a Hittie
later and take his seat again. On the
opposite side of Broad street little groups
of sightseers often remain gazing at the
men in the balconies and watching their
actions. The leisure thus enjoyed by the
brokers seems to amaze some of the town’s |
visitors. One of them asked a policeman
the other day if the place was really the
Stock Exchange.

“I thought that was the busiest place in
the world,” said the visitor, with a disap
pointed look, when the policeman said it
was and that the men taking it 60 easily
were real brokers.

There have heen four weeks of opera
in Brooklyn and the performances have
been highly appreciated, judging by the
attendance, But sometimes there have
been amusing incidents on the stage
At ao matinée of “Lohengrin,” the other
day, the Jong second act had been cut,
Lohengrin was about to lead laa to the
Cathedral when a bell sounded and the
curtain began to fall, Lohengrin jumped
forward, drew some of the players who
were at the front of the stage back, so as not
to be struck by the curtain, and in a voice
that could be beard all over the house |
asked : }

“What on earth is the matter now?” |

Then the curtain was run up again and
the act Anished

Later in the same performance, afler
Lohengrin had slain Frederick, the aiterd-
ants, in carrying the dead man off the |
stage, picked him up feet first and used his
head as a battering ram to open the door

|
|
\

A battle of stereopticons wages every
night in Kighth avenue, near Twenty-fifth
street. There two rival parties have ad-
jolning quarters, and each has hung out a
white banuer, upon which pictures and

legends showing why vou should voie for | |

moral lessons are judiciously mingled
with moving pietures of famous prize
fights and fair women in secant attire, anc
the most petriotie urchin will desert his
party show when the rival sheet displays a
fight or a ballet :

The crowd is large and appreciative, bul
the prevailing sentiment war yoiced the
other night by ene small boy, who ex-
claimed in disguat, after a long series of
facts and figures: :

“Hully gee! T wish dey'd cut out de gas
an’ give us anudder mill.”

A, rather than B, are shown nightly. The |

One way for college athletes to earn their
expenses nowadays is by acting as sort of
male governesses. Wealihy parents whore
young sons are being educated at home
by governesser frequently apply at the
employment offices of the universities
for the services of some athlete who can
give their boys five or six hours a week of
companionship. They are afraid that the
education of the governess alone inay make
their sons “siaeified.”

A number of athletes paying their own
way through Harvard, Yale and Columbia
have guch jobs. Three or four mornings
a week they go to the boys, romp with them,
play ball, and during the winter skate and
coast. Usually they are also employed in
vacation to stay with the hoys at their

rents’ summer homes fn Boston, the

wack Bay gives Harvard oarsmen and foot-
ball players many such jobs, and the fashion
in sprewling here

—————————

ful and amusing, ‘loes if not accomplish
its purpose, and is nol the purpose a good
one? Admitted with alacrity. “Three Lit-
tle Maids” has not fo wait till to-day for
acknowledgment in these eolimos, Tt re-
ceived it the morning after its production.

“Comie opera” in the vernacular of this
enlightened town is anything ia which there |
are singing, dancing, and a chorts There
are gocd men and true who are prepared |
to demonstrate that the hilarious enter ¢
tainment of Weber and Fields is “comic |
opera.” Hasn't it a prima donna, and a
big one, too? TT certainly has a chorus.
No man who still has the use ¢ f his eves
can deny that it hasa chorus of cantilating
sirens well fiited to lure the passing navi-
gator out of the Broadway sea

Tr thet might be comic opera, why net
the “Three Little Maids"? And vet there
persists a lingering suspicion that the dainty |
thing seen at Daly's is a musical comedy.
T is hard to tell just where the difference
lies, but it ties just the same. The music
of the piece is of extremely small import-
anee, Tt contains no elaborate ensembles,
no big concerted pieces, no important
quartets or trios, Tt is Just simple, lively,
pleasant, rlythinie water to float bits of
nonsensical doggerel into (he auditorium,

Such musie serves iis purpose, and, inspite
ofall the hullaballoo that some pious eriiies
raise about it, does no particular harm. Tt
does pot mar the taste of the really musical
The man who loves Beethoven and Baeh
doea not love them any (he less because le
finds an cecasional bit of candy in the con-
fectioner’s tissue of Tvan Caryl. On the
other hand, the man who sturdily and stead-
fastly refuses to have anything to do with |

Wagner or Bratimes or even to fisten to the
soft, seductive accents of Chopin will not
go to the Boston Symphony concerts just |
|
|

 

becatine there are no comic operas in town,
Maybe i! is bad for the ehildven, But
then the theatre in general is bad for chil
dren, Tt is no place for them. As Edward |
Augustus Dithmar said in one of his radical |
apothegma, “The theatre is not a kinder- |
yarten.” Children ought not to be taken to
heareheap buldordash of any sort, nitisicnl
or fitecary, They ought not to be taken to |
ree plays with strange stories like “Hedda
Gabler” or “Lhe Second Mes. Tanqueray.”
They should not go to operas: like “Die
Walkuere,” nor even “Faust.” But they do
They ought not to be allowed to read the
novels of Ouida and Marie Corelli, of Laura
Jean Libbey and Charlotte Braeme But
they are Vhey ought not to be allowed |
to read Swinburne's “

“aus Veneris” nor
Byron's “Don Juan.” But they are

“Three Little Maids” te still making
glad the air at Daly's. A dainty, pretty,
cheerful little mi al econedy is this, with
some very copible persons engaged m
presenting it to a well pleased public. since
it was brought forwarc several other musi-
cal plays have come and gone. [ft would
be useless to Giscuss (hem how Oniv one
awakened any regret, and that was “ A
Princess of Kensington.” It was almost
good

It isa pity that # was not altogether so
Kdward German, who wrote the ditisn did
his share weil, but the immortal Cap
Basil Hood mace another of his ioissfires

 

 

Capt. Hood has always been a groper |

He has never obtained a firm rastery of
the technics of dramatic corm riction "The
materials employed in the operetta under
discussion were hot at all new, and in some
parts they suggested “The sorcerer” ana it

others “folanthe.” Bul they were good
enough to have been handled better
If the book had been well saade the

operetta we uld have been a greal succers

build filmy operettas around some star. If
is seldom that one is asked now to regard
the new operetta as the feature of the pro-
duction. Fritzi Scheff in her new operetta
or Frank Daniels in his—that is the trump
card of your “comie opera” manager of
|
|

|
{the musty volumes o

 

[i is acurious fact that composers of op
erottus do not realize that the most inper
tant part of the whole affair is the Hbretto,
If that is bad, the thiog must prove dull,
and therefore a failure. Lf the libretto is
good enough to provide @ pleasing enter-
tuinment for the audience, the musie may
be very poor stuff and the operetta will atil)
succee |,

Mr. German's music was perhaps a trifle
too ambitious here and there, but it had
distinet merit. Tt was melodious and
graceful. Jt was filled with dainty ideas
and these were expreseed in that mellow
old Bnglieh idiom whieh makes the heart
of the hearer warm within bin, The tan
who ean fairly eaten the characteristic
note of Bingtiah nousie has got bold of a
mighty good thing, German seeine to be

preeision in earlier days of the theatre

 
   

fean be composed for such a “show” for }

show is what it really is. No doubt the
couposer thought of “Tlaensel und Gretel”

when he sat down to ereate the score ol a}

work in whie') babes in the wood played

Important parts. But he must also have |

thought of Leo Delibes and his dancing
tnarienettes

Cleverly did Mr. Herbert steer elear of |

      

both, iis musie is bis own, Tn the march
of the wooden soldiers he fos written one of
thebrightest and tost cha’ aeterietic humoer-
esques brought forward in sete seasons

1 ‘The score of this number is captivating,

and the manner in whieh the composer
has utilized the imitation wooden chum
corps, evinbel plavers and fiddlers on
the stage, shows the practised hand of a

of humor. What a wonderful thing at is
lf Trish, half American and educated
German fashion in music!

Again, there is that charming prelude

 

to ta

' tothescenein the interiorof the tovmeker'’s ;
| shop, a toy pastoral, with the crowit g of a

 

toy rooster, the quacking of a foy goose,
the barking of a toy dog and the lowlig of
a toy cow, To amusician of Mr. Herbert's
schooling sich a number was perfectty
obvious, To the ordinary “comic opera”

!
Composer of commerce it would never have

occurred, The song “Toyland,” which
tollows, is charming in mood and has a
chorus whieh raises it above the level of
the commonplace

Taking it all in all the musie of “Babes
in Tovland” ig one of Mr. Herbert's happiest
achievements, and it deserves all (he more

praise for not being obscured by the bril- |
ant spectacular feature f this enter-) ow ot
i ectacular features of this enter-) viv and the appearance of N. (
“A Midsurmmet

This comedy has been presented

taininent

Taet of all comer

 

'
history it breaks onee again into reiler-
ated activity and the world grows gayer
for it. “Erminie” is real “eomie opera,
or, as it should be called, operatta, Tiere
is a production in which the libretto and
the musie are of equal importance, The
libretto is a delightful pieee of fooling, a

| comedy in whieh there is an element of far-

cloalexstravagance mingled with justa touen
of the ineredible. You will not, cannot

believe in the success of the deception |

undertaken by Ravvy and Caddy, but
you see it succeed and you laugh at the
anties of the vulgar thief and smile at the

assumption of his elegant pi l. You even |

accept Lhe impossible Princess and syvm-
pathize with her frequent

“Don't interrupt the Baron.”

You agree with Ravvy's wise observa
tion’ “My friend, the Baron is a feast,”
and you are prepared to write upon the
tablets of vour memory all that the diekie
birds say. Why not? The two thieves are
ingratiating rogues, ‘They speak bright
Vines Even Dowie would believe them
when they ask and answer

“Where is the home of the confraternity?

“Tn the Metrolopust!”

They dance nimbly and they sing badly
at any rate one of them does. Willi m
Broderick, to be sure has a voice and ean

l intone a tune, But Francis Wilrou's voice!

 

It is funnier than hie legs, and they are
hiumorists of the first order No one does
any extraordinary pinging tm Briainie

as now performed at the Casino, though
essie Bartlett Davis's subterranean ¢ eg

ter dows occasionally bring back swilt
jnemories of the days when she roamed

in the pronie Sherwood Forest and aalced |

us to promise her that some day we'd be
hers

That wae in “Robin Hood.” Well, “Robin
Hood” is also a genuine operetta, Wt is
still on the active Lint Like * Mrminie,
it is a good purchase Phe longevity of |
these two works ought fo meat something
ro the observant manages Phev hive

bong outlived their period, and they are
still fragrant. ‘To both we may ray woth
Caddy, "'Bre'aa ‘ealth to your Royal ‘igh

ners, and may the ekin of a goomelerry
always be big enough to make a humbrella
for hall of your henemias,”

W. J. HeNperson,

do many of the things so ealled, The | S—
‘, Goodwin tn “A Midsammer Night's
IaMes Ready for the Stage
Suecess of Some of the Recent Pro- |
-Vaudeville’s Many Offerings.

programme tightly describes it as an ex- |
travaganza, a term frequently used with |

wo Herbert has shown how good nitcic |

makes his eighth professional
begin to-morrow
the Broadway Theatre
the “Dante”

He will appear in
only one play

respect his present tour will be unlike moet
predecessors.
was the great feature of last season in Lon-
Its production here will of course
Le in all respects practically the same as |
was made at

The authors have aimed by the use
lof a little fact and a great deal of fiction,
thorough musician with a fire Trish sense | taken Jargely from his own poem, to create
a character which should symbolize Dante
1 in spirit and purpose, Armong the actors
who have come from London to assist Sir
Misses Mabel Hackney,

| Bramah and Mab Paul; and William Mol-
‘jison, Laurence Irving, Gerald Lawrence,
IH. B Stanford, Vincent Sternroyd, Frank
Farren, Jr.,

nolds and Charles Dodsworth

the dramatic
life of New York will occur in conjunction
to-morrow night, the opening of Klaw &
Amsterdam

Forty-second street, just

*“Erminie.” Out of |
honorable Casing | in the United States by seven other actors
| Keene, who played
Blake, George L. Fox, W. BE. Burton, Joseph
Jefferson, James Lewis, who was of course
l under Augustin Daly's direction, and Fad-
The art of stage display,
“A Midsurmmer
* has advanced wonderfully since
the earlier productions were made, and ii
may be expected that
will take advantage of every possible device
of Jighting and investiture.

Mendelssohn
will be used for the first time.
quest will be seen as Helena and Crystal
Herne as Hippalyta,

Kyrle Bellew
introduce bim as the principal character
of a play at (he Princess Theatre on Ties
Hornung and BOW
brey have made the play from Mr
ung’# book, but have departed very wicely
Capt. Redwood of “Jim (he
Penman” reappears in “Raffles the Ama
Cracksman,”

from (he story

 

housebreaker,
impersonates him
Mins Matthews, an Bnglish

interesting
Bellew gets into modern clothes
Kafttles for the first time in sixteen vears,

Manafield’s engagement at

comply with the publie demand

Heidelberg” will depart

hrobman's new
coum Theatre and dedicate it with the same

Francis Wilson in “Erminie.” Both the
actor and the opera find themselves as wel-
come as they were in their memorable
long stay at this theatre years ago.

.

The last weeks of Blanche Bates's engage
ment at the Belasco in “The Darling of tlie
Gods” are marked by the same crowded
houses as at first. She remains there oniyv

three weeks longer

Maxine Elliott's success in “Her Own
Wavy" at the Garrick has been so great tha!

lithe attendance records of the house haye

been broken

“Marta of the Lowlands” will remain at

ithe Manhattan Theatre till Saturday nigh!
| Sefior Ojeda, the Spanish Minister, and #

distingnished party will see it to-morrow
On Monday, Noy. 2, James ko Hackett wi!

| appear at the Manhattan in “John Ermine

of the Yellowstone.”

The Vaudeville Theatre has started pros:

} perously on its career as t he home of French

farce and comedy, and Mme, Charlotte
Wiehe has already gained an enviable place
in New York's esteem, The prograinme

| will not be changed this week.

“Three Little Maids,” now in its third

and Jast month at Daly's, would be welcet

to stay the winter out if it were nota read
) bidden elsewhere

Wijliam H. Crane will be the star and

/“'The Spenders” the play at the Savey

Theatre until Nov. 7 After that Arthur
Byron will be presented in “Major Andé”

Niel Barrymore as Cousin Wale at
Huteon Theatre ix more than ever a
orite. The play itself is the kind of come
that charms, and the part is admiral)
fitted for the actress

“Ulysees,” Stephen Phillips's poet!
Crame, now drawing toward the close
stay at the Garden Theatre will he florg
remembered for its pictorial, literary @!
dramatic excellence

Grace George will play “Pretty Pegey”
eight limes more at the Madison Suyale
‘Yheatre this weely and then will be off

} Boston. The Loot performance comes!
| Thursday night

William Collier now has a play that sults
him. °A Fool and his Money” will doubt
leak Jive long and prosper at the Bijou

“The Rogers Brothers in’ London” 1a
filled the Kuiekerhocker for seven we he
Its closing fortnight begins to-morrow

Che bisher Maiden,” at the Vietora
jx equipped with plenty of good songs 4
dances and is altogether a diverting shew

Ceorge Ade has written a new Beene !
)

the second act of “Peggy frem Pi
now beginning ite thire month at
init he tackles the janitor (yranny

   
 

enw

Ir ie announced Chat “Ben Hur” wil eon
tinue indefinitely at the New York

‘hat light comedy is certain of ite rewal
ja Gemnonestrated | the large support es
tenoed te Charles Hawtrey in ‘The Mai
from Blankley s” at the Criterion

jhe Beat of Friends” je a met at
of the poo hind that comes all ¢ neld
lr signal succens al ob Araile

t Mu

fore avi opened the New |
pu pre nly with “Captain Pe
will rena there till Raturday, No i

“Habe in foviand” ie having (he @

sort of triumph at the fe jerti Me

 

NE KS Pye RAT ee