t
'
t
i

t
1
th
:

 

j

 

i
|
'
F
Mg
t9
ty
}

TIME NOW FOR DUCK

Finest Lot in Years Along the
Great South Bay:

RED HEADS COMMONER THERE

Thousands of Birds, and There'll Be
Good Sport Next Month.

 

One Kind of Hunting Right at the City’s
Doer, and Free to All Who Can Enjoy
it--Mere Do Than Share in Any Other
@perting on Lonk Island, and Still
There's Room—Hanters Camping Out
at Night Now to Be Ready for Dawn,
and All Day the Guns Are Banging.

Morrcnes, L. I, Oct. 24.—One of the
largest fiights of wild fowl ever seen in the
Great South Bay, on the south side of
Long Island, is now being witnessed and
is giving sportsmen superb sport

The flocks include black, scoter, ruddy
and broadbill ducks, the last named being
the most numerous and successfully pur-
sued. At daybreak every morning the
shore of the bay is dotted with hunting
boats. Some hunters sicep on the ground
over night to insure possession of the best
points.

No sooner does the dawn break than a
veritable fusillade begins and continues
unti] nearly noon, when a lull in the flights
oocurs. The shooting is resumed about 2
in the afternoon, and with slight interes
mission lasts until darkness compels an
ebandonment of the grounds

The most successful and satisfactory
method of shooting ducks in the Great
South Bay is with decoys. About fifty of
these are set in a crescent to leeward of the
blind to resemble as much as possible the
live birda while sitting in the water

The most important matter in wild fowl
shooting is the choosing of the ground.
While one point may afford excellent shoot-
ing to-day, to-morrow there may not bea
single bird near. The force and direction
of the wind, the condition of the atmosphere
and the stage of the tide, together with the
variety and wariness of the birds, all con-
stitute factors in determining where to
shoot. So intimate as well as broad must
be the successful duck hunter's knowledge,

that where one man unacquainted with
these conditions would not secure a single
shot another would achieve excellent
results.

There is perhaps no pursuit where the
element of uncertainty is so large. While
a hundred birds may one day reward the
Sportsman's efforts, on another he may fail
even to get a shot

While there are now thousands of ducks
inthe bay, the best sport will not be obtained
before the middle of next month, when
the prevalence of high winds will cause
the birds to fly and decoy readily. When
the birds are numerous and the weather
propitious the flight is sometimes 80 large

  

|
|
|

\
|
|
j

that the gun becomes overheated through |
rapid shooting and the barrels need to be |

dipped in the bay te lower the temperature

It is then that the sport proves most exhila- |

rating; and the hunter, with his nerves on
tension and the blood flowing vigorously

through his veins, is utterly oblivious to |

cold and wind alike

In the last few years, owing partly to the
growth of suitable food in the bay and the
stringent enforcement of the game
red head ducks have become numerous in
the Great South Bay. This variety com-
mands $2 a pair in the market, ana the birds

are consequentiy more eagerly pursued
than are the commoner kinds. The red
heads are most numerous in the bay
just before cold weather arrives. When

the bay freezes across, leaving a few open
air holes in the ice, the ambitious sports-
man has his opportunity. The ducks, with
no other grounds for feeding, fly eagerly
to the open patches and it is not even
necessary to set decoys. Sometimes they
crowd each other so that a well directed
volley will kill upward of a score at a dis
charge. But such practices are discouraged
by the real sportsrnen

At this season large numbers of black
ducks seek the salt water marshes along
the beach to feed at night Unless the
weather is boisterous, when they fly at an
earlier hour, the flight begins about sun-
down and is continued until after dark
While it does not continue for more than
half an hour, while it does last the shooting
is almost incessant and fifteen ducks is a
common bag. On moonlight nights the
flight continues until after midnight

But at night the ducks are hard to re-
trieve; and shooting at night has atendency

 

 

laws, |

to frighten them unduly and drive them to |

other feeding grounds

While most of the upland shooting on
Long Isiand is being conserved py clubs and
wealthy individuals, the duck shooting in
a greater part of the bay is still free to the
publie, and the number of yotaries of this
sporl is larger than that of any other on
the island

 

THE GAVE OF NEW JERSEY.
Few Partridges and qQuiall Left -You Wust
Be Content With Rabbits.

WarkRioo, N. J., Ort. 24.-In a
will be open game season in
and if hunters are willing to

Very
little while it
New Jersey,

content themrelves with rabbits, there is
fairly good port
Hunterdon counties

scarce that

in Sussex, Warren and
Quail and partridge
one

have beeome so or two to

counted fair suceess

each hunter in a day te

wlong the bird shooting line, though the
sporisinen woo get back Into the country,
away trom the railroads, find more birds
than the lazy chaps who do not faney a

walk or rougi ride over country roads into
the wilderness of New Jersey

Al, through the northwestern part of
the State there is promise of fairly good
rabbit shooting thin vear, as there is every
) following a mild winter of the year

  

Re lie

bepore Many os the hunters are who
come to these parts, the rabbit hunting
neers to be as good as it was a dozen or
Pyenty years ago, though hunters from

New York will find some diffieulty in taking
ganie the Stute, as the Jersey City
ond Moboken fernes are now carefully
sutihed

out of

DETR INCREASING NEAR ES,

piteet ot the New Protecttye Law in Jersey
(hangs. He sought

Ihe

Hill Hine

 

Phe KAR, * bij bees Be
Mit rem tA "1 Buick
Mav's J
hha diyay

tie wiping) al

nena
ya
iti tiv thew itn

plothe twelve
Kiver

With stories of thy

6 had oeowmsion to go
rig he

tite Ta have ret

Puckator
tariest
ng pronwmerd tacks and
he enOoUe red Chere All
“deer Mu ‘
Atlantv aod Durlogton couptier the woods

fiintd eyed lose

eh

ibe tated

thine the

jo tere ! ‘epee

men have seen more deer in the last two
months than have been viele before iia
Mena +

Vie ier li thee miariiie { abiinale
hae beri the peeull of the etre froteetive
law recentiy enmeted ty the Laeghelature
Now tlouat he mortar ave learned of
tha ‘ one f the tleor, they have

| cooked meat may go abroad

   

 

SS

become clamoroua for an Open sPasOD)
Under the existing law no coer can be
killed in New Jersey until Novernher, 1906,
and then only on one day esc. week during
that month. A strong effor! will be mace
to have the next Legislature change the
law, leaving the season open for a con-
tinuous week during November next year
and probibiting any one from killing more
than two of the animals during the open
seasol

There are raany sportsmen in (his sec-
tion of the State who are in favor of keep-
ing thé: season closed for at least five vears
Were the animals protected for that length
of time it is thought that they would
become as numerous as they were a quarter
of a century ago, when a hundred or more
were shot each season in Cape May and
Atlantic counties alone

Only a short time ago two wood chop:

pers working in a swamp near the village |

oft Dorothy, in Atlantic county,
across a fine buck, two does and two fawne
Game Warden Phiffer of Cumberland
county during recent trips through the
pines has seen a number of deer” Fven
with the closed season, deer are killed
every winter by native hunters whe have
no regard for the laws

 

 

EASY NOW TO TRAP BEARS.
Bruin's Laying On His Winter Bat, and
His Hunger is Prodigious.

LACHINE, Canada, Oct. 21.—Sime Latour
of Ottawa county hasa short cut to his pig-
sty through the floor of his barn, which is
contiguous to his hog house. By opening
a trapdoor and descending a short ladder
he saves himself the trouble of walking
around to the back of the barn and undoing
the heavy door, which is always kept well
fastened, because of the nearness of the
bush which surrounds his little clearing
on all sides

Being desirous of having a little sport
With the early-rising ducks on a lake not
very far away, he went out with a lantern
one morning before daylight to feed his
swine, Fortunately for him, he swung his
light through the trapdoor before going
down with his pail of swill and saw that his
ladder was not in its place. Knowing that
he had nailed it securely, he looked more
carefully about the pen to find out what
could have happened during the night to
disturb things, and after some examination
raced back again to the house for reen-
forcements.

Bidding his wife to hold the end of the
rope to which he had fastened it, he let the
light down some feet into the pen. Then
hastening around to the back he pushed
the muzzle of his heavy old-fashioned rifie
through the tiny window, sighted carefully
and fired. The shock of the explosion put
out the light, but from out of the darkness
came some wild struggling which showed
thar his aim had been true

When the relighted lantern was again
let down, Latour swung himself into the
pen, and announced that his bullet had
gone through the head, and done for the
biggest bear he had ever seen. Both pigs
were dead, too, murdered bythe marauding

t
ran |

 

| slope

  

along with hia nose to the ground, as i

often does. and catches the scent of the
human hand, he becomes cautious, and
though he may be lieking his lips % ith

Impatience to get to his feeding he is pretty
estigation, whict
earefoily
trap, anda subsequent stealing of
Old Ben Pretty ot
finding a tine yor
in bis littie vedge-shaped log pen. »
tray geipping him by the neck. He hed
covered the trick the man intendea to pay

certain to begin en in
will probably result in ¢ apsvzed

e batt

 

dewor iin his

ngued

the

ng lear lying st
i

sls

upon him. and in overturning the trap » wh
his snout lad contrived to throw biek
over his head, wit reault disastrous to
himself

On another ceeasicn, when the writer

accompanied Ben to where his trap was set

 

&@ large mink wes found calight in its Up-
lifted closed awe But the bait was gone
Lvidentiy a bear Lad come to the pace

after the mink had Leen nipped, had figured |

the thing out, and cecided that the ste«
monster could injure only one ereature at a
time, and might when sprung be passed
over with impunity

But even thougl
soon as he espies th
epeed, ds We oiten does af
rightinto the trap, é
gener Comes mito Pi
@icse Upon lis legs hea retrograae
movement instarty. 1 strap Vas
tionary his immense strength would at the
first shock pull the captured bimb from
its hold at whatever cost to fleas or sinew
Bui as it is fastened by w stout chain to a
good-sized log, and moves readiiy, be
makes off, trap and a!!, 48 well as he iay

As an illustration of the power and eun-
ning of the bear, there is a well authentt-
cated case in which a trapper aftertwo days
chase came up with a bear a good many
miles from where the trap had heen set
The poor brute had been caught by both
fore feet. and wes travelling through a
dense bush in an upright position, the log
dragging behind with half its length and
weight off the ground depending upon the
chain, whieh was firmiy held between the
bear's teeth to relieve the strain upon the
wounded paws

As a rule, a captured bear pinioned by a
front leg marches in an erect position,
carrying the log over his shoulder at the
to avoid the entanglements of the
bush, and in spite of the weight of trap,

the hungry brute as
bait may mn at fu

this time of ve

 

  
 

diveet.y the spring

He be

  

slue

chain and log, will cover three or four miles ,

at a gate equal to the fast walk of a man
before resting. If he fears pursuit, he
climbs a tree, dragging chain and log after
him, his wonderful strength making nothing
of 400 or 600 pounds of a restraining dead
weight

It is seldom that such an 4
a wounded bear as was witnessed
in the Laurentian mountains, A hunt
found his bear hanging suspended by one
yaw in a great birch Somehow he
2ad missed his footing, probably while
trying to dislodge the drag log, which had
become wedged among the branches, and

cident befalls
lately

er

 

 

tree

falling, had swung about in midair until
life had departed
When tHe chain is long it is not very un-

{ usual to find that the entrapped bear has

visitor, and one of them was partly de- |

voured,
spoke lightly when interviewed by a trav-
elling sportsman

He had 400 pounds of bear meat which he
declared
a quantity of grease for which there is
always a great demand at a high price,
and a well furred hide, almost prime in

Of this loss, however, the farmer |

was “just as better as salt pork,” |

quality, early though the season is, for |

which he smilmgly refused his visitor's
offer of $15.
No doubt the bear entered the hog pen

early the previous evening by Latour’s

| Short cut, and in his chase after pork, had

knocked away the Jadder, thus cutting off
the possibility of retreating by the way
he had come in.

At this season of the year bears take many
chances to satisfy their cravings of hunger,
instinetively induced by the anticipation
of the long fasting season of hibernation
During the next few weeks the creatures
will lay on several inches of fat just inside
of their skin,
of their existence in the long winter months.
It is not unusual to find that bears killed
just as they are denning up, have nine
inches of fat stored away upon theshoulders
and ribs.

This abnormal appetite of the bear is
what the hunter who is on the
for his fur coat just at this time of year
trades upon, Early in the season the cau-
tion and deliberation of the brute make
it almost impossible to get him into a trap,
but it is possible in the late autumn to take
advantage of his necessities.

Many hunters try to attract him by
his traditional love of a dinner of fish
Bullpout, eels, suckers, or any other old
thing the waters may furnish in sufficient
numbers to make a good big string, are
hung by the fireside for a day or two, or
exposed to the sun at the side of the farm
buildings. When their perfurne becomes
really loud they are fit for ume.

Or a porcupine or some other animal is
shot and roasted in a fire near the place
where the trap is to be set, care being taken
to cook it well, 50 that the aroma of the
Sometimes
fish are fried or grilled near where the trap
Anything which smells like a good
dinner will do to bring the hungry bear
to the locality. He will scent a fine roast
nearly a mile away

On one oceasion the cook in a Jumberers'
shanty had left his fresh meat cooking in
a covered pot over the fire while he took
his gun and set out to meet the returning
choppers, with the intention of shooting
a few partridge by the way. As the gang

1s Ser

, approached the shanty they heard curious

! to gulp down, thou

noises, and, cautiously peeping in, were
surprised to find a big bear dancing about
on his hind legs

The hardy fellows managed to kill the
visitor and found that the reason for his
yambollings was the burning of the skin
from his forepaws. ‘The hungry beast
had swung the covered pot with the meat
from over the fire toward him, torn off the
topand clawed out the Jumps of seorch-
ing jiot meat, all of which he had managed
his throat and stom-
ach must have been badly burned

Having appealed to his olfactories, the
next step is to prepare a proper reception
for the bear The trap whether, as rome-
firges, (hough very seldom in this age, a
deadfali, mad that the trunk of a large
tree may eruon the creature to death, or
a jointed rin of steel like a big rat trap—
must be set so that the bear can approach
it from only one direetion

Usually a little stockade is built of loge,

With an opening in one direction only
Al this time of year, when the desire to
wtisfy ois hunger is paramount with Che
bear, no attempt need be made to conceal
the stockade, andl the eleel trap is pated
some dull, dark eolor, ora few leaves ora
litthe earth seattered over it, no further
concealment Will be bpeoemmary The bait
astring of fish ov roasted meat, lies or hangs

just beyoud the tras

Cyne uned to tether a
mrniiell poi une the right plage aod Keep it in a
coudition by denying it food

too effective, for more

POCDe ent a liee

myleuliy
Kut the lure
than ono Dene, feanng the pig would es
cape them, leaped right over the (rap, and
in the peuffle which eosued uncovered
ibor pushed it amide

Experience laaches (Thal extrene care ie
necewmry ii one parGievian in setting a
trap) The hunter should alwaye wear stout
gloves or For if the bear come

Wie

mi letie

which will be the mainstay |

tethered himself by allowing it to become
twisted around trees

SAVED BY AN ECHO.

A Tract Where Deer Are Plenty, but Few
Are Killed by Visttors.

TILDEN, Me., Oct, 24.- Between

Hil) Stream and Beech Hijl Mountain is a

wide intervale thiekly wooded and abound- |

ing in deer, though mone has been shot
on the tract for five or six years.

Men who came to town with letters certi-
fying they were dead shots have gore to this
piece of forest land and hunted for Gays,
and though thev frequently
none of them has brought down his gare
Local residents) who are used to deer shool-

have fired

ing say there are deer enough on this tract
of 5,000 acres to load a train of box cars;
and they declare that there is no trouble
in killing them

This season Amaziah Gray, a guide who
ted in many States, took
new the Beech Hill
and led him through the woods for
davs, comming in every night
sore but

has hur out a

hunter to preserve
two
tired and foot
game of any kind The
bad luck isitor after a
time, and When he had
gone Gray told the reason of his failure

without
discouraged the
he went away

“Tr ix all due to a plague-gone echo,”
said Gray
hunts deer, of course

“You know how

When he sees one

| running through the woods he fires off

lookout |

i greenhorn knows just what hus

his gun in the air, which seares the deer
and eases him to stop and listen

“While the deer is standing ard trying
to make out the cause of the noise the new
hunter has time to take good aim and elioor

Under ordinary conditious more (han 200
fat deer should be killed on that lot every
year, but things are so arranged that we
are lucky if we can secure five or six
“The whole trouble is due to a meddle-
some echo which lives over on the side of
Beech Hill Mountain, and has to speak
ime and speil all the fur
hunter shoots off his

 

gun in the air to make the deer stop and |

look about him, he expects to have time
to jack out the empty shell from his rifle,
bring a ful! shell forward to the barre!
and put his gun to his shoulder and take

 

aim. It is good reasoning and it would |
work ‘most anywhere bul here

“You see, when the hunter shoots lap |
gun to call the attention of the deer the |

noise Goes not stop within rifle range, bur
keeps travelling right along until it hits
the side of the mountain, where that low
down echo catches it and fires it back
“Before the hunter is in shape to do any
shooting, the echo report, which has jumped
back from the mouttain, bas returoed to
where the deer is standing, ard as
as the animal hears the Round itis
that some danger isaround,and before the
happened

 

Boo!

sure

the deer is off into the next town
‘You will never be able to shoot any
deer on that Jot until somebody goes outand

  

 

 

nee

i of his native inteni- ;

| shorter
| markable
wipe off the slate all old marks for the |

| favorable.

Beech |

a greenhorn |

m rv - we

THE SUN, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1

a

|

NEW RECORDS OF ATHLETES.

| SPASON OF 1903 A PROLIFIC ONE
ON TRACK AND FIELD.

 

Grant's Twe Wiles the Best Contest of the
Year -Shrubb's Wonder! u! Wark In Eng-
| land Duites, Clapp, De Witt, Beek.
(Glass and Gardner the Cracks Here.

lhe
| sports i

track and field
year of 1908

outdoor seston it

how at an end, and the

 

 

 rrtast reckomd with the <uccessful ones
" hustory li is true that the
records ine maijorntv of the stancard events

not t

 

ave disturbed, tut this ie not to

 

hat

| at, when it is remembered
ol ehomplionship events the marks
now sel “ere limit cf lLuman
But, taken all around, the per-
formances this

Mose to the
| prowess

ear were of a high order,

{ ,
j and besides @ host of new records were ret
| up for ocd events and distances

One thing noticeable about this vear's

j athletics was the absence of a phenomenal
performer in either running, jurnping or

weight throwing, and this, too, had some-
thing to do with the searcity of new markt
for established contests
was Duffey inthe sprints, but he has to be
regarded aS au “absentee,” for after a
meleoric display at the Intercollegiate
championships he skipped to England and
stayed there till his speed was spent

In modern athletics. sprinting is always
the most popular event on the programme
and the teature most eagerly watched by
the spectators, so it is entitled to the premier
place in a review of the past. The record
of @ 8-5 seconds for the 100 vards received
no sheek, but long-standing marks for
distance were attacked with re-

vigor. This aggressiveness to

40 vards and distances thereabouts de-
veloped principally at indoor meets, where
board floors and other conditions were
The neighborhood of Roston was
especially noted for this onslaught on the 40
yard record, and it was 60 frequently suc-
cessful that the record authorities waxed
wary of all new records accomplished at
the Hub

Farly i: Jamuary the Boston A. A. held
a meet in Mechanics’ Hall, at which E. L.
Thompson of Amherst College covered 40
yards in 43-5 seconds, figures equalling
the world’s record held by several. How-
ever, a little investigation revealed the fact
that there was something wrong with the
timing and starting, and the claim for the
record was not even filed with the 4. A. U.
At the Boston A. A. meet on March 14, the
40-vard mark was subjected to more an-

noyanee, and this time at the hands of
(a tyro named R. J. Leonard of Newton
| High School. He won the first heat in

the record again, but he was
| F. Doyle of Worcester High
! School in the final in 44-5 seconds. That
| ix, he varied something like two vards for
|

| 43-5 seconds,
beaten by J.

this distance in a period of about an hour,
| and the fact clearly showed that there
was something wrong somewhere. Right
j on the heels of this sprint came another
which furnished another glaring
{ instance of “charming variety” in timing
| and starting. J. F. Dovle, who beat Leon-

| event

ard in the “forty,” ran the 45-vard hurdle |

the second heat and
made by F. B.

53-5 seeonds in
record

jin
this equalled the

|
| Scheuber of Boston at Boston in 1899 and |

similar fate awaited

efell Leonard, for in

But a

as that which

1891 Doyle

the

the time being 54-5 seconds. Strong
claims were put in by the Bostonians for
the record, but the A. A. U
regarded thein seriously.

people never

In the vicinity of New York the 40-vard |

sprint record came in for some attention

} On April 14, at the games of the Sixty-ninth |

Regiment, Frank Rickart and Po J. Walsh, |
| both of the New York A. C., covered the |
| distance in 43-6 seconds. Although in re-
| eeipt of seven feet start in the 50-yard

| handicap, Riekart did not win, and this cast

suspicion on both performances, and they

wil never go on the record annals. The

mighty Duffy, who is one of the joint holders

of the record for this distence, had a shy
| at it himself on Saturday, Feb. 1, at Philadel-
The watcher showed 43-5 seconds, but
| it was sald that he was shot off his mark.
| On being questioned about it, Duffy him-

self admitted that the starter was a trifle
With Amsler of Pennslyvania
Duffy tried again a [ittle later, but the
attempt not productive of anything
startling. The Georgetown man's ability
over short distances was shown at the Boys?’
Latin Sehool sports, at Baltimore, on May 2.
| The distance here was 75 yards, and thetime
returned 1-5 Thus was
beaten the old record of 7 3-5 seconds, made
by Luther Cary in 1891 and B. J. Wefers in
1896. But Duffy's attempt was not in regu-
lar competition, he being only paced by a
! eouple of schoolboys, so the record must
the
! Coast another man tried the shorter sprints

| nhia

‘careless

was

was 7 seconds.

into oblivion Out on

Diss
| Abadi of Leland Stanford University suc-

seconas, a

| ceeded in running over the 50 yards in 5 3-5 |
|
|

good performance, and very

clone to the record of 51, seconds, made

| alrnost twenty years ago by the late L. E
Mevers

Aithough first

| class performances in the 220,440, 880 yards

were no

there were numerous

there records, and
the most

of the year At the

and mile
only in the
notable running feat

new

two miles oceurred

Of course, there |

|
|
| final he was beaten a yard by J. J. Healy, |
|
|

Pacific |

90%.

  

 

 

 

 

|

PIANOS

*OR more than half
* 4 century charac-
terized by a dis-
linctive tone - quality—

| rich, pure and sympa-

| thetic.

Indursed by leading mu-

siclans

Catajoeue melied upon request

| The WEBER PiANO COMPANY
108 Fifth ov .. New York
608 Fulton >t Brook‘ yn,

         

Wax Shrubb, occupying the post of
houor The course is a grase one, but
distance men and other pedestrians say
they prefer it to cinders. Every precau-
tion was taken to insure correctness in every
detail connected with the competition,
for Shrubb declared he was in prime con-
dition and would go for the record. H. W.
King, the club's secretary, had the track
surveyed and four expert timers were in-
vited, A fleld of nine besides Shrubb him-
self turned out on the track, with handi-
caps ranging from 149 to 200 yards. Shrubb
got away with the pistol and began at a great
pace, getting ower the first quarter in
59 seconds, His time at
minutes 6 seconds, and he was gaining on
the limit men at every stride. Shrubb
reached the three-quarters in 3 minutes
1644 seconds, and the mile was reeled
off in 4 minutes 264-5 reconds, and then
the South Londoner was leading. From
there on he had to cut out his own pace,
but he kept going and reached the mile and
| three-quarters in 8 minut’s 4 3-5 seconds,
| where it that he was 3 3-5
| seconds inside the old world’s record, py
W. G. George. There was great excite-
ment among the spectators, who
aged the runner at every stride, and he
kept gamely on, covering the last quarter
in 1 minute 61-5 seconds. Thus the time
for the entire distance was 9 minutes 11
seconds, knocking all records, amateur
and professional, sky high. It was the
greatest piece of distance running seen
since Aug. 1, 1868, when, at. Manchester,
England, Bill Lang, the profeerienal, ran
the two miles in 9 minutes 11! seconds;
and it completely dwarfed +
record, which was 9 minutes 17 2-5 seconds,
by W. G. Georwe, at Stamford
London, on April 26, 1881

There ia a rule in the English A. A. A.
against the acceptance of grass records,
but Shrutb’s new figures were so remark-
able that Bailey & Co, surveyors, of
London, were sent out to take a special
meesirement of the track in order that
i there should be no question about the per-
| formance The surveyors found that,
| measuring twelve inches from the edge ot
| the track, each lap was a shade over eight
| inches shert of its stated measurement.
|
\
|
|
'

Was seen

encour-

 

 

 

 

 

 

That is, in the eight inns required to make
the two miles there was a shortage of 72
inches altogether, and the recerd could net
beaccepted, An estimate of the two yards by
competent judges allowed that it wax one-
| fifth of a se cond and that, anyway, Shrubb
| broke Lang's old record, Nothing daunted
by this piece of ill luck Shrubb tried again,
and in early September, at Stamford
Bridge, his time was minutes 17 seconds for
the two miles, but he was not in such trim
as in the spring

On May 23, when he was about rounding
into shape, Shrubbset up new figures for
the three miles at Stamford Bridge. His
firme was li min 3-5 seconds, against
| the old record of 14 minutes 24 seconds, by
| Sidney Thomas op June 3, 1894. The Amer-
|

 

     

ites 17

ican record is 14 minutes 59 seconds, by the

late W. D. Day at Bergen Point, May 30,

1890.

The relay meet at Penrsyivania, always
poted for new records, passed this year
without anything notable Leing aceem-
plished, ar d, in fact, the relay races here

 

and there throughowt the country were not
productive of anything new, There was
one exception, however, but this was for
an odd distance, At the Besron A. A
games, in February, the Amberst College
velay teamn, composed of Faton, Hubbard,
Taylor and Thompson, ran 1,560 yards In
| 3 minutes 9 seconds. For the distance, this
is a new Atuerican record,
In the hurdling Gepartment the marks
} set up by Kraenvlein have remained inti
} for the 120-vard high sticks and the 2
! yard low obstacles, but at other distances
| there have been a few changes. F,W. Schule
and M. Boekman, both of whom figured in
the A. A. UU nerional championships this
year, equalled the figures for the 75-vard
high jiurdies at the incoor championships
of the Central Association of the A.A UU The
} time was 10 seconds, equalling the previous
| mark, made by F. S. Maloney at the same
| meet in 190!. L.G. Blackmer, the Williarns
at ines ; a
| College erack, was the author of a new
|
!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

reeord for the 70-yard event, The hurdles
were 2 feet 6 inches high, and were six in
i number The first obstacle was placed
fifteen vards from the start, and the last
| one fifteen vards from the tape, and Black-
{ rrer's tite Was8 3-5seconds This ts hardly

as good a performance as that of Stephen

Chase for the same distance. At Bostcn,
March 10, 1891, Chase, over five hurdles
3 feet 6 inches high, elor ked 0 1-5 seconds,

land it still occupies a place on the record
tables At the i}
| May 30 1b. T. Clapp of

egiate

Yale «

Interco Ineet oon

reared ao bew

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

the half was 2 |

amateur |

Bridge, |

kills that echo. Mark what J teil you fall meetingofthe New York AC at Travera | world’s record for the Wt yards He 5
a ae a ied | ; - ; uo hack a var ‘ tulse start in e
z wk | Island, Alee Grant, formerly of the Unie | bul be h N 1 for it Talae a | '
HUNTING WITH BISULPHIDE, : ; ohn } , final of the 120-vard high hurdles, ber this
versity of Pennsylvania, but now of the ) ‘
cclbcegntaieiciertoneest , did not prevent Im fron winging tt be
& Maine idea That Gives No Chance to a, New York A.C, ran the two miles on) ashing cime of 15 9-5 see rds. which nas
Woodehuck to Meeape Q minutes 272-5 seconds, supplanting the be regarded ams the best bir of hurdling
FRANKFORT, Me, Oct. 24. The men who former American record of @ minutes 82), , dove e yeu Phe oid ries re fet
at ' : f ' ; ete ality Was 10 seconds \
hunt woodehucks for food and have no seconds by the late Wo PD Day at Berkeley | re sd ot i ad i; in : BY ; 7 F
; ; a . a me 2 | onelae a ” ilé a dint ie elij os,
regard for the ethies of sport lave quit Oval, May 17, 1890) When Grant started | Montreal in J©So Cope” vas a chamy ion
carrying guns and rifles to the field, having | 7 Win this race he did not seem tobe moving | at beating the pun, but he flew ittle too
found that a bottle of earbon birulphide , 1 record form, and loped by the mile post | soon ard we penalized a yurd He |
will slay more woo chucks in a day tl in 4 mintites 44 2-5 seconds Phe further | managed ' Gat BI eves hreak on the start
, ee Lis Stare hes lon the serone any t
aomfe with a good marksman behind it) Me wy however, the better he neemed to Phree-Jeg or Siainese pacing has always !
can kill in a wee Hhe'earbon biauiphide | BO; Ana It was only & couple of Japs from) peen a fad at indoor meets and indulgence |
method gives the woodehuck no chanee ) One that it was seen he had a chanee | jn the rather dangerous exercise brovgtt
for sea pe for record figures Then the oaches | out a few records this fhe first of
ae
} i s ) 1 j “k | thes Hite ter Tight é goines of the
Loug experience wit he downward | Yoke him up and ticking to his work I winth aes he) ieee Rhee as
tendenew of rminnings wate w led tt nobly he breasted the tape in the time Pilwads | Re oA fhe J ‘

\ nn i “i ‘ lalwarde i} t i i
woodchucks to dig the rholes in the side oi mlaternd It was by long ouce a better rane | second Regimeia can Bo vir it ” er
sleer tills uid to trake ' rower go. tha Day's, for the Jatrer had W Po ender Whe recorg WAS RB meets
straight in for five or six ieet and (hen take Young the crack Enghsbman, and \ by (RB aay dix a rh yeu New

; A thy to rE b } t 4 : York city, tM 1, DSthe > geines of the
a sharp turn upward After that the | cee ea Se ee ee Oy ED eoaninh War Securie Bergen Beas
burrow crope for a foot or more and en- | gait, while Gran! ao 1Q plug Oway at ble} 7, 7 ga othe rrortinity to Pal
Jarges into w wide tert which ia lined.| own pace Davis ee oceurred at the | wards and arly distinguish) thermelves
With gpurasses ana poll leave epling joeting of the Berkeley A SWwhieh | and thin tine in the 100 vards it
ith dases an Olt leas er
now \ , ) te ’ , | seen ‘ i Kelne Ie 2
yung these cool day® of tate uti is POW Hul wo WeMmory, ane M covered the aan i | td. ALAr if
pt | jnuler NO lef a : > f N
the woodehuchs are growiig mlerpy and Mt mile in 4 i shee U6 Ih Racondy, 49 West Brighton ten tstend |
do not eome ouleide of (heb dene, excep maintained bib elamina pretty well to the bmw) At the ! ok tat 4
ip the widdle of the utierneas id thet | mile and theae-quarters mark, the time | ¢ on Kel 2 ‘ mat oO
5 short Cine. Cental finel ‘ beg & toiniiter 1s I-f seconde, whiel te | @tbletes of U | ' aie it
ony fh BIO i ‘ ’ , Aniericul record After that ond a eve ” Pp ' a if
Tile ait) tome, the intere a enced Oo & A ” ‘ wt odie 1 thie diate ner t) figure
otha ie hole so lean J lreait euvened, and i took iin J minute 18 Bb), saldial) a re ;
vd cdisca { | al ye mecomdnm fol ie laa quarter, ib hevertie fait rin i hierged
Having i ki | { th ( hue 4
bo the pele (hie Pitadite ’ | ' side | feme he fadelied ji record time eniue nt ' 1 y if
of the bole with aPC HG Rods, att, OPT ng However good theme perforinances aj Ya Ie ' PEA PA nil
ae bar (hrough the foot of the dwelling : , the ivfice '
acupful of «arbe boimvilpelidee poled i pear, both ape poor whey compared with to nionepoliae the pert '
the hunter then gors to the next bole | the wonderful work of the Baghshinan | fayimville, Is \ . {
wnd vereidte the ope flor the cote Jifred Bhrabboof the Pouth London Ware | 10 pot ‘ seem al h
of an hour of mo bee Cotte lia und it rere, the one, four and ten mile champion | fanue of 220 vardr | ' 49 4
yooving the earth trom Che entrances Nrice t ( rie end Pie torres pil i ) ee
' seated Phi Brats jpeet the .
the body of the dead woodelhuek ‘ sep f | " fee ne | by GR Preetos .t » ond
This system of hunting hae raduced the | Word inher i both the two wud three | idey Again at me boule | . iene i"
price of woodebuck flerh uitll it ie ae eluap | miles, but at the former distances te pare | with new figures bia nice of 14 potatoes
ue heef's liver, and every faroily ip gettin ticularly excelled On May $0, af the [ford | 4 feet apart, the dintanor beng am vane
ready to trees 4 rape ieee opong 1) Bports grounde, the tenes Beagles gaye his time Was BO) eeconde, Bubp loti the ‘
to furtieh @ esupply of frowl meat for all : mark of bh meconde hy © J Cary at Kocher
winter Tf the praetion ie continued for their twelfth annual athlete meet, aga the Juer, NY, dune 6, 1677
another year, there will not bea live woods | Programine contained & (wodrnle Wivilte | Of late years the tilereollegiaie (iaek
ehuck in Waldo ovr tion flat handicap Among the entries | and fleld meet hoe Leen bolted tor ile record

 
  

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTIBEMNENTS.

An RRA AA ARAAAAASAAAAL AAA AAAS

| Furniture and Carpets.
!

A marked individuality is notable throughout our unigue
assortment of Farnitere and Carpetings. Our designs are
quiet and tasteful, and the sterling quality of both lines is
amply represented in the newe$t and best examples from
|e ai
merica’s Monthly Magasine
For Sportsmen
By Sportsmen

 

the foremost manufacturers of medium and high grade
Furniture and Carpets in America. For the coming week
we shall continue to offer a great diversity of special num-
bers at genuine price reductions. We cite the following few
quotations, with the assurance that our warerooms present
scores of other attractions in finer grades, all of which are
equally inviting.

Furniture Price Reductions.

Dining Chairs at| Handsome Chiffonters, all woods,
$1.75, a at $3.00, were; at $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00,
$2.50, $3.50 and $4.50. were $22.50, $30 and $37.50.

d Oak Extension Tables at; Mahogany Bureass at $40.00,
12.00, O16 00 and $20.00, | ree and $68.50. were $55,
were $16.50, $22.50 and $30. Pei ero an a
Well made Bareaus, all woods, | s 00, $6.50 and
af $17 50,,$22-50 and $28.50, rH were $6, $9.50 and
were oD, '°
Quartered Oak Sideboards of
Bras Beds at $20.00, $27.50 and 20.00, i
at io wan (50:00 61Waad| Yo sient
$57.50. Serviceable Parlor 8 ,
Oak Chine Closets at $19.60, |" solld | mahogany ays fle,
$30.00 and $41.50, were$28.50,| $53.50, $75.00 and $100.00,

Carpet Price Reductions.

Best Tapestry at 65c., were $1.00|Finest Wilton Veldets at -$3:15,
per yard. ‘were $1.65 per yard.
Durable Velwets at 85¢., were| Highest grade Smyrna Rugs, 9212,
$1.20 per yard. is Pig ites] were $30,
Five Frame Body Brussels at $1.00, Linoleams at $1.20,
aere $1.40 per ao eine de ahaa:
rior Axminsters at $1.10, were elom— e ton Rags
OOo ier ga 9212, at $28.50, were $35.

Quartered

B. G LATIMER & SONS CO,,

Fulton Street and Flatbash Avence, Brooklyn.

 

 

 

 

SAAR OAS

YS
ed :
5 OUT!

FIELD AND_STREAM’S

BIG GAME N Uitte

Moose, Elk. weer Hunting: ais0 suall game; and stories WORTH READING! If your newsdealer {s ov!
send l4c.!n stamps to the publishers: Jobn P. Burkhard Corporation, 35 W. 2ist St., New York; or, better
yet, $1.50 for a year's subscription, starting with above number. The NEXT number will be a grand hol!
day Issue, In itself worth the year’s putes of subseription, and it will also begin the account of our much.
hereided Amazon Exploring Fapedition across the Conunent of South America.

CAMPLS*. WITHOUT AN AXE IS EASIER THAN BEING A SPORTSMAN WITHOUT THE AID OF

E'IESI.D ann STREAM

 

 

 

 

Running two hops and jump. 50 feet ‘44 Inch; D.
Shanahan.

Pole vault, 11 feet 1044 inches; R. G. Clapp.

Three standing Jumps, 38 feet; J. Chandler.

PROFESSIONAL.

performances, but this year no new figures
appeared, though there were a lot of first
class achievements, the most notable being
thet of Schutt of Cornell in the two-mile
His time was 9 minutes 40 seconds,

run
ripi t ri et y i 100-yard-run, 9 4-5 seconds, H. Bethune.
wiping all previous intercollegiate and ne 5
ipl AN serra a the pater Back ce | GA 7MTuCnn alta eeanie, CS tMama
‘ale, in the shot, eclipsed all previous BHO yard run, 1 minute 53l4 seconds, F. Hewett.
marks for collegians by propelling the 1 mile run, 4 minutes 124 seconds, W. G. George.
16-pound sphere the gra nd distance of 2 mile run, Sines 14 seconds, W. Lang.
46 feet. Gardener of Syracuse, who pole- ' mine a a TaN tee B ge eee ea ee
vaulted 11 feet 73; inches, made new col- 10 mile run, 21 minutes 6 3-5 seconds, W. Cum-

legiate and intercollegiate figures. mings.
The field events, while at all times first | 12:pound paminer 1s, rete ene T. Carroll.
’ ae ° ea “po ; i 7 ‘ou.
class this vear, did not Furnish the we) 12_pound shot, 80 feet 1 inch, J. McPherson.
crop of records John Flanagan was rather 16-pound shot, 44 feet & Inches, Owen Duffy
no time did 56-pound weight, 30 feet 8 Inches, J. Cameron

   
 

slack in the weights and at k. d weight for helgh we

he come within feet of his old mark, De $8 pound weight for height, 14 feet, J. Maxwel!

Witt of Princeton landed the hamrner for ETUC WIA A Ra AGIA Y LIER Ce Sune eer He Gan
Standing high jump, 4 feet 11 Inches, H. Andrewe

the longest pitel of the season by sending
it 185 feet 9 inches in the Colurnbla-Prince- | 3
ton dual meet on May 16, and this besides
being the collegiate record, proved the
best throw of the year. At cdd events
in the weights there were a couple of old
marks shattered. The Tailtin games at
Celtic Park on Labor Day brought these
to the surface, J. 8. Mitchel of the New | tothe fore with new records, The spring
York A. C. slung the 56-pound weight with | season had not been far advanced whe:
one hand, unlimited run and follow, 38 feet | Misa Lydia Carpenter of the State Norma
5 inches, and this beat both the American | School at Plattsburg jumped a height o°
and the world’s records —the latter of which | 4 feet 21, inches, and it war afterwards
was 38 feet 1 inch, being by T. F. Kiely of | equalled, on May 16, by a Vasaar gir!
Carrick-on-Suir, lipperary, Ireland. | yfiss Helen Wood. But Miss Carpente

Mitchel made alsoa new American record | was a bit jealous of her reputation, and
with the 42-pound stone, the distance pees June she cleared 4 feet 43-10 inches, putting
eer Rb, inches, against the old recors the question of supremacy Gaede inal
o4 feet 72 inches, made by him at Bay- | doubt for the time being, “At the Vassa
onne in 1888 field day, besides the high jump record °°
A sensational performance in the pole | Miss Wood, Miss Gardner cleared 14 fer’
vault was accomplished by H. Thurman ; 6', inches in the running broad jump
Chapman of Drake University, Des Moines, | and 7 feet 7 inches in the standing hroa|
la. At the spring meet of this institution | jump. Other records made at Vassar were
220-vard run, 30 3-5 seconds, Miss Agne-

Running high jump, 5 feet 11 inches, M. Johnson,
West and E. Yardy
Standing broad Jump, 12 feet 114 Inches, J. Darb:
Running broad jump,23 feet 1 Inch, L. A Carpenter
i Standing hop, step and jump, 31 feet 10!nehes,G
alt
Running two hops and jump, 48 feet 6 Inches,
T. Burrows

During the year some girl athletes were

 

  

 

Chapman vaulted 12 feet, but the feat waa |

dou» on his filth trial, so the record ! Wood; 100-yard run, 13 1-5 seconds, Mis-
cannot be accepted. Martin Bheriden | Tanne James, and $0-yard rir, f 3%
made a new record of 131 feet 7 inches | seconds, Miss Agnes Wood

on July &, but as there was no tron ring ——

around the circle the record was rejected |

racing finds a place now and again,
eat-

sack
and a new record formed one of the

ures of the sport Robert Mercer of the |
Sixty-tifth Regiment of Buffalo ran $5 |
yards in % 1-6 meconds, beating the old |
record mate ty him in 100! '
RN. Williams of Cambridge, Mase, |
earned rome fameon Aug 7 by making a MASTER PIANO PLAYER
He inane 1hvet tng nee hich | CONCERT GRAND.
inches bevond the old recore |
be ee rae fee ne ereraae| A marvel! Plays the en-
amaieur, threw the discus 15 teet Binches, | tire Keyboard of a seven
) making a new professional mark Tt wae 5 Rl ts
said that Denis Mahoney of Boston threw and one-third octave Piano.
the so-pound weight 97 feet 7 iar’ mat | Produces orchestral effects
he ONGH AD BStre HOD RCRA Oo) that no one except a great
lowing is a lst of the amateur and pro pianist can ever hope to se-
ERICA I: PARDES LOHRRR ADE LAE BAR | cure. The APOLLO CON-
uti tu 6d ute amourecbuay. | Mei) GRR Ome EW eR
ry ararun ci toweonds BI Meters | pvethee more notes than
ne eee the largest piano player evel
be Fra Pin RAR 7) built. Man,womanorchid
a ; eA ETO ENE can play it, It has noprod
y oee ee sine ecessor or Successor |!
re epee ‘stands masterfully alone. |!
on gives Life—- Time sery
1 bury reconis © + wrsensieln | aNd Life--Time — pleasut
mF oun | It has perfect interpreratsse
ok ay nagat mdividuality, wealll
; j il ny Paks accuracy Of tone, tec hi
, Ae IAN purity and astononing 4
ability,
| m APOLLO COMPANY
Me FOL Pitty Ave, Bet 170h de Heth!
ao és : ae Be NEW YORH
Courts ANDERGOW & CO,
pe . OB ARE te j70 Vulton Street, Brooklyn, 7

 

seo bang pre gigs a” Cling tt gee ae ain he

i i eee