FSR

Sit <3

a IRIE RN NN NSS CARO LR ee CIRRR SNS

 

Sumeeehe eas acne tema!

Se eee

ne

«the United States has notified

NOREASON TO FEAR OUR NAVY.

SO A RUSSIAN NEWSPAPER SAYS
VERY PLAINLY.

 

American Demands and Threats “Need

Not Partioularly Alarm Either Europe |

er Asia’—sSurprise That Authorities
Permitted So Open a Declaration,

Spectat Cable Despatch to TAR SUN

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—OfMicial information
regarding the Far Eastern crisis is more
pacific, but that usually accurate barometer |
of such situations, the Stock Exchange, |
persists in indicating the gravest forebod- ,
ings. Assurance of peaceful intentions ,
from both Russian and Japanese sources |
are so insistent as to suggest the attitude
of opposing Powers on the eve of more than
one great war inthe past. The comparison
may easily prove deceptive. The weight
of opinion in European diplomatic circles, |
in fact, inclines to the belief that the struggle
will yet be averted, temporarily at least.

It ts tncreasingly significant that the
attitude of the United States is everywhere
studied with the keenest interest. It is
frankly admitted, according to despatches |
from St. Petersburg, that Russia is awaiting |
with great anxiety the result of the diplo-
matio communications, which it is known
are passing daily between Washington,
London and Tokio.

It is clear also that Russia recognizes
that the United States will be at least in-
actively hostile to her cause in any conflict
with Japan. The Buassian Government is
also trying to persuade itself that it can
ignore the danger of any active defence
of American rights in the Far East. In
no other way can the following remarkable
utterance which the Novoe Vremya was |
permitted to make this week be interpreted.

“Amériean statesmen realize the ap-
proaching danger of collisions with trans-
oceanic Powers and therefore are insisting
upon a rapid enlargement of their navy.
At present this navy is, although consider-
able, not large enough to attain the objects
desired and the Powers of the Old World
are not compelled to reckon very seriously
with the United States. Their real force is
not very great. It is only when they
Possess a navy that will command the
ocean epparating the old from the new
world that the Americans will be able not
merely to proclaim their rights, but also to
demand the recognition of them. This
will not be soon, and in the meantime Ameri-
can demands and threats nead not par- |
ticularly alarm either Europe or Asia.” |

This is an undisguised declaration that
American rights anywhere need not be re-
spected because the United States is unable
to defend them. No utterance could ex-
press more clearly or frankly the cynical
unscrupulousness of the Russian policy.
The wonder is that the Russian authorities
allow it to be avowed so openly and that
apparently they have no fear of the effect
upon high spirited people of so flagrant
and contemptuous a defiance.

It. is interesting to note that Secretary
of War Root. while in London has not been
reserved in the expression of his opinion
that the United States should not hesitate
to defend to the uttermost her treaty rights
in the Far East.

RUSSIAN REPORT UNTRUE.

No Statement From This Country That We
Are Not Interested in Manchuria,
Special Cable Desputch to Tue SUN.

COLOGNE, Oct. 24.—A despatch from St.
Petersburg to the Cologne (ruzetle says that

Russia

 

\

|
that the latter’s request to China that the ;
date of her evacuation of Manchuria be |
postponed is no concern of the American |
Government. |

The Viedomosti expresses the opinion that |
Japan will not complete her warlike prepa- |
rations until spring. It urges the Govern-
ment to make the necessary preparations
in the meantime and not to yield an inch
from its present standpoint.

The Novoe Vremya in strong language
denies the statement printed in English |
newspapers that the Dual and ‘lriple al- |
liances have ceased to exist, and that they
have been rep.aced by an alliance of
England, France and Italy. It affirns that
both are in full vitality. It declares that it
only needs an important event invoiving
the defence of both Russia and France to
demonstrate fully the strength and extent
of the Dual Alliance.

WasHINGTON, Oct. 24.--An authoritative
denia] is given by the State Department
to the St. Petersburg report that Russia
hag been j.formed by the United States
Governm: .t that it was not concerned in
Rugala' .ttempt to get China to agree to
a postonement of the Russian evacuation
of China. The denial is positive and un-

 

 

 

CABINET OFFICERS RETURNED.

Three of Balfour's New Associates Retain
Their Seats.

“" Gpecial Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—Three members of the
rétenstructed Cabinet, who had to stand
for reelection, have been returned.

The Hon. Alfred Lyttelton, the Colonial
Seoretery, was reelected yesterday from
the. Warwick and Leamington division by
thé narrow majority of 190. Lord Edward
ohne: the Postmaster-General, was

Miécted from the Westhoughton division
of Lancashire without opposition. Mr,

. ©. Arnold-Forster was reelected for the

gat division of Balfast, receiving 3,912
votes to 3,871 coast for Mr. Dempsey, Na-
tlogaliet. At the last election Mr. Arnold-
Forster was returned without opposition.

PLAN T0 GOVERN MACEDONIA,

Resse and Austria Said to Have Given
Notice to Turkey.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak SUN

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—A despatch from Con-
etantinople, dated yesterday, raya that
Baron de Calice and M. Zinovieff, respect-
ewely the Austrian and Russian Ambassa-
dors to Turkey, sent a communication on
Thuraday to the Sublime Porte in regard to
tla new reform scheme of these Powers.
The communication was addressed to Ferid
Pasha, the Grand Vizier, and Tewfik Pasha,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Great re-
serve is observed as to the contents of the
joint note, Jt ia understood, however,
that these two Powers will take control of
the entire administration of Macedonia tor
two years.

PLANNED 70 KILL THE KING,

Anarchist Named ¢risti Put Under Arrest
at Bone,
Special Cable Deaniteh to THe SON

Rom#, Oot, 24.- An anarchist of the name
of Michael Cristi was arrested here to-day
1t ie believed t! al be had made preparations
Jor an allemipl to demassinale hing Victor
Maamanuel.

VOLIpping OMelale Avcused.
Mpectas Vable Lesputch vo Tae SUN
Manat, Oot, #4.--Gov, Delgado of Loilo
province has ordered an investigation
inte the arte of the former jnsurrectioniot
ghief Bales, the Presidente of Dumangus,
an Members of the Coun:
oan” that there have been Sak we
regularities iy the distribution of the money
loaned to the municipality by (he province
for the relief of Cholera puflerers,

 

 

oo a

DEFENDS LORD ALVERSTONE.

“Spectator” Says He Aoted in Alaskan
Case as a Consolentious Jurist.
Specias Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct, 24.—The English press
continues to discuss freely the decision
of the Alaskan Boundary Tribunal. It
must be said that public opinion strongly
sympathizes with the Canadian disappoint-
ment, and there is a disposition on the
part of a considerable minority to question
the equity of the award,

Some commentators, notably the Daily
Mail, continue to indulge in disgraceful
insinuations against Lord  Alverstone.
These innuendoes are made in such a cow-
ardiv fashion that they can damage only
their authors, but they serve to indicate
an exasperation which is perhaps of suf-
ficient importance to receive passing at-
tention, Ita expression becomes more
illegitimate when it deals with the over-
ruling of the objections of Canada in regard
to the personnel of the American commis-
sion, but nobody has advanced such an
absurd proposition that the result would
have been different if instead of Messrs.
Lodge, Turner and Root other selections
had been made,

The attitude of the serious newspapers
is well represented by the Spectator, which
says “We are convinced that Lord Alver-
stone, although he must naturally have
regretted to be obliged to decide against
Canada's claims, acted as a just and up-
right Judge must have acted. We may be
certain that he only decided as he did be-
cause he believed that there was no other
alternative open to him as aman of honor
and a conscientious jurist.”

LONDON DOCTORS REBEL.

Keep Names of All Except Those Attend-
ing Royal Family Out of Print?
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 24.--The etiquette of the
British medical profession absolutely for-
bids a practitioner from advertising him-
self. In this respect the medical etiquette
is precisely the same as that of thé bar,
Both professions uphoki this principle
that legitimate professional men should
not put themselves on the same plane as
quacka,

The coctors of London, however, have
hegun to rebel against what they deem
the carrying on of this idea to an intoler-
able stage. The ethical committee of the
British Medical Association is trying to
coerce ite brethren to keep their names
out of the newspapers except when they
are attending a royal patient, This, of
course, confines the prerogative to the
very few who do not need advertising.
The committee, however, not content
with applying pressure to the doctors,
has now resolved to send a circular to the
London newspapers asking them not to
mention the names of physicians in any
connection except in case of those who are
are in attendance on members of the royal
family.

The doctors argue that this fs tyranny,
as barristers and lawyers, whose etiquette
is the same, are always mentioned in con-
nection with cases,

 

SATOLLI COMING TO THE FAiR.

But Probably Will Not Consecrate 8t.
Patrick's Cathedral, as Reported.
Special Crahle Despatch lo THR SUN,

RomE, Oct. 24.—Cardinal Satolli, formerly
Papal Delegate to the United States, will
visit the St. Louis exposition next year.
While in the United States he probably will
officiate at the consecration of St. Patrick's
Cathedral in New York.

“It was our intention to have the Cathe-
dral consecrated and the Lady Chapel dedi-
eated by Cardinal Satolli next year,” sid
Vieur-General Laveile, rector of St. Pat-
rick’s Cathedral, yesterdiy, “The Cathe-
drial cannet be conseernted while there is
one dellar of debt upon it, nor ean any other
Cothelie church. oweyer, this nrebably
will not be the cause of cur delay. Thope to
have all the debts liquidsted by the time
of the Cardinel's visit. The labor troubles
and deleys in the work on the Lidy Chapel,
which will form the east end of the ecthe-
dral, will put the date of completion at
least two years from now. We had hened
it would be completed by next fall. It is
our desire to have the dedication of the
chepel and the consecration of the com-
pleted cathedral at one ¢eremony.”

 
 

The Lady Chapel, which is the gift to the |

archdiocese of the Eugene Kelly heirs,

 

| BRITAIN MOVES IN CONGO CASE,

———<—<—_— eee —— ———— — —___________

 

A nN esr eer aoe

|

 

ANNOUNCES HER BELIEF IN
TRUTH OF CRUELTY CHARGES.

 

Calls on Powers Whe Participated in the
Berlin Treaty to Confer as te Methods
of Reform—Trade Monopely Wae
Granted in Violation of the Treaty.

Special Cable Despatch to Tus SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—The British Foreign
Office yesterday issued a despatch in ro-
gard to the ill-treatment of natives and the
existence of trade monopolies in the Congo
State to the representatives of this Govern-
ment accredited to the Powers which par-
ticipated in the treaty of Berlin, under
which the Congo Free State was consti-
tuted.

Taking into consideration the diplo-
matic language in v.hich such documents
are usually couched, this despatch must be
described: as very furcible. It refers to the
debate in the House of Commons on May 20,
when, it says:

“It, was alleged that the object of the
Congo administration was not 80 much to
care for the government of tte natives as
for the collection of revenue. This object
was pursued py means of a system of forced
lacor, differing only in name from slavery
The demands upon each village were ex-
acted with a strictness that constantly de-
generated into great cruelty, and the men
composing the armed force of the State
were recruited from the moet warlike of
the savage tribes, who often terrorized their
own officers, maltreated the natives and
had no fear of punishment.”

The despatch also refers to the fact that
many cases of cruelty have been proved
beyond the possibility of contradiction.
It lays stress on what it calls “the most
serious allegations” in regard to the sys-
tem of administration; namely, that no
efforts were made to fit the natives for in-
dustrial pursuits. It declares that the
method of obtaining laborers was similar
to that formerly applied to obtain slaves.
Force was as much required now to take
natives to a place of service as was formerly
necessary to convey captured slaves.

The despatch quotes the British Consul
as Boma and also the British officers in
territory adjacent to the Congo Free State
to show that “notwithstanding the obliga-
tions which were accepted under the Berlin
treaty no attempt at any administration
for the natives has been made, and the
officers of the Government are devoting
all their energy to the collection of revenue.
The Congo stations are shunned, the only
natives seen being soldiers. The result is
that neighborhoods which were populous
a few years ago are now uninhabited, the
natives averring that they have been driven
from their homes by tyranny and ex-
actions.”

The despatch then expressee the deep
conviction of England that the charges are
founded on truth. For this reason His
Majesty's Government is of the opinion
thai it is incumbent upon the Powers who
were parties to the Berlin treaty to confer
and consider whether the Congo Free
State has fulfilled its obligations and, if not,
to secure the carrying out of the same.
The despatch asks for suggestions which
might constitute a subject for reference
to the Hague Acbitration Tribunal.

It also craws attention to the action
of the Congo Freet State in establishing
atrac’e mono; ely and restricting trace, in
direct contravention to the principle of the
open door provided for in the Berlin

agreement,

APPLAUDS PROTECTIVE POLICY.

Ernest A. Hamlyn Says It Will Soen Be
Adopted in England.

MILWAUKEE, Oct. 24.—Ernest Augustus
Hamlyn, a member of the Honourable
Artillery Company of London,who is makirg
a tour of the United States investigating
the effects of the protective tariff upon the
industrial classes of the country, arrived
at the Hotel Pfister to-day. While he
denies that he is the agent of Mr. Chi mber-
lain, Mr, Hamlyn has neve: theless written

 

| a letter to the Engiish stutesman offering

}
|

to subscribe $5,000 of his private fortune
to bring a delegation of English workmen
to this country to investigate for theme

will cost $250,000, end is odded to complete | selves the industrial situation.

the form of the cross which the C:thedral
outlines.

“We have no difficulty with the educated
classes,” said Mr. Hamlyn. “It is the

Tie incumbrance on the Crthedral when | people who cry out ebout the ‘dear loaf

Archbishop Firley ossumed charge this
yeir wes about $250,000. This has been
greatly reduced by Vicar-Genera] Lavelle,
who has labored incessently in this work.

AMERICAN MURDERED IN CUBA,

Minister Squier Asks Government to Make
an Investigation.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, Oct. 24.-A number of Amert-
can residents in Puerto Principe sent a tele-
gram to Mr. Squies, the United States
Minister to Cuba, asking for protection.
They complain that an American of the
name of Murray, a hotelkeeper at Puerto
Principe, was found stabbed to death in a
cell at police headquarters. A negro, who
was supposed to be insane, was in the same
cell with the American, The American
residents, however, suspect that there has
been foul play of some kind, as no blood
spots were found in the cell where the Ameri-
can and the crazy negro were confined.

Mr. Squiers telegraphed back asking for
full details of the affair. He has also asked
Senor Zaldo, the Secretary of State and
Justice, to investigate. This is the third
American who has been murdered in Cuba
this year. Mr. Murray, it is stated, was a
Freemason

 

 

Philippine Hate of Exchange.
Special Cable Despatch to Pauw Sun.
MANILA, Oct. 24.—The Philippine Com-
mission has issued a proclamation that
Mexican dollars will be receivable for
Government dues until New Year's at the
rate of $2.30 Mexican for $1 American.
This is far above the bank rates and will
keep the Mexican money at its present
varity until it ia demonetized on Jan. 1.
tis not anticipated that the proclamation
will cause any appreciable fluctuation in
values,

Japanese Growing Taller,
Speclas Calde Despatch to Ths Sun
Lonpon, Oct. 24--Statistics recently
published seem to show that the Japanere
are growing taller. ‘The measurements of
recruita show that the number from 6 leet
4 inches upward has increased 2 per cent
in the Jaat ten years, while the number
from § feet to § feet @ has decreased 6 per
cent, awe
Last Spanish Prelate Leaves Philippines,
Sprcual Cudble Despiteh to Tae Son
MaNILa, Vet. 24.--Blahop Allocer of Cebu,
the last Spaniss Romaa Catholic dignitary
in the arelhipalago, for Byain to-day
ile had worked for thirty-eight years In
the Plilippines and wae noted for his char-
lable gots

a, oe
ussard Tried to Sieal a Baby.

LAKELAND, Via, sa. 24--R. O, Cresap
ond Ho J. Wrane, while driving yesterday,
discovered a lary@ bugmard trying to fly
away will @ enim evr The bugsard had
Ite feet entangled dn the ehild’s elotiin
and could not eat) idgte teal, The buasar
wae trying frantiodsly to fly off, but eould
Ket only about a [es away, The baby wee
faecues Ulu

andthe small loaf’ that are opposed to Mr.
Chaniberlain’s policy, and want them
to be able to see what the protection policy
has done for this country. ‘The protection
policy will soon be adopted in England,
and we shall have a stone wall built up
about us as strong, or nearly so, as the
one you have about this country.

“It may not become effective in Eng-
land this year or next, but it will come,
that is certain. We have a sample of this
effect during the African war, and it was
ue greatest mistake when it was taken
0

“The protective tariff has made the
United States and it is responsible for the
undoing of England. As the Duke of
York said recently: ‘We must move for-
ward a bit... The English manufacturers
of steel rails cannot pay the tariff and com-
pete with the American manufacturer.”

JANAUSCHEK THANKFUL,

Pleased at Virginia Harned’s Gift—@ays
Her Condition Is a Sad One,

Saratoga, Oct. 24.—Mme. Frarsisca M.
R. Janauschek, the venerable actress whose
pitiful condition has of late caused much
concern among her friends throughout the
country, this afternoon dictated to her
physician, Dr. J. E. Kelley, the following,
to which she affixed her si; nature:

[ am pleased beyond expression at the
letter, suggestion ana gift of ' ircinla Harned
aod the iatereat whies is being taken by tne
Morntcg Telegraph to relleve my financtlal
condition and suffering, It came as a gur-
rise to me when | thought tne people had
orgotten me. After thirty vears of my best
effort for the advancement of the drama my
eon titton is, indeed, a sad one. IT cannot
believe that my life, given largely to the
Amertun: stage, will be forgotten by the

American people JANAUSCHEK,

JEWELRY WORTH 83,000 GONE,

fenft's Driver, Morris, Who Was in the
OMce, Arrested on Suspicion.

Joseph Morris of 28 Second atreet, «
driver in the employ of Harris B, Senft, a
contractor at 330 Stanton street, was held
for examination yesterday in the Easex
Marhet police court and charged with steal-
ing $5,000 worth of jewelry From a safe in
dbenft's office,

Nenft's wife declared that on Friday when
ashe called at her husband's office Morris waa
inside with the door locked.

“1 can't let you in now,” she says he
replied," because | am changing my clothea."”’

she went away, and when she returned
half an hour later Morris h d gone and the
jewelry was mnissing from the safe, which
iad been left neaead

Morris was arrested late that night, but
the property was nol found on him

Mome for Destivute and Crippled Children,

ALBANY, Oct, 23.--"Young Tim” Sullivan
is one of the Incorporators of the New York
Hye of Destitute Crippled Children,

ich is to maintain a home to care for
euch children in New York city without
distinction as to race, creed or color, and
which was incorporated to-day with the
hecretary of Mate Among the other
Incorporators are Abraham Lincoln EBr-
langer, B. ¥. Keith, Edward FP. Albee, sol
Bloom, Leo Schlessinger and A. J, Came
meyne

 

 

Poe yen cr

~~ s weeny . “+ om

EST&
oa

 

THE SUN.“SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

Misses’

and
Children’s

Suits, Coats and Millinery.

The largest variety—the latest novelties—the
absolute certainty of obtaining correct attire in the
most becoming form; these coupled with lowest
prices are the advantages we offer.

  

MOUNT COLIMA IN ERUPTION.
Mexican Volcano Again Threwing Out
Lava and Ashes.

Mexico City, Oct. 2%.—Mount Colima
volcano is again in a state of active eruption.
Great quantities of lava have been pouring
from its crater during the past three days,
and at intervals severe seismic disturbances
have occurred near by. Ashes from the
volcano fell yesterday to the eastward of
the mountain, but no damage to agricultural
interests is reported.

ROBERT W. WILCOX DEAD.

Fermer Hawalian Delegate to Congress
Had a Romantic Carcer.
Special Cable Despatch (o THE Sun.

Honouvutv, Oct. 24—Robert W. Wilcox,
former D legate to Congress from Hawaii,
died ta-day of consumption. His death
was unexpected, and was due to severe
hemorh:ges. Wilcox was the home rule
candidate for Sheriff and was in the micst
of an active campaign. Overexertion
brought on hemorrhages. There is great
mourning among the natives, with whom,
owing to his Hawaiian blood, Wilcox was

ular,

Wilcox’s life was romantic. He was
one of native Hawaiian boys sent to Turin,
Italy, to study military tactics. There
he became a social favorite, and induced
Gina, daughter of Baron Sobrero, a Colonel
in the Italian Army, to marry him. He
represented that he was heir to the
Hawaiian throne and promised his wife
that she would be Queen.

When the couple reached Honolulu the
wife had a fearful awakening. She found
that her husband was really a Government
ward, who had received his education at the
nation's expense, and that he had no prop-
erty. He was of mixed American and
Hawaiian blood and had no special! position.
His wife at once left him and in November,
1895, the marriage was annulled in Rome.
Wilcox married again, his second wife being
an Hawaiian, who asserts that sheis a prin-
cess of the royal blood and now poses
asa leader of the native party.

Wilcox became a revolutionist and tried
to unseat King Kalakaua. He showed
cowardice in a fight with the royal troops
and was tried for treason, but through
Liliuokalani’s influence heescaped convic-
tion. After Hawaii became a Territory
he was elected the first delegate to Congress.

 

 

 

 

Obituary Notes.

F. N. Hoffatot, president of the Pressed
Steel Car Company, heard by cable from
Walsall, Staffordshire, England, yesterday
of the death of Samson Fox, chairman of
the Leeds Forge Company, Leeds. England,
after a short illness. Mr. Fox had re-
cently returned to England after a short
visit to this country to see the extensive de-
velopment of the pressed stvel cir industry
which he originated at Joliet, Ill., by the
erection of a small plant for the construction |
of the Fox truck. Mv. Fox had rise: to emi- |
nence in his native eouitry asa manufacturer |
of steel and its further manufacture into cor-
rueated furaces and cars. His home was at
Harr>gate, Yorkshire, but he had an estate ut
Waisall, Staffordshire, from which place he
was candidate for election to the British Par-
Hament. Mr. Fox leaves one son and two
daughters, one of the latter being the wife
of fernal Bagshaw, at one time goneral
manager of the Fox company in this country.

The Rev. Father Anthony Castelli, pastor
of the Church of St. Mary of Mount Carmel,
Utica, died in that city Peeleny following
a@ protracted illness. Father Casteili was
born in Gaeta, Italy, in 1429, He was made
chaplainot the Church of the Annuncixtion, fn |
Ausonia, Italy and served in this capacity fora |
Muimber of years. In 1884 he came to this ;
country, and for over a year was located in
this city. In 1s86 he went to Utica, where he ,
had since labored.

Mrs. Anne Welsh, the mother of former
Councilman John J. Welsh of Passaic, N. J.,

roprietor of the Everard, at 24 West
'wenty-elghth street, this city, died at her |
home in Passaic yesterday. Mra, Welsh
caught pneumonia from her daughter, Mrs
Barney Garrick, who died six weeks ago.
She was 72 years of age. John J. Welsh is
the only survivor of a family of twelve
children.

Police Sergeant John Dougherty of the
Flushing avenue station died at his home, at
132 North Oxford street, Brookivn, on Thurs-
day night, of a complication of diseases. He
was in his fifty-seventh year. He was ap-
ointed on the force Sept. 13, 1872. He had
een attached to the Flushing uvenue sta-
tion as sergeant for nine years. He is sur-
vived by a widow and five children.

Mre. Martha B. Gale, the widow of Dr.
A.C. 8 Gale of Port Richmond Stata Island,
died on Friday at the home of her daughter,
Mrs. F. N. Barrett, in Avenue ©, Bayonne,
at the age of 74. She was a daughter of the
late Judge White of New York. She is sur-
vived by four children, Mrs. Barrett, Dr.
Henry Gale of Gloversville, N. ¥., and Charles
and George Gale of Staten Island. 1
Miss Mary Mctiregor, who formerly and
for many vears was well known in educational
circles throughout the State, died suddenly
of heart failure at her Lincoln avenue cot-
tage in Saratoga yesterday morning. She
was in her ninety-first year.

Commun ier Clayton 8. Richman, U. 8. N.,
retired, commanding the prison receiving
ship Southery, died yesterday at the Ports-
mouth Navy Yard.

John Dailey, father of Alderman James
. Dalley of ‘the Fourth ward in Chicago,
died in that city yesterday at the age of 102.

Lieut. Edward Moale, Jr., U. 8. N., died |
in Baltimore I’riday. |

 

Truck Drivers Being Reorganized,

Albert Young ard other officers of the
International Truck Drivers’ Union are in
the city reorganizing the truck drivers,
The truck drivers bad a general strike a
year ago and lost. The international

officers, it was said yesterday, are now re- |
organizing the men on a larger scale with

the object of re.ewing the demands several
monthe later

 

Btabb— Husted,

Premexivn, Oct. 24-—-Mias Harriet Anna
Husted, daughter of Mrs. James W. Husted
and the late Gen. Husted, was married this
afternoon to Nicholas Harvey Stabb of New
york city. The wedding was one of the most
elaborate in Peekskill in many years. It oc-
ourred in Mt. Peter's Protestand Episcopal |
Chureh, which the Husted family have at-
tended for many years

The Rev. William Pisber Lewis, rector of
the chureb, officiated. The beat man was
William Luff of New york, The ushers were
Fredevick A.M. Sehieffelin, Norman F. Vor-
renee and (. Cazenove Gardner, all of New
York, and Harry H. Hawes of Peekskill, They |
received siver matebboxes from the bride. |
BOO 4 RO\LVenITS \
‘Lhe bridesmaids were Miss Helen 8. Husted,
piater of the bride, an int Annie Btabb
bister of the bridegroom. " pey were drowaed
ip corn-colored crépe de chine, wore large
white tule hate, trimmed with yeuew rones,
and carried bouquets of yellow chryaanthe-
wune, re were two flower girls, Mins
Harbary et and Mise Catherine Husted,
Atle pieces oO

the bride. They wore dresses
of embroidered tulle and carried baskets of

apanese primr
ran re. Abb left on the 647 train for
on ex a Sour apd on their retugo
will reside in Peekoki he wedding gifts

Sere unusually ou merous and cyetly.

  

60-62 West 23d

2
“HB DRANK LEMON SQUASH.”

REPORT GOOD
BOSTON TRIP.

 

 

HONOURABLES
CONDUCT ON

 

Ghunned All Undue Alcoholic Exhilaration,
but Enjoyed Themeelvee—American
Clambake Didn't Agree With Them
—Men Returned in Geod Conditien.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 24.—The British public has
been sadly ignorant of the powers which
constitute the claim of the Ancient and
Honorable Artillery Company of Boston to
deathless glory. It has been much puzzled
by allusions to the gastronomic warfare
which have been from time to time printed
in the London newspapers. Now, how-
ever, that the Honourable Artillery Com-
pany has returned to London, the explara-
tion is gradually leaking out. One of the
leadirg members of the company declares
that for decoration and lavishress he never
saw anything to equal the dinner that the
Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company
gave them in Boston. He continued:

“It was by no means all entertainment,
however. There was a deal of marchirg
and parading. I should think that, on the
whole, the men more often took in their
belts than let them out. We were often
ordered to parade at 4:30 A. M., and asa
result of the constant exercise the men
are far fitter than when we left England.
The funny part was that the American
papers before we arrived gave out the
idea that we were a gang of paunchy
roysterers,

“The Ancients, you see, are really only a
military club which is noted for its hos-
pitality. They did not expect to find a
young lot of men capable of full military
exercise. Consequently, in New York par-
ticularly, the disappointment was acute
when a quiet and orderly company of Eng-
lishmen arrived. It is needless to say
that we did not have to be trundled through
the streets in wheelbarrows and push carts.

“We drank lemon squash consistently
and shunned all undue alcoholic exhilara-
tion.

“Wherever the company went it was met
by crowds. I do not say that they came to
see the Honourable Artillery Company.
They probably did not know what the
name meant, but they were immensely
taken with our flags and uniforms. I also
believe that they wanted to show us gen-
uine friendliness. The men kept well in
health, the only thing that disagreed with
them being the much-talked of clambake,
which is an acquired taste.

“The members of the Honourable Ar-
tillery Company will never forget the kind-
ness of their American colleagues.”

BABY, SLEEPING IN TUB, KILLED.

Hot Water Turned On In the Night Scalded
the Child to Death.

Sarah Ceasor, 16 months old, was scalded
to death late Friday night in a bathtub at
20 First street. Esther Ceasor, the mother
of the dead child, had been employed as a
servant in the farnily of Isidor Garfinkle

 

| at the above address. The Garfinkles let

the woman keep her child in the house and
make a bed for her in the bathtub.

There had been no hot water in the pipes
leading to the tub for some time, because

‘ of repairs, and when the mother put the

child to sleep on Friday night there was no
sign of water in the pipes,
When the mother went for

r er baby yes-
terday morning she found it

oating in the

, tub dead, The tub was filled with steaming

water, How the water was turned on no
one in the house seemed to know.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATYRE ALMANAC--THIS DAY.
Sun risea....€21/Sun sets . ..5 08) Moon sets
HIGH WATER—THIS DAT.
Sandy Hook.10:34 Gov. I'd. . 11 06 Hell Gate ..12:59

Arrived —SATURDAY, Oct. 24.
Ss Arabic, Liverpool, Oct. 16.
dovew LOK, Sudtaaipion, Oct. 17,
Ss Pawner, Almeria, Oct. 6
Ss Indrawi ii, Yokonama, June 27.
8 Porty - ico, Yabueoa, Oct. 12.
Ss Kong Haaken, Pilley Island, Oct. 17.
Ssirke'la tuero ttarrios Ot. 14.
Ss Regulus, Lewlsport, N. F., Oct. 17.
do Ueae ty cee Ww ats and, Oct. bi.
Ss Comal, Galveston, Oct. 17
Ss Apache, Jacksonville, Oot. 21.
Ss Excelsior, Galveston, Oct. 17.
Ss Monroe, Norfolk, Oct. 23.
——a=
ARRIVED OT.

Ss Campanta, from New York at Liverpool.
Ss Biuceher, from New York at Hamburg.

SAILED FROM FORFIGN PORTS.
Sa Etruria, from Liverpool fir New York.
S4 Philadelphia, from Southani pton for New York.
Ss Finland, from Antwerp for New York.
Ss La Touraine, fram Havre to New York
Ss Friedrich der Grosse, from Bremen for New

9:07

York
Ss La Champagne, from Havre to New York.
Ss Rotterdam, from RotterJam for New York.
Ss Moltke, from Hamburg for New York.

OUTGOING O1 MAMSHIPS.

Sab To-day.
Mais Vessels
Close. Sats.

Seminole, Charl 'ston.. ve s0OPM
sall To-morrow.

Apache, Charleston, 300PM
Monroe, Norfolk S00PM
Sail Tuesday, Oct. 27.

Kalser Win derGr., Brees 630 AM lW00AM
Liguria, Naples oRU AY Ww A M

Roma,
City of Washington,Colon 9 gu AM 100Pp M
Fl Sud, Galveston sooPrpM
Jetlergon, Norfolk S00PM
Comal, Galveston 4

Naples

IDCOMING STEAMSHIP6

Lue To day

Vigilancia Havana. Oct. is
Arabla Algiers. Ort

Martna Gibraltar Oct. 7
Colvrade " Oct St
Blakhat Hordeaus Oct. 7
Siciania Gibraltar Oct. 10
Lacroma Algiers Oct,

Kiowa Jacksonville Oot 23
Havana Havans Ort,
Comanche Jaicksonvtlle Oct. 2

Due Monday, Oct

| Zeeland Antwerp Ort”
Minnehaha London Oct 17
Noordamw Rotterdam Oct. 17
Astoria Glisgow Oct. 15
California Gibraltar Oct. 12
Naupila Stet oor @
Philadelpula La Guayra Oct.
Proteus New Orleans Oct 2
El Vaile Galveston Oct wo

Due Tuesday, Oe 21

Kronpring Wilbelia Uremen Oct

Lavo Gena Oct 16
Seyvuranca Colon Oot. 10
Tenedos (Abraltar Oct ia
Ooncho Galveston Ort
Cuntyla davana Ot
Due Wednesday, Oct. 6
Khein remen O0«t 17
Manzanillo. Andon tet lé
Fi Moi te. vs al vewton Oct 2
Jason aveta Out
Dust Thursday, Oct
Cedni’ liverpool . OF 1
Belgravia Hamburg om i
Citla al Milano Naples Oet 14
Varia, Abou » Ge Mb

co =

 

i

uality, 54 in. wide; reg. 98c. yd

F,

Prices Make Downtown

KocH &

   

Co.

 

Modern Methods,
Matchless Values,

perfectly exemplified here.

Every day some betterment is enforced—every

ou increased sales tell the story of your satistaction with this store and its
Ofterings—a natural result of such values as these:—

Suits, Skirts, Waists, Coats.

LADIES’ SUITS, of black and colored zibeline or camel's hair, long coat or blouse

effects; or of black and blue cheviot with frock coats, values $30.00

and $35.00, for Monday and Tuesday... sete °
LADIES’ SUITS, of all wool fancy mixtures or colored cheviots and broadcloths, frock,

blouse or Eton effects, dress or walking lengths, values $22.00 to

$28.00, for Monday and Tuesday..

95
18.95

LADIES’ SKIRTS, of fine all wool voile with silk drop, black only, ‘a!l seams fagoted,

side panels

$23.00, for Monday and Tuesday... ..

rettily trimmed with numerous folds of taffeta, value 15 05
. oe e

LADIES’ JACKETS, of fine kersey cloth, with circular Epaulette capes, semi-fitting,

lined with heavy satin, colors black and castor, value $18.95, for

Monday and Tuesda

12.95

LADIES’ SILK WAISTS, ‘of peau de soie and peau de cygne, some with fagot stitched
yoke, others prettily trimmed, black and all colors; also of plaid silk,
various color combinations, value $6.00 and $7.00, for Monday and 4 05
eee e

Tuesday................, piavalirerarervouipra sta ealenarecn hace reins

Silks and Velvets.

BLACK TAPERS, Pure silk; a su-
erior grade, 36 in. wide; reg.
8c. va ROE MM SN “8 69c

BLACK LYONS VELVET, suitable for
waists and costumes, 19 in. 9
wide; reg. $1.50 yd........., 8 Cc

BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, all silk, for
suits and coats, 27 in. wide; 8
reg. $1.25 per yd...........,, BOC

Main
Floor.

PURE SILK TAFFETA, extra heavy,
street and evening shades, 19 9
in, wide; reg. 69c. yd... .. 4 c

TARTAN pratd TAFFETAS, all silk;
an exceptionally good quality; ¢ =
20 in. wide; reg. 93¢. yd... 65c

SATIN BROCADES, all silk, suitable for
coat linings; all colors, 27 in.
wide; reg. $1.50 yd... 1.15

Black & Colored Dress Goods.

BLACK STORM PROOF SERGES AND
CHEVIOTS, all wool, 46 in. 49c

wide; reg. 75c. yd ...
BLACK CHEVIOT, all wool, good 69c
56
* 98c

BLACK ZIBELINE, all wool,
in. wide; reg. $1.25 yd... .

Curtains, Table Covers, &c.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
Brussels and Renaissance designs: —
Value 1.50 2.25 3.50 Pair.
At 98c. 1.50 2.50 Pair.

ENGLISH BOBBINET LACE CUR-
TAINS, lace edgings and insertions: —
Value 1.75
At 1.25

2.50
1,75

3.25 Pair.
2.50 Pair.

WHITE IRISH POINT LACE CUR- | REVERSIBLE

TAINS, fine net centres, heavy borders: —-
6.25
4.50

7,50
5.75

8.75 Pair,
6.50 Pair,

Value
At

|
|
|

 

ALL WOOL ALBATROSS, every
Shade. 40 in. wide; reg. 50c. yd. 33c
SRANIES ANB ME EROSE SUITINGS,
all wool, all colors, 38 in. wide;
POMOC Vr ante iar ties ie 45c
SCOTCH TWEED SUITINGS, all
wool, 45 in, wide, reg, 89¢. yd OSC

Fourth

Floor.

IRISH POINT AND RENAISSANCE
BED SETS, ruffled valance:—

Value 6.50 8.75 10.50 Set.

At 4.93 6.95 8.50 Set,

MERCERIZED ARMURE PORTIERES,
heavy valance fringe: ~

Value 7.25 8.50 10.75 Pair.
At 5.50 6.75 8.50 Pair.
TAPESTRY TABLE

COVERS, new colorings: —
Size L!oxllg yds.; value $2.25. .
Size 2 x2 yds.; value $3.25..

1.59
2.25

SCREENS, TABOURETTES, WINDOW SEATS AND LOUNGING CUSHIONS—
a big assortment at matchlessly low prices.

Blankets and Quilts.
2.25

10-4 WHITE EASTERN WOOL

BLANKETS; reg. $3........

11-4 WHITE EASTERN WOOL 3

BLANKETS, reg, $4.50...... 3.00

| DOWN QUILTS, best mercerized sateen

| covering, handsome, new floral designs,
goreey edge, se Bee war-
ranted pure and odorless; reg.

125th Street West,

 

|
}

Fourth
Floor.

12-4 CALIFORNIA WOOL
BLANKETS; reg. $6.00 ire 5.00

12-4 AUSTRALIAN ' WOOL
BLANKETS, reg. $8.00.. 6.50

COMFORTABLES, pure white cotton
filling, figured sateen covering, with 18-
inch Bath border, elaborate scroll stitch-
ing, plain or figured backs;
reg, $3.50........ eee ee a 2.50

Between Lenox &
Seventh Avs,

  

 

WON'T PAY COAL ASSESSMENT

INDEPENDENT OPERATORS SHOW
SPIRIT OF REVOLT.

 

Object to Paying Their Share of the Con-
cillation Board's Expenses—Say They
Have Been Ignored ¢ ompletely by the
Big Coal Companies Thus’ Far.

TaMaQgua, Pa., Oct. 24.—The strained

relations which have existed between the |
indepeident coal operators and the big |

coal companies since the strike was settled
last October will likely be brought to a head
by the efforts of th: Reading, the Dela-
ware and Hudson, the Delaware and Lacka-
wanna and the Erie ¢ompanies, controlling
the coal transporting roads and 75 per
cent. of the coal production, to force the
independents to pay part of the expenses
incurred by the conciliation board.

This the independents wili refuse to do
They maintain that ever since the strike
was settled they have not been consulted
by the anthracite community of interest,
that they have no voice in the naming of
the operators’ representatives on the guon-
ciliation board, and that they have been
practically ignored by that body.

To-day all the incepencent
received letters from President
of the Erie Company requesting them to
meet the heads of all the anthracite com-
panies in the Jersey Central offices in New

ork on Morday, when “ihe question of
provicing funus for the payment of the
operators’ share of the expenses cf the
conciliation board will be taken up.”

When asked to-day whether they would
be Peewee at the meeting several once
pendent operators of this place anewered
that they would not and intimated {hat
they would refuse to pay any assessment
that might be levied upon them. One cf
the operators said:

“The proposition borders on the farcical,
We have practically been ignored by the
big coal companies ever since the @ rike
Oommission made its award. We have
been made to bear the greater part of the
burd’n of the award of that body and
have so far been refused an opportunicy
to protect ourselves, In so far t
eo nciliation b ard is concerned the door
has been shut in our face and we certainly
do not propose to help pay the bills cor
tracted by that body."

During the last year aj) the indey endent
operators have been quietiy javing plans
io break @way fioi the ecmunt nity of
interests, The fact that the big com-
pape control #il the big transportation
ines has held them in line so fer. The

operators

The mas |

  

 

SUZODONT
Tooth Powder

New Patent Top Can, Compare quantity an@
quality with others. Sozodont is economy

 

 

MAINE'S BOILERS WORK WELL

 

 

Part of the Time a Speed of 18 Knots
Was Made—Niclausse Boilers Did Their
Work Perfectiy and WUl Be Approved
by the Board—OMeclals Pleased.

Fort Monroe Va., Oct 2t.—-The battle-
ship Maine arvived off Cape Hen y yee-
terday oitermoon « f
run t> Culebra, P. R.,
morning sie steaied inte
and inchered off Newport

iter a pecora realkt

 
 

and return
Hampton R
News, not

  

from the Dolphin, which had Secretary
Moody on board, Cept. E. H. C. Leutze
{of the Maine mede in official eall upon
| (ie Secretary of the Navy and informed him
of the excellent run mud» by the big battie-
shin,
The Maine's trip was for the purpose of

as (he |

decision handed down by Judge Goff in the |

United States Cireuvit Court in) whieh he
ruled for the plointifY in a suit brought
by the Kingston Coal Company of Clarks
burg, W. Va., to restrain the West Virgini
Rabroad Company diseriniuin, ting
against that corporation, has opened
loophole for them through whieh they
propose to ay The decision fits the
ense of the ine 4} endent

froin

operstors to a |

nicety, Judge Goff having ruled that the |

defendant COMpony must “deal with the
Kingston Coal Con p ny upon conditions
ne favor be aethose given to ali other |
shippers,” ond give to the company the
full percentige of ears due it and move
them with all possi! ie a) eed and despatel
The largest individual operators in the

anthrecita region are the J. BL Marie

Comp py, tne Tahiyh (oul and Navigation
Company a) Cose Bros

POR FOR 435,000,

GEV
Flortet ') Aas Crippled tn the
‘ Oh,
Wirt Pua yet. 24. Albert
Wadley, a New who sued the

New Yorks Central for 6100,000

damages for injuriee ved in the
Park avenue tunnel wiae, (tiled wit)
the eorpuration for $4) ty Wauley

wi) be a cripple for ile,

era, which were
Tngineer in

Nielausse boi
ised by

testing the

seVereiVv eritl former

    

Chie? Meivt e, wh » Opp sed their prope sed
installation in other battleships. Inei-
dentil to the test of the boiers, it was de-
termined to vscertuin what speed the Mun@
would make under netural conditious
and wit! forced drought

The trip to Porto Kico and return was
timed between Currituck light and Cule-
brite light tetil distance of about 2,400

mies, which wos mede at an average speed

of 16.12 knets, or 17.77 miles per hour, On
the trip dewn the Maine steamed for flity-
two conseci tive hevrs it 17 knote, or a ite
more thin 22 mites an hour, The return
trip wos mode at an average of 15.9 knots,
} and foren hour and three-quarters she rua

ata speed of 18 knots

This was accomplished without forced
druught, ard, with the exeeption of thie
Fpurt,coothereffort Was made to speedthe
vesmel Tho heati g of the engi es gave
some slight trouble, but in the opinion of
all the officers on beard, the Maine could
easily have maintained 17 knote for the
round trip Capt. Leutze so informed
Secretary Moody this morning

A pal larly gratifyug feature of a
run to the offictals was the absence of 4
elightest nuehap to the bovderk Tie | or
ten! wos maraged by Capt. J. A B Bmith
of the New York Navy Yard, Commander
Baviey and Dieuterant-Commar der Parke

Vie bevrd erxamired the boilers ¢ ay
ard w ude the waiting of tte report
early 14 week pits report will approse
the Si boilers for ume in battleehipes
adw ai the Opition Of Lieutera:t
Comma der Parthett, chief engineer of the
Matiie the recant trouble with the
Matic# bolleres wae through an automate
water gocve aClachment and not any de
feet u e boiler fl wae tound that they
worked perfeetly ard were eagily handled
notwithetal diog that @ large part of the
fire roots Toree® were preety Uver

The board will recommend to the Navy
Departinent that the Maine be equipped
with few evaporator, ae it wae found that

  

Lees inated d are not of (he Lewt Wye