ee

ee

 

 

 

 
 

be

 

@HREE NATIONS SEEKING A NEW
SOURCE OF SUPPLY.

 

Pngiend, France and Germany Want to

Be independent of America Results |

of Experiments in Africa Encouraging |

to Them So Far—Natives Interested. |

tt §s well known that England, Germany
and France are now bending their ener-
gies to developing new sources of raw
eouon im their African porsessions The
evewed vurpose is to make themselves

COTTON GROWING IN AFRICA.

independent, as far as they can, of the |

American cotton supply

These nations seem to think that the

enormous growth of our cotton manu-
faciures presages the time when we shall
have little cotton to sell except in the form
of cloth. What wil) become of their cotton
mills and cotton cloth as soon as we fail
to be a certain source from which they
may derive the raw materia! they need?
The progrese these nations are making
toward the development of new cotton

growing areas in Africa is thus far very |
encouraging. The district of Lagos on =

the Guif of Guinea is expected to vield
4,000 bales this season. The first delivery
of this crop is expected in England about
Chriatmas.

Last year thirty tons of cotton were re-
otived at Liverpool and the fibre wae pro-
nounced to be of excellent quality

Though |

the experiment of cotton growing in Lagosis |

till in its early stages, the cultivated area
a rapidly increasing.

The British Cotton Growing Association,
which was formed at Manchester in 1902,
{natructed Prof. Hoffman, the expert whom
4 sent to Lagos a while ago, to visit the
Yoruba country in the hinterland of Lagos
to ascertain the prospects of cotton culti-
vation there. He has just reported that
he waa much iinpressed
interest taken by the natives in the culti-
vation of the soil

The Yoruba country is one of the most
densely peopled parts of Africa, ana much
of the land is under cultivation. He re-
ports that the natives favorably received
the idea of attempting the cultivation of
cotton on a large scale

The industry, in fact, is not. new to them
i they have grown cotton and woven
t into cloth for many years

The soil is rich, and the people seem |

only to await satisfaciory assurances that
cotton growing for export will be remu-
nerative to set about it in good earnest

with the great |

 

All |

the labor needed can be procured for 18 |

cents a day.

The question is whether can
be grown in the Yoruba country of such
a quality that it can take the piace of the
fibre sent to Great Britain by the United
States. The present quality would not
be included among the most desirable
fibres required by British mills

cotton

“If by assiduous cultivation,” saye Prof

Hoffman, “the West African native, under
British guidance, can 80 improve the growth
of cotton in his country as to fit it for the
English market, he will not only confer

incalculable benefit upon his native land, |
but relieve Great Britain from any danger |

of losing one of her most thriving indus-
tries.”

The British efforta are now being di- |

yected chiefly to Lagos, Sierra Leone,
and the Lower Niger in West Africa, Ex-
periments, however, are pane energetic-
ally pushed in upper Egypt, the Egyptian
udan, Uganda and the Central Airican
tectorate, which extends east of Vic-
ria Nyanza from Abyssinia to German
fast Africa.

Missions have been sent to these various
regions to study the growth of cotton in
different soils, fo procure the best seeds,

nd to distribute them among the natives.
‘he Commissioner of the British Central
Africa Protectorate has just reported that,
fn his opinion, large areas in that country
are well adapted for the cultivation of
cotton.

The Germans already regard the suc-
cess of their attempts to grow cotton in
their African colonies as almost assured.
They have established cotton plantations
fn Togo and Cameroons, on the Gulf of
Guinea, in German Southwest Africa and
in German East Africa. The largest suc-
cess as yet has been attained in Togo,
where the second 78 crop, that of 1902,
was double that of the first year, and 60,000

unds of cotton was sent to Germany,

The leading cotton mills of Germany
declare Togo cotton to be of excellent
quality and are heartily aiding the German
oslonial cotton growers to extend the
‘experiment. In their printed statements
they repeatedly assert that every effort
should be put forth to make Germany inde-
pendent of Americap-cotton, especially
as the home manufacturers now produce
$200,000,000 worth of cotton goods yearly,
giving employment to about 1,000,000 work-
men. They assert that America cannot
much longer be depended upon as a source
of supply, the failure of which would have
most disastrous results at home.

Wide attention has been called in Ger-
many to the recent arrival of four bales of
cotton imported by the Saxon Spinners’
Union from German East Africa. The
shipment was very small, but it is regarded
as opening up wide possibilties. Jt is
paid to be the first cotton raised in Africa
outeide of Egypt which possesses the quality
of the Egyptian cotton. The color of the
cotton is brownish yellow, and the fibre
is long and silky

France is a little behind the other twe

ations in this movement. But the Coleniel
“otton Association, organized last spring
under the presidency of Jules Blegtrie :
formerly Minister of Commerce, has taken
steps to develop coi ton culture inthe French
colonies, and chiefly in the French Soudan,
M. Van Cassel has just reported that cotton
culture is not a new industry in Senegal,
find he is confident that it may be largely
extended.

From 1822 to 1830 Senegal exported
annually to France an average of ten tons
of fibre of fair quality. During the oivil
war inthe United States, Senegal sent about
fifty tons of cotton a year to | rance

The earliest attention should be given
to improving the quality of the staple.
The native fibre is short and lacks uni-
formity, and cannot be used to the best
advantage in modern spinning mills. The
old laborious hand process of separatin
the seed from the cotton is @lill employed.
Experiments should at once be made with
Egyptian and American varieties of cotton

= says that beginning in May next
the moet thorough experiments in cotton
rowing will be made in the French Congo,
ahomey, Madagascar and Senegal, where
the valleye of the Falémé and the Niger
geem to offer, in their soil and climate,
the most favorable conditions for cotton

growing. ‘These experiments, as now
planned, will continue over a period of four
years

M. Roume, Governor General of French
Weat Africa, rays that he is about to send

to France 5,000 pounds of native cotton
grown in Dahomey ‘The fibre, though
@ little irregular in length, is fine, andother-
wise of excellent quality
he French Colonial Cotton Association
hears from ite representative in the Soudan,
Mr. Quesnel, that foreign cottonseed, sent
to him for distribution, has been placed
among all the villages of the Upper Niger
from Baminako to Nenclacere 5 the dig-
triet of Seg the plent was seven centi-
metres high eighteen days after planting
in @ paper just printed in the Bulletin
of ee seographical Boclety of Dunkirk,
R. Colrat de Montrogier says that the cotton
now produced in the Freneh African col
onies, though not of superior quality, is
ail aplable i the Murcrean markets. He
thinks that the first efforte should be di-
yeoted tO eneouraging the natives to in-
eveaxe their crop, and that they can eanily
he made (© see that it is to their interest
to substitute foreign vottop for the indige-
NO0us verielies As muon tt le prov t
the foreign kinds aan be in-
trod to Africa,

|
|

 

|

 

 

|

| count it extremely good fortune to be vnabled to offer you to-mor-
| row Ribbons that sell regularly at 25c for...... 19¢c. a yard
| al

 

 

|

      
 
  
 
 
 
  
     
         
 

     
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
        
      
     
  
 

wi.

       
 
  

 

BROCALYS ADVERTIRENENTS

nero team tn pm te a

 

 

   
      

Men's Shirts and Nightwear : Great Values

IPLENDID and serviceable wear—or it wouldn’t be here at any price. The great clientele of this store
S among Brooklyn men is built on good service. But the news to-day is extraordinary—the good things
that men want now and much less than ordinary prices to pay for them. Here are details:

$1.00 Stiff Bosom Shirts, 39c. Men’s $1.00 Domet Flannel Pa- | $1.00 Natural Wool Underwear,

Broken lots of stiff bosom fancy Shirts, one jamas, 79¢. 7Sc.
pair ot none ete match, all sizes, but Fancy flannelette Pajamas, well made, all Natural color Undershirts and Drawers,
not every style in each size. new patterns. well made and finished in every detail; Shirts

75c. Domet Flannel Night Shirts, | men’s $1.00 and $1. 50 Scarfs, $5c. bound around neck and down front; have

good pearl buttons and mbbed bottoms. Draw-
39¢. Handsome, large Squares and Four-in-

ers have strong taped seams and deep re-
Fancy domet flannel Night Shirts, well | Hands, made ot imported heavy silk, in the

pele ee Ms not all wool, enough cotton
0 stfen t rments a) eep
made, cut full and long, and ail this season’s | latest colorings, excellent value, some all ne 2 on S men
patterns. wiiite.

Women’s $3 Brooklyn-mad

Main floor, front, Kast Bullding
py" you know that some of the best Shoes in the country are made right here in Brooklyn? Good leather, good style—for

        
          
        
   
      
   

 

New York is the best place in the world to study Shoe styles—good workmanship. And we have bought five thousand

pairs of these Brooklyn-made Shoes at the lowest price we ever knew for Shoes of equal quality.
They arenew and fine. The stvyies are correct. Made of medium weight kid skin, with Goodyear welted extension soles

and military heels. Lace and button, with patent leather tips. Sizes 2% to 7; A to EE widths.
The best value ever offered in Brooklyn at $1.8 a pair.

A Third Saving on Silverware.

In a nutshell, these are the facts:
# SPLENDID stock of the newest patterns of the finest Silver Plate for a full third less than the prices
they usually cost.

The reasons? Just because we can. By far the largest Silverware business in this vicinage comes
here—and such a business brings ocpasional opportunities to do the unusual. This, we believe, is an offering
altogether without precedent, for the Silver is the best work of the best makers, their newest designs—it is
freshly unpacked for the sale—and nothing finer can be bought anywhere at the full prices.

We cannot fill mail or telephone orders,
Rogers’ Al Plate Table or Flat Ware. | Chae Ladles, fancy patterns, regularly a

  

second floor, rear, West Bullding

 
 

Spoonholder, burnished beaded center, regu-

t UAtana ni nanicses etre rauece Nene sha er IAN Y iS) AB) AUS i isise nny seo se ee nee 700
Tea Spoons, fancy patterns, a set of 6, regu- | Medium Knives, plain handle, triple plated, a | Téa Pot, burnished headed center, regular!
arly 50c., ngw veccsssesssee BHC |” Set of 6, regulariy $1.40, at.......... SEO oe orate ese marital $1.1
Table Spoons, fancy patterns, a set of 6, reg- | Dessert Knives, plain handle, triple plated. a TAs eee pieces, fluted design, re aeey
Warly G11, DOW. ..r.04+s5 1+ RO set of 6, regularly $1.40, at......... $i Butter Dish to match the above set, regular!
Dessert Spoons, a set of 6, regularly $1.90, | | $2.95. at mi i 1
now -....-'t9¢, Hollow Ware, Quadruple Plate. | RAZOR ssc cies 6

Sugar Bowls, fluted and bead edge style,

regularly $2.25, at $1.68

Spoon Holders, fluted and bead edge, regu-

LAN Y R228 TOC eer s arenes cine cin $1.54
Main floor, court, West Bullding

Dessert Forks, fancy patterns, a set of 6, reg-
ularly $1.00, at : ; ; 7c >

Medium Forks, fancy patterns, a set of 6
reguiarly $1.15, at... .. pees

| Cream Pitcher, burnished beaded center; reg-

ularly $1.25, at tans Mitac

Sugar Bowl, burnished beaded center, regu-
IACI S130) OU. secs cecens 4508 + Hele 8Pc |

  

 

Belted Overcoats to Order.

$35.00 Usually—Now $26.50.

a smart Overcoat of this Winter, especially
for young men, will be double breasted, very
long, very full and with belted back. The

cloths will be the rough faced cheviots that long ago

Englishmen adopted for their warmth and sturdiness

and style.

_ We have picked out ten of these cheviots from our regular $35.00

line and to-morrow will take orders for Coats of them for $26.50.

We will line the shoulders and sleeves with heavy satin and the
body of the coat with light weight worsted. Finished with velvet
collar. There is a model ready for your inspection—see how smart

they are. One of the best offerings we ever had for young men.
Seco: dfivor. rear. ast Bullding.

This News of Waists

Will Interest Every Woman.

$1.08 Brilliantine Waists, $1.39. All wool, in black only,
made with extremely full yoke of pin tucking, separated with
balt inch side tucks, trimmed with white pearl buttons.

$1.79 Flannel Waiste $1.19. Ali wool, made with side plaits
and inverted plaited front, forming full blouse front, with pretty
stock collar, in red, reseda, blue and black.

$4.98 Peau de Soie Waists, $3.98. In light blue, white and
black, made with one inch center side plaits, finished with hem-
stitching, separated with pin tucking; very broad shoulder effect.

New Fall Cotton Waists.

$9.50 Fancy Brocade Waiseta, $4.98. Imported and made
in the latest design.

$3.00 to $4.75 Waleta, $1.98. Assorted Waists, including
Bey vestings, fancy damask and madras, all made in up-to-date

yles.

$2.25 fleece lined Waiate, $1.23. Whte ground with small
polka dot, pleated front and large pearl buttons.

None sent C O. D. Seeund floor, rear, Central Building.

Black Velvet Hats.

w= study this Main floor Millinery Store
closely—new styles arriving daily, the clever-
est work of the best designers make it

The Millinery Authority in Brooklyn.

There are economies, too—notable ones. To-
morrow brings an instance of them in these splendid

$2.75 Velvet Draped Hats, $1.97.

Beautiful, rich and graceful shapes—five in all—made of speciall
good velvet and so well arranged as to need but a swee
plume and buckle to complete their trimming. cane ostrich

$4.00 Mirror Velvet Hats, $2. 49.

These from another designer whose work is also e
found here. Half a dozen large dress shapes that serene, fe he
handsomest yet shown. Made with bell crowns of shirred velvet,
some with shirred underbrims, others with the upper brim of shirred
velvet. Remarkable value at to-morrow’s price.
Main toor, center, East Building

A Sale of Saucepans

For Less Than Ever Before.
ILLD this Basement Store demonstrate its greatness better
than by a sale of good sorts of the most useful of all covking
utensils at prices which have never been matched tn little-
ness outside this Store?
Every Saucepan in the sale is perfect--we don’t believe in
“‘seconds’”’ when it comes to the things that hold our food.
It is a wonderful price list:
Agate Nickel Steel Ware:
Lipped long handle Saucepans:
13 nae 2% 3 4
15¢ 19¢ 2ic 25c 20¢
Covered SAUSEPans, long handle:
MM 2 3

5 quart
83c

8 quart

- 20c $89c 45c 50c¢ 69c_
Aluminum Saucepans:
Lipped, long handle saucepans:
1 d yy , cs 20 4 quart
4c dic 47c “ae
Covered SR nena, Wn hands

sic “Bc 73sec
No mail or telephone orders filled.

6 quart

  

Another Great Underprice RibbonSale

Colored satin Taffeta Ribbons, high lustrous finish, and all the
wanted colors

3 inches wide, 12c. a yard 4 inches wide, 16c. a yard

44 inches wide, 19c. a yard.

Black double faced Liberty Ribbons, Gold Ship Brand, made in
France, celebrated the world over tor its superior quality and finish.
These are less than the ectual cost:

2 inches wide, !2c. a yard.
24 inches wide, |5c. a yard,
2; inches wide, 17c. a yard.
5} inches wide, 35c. a yard.
Black Taffeta Ribbons. made in Switzerland, extra fine quality,
rich, lustrous black, 3% inches wide..... 165c. a yard
Black Taffeta Ribbons, 4% inches wide, made by one of the best
manufacturers in this country, who is noted for his well finished
nibbons: this width and this grade are so scarce now that we

     
     
   
     
     
       
     
           

  

     
 
    
   
  
    
      
  
   

n floor, center East Building.

a Dress Trimmings--Under Cost.

I}CHNESS and quiet elegance mark these garnitures, that
Re in many instances make all the difference between an
ordinary garment and a Parisian costume. And prices
are so wonderfully little they will find prompt welcome:
49c., worth 08c. to $175 a yard. Colored Applique Trim-
ming, some on chiffon; others on taffeta silk, assorted designs,
different colorings, 1% to 3 Inches wide.
69c,, worth $1,75 to $2.75 a yard. Black or white silk
Applique Tnmming, assorted designs, 2 to 4 inches wide.
98c., worth $2.00 to $2.75 a yard. Black or white silk
peau Trimming, assorted designs, 3 to 6 inches wide.
$1.49, worth $3.00 to 46.00 each. Black spangled Garni-
tures, some with steel beads and lace effects.
O8c., worth $1. 50 each. Black silk Garnitures.
$1.19, worth $2.00 to $4.00 each. Black silk Collars, with
stole effects. Main floor, rear, Central Bullding

 

HUNTING THE CAVE TIGER country around about there, I wanted to
soot a tiger myself.

“I said so, My friend explained that
the tigers were found among the caves,
but I didn’t raise any serious objection to
that, hearing that there was little jungle
about there. You see, I didn’t know.

“My friend said he'd fix it for me. When
I was so set on the tiger shooting he was

‘The guide said it was not the regular
haunt of the tiger, but he occasionally
used it, and now he was pretty sure he
knew the cave where that tiger would be.
He took me to another cave

“There were many tracks at this one.
They led into a narrow, dark opening which
you couldn't enter upright. But the tracker
relighted his torch, signed to me to get

YOU CRAWL INTO HIS PARLOR
WITH A TORCH AND POT HIM.

The Theory ls That He Fears the Light
and Won't Take Advantage —-story of

oe wee te ae e co as anxious as 1. He lent me @ rifle, found | down on my hands and knees and get in
por Galn, Mays Me.) 4a native tracker and the next morning “Again I was ashamed to refuse, |
P There is good hunting in China exciting | “e tracker and I set off went in

enough to suit any sportsman. It is thor- “We went by boat up the river to the tiger “Behind me, blocking the passage, camo

country, After an hour or two we came
to a spot where the banks were high and
rocky and honeyeombed with many caves
and openings. Then we landed and my
guide began to examine the cave mouths
for tracks.

“At lust, at the mouth of » large, dark

the tracker, with his lighted torch just over
my shoulder. Groping on hands and knees
along 4 winding hole, I could see only two
or three yards ahead

“Beyond that was inky blackness. Moro
than once T thought I aaw the tiger's shape
in front of me. But each time the guide

oughly sportamanlike, also, for it is an
equal contest between the hunter and his
quarry. The quarry is a tiges

Tigers in the Chinese hunting country
are found in caves in rocky territory. The
method of getting one is simple

The hunter enters the tiger's cave when

the tiger is in it, and shoo. There are no | fissure, he pointed out some marke ip the | behind prodded me to go on. I hated to,
dogs, no beaters, no aids of any kind, save | 64nd which he said were the tracks of a but T went
a native tracker holding a torch. There- | tiger. He wasn’t satisfied that they were “We must have penetrated fifteen or

fresh, but nevertheless be lit a toreh and
signed to ine to enter

“Then for the first time | realized jus
what | was up against,

*) confess freely that I didn't like it. J
think I'd have backed out if | could, but
there J was, committed to the enterprise
There was no gelling out of i, 6O, reammmis-
ing myself with the notion that f my triend
could Will tigers that way | could, J saw
that my rifle was properly loaded and
elepped in trout of the tracker

"The cave widened inside and in the floor
of cleas white sand the tracks were plainly
visible, The cave was not large, though,
and theve wae no tiger inside, Being sure
of that we went on,

fore it is advisable to see the tiger quickly,
to shoot even more quickly whey you do
nee him, and not to miss him when you
phoot

A returning American who tried this
sirenuous Bporl once only once was tell
ing about his experience the other day
This is his story of the most exciting hunt-
ing trip he ever took or ever expects to lake

“I happened to be pear Amoy, not long
afler the recent unpleasantness in China,”
he paid, “and there | met a friend who is
employed in the Chinese custome service
He lo a keen eportaman, and I thought then
that | was, Naturally, when he showed
ne soveral fine tiger ekins and told me
thet Le had ehot the tigers himself in the

twenty yards in this way when I found the
Passage widening and aw that it led into a
larger cave. | was just about Ww enter
thie congratulating myself that heve at any
rate | could stand upright and move, in
stead of being cramped on hands and knees
ai the merey of whatever there wan ahead,
when the tracker seized my arm from be
hind and pointed over my shoulder into the
at Mt sienna

"ET couldn’! sae @ thing af firm and 1
couldn't deseribe my feelings, but then the
guide raised hie toreh a littl, and T per.
caived ouly @ few yards in trout of me two
burning eyehalls, apparently close to the
ground,

“lt waa @ case of ating quickly ead

eee

 

 

A> STRAUS || |LuDWIGBAUMANN & COMPY

 

 

} | GRAY ENAMELLED WARE —TEA
and COFFEE POTS in 3 sizes; 3
i qts., 41c.; 2 qts, 87c.; 1% 3ic

     

RETAIL.

8TH AVE,, 35TH TO 36TH ST., N. Y.
FURNITURE ENTRANCE—200 v0 208 West Thirry-sixth Street, Near Eighth Avenue, New York City

|
——————-@

 

 

 

 

a

Values That Speak Volumes. |

atchless Assortments - Attractively Priced.

 

 

Ee

 

 

 

—_—_—

 

—

 

———————“_—_--—-——

 

 

 

 

 

of o¥et84712%| DINING ROOM FURNITURE. | wxnrie ut

NOVEL-
A very complete and well-chosen assortment of all ‘

requisites for the perfect equipment and adornment
of the modern dining room. ¢ Styles innumereble, repre-

   

TIES, Cabinets and Cabi-|
net Tables, of the latest and
most decorative designs,
beautifully ornamented with
figure ana floral effects and

at a special range of very
attractive prices. |

LADIES’ DESKS, in|
great variety, in all the most |
popular woods; very special |
values offered this week;
in bird's-eye maple, special
at $4.65; x mahogany and

olden oak, spe-

Sial value for... 4.25,
SECTIONAL BOOK-
, constructed of F
qu oak, highly
polished golden finish,
glass doors of heavy
plate, various eines, at
very low prices

 

| plate glass doors. In highl or polished finish, and in the popular weathered oak |
| polished golden oak, with Very special prices. |
14.59 |

CELLARET {
of most complete

in mission designs.

| superior cabinet
work and finish ..

 

  
 

  
   

VERNIS-MARTIN PARLOR CHAIR,
very choice design, beautiful floral and | CASES
figure decorations on the finely carved
design — with re-| back; wood seat, aleo decorated; fare
frigerator and Com-| shaped rungs; special 9 35

rtments for stor- | yalue..... i

~ Blankets.

ae

eee reneee |

 

ing -- drawer and

copper-covered : SIC CABINET of
aliding shelf—upper | 10-4 size, pair... 6. eee eee eens Ge one bins design, in
section complete | 11-4 size, pair. .....-. seen eee ees O8e | highly polished mahog-

glasses, de-
canters, cigar jar,
&c., in heavy
giass of choice

Pn 40.25

with any finish; in cabinet
work and detail faultless;

is 38 in. high, 18 in. wide. }

4,49

12-4 size, extra heavy, pair...... 1.80
CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS,

strictly all wool:

10-4 Bize, PAIT. 6... eee eee

11-4 size, pair .

12-4 size, pair. 6... eee eee eee

 

 

 

 

 

Christmas Gifts—Select Them Now While Our Stocks Are Largest.
Goods Stored Until Wanted.

 

 

 

—_—

 

CARPET DEPARTMENT.

A NEW CHENILLE RUG--Handsome light border, plain
centre, in red, blue, green and olive; reversible; in sizes as

follows:
% 9x12

17.00 23.00 33.00
ROYAL WILTON MATS—18x36 in.; value $2.00, 1.55

REVERSIBLE BRUSBELS, INGRAIN ART SQUARES
ox

UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT.

Seasonable specialties in Irish Point and Renaissance,
Very
7 ft, 6x10 ft. 6

6x9

| EXTRA QUALITY IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS.

| Reg. value, $4.75; special, per PAIL. .-crcccess

| Reg. value, $7.26; special, per pair... ay

  

Reg. value, $10.00; special, per pair..... Ratnseseornciee 24 yd. x 8 yd. a8
NOVELTY RENAISSANCE, MARIE ANTOINETTE, Seay pees x
SAVOY AND POINT DE LUXE LACE CURTAINS: 6.50 7.50 9.75
. ; , 1 ae biases ly
Reg. value, $3.50; special, per pa@ir.......--.ss0..+-05+ 1.08 VELVET RUGS—Heavy quality; former
Hee. value, $6.75; Special, per PA@ir...scee-seeseres ese. BTM $24.00, At. ccrcce eee cenee etre tect t eee eeee Pecnne 16 00

3.08 ORIENTAL RUGS—A large invoice just opened, in-
cluding come handsome hall runners; upward 9.00

CPO... . cc errr saccerreserrrcvereceersreececwor ees eens

Bruseels, Ax-
minster and Velvet Carpets, all the newest shapes,

At, CMON... cccrsecerecceecersrscseccesceoeseeseercees 25c

SEND FOR CARPET CATALOGUE IN COLORS.
—_—_

| Reg. value, $7.25; special, per PAIF....cce-seoeeeeveces

RUFFLED BOBBINET CURTAINS, 3 yards long, pretty
lace insertion and edging.
Reg. value, $1.98; special, per pair,
Reg. value, $2.75; special, per pair. 7
$3.50; special, per pAir......--seesseeeere:

HASSOCKS—500 of very newest styles in
. 1.19

 
 

1.40

Reg. value, 1.08

 

 

 

 

 

 

—_—
’ THE RIVAL MANHATTAN RANGE,

burns coal only and is a thoroughly
reliable, well made and economical
range; five holes; good, large oven,
nee tae ee sizes; with
7 in. lids, $8.26; wit in

MAB aicemrecrccnaeeuunis ; 6.75

CATALOGUE.
. ,
“Guide to Housekeeping,’
484 pages, divided into
three sections.
For 200. the full set mafied, or separately
as follows:—
Send for new. Furniture, seotion No, 1);
pages, 282; postage, 10c.
Send for Carpets, Bedding, section No
10; pages, 136; postage, éc.
Send for Crockery, section No. 6; pages,

116; postage 4c.
Send for Go-Cart, section E; free.

PEERLESS REFRIGERATOR, No.
3 size, made of hardwood, with ex-
cellent finish throughout; holde 75
Ibs. of ice, and completely insulated
with mineral

wool,
Epecial .......-seseseeeeeeees 10.75
INCANDESCENT GAS _ LIGHTS
insure powerful light with saving
complete with good quality

Housefurnishings.
are OF RICE BOILERS, 60c
seamless; 4 qts., $1.00; 2 qts..

IMPORTED JAPANESE SCREEN,
4 parole, handsomely embroidered in
gold thread, is 66 in. high, 76 in. wide;

imited 3. 25

|
WARDROBE—O!f excel-
lent design and peer
cabinet work and nish.
One section with sliding
shelves aud drawers, the
other complete, with hooks,
ac. In_ highly lished
quartered o8 =~ po) len fin- ,
tah, Special value? 3.29
LIBRARY BQOKCASE, | senting all periods, and in the choicest selected woods,
IF Fad ‘ soca es including mahogany, Antwerp and golden oak, waxed |
e
| :
| Marie Antoinette and other handsome lace curtains.
| moderate prices and radical reductions, as these figures
| indicate:---
;
;

worth $5.00; here for a
time at....... :

PHONOGRAPHS AND GRAPHO-
PHONES, HORNS, RECORDS and all
similar requisites at very special
prices.

Special inducement. in COLUMBIA
X P MOULDED PROCESS RECORDS;
all the ipevioet piusions rayon and
a complete catalogue to select
from; all to go at, sack On 25¢

Others to select from.

COMBINATION DRESSING GLASS
AND TOWEL RACK; very well made, Send for Refrigerator, section F; free
in highly polished golden oak finish, Bend for Baby Carriage, section G; free.
with mirror shelf and towel 59c OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL

1

° 5 rack; special value.........-.-. 0 O'CLOCK. |
_—_—_— @ ;

ei

of gas; :

mantle, shade and chimney,

for this sale only.........-
ENGLISH PORCELAIN DINNER

SET for 12 people, beautiful under-

glaze Gaonkes ah in grenns and blues;
retty shapes, large plates an

| meat platters: very special at a 49

38c

 

QEB cere ere nsec ree reer cer eeeaes
|} PARLOR LAMP of very effective
istyle; fancy red glass globe and base;
\brass mountings; fine burner and
all the improved devices for regulat-
ing light; this is a special
attraction at... ...cseceeee

e

004640406000 0050600000000000090006 0000000 000004040000004000090F0000S0000S SO OCOOSOOEOSOSOSS OOS OOOOOOSD FUSSED HUSH OOOO ODE EHO POPOOOD OOOO DL ODOOPD OOS OOP $ OS S9SO9SS0SO099O0O8

 

 

 

 

 

 

0990900090000

| BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
nn renee ta)

     
   

     
    

 

making no mistake. I raised my rifle,
and with the light of the torch behind me
on the eights, I aimed straight between the
two pointe of fire and pulled the trigger
“The concussion, in the confined space,
almost deafened me. At the same mo-
ment the tracker jammed his torch into
the sand and extinguished it, leaving us
in total darkness. Before J knew what |
was happening I felt him dragging me |
backward through the passage, and in a|
few seconds we were in the open air. \
“I asked the man what was to be our
next move, I didn’t tell him so, but 1}
was determined on one thing. Boing |
j
|

 

 

RAR AAA AARAARAAAAAARAA AAA

 

ANN

 

OURNEAY & BURNHAM|

Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
PALA OLAPPIS

OUR ANNUAL SALE OF
Women’s

KID GLOVES
at $1.00

Will be held to-morrow, It is an important event. A red letter day in the
world of Gloves, Fruitful of great values as our previous $1.00 Glove
sales have been—this is materially more so. It comprises

$00 DOZENS HIGH GRADE GENUINE LAMBSKIN GLOVES.

Made of perfect skins, bright, fresh and elastic. Full pique, Paris point
stitching, with one pearl clasp. Colors comprise new tans, modes, reds,
grays, browns, oyster white and white and biack. Bwery palr is fully
guaranteed as to fit and quality. Wisdom and economy sug- $ if 00
gest the purchase of these Gloves in half and dozen pair lots. °

MEN’S LAUNDERED
: WHITE SHIRTS

$1.50 to $2.00 Shirts at 67.

Unequtvocally the Greatest Value Ever Offered,

Every Shirt in the lot will bear rigid inspection, Every one is per-
fectly made of finest material, fvery one will fit with the perfection of
custom work,

They have long oF ehort boseme, made of especially fine Quality linen 90 are the ner

and wristbands me have cu@es atta , Bome ore Open back only, others oper
front and | peinauehip oe ayefyluess of bish the Bhiurte ore par ed

ie om ‘4 1 ome styler if some izes Are Boney hat
Nat « ingle bist in the lot werth lege than
n comprises te 6? 00 grades rice Mondey 6 C

    
     
       
       
   
      
        
     
     
        

 

 

 

would induce me to enter that cave again,
with possibly only a wounded tiger in it.

“However, the man was jubilant. He |
declared that I had killed the beast. How |
he knew, seeing that he had extinguished |
the light the moment I fired, I couldn't
imagine and he dido’t explain.

“Now, | waa by no means sure that I
had hit the tiger at all, but after relighting |
the torch the native said there was no
danger and he was going in to see He |
went, I atayed outside and registered a |
mental vow that nothing should ever per- |
suade me to so tempt Providence aga, |

“The man came out again after what |
seemed to me an interminable interval,
and he was beaming with joy. He said
that the tiger was atone dead, shot through
the brain. Then he went to fetch the two
boatmen to help us haul the beast out |

“We did it by tying a rope around the
body and the three of us pulling on it, while |
the fourth guided the weight over the |
rough spots. It took an hour of hauling
lo do it

"It proved to be a maie Uiger of not
very large size, but in excellent condition,
with a beautifully marked skin. “By after-
boon we had that off and were on our way
home,

*Now, my friend assured me later that
Liger hunting of thal sort wae as aafe as
such sport could be Among the many
expeditions after these cave tigers that he
had taken part in, he said, he had never
known @ iniachance. The tiger whether
missed or bit, never charged Whether
the light and ite sudden exstingvishing
contuaed him or not he didn't now, but
ho nocidenmt ever ovourred

“Io may be true,” concluded the man
who had tried it once, *but I'm all in on
thet oyort Never again for me.”

     
  
 

nae Fi

oallone
Hagel eae aor
Wonsto Bb.