i]

 
     

 

FURBULENT SECOND MEETING
OF BUILDING-LOAN CO.

 

Great Majority of Shares Represented Said
to Have Voted te Charge 6196,000
in Losses Against Their Credits Pro
Rata and Thereby Be Healed.

Behind locked doors, with four policemen
outside to repel invasion and six more
within to suppress overviolent dissension, a
meeting was held yesterday in a hall in the
Presbyterian building at the call of the
officers of the defunct New York Building-
Loan Banking Company to “apportion a
deficit of $775,000 pro rata against the
credits to the shares of stock of the com-
pany.” After a four houre session that was
interrupted by stormy objections from
shareholders the officers declared that the
resolution had been carried by an over-
whelming majority.

Since the meeting on Monday last, when
the police reserves were called out to pro-
tect the officers from violence, the following
notice had been sent to about 3,000 share-
holders

SOLVENCY AMID

_TAMMANY I8 HELL-TWAIN.
!

; Serry Ho Coukin’t Linger te Welcome
Lacy, Known in “Punch” as “Toby, M. P.”
While the supereminent Yankee humorist,

Mark Twain, was aboard ship yesterday
preparing to go to the balmy Mediterranean,
a distinguished English jester, H. W. Lucy,
known in Punch as “Toby, M. P.,” was on
the Cunard pier, carefully watching the

, inspectors who rummaged over his several

| trunks full of new British witticisms guar-

' anteed to fit the American temperament.

He got here on the Lucania.

Mr. Lucy and Mr. Clemens met abroad
years ago and tentatively formed agort of
partnership for the publication of a ‘paper
to be called The Obituary. Their echeme
was to write the obituaries of wealthy per

| eons before they died and submit the ecreeds

| to the subjects. It was hoped that the sub-
| jecta might buy up whole editions of the
Paper after paying for the elimination of
certain things usually published only in a
hot political campaign. Mr. Clemens said:

“It was to be a great money maker.
That’s the reason I decided to cut Lucy
out. I found out that there was more in
it for Twain than for two. That pun is
British enough to have been made by Lucy
himeelf. I wish you would tell him that I’m

 

GENTLEMEN: The officers of our company : sorry I couldn't welcome him to America.
have called another meeting, to be held Satur- | I will even authorize you to remark that
day, Oct. 24, at 10 A. M,, at 158 Fifth avenue, ; I regret that I cannot ‘linger longer, Lucy.’”
for the purpose of making another effort to | Geeaking in serious aha, a hye

jom through their resolution by which we
wi|] lose 20 per cent. more of our money.

Rumors have come to our ears that on this
occasion the life of at least one officer may be
attempted. We also learn that physical vio-
lence may be generally wreaked on the heads
of all the officers.

Anything of this sort will ruin our cause,
and we appeal to all the members to consider
now dispassionately what the result of any
such foolishness might be, We should all
attend thig meeting. By using a little com-
mon sense we can gain our end. Violence
will do us no good, but will certainly hurt us
jn every way. Vote against the resolution.
Yours respectfully,

THE PROTECTIVE LEAGUE.

Ar 10 o'clock the doors of the meeting
room were opened, and the shareholders
vere allowed to pass in single file between
two rows of policemen to the door. There
they were halted by Joseph Eustace, at-
torney for the company’s officers and
brother to Mark Eustace, the vice-president.
He demanded the name and credentials
of each person. The name was then called
to some one inside, who verified it. Charles
S. Selmer, who says he owns twelve shares,
but who made a speech last Monday sug-
gesting that the shareholders turn the
officers out and themselves take charge

of the meeting, was turned down by Eustace |

because be had not thought it necessary
to bring credentials with him.
At 11 o’clock the last eligible shareholder

had been admitted and the doors were |

locked.

In about ten minutes, when the doors were
opened to let a woman out, the reporters
outside heard a great shouting, the whole
hall seemed to be in an uproar. When the
woman was questioned, she said:

“T was afraid to stay in there any longer.
Everybody was shouting and waving his
arms and trying to be heard.”

From then on there was a constant exodus |

of shareholders, ‘They came out in twos
and threes. Every time the door was
opened the reporters could hear above
the racket the epithets “thieves,” “crooks,”
“graftera.”

Those who came out said that there
was No use Gray ing in, that everything had
been arranged, and that no resolutions
were listened to but those that had been
scheduled.

From these people it was also learned
that the meeting had been called to order
by Mark Eustace, Winslow Buzby actin
as secretary. Immediately H. B. Cottre
of 8 Park place jumped to his feet and
moved that the meeting adjourn sine die.
To the shareholders the ayes seemed to
drown the noes, but Mar
clared the motion lost. A resolution was
offered that a standing vote be taken, but
the chairman refused to entertain it. This

rovoked a storm.
ution wae then offered:

Resolved, That the sum of $775,000,
the amount of the losses sustained
company, be apportioned by charging said
sum pro rata against the credits to the shares
of the stock of the company’s shareholders,
and said losses are hereby so apportioned,
and the officers of the company are hereby
authorized and directed to make such pro
rata charge against the credit to the stock of
each shareholder of the company and the
book value of such share after making such
charge of such sum of $775,000, as aforesaid,
ay be and is the present value of such
share.

Resolved, That the apportionment of said
losses, as aforesaid directed, is in the judg-
ment of the shareholders for the best in-
terest of all the shareholders of the com-
pany.

This provoked another outbust of clamor-
ous objection. After one or two speakers
had been heard in favor of the resolution
it was put toa vote. It took an hour to
count the vote by shares and the platform
was a storm centre. ; ,

A Sun reporter who managed to get into
the meeting at this time heard a man who
had rushed excitedly to the platform cry:
“You are a lot of thieves! I’m responsible.
I'm Leon Durieu of 371 Broadway. Here's
a policeman—have him lock me UB for
defamation of character if youdare. I was
good enough to be a guest in Buzby’s house
Pe play cards. That’s how I was taken
n

being

The votes having been counted, the chair-
man announced that the resolution had been
carried, 1,237 ayes to 84 noes. A half dozen
people were on their feet offering resolutions.
The chairman paid no attention to them.

“A resolution has been put and carried,”

hecontinued, “that weadjourn. This meet- |

ing is now adjourned.”

Mark Eustace left the hall under the
escort of three heavily set men. As he
ieft the Twentieth street entrance he was
met by a battery of cameras. He pulled
his overcoat over his face and dodged back
{nto the hall, saying to one of hin escorta,
“Go out and give that fellow a crack in the
jaw,”

When he tried the Fifth avenue entrance
he was again confronted by the camera
me). This time one of his escorts punched
4 photographer—from behind.

lo a Son reporter Mark Eustace said:
*The concern ia not insolvent, This reso-
lution that we put through to-day is merely
@ matter of irk.”

When he was asked if it would not lessen
the value of the individual shares, he re-
ferred the reporter to his brother. The

tter said:

“This $775,000 will be taken pro rata from
the accrued interest due the shareholders
on our books, By the removal of this
amnount of indebtedness from the books
of the company the concern can become
solvent and be taken out of the hands of
the receiver, This will eave the company
the thousands of dollars that the receiver
would eat up. So you see that the 6 -
holders are really benefited by this -

lution, though they don’t seem to know it.®

The followed a talk on the companys

narces, into whieh Col, D. C, Robinson

Counsel for the officers, threw this illumi-

Mali, remark: “Solvency, in this case,
a matter of bookkeeping.”

Dr HENSON TO GO TO BOSTON,

Will Kesign From the Hanson Place Baptist
Chareh To-day.
lhe Kev, Dr. P. 8. Henson, pastor of
the Hasson place Paptiet Chureh, Brooklyn,
hae received a unanimous call to the pas-
orate of the Tremont Temple, Boston,
viich Der George C. Lorimer, now of the
Madinon Avenue Baptist Church, left two
yours ago He will read bis reaiguation
'o lhe mombers of his church at the service
His morting. He will preach his first
wii as pastor of Tremont Temple on
Ly He not) has been pastor of the Hanson
i Naptet Church bor about two Kites’
a8 x eucceeded the Rev, Dr, A.C. Dison.
Kile hr call was not extended until Friday
Ui « Inatter had been Uader consider -
‘or some time. Dir. Henwon pr
 Jienot Temple during the sumper
and tly afterward be was oov
Seetiliig « Cail

 

 

Eustace de- ; 8
1 cards of announcement, which will com-

 

The following reso- |

by the |

rr EC SO

said: “I am of the opinion that the people
of New York will return Mayor Low. Fusion
must be likened to heaven in comparison
to Tammany, which is certainly hell.”

Mr. Clemens said he always had felt
sorry for Noah in getting the animals aboard
the ark; but that he felt sorrier than ever
| yesterday, looking after four women and
eighteen trunks.

Mr. Lucy is going to be the guest of Seo-
retary of State John Hay in Washington.
He will write things about the opening of
Congress for a syndicate of English news-
Papers.

MR. HEALY'S SUDDEN MARRIAGE

Lost His Head and His Heart at the Same
Time, Says His Father.

A. Augustus Healy, president of the

Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences,
who lives on Columbia Heights, confirmed
yesterday the report of the marriage of his
son, Henry Wilder Healy, to Mra. Elizabeth
Zita Dickens of Milwaukee. Henry W.
| Healy was engaged to Miss Laura Hubbard
| of Englewood, N. J., and his friends were
greatly surprised when they learned that
he had broken off the engagement with
Miss Hubbard and had been quietly married
| to a woman not known to them.
\ A. Augustus Healy said yesterday that
"he was sorry that the fact of the tnarriage
had been made public, as cards announcing
the marriage were to be sent out on Monday.
He said there was no mystery about the
rae and there was little sensation in the
acts.

“My son went to Wisconsin op business,”
Mr. Healy said, “the first of June, and almost
immeédiately formed the acquaintance of
| the young woman whom he married on

Aug. 7. In doing this, from our point of
: view, he lost his head and his heart at the
sametime. My son’s idea was not to inform
us of his marriage by letter, but orally,
! after he should return East a few weeks
later, thinking that, with a full explanation,
wo would be entirely content with his choice,

“After Receiving such explanation from
him, and after a full Seay into the mat-
ter and interviews with my son's wife
had by both Mrs. Healy and myself, an
a full knowledge of her received from

mutual friends in the West, we found that
! we could not reasonably object to my son's
choice of a wife, however much we might
have objected, and did object, to the sud-
denness and the manner of his marriage.
We therefore concluded, in agreement
with the mother of the bride, to issue the

 

'
|

 

pletely terminate the affair.

“We all regret, inchiding my son, that
the marriage occurred so soon after his

engagement to Miss Hubbard, whom we
| hola in very high regard. As to what
| passed in the way of correspondence be-
' tween Miss Hubbard and my son prior to
his marriage, I am not informed.

“My son’s wife’s name is Elizabeth Zita
Dickens. She was the widow of Heber
W. Dickens of Milwaukee, who died two
; and a half yoare ago. He was highly re-
; spected and a member of an excellent
| family of that city. My son and his wife
i are of the same age, both 25. I will say
| that both Mrs. Healy and myself have
| a very favorable opinion of my son's wife,
! resulting both from our personal meetin
‘ with her and from what we have learn
| from others.”

+ At the time that young Mr. Healy met

Mrs. Dickens she was employed as a sten-
! ographer in the office of the Wisconsin
| Republican League. Mr. Healy and his

bride are now in Pennsylvania, where he
1 is attending to business in the interest
of the United States Leather Company,
by which company he is employed.

DR. ROBERTSON RESIGNS.

Retires From the Superintendency of
Elmira Reformatory.

Extaana, Oct. 24.-Dr. Frank W. Robert-
| son, superintendent of Elmira Reforma-
| tory, has resigned his position here to take
| effect Dec. 1. Joseph T. Scott, general
| guperintendent of the Massachusetts State
Reformatory, has been appointed to suc-
ceed Dr. Robertson. Mrs. Robertson left
the Reformatory quarters, where they re-

sided, weeks ago for New York, and it was
| reported here that she was taken ill there.
| Dr. Robertson left on Wednesday to join

her, and he is now stopping at the Hotel
| Marie Antoinette in New York and will
| return here on Monday. Dr. Robertson
announced to the board that his reason for
resigning was that he desired to resume
his medical practice in New York.

Dr. Robertson came to Elmira about
eight years efo as resident physician
under Supt. Z. R. Brockway. He served
about three years, and was made general
superintendent to succeed Supt. Brock-
way when the latter was ousted. Dr,
Robertson is a native of Owego, his father
at one time being Chief of Police atthat
place, Before coming to Elmira Dr. Rob-
ertson was a Bellevue Hospital physician.
The resignation was made several weeks
ago, but was laid on the table by the board.
It will be accepted by the board of managers
at their November meeting.

MORE GERMAN TEACHING NOW.

Supt. Maxwell Denies Some Statements
About the Schools.

City Superintendent of Scliools Maxwell
denied yesterday the statement that fewer
pupils now receive instruction in German
in the schools of the whole city than form-
erly in Manhatian and the Bronx alone.

He added:

“The number of children throughout
the city studying German this year {s very
much ger than it was last year in Man-
hattan and The Bronx,and they are study-
ing it to much greater advantage than
formerly, Under former regulations the
study was a farce, but now it gets as much
time a# mathematics. It is absolutely
false that German teachers have been dis-
missed. Not one German teacher has
peen dismissed this term, but a dozen ad-
ditional ones have been engaged

“[ never threw any petitions presented
by German societies Into the waste hasket,
as osserted in the published story.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Leonard Kipp Killed by » Train.

Waite Piaine, N.Y, Oct. 24, Leonard
Kipp, 17 years old, was killed by a train
on the Harlem Railroad late last night near
Pleasantville In get ing out of the way
of one train he ” in front of the
C osprens. was @ relative of
Under M. Lene of Weat-
chester county.

 

; son of Fiber met him.

 

 

POLICE ARREST THE FATHER,
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER.

 

The Fibers Dealt With a Detective, Who
Poeed as a Disorderly Heuse Keeper
—Did a Whelesale Business With
Breoklyn and Cities in New Jersey.

Ten days ago an anonymous letter was

sent to the District Attorney’s effice saying |
that the Fiber family, who live at 166 Attor- |

ney street, were trafficking in East Side
girls. This letter was turned over to [n-
spector Schmittberger to investigate and
he consulted Capt. Rooney in whose pre-
cinct the Fibera live. Capt. Rooney didn’t
know anything about them and Schmitt-
berger detailed two of his own men to look
into the matter.

On Oct. 14 Detective Lemmon, accom-
panied by a woman, called on Levy Fiber,
who is a man of 6. Lemmon introduced
himself as a keeper of a disorderly house in
Brooklyn in search of inmates for his place.
He saw Fiber, his wife Jennie, aged 50, and
his married daughter, Gertie Satenbarg,
18 years old, and all three, he says, agreed
that they could supply his wants.

Lemmon, who said his name was Turner,
impressed on the trio that he wanted only

    
   
     

Ee

 

CHINAMEN TO HANG.

@ne Paid te Sheulder Crime and Gave
Others, but Sehemo Falis.

Vancouver, B. C., Oct. 24.—Two rich
Chinamen of Bagbar, on the Frazer River,
who paid a poverty stricken countryman
to bear the blame for the murder of Ah
Chee, in which all three participated, have
had their scheming frustrated. At Clinton
Assizea yesterday the three men were found
guilty of murder, and Chief Justice Hunter
sentenced them all to hang on December 4.
Sack Chun, the man who was paid by Ah
Gun and Gum Tai to swear away his own
life, etuck to his story at the trial, but cir-
cumstantial evidence went strongly to show
that Ah Gun and Gum Tai were concerned
in the crime.

 

ITALIANS TO WORK SOUTH.

They Are Preferred to Negroes, Italian
Soclety’s Agents Say.

Because of the industrial awakening in
the South and the unpopularity of negro
labor, Italian immigrants will in the future
be diverted to regions of the latitude of
their own sunny Italy. Two officials of the
Society for the Protection of Italian Immi-
grants of 17 Pearl street, Charles B. Phipard,
manager, and Gino C. Speranza, secretary,
have just returned from the Southern
States with the information that negro labor,

young girls. The Fibers said they had | because of its unsteadiness and improvi-

none to eell at the present time, but they
told Lemmon they would certainly get him
as many young girls as he wanted. When
Lemmon left he gave them an address
where they could reach him.
Four days later Lemmon received a note
signed by Levy Fiber asking him to call
the following day. The note was written
by Mrs. Satenburg. _When Lemmon called
the next day Levy Fiber, his wiie and his
daughter said that ihe had selected a
fifteen-year-old girl who lived in the neigh-
borhood for him.
“She is pretty and a blonde,” said Mrs.
Fiber, “and she has never been in a house
before. She is the daughter of a fish pedler
and we will get her for you.”
Lemmon agreed to pay $25 for the fish
pedler’s daughter if she was all that she
was represented to be. He was to wait
a few days until the girl could be corralled.
To make sure he would get this particular
girl he paid Fiber $5 on account. It was
agreed that he should have the girl by
last Friday.
Lemmon paid another visit to the Fibers
on that day in answer to a second note
from Mrs. Satenburg. Then they told him
they had been unable to get the fish pedler’s
daughter. In her place they had another
irl, who gave the name of Rosie Rosen.
She “cc iured she was 21 years old, but she
looks about 17. _
The detective agreed to take this 1,
and he allowed the original $5 to stand as
payment for her. Lemmon took the girl
to the District Atorney’s office, where she
made a sworn statement. Then she was
allowed to go, but warned not to tell what
had happened or where she had been.
Lemmon called again on Friday night,
still clamoring for other girls. He didn’t
et any then, but he made an engagement
for yesterday afternoon. When Lemmon
appeared at the door the thirteen-year-old

“Oh, papa has got a whole room full of
girls upstairs for you,” was the child’s

cresting. ; ;
The detective found eizht girls sitting
about with four cadets. Fiber and his wife
and daughter were there, too. Lemmon
icked out two of the girls at Mrs. Fiber’s
nvitation to “take his pick.” Lemmon
finally decided to take only one of the girls.
She gave the name of Lena Brown and sai
she was 18 years old. Lemmon started to
hand Fiber a marked $5 bill for this giri.
Mrs. Satenburg grabbed the money from
him, saying:
“Mother handles all the money. [If father
got it he would drink himeelf to death.”
Lemmon left the house with the Brown
girl, and when he t to the street his
aides, who were in hiding, hurried into the
house. They arrested Fiber, his wife and
daughter, who carried a seven week old
baby girl. Three younger children of Fiber
were not taken, nor were the seven other
girls or the four cadets. The prisoners
were locked up in the East Fifth street
lice station. The Brown girl was not
ccked up. When Mrs. Fiber wes arrested
she hed more than $200, including the
marked $5 bill. She also had a number of
letters showing that she and her family
had been doing a wholesale business of
selling girls to disorderly houses. There
was one torn part of a letter that read:
self {n 4 day. and got crazy and went away.
Write me soon, Mrs. TAYLOR,
There was another letter, signed “Mrs,
Kelly,” written from Brooklyn. The writer
said she wanted to see Fiber at once. Still
another letter read:
NeEwank, N. J., Oct. 20.
Mr. Fiber.

Drak Str: I drop you a few lines to know
if you have the girls you promised me for
Tuesday morning. If you have not, bring
them Wednesday and bring me a nice Chris-
tian girl. If you cannot send me one by
Wednesday send me one aa s00n as you can,
and | will pay you good if you bring me a
nice girl. Yours, Mrs. E. SCuMIDT.

The police are looking up the writers of
these letters. The Fibers are Russian Jews,

dence, is in great disfavor there, and that
the tendenoy is to substitute Italian labor.

They went South to investigate condi-

ons, partly on the invitation of mill
owners and plantation owners, and while
there received many invitations to send
Italian laborers to the South, with assurance
that they will receive protection and op-
portunity to advance themselves.

Mr. Phipard cited several cases coming
under his observation where Italiana are
wanted to take the place of negroes. A
manufacturing company at Paduncah, Ky.,
would like several families to work in a
cotton factory, preferring those who have
had experience in the factories in the north
of Italy. The paneer of cotton factories
at Memphis, Tenn., said that there is a great
opportunity for Italian immigrants to en-

age in farming on the alluvial plains of

© Mississippi, where a good many Italians
are already located. The negroes have
not taken advantage of the land.

A plantation and timberland owner at
Vicksburg said that he is desirous of secur-
ing a number of Italian families for farm-
ing, preferring those from the north of
Italy. He would lease them plantations in
Louisiana. He said he would rent his
plantations either for eo much an acre,
or for so many shares of the crop raised,
which last is a common procedure in the
South. In renting land to his tenants he
furnishes the mule, provisions and a house
to live in, and sometimes pays transporta-
tion charges. At the end of the year it is
expected that all will be repaid. His wages
range from 75 cents to $1.25 a day.

A pressed brick company at Peruque,
Mo., is also mentioned as a firm that wants
Italian settlers. The company will rent
houses of four rooms to Italians for $2.50
to $3.50 a month, and give the men with
families an acre of garden ground free.

THE WEEK AT TUXEDO PARK.
Clubhouse and Cottages Fall of Guests
—Many Dinners Given.

TUXEDO, Park, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Tuxedo
had an exceeding lively week, The
clubhouse is full of well known society
people and the cottagers each have a house-
ful of guests. The ideal autumn weather
in the Ramapo Hills proved a great attract-
fon during the week's end. Many large
dinners were given, followed by whist
parties, Among the hosts were Mr. and
Mrs. Dwight Collier, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Foster, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Alexander,
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Frelinghuysen, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Lanfear Norrie, Mr. and Mrs.
George L. Rives and Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Mortimer.

Mrs. Charles Alexander gave a concert
at her cottage this afternoon at which
“Sacha Davidoff” entertained the guests.
A large crowd of the cottagers were present.
After the concert tea was served by Mrs
Alexander,

Mr. and Mrs. Pierre Lorillard left yeater-
day to spend Sunday on Long Island as
guests of Gen. and Mrs. Llovd Bryce’

On Thursday evening a dinner was given
by Mr. and Mrs. Edward Harriman in honor
of Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, at their
country cottage at Arden. Many of the
Tuxedo set were present, including Mr. and
Mrs, Charles Alexander.

Mr. and Mrs. Harry C, Havemeyer, Jr.,
also entertained at the Price cottage on
Thursday Oven:

A children’s play, “Cinderella,” will be
given at the clubhouse on Monday after-
noon at 5 o’clock, which will be patronized
by all the residents.

Mrs. James G. K. Lawrence, who was at
the Stokes cottage, and the Misses Bab-
cock, who occupied the Hancy cottage,
returned to town for the winter on Wednes-

 

y.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Hamilton passed the

They have three rooms on the first floor ofa | latter part of the week in the Adirondacks

big double decker tenement, r
lace was filthy, Lemmon says that while
e was bargaining with them one day he

pointed to the infant in Mrs. Satenburg’s

arms and told them he was after young
children somewhat older than the baby.

“You can have her,” said the child's
mother, “if you will pay for her.”

 

FORGOT THE WEDDING NOTICES.

Dr. and Mrs. Bigham Were Married on
Aug. 11 in the Cathedral,

New RocHELLE, N. Y., Oct. 24.—The

following marriage notice was printed this

morning in a New York newspaper:

JHAM-- FIN.--Avg. 11, Miss Ethel Grifin
i ir9 1} iebaw, bythe Rev. Father Martin,

at St. Patrick's Cathedral.

The bridegroom is a dentist whose office
is at 1545 Broadway, New York, and the
bride is a pretty society girl of Larchmont.
The wedding was very quiet, owing to the
death of the husband of Mrs. Charlotte
Jenks of New Rochelle, a sister of the bride.

During the summer Miss Griffin, who is
a daughter of the late Thomas Griffin, a
Fifth avenue art dealer, and Dr. Bigham
glayed golf together frequently on the links
of the Larchmont Golf Club, and it is said
much of the love making was done there,
The wedding trip was to the Adirondacks,
At present they are living with Mrs.
Bigham's sister in NewRochelle.

“The reason the wedding was private,”
taid Mrs. Jenks to-day, “was because my
whole family was in mourning owing to
the death of my husband, and the couple
evidently forgot to publish the notice hefore
the Diced on their wedding journey,
which waa immediately after the wedding.”

 

 

SUMMER PAY OF STUDENTS.

 

Columbia Men Farned 681,401, an Increase
of 618,000 Over Last Year.

Columbia students, during their summer
vacation of three montha, earned a total
of $31,401.69 accordi.g to the report of
Reuben A. Meyers, secretary of the com-
mittee on einployment for students of the
university, issued yesterday

This shows an increase of over $13,000
over the summer of 1902, Of the total
amount, $11,426.45 was earned with the aid
of the committee, while on their own ji itia-
tive, the students made $19,075.24

The large s( amount was earned by law
students, forty-eight men making 611,122.20
A factory ‘superintendent made $950;
a life i.eurance agent, $750; a tutor, 6850;
a lecturer on English literature, $200, avd
one on peychology, $450; a night watchman,
6100 and expenses, a). architectural d/wughia-
mai, $250; a hotel clerk, 6150; a pri. wer,
$175; a touriet guide, 6275; @ elreel car con.
ductor, 6170; a harvester in the wheat flelds
of Karaas, 650; bank clerk, $250, a checker
iu @ reetaurant, $176; a Lewepaper corre-

pudent, $160; and @ student who con-

a sumover camp for boys, 6600.

Their living }

Seen

at the camp of J. P. Morgan, Mrs. Hamil-
ton's father.

Mr. and Mrs. J. J. MeCook and family
arrived ai the Winter Club on Friday, and
Mr. and Mrs. Willard 8. Brown arrived at
the clubhouse to remain several days.

Among the late arrivals are Mr. and
Mrs. L. S. Chanler, Mr. and Mrs. E. Tiffany
Dyer, Mr. and Mrs. Otto Andrae, Jr., Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Meikelham, Thomaa
TZ. Waters, Louis Butler Preston, Miss
Cowan, Mrs. M. 8S. Cowan, William J.
Duane, Mr. and Mrs. Edward N. Tailer,
Miss Murray, Mr. George W. Van Nest,
Miss McCook, Miss Cromwell, Mrs. Charles
A. Murphy and M. P. Jones.

 

EXPLOSION WRECKS CARS.
Gunpowder on aN. Y., N. H. & H. Freight

Train Blows Up at Bay Chester.

An explosion which aroused Bay Chester
and City Island at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning wrecked the last three cars of an
eastbound freight train on the New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad as it
was passing through Bay Chester.

The three cars were blown to atoms and
the shock was felt for miles around. ‘The
police were positive that either one or all
of the cars contained dynamite, but the
railroad officials said that the last cars
carried a consignment of ten kegs of gun-
powder. Luckily for the crew the caboose
had been left off for fear that just such
an accident might happen.

The train was crosing the Bay Chester
treatle, where there is adown grade, when
the last car became uncoupled. When
the train slowed up the car crashed against
the one in front. The explosion followed.
What set the gunpowder off no one could
explain, ‘The three cars were blown into
the air, and then fell into the swamp beside
the tracks, on fire. No one was injured.

Sergt. Sennett of the Mounted Squad
of West Chester was on his horse at the
West Chester bridge when he heard the ex-
nlosion, He thought that an earthquake
nad happened, As he rode through Bay
Chester he found the town folks rushing
out in their night clothes and wondering
what had happened.

Sergt. Ferdon, who was on duty in the
West Chester station when the explosion
occurred, thought burglars were robbin
the post office, and sent some cops arounc
to investigate

Another policeman sent in a fire alarm,
and the firemen had to pump the wells
dry in the neighborhood to keep the flames
from spreading.to the houses near the burn-
ing cars. A wrecking train arrived, and the
track was cleared at 4:30 o'clock

Canadian Pariiament Prorogued.
Che third session

OvTAWA, Ont., Oct. 24
of the ainth Canadian Parliament was
yrorogued to-day by Governor-General
Lord Minto, who delivered the speech from
the throur

THE SUN. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1903.

MANAG

“Peeru-na is the

 

Promizent Educators From all Over
the Usited States Praise
Pe-rucaa.

From the East and West, Nerth and

 

 

South Come Leiters of
Eadorsemest.
Pref. Powell of Washiagtes, D. C,,
Recommeads Pe-ru-aa.
Prof, W. B. Powell, of W: .D.¢C.,
is one of the best known educators in the
country. For fifteen years he has been

Superintendent of the Public Schools of
Washington, which is considered the best
school system in the United States. Pro-
fessor Powell is the author of a number of
achool hooks which are used throughout
the United States.

This well known gentleman docs not
hesitate to recommend Peruna to his count-
less friends and acquaintances al) over the
United States. In a recent letter_from
1410 N street, N. W., Washington, D. C.,
to Dr. Hartinan, he says:

‘‘Persuaded by a friend, | have ased
Peruna as a ‘onic, and | take pleasure

| in recommending your remedy. Pe-

SE ees eeaeeeergnospenre-seeesasemresseens oomeee aoe oes ae
SS

rune is indzed a good medicine and
should be in every bhousehold.’'--.-
W. B, Powell.

Such straightforward evidence cannot
be overlook What the common people
say carries weight, but when a man of
national prominence says, “Peruna should
be used in every household,” it is a signifi-
cant fact to the increasing prominence and
undoubted efficacy of Peruna.

A Well Known College Man Restered by
Pe-ruena

Mr. John W. Meng, &4 Jefferson Ave.,
Indianapolis, Ind., State Representative
of tear Business College, writes:

“I firmly believe that I owe my fine health
to Peruna. Constant travel and change of
food and water wrought havoc with m
stomach, and for months I suffered wit
indigestion and catarrh of the stomach.
I felt that the only thing to dd was to give
up my occupation, which I felt very re-
luctant to do. Seeing an advertisement of
Peruna as a specific for catarrh I decided to

ive it a trial, and used it faithfully for

weeks, when I found that my troubles
had all Gia penton and I seemed like a
new man. have a bottle of Peruna in
my grip all the time, and occasionally take
a few doses, which keeps me in excellent
health.”"—John W, Meng.

Miss Elizabeth Brown, 1708 John St.,
Baltimore, Md., is a school teacher of that
pire: She found Peruna of benefit to
1er as a tonic, and in a recent letter says:

“Two years ago when my school closed
I was eo fagged out that I could not sleep
nights. Sleeplessness was a most serious
trouble to me, and I felt I ought to go away
and have complete rest, which I could illy

afford. |
“One of the teachers told me that ehe |
1

had used Peruna for two years and had

found it a wonderful tonic to build up,

the system, and so I bought some.
complete change for the better took place
within ten days. I could eat and sleep
and felt like a new woman. When school
opened again I felt well and strong and
well able to take up my work.”"—Elizabeth
Brown.

Peruna is of national fame as a catarrh
remedy. It is the only internal systemic
catarrh remedy known to the medical
profession, It makes disensed mucous
membranes healthy, whether it is the
mucous membrane lining the nos, throat,
lungs, stomach, kidneys or pelvic organs.
It cures various diseases of ell these organs,
because two-thirds of the ills of mankind
are due to catarrh. With healthy mucous
membranes climatic diseases lose their
terror, the syetem is enabled to throw
a Sone) and health follows iney-
itably.

  

SAYS:

Greatest [ledicine Manufactured.” |

Pamela ate,

AGHERS" ASSOCIATION

 

own *
vos AssociaTion,
AMERICAN TEAD™ assets
eee nenrain = ~
omy Teche nS 5 y saprtis, TENN:

 

L. GRAHAM, LL. D., Manager of

e the American Teachers’ A: socia-

tion, in a letter from 44 Randolph

-Building, Memphis, Tenn., endorses the

famous catarrh remedy, Peruna, in the
following words;

‘\] take great pleasure in stating
that Peruna,ia my opinion, is the |
greatest medicine ever manufac-
tured. | was nervous, worn-out
and completely exhausted, but alter
taking six bottles of Peruna was
rest.red to my usual health. When
l began taking Peruna I weighed
oniy 155 pouads, but in six months’
time attier | began to take it f
weighed 225 pounds, and have
retained that weight eversince,"'-«
J, L. Graham.

 

 

 

 

 

If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results from the use of Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hart.
man, giving a full statement of your case, and he will be pleased to give you his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.

  

WONDER HOW TURNER GOT IN|”

 

IMMIGRATION OFFICERS
WATCHING SHIPS

He'll Go Back by the First English Ship
That Sails—He’s Disgusted at His
Treatment—Denies That He’s a Leader
of the Anarchists--A Friend of Most.

John Turner, the Fnglish anarchist who
was arrested on Friday night at a meeting
of Socialists and anarchists in Murray
Hill Lyceum, will be deported on Wednes-
day next, in accordance with the provisions
of the law enacted after the assassination
of President McKinley.

Immigration Commissioner Williams con-
vened a special board of inquiry yasterday
to consider Turner's case. The b ard
was composed of Capt. Weldon, Major
Semsey and Inspector Stewart. They held
a secret session yesterday afternoon on
Ellis Island, At this session a letter written
by Herr Most and addressed to Turner
was read, Most addressed Turner as
“Dear Comrade” and wrote that he (Most)
would call on Turner on Saturday.

To a group of newspaper reporters who
visited him Turner declared that he was
notan anarchist leader, but simply a student
of socialism and anarchy. He said that
his work among the laboring classes of
London had led him to study political
economy and that he had come here for
the purpose of trying to organize store
clerks into labor unions.

Turner said that he had never heard of
the new law. He thought it a very poor
law and a very poor country that would
not permit free speech,

“It’s not only a shabby way to treat a
visitor, but it’s really grotesque, I came
here to discuss economic questions and
social problems, and I was very much
surprised when the immigration officers
stepped up to me while I was speaking at
the Murray Hill Lyceum. They searched
me and then brought me here. I under-
stand that they have decided to send me
back on the steamer Teutonic, which sails
on Wednesday.”

The fact that Emma Goldman and Herr
Most were at the meeting, Turner said,
had nothing whatever to do with his arrest.
He had dates to deliver four lectures in
this country in the coming month,

Commissioner Williams said he did not
understand how Turner got into the country
without the immigration authorities know-
ing it. Every ship that had arrived lately
had been scrutinized and strangers ques-
tioned as to whether Turner was aboard.
On man y of the vessels mistakes were made
by holding up the wrong Jobn Turner.

“We'll ship him back to England on the
first British steamer that leaves this port,”
said the commissioner. “If the Teutonic
sails firat, Mr. Turner will be deported on
the Teutonic. We have been laying for
him to appear here for the past three
months, but did not know he had arrived
until we got news to that effect from Wash-
ins ton,”

Negro Kills a Town Marehel in a Row.

WueeuineG, W. Va., Oct, 24,—~Marshal
Join G, Elliott of Flushing, Ohio, with
Deputy Sheriff Edward Hobson of Belmont
county, went oul last night to break up a
gang of negros who ran a apeakensy and
was shot and killed by John Vempieton, a
negro. ‘Templeton took refuge in a shanty
near the seene with @ number of other
negroes, Will Smith, a negro, shot in the
row by one of the officers, hie morn-

wg.

WERE
FOR HIM.

 

 

 

Victim of Thugs Recalls How He Was In-
jured—Elated Over Mental Restoration.

GosHEN, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Dr. Henry H.
Cate, whose memory suddenly returned
to him in part, yesterday, said to-day that
for some time past he had felt a gradual
awakening of old memories. About a
week ago he recalled the face and name of
an old school mate. Yesterday he was
reading a book on materia medica and the
continuity of thought awakened a recol-
lection of his familiarity with the medical
profession. He laid down the book and
gradually his memory unfolded,

He first recalled the interior of his office
and the fact that he had a large revolving
chair in it and near the chair stood his
medicine case. Next he recalled his es-
tablishment at Lakewood and the faces
and names of his patients. For fully an
hour the past kept unfolding. He was
highly elated over his mental restoration,
and going to the telegraph office sent a
despatch to friends in Lakewood announc-
ing his good fortune.

He recalls that on the day his accident
befell him he left his home in Lakewood
and went to New York. He had a number
of business matters to attend to and put
up at the Hotel Albert. When he finished
some pusiness the afternoon was so far
advanced that he did not have time to go

to the hotel for dinner. as he intended.
He went to the hotel, however, and then
started for a house on bifty-seventh street,
where he had an appointment with a patient,

He spent the evening there, leaving at
9:20 o'clock. He walked to the corner of
Fifty-seventh street and Sixth avenue,
where he purchased a cigar. He then went
over to the Grand Central Station and con-
versed for a few moments with the man
in charge of the newstand there. Then
he walked over Murray Hill to Park avenue
and determined to walk downtown. He
changed his mind, however, and decided
to take the Lexington avenue cars to Twelfth
street and go to his hotel.

To reach Lexington avenue he walked
through Fortieth street from Park avenue
and when half way over the block came toa
building which was being torn down. Near
one end of it was a small building put up
by the contractor, and in the shadow of
thig he attempted to step upon the planking
which had been laid above the sidewalk
As he did so he heard some one whisper
“Quick!” and next he saw what he desertin 8
a “a thousand stars.” From that moment
until the time he first realized his mis-
fortune in Kansas City his mind is a blank.

 

AID FOR JAMES DALEY,

Work Offered to the Youth Who's &pent
Half His Life in Jail,

THe SUN has received $) from “Sym-
pathy,” which it has turned over to David
Willard tor the benefit of James Fran. is
Daley, who has just been released fron
Sing Sing prison at the age ot 20, alter
serving ten years in that pribon wid other
penal Institutions. Daley wine lis release
has had several offers of employment, one

from & Well-to-do man who bas oflered him
a jobinthe West, Mr. Willard said yester-
day that Daley would probably accept
one of these offers

Daley ia still staying with Mr. Willard |
Reveral ;

at hia home at 126 Curystie street
persons have been there sine reading
about Daley, but have tailed to identify
him asa lost relative, Daley has nut lor kod
up his relatives,and Mr. Willard is jot
especially anxious that he should, as he

ves that Daley ia betier off as he is,

R. CATE'S MEMORY RESTORED.

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
   

     

User Robbed Saloounkeeper, and Then
Threw His Weapon at a Cop.

 

Edward Kramat, 40 years old, of 1199°

Fifth avenue, Brooklyn, was waylaid and
robbed early yesterday morning while on his
way from nis saloon to his home, 961 Third
avenue, He was found by Patrolman
Hurley of the Fourth avenue station suffer-
ing from a blow from a blackjack that
split his head open trom his forehead to
thise inches back of his right ear.

Kramat was passing through Fifty-sixth
street. When opppale 452 he heard quick
| footsteps behind him. As he turned to eee
who it was he was hit on the head and
knocked sense!e3s. When he recovered
he jumped up and grappled with his as
sailant, who had in the meantime rffled
his victim's pockets cf about $200. Al-
though badly injured, Kramat held onto
his man, shouting lustfly for help, until
Hurley was almost within reach. The
highwayman succeeded in throwing
to the ground and then ran away, with
Hurley in close pursuit.
fleet for the policeman and made his escape,
flinging his blackjack at the officer’s head,

Hurley found amat unconsclous on
his return and summoned an ambulance
from the Norwegian Hospital. The eurgeo
took sixteen stitches in Kramat’s wo'
and he was taken to his home.

BACK FROM MOUNT M'KINLEY.

Dr. Frederick Cook Says Another Attempt
to Scale It Will Be Made Goon,

Dr. Frederick Cook of 670 Bushwick
avenue, Brocklyn, the explorer, returned
yesterday from his unsuccessful attemps
to reach the summit of Mount McKinley,
Alaska, undertaken witha party of scientia
several months ago. He said that he was
not discouraged and would soon
another attempt to reach the goal.

Dr. Cook said that a precipitous cliff
2,000 feet from the summit was found to
be impas-able and the party was compelled
to Papen, All reached home in excellens
health.

 

 

    
  

PERSUNALS.

eed

EPILEPSY.

 

   

 

The Bethesda Sanitariuin, 02 st. Mark's av., B
lyn, gives special and successful treatment
eplicpties Terms moderate
eideewictehdiiereamisteaatoot Sent cepa pisseeno-t eens iarertaaaiae
HO you Wiss to corrcspoud or marry? If go, ad
dress, contiuentially, NATIONAL ALLIANCE, 42
Houseman Hlk., (rrand Raptds, Mien: describe
yourself: private Wst sent for 10 cents
pe ee cesceiecreen omens oases
MARHIAGE DIbECTONY iree to all. Pay
when married, New pling; send no money, For
articular adaress H, A. HORTON, Dept. 164,
Rekonsia M
‘ Oril a, LAULANUM, COCAL
eclf eured: will Inform rou of Narmless
prmanent home cure Mrs JALDWIN, bos
1212, Chivavo
a 2 OD
YOUR PORTOUNE TOLD FLOM CKADLE TO
GHAVIL. satlatactlon gus apleed vnd dime and
birth date PROF, J. MYERS, 21, 26 lL inutane
at Chleago
FREE Your Fortune Told You want the Hest
} am tue tes one inh dgia and two 2 cent
wtArT | i ‘ i. howe

A) USEYLENTS.
aeons = AAA ee
bse
DRAMATIC SCHOOL,
Volea, Action, 4 wk noodoye and Thurs
days, Blo id { begiouie velour Bw Apply
| Ube Week, evenlugs, or Wille MADAME AL selon

) Carnegle i
Rar em aes ee ee sae anne Fa eam ec
NS TUE TEN

Bohools of Mhorution sod Dramatic Art,

i hlant if) . dla
\

ai Friday even
via aol daburda if
iW ou ido ‘ov

tings, 4 wh Well
Inge At WO, cimeutate
BLOCU LON ms eet td

 

 

| ATTACK WITH A BLACKJACK. .

The man was too .