Re IS nce Se IS sctee nach Pg: a

PR TRS PA ag | Se ES

 

t
|
:

Sa Se AS =

DAILY, Per Month.... sass, #0 50

DAILY, Per Year.. sescuconunes . 600)
BUNDAY, Per Year vipiukik sieeisnspnvee ia |
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year.......0.65. $00 |
DAILY AND SUNDAY Per Montm......+- 70 |

Footage to forelgn countries added,
lux Sun, New York City |

— |

Pas Glyosdne No. i, dear Granda tovel, and
Blosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines |
|
ceeaenee |
If our friends who furor us with manuscripts for
publication wish lo have rejected ¢ rticles returned, they
must in oll case mins for (hat purpose.

  

 

Our Relation to the Far Eastern Im-
brogliio.

According to a Russian correspondent
ef the London Times, one of the most
disquieting features of the Far Kasiern
situation, in the eyes of St. Petersburg
slatesinen, is the interest displayed by
the United States in the territorial in-
tegrity and political independence of
China. We are told that the Novoe
Vremya, one of the most authoritative
of Russian journals, reflects this anxiety
in a leader, wherein it describes as one
of the most important political phenom-
ena of the twentieth century the entrance
of the United States into the arena of
Old World politics from the Mediterra-
nean to the Yellow Sea. There is no
ground for this anxiety, provided Russia
intends to respect those rights of Ameri-
can citizens which our Federal Govern-
ment has at all times shown itself de-
termined to protect.

There is nothing new in the despatch
of warships to Beirut for the purpose of
safeguarding American citizens from in-
jury, orin the announcement of our State
Department that we cannot submit to |
interference with the commercial priv-
ileges in Manchuria which we have ac-
quired by treaty with China. The Union
was scarcely a dozen years old when our
infant navy was employed against the
Barbary States for an identical purpose
in Turkish waters, The defence of our |
commercial rights has once well nigh |
embroiled us in war with France, and
constituted the principal motive that |
impelled us to defy the naval power of |
Great Britain in the War of 1812-15. It is |
not likely that now, full grown, we would |
acquiesce in aggressions on the part
of Russia that in our nonage we would
not brook from Franee or England. We
have secured by the treaty recently con-
eluded with China certain rights of com-
mercial intercourse with Manchuria, not |
only at Newchwang, but at two addi- |
tional ports, Mukden and Antung, That |
treaty has not been ratified; much less |
have the ratifications been exchanged, |
When the treaty has once been confirmed,
however, it will become operative.

It matters not by what excuse Russia
may seek to palliate her violation of the
written promise, made to our State De-
partment, that on Oct. 8 she would begin
the evacuation of the three provinces
which collectively make up the region
known to us as Manchuria. Whether
Russia goes or stays, when our commer-
cial treaty with China shall have been |
ratified the righta of trade assured to
us in Newchwang, Mukden and Antung
will be American rights.

The sooner, therefore, that Russian |
statesmen recognize the precise purport ,
and scope of our interests in eastern
Asia, the better it will be for all con-
cerned, We have no intention of becom-
ing a party to any contest between Rus-
aia and China eo long as our treaty rights |
remain intact throughout the territory |

 

 

over which the sovereignty of the Chinese |
Emperor is undisputed. We have no |
intention either of participating in a,
quarrel between Russia and Japan about
Corea, so long as our treaty rights in the
Land of the Morning Calm are respected.
Nothing is easier, therefore, than for
Russian statesmen to assure themselves |
of our neutrality.

A Wholesome Pecision.

Tho efforts of the State Superintendent
of Elections to extend the inquisitorial
powers conferred upon his office by the
Legislature beyond the limits defined |
in the act creating it have been checked
promptly and effectively by the Supreme
Court, as all similar efforts of executive
officers to exercise powers and functions
not contemplated by the Constitution |
and the statutes are checked when the
proper tribunals have an opportunity to |
pass upon the questions involved. The ,
case before the court was that of a lodger
in a hotel who refused to answer the |
question, “Are you married or single?”
when it was put to him by a deputy |
superintendent of elections, The ques- |
tion was asked in the course of an exami-
nation of the iodgers in the house, the |
object of which was to prevent any |
unqualified person from registering as a |
voter. The examination was held be- |
fore the first day of registration, and
the Superintendent of Elections con-
tended that he had power to compel |
an answer, even though the person |
to whom the question was put had had |
no opportunity to show an intention to |
register.

Upon the refusal of the person to whom |
the question was put to answer, he was |
arrested, charged with being guilty of a |
misdemeanor under Section 6 of the
Metropolitan Election District law. He
appealed to the Supreme Court, and |
Mr. Justice LEVENTRITT discharged him |
from custody. In his opinion the Jus |
tice says:

Tha Legislature has not attempted, nor can tt
none itullonally atternpt to direct an inquisition
merely because a person who has oo intention of
registertig chances to be an Ihinate of a hotel or |
lodgwmg #ouse the power is em incident of the
power ty coutrol elections, and (an have ng relation

lo hon paricipants, My registration an intending
‘gto? aubjects himself to the contemplated coutrol,
bul Bot belore, While the depullies inay make
jeh Independent investigation as they see At prior |
6 fegintration, Phud ho authority for loterrogatng
ba Individual Who they Delleve will registey, * ° # |
‘St oa) be pointed Outln passing bbal the pre-
}
|

lee Question ubjected to & embudied In the aMda-
vib reguised by Legbiative enactment where the

right to regioler \) challenged (Kleelon law, sub. |
division 6) IS Ht ls muceriod there as testing quali
Neation by lending to estabilal reaidenee, th bs
AMMeuls to sea why it is hol equally material in wo |
ebninary application haying the same end to
vow the fear expressed tia perwitiing ouch a

fatlon would lead to others be not Jiiatined; frat

| tating all Christendom.

clearly Indicated and limited by legislative en-
actment; and, secondly, because the materiality
of any question as tending to prove qualification
or to vest reasklence is not In the Inspectors or the
deputies, but In the courts. In my opinion the
question asked marks the legitimate limit to whlch
Inquirtes may be pressed."

The elective franchise is not a natural
right. It is a privilege granted by the
State to certain classes of its citizens.
Those who seek to exercise this privi-
lege declare themselves to be possessed

| of the qualifications necessary to meet

the requirements of the State, To pro-
tect the State and its qualifiedselectors in
the exercise of this privilege, the police
power of the Government is properly

ma employed to investigate the records of
| any persons who may be suspected of
| making false or fraudulent declarations.

The difference between such investiga-

| tions and the one which Justice LEVEN-

'TRITT has held to be unwarranted and
illegal is obvious. In the one, the whole
power of the State is behind the officer,
to compel the would-be voter to answer
his proper questions; in the other, the
same power protects the citizen from the
questioner.

The courts stand ready to remedy
any abuses, and at all times to uphold
the rights of the citizens against the
pretensions of the executive officers.
It is unfortunate that every act of ad-
ministrative lawlessness cannot be as
promptly brought before the courte as
was the case which Justice LEVENTRITT
has decided.

 

The Question of Popular Education.
We are again overwhelmed with corre-

| spondence on the subject of religion, at

this time on the question of religious edu-
cation for the public schools, and it is
not possible to print it all or even more
than a very small part of it and leave

| space sufficient for other subjects which

must be treated in THE SuN.

A letter from the Rev. Mr. GEER, the
vicar of the Episcopal Chapel of St.
Paul’s, of the great Trinity parish, com-
mands publication to-day because of its
source, for with him this activity of dis-
cussion began and because it is a sum-
ming up of the position of the advocates
of Christian education for the public
schools. Both sides of the question have
been presented and ably presented in
our columns, yet the controversy goes
on {increasingly among our correspon-
dents; and taught by past experience,
we foresee that it will continue in un-
diminished volume, and atill the question
will be left undecided and no nearer a
decision. Neither side will convince the
other, and practically the same argu-
ments as those we have printed will
continue to be presented by each.

This question of Christian education is
not peculiar to America. It ia now agi-
It is a pivotal
question in France. The new Educa-
tion bill in England has stirred the whole
kingdom. In Italy, in Spain, in Germany
there is similar ferment.

Meantime, the question of education
generally is receiving more attention and
arousing more discussion throughout
the civilized world than ever before. Mr.
MOSELEY has brought from England a dis-
tinguished company to study our Ameri-
can educationa] methods, and it is in-
vestigating them with laborious thor-
oughnesa; yet here there is no agree-
ment on the subject. At the dinner re-
cently given in New York to that com-
mission by President BUTLER of Columbia
University, President Hap.ey of Yale
said very truly that we are ourselves
only experimenters in education, that
we need to learn rather than have

| authority to teach on the subject.

The most impressive message to Eng-
land sent by the American speakers at
that dinner was of the practically unan-
imous interest of the American people in
education. It was pointed out by several
of them that throughout this republic the
one purpose for which public money is
appropriated and expended without pro-
test from any party is the purpose of

| education. Of the budget of expenditure

because the scope of an inquiry of thie kind &| on our society as they ever were. They

La a ee een ee

 

   

THE

are stronger, we dare affirm, than in the
society of any other country, Church
attendance in New York is relatively
greater than in Londen. The social dis-
content which he discerns here is not
peculiar to America nor prevalent here
to an unusual extent. Compare the ex-
pressions on the faces of the people in
the most crowded districts of New York
with those of the poor of London and
Liverpool, for example, The misery, the
hopelessness, so general there, are not
to be seen here. Rags and tatters are
unknown in New York. Faces are bright
and eager. Moreover, as we have pointed
out before, the greater has become the
population of New York and the more
heterogeneous its race composition, the
further has the civilization of the com-
munity advanced. It is better morally
and politically than it was a century
ago, or even two centuries ago, when Man-
hattan Island was the seat of only a vil-
lagelike community. If it is not, the
fusion campaign now proceeding is a
waste of effort.

 

Mayor Low’s Latest Ideas on Law
Enforcement.

In the hard school of practical ex-
perience Mayor Low has been a pupil
now for twenty-two months. The re-
sult of the training he has received is a
complete change in his views on the
enforcement of law. When he entered
upon the office of Mayor of New York
he believed that in the administration of
the laws he had sworn to enforce a degree
of executive latitude might be allowed
in order that those statutes and sections
of statutes distasteful to portions of the
population should become dead letters
where they conflicted with the sentiments
of the people. 7

This belief he held in October of 1901,
when he was composing his letter ac-
cepting the Anti-Tammany nominations
for Mayor. In that letter he discussed
the Liquor Tax law and declared that
some of its requirements were out of
harmony with the ideals of the cosmo-
politan population of New York city.
He declared his belief that the sections
prohibiting the gale of liquor at all hours
on Sunday could not be enforced in New
York, and suggested that the Legislature
study the conditions here with great care,
to see if some regulation more effective
in controlling the liquor traffie on Sun-
days than an absolute prohibition could
not be devised. Of the interval be-
tween his election and the enactment of
amendments to the law he said:

“In the meantime, the law 4s |% stands, while it
remains unaltered, must be administered im the
best practicable manner. I should spare no effort
to put a stop, during my term, to the bribery and
corruption traceable to it, not forgetting, tn the pres-
ence of the facts aa 1 have outlined them, that ‘the
extreme of the law {s the extreme of tnjustice.’”

For nearly two years Mr. Low has
been trying to match the necessities of
administration to the theory that the
law should be enforced to the extent
that is pleasing to the people, and no
further. He has endeavored to have
the law as it stands on the statute books
cut to fit the personal wishes of various
factions of the population. The out-
come of all his efforts, the lesson he has
learned in the administration of the
municipal affairs, is that bis theory was
wrong. He has acknowledged it, and
now his views on the regulation of the
liquor business, as expressed in Brook-
lyn last week, are these:

“Payment of money determined the adminis-
tration of the excise law. This was the system
that I was elected to break up, It has involved an
administration of the cacise law that many of you
do not like, but 1 am prepared to say, after my
experience of the last two years, that no other
administration of this law {!s possible without re-
storing the Intolerable conditions from which the
city has been freed.

“I used to think otherwise, but then I bad not
come into close contact with the conditions that
Tammany haa created all along the line.

“1 must frankly say that there 1s no relief from
this dilemma as to the eacise law except in a change
of the law itself. In view of the great differences
of opinion prevailing among our citizens in this
respect the Mayor ought, in my judgment, to keep

by the municipal government of New | .imself entirely uncommitted, and he must also
York, one-quarter is for the free public | sep an open mind.”

achools only, and in addition large issues
of municipal bonds must be made annu-
ally to provide new school buildings for
the rapidly increasing school population.
So far from there being any public pro-

test against this great and steady outlay, |

the criticism is rather that the amount

|
|
|
|
|

|

|

That is, the Mayor's present theory of
administration contemplates not merely
the enforcement of a law in places, or
spots, or sections, or clauses, but the
enforcement of the whole law in every

place,
This declaration squares well with the

SU

  

tral Asia, Sumatra tobacco in Connecti-
cut, macaroni wheat in the United States,
and other producta doing well in foreign
soil, the distribution of many crops is
constantly widening. At present the
Germans and French are determined
that we shall not monopolize the pro-
duction of Manila hemp if they can make
it grow in their own colonies.

 

 

The Campaigu Against Man.

Mrs. CHARLES M. HENROTIN is presi-
dent of the Chicago Woman’s Club and
has been president of the National Fed-
eration of Woman's Clubs several times.
She seems to have been moved to a sort
of remorse or pity by the rapid Fall of
Man, which is largely due to the admir-
able cooperative efforts of the woman's
clubs. In her speech to the Illinois
State Convention of Woman’s Clubs she
pleaded for a conservative, almost a
retrogressive policy. “Are not women,”
she asked, “by their intense activity
weakening man in comparigon?” Why
lament an inevitable result? Woman
has risen, in a few brief years, from
apparent inferiority to unchallenged
superiority. You can’t kick a man from
the top of a twenty-story building and
stop his making the entire journey to
the ground. Mrs. HENROTIN is kind
hearted. She thinks that the dethroned
boss has fallen far enough. Virtually,
she asks that he be allowed to stay where
he is. But he can’t tread air. Down
he goes and must keep on going.

Besides, he is utterly discouraged; and
Mrs. HENROTIN adds unintentionally to
his depression. She warns him to “keep
out of the kitchen.” This is cruelty, not
kindness. Chicago happens to be the
place in which the women have driven
him into the kitchen. He is an unpaid
domestic servant, undercook and bottle-
washer. “Scat! Get out!” cries Mrs.
HENROTIN. Whither? He has nowhere
to go. He is squeezed out of profession
after profession, trade after trade. Just
as his clumsy feet are learning to be
comfortable among the peta and pans,
he gets notice to leave. The inexorable
“Move on!” is hissed at him. No won-
der he is demoralized. The reaction of
the woman’s club movement promises
to be even worse for him than the action
has been.

At the very moment when Mrs. HEN-
ROTIN warns him away from the kitchen
and entreata the women not to eat of his
messes, she jabs him with two more
knives. In literature and art he has
been able to meet, and so far toovercome,
feminine competition. His seeming ad-
vocate urges his conquerors in so many
other fields to “direct their attention to
art and literature.” These are his last
; strongholds and they are now to be
| battered down.

Mrs. HENROTIN caused some surprise
and indignation among her hearers by
saying that “there is a growing tendency
among the women in clubs to care for
nothing which does not present a spectac-
ular or sensational aspect.” Under the
favor of so great an authority we must
deny the charge. A few years ago a
movement for the Elimination of Man
would have seemed not only sensational,
but preposterous. The world is wiser
now. There is nothing more spectacular
| Or sensational in the fact that Man is
running downhill than inthe fact that

a
|

| water is. Gravitation was sensational |

| once, but it has got over it.
| A proposition made at this convention
| by Mrs. SaraH TYSON RORER is really
ee inoffensively sensational. She in-
gists that “a knowledge of domestic sci-
ence be made a qualification of [woman]
suffrage.”
an opinion, we might say that this
proposition looks sound.

 

In Elizabeth last week an election officer
refused to complete the registration list be-
| cause be had worked eight hours and the
| State allowed no extra compensation for
overtime. Fifty-one voters were left off
the list by this man’s noble devotion to his
rights. As he is a Democrat and the omit-
ted names were those of Republicans, the
beauty of the eight-hour rule in politics
was illustrated in just as striking a fashion
| as if he had been a Republican and the
fifty-one voters omitted from the list had
been Democrata.

 

 

 

Col. Posey Wilson on National Politics.
To THES EDITOR oF THR SUN—Sir: “Let there be,”
} as geometry stories begin, a new candidate for
) President in 1904, namely, William Jennings Bryan,

 

! of Lincotn-on-Salt-Creei. the Quondam Boy Orator

expended is not large enough, that new | situation, though it is perhaps humiliat- | of the Platte, and Whilom Boy Warrtor of Chick-

schools and new teachers are not pro-
vided fast enough to satisfy the demand.

The eagerness of the people to send ;
' their children to school is remarkable, ence to his oath of office and confess his |

and it is the more pressing as the popula-

| tion increases in magnitude and in race

diversity. Children crowd into the
schools at the opening day of the year’s

' session, and they come not “creeping like

a snail unwillingly to school,” but with
brisk and hopeful steps. It is the most
impressive phase our civilization pre-
sents. Thereisa passion for education.

ing that a candidate should be obliged to
pledge.himself before election to obedi-

persistent violation of it in the past.

On the other hand, it is refreshing to
have an open, clean-cut declaration of
intention take the place of the foggy
talk of “liberal construction” that once
filled the atmosphere,

 

Para Rubber Trees in the Ortent.
If he blesses his race who causes two

The Rev. Mr. GEER sees only danger | blades of grass to grow where there was
for our society in this passion, for the | but one, so also the man confers lasting

reason that, under the command of the
State Constitution, the education these
children receive in the State schools is
not religious, and he forecests the most
terrible social resulta from it; but, look-
ing back, have the results already ac-
complished under the same constitutional
restriction been bad? In spite of the
great growth in the population of New
York and of the floods of new races which
have poured into the town, is it not now
a more orderly, a more decent and a
more law-abiding community than it
was a generation ago?

The municipal campaign now proceed-

| ing has for its single issue an appeal to

the moral sense of the community. When
was such an issue more potent in New
York than it is now? When was an ap-
peal toa high standard of public mo-
rality made more hopefully than it can be
nade now? And the electorate to whom
that moral appeal is made is, in the part
most hopefully addressed, composed of
men who received their training in the
publie schools, *

We shall not ur
the vicar of St. P,
reliyious educauth

ertake to dispute with
I's Chapel concerning
n, for we reapect his
indly, but we do not
our dissent from hig
concerning the future
ually the principles of
strong in their hold

eCUMMesthess pro,
hesitate to utter
gloomy forebodid
of Our society,

tmhorality are now

ibes ates alll ots Sal

|

benefit who widens the area in which
the most highly prized commodities may
be produced. This has been done in the
Malay peninsula, where about 1,500,000
young Brazilian rubber trees are grow-
ing, the progeny of trees introduced in
1876 by the Government of India.

The trea is the Hevea braziliensis, one
of the best varieties of Siphonia elastica,
which supply all of the world’s finest
grade of rubber, known in the trade as
Para. The first planting in India was a
failure, and the experiment was not re-
peated; but in Ceylon and the Malay
States the seedlings developed into vig-
orous trees. The Hevea at home yields
rubber in commercial quantities in about
twenty-two years from the seed. In the
Malay States it was tapperl to test ite sap
in 1897, twenty-one years after planting.

It had been feared that under the East-
ern conditions, which difier from those
of the Amazon, the rubber would be of
inferior quality. But the testa seemed
to assure the splendid success of the
immigrant plant. Para rubber had been
produced in the Orient. This almost
unhoped for success stimulated planting
over 4 wide area, and, according to the
recent report of Mr, STANLEY ABDEM,
scientific men say that the field available
for Para rubber has assuredly been ez-
tended to the Malay Btates.

With American cotton thriving in Cen-

Mer mma eis ssa a il lalla call

| amauga. Then let there be a new Issue also, “The
Boy Grandfather of the Platte.” That's all.

| Going to and fro, up and down over the earth, seek-
ing am issue, one almost stares him in the face as !t
were, one on which sweet, smiling fortune would
wait or follow—The Boy Grandpa.

If this igsue comes to pass, Mr. Bryan will become
| the brightest and best of optimists, where he has
been, al) along, the darkest of pessimists—elways
excepting Uncle Jeremiah Teller, the wild and wide
weeper of Clear Creck-—a stream once limpid as
Bandusia’s famous fount, but now turgid with
Teller’s tears, and “rigged” with his dark curses,
now against Democrats; now against gold bugs;
and just now against bis former party associates,
toe Repubileans

And when t! at new-born Issue shall artse, Uncle
Jeremiah's occupation as a lamen @° and prophet
shall be @ eon gone; for there can be no need of
vicarious tears—the Issue being able to do its own
crying, after the manner of Its kind.

In that day there shall be no cloudy glooms above
our heads, nor darkilng hills beneath our feet, but

“All the clouds be clothed with light,
And all the earth with flowers.”

1 stake my fame as @ prophet that with such a
platform beneath his feet the B. G. of the Platte
not Pan biinself, in that happy time, @iall outlaugh
tie dear grandpa, laughing in a non omnis moriar
tone of voice. Nay, nay, he shall even dance a
double Irish fig with Pan, In the groves of Jersey
Cowhurst. Posry S, WIL#ON.

Sr, Louis, Oct. 19.

 

The Machine Industry of New Jersey.

The annual report of tue New Jersey jBureau
of Statistics for 1908, treating of the manufacture
of machinery tn New Jersey, jstates that of ninety-
five estibiishments in thia branch of industry,
thirty are managed by private firms and sixty ve
by corporations, As the partoers In irms oumber
thirty-ela, with an average investment of $47,519,
while the stockholders of corporations number
46, with an investment less than half that of frm
partuers, the deduction is made that corporaw
management, with ite wider distribution of both
riska and profit, ls becoming more popular in the
machine tndustry.

The largest number of workmen employed at
any one Ume was 16,642, and the total of wages —
excluding salaries of oMvers and clerks-~was ®,-
966,404, which mean» an average increase of 623.16
ove: the yearly eiruings of 1003 More than 66
per cent. of the employees earn from $12 to 620
per week, The wtal value of stock or materia)
weed was $10,874,885; Lhe total aalling value of the
products, 624,814,842. More than 81,000 tons of
ivow castings were used, and 7,500 tone of steel,
with 280 toms of copper and brass

The Mt of the leading articles of machinery
produced snows. (00.40) sowing machines, 1,440
¢@u-making maciines, 57) witle werkiag ma-
chiness Weonwitves, 842; other steam oe
10%; gee engines aad water motors, Gh ™

printing machines

amen ott

N. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 25

|
t
t

If we had any right to give |

t

 

e 1903.

THE REV. MR. GEER AGAIN.
tan Edueatien and the Sehoelis.

To Trap Epitor or Tax Sun-—Sir; This
question has ceased to be a point at issue
between Protestantism and Roman Cathol-
iciam, and has become one between Agnos-
tictsm, established and endowed, and Chris-
tianity, disestablished and disendowed.

State education touches for harm every
one of our most disturbing national problems,
except the necessity which is upon us of Amer-
icanizing the children of immigrants; and even
that problem can, in the long run, be better
solved under the denominational system—
subject, of course, to rigorous State inspec-
tion and State control—better solved, for a
reason that ought to be patent to all Christian
educators, viz., that there can be no abiding
and trustworthy love of country indepen-
dently of religion.

It is Scylla and Charybdis over again. We
are sailing the Ship of State with a sharp eye
on the rock, which is being beautifully and
apaciously cleared; and of this fine seaman-
ship we are rightly proud before the nations
of the world, But our backs are being given
to the whirlpool which has a dangerous reality
—equal to that of the rock.

A question of this gravity, therefore, can
only be safely considered in the spirit, not of
denominational zeal, but of purest patriotis=,
and in view of the 17,000,000 children now
attending our public schools, who, im large
measure, are the children of the poor.

Let this be my answer, In large part, to those
who have differed, and may yet differ, with
me, in your columns. Nor can the cry “Great
is Diana of the Ephesians!” be longer consid-
ered a sufficient answer to these charges.

If we look primarily at anything bearing
the name of Christ, in the interest of the rich,
or of the cultured classes—those, e. g., who
send their children to Groton (Mass.) School,
to St. Paul's, Concord, N. H., or to the Cathe-
dral School in Washington, or to any of the
emailer, but splendidly equipped, Church
schools, we are gure to be led to a wrong con-
clusion. Christ came to preach the Gospel
to the poor. So let academies and universities
go their own way: there can be but one point
of view for the Church and for al) Christiana
in this matter of religious education, it is the
point of view of the children of the poor.

My opinions on this subject were at one
time strenuously opposed by a man now high
in the counsels of the nation. To-day he sends
two of his sons to a Church school of the high-
est order, and his daughter to another, both
schools well known for aggressive Christian
nurture. And I have acted, as far as 1 could,
on the same principle. Yet neither he nor I
thinks, for a moment, that our children are
one whit better in the sight of God than those
of the poorest hodcarrier; or one whit better
entitied to daily Christian nurture. We send
our children to Christian echoola because we
rightly value Christian education and can
afford to pay for it. The hodcarrier eends
his children to the public echooi, since he has
not the money to do better for them; because
the State has made it impossible for him to
secure ‘Christian education for his children.
That condition of affairs is most repugnant
to my sense of justice, as 1 do not doubt it is,
on reflection, to his. There can be no Chris-
tian propriety or American fair play in such
cruel discrimination against the poor, in
essentials, What Kuskin called “the height of
biuck anger” surely would pot be much out of
place here.

Now tor State education and our national
problems: because it is not enough to say that
the system is vicious. We must show why,
and how, it is vicious.

L. State education touches the negro prob-
lem for harm.

It was Canning who said “to turn him [the
negro) loose in the manhood of his physical
strength, in the maturity of his physical pas-
sions, but in the infancy of his uninstructed
reuson, would be to raise up a creature re-
gembiing the splendid fiction of a recent ro-
mance [Frankeustwin}.”

What bave we done during the last forty
years with State education, or im any other
way, what are we doing to-day to make that
prophecy worthiess? No nation was ever
guilty of wider folly than we are now guilty
Oi in attucking this discouraging problem with
an almost completely secularized and Godiess
education, Burke argued against total aboli-
tien, and said: “1 confess 1 trust infinitely
more (acvording to the sound principies of
those who ever have at any time ameliorated
the stute of mankind) to the effect and influ-
ence of religion than to all the rest of the regu-
lations put together.”
ali this age-honored wisdoai, and are to-day
reaping the bud harvest of our folly; and who
is not looking into the future with forebod-
ings?

We read in Harper's Weekly of Oct. 17 that
the wives of Southern farmers “literally sit
in fear” when their husbands are in the field,
with their pistols always loaded and within
easy reach: and that they dare not drive
alone to the neighboring town.

ll. State education touches the divorce
problem for barm. It does little in itself
to strengthen the moral fibre of our children,
and it deprives the Church of one of her best
Opportunities to do that kind of work so
elfectively 48 to reduce the divorce evil to
the lowest possible point. The public achool
system comes between the Church and her
children for harm. ‘The Gospel, aa a result,
has not free course in this country; and until
it bas, the divorce evil will increase, and
Church life and home life will continue to
deteriorate, and innocent children will con-
tinue to suffer (Uh, the pity of it!), and in
increasing numbers; ail, admittedly, to the
peril of our existence 4s a nation.

lil. State education touches the indus-
trial problem for harm.

‘Lhe lesa religion a people have the more
quarrelsome, unreasonable, discontented and
suspicious of each Other they become; more

and more watchful for self-interest, without |

regard to the public good. Religion binds
the classes and the mussea together, and
makes them more considerate of each other's
feelings. No seeming eXceptions to this rule

cap disprove it. 1 Was tuxed in your first
editorias in answer to my letter, With pessi-

mistic leanings, but the editoriad OM Our labor |

troubles iy your paper of Uct. 13 is well nigh
down to my low ievel, in what it more than
hints at concerning “‘the bureaucratic des-

tion,” and of “the military despotism which
must ensue, 48 Burely us the nigut must follow
the day.” If the years of prosperity tor all
classes have brought us the misery and peril
of which you write, what bave we to expect
from yeurs of adversity? When labor threat-
ens a general strike in all departments of
work throughout the entire land, und when
capital threatens to reduce labor to sub-
jection by a process of slow sturvation, verily
the splendid dimensions of our great coun-
try shrink to those of a smull and quarrelsome
Verona. ‘Lhe airy becomes full of portents
of evil and we cry aloud in great perturba-
tionofsoil, "A plague o* both your hous s!”"
IV. State education touches on political
proniaine for harm, by multiplyin
r of those whose votes go to ¥
bidder, because they have not ha
of honesty instilled into their hearts and con-
sciences in apy effective way; and that quota-
tion of yours from Herbert Spencer was inmost
pertinent; “A nation of which the legislators
vote as Sony are bid, and of which the workers
surrender their rights of selling their labor us
they please, has neither the ideas nor the senti-
ments needed for the maintenance of liberty.”
And you say of Mr. Spencer that “we must
respect him as the foremost intellectual ob-
server and sociologic authority of modern
times”; to which may be added the signifi-
cant fact that he is earnestly opposed to both
compulsory education and to public schools.
V, State education over-educates and over-
atimulates countless numbers of people whose
after lives give no adequate play for their en-
lightenment and unbappily acquired ambi-
tion, Hence, deserted furms, overcrowded
citles, widespread and ever-increasing discop-
tent. To these may be added something of the
yo willip snes of our American girls to go into
omestic service; for few graduates of our
public schools are found to take up that hon-
orable and useful kind of work. This is oepe-
play true in our large cities -over-education
has helped to make that life distastelul
Attention is calied @ second time to thin
over-education indictment, because, in ecolu-
mon with nearly all the other apecifle indiot~
ments in my firat letter, it has received no
notice ip the discuasion which has followed,
although ip your editorial you spoak epper jally
of thls Question 46 being “well worth debate,
I. btate education touches for harm the
blem involved in the poarped fulling off in
he number of candidates for the ( liristian

pipjstry. Our boys are growing up wilhous
oling op deep nee of obligation to the
ins ; be rf enthuse la ch , OF rather
. BL
nat t

principles

; ot called inte existence

oblem ae food He Sy ire Sa ye ee
hy ree a
‘er as sees can, ra Be 4

Ne en enn een nen eee ne ee ee ees

But we have outgrown |

| their moral and religions as well as for their

 

en

' the record of the attendince of her people on

    

   
  

ren the
ual? gations fo het a6 thelr Divine
. State education is going bed tou
orto Rico

‘or
arm our problems in
ippines, for the same that it bas
aa injury to us in the home
Nor is there a single ethical or epictee
problem that we have in common with other
countries which State education
touch for harm. If thie sweeping
|
}
|
|
|
|
|

is not true, then why a erbert Spencer
condemns compulsory ucation and public
sch ?

surprise that o!

Can ghere be an bur-
dened rth this belief is not to
by fear lest the Roman Catholic Church shou!
profit by a modification of our system
education? The logic of Bible, Prayer
tradition in the Shurch of England, and in
the daughter Church which we call Protestant
Episcopal in this country, Is, alware has
been, Christian education at ita best for her
children, and on every day in the week, in
the school as well as in the home. If others
will not say so, the present write is not to
blamed. But “when one ox wil! lie down,
the gone bears bard on hin that stands up.
There can be no effective teaching of moral-
ity without | Personality. We cannot teach
triotiem without George Washington and
ies be ‘eliecuively taught. ind pendently
e effectively tau inde ently
sf Corie . ethics

t and His Church: or Jew
without Moses, David and Isaiah. Codes,
opramand nents and moral recommendations
of any description, without persong! life
and power behind them. are dead matter to

soul.

Nor ts {t enough to say that the Church
and the honie must attend to the religious
instruction of the young: because, in their
influence over children, both Church and
home are being weakened and slowly under-
mined by our “madlyv-perverted” system of

larized

unday school, everybody knows that but
little religious instruction can be given in it;
and often it does more harm than good, by
xeeping the children from taking part wit
their parenta in the services of the church.
The ayauiane from the Sunday school with-
out promoted into the church.

It is often claimed that our public school
system was from the beginning what it is
pow. This i® uw great mistake. Horace

ann, who has been called more than any
other man the “author, expositor and elo-
quent defender of the common school system, ”
was careful to vindicate it, not only from the
aspersion, but from the suspicion of being
an {rreligious, or anti-Christian or un-Chris-
tian system And more of equally sharp
and clear vindication can easily be produced
{f it {s called for. The Rev. Dr. A. A. Hodge,
the well-known educator of Princeton Uni-
versity, was therefore right when he said
that the system has been “madly perverted.”

We hear much, sometimes with justice,
of the {nferior character of Church schools.
But {s it not remarkable that they do such
good work? What would be the success of pri-
vate euree se (pn groceries, drugs or dry goods
if the State, during the last fifty years,
placed on erate block splendid stores in com-

tition? Could any commercial enterprise

ar up against being undersold as well as |
has the Christian education enterprise? The
truth, never to be forgotten, is that Church
schools have been wholly prevented from
making so yehin. like the progress which
has characterzed work in every other de-
partment of thought and action. We have
wanted to make bricks, but the straw has been
withheld. Force the Churches either to edu-
cate their children, or take the consequences
of their neglect of duty in the loss of their |
children: just as they are forced to minister
to their adult members in spiritual things, |
or suffer loss in adult membership; then our
affairs in this country will take a turn for
the better: and this is legitimate and wise |
work for the State to enter upon. |

Christian Popes, Bishops, priests, deacons
and laymen have been flagrantly bad. Many
Church schools have done poor work, and are
doing it fo-day. Christian Governments
have made sad records and Christian Churches
have covered themselves with confusion and
their candlestick has been removed. Even
Christianity itself, for the past two thousand |
years, has come so far short of the work ap- |
pointed it todo that it has been held to escape |
the charge of having failed only on the sig-
nificant ground that It has never been tried.
Why then make such en effort to honor Chris-
tianity in the councils ef the nation, In our |
courts, and halls of legislation, if it is to be so
grossly dishonored in the education of the
child life of the nation, where it is most need-
ed? ‘he honor given to the Christian religion |
is based on the belief that it is the one hope of |
the country to-day The dishonor heaped |
upon it is the expression of bad management;
and very costly it is proving.

The Chureh (and for conventfence let that
word stand for every religious body which is
working in the fleld of ethies in any large
organized way) is not allowed to put her chil-
dren under sufficient obligations to her, This
is one of the greatest evils in the land to-day;
and it is the crux of this whole vexatious sit-
uation. The children's love and devotion are
not being won by that powerful organization,
almost always auxiliary to the State, almost
always the best friend of the State, which can
do the most good with it. The State is win-
ning the love of the children; and that will
prove aplendidly eMflearious acrinst foreign |
oes, but it is sure to prove worthless against
internal trouble. Should the time ever come
for grinding taxation, for conscripting re-
crulta, for defending | property rights in a |
large way, on behalf of the rapidly increasing |
number of very rich corporations and indi-
viduals, against the interests and righta, real
or imaginary, of the poor, love of country wil!
vanish; and then there will be no great power
to control the people. The Roman Catholic
Chureh is winning and holding the love of her
children by reason of her great sacrifices for

ucation, As for the average

|
|

mental training. How is this shown? By

divine worship, which is far ahead of that of ,
Protestant Churches.

One point in conclusion, to avoid misunder-
standing on a point of justice and courtesy
Tf the principals and teachers of our public
schools, throughout the country, could be |
entrusted, without let or hindrance, with the |
moral and religious training of the children,
on denominational lines, I do not belie ve that |
the delicate and important work could be |

laced in better hands, the clerry, of course, |
oing their work, each in his own place. |
W. Monracre Gree, |

Vicar of St. Paul's Chapel, |
I

New York, Oct. 23.

 

The Campaign In the Ninth.

To THE Enrror oF THE Scn-Sir, The |
decent element of the Ninth Assembly dis-
trict has gone into the campnign with as |
much earnestness as was manifested ee |
years ago, if not more. A meeting of the |
fusion forces held at Twenty-severth street
and Fighth avenue to-night to urge the elec-
tion of J. F. Tucker for the Assembly attracted
an unusually large number of persons, and
I was impressed by the genuine enthusiasm |
they showed. The arguments advanced by |
the speakers clearly indicated that the work
of training the “stumpers” for good govern- |
ment has been systematic and careful, and
obviously must, therefore, be of strong
effect. One of the speakers, Mr. Kingsland,
illustrated his statements aptly and force-

' . | } ri ions ; fl
potism’ of the coming Socialist organiza. | fully with quotations of wisdom from THK

Sun. To my tind he expressed the reason
for the existence of an organization such as
Tammany Hall in the fofowing Sun extract
from Mr. Grout’s speech of acceptance two
years ago:

Taininany Hall ls & mere business Investment;
it Ig not a political party. Tammany Hall Is an or-
ganization for the purpose of enabling some people
to make money

I need hardly add that the audience received
this brief, terse, poignant characterization in
a apirit of fx vor,

1 am really glad our good government

the num- | C#Mpsigners fortify themselves with the |

@ highest |

ammunition THE SUN can provide, as it it |
always excellent and convincing.
HENRY lvES WILSON,

Tur CHELSEA, Oct, 22,

The ‘Red Lights."*

To THe Epiron oF ‘TH SUN--Sir: The “Red
Lights” will go out in Manhattan tf the “Order of
Acorns” Will sce that the parents of brooklyn keep
thelr young men at home,

Jt ts the guests, not the host, who are to blame,
New Yous, Oct. 28 Savile
A Prolific Poet,

To THE EpitoR OF THK SUN-— Sire J have @
thousand poems, written on al) subjects, from a
noeedie to an anchor, in poetry Some of them on
vast and sublime subjects; and many of them on
the transactions that occur In every -day ilfe. “Poeta
mascltur nop ft.” JOHN Pork Hovnerr

HROOKLYN, Ocl. 24

 

 

 

 

 

Tho Harlier Statesmen,
Henry Cia) Lad just drawn up bis celebrated
Compromlse

"iLis ine triufiph of my life” be espiained. “We

give (he cous @1@Gl BIghts OUt 4 Weel and Lhe parior
for her company ibsie will stay *

History, however has always confounded thig
fanious document with some triviality about gate

howe,
ene, ee

le Scvtonar's Mugusiee tor November the ex-

tremeiy good pictures lo the aruicle on John 8
bargen., by Koya GCogiiason atiract atiention
aio dena Loge wrikee about ine Senate
and Mi Noah brovde afoot tua Lo ie pur
chase, Jbere are dee Tipve oreleo aid aume
rather joog short ooh one Of weak, “Ged,”
je well jijustravd b, Florence Wyman Mrs
Wharion's “Sauctuaiy ©o'nes W an end in this
aumber

| graduation from

a =), eee

THE NAVAL FORCES
EAST.

Particulars of Interest About the Russian,
German and French squadrons.

To Taw Epirok oF THK SUN-Sir. As the
strength of the Russian and Japanese fightin:
squadrons in the Far East is now a mat'+:
of public interest, it may be stated that |
number of Russian cruisers, armored «:
protected, that were with the fleet und):
Admiral Alexeieff in the middle of last mon:
is nine They were the Askold, Bogatr)
Boyarin, Diana, Gromoboi, Pallada, Koss);
Rurik and Variag, aggregating in roun:
figures 73,600 tons.

The Novik of 8,000 tons is not reckoned
for technical purposes with the squadron
ships, her epecinl work being to act as a svou!
and “destroyer-destroyer.” For this reas«,
she has a distinctive armament and hic!
speed and is the first of her class In any nav:
She was included among the cruisers in 1.)
statement of Oct. 12. The cruisers Admiral
Korniloff, Admiral Nachimoff, Dmitri Lor
skoi and Vladimir Monomakh, which forme’
part of the Russian squadron last year, huys
all returned to the Baltic, where they a:
now being refitted and modernized.

The Tsarevitch, battleship, and Bayan
armored cruiser, now beyond Suez on thei:
way to Port Arthur, are of French con
struction, having been built at La Seyne,
and from reaulte the builders appear to have
put their best work into both.

The defensive system of the Tearevi':!
is the most powerful of any yet employe:
and at her trials she attained a speci |
19 knots with ease, one Knot over i}
contract. The Bayan is also among |!.
first of her cluss, and besides being heavil:
armored has the armament exceptional)
well protected.

The Osliabia, battleship, and Aurora, pro
tected cruiser, are the other ships intende
to be added to the Asiatic squadron. The:
are new, having been commenced in 14):
but were much delayed in completion.

In the interesting article op the Russia)
and Japanese war preparations ip THE Sv»
the other day, it was stated that the Russia: -
had adopted the trick of renaming the!
torpedo boat destroyers. This was don
or said to have been done, in the case of fiv:
built at Schichau in Germany, named th:
Kasatka, Skat, Kit, Delphin and Som, Thr
names substituted would probably tax «
Japanese to pronounce, however well h-
might be able to deal with the boats on th:
water.

Your London correspondent speaks of an
understanding between Russia and Ger
many in relation to a possible Russo-Japanes:
war, and says that the German attitude to
ard Russia will be one of benevolence. As i!
in anticipation of something of the kind, th:
German Admiral on the Asiatic station re-
cently took all the ships of his squadron up tv
Vladivostock, where the greater part of th:
Russian fleet happened to be at the momen
During their stay three liberty days ushor
were given the crews, and they and the officers

IN THE Far

 

| of the respective squadrons fraternized |

the most approved manner.

In addition to the above, It is not without
{Interest to know that the French have *
smart squadron in the (hina seas of four
armored cruisera with a total! of 37,050 tons
and of 21 knots speed and over anda reserve
of two amaller cruisers of pearly 4,000 tor
each, and 19 knots speed, with a third clus»
battleship of 9,300 tons and 14% knats speed

In connection with the pregent straine:
situation in the Far Bast It ie worth noting
that in 1900 a French naval writer predicted
that the catastrophe of a European war would
probably spring from eventa in that distant
part of the world. "

New York, Oct. 24.

 

School Training of the Body.

To tHe Epitor or THE Sun~Siw: A
writer in your paper of yesterday ridicul-
physical training In the public schools 11
general, and the two-minute setting-up exr'
cise tn particular, Permit me to suggs'
4 few points in answer’

1. The largest sedentary olass in Americ.
{a the student class. Five hours per day at
the desk during the growing period ia enough
to aceount for the thin-cheated angmic «hi!-
dren too often seen in our schools.

2. Two periods per week for exercise do
not combat the school desk posture eife.-
tively. Tho remedy must be as constant i+
the evil to be remedied.

3, It is the practically unanimous test)
mony of the many teachers in whose ¢ lassen
the exercise referred to has beep taken tha
the children have clearer minds, show lens
restlessness, and accomplish miore work than
under former conditions.

4. ‘These exercises merely put into cori
fled form what most men do who work 4\
desks -{. e., stand up and stretch occaaionsl!)
and take a few deep breathe.

5. Walking between classes, and eve!
climbing stairs, does not overcome the bes\
spine effect of the school desk.

6. I have no desire to underestimate the
value of a knowledge of the location of Tim
buctoo or Tanjin, but & vigorous erect ou!
riage {a worth much. Six or eight minutr+

| a day is but little to pay for results that 1) -

fluence one’s carriage and health for life.

7, The city is making the Mght for its ve:
life when it endeavors to make city sehov
foster instead of break down the health of
children. The time will surely come wh!
city schoola will me
health and capacity to do work, as much
it has meant intellectual training.

In passing let me thank the writer for t!
delightful mixed metaphor “that rare bir’
the bookworm.”

Letaer Harary Gurick,
Mrecter of Physical Training
Orvicw OF THE CITY SUPERINTENDENT |
ScHoo.s, New York, Oct, 23.
ee

Defence of the Woman Stenographer—-by Ove

fo gag Eviron or Tug Sun Sire Comme!
was recently made ta your editorial columns oa |
attitude of certain railway officials toward tho err
ploying of women stenographers. It may ve:
well be that the utterances of these gentlemen a
the unsultability of women for positions ta cory
tlons where the civil service system of promo!!o
exists may contain some truth; {t would be fut
and tedious to reopen discussion of the ‘cla!
merits of the sexes for posts of responslbility en'a
ing advancement. While detalled reply w the re
marks of the railway gentlemen canuot be altempte
it may not be amiss w point out to tiem and
others who deal in scintillating generalitics anent |!
woman stenographer question hat the era of
stenographer of frowsy colffure, excessive Jew’
aud large omnipresent pink bows lg over, If |" evi
existed, Jocose paragraphs outiluing the airy p
sifage supposedly tnduiged tn by stenograp’ >!
of superhuman keenness of repartee are losing ©!
popularity, end attracuve shevcbes depicting (he
evitebl: tender relations existing ip busy oMce- Be
tween aged employers and stenographers of «
ea} veuuy oa wuvounded lelsure ceased 1 al.
when woran ceased WO boa high-priced novelty
business life.

lp fairness to the views of the railroad mec
may be said that the type of stewographer »
quently beid up to obloquy by them does stl) |"
vade to some extent @ certain class of hus it
office, But the woman stenographer of tw c4
who deserves the name comes Wo business
unobtrualve attire, with a bead cleared of «
thoughts a5 conflict with business Lolere
cordially courteous or et least politely imi.’
in her relations with her offlce associate
atraits by ber palnatakiog ability that if pr
be by force of circumstances inoonsisien'
least deserved; and in general surrounds
with dignity io ialnlaining the struggle for et
ence Which Is vertaloly ber one Inoentive to @
wich can scarcely attract by its congriia!!*

Hoepon Oot 2 4 STENOGRA! 4 68

er

wich

 

 

 

Mr, U. 8, Bond Visite Philadelphia
From th He ostune

 

Among toe Western Jewellers who have os
Guring the past week was -. 3. Botd of Us
lo. Me Kobd brings the mews that the cor
in bis section will be anly fair this fa) un & 8
ofa (ical UBIAVOrebLe seaa0n,

Au atbondagee of Interesting matter a of
by Hurpers Mugasine for Sovcuber ‘
seria) by» Mise Magy Jobnston la veg us, and 4 9c!
of ar » on early AtMmesicad ponear ©)'*
Mr. Fuwaerd Marti bes &@ pleasan’ a7!
"Wh ' he (uuulry Ibhustrated with
able | aray view Seany @ oe ‘
eons short aterie peludipg Mra
Mr \adrew Siiss Vau sia! aa
Chan \ hae nn Juere are article
by } Petite ve ewe
others