——

    

ATIIT| DE TOWARD THE ROMAN
(CHURCH DEFINED.

Adopted Urging That It Be
firm but Charitable, Rather Than
one of Criticism and Enmity, and
Fasoring the Unten of All Protestant
thurehes—No Action on Diverce.

 

Resoiui tous

WasuNoToN, Oct, 24.—The Pan-Ameri-
car > (erence of Bishops, before the close
of iis foal business session to-day, urged
afin tu’ charitable attitude, rather then
on? niticism and enmity, om «se part
of (hy by) iscopal Church toward the Romen
Ca communion, and called for a closer
un nong the Proteatant churches of
Ani i

lie resolutions recommended by com-
piiiees appointed after the consideration
of papers presented at the preceding ses-
sions were adopted, as follows:

f Bishops of the Anglican Communion
in 14 Who are assembled in the all-

Aue rican conference of Bishops at Washing-
ton, }ave considered among many important
mit 's (he subject of its relation and attitude
tow si the eurehes of the Roman obedience,

\ssured of our rights and responsibiliues
ae cri anda living part of the holy Catholic
) 4) with unbroken succession and au-
thor from our head through His first

Apos ios. wu feel that our attitude should ve
that of clear and outspoken consciousness
of ou citholicity alone in the maintenance
of)» soclent creeds and in our possession of
apostoli order.

| hile no witness can be borne for
truti without antagonizing error, whether

of excvss or defect, this earnest contention

for the faith once delivered to the saints
shoul! te With unlimited charity to the
Konan Catholic clergy and people, rather

in the spirit Of muiitenance, defence and
proo! (aan of controversy and attack.

Phat the right of this Church to + nter coun-
tries Where there are churches subject to
the Homan obedione. such as the Phijippines
Porto Rico, Hawaii, Cuba, Mexico an
Brivii, rests partiy on the necessity of mine
isteriig to its oWn people in these countries,
an! partly on the duty to give the privileges
of tie Church to Christian people de rived
of them, unless they submit to unlawfu
ferros Of Cotnmunion,

fiat we should be more ready and out-
spoken than we have been in teaching our
young people in our congregations as to the
important matterson which there is difference
between the Roman Church and ourselves,
and in guarding them against being misled, |

That we most earnestly urge that in the
ese of marriages between members of our
own Church und those of the Roman Church,
our On members should be warned by no
luv ins to promise, as tney will be asked to
de it their children shall be brought up
inthe faith and worship of the Roman Church.

' attitude of the Episcopal Church
towird the Protestant communions around
her Was set forth in the following resolution
adopted by the conference;

lved, The Bishops preaens in the all
ican conference held in the city of
ington, baving had under discussion
ituitude of the Chureh to which they
ong toward the Protestant communions
sround them, have been aroused anew to the
mirifold evils of that unhappy eendition of
disunion within the Chureh of Christ with
which we are everywhere confronted to-day.

While ardently desiring the cooperation
of ail Protestant communions, yet having
revard to the paper read before us by the
Iishop Coadjutor of Montreal as to the points
ol] (zreement and disagreement (but especially
tie former) between our Presbyterian and
Methodist brethren and ourselves, we would
Teapectfully suggest to the General Con-
vention of the United States, the General
Synod of Canada, and the Synod of the West
Indies, the advisability of constituting com-
mittees to lay before the General Assembly
and the General Conference the contents
of that paper, and to invite them to take such
other steps as to them may be deemed best
to draw the attention of the several congre-
gations to them.

We would also affectionately commend
this most grave subject anew to the considera-
tion of theee Protestant communions and
ask them to consider it seriously, with a view
to arriving at intercommunion and possible
union of theron and us, through the composi-
tion of some of the differences, and the recog-
nition that others do not constitute sufficient
reasons for creating or continuing a rupture
of that visible unity of the church for which
our Lord Jeaus Christ prayed.

We are verv thankful to believe that, not-
withstanding differences between Christians,
yet because of the wide acceptance of the
underlying basic principle of baptismal unity,
there is good hope of the fulfilment of our
blessed Lord’s high priestly prayer, which
calls for constant thought and Preyer and
eanscientious effort on the part of I is disciples
for the accomplishment of reunion throughout
Christendom.

Believing that many of the evils now under
review arise from the lack, both among our
own people and others, of sufficient knowledge
and proper understanding of our history
and of the general principles of our organio
church, we would urge the more common use
of such publications and literature as wili
tend to supply this lack.

it was agreed that when the conference
adjourned it should be to meet at the call
of the Primate of All Canada at such time
and place as he may appoint.

Resolutions on the question of remarriage
atter divorce were presented, but were not
put to vote, the congress deciding .that
resolutions of such vital importance and
far reaching influence should not be moved
for adoption against the wishes of their
hishons. The resolutions are as followa:

Nesolved, That the church's attitude toward
the questions of marriage and divorce, in
order to protect the institutions of Christian
narriage and the Christian family, should
be bold utterance of the sacred and mystical
cl oraetrer of marriage, based upon the primal
revelution of its character a8 reenacted by
evr Lord's own words, no more “twain, but
one flesh,” “what, therefore, God hath joined
together, Jet no man put asunder,”

‘esl ed, That in the alarming prevalence
of oerce and of the remarriage of divorced
persons, the Bishops assembled here declare
thar eonviction that while the sacraments
oO church should not be denied to the
i ent purty in a divorcee for adultery re-
niorried, the sanction of the church should
bol be given to any remarriage after divorce
for any cause arising after marriage.

bishop Doane of Albany, in his address
on this subject, declared emphatically that
the increase of divorces had become a
Beiicus menace to the country. He ex-
{ essed the opinion that remarriage could

   
   
 

SS — ——$—$—$—$—$—$—————

f the

+ allowed by the Church only in the case
6! an innocent party to a divorce granted
fp adelrerv. The salient points of Bishop
Toane's address were as follows:

! the marriage relation is a funda-

i i) principle of all civilized and national

fhot the alarming inerease of divorce

bis ove a serious threat to morality,
a ind soebu stability.

tthe canon law of this Church to-day

* i tHicher standard than is set by the

¢ ty of the States or by the canon of any

r s body, except the Church of Ragland.

loot judged either by its effect or by the

‘ ‘cority on whieh tt rests, it is not stringent

t 4

there is absolute agreement in this

Ch ipen the one faect-—namely, that
d eo owith remarriage can be possibly
t ef only in the one inetance of what
s {the innocent party in a divorce suit
} Pane

I t is impossible for any one to affirm
thir the lineuage in the nineteenth chapter

a ‘iospel according to St. Matthew, on
wr this sole exception ie grounded, is
fheolitely certain either in its authority
oror ite Interpretation

That for the first 300 years of the primitive

‘oreo ne such thing was knewn as remar-

tag fer divoree.

4 e Church of England, from the time
9 sorman conquest to the present day,
“och rernarriagea by her eanon law.

he whole spirit of the marriage service

of 6s church maintaina the indissoluble
#an-v's of the marriage bond.

3 call this a hardship does not prove
thet anor rieht, and It is no greater hard-
Le the necessary prohibition of divorce
wi'h right to remarry for insanity or for
Mfelony Imorlsonment

hal where there la any leaat doubt upon
A Miieatia of this vital importanee, mora
Felt ind goclal, the act of mercy is to

fifev art the aanetity of marriage against
V feseeration. to keen men and

, the possibility of the ain of a

e otherwise than as God's word doth

f (cadjutor Mackey-Smith of Penn-
By formerly of this eity, prevented,
t vleved, the conference from taking
8 the queation of divorce and re-
n we ite said there must be two
: problem, and that ainee berh

« by Bishop Doane and the
shop Sweatman of Toronto,
itely been on the same side,
inwise to have the Bishops
prematurely on a problem 60
f His suggestion was
the Bishops, and no vote was

ireh

Pree to by

CONGRESS OF P. B, BISHOPS! =

 
 
 

Carpetings. ~

ONE-PIECE CARPETS.
Specially Designed and Colored to meet the most
artistic requirements.

FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC f

Wiltons, Axminsters, Brussels and Velvet Carpets.
Complete Fall Stock, comprising a large
range of plain and low-toned effects.

Oriental, Domestic and Skin Rugs.

Sdtoadway A 1916 Street.

 

PEARY NEEDS MORE MONEY.

The 6150,000 Required for His Expedition
Not Yet All Secured.

WasHINGTON, Oct, 24.—Explorer Peary
lectured before the National Geographic
Society this evening on Arctic discovery
and his plans for reaching the North Pole.
He said that the Dike of the Abruzzi, who,
on the Franz Josef Land route, made the
nearest approach to the pole yet achieved,
ia not in favor of that route for further
attempts on the pole, but heartily indorses
the Smith Sound route,which Peary intends
to follow. The Italian explorer is of the
opinion that, at the most, only a few miles
further north could be gained by the Franz
Josef Land route, and the results would
not afford any compensation for the fatigue
and privations undergone. He approves
of the Smith Sound route because it affords
the highest land base from which to start.

Peary thinks it is entirely possible that a
large land mass will be discovered between

Greenland and the pole.
He has not yet secured all the money he
needs to fit out his expedition next spring.

On this point he said:

“The Peary Arctic Club, an unincorpo-
rated association of my personal friends,
with Morris K. Jesup at its head, furnished
the funds for the financing of my lust four
years of Arctic work. ter my return
jast fall there was a general feeling of dis-
inclination to drop the work uncompleted,
when success had been so nearly won.
This feeling took form in the proposition
of the majority of the club to ntribute
in varying sums toward the outfitting of
another expedition, Unfortunately, how-
ever, the total amount which these members
of the club felt they could contribute, even
with the accession of some new merbers,
wes not sufficient to properly fit out an
expedition, Had it been sufficient [ should
have gone north last summer, and should
now be settled down in winter quarters
somewhere on the Grinnell Land o :ast.

“Tha same status holds to-day. The
total amount which the members of the
Peary Arctic Club feel that they can con-
tribute to another expedition is insufficient
to properly outfit the expedition. Ad-
Atibaal crombers, either individuals or
associations, are necessary to complete
the total amount.

“It ia essential that the total amount
should be assured without delay. The sum
of $150,000 to $200,000 between now and
Jan. 1 will meet all requirements, and gise
ample time to properly fit out the expedition
Six months from now it will be imposs bie
to fit the expedition even with a half million
available, because of lack of time
“Somewhere in this broad country T am
satisfied that the money is waiting, as ready
and anxious to do this work as I am, if only
the connection can he established One
thing ia to be clearly understood. The Gov-
ernment is not financing the work. The
funds must come from private sources,

“It may be said without egotism that a
practical experience equalled by that of no
other work in Arctic regions; an inter-
est in the work at least equal to that of
any other man; the utmost assistance of
the Esquimauz, never before available; the
time and the opportunity, thanks to As-
siatant Secretary Darling and the Presi-
dent: all these are assured, the only thing

‘king is the money.

ANE plan, and with my methods, an
expedition which would tn all probabillty
secure the Pole, can be fitted out for two
years at a cost of $150,000. The only ex-
ensive item in that outfit will be a power-
ul ship which shall push me to the
northern shore of Grant Land.

 

VETERAN HAS TWELVE CHILDREN

 

He Sends a Picture of His Family to the |

President and Recelves a Reply.

WasHINGToN, Oct. 24.-- President Roose-
velt is still receiving in nearly every mail
commendation of his views on race suicide.
The letters are usually from fathers or
mothers of large familles, and the writers
generally do not fail to receive an ack nowl-
edgment from Secretary Loeb, at the Presi-

dent's direction. eee

H. E. Ward, an employee of the Pension
Office in Washington, is the father of twelve
children. The President recently replied
through his secretary to the following letter

from Mr. Ward:
Mr. PRESIDENT: Since !t became known that
ou ure an advocate of large families, [ have
een importuned by @ great many people to
present you with a picture of my family,
which I now take pleasure in doing. J be-
lieve I] am the only old soldier in the United
States that has twelve children jiving, all by
the same mother, They are all living wt home,
except one who was recently married, With
one exception none of them have ever been
seriously sick, and none have apy physical
efeots
4 A God and rear another generation,
my wife and I feel that we ure entitled to
some consideration by the Great Futher of
us all, ;
tread with very great interest your ad dress
to the Catholics of New York, d i
Sunday last summer {here te no doubt
in my mind but what impure speeeh ts @ great
drawback to the proper + ‘lucation and moral
elevation of the youth of this country,
wish every man and woman ii the land could
read that address. It certainly would have
a salutary effect. To thank you for those
great utterance the influence of whieh wall

be felt long after you have passed trom the |

stage of action.
The President's reply is as follows
Wits House, WASHINGTON, Oct. 15, 190%
My DrarSik: Your letter of the 14th instant
hes been received, and the President was
much interested in the photograph whieh you
inclosed. He regurds your family as line-
looking, and exteuds to yourself! and Mrs
Ward Bie hearty congratulations, This ts the
type of gtizenship which he values highly
Assuring you that your kindly expressions
are appreciated, I am, very truly yours,
Wa. Loes, Jr.,

 

BRISTOW'S REPORT TURNED IN

it Consists of 3,805 Pages, Containing
1,000,000 Words.

WaSHINGTON, Oct, 24.-The long report
of Fourth Assistant Poatinaate:-General
Bristow op the postal service scandals
was completed at 1 o'clock this afternoon
and turned over to Postmaster-General
Payne, Mr, Payne Wok the report und jeit
immediately for he White House to sub-
mit it to President Hoosevet. [t whl prob-
ably be made public in the Gourse of & week
or ian days,

The report proper, with Mr
recommend. tions, Consists of ‘
containing 110,000 words with ab -ppendix
of 9,000 pages of 940,000 words, embracing
exhibits and testimony. A force of from
tap to sixteen men has been working for
the past two months preparing these ex-
bibite and transeribing the Wwetluway,

Bristow 's

If the real object of man’s existence |

livered one |

[86> puges, |

 
 

CHILDREN OWN SEWARD PARK

YOUNGSTERS HAVE THEIR TURN
AT THE DEDICATION.

 

 

Cheer Willcox When He Says He’s Not
Going to Speak—Chorus of 2,800
Little Ones Sing National Aire—Exe
hibitions by Big and Little Athletes.

The children of the East Side took pos-
session of Seward Park with a whoop yes-
terday. A week ago the dedication cere-
monies were started with speeches by Mayor
Low and other city officials, but the chil-
dren’s part in the programme was declared
off on account of rain.

Yesterday the children had their day.
The police estimated that there were be-
tween 15,000 and 18,000 persons in and
around the park,andof these, at least two-
thirds were boys and girls.

The children just swept over the park.
When Park Commissioner Willcox stood
up to tell them that the playground was
theirs, they were lined around the railings
and massed in front of the pavilion on
which the speakers’ stand had been erected.
‘!wo hundred policemen, in charge of In-
spector Schinittberger, Capt. Shaw of the
Madison street station and four sergeants,
kept the children in good order, but they
couldn’t control their voices and when
Commissioner Willcox started to speak
there was a shout that could have been
heard a block,

“I did not come here for the purpose of
making a —~—,” began Commissioner Will-
cox,

“Hurrah!” shrieked the children and for
two minutes Mr. Willcox waited good
naturedly while they cheered. ‘Then he
said that there would be no curbing of the
young blood, and he turned to the older
folks in the stand,

“Just a few words,” he said. “After
all these years Seward Park is at last com-
pleted. It belongs to the children, This
is their day and their voices ought to be
heard,

“Whoo-oop!” came from the children.
No one believed that they had heard Mr,
Willcox's words, but they seemed to have
guessed the right moment.

When Commissioner Willcox could hear
his own voice again, he said that he would
always remember as the pleasantest feature
of his administration that his first request
of the city authorities was for funds with
which to build Seward Park. Charles B.
Stover, who has devoted his time and in-
terests to the completion of Seward Park,
Was the next speaker. Every child there
seemed to have a personal acquaintance
with Mr. Stover and they united in a chorus
of “Hello, Mr. Stover!” He said:

I propose to addreas my remarks to the
children inasmuch as Mayor Low spoke to
the older people a week ago. It is especially
appropriate for me to addreas the children.
It was the children who laid the foundation
stones of this park and not the older people.
The police tell ine that when this was a vacant
lot the children used to nr. soldier here.
On one occasion, in 1808, fifty-three children
were arrested and brought to the Essex
Market police court for ein here,

It was the children of the East Side who
first contributed for this playground, and not
the city. ‘The children of the Bust Side cons
tributed $400 of their own pennies, and, there-
fore, 1 say, it is appropriate that this should
be children's day.

When Mr. Stover said that old fogy office-
holders beijeved that the chi.dren were nct
entied to special privieges, tut tht
Commissioner Wilcox was not of t] at type,
| the Commissioner was loudiy cheered,

serene eee ee re ee

The most impressive part of the cere-
monies was the singing of national airs
by the chidren, It was announced thit
12,500 children from eleven pubiic schools
{in the neighborhood of the p rk would
j sing “The Star Spangled Bonner” and
; “America.” All the school chidren were
; there offictally and about twenty-five hun-
| dred more sang, too,

The singing wus followed by a
| exhil.ition in charge of J. E, Sullivan and
i This interested
'

nastic

Ji nsen Wendell.
the chidren more than anything else.
John Bissinger, all around gymnastic
champion of America; Otto Steffin, cham-
pion on the parallel bars, and teama from
the St. Bartholomew A. C., Xavier A. A.,
Anchor A. C., Mohawk A. C., New Polo
Association, New York A. C., Brooklyn
Y. M. C. A., and other athletic clubs gave
exh]! itions,

This was followed by club swinging
| axhibitions end gymnestic work by teams

from Seward Park, Hamilton Fish Perk,
| Tompkins Perk and DeWitt Clinton Park.
There wea intense rivalry between the te ms
from the different perks, and the chidren
heoeome ere tiv excited, No prizes were
iwerded end no decisions were meade.

Horry Cohen, a litt'e shaver, deacrihed
ia “Sewerd Pork's tiniest gymnist,” then
nerformed feats thet were the envy of many
| of his older and stirdier brothers.

OUR SFACOAST DEFENCES.

Evert

 

Gillespie Reports That They Are
More Than Half Completed.

WASHINGTON, Oct, 24--In his annual
report to the Secretary of War, Brig.-Gen.
Gillespie, Chief of Engineers, says that the

seacoast defencea of the United States
| are now somewhat more than 50 per cent.
completed. Twenty-five of the princtpal
harbors of the United States have a sufficient
number of hee vy guns and mortars mounted
to permit an efforctive defence against naval
att ck, and during the past three yeans
eorsiderable progress has been mr de in the
inat lotion of an edequete repid fire arma-
Inent, now the matter ¢ f flrat importance

| Gen.

eae and 12-inch ealibres; 1,294 rapid fire
guns from 2.24-inch to 6-inch calibre, and
432 mortars. ‘The tetal cost for the engi-
neerinz work is estimated at $60,000,000,
| including what hea been completed aa
}
|
i
'

Secretary to the President. The existing prejects for seacoast de-
= pane ences comprise 858 heavy guns of 8-inch,

well as what remains to be done.

Gen. Gillespie estimates that the follow-
ing apprepricticns for seacorst fortifica-
tions will be required for the fiseal year
to end June 3, 1006

Construction ef gun and mortar batteries,
$4,250,000; inate llntion of range and pesition
finders, $325,000; sites fer fertificationa
and seiovast defences, $2,000,000; search -
Mul.te for harbor defences, $500,000; pro-
teetion, preservation and repair of fortifi-
eatl ne, £69,000; preparation of plane for

fortifie ti ne, $5,000; supplies for seacoast
defences, $35,000; sea walle and embank-
inents, $200,000; torpedces for harbor de-
fence, $225,000, seaoonst batteries for
yeseasions, $2,000,000; land sites on
the willun Islands, $526,100. Total,
| $10,366,100,

aular

 

~

Le Boutitlier Brothers

FINE LACES

IN DECIDEDLY ATTRACTIVE ASSORTMENT. High-class Furs and Fur Garments

Comprising exclusive Paris Novelties in Point Coupé, Macramé, Tinsel Sole
Vegetaie, Longchamp, Crapomé, Argentine, Malta, Hindoo, Repousst.
Dentelle Soie Zibeline: Heraldique, Parisian Model Lace Novelty; ond other

novelties in colored effec's.

 

SPECIALS.
Cream aad White Lierre and soft BrasselgNet Flouncings, 9 to 16 inches wide,

49° 0 °1.59

Cream and White Point Venise Crochet, suitable for Collars, Cuffs and

Trimmings in general,

3 9°

worth 68c. to $2.25

worth 59c.

S!. Gall Garlands, Galoons and drop Medallions,

59°

good value 85c.

Exceptionally good values in Venise Banding and Broad Appliqaé, settable for

application purposes,

19¢

worth $1.10 to $1.48

48-inch Black Chantilly Dress Nets, all sith,

*1.49

regular value $2.25

WOMEN’S NECKWEAR.

Large assortment of Taffeta and Venise Stocks in Black and White, Cream

ana Colors.

29°

regular value 45¢,

Nel and Crepe Ruchings, suitable for neck and sleeve trimmings,

19°

regular 29c. quality.

 

le Boutitler Brothers

West Twenty-third Street.

 

A. Jaeckel & Co.

FURRIERS and IMPORTERS

We have prepared for the coming

. HORSE SHOW

a large assortment of exquisitely fashioned

Neck Pieces,

designed to especially harmonize with the
elaborate gowns of the season.

Long Stoles
in Real Chinchilla, and Ermine with Muffs to match.
Russian Sable Manteaux.

French Novelty Jackets, in Broadtail and Mole
Theatre Coats and Carriage Wraps

Garments specialty ordered unfailingly executed as per appeimtment.

37 Union Square, West

COL. MEADE TO BE RETIRED.

THE WESTERN LAND FRAUDS.

Was Brevetted Brigadier-General for His | Investigation Nearly Completed and the

Services in China.

WasHINGTON, Oct. 24.—Col. and Brevet
Brig.-Gen. Robert L. Meace of the Marine
Corps is to be retired from active service on
Dec. 23 on account of cisability. He will
oe succeeded in command of the marine
oarracks at Mare Islan., Cal., by Col. P, C.
Pope, and the latter will be relieved of the
‘command of the Boston marine barracks
oy Col, A. C, Kelton, commanding marines
at Newport. ;

Col. Meade is a brother of Gen. Meade,
the victor of Gettysburg. He saw service
in the ¢'vi] and Spanish wars, in the Philip-
pines insurrection and in the Pekin campaign
of 1900, For bis services in China he was

etted brigacier-general. A few years
ace Le was charged with drunkenness on
duty whil? in command of the marine bar-
racks at the Brooklyn navy yard, and was
acquitted,

Col. Meede was an applicant for the office
of comandant of the Marine Corps to suc-
ceed Major-Gen. Haywood, and upon the
selection of Col, Elliott for that place, he
applied for retirement as_a_ Brigadier-

eneral, his brevet rank. The Navy De-
| partment held that he could not be 60 re-

tired. Col. Meade then withrdew his

 

application for retirement, and in doing |

a0 mede some caustic comments upon the
manner in which he hed been treated.
These comments offended the Navy
Department, which recommended to the
President that Col. Meede be at'mmaepily
retired upon reaching the age of 6? yerrs,
| two yerrs before the regular time of st: tr-
! tory retirement, a law permitting the Presi-
dent to take such ection. Col. Meade will
he 62 on Dec. ‘6, 80 that through his re-
tireament for dis bility on Dec. 23 he will
jose only three days of the time allotted
for his active service

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHINOTON, Oct. 24.—The destroyer
Macdonough has arrived at Annapolis, the
tug Nezinsoot at Portsmouth, N. H., the
runboat Scorpion at New London, the
despatch boat Delphin, with Secretary of
the Navy Mocdy aboard, at Newport News,
and the ocllier Hannibal at Hampton Roads.
The cruiser Baltimore hea sailed from
Beston for Hamptcn Roads, the gunboat

| E) Cano from Shanghai for Hankow and the
‘ pupboat Wilmington from Amoy for Shang-
ral,

Gen, Corbin Bolds Farewell Reception.
WasHINOTON, Oot. 24,--Gen. Corbin held

 

Report Partly Written.

WasHINaTon, Oct. 24.—It was stated at
the Interior Department to-day that the
Investigation of the alleged gigantio land
frauds in the Weat, which has going
on secretly for several months, is about
completed, and a report of the conditions
found is being written. Interior Depart-
ment officers have heretofore refused t:
discuss the situation, and it was not unti
to-day that any official information could
be obtained. The statement has finally
been made, fowever, that the Interior De-
parement is in full possession of all the
acts, and its investigators are ready to
eat 5 report, h

is Known that the names of
Western Senators and Repremngueer ae
associated with the scandals, not as having
directly instigated the frauds, but as having
sought to shield the land grafters from
Justice. The investigators have p
with great caution and six months or more
have been consumed in the investigation.
The result is that evidence of the strongest
kind sufficient to convict several persons
some of whom are in the Gerera) Land
Office in Washington and others are promi-
nent men on the Pacifico Coast, has bee
found. It is expected that severa} guilt
persons of minor importance, whose leat =
mony {is valuable to the prosecution, will
turn state's evidence.

MADE RED HAIR THE

 

ISSUE.

How the Congressman From Jerry simp-
son's District Won the Election.

WaSHINGTON, Cot. 24.—Senator Long of
Kansas presented to the President to-day
Representative Victor Murdock, the newly
elected member of Congress from “Sock-
lesa” Jerry Simpson's district, in that State.
Mr. Simpson is supyo to have gained
many votes on the eocklesa issue, but Mr.
Murdock made his campaign chiefly on the
red hair issue, Mr. Murdock's hair is very

Prior to the holding of the district oon-
verition which nominated him for Congrese
to succeed Mr. Long, there was a big field
of candi .M ck and one other hav-
ing red hair. The other red-haired candi-
date entered {nto an alliar.ce with Murdock
by which it waa agreed that after the pre-
convention campaign had progremed ng
anough to determi.e which “haired man
waa the mcre popular the losing candidate
before the public ehould withdraw in favor
of the other. Murdock won. He told the
people of Kansas from the stump that the

red-haired meu were a corsiderable pe |

a farewell reception at the War Department | of the population ard that they shoul

to-day preparatory to going to Governors | represented in Congress.
Depart- | nated and elected

leland to take command of the
ment of the East. All the officers on duty
in and under the War Department, the
officers of the army pome in and near Wash -
ington and the civil officers and employees
of the War Department called to take leave,
The reception lasted two hours.

 

Universatiat Genera) Convention.
WasHINoTon, Oot, 24.--The firet seasion
of the Universalist General Convention
was held here to-day. After the business
of organization waa concluded there were
a number of addresses by prominent men,
among them ex-Gov. Perham of Maine
and ex-Senator Washburn of Minnesota.
At 8 o’clock this afternoon about 600
delegates called at the White House and
were received by President Koosevelt.

He was nomi-

 

Freeh Charges Againgt Lieut. Kuudson.
W ASHINOTON Oot, 24.--Additional charges
against Lieut. Knudson, Seventh Infantry,
who ia r sentence of diemiasal, are
being investigated by tne Wer Fé
ment. Lieut. Knudeon was convicted in
Alaska of embezzlement and sentenced to
be dis: President Roosevelt agreed
to withbold action on the case until Senater
Quarles of Wisconsin could eome
representations in Knudson’s . These
representations have not yet been
Lieut. Knudeon is now charged with
embezzlement of company funds. One
of the epecifications alleges that he sold a
piang purchased with money of hia com-
pany and pocketed the proceeds.

 

B.Altmank Go.

in a variety of Fashionable Models,

A selected assortment of the finest FUR SKINS
is shown for Garments to be made to order.

ALSO A NUMBER OF ELEGANT READY-MADE
COATS, CAPES AND WRAPS, MADE OF

RUSSIAN SABLE, HUDSON BAY SABLE,
CHINCHILLA, SEAL, ERMINE, MINK, ETG
AT $850, $1,100, $2,000, $2,500 to §4.000,
fur Lined Garments on hand or made to ordes,
for Carriage or Evening wear, also for Driv-
ing or Travelling, made of the newest and
most serviceable cloths, plain or trimmed
with Sable, Ermine, Moleskin, etc.
Motor Coats of Moleskin, Siberian Squirrel,
Russian Pony, Hair Seal, Raccoon and Spotted Lamb.

SCARFS, BOAS, VICTORINES and FANCY MUFFA

 

 

An inspection is invited of a very large and
varied assortment of

MADE-OP COSTOMES
(Second Floor.)

This stock Suits made of the newest
materials and in the latest designs, of Broad-
cloth, Zibeline, Chiffon Crepe, Chiffon-

Velvet, Lace, etc., for Street, After-
noon and Evening wear.

Also FINE TAILOR-MADE SUITS of fashionable
materials,

 

IMPORTED VEILINGS
A choice collection is shown,

Ricd cauan
exclusive styles in Real Duchesse, Paint d

Applique and Hand-Run Lierre.
Also the latest
Paris Novelty Chiffon Veil,
especially adapted for Automobile and Carriage use.

————

THE MARVEX GLOVES
for Women, Misses, Men and Boys.

The recent im tions of these Gloves com-
prise the faciuoratie colors in both Suede and
Glace Gloves of various lengths, including
Women's One-Button or One.Clasp Heavy Suede
Pique, with .wide embroidery, for Street wear.
The Vandyck Gauntlet, a novelty for
Women's Walking and Driving wear,
also Eight-Button Mousquetaire Suede
with Fancy Vandyck points,
| GLOVES of seasonable leather for Walking, Driving,
Golfing, Automobiling, etc.

WOMEN’S

GLACE AND SUEDE KID GLOVES,
Black, White and colors,
$1.00

Regular price $1.50 per pair, at . +

CHILDREN’S GLACE GLOVES,
Regular price $3.00 per pair, at oS 75¢.

 

Sale of Five Thousand Yards of

Fine Trimming Laces,

representing values ranging from
$1.50 to $7.75 per yard, at

$1.00, 1.35, 1.90, 2.85 & 3.75 per yard.

(Rear of Rotunda)

Cighteenth Street, Mineteentd Street, Sixt Avenue, New York.

   

NEW CITY COLLEGE PLANS.

Five Sufidings, With Cenmecting Gubway,
et Gt. Nisbelas Terrace.

The construction plans for the new balid
ings of the College of the City of New Yerk
have been filed with the Building Bureau
by George B. Post, the architect eslested
by the city. The buildings are to be five in
eS ae att yt yD od 4
cover the large

to Ameterdars

   

|

|

| Will Address the Pan-Amertean Conference
| of Episcope! Bishops.

| Wasrmoron, Oot. 24—Although Preal-
| dent Roosevelt announced eome days ago

 

chat he would make no more public speeches
unti) after the adjournment of Congress
next summer, he will make an exception
to the rule to-morrow afternoon by ad-

| dressing tne Pan-American conference | 1,7, g¢. Nicholas Terrace

| of Protestant ee Bb avenue, end from we See
ve eon eree nd ey are ive

Bieta Trolding their meetings at the | trimmed with brick asd terme

 

| ¢ the Ascension, but to-morrow
} mec hold a religious service on the | pian, js to be alx stories
site of the proposed National Cathedral, ts
on the heights north of Georgetown.
Mr. Roosevelt has once before, since he
President, addressed a religious
lon bel the dedication
f the new edifice of the Du
Foformed Church in Washington, of which

 

the two Amsterdam avenue

tain the freshman and
taas, nd rd the vorinrn bee vif be e
bui dings of the m chanical arts
cal

 

) Ref ;
member, The will ha’ great awirn-
ae bits ming pool, four large and
Report on Alsehip Experiments Called For, | « largo exerc! ve

room.
lit; and lou room.
0 Ley Soh dinec tet cool tetenaes

Army end Nevy Orders.

Wasmtnoton, Oot, 4.--These army erie Gere
lavued to-day

Fires Lieut. x.
6 irgeon, from Fort im, M.
relieving Firat Lieut *, ‘

‘ant Birgeon, ordered Ww Por
Cop) Willem G. Haan, General

| Jueus Grayson Mo P., Murohy,

tantry, to millary informetion dt >

partinent

(od
Resignations of First. Latent ;
see ee OT ee Li oh eet

WasHinoron, Oct. 24—The Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications has called
for a report from Prof. 6. P. Langley on
the Langley airship experiments, to be
submitted at ite next meeting in this city
op Nov. 6. Major M. M. mb of the

Corpa, who observed the Langley
og nente, will also subinit & report io |
the board, Fifty thousand doilare of tlw
amount used by Prot Langley was allotted
by the board which wishes to obtain full
information on the subject with a view
to aace' the adviwability of ihe use
of aisehips in wa