ee

. acca

 

    
   
 
  
   

YALE TAKES WEST POINTERS

INTO CAMP HANDILY.

 

Cadets Scere on a Place Kick—Tigere

Against Brown—Fasy fer Ce rnell. | Ouchdowne—

The big upset tm football) yesterday was
Columbia's defeat of the Pennsylvania team,
which was rated as a championship possi-
bility. Yale beat West Point handily, @
goal from a place kick giving the Cadeta five
points. All things considered, Yale's show-
ing against West Point was better than Har-
vard’s, Harvard beat Brown yesterday by
the same score that Princeton made against
Brown. Princeton waa too much for the
heavy Dartmouth team, and the former
{s the only big team that has not been scored
on thie season. Cornel) had a enap with
Western Reserve and Williams defeated
Syracuse. Amherst and the Indians both
won. Lafayette won a close game from
he Navy. The results:

Harvard, 2% Brown, 0.

Yale, 12; West Point, 5.

Princeton, 13; Dartmouth, 0.

Columbia, 18; Pennsylvania, 6.

Indians, 12; Swarthmore, 0.

Cornell, 42; Weetera Reserve University, 0

Wesleyan, 6; New York University, 0.

Williams, 17; Syracuse, 5.

Lebigh, 91; Villa Nova, 0.

Amherst, 16; Trinity, 0.

Georgetown, 33; North Carelina, 0.

Holy Cross, 6; Tufts, 6.

Geton Hall, & Manhattan, 2.

Lafayette, 6; Annapolis, 6.

YALE SCORES THREE TIMES.

 

 

Wins Hard Fought Game From the Army,
17 Points to &.

West Pornt, Oct, 24.—Yale defeated the
Army football team to-day, scoring 17 points
to Weat Point’s 5. There was a big crowd
of enthusiasts who braved the bleak winds,
and each sida had a large following of rooters,
those for the cadets, of course, being in the
majority. The game was a hard fought one.
Yale's team was weakened by the absence of
Kinney and Bloomer Bissell played in
Kinney’a place at left tackle. Several en-
forced changes had been made in the Army
team since it met Harvard last Saturday,
which did not seem to have improved it.
When the game started the Army players
appeared to be able to hold their own, and
for a short time Yale was on the defensive.
This, however, was soon changed, and than
Yale could go through the Army line at will
almost. A weak spot was found between
Doe and Mettler, and it was pounded for all
it was worth

The first goal was scored by West Point.
The ball was inside the Yale 25-yard line
and Rockwell gave the signal for a fake

kick. Bowman was to run with the ball. |
Bowman ran all right and made a gain, but |

according to the new rules there was an
infringement, constituting 4 foul, The Army
received twenty yards which placed the ball
on Yale's S-yard line, It was etill Yale’s ball
and Bowman punted. The wind was blowing
aganst the ball and it was caught by Hackett
on the 20-yard line. Hackett had braced
himself for a fair catch, but Shevlin downed
him and for this Yale was penalized Afteen
yards and West Point bad a place kick for
goal. Prince sent the ball between the posts
and this was the way that the Army scored.
In the second half Yale made up for thie
throush Tipton interfering with Rockwell
in making a catch.
on this, In the game the Army held Yale just
four times and got the ball on downs. Yale
did net get the ball on downs once because
when the Army team failed to make the dis-
tance on the third down it would always
punt. .

In panting Yale did the better work. Bow-
man placed the ball with good Judgment
and seemed to know Just how fast Rafferty
aud Shevlin were, so that when the ball was
caught by an Army man the Yale ends were
invariably on hand to tackle the catcher.
In the second half of the game several changes
were made. Tired players were taken out
and fresh ones took their places. Farmer
put a lot of dash into the game 4s soon as he
began to play and made some long gains,
going through centre and between left guard
and tackle. Farmer made one brilliant run
of forty yards, and seemed to have a clear
field, but Hackett suucceeded in cutting him
off. In the first haif Metcalf made a run of
forty yards. He was tackled by Graves very
cleverly on the Army 15-yard line.

When the game atarted the Army defended
the north goal, and as the wind was blowing
fresh from the north, Yale was at a disad-
wantage. Bowman kicked off for Yale,
gending the bal! to the Army 25-yard line,
and Hackett carried it back twenty yards
before he was downed. Then Prince punted
and Yale lined up with the ball on her 35-yard
line. Bowman made @ gain of five yards,

* getting around the left end and then twice

tried the line and failed. Bowman then
punted and Hackett was downed as goon as
he caught the ball in the centre of the fleld.
After a few exchanges of punts, Metcalf
dashed between Doe and Mettler and, going
like a deer down the field, dodged all the Army
players. Graves, however, had started after
him, and Metcalf, running diagonally across
the fleld, gave Graves an advantage, and the
Army player made a aplendid tackle and
downed the Yale man on the Army's 15-yard
line. Owsley took the ball five yards nearer
the goal, and then Bissell was helt. A poor
pass by Rockwell and a fumble by Owsley
gave the ball torhe Army team on their 5-yard
jine. Hackett fell on the bal! when it was
fumbled. But for this fumble Yale would
have scored. Prince punted, and the ball
was s00n out of danger. Yale tried to work
the line again, but the Army players took a
strong brace and got the ball on downs, and
then Prince Pup ted to Yale’s 15-yard line,
where the ball rolled out of bounds. Bow-
man gained five yards, getting between Tip-
ton and Mettler, and then followed the play
which finally resulted in the Army team scor-

nD
‘hen the game was resumed there was an
exchinge of punts, and Yale got the ball on
a fumble. A few short gains were made,
then came exchanges of punts. Yale finally
or the ball on the Army’s 80-yard line and
pgan plunging through the Arjgny line.
Owsley made five yards through. centre,
Hogan went eight yards further, and on th
ext play took the ball to the Army's 10-yard
ine. Metcalf gained five yards more, and
on the next play Owsley was pushed across the
line and scored the first touchdown. Bow-
man kicked a goal, making the score 6 to &
in fuvor of Yale
In the second half, Doe kicked off for the
Army to the goal line. Bowman brought
the ball back twenty yards and was tackled
rather roughly by Graves. Bowman punted
to the centre and then retired from the
game. Farmer took his poe Farns-
worth tried the Yale line, but failed to make
@ gain and Prince punted. Farmer failed to
catch tue ball, but saved it for his side
by falling on it. Owsley went sround the
left end for four yards, and ufter this play
went off, and Mitchell took his place, The
rmy took a brace and got the ballon downs,
ut Hackett made a bud fumble, und Hogan
secured the ball for Yale. Metcalf punted,
and Hackett secured the bal), but Shevlin
Was on top of the Army player at once und
downed him as soon as he touched the leather.
The tackle was a rough one and Hackett
ather resented the way he was handled
Shevlin, too, wanted to fight, and he was
gent to the bench and Neal took his place
The ball was on the Army’s 12-yard Line, and
it was at once punted to the ceutre Vale
orked |t back twenty-five yards and then
t it on downs and it was punted by the
Ariny, Metealf panied to the Army's 10-
yard line and Prince sent the ball back, but

only fifwen yards Prince made a high
punt and Rockwell was standing to catch
the ball whep Tipton bumped against him,
The ball was given to Yale for Tipton’s
Interference Yale also reeei(ved fteen
yards and a try for a goal Mitchell scored,
mneking the total score [1 to Sin favor of yale,

Noe kieked off and Rafferty brought the
bell back to the 46-yard line.” Then Farmer
mide a brillant run, He dashed between
Tipton and Jeukins und dodged all the players
except Hackettt who downed him on the
Army's 25-yard line, Farmey gained five

yards more between left guard and tackle

and then seven in the same place, He trie
@eoin, but fumbled the ball and it Bs tied
Hogan Managed to Call on it and

the vord,

ve pliy meant a goin of five yarde for Yale

fogin tno the leather four parce nearer
‘

the goal und on the next play Metealf scored
a somes Mitehell kicked the gos)
making the score 17 Lo 6 in favor of Yale

fhe gaine was « fast one No one wee

 

Yale scored a place kick |

|

; Instant.

 

 

SEES, SSBVIS TIES. G2="SELS293

Farmer. Goals
n, Metcalf. Goals from field
. Bowman. Substitutes—Farmer for Row-
man, Mitchell for Owsley, Neal for Sheviin, Soper
for Rockwell, Jenkins for Mettler, Shute for Graves,
Graves for Farnsworth. Umplire—Minds, Pean-
sy!vania. Referee—M cken, Pennsylvinia.
—Whitney. Time of halves—25 and 18
minutes.

TIGERS CLAW DARTMOUTH.

Visitors Play a Strong Game, but Do Not
Score on Jerseymen.

Princeron, Oct. 24.—Princeton defeated
the Dartmouth football eleven this afternoon
17 to 0. The visitors put up the strongest
game that has been played on the local grid-
iron this season, The new combination of
Dillon atleft guard and Short at centre proved
very strong for Princeton, and the Dart-
mouth eleven made very few gaina through
the centre trio. Although the visitors were
heavier than Princeton, the Tigers played a
stronger offensive game and a great improve-
ment was also notio*able in Princeton's de-
fensive work. Short showed his greengees
at centre by making several passes, but owing
to the fine work of Vetterlein, these never
resulted in a serious loss to the Tigers. Fum-
bling was frequent on both sides, but the
Tigers did not fumble at critical times. Dart-
mouth, however, lost the ball on a fumble
on her 10-yard line, and this gave Princeton
a chance to score easily. Much more punting
was done to-day than heretofore, but DeWitt

was not in ve ood form in this particular
and the punts did not prove effective in mak-
ing, gains for Ahe Tigers.

eWitt kicked off, and.
had been exchanged, Princeton
on a fumble at the visitors’ 1

Touchdowns—Owsley.
Bowma:

 

after several punt
0 got the bail
yard line.

ceesedBeatk”

  

tho

teams oe,

Cross back was mpd in wentin,

long runs, ins, Tuft’s star Rlun

through the Holy Cross line at will, but

other backs id not follow his ¢

Fee eee ee Pee as Maine fumbled
a us 3 ;

on tee ierard: line, on Holy Cross got the

ball, preventing an almost sure touchdown
for Tufts

Amherst, 16; Trinity, 0.

AMHERST, Mass., Oct. 24.—Amherat easily
defeated Trinity here this afternoon with
ascore of 16to0. Trinity played a good game,
hed and outclassed, and
had it not been for a costly fumble in each
half, Amherst would doubtless have added
at least ten points to her score. Never through-
out the gume was the Amherst goal in danger,
although on several occasions Trinity showe

Bmepey offence and
In the second half Amherst put in several
substitutes.

 

push

 

Wesleyan Beats N. Y. U.
MrppLeTownN, Conn., Oct. 24.—The Wes-

University eleven here to-day by a
of 6to0. Both teams made a hard fight from
kick-off to whistle, and both lines held firmly
Spainat the opposing team for the most part.
esleyan’s star half back, Gildersleeve,
made the best gains for his team, and scored
the only touchdown. For the New Yorkers
MeDowell and Tuthill proved the best ground
gainers.

 

Lehigh’s Big Scere.

BETHLEHEM, Pa., Oct. 24.—With ex-Capt.
Andy Farabaugh and Fullback Butler in the

Nova in short halves this afternoon. Fara-
baygh missed but one goal out of twelve,
and Butler and Gott gained the most ground,
figuring in sensational runs of eighty vards
several times. :

Lafayette, 6; Annapolis, 5.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Oct. 24.—The hardest
kind of a footbal) struggle took place to-day

 

De Witt advanced the ball fifteen yards and | between Lafayette and the Navy. The
then Kafer was pushed over for a touch- | lighter middies made a good fight ob it and
down, Vetterlein kicked goal. No more | were beaten by only one point. The score

was done in the first half. Before | was 6 to 5, and tfle result was in doubt to the

scorin,

the whistle, however, Vaughan made a run
of forty yards, but was downed by Miller's
brilliant tackle. In the second half Dart-
mouth kicked off to DeWitt, who made the star
play of the game by runaine with the ball
seventy-five yards down the field. This
brought the pigskin well down into the
enemy’s territory and Cooney was soon sent
over for the second touchdown. For some
time after the ball had been put in motion
again it did not get near either oal, but
finally Dartmouth was _ penaliz twenty
yards for holding and was then held for

 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 
  
 
      

downs. This gave Frinoston, the ball on the
visitors’ 20-yard line and McClave soon scored
the third touchdown.
Princeton. Position. Dartmouth.
WIAi ise vecersvevess Left end... ... Bullock
Cooney... Left tackle
Dillon {i guard
Short ..Centre... . Hooper
De Wit Right guard.. .. Gage
Reed RB ackle............Turmner
ODT pee e ee eee REQ ME CDG creer errr er ees Glaze
Vetterlein..........Quarter back., Witham
Hart....... «Left half back Dillon
KALOF. vatisevess ight half back. Vaughan
Miller................Full back Kn!bbs

Touchdowns—Kafer, Cooney, McClave. Goals
from touchdowns—Vetterlein (2). Referee—Snow,
Michigan Umplre— Hoyle, Pennsylvania. Substl-
tutes—McClave for Miller, Burke for Vetterlein,
Stevens for Kafer, Tellend for Bullock, Coburn for
Vaughan, Connelly for Knibbs, Kerr for Glaze
Mains for Dillon. Time of halves—80 and 28

minutes,
IMPROVEMENT AT HARVARD.

 

Crimson Shows Better Form and Defeats
Brown, 29 to 0.

CamMBRiDGR, Mass., Oct. 24.—Harvard rolled
up 29 points against Brown at football this
afternoon and kept the visitors from scoring.
It was the best game Harvard has put up
tris season. Harvard played the game
from start to finish and played [t against
a team that was fighting for every inch of
the gridiron, for Brown did not let up for an
Tne visiting eleven was outclassed at
every point, and the neareatit came to scoring
was the 37-yard line. The Harvard men
followed the ball better than ever before,
and for this reason were able to smother all
of the trick plays that Brown hurled at the
line Every tims Brown got the bail taere
was sometiiing new for the Harvard men to
solve, but the longest enin made against the
Crimson was four yards. Once in each nalf
Brown mado first down.

Once Brown heli! tae Crimson for down
and once In the first half forced a punt. Each
team made tnree fumbles.!Nichols was the star
of the contest. He starte] the game with a
run of \0$ yards for a toucndown. In the
second half ne, made another such play.
These runs were poasible because of the
superb Interference that Harvard had on
}ieks, On end runs, however, the inter-
ference was wretched. Harvard showed
that sne has an eleven that can be mode
into something with proper coaching and

   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

   
 
     
 

dling.

Harvard. Pasitions. Brown.
LeMoyne. . Left end.... Schwinn
Parkinson -Left tackle. - Higgins
Robinson Left guard.. MacGregor
Sugden .. ene COMETO. vresresesvoreees Colter
Marshall/.......... Right guard. ...Fletcher
Meler ms Right tackie. .. Webb

|)...Rlght end..

Bowaltz .. . Ru
Marshall -Quarter back Scudder
Nicuols .. .Left half back Walsh
Hurley.... Right half back . Curtiss
Schoelkopf.....-...- Full back.............Heckman
Touchdowns—Nichols (2), Meler (2), Schoelkopf.

Goals from touchdowns—Marshall (4), Umpire—
Dadmun, Worcester. Referee—Hedees, University
of Pennsylvania. Substitutes—Burgess for Le-
Moyne,. Carrick tor Robinson, Wilder for Sugden,
Montgomery for Bowditch, Harrison for Nichols,
Leland for MacGregor, Schwartz for Scudder,
Pearsall for Curtiss. Time—25 and 20 minute
periods.

JUST PRACTICE FOR CORNELL.

Western Reserve University Team Beaten,
41 to 0.

Irnaca, N. Y., Oct. 24.—Cornell defeated
Western Reserve University at football] to-day
by a score of 41 to 0. The visitors were too
light and inexperienced to withstand the
quick playing of the Cornell team. Two
touchdowns were made, one on a fumble
and the other on straight playing, in the first
two minutes of the game. The coaches then
took out half of the ‘varsity men and put in
substitutes. Often Cornell punted when not
forc.d to doso, in order to get practice on the
defensive. Coffin at full buck played a brill-
fant game. Lynah ran the team after the
first two minutes of play and proved himself
a competent substitute for Brewster. Capt.
Hunt was out of the game entirely on account
of his injured leg. At no time was the Cornell
team held for downs.
Positions.

 

Western Reserve.

 
  
   
  

   
 
  
 

 

.... Left end... ..,Malen

: .Cowatz

Marshall

. Stickles

.Gambee

8 -Holliday
orgy ...Right end. Canfield
Brewster. .Quarter back. Jackson
ice.. -Left half back .. Grimm
Snider Right half back .......VanVorhiss
Mn..... Full back................. King
Substitutes—Hacks'af! for Lawrence, Newman
for Vorts, Halliday for Schoolkopf Davitt for
Fetzer, Pavek for Costello, Crawford for Forgy,
Lynch for Brewster, McDonald for Rice, Cham-
paign for Snider, McAllister for Coffin, Barnett for
falen, Hodgeman for Gambee. Touchdowns —
Snider (2), Vorts, Rice, Champaign, McDonald,
McAllister. Goals from touchdowns-—Coffin (4),

Safety—Canfleld. Time of hal vea—25 and 20 minutes,
feree—Bear, Oberlin. Umpire—Case, Hobart,
ineman—Larkin, Cornell.

 

Williams, 13; Syracuse, &.

Syracrer, N. Y., Oct. 24.~Williama de-
feated Syracuse at football thie afternoon
for the first time since 1890, by the score of
17 to & It was a brilliantly played and
tlercely fought game Both teams were
strong in olfeno® rather tian defenos and
made repeated gains with the leather when
they seoured it. Capt. O'Neill kicked off for
Syracuse, Gutterson fumbled, and Syracuse
ot the ball. After a few short gains, with
he ball on Williams’ 20-yard line, O'Neill
dropped back and made a drop kick between
the goal posta. The ball was worked up
and down the fleld, but there was no more

scoring in the first half. Watson kicked off
to O'Neill in the second half, racuse
worked the ball up the field, when iliams

man stole it Paghody tried @ drop kick,
but it was blocked, Stocking falling on the
ball. After hard work Peabody, Gutterson,
Watson and Murray carried the pigskin over
the line, Watson making the touehdown.
Williame was successful in maki short
gains between the Syracuse tackles and
ence Peshody, made | the Recon touch-
own an urfee © laat, afte y

by Gutterson and Durfee r Tons Pune

 

o Holy Cross, @ Tufte, 6.
OBC¥STYS, Masa, Oct. %4.~-Holy Cross
defeated the Tufts eleven 6 to 6 thie afternvon
in the best football game ever played on the
local grounds. Each team scored a touch-
down and victory came to Holy Croes only

£ 5
Re a
ee  — ————

a
na EESrrernnnyyn ERE tiamnest oo ae
~ Se EE ee

ast.

 

Other Feotball Games.

At Ann Arbor—Michigan, 47; Drake, 0.

At Minneapolis—Minnesota, 46; Beloit, 0.
At Rochester—Hamilton, 11; Rochester, 6.
At Madison—Wisconsin, 57; Knox, 6.

At Nyack—Columbia F. C., 6; Nyack, 0.

At Lafayette—Purdue, 18; Oberlin, 2.

At Lincoln—Nebraska, 31; Colorado, 0.
At Binghamton--Binghamton High School,
81; Scranton High School, 0.

At {cate Conn.—-Weatminster, 6; Pom-

At Lakeville, Conn.—Hotchkiss School, 30;
Eastman, 0,
At South Orange—Seton Hall College, 5;
Manhattan College, 2.
At Andover—Andover, 43; Harvard Fresh-
men, 0.
At. Springfield, Mase.—Springfield Train-
ing School, 10; Worcester Technology, 6.
At Dobbs Ferry—McKenzle School,
Yonkers High School, 6.
At Stamford, Conn.—De Witt Clinton, 22;
Betts, 0.
At Chicago--University of Chicago,
Illinois, 6.
At Lawrence—Haskil! Indians,
eas, 6.
At Green Castle—De Pauw, 17; University
of indianapolis, 5.
At New Brunswick—Aaverford, 18;
gers, 6.
At. Cincinnati—Northwestern University,
85; University of Cincinnati, 0.
At Plainfield—Orange Field @lub,
Norwood A. C., 0.
At Stamford—Dwight School,
School, 3.
CARLISLE, Pa., Oct. 24.—Dickinson de-
feated Franklin and Marshall this after-
noon by a score of 18 to 6.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.—The
University team defeated the
Institute eleven to-day, 6 to 0.
The Brooklyn High School team defeated
the Orential A. C. at Washington Park yes-
terday afternoon by the score of 22 to 0.
Cutler School football team gained a well
earned victory by defeating Hamilton I[n-
stitute eleven at Columbia Oval yesterday

7;

18;
12; Kan-
Rut-

5; Manor

Columbian
Gallaudet

afternoon. The score was 17 to 0.
Newark High School's football eleven
continued {ts winning streak in Hoboken

esterday by winning from the Stevens

stitute team. The é6core was 29 to 0.

CARLISLE, Pa., Oct. 24.—The Carlisle In-
dians played their last home football game
this afternoon, defeating Swarthmore by
a score of 12 to 5.

Kimball Schoo! defeated Kyles School
team for The Bronx School League honors at
Highbridge yesterday afternoon. The score
was 13 to 6.

By a score of 58 to 0, St. Paul’s School team
defeated the Oyster Bay High School eleven
at Garden City yesterday afternoon. The
St. Paul's boys tore through their opponents’
line at will.

The eleven of the First Battalion, Naval
Militia, visited the Brooklyn Navy Yard yes-
terday and lined up against the eleven from
the battleship Texae. The final scora was
Naval Militia, 17; U. 8.5. Texas, 0.

The undefeated eleven from the battleship
Ala ama visited Fort Hamilton yesterday
and played their annual match at football
with the Fort Hamilton artillerymen. The
score was Alabama, 34; Fort Hamilton, 0.

At Morria Heights yesterday afternoon
the Adler and Fowler achool teame clashed
for honors in The Bronx School League. The
Adler boys used better Judgment at critical
stages and won, 6 to 0.

NorFOoLk, Va., Oct. 24.—The game between
the university teams was played to-day in
rain and cold before a small.crowd. North
Carolina was outclassed in individual and
team play, and the result was 3 to 0, in favor
of Georgetown. Hare of Georgetown made
a run of sixty-eight yards.

The Manhattan School team defeated
The Bronx School tearm at Williamsbridge

esterday afternoon by the score of 10 to 6,

he game was for the championship of The
Bronx Schvol League. Both teams played
hard football, all the scoring being done in
the second half.

PRINCE ALERT’S NEW RECORD.

Drives the Pacer a Half tn
&7 1-2 at Providence.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., Oct. 24.—-Under weather
conditions far from the best Prince Alert,
the pacing gelding owned by James Hanley of
this city, clipped a quarter of a second fromthe
world’s half-mile record thisafternoon at Nar-
ragansett Park. The new record was made
on the mile track, the start being made from
the backstretch. Prince Alert was paced
by two running horses, one to aulky and one
with jockey,

The driver was Mart Demarest, and Albert
H. Merrill officiated as starting judge. Dema-
reat had some trouble getting the gelding
{nto his stride, but after several scores hoe
got away on his trial against the watch.
He broke at about three lengths from the
wire, but excepting this little slip travelled
with a magnificent stride throughout.

Start er Merrill announced:

“Prince Alert, to beat the world’a half mile
record of 57% seconds, won. Time for the
half, 5754 seconds, for the quarter, 2944 sec-

Demarest

onds,
A good sized crowd witnessed the perform-
Aner oth eee beaen D
r the race Mart Demarest telegraphed
to E. E, Smathers at Memphis that he would
match Prince Alert against Dan Patch for
$20,000, The conditious provide that the
race shall take place at Memphis, Nov. 10,
and shall consist of the best two out of threa
one mile heats,

New York Yacht Clab Nominating Com-
mittee,

At @ meeting of the New York Yacht Club
last week the following members were se-
lected as the nominating committee to choose
officers and committees for next season: Ed-
ward M. Brown, Lewis Cass Ledyard, C. Oliver
Iselin, Seymour L. Husted, Jr., Charles Smith-
ers, PhillipSchuyler, J, Searle Barclay, Charles
T. Minturn, Robert Bacon, and W. B. Duncan,
Jr.

Ex-Vice Commodore Henry (©. Ward pre-
sided. Jt was announced that a club station
had been established at San Juan, Porto
Rico, which would be open during the winter
and be in charge of Regis H. Post.

The chairman was requested to appoint a
committee of yeren members to revise the
racing rules of the club and another com-
mittee five members to draft resolutions
of thanks to the syndicates and managin
2 nate OF @  iolance, Conatitution and

Uy o
oft ‘ for what they d far ent and aava
o merica’sa (\ e
committee on Cup ¢ lailenge an’ the i
gaits comm re now in the en,
he printer pi be distributed among eho

{d for the recent races

leyan football team defeated the New Yous | what discolored and torn, but still theemblem

‘Three touchdowns and °

game again, Lehigh ran up 71 pointe on Villa . The score was 6 to 6 at the end of the first

‘ half, and the fighting had been even.

{
\

ed through the .
rple and White line for substantial gains.

' of decisive victory.

a

erage nner rr eer ene ee rr gee ee

COLUMBIA TROUNCES QUAIERS

WINS FOOTBALL GAME WITH
18 POINTS TO RIVAL’S 6.

ae ee

Metzenthin’s Speed and Vigtlance a Big
Help te the Light Blue—Muffed Punts

Cestly te Pennsytvantans—6pe otacalar
Contest and Big Crewd of Onloekers.

Father Knickerbocker and Father Penn
had it out yesterday in their great gridiron
clinch, and the stout old Quaker, from
whom so much was expected, was tossed
violently up and down and across the chalk
ribbed arena of the Polo Grounds and finally
put on his back. Fighting back always, he
was, nevertheless, slowly, surely forced down
to defeat. His was the fight of the valiant,
but no less the fight of the loser, for through-
out the sixty minute grapple he was nearly
always the under dog. Over the trampled
red and blue of Pennsylvania was the white
and blue of Columbia, the latter colors some-

 

their dependent goals for Columbia, and
one touchdown and goal for Pennsylvania
was the final score—is to 6 the totally un-
looked for figures by which Columbia won,
Muffs of punts pluyed an important
part in the game. Columbia scored first,
and the score was the alinost direct result of
a muffed punt. Pennsylvania scored next
and right after a Columbia muff. Then
Pennsylvania muffed again and a touchdown
for Columbia was the immediate outcome.

In
the second half Columbia outplayed the
Quakers completely, and throughout the game
never showed the tendency to get rattled
which Pennsylvania did. The New Yorkers
were more versatile in attack, had the better
morale, and their generalship, as provided
by their quarter back, Jones, excelled Penn-
sylvania's.

Kicking, running in the open, broken field
dashes and the spectacular tackles they
afford combined to make the game very
entertaining for the 12,000 spectators. There
were no prolonged advances at steady rushes,
and neither side had a formidable offence.
Watchfulness in seizing opportunities, speed
in being on hand to take advantage of mis-
takes and rapid and unexpected shifting
in the phases of the game were what prevailed.
There were numerous mistakes, but they
only increased the uncertainty of the out-
come, and the kaleidoscopic changes, while
proclaiming the absence of perfect football,
enhanced the tussle as a feast for the eye.

Columbia's interference for running back
kicks was eplendid. It formed instantly
and compactly, and the man with the ball
shot along behind it at high speed. The
Pennsylvania backs, except A. Smith, who
was their only reliable ground gainer, lacked
the dash and determination of the Columbia
men, and even Smith ran hesitatingly at
times. But he had no such protection as
the Columbia men. Metzenthin was a Co-
lumbia hero. His knack of always being
close to the ball and his speed enabled him to
make two touchdowns in the second half.
The tussle in the line was pretty even, but
Bruce was too much for Taylor after McCabe
had been disqualified for roughing. Colum-
bia, however, had a better organized attack.
Her men grouped better, helped each other
better and the plays were gotten off with
more speed. The two Pennsylvania ends
did fine work, especially Weede. Butkiwicz
also played well and consistently for Penn-
sylvania.

The double duty of playing end and punting
was well attended to by Bishop, but it may
be said on the subject of kicking that it was
the most erratic ever seen. It varied from
good to miserable. Bruce was the most _con-
sistent leather booter of the day, and Penn-
sylvania on the whole was outdone in punt-
ing. Another way in which she was outdone
was that more Columbia men got through
and down under kicks, and they seldom
failed to grip the runner good and hard.
On both aides the tackling was sharp.

Corson, the Quaker guarter back, messed
things up badly. In fact his and Smith’s
mistakes lost the game for the Philadelphians,
Corson seemed to lack confidence and did
not key up his men as did Jones. Nor did
he direct the plays with as good judgment
as Jones, who is as good a quarter as there
is on the field to-day.

1 previous astonishing disappointments
in the annals of pporting ocourrences were
occasions of wild hilarity compared to the
emotions of the Quaker partisans after the
game. They weredumfounded. Before the
game offers to bet, 3 to 1 on Pennsylvania
went begging. aa did offers of even money
that Columbia would not score. The Ca-
lumbja studenta could have bankrupted
the Philadelphia coffers had they had sut-
ficient confidence in their team. As it is,
the mente of Columbia ma OpEy, {a a silver
lining to the Quaker cloud. oweyer, the
Quakers were game losers. The student
band which came along blared forth just
as Deer, after the game ag before. though
occasionally there was a dirge-like note
in their post-mortem serenade tor their
fallen warriors. The defeated players also
were cheered spiritedly by the Pennsylvania
students.

While this was going on, the Columbia co-
horts were prancing and dancing, cutting all
sorts of deliriously delighted oopere on the
late scene of the conflict. They locked arms
in platoons of eight and with a band playing
the air of “Down Where the Wurzburger
Flows,” but attuned to “Down Where the
Blue and White Goes,” they kicked up their
heels and pounded neighboring backs and
smashed hats in a revelry of joy.

Columbia’s cheering was aplondid-aver
more volume wes in it at Columbia's darkeat
hour—just after Pennsylvania had scored—
than any other time. here was no evidence
of the so. want of Columbia spirit.
That the city is football hungry was shown
by the size of the attendance, which reached
proportions recalling the days of Yale-Prince-
ton games here ten years ago. In the grand
stand was a young woman admirer of Colum-
bia wearing a Bisp paper chrysanthemum
with a blue © In the centre, whose escost
deplored the fact that she had split her gloves
applauding.

“What do I care,” she replied, “I won a box
of gloves from cousin Carrie in Philadelphia.”

“Get odds?” ’

“Why no, of course not. They'll be mated
gloves, of course.”

Pete, the Columbia bull terrier mascot,
forecasted the afternoon's result by, starting
a fight with a srexhound just as the tea
came on the fleld and making the greyhoun
flee for safety to a secluded spot back of the
benches, where the Pennsylvania substitutes
sat. “That's how we'll eat ‘em up!” said a
Columbia student.

“Betting odds don’t win football games.”

The game began with a kick-off by A. Smith
of Pennaylvania, Columbia haying the north
goal and a little wind in her favor. It took
Smith several minutes to get the ball ad-
justed right, but when his toe crashed into
the leather the latter went to Jones on the

10-yard line. The Columbia men_ coolly,
quickly and in a most businesslike way
moved to their positions as interferers for

Jones, who was as composed aa could be,
No sooner had tne ball settled in his arms
than he was going like an automobile out for
a world’s record. He went fifteen yards be-
fore the Rd and Blue charge got to him
Fisher could not gain from the scrimmage
and Bruce fel] back for a punt. He kicked
to P Ber irente 40-yard line, where R. Smith
made a fine tackle of the Pennsylvania Smith.
The latter at once kicked back, and it was a
poor effort. Duell caught on Columhin's
45-yard line, but as Weede had interfered
with the catch Pennsylvania was penalized
fifteen yards. The ball was on Pennesylva-
nia’s 50-yard line, and Bruce triad a place kic
for gon, The kick was ten yards short and
Corson, who caught, came hurtling back in
leaps and bounds. He gathered fh thirty-
five yards. In two rushes Pennsylvania
made a first down and Drake hit Columbia's
left wing for a three-yard advance, Davis
umped phrough the same spot for five, and
t looked as if the Quakers were going to
wade right through the Morningside squad.
A. Smith kept it up with a four-yard plunge
through the wavering left flank, Drake went
two more and then Columbia braced and
stood arn i burdle
A. Smith t to bur the centre and
was pulled down as he reached the fe.
Corson tried a quarter back run and w
ganked to the grass for a loss of two Varin,
ennaylvania was forced to punt and A.
Smith's feeble kick sent the ball out of bounds
at Columbia's 40-yard line, From the ensuing
line-up Bruce punted back, and a fine punt
it was. Both Corson and A. Smith misjudged
the ball and it went over their heads They
chased back after it. A. Smith fell on it on
Pennsylvania's |-yard line, but did not squeeze
it tightly and it rolled from under him.
With hawklike vigilance a Columbia man
legned for and grabbed the ball.
his was Columbia's chance, and their
piones wore Wu, with pope Juell foure
enneylvania’s Wing firm and wae beaten
sok he Binith then” hus v0
the red and blue line 4

ne fit art centre. Smith fell over

  
 
  
 

ia 4 touchdown.

yell fran y
ssid tase Sees ape

bed the
Pad

 

——— ee .

eee ee
— a
< 4 2

    

  
  

nes was again the man in front of the ball '
was superb, aud cubis time
the ‘pisektt oS ag my
get only « yard at the centre and

Jones's quarter back run aimed at Penn-
sylvania’s right extremity was a failure.
Columbia was forced to punt, and bruce
made an abortive effort, only for a few
Plekarski got tbe ball for Pennsyl-
A. Smith hurdled tne
centre for three yards Drake ploked up two
through left tackle. A. Smith scaled the
centre for three more and then fumbled.
Metger’s catlike dive saved the ball for
Pennsylvania. z

Corson tried a quarter back kick which did
not work. The ball went out of bounds and
was Columbia's on the latter's 32-yard line.
Bruce made a good punt to A, Smith, who
came in ten yards. A 60-yard punt by A.
Smith carried the leat) r over Columbia's

oal line for a touch-back by Jones. Bruce

ieked from the 20-yaru iine and A. Smith
returned the ball to Jones on Columbia's 3-
yard line. Jones was downed in his tracks,
owing to Weede’s swiftness in reaching ‘im
Bruce was forced to kick from b’bind the
goal posts and sent the ball only to Columbia's
28-yard mark. A. Smith made a fuir catch,
then tried and missed a place kick.

Once more Bruce kicked out from the 20-
yard line. Drak «athered the oval in on Penn-
sylvania's 50-yard line and dashed forward
fifteen yards. Ziegler, running from his

sition in the line, could not gain, and A.

mith punted over the goal line. Bruce made ;

good return from the 20-yard line to A. |

yards.
vania in midfield.

a
Smith on Pennsylvania's 62-yard line.

Pennsylvania's frequent kicking was pav-
ing the way to a touchdown. A return kick
by A. Smith, well placed, carried the ball to
Jones on Columbia's 12-yard line. Right
here Jones made his sole costly error, The
elusive oval bounded out of his hands and
Butkiewicz, who was on the apok threw him-
self on it. With a guards ack formation
Pennsylvania did not gain the first time, but
A. Smith was a human catapult. In three
tremendously fierce rushes he travelled the
necessary twelve yards, the last one taking
him across for a touchdown. Smith also
aoned the goal, the ball just squeezing inside

@ uprights.

ase Caught Bruce's short kick-off, but

Columbia was offside, waa penaliz five
yarde, and kicked off again. Drake caught,
ran in twenty-five ¥ » an
ball when tackled. om T
ball for Columbia. Duell an
six yards in two rushes, but Thorpe cou
not gain. Then Jones missed a gor from
the m-yard line. Just as he kicked, part
of the sane in front of the south bleachers
fell in and two or three dozen men went
sprawling to the ground. :

Pennsylvania kicked from the 20-yard line.
Duell caught in midfield, after which a tan-
Foe nee cota the ball over

op’s sixty-yard punt carr: f

fppon line, Jones dropped A. Smith's re-

turn, and Dick Smith fell on the all for Colum-
bia in the centre of the field. Fisher was
hauled and dragged five through

Pennsylvania’s ran tackle. Butkiewlcz
stopped Brown without gain; Thorp made
only two yards and Bishop punted from a
pass. Corson peat and came back

fifteen yards to Penney, vania’s 35-yard line.
Weede scooted around Columbia's left end
five yards, A. Smith annexed eleven more in
two tries, Davis could not budge thecentre,
and A. Smith punted to Duell on Columbia's
20-yard line. ,

ishop fell back for a kick, but the pass j
was very high, and Bishop ran with the ball.
He made thirty yards, but as he was outside
the 25-yard line the run did not count, un
Columbia was penalized fifteen yards. This
put the ball on. Columbia’s 5-yard line, and |
after a series of punts and fumbles the halt
ended. It was Vennsylvania’s ball on Col- |
umbia’s 25-yard line.
Between halves the rival bands tooted
away at the top of their lungs, the students
cheered and sang, and it was a sight that
for removing the wrinkles of care beat all
the steaming and massage.
Bruce opened the second half by kicking
off to Kase-‘on Penneylvania’s 25-yard mark.
Bishop threw him where he stood. Punts }
were exchanged and once Columbia wus .
malized for interfering with a catch. Then |
ishop tried to run on a fake kick, and
Metzger's beautiful tackle from behind
topped him for a loss. Bishop made a weak
Eickand Weede eeived the leather tor Pennsyl-
vania on Columbia's 40-yard line. Kase,
Smith and Drake, in turn, rushed nine yards,
when Columbia's defence stiffened and Corson
tried a quarter back kick. The bull went to
Columbia, and the light blue made two brill-
fant advances. Jones hustled twelve yards
on a quarter back run and Bishop twenty five
on a fake kick, both around Pennsyivania’s
left end. At this period McCabe of Pennsyl-
vania was ruled out for rough work.
The slippery Metzger then made his presence
felt with two gains, but Pennsylvania, gettin
the ball on downs on Pennsylvania‘s 35-yar
line, A. Smith scurried Leet ye yards
on a fake kick. Several punts followed, and
on one of them Corson missed a catch on
Pennsylvania's 40-yard line. Metzenthin was
right on top of him, and in the twinkling of
an eye had the ball and was headed goal-
ward. The Quakers gave stern chase, but
“Metz” waa a will o’ the wisp. He etreaked

 

down the fleld like a phantom and never
paused until he had planted the pigskin
squarely behind the goal posts. Jones

kicked the goal with deadly precision and the
acore was 12 to 4.
Jones, the ubiquitous, made a thrilling
journey of forty yards following Pennsyl-
vania's kick-o¥. The Quakers were up in
the air. “Merz” went four yards and T.
Thorp. three, the two taking opposite wings.
Columbia punted soon afterward and A.
Smith revived the drooping Pennsylvania
apirita with a dodging run of forty-five yards.
fe nearly got clear and Duell toesed him just
in the nick of time. There was a fumble by
Weede a short. while later, and Metzenthin
getting the ball raced along for thirty yards
to Pennsylvania's 53-yard line. He followed
this with a fifteen yard advance by skirting
the end on a double pass. The ball had been
worked to Pennsylvania's 35-yard line when
Metzenthin again earned undying fame for
himself. A feint was made on Pennsylvania's
left and the Rianere drawn over. But the
ball was not there. “Metz” had it_and was
tearing off in the other direction. He circled
the right end, then awerved to the left, eluded
Corson and scampered unmolested over the
oal line for a touchdown. Bruce attended
the goal kick.
The Quakers braced a bit toward the finish.
Just before the wind-up A. Smith made five
vanes on a delayed pass, and the ball was
ennsylvania’s on Columbia's 12-yard line
when the game ended.
Columbia. Positions.

      
  
 
 
  
  
  
 

Pennsylvania.
EAA

     
  
 

Bishop... .. Left end.. .. Weede

Town... . -Left tackle. Butkiew toz
Tomlinson -Left guard. .»Plekerskt
Bruce..... ves Contre... .. MeCebe
Stangland.. . Richt guard... coon RAKE

. Thorp... . Riwht tackle... ores ce  AOrler.
Buell... ...Right end... -Metzver
Jones Quarter back. . Corson

Left helf back . Davis
Right half back . . Dreke
R. Smith.. oe. Pull back... .........A. Smith
Touchdowns—R. Smith, Metzenth!> (2), A. Smith.
Goals from touchdowns—Jones (2), Bruce, A
Smith. Referree—Wrightington, Harverd. Um-
fre-—Langford, Trinity. Linesman--Pedineton,
Yale. Time of halves--30 minutes. Substitutes—
Metzenthin for Fisher, Donovan for Jones, J. Thorp
for Duell, Taylor for McCabe.

 

 

Fox Terriers for America

A wire haired fox terrier, as creat in repu-
tation as a winner: abroad asGo Bang, brought
over by UG. M. Carnochan at a cost of $2,500,
arrived yesterday on the -Lucania, but the
dog was sold in London for the record price in
the breed, $3,500, The noted winner, which will
be benched at the Ladies’ Kennel Asso {'tion
show, is Raby Coastguard, and the purchaser
is P. M. Harley of San Francisco. Mr. Harley |
has also bought a strone team, including
Manila, Raby Mearnn and Richmond (Con-
flict. George Raper, the kennel club judge,
came over, in persona] charge of Raby Coast-
guard,

Yacht Racing Association to Amend Racing
Rules.

The regular meeting of the Yacht Racing
Association of Long Island Sound will bea
held at the Arena, 41 West Thirty-secon!
atreet, next Thuraday evening at 8:30 o'clock.
Several Rraponed amendments to the rocing
rules will be submitted which will provide
for restricted classes of 15, (%, 27 and 35-
foot water line length. The chonges in the
rules are not very importiunr

 

SS

Nathan Straus Wins Free-for-All at Waverly
Park.

The members of the Road Horse Association of
Now Jersey held the Jast regular matinee of the
season st Waverly Parx yesterlay. Five races
were decided including the free-for-all for the
ehampionship cup, which waa won by tae former
8 way champlon Nathan Siraus, 2:0544, driven
by B. Meyer. In the 2:35 cliss trot M. RK. Harris
behind Nana was thrown from the wagon and
seriously Injured,
2:20 class, trotting; to wagon
Americus, b. g. (J. FE. Meyer
Aslich, br. g. (A. C. Fentzloff)
Happy Vents, oh. m. (Stacy Sntth)
Nellle Collins, b. m. (James Smith)
Time-2:20!;. 2:27%4. ¥:28%

Lateed
1233
3 Sar |
4 4dr

Free-for-all, trosiiag and pacing champlonship: |
Nathan Straus, b. g. (i), Meyer) ' eee |
Skyland Girl, br. m. (M. K. Harris) 228

filly D., b. K; (George Oh) $5 2
tile, bog (B.A, acne) 4365
David Muscovite, bik. g. (L. Meyer) 544

Time 216lg, 2:17. 2710

2.20 class; trotung
Jeasia Delmar, bom. (Jobn Grewory pO
Rubber, bik. g (William Stengel) 2338
Bobby V., br. g. J. BE. Meyer) 882
Zeluco, br. g (FE. M. Grover) dcavea

Time—2B144, 2.804, 2.8)'4 {

2:36 class, paciig (declared (aisted). |
Stranger J.,b. g. (A. Decker) 11. 8
Waverly Chief, 5 ES Meyer) 93t
geome 4. b. 6. | ‘. Mullen) 292

Aap (W. B. Atwater) 446
y Aldrich, b. m. (George A Ob)) 6 ode
ime--2:20, 2:20l4, 2.20
2:28 class, toting (declared finished)
¥ Spot, oF Bu a Green, Jr) ba
Kod’ eo el) ”

ena, c 5 it K. Harris) ; 4
ieee B » John MeLaren) 10% 6

yO. mm UV, oolsey) . sortcoveverss & 6

‘ws » 9b.

argument of ta.k or print.
drinking.

ALL DRALERS AND RESTAURANTS SELL EVANS’ ALE
Brewed for Past t17 Years by C. H. Evans & Sons,
New York City Depot (Wholesale only) 127 Hudson st.

CONVERTING
THE SKEPTICS

There ars still some ale-drinkers who stick to the notion
that the on'y ale fit to drink is brewed abroad.
is sessened every me one of them is untroduced to

Evans Ue

a product made by Americans, but cosmopolitan in its nature.
One tortie goes further toward converting the skeptic than any
The proos of the Ae is in the

er

 
  

    

   
    
  

Their number

Hudson, N. Y.

 

PARRY ANSWERS LABOR MEN,

RESPONDS TO THEIR LIST OF
QUESTIONS ON UNIONS.

 

Tells Them What a “Legitimate Union” Is
and Scores Methods of Violence
—Labor Leaders Boast of Socialism
—Attack on Roosevelt ‘‘a Foe! Thing.”

INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 24.—Immediately fol-

slowing the Labor Day exercises here,at which

President Samue! Gompers of the American
Federation of Labor paid hia respects to
President. Parry of the National Associa-
tion of Manufacturers, local labor leaders,
at the suggestion of Mr. Gompers, pre-
sented a series of fifteen questions to Mr.
Parry and asked for an answer to each one,
the questions being so framed as to present
the whole subject of unionism and secure
Mr. Parry’s views on every point.

Owing to demands upon his time Mr.
Parry did not complete his answer to the
several questions until to-day, and the
whole will be embodied in a pamphlet of
some 20,000 words and distributed among
the manufacturers of the country. In
an opening paragraph and in answer to a
question regarding Mr. Parry's idea of
legitimate and illegitimate unions, he says
that a legitimate union is one that confines

| itself to lawful purposes and that itis not

lawful to attempt to prevent a man from
working simply because he does not belong

to a union.

Mr. Parry contends that a man ought to
have the right to choose for whom he would
work, and ifhe is not suited with the terms of
employment, he has the undoubted right to
quit, but he has no moral right to stand
around the shop of his former employer and
endeavor by threats and intimidation to pre-
vent others from working. In this con-
nection he eays: “That the list of crimes
committed this year under the auspices of
the strike societies is sufficiently ominous
in length to make every Belt -renpecsi &
man clear bis ekirts of any connection wit.
organizations to which so much odium is
ene ha that a great y

r. Parry charges that a _man
unionists boast of their belief in socialism,
and such men are at heart traitors to their
country, for socialism denies that the indi-
vidual seases inherent rights and says
he must yield to the State every vestige of
initiative and every claim of ownership
persorally to the property which his energy
and talent create.

Mr. Parry then turns to the creation of
classes in this country, says:

ln a

NO STRIKE ON ELEVATED.

Motorm en and Firemen Walting for Arrival
of J. J. Hanahan.

There was no strike talk yesterday among

the members of the g-ievance committee
of the motormen and firemen on the ¢le-
vated railroads. First Chief Engineer
T. 8. Ingraham, who came here on behalf
of the Brotherhood of Lecomotive Engi-
neers to take charge of ¢ffairs for the mos
tormen, evidently holds the grievance
committee well in hand.
* The grievance committee remained all
ay at the Broadway Central Hotel, waiting
to hear from J. J. han, geand c’ief o
the engineers. He had nev arrived last
evening, so the committee left for their
homes. Until he comes matters are at a
standatill.

Before any arrangements are made for
the chiefs to go before the officiis of the
Interborough company they will have a
Joint conference with the entire grievance
committee.

Strike of Watoh Case Engravers.

One hurdred watch case engravers
struck in four shops in Brooklyn yesterday
for an advance in wages and recognition of
the Watch Case Engravers’ Union,

DON DERBY’S FAST PACING.

 

 

Speedway Flyer Goes a Half in 57 1-2
—Champlonships Begin.

The firet of the series of matindes to decide
the fall championship of the Koad Drivers’
Association was held over the upper streich
of the Speedway yesterday afternoon. ‘he
cool temperature served to keep the attend-
ance down to tae minimum, but the racing
was worthy of a Grand Circuit crowd.

The sensationn! event was the half mile
paced by James A. Murphy's Don Derby,
2:0414, completely overshadowing anything
ever before done to wugon and equalling the
time of Prince Alert vesterday in harness
when he followed a runner. All the races
were timed by having a large white signal
flag dropped at the starting post. In the
exhibition of Don Derby a second sixnal
was dropped when he mark ed the quarters
mile post.

Six official timers started their watchcs when
the flag announced that Don Derby was on
the record breaking journey. When the
signal announced that the journey was half
completed the hands split at 0:28. “He's
fairly flying!” shouted the crowd. Without
a falter the king of the Speedway swept on.
and when the watches snapped as hie head
reached the half mile post the timers looked
at each other, each waiting for some one else
to speax first. “My watch shows 0:57 3-5,”
said the first to break the silence. “And mine
0:57 2-5," eaid the next. Five of the six
watches agreed with these figures, and it was

“Again. unionism is doing much to erect \ deciaed that 0:57% was the official time.

class barriers by destroying the personal
relationship between the employer and
employee. It is true that industrial de-
velopment sppears: Gn to be come the
same thing, but unionism is certainly ac-

celerating the process. It tends to make

the union the boss instead of the man who
pays the wages, and the latter is looked
upon as one with whom a temporary con-
tract has been made, which ccntrict is to
be filled with as little labor as pessible for
the stipulated wages paid.

“Talk about labor being considered a
commodity! If collective barguining does
not make it a mere subject of burter, ike
so much iron or coal, what does it de? ‘ie
employer who deals with a uniun dickera
for his labor in a Job lot order. He wants
a certain amount of work dune, and Le des
not care a particle who does it or how it is
done, just go it is done.

“It is impcssivie to have a perfect union
along the present lines of univnism. In
England unionism has cbtained a strong
foothold so strung, in fact, that it has
choked the life out of a large number of
the leacing industries. The British people
now buy from Germany and cther fureign
makers the preducts formerly mace by
these induatrier, and the thousancs of men
who had empivyment in them assist in
making up the 11 per cent. of the popula-
tion cf England that is a charge upon the
‘poor relief.’

“About the most foo! thing in the boycott
line recently is the attempt of the Wash-
ington (entral Labor Union to put the
Presicent of the United States on the ‘un-
fair list.’ That ‘unfair list’ bics fair to
become a rcll: f hencr with a vengeance.
The Presicent Las declared that he will
ac minister the law withcut fear or favcr,
and that even though his ‘open shop’ orcer
for the Government D partments cefeat
him for reelection, he wil) stand by it just
the same,

“Of nll the absurd and presumptuous
propositiors that of atticking the Presi-
dent bec | se of his refusi) to violate his
ooth of + ffl-e to enforce the law without
diserimin tion ebout caps the c.imax.
The insolence of the circular isaied recentiy
by Gompers, Mitchell end cthers, after
they hed called upon the President in refer-
ence to tle Miller c7ee, is only equalled
hy the ard city of the misrepresert tion
thet iteont ins, According to this circular
the President heievea in the open sho
for the Government, but not for prive
employers. Any man of common sense
knows tint tis eonnet be true,

“The President is reported also to be in
fnvor of the Fiprsees ei )t-hour bi!), bet
it may he aifely esaerted that no min in
the President's pesition, end lecst of all
the present incumbent, would commit him-
self in this feahicn .s to a proposed act
of 'eris|;tion to which there is such serious
objection.”

 

BUCHANAN IN A BAD FIX.

Saddicd With Parks’s Union Against His
Will, He May Order Striiec,

Ffforts have been mede the pest week
by P esident Buchanan of the Internationa}
Associ tion of Bridge ard Structure) Iron
Workers ies bee in recogn Hien, of the Movne-
ari'’s an rijgemen'a Union b
Emplovers’ Afso tion, ” 7. oe

Puchanen is till addleg with the local
union, t rough the action of the Kanane
City convertion declifr@ hie suepension
of it to be illegal, He weited ell iat week
rt te Ashlard Bouse efter being told }v
the Iron Lergue that there were no d fii-
oul 6 ” 6 ae.

‘he [ron Leegue erd the Fmrloyere’
Association haves reed to rean eae ole
the Houreamithe’ (fon of New Vo k and
to eut the Houreemithe end Bridgemen’s
Urion out of their programme.

Buchanan left the city yeete
will return eerly this week eres 4
metiig of the tternetiona) and loge!

execi (ive committcart the Aghle
et which a@ final attem;t will pore Bouse,
procu @ ecogt \tion fion. the lron Lee gue

Fr iling in this, secorcd g to Interne thonal
Secretary Johreton, the etikes ordered
in cities out ide of New York *#gninet mom-
bers of the [ron equ, which wee csiled
off by Preeident Buchanan some time ago
will be ordered op again. zi

Np ee

 

ce ee eee

The long programme was cleared without
a hitch. The time throughout was fast and
the contests keen. A strong wind blew down
pho Gerstas and helped make the fast average
of time.

Class D., trotting:

   
  

  
  

 

Might Hawk, b. g. (F. W. Boynton)...........3 1 1
Ben Pandect, b. f (E, W. Caterson)... seal, 6 2
Santos, br. g. (Thomas Leahey)......... 8 2ro
Belfry Chimes, b. m. (Andrew Crawford) 6 3ro
Nelly Wilkes, b. m, (P. Helpenhausen) 4470
Lily Stranger, b. m. (J. L. Dodge).............8 530
Time—1:0654, 2:08, 1:1044.

Class D., nacing:
Ogden Smi b bik. g. (John W. Smlth)........ sit
Alioe Drake, ulk. m. 4A. Cone).......-...5065 3128
Bell Boy, ch. g. (George Leveen)..............3 5 ro
Trixie, g. m. (George Buckman)... ..$ 3fo
Bicycle Girl,g.™ (Samuel Bloch).........+..4 410

Tm —1:00'4, 1:06 1:07.

Class C; trotting:
Oakland Pilot, b. ¢g. (George Huber)........1 5 1
Princess Pique. blk. m. (Thomas Leahy)....4 1 2
Royal Rene, br. g. (W. Kilpatrick) .........2. 4ro.
Euchre Prize, bik. m. (L. Traisssnet)........8 2ro.
Ballerton, b. g. (Pred Fisher)... 748 -.8 6ro.
Freeland, b._ g. (David Gooiman).. 5 $ro.

Time—1:00%, 1:0754, 1:0634.

Class A; pacing:
Roy B., b. g. (J. Borden)....................8 121
Moth Miller, ro. &- (George Huber)..........1 3 3
Birdina, b. m. (W. C. Floyd-Jones) ..........2  ¢ra
Jack, b. g. (Dr. H. D. Gib |... ..4 2r0,

Time—1:05, 1-04!4, 1:6.

Claas A, trowing:

Dark Secret, b. m. (W.C. Floyd-Jones) tay
Indlan Jim, br. g. (Claus Bonling) ...........12 2
Time—1:05!4, 1:04, 107%.

Championship, trotting:
King Colmes, b. g. (\V. C. Floyd Jones)...... S21
Allabr ve, b. £: (Ch res Lloyd) ... .........1 38 3
Annie Little, b. m. Wunn F. Cockertl}........2 292

Time~-1 :04!5, 1:03)4, 1:04.

Trotn, teams:
West Wilkes and Tootsle’s Daughter (L. A.

Burke)....... i
Swift and Miss Hibbard (John
Timo-—-L:14'4, 1:
Class B, pacing:
Don Cozine, blk. (D, Lee) ivcsevetorere
Piccola, b. g. \W.J, Roseme r :
Hel» H., b. m. \C, Hackett) es
D we, H., blk. g. (Thomas Sharkey)..
Lio ., b. 8. (Isaac Hopper) Reeve tes
Time—108, 1:06'4, 1:06,

Cless B, trotting:
Possibility, cn. g. (Thomas F. Russell) ..
liderim, b. g., (W. J. Clork)...

Tow Kene >. Ki (M. Briukhetmer)
Ila, b. m. (Dr. homas Tugele)

Ellert, b. g. (Charlies Sackett) ...
Time—1:0544, 10514.

 

woe
ove

 

 

 

Class D, inz.
Precious, ch. m. (J. L. Dodge).....-............4 1
Nelly R., bom. (W. J. Minor). 4... . eee eee 2 2
Maggie Alencon, f m. (L. H. Periman)........9 8

Time—-1:10, 1:08'4.

Claas F, trotting
Ortine, b. g. (james F. Gibbons)........-.......1 |
Alice B., b. m. (John Pirung).......... 22
Gray Billy, g. g. (\Willtam Zoott)..... 33

 

Time—1:1244, 1:00.

   

6m 7” =

for

COLDS

*77" breaks up Colds.
°77° knocks out Grip.
“71° stops Coughs.
*77" dries up Influenza
*71" relievea Pain.
HELPS TO “SEVENTY-SEVEN °
Wcupaerrs’ No, 27 controls the action
of the Kidneys—a blessing to children and
old people—often required by men in tide
die life
Humpaners’ No. 10, for Dyspepsia and
Indigestion, keepe th: stomach clean--#
great belp in time of Colds
Houmpusere’ No. 16 clears the systern of
Urie Acid, ouring Rheumatiam and Luim-
bago brougnt on by exposure and coli
Ip emai bottles of pleasant pellets ‘hat
fit the vest pocket. At Druggists, 25 one
B® Medica) Guide mailed free
Mumpuseye’ Med. Go, Cos. William & Joba waste,
Hew tom.

 

—_

 

 

e
tl
r
D
©
@
fi
8
©
c
L
a
r
t
I
d
t
J

ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee

ee Gad od OG ieee

am A ae.

Ses ae oy Be tae i wi i ee ee eee

==

ed «pul el Wane ee Sn” a ee aE ta ES