y

o>

 

 

.

   
    
   
  
     

12 a44

MOTORS RULED
BY SHAME, RAIN,
LOYALTY, FEAR

New York’s 193,000 Passen-
ger Cars Are 99 Per Cent.
Obedient to Garfield.

IS LIKE DAYS OF TWEED

 

 

 

 

Second Sunday of Gasolene
Saving Is Quieter Than
the First. «

 

Veess than 1 per cent. of New York's
193,000 passenger automobiles had the
temerity to poke their noses out of ga-
Yage yesterday, the second of Dr. Gar-
field’s celebrated gasless Sundays. The
estimate is that of Richard Enright,

ae LC tee, 7; Vp ear yt % of ”
BL aR EE PE Ap

| fic

¢

narily at the Grand Concourse and the
Kingebridge road junction probably
6,000 cars would pass. The comparison
seems to reflect the accuracy of Com-
missioner Enright's 1 per cent. estimate.

Roadhouses were even more com-
pletely deserted than the previous Sun-
day, and quburban resorts starved for
lack of custom,

The reports from Brooklyn were that
Practicaily no violators were found in
the borough, and the record of only one
automobile accident never has been ap-
proached. Along Ocean Parkway, which
is one of the liveliest motor car roads,
and which is the main route to Coney
Island, only six cars were checked up by
the police from 6 A. M. to 6 P. M., and
all were Mriven by doctors who said
they were out in answer to calls.
Quéensboro Bridge, formerly packed
with cars golmg and coming, was vacant
even of commercial trucks and prosented
a bare expanse of roadway except for
the occasional slow moving horse drawn
vehicle.

Names of Drivers Taken.

At Hillside avenue and Queens Boule-
vard the entrance to Long Island from
Manhattan, the police counted forty-
four cars in twelve hours. Seven were
operated by physicians. The rest were
driven by apparent slackers whose
names and car) numbers were taken, ag
elsewhere in the city. Policemen waited,
‘by the Mayor's orders, notebook in hand,

| terday,.

RE, OF

— By rm

2

TRIXIE FRIGANZA IS

 

GROVE RTL TMT

 

 

MUST CONVERT YOUR

LIBERTY BONDS SOON

CAUGHT MOTORING jprivitere

of Getting Higher

 

Ends Nov. 9.

 

Dr. John Roach itn Aho dato privilege of converting first and

Goes Riding Despite Gas-
less Sunday.

 

“WORKING” THEIR EXCUSE

 

Trixie Had Package to Carry
—Pastor Said He Had Some
Calls to Make.

 

Two New York notables were seen
using their automobiles on gasless yes-
Both offered the same excuse;
they were going to work. .

One was Trixie Friganza of vaudeville
fame; the other was the Rev. Dr. John
Roach Straton. Trixie Friganza com-

to take the names of violators, but on |Pleted last night a week's engagement at

the whole thelr work was light. At all of {the Colonial , Theatre.

the ferries and bridges motor car traf-
slackened to almost nothing.

Commissioner of Police, who is as good | Throughout the city garages and gaso-

® guesser on such matters as can be
found in these parts.

If Sunday, September 1, seemed like
going back to the days of Grover Cleve-
land, hansom cabs and fourwheelers,
“Florodora,” Virginia cigarettes and
“After the Ball,” Sunday, September 8,
resembled a New York Sabbath in the
heyday of Bill Tweed.

ceful.
nfluence of a simple request from Wash-
ington not only stopped time in its
tracks, it resurrected the past—the
fin which gentlemen stayed home of a

Sunday and got acquainted with an

wives.
Coachmen, not chauffeurs, were the

{hia home.

‘lene supply stations closed for the day.

Many pertons etopped by the police
had excuses to offer, An aged woman
produced a certificate signed by a doc-
tor, stating that a daily automobile ride
was essentiaf to her health. George Ar-
liss, an actor, seemed indignant when
Policeman O'Leary blocked his way. He
said he had Been stopped six times on

It was that {his way to the Pennsylvania Station and
The marvelious and magical| was afraid he would miss his train for

Pittsburg. A woman sald she was re-
turning from the Pennsylvania Station
where she had'taken her sister, a Red
Crosg nusee. A private soldier exhtbited
a telegram which {disclosed that his
mother and sister were ill in Newark,
A womah driving a little

lords of the highways; bables played henry pointed to a Mas achusetts li-
fearlessly {n the streets; police had time |cense plate, and said she just simply
to flirt with nurse girls; pastors preached|} had to get back to Boston ‘before night.

to full pews, and gentle quiet brooded,
over the city. ;

Like Grandfathers’ Days.

So completely has the active and ulul-
ait motor car changed the mode of life
that its startlingly thorough banishment
metamorphosed the whole app@irance of
things. Youths not too greatly vexed
with imagination had “no difficulty in
fancying what must have been the Man-
hattan of their grandfathers. At a wave
of the Garfield hand, that hand which
has performed such strange magic upon
this community, New York stepped back
into forgotten generations and dozed
softly until awakened by Monday's
clamor. Within the city a motor car on
pleasure bent was a sight as strange as
would have been the glimpse of an Ox- |
cart, and without the gates cars passed ;
{infrequently and with a sort of shamed
furtiveness.

These generalities imply the exact
fact, that New York was at tremendous
pains to save the gasolene that is s0 |
Grgently needed for the activities of sol- |
diers and sailors. The first Sunday of;
observance was a test, a tryout, an edu-
cational experience. Many sinned
(through ignorance or dulness of compre-
hension. . Many more needed to be
@hamed and were obliged. Others had
not had time to adjust their Sunday
go0ings and comings. But a week of re-
flection and explanation worked a mar-
vel Unless the guess made by Commis-
sioner Enright is off the mark, Pa Knick-
erbocker just about went to the head of
the class yesterday.

Four Good Reasons.

The reasons for what seemed to be!

lendidly complete observance on the!
@econd Sunday were simple. In the first
place, the Instinctive desire of the vast
majority of motor car owners to do
@uything possible to help the Govern-
ment was the basis of their self-denial. |
In the second place, shame operated
@ffectively. Many who brazenly drove
out on the first Sunday remembered the
boumiliations that lurked by the wayside
and kept their cars in garage. In the
third place, it was generally known that
the police were going to take the names,
addresses and car numbers of. persons
who had no necessary business in driv-
Ing about and that the magistrates were
going to look for excuses to fine and
gend them to jail. And in the fourth place
the weather was odious—no day even
for a gasolene slacker, But it was gen-
erally recognized that loyalty—the pub- |
lic understanding that gosolene saving
makes for getting the job of beating ths
Germans done quickly—was at the bot-
tom of the city’s fine record.

It was literally true that one could
@tand at Fifth avenue and Forty-second
@treet for fifteen minutes in the middle
of the afternoon and not glimpse & single
ear. Now and again an automobile |
would come along, but it carried a
Goctor’s placard or was used by men in
uniform. Riverside Drive, usually so
congested, was deserted except for a few
pedestrians and an occasional horse
Grawn vehicle.

A policeman on post at 103d street
and the’ Drive counted forty-seven auto-
mobiles between 8 A. M. and 4 P. M.,
and many of these were.occupled by
soldiers and sailors. Like his fellows all
over the city, this policeman stopped all
ears to inquire what business took their
occupants out on a gasiess day. - The
usual reply made by men in uniform was
“official business.’ In such instances
the policemen did not question the hon-
esty of the reply, but names were taken
just the same. A policeman at Grand
street and the Bowery stopped eighteen
cars between 8 A. M. and 2 P. M, but
seven of these were driven by doctors
and one was a taxicab. One could walk
for many blocks in Broadway without
sceing a passenger car or a taxi,

Taxicabs Close Up Shop.

The taxicab companies simply closed
tp shop for the day. An agreement was
entered into by these concerns to go out
of business until this morning, and the
agreement seemed to be kept faithfully,
‘The manager of the Black and White
Company said 251 cars are operated by
that concern and not one was in use.
He estimated that the saving would
amount to between ten and cleven gal-
Jons for every car, a substantial total
which gives a hint of the genera) saving
for the second Sunday. Taxi service,
greatly reduced, was operated from the
Pennsylvania Station, but the cars car-
ried a sign stating that they operated
by permission of the Fuel Administra-
tlon. The stands at the big hotels were
empty. Guests of large hotels walked
er called on horse drawn vehicles

The elimination of the taxi brought in-
creased demands upon subways, elevated
lines and surface cars, and all were
crowded. The Fifth Avenue Coach Com-
pany maintained its usual bus service,
but sent out a notice saying it was sav-
ing 12 per cent. of the gasolene ordl-
viarily used and getting about nine miles
to the gallon.

Outside of the city, along the roads

1

end parkways where motor cars usually ,
observers |
noted a remarkable falling off in traffic. ; been opposed all along to bone ery

'

4 P. M. at the following traffic centres ;

tlow in unbroken streams,

Observations made between & A. M. and

speak for themselves:

ston Post road and East Chester road, 42

Cars.

Tomon Parkway and Bronx Park East.... 52
40)

ston Post road and Williamsbridge road. 19

   

Grand Concourse and Kingsbridge road,.... 67
Grand Concourss and 162d street....... - #
City Island and New Rochelle roads. i}
roadway and 2%6th sireet.......... i oe
eromeé avenue and 20h street..... eabeaacsa Oe

At these points, former Sundays, cars
were uncountable. They came and went
by the thousand. In eight hours ordi-

 

A doctor who neglected to carry a pro-
fessional identification mark was ex-
tremely huffy and said he knew of no
law that could compel him to put a doc-
tor’s sign on his car. The poiice held up
a large touring car, whose passengers
seemed to have no legitimate excuse for
burning gasolene, and held it while a
motion picture man ground out fifty feet
of film which may make the faces of
the passengers familiar to the nation.

Fined for Talking Back.

Magistrate Ten Eyck, in the Morri-
sania police cour’, fined Harry C. Tie-
bout of 980 Sterling place, Brooklyn, $10
for talking back to Policeman Wilkes-
man, as this constituted, in the opinion
of the court, a clear case of disorderly
conduct. When Wilkesman stopped the
car Tiebout complained and told Wiikes-
man to go to a place which wns not the
Morrisania police station. Mr. Tiebout
explained that he was excited and had
lost control over himself. It was then
that he lost control of the $10.

The one automobile accident reported
from Brooklyn was at Vanderbilt avenue
and Fulton street, Brooklyn. A motor
car owned by Henry McKay, Seventy-
third street and Shore road, driven by
Eric Rudolph, knocked down and elightly
injured Andrew Burt, 57, 133 Gates
avenue. In Manhattan Daniel Lewis,
chauffeur of a taxicab, ran over Leopold
Wolff, 63, a street cleaner, at Ninth ave-
nue and Fifty-fifth street, shortly before
Wolff died a:: hour later in Roose-

noon.
velt Hospital. Lewis was arrested and
charged with homicide.

Saturday 400 jitneys were running be-
tween Hempstead, Garden City and
Camp Mills. Yesterday only six ap-
peared and the thousands of visitors to
the camp and nearby aviation fleld
walked to and from stations.

The Merrick road and Jericho turn-
pike had scarcely one hundred cars dur-
ing the entire day. Long Island garages
were closed and gasolene was refused to
five joy riders, who left their stalled cars
by the roadside and went by trolley to
New York and Brooklyn.

Long Beach had scarcely a corporal's
guard in ten hours. Of the 30,000 cars
formerly on Long Island Sunday, yes-
terday saw hardly 200.

Ministers of Long Island are happy.
Several declare larger congregations ap-
peared than in twenty years.

Police officers stationed at prominent
crossroads recorded numbers of all auto-

obiles. Several motoring parties were

mbarded with tomatoes and other soft
missiles.

Thousands Stayed Out Late.

Patrolman William Carroll, on post at
Ocean Parkway and Seabreeze avenue,
Coney Island, counted twenty-one gaso-
lene propelled cars between 10 A. M.
and 6 P. M. yesterday, Four of these
were official United States Army cars,
and the policeman said the others ap-
peared in every case to be carrying for-
eigners, Patrolman Joseph Foran count-
ed sixteen machines at Luna Park, but
thought most of them had been dupll-
cated in Carroll's count.

Capt. Byron Sackett of the Coney
Island station sent to headquarters the
numbers of 1,000 cars that he had ob-
served there after midnight Saturday
night. The owners, he thought, had
merely been careless about getting home
before the midnight hour, but he took the
numbers in accordance with tnstructions,
nevertheless.

Although several of the companies
operating sightseeing buses to Coney
Island announced during the week: that
they would operate Sunday and close up
two other days, no such cars appeared,
the managers apparently not caring to
lay themselves open to censure, and per-
haps prompted in their decision by the
weather.

 

BREWERY WORKERS AROUSED.

Unions Will Fight Order Forcing
Closing of Beer Plants,

An emergency meeting of the execu-
tive board of the International Union of
United Brewery and Soft Drink Work-
ers will be held to-day in Cincinnati to
decide what the brewery workers are
going to do about the putting of the
breweries out of business on December
1, and maybe as early as October 1, ex-
cept In a few instances, Unitedly the
brewery workers are against the clos-
ing down of the brewing business, and
as soon as Samuel Gompers, president
of the American Federation of Labor,
gets back on October 1 from Europe he
will be asked to throw the weight of his
influence into the fight that the unions
think ought to be made against the
closing order.

John Sullivan, local district superin-
tendent of the union, started for Cin-
cinnati last night to attend the emerg-
ency meeting. “We expect Mr, Gomp-
ers to use his {nfluence to prevent the
stoppage of the brewing industry,” he
said. ‘Action also will be taken by
the national untons of the shipbuilders,
the mine workers and other national
and international unions, Their officers
will confer with Mr. Gompers, who has

 

legislation. The immediate future of
our organization will be discussed to-
morrow, but the national unions will
await the return of Mr. Gompers before
they decitie upon a definite plan.”

Killed by Fall From Third Story,

James Davis, 66, of 10 Bethune street,
a watchman, fell down the elevator
shaft from the third floor of the build-
ing at 8 West Twenty-fifth street, where
he was employed, and was killed, yes-
terday. No one saw the man fa)l,

 

4

 

‘

'
,

!

SSS a SS SS

: no package to carry.

Cd

The Rev. Dr.
Straton recently was engaged as pastor
by the Calvary Baptist Church.

Miss Friganza, born Delia. Callaghan,
was estopped at Sixty-ninth street and
Eighteenth avenue, Brooklyn, by Patrol-
man William Finnegan of, the Bath
Beach station, who was following orders
by taking names and license numbers of
gasolene users. The actress pointed to
a placard on the limousine, “I’m going to

work.”

She explained that while she could
have ridden to the theatre on the subway
she was obliged to bring back several
costumes, and as eve: one costume for
Trixle makes quite a package Patrolman
Finnegan saw the force of this argument
at once.

The Rey. Dr. Straton'’s automobile was
noticed In the streets. Like Trixie he
belleved his professional work entitled
him to use his car, though, of course, he

“I made a number of pastoral calls
to-day,” he explained to a reporter for
THE Sun last night. ‘They were im-
portant and would not have been made
if I had not ‘used the machine.”

“How many calls?”

“I won't go into that.”

“But there were several?”

“Yes,”

“As the law reads,” said Dr. Straton,
“doctors and professional men may oper-
ate their machines on these Sundays.”

There isn't any law about it, but no-
body corrected the doctor, who handed
the reporter a copy of his sermon on
“The American Gambling Craze and the
Prostitution of Patriotism by Wagering
on War Savings Stamps," which he had
preached at the morning service.

“I am glad to see that THE SuN has
had the Initiative to dig out after this
story,” he went on. “If THE Sun wants
to take this up, I'll run right along
with you on it.”

Miss Frizganza showed no such symp-
toms of irritation. But then she is used
to the flerce white light of publicity,
distressing to most newcomers.

Y. W. C, A. HOUSE IN CHINATOWN

It Will Be Opened in Response to
Women's Petition.

A Chinese branch of the Y. W. C, A.
for the use of Chtrese women of China-
town is to be opened as soon as the
necessary arrangements can be made
by Mrs. Harry M. Bremer, head of the
department for foreign ‘orn women of
the national board of ' Y% WiooG A
Announcement to that effect was made
yesterday. A site is being selected In
Chinatown's centre and funds to defray
the running expenses have already been
raised by the Chinese of the city.

The decision to open the branch came
as the result of the presentation of a
petition sgned by thirty-nine women of

Chinatown, all of whom were bbrn and |

educated.in this country. Some of the
signatures to the petition were in Chi-
nese characters, The petition said that
while Ch'nese families in New York city
have been conservative with regard to
modern movements for women and that
while many of the women did not speak
English they felt that there was an
opportunity at this time for being of
greater service to their sisters and that
the Y. W. C. A. was the best organiza-
tion through which to conduct the work,

A Chinese secretary will teach the
women English, assist {n problems of
all kinds and the Institution made a
social centre for the women of the
Chinese district.

HAS NEW RADIO CODE CLASS.

Free Course Offered at Stayvesant
Evening Trade School,

The Stuyvesant Evening Trade School
at First avenue and Fifteenth street will
open another class in radio code work
under the direction of the New York
Department of Education. The classes
will begin a week from to-day, but the
school will be open for registration to-
day and all this week.

The course is free and regular at-
tendance is the only condition required.
The classes are intended to give men
of the draft such preliminary training
for entrance into the signal corps as
will enable them to advance more
quickly than the ordinary recruit.

The course will be in two sections,
four and two evenings a week respec-
tively, but Principal T. H. Knox advises
that where possible the four night class
be chosen in order that better satis-
faction and quicker results be obtained.

PREDICTS GERMAN
WILL THANK FOES

Y. M. Cc. A.
ognition of

 

 

orker Sees Rec-
ebt to Allies.

Some day after the war ends some
German may come to America and tell
the descendants of the present genera-
tion that through her defeat by Amer-
ica and her allies a better and freer
Germany arose,

That statement was made to the con-
gfegatfon of the Congregational Church
ot North New York, at 148d street and
Willis avenue, yesterday by Major O, H.
L. Mason, a fleld secretary of the Y.
M. C. A., lately returned from France.

Major Mason had been referring to the
visit a year ago of the Right Hon.
Arthur J. Balfour, former British Pre-
mier, to the tomb of Washington and
his uveciaration that Washington had
not only freed the British colonies from
the tyranny of an oppressive monaren,
but that he had also freed Great Britain
nerself.

“The best of Germany will be saved,”
snid Major Mason, “and of it will come
some one great enough to say to Amer-
ica that her valor, spirit and manhood,
aided by that of other nations, had pre-
verved to the whole world freedom, Iib-
erty and humanity,”

The speaker declared he had become
converted *c the necessity of instituting
reprisals for German atrocities. He sald
the people could believe any stories
they read of German outrages.

Major Mason won his military title 1
the Spanish American war. Among hid
souvenirs was one of the hands from
the small image of the infant Christ
blasted from a statue in the ruined
Rheims Cathedral.

The speaker told of attending the
unveiling of a monument to Mis# Caro-
line Winona Martin, the first American
woman killed in the war,

 

  

i

ase eke

 

the

j and after the war can
‘

cond Liberty bonds into bonds of the
third issue At a higher rate of interest
will end November 9, 1918, according
to an announcement made yesterday by
the Federal Reserve Bank.

Bonds of the first loan bearing inter-
est of 3% per cent. and 4 per cent.
bonds already converted and all bonds
{of the second loan can be turned into
| bonds bearing interest at 4% per cent.
;1f the holder of $1,000 in bonds fails
\to take advantage of this, the announce-
ment points out, he gives up $7.50 in ad-
ditional interest.

“All 34%) and 4 per cent. bonds of the
first Liberty Loan presented for conver-
sion should have the June 16, 1918.
coupon detached,” says the announcer
ment.
attached. All 4 per cent. bonds of the

May 15, 1918, coupon detached. All sub.
sequent coupons must be attached.

“Registered bonds presented for con-
version must be duly assigned to ‘the
Secretary of the Treasury for conver-
sion’ on the form appearing on the backs
of registered bonds. Upon conversion of
registered bonds only registered bonds
will be delivered and no change of own-
ership will be permitted.

“After the expiration of the present
conversion privilege on November 9 the
only Liberty Loan bonds which will have
any privilege of conversion will be the
314 per cent. bonds of the first Liberty
Loan,”

NAVY'S TAPESTRIES
FROM LINERS BURN

Valuable Bric-a-Brac and Oil
Paintings Taken Off Convert-
ed Yachts Feed Fire.

 

 

 

Fire started on the fourth floor of the
naval supply warehouse at 16 and 18
Concord street, Brooklyn, late yesterday
afternoon and swept the three upper
floors, in which valuable tapestries, oil
Paintings and bric-a-brac taken from
converted yachts and big liners, such as
the old Vaterland, had been stored.

The damage was heavy, but neither
navy nor Fire Department offictals
would make any estimate. Fire Marshal
Brophy and Naval Intelligence officers
began an investigation.

Mrs. Clara Boyer, standing
doorway of the Society for Aid of
Friendless Women and Children, next

a a St SSS tsi tpl gpm apibetseeantiocnssneiss

in the

door on Concord street, gave the alarm.
Wisps of smoke floating from a fourth
story window caught her eye. She rang
the fire box in the {nstitution. Frank
Kenny, watchman at the warehouse, was
notified. Thick smoke on the fourth
floor drove him backward.

Three alarms were turned in by the
firemen. The flames had already crept
to the upper floors. The warehouse is a
stone's throw from the Brooklyn Bridge
and haze of the drifting smoke spread
over the entire section. Fireman John
Hess of Truck Company 118 was over-
come on the sixth floor and was carried
to safety by his comrades.
ment he stayed.

Ensign A. I. Wholey, assistant sup-
ply officer at the New York Navy Yard,
a half mile away, quickly reached the
scene, Capt. R. L. Slingluff immedi-
ately placed a detachment of marines
from the navy yard on duty,

It was learned that earlier in the day
a detail of sailors had been sent to the
warehouse from the navy yard to take
away a supply of iron bunks. The three
lower floors contain a considerable quan-
tity of bunks, bedding, chairs and other
furniture used on ships. The sailors left
the building early in the afternoon.

{| Kenny, the watchman, quizzed by the
!Fire Marshal, could give no explanation
of the origin of the blaze.

Policeman John Fuch of the Adams
street station guided twenty women and
children from the Institution next door
to a city garage under the bridge.

The building is valued>at about
$60,000 and was taken over by the Navy
Department a year ago for use as an
overflow supply warehouse. It is an
annex of Buliding No. 3 in the navy
yard, and formerly was the Troy Steam
Laundry. It extends 150 feet.on Liberty
street.

After treat-

 

DEALS DEATH WITH THIRD ACE

Poker Player’s Skull Fractured by
Thwarted Compsnion.

A pair of aces nestled in the hands
of Charles Preiss, 40, of 350 Hamburg
avenue, as the two cent Iimit poker game

 

 

 

 

that was being played in the rear of |

TORRE TSN OTe ATELY A UP RIN TOTEM OSE IR

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9,

“All subsequent coupons must be |

1918.

TELLS HOW 69TH'S

MEN SAVED PARIS;

 

Floyd Gibbons Stirs Carnegie discovered yesterday about dayb
| the surf at North Beach, Seabright, op-
| poeite the beach front estate of George

Hall Audience With
Battle Stories.

‘FRENCH GENERAL QUOTED

“Nothing for Me to Do But
Fight War Out Where New
York Irish Wish.”

 

 

Floyd Gibbons, war correspondent and

his notebook of experiences at the front
last night for the benefit of several thou-
; Gand persons who gathered {n Carnegie

‘Hall to hear the first of his series of

| lectures under the auspices of Selwyn &
Co,

troops and was replete in the little hu-

man high lights that go to make up the; Gallops

romance of war,
A good slice of his narrative was de-

' voted to the gallantry of the thin lines of

; American marines who saved Paris by

| standing firm at Chateau Thierry, and

! the bravery of the old Sixty-ninth Regt-

| ment.

} Thé part that probably pleased hie
hearers most was his repetition of the
historic remark made by a certain
French General when the Sixty-ninth's
man and an Alabama regiment which
fought beside them, refused to fall back
to a position of safety during the fight-
ing before Rheims.

Fall to Budge Americans.

“Wave after wave of picked German
shock troops stormed their position,” sald
Mr. Gibbons, “only to be sent scurrying
back to their holes. Then the Germans
sent low flying airplanes over their lines
to rake them with machine gun fire.
When on the fourth day the Sixty-ninth
and the Alabama regiments falled to
budge from their positions the French
General said:

“Well, I guess there Is nothing for
me to do but to fight the war out where
\the New York Irish want to fight it”

Mr. Gibbons still wore the patch over
his eye and his arm in a sling, but he
gracefully ducked all mention of how
he had been wounded while attempting
to save the life of a Major of marines
during a withering fire at the Foils de
Belleau. The nearest he came tv men-
tioning the subject of his own injuries
was when in praltsing the skilfulness
and kindliness of the American surgeons
he said:

“What do you think of doctors who
can take a battered up man, patch him
together and hand him back his boots
and spurs after ten days in the hospital
and then make it possible for him to get
back to the front ling in a month? T
have personal knowledge of a case just
like that, for I happen to be the man.”

Of the sacrificial spirit of the Amer-
ie*) fighting man the speaker had much
}:. ay. By way of illustration he told of
the trip that he made in an ambulance
to a hospital back of the lines the day
{

 

he was wounded at the Bois de Belleau,
Gibbons had had his wounds dressed at
a first aid station and was riding on the
seat with the driver. Inside the ambu-
lance were four men, one shot through
the lungs and the other three with

splintered bones.

Sacrificial Spirit.

“Every now and then as the car struck
a rut,” he said, “the men with the
splintered bones would wince painfully
and ask the driver to go a little slower.
Then there was a knock at the parti-
jtion separating the driver’s seat from
{tHe body of the ambulance and the
driver got down to see what
Ee
|
}

through the lungs was sitting up with
blood on his lips. He told the driver to
get him to a doctor as quickly as pos-
sible,.and the driver laid the case be-
fore the other occupants of the ambu-
lance in this way:

“ ‘Boys, I have been going as slowly
as possible for your sakes, but this man
needs the attention of a doctor or he
will die. The hosiptal is ten miles away.
If I drive as fast as I ought to it is
going to be painful to you. What shal!
I do about-it?’ To which the other three

men replied:

“Drive ahead and drive I{ke hell!’

The passion of the American soldier
jfor tho collection of souvenirs was
;another subject on which the speaker
touched, One German prisoner, he said,
had summarized the objects for which
}the various allied nations were fighting
jin these words:

 

 

second Liberty Loan should have the| holder of the Croix de Guerre, opened | -

|
|

‘
i

For the benefit of those neighbors who|their book «\r full; that they are help-
gossiped among themselves in Browns-|j,.. leve the ap-
ville yesterday regarding the totally un- bs © relleve the pHEnt of : >
precedented New Year's actions of Isa-|Plicants. Thousands, therefore, have
dore Rubin, 442 Newport street, it may |settled back into a kind of hopeless
be said in justification of Isadore—and | jnertia. If the Lord does not provide

 

was | ceived
The man who had been. shot | Brownville flats who aw

| “The English are fighting ur because |

they hate us; the French because the

|

the undertaking shop of Boldermann &/ war is on French soil, but the Americans |

Bierman, at 225 Hamburg avenue, Will-
iamsburg, swung into its final round of
dealing, Through the earlier stages of
the game aces had been few and far
between in the hands that had been
dealt to Preiss.

“Gimme three,” he sald quietly to
Charles Schoenemann, 68, of 232 Hull
street, who was dealing. Schoenemann
dealt him one card and then swept up
the discards that were strewn about the
table, Preiss picked up the card that had
been dealt him. It was a third ace and
a smile of satisfaction that spread over
his features turned quickly to one of dis-
may when he glanced down at the table
and was unable to find trace of the two
additional cards that should have been
there to complete his hand,

Just what happened then has not been
made entirely clear, but a bottle filled
with embalming fluid whizzed through
the air and struck Schoenemann on the
head. He crumpled up tn his chair and
slipped to the floor unconscious. He died
an hour or so later in Kings County
Hospital, where the surgeons found his
skull had been fractured.

Detectives found Preiss at his home
and placed him under arrest on a charge
of murder, Arraigned before Magistrate
McGuire in Gates avenue court he was
held without bail for further examina-
tion,

COTTAGES AT $6 A MONTH.

Red Crose Builds Town for 100
Belgian Families in France.

One hundred Belgian families will
soon be occupying as many four room
cottages inva village which the Amerti-
can Red Cross ts bullding on a ple-
turesque hillside just outside Le Havre,
according to. reports just received from
Havre by the Atlantic Division of the
American Red Cross,

Every effort is being made to have
the village when complete resemble a bit
of Belgtum transplanted to France,
The village will have paved streets, elec-
tric ight and an up to date water main
system. The population will be selected
from the poorest of the refugees, No
Fs with less than four children will
|

 

 

nee +

get a cottage.

Each cottage will have a garden and
will rent for $6 a month. Tenants who
cannot pay will be taken care of by
some charitable organization, but every
one who gets a cottage will be expected
to work, The rent from the cottages, it
has been figured, will pay the expense
of running the town, There will be two
Belgian schools, with Belgian teachers;
a Belgian priest, Belgian officials and
one of the cooperative stores so popular
in Belgium. The cottages are portable
be shipped to
Belgium,

  

tare fighting because

| souvenirs.”

us they want

sergeant leading three Boche prisoners
jback from the front line trenches.

Dangling from a string over one of the!

sergeant’s shoulders were six German
field glasses, each worth about $30.
Over the other shoulder were hung four
automatic pistols, That sergeant’s name
|was Harry Silverstein.”

The speaker reiterated his warning
against the peace offensive which he eald
Germany was preparing to launch this
fall.. This drive, he asserted, would be
conducted with the object of reaching
the ‘tweak sisters and the Landsdownes
in the United States.” To heed the Teu-
tonic overtures he declared would
amount to a betrayal of the boys at the
front.

 

 

German Superman All Bunk.

“They have the Germans on the run,”
he declared. “They learned after the
first few days in the trenches that all
this talk about the German superman
was bunk. The American soldier has
met the German fighting man in the
fleld and has got his number. The
American soldier's only fear {s that
Peace may be concluded in .the back
yard. He wants a peace by military
decision. Don't stop him; don't impede
him by hanging to his coat taila He
knows he can lick the Boche; let him
do it.”

Tho speaker described Gen, Peyton C.
March, the American Chief of Staff, as
a capable, unassuming man, anxious to
| share all the hardships experienced by
his soldiers, His usual attire, Gibbons
said, was the regular $9 khaki suit
handed out by the commissary depart-
| ment to the enlisted man.
| “I have seen him tn hip boots work-
ing in the trenches,” said the speaker,
“and his stubby beard and the clgar
{n the corner of his mouth reminded one
of the description so frequently given
of Gen, Grant.”

In the audience was a liberal sprink-
ling of soldiers, sailors and marines.
One of the latter—a young man itn his
early 20s—had lost a leg at Chateau
Thierry.

Mr, Gibbons will lecture to-night tn
the Brooklyn Academy of Music,

 

 

 

New Club for Men From France,

The New York War Camp Community
!Seivice, cooperating with. the Fiftn
Avenue Presbyterian Church, opened a
| new service club for enlisted men yes-
terday at 11 West Thirty-seventh street,
with Miss E. H. Miller, formerly man-
sger of the Neighborhood Club for Girls,
in charge. Arrangements have been
made for men arriving from France to
gv from their ship to the club, where
every accommodation will be provided,

’

"IT once saw a diminutive Amertegn] ing the country’s food supply

{

a> SSS

 

 
  
 

| PROVIDES THRILL

His talk was an impressionism of |
life in the trenches with the American !

 

 

—

MINE COMES ASHORE
NEAR LONG BRANCH

Discovered on the North
Beach at Seabright.

 

 

 

OCT. 4 DAY OF WO

 

 

 

A floating mine of foreign type was
reak in

Thousands of Jobs Of-

H. Pancoast. Policeman William Rod-
fered Them.

ney, Jr, who made the find, notified
Mayor Packer, who in turn notified tho
commanding officer at Fort Hancock.
The officer of the day motored to Sea-
Lright and assumed charge, shipping the
eylinder shaped apparatus to the Gov-
ernment proving grounds at Sandy
Hook, =~

The mine weighs around. 200 pounds,
measures e@ix feet in length, with cylin-
drical heads on each end. Several wires
are fastened to one end. The number
524 is registered near the top. y

A thorough Investigation of the mine
will be made to-day by the experts at
Fort Hancock.

 

Relief—Sidewalk Scems
Only. Refuge.

 

 

Pinched between profiteering

 

 

1,

IZZY, IN NIGHTIE,

Howie forward to October
1

Through
Brownsville in Hot Pur- j
suit of Thieves.

to win a promise of relief.

 

Mrs. Isadore—that Isadore was’ able to
keep the engagement he had for last
night.

Isadore responded slowly, !n fact al-
most too slowly, when Mrs, Isadore
plunged her nmple fingers between his
ribs at 7 yesterday morning and shouted {
“Izzy!” with a power that made the} |": ¥ ; : 3
name reverberate through the tenement | patrowed nerves. What to do? as our
canyons, At the moment that Isadore's | fiends, the French say. No man knows.
eyes opened his face was turned twoard
the bedroom window of their first floor
flat, through which the Rubin trousers|Proper chastisement because she com-
were being carefully extracted on the | Prehends the origin of his fall.
end of a sharply hooked fishing pole.

It wasn't so much the “pants” that
impressed themselves swiftly upon the
mind of Isadore. Rather, it was the
Rubin financial resource of $40 that nes-
tled ever so snugly in the left hand
pocket that brought him out of bed and
sent him galloping through the hallway
to the street in a night dress that hesi-
tated and stopped somewhere north of
his knees.

A gentle morning breeze was sweeping
along Newport street In the opposite di-
rection to that taken by Isadore and two
fleeing figures that eeemed impossiole
to increase their lead once Isadore got
to running and thinking deeply of his
trousers and the $40. Exven the police-
man who Isadore and heard the
amazed grunts of the neighbors, awak-
ened by Mrs. Rubin's summons, couldn't
catch up with the fleeing nightshirted
sprinter. Three blocks away from the
Rubin domicile, however, Isadore
pounced upon two men and a pair of
trousers, which subsequently he slipped
on his légs as he turned his captives
over to the policeman and started for the
Brownsville station.

thelr goose is cooked. It is a misery
which affects their dispositions
deleteriously as to convert onfinartly

of violent speech, turnéng to John Bar-

Landlord the Man to Blame,

out of five with the landlord.

a multitude of minds. Before
erats served notice
be raised.

expected.

Kitchin.

a
-

but as much as
per cent.

cent. Some knuckled

of moving day. Others,

< , ah }
Isadore made a complaint of burglary ea using bitter language the
against the prisoners as soon as he fin- But the odium of scrambling New

ished counting the money which the al-
leged burglars hadn't had time to ex-
tract from the pockets of the trousers.
They said they were Benjamin Gotthels,
26, 225 East ‘T'welfth street, and Samuel
Dubin, 22, 127 Clinton street, both Man-
hattan.

When they were arraigned in New
Jersey avenue court later the police told
Magistrate Folwell they had a suspicion
that, thanks to Rubin’s ability as a
sprinter, there will be a-letup in the
number of complaints that have been re-

landlord's shoulders does not end wi
his hunger for cash.

custom, pin tenants, incoming and out-
going, to one day—October 1, the day on
which leases expire and leases begin.

learned, to get into a new apartment he-
fore that date. Therefore the helpless

lares and penates and the man who fs
coming into his place is in equal!

from dwellers in first floor wane
e in the morn- The whole k iel trel
? <8 : ‘Mrcle sim-
ing to find their trous and money xe P makes a vicious circle sim
Tone ply because landiords will not spread
. ' their leases over a period of time sui-
f ch complaints have been

Thirty such comp ficient to convenience tenants. Every-

made to the police in the last few days,
but in more than one instance the com-
plainant had to delay his visit to the
police station until the complainant's
wife rustied up a new pair of trousers
from neighbors whose affluence per-
mitted them the luxury of an extra pair
of those essential garments,

MITCHELL GOES TO FAIR.

body must come and
haste on this evi! October 1, e
Now enters the guiit of the moving
eoncern men,
because circumstances grip them as it
grips the movee. When it comes to the
matter of scarcity of labor their tales
are all the same. All are shorthanded.
All are working with a greatly depleted
force,
can possibly take on and are throwing
business out of the window every day.
But people who must somehow be moved
cannot see why moving rates are so high
John Mitchell, pres'dent of the Stata / even if the scarcity of labor and the high
Food Commission, and the executive! price of beer and the {ncreased cost of
staff will start to-night for Syracuse, | other necessaries are taken into consid-
where they will attend the State Fair, | eration,
which will open to-day. The commis-
son will have its monthly meeting on
the fair grounds to-morrow, Its mem- Take the situation of the man who ap-
bers will have at the fair an exhibit, | plied In time and signed a contract to ba
“Fighting With Food,” setting forth} moved on sch and such a day. He
New York's contribution toward increas-

 

State Food Commission Has Big
Exhibit at Syracuse,

#8 an Hour Is Charge Now.

during | charging $8 an hour, the time beginning
the war. The work of the departments |the instant the van or vans leave their
wll be shown in a series of booths. garages. That is the rate fixed by the
The “Victory Special,” which has been! Van Owners Association and neither
touring the country demonstrating cook- | prayer nor profanity can change it.
ing and canning economy, will be at ‘Tacked to this rate are other Interest-
the fair all the week, ing Uttle charges, such as $2 for packing
a barrel and $1 for packing a box; $1.60
extra for moving a plano and 50 cents
for every flight of stairs the music box

BULL INSURED FOR $25,000.
goes up, and fo on Fstimates have

Brady Takes Gut Life} shown that in the majority of cases the
Policy on Mighty Monarch, citizen who can get his household effects

‘A site: taeupanon’ pulley des 86h 606 bas transported from place to place will be

s {lucky if he gets out for less than $100
been taken out on a pedigreed $75,000 | nor to mention damaged furniture “ a

Holstein bull, Mighty Monarch, Paul T. . i tare i
Brady, “gentleman farmer,” of Patter- | eee disposition that months will not
| F

son, Putnam county, announced yester- Investigation disclosed that shared
, . 8

 

day, Besides, the animal is covered b 5 : F

a fire insurance. y an Aldermanic ordinance regulating”
Mr. Brady, who 1s vice-president of a tae but like 60me other!

the Westinghouse Electric Company, | Ordinances {St conceals a joker, By

law moving rates are fixed in gccord-

tried to insure the bull, said to be the | ance

world’s most costly, for his full value. with the size and capacity of the

but $25,000 was the limit of risk the | Van to be used. lf {t is a motor driven
underwriters would assume. For this | Vehicle, having an inside finor space of

Mr. Brady will have to pay 8 per cent, | 2% least seventy square feet the legal
premium, or $2,000 a year, He has de- | te is $1.75 an hour and the van Is re-
clined to exhibit his prize at several|Guired to move at a speed of not less
cattle shows, as he !9 fearfu) the bull! than elght miles an hour. If it ts a
might be harmed in transit, However, ™otor driven vehicle having an inside
he may show the animal at the Dan-:00r space of at least ninety square
bury fair, to which the bull can walk. | feet tho charge should be $2.50 an hour,
Mighty Monarch’s yearly earning ca- |For the services of every man employed
pacity averages $5,000. !n addition to the driver a charge of 50

decacieaiaienin ae aon) cents an hour additional is permitted
VICTORY PORTENTS IN GRAIN.

Since four men usually are employed on
English

 

a van this would bring the legal charge
up to $4 an hour, With maybe a Iittle

Farmers more for the family pianola

Get Comfort

From Superstition, But the big concerns are dey inding
Spectal Correspondence to Tue Son, $8 an hour and getting it. Th ly by
Lonpon, Aug. 24.—English country |&ht Wwildeat’ movers are «sarging
people are exceedingly superstitious. Au | wnate ae ney Tike and are also getting
example of the extent credibility can go |! aoe nas ro. nothing unusual for
is shown by the present idea of the | Cc to ask $19, $12 and even $14 an
Cumberland farmers, hour, y
Inspecting curlous marks on their} The Joser detected in the ordinance

referred to consists simply in a “special
contract” proviso which states that “the
amount to be charg: d for loading, trans-
porting or transmitting and unloading
of merchandise, household or office

corn-crops they claim that on the in-
sides of the blades of corn the letter
B can be discerned, and in certain fields
of barley the grain bears a V mark,
These country people claim that these

initlals stand for “British victory” ang| furniture or other bulky articles by a
portend an early peace. public carts may be agreed upd in

They claim that curious marks were advance . a Written memorandum
found on the corn in 1855, the last sum-|? be signed by both parties.” That

cute little clause gives the van owners
opportunity to agree upon a rice and to
enforee it by @ contract of mutual agree-
ment,

mer of the Crimean war,

 

Training Classes for Draftees.

War training classes for men tin the
draft will begin September 16 in the
Murray Hill Evening Trade School. Stu-
dents may register this week between 7
and 9:30 P, M. for instruction in ma-
chine shop practice, automobile repair,

Can't Even Store Furniture,

But what about the unfortunate cit!
zen who can't find any concern or any
person to waste his substance on? His
name is legion in Manhattan, Brooklyn

 

gas engine mechanics, alrplane constric-

tion, electrical wiring, wireless and |and The Bronx, ant probabl Wueen

other trades of use in the army. and far Richmowi bis shviehwe disturb
eS

 

land-
lords and profiteering furniture movers
many thousands of New Yorkers are
moving
day, with a sort of dull misery. On
| that day of woe they must get out of
;thefr old apartments or submit to the
avarice of their landlords and on that)

;day they must empty their pockets to
Amazed | satiafy the greed of the moving men.
| Frantic appeals to the storage and van
concerns have failed in many Instances
The moving
; concerns say pretty generally that they
cannot take on any more contracts; that

80

gentle and amiable men into creatures

leycorn, that false friend, to soothe thelr

Many a wife, seeing her lord trickling
home at unlawful hours, refrains from

To begin with, the responsibility for
all of this unhappiness lies in four cases
A sus-
picion, long entertained, that’ landlords
are not human has been confirmed in
the
flowers of June had withered these auto-
that the rent must |
Reasonable increases were
A people calloused by the
blows of adversity were ready to dig
into pockets from which the fishhooks
had long since been extracted by Mr.
But the landlords jumped the
increases shockingly in innumerable in-
stances, not 6 per cent. or 10 per cent.,
5 per cent. and even 40

York's happiness which falis upon the

It
is virtually impossible, as so many have |

householder has nowhere to go with hrs |

Vd) ge
“| Kennedy, a bride of a month, dled al-
| ‘

j Most Instantly, but her husband still wae

1S eee nenencenemanne.

FOR 1918 TENANTS

Moving Men Unable to Handle,

AND CHARGE 88 AN HOUR:

Storage Houses, Full, Offer No

shown In the annexed table:
8A.M...f1 1P.M...62 6 P.M
9ALM...60 2P.M...62 iPM...
10 A. M...60 3P.M...63 SP.M...
11 A.M,..60 4P.M...60 IP. M.
12 M......60 5 P.M...60 10 PLM...
§ 1918. 1917, 1918. 191
9A. M....60 56 6P.M....59 §
| 28 eases 60 BR 9P.M....87 is
3 P. M....62 60 12 Mid *

One case tn point is that of a. man | SU Tees...
who, occupying a four room anuirtment.
was asked to pay $1,000 a year instead
of $720, the increase being about 89 per
under to such}
extortion rather than endure the agonies |
in tremendous ,
numbers, told the landlords to keep their |

His rules, immut-| Victims of Accident Near Arling-
able, it seems, and protected by law and

! Thomas Kennedy, who lived at 215 Wes:

| private hospital in Manhattan.

go in desperate |

Perhaps {t !9 not a)! guilt, |

All have more business than they |

{

found that the big, licensed concerns are |

|

{

!

 

|

|

 

\

\
|

What is the man to do? He }
that he inust get out of his apartrent
by October 1 because somebody « {
coming in. Unless he {s in military
vice and has a lawyer the landlord ca
chuck his belongings upon the sidew uk
Yet he cannot carry a piano more a
a block or two and his wife doe
care to Sicep in the park
Never was a situation in w
losophy was more essential, Nev way
such a demand made upon faith,
Some have solved the problem by : 9
‘fug their woods to a storage hous
a week or a month, moving earl,
month and betaking themselves
hotel. But the storage concer f
relatively little relief The
congested and unable to find space
a canary cage, So many farnil
been broken up by the war, 60 mia
going into the military service |!
to store houselold effects, that there
simply no room for the distressed tiz \s
who doesn't fee! like breaking
furniture with an axe or gis r fe
Moe,
Here and there ! be cases é
| movers will be a to sta ul

the
; the interior of the Atlantic States tem

 

 

| Ninety-first street, Manhattan, instead
of Pittsburg, as was reported jmmedi-
‘ately after the accident oceurred. Mrs

|
|
|
|
|

 

 

 

The Sun Calendar

THE WEATHER.

Eastern New York, fair to-day ex--
cept in southern portion; slightly
warmer in interior; fair to-morrow;
warmer in east and south portions;
moderate northeast to north winds
becoming variable.

For New Jersey, cloudy to-day; rain |
northeast portion; slightly warthor in ia-
terior; fair and warmer to-morrow; mod-
erate to fresh northerly winds to-day, be-
coming variable to-morrow, oh q

For northern New England, rain to-da:.
a, ages wend Probably fresh on the
a ; O-morrow; w ‘
tories, warmer in tho tn

For southern New England, rain to-day
fair and warmer to-morrow on the mai;
| land; northeast to norfh winds, probab)

a over eant portion to-day F f

 

For western New York, fair to-day a

2 ’ -dayani #
to-morrow; cooler to-morrow in weat por-
tion, '
——

WASHINGTON, Sept. &—A vat
disturbance along the Atlanti cous has
caused a continuance of the rhing in tha
Oe eakt and south Atlantic States and their
; extension into New England. In the «
treme Northwest a rapid and decided |;
, Crease in pressure following a morleora:a
| disturbance now over eastern South [a
, Kota and another over northern Utah has
| been attended by a decided fal) in tem
| Derature to much below normal conditions
and by showers in North Dakota, Mont ana,
Wyoming, Idaho, northwest Utah and Co!)
rado. There was another precipitation «°
consequence and in the Iake region,
central valleys, ti Gulf States an
Southwest it is somewhat warmer. The:
will be showers Monday in New Englan.
and on Monday morning near the midd):
Atlantic coast, followed by fair weathe
during the day Elsewhere east of th
Mississipp! River the weather will be gen
erally fair Monday and Tuesday, except |
the upper lake region, where showers are
probable about Monday night. Jt will be
cooler Monday night and Tuesday in the
upper lake region and cooler Tuesday 1

Ohlo Valley and lower lake region

    

’

 

peratures will rise slowly.

 

LOCAL WEATHER RECORDS.

   
  
 

8 A.M 3ar.M

Barometer .. - 30,09 30.05
Humidity ..... 65 8
Wind—direction N.E N.E
Wind—velocity . 7 M7

Weather ....... Rain
14

Precipitation

None
The temperature In this city yesterdo
as recorded by the official thermometer, |

 

dilghest temperature, 63, at 1 .M

Lowest temperature, 66, at 19 P. M.

Average temperature, 60.

Observations yesierday by the United States
Weather Bureau stations showing atmos-
pheric conditions in ¢he various cities:

  

 

mperatiire. Veloc-

figh.Low. Wind. ity. Rain W'the

Atlantic City.. 64 68 N, 14 £74 “Rain
Eastport... eo a Biwi 6 .. Clouds

| Boston. wi S38 ON, 10 06 Rar
Jacksonvill 46 676) «68.E, «» 1.40 Cloudy

Chicago....... 70 68 E +e Clear

St. Louis is 674 «6S. Clear

Minneapolis... s2 a vee 14 Pek
Denver....:.... 78 0 8 10 Oeoude
Williston...... 58 : M4 Clouds
, Charleston... Wa oN. & .66 Cloudy
| Norfoils.... N.W. 140.76 Cloudy

MINI URE ALMANAC.
United States (. + and Geodetic Survey
St: dard Time
6:29 A M Sun eets.,....7:17 PM
Moon rises......10:322 AM
HIGH WATER THIS DAY.
Pesan, Hook..10:47 AM Gov, Island i111 AM
Hell Gate 1343 AM
LOW WATER THIS DAY,

Sandy Hook..4:48 AM Gov, Island 0:04 A M

2 Hell Gate......7:03 A M
Note—The foregoing table had been corrected
to conform to the new ‘artificial time "'

 

TRAIN KILLS BRIDE OF MON TH.

 

ton, N. J., Are Identified,

The man and woman whose automo
‘bile was run down Saturday night at a
|} grade crossing near Arlington, N. J
; turned out yesterday to be Mr. and Mrs

 

alive last night and was removed fron
St. Francis's Hospital, Jersey City, to a

ldentifleation of the couple was mada
by Mrs. Kennedy's brother, Capt. R. T
Smith of the United States Gas Defences
Service. Capt. Smith sald Mr. and Mr:
Kennedy were married four’ weeks ax
at the home in Fittsburg of her mothe ’
who is the wife of the Rev. Walt+
Mason of that city. Mr. Kennedy had
taken an engineering course at Core!
and had come to this elty to take
post-graduate course at Cdlumbia Tr
versity. The accident happened whe
Mr. and Mrs. Kennedy were returnin
to thelr home from a yisit to Mr. an
Mrs, Joseph E. Wylie of Arlington.

WAR INFORMATION CENTRES.

List of 8S Branches, Working With
War Boards, Is Announced,

Pighty-eight mar information cer
tres acting jointly for the Food Admin
istration, the American Red Cross, the
Fuel Administration, the War Commi!
tee of the Bar of New York City and
other war agencies are being announced ;
by a poster in six languages which is ¢
being widely distributed throughout 'h«
immigrant sections of the city m
centres were opened under the ausp)
of the Council of New York City | j
ganizations for War Service, of wh
Mrs. Charles Cary RKainsey ts chatr:

“Tho main purpose in establishing
the centres," saldyMrs. Ramsey,
insure for every ‘neighborhood of
city a place where menu and wornen vw!
sons in the service or men and w
who want to know about Governme: |:
war measures and regulations may

 
 

 

 

 

Sip tits cast

tain simple and accurate answers

their questions When necessary |
are referred to the proper execu

offices of the various war boards

war agencies.”

 

 

the alr at dewy morn and restf

There are thousands of him, t
statement of the moving concern
Felves.

Neither for love (a greatly
ated currency) nor for cash can
anybody to handle his goods. He
to one big concern after another and
gets a stereotyped reply “Very gsorr
but we have closed our Pooks, It \
be {impossible for us to take on
contract,”

  

  
 

fu a few days in
or hallways of the house int
ire going, but such ense

fou All , a the

iuly gloomy