RED CROSS WINS
ITALY’S GRATITUDE

Twenty Million Dollars Total

Expenditure by the End |
of Present Year. '

PROVED U. 8. FRIENDSHIP |

German Propaganda Had Made |
People Doubt Probability
of American Aid.

 

 

The wide scope of the Red Cross work
In Italy, where $20,000,000 will have been '
spent by the end of this year, is shown |
‘in @ statement issued by Henry P. |
Dayison showing the use being made of |
the funds; $7,939,653 had been appro- |
priated to carry on the work in Italy up
to July 1, 1918, but the enlargement of
the programme there has called for an |
additional appropriation this year of |
$12,657,837.

“Figures, how@ver, can give but a
faint idea of the magnitude of the work |
of relief in which the American Red
Cross is engaged in any field, much
less in Italy,” says Mr. Davison, “where |
from the beginning conditions were un-
usual and the labors of the commission
and its assistants were twofold, namely |
affording aid and succor to those in|

distress and bearing the advance mes-
sage of fraternal activities on the part
of the United States to those upon
whom the stress of battle was falling.” |
The Armerican Red Cross has never
been more timely in fts efforts in a new
field than in Italy. The een |
|

|

 

 

was being formed when the Austrian
drive began in 1917 and all Italy was
filled with refugees from invaded dis-
tricts. Workers were immediately sent |
there and began to relieve the situation
with whatever materials were available.
‘The first two men reached Rome No-
vember 6, 1917, when refugees were
aa in from the Italian plains. The
rep®rt continues:

 

 

“They appropriated money to the
American Red Cross Clearing House,
which enabled it*to open two canteens
for refugees at the railroad stations in
Rome four full .days before the first
Italian canteen was opened, Shortly af-
terward the volunteer workers who
manned the canteens—American resi-
dents—received word at*4 o'clock in the
afternoon that 12,000 refugees would
pass through the Portonaccio station on
their way south. The station is six
miles out of Rome and the first train
was due to arrive at 6 o'clock.

Swiftly Care for Refugees.
{
|

“With ut two hours to work, the
canteen attendants got busy. Jumping
into motor cars, they started out. They
bought all the hams and sausages they
could find. They bought chocolate and
cheese and bread and blankets. Piling
them into the!r machines, they made nu-
merous trips to the station. They sliced
bread and ham and cheese,and plled up
thousands of sandwiches. When the first
train, bearing 1,000 refugees, arrived,
they were prepared. Food for adults and
milk for the bables were served. When
the last train pulled out at 9 o'clock the
next morning all of the 12,000 refugees
had been fed and provided with suffi-
cient blankets to keep them warm.

Work Among Soldiers.

“In addition to the refugees, naturally
the American Red Cross workers gave |
@reat attention to the soldiers at the |
front and to their families. Because of |
the German propaganda there had |
grown up a feeling among the fighting |
men that they were not going to receive |
the support of America. It was a part!
of the work of the American Red Cross |
to offset this propaganda, and it was|
done in the most effective way—by ,
deeds, not by words. }

“During the first three months 267,000 |
packages bearing the stamp of the!
American Red Cross and containing |
socks, chocolate, cigarettes and a variety
of useful articles were distributed to the |
men in the trenches. Rolling canteens |
were sent to the front, each canteen
capable of feeding 800 to 1,000 men a
day. Ten were soon in commission.
Canteens and rest rooms were estab-
Ushed at stations along the railroads!
and highways, where the men could find |
rest and food if needed. During these
first three months more than 60,000 sol-
diers were cared for.

 

Ambulances Convince Italians,

“So swift was the German advance
that more than 1009 hospitals imme-
Alately back of the lines and two large
magazines of supplies were destroyed.
The American Red Cross began at once
to assist in supplying the needs thus
created, and 951,000 articles in the way |
of hospital supplies were provided in
aixty days. Ninety-nine ambulances

 

}

 

MARRIED.

IRVING--CORKUM.—On Saturday, Sep- |
tember 7, at Twilight Park, N. Y., by
the Rev. Theodore Sedgewick, Catherine |
Elizabeth Corkum to Emmet W. Irving |

S8OULE—NORTON.--On September 8 at
Easthampton, L. I, Esther King Nor- |
ton to George Henry Soule, corporat in!
the coast artillery and former assistant |
editor of the New Repubile

DIED.

CARPENTER.—Suddenly,, at Haitertve,
Bar Harbor, Sunday morning, Septem-
ber 8 Josephine Evans James, widow
of Miles B. Carpenter

CRAWFORD.--At Hill 220,
France, on August 1,
Lieut, Conrad Crawford,
Forty-seventh Regiment, U er ie.
fantry, youngest son of Sarah M
Crawford and the late Gilbert Holmes
Crawford, killed in action,

“He stands in the sunshine,
work done.”

DONOHOE.—On September 5, Rev. James
Donohoe, Il. D., rector of  gt,!
Thomas Aquinas's Church, Fourth ave-
nue and Ninth street, Brooklyn,

Solemn mass of requiem on Monday, Sep- |
tember 9, at 10 A. M. Divine office at.
9:30 A. M. Reverend clergy and peo-
ple invited. R. I, P.

DOUGHERTY.—On September 6, 1918, at 6
P. M., J. Hampden Dougherty.

Funeral services at the Church of the
Ascension,
street, Monday, September 9, at 2 P, M
Boston and Philadelphia papers please |
copy.

MEBKS.—-On September 5, at Pine Oretiard,
Conn, Sarah A., widow of the late
Albert V. Meeks and mother of Harold
A. Arthur D. and Everett V. Meeks,
in her seventy-sixth year.

Funeral services at the chapel at Green-
wood Cemetery, Brooklyn, N, Y., at 3
P. M. Monday, September 9, Inter-
ment at the convenience of family.

PECK.-—Sunday, at Mount Kisco, N. Y.,,
Julia Blanche Peck, wife of the late
Ernest Hamilton Peck.

Notice of funera! hereafter.

PILE.—Jean, om September 7. Services
“THE FUNERAL CHURCH,” Broad-
way and Sixty-sixth street (Frank E.

pbell’s), Tuesday, 19 A, M

‘ePl CU.—-Osecar, noted orchestra con-

Guctor, Body lying in state “THE

FUNERAL CHURCH,” Broadway and

Sixty-sixth treet (Frank E. Camp-

belle).

 

 

 

 

|

near Sergy, |
1918, Second
Company ®8

with God's

) City;

‘Jr, 621 East 179th street,

| York

Fift® avenue and Tenth! X

 

 

were quickly in commission, manned
with 129 American Red Cross drivers.

“As an illustration of the rapidity
with which these were furnished, it may
be stated that two days after the United
States officially declared war on Austria
there appeared on the streets of Milan
100 young American Red Cross ambu-
lance drivers, each driving hfe own car,
bound for the Italian front. Such swift-
ness in getting into action, the blow fol-
lowing upon the word, caused the great-
est enthusiasm among the Italians, It
was the one thing necessary to convince
Italy that America stood at her side, and
the American Red Cross had furnished
the evidence.”

NESBIT’S PAINTING
1S SOLD FOR $1,00

Mrs. Samuel Hill Buys “Moon-
light?’ and Pays $800 for
Two Others.

 

MANY NEW YORKERS
GET COMMISSIONS

TAKES SEVEN IN ALL

Shown in Stockbridge Art
Exhibition.

 

Young Men From City and
State Graduate From
Artillery School.

Special Despatch to Tar Sox.

LENox, Mass., Sept. 8.—Mrs. Samuel
Hill before starting for
Saturday bought seven paintings by
well known artists which were shown
in the Stockbridge art exhibition.

She paid $1,000 for Robert H. Nes-
bit's “Moonlight,” $400 for Walter L.
Palmer's “Snow and Water," $400 for
Frederic Crowninshield's “Stockbridge in
Maytime” and $100 each for three water
colors of Taormina, in Sicily and one
painted in Naples by Mr. Crowninshield.

Miss Emily Tuckerman bought Mr.
Crowninshield’s ‘Villa Borghese” for
$100, Nathaniel Holmes bought Thomas

Washington

 

Among those who have been grad-
uated from the Field Artillery Central
Officers Training Camp at Camp Zach-
ary Taylor, Kentucky, with recommenda-
tion as eligible for appointment as Sec-
oud Lieutenant, Field Artillery, are the
following from New York, New Jersey
and Connecticut:

Charlies Harrieon Abramson, Bayonne; Ed-

the Visitors Acquire Works
|
|
|

ward BE. Aiken, Jr. New Haven; Edward N,j| Shields Clarke's “An Appeal for,

Allen, Hartford; Harry M. Allen, Sergeants-| Venice” for $150 and Mrs. B. K. Stevens

we: N. J.; Joseph . Arena at poe took Mr. Crowninshield’s “Autumn in
omas W. Arundel, Jr. hast range; Jo the Richmond Valley.”

South Oranees Francis’. Buiway, syra:| Mr. and Mrs Raymond T. Baker are

cuse; Clinton S. Berrian, Plainfield; Eugene |expected at Holmwood to-morrow from
Beyer, Atlantic City; David E. Blair,; Atlantic City. Secretary of the Treas-

Boucher, 1144 Eighty-
fourth street, Brooklyn; George F. Bruai-
thwaite, 79 East 130th street, New York city.

Fred A. Briegs, Perth Amboy; Charles 8.

Staatsburg; Henry N. ury McAdoo, who has been making an

inspection of the Boston and Maine

Railroad, telegraphed to-day to ascer-

Brisk, 640 Riverside Drive, New York; Ed-j tain #f they were at home, and changed

ward P. Broedel, Red Bank; William Crerhis route when he learned the Bakers

Frows, Rewark: folins e Bryant, Nhe were In Atlantic City.

enn L. Buck, Ithaca; William R, - ov

Buell, Norwich, N. Y.; Alan E. Burne, we = Van Gn a, unas

Madison, N. J.; Donald Campbell, 974 Fifty-; *¥. FP. Srown, Jr, Mr, an . ©. Cc,

fourth street, Brooklyn; Ernest J. Carter,| Wheeler of New York, Mr. and Mrs. P.
D, Kneeland of Boston, Mr. and Mrs.

Canisteo, N. Y.; Lioyd Ww. Catlin, Warsaw,
N. Y.; Joseph I. Chambers, 705 West 180th/(raham Wood and Mr. and Mrs. Ira

Sood: nts Roe yons “Hone enw: Vaughan of Philadelphia are at the Red
Gerald P. Clute, Cohoes, N. Y¥.; Henry C.| Lion Inn, Stockbridge.

Collins, Trenton; William J. Conway, King-
ston; George T. Cornell, New Haven; Fred-
erick R. Crane, 84 Prospect place, Brooklyn;
Wi. ‘am C, Crittenden, Milford, N. J.; Abe.
G. Cugell, New Haven.

Mrs. Willlam Marshall is going this
week to Louisville, where she is the
chairman of the woman's committee of
the fourth Liberty Loan campaign.

Mr. and Mrs. F. Stanley Dell of New
York will arrive soon at the Purinton
Inn for the late autumn season in
Stockbridge.

Charles Lummis, Jr., of New York
has joined his parents at the Maple-
wood in Pittsfield.

New Jersey Men Get Commissions,

Edward H. Day, East Orange; Thomes C
Dee, 189 Marcy avenue, Brooklyn: Philip H.
Dolson, Orange; Harry L. Drescher, 684 St.
Marks avenue, Brooklyn: James F. Driscoll,
Ithaca; Walter R. Edmonds, Lyons, N. Y.;
Walter H,. Ellert, 410 Jefferson avenue, Brook-
lyn, Walter G. Erb, Leonia, N. J.; Frederick
C, Eveleth, Windsor Locks, Conn.; Edward
C, Fake, Rutherford; Paul J. Farley, Atlantic
City; Thomas ¢€. Fetherston, Watchung,

 

 

———

z = Joan Dy: Ppeoeat were: ane Many Vacationists Return to Pass
. isher, New runswick ; ymon . " ‘
Fowler, Buffalo; Lioyd J. Friday, Schenec- Fall in White Plains.
ek Rein en) 192 ae ayaa

n; vill ‘ e, 73 West
atreet, New York: Emil A. Gallman, Pater-| Hotel, White Plains, {s assembling and

the last few days have brought many

son; Fred C. Geils, East Orange; Clayton E,
¥.; from mountains and seashore. Dr. and

Gifford, Johnsonville, N. -i. Edward J.
Gilhooly, Newark; Lbhouis H. Caer
Orange; Alfred A. Gillette. Rome, N. Y.;
Ear! W. Goodell, 425 West End avenue, New
York; George B, Granger, Rockville Centre,
N. Y.; Lester B, Granger, Newark; Luther
P. Graves, Buffalo.

hotel after a stay at Lake Placid: Mr
and Mrs, A. J. Lucas and Mr, and Mrs.
A. B. Wharton from Spring Lake, N. J.;
Mr. and Mrs. E. Queen and Mr. and Mrs.

Henry W. Griffith, Palmyra; John V.] 4. Yr p47). : 9
Haidler, $11 Eagle avenue, New York; Al-| ©: W. Kellar from Dixville Notch, N. H.
bert J. Hastings, Westfield. N. J.; Clifford Other arrivals for the fall include Mr.
L. Hawkins, Brookhaven, N. Y.; Philip L.j and Mrs. F. W. Woerz and Miss Woerz,
Hazard, 617 West 115th street, New York:

Manhattan; Mr. and Mrs, George Ken-
yon and family, Brooklyn; Mr. and Mrs.
Otto Loesch and Mr, and Mrs. Edward
J. Kelly, Manhattan.

Lieut. and Mrs, Ziegler, who have just
returned from France, are at Gedney for
September. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Gavin
are here for a few days.

NO MOTORS AT BRIARCLIFF.

Yisttors at Lodge Strictly Observe
“Gasless” Day.

George W. Hazlett, Lynbrook, N. Y./ Allen
Vv. H. Heely, Plainfield; Carl E. Hemmann,
Wethersfield, Conn.; John C. Henderson,
South Orange; Raymond T. J. Higgins, Nor-
wich, Conn,; Edward G. Hoch, Jersey City:
Carl F. Hofer, New Britain, Conn.; Arthur
L. Hoffman, Elmira; J. Bertram Howell,
New HKrunswick; Kenneth G. Huber, Roch-
ester; Robert V. Hyland, Penn Yan, N. Y.

Up-State Men in List.

John d'A. Irwin, Skaneateles, N. Y.: Will-
jam L. P. Jackson, Middletown, Conn.; Mil-
ton Jaret, 1%7 Etghty-fifth street, Brooklyn;
William €. Jobnson, East Orange; Morgan
N. Johnston, Cooperstown; George E. Jones,
Hackensack: Oswald R. Jones, Waterbury,

 

 

“Gasless’ day was observed to the

Conn.; Berthold L. Katten. Hartford; John , , ,
S. Kelly, Buffalo: ‘Joseph F. Kiely. 496 Put: | letter, yesterday i i Al I
nam avenue, Brooklyn; Benjgmin F. Knapp, Cc wage, riarc Manor, not only

by guests living in the hotel, but also
by those usually arriving for Sunday

Albany; William J. Kuhrt, Forestville, N. Y.;
Carlos Lazo, 33 West Filty-first street, New

GEDNEY FARMS COLONY GROWS,

eral friends to the Pines for luncheon,
and Mr. and Mrs. Richard P. Tinsley of
New York went to Elmhurst Farm for
an old Vinginia dinner. William 4.
Sturgis and Mrs. William Whiteright
Watson drove to Allegheny.

Cherry log fires in the golf club at-
tracted many parties there at the tea
hour, and Mra. H, M. Withere, who was
joined to-day by her son, Plerce With-
ers, U. 8. A., gave a tea for eighteen
frfends in honor of her daughter, Mrs.
Laurence Armour. Mra, Oscar L.
Richard had several friends there for
| ten, and Mrs. De Witt Talmage enter-
|; tained at luncheon.

Arriving at the Greenbrier fram New
York were Mr. and Mrs. William Church
Osborn, who will remain through Sep-
}tember. John Herndon French, Jr.,
| Joined his family after a summer of
military training. Mr. and Mra. Roger
| Bainber of New York awe stopping with
Mrs. Chauncey Marshall at her cottage
in South Carolina.
| The Rev. Outerbridge Horsey is here
to take the cure. Mrs. Irving McKes-
son and Miss Mary McKesson and Mr.
and Mrs. Harry HK. Hollins, Jr, are
among other New York arrivals.

JUSTICE HOLMES MAY SPEAK.

Beverly, Masn., to Celebrate 260th
Anniversary of Incorporation,

| Special Despatch to Tue Sux.

Boston, Sept. 8.—Justice Oliver Wen-
| dell Holmes of the United States Su-
/preme Court, who is summering at
Beverly, has been invited to speak at
the 250th anniversary of the incorpora-
tion of Beverly as a t6wn. Other speak-
ers will include Augustus Peabody Lor-
| ing, George Edward Woodbury and Rob-
ert 8. Rantoul.

Fourteen young girls of the North
_ Shore took part last night in tableaux
;on the estate of Miss Katherine Silsbee
|at Beverly Cove, The committee in
‘charge included Mra John Caswell,
; Charles Hopkinson and Arthur Little.
|Mrs. Robert Means, Mrs, Grafton W.
| Minot, Mrs. Richard R. Peabody, Mrs.
| Edward Tickman and Mrs. George Put-

nam were in charge of the entertain-
‘ment.

 

 

 

 

 

CROWD AT ATLANTIC CITY.

Motorists Discard Cars and Use
Trains in Large Numbers.

Special Despatch to Tum Suv.

ATLANTIC Crry, Sept. &8.—The second
“gasless"” Sunday brought a big crowd to
the resort. Motorists who interned thelr
cars for the day took the trains to the
resort as a substitute for their usual
Sunday runs and the big hotels ran to
!capacity, Three Hundred soldiers fron
Camp Dix came here on a special traii:
| ana wele guests of the city for the div
An interesting party in the subma-
rine grill of the Traymore last night ii-
| cluded Roy Baker, director of the United
States Mint, and Mrs. Baker, who «re
here visiting Mrs. Baker's mother, Mrs.
Charles H. Bashor. The last time Mr
and Mrs. Baker were at the Traymore
tney wete on their wedding tour. Mrs.

 

 

 

The autumn colony at Gedney Farms| Baker before her marriage was Mrs. | treasures of Furope.

Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt.
New York arrivals to-day included
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Henderson and

Mrs. A. 8. Fedde have arrived at the| Miss Florence Henderson, at the Shel-! his Taanuscripts, travelling on mules far

burne; Mrs, Wiillam Catherwood at the
Dennis, Mr. and Mrs. J.
at the Alamac, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Chalmers at the Chelsea, Miss Pauline
Plaine at the Breakers, Dr. H. C. Regis-
ter at the St. Charles, Charles An-
struther at the Bothwell, Mrs, William
W. Myers at the Berkshire Inn, Mr. and
Mrs. E. W. Emerson at the Marl-
borough-Blenhe!m, Mra, W. J. Wallace
at the Wiltshire, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar T.
| Hepburn at the Loraine, Mr. and Mrs.
R. C. Washburn at the Traymore, Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene Phelps at the Phillips
House and Mr. and Mrs. C. P. La-
monte at the Touraine.

 

 

|
BISHOP AT BRETTON WOODS.

lene Right Rev. Udward M. Parker

Te New Guest There.
BRETTON Woops, Sept. &.— The
| Right Rev. Edward M_ Parker, Bishop

of the New Hampshire diocese. has ar-

 

York; Gillet Lefferts, 122 East EFighty-second ; e |rived at the Mount Pleasant House to
street, ar York; Christen B Lewis, At- ped as not a motor car regched the join Canon MoGrath. Mr. and Mra. H
lantic City; George wis, 537 hauncey | + . ¢ Flushing ave ies ‘
street, Brooklyn; Perey R. Logue, Elmira; Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey M. patel & a ee ae . H nays ue a
Udell S. Losey, Fairport, N. : Robert J.| have arrived from Lenox for their usual4 the Moun leasan ouse by automo-
Lowengrund, 1306 Madison avenue, New York; autumn stay at the Lodge. Other ar- | Dile. Mrs. Alice Burrows and family,
Ross A. MacMullen, 238 Fenimore street, ; ae a : New York, are at the Mount Pleasant.
Brooklyn: John P. J. McCabe. 182A Patchen|Tivals include Mrs. Charles D. Sabin Mrs. W. H. Coler, Miss Elisabeth
avenue, Brooklyn; Walter J. McCabe, Grove-|and Miss Elizabeth Sabin, New York:',* tt . Dwi h M ‘H G
ville, N. J.; Charles McDonough, Orange: Dr. and Mrs, Gustav Seligman, from Owen, mae as BPE es AES aera
Hugh B, M. McGuire, Locust Valley, N. Y.; Fanning, Mrs. J. Aldrich, E. B.

the Waubeek; Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson
Scott, from Spring Lake; Mr. and Mrs.
F. W. Anness, from the Adirondacks;
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Taylor, from Lake

Daniel F. McMahon, New York Athletic
Club, New York; Francis A. A. Mack, Syra-
cuse; Nelson B. Mead, Jr., Greenwich, Conn.;
Hoard R. Medici, 6 West 10% street. New

York; Bergen 8. Merrill, Rahway; Frank M. a
Meyerend, New Brunswick; Arthur Miller, Placid; Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Orth,

Dolgeville, N. ¥.; Leigh D. Minor, Bristol, | from Loon Lake; Mr. and Mrs. Dan J.
Conn.; Douglas C. Mittelsdorf, South} |.eary, from New London; Mr. and Mrs.
Orange: Paul S. Moller, & Moffat street.) \valter J. Morgan, from Manchester ;

Brooklyn; Allen E. Moore, Albany. d Mr. and Mrs. H rley
Morgan G. Morgan, 60 Broadway, New Meritt Washington sh GOP FeeD
York; John T. Morrisey. Elmira; George F, | * Mr, and Mre Henry I Joyce. A

Mosher, Northville, N. Y.; August F. Muller,
Jersey City; Frederick G. Mundinger, Dolge- | Mackenzie and J. A. Ruse of New York
ville, NY janie Herma, ‘Trenton; Donald were at the Lodge for over Sunday. Mr.
. Nightingale, 7 ‘est End avenue, New mites

York; Harold A. O'Connell], Buffalo: Hugh and Mrs. T. H. Mastin and family of
S. V. Palmer, Irvington, N. J.; Albert I.

Parker, Jersey City; Jules L. Paridaens, New| ber, as have also Mr. and Mrs, Henry

Haven; Herbert R. Peebles, Midland Park,|S§, Grove Philadelphia; Mrs. Charles
N. J.; Lovell H. Pelletreau, 234 Lincoln road, ' y¢ At *hic, Ae eet a
Brooklyn; Gustave G. Penrod, 46 East Thirty- M. Hewitt, Chicago; Miss Charlotte

fourth street, New_York; Perey W. Phillipa, | Smith, Detroit; Mr. and Mrs. Samuel J.

Southampton, N. Y.: Roy J. Polk, Welle , Carr, Baltimore; Mrs. A. M. Barnhart
ville, N, Y.; Ross McK. Preston, Amenia, and Mrs M, Lazell, Chicago; Mr. and

N. Y.; Valentine K.

Raymond, 14 Berkeley
place, Brooklyn,

Mrs. Andrew A. Fraser, Mr. and Mrs.
John Ballott, Mrs. Phoebe
and Mr. and Mrs. William H. Hall, all
of New York city.

BRYAN SPEAKS IN HOT SPRINGS

Many Hrooklyn Men Named,

Idoyd F, Regendah!, Kingston; Gerard T.
Remsen, 34 Sidney place. Brooklyn; Paul D
Renting, Westfield, N. Y.; Borman W. Rey-

 

back, 234 West 135th etreet, New York:
Hens A Sey ROlas, Rome, N. Y.; William nest :

ockteliow, Orange; Leo M. Rogers,| Uren Auditors to Suppo -
Paterson; Theodore C_ Rogers, Binghamton: epert Goevers

James W. Roraback, Torrington, Conn.; John

ment in Everything,
Mal, Ross, New Haven; Harold R. Russell, |

  

ion, N. ¥.: John A. Sanford, Warwick’ | Special Despatch to Tuer Suv.
N. Y.; Cornelius B, Savage, 144) Undercliffe Ifor Sprinos, Va, Sept. 8.—wWillls
avenue, New York; William H. Schofield : pt, §.—Willlam

 

Bloom field ; a Schwar oe Oo |vennings Bryan arrived here yesterday
land avenue, Staten Toland: Pati Sweet: |from St. Louls and joined Mrs. Bryan
New York; Jurnata} Who has been taking the cure.

jturned to the Missouri metropolis to-
, 3.; Ken-|night. He spoke to an impromptu gath-
Eighty-firet ering of about 300 persons yesterday in

Senecs y ot
Sheten™ ibon neat |the Liberty Theatre

H. Scott, New London

Walter J. Scott, Collingswood, N. J
neth M. Seggerman, 302 West
street, New York: Henry J
town, N. Y.; Wilson M

fam G. T. Shedd, W8 East Thirty-eighth suffrage
street, New York; Robert P. Shelton. Bridge. |. le Sa :
port; Max Sherman, 1618 Fifty fourth ame j implicit support to everything the Gov-
Brooklyn; Ralph RK. Shultis, Kingston: |emmment demanded of them to make
Arthur G, Smith, 17 Prospect Park West,| possible a permanent peace through vic-
;,;tory. Mrs, Bryan js remaining here and

brooklyn; Gordon S. Smith, Bayport. N. ¥
Markwick K. Smith, Hamilton, N. ¥.; Nor-i yr, Bryan will join her later for a
short stay.

man D, Smith, Summit; Willard O. Smith,
Lieut.

East Orange; William EK. Speérs, Montclair:
zien i gation Syenhie, New Yor : '
tugene HB, Sullivan, 810 | nere place, New| High Commission, who made a wonder-

ork; Frederick D. Suyd ) o| . *

ice Swerdiove, 1384 Proapen ‘avenue aie: im en pg ven in cor -
}audience of negroes on the part that
France has played in the war.

H. W, McAtier, George Zeller and Miss
Florence Zeller of New York have ar-
rived here, having made the run by
motor car from Washington in a single
day, one of the records of the summer.

Miss Reine Davis and her sister, Miss
Ethel Davis, are here from New York for
the cure,

Major Jerome Tonjan of the French
army was the guest at luncheon to-day
of Mr. and Mrs. A. M. MoCrea,

CHURCHES ATTRACT: MANY,

White Sulphur Springs Visitors
Tarn Ont in Good Nambers,

Special Despatch to Tax Sex.
Wuire SuLpHUR Sprinas, W. Va.,
Sept. 8.—White Sulphur churches at-

He urged his hearers to give

  

  
 

John A. Taltavall, East Orange;
Tanhbam, TPlainfleld; Brenton TT, lor,
Hartford, N, Y¥.; Frank L. Thomas, Ham-
monton, N, J.; Ralph W. Thomson, Middle-
bush, N, J.; Thomas F. Tomijnes, Syracuse ;
Edward A Toomey, 13 Irving place, Brook:
lyn; Joseph H. Weber, Atlantic City; Eugene
R. Weinberg, Morris Plains, N. J.; Frederick
Weisbrod, Jr., 379 Washington avenue, Brook-
lyn; Carroll E, Welch, untington, N, Y.;
George W. Weaton, 102 East 128th street’ |
New York; Horace J. Weymer, Woodhaven,

Y.; John J. Whelan, 1861 Pifty-eighth
street, Brooklyn; Harry J. Williams, New
Haven; Richard E. Wiiliams, Mount Vernon,
N. ¥.; Wallace H. Wolcott, Utica; Walter
M. Wyman, Upper Montclair; Wallace 8.
Young, Bayonne,

Frank

 

 

GOES TO DIX FOR 6 MONTHS.

Montclair Pastor to Be Reltgious'
War Director,
|

The Rey. Dr. Thomas R. Thoburn,
pastor of the First Methodist Church of
Montclair, has received a six months
leave of absence to engage in Y. M. C.
A. work at Camp Dix. This ts in re-
sponse to a call from the War Work
Council of the Y. M. C. A. asking the
church to release its pastor.

Dr, Thoburn will become religious
work director at Camp Dix, where there
are more than 60,000 men most of the
time, Last spring Dr. Thoburn served
ae religious director at Camp Greene,
North Carolina.

morning services, Mountain  surreys
and stage coaches conveyed the visitors
to the village houses of worship. The
Rev. I, 8. McElroy, &Sr., officiated in the
Presbyterian Church, where his son, the
Rev. I. 8 McElroy, Jr., was installed
recently, The latter and his bride, who
was Miss Alice Wilson, have taken up
their home at White Sulphur Springs.
In spite of the cold day in the moun-
tains many driving parties were out.
Mr, and Mrs. Michael Gavin took sey-

‘ ries Tilia acas 14d 4 a
4° BN COREE OPO PONG RT Eee LT

Kansas City have arrived for Septem- |

McConihe |

He re-,

here on various,
N, Y¥.: Alexander P. Shanks, Newark; Wi!], | subjects ranging from the war to woman |

de Wierzbick of the French!

tracted large congregations at to-day’s |

 

| Benjamin, Mrs. E. B. Valentine and the
| Misses Valentine, Miss Helen C. Bangs
(and Miss Margery Westcott of New
York are among the guests at the Pro-
file House. Charles T. William and
Henry Aldrich of Providence are there
for a short stay on a motor tour
| Mr. and Mrs, B. W. Gage and party,
' Brooklyn, arrived at the Mount Wash-
'ington for the week end. Mr. and Mra
| R. <<. Hudson, who motored from Buf-
| falo, Mr. and Mra. E. Albert Carr and
| Miss Virginia, Carr, Providence, passed
the week end at the Mount Washing-
ton en route to Montreal,
| Arriving here also were Major Sut-
S. A., Frederic Fish and Mrs. E.
|W. Fish of Boston, who motored. At
‘the Mount Pleasant were Mrs. D. A.
| Thompson and Miss M. Thompson, Mrs.
Edwin Bees and party, New York, and
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Lackhart of
Boston.

j ton, U

\

MEMORIAL TO MISS MARTIN.

Rockville Centre Honors § First
American Woman War Victim,

 

A simple bronze tablet’ erected as a
memorial to Miss Winona Caroline Mar-
tin, believed to have been the first Amer-
ican woman killed on war service in
France, was dedicated with impressive
services yesterday in the Rockville Cen-
tre, L, I., Public Library, where Miss
Martin had been librarian nine years.
Miss Martin was ill in the Claude Ber-
nard Hospital in Paris and was killed
March 11 when a bomb dropped by Ger-
man aviators struck the hospital.
| Miss Martin resigned at the library to
go to France to do canteen work for the
Young Men's Christian Association and
was taken {1) just after her arrival. The
; tablet will be placed on the wall of the
| library building. It contains a portrait
of Miss Martin and the following in-
scription:
| “In memory of Miss Winona Caroline
| Martin, librarian of the Rockville Centre

i
|
|

|

| TAbrary from 1909 to 1918; killed during |
}a German air raid on Paris, March 11, |
tn the Claude Bernard Hospital, |

| 1918,
| where she had been detained by illness
| while on her way to the battle front to
‘gerve as a canteen worker for the Young
{Men's Christian Association with the
! American Expeditionary Forces in the
| Great War.”

Dr, F. T, Delano, chairman of the me-
morial committee, presided. The tablet
was unveiled by Mrs. Earl J. Bennett,

 

 

MRS, RUSSELL SAGE IS 90.
Celebrates Anniversnry at Her
Country Home at Lawrence.
Special Despatch to Tar Srv

Lawrence, L. 1., Sept. §.—Mrs. Rus-
sell Sage celebrated her ninetieth birth-
day anniversary in her country home at
Lawrence Beach to-day, Mrs. Sage stil]
takes an active interest in her
charities.

Since the death of her husband Mrs.
Sage has been living quietly at Law-

 

rence during the summers and at her}

town house, 604 Fifth avenue, Manhat-
tan, winters. She is greatly interested
in the Sage Memorial Presbyterian
Church of Lawrence, of which the Rey.
J. Milton Thompson is rector, Mrs,
Sage is visited only by her most int!-

W. Morrison |

many |

ee

 

HELEN GATES WEDS |RED CROSS MAKES —
GRANVILLE BARKER| HEADWAY IN JAPAN

Former Wife of Archer M.| President of the Organization
| Huntington Becomes Bride | ‘Tells of Difficulties That
| of Noted Dramatist. ' Had to Be Overcome.

$12,500,000

 

IT NOW HAS

 

|
BOTH WERE nivoner|
1 ¥ ) eel Rahs! '
All Parties to Marital Mixup)| Baron Ishiguro Thinks Mercy
Well Known in Stage and Institution Greatest Factor
Literary Circles. for Humanity.

 

 

Word was received here yesterday of
the marriage August 31 in London of,in Tokio has obtained an interview
Granville Barker, the English dramatist! with Baron Ishiguro, president of the
and manager, and Helen Gates, formerly} Japanese Red Cross, in which he out-
the wife of Archer M. Huntington, | lines the genesis of the soctety, its
geographer and book collector. Mra. | growth to its present large proportions
Huntington got a divorce in Paris early | and the work the organization has done

this year, a few months after the divorce | in the present world war. The interview, |

jof Mr. Barker and his wife, Lillah Mc-/'in the form of a atgned statement, fol-
‘Carthy, who was the leading woman of’ lows:

j his company when he gave hie first plays By BARON TADANORI ISHIGURO.
rae ; * hat the Bunt Tokio, Aug. 10.—Japan was once
was not known here that the Hunt-/ | oioa ug heathen country! She was,

aaa Bia ree thes Sen tai ae as she did not know what Christianity
| par CUM RY) WHET Chey He ey ee meant nor did she understand what the

eee time, it having been suppdsed by Red Cross signifies. She got eadly

ie save a few friends that they he tangled at the very beginning of the Red
[happy together. Mra. Barker was tlie! Gross movement in her confines and

daughter of Isaac E. Gates, an executor

 

 

; when she began to use the world familiar
z 7 nn of dh a aa aie cross as the emblem of the most humanit-
Mr. untington’s foster father. ey
were married in London in 1895. They tarian organization in the world.

We therefore had much difficulty when
we started out to lay the foundation of
our society, which now has nearly 2,000,-
000 members in the small space of our

{sland empire, and which has accumu-
lated more than 25,000,000 yen ($12,-
500,000) as its fixed funds.

It has taken many years and a great
deal of labor to bring the soclety to its
present stage of perfection and large
growth, but of course no comparison can
be made with the gigantic American Red
Cross any more than the size of Japan
may be compared to that of the United
States. It is an astounding thing that

had no children,

Even as Mr. Huntington !s one of
the best known literary collectore in ‘he
world, having the finest private library
of Spanish literature, and Mr. Barker is
one of the noteworthy of the younger
English dramatists, Mrs. Barker is her-
self a writer of some pretensions, hav-
ing published both fiction and poems
under the name of Helen Huntington.

Her first volume, “The Solitary Path,”
was printed in 1892, and since then she
has written “The Days That Pass,” ‘The
| Sovereign Good," “From the Cup of
Silence,” “An Apprentice to Truth,”
“The Moon Lady,” “Folk Songs from the
Spanish” and “Marsh Lights.” The last

two were edited by her. than 200,000,000 yen ($100,000,000) in

one week, an amount of money that once
filled Japan with great delight when we
received it as our indemnity from China
after the late war with her.

And furthermore the Amertcan Red
Cross has enrolled within an incredibly
short time the vast aggregate of 25,000,-
000 members!

These things seem to us Iike dreams!

Helped Ransack Spain.

Mrs, Barker, when she was married
{to Mr. Huntington, accompanied him
ae many of his trips abroad, which were
made almost yearly for the purpose of
buying some choice and ancient edition
tof Spanish literature, or in delving more
|widely into the literary and artistic
Tells of His Lecture Tour.

As I have mentioned above, it was @
difficult task to bring home
Japanese people the difference between
Christianity and the Red Cross. With
my wife I started on a lecture tour, tak-

Many of these trips were ;omantic
in the extreme, ae Mr. Huntington went
far from the beaten paths in search of

 
 

into the interior of old Spain to a
crumbling castle or monastery. On one
of these trips to Spain the insignia of
Marie Luise, the highest order con-
ferred on women in Spain, was presented
to Mrs. Huntington, and King Alfonso

elled all over Japan from place to place
for two years, showing my slides and
telling the people about the Red Cross,
its mission and its principles In this

ducted "them" through the. palace vac | NAY {8 Aoclely slowly got to be known,
: and it has d through a long hi t;
Madrid to afford Mr. Huntington the aay nates Fone Oe, aetaly

opportunity of studying the collection of
arms,

They were returning from abroad in
August, 1914, when they were seized as
spies in Nuremberg by the Germans.
Their car was commandeered, and Mr.
and Mrs. Huntington were searched in
a way that roused their indignation. It
was not until after strenuous efforts
were made by the State Department and
officers of the American Geographical
|Soclety, of which Mr. Huntington was
|President, that they were finally per-
j mitted to leave the country.

The society has since been recognized
and sanctioned by the Geneva conven-
tion, and it has become one of the great
societies of the civilized world. It has

ing our troubles with China, during our

fought by us as Belgium has valiantly
struggled against Germany; during the
Hoxer uprising, and of late at Tsingtao,
where we fought the foe of the world tn
common with our allies

But recently the Japanese Red Cross
Society has sent a relief unit consisting

il. Granville Barker has been one of! of 106 members, doctors, nurses, &c, to
the leading figures jn the development! Russia
(of the modern drama in England and in T am more than
{the modern interpretation of the Ceaae tarte cooperate with
dramas
‘ties to see his work both as producer|there, as I am of the firm opinion that
{and dramatist and apparently found it}a real friendship between the two na-
; good, for when he produced the Greek} tions can far better be made by indl-
j plays in the Lewisohn Stadium last year, | viduals than it can by Governments and
jlooked upon at the best as a doubtful!the diplomats of each country.
jexperiment in popularity, the gate re- It is no exaggeration to say that the
;ceipts were sufficient to make the suc-|two organizations are the most effictent
!cess financial as well as artistic, of any in the world, also that they are
| the greateset where hurnane work ts con-
| Played With Ben Greet. ' cerned
| He was born {jn 1877 in London, where In State of Preparedneas,
;his mother, Mrs, Albert Barker, was a
jdramatic reader. He was first on the
| stage in 1891 and a year later appeared

A SS SS

happy to have this

It may be of interest to briefly men-
tlon the state of preparedness that our
society Is always in, ready for any and

 

iin London as the Third Young Man inj all reliefs. There are 126 relief detach-
i"The Poet and the Puppets Me was|;ments consisting of trained nurses
{with Ben Greet in Shakespeartan reper-| twenty-nine detachments consisting of
tolre, toured with Lewis Waller and Mrs. |trained male nurses and two hospita!
Pat Campbell, and appeared in severa!) ships whose personnel consists of 197

| physiclans, 4,661
tendants.

{of Shaw's plays. He became joint man-
Ager with J. E. Vedrenne of the Court
Theatre, {n which he scored his first During the present war—in 1914-15—
success as @ producer. New York last | our society ‘as given relief service to the
lyemembers him when he appeared here; sick and wounded of both sides.
jin the early part of the war with an! hospital ships were put !n commission
' English company headed by Lillah Me-|and thoroughly equipped, then were used
Carthy and presented several playa) for the transporting of patients between
|}which were very successful, including | Tsingtao and Japanese ports. In addt-
}“A Midsummer Night's Dream,” ‘‘Andro- | tion to this service we sent four rellef
cles and the Lion” and ‘‘Dumb Wife.” | deta hments to the naval

Even more recently he gave produc- | Sasebo, Japan, and to the military hos-
tions of Greek tragedy on a large scale, Pital at Tsingtao ;
in the Yale Bowl and the Lewisohn; When the present terrible war broke
| Stadium, in which he gave full play to | Ut In Europe our society desired to ren-
his intensely modern ideas in costume | de? Such Service as it could to the allied
and scenery. forces, and we despatched three relief
| When the new theatre movement was | unite, each one toa different destination,
jon here before the war Barker was) ¥!#. England, Russia and France. All
mentioned as the man best fitted to head
}it, and he came from England to discuss
{plans with those who backed the fdea.
It seemed a possible way for him to put !
‘into effect his hope of a theatre of
repertory, a repertory not in the usual
|meaning of the word, which would eng
‘brace not only old successes, , but also manta, teas ft Furthermore, asa result
\the production of new plays that might) oe the war we have instituted a com-
j be worthy of a place beside the gems of ttee of relief and information for the
dramatic literature. venefit of the German prisoners of war
| The plan fell through, although Bar-{ how in Japan
|} ker apparently has not forgotten it. He tranemiike letters, parcels and
| recently announced that he intended to, money coming fm relatives and friends
,devote most of his time vin future tO} directly or indirectly through the inter-
writing Instead of managing, He has! national Red Cross committee at Geneva
; Several good plays to his credit, among! We are proud to say that all of the
}them ‘The Marrying of Ann Leete," prisoners {n our country have been well
|The Voygey Inheritance,” “Waste” and{ req and properly treated by the authori-
“Madras House.”’ ties, much better than our own men have

. : been, T should judge

HARLOW—MA Hard to Understand Enemy.
Plainfield Girl Becomes Brite of, We find it indeed dificult to under-
| Bost M ‘stand the cruel and Inhuman treatment
CSIOR AAR lof allled prisoners in the enemy country
| Miss Flsie Cochran Martin, daughter! That we may show our respect and
‘of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sprague Mar- | extend our deepest sympatiies to
| tin, Hillstde avenue, Plainfield, N. .t allied Red Cross in Europe now engaged
}Wwas married on Saturday to Edward | in relief service at the front as well as
'
|
|
|

nurees and 1,033 at-

 

   

!had fought for the great cause of eciviliza-
tion and humanity

Our society has besides beer
uting hospital supplies to the
organizations of the Allies, such as
‘'hbandage- medicines medical instru-

Red Cross

 
 

 

n of

 

 

 

Dexter Harlow, son of Mrs. Edward! at home, and that have 60 nobly endured
Dexter Harlow, Sr., of Salem and Bos-!/all manner of hardships for so long a
ton, The ceremony took place in the, time, and whose help hay been on an
home of the bride's parents. marvellous a seule, the Japanese Red
“The Rev ka Vicars Stevenson of , Cross Society has just sent a especial
| Grace Episcopal Church officiated. The, mission, directed by Prince Tokugawa,
bride was attended by three nephews, |to the United States, England, France,
Francis and Daniel Bushnell of Mont-!/ Italy @nd_ Belgium The commission
jclair and Francis A. Martin, Jr, of, took with’ it a lot of hospital supplies
'Plainfleld, Arthur Harlow, brother of; to be given abroad
| the bridesroom, was best man i All the world ts now suffering the
The couple will live in Boston {ill effects of the war, &nd tn no light
Se fashion But in my opinion the war
j Soule—Norton. im st go on and on unt!l we are assured
| r t yO! “MArrnhs han
Miss Esther King Norton. grand-| te he final goal of a permanent
daughter of Gen, Horatio C. King, au-| The Red Cross ts, IT think, the only

{thor and composer, and daughter of}
Skeffington 8. Norton of Norton, Willy | into a universal brotherhood
is Co., New York, steamship agents and There should not be either superior or

institution that can bring all the nations

shippers, was married yesterday to| inferior nations on the earth Altruism
Corporal George Henry Soule of the must prevail, And then no trumpet call
United States Coast Artillery Corps, | of war shall ever be heard again

in Easthampton, L. I. Mr. Soule was May God bless the allied forces that
formerly an associate editor of the New|are now fighting for fustice, for liberty

      

mate friends of many years standing Republic, and for humanity.
A
\ f
alah pe sa i hind ns hts Aiea ict a lini tii aac btial tide con nn Sg 1 ahead Jihapiniaicthilestihomngtsinhtingritha)itite Ret

i oe

SOE AG
eet

 

 

The staff correspondent of THe sun |

the latter nation was able to raise more |

to thei

ing with me a magic lantern, and I trav-!

its inception having taken place in 1885. ,

given relief to the victims of war dur- |

war with Russia, that was as defensively |

the menibers of the,
New York has had opportuni-| American Red Cross that have also gone |

Our}

hospitals at),

}of these unlts had the honor of being of |
assistance to the sick and wounded that }

ontri fie |

n order to factiitate the}

the |

   

  

LS

 

4440 7 ,

SHOWN IN MOVIES

 

 

Training School ‘Course Of.
fered With Pay and Board.

One thousand healthy young women
are needed to replace the nurses and at
tendants in the New York State hospitals
for the insane who have been called to
military work. There are more than
37,000 inmates in the thirteen State |
asylums who are cared for by approx-
imately 6,000 employees. More than 609
of these employees already have re- |

‘sponde® to calls for nursing service in |
| the army and navy hospitals here and
abroad and more are volunteering dally.

“The New York State hospitals have
arranged with the Federal poeta |
to receive all mental cases developing in
citizens of the State with the army and |
naval forces, thus assuring the best pos-
sible care and treatment in our home

| institutions,” says a statement issued by
the State Hospital Commission. “A con-
‘siderable number of such cases has al-
| ready been received.

| “To replace the trained nurses and at-
tendants who have been called for mil-

 

 

Films at the Strand, Rivoli
and Rialto,

STIRRING

 

MELODRAMAS

 

War Spectacle at the 44th St.
Theatre—Mildred Harris at
the Broadway.

 

 

The grandeur of natural scenery is
conspicuous in the week's cinematic
Panoramas. The films at the Strand,
litery duty a like number -of young | Pivot and Rialto present a good deal
; women of good health and education are | Of wild country. As usual, such settings
{urgently needed to take the regular/are subsidiary to human drama and,
; training school course, The State main- | powever fondly the eye may linger on

tains a registered training school for! ointains and rushing rivers, the glories

j nurses in connection with each of its |
of mother earth are quickly whisked
thirteen hospitals for the insane and the away to give place to facial grimaces

graduates of these achools are qualified ;
{to take an examination for the degree of | and the clinches S lovers that may be
) registered nurse at the conclusion of the | ®®¢? on any magazine cover,
yrequired course. The State makes a lib-| _,The locale of “The Source" at the
‘eral allowance to pupil nurses in train- | Strand is a logging camp. Van Twiller
| ing, placing them on a self-supporting Yard, who has drunk himself far down
| basis, as board, room, laundry, medical bill, is shanghaied to the camp, where
}service and an annual vacation are | "¢ falls under the discipline of a savage
| given foreman. At first Yard is paasive and
offers no resistance, but the contempt of

“The State hospitals also tra'n male ;
| nurees and applications are Invited from | the foreman’s pretty daughter stings him
at last, his courage returns and his

men who are available for military
duty.” . ® heroic exploits win the love of the scorn-
. ful beauty. Wallace Reid and Ann

ne ceeaaney Little represent the leading characters.
The Strand programme includes an

\NEW LAW IN EFFECT ove sinativesriny instal

| scene from “Rigoletto.”

| AS SCHOOLS REOPEN

 

“Law of the North’ at Rialto.

Charlies Ray was seen at the Rialto
in a plieture contrasting strongly with
those in which his followers have been
accustomed to seeing him. This was
“The Law of the North,” in which he is

'

|

Non-English Speaking and ll-!

‘
; |

 

| . . Alain de Montcalm, a trapper. As the
\ literate Minors Must title sugwests, the ecenes are in the
\ | Canadian Northwest. When Alain goes

Attend. ‘to a netghboring trading post a fur

trader kills his father and

| Sm ee j younger sister
{| The public schools will open for the The fur trader has a strong gang of
| fall term this morning, at which time adherents, which makes Alain's ven-
‘e y geance a difficult matter, aud the eitua-
| the new State law requiring the attend-| tion je complicated by the fact that the
ance of all non-English speaking and!trader has a beautiful daughter. At
illiterate minors will go {nto effect. It is| ore A ne is repelled by her on account
expected, however, that most of this | we SiC KOEE Ta
class will be accommodated at night The portion of the great outdoors at
schools, seventy-seven of which are totes Rivoll was supplied by “He Comes

abducts his

 

carry On the work of Americanization to} on ater anes ey a nONe "
. 2 . } a 8s nerman ance ater a play n

“ maintained by the Board of Educa-! 5.) Douglas Fairbanks appeared. Mr.
| on, Fairbanks again represents the pro-

Boys and girls at present engaged in
‘farm work will not be required to report
at school until October. It is announced
) that the compulsory feature of the new
education bill will be strictly enforced,
inasmuch as it applies to youths between
the ages of 16 and 21 who cannot write
and speak English according to the
Standard of the fifth grade of the public
schools, Any employer, however, may
mect the requirements by conducting in-
‘dependent classes in English for foreign |
born, but such classes must be under
| the supervision of the school authorities.
' Any minor wilfully violating the law!
will be subject to a fine of not leas than!
i

tagoniat of the comedy on the screen,
and this medium gives stil! greater scope
to his characteristic ebullitions.

Bank Clerk as Tramp King.

A considerable part of the publie still
remembers probably how Jerry Martin
a bank clerk, started out to
the bank president's pet canary
finding the call of the open country
irresistible, Jolned a band of tramps. By
establishing his physical superiority
| among the knights of the road he made

himeelf their king, but this did not pre-
vent them from disciplining him for the

recover

$6; parents or guardians who cause ®|took hia. clothes wees sige ae aaa
#8? 4 % 3 ius e s one
minor to violate the law will be subject strained to don the clothes of a stocie

to @ fine of not less than $20 and em-

; ployers to a fine of not less than $60

| Employers of labor under 21 that come
{under the provisions of the law are
requested to communicate with the Fae
ning schoo! administration, Park avenue |
and Fifty-ninth art, to make the,

broker who had gone in swimming, an
act that projected him Into a new tne
carnation.

W. YD. Griffith's stirring war spectacle
“Hearts of the World” still bolds sway
at the Forty-fourth Street Theatre

  
 

; At the Broz ay m4 é
necessary arrangements for complying| ..* se Broadway Aiildred Harrie in
withthe: tae } again a drawing feature as a cha ing

! z : ‘young wife with a persistent jover in
Each of the elementary schools will be 4 F ; ut
the ironical comedy For Husbande

;a@ centre of the work and wherever |
twenty or more pupils can be obtained |
in the same soctal, commercial or religt-
ous institution that group may be consti-
‘tuted an annex of the nearest elementary
| school.

Only

| Will Auction Caraso Drawings,

At the Shubert TT} to-morrow
evening. when the San Carlo Grand
Opera Company wil! give Wolf-Ferrari's
“Jewels of the Madonna,” Burr MclIn-
;tosh will offer at auction Enrico Ca-
| j }ruso’s pen and ink drawings of himself
| Oncar Spirescu, Orchestra Conduc- | i? his most popular roles. Mr. Caruso
tor, Had Complained of Hiness, | 224 "'8 bride will occupy box seats

| Elsie Ferguson will be on the reception
| Oscar Spirescu, fornte:|y conductor of | comnMttee, and among others who are

| DIES OF CHLOROFORM FUMES.

jthe orchestra at the strand Theatre, ‘expected to be on hand are Julia Arthur,
| died late Saturday night in his home,|Mary Boland, Margaret Dale, May
805 West Forty-fifth street. According |Baynter, Jane Grey, Peggy O'Neill
to Dr. Benjamin Schwart7, medical ex-|(en. Franklin Bell, the Misses Elliot:
aminer, who performed «a autopsy,}and Georgia Caine

death was due to the inhalation of

chloroform, Mr. Sptresen conducted a} Swgdish Mills Use U. 8, Cotton,
rehearsal of the orchestra Saturday! SrockHouM, @pt. §—The arrival of
, afternoon, but complained then of feeb} 14,000 bales of cotton at Gothenburg
Ing il). e from New York wil! permit the Swedish

| He was born in Rumanta forty-four | cotton mills to resume
years ago and was educated thera and! eased in At
at the Paris Conservatory of Music. He!be apportioned at
was well known as a composer and had |
been conductor of symphony orchestras {n |
Zudapest, Paris, Berlin and Boston be-
;fore coming to New York, where le/|
was first connected with the Manhattan |
Symphony Orchestra. {

He leaves a widow here and several

operation, which
Phe cargo will
mills

—_

      

‘children {n Rumania. Services will be

{held to-day in the Funeral (thurch,

| Broadway and Sixty-sixth street 2, oy. FFYH AV
———————_——_-—- i3 ST 345T WARREN

 

41ST

OBITUARIES.
ELLEN E. NILES.

}
'

Miss Ellen E. Niles, 72. who ta
the Plainfleld public schools thi
years, retiring in 1907, died yest
her home on Crescery avenue, Plainfield

 

  

 

N. J. She was a native of Binghamton
During her long years of service in the
public schools she taught history and
| Enelis! She was a member of the
; Crescent Avenue Presbyterian Church

 

and the Rasores Club. Two brothers

 

vive

| age |

LESTER 8. HARRIS | Four “ways” to keep
| Lester B. Harris, 67, well known ‘|down expenses—

sport efrcles and one time owner of | ’
Heating horses, died antandae’ int hig! (1) Go to Rogers Peet Ss

jhome, West Front street, Plainfield, N. J. | ‘

| He was born at Newmarket, N. J, and: Warren Street Store.
|lived here twenty years He leaves aj (2) Go to Rogers Peet's
{ wido and three 6ons, one of whom, | ¢

Girard B. Harris, is in the military ser- | 13th Street Store.

j vine sited eta (3) Go to Rogers Peet's

Three Paulist Fathers Celebrate, 34th Street Store.
Three members of the Paulist order ’
(4) Go to Rogers Peet's

| celebrated the completion of a quarter

lomcisting at solemn high mass seater, Fifth Avenue Store.
ul All stores operate as one.

| day morning at the Church of St

  

 

es

  
    

  

 

 

 

the Apostle, Colurnbus ay an ° .

tieth street. They were the Rey - Same fine quality! Same

othy V. Menton, attached to the Ch : ° ' . at

lof St, Paul the Apostle; the Rey, Peter, Variety! Same prices!
Callaghan, rector of the Apost

oe enneet Serre: fe tne. ALE Clothes that mean econo-

sity of America, and the Re Her i

| Oikeste hoes at the f e st ire? jmy in the long run, The

jot the Good Shepherd, 207th street and! best of everything men and

Brosdway. The celebrant w Father ¥

Menton, while Father O'all was boys wear.

deacon and Father O'Keefe sub-deacor

Charches Help in Draft Work. ROGERS PEET Company

  

 

 

 

Local Boerd 145, located tn the (Col- Broadway Broadway
lege of the City of New York, announced gt 13th St “The at 34th Sr
last night that in addition to the ted Four
list of places where men in that district a 7S Bot
may register for the new draft next | Brosamay Corners Fifth Ave
Thursday the Church of Our Lady of at Warren at gist St.
Lourdes, 468 West 149d street, had been
added. Wraft men may also ¢egister at
the Church of the Resurrection, 141st
streét pear Seventh avenue | ee eee ae oii co

1 .
s races is ow vantlnaltachensindaanlhliid le Bilt

Wild Scenery Conspicuous in’

and, -

Se ee ee IRI

< Senet ow

21m alten Date nin te panty 5
pg OATS

 

(pie EOS ernie

 

$
4
I
‘