be

ree

me

 

VOL LERV.—N0. 163,
CHEATING ON THE STOCK TAX

COMPTROLLER GLYNN SAYS THE
BROKERS BEAT THE LAW,

 

 

He Specines a Loss of Nearly $148,000
From Jan. 1 to Oct. 1, 1003, and
Thinks It’s Only a Small Part of the To-
tal--Suggests Remedies to Legisiatare.

ALBANY, Feb. 9.—That the State is being
defrauded of hundreds of thousands of
dollars annually by evasion of the law
taxing the transfer of shares of stock, is
the conglusion of Comptroller Martin H.
Glynn in a report that he will present to
the Legislature to-morrow night. He
attributes this result to weak features in the
statute itself and to the inadequacy of the
machinery providing for its operation, and
recommends additional legislation to cure
the evils. He says:

The State is not getting all the tax to which
it is entitled. Reports show that between
January 1 and October 1, 1907, the New York
Stovk Exchange and the Consolidated Stock
Fachange sold 101,060,223 shares of stock,
of which 35,962,065 shares consisted of Read-
ing and Pennsylvania stock of the par value
of $50 and the par value of all the rest of
the stock was $100. The State was entitled
'o. receive on these sales under this law the
sum of $3,431,964.51, and the receipts for the
fame period from the entire State, including
eorporations, curb brokers and bucket shops,
only amounted to $3,280,191.%1, which is
$142,731.95 less than the total tux op the sales
made by the two exchanges alone From
the reports of our inspectors thie department
is convinced that these figures represent but
# email fraction of the loss to the State. The
») stem of “balancing” and “paying on differ-
ences” in vogue among brokers deprives
the State of @ vast revenue due it urter

trict interpretation of the law

{t is interesting to note that the Excise
Department, whose revenues to the state
4re less than double this -ingle.bureau of the
Conp'roller’s Department’ is allowed sixty

special agents and a nugiber of special de- |

tectives to help in the enforcement of the
liquor tax law, [think this comparisen is all
that is needed to einphasize the absurdity of
envforeing the stock transfer tax law with six
inspectors, It would take #iX men at least

“IN Years to eXamine the 50,000 to #000 Cor. |

porations in this Btute which should
-tamps in the transfer of
«i the broker's offices
pat te
dave and he discovered a single company
Which bad transferred 20,000 shares of stock
on Which no tax had been paid. The officers
of! the corporation pleaded that they sup-
posed the transfer tax affected only brokers,
Our inspector copipelled them to buy and
aris 3 worth of stamps in their certificate
boak in hin presence
Vv hat could be done with a sufficient corps of
I spertors

Use
tock,to say nothing
Nin inspector was

amptrotier Glynn recommend

be ended so as to rey
person or corporation meking a sale
transfer of stock to fle monthly a sworn

ifa@ment oe the Comptroller showing
tie number of stemps purchased. used or
sald, andif vold to whom and the amount

the

ire every

timaet
law

remaining. unused. Ilo alew vrges the
enaetment of another amepdinent massing
it in'awfal for any corporation or auy of
i agents to acogm anv etoak for iranefo

tyess ihe eertifoate beara the req ired
“tame, and retiring the borpornation to
‘We the certifioate in ita office so ihai the
name may be inspected be the Conmtreotles
Inspectors. \ severe pena'ty far violiio
of either proposed provision is reco.
mended. ‘The report continues

The manufacture and cave of stock tyans’er
tax stamps presented a seriois proven
when the present incumbent of the Con »-

troller's Department assumed the duties |
of his office. Stampsofthe vale of more thay ,
seven millions of dollars had been in the sole

eupstedy of aclerk and the process of printing
had been attended by careless and loos
methods and the absence of sateguairds
necessary to protect the Bate There had
beeh a lack of proper precaution in handling
this valuable property, and stamps of a face
value of over $9,100,000 were reported as
having been destroyed without

the presenee

of attesting witnesses or according to the

ordinary routes that govern the method of
destruction of evidences of value

Paper used in the manufacture of stamns

hed been reveived in bulk and had been de-
livered in that condition to the printer, re-
maining about his establishment in open cases,
-urrgunded by the dangers of thett or fire
‘The plates from which the stamps were
printed were also in the possession of the
printer. While the actual process of printing
was in progress one clerk had charge of the
lates, paper and éther materials used, with
ne supervision whatever on the part of any
other person. The possibilities under these
conditions are obvious.

The protection of completed and salable
stamps “was wholly inadequate. While they
were placed in a safe deposit vuaull they were
10 the sole charge of the chief clerk of the
stock transfer tax bureau. He had access
to them at all times. There was no double
key or combination system to safeguard the
ratilions of dollars of property almost as ne-
gotiable as currency. The single clerk had a
key of entry to the building of the safe de-
posit company and the combination of the
vault in which the stamps were kept, and
thus had direct access to the stamps at any
hour of the day or night

Although the books of the stock transfer
tax bureau balanced and all the stamps
orinted were accounted for as sold or on
hand or destroyed, yet several sheets of
«tampa of a face value of $2,492 were found
in the month of February, 1997, in an old
deak in the workshop of the contractor in
which all the stamps had been printed

These conditions mado it necessary to
establish an entirely new system. which it
is believed wil) protect the State in the prini-
ihg Of stamps from the time of the manu-
tapture of the paper until they are offered
for sale to the public. Under this system an
entirely new issue of stamps on new paper
and from new plates is being manufactured.
One man power has been eliminated and re-
sponsibility ts #0 distributed as to make loss
to the State an impossibility in the care and
printing of the stamps.

The completed stamps are kept in a safe
deposit vault entry to which can be had only
by the use of three keys, each of which is
hetd by an individual, two of whom are rep-
resentatives of the Comptroller and the third
of the eafe deposit company

 

CRUSADE AGAINST GAMBLING.

One Thousand People March Through
Reno's Tenderloin, Demanding Betorm.
Reno, Nev., Feb #.—Sam Davis of the

arson Appeal, the well known humorist,

has been converted by local evahgelists
and last night joined in a parade of tem-
perance crusaders through Reno's Tender-
loin. There were 1,000.men and women in
the procession, each bearing a torch. The

je was led by a brass band. It paused

E front of every saloon and gambling house

singing hymns and shouting: “Down with

and ling in Heno!”
ee eel ee the demand of

lo stop gaming be
: sar: Seats

    

“ork on these corporations for a few |

‘thie is a sample of ,

   
 
 

 

| MRS. WM. THAW AT MATTEAWAN.
Is Satishea

That Her Son Remain There
for the Present.

Fragen, N. Y., Feb. 9.—Mrs. William
Thaw made her first visit to Matteawan
thie afterncen. She arrived on the New
York Central shortly after 1 o'clock, and
was accompanied by her nurse, A. Russell
Peabody, Dan O'Reilly and William Moore,
the Thaw detective.

Mrs. Thaw appeared feeble and had to
be assisted from the train by her nurse.
Her coming was unannounced and the few
loiterers at the station did not recognize
ber. A closed carriage and a sleigh met the
party. Mrs. Thaw, the nurse and Mr.
Peabody rode in the carriage, and Mr.
O'Reilly and Mr Moore followed in the
cutter.

A direct route was taken to the insane
hospital, about three miles distant, and no
stop was made in the village of Fishkill.
Harry K, Thaw had just returned to his
ward from services in the chapel when his
mother arrived. It is the custom for vari-
ous neighboring preachers to take turns
holding services at Matteawan. John H.
Reid, formerly the pastor of the Matteawan
Presbyterian CRurch, but now editor of the
Walden Citizen,
regular pianist was ill. Thaw was asked
to help out and he played the hymns.

Mrs. Thaw spent nearly two hours with
her son and left in time to catch the even-
ing train for New York. She said that
things were much better at Matteawan
than she expected and that for the present
she was satisfied for Harry to remain there.

Mr. O'Reilly said that three outside
alieniste would visit Thaw on Monday,
but declined to say who they were. Mrs
Harry K. Thaw will visit Matteawan Tues-
day. She was there on Friday.

$1,000,000 FROM FIELD ESTATE.

 

 

| Trastees Agree te Pay That Sum to (oak
County for Kvaded Taxes.

, C€teaco, Feb. 9.—-The great estate left
by Marshall Field has yielded up $1,000,000
in back taxes to the county of Cook, and
Mersh.tl Field 34 and Henry Field, both
1 of whom are at college in England seeking
| an education that will fit them to adminia-
| ter the $100,000,000 estate of their late grand-
father, suffered a loss of $500,000 each to
| his personal fortune.
| By tho terms of the settlernent announced
| to-day Cook county receives $730,000 less
than it demanded when suit was brought
against the Vield estate for non-payment
of taxes on unscheduled personal property.
A compromise arranged between Henry
A. Lewin, attorney for the county, and
John P. Wilson, attorney for the trustees
| of the Field estate, was reached on Satur-
day and announced to-day.
| It was to the effect that the county will
| accept a cash payment of $1,000,000 to be
made March 1 in fullsettiement of its claims,
: totalling $1,730,000,

PN Ome

WYSTERY DEATH.

 

| EXpires in a Few Minutes After Being
Taken to Note! Freon a Sleigh.

Hartrrorp, Feb. 9—The sudden end

mysterious death of Mary QGallegher, ;

high school girl of ‘\<terbury, has greativ
| ip.tereated the people of thet city
Fsaminer A. A. Crene of Waterbury and
Coroner Fli Mix of New Heven county
have taken up the case and are making an
investigation.

Miss Gallagher, who wes the denghter
of Thomes Gallagher, went eleigh riding on
Friday evening with John Shaffer, a young
i farmer of Midd'ebury. About 9 o'clock
Shaffer pulled up et the hotel at the driving
park, just out of the cy, end the young
woman was taken into the hatel. where she
died a few minutes later.

The young man says thet a short time
before he drove to the hotel Miss Gallagher
complained of dizziness and the cold, and
he hurried to the hotel to get relief for her

All the circumstances are being looked

*NEW YORK, MONDAY,

eee

|

 

BOSS OF THE BARGAIN HOUSE

KE. MARGOLIES, ARRESTED, SAID
TO BE THE MISSING “ROSS.”

 

 

The Mushroom Store in Poughkeepsie With
its Fenees Elsewhere is Believed to
Have Bobbed Wholesalers of Over
$100 ,000—This Is the Second Arrest.

Edward Margolies, formerly a dealer in
fur and silk goods at 49 East Ninth street,
was locked up at Police Headquarters last
night on a charge of grand larceny in the
second degree. The arrest is the result,
according to Assistant District Attorney E.
Crosby Kindleberger, of Margolies's con-
nection with the Poughkeepsie Bargain
House, whose operations were partially
exposed in the newspapers of January 9
last.

While $40,000 worth of goods are known
to have been obtained unpaid for by the
Bargain House, its total of profits is be-
lieved to run over $100,000 and to take in

officiated to-day. The | Jersey City, Boston, Hartford and other

cities besides New York and Poughkeepsie.

Two men who gave their names as Morris
Ross and Isador Lewis appeared in Pough-
keepsie in September, 1907, and opened a
retail dry goods store called the Pough-
keepsie Bargain House. Ross apparently
was the leader in the enterprise. The
store did a good business on the main street
of the city and at the end of the month
Roas and Lewis were able to make a state-
ment to the commercial agencies of $8,200
assets and $900 in bills “not yet due,” which
secured them good rating and credit.

The Bargain House became an extraor-
dinarily busy place for a smal] store from
then on. It was learned later that Ross
and Lewis went down to New York, made a
tour of the wholesale goods houses and se-
cured from $100 to $300 worth of goods
from each of more than a hundred of them.

These goods were all shipped to the
Poughkeepsie Bargain House on sixty
days credit. The records of various car-
riers show that from six to twelve consign-
ments of goods arrived for the Bargain
House almost every day, were taken in
and turned around and sent right out again.
Many of the lots, indeed, never went to the
Bargain House before being shipped on
their way.

An investigation conducted by Assistant
District Attorney Kindleberger has dis-
closed that several stores in several cities
were operated as practical fences for all
this stuff. A store on Broadway, according
to Mr. Kindleberger, was the principal one
of these. A store in West Fourteenth street
and the shop of Margolies in Fast Ninth
street, it ia alleged, were other New York
sales depots, either on an auction basis or
with some other method of quick sale.

A women's waist concern in Washington
street in Boston received and sold part of
these goods. Other fences in Hartford
and Jersey City had the goods shipped to
them as soon as received from New York
and sold them as quickly as possible to make

' room for more. All in all a rushing busi-

ness was done by Ross and Lewis and their
friends right up to the last day of the sixty

| days of oredit.

Mectioat |

|
|
|
|
|

This term elapsed. on November 24 the
Poughkeepsie Bargain House closed up
and Ross and Lewis disappeared without
even bothering to go into bankruptcy.
The main New York store also closed about
this time. The Weet Fourteenth street
shop closed, Margolies went into bank-
ruptey, and no trace is left of the,places in
Boston, Hartford or Jersey City

Among the wholesale houses in New York
which had been stung were Benjamin
Deutsch, shirt waists; Meyer Bros., Carl
Light, Kantor * Wolkind and the Kramer Fur
Company, all located in the wholesale dis-
trict between Broome and Fighteenth
streets. The total of their shipments grows
larger and Jarger under investigation, until
now it is known to be at least $40,000 and

into and it is expected that an sutopsy | is believed to be between $100,000 and

|
| will he made to determine if drugs of any
| kind had been, administergd to her. The
| girl was unable to make any statemert
after she arrived at the hotel.

FIRE SCARE AT A WEDDING.

250 Dancers in Tuxedo Hall siampeded
by an Exetted Boy,

A ery of fire set up by a hysterical cloak
boy made a stampede among 250 quests
dancing at a wedding in Tuxedo Hall at

the northeast corner of Fifty-ninth street

| and Madison avenue about midnight last
night. The dance followed the wedding
at a synagogue at Sixty-fifth street and
Lexington avenue, where Jeannette Sher-
man, a daughter of David Sherman of #6
West Ninety-eighth street, and Kdward
Cohen, a jewelry manufacturer of Cin-
cinnati, were married.

Most of the guests were in the dance hall
on the first floor of the four story building
and the orchestra was playing a waltz
when the hoy in charge of the cloakroom
on the floor above smelled amoke and saw
flames bursting through the ceiling. He
ran down stairs into the dance hall shouting
tire.

The guests poured out of the hall and
down the narrow atairway to the street,
leaving their wraps. A few women fainted
and others became hysterical. A score of
men who had already escaped learned that
some women were left behind in the hall
lying in a faint. These men ran back up
the stairs and into the hall, which was
now dense with smoke, groping for the
women. They succeeded in getting them
all out before the firemen arrived.

An alarm was sent in by a policeman on
the corner and the reserves from the East
Sixty-seventh street station were gent
around to handie sey possible panic and
to protect the funds in the hranch of the
Mechanics and Traders Bank which is on
the ground floor of the building.

The fire engines and trucks had con-
siderable trouble in getting to the place
because of the crowd of carriages waiting
for guests. The guests themselves atcod
clamoring for their carriages as the women
had no protection from the cold.

The fire burned through the fourth floor

} and the roof. It was put out after an
hour's work. The Joss is estimated at
about $7,000.

Submarines Not in Vet.
Norronuk, Va., Feb. 9.—The three sitb-

marine boate Cuttlefish, Tarantula and
Viper, convoyed by the tender Hist, bound
from New York to Hampton Roads, did
not arrive to-day as expected. Their =
ent location is unknown here. A deere
lookout has been kept for them at Cape
Henry.

UR

a oe Hog

 

 

 

| i the

$125 ,000,

Julius Kramer of the Kramer Fur Com-
pany, 13 East Sixteenth street, got hot
under the collar at the way iawhich the
two Poughkeepsie customers had done busi-
ne33 and com iained to Dstrct Attorney
Hart of Dutchess county. Mr. Kindle-
berger later took up the case. Mr. Kindle-
berger said yesterday that from five to ten
men were concerned in the conspiracy
altogether— he could not tell just how many
because every participant apparently had
used at least one false name and sometimes
two or three.

Detectives Russo and Kesselmark of the
Central Off ce on January % arrested Abra-
ham 8. Goldamith of 285 Brook avenue,
The Bronx, on a charge of conspiracy, on
which he later was released under $2,000
bail. Goldsmith was identified by Mra.
Mollie Baxter, formerly bookkeeper in the
Bargain House, as one of the principal
managers of the store whom she had known
as Mr. Seamon. Detective Russo yesterday
arrested Margolies, who is believed by Mr.
Kindleberger to be Ross of the Bargain
House and one of the leaders of the whole
enterprise.

Margolies at first would not give his name.
Letters found on his person, however, dis-
closed his identity and he gave his name
as Edward Margolies for entry on the blotter
at Headquarters. Employees of the Bar-
gain House will be brought down to identify
him to-day.

 

COULDN'T HAVE FUN; A SUICIDE,

Cilften, N. J., Boy Whose Foot Had Been
Cut Of Shoots Himself.

Paterson, N. J., Feb. 9.—Frederick
Ross, 16 years old, despondent over the loss
of his left foot, which was amputated at
the General Hospital in Paterson a few
weeks ago after it had been crushed by a
train, committed suicide at his home on
Grove atreet, Clifton, last night. Young
Ross left a note for his mother which read
as follows:

MotuerR: [I am tired of living. All the
other boys are having fun and [ ain't. My
leg hurta me. Something funny buzzes in my
head.. Good-by, mamma. | killed myself. [1
wasn't any one else.

At the request of her son Mrs. Roas left
her home yesterday afternoon to visit. rela-
tives who were staying at the home of Mrs.
Catherine Graves in Second street, Clifton.

“If you don't go over to see (hem to-day
you won't get a chance,” the boy told his
mother. “They are going away to-mor-
row.”

When Mrs. Ross returned home last
evening aii the doors were locked and
when she got in she found the dead
4n the kite’ floor, He had sho} himaeif
ge:d with a .22

heat ws. oie
fT

 

hs

a a reese —~e-e—enn * eeae

eu tia cuca Titel Sas J

  

<

ond ani ir ile ali ell: ears a WER anlar aA Re SP NI 8

SIGHTED U. S. FLEET.

 

Steamer Reports Battieships Only 11 Miles
From the Pacific Ocean.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

PuNnva AkENaB, Chile, Feb. .—The ateam-
ship Orita of the Pacific Navigation Line
arrived here this forenoon and her cap-
tain reported that he passed the fleet of
American battleships in the strait shortly
after 6 o'clock Saturday night.

The leading vessels of the fleet at that
time were about eleven miley east of Cape
Pillar and were proceeding in tingle column
formation, with the Chilean cruiser Chaca-
buco in the van.

There were nineteen vessels in the fleet,
the sixteen battleships, two colliers and
the Chilean warship. The torpedo boat
destroyers were not with the fleet, having
gone into Smyth Channel, through which
they will proceed to Telcahuano, this being
the aafest course for light draught vessels.

The captain of the Orita said that heavy
weather prevailed in the strait when he
sighted the warships.

Cape Pillar is at the northern extremity
of Desolation Island. It is the southern
portal of the gateway. to the Straits of
Magellan. The fleet being eleven miles
east of it is in the partion of the straits
called Sea Reach. This is comparatively
open water and the open ocean is reached
when the ships are abreast of the cape.

The entrance to Smyth Channel is be-
tween thirty and forty miles to the south-
east of the position indicated as that of the
battleships. The entire fleet may be said
to have passed all the dreaded portions of
the waterway between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans.

THREATENS MURDER IN COURT,

Pather ef a Runaway Girl Lounges at Her
@ompanion.

Richard Bell, 20 years old, a shipping
clerk, of 52 Barrow street and Catherine
Geugenbach, 25 years old, of 66 Greenwich
avenue were in the Tombs police court
yesterday charged with the larceny of
jewelry .valued at $1,000 from Charles
Geugenbach, the girl's father.

The girl eloped with Bell on January 15,
taking the jewelry with her. They were
arrested in Chicago last week by Detectives
Aikman and Arfkin of the Central Office.
Bell has a wife and two children, and it
is stated that at the time of the elopement
the Geugenbach girl was about to enter a
convent.

When the pair were brought into court
the girl's mother threw her arms about
her neck.

The girl’s father, who had been stand-
ing by without apparently noticing his
daughter, sprang at Bell, crying:

“I'm going to kill you for what you have
done to my daughter.”

Before the man could reach Bell Edward
Carpill, Bell's counsel, forced them apart.

The father then turned to the girl and
said:

“You've got just what you deserve, and
I'm going to see that you're punished.”

When arraigned the pair held each oi her's
hands. Both waived examination and Mag-
‘strate Corrigan held them in $1,060 baii
each.

When a detective asked the girl if she
would tell what had become of the jewelry
she asked if an answer would make her
case less serious. Upon learning that she
siill would be charged with grand larceny
she refused to say any! bing more.

 

 

WIFE SEES FATAL PISTOL FIGHT.

When Husband Is Killed
Quarrel About Her.

MERIDEN, Miss., Feb. 9.—In a_ pistol
fight between Covert Taylor, a prominent
contractor, and Oscar Hatcher, a farmer,
begun in the corridor of the Miazza-Woods
office building at 5 o'clock this evening,
Hatcher received wounds from which he
died a half hour later and Taylor received
a wound in the hand and a scalp wound
just above his right ear.

Hatcher's wife was standing at his side
during the fight, begging the men to desist.

Hatcher fired four shots at Taylor in
auick succession. Taylor fired only once
in the building, the bullet striking Hatcher
in the left breast, penetrating the lung and
coming out at the back. Hatcher ran out
through the storm doors followed by Taylor.
When he turned into a cigar store Taylor
fired twice, one bullet entering Hatcher's
neck and the other ploughing its way
through his cheek and passing through
the leg of James Hamm, a young man
standing a short distance away.

Hatcher ran to a drug store and fell on
his face. He was hurried to a hospital,
where he died within fifteen minutes.

Taylor was locked up in the county jail.
The trouble was about Hatcher's wife

Stands By in

 

 

ICE PREVENTS A_ SUICIDE,

German, Out of Work, Jamps From a Ferr)-
beat, but Doesn't Sink.

Soon after the East Top:y-second street
ferryboat John Englis had left her slip at
the foot of Broadway, Williamsburg, for
Manhattan yesterday afternoon and was
hugging the Williamsburg shore on account
of the ice floes in midstream an elderly
German who subsequently described him -
self as Christian Tent of 108 Stagg street
left the men's cabin and went to the stern.
After looking at the water for several
minutes he clambered up the guard rail
and leaped into the river Several passen-
gers who had seen the man’s act raised an
alarm and the beat was hrought to a stop
after it had proceeded about fifty yards.
Meanwhile Tent, who had landed on top
of @ masse of ice, made desperate efforts
to get through so as to drown.

When he leaped from the boat he was
seen by Capt. John Smith, the pilot of the
Houston street ferryboat Jamaica, who
was about to start on a trip to Manhattan.
He called all the deckhands and had the
lines of the Jamaica cast off. He ran the
boat under slow speed close to the German,
who although weak from partial immer-
sion was still making efforte to free himself
from the ice around him. The boat hooks
got a grip on him and he was hauled up to
the deck. He became insensible and the
Jamaica was backed into her slip. Tent
was carried to the waiting room and re-
moved to the Williamsburg Hospital, where
it was said he might die.

The police learned that Tent, who was 60
years old, had become il and despondent

wold friends that at the fret cpportusiee
u
would kill himself. | oo r
See
a Soter Fe Seca Ot, hanes,

        
   

«4

Seainus, Paapeany 10, ioe: :
Patr and warmer

YY; rain or snow
to-morrow.

 

 

MORPHY FOR NO INSTRUCTIONS

SAYS FEBRUARY IS EARLY DAYS
FOR FORECLOSING ON JULY.

 

 

Sentiment May Ctiange and National Con-
vention Should Act en Conditions Then
! Obtaining—Coentry “in an Uncertain

the opinion that he has expressed before
that the delegates from this State to the
Democratic national convention to he held
in Denver on July 7 should go uninetructed.
In the course of an interview he declared
that it waa the duty of the party to wait
until the delegates got to Denver and then
pick the most available candidate accord-
ing to the conditions obtaining at that time.

Mr. Murphy returned last week from his
vacation at Palm Beach, Fla. While there
he had talks with Chairman Conners of the
Democratic State committee. It was gath-
ered that the views Mr. Murphy expressed
yesterday coincided with the views of Mr.
Conners.

Mr. Murphy's talk was brought out by a
statement Mr. Bryan is said to have made
in Philadelphia to the effect that he waa in
favor of instructing the delegates in any
ease where the sentiment was in favor of
some candidate.

“So far as I am personally concerned,”
said Mr. Murphy, “I am going to advise
against instructions for the New York State
delegation. The convention will not be
held until July 7 and the sentiment may
change a great deal between now and then.
My position is that the Democratic party
ought to wait until the delegates assemble
#o that they can take advantage of the con-
ditions that may prevail in July.

“The sentiment hasn't developed and the
country is in an uncertain condition just
now. The duty of the Demoorate is to take
plenty of time in making a choice so that
when they get to Denver they can do the
best thing for the country and after that
for the party. I opposed instructions
four years ago and my position ia pre-
cisely the same now as then. I think that
the Democratic party has a splendid chance
of succeas this fall, and for that reason it
ought to be deliberate in selecting its can-
didate.

“A great many names of able and prom-
inent Democrats have been suggested for
the nomination, and a wise course for the
party to pursue would be for the delegates
to get together in Deaver and pick out the
man who in July is the strongest candidate.
1 certainly do got think that the party
ought to foreclose in February.”

When asked to name some of the candi-
dates to whom he referred, Mr. Murphy
replied:

“There are plenty of them.
to discuss candidates now.”

“When will the State conventioa be held?”

“The p-imaries aren't uatil March 3),
and ao date has been set for a mee.ing of
the State committee. I don’t know whether
the committee wil! mect before the prima-
ries or not.”

Mr. Murphy said that he had just missed
Mr. Bryan's visit and would not talk on the
subject «f Mr. Bryan, though he is pretty
well known to be opposed to him as matters
stand at present. As Mr. Murphy aad
Mr. Conoers contro] the State committee
there isn’: much doubt that the four dele-
gates at large to be named at the State
coavention will go uninstructed. Nor is

Charles F. Murphy reiterated yesterday

I don't care

the seventy-four delegates will be named
without instructions, in spite of the at-
tempt that Mr. Bryan’s friends aro to make
| to get instructions. Mr. Murphy and
Mr. Conners expect to contro] the delega-
tion from this State, aud hy adopting the
unit rule can give the seventy-eight votes
| to whichever cancidate they decide is the
strongest when they get to Denver.

The Tammany executive committee will
hold a meeting in a wéek or two in order
to issue the call for the March primaries.
It is not likely that there will be any con-

| Gertrude Stillings Get a License and Left
Her Books at Noon.

Gertrude Stillings, 14 years old, of 212

West 143d street was married on January 30
| to Frederick Pittman, 20 years old, of 208
| West 143d street. Miss Stillings at the time
| of her marriage was a pupil at Public School
119. She got excused from achvool at noon
on her wedding day after telling her teacher
that her mother was ill, and, me Pitt-
man outside, went to the Calvary Metho-
dist Church, at 128th street and Sevénth
avenue, in search of a minister.

The ceremony was performed by the Rev.

William H. Vaughn, assistant pastor of
the church, at hia home, 2190 Seventh ave-

had

and his friends very much if there should
be any. It has always been a rule that dis-
trict fights in Presidential years shall never
be fought at the spring primaries, and there
appears to be no chance of any one making
a contest at the primaries in the name of
Bryan.
named one of the four delegates at large to
Denver

The St. Paul Shook OG Masses of It Against
the Shed of Her Pier.

Head gales and a temperature close to
zero converted liners that smashed their
way yesterday up the North River through
the ice jam into craft of Arctic aspect.
Icicles made the bridges look like big crys-
tal combs fit for the mane of the sea, and
hulls were sheathed on weather sides with
several inches of frosty armor plate

The American liner St. Paul got rid of
most of her coating of ice by crashing
against the side of her pier while being
shoved in by six tugs. The shattered ice
as it rattled down on and against the cor-
rugated iron sides of the pier shed startled
folk waiting for passengers and made them
run back. One of the coal chutes along-
side the pier was forced through the side of

On ee the. Post
mon, . Paul's passengers was
Capt. John C, Fremont of the navy, who

will take command of the new battleship

pilesteni ppt He has been naval attaché
of the American Embassy at Paris. He
said that naval men in Europe regarded

Mr. Reuterdahl's criticisms of the
can battleship largely as a joke.

meri-

 

SCHOOL GIRL MARRIED AT 14,

 

STEAMSHIP DRAPED WITH ICE, |

FEBRUARY 10, 1908.—copurivds, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

a SS tes st

there much doubt that most if aot all of | ya

|
|
|
|

tests, At least it would surprise Mr. Murphy |

{
|
|

|

|

 
 

NOT TO WED MRS. VANDERBILT.

Count Alexander Hadik Says He Has Net
Met Her in Ten Years.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Vienna, Feb. 9.—Count Alexander Hadik
informs the Zeit that the report that he is
to marry Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt,.mother
of Countess Széchényi, is an invention.

He says he knew Mrs. Vanderbilt ten
years ago in New York, but has not renewed
the acquaintance since.

RAILROADS MAY SUBSCRIBE.

Will Not Be Prosecuted for Making Dona-
tens to Denver's Convention Fund.

DENVER, Feb. 9.—Railroads may sub-
scribe to the Denver Convention League
fund without liability of Governmental
complaint, according to a telegram received
by C. W. Franklin from C. A. Prouty of the
Interstate Commerce Commission.

The local committee thought it fair that
the roads entering Denyer should make
subscriptions, as well as Denver merchants.
The question whether such action could be
taken under the Federal law was then
raised and the Convention League com-
municated with Commissioner Prouty.

BIG BOOST IN ATLANTIC RATES,

Second and Third Class to Be 8% More
Than Before Cutting Began.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tug Sun.

Liverpoo., Feb. v.—An official circular
received by the agents of the Atlantic steam-
ship lines taking part in the London confer-
ence announces that a three years agree-
ment has been concluded in reference to
passenger rates to the United States and
Canada.

Third class rates will remain at the same
figure; first and second class rates will be
20 shillings, or $5, higher than the rates pre-
vailing before the war started. These rates
will prevail the year round, excepting on
the Canadian lines, which can reduce their
winter rates.

The rates on the Lusitania and Maure-
tania will be higher than on other steamers.

WHEN THE GAS WEAT OUT

In Several Houses the Police Hustied Out
and Probably Saved Some Lives.

The gaslights in the Greenpoint avenue
police station, Brooklyn, suddenly went
out early yesterday morning and Lieut.
Kohlman, who was behind the desk, caused
an investigation to be made, and it was
disclosed that gaslighta in many dwellings
and stores on Manhattan avenue had be-
come extinguished as the result of the ex-
treme cold.

Kohlman hustled out the reserves and
had them visit stores and dwellings and
warn tenants of their danger. In several
cases persons were found who already
were affected by the escaping gas.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TO RAISE TEACHERS SALARIES.

Chicago te Give More Pay to 4,000 In
structors in the Hope of Relieving Scarcity .

Cuicaco, Feb. 92.—A general increase in
the salaries of Chicago elementary school
teachers, beginning at an 1® per cent. raise
in the pay of the lowest salary group, is
announced.

The increase will affect about 4,600 teach-
ers and is expected to relieve the scarcity
of teachers which is crippling the work
of the schools.

FAIL TO WRECK SOLDIER TRAIN,

Ties Placed on Wrong Track Smash the
Locomotive of a Freight Train.

Jo.ier, Tl., Feb, 9.-What is believed to
have been a deliberate plot to wreck the
nta Fé fast mai), varrying two coach-
loads of United States soldiers from Chicago
to Kansas City, failed through the mistake
of train wreckers who placed obstructions
on the gastbound track instead of on the
westbound early thie morning.

A number of ties were placed on

 

 

 

the

bridge over a small creek a mile north of |

Lockport and an effort was made to pry
up a rail. An easthound freight train
ran into the obstruction and the front of
the engine was smashed

 

 

PITTSBURG BROKERS INDICTED,

 

Whitney . Stephenson and Fickeisen Charged
With Embezing 82 200.
Pirrssreu, Feb Two
each charging embezzlement, have
found against George I.
Stephenson and Irwin \.

aon, formerly Pittaburg’s leading brokers
now in bankruptey
returned secretly.

The amounts involved in the charges are
small, aggregating only $2.°00, and {1 is
expected that the cases will be settled
without. court trial. The cherges were
made two months ago, just after the failure
of the firm, by Ward 9. Snyder and were
kept secret. Snyder alleges that he d:-
posited $2,300 with the firm to buy stock in
the American Hide and Leather Company
and the Southern Rattway Company. He
declares the stock was purchased, but in-
stead of being turned over to him was use:
by the firin as collateral on loans., The
crash came and the stock, it is said, is now,
with other assets of the firm, in the re-
ceiver'’s hands.

HAVANA WELL PLEASED.

Hope Public Works Arranged For by Gov.
Magoon Willi Empty Cuban Treasory.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tas Sux

Havana, Feb. 9.—-The announcements
cabled here from Washington of the settle-
ment of various important questions long
pending create genera] public satiafaction.
The carrying out of the various projects
which have now been definitely settled
upon will involve large expenditures of
money, and this emphasizes fact that
when the Americans leave the island there
will not be much money in the treasury,
the country’s income for several years
following having been expended in advance.

The United States will doubtless find a
way to compe] the Cuban Government to
carry out the public improvement pro-
gramme. There is no better preventive
of revolution than an empty treasury.
the Government no money in 1906 it
is pable there would have been no revo-
lution; at any rate, it would not have come
60 800Nn.

JEALOUS OF HER FIRST SPOUSE.

Husband Finds Wife Kissing Dead Man's
Picture and Kilis Herand Himself. «
Ricumonp, Ky., Feb. 9.—Alvin Hewby

thiewnorning shot and killed his wife, Fanny,

and then fired a bullet into his own head.
sony was 27 years old and hie wife was

24. Both had been married before.

Their servant girl says that the couple

quarrelled at breakfast. When Newby

went out his wife from her trunk

ef —- 4

ae

=

 

  

waa 4
ea wh 3

indietments, |
been |
Whitney, F. L. |
Fickeison, com- |
Mr. Murphy is pretty sure to be | posing the late firm of Whitney *& Stephen- |

The indictments were |

ee

 
   

|
|
|

' PRESIDENT ANSWERS CHARGES

NO PATRONAGE USED IN
OF TAFT’S CANDIDACY.

 

AlD

 

Sach Newspaper Accusations. He Says,
Come From Those “Whose Partisanship
pulows and = Untruthful’—But Mo
Cuts Out the Shorter and Ugiler
Term—Letters Revised in Cold Blood.

Wasuinoton, Feb. 9.—In a long letter
written to William Dudley Foulke of Rich-
mond, Ind., President Roosevelt avoids
the use of the shorter and uglier word in
denouncing the widespread statements
that he has made use of his power of ap-
pointment to further the Presidentia] can-
didacy of Secretary Taft. This letter,
which was made public to-night, is a doou-
ment of comparatively mild rhetorical ex-
pression, much milder, in fact than a
previous letter on the same subject to Mr.
Foulke. Apparently the original letter
was regarded by the President's advisers
as not entirely suitable for the perusal
of the country at a time when there was
a disposition to regard the language of
his recent specfal message as unnecessarily
intemperate. So the President, it is sup-
posed, gave way to cooler judgment and
rewrote his letter to Mr. Foulke, the re-
written version being that presented below.

On January 31 Tar Sun printed a Wash-
ington news despatch in which it was aaid
that the President had written a letter to
a close friend in Indiana, supposed to be
William Dudley Foulke, denying that he
had misused Federal patronage in Mr
Taft's behalf and characterizing this charge
as “an unqualified lie.” In the rewritten
or revised letter to Mr. Foulke, dated Feb-
ruary 7, the longer and prettier expression
that the charge “is both false and mali-
cious” is used. There is evidence from
the late date of the communication signed
by Mr. Foulke and made public to-day that
Mr. Foulke’s origina! letter was cither re-
written or redated.

Here is the correspondence given out at
the White House, beginning with the foi-
lowing letter from Mr. Foulke to Mr. Roog:-
velt:

FOULKE'S LETTER TO ROOSEVELT
RicHMOND, Ind_., Feb. 5, 1908,
The President ‘

Sir: On January 13 I laid before you an
article in the Indianapolis News |a paper
supporting the candidacy of Mr. Fairbanks},
accusing you of using the Federal patronage
to secure the nomination of Mr. Taft and
naming the post offices in particular. I
spoke of the fact that certain Taft men hed
been nominated in, Ohio, and you answered
that that was true, that you would be very
weak if you allowed the power of appoint-
ment in that State to be used “only” a6 @
means of attack upon the Administration.

On my return home 1 observed other
articles making similar charges in various
papers, for instance the following in the New
York Evening Post of January 16:

“We are now getting dally lessogs in civil
service reform from the White House which
ought to attract national attention. The
appointment of Taft workers to post offices
in Ohlo and of the totally unfit George W
Wanmaker as appraiser of this port is new
followed by the President's refusal to re-
appoint a good Hughes man as Collector
of Customs at Plattsburg.”

On January 17 an article charging you with
similar abuse of the patronage appeared in
the Indianapo.is Stor, @ paper aiwo support -
| ing Mr. Fairbanks and reputed to be owned
| principally by Mr. Daniel G. Reid, a gentle-
man representing important Wall Street
interests. This article I enclosed in a letter
to vou, in Which FT said:

“No man”ean be a more unqualified sup-
| porter of Mr. Taft than If, yet 1 realize tha:
any Use of the patronage to oid him, especially
i if coercion can be implied, is likely to miure
| you very serious! Phe use of any publie

oMec for thia purpose is fraught with great
‘anger and subjeet to unanswerable eriti
cist,”
To this vou answered on January 19
Will you produce the name of a singi«
man whom | have coerced or influenced; wilt
| you wive me the name of avy official who baa
heen controlled by threat of dismissal
implied threat of dismissal or from whom |
have demanded support for Taft? In short.
| Will you give me one particle of justification
for the fears you expressed? Name the man
whow T have removed because he was not
for Taft or (threatened to remove because he
Was not for Salt You eannot do so and,
you eannet, Why do you not repeat this
challenge to the newspaper in question. a
sert that their words are absolutely false and
challenge them to make good?’

| accordingly wrote to the far, asking if
to name a single case of the coercion referred
fo in its previous issues. It published an
answer to my letter bat failed to namé an‘
instance of the kind. 1 then wrote agein
| calling attention to this failure and askine
if | were not forced to conclude from its own
silence that its own charges were absolut elw
without foundation. This second letter,
however, it would not publish, though it
still continues to repeat its general charges
of abuse of the patronage.

‘These charges also continue to be cires-
lated by other newspapers in all parts of the
country. ‘bus the boston Herald of 2+ nuary
20 save

“Federal officeholders mav be commana 4
to use their influence and their authority in
behalf of a candidate Such a command
has been issued and the President should
know of it. Somebody has instructed post-
masters that they muet obtain from their
subordinates either their resignations or
their pledges of support for Taft delegates
| to the convention. Even in Massachusetts

efforts of this kind have recently been made.
but happily they have been stopped, partly
because the postmasters on whom the at-
tempts were made have the courage to re-
sist, and partly from other causes.”

In view of these reiterated complaints
would not a detailed statement of your re-
cent appointments, the men by whom thay
were recommended, your reasons and the
principles upon which you have acted in
| making them, as well a8 4 statement in re-

Nee avant i
a

gard to the alleged coercion, be the best

method of exhibiting the facte? Yours re-
| spectfully, WILLIAM Duper Fouag.

To this letter Mr. Roosevelt sent th-
following response:
THE P RESIDENT'S LETTER TO FOULKE.
“February 7, 10s.

“My Deap Mr. Fou.ke: ‘phe statement
that [ have used the offices in the effort
to nominate any Presidential candidate ia
both false and malicious. It is the usual
imaginative invention which flows from a
desire to say something injurious. Re-
member that those now making this accusn -
tion were busily engaged two months ag»
in asserting that I was using the offices to
secure my own renomination. It is the
j ae eee = for the next few
; mon e. joular
+ will be used until eupetse. ’ Seer on

 

  

or {

 
 

 

<r