BETTER GOING INLAND]
ON NEW HAVEN WAY,

 

Conditions

Road on
Route Reported Bad

hy A. C, A,
NOSTON TRIP TS COVERED

eet ere

Shore

 

Observer on Club Car Tells Just
Where Surfaces Are
Bad or Rough,

nn mel

 

 

 
 

 
  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

New York's

 

: ———— jHitthe restdential settlements, to Westwood | pogime The new Lorter partners hegin
1 Now come Hillsdale,  Wooedru Pearls ony Mune d
on LL "IN, Iitidge, Montvale and Pearl River. Leave Houpt left the Alea only theo monthe
MI IONAIRE DRIVER I ing Vearl River the route leads through | ag, In the early dave of automobilin
| Hl 1 th ar} ®
; | Nanuet, Monsey, Suffern and Ramapo too je had the Thomas ine and made that
Vattrraon Named as Rellef on the | ‘Tuxedo. 5 Joar one of the most popular high priced
: e route ne smncinue hrough Ar- nehines tt «ol It was two yeara
Mercedes-Kuight He Enters, Feo eee a ee ee rena pinachines in the etts a y
; ; _ den, Central Valley, Highland Millis, Wood-) qeu that heewent with the Aleo. He wae
Phe jist of “milllonitre drivers’ of aute. | bury, Mountatoville and Vatis Cate TO pecnonaibte for many changes there, not
Mobiles has been enriched by another ade | ) Newburgh Leaving Newburgh the route’ 4, fy the business organtgation but in
: tm according to report from the is along the Hudson River through Milton. tie destin and appearance of the car It-
Ndlanapolls speedway management t Highland, Ulster Park and several other! case ay) tending to assist in the expansion
may be onty fair to say that a millionaire stnall farming towns to Kingston bof the business
driver doesn't mean a oman who drives | At Kingston the reute swings to the Hloupt and Van Patten will take over
millions, but ane of some wealth who | hteft and takes a southwesterly direction. lay, five storys Lozier building at Beoed-
handies racing ears BoC Batterson of | | Dewving this p the run is made throug woye and Piftweeinth street, whieh is fully
)ehiewwe qualities as ano om. do tnot doctor | Marbletown, Milenville, Wurtshora, Cudde equipped and has a stock of parts, ae
eto omedioine, but milllonatre driverd ty | hackville, Crodeffros’<s and Thu ‘Phe sales territary ineludes Grester New
hang himself as rellef driver of a Mer \ Port Jervis Port Jervd M5 ut York, with Staten (sland, long Istand.
cedes Wight that will compete in the iYaee situated the Junetion of the Aes New Vork State aus fur ae and including
HOO nile raee on May 80 VWilette, a Hel | lersiuk and Delaware rivers ; Poughkeepete, the northern half of New
Kian, will drive the car, which was en Leaving Port Jervis the motorist goes Jersey and the western part of Con-
tered by Patterson and should he feel} through Tri-State, Sourh Centerville, State neetteut
the need ef laving off a few rounds Pat. | LAT and Denton te Goshen Now the run
terson will tale lis plac: ‘ is through Cheater, Greyeourt, Monroe
. ! Viarriman and Arden te Tuxeda ; MOTOR CHAPEL READY TO GO.
{f the winner of the 500 mile race has ! The route trom Tuxedo is made Ml -
a car equipped with a Rayfield carbureter Ramapo, Surert at oe sas deg au ling Reen Dedicated to Wisstonary
he will get a stiver and gold punch bow! a ee ie ie ee 4. i ae ie rene ne W, 7 nwhat Work tn Tensas.
worth $2,000 and $1,000 in cash as at Litany ere iw the Alco motor
ria This is offer by the makers o c) f te ores Torace Ron. ! é With special services e oC
priae. This ts d he makers of | amber of mmer Horace A ; Starting Crank Not Vee All in.’ chapel St Deter has just been publiets
Rasfleld carbureter j ne general manager of the Board of : : d “dl Chicago, und is now reads
a f et crank las not) dedtes ' nicage,
wai | Trade, Is assistant general manager of The need of the sta ‘ NOs Te Ee z ville, Tex. where it
The Nvberg six evitnder ear whic ' y he a heen destroved by the coming of the self for iis trip to Brownaville, ,
k n a) h the new organization, great to the satis 1 y id f
larry Endieott will drive has attained | oe : ; farting SVSTeEMs Now tn use on such a will carry religion to the wilderness 6
la speed of ninhetystwo miles an Hani: ih patton f his many friends Loge number of automobiles In faet to the Southwest. A large gathering joined
i vere ine - ‘ les 3 1 i
practice spins or “the track Endicott aes | © trathicdepartinent rormains inehorge | one the motor by turning jooever by hand ‘in the services, which were conducted on
peets that it will go far better than that | — Ve, J. 8 Marvin and the commereial (isonet the only use for the starting ihe Jawn ne : pers Me eakt
. . x sath cue mally one wants te time Bishop yougmherty r Ate! S
and has taken it back to the factory at vehi lcle work in charge of Hh Wo Pert jerar Ooccastona
lth ~~ or ‘feel » COMPressiON OF nreache e Singing was by the
Anders: yyosorme supplement . woe . ate 1) He added. 4 he valve or ‘feel the compression or preached the sermon
me FROM ES , 1 nentary work Harroun (ie ts (iood Mile went al To Perry's department will | ese turn the flywheel nrourmd ose that the Chicaga Catholic College chotr.
<etinisch a bureau of BUMS: with particular ret latch case ean be cleaned and drained The hape hie i bullt for the
an : ’ ‘ as f eles i i » chapel, which was u Pr
; Hi nian wpolis An sRerent ss al- | Low Cost With Hi; | erence to the interests ef good roads. The | With the starting erank in iis tsnal place E@atholie Church Extension Soclety by the
Otter Os, © an Zs to the Tsotta- | 1 ‘ th | , . x Of 1 " + »
‘ ° s iffieers of the Chamber of Commree with lar the front of the motor this ean be Aierican Locomotive Company, is the firat
Frasehini 36 racers that are on their way | New Deviee. \e Fa ; "y 2 Fr ¢ . . 4
over here The frst number is Harry | th committees thus far appointed are: done,” says G. A. Tisdale, Franklin dealer iotor propelled chureh in America. 1
; " aft’ eee Na “iifean, wresident; Wilfred «. fe.) here carries all the ecclesiastical equipment
Grants, the second etzlaff's and the) Charies CMe ' : ' noo in a church, tnelydl
third that of Vincenzo Trueceo, the Itallan i Hugh Chatn ° ; : commoniy found in a church, tncluding
iciver; who t helnelt dhav oneal t thi } Ray Harroun, winner of the Sa om le na aoe , ba ; ici | Detaware Water Gap Routes. aechminodations for the two. priests Whe
‘ er, mois cine e ear ” s | ; r \ 2 .
country The Isotta reo veuatintives here | Pace tn 1911, recently made a carbureter | departinen ? “ : ae ; ih ur Sarre Those gang ta Delaware Water Gap! will live mn the car during tts journeys
: sottu 7 * i ’ mn charge ¢ be commerctal veri depart ae ; : A <a
have selected as their racing colors, red | test of kerosene fn a cross-country pe eReOtt tea catat Bree dent in ceharge (via ‘Tuxedo and Port Jervis are advised among ranches and in other spapsely
and green in order to get close to the] from Chicago to thdianapolis and on \3 of the electri epariment, George by the A.C. A, touring department to #0) settled regions
Italian colors | the Indianapolis Kpeedwas tn his teat|* oar er 1 GC hapi a wecre ary ls ither via the Forty-second street ferry ——
re Sea ets rein at ominat te ( neh, id Balls Ferry read through Ridgefield ’
3 a ip | Harroun used an Overland, model 69-T, | Van \. (Me Kittredge, a ne uP aver the 180th street ferry, Fight Million Spark Plage Useq.
Stront on Tuspection Tour. | five passenger touring car with four eyd- | 74 mmittes-fieorge Pope, HO! through Fort Lee and Englewood. By fo!- More than 8,000,000 spark plugs arN
George HH Strout, Just appointed gen-|,inder motor, 4x4%: iuches and weighing | smith “Wilfred @) heland : i _ J lewing these alternates motoriats will) made, sold and used in this country every
eral sales manager of the Haynes, wasli with load 3.389 pounds He also used ffi " as Vote Pops, We E lavoid the stretch closed on account of | year, according to Charles &. Miller, the
here recentivy on a tour of the campany's| one of the new earbureters on whieh he Mee ata bie (CH HTtTt Caaooat Guen aon sane) uction between Leonta and Hacken- | equipment man. They sell ail the way
branches and dealers the Past ‘For has been workine for the fast two vears, js vot we : sack Tne Morristown reute ta the Gan trom 50 cents up to $1.25 apiece. The
the 13 season.” he said, “we have uit designed to use kerosen snoter fuel The next meeting of the hoard er divrece |as well as the Vonipton-Newfoundland, standard size, he says, is a plug threaded
more cars than ever before in our history In travelling the mifesoot all kinds lors will b 'dout the ussaetation'’s ofteeas |; sute iS now in fatrly sood condition with) with eighteen threads, covering seven-
doour entire output will be sold somefof roads between Chicage and Indian-een June 4. jthe exeeption of one or two strips eighths of an inch
time abead of July 1 which ends our fiscal) apolis Mr Harroun used thirteen gations |
: of kerosene, testing at 43 degrees Kaume,
The enthusiasm of our branch man- ; three pints of oii and two quarts of water
age rnd dealers whom T tave seen ia Ata verage speed of twenty mil
very ¢ MUraging The Hity s eur ist hour the result shown was te)
HIVIDN gkenberal satisfaction evervwherer, | gallon of kerosene, FoR miles a gul
{1 prediet unusually good times ahead) ot! and 448 2 miles a gallon of
of t 1 wh warmer than when gasoler

iuayv to New Ila Sprig.
Woreestes ~ better than the

e, it reported Dy an observer
wloearoof the Automobile Clib of
just returned from run te
at Leaving New York city. the
stomatnis of all good asphalt
Cirand Concours From there on
Rois very goud to Fordham sts
vert ostretel of rather poor

urnte Pelham avenue
Parkway ts followed inte New |
rom) this pliee the imetorist |

fomuch poor road, and will fina .
y make detours most of the the view (8 that of the rend

y ty Port Chester bile ¢ + Which recently wan ope

! t Chester, tWenty-five miles out
: Vork «cfts, the balanee of the fn the clrele is al nthe entrance
New Paver a distance of forty — >
! well he found practically all i
sdamr With the oxeeption of a
rt worn stretches east of Stam-
{oo64d 4 necessary detour just beyond
dng sven toe SOMETHING TO EXAMINE
Rost Pest Road. running inland over
‘ good roads to Berlin Corners From —
i distance of abow® twelve miles,
tony | ‘ {a . ° : ‘ ‘
' itewed to Neatitora, Th my | Wood in’ Spokes Should Be
river rom UWartfort ts tol
the run nh ‘as ev falr macadam Looked Into by Purehasers,
wh the read ts under eon .
" Howeve the thoroughfare ts Savs Dale.
wide at this pla ind the motorist
tenee Tittle ditheulty in nega

t e the ctreteh under construction | '
tos ven rites entering Spring Aside from asking what the ieth of

‘ Ye found te be worn and rough [the wheelbase of a car is. and the cim!
eether with the rectfon of the |diameters, most motorists pac very little |

no the vieinity c& ae an the attention to the wheels of an automa. |
mortises ’ j ly he .

: 2 zthat will ie touka ch the trip bile In discussing this subject a few |
Springfield tle @e¢ortst will en- | daye neo, John GG. Dale of the Sunplex |
ayoexeelient toe? rough «a most ! Automobil Companys, remarked : “It;

t valley, wh. vr suns beautiful | motortst« realized the importance of wheel |
ses ef the Chiop ee and Quebaug feonstruction and how tt is related to the

may he had & nese rivers follow general construction of an automebite. |

t aM cadet pete ie accor | the y Would at least find out what kind of
above conditions ok st practioalls all ae ie PRESR Are MADR OF Weare buy

pom J 4 ou

toa Wareester The only eauss “The spoke and felloe constrnetion |

plant on this part of the trip ts She LF (he. Mose Vital “Nolita: connected:|

t the towns Which are passed through ork automobile building ; In fact, the

{oto de ther share toward making lwhents are the foundatior Lihone whint

’ re run a complete Joy, having | the rest of the tah ataade, aS, Fewirat

beglected to improve the short btretehea | hears of second growth, whielt has |

fy der thetr Jurisdiction heen dubbed ‘the steel of woods! has
in the Jast section of the route trom | per dA othe best sort of wood Suitable

Xv to Boston the motorist will find lfor Wheel construction and the wheels of |

Si per cent good macadam road, the bal- all the Simplex cars have twelve heavy |

being some whit worn and reugh in |4 encoast hicks ry spokes for beth front |
thes Magnificent Commonwealth | ayq pear sizes i |
followed over twelve miles of “Demountauble rims are pars of the Stm- |

sreilent macadam right into the centre of | pies ears equipment and these are

Reston mounted by the Phineas-Jones Company
shore route te Boston has been of Newark, one of the oldes? tirma in the |

iz escriped in the above as far | country. This concern also makes our
New Have Just bevond New Haven wheels
tt ast Hl noline the road is closed, 1 nave not'ced, as have yothers, thae!
' inaking a detour Nee-) ater a bad skid or smashup, where tne |
sary to B t Bevond Guilford 4n- |ronning gear is injured, certain makes of
ether detour is tuade over #& good stone) cosy are found to nave more than on» kind

, te Wes ’ Agaig at Old Lyme fae wood in the sume wheel In fact, f

¢ ism over por sandy roads |/eaw a wheel on a high priced car broken
1 Niantic to New Lon-|ieme time ago when the car sild into a
curb, and three aifferent kins of wood
N ! 1 f poor ae ( found tn that wheel A part of
6 and { ' encoy Was sors 1 alas '
rae ait miles, then { gravel], He NAGA lined Mati
iowill be found ' Ju \ree the ens '
reaching t ts Leet u litt repi Thy deel make ' ‘ t, ny 1 a q tv +) oh

\ s being done work will be le, g first class hickory 1 it
-d within «a short time At Wuake- te quite 4 mable that the 1 would

f he motorist has a chotee of taAhing [yet hay brok Wad fe Veon mace

et route to Wickford via the Tower |@rce cliss it 1 throne? t sit
24d, which ts all good macadam, OF lags almost ut dead stor hen the w }
g the shore road, which ts longer Parucik the curt

ard voes pot furnish as good going. This
ute, however, passes through Naire | ——— --—— _
1+ THer and Saunderstown, the lat-

Peing the point at which a boat Hauls_ |
taken for Newport
ng Wickford, the run is through

  
 

 

}
rowccence, the capital of Rhode Tstand
Pawtocket and Wrentham to Wal |
r" 4s over this portion of the trip w in|
vd to furnish a variety, from excel-
CROAT to very poor stretches |
. however, will furnish fair trave
re Walpole a little construction
pnoountered ; then some wor
iat dam to Dedham, From
} part system will be
rt s soniewhat eamplt-
motorist! Ww enjoy thor:
t art of the seenery
Ve drives encoun.
ven mile run into Boston

100 HUPMOBILES A DAY,

Production te Going On at Good

Rate, Saye Hastings.

a4 shipping 190 Hup-
“pat id c Dp. Hastings,
of Wupp Motor Car
new factory mansger
who has been connected
to business sinee the days of
entered our organization
since then has been mak-
increasing Hupmobile
additions have been
‘oo our factory th the last year and
Viant now pearly double the size
then The Wupmobdile fuctortes
rise nt the present writing more than

> oe feet of floor space.”

apaper

\ .
lar

for Aetive Psed Car Season,

Iter Urishen Conmipans ~ mak-
number of 1402 and
Mai iments \ partieularly he

Npated for the next few

market for used cars

YY avy
avy

This

in a tog tractor

op place on the floor,

eee ae eeeneeeemete esas

ae ee ns ete ee nent - exeequeneenane

Peerless Men Tour in New

 

J, A,
President

Clark, sales manager of the

branch in a mew 60-6 touring car.

made bys

Hgroom in the

2

 

    
  

fat soe

   
 

 

 

 

 

  

-ogs Aboard to

the White Companys.

Model

THE SUN, SUNDAY, _MAY 18, 1913.

a

Manhattan Antomo-
Weat Fifts-ninth atrect.
the bntlding in whieh the clats ta, }

Peerless Motor Car Co. of New York, with Mdward Irving, vice-
and gcneral manager of the Peerless Company, on trip to visit seub-dealers of the New Yerk

“Newest Automobile ws lub

  
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
       

 

 

 

 

   

 

oe -

 

Carry Away

bas a nower winch which hauls the logs

The operation ta desctibed as nearly automatic,

—s

used the motor was
heated in the run

On arrival in Indianapolis further tests
were ormiace four different fuels being
used These were kerosene testing 43
degrees, kerosene testing of degrees, mo
for spirits testing 62 degrees and gaso
lene testing 60 degrees On the firet qual
ity of kerosene «a mileage of 22.2 a gal
lon wos attained Gasolene produced
only twenty miles a gallon The cost
of Kerosene, eight cents a gallon, was
exactly one-half of that of the gasolene
Tn ton miles 4 gallon kerosene was again
again the winner, showing 26.64, as
against 24 with gasclene, The cost a ton
mile figures show .0029 cents for kero-
ene and .0067 cents for gasolene. The
cost a mile for kerosene was shown to
be 6038 cents and for gasolene .008 cents

Tf the results of Mr. Harroun's test
can be taken as a criterion u new era
can be looked for in moter fuel produe-
tion The former racing driver is plan-
ning to seek official recognition for his
carbureter by entering the same Over-
Jand car used in these tests in the fuel
economy section of the Algonquin hill
elimb. He further plans to enter the
Overland and two other cars in the Chi-
cago-Boston non-motur stop reliability
race to be held tn July under the auspices
of the Chicago Automobile Club. In case
these entries are made nothing but kera-
sene will be used for fuel

| Self-Starters on Their Old Care,

Many automobilists ure having their
cars equipped with the Hartford self-
starting and lighting system, the company
reports. One point of this electric self.
ecranker ts that it can be applied to any
ear, and thus makes old machines tnto
up to date modols,

in no way over-

| CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
"FORMALLY IN CHARGE,

| Sueceeds to Affairs of Other Ore
ganizations of Motor Car
Manufacturers,

| The Automobile Chamber of Commerce,
ithe single te two bodies of
| automobile makers, took charge last week
por the affairs of both preceding organiza-
tions. The Nutlonal Association of Auto

| mobile Manufacturers and the Automobile

successor

 

Board of Trade no longer exist. The
Chamber of Commerce, which was incor:
porated on Mareh 18, will have all its
earn nts run us before, B.A] Miles,
| for ten years general manager of the
N. A. A.M, is general manager of the

    

 

 

     
  
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

1} 0 CURA A MAD a naoiaron—HOUPT AND VAN PATTEN
sgn TAKE ON LOZIER LINE

necording to Harrison Boyes, the
of the motometer, is to use a pickling solu
i made up of sulphuric acld or vitriol,

inventor |
|
the proportions used being about the sane
|
'

They Were Together in the Aleo

"A 10 per cent, solution will be found

 

to be strong enough for all purposes,” Concern and Boosted Rusi-
says he. “Mix with cold water by pour
ing the acid into the water slowly De | ness There,

hot reverse the process, as the effect would
Ye disastrous The solution should he
permited to cool before it is used tn
order to note how the sulphurte acid af

Although Harry 8. MHoupt was suppaeed

|fects the brass or copper of the radiator | to be done with the automobile busines«

Ito. Hine Contin Gi Freeh woletion. Joc te, are St Shen he resizned re.

| When it hegina to run clear the work rea thi ntly as sales manager of the Alco and
leompleted, and the radiator should then } Went with an elevator concern hls ¢o

}be flushed thoroughly.” {version didn't take and he nas returned

on lto the MHne of business in which he has

TWO DAY MOTORING TRIP. jattained most prominenee. Houpt didn’:
eamaneisentti j feel happy out of the inotor car business

| Journey Over Good Ronda ta Onte | Ve has taken on the Dozier line for the

New York territory, the arrangement hav-

| ‘
| lined by A.C. A. ing been completed by Joseph M. Gilbert

 

Fer those motoriats who want to spend | the new president of th Lagier eom-
Va couple of days tourtng the Automobile!) pany, and Paul Smith, sales manager
hedub oof Amertea has prepared a route Houpt js not molng in ta this deal
through an attractive seetion of New laingle handed by any means We hae
York and New Jersey Koad conditions | aasoetated with himeelf TL. A. Van Patten,
vlong this route will be found good and | for the lust two vears advertising mann-
ood hetel accommodations are available) ger of the Alea. who Will be vice-president
jut several towns, land sales manager of the new Lontey

From New York, Broadway ts followed | house Putting into the retall fleld locally
to the 130th street) ferry Landing atla man with the experience and abiitty tn
Edgewater the Shore road {s followed up| national advertising that Van Patten has
| Mort lee Hill te Port) Lee, then thelis hound to have a stimulating effect on
Hae ‘kensack turnpike to Leonla Leaving’ the trade dn high priced cars in New York
Leonia the route Is along the Hackensack | Van Patten, as the writer of Alco copy,
(iver through Cherry Hill River Bdge.) was Houpt's teammate in increasing the

| New Milford, Oradell and Etna, all pretty | Ajeo business 366 per cent.

during thelr

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EDWAR

Lanchester
Springs

oe
aS ny
z

ea ees
SNCRnGS

DISTINCTIONS
\onderful Knight Engine

Demountable Wire Wheels

Two Universal Joints on
Drive Shaft

Left Hand Drive

Centre Control

* — Electric Horn
Complete Accessories

        
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
     
     
    
    
   
     
       
   
 

he Talk of New York

circles is the wonderful new Edwards-
Knight car—the car which Motor Age
says is a “specially designed machine
from radiator to rear axle, incorpo-
rating within its make-up more of the
recognized European features of con-
struction and’ the most advanced
American practices than any other
domestic car to-day.”

  

Before you close on any car you should give the

Edwards-Knight

a critical chassis examination and a practical road demon-
stration. You should investigate the remarkable flexibility
of ite wonderful Knight Motor—you should experience the
charm and comfort of riding over Lanchester Springs, the
springs that have made shock absorbers unnecessery—you
should give wire wheels a cobblestone road test and note
how gloriously they float over the bumps—you should know

DS - KNIGHT

Cantilever Rear

Position rorespiaah Pressure why we claim it to be “the greatest of all car values.” '
.U0rication
/ US.L. Electrical Lighting and == SEE THIS DISTINCTIVELY 1914 CAR

Starting System

We'll gladly afford you the opportunity of a most critical
investigation if you will but drop inte our magnificent show
rooms at any time any day—or phone for special demonstra.
tion appointment.

   

4 forme Prive freer Aile 4
Ce Clut

Gaia The Edwards Motor Car Company

Power Tire Pump SHOWROOMS, «TH FLOOR, U, 8S. RUBBER BUILDING,

Extra Wheel

58th STREET and BROADWAY
NEW YORK CITY.

f Newark Branch, 200 Central Ave.

i

*

  

re 01 ae

FIVE PASSENGER TOURING CAR

$3 500 COMPLETELY

EQUIPPED

 
 

 

ot rs

ee ean mete ome

ee

a