Commercialized vice has been pu
Thia ia the way Mayor Blankenburg ia

new

ice

It concerns every city which is try
Thia article describes the conditi:
reaulia so for attained,

‘ — -

HE old gentleman in broad

who stands atop the Philadelphia

City Hall gazing off into space
and the Tenderloin may be grinning sar-
donicall? for aught any one knowa.
sible very late at night, when even Phila-
delphia is asleep, Father Penn deserts
his aerial sentry box to buzz with Gossip

 

Pos-

Ren Franklin down by the post office |

in Chestnut street. Certainly enough
that ia contrary to their experience has
happened in the past year or ao to war-
rant at least a wink in the dark.

The old gang that ruled and robbed
in Philadelphia for so many years, that
conducted a system of silkhatted and
frockcoated grafting compared to which
fammanrv’s was childlike and respectable;
the old gang that could make ten votes
loom where only one blossomed before

{e flat on its back and its wails can be |

beard any clear evening from Ogontz
1) the League Island Navy Yard.
irda ane little, their tail feathers litter
Kread street from one end to the other.
hven Henry Clay the Dictator,
ho. was accustomed to roar at honest
men in his Public Safety office almost |

|

|

Clay

under William Penn's pinnacle, has been
‘ailed asa niain thief
4 fine old man with a brave and honest

|
sits now |

eart, Rudolph Blanken burg,
» the Mavor’s office attempting in his
four vears to stem a tide of viciousneas |
that has heen running for fifty. And al-
ready the gang chiefs are persuading |
soine of the so-called best people to sneer
to belittle his efforts and to
idicule his methods. And there are
thousands who are pessimists because |
they have lived so long in Philadelphia.
Where good works are concerned gloomi-
ness isa halit over there,
No wonder Father Penn's lip curls.
But this can be taken asa fact: if Phila- |
and contented, as her

at his work

is

‘eipnia is corrupt
wn people have averred, Rudolph Blank -
is going to find it out and means
i the responsibility where it belongs
-on the shoulders of the p eople.

On jhe nicht, some eighteen months

when the gang in the City Hall al-
+ dared to count Blankenburg out;
the grafter, stopped the elec
returns and 15,000 people in Broad

began to think about ropes and
as they did back in 19%
n Council crooks wanted to give the
the United Gas Improvement

the old German who, on the
» of redeeming the city he loved,
jad turned his back on the serenity and
rest he had earned, made a vow. He
backed it with ail of the devoutness in
him, and Blankenburg is deeply religious.
He said to one of hia best friends:

“Let ua not blink at the truth. Phila-
delphia is rotten to the core. Back of all
erafting, treasury looting and political
dishonesty is commercialized vice. Back
of the thieving political bosses are the
men who traffio in immorality. I am
going to find a way to end commercialized
vice {n this city or I shall admit my ad-
ministration has been a failure.”

There were many who emiled intol-
erantly when the newly elected reform
Mayor threw down the gauntlet to the
problem of the ages.
more who frown impatiently now. The
Blankenburg scheme of quarantining vice,

ent

ad
vg

when i lay

ampnoata

 

\layor Blankenburg
ing All Illegal R

Big

There are many |

THIRD SECTION
TWELVE PAGES

y

t under quarantine in Philadelphia.
trying to fulfil his vow to improve con-

ditions in the city. Carried out on eo large a acale the erperiment is entirely |

ing to find a remedy for commercialiecd
ng which led to the quarantine and the

 

woman

| thieves caine running to their work as
) repeaters from their lairs, paying their
{debts to their masters.

| Such as these had made decent gov-
erninent impossible He knew that the
doctors were concerned over the spread
, Of disease. He knew that there was a
systematic business of exhibiting vicious-
ness to children
were petty grafters and that some of the

, police magistrates were dishonest and | the practical person and made an end to |
of | the vice squad.

the constant associates “socially”

 
  
 
  
  
   
    
 
  
   
    
   
       
  
 
 
  
      
       
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

| 4

r

Se

eoerce D.
scttr. Directs
of Public Safety

riginateor the
2 Quararitine

members of vice syndicates And he
realized, What was even worse, that tens
of thousands of good mnen and women
in Philadelphia shrugged their
shoulders, thinking thera was no good
in trving to hetter conditions

merely

The Mayor sought for a fnan of ability
and integrity to head the Department
at Publie Safety “or Director he selected
Porter, who had been a lawyer
Mr Porter took hold with
<iasm For a

(aeorge |)
and a banker
bubbling ent!
that
instead of experience
that the police walked their posts ohortling
the while “Whata nice. lovely boy wea
have for a boss,” was the way they put
it. But they made the miscalenlation of

long time
vouthful enthusiasm had to serve

ind the result was

‘sav a kind word for hy

He knew that at election time |
brimmed hat and small clothes | When the bosses whistled the crooks and

forgetting all about the rugged, purpose |

ful old gentleman in the Mayor's office

As a result of the miscalculation about

| 400 have had to go back to their tradas,
| which inchided poliey ticket writing And
| Porter got experience. However, this isa
little inch or two ahead of the run of the

story.
When Rudolph Blankenburg summoned
| Mr. Porter along with other young busi-

| Ness men to help him give Philadelphia a !

| decent and honest administration he told
Porter to go ahead with all police and vice
| problems and to act as seemed right and
best, always with the main idea of clean-
ing up the town, The new Director had
theories of his own. He believed, for ex-
| ample, that some sort of regulation of
j commercialized vice, aome method of

| ‘
| apectacular raids that got columna in the
| papers next morning, much to theannoy-

supervising houses and dives was possible. |

{
|
|

He tried his hand first by ordering raids, | considerably,

 

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1919.—conn

—_
fown if Was some. |
thing like this
said. Bad as we are, we aren't in Phila
delphia's class ” Director Porter or

| Was exactly What it was, only worse, since |

 

Philadelphia Quarantining Commercialized Vice—New
Being Carried Out in Attem

Seeking to Clean Up the City by € er
W' Nesorts and Keeping Them Closed—
Segregation Tried and Proved a Failure

Unfair for the ministers and the public to
expect him to work a twentieth century
miracle. So he proceeded to regulate and
He was very caretul not to
his system segregation. Rut that

supervise

eall

the commercially vicious were concen. |
trated and enclosed within a restricted

selves hundreds of decent families and a! B0Ste Rodef Shalom; Miss Mary A. Burn-

very large number of children who were! ham, honorary vic e-president of the New |

Philadelphia Quarantining Commercialized
Vice— Japan Must Strike Now—
Real Estate—Financial—Poultry

oht, 1913, by the Sum Printing and Publishing Association.

| hie said

 

ee

Idea in Reform
pt to Improve Conditions in City

Mayor Has Called Upon 1,500,000 Citizens to Act as Quaran-
tine Guards—Appeal to People to Aid Unfortunate Women
Meets With Ridicule—Old Gang Busy Intriguing

“Well, there is this to be i distriet: whieh contained besides them. | Dr Henry Berkowitz, rabbi of the Syna- j mission got through there was no more to a committee of ministers, who will belp

hitn labor with the problem. Mr. Blank-

As strongly as words could be put the enburg believes that it ia Philadelphia's

’ 1 Ce » (' 7 Ds gs 7 . Yai . ‘ . hik . 4 e
ganized a view squad somewhat similar Pepidly learning all there was to know | Cemtury Club; the Rev. Joseph W. Coch leommission condemned the poliey of duty to look after Philadelphia's un

to the squads that gave polices officials

about the worst things in lite

in this city a chance to buy apartment Women and vile men mingied indis. | Of education; George H. Karle, banker (Mr. | Porter's “concentration” said

houses, He put in charge it a practi-
cal person who had had some experience
on the wise side of the game of policy.
This man was sent out to clean up the
jtown, No doubt it was a coincidence
| that while he had a free hand a notorious
|dive keeper became known as the king
| of the ‘Tenderloin. Curiously enough
| this dive keeper's places esc aped visita
jtions. ‘The man had the effrontery to!
| promise protection to others in his miser
fable trade
| When this state of afairs came to the

of

He knew that the police | ears of Mayor Blankenburig that honor. days

jable old gentleman promptly got rid. of

Director Porter gloomer
£

|
dealing with the (rst

Refer M ayor
Philsdelphia

having ™ been convinced 1
of the man's integrity. Porter blames a
certain newspaper publisher for the man's

of treating commerocialized immorality as {ance of the good gentlemen and ladies! downfall and his own embarrassment. |

 {t were the smallpox, of calling on| Who feel that it is rinful to blare their| He is right.

\,400.000 citizens to act as quarantine

Guards and of calling on the people to!

aid and employ unfortunate women has
enoountered ridicule and opposition. It
is @ brand new echeme and Philadelphia
frowns on innovations. Besides, the old

6ang {a busily at work intriguing, under- |

m'ning, poisoning the wells of public
Pinion

Father Penn winks at Father Ben, but

j city's shame abroad through the land.

The outcome of these raids wan just
what might have been expected in Phila-
delphia, Either the inmates received
warning in advance from a police force
eolicitous for their interests or else kindly
disposed magistrates turned the pris-
oners loose without ao much as a repri-
mand. Porter found that raiding as a
means of scotching viciousness was use-
less.

While thinking matters over, he turned

 

let thia be kept always in mind—Rudolph | his attention to gambling. He called on

Blankenburg is in earnest, with a patient,
methodical, enduring, German kind of

his uniformed officials for a listof all gam-
bling houses, He received a list that had
been prepared carefully by his predeces-

earnestness that can etand a lot of sneer- | sors in office, a list prepared by and for

‘1g and rebuffs. He may fail.

His | the benefit of practical men. Some of the

work may be undone if the gang slips | houses on the list had been out of business
into office two years and a half from now; for years. Others were inconspicuous

4n anciently corrupt bose driven and
epineless police force may be cool and

places. Others were checked with the
wrong addresses.
Porter pfomptly notified the police

hetray him. He admitted all of these | force that if he didn't have a bona fide ,real
possibilities so familiar to Philadelphia! and regular list inside of a week Phila-
to Tae Sun's staff correspondent the | de!phia was apt to have @ lot of brand new

other day. But he has resolutely set

absut to convert his city from the most |

corrupt into the cleanest of ita class,
He knew something in a general way

in detail by hie vice commission later
on. He knew that years of boss gov-
ernment had

policemen, He got the list. Then he
began raiding. He ordered every gam-
bler to keep his front door unlocked night

and day. Since that time, more than a! Broad street,
year ago, roulette, faro bank, poker and | and Sixth street
*hen he took office concerning the un- ,8uch other frivolities have been eliminated | houses here
speakable conditions that were disclosed |®8—Professional indoor sports. |
chased a good many stuss operators back | accumulated evil of
to New York's East Side and was actually |
successful in reducing all forms of gam- |
80 fostered and protected | bling in his city to a minimum. He!
commercialized vice that the dens and | showed the people that public gambling | almosi within a ston

resorts of his city were infinitely more | can be abolished in a big city.

vicious and their inmates more degraded
than those of New York or Chicago,
He knew that at least fifteen crooks clus-
tered around every evi) or unfortunate

He turned his attention back to vice, | diately be
to the dens and dives that had made! that since

Philadelphia notorious even in Chicago,
Whenever @ Chicago reformer wanted to

 

The publisher was able to
show Mayor Blankenburg some photo-
graphed documents that fairly took the
Mayor's breath away.

Well, the young director, just beginning |
to realize how much Gilbert «& Sullivan |
knew about the life of a policeman, tried
again. At the back of his mind he had
a theory about segregation. He fancied |
that confining commercialized vice to!
one district (a long time sullied district) |
might solve the problem. He sent for a
list of all resorts located outside of Phila
delphia's Tenderloin, the Kighth Police |
district. Once more he received a fake |
list. The police department had the
habit, you see, and it was hard to change, |
Once more Porter warned the lieuten- |
ants and captains that they would lose
their joba if they didn't locate and de- |
scribe every evil resort. where commer-
cialized vice flourished outside of the!
Tenderloin, When he got the list he shut }
up more than two hundred such places,

The result was that, as Porter had ex-|
pected and planned, the evicted inmates!
flocked to the friendly shadows of the|
Tenderloin, finding roost among their!
kind in the 700 odd dives in the district, |
which is, roughly, bounded ty North
Poplar street, Vine street
Driven from their
and there they rushed to the

 

 

Porter | ‘Venderloin und added their portion to the

that quarter. Sud-
denly 4,000 evil women and nobody, not
even the old ring bosses, knew how many |
vicious and degraded men were gathered
e's throw of City Hall
The Director of Publie Safety imimne-
Gan to experiment, He figured
hobody had ever beea able to
end the kind of vice which was particu-

larly infamous in Philadelphia, it was

a

; than Porter that he had made a mistake

| lem,

{ik that early in his iob he realized that |

| Mayor appoint a vice, commission which

critninately with the respectable for the | Farle resigned subsequently because of
fsimple reason that the police wouldn't differences with the Mayor); Mrs. Martha
permit the bad to dwell anywhere else! P
and the good were tied by circumstances | Of Refuge for Girls; the Rev. George H
Ito their homes | Ferris, pastor of the First Baptist Church;
, Then the director, having rounded up Samuel H. Fleisher of the firm OS: 2
band coralled the bad women and their |* B. W. Fleisher; Horace T. Greenwood,

wrote outs list manufacturer; Mrs. Edwin C. Grice,

| ASSOC iITeES

of rules de

 

lsigned to denature vice He ordered 4 ,

j resorts not to keep open after midnight pe ‘ harlew D, Hart . physician,
) No liaior was to be sold) There was to | Charles J. Hattield, physician; Charles
be no piano playing or other musie, | Py Jenkins. editor of the Farm Journal;

.
J. Perey Keating, lawyer; Francis A
Lewis, lawyer; Theodore J
jliredj.the Key

Houses were to be kept closed on Sun

 

Certaother roles dealt with dress Lewis,
Henry L. Phillips, areh-

and depo oriment - Ao
Mr. Porter tackled the world old prob- | deacon of the colored Episcopal churches

jlem with the earnestness of the first man
works of the first!
jdewil, But it didn’t take him long to find |
that his whole programme was wrong

Vicar-General of the Roman Catholic
diocese of Philadelphia; Frances A. Van
Gasken, physician, and Roy Smith Wal-
lace, secretary of the Society to Protect

His rules were broken. His police |, :

| gratted., Vommercialized vice flourished | Calldren from ¢ ruelty:

hand prospered it Was More notorious ! The commission went to work inm-
than before because Porter had con. | Mediitely, with no illusions as to the
centrated it, called attention to itshabitat, [size or character of its task It deter. |
advertised it, thrown a sert of police mined to study the problem of com-
protection over meretalized viee in all its phases and as-
| When the storm troke George po Deets: dnd to base its conclusions not
Porter, ifhehadn't been a very courageous, (UPON Prejudice -religious, moral or so-
well meaning and incorruptible young eutl butentirely upon facts as found

It made a contract with the American
Vigilance Ape

mat , would Dave tuber
enburg bv the hand and

Rudolph Blank-
“ids good day

 

{When Philadelphia starts in to roast a! investigators, men and women The
! public « ficial, and partionlarlya Direetor A Vo Nas the organivation which, under
of Public Safety. the odor of scorched the direction of Clifferd G. Roe ot Chi-
flesh is distinetiv perceptible News. C480, did so much to trap and punish
papers that had fought to eleet the re White shivers Then the vice commis-
lform ticket and had supported the Move r Men organized itself into committees,

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

and all his werks joined the opposition
They accused Porter of perhaps the
createst of all crimes—youth Ministers |
of the Gospel thundered from fifty pulpits. |
Citizens’ committees got together and |
adopted excoriating resolutions. Oh,
there’s no doubt that Father Penn up on
the City Hall treated himself to an extra
dry grin

Now the fact is nobody knew better

|
|
‘Talking things over with THe Sux re-|
porter a day or two ago he contided that |
he reAlized he might be putting his foot
in it, but he thought he was acting for
the hest. You see the size of the prob-
that puzzle as old as humanity, |
the problem of abolishing minim |
izing traffic in immorality, had caused |
him te run areund and around in circles, |

 

|

or

as older and more experienced men |
have legged it under similer cireum-| ene for each line of the task ahead of
stances |

}it. For five months it sent investigators
into almost every vicious den and dive
in Philadelphia It noted conditions
in the streets. It watched the parks
and public schools. It studied manicure
and massage parlors, moving picture
shows, employment agencies, dance halls,
QIMUSCTNONE paras, eXCUPSION
hoats, hotels every place where cam.
mercialized view had found lodgement and
and segregating the vice commission was thrived it investigated the. relations
seriously Gnd. se jentifically at work, [1 of the Magistrates and the police force
expressed Blankenburg's earnest desire! with vice
to wash Philadelphia white of its black-
est stains

The commission which
named a year ago was a
irrovation for his city. His predecessors
hadn't bothered with such luxuries
They didn't want the truth toe come out
Blankenburg did. He appointed twenty
one men and women, representing
hest elements in the communiiy

Perhaps the best proof of his sincerity

the task might }
wrote t

ve too big for him, 6o he!
o the Mayor suggesting that the |

should make a study of commercialized |
vice in Philadelphia and frame whatever.
recommendations it pleased And while |
Porter was groping and experimenting

factories,

{danger children were in. It studied the

| problem of disease, In short, it made the
most thorough inquiry into the evil that
has been made probably in any city at any
time

the Mayor
tremendous

When it produced its report afew weeks
aco all Philadelphia was shocked. tt
Jneiitied the siinple statement that Phila
delobia had become the most vicious civ
Am that nowhere else was such

The chairman was William Clarke Vice so openly feunted, ft furnished
Mason, a lawyer. Mr, Mason's associutes Nothing was left
were John Hampton Barnes, lawyer;

the

names and addresses,

\

. Falconer, superintendent of the House |

president of the Home and School Asso- |

re- |

in Philadelphia; the Rev. James F Trainor, |

lation to furnish trained ;

it gave special attention tothe |

“This condition has no parallel in ang
| other city, 80 far as we know, and our in-
vestigators, accustomed as they wera to

Painted | TO. secretary of the Presbyterian board | segregation, and in speaking of Director | fortunates

He doesn't believe that his

| city should send vice recruits to New

 

York or other metropolitan centres

But the problem of redemption and
care is AXtremely difficult and delicate.

the vice conditions of Chicago and New) Employers shrink from offering jobs.
York, were astonished at the open associa- | Many excellent people shrink, perhaps
| tion of the worst forms of vice and of inno- | naturally, from contact with such as have

cence’ and the certainty of contamination | heen in

| which must necessarily follow.”

| vice (the commission attempted to outline
no policy for suppressing all kinds of im-

morality) was indicated forcibly and |

clearly

“Police action against vice should he
confined strictly to the enforcement of
the laws. ‘The police have no other mis-

or peliee regulation, as a means of control
is a demonstrated failure.”

In short, the commission informed

the Mayor that the only way he could |
seven make a start toward cleaning up | Philadelphia.

Philadelphia was by closing all evil resorts
and dives and keeping them closed

The Mayor took the advice and passed
it along to Director Porter. Tha TDi-
rector cheerfully obeyed. On May 6 he
put in operation Philadelphia's tirst vice
quarantine. It was an interesting spec-
tacle. Every unsavory resort was noti-
fied to shut its doors. Porter put 100
| uniformed policemen in the Tenderloin,
calling them his quarantine guard

On every corner stood a policeman,
while between corners other policemen
paced to and fro. Callowhill, Noble,
Franklin, Perey, Darien and Willow
,streets, the worst thoroughfares of the
Tenderloin, swarmed with bluecoats
If a citizen attempted to enter a house

|

on which the ban had been placed a police- |

}man stopped him, saying merely, “You
can't enter. The place is closed.”

The Tenderloin was ringed and spotted |

with police

So far there has been only one case of
resisting the order.
district they are not permitted to return,
no matter what excuse they offer. So
that, even in seven days, Philadelphia's
Tenderloin has waned and faded. Hun-
| dreds of unfortunates have left the city.

, Many have applied to the Mayor for help. |

| Others fled to more respectable quarters,
hoping to find lodgment.
| On the night of May 5 the Tenderloin
'hummed with evil life. There were lights
feverywhere. The old fashioned briek
| houses gave out sounds of drunken mer-
riment. ‘The sidewalks were crowded.
; On the night of May 12, just a week tater,
a visitor might have thought that the
| district had been swept with the plague.
| Houses here and there were shuttered and
‘darkened. Some were boarded up. Few
| lighta were displayed. There was no tink-
| ling of piano anywhere, Few but police-
j}men paced the streets. As it looked toa
| man from New York the quarantine was
| decidedly effective.
It didn't take long, however, for the
Director to disvover that many had es-
| caped from the ‘Tenderloin to respectable
| Apartment houses or had found refuge in
ithe suburbs, Then he blanketed all Phila-

   
 
 

oa

Ame

te Superintendent,
e eS. Police.

delphia with a quarantine order. He
notified the police force that any officer
who failed to report the presence of ob-
jectionable persons, women or men, might
expect summary punishment.

 

guard, determined todrive the refguera
out of the city or force them to adopt a
new kind of life

After consultation with the Mayor he
called on every citizen to act as a volun-
teer quarantine guard and inspector, and
notified the citizens that it was their duty
to report the presence of improper char-
acters. At present Director Porter is
using at least 600 policemen in his vice
quarantine, and he is insisting that 1,500, -
000 Philadelphians back upthe policemen,
That is just how Mayor Blankenburg is
putting it up te the people to see whether
or not they will be content with corrup-
tion

The new phase of the big problem in
Philudelphia is) what
deeming the unfortunates that have
been driven from a life of vice. A few

Wherever | what has been done in Philadelphia to

he located refugees he put policemen on |

the mire. THE Scn_ reporter

‘discussed this and other problems with

If inmates leave the |

,Make good tn the

|

The way to deal with commercialized | Mayor Blankenburg.

“We have half a dozen homes where
women can be pluced,” said the Mayor.
“The Salvation Army will do some-
thing. ‘There are places in the country
; Which can be utilized. Some citizens
will make places in their homes. Some
employers offer jobs. There are per-

sion or authority in connection therewith. | haps 4,000 women to be cared for. Re-
Segregation of vice, whether by statute | demption

is a tremendous problem. 1
think Philadelphia is the only city that
ever tried honestly to solve it.” ‘
| It is worth while to spend an hour in
conversation with the present Mayor of
As he swings around in
his chair to greet you you observe that
[he is solid and substantial, with a big
thead, big shoulders, big body. The man
‘radiates honesty, cheerfulness, firrgness,
confidence. He retains enough of the
German accent to lend more seriousness
to his words. One by one his chiefs of
department, his directors, enter for #
word of advice or to make a brief re-
pert. Mr. Blankenburg greets them as
a father welcomes grown up children.
Then he has time again to talk of other
matters:

“T believed in the first piace,” he said
“that the only way to make a city clean
and decent is to close every immoral
resort. The police can always do it if
they want to,”

“Can you depend on
your force now that you
lished a vice quarantine?”

the loyalty of
have estab-

Mr, Blankenburg brought down @
heavy fist.
“EL tell you this,” he boonied, “they

will play fair or I will have a new force.
I will discharge 4,000 men if necessary.
I have closed these places and I am
going to keep them closed. I have
asked the people, the ministers and the
civie bodies to aid me. I shall never
let up for a second.” >
| “Suppose the reform forces meet de-
; feat in 1915. Won't matters slide back
to where they were before?”

| “Not so far back,” said Mr. Blanken-
burg. “This is the first time that the
city Was ever told and convinced how
rotten conditions were. And no set of
gangsters would dare to ally themselves
fo openly again with traffickers in vice,

At any rate, I belleve that I will have
kept my vow when I go out of office. I
will have done all that a man can do
to redeem his city.”

Director Porter, tall, of athletic build,
slightly bald for all of his youth (he is
37), with blue eves that evade no
glance, well groomed, of polished man-
ners, discussed for two hours the work
he has done and hopes to do. He ad-
mitted that eriticism had stung him. He
said he had been spied on and led
about. But he believed that he would
end. It was some-
thing, he thought, that he had taken
the police out of politics,

“No one save a Philadelphian,” sald
the Director, ‘can realize how boss rid-
den and boss driven the policemen were
until T came into office. Every man was

| assessed $80 a year by the machine. He

; antine,

‘ to surmise or guesswork, Whenthecom- days ago Mayor Blankenburg appointed phia ead
s

had to live wherever the political bosses
ordered, He was practically forced to
take graft and to mingle with criminals,
At primaries and elections he was the
tool of the gang.

“Well, I have tried to gain the regard
of the police farce individually and as a
whole. I put on no airs. 1 don't get
chesty. Every man who has a erievance
knows he can come straight to me, I
attend police dinners. Policemen are
guests at times in my home. I organized
a police band. I worked for the pension
fund.

“The cops fool me every day as they
fool Waldo in New York, but I'm getting
on to them slowly, I expect to fire the
grafters and the shirkers and I believe
I can win the friendship of the others.”

Talking about the vice quarantine,
the Director said:

“It's easy enough to quarantine the
Tenderloin and other spots, but how
about sending vicious characters to
other citles? When we quarantine a
Plague we maintain the quarantine until
the disease is cured. That's what we
Will try to do in Philadelphia.

“There must be a redemption policy,
as I told the ministers the other day.
I said to them that they inust remem-
her that when Christ met the Magda-
len He didn't shout for a policeman.”

The Director suggested that it would
be a fine idea for the police commis-
sioners and chiefs of all the big cities
of the United States to get together to
discuss # general system of vice quar-
He indicated that he would
write to police heads suggesting a con-
vention,
| The foregoing is the exact story of

Wipe out commercialized vice and how
the reform was engineered. But (and
you couldn't surprise a Philadelphian
With this statement), there is wide
srumbling, dissatisfaction, pessimism,
impatience and intolerance expreased
as regards the Mayor's policy. Tun Su
reporter dined in the Bellevue-Strate
ford the other evening with three men,
One was a well known doctor, Another
was # newspaper man, The third was
a luwyer. When they were asked if
they believed the vice quarantine would
rid the city of commercialized vice
they shook their heads dubiously, They
agreed in this comment: “It won't
work,”

With that sort of feeling around and
about no wonder that Father Penn,

to do toward re-) away up on the gall tower, may smile

lronically, for there is this to be said
of Father Penn—he knows Philadele
Philadelphians.

\

ed

 

oe er

PN i 5a earner

ee