SUNDAY, MAY

es ee -

APAN'S TIME TO STRIKE IF SHE

4 aoaen a
‘

: ‘
According to the latest official returns, the battle strength of |
the United States and of Japan, measured in completed ships
ready for service, stands as follows:

 

United States. Japan.

No. Tons. No. Tons.
Dreadnoughts syvevseeed 167,650 2 41,600
Pre-dreadnoughts..........24 323,858 13 191,380
Coast defence vessels....... 4 12,900 2 9,086
Armored cruisers.......... 11 149,295 13 138,483
GhUSete aviceiiees ule. ¥r 8 15 73,760 14 60,330
Torpedo boat destroyers. ...42 25,772 58 22,983
Torpedo boats...... | 4 3,706 54 5,428
Submarines. .........66...283 6,191 13 2,672 |

169 763,132

471,962 |
= there any particular reason just
now why Japan should seek war
with the United States? Isa there
any internal condition in the Land
sf the Rising Sun which might cause |
ie polltical leaders to foment @ foreign |
In order to avoid trouble at| cated by thelr prowess, and they con-
Whether or not the cable des-/| ceived themselves the rigthful com- |
patches from Japan announcing the| manders of the Pacific. To bolster up
violent and angry mood of crowds pro-| this attitude they began the further up-
testing against the Californta land law | butlding of their battle fleet, and every
afford a fair index of the national at-| ship constructed since
tude toward the United States {s, of} dearly in the sweat
courae, open to speculation; but the) throbs of the toiling masses,
pgnificance of such manifestations | The national debt, ‘both Internal and
must be judged ultimately by the broad | foreign, is to-day about  2,900,000,000
political situation as ft exists and by | yen, or $1,450,000,000, and this is prob-
the causes for national unrest in the! ably increasing rather than diminishing.
land of the Mikado. Theoretically, there {s a national sink- |
In the early '90s, when Japan struck | ing fund, but this is substantially ex-
fer nelghbor China and won a sudden! hausted In meeting the Interest due on
tetory, there was revived In the Island | borrowed money. Resides the influence
Kingdom the feudal warrior epirit of ;of European intercourse has made for
the Samurai, and the aftermath of that | extravagance, which !{s clearly indicated |
gonfiict was @ dasire on the part of the| by the degree to which imports exceed |
Japanese to win for themselves the/the annual expofts. In short, Japan is |
fullest rewanis of national dignity as/@ debtor nation, with the conditions
onderstood by the ruling Powers of the growing worse year by year, on account
ora. Further than this, there was|of her dense population and the re-
sven a new impetus to the Orifental| stricted area of her productive soll. |
try, “Asta for the Asiatics!” The Jap-| To-day the population of the tsland |
anese began feverishly to absorb the|of Japan numbers quite 50,000,000, and’
leesons of other nations. They aet|the feeding of these is indeed a very
about effecting a social revolution, and Serious problem. Out of a total super- ,
among the fruits of this desire to be ficial area of 161,543 square miles only
great was the birth of an army and a/|!4.37 per cent. of the land !s arable, the |

navy far beyond the requirements of | rest of the country being too mountain- |
sational defence ous and rocky to permit of crop raising.

: 4 ome Wee ; Despite governmental encouragement
All this development involved heavy sof a financial nature and the most skil-

‘lays, and the burden of national debt fui of intensive farming, but little has
grew yearly heavier upon the laboring | been accomplished in the last ten years
tiasees, The taxes became well nigh! toward improving the area under cul-

nhear . ‘tivation or the quantity of output. In
oo ores See Japan was ripe for rate | fact during this decade the increase of
ca! strife when she sought her war with | tijed land has amounted to but six-
Ruswia. The baders of Japan avoided | tenths of 1 per cent. On the other hand,
tee danger of a revolution by turning the increase of population has been at
popular attention to a foe without. As the rate of nearly 13.5 persons a thous-
i consequence of her inconclusive vic- (a weane ts Hailes dha ohne aaa
oe ‘ e 8 vetter fc uggle
tory, Japan ae out of that struggle | ¢. tit among thé-natives of Japan can
stn her national debt increased by | he given than by stating the fact that,
$F 900,000, a sacrifice of nearly 90,000/six-tenths of the population are ab- |

talllng more than 600,000. <A national

to be replaced by a financial problem of
scarcely less gravity.

ponflet

home?

then has cost
and the heart

 

 

 

killed and with a list of wounded to. |

calamity was averted in one direction, |

As a people the Japanese were {ntoxi- |

She Would Lose an Ad- foo a

vantage by Postponing
Contest for Control of
the Pacific Until After
Opening of Panama
Canal—Heavy Taxa-
tion and Fierce Struggle
for Life at Home Other
Possible Reasons for
Seeking Foreign Con-
flict

sorbed in agriculture; and vet the total
(arable area does not amount to 15 per
cent, of the entire superficial territory.
In 1910, according to the latest official
figures, Japan imported immense quan-
tities of rice, peas and bean cakes, which
were absolutely necessary to meet the
food demands of the country.

Again, one-tenth of her inhabitants
are more or lees engaged in the fisher-
‘Yes, and fully half of these are abso-
lutely dependent upon this means of
livellhood. Here excessive working has
led to distress, some of the sources of
seafood being well nigh

18,

1913.

MEANS

|
Japan. United States.
| Admirals of the Fleet............... 1 1
Admirals.............. gees 7 . 0
| Vice Admirals........ eee 17 0
| Rear Admirals.......... rane 45 24
Captains and Commanders....... ‘ 292 212
Other line officers...............05. 1,818 1,471
| Midshipmen at sea...... nvrves 154 0
| Engineer officets............ WE 683 0
| Medical officers..............55. 368 317),
| Pay officers.......... ey uees erste | ee 221 |
| Chaplains................004 cried 0 23
| Warrant officers.............. cicvee 1080 697
Enlisted men ...............eee00+ 42,043 47,469
| Marine officers. ........ sevihenvs 0 316
Enlisted men (marines)............. 0 9,866

Totals...

a

ply, rice being virtually the dietary
basis, but thie staple is no longer suf-
ficient to meet the needs of her fight-
Ing men and especta'ly those of her
sailors, In order to meet the require-
ments of service upon her men-of-war
elther more men or bigger men had to
be available for the heavy work im-
posed by the modern battle craft, and
the Japanese set about altering the
native physique by giving their blue-

exhausted. | jackets a meat ration for body build-

This probably explains in part why ing. This haw cost the Impertal Gov-
during the year 1910 no fewer than| ernment a tidy penny and this outlay

45,500 horses were slaughtered for food,
and, according to the. latest returns,

must continue In order to maintain the
needful muscular standard. Inciden-

there are not more than a million and jrany it has created a new and expen.

a half of cattle on the hoof available

 

among the islands.
The paddy fields of Japan have tong
been her principal source of food aup-

 

 

Continued from Second Page.
aphasia ' she told the police also, |
Although Itelan criminals do some-| The detectives who were assigned to

cat the job directed her to cover some of
times take part In such deeds, the pub- | the goods displayed {n her shop window

ic seems to lose sight of the fact that | with a piece of red paper and when the
in ov far the greater number of cases! blackmuilers appeared she was to re-
o: nD crimes are committed by Ameri- | move the red paper as a signal to the
tans. that Italo-Americans, young | detectives who were secreted near by.
men whose parents may be Italian, but! The plan worked all right so far as

e the arrest of the blackmailers was con-
ao were themselves born fn this coun-

cerned, for they were arrested when
ts, thus being Americans and not Ital- they called at the shop. When ar-
lanes in the true sense of the term.

| raigned in court they were given six
Needieas to say, there are in this) months in the penitentiary. Then the
tountry Itallans who were born in Italy | police made public all the details by
: “,'means of which the criminals were

a are as honest, self-respecting and

i ef Sar" caught, particularly of Mrs.
aw abiding as any Americans living | apreement to give the signal by mov-
here but on the other hand there are

ing the piece of red paper.

{
is,

many Italan parents who were born in, Of course, this all became known
Ita y and who came here years ago throughont the Italian = settlement |
Prnging with them the bellef that thls | within a few hours. The men who are
beng the land of the free they were conving time in the penitentiary will

therefore at liberty to conduct them-
tees in such a manner as would never |
Se permitted under the Italian Govern-

be released after a while.
what will happen to that = poor
woman then when the criminals seek

men 7 ; vengeance?
tr SAN) advantage of this greater) hen, again, with the Itallan squad
eedom they believe themselves justified | .¢ i, detective bureau no longer tn!

In fouting the law !f not openly defying

|
> existence there ts little chance for detec-
When their sons grow up they have |

tives, even though they be Italians, to
for yeara been told by thelr parents | gamiliarize themselves with the con-
Piet they are privileged to do about as ditions in distinct sections of the city
tev please tn many ways and that law | qooupied by Itallans, for the reason that
too authority need not be given the | they are not permitted to remain on

Beme respect which {8 exacted in Italy. |

"ha result is that these young men, |
hang practically grown up in the
Purile etreets, the congested tenements |
in which many of them live simply af- |
{rrdiing @ place to eat and asleep, and |
baving been thrown into contact with |

duty permanently in any particular sec-
tion. Instead of being given an oppor-
tunity to become acquainted with the
people and conditions in one neighbor-
hood, as is the case in Italy, and to
keep !n touch with what {s going on,
they are scattered about from one part
otherm of their kind and perhaps hard-'! of New York to the other. Naturally
ened criminals also, are only too} when strange detectives come into an
featy @o join in doing things forbidden | [tralian seciion they are new to the
by the law. Hence we have bomb- | people and the surroundings and have
tirewing, fights between gangs which! to go through the work of learning con-
‘en result in murder, assaults on ei!t-| ditions and knowing the people, and
2°58 or on each other and other of- | before they go very far in this direction
tonceg, é they too are ordered ty duty elsewhere;

When a crime is committed in any of |
the Itallan quarters of the city and the
American or Irish or German born po- |
ice detectives rush there for the pur-
pose of obtaining evidence against the
offenders they find that those they |
Question profess to know nothing at all)
eoout the affair. And quite naturally, |
too, for they know that if they were to|
tell the police anything which might!
@iin @etecting the offenders their!
trust would quite likely be betrayed, for |
the detectives would soon allow itt to}
become publicly known where they -re- |
ceived

JAPANESE GPnERe,
oF immiUeNcE

their information. What sort!
tf trouble would ensue for those who
had given tnformution to the police
may be imagined, and as those who |

might be in a position to give the po- |
Vee valuable information are not in-|
villog murder or the placing of a:
bem» in their apartments or shops they
haturally keep thelr mouths closed,

*ollce detectives of New York do not
sivaye use thelr brains when seeking
7m catch criminals. An instance of this
7 shown ijn the case of Anna Paolina,
@ woman 72 years of age, who lives in
Prince street and who keeps a shop
there She 1s reputed to be wealthy,

A few months ago she received com-
Muicationg in Italian from alleged
Black Handers, telling her to place a
bum of money in a certain place on
penalty of having a bomb thrown into
her shop when she least expected it.
Bhe told the detective bureau about
the receipt of the letter. The black-
Metlers wrote her again saying they
would visit her shop at a certain time
@theg to ascertain if she had decided

 

Causes and Remedies for Increase of Violent

Paolina’s |

Who knows)!
old |

.

-Crimes

to pay the amount demanded. This! and so it goes.

Then, again, the Italo-American or
Jewish-American gangsters and similar
rowdies care nothing for the authority
of the police, or next to nothing. They
know the police are afraid to club them
or treat them with severity, because by
doing so a policeman may find himself
in trouble at Police Headquarters and
perhaps be dismissed from the depart-
ment because of the political or other
influence the gangsters may have been
able to tging to bear. I have myself
personally seen roughs openly jeer at
policemen on street corners, and the po-
licemen, not wishing to lose their posi-

tions, have pretended not to hear what! burden o

was said and so have passed on.

Another factor in the extent to which
crime has reached in New York is the
laxness of the courts in punishing of-
fenders. Criminals are brought before
judges and given sentences which are
jokes {n comparison to the punishment
they should receive. Take the case of
Rizzo, the gangster who was murdered
in Mulberry street recently at the same
time two pollcemen were murdered by
another gangster. R!zzo was out on pa-
role when he should have been kept in
prison. Had this been done he would
have been alive to-day, but better still
the two policemen who lost their lives
| hecause of him would probably not now
be In thelr graves

You cannot biuff these New York
criminals. Not because they are not

cowards, for they are, but they realize
i that the police are not working against
{them consistently, but only spasmodi-
| cally, and that in addition to the police
| being disinclined to take vigorous ac-
tion against them the courts will not
| punish them severely.

There is but one policy to follow in
| the treatment of criminals in New York,
and this applies to those whether Itallan
| born, American born of Itallan parents
or of whatever nationality, and that is
the policy of prevention and repression,
\but principally repression,

r§

|

{

|

 

sive appetite among many thousands

vane ieee

60,617 |

 

they should seck to attack us at any of
our vulnerable points,

If the Philippine Islands be Japan's
immediate objective, and logically that
would seem to be the best place for her
to strike, then from Yokohama to Ma-
nila her ships would have but 1.750
nautical miles to cover, and this would
be shorter from her naval station at
Nagasaki. Even so, she needYnot make

  
 

Principal islands of Japan—Black area being generally too precipitous

or rocky to be fit for cultivation.

that once were eatisfied with the elmple |
ration of rice and infrequent bits of
enimal flesh. |

In Japan to-day the resident foreign.
ers probably do not exceed a total of
20,000, while of Japanese there are
quite 200,000 upon allen shores, nearly '
half of these living within the United,
States or scattered among its colonial
possessions, The last report of the,
Secretary of the Interior said that there |
were 79,674 Japanese in the Hawalian
Islands, and this represented an in-
crease of 18,559 during a decade. Ow-
ing to a constant excess of arrivals
ower departures of Japanese women
there is an increasing number of Jap-
anese births in that territory.

It is plain that the Japanese emigrant
leaves his native shores primarily to
better his conditions by getting away
from the crowded atmosphere and the
limited opportunities at home. It is
also equally true that the Imperial Gov-
ernment encourages emigration and is
decidedly Interesied jn the success of
these people. Emigration is really one |
aspect of Japan's economic problem and '
is growing yearly more vital to her
domestic peace, Quite apart from an
affront to her national dignity, any |
check upon this increasing emigration}
makes just 80 many more mouths to be}
fed in a land which !s already over- |
burdened.

It {s only natural that the increasing
f taxation and the struggle for
existence should lead to unrest tn Japan. |
A civil conflict might be prevented by
a foreign war. Then there is another!
thing to consider: |

If the Mikado's people really think}
they can rule the Pacific and mean to;
fight for its control they have nothing |
to gain by delay. The completion of the
Panama Canal will change the strategic
situation in the Pacific, Then the Amer-
ican battle squadrons can cover either
of our coasts effectively and without the |
division of our strength now imposed by |
geographical circumstances. Concentra- !
tion of our battle line will then be pos- |
sible within a short time and the Japa- |
nese are too wise to be blind to this fact, |

To-day the vast bulk of our seagoing |
defences is concentrated here in the At-|
lantic, and to reach our western coast |
they must double Cape Horn. To hasten |
to the protection of the Philippines by |
the shortest route they must travel}
eastward via the Suez Canal and the)
Indian Ocean, Just take your atlas and,
plot those distances if you want to see;
how matters stand.

But this 1s not the whole story by any | unfortunately the larger number of there are rich deposits of coal'in Alaska,

means. The further our ships will have
to go the graver become the risks to!
which they might be exposed thrqugh
the daring of a desperate foe. The Jap- |
anese, on the other hand, have a far|
easier task confronting them in case,

Fee a as

| 2.844 tons of coal,
number of the fighting feet and some} among

| 900,000 gallons per annum, and other

the run to the Philippines on a single
leg. Formosa is a Japanese possession
and that island would lend itself ad-
mirably for the establishment of a base
of operations,

Undoubtedly the Japanese have coal
supplies there, and the nearness of
Hongkong and Shanghai would greatly
facilitate getiing provisions and muni-
tons of foreign origin. The coal mines
of Japan are fairly productive, and some
of this fuel is highly esteemed in the
Orient for its steaming qualities. As
the mining expert puts it, the coal in
sight to-day, judged by the velns al-
ready discovered, represents
000 tons of available fuel.

Whether or not the rate of output
would be equal to the demands of the
hour, combined with the requirements
of a railroad trackage of 6,042 miles, is
pure guesswork, It is a fact, however,
that four years ago Japan exported
But it is said that a

of the latest merchant craft can use of]
fuel, Four years ago the output of na-
tive petroleum had reached nearly 60,-

flelds have since been opened up.

We can get some idea of what Japan,
would have to pay for belligerent activity
upon the sea fromm official figures cover- |
ing her war with China, and later her!
conflict with Russia. During the period |
of strife with her ancient neighbor in
the early ‘0s it cost Japan per day per |

ton of fighting ship the tidy sum of
$540. In 1904 and 1905, a decade later, |

she paid for the battle efficiency of the,
fleet only $400 a ton of displacement |
daily engaged.

Of course some of these vessels men-
tioned in box A must stay in the home
waters, and in measuring Japan's offen-
sive strength we need consider only
her dreadnoughts, her armored ecruis-
ers and torpedo boat destroyers. 3oth
of her latest dreadnoughts are splendid |
ships and capable of doing fine execu- |
tion with their heavy 12 inch rifles, |
besides having to their credit sea
speeds of from 18.5 to 20,5 knots.

Among the pre-dreadnoughts are a
number of ships of good speed, excel: |
lent protection and with effective bat- |
teries of 12 inch guns. Among the |
armored cruisers Japan has a squadron
of fleet craft that are far superior to
the vessels of the same class that we |
have in our service. Her ships carry
12 inch rifles, while the best of ours
are armed with 10 inch weapons, and

them boast nothing more formidable |
than 8 inch ordnance,

If instead of striking us in the
Philippines Japan should ele¢t to at-
tack us nearer home, how, then, would |
the case stand? The Hawaiian Islands !

 

2,000,000,- |

 

,swiftest

dents of the strategic conditions of the |

 

WAR *

  
  

@

  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

San Francises, Bat an Alaskan base ts
not a necessity, even though it might
reasonably be a phacs of a Japanese
scheme of attack.

To-day there are plying between Yo-
kohama and Puget Sound two lines ef
subsidized Japanese steamships and an-
ether runs te and from San Francises
fand Yokohama via Honolulu. These
| companies alone have twenty-four fine
hig ships. Three of them make twenty
Knots, two of them nineteen knots, two
seventeen knots, one sixteen knots and
the rest range from fourteen to twelve
knots an hour in speed, These are only
a part of the Japanese merchant ma-
rine. Not only would the Mikado’'s fleet
be able to have swift colliers at its dis-
posal, vessels flying the national flag,
but these same liners or part of them
Jeould readily be turned inte military
| transports,

There was a time when most of these
merchant craft were captained by for-
elgn officers, but the graduates of the

|
|

'

}

| Nautical College at Tokio have been
\steadily supplanting the aliens for a
Tnumber of years. It {sn't pleasant to

think of how we should be placed if we
needed similar transports and colliers.
We know how we were circumstanced
When our batile fleet made its memor-
lable cruise around the world via Cape
Horn. That was in time of peace, but
forelgn colliers are not to be had when
most urgently wanted in time of war,

Whether net in case of confilet
the Japanese would see fit to land an
expeditionary military force would de-
pend entirely
palgn, but the possibility of such a con-
Ne closer to San Francisco than they do, tingency must be considered. By law
to Yokohama by 1.354 knots. Assum- | the total enlisted strength of the United
j ing that the enemy steamed at the rate States Army may not exceed at any one
; of twelve knots an hour in order to! time a total of 100,000 men, and at pres-
‘save coal, it would take him in round ent ft is below this quota, The military
| figures, say, twelve days to reach peace force of Japan is not known cer-
| Honolulu, while our own ships, at the talniv, but it is conservatively estimated

same speed, starting from San Fran- at 230,000. There are besides in Japan
aa would be able to get to Hawaii to-day many thousands of seasoned sol-
in about seven days, But at present diers that have seen battle service. It

j what have we on the Pacific coast in
the way of battle craft capable of meas-
uring forces with the best that Japan
| eould send against
Should) Japan elect to strike us she,
would naturally form a flying squadron |
of a dozen, let us say, of the best of
her ships, and this. would leave her
as many more for home defense, or as
\8 reserve. Llere is where her compact
coast line would serve her purpose ad-
mirably, because her numerous small
torpedo boats and some of her destroy-
;ers would fit into the scheme of home
| protection, as would not be the case
if the littoral were more open and less
| suited to afford cover for craft of this

is even said that many of the Japanese
in Hawaii are of this class, and it is
quite certain that those there have main-
tained their military habits in a meas-
ure and have instilled the same spirit
in the schooling and upbringing of their
children, What is to prevent Japan from
mobilizing her army on a war footing
and throwing upon a_=foreign) shore
200,000) disciplined and experienced
troops? Probably nothing more than
the question of ready money.

Under these circumstances it is evi-
dent that Japan has everything to lose
by waiting for the completion of the

Ponama Canal before striking us,
such indeed be her serious intention.

us?

 

, Sort. The Japanese Naval Academy near
| But if we ean draw any conclasions | Kure turns out annually something like
lfrom the nayal operations of Japan, 150 graduates. In 190% there were 2.788
j during her war with Russia, then surely "applicants for admission. This gives

{she will have a more ambitious part for!
these boats to play than that of keep- |
ing watch and ward upon her own coast,
her flotilla of destrovers
some thoroughly up to date eraft,

some idea of the popularity of the naval
service and the manner in whieh the
Mikado can chose his sea officers, Japan
also has a naval staff college, a naval
Un- engineering school, a gunnery and tor-
doubtedly the Japanese would use the , pedo school, and also a mechanic school,
of these for service. } in which junior engineers and artificers
and they would probably render a good | receive special training in electricity,
account of themselves when put to the | mechanical engineering, &¢,

|

are

|
1
oversea

test of conflict or hazardous difty of ans The latest official figures give the to-

kind, Boats of less displacements at- | tal personnels of the two services as

 

tacked the Russlan at Tsushima, with | follows Japan, 47,289; the United
results familiar to the world, and jt wag! States, 60,617, Bur the manner of their
vessels of similar size that harried the | distribution Is instructive, (See box B.)
battleships inside of Port) Arthur and| Japan is distinetiy superior, according

sewed those mine fields in the open sea
upon which Admiral Makaroff's
stunvbled so disastrously To-day

to the list, in the number of her battle
leaders or officers of flag rank, as well
as in the number of her captains, com-

ships

the

destroyers at Japan's disposal are larger) manders, other line officers and en-
and better boats in every way than! gineers; but the most suggestive ad-
those she had in 1904-05, Vantage is in her larger force of war-

rant officers,
These are the men who have mos; to
Pacific have safd that Japan would not |do intimately in moulding the sailor dur-

Ly way of self-comforting, some stu-

{think of attacking our western coast ‘jing his period of training, and as the

anywhere because of the distance she} imperial navy has more than twice as

, Would have to come and the long way | many of these as the American navy, ft

she would have to go to reach home or | means that a closer, a more complete
the nearest neutral port, the assump-!and a greater measure of personal su-
tion heing that none of the Mikado's | pervision can be exercised over the
vessels could carry coal enough for the | seamen, the firemen and kindred ratings
round trip. But this is far from the! than is possible with us during the In-
end of the matter | structional term, Theoretically this
Take another glance at the strategic | should make for a higher general pro-
mup. If vou follow the great. circle | ficiency among the enlisted men of the
reute from Yokohama north to Port | fleet.
Townsend you see how the hostile mun | The efficiency of a fighting ship may
our shores could be considerably | be measured directly by the constant
shortened, and the journey can he! care given it, and hetween any two sef-
profitably broken by seeking some one i viees of equal individual capabilities
of the Alaskan harbors. l the advantage will probably lie with the
Besides the various coaling stations |

men in proportion to the total tonnage
of the fleet. Upon this assumption, tak-
jing the figures already given, each man
‘in the Japanese navy has to look out
for 9.98 tons of battle craft, while with
us each man has to keep In order 12.58
tons, In other words, the personnel
of‘our fighting ships have an increased
| responsibility or burden of 26 per cent,
lover that of the Japanese in maintain-
jing an equal standard of fitness and
! offieieney

\ Vhether or not our Pacific coast de
fences are equal to any tax vhat might
lie placed upon the : by the Japanese
'
|
|

Could the Japanese establish upon the
Alaskan shores a temporary or advance
naval base it would be comparatively ,
easy for them to make raids further;
south and perhaps tribute upon |
our Puget Sound cities or even menace

levy

is unfortunately not a matter of mere
opinion, Some leading American mili-
tary authorities have frankly declared
our unpreparedness in this direction
and perhaps this might induce the
| Mikado’s strategists to try conclusions
| with some of our coastal batteries, Even
,if the outeome were disastrous the in-
{jury would not lasting so far as
| territorial possession is concerned, but
our national dignity would be sorely
hurt and our prestige in the eyes of the
world) damaged,
| Such then are the facts and the forces
available on each side. The question is:
) Will Japan take the chances and has
| she any desperate reason for doing so?
Remember the national debt of Japan
based only upon her domestic ana
foreign loans—-puts a per capita burden
upon her citizens of about $29, while
the public debt of this country lays
an obligation upon the individual of
only $10.74.

he

 

 

nese citizen is facing an obligation.
There is something else to be kept
in mind. The religious life of old Japan
has been driven to its very roots by
the desire for Western learning, Will
Political expediency seek to insure do-

by all these elements, by Inciti
ualted front against em external foe

')

service having the greater number of,.

Our per capita wealth ~4,
amounts to $1,310.11, while the Japae -

mestic safety and harmony, threatened °
Qrax

See’

upon their plan of came °

a

na

weedeat

en en le A RCE AOI