pst

   
  
 
  
  
         

Organs £

""\ G

 

       

  

S ormeas

Copt Jeme “Ey
Twelve Hundred Waiting to Be Mus:
tered Into Service Now That
Their Long Fight Has

Been Won

  

   

     

  
   

 

  

     

     
     

    

  
   

  

 

   

 

 

 

     

       

 

 

  
 

  

   

 

 

* mn
EGRO blood Is to be infused talses effect the Adjutant-General anal
into New York State's Na- ie is a atk nor New York such |
tional Ciuard Nearly 1400) pogiment when erganized and equipped |
rifle bearing colored citizens, shail become part of the National (Guard
: ¢ re o
MOBEOF (hem AescenMants Of Raves) (At a annie. eM i“ LE eon  *
to be enrolled among the soldiery of the governing sueh National Guard The
Commonwealth. An entire col eg oficers of such t yent Shall be com Qamer soa Andersen, Editor Who
ee nae i ed by the Governor, subject to the Great y Helped Paasaae of ‘
iment is to be added to the militia, the : ins of this chapter in relation to | Colored Regiment <t Majee Chaz) W. Falv
first instance of the kind in the history AP bility and examination, The Sie . Litaly te be. Shisen Colonel
te ont » eit of New York sha yTO- z o
of the State. board of thie vo ol : enna aie. of elored Wegument
The organization of the new commana S'Ge aan ke effect at once
was vigorously opposed by formor Ad- ” Se eee Dix, and when the Inst) Gegislature | fier toand: Cominiasiry ats Ne
* eC With ail the opposition expressed to) Qnened its session in January of this | re, First Lieutenant and As-
Jutant-General Verbeck for over a year iy aiaek regiment project, there Was | year it was determined to try aga tant Surgeon, Allen Bo Graves
A bill to make its incorporation with ar ere he effect that the dark Poteet - eg ee tae Company A=Capiain, John Li Walter
National Guard mandatory was oiss ckinned g man Would not measure | tha military Jaw was tntr ced an iUis beeeplOM LRU as tate Sea CRs Git at ; a
only aftera yb stru yin two wis up to the high miliary standard eet by | passed. While the enthusiasm of a cer ae q os a ane a oA ae of a ncek H
tures Not unt t Wa Piagetian he State. Instead it was admitted that tain percentage of the 1,000 men on th i the Se ‘ aera : a iv? k Wash-
Gov. Sulzer’s desk forthe Executive sig- | men of ame race as those of the | muster roll of the provisional rm gtons sétondshtectenant: Chania Stins
Nature was the measure deemed fully Ninth Cavalry and Twenty-fourth In-| had eooled somewhat during t : ‘a
out of danger, Race prejudice and fear) pa voor the United States army Who) wait, as soon as ft was known that C ny C— Captain, Tazwell L. Tay-
of social friction fanned the flame of made history on San Juan Hill could be | ¢riendiy Adjutant-General was now mile lor, First lieutenant, Charies MH. Ratley ;
opposition, and all sorts of dire results Gepended upon to evince the same valor | itary adviser tea G@Vernor also friend! = nd Lieutenant, Isaae EL MeCos
Were predicted as Hkely to happen Woen) ang martial spirit as their white com- Jto the restoration they took heart Company DD Captain, Louis Coleman
a@ negro officer on duty shogdt meet a) rades in the State service land became active onee more, So the) First Lieutenant, Samuel Ellis, Second
white private on duty and™order the! The struggle of the negro to enter) provisional colored regiment stands) [leutenant. James W. Iuss ;
White supordinate to perform certain. the National Guard of the State began in nuinhers about as it avfeinaliy did Second iff -Mafor, George
military tasks within his military prov-)two years ago. A bill authorizing the | when the muster roll went to Gov. Dix, Horten First Lieutenant and Adjutant,
inee. There are those who stil make) organization of a colored command | Following is a list of officers selected Lyman Holdman nite Ileutenant and
the same prediction, {passed both houses during the session | according to the provistonal regiment's Geer utenenr eee a Saree
Adjutant-General Henry D. Hamil-\ of the 1911 Legislature, but mysteriously | choice. These selections of course will, LUMAR A en ciNteRbectilettanant atid
ton does not feel the epposition to al dropped out of sieht elther while in| have to be ratified according to National « rtermaster, Delaware Whiting
black command long held by his prede- ; the possession of Gov, Dix or in transit; Guard usage when the command is - S— (Captain. James A. Man-
cessor, Gen. Verbeck. He was willing to him. @gitation was continued, how- | incorporated with the State militha t, Morris IE. Denton
months ago to advecate the enrolling of ever, and the objectors to the innova- | t, Benjamin Butler
a negro battalion, Wut the champions! tion then declared that not a sufficient | _ Regimental sta%—Colonel, Charles W pt Robert L. Davis:
of the Innovation wanted an entire regi- imber oof colored men could be | Filly re; Teutenant mae a eran Chester ‘Ty Dent, Second
Wheaton, Major and Surgeon. Gust - ‘
ment and they turned to the Leuislature) gathered to form even a battalion, | Henderson ct iptain and Adjutant, J m J, Cookson
for the mandatory authority whi h{ Negroes as well as whites !n many] aipert Jaxson; Captain and Assistant Compar G—-Capt Jesse Harvey
would permit the friendly Adjutant-{ put statements appeared to helleve! Surgeon, Eugene Po Roberts; Captain and | First: Lieutenant, George Th Davis) See
General to muster tn 1,200 colored men | The answer was the complete or- Quartermaster, Paul Ho Bray Captain ond Lieutenant, Joshua Hitl
without placing altogetner upon his inization of a provistonal colored regt. and Co sary, James (. Thomas: Cap- Company H-—-Captatr Robert Q iePen:
ehoulders the respor iiity for aa ofm-) ment of 1.009 men officers, signal and | tani IEE tor of r fle tice, Virgil First Idjeutenant a am : H ef an
elal action likely to ing upon him aj hospital corps and twelve uniformed ss Sg p y! aa : us ; i on as ah oe ae see ae Ae a ee, ry
great deal of adverse erit P , }compantes, When the year 1912 opened officer, w TT Rie! vedions Capt: 1 nat d Coles =p oy Luietite int ar a. Adj itant
was fina ly passed : monster petition was sent Gov, DIX, | ohaplatn, Price S. Jumes C. Frat nm Cart First Licute nt and
ing this text to the ;with the provisional regiment's muster)  tirst Rattalion staff—Major, H Herman Quartermaster, Charles EL Brown, First
law: yr attached, asking for {neorporation | Riount; First Lieuter t and Adfutant. Ik int and Commissary, David W
Section 49. Colored regiment of infantry. |in the State Netional Guard | Ruston R. James Lieutenant and | |} First J nt und Assistant
Within three months after *thts section | Nothing came of the appeal to Gov. V Quartermaster, Rebert Brow: First) & n, Trays

MARIO G. MENOCAL. CUBA'S NEW PRESIDENT. TAKES OFFICE NEXT TUES

intelligent and strictly honest Cubans,

“4 ' Ae |
Fate of Republic May and it was the awakening and the arouning|
Depend on His Success of this class which won for Gen. Menocal

canes a Victory in the last election. }
or Failure

The curse of Cuba is the curse of Mexico
and Central America-the flag waving ,
By FREDERICK UPHAM ADAMS,

and thieving politician, who knows no}
EN. Mario G. Menoeal wi] be ine Ya to wealth except by the debauch- |
ing of a public office and who does not}
hesitate at armed treason to obtain a|
chance to rob his fellow citizens. It|
is this class that is responsible for the|
innumerable petty “revolutions” which
have get back progress almost a century

augurated as Prosident of Cuba

next Tuesday, May 20, It is the

belief that upon him rests the
responsibility of whether or not the exist-
ing Government of Cuba shall endure, | ;), lands most richly endowed by nature. |
The indications are he will retire) It is this class that President Menocal |
either as the greatest President Guba hag} will be compelled to whip into sub-
ever known or last President, | Mission, and if his life be spared T belleve

2 Ww i

Few men have had a greater opportunity, | he will do it.

' : : | Measured by oratory, bombast, emo-
and no man in all the distraught history! tion and rhodomontade Gen. Menocal
of Ouba has had thrust upon him so mo-

jis not the greatest man in Cuba. The
mentous and delicate a task jeaf's are filled nightly with thousands
Those who know Menocal best

: |
| of more vociferous patriots, all shrilling
; j their love of country and plotting for a|
do not hesitate to predict that he will lift) jotitieal job |
} F
Cuba from the abyss of corruption whic
has disgraced the retiring administration. tions of a soldier and a mnan of important |
business affairs He was a daring and |

Tf he fais, Cuba faiis tilled fiat } «
5 © plcille. ighter in the war against Spain, |
Cuba will take a fairly secure place in} mi ; P

that

as her

Gen

Gen, Menocal haa the dual qualifica-|

If he succeeds

f but deelined to take any part in the|
the family of nations and the futural geramble for offices which sueceeded
historian will acclaim Mario (, Menoca) the retirement of the American forces,
as the real father of his country Gen, Menocal is a graduate of an Ameri-

Rens can university and speakea English with
The Monroe Doctrine is presumed to i ?
M B © hardly a pereeptible accent. The portrait

act as a restraint on certain neighboring | presented with this sketch is an excellent
republica which have too much revolu-| likeness of him He has the bearing
fon in their cosmos. It implies the right | Of 4 soldier and the face of a echolar.

of armed intervention on our part. Tho new Preaident of Cuba is @ man
of ineans and a man who has won buai-
ness success by hard work and honorable
peace in our adjacent tropics if wehaveto methods He is the managing director
fight for it. We have intervened twiee | of the Cuban-American Sugar Company,

in the bloody affairs of Cuba, and there Probably the Jargest sugar enterprise

t intellig litiet |in the world. Much of his time has been
j alitca: ¥ . ;
js not an intelligent politiclan or states | gpent in his country house in Chaparra,

man in Havana or Washington who does | surrounded by the thousands of men
not believe that it will be “three times | who till: the vast plantations and operate
and out”-to drop into the vernaoular | th? pugs AURA ae It is in a fat
2 ; i fugar enterprise that business efficienc

of our national game, Cuba has been | and Race ability counte, a
warned to govern herself decently OF! years ago thevindustry recognized that
wesign the job for all time, and thus it is) Gen, Menocal was the master of that
Set Gen. Mario G. Menoeal!l will he either! yocution,
the best or the last President of the Pearl !
of the Antilles in Havana and other parts of Cuba, but

No muckgaker will ever tackle the task not even the most bitter of bis political
of atirring up the corruption which sige enemies dares hint that he has taken un-
nalizes the outgoing Gomes administra- | fair advantage or sought unjust gains.
tion, It cannot be done with a rake.! All of Cuba came to regard Cgn. Menocal
One of the huge dredges used on the| as an honest man, and it is a matter of
Panama(Cana) might make some imonaas| oneuecaiintion both to Cuba and to the
gion, Thereare tens of housands of highly eo tutry which insured its independence

Tt in|
a declaration that we intend to preserve

He is an investor in many enterprises

hp

Capt Lee A. Pollerd, Saqnel
Commissary of Colered, fi evisionel Regt Lope. Previesonel Regt. -lofantey

8

J Provisional >

‘Lincoln's

 

  

  

 

 

    
 

 

  
  

 

 

   

 

   
 

 

  
 

 

     

        
 

 

   
   

that the Presidency has heen awarded | his nation from the disgrace which has!

to one capable and anxious to redeem) been its portion under Gomez,

President Mario G. Menocal.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1913.

 

Geo W. Wash to dyut
“of the apingten, feiss ont

Company 1—Captain,, Percy E. Greene,

 

Mist Licutenant, John EK Lewis; Second
Lieutenant, | H. Martin

Company 1 Captain, John W. Over-
tar First utenaunt, creearge WW. Sher-
mit Se Lieutenant, Edward W
ty

 
  

I,
Lieutenant,
Lieutenant,

Company M
First Lieutenant, Stephen Judiet, Second

pany ‘aptain, Clifton A. French;

Clayton To A. Freneh;
limes R. Glover
Captain, James K. Green;

Lieutenant, John W. Crawford

Moses Mimms is the drum = mafgor

and Major Hart the senior color ser- |

keant.

As soon as the organization of a pro-
Visional regiment was decided upon
company formations began at once,
One company was raised in Yonkers,
two in Brooklyn and the remainder from
various parts of New York city. Drill-

 

 

ng also began under competent drill-
masters, (ff course the d Was con-
fined to evolutions of the march and
other requirements that could be prac-
tised ut the use of arms, The
' main ssdquarters of the command
has beon at St West 134th street, where
weekly meetings and drills are still
going on. Another headquarters has

heen at 343 West Fortieth stteet,
The provisional officers of the new
standing among

regiment are men of

 

those, of thetr race Col. Charles W
Fillmore, t commander, is attached
to the Federal Internal Revenue De
partment, Ife is a veteran of the

 

Spanis

I recently had a long interview with
Gen, Menocal in his beautiful residence

  
  

  

Laeut. Te

Adjutant. at. G

ret re ar

Battalls

Fi

s

  
  

     

 

 
 

 

ENTER STATE’S NATIONAL GUARD

 

Mi .
Gueteve: e
Hendersen

     
 

Kolenel

minent

A llamen Mus coll

tn Bgenrication,

Fear of Social Friction Caused Opposi-
tion to Project---First Regiment
of Its Kind in History
of State

as First Lieutenant and Battalion Adju-
tant, and in command of Company F,
Ninth United Stutes Volunteers, in Cuba.
For fourteen veurs he was in the Ohio
| National Guard as Major of the Ninth
| Battalion. He read Jaw under Judge
J.J. Miller at Columbus, Ohio, and for
a time was corporation clerk there in
the Department of State.

Capt. James C. Thomas, the commis-
sary of the new regiment, !s one of the
best known colored men of New York.
He is engaged in the real estate busi-
ness and recently erected a_ hotel
costing a quarter of a million. He has
sometimes been called the richest col-
,Oored man in New York. He har been
| an enthusiastic promoter of the project.
| Dr. Gustavus Henderson, the sur-

of the new regiment,

Keon
| known man in his profession. James
Hl, Anderson, one of the promoters of
the scheme, is managing editor of the

jzsmeterdam News, a weekly nwespaper |
| devoted to the interests of the colored |

| people, Lieut. Rudolph R. James, ad-
j Jutant of the First Battalion, is city
lediter of the New York Pilot and an
| officer in the American Boy Scouts or-
ganization.

A picturesque figure in the promo-
| tion of the colored regiment is Col. Will-
iam Murrell, a veteran of the war of
| 1861-65. He participated in the attack
fon Fort Wagner and was
twice. He was Colonel of the Fourth
| Regiment, Louisiana National Guard,
after the war, and was twelve years in
the Legislature of that State. Two of
‘his sons, Willlam Frederick and Wel-
lington, were killed in action while
| fighting with the Tenth United States
Cavalry In Cuba. At the opening of the
civil war Col, Murrell was messenger
|for the Confederate Cabinet at Mont-
|gomery, Ala.

| DD. E. Toblas, executive secretary of
-'the Equity Congress, is prominent fn
ithe regimental movement. Bert A.

in the Vedado, the new resort of the wealth
| and fashion of Havana. His wife is noted

| for her beauty tn a city famous for beauti-e |

ful women, und she is fitted to preside
over the splendid executive palace now
under construction

*What does Cuba need? What do you
hope to accomplish as her President?” I
asked.
“Cuba needs an honest administration
its governmental affairs, and that 1

n

con give and will give.” firmly declared |

he General

ita Chief Executive. It needs more citi-
zens anxious to develop its smarvellous
resources and leas citizens anxious to
hold office.

“I was not elected as a politician and I

‘have no ambition to succeed as a politi- |

‘cian. The crying need of my country is
such a modification of its revenue laws
as will take the burdens from those least
able to bear them and impose the bulk
of taxation elsewhere. We raise practi-
cally all of our revenue from tariff duties

{on imports, but this policy has not stim-
‘ulated manufacturing or assisted to pro-

; note the general prosperity of the
country 2

Cuba has a land tax syatem which the

(disciples of Henry George can point to

,;a8 a horrible example. Unused and un-

| developed land pays no taxes. One can

| hold free of taxes a million acres of fertile

| land provided no plough touches it and

| no effort be used to make it productive,

| The moment it is converted to productive

| purposes the tax assessor and tax collector

| get busy. We discussed that remarkable
system

“I am strongly committed to a radica|
reform of a land tax eyatem which has
been handed down to us from the Spanish
conquerors of Cuba,” said Gen. Menocal,
“The natural wealth of Cuba lies in her
soil, and her people must have access to
that soil, The fair taxation of unoccupied
and undeveloped lands will force it into
the market.

“We need small faryers as well as great
sugar and tobacco enterprises. No seotion
| on earth has an equal percentage of fertile
soil, and it*khall be my policy to urge the
| passage of such laws as will vastly in-
crease the acreage under cultivation,”

“How about American investors in
Cuba?" T asked

“I shall do all I can to encourage Ameri-
can capital to flow into Cuba,” promptly
replied Gen. Menocal. “I am at a loss to
understand where some of your American
newspapers and some of your statesmen
get the idea that Americin invostors are

 

{is a well!

wounded |

“But Cuba needs far more |
than a businesslike administration from |

Doyle and J. Frank Wheaton also aided
"With vatce and money.

Colored men who have served in the
United States army as well as In the
militla of other States where colored
men are enrolled and organized Into
separate commands declare there need
be no fear of friction between white
jand colored guardsmen. The right of
\line on march goes to the senior com-
/mander, white or black. In camp and
/on the march white and colored regu-
lars have experienced no difficulty in
getting along together, each keeping
within the proper boundaries of military
| Usage and etiquette.
| Old timers of New York who have
| heard of the coming addition to the
National Guard recall the days of the
first attempts to organize colored com-
mands, The first military organization
of the kind was formed in New York
‘in 1870 with a muster roll of about
250 men. They had £00 members when
they visited the Centennial Exposition
at Philadelphia in 1876. They applied
several times for admission to the Na-
tlonal Guard, but were each time re-
fused. They recruited until they had °
about 800 men, but could never get
jaid from the State. James B. Lee was
{the Colonel. He had served several
i years in the regular army. Lieut.-Col.
| Ighn 'T. Gallahorn and Adjutant George
W. Washington are still alive. The
guard had a band of fifty and a drum
corp of thirty pieces,

A charter was granted: the Veteran
Guard of 1875 and by it they are per-
mitted to carry arms. Two companies
of this old command are still in existence
in Long Island City, working under the
original charter. Later two vwolored
military organizations were formed, the
Lincoln Guard and the Skidmore Guard
The march of the latter body down
South Fifth avenue tn the old days, In
striking uniform and with crashing
band, was a gala event among the

 

1:American war, having served} Willams, the colored comedian; A. J.' colored residents of that section.
‘

 

DAY
Expected to Lift Cuba

From Abyss of Corrup-
tion—His Delicate Task

not welcome in Cuba, Central America
and the West Indies
“There seems to be a constant fear on
the part of certain of your publicists thet
American investors are ‘exploiting’ the
| tropical countries covered by your Monroe
Doctrine. What individual or what cor-
porate interest from the United States haa
‘done this? 1 have never heard a specific
| charge against any person or corporation.
| The American investors in Cuba and in
Central and South Ame: ica have always
heen most scrupulous in their obedience
| to the local laws and in meeting the obli-
| gations imposed by all contracte or cen-
| cessions, Most of them pay far more
| than the average rate of wages.

“Cuba and her tropioa! neighbore cannot
he developed unless outside capital takes
up a large share of the task. We need

;More ships, more railroads, more mil!s
and more of all that American enterprise
(and capital has to offer, and we have no
fear that we will be ‘exploited’ if those
| Americans who come in the future follor
‘the high example set by those who heve
invested millions in sugar, fruit, tobacco
{and other products of our eoll. Please
| say to the American people that we are
| eager to be ‘exploited’ by the aame class
|of men who are now placing Cuba and
Central America on the commercia! and
industrial maps of the world.”
| “You are already threatened with 4
| revolution,” I suggested. “Have you any
| fears on that score?”

“There will be no revolution under my
jadministration,” sternly replied Gen
| Menocal, his keen eyes flashing. “There
| may he outbreaks headed by disappointed
| politicians or military adventurers, but

they will be crushed and their leaders
| punished. The day is past when men of
| this class can arrest the orderly processes
of government.

“I ehall have back of me not only a loyal
army but a loyal people who are dete’:
mined to show tothe United States and to
the world that Cuba realizes her responsi-
bilities and is capable of self-government
I shall appoint honest men and will guar:
antee that they honestly adminater their
duties. I shall urge the passage of honest
taxation laws, and have faith that the peo-
ple will respond by electing men who will
assiat me to make Cuba worthy of the
favors which God hs lavished on her.”