_-_————

ES]

ee

~ REAL

4OUSES WORTH MILLIONS
IDLE FOR MANY YEARS|

Changes in Fortune. Social Ambitions Unfulfilled
Peath and Domestic Troubles Have Caused
\fany Palatial Residences to Be Closed |

Arericans, especially New Yorkera, !ihe tfg house, which is more of a museum |
1 goto far off Europe to view witht! because of it¢art treasures thana dwelling |

 

|

« » fee tenontless castles and abbeys, for!)is tenanted by caretakers. It is con- |
aaarearnany palatial homes right here] sidered one of the great houses of the |
bh Nee York city that know no tenants. | world }

sere aye no abbeys or castles, but
seoraare tha equals of many such on the
ede of the ocean both in value and
They are surrounded by ro-
\ which, if not poetic as some
nf sgends associated with Furope's
ried houses, contain more truth

» century worn tales antwining

° i eountry places. New York's
ean ose castles are between Thirty-
ereet and tloth street. There are

vy half a hundred in this area that

been used by their owners for

Seven stories high with massive walls
of granite terminating in mansard chim-
heys and steeples, it looks more like a
French castle than an American home.
In its construction priceless wood and
material were brought from all parts of
the world to give Mr. Clark a house that
} would be the best in the city. There are
fifteen bathrooms in the house. In two
of these rooms are glass that has cost
nearly $15,000, The breakfast room is
panelled in 170 different designs, ‘There

is a concealed garage, a quarantine room
gaara of them have boarded up | steam Jaundry, cold storage, safe deposit:
widows and doors while others are kept | vaults and a miniature stage. The house
se if the muster or the mistress was at [is full of secret passageways access to

ma every dav. To the outward world | Which is gained from almost every room
ines look to be all that their ex-

 

nda

es. tao

Some

theaa ; from doora controlled by hidden springs

terior Would imply places of comfort (in the walls, This wonderful house or

wd happiness With lights burning «museum ia carried by Mr. Clark at con-
gholy in the halls and behind drawn | siderable cost every vear. His taxe
vas the passerby cannot help but | alone amount to $55,000,

» hie mind the men who have
structures, costing in
ipwards of a million dollars, |

oir At the southeast corner of Madison
avenue and Seventy-second atreet are

these fine

 

hy cisgs two houses that have never been com-
« ivithin enjoying the pleasures such | pleted. They were the properties of Mrs. |
es are supposed to bring That is | Rhinelander Waldo, mother of Police |

  

» natural inference, for the man out- | Commissioner Waldo. Mrs. Waldo had
edo it se@ where more comfort and | the houses erected some years ago. ‘The
wandeur can be had Though natural) best material went inte them. ‘The

 

gought is not always correct, for
many of the brightly lighted houses passed
fan evening on top of a swaying Fifth

corner honse was for her own use and,
}the house adjoining on Seventy-second
street was for her son. In the basement
enue bus are tenanted only by the ser- | of the corner house is a natatorium, The
cits who keap the place in readiness for | house also contains fine reception rooms,
troartival atany time of their employers. | gy library, billiard room and a music
realty man who has an inclination, room, all finished in the finest material
¢- Agureas says there are upward of
$° 0900 in Ane houses occupied only
vante and caretakers within a few
s<aof Central Park. Another thought
s Sgure a very conservative estimaty
He thought $35.000,000 would not be any
great since one of these houses is
va jad at $8,000,000 alone. Many of these
isee are deserted because of the ex-
‘genclea of active business life, soeeial
woime or asa result of efforts to satisfy
sentiment Marriage and death
hive robbed manv houses of their ten-
and others have been made idle
troough the idioswnerasy of the people
roo built therm ‘Lhen domestic troubles
have cansed many houses to be left only
broad halls

 

 

  

ane

nite

to servants to eniov their

aoa spacious rooms
\nong New York's most conspicuous

ceortees are Henry © Frick Charles M

soeat and Senator WooAo Clark Mr
1 rethe Vanderbilt: house whieh
wands northwest corner of Fifth +

Fifty-second = street He
; paving George Vanderbilt
$199 a vear for the use of that house,
vhich he occupies not more than two
He has had it for about |
There ia nothing to indicate |
2 passerby that it is used by the

‘ more than sixty days in the | ; aa
\) thia rate he paya more than | and of the best workmanship. Family

jae i ; ; t *, . ]
$61) for every day he spenda in the house dissension is raid to have prev ented the
use of the houses. Mrs. Waldo would

é ane abd

ne heen

months a vear

Recweew ord & 74th

er teyre

 

s row preparing to build a home ;
ater tea nfitha: oldu liehor. (ome there, and her aon, the Police
‘ . : : : e c t acce .
fh) avenue from Seventieth Commissioner, would not accept the ad

!
} i 6G ~mai
which he bought | joining house So the houses remained

Vanderbilt, Yacant Not long ago the skylight on
: : ‘ ‘the big house on the corner fell in. It
We for this prop- | °

: was not replaced and rain and snow

$3.000,000 house | ;
Mr. Frick will | ¥e"! through the opening. Mrs. Waldo
; ‘

was offered $400,000 for her house some
o more time to spend , :
; : time ago, but she refused to take it.
alls and galleries and library | ; |
; For a time she refused to either sell or
e has for the Vanderbilt, house FA ; ; ;
Le) rent Time after time it was taken into
of too much business with | ; :
the auction market in foreclosure pro-

ret si reets

- ‘ fter he took the
raid $2
nd je to ereet a

When it

Nave

ra built

‘a fire |

- ease

sh : an eee Aida ee ' ceedings But Mrs. Waldo each time |

aaKe EHP Sleliae BARAT OnGS }but the last had a representative on hand

_|to buy it for her, The last time she per- |

ree feerees ale ee i mitted it to go and it was bought by a)

; Brooklyn bank for $152,000 |

omone end of the coun- On the vacant plot at the north corner
Vevaliv when bis busts) oe pith avenue and Seventy-second |

eat ae prion ones ‘ | street stood formerly the home of James
oon NS health to go abreac. | Siliman, once president of the National |
. aes se than a month can. City Bank. For two yeara before its re- |

moval it was unoccupied by the banker. ,
red brick French house seated | The site, which is still held by Mr. Still- |
F of the block between River-| man, is valued by the city at $550,000
oe and West End avenue, Seventy: | ytre. BE. H. Harriman took from among |
1 Seventy-fourth streets, is the line Fifth avenue unused houses the Dow
{ Charles M. Sehwab. He built | house and the Bishop house at the north |
dozen yeara ago at a cost Of | corner of Sixty-ninth street. The Bishop
so oou.00, but haa occupied it} house adjoining the corner was bought |
about as many days as would | few years ago by the late E. H. Harri- |
weeks. He is head of one of /man. It had been vacant for several
oe! companies of Pennsylvania | veara and the general belief among
‘hie time is spent at the hesd- | tyokera and residents of the block was
his company in Pittsburg. |that the property would never see a ten--
‘here he is in Europe, presum- | ant.again. The same waa thought of the
easure, but always with @n) oid house at the corner erected by David
ering the business of hi®! pow, an old time grain operator. It was
Landing from Europe late | puilt when that part of Fifth avenue had
{ay he might motor up to his River- | ¢ew houses. After taking the Bishop
sf Deve house and spend the night) house Mra. Harriman to protect her home
"Tf the ship gete in early he may | hought the Dow house, thereby robbing |
inmediately for hia fleld of opera- | the avenue of some of its romance.
Pittsburg; or he might put up at It is four years since the Yerkes house
ene of the New York hotela ‘The house) at the aouth corner of Fifth avenue and |
oms forgotten’ by him, though it costs | sigty-eighth street has been occupied. |
s than $20000 a year in taxen, 48 /It is on the market for anybody with a |
~ Heseeded at $1,200,000 by the Tax’ million or so to invest in one of the finest
Pp aetniens | residences to he found in New York. It
's another reason for this house | waa built by Charles 'T. Yerkes, the great,
hers left wear after vear solely in the }traction man of Chicago and London.
rords ofa staff of servants. Mr. Schwab| He atocked it with art treasures that he
mas the first of the young men made by | picked up on his travels about the world
Nidrewe Camegie to follow the steps of | He had so much art that he was forced to |
' id master and come to New York to | buy the dwelling adjoining and erect on
He tmed for a location on Fifth its lot anart gallery costing a lot of money. |
but there was not any suitable! The dwelling stands out prominently
e had So he bought the block on! among Fifth avenue's fine homes Mrs.
is de Drive, He put upa great house, | Yerkes occupied the house for a while}

fice)

compar

 

Ae otige

vostong much money on it, This was) after the death of her husband, It was
'asen te indieate that Mr. Schwab was) sold three years ago at auction together
suing on for nocial position, He oecupied | with the library to Robert EB. Dowling for |

$1,239,000. Thomas F. Ryan, who lives |
Mitsburg to take up the reins of busi- on the south corner of the block, later
se Wiveh he relinquished ta come to! bought the library from Mr. Dowling
New Mr Dowling still holds title to the resi
Comiunhack to Fifth avenne'’s tenant. dence but would like to pass it te some
ss hoses the most notable is the home. oneelse, as it costs considerable money in
ee Semates ‘taxes alone to carry it
Built several Princess Del Drago, who was formerly
yosith an eve to social position | Mrs Josephine Sehmidt, wife of the
New whut was said it cost the copper) brewer, spent but little time in the tur: |
tig prard oof $5.900.000, He has
RBru it emcusionally, but most of the time

Nouse for a short time and then left

Clark at the north corner

MOOT N me Cen th stimeedt
\
OAre

 

Continued on Sizth Pege.

 

|

 

Ochwek Mawzsior EFiverside Drive

| street

Splendid New York Homes That Know No Tenants

 

 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
          

 

 

© Drexel) Houee
1 Facer 62nd Sfrreer’,

   

Never Completed Wald
Nouse, 72548 Madison

 

   
        

Street

 

REALTY
BANK SELLS ON BROADWAY.

Gives Property Near Grand Street

for Uptown Apartment.

The Columbia Bank has sold the five-
story store and loft building on lot 24x
100 at 436 Broadway, adjoining — the
southeast corner of Grand street, to the
Alllance Realty Company.

This property was taken in part pay-

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1913,.—Copurtont.

TE MARKET NEWS

Old Gildsord Resad ence

ACTIVITY

ment for the Belle Rose, nm six-story |
apartment house at 280 West 118th!

street, the sale of which was reported
yesterdays
DEAL FOR UPTOWN APARTMENT,

If negotiations now under way are
successfully closed the New York Real

feet west of Twenty-third avenue, for It is understood that the road plans
tJohn W. Wilson to an investor. to put up structures ten stories high, k
John TD. Trice has bought from Fdawin! including sub-surface floors, which are

EFatate Security Company will purchase |

from Abraham Ruth the block front on
the west side of St. Nicholas
from 158th to 159th street, consisting of
the Franklyn Ifall apartment house, it
six-story bullding with frontage of 205.4
feet on the avenue, 78.5 feet on sth
and 41.1 feet on Vth street,
Charlies J. Melenna is the
the deal

OTHER SALES IN MANSTATTAN,

West yrs STREET Samuel
Schneider is reported to have sold 63
to 67 West 11th street, a
flat, on plot 46.9N100.11,

WEST 10O1IST STREET William fi.
Mason has sold for Mrancis M. Schiff-
mayer the five story flat, 2oxN100 11, at
18S West 101st street

RICHMOND DWELLING SALE,

1 Sterling Drake has sold toy
Vireom to Martin G. and Althaea B
Kinilund a néw cottage on the north gide
of New York avenue, Weaterletgh, Staten
Island, plot 49x90, whieh thes
eceupys

SALES OF BRONX PLOTS,
HONEYWELL AVENUE FP. J. Wood
has sold for the estate of George W.

1
on wilh

Morrig the northeast corner of Floneye' «’:eet was given in part payment.

avenie,

broker in|

five-story

‘
+
Geol ae

hal, Oe

 

————

<< Sl

 

 
 
  

 

 

 
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
    
  
        
 
     
  
     
 
  

Praivcese De} Dragos Heuse
@2nd 3# and Stra. An we.

  

ered for

TOs errzess
ove

Former Whitney Houle
Sth Ave & 57th.S¥.

   
  
 

TH. STV AND LEXINGTON AVE.

Havermeyer Residence
Commer S8bh St and Madisow Ave _

IN

well avenue and 180th street,

CITY AND SUBURBS
two 210 ACRES OF WAREHOUSE SPACE.
frame buildings, on plot 35x90, |

CARTER AVENUBR—F. J. Wood has) y,
sold for a client to Benjamin Beneson
a plot, 126x161, on the west side of
Carter avenue, between 175th and Recent purchases of whole blocks of

I7hth streets. The stte will be im- |property on the lower’ West Side by. the
proved with apartment houses, | New York Central ailroad are the first
aera jsteps toward the establishment of the

TRADING IN BROOKLYN, lereatest warehouse distriet in the
Frederick G has sold the twolworld, The city, through John Purroy
story dwelling, on lot 25x92, at 816 Ever-|] Mitchel as representative of the Board
green avenue to William) Roupp. for!o¢ tstimate, has agreed to the improve-
Charles Cronk, ; ment, which will be undertaken as soon

rank A. Seaver has sold a plot 40x100
on the south side of Fifty-ninth street, 220/48 somo minor details can be arranged.

¥. Central Planning Great Im-
Provement for the Went Side.

 

 

Isles

C. Gibson, the two story and basement {+ be traversed by numerous railroad’ Were

atone front dwelling at 1000 Sterling |
levee Mr. Price, who ts an old time ball}
pliser, amd sald to be the only surviving

inember of the old Atlantle baseball team,

tracks and switches. They are to be
ten in number, seven being located on
the blocks extending from Eleventh to

 

will ceeupy the house | Twelfth avenue and from Thirtieth to

The Chauncey fteal Mstate Company Thirty-seventh street, and three of
haus sold te Tamer Malouf the five story]thnem on the blocks extending from
(partment house at the northwest corner) month to Bleventh avenue, and from

Stee BDC VaR Oh Siete: Ah Plot Phirtieth to Thirty-third street, These
John (Giles, dic has sold for Mrs, blocks are cach approximately 625 feet
Allette A. Harre a house and seven lots | wide, With ten floors of that size to
on the east side of Hendrickson street, ad-leach of ten bulldings, less 425x100 feet
joining the Catholle church, to Mrs, Anna) for shaft space, the maximum allow-
Bergen M ance for such purposes in a storehouse,

1) S Tegan las sold for Philip Bier- \ tor each of eight floors to each building,

sehenk SO6 Nostrand avenue, @ five story a ‘e § 0 P
apartment house, an plot Loox 100, between | leaves net floor space of 9,100,000 square
or about 210 acres,

President street and astern Parkway. | feet,
Gg, W. Suvder & Son have sold for HE} -

W. Head of Mhiladeiphia a lot 25x110 |) Naw RAWBLERSVILLE STATION,

on the south side of Dean street, 270 fect

at of Washington avenue In addition to the station at Aqueduct,
eu ” ashin se ’

on the Roekaway branch of the Long
Island Railroad, a new station is now be-
ing completed, which is at the centre of

De. George AS Miller is the buyer of the bungalow development at Howard
the dwelling at 139 West Seventieth stot, Mstates, So many new additions have
sold recently by Pease & Elliman for We been made to the residents at Howard
ard, Mstates since the appointment of Joseph

Nell FP. Duross is the buyer of the 1. Day as sales agent that the new asta-
dwelling at 867 Lexington avenue, re-, tion has been found necessary to accom-
ported sold recently by Mre Mary
Murphy. The dwelling at 277 Weat 132d/the Jamaica Bay side of the develop-

ment. *

RECENT CITY BUYERS,

 

\ND
ats CIT

| miles In the Ashokan Valley taken for

 

'
| duct

The
Sth. Ave.ond 77th.@

B.| modate the residents that have located at) V@

1913, by the Run Printing and Publishing Association.

   

 

COMMENT

Y PAYS FARMERS.

 

 

 

WELL

FOR NEW RESERVOIR LAND

Points for Local Owners in Upstate Condemnation—
Flagstones, Doorknobs, Bushes, Streams and
“Quarries” Take on Wonderful Value

Men versed In the art
wealth out of the public's demand for
property do not all live in New York
city. There {es a band of several hun-
dred up in the Catskille back of Kings-
ton who could give pointers to the New
York sharpers, Simple farmers though
they appeared to be, they made Father

| Knickerbocker and his people in New

York city pay well for the four aquare

the new reservolr. No trouble was ex-
pected from these almple countrymen,
many of whom had never seen a city
larger than Kingston, the eentre of
thelr world. But the commissioners
who went up there to buy the property

| for the city were met with prices pos-
j sible only to a city of the wealth of New

York. It took them twenty months to
bring these claims down to reasonable
Amounts, With door nobs at $19 each,
currant bushes at $5, rose bushes at $6,
window glass at several dollars a
pane, it would have required the $163,-
000,000 appropriated for the entire aque-
system to acquire the
reservolr eite alone,

Ashokan

As noon as it became known defin'telv
that the bowl shaped country fn the
hills between Hurley and Brown stations
was to be taken for reserve water de-

posits for New York city, the farmers in |

the valley began to lay plans for aqueez-

(ing the Jeans of Father Knickerbocker,

— ay

ws oone Uisier county politiclan put

  

Glark Moamerexg

    

Vie “making the city chaps pay for their
water through their noses,”

For monthe hefore the commissioners
arrived to hear what these simple coun-
trymen would take for thelr property
they spent the best part of each day

| finding things on which to place a value,
size of thelr.
Ttems, it mat- |

that would tncrease the
claims against the elty.
tered little now insignificant they might
he, were jotted down with a most sig-
nificant figure opposite Nearly every
fone of the several hundred owners
whose property was to be taken had
an ttemized Hst two vards long of the
i things on which hea based hte claims,
' “It was one of the most amusing
jcondemnation proceedings I ever at-
tended,” said Henry Brady, realty
broker and appraiser at 262 West
Twenty-third street, who was one of
the fifty-four commissioners
, bought the reservoir site,
though a young man, has attended
{many condemnation proceedings, being
Jone of the experts for the city in the
: purchase of the new court house site in
the civie centre, “Every postmaster
within several miles of the valley and all
ahe general storekeepers in the neigh-
borhood turned real estate appraisers,'’’
,said Mr, Brady, “There seemed to be
;more money in it for them than in
their regular businesses.”
| These experts conceived values.
| They knew the property from passing
\it for ten or twenty or thirty years and
‘in thelr opinions it was worth all they
‘sald it was worth, Besides Jones got
go much for his farm, which on investi-
gation was found to be ten miles away.

For instance, one of these experts
claimed his client's house was worth
|more than his neighhor’s because he
has knobs on the doors.
“How much do you
nobs at?"
“Ten dollars each,” he replied, There
ten of them in the house.

“Yes, sir, those knobs are worth
] money,” said the owner of the house.
“They were made by Silas Withal, one
lof the best mechanics In New York
city. They are all hand made. I'd
\ bring Withal to see ye but he was shot
in the battle of Fair Oaks,"

A bluestone flag in front of the door
of a house was an element of Value, the
‘ commissioner discovered, which none of
the farmers overlooked to. put in their
jitemized lists for damages. ‘Ten dol-
lars was the lowest price demanded
for one of these flags, Mr. Brady said,
\The commissioners usually awarded
about $2 for the largest flag and less
‘for smaller ones. A currant bush in
‘the opinion of the farmer was worth
hh A rose bush was placed on the
list of one furmer at $6 anda lilac bush
at about the same price.’ When de-
mands were ridiculously high the ecom-
missioners had to call in a floriat to

value those

j) give them expert knowledge of the
worth of thesa plants.
He informed the commissioner that

| there wasn't a bush of any kind in the
lley that waa worth more than a dol-
lar at the most.

who \
Mr. Brady, |

of maining) aa bound to be worth a lot of monep

in the opinion o? the Ashokan experte.
Before the ceinmmissioners arrived more
paint had been brought into the valley
than for twenty-five years before, Sev-
eral thousand dollara was spent in red
and white and green and yellow paint.
It wae slapped on thick to cover up ecare
and the ravages of years of eun and
rain. Yor avery dollar that had been
apent in paint the natives expected
twenty in rejurn. For these reasons
houses were painted which hadn't seen
paint for a quarter of a century, ac-
| carding to one familiar with the district
| before it was spoken of as the elite for
the Ashokan reservoir. Paint added
| 100 per cent. to the value of the house
in many cases, the commissioner
| learned from the testimony of some of
‘the owners.

A well had a big value. Seventy
five dollara was the lowest figure asked
| for a well, according to Mr. Brady.
An enclosed well, with an arrangement
| for lowering and lifting a bucket, was
valued at $100, One old fellow held up
a commission a whole day on the value
of his well and bucket. He wanted
| 91506 for it, but in the end he got but
a small fraction of this figure.

Water power was claimed by farmere
who happened to have a stream on
their land, it mattered little how Iimpid.
Several thousand dollara would not be
too much to ask for a etream two feet
' wide and about as deep as the shoe top
‘in the opinion of the general etore-
keeper turned expert realty appraiser.

The commisstoners never expected to
be confronted with questions of water
power values and were not prepared
for the wily Ashokan farmera, Deter-
mining the value of water power wae
put off for atudy. The farmers wanted
the «question settled at once, The
reasen for thelr haste was Alscovered

few weeks later, when all the water
power in the valley disappeared with
toe coming of the hot sun,

liook, Which if a detriment to lend in
New York was nade an asset by the
Ashokan formers, They claimed quarries

'
\
|
|

on thetr farme, The Ashokan section
is in the heart of one of the richest
Iloestone telds tn this part of the

The commissioners could not
the claim of the quarry
Kivery rock in the place had a
value The cubie contents of each
roulder was determined. To get at
this a runway twelve feet deap was dug
down the face of the rock to determine
ite depth. Although the rock might
iaper off it waa valued on outside
‘measurements, A third of this was da-
duced for rubbish between the strata,
The conditions demanded that the
quarry men exhibit a sample of their
stone This was to determine’ the
quality As a consequence there wes
great demand for stone at one of the
best quarries in the section.
Valuing quarries was another fea-
|tura the farmers were anxious to get
over with as soon es possible, It was
,!n the summer time they wanted thelr
; Quarry damages attested. The commise-
! stoners learned later that many of the
, farmers had hard times keeping the
| freshet from running into the runwase
made for Inspection of commissioners.

OUNUES
overlook
jurmercs

But the commissioners didn't know of
this until after they hed made thelr
awards

; After having thelr property apprateed
jas quarry land then the farmera wanted
j crops paid for. Their valuation in this
| respect was as large {f not larger than
| for some of the other thinga they de-
| manded payment for. One farmer had
! cultivated a quarter acre fleld with gin-
|sene. This is a Chinese plant and {a
} hard to raise in this country. It {s grown
iunder cover and is very valuable.
This farm happened to be the firat to
he taken. The owner claimed some-
thing like $50,000 for his quarter acre
of ginseng. Expert horticulturists
were called to help the commission, and
finally a member of the Chinese Govera-
ment In the country was asked to tell

the commission something of the value ~

of ginseng. '
An award of $30,000 was paid for the
farm. Several other farmers were soon
found growing ginseng. It was shown
to have been planted with much haste,
Every man has a cemetery lot ten
feet long and six feet wide. The com~
missioners had to consider each of them’
separately, which was one of the most
odious tasks of the work. The farmers,
wanted $25 a lot and the city would give
but $20. That was economy on the face
of it. Rut to save $6 the city had to
apend from $150 to $450, as it took a
commission, at $50 a day, at least three
days to settle one claim. When Mayor.
Gaynor came into office he stopped this
and eigns were placed on trees in the
valley that the city would pay no more
than $16 for each cemetery lot. This ing
cluded the cost of removing the body,
In cases the commissioners were intens
tionally liberal. The blind and the lame
were well paid for their lands by Father
Knickerbocker, A blind girl was given
$1,700 for a three-quarters of an acre
farm which was worth not more than
$400. It was her only source of income.
She had a cow and a small garden which
was kept planted by her neighbore.
The taking of the Ashokan took from
her a friend who had made {t possible
for her to live. She had to go several
miles across the hills to another rec-
tion entirely new to her and among
strangers. With her eyesight gone she
was in a hopeless position as far ae her
future was concerned unless the com.
mission gave her a good price for her
property. They awarded the highest
{price possible, There were many such
cases in the Ashokan section,
Values in the Ashokan dlatriot wera
hard to determine, since there were
; none until New York city wanted the
' property. Mortgages sometimes ran for
;twenty veara, They were pald off in
work or in loads ef hay. To euBeten-
tiate values several farmera forget
themselves and offered receipte for hey

they had given im part payment Cor

& house with a coat of fresh patat mortgages on their preperty,

t

ee

ae na Sen er ane