ott dae teal

a es

Sots
anneal

x oeae

Saiae inane

te

4

— OO ——

 

By BURGOYNE HAMILTON,

AILURE to grasp facts is one of

our most dangerous faults. We

read of the needs of our system

of national defence, we

photographs and figures telling of its

defects, which are unquestionably true,

yet the majority of us give no attention

to the matter. We pay high salaries to

officials for their expert opinions, which

are promptly consigned ‘o the ever wait-

ing pigeon hole or the waste paper
basket,

We have been told that certain police
departments were corrupt, that many of
their members were worse than the
bandits whom they were being paid to
repress, yet that such was the case was
not generally realized until the actual
conviction of crime of some of these
men,

A large percentage of Americans be-
Neve that we shall never have another
war, while another contingent are thor-
oughly convinced that war is not an im-
Possibility, but that if one should occur
we could prepare for and carry out our
purpose, whatever it might be. A very
6mall proportion of us believe that we
are still likely to take up the cudgels
of defence, and these few are anxious to
see plenty of cudgels on hand.

It is very difficult without being ap-
Parently unpatriotic to induce the averel
age American to look our military con-
ditions squarely in the face. Conceit,
self-assurance, false optimism, call it!
what you may, has’ unquestionably
blocked our progress in the defence of
the land. If we are so fond of this land
of ours why do we not afford it enough
protection to prevent its being invaded |
by an enemy? |

Would a sensible person hire a five-|
year-old boy to act as caretaker and
watchman for his home? Would a uni-|
versity send a football team of three |
undersized players in against its op- |
ponents’ eleven huskies? Such ques-
tions seem ridiculous, yet one pictures
our present condition and the other our
condition as it would be in the event of |
war with a first class Power.

It has recently been shown that our
resources so far as field artillery and
its ammunition are concerned are wo-
fully lacking. Now let us turn to the
question of military rifle shooting.

Of course it must be taken for granted
that a man who has never fired a ser-
vice rifle is certainly not fit to be rushed
to the skirmish ine; that he should first
receive at least rudimentary instruc-
tions. It should also be conceded that
@ man who has had some training, but
who cannot do better than hit the onter
edge of a target at yards in a
friendly competition, is not a very valu-
able asset as an infantryman in action.

America as a rifle shooting nation
ranks very low. To be we have
rifle teams which have won against all
other countries, but the members of
these teams are specialists. They live
to shoot, they are trained in a sys-
tematic way, they use the best ammunl-
tion In the world and their rifles are
picked weapons, all star gauged. They
make a study of wind velocities, mir-
ages, bullets, powder, lights and sights,
spending a great part of the warmer
seasons on the outdoor ranges and in
winter practising at indoor galleries,

These ultra experts constitute a very
small proportion of our meagre rifle
shooting population, and in actual hos-
tilities it is doubtful whether their ex-
cessive ability would be of great value,
that is on the firing line. It seems rea-
sonable to suppose that a regiment made
up wholly of sharpshooters would prove
more efficient than one composed half
of experts and half of marksmen. Mili-
tary riflemen are divided into thre:
classes—tnarksmen (lowest), sharp-
shooters (intermediate) and experts
(highest).

eee

 

sure

To be termed a sharpshooter a man
must indeed be a very good shot, and
under conditions presented by modern
warfare for this class
leaves little to be desired by the regi-
mental commander,

It is surprising how little the average
American knows about rifle shooting
Give him his choice and he will take up
the shotgun in preference to the more
beneficial weapon, The reason for this
Is that clay bird matches held
weekly in most cities and towns, and are
of easy access, while rifle ranges are

qualification

i

 

about as accessible for civilians as
Mount McKinley is for explorers,
A New York civilian desiring to

spend a few hours at outdoor military
rifle practice would great diffi.
culty in securing range accommodas
tions. He could probably find his way
to Peekskill or Blauvelt, but unless he
had made previous urrangements,
ceived permission and secured a man to
tend his target his trip would be for
naught. The miliiaman has more op-
portunity, and rightly so, but at best
he must spend time and money and take
great trouble to obtain practice out-
side of that ordered for his organiza-
tion on special dates,

To give an idea of how one Eastern
State tries to teach its militia to shoot
the following facts are presented, First

a day is set for a certain company to
occupy a certain range. The company
leaves home at daybreak, goes by rail
some forty miles, hikes two more, sends
its own men to the pits to arrange
targets and finally commences firing
between 9 and 10 A. M,, continuing

have

re-

rr

 

,

until about 5
hour at noon,
The writer witnessed the perform-
ance of one of these companies, which
Was about fifty strong. The men all
knew the manual of arms fairly well,
but as to the real use of the weapon
with which they were armed they were
untrained, with the exception of six-
teen who qualified as marksmen, Only
sixteen out of fifty is a very discourag-
ing record, but these men couldn't be
blamed, They simply hadn't the facili-
ties for learning, With proper training
and with more than one day spent on
the range probably the remaining
thirty-four would have become marks-
men and some of them sharpshooters,

I, M. excepting for an

 

Unquestionably there are many
thousands of militiamen in the United
States that are little better off,

The so-called natural rifle shots of

America are certainly not much in evi- |

dence when it comes to using @ service
Weapon, and in the event of war no
other arm could be permitted,

If all American se} were
taught, as the youngsters of some other
countries are, to use small rites,
ating to the service arm when tl

woolhoys

gradu.

  

euracy and physique permitted, our
efficiency In marksmanship would in-
crease amazingly. Some schools have

rifle teams at present and these are giv.
ing a good account of themselves, but
the number of schoolboy
small as compared with the total popu-
lation as to be almost insignificant.

It is astonishing that so many parents
object to their boys learning to shoot on
the ground that it produces a desire for
war, a desire to kill, As a matter of fact
every boy should be made acquainted
with firearms as a matter of precaution,

If he is a@ real boy he is bound some
day to have a desire to shoot, If
parents make it necessary for him to
do his shooting surreptitiously the
chances are that he will handle his
rifle improperly or carelessly—a_ very
dangerous matter In either case,

Rifle shooting is a sport just as base-
hall, tennis and running are sports, and
thousands of youngsters could easily
be trained annually through their own

shots is

 

S$

‘ir ace}

desire to excel if proper facilities were
supplied.

Accurate shooting teaches a lad to be
steady and gelf-reliant. It is a charac-
ter builder in every sense of the word.
It discourages the use of tobacco and
alcoholics and helps to produce a manly
man,

If all public school, boys throughout
the country had a proper opportunity
we Would have inside of five years hun-
dreds of thousands of marksmen who
had attained that rating with no idea
of war, with no intent to kill, and our
idea of defensive power without milita-
rism Would be partially realized,

The United States has progressed
more rapidly than any other natien,

 

 

at the firing point. Ranges suitable for
practice with the Government rifle and
service ammunition are much more
elaborate.

With a little encouragement on the
part of officials ana with very little
extra expense State rifle ranges could
be made so attractive for civfMians as
well as militiamen that they would draw
thousands of men on Saturday after-
noons and holidays,

That other nations realize the value of
marksmanship may be shown by ex-
plaining brietly what they have been do-
ing for the advancement of rifle shoot-
ing.

France in 1893 provided instruction in
rifle shooting for boys of 10 years and

New York schoolboys on the Peekskill

particularly in population and wealth,
but just because our geographical yosi-
t.on is such that it would be difficult for
i foreign Power to attack us, is that a
sensible reason why we should not pre

jsress also in a military way?) As long
as we stand by the Monroe Doctrine
Just so long will We be exposed to the
danger of war. The War Department
his no desire to establish an army
jhuge as that of Russia, Germany or
} france, but it would like to provide us
|with more than a meagre police force,
our army micht now he described.
|There are private enterprises in this
Jeountry to-day which each employ
}twice as many men as there are officers

as

4s

sy {and enlisted men in our army

The cost of building ranges suitable
for rifles of .22 and other small calibres
would be small, because no great space
is needed and small bullets of not ex-
ceedingly high velocity can be stopped
by simple iron shields. Pits and markers
are not necessary, as the bullet holes
may be clearly seen through telescopes

  
   
    
  
 
  
 
  
  

 

upward in the primary schools, She
spent during 1908 $100,000 for ammunil-
tion alone for schoolboy rifle clubs. In
the sixth national champlonship match
of the primary schools held last year
S62 public schaols took part. The Na-
tional Union of Shooting Societies of
France has some 2,300 associated socie-
tles with a total membership of about
300,000,

Canada insists upon at course of
marksmanship as part of her public
school curriculum,

Australia annually appropriates $500,-
000 for her reserve force of 50,000 civi-
lan riflemen and railroads carry free of
charge rifle club members travelling to
or from rifle ranges. There are cadet
corps in all the public schools, with a
total membership amounting to 40,000,
which are furnished with arms, am-
munition and instruction by the Govern-
ment free of cost.

Hungary has established a course of
rifle practice in all universities and

public schools and maintains camps of

Right and wrong shooting positions.

UNDAY, MAY 18, 1918.

instruction for them and {ssucs rifles,
ammunition and targets free. At
present 141 schools maintain courses
of instruction in target practice; special
low rates of fare on the railroads are
given to riflemen going to the ranges,

Sweden appropriates annually $210,000
for civilian rifle practice and in 1910
there were 2,169 rifle clubs in that coun-
try with a total membership of 129,82
Every village has its rifle range, and
although the population of the entire
country is only about five and a half
millions there were over 148,000 active
riflemen in 1911,

Little Switzerland, with a population
of only three and a half millions, boasts
of no Jess than 2,800 rifle ranges and

range.

3,600 shooting societies, containing
214,000 members, If there were rifle-
men in the United States in the same
proportion as in Switzerland we should
have approximately five millions to
call upon in case of emergency,

Italy, Greece and Austria have realized
the Importance of rifle practice and are
keeping pace with their neighbors in
appropriations and instruction,

In Great Britain money is raised by
popular subscription to provide instruc-
tion In rifle shooting for civilians,

In this country rifle shooting is fast
becoming a lost art. Through the ef-
forts of the National Rifle Association
of America, aided by army officials and
others, a bill to encourage rifle prac-
tice has finally been reported fayvora-
bly by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of the Senate. This committee has
recommended that the annual appro-
priation be reduced from $100,000 to
$50,000. It shows, however, that we are
at least opening our eyes to the serious
side of the situation,

 

Records of the War Department show
that in 1910 29,230 members of the regu
lar army, exclusive of those in the Phil-
ippines, received rifle instruction, of
whom 17,473 failed to make the qualify-
ing score, In the organized militia 51,749
received rifle instruction, of whom 20,630
failed to qualify as marksmen, There
were also 40,000 National Guardsmen
who Were not even taken to a range.

Out of the 25,320 students of col-
leges and universities supporting mili-
tary departments only 7,710 received
instruction in rifle practice during the
year,

Including 39,400 sailors and marines
and 3,000 members of civilian rifle clubs,
the aggregate number of men between

the ages of 18 and 45 who practised
with the service arm during one year
was 131,089, out of a male population
within the enlistment ages of 16,000,-
000, or less than 1 per cent.

The greatest battle of the Spanish
war commenced at its declaration and
lasted until peace was signed. The name
of it was “The Storming of Inefficiency.”
That was nearly fifteen years ago and
unfortunately Spain was net powerful
enough to show up our shortcomings
more vividly. If she had been able to
we would have unquestionably lost more
men in battle and perhaps fewer in
fever camps. but we would not have
been left with such a severe case of
national defence paralysis as we have
now.

What the National Rifle Association
has accomplished has been largely due
to financial aid and influential assist-
ance received from a small body of men,
among whom have been ex-President
Roosevelt, Robert Bacon, United States
Senators Root, Warren, Wetmore and
Briggs; Seth Low, George von L. Meyer,
Col, Robert M. Thompson, Gov, Had-
ley of Missouri, John Wanamaker, James
A. Stillman, Gov. Osborn of Missouri,
the late Col, John Jacob Astor, Gen.
George W. Wingate, Gen. Robert Shaw
Oliver, Gen. John C, Bates, Gen, James
A. Drain and J. A. Haskell.

Seth Low, president of the National
Civic Federation, said in a speeah to
the schoolboys in a shooting tournament

ee

 

 

 

|.RIFLE SHOOTING BECOMING A LOST ART IN AMERICA

Schoolboys Taught to Handle Military
Weapons as Part of the Scheme of
National Defence in Other Countries—
How Increased Use of the Ranges
Would Make an Army of Trained
Marksmen Available in Case of War

 

in New York: "fam a great believer jr
this work of the National Rifle Asso-
ciation, Patriotism in the abstract
a very fine thing, but preparedn.o< a)
vigilance born of such patrioticn «;
vastly more valuable to the nui a

 

Bits of Wisdom and Philo o; 1

UST for the benefit of his friend
J George Hes has prepared

ume of jottings containiny
clever things. Some of them follow:

Obvious facts are apt to be overrasd
System markets see the gravitation «:
history and fail to observe its «}
try, of greater though less ey cient
power,

cmos eases

Is not excellence in the ranks almos!

as rare as excellence in command?

 

There may be a golden {fgnorance. Tf
Prof. Bell had known how ditlicult «
task he was attempting he would 1:
have given us the telephone,

cr

Much 1s thought and felt which must
remain unspoken. Language {is a might)
empire, but with bounds,

 

A man's own addition to what he
learns is cement to bind an otherwise
loose heap of stones into a structure of
unity, strength and use.

“What does God do?” asks a sceptic
“If He is outside Nature, how can w
know about Him?” “If He is Nature's
informing spirit, then is not Science
enough, finding out, as it does, what Na-
ture is?”

 

“Depend on the priest for your the-
ology, just as you go to the doctor for
medicine, to the solicitor for law.” If
I observe the rules of health I shall need
no medicine; if I am prudent and just
I shall never go to law; if I am sensible
I shal! require no theology.

 

Chemists show us that strange prop-
erty, catalysis, which enables a sub-
stance while unaffected itself to incite
to union elements around it. So a host
or hostess who may know but little of
those concerned may, as a social switch-
board, bring together the halves of pairs
of scissors, men who become lifelong
friends, men and women who marry and
are happy husbands and wives.

 

We are apt to underestimate the force
of unorganized conviction in politics and
religion. Milk costs a city as much as
water, for all that its supply is unfo-
cussed, so little impressive in any way.
The milk can has nothing monumental
about it, but the lofty aqueduct is not
of more account,

Honest men do not talk about their
honesty; it is too deep to be In the con-
sciousness,

A mine is dug deeper than a cellar
and in more carefully chosen ground.

 

Teachers are limited by their pupils
orators by their hearers. The depth of
water in New York docks tells the ship-
builder just how big a New York siip
may be.

 

A good man fs good on the outside be-
cause he {s good all through,

Priestlings are enlisted long before
the age or the opportunity for an intel-
ligent comparison of religions and phi-
losophies, What, therefore, is a pricst-
hood but a childhood prolonged?

Some young folks have windfall
minds, prematurely detached from th:
tree of knowledge for a lifelong sour-
ness and pettiness,

a

The difference between Romanism and
Ritualism is the difference between
legacy and larceny,

There is no denying the power which
size exerts upon the Imagination, Com-
pare the effect on the mind of Sweden-
borglanism and Buddhism.

An oblique and subtle flattery has
come in with the reign of the people.
We hear environment and institutions
blamed severely, and with justice; but
we hear not a word about what a min
can do to make himself wiser, cleane!
better, more full of good will, And yet
if he wishes the nation reformed w!i:
can he begin better than at home?

 

re

Love is the stronger for a dash of
fear.

 

A great book {s a mine as wel! 15
mint: It suggests and excites as much
thought as it presents in finished form

 

A part may be more than the who
In January a garden, clad with snow
gives back all the sunshine it re
jIn June because it levies toll of every
beam, in the very deed of subtricion
its blossoms glow with tints and hues of
utmost beauty,

elves

 

A century ago astronomers, #00108-
ists, chemists, physicists, each }ad an
island of his own, separate and distinct
from that of every other student of
Nature; the whole field of resear:!) was

then an archipelago of unconnected
units, To-day all the standpoints of
study have risen together to form 4

continent without either ferry or biidse:

 

Memory Erased by Sandbaz

Writing on “Confessions of Se!f-!tob-
bery and the Retroactive Amnesii” in
Case and Comment, Prof, E. B. Dela:
barre of Brown University tells the in-
teresting fact that a concussion or low
from a sandbag will erase and drive
from the brain or the memory occur
rences happening within from three t
five hours previous to the concussion
but will not disturb the impressions on
the mind of previous occurrences The
author describes the effectiveness of
this knowledge in securing compl te
confessions from ‘“‘self-robbed" 1
dividuals as follows: “I talked the mat-
ter over with J. B, Hume, at that time
chief detective for Wells, Fargo & Co.
and he forced a number of self-rebbed
agents who were short and reported
sandbagging robbery, to confess, becuse
@ sandbag would not show any marks.
but as they in each case told ali }'-
ticulars up to the blow of the sandbags
he made them own up.”