6

 

 

“Sun's” Japanese Critic on
Drama of the New Sort and Its

Troubles in Japan

Censorship Dressed in Ancient Armor
and With an Iron Fan, Ambitous
Actressess and Commercialism Have

Appeared Along With Shaw and Ibsen

By YONE NOGUCHI, jis it not already understood that when
HAVES in mind to say that when | we encouraged and welcomed — the
the Japanese theatrical managers | Western civilization in Japan We had

of recent appearance, most of them | '@ expect’ her coming in her entirety,

young students of the Western | ¢ven with her unagreeable clement?
Hterature which has taught them = the moder Japan Pee ow =ue aint bh
joy and pain of modern individualism country who made le Waar uy tie
(they are more or less the followers of Whole surrender to the ae at t re
Ibsen and Shaw), are pleased to put | besinning? It ts indeed vOO LE. Tow
upon the stage the Western plays of a for her to insist upon her old ideals

and prejudices,

I do not mean that when the literal
translation of modern Western plays are
“noon our Japanese stage We have the
same social conditions with the West,
but we are eager for the same spiritual

kind almost dangerously critical and
unconventional they think it the way
profitable and even wise to baffle, be-
wilder and then silence the official
censorship by the great names of the
writers; let me say at once that there

is no country like Japan, Where the cen- stimulus and intellectual excitement.
sorship walks with all self-complacency I can say without being mistaken that
and old morality backed by Confucian- those Western plays will teach us,
ism even when we only half understand

It was first in literature that the land often misunderstand them, how to

    
     
 
   
   
         
 
       
 
    
 
   
 
       
 
   
  
 
    
   

tes

mn
_—_ ae we eo

   
 

   
 

Scene ‘rom Ibsens “Dolls House”

protest, and revolt and rebel against
the old faith and thoughts. When our

Japanese censorship thrust its own
stupid, even barbarous hand, that litera-

ture through which we young Japanese | mind turns to conform itself with
frst breathed the modern change or] Shaw's Shavian witticism, Ibsen's
evolution of Western artistic expres- | alarming exgoism and some one’s un-
sion. When I say that the theatrical | masking of old sophistication, certainly
censorship is only a recent creation in| {it {s time the Japanese censorship
Japan I mean that it was always in the | dressed in ancient armor and with an
most friendly relations with the Kabuki] iron fan should appear, And it has

Thearte, born from the old mind in love
with the bright color scheme and super-
ficial sentimentalism, which was, let
me say, a sort of Gilbert and Sullivan

been making its appearance for some
time now.

It seems it had a great occasion to
make a@ narrow minded and mistaken

comic opera. In that comparison, you} hue and ery when it stepped forward
must be sure, I have my mind only | last spring to stop Suderman's “Hei-!
vpon its absurdity. mat,"”’ or “Magda,” played by the actors

What the censorship was afraid of | and actresses belonging to Bungei
was not the absurdity or foolishness, but | Kyokwai (the Society of Literature

the seriousness and wisdom which | and Art, founded by Prof, Tsubouchi)
awaken us to the seclatistic tendency | at the Yurakuza Theatre, Tokio, from
and egoistic imagination of the modern | the chief reason that “Magda” was a

blasphemy against the oid
woman's morality. Japan gained the
name of the first country to correct
Sudermann, and even to add something
to him without his permission, when
the Japanese translator was forced by

West. Although f believe that even the
Japanese censorship has its own basis
of faith—and the majority of people
whose thoughts have been denied access
to the philosophical speculation and
criticism, Whose eyes see only the me-

Japanese

chanical comfort: and meaning, might | the Government to make Magda meekly
justify Its work —T cannot help seeing reconcile and surrender before the
the rather pathetic side of its attempt; tinal curtain dropped. Indeed, there's

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

NE prophetess who has plenty of

honor In her own country is

Mrs. Hall Caine. While her

husband Winning interna-

donal fame ehe has centred her activi-

ties in her beautiful home on the Isle
of Man,

“A wise wummun,” say Manx men
and their womenfolk with convincing
shakes of the head, when they speak
of Mrs. Hall Caine, for she is friend
and adviser to all her neighbors.

When she first went to the Bele of
Man as a bridé she set to work to win
golden opinions from the quaint folk
among whom she was to spend much of
hor time, for they were her husband's

is

people, And ft wasn't a bit easy to do
6, because the inhabitants of the “lil every one is a foreigner who
island” are resentful of foreigners, and | Manx born,

a

wr

reeba Castle

»

Yenyalou,

Woman

Impersonator

     
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
 
 
      
 
 
 
    
 

nothing under the sun which the Jap-
anese despotism cannot do.

The play “Magda” was received very
Well by the Japanese audience, not only
from the point of Woman's awakening to
life’s serious concern, the true mean-

 

 

 

 

 

Scene [rom Mag dao

ing of which would be only realized
by breaking down old prejudices and
conventions, but also from = the fact
that the question of the actress quite
occupied our minds at that time. When
the Imperial Theatre of Tokio opened

HAS CONQUERED THE MANX

Mrs. Hall Caine Is the Friend and Adviser of the Quaint
Folk of the Isle of Man—Her Beautiful Home
on the “Lil’ Island”

But Mrs. Caine never made a mistake.
She painstakingly learned Manx words
and expressions, and after a time she
sang her baby to rest with the island
lullaby, which roughly translated is:

Little red bird of the black turf ground,
Where did you sleep last night?
“LT slept last night on the top of a@ briar,
And oh, what a wretched sleep!"

Of course the great thing was to
conform to all Manx customs, and here
her husband's assistance proved inval-
uable to her, She sometimes tells of
her finst experience with the fishing
boats. The old tars were proud and
pleased to have her go out with them,
but when after a good haul they served
a supper of fresh herrings In the cabin
they watched her with anxiety to see if
she would eat herring in the orthodox
way, Which means that the fish must
not be turned over on the plate, The
backbone must be removed as the fish
lies, for there is a tradition that if you

is not; turn it the boat from which the her-

| ring was caught will turn turtle. And

 

the worst of it is that you cannot ex-
plain the tradition to any one and beg
him to be careful; you must just trust
to his instinct,

Mrs, Caine'’s instinct having been
carefully forewarned, she passed through
the ordeal gracefully and unconcern-
edly and a sigh ef rellef went round the
cabin, That helped her prestige enor-
mously. She was stamped as a natural
born Manx woman, and the mere accl-
dent of her birthplace having been
somewhere else was almost entirely for-
given,

In those days the Hall Caines had
only a small house near Ramsay, be-
cause that was before Mr, Caine's pen
had made him rich. Now they have a
wonderful old place, Greba Castle, where
they spend most of thetr I!ves.

But Hving on the Isle of Man nowa-
days doesn't mean being cut off from
the rest of the world as it once did.
Its wonderful climate, Its beautiful
scenery, its flelds of flowers and Its Old
World atmosphere, have brought it
fame, and Douglas is a summer resort
and a winter resort as well,

The Hall Caines are very hospitable,
and ivy covered Greeba generally has
visitors. Mrs, Hall Caine is an ideal
hostess. You can do as you wish at
Greeba, have your meals when you like
and come and go as you please. Be-
sides the guests of the house there are
always sightseers and the mistress of
the house sometimes Insists that tea
shall be served to these guests also,

Unexpected visitors aren't as incon-
venient at Greeba as In most house-
holds, because there is no servant prob-
lem on the island, There are no fac-
torles to lure the yillage girls away
from domestic service and they take it
up as a matter of course,’ Wages are
low but living is cheap and no one has
any ambition worth mentioning, so the
village girl has no yearnings for Eng-
land and she never dreams of America.
She works hard and is willing to learn
and Mrs, Hall Caine has trained many
a Manx maiden to be a cook, house-
maid or parlor mald, They never leave
except to get married, but they have an
inconvenient way of taking to matri-
mony just when they have achieved
perfection as servants. However, Mrs.
Caine forgivingly buys the wedding
gown, gives a handsome present and
philosophically sets about training the
successor,

 

           
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
  

the Training School for Actresses some
three or four years ago many young
Japanese girls, most of them having
a certain education under the modern
system and not a few of them being
the daughters of respectable and even
well known families, became students,
Although I found an occasion or two
to express my own opinion upon the
uselessness of actresses on our stage,
an opinion based upon previous ob-
servation, as we have so many very
well trained woman impersonators, I am
so placed now that I must recognize
the fact at least as a fact. I see that
some twenty or thirty young Japanese
actresses are playing to-day at one
place, that is, the above said Imperial
Theatre, famous in Japan from its cost-
ly Western structure.

What have they learned in those
trifling three years? I might be too
cruel to say that it really amounts to
little; but even in Japan, where magic
and wonder, it is said, always happen,
three years cannot be sufficient to make
a Bernhardt or a Terry. What inter-
ests me most in their existence (indeed
che actress in the new Western sense
is a new thing in Japan) is from my
reflection on them from a somewhat
psychological viewpoint.

It might be from the same motive as
in the West that their ambition turned
to the stage, because, while with some
of them it was from the necessity to
earn their own living, not a few of them
aspired to acting as the most effective

means to satisfy their own feminine
vanity with the people's attention
around themselves, Oh, how many

were there among them who determined
from the very. beginning to serve for
art only, or whose sensible minds al-
ready foresaw the great difficulties to
surmount In order to please that jealous
goddess?

Those who looked for the material
return now find after graduation, that
is three years’ training, that they are
not given enough for their bare ex-
istence, and those whose vanity ever
dwelled on the side of notoriety are
equally disappointed as their ideal
lives of actresses are most expensive,
We hear already, quite often, the story
that they are the cause of their fathers’
impoverishment. To-day, the question
of the actress, putting aside all its ar-
tistic discussion, !s really a hard prob-
lem, You must remember that this is
Japan, where true merit and value, not
only upon the stage but in all the
phases of our Japanese life, do not meet
a proper response, and money and ad-
vertisement use their imperious swing-
ing hands for everything.

We have too frequent moments when
we regret that Japan came too quickly
in contact with the Western life and
so-called civilization, and our restless
fatuous minds always feel first their
weakness. To make a famous actress
here in Japan is not difficult, because
you have only to spend money most
freely for canvassing (as if canvassing
for the election of an M, P.) to form a
society or club whose members shall

    
    
  
    
 
      
   

\
|
i
}
|

'

 

|

     
   
 
      
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
   
    
 
  
    
 
     
      
       

career mo TY”
ii % .
Pater Pah cies!

+4 ive e f

 

A Scene from “Lonely Lives’

| Part of Magda. in Sudermann's
“Heimat”; the other being Miss Ura}
Yamakawa, who played first J//rdda

Gabler in the month of October.

The former's natural gift fs well em-
phasized by her imagination, which &
passion in her case; the latter's pecu-
larity will show, if it be trained wisely
a no mean strength to express /ife's
higher realism, but as far as 1 have
seen them on the stage they ar
still struggling to master their own
technique, to make their art free and
effective. What I most admire in hott
of them is their one minded patience
and great enthusiasm in art.

It goes without saying that our
Japanese theatres and other entertain
ment ‘houses will grow Westernized; J
mean it not only in the matter of ar
but also in the general management of
the ‘houses. If we have a word ot
thankfulhess to the Imperial Theatr
(while ‘having on ‘the other hand many
words of denunciation on its cheapen
ing and the vulgarization of the stag
art) it would be for the simplification
of the management, which is certainly @
appear to see a play in which she makes | by-product of its own foreign structure
her appearance and back her, and it} The ticket system as in the West
is quite natural for the manager from |and the strict forbidding of eating ani
his business reflection to give her an|/smoking in the boxes and pit, again @
important part according to the num-|in the general Western houses, whict
bers of members backing her. this Imperial Theatre introduced In

It is an old story that the Jananese | Japan, ‘have met a great welcome from
stage is the temple of art; but to-day |the public, who had already tired of
it Ts perfectly trodden, trampled upon|the lawlessness and indecency of the
and ruined by commercialism. And cer- | houses in ‘the old Japanese way. Andi
tainly it is too late for a true stage} was perfectly absurd to think what 4
artist, whether actress or actor, to com-|high price we had to pay at the old
plain that art is neglected. I have some | theatre; as no respectable people would
reason to believe that there is real talent | go to the theatre from its entrance
even among the actresses at the Im-|I mean by paying simply the admission
perial Theatre, who are eagerly waiting | announced—but through ‘the tea houses
for the enthusiasts to discover them and | attached to the theatre, which ‘he had
open up the road of opportunity. to tip eg Ser Parte sven a

A few days ago I received from my | Setting a sight of the stage. fo begin
friends a printed announcement for the | With, you would feel uncomfortable to
formation of a certain Hakro Kwai (the | Know ‘that the treatment you receiver
White Dew Society) and the entreat- | ftom the people of the house whose i?
ment for my support andencouragement vice you were obliged to have ‘WO
of Miss Sumlyo Shirai, who, it was said regi according to the amount of
in the announcement, had been badly ' . ee RAC tha deat
handicapped by poverty and lack of It is too early to announce the deat

friends. While I do not know anything Pan ie eer cat alnig
of her ability on the stage, I think that BAIN DELOTS,

NE RA LRES EIA GO InGIKe igen bwtare (Eee pleased to go to the Japanese adop
Suc i assists e, “ y give ’ ° , re a >
tints a coniters. hae nae ae tee tion of modern Western plays o1 the

ia ann i it. she al a 1k ; ti ® | plays written under their influence Thi
ot Sr ehG. th ores pov aati a old plays have still their own audience
of wha 12 other actresses are working created by untiring insistence dur-
out, not in thelr art itself but In the ing the last 200 years; and it wil! not
way of winning popularity and general econ ale I think Taince they have their
favor. Indeed it is a pity that the ac- own beauty of color, though often con-
tresses in Japan are already degenerate fused, and sparkling point of sentiment
ing after having an experience of only though often absurd; and we are pleased
a year or two. Although I cannot agree i

; sometimes to return to old Japan and
at once with the opinion that they, be- ’ ; :

ing ly f ‘aluable live even awhile in the ancient elamouf.
OG eee core aneaen BPO VEIMADIO AS Here in Tokio there are three famous
a sacrifice to smooth the way for the

  
   

— You Never
Can Tell®
6

 
   

 
  

   
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

oming of the real actress, I believe No stages, where the No plays 7
co x ) f PSS, ‘lieve ne : a ¢ TeRilate
that the true actress, when she arrives played every month quite ‘A ae ;

‘| Once last Jun@ I took my foreign

should be endowed with great moral friend, a poet by nature and a criti
courage and artistic devotion to protect by learning, to one of them to see the
herself against the general corruption] jiqy called “No no Miya,” in which the
of the other actresses. masked lady, a spirit, sang her world
It is a wonderful phenomenon to see} wearied long lamentation around the
that now in Japan, or more true to say,] No no Miya shrine whither she had
in Tokio alone, we have some one hun-| accompanied her princess in her life's |
dred women registered as actresses who] day; by the way, nearly all the char
have sprung up, so to say, like mush- | acters of the plays are ghosts or spirits
rooms under the rain during the last] When we entered the house—the shrill
two or three years. Among them I can|ing sound of a bamboo flute
point out with pleasure two actresses] heroic stroke of a drum were alr:
at least who in my opinion and that of | heard—he remarked:
others will create in due time a certain “I am sure we have old Japan within.”
art pecullar and distinguished in thelr Indeed, without, we are even s:andal-
own ways. One of them is Miss Suma] ously westernizing ourselves. W)iether
Matsui, who quite creditably played the | it is wise or foolish that Is a qirstion

 

—

Egyptian Princess Talks on Suffrage

 

Continued from Third Page. mental to the woman is agains! th
man,
the case in the States where equal suf- The most uneouth phase of the suf-

frage is now in force. In Oklahoma, | frage movement is to be found in th
during the woman suffrage campaign,| regrettable fact that many of its advo
this was very clearly brought out, a| cates are avowed Socialists, free think

group of women being leagued with the | ers, advocates of trial marriages. «ffin-
saloon interests and another group havy-| ity systems and other “isms,” .\ move
ing arrayed itself against them. If you| ment that allies itself with the adyo-
were to examine the reports from Call-| cates of those who are opposed to th
fornia, Colorado, Idaho, Utah, Oregon] sanctity of the home, to the sacreines*
and the other suffrage States you will| of wifehood and motherhood, 1) tht

find very clearly that woman suffrage | purity of girlhood {gs a monstrous perl!
has not in any way helped to improve | to our social system, 4
the governmental conditions in those It is hard to see why woman <u frase |}
States, and that women have not put| should be in any way associated with 7
upon the statute book laws that would| wild and indecent theories, views «nd
help to improve the lot of their sisters. | doctrines such as those advocate! »)
This is not because they did not desire | the Socialist, anarchist and triui mar
improvement and development, but be-| riage adherent, These nostrum= *!!t-
cause the same natural division into] ply serve to undermine the statu
groups must have taken place in the} woman and degrade her ch.)
ranks of the women as in the ranks of] Most decidedly they do not in «ys ™
the men, help her to improve and develop
Furthermore, ideas and theories that We are now in a period of seu'! ©
sound attractive and ideal in speech | economic transition from cast ir)"
and on paper may prove to be utterly | and traditions of a bygone ax: ‘') *
viclous or unworkable if one were to]era of the democracy of thous!!!
attempt to put them in operation, I] life. No human inatitution evi! ©
am satisfied that women who do not] lished itself but by constant )='1')
vote have sufficient moral influence with | and ceaseless struggle against {0 ''"
men to direct them in the channels they | riers of nature and the tyranny 3 ™"'
want, provided that their demands are|The feminist movement has 1%"
sensible and sound, I am satisfied that | reached its acute stage. It cannot '
men on the whole are making an honest | ignored. It requires solution, Jt 1)"
effort for the betterment of the social | be met and !t must be disposed «! tha
and industrial conditions, It is unrea-| which is sensible, practicable and nat
sonable to make any effort to detach and| ural in the list of its claims must ?"
separate the interest of the man from| recognized and conceded, ani tha
that of the woman. That which is| which is senseless, emotional ad ‘'”
good for the man is in the interest of | normal is bound to sink and die « "at
the woman, and that which is detri- | ural death,