ee

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 18,

+ MAN ON THE STREET”

 

1918,

 

 

  

18

SEES SKYSCRAPER

 

Woolworth Building, from Broadway.

Pullman Building.

 

 

Wrestling With ‘Rev York's Billboard Problem—How O

- good taste and they are liberal in thelr
ae ; attitude.
acter of Its Advertising Posters—Billboards Should an advertiser consider him-| done better service,
self the better judge and wish to ignore; But back of this whole topic lies a
these authorities there is no law against! deeper purpose than the mere super-

Might Form Popular Art Gallery
his putting up his advertisement pro-! ficial alm of reducing the sizes of bill-

CCORDING to statistics there arey he does not expect his placard to tell! yjded it does not exceed the limits im-! boards and lessening some of their
3.700 billboards in the different} the entire story. He depends upon the
boroughs of this city, and the} power of cunning suggestion, As a
total area of placarded surfaces | Matter of fact if you charm the eye you

leave an impression far more lasting

New York Far Behind Some German Cities in the Char-

 

umns,
been posted, they are found to violate|/an artistically designed placard, This

the official standards the advertise-| may sound a bit far fetched, but people

3.5 00 square feet. This does not ; nay sound a bit far fe ’ peopl
’ : a Sie g ‘i val than that of descriptive text. ments are promptly torn down and the| are beginning to recognize more and
in le sky signs surmounting walls Either by color scheme, humor of | offender has no redress, more the psychology inherent in many

 

and buildings drawing make your display an appeal- |

ZS, In Berlin the situation is somewhat
If »u can Imagine the space between |ing one and the initial purpose of the

of their daily acts and associations.
different, because there is not a board

Arthur F. Wiener is one of those who

 

  

Fift! avenue and Kighth avenue andex- | advertisement — will be accomplished. | of advertising censors, but the whole ; Would improve billposting methods here,
sending north from Forty-second street | This might strictly be called the psy-| question is left to a department of the! At one of the recent hearings before
to Forty-ninth street cleared of all of | Chology of the art of advertising. The! city’s police. All street advertising is|the Billboard Confmission It was eug-

Germans know this and profit by it not

practically confined to cylindrical col-
only in the way of commercial gain but

umns at street corners or at convenient

gested that upon a certain few chosen

Re bulldigas you will have 68 equivalent | thoroughfares the billboards should be

ground plan of the surface of the bill-/in a material contribution to civic} places in the various public squares.|of moderate size but that over on the
boards. Picture this area covered with! beauty. Of course this logically takes| Again the dimensions of these display] “ast Side and other densely populated
ad. ortisements and you will get a pretty | advertising out of the province of the] places limit the size of the bills posted|tenement sections it might be just as
geod notion of the situation, crude lithographer working from more| there, and this, in its turn encourages| well to let the situation etand ag it Is.

7 iain . rartia} or less rigid photographs and places the| real art in their design. Mr. Wiener combats this proposition,

! y expanse of these advertising| is of veritable 3

: nd the manner of their rear-| creation in the hands of veritable ar-| ne German knows that the angle of “You know, it is to that great part
ae fears acelin eee erate || UME e : distinct vision is an exceedingly small! of New York's population that the city
ins awakened the city authorities) Here, on the other hand, the ordinary | one, and he puts within that compass must turn for its most vigorous cit!-
toa sation that something is wrong | lithographer is commonly supreme, and! enough to tell all of the story he de- | zens in the years to come. That mass
Ww! hillboard system In New York./ In his violation of isthetig standards | sires to make known. We, on the other| Will represent public opinion and popu-
For th» purpose of suggesting remedial | 1 is actively alded and abetted both hand, burden*our posters with an ex: | lar attitude toward any question,” he

Paes as ie eee gq | bY the billposter and the advertising panse of color and composition which| says. “In brief, the children of to-day
leg Mayor Gaynor instituted|, 7.0... These people are working by

nthalat ial body known OSERCY. vese people are working bY | confusedly attracts the conscious vision | Will be the eltizens of to-morrow, Mod- |
om \ ne ago a spec a 0d y € p the square yard; the bigger the sheets without helping a bit to emphasize the | ¢St means and even scanty sources of
as board Advertising Commis-|the targer their returns, because the point to be made. livelihood make those sections what I
Bivr \ report from it is expected| advertiser must pay more. Naturally One form of advertising column which| Call the gray areas of the town, and

e} cheap designs are more profitable to the

. the means you employ to appeal to the
lithographer and generally prevail, and

is met with in the German capital tells

From t » display surfaces it has ix crda® to. wive them & perte® pulihe the time of day, the temperature, the @Motions of the Inhabitants there must

| , e 2 > ‘ a tat t » » ’ } » Tid "Te

be a that the gross revenue | value he resorts to the expedients of barometric conditions of the hour and on OF ai aly nt. ues oa
ret : ani sache a ; zo ne eC: ‘ ints e compass, to- | fects of contrast. In a measure yor

to rtising companies reaches} yiaring colors, overdone details and a| the cardinal po of the compass, to have the mute strings of their hearts’ |

gether with certain helpful facts

able without regard

and

body and approved before it can be to the character) phere.

value of

 

Flatiron Building.

 

judicious straw would have tickled and|than anywhere else within the municipal

gates—not, mind you, to the neglect of
radical improvement everywhere, Take
into the social dawn of the crowded
areas a bit of humor and touches of real
art in the suggestion and the composi-

| posed by the municipal advertising col-| physical menaces. This purpose is the; ton of all posters, Give those people a
But ff, after the placards havej educational and uplifting influence of

reason to smile or awaken a sense of
appreciation for abstract beauty in ad-
vertising placards, and either effect is a
benefit if not, in the end, a real blessing.

“There is no reason under the sun, as
has been abundanily proved, why adver-
tising and true art should not cooperate.
The clever design will impress because
of its cunning, and when you have ar-
rested for the moment the passerby you
have substantially accomplished the
prime aim of all initial commercial ef-
forts of this sort. A great picture is
not prized for the pounds of paint or
the square feet of canvas—let alone the
character of the frame—and a playbill

or a bid to public attention for any

business end should not be valued any
differently.

“Here in New York the hastening
citizen judges of the merits of a theatri-
cul performance largely by the expanse
of playbill, and there is but one evidence
of the manner in which the basis of
popular estimate has been perverted by
the g il run of poster practice. That

gene

 

   

| this extravagance and exaggeration are
{not necessary is shown by the way in
| which the patron is reached in Europe.
| The business man over there Is just as

anxious to fill his coffers as his brother
incommerce here, but he has found that
billboard advertising can do this for
him on the Continent without violating

Metropolitan Building.

Photos by Paul Thompson

 

ther Cities Deal With the Question

stun with an advertising club when ay)city’s billboards in the tenement sections

Lessons from Europe as to How Education and Business
Can Be Effectively Combined in the Streets—
3,700 Display Signs in New York City

estimation of the critic and the dis-
criminating public. By boldness of de-
sign, irresistible humor or spirit of con-
ception and atriking combinations of
color—fundamentally simple though
they may be—he is compelling the pub-
lic to halt, to look, to think and to re-
member, He is making his appeal to
attention stand out and tell enough of
a story to sustain interest long after
the ordinary memory of mere text has
faded away. These effects cost the ad-
vertiser far less in the end, and they do
a double service, bringing patronage to
the advertiser and benefiting the pub-
lic at large.

Here in New York advertising in
the subway has been diligently op-
posed from time to time, and the reasons
for it need not be discussed now, but
there are other great communities that
have subways and are just as much
concerned with the promotion of the
public welfare as here

In Berlin, for instance, the new under.
ground has one platform in the heart
of the city pretty nearly as long as the
sidewalk on Forty-second street from
Fifth avenue to Broadway. Along the
walls of that etation are fascinating ex-
amples of what the German puosiet
artist can do, and the appearance of
every new design becomes more or less
the talk of the town. What more
could any advertising do?

Both in Munich and in Berlin, at the
annual art exhibit, where Germany's
best men display their pictures and
their sculptures, the poster artiet has
his section and shares in the honors of
the hour, and these are the men that
are building up the sinews of the na-

properly be termed the popular art &al-| tion's trade by the genius of thelr com-
lery and unconsciously uplift and pro-| pening craft, and at the same time

is no less an artist because he lends

“What I think we should do is to be} his skill to business ends, and the de- contended by

a i i: > " a a sxolang . x re-
$1 nnually. The prices charged ; superabundance OF, SR DaDANOrY text. garding the nearest bank, police or ac- cords to play upon, and the poster is @| p16 city’s charm by public eyesores in
’ tr ter at} s calls ots ace ’ “ - Rabat ‘ s ys é ) ’ L
de ‘ily upon the locations, and ian Sone eon pone ee uee cident station or other publie  con- powerful medium in this awake sa at | the shape of acres of flaring and riot-
the f public or commercial ac. py Bina fat pope! Dee nea tine veniences, The large rectangular Just oe at ee Rill BOS EAs oO hi iy ous advertisements.”
. . Ee ~ - , i . - , ep shows’ WwW yo 7: + f ac

th in the biggest returns. Ac-| ., ined adjectives. In short. billboards panels on the four faces display mov- | MOVIAS, B eture § oy pe ne a Mr. Wiener believes that the placard,
LEAS , ; 3, ie : them tend to appeal to the finer fee laybill st its various em-

cor t whers or lessees of suc |here are graphic doubles of the voluble ing advertisements, At night these are inde? And vet these lurid dseave toward | play) or poster in its arious

6 triven to cover every foot|“barker’ common to circus sideshows | uminated, Thus within ‘a Pe space | realism. are the things the youthful! ployments can be made what might

of: rand available and have worked | and similar misrepresented attractions. nae ar mai tk oo ae Tee } mind or the immature mind, quite apart |

.) Greiecadi ito ae . a mae axce rhe aybills borde on the . : . rea ) atte years is ;

8k lu halted by municipal poms | Hesept mer pin By Be eee a. aureoundines Somewhat, similar fr ry, Ee BAe oF pear cao aie | mote better mathetic sentiments and a

a In cOnseqARDOS TARRY: Gk She oh nae gen ral character and ‘sub practices prevail in the other cities of} a a cae ee nate offenders, be- | 2esire for the finer things of life. He

7” ; Ene ok a * k c o >§ > o : ‘4 » Ts, ? ' . n n .

t ra © become a menace to the | ee matter the Continent, cause all types of extravagant playbills | thinks the advertisements can carry

ey he danger of their falling, Over in Munich, which is decidedly The reform movement here is notj/and advertisements have a far more | wie ate ayare Rome: BOG ae se,

mi incy to spread fire and thelr|a beautiful city and one of Germany's) directed against commercial publicity) distorting influence upon the ultimate | the art, allery, which, while here ac-

pr . of disease by supplying| greatest art centres, there is a munici-]in itself but against the manner in| standards of the poorer classes than} . ye Hee ot Peri as ag

du: ‘rounds for refuse, while in| pal board which has official cognizance which some advertisers have lost their) they have upon the taste of their fellow) Deane Hay fe yw ,

ad they ar ie ft i t qa} of all public advertising, and commonly [heads in flamboyant displays and in! citizens that have been blessed with | comparat ve few.

ta ai icelicsie tambo placard must be submitted to this| posting bills wherever space is avail-,; more education and a brighter atmos- In Germany and in France the artis

a ?

t be supposed that New York
al re

adjacent property. We}

tling with this problem, |than that of maintaining a standard of

| posted, These men have no other aim
f ties here and abroad have |
a dealing with this question, |
m' m with a good measure of |
§ New York existing regula-
the direction most desired—

of the issue. Once |
r public taste and most of |
‘tionable aspects of bill- |
ippear, A garish bill- |
Lurt property values just as |
tenant will harm a neigh-

nd yet the courts have re-
e wsthetic values as a

for the exercise of police
mutter of regulating cer-

side

u have halted long enough
‘ing daily routine up and
lize the difference in
1unicipal beauty between
ind Broadway. The sub-
f the uvenue is largely due
et work of property owners
horoughfare and the unl-
fon of objectionable ad-
Perhaps it is not possible to
highway into a duplicate
fin of commercial temperance,
possible to do a broader and
rk in some senses throughout
1 and breadth of all the bor-
In this line of endeavor there

otable Muropean examples,
oard as we know it here is
‘ly unheard of in Munich and
In these German cities the
authorities have restricted
vrtising as a rule to certain
imns Which oecupy but a lim-
und are more or less orna-

! otherwise useful,

of the small amount of space
upon each of these display
‘he individual advertisement
sity of moderate size, There-
udvertiser knows that he must
© eye and arouse instant inter-
hecause of the space available

  

rof iu

   
 
    

CopyrighD by Mahonal Seintng é. 5:

The Paris advertiser strives to
charm the eye.

they are making their elties

beautiful.

more

 

Items of Interest

At the recent convention of the news- |
| Paper publishers the press agent was
'denounced somewhat sharply. It

was
some of the publishers

have really reached a point where welmore mindful of the displays upon the! signer of a fine poster stands high inthe that the function of such an agent was

eee

oF

 

The billboard as we know it here is practically unheard of in Berlin.

izer

A Munich billboard—Municipal

board approves every placard

before it is posted.

FPO ORE

 

to get advertising for nothing, which
was plainly in direct opposition to the
business interests of the newspaper.

Whether or not the press agent will
be put out of business, as some of the
publishers advocated, it isan interesting
fact that the occupation has increased
in importance and become the life work
of a constantly growing number of men
and women, The press agents in the
front rank, indeed, enjoy a prestige that
general managers of many large cone-
cerns have not attained.

In order to be considered duly in line
for such an agency in the gift of a big
corporation press agents employed by
smaller concerns keep a friend at court.
In other words every press agent has a
press agent of his own who is booming
his abilities where the boom will do most
good. When the vacancy occurs the
big man who has the power to fill it
has been pressagented so thoroughly by
the friend of an inspiring press agent
that he concludes there is only one best
man for the place and he appoints him.
All the minor press agents work for
their major press agent friends so that
by boosting the big agent they get a
chance for his place when he moves up.

Gov. Sulzer’s signature recently made
it right in law, as it long had been in
fact, for delicatessen stores to remain
open for business on Sundays.

It has been sald that the delicatessen
shop has developed into a simultaneous
blessing and curse. Whereas a few
years ago out of the food for Sunday
meals nearly 85 per cent. was home
cooked, it is now asserted that 75 per
cent. is obtained at the delicatessen
shop and of the other 25 per cent.
nearly two-thirds consists of warm-
overs from Saturday. There ig also a
remarkable increase in the daily patron-
age of such stores,

Formerly, and not long ago, deli-
catessen stores were found on avenues
about ten or twenty blocks apart.
Now on the thoroughfares of greater
trade the average is one for every two
or three blocks. And the fixtures and
appointments of the stores have in-

|creased and expanded until some of

them vie with the handsomest stores
along the best avenues. Gradually from
the pig's knuckle and sauerkraut stage
they have become establishments of
varied salables, including a large per-
centage of things formerly kept only at
the shops of grocers and butchers, The
“delicatessen trust” with a string of city
stores overcoming all other rivals is
expected next,

After a month’s investigation of the
vicissitudes of a street car conductor's
life on the rear end of a Boston trolley
car Edmund Trowbridge Dana, grand-
son of the poet Henry W. Longfellow,
quit his job recently, having had quite
enough to satisfy him. He declared he
was through for good and would try
journalism,

In the past few years a number of
sons of wealthy men have deliberately
sought humble occupations for the sake
of finding out just what there was to
it. It was the idea of most of them that
by doing what other men not in their
own station In life were doing they
had both seen and experienced the
seamy side of life and all that went
along with it. Such does not seem to
have been the case, however.

According to the comments and ree
ports of labor organization analysts the
man who enlists in any occupation as &
matter of choice when he does not have
to do so as a matter of necessity gets
only a meagre idea of the animating
and toiling principle of the average
workingman. When a man can quit at
any moment and not be worried over
the howl of the wolf at his door it is
not considered he can bear the same
burden of thought, work and anxiety as
the man who must get his pay envelope
or starve. In other words the labor
organization investigators declare that
in order to understand hand to mouth
conditions you must get in the hand to
mouth condition yourself,

a
. wa