_—

sng a i”

 

2a ge

+ mee

er ene

oc

ee

ee

ce ee res annem gene gmp es

.
5 THE

RO nn oe

SUN,

 

SUNDAY,

MAY 18,

1913,

  

ee RR

 

“WHAT AMERICANS ARE DOING IN THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE

FROHMAN SAYS GOOD /A.  G.
PLAYS ARE SCARCE

Well Known Amer:

\‘onagers Are No Longer Able, . oe a
to Deceive the Publ, | tans Sixth Year
He Asserts, as Patron of
This Famous
Sport.

oe

MARC KLAW PESSIMISTIC

Thinks There Are Too Many | Alfred G. Vanderbiit is undoubtedly
Theatres Here. but Mr. |‘ Keenest coaching enthusiast in Ming
* : jland and for the past six years his
Shubert Disavrees. | conching trips from London to Brighton
jhave attracted great attention. Mr.

|

| Vanderbilt has between sixty and sev-

Specia! Cable Despatch fo i
;enty horsea for these trips

He recently

LoNpow, May 17.—Messrs. Frohman, | ated a house for the season on the
Naw, Tyler, Shubertand Dillingham have staring Purade at Brighton, where he
een searchini: London this week with @ | one hetwoen his trips
‘ine tooth com) for new plays, but almost | phe coaching season hegan on the

  

 
 
 

 

Haley *harlea Frohrvuir lone 097) : :

futilely Charles Frohman we see NS | iret day of May and no mishap of any |
optimistic. He says he is always optimistic) kind occurred, The route followed this |
nt this season of the year because hel year is slightly longer than that of the
belleves that there will be a good erop , Pr s, Mr. Vanderblit having
se} which the aut !les

of plays Speaking of ¢ ditions gen s v ne th Au Sra uee |
‘ ener The rowte from Lon-

erally he aaid that the theatrical slump qo, hover theese roads covers |

 

was not due to war threatened war, sintyvefour miles
{inanela) depression or any such thing

“It is simply a tack of dramatic
material,” he said) “People go to the

theatre when they are brolte just as much
ng when they are] The trouble
with the dramatis
for posterity. My experience is that a
play that reads well and bristles with
literary excellencies is usually unactable
Theatrical managers are ti liable to
forget this

“Theatrical managers in Amer ca have
hecome Gyp the Bloods We now rely
on our low cunning. Time was when we
produced plays by Shakespeare and
other authors to whom we paid no royal-
ties, pretending wera uplifting the
stage. The p on tous We
are no longer abie to deceive them, no
longer able to give thema twenty minute
intermission They say it is a play they
want, solid food all tne way through and |
plenty of it. The public has become more |
telepathic, more Mireoniized. American |
Vertness is spreading all over the world
Theatrically the world thinks that Amer-
ea has gone dance eravy. A dramatic!
sfHeeerss must contain a dance Personally

 
  

eper

vis

isthit they are writing

we

   

le have gi

  

iam hopeful of getting a good crop of
mnaterinl Next weex [am of to Paris

und thence to Berlin * |

Mr. Tyler did not agree with Mr. Froh-
man, that conditions and
no material are responsible
fo He said

contending
dramatic
the slump

 

  
 

“When I left New York | intended ts
yest and not produce anything new next
season except “General! tegan’ and
Cyril Maude. My disgust at theatrieal
conditions in New York is exceeded only
by my disgust at conditions here. The
fnalish stage has not sunk quite as low
is that of N rk, but it is trving hard
to do go T am satisfied that this is a

 

  

Zangwill is right

 

mediocr Mr

period

in saying that genius only comes si ° Mr and Mrs. Vanderbilt. on the Box \
in a generation This generation has )
none of it ° |

vwv AMERICAN COUPLES NO\V

nance

Mare Kiaw was proud that his pre
of fifteen
of American }
justified

“Europe is taking kindlier to American

FREE TO MARRY IN ITALY

be true that the English do not wast Previous Trouble With Authorities

 

years ago of the don

vs in) Europe is being

 

our plays, but at present it is evident € cs ~ = |
that they don't want even their own Document Issued by United States

There is nothing the matter with the x {
American theatres, except that th Embassy '

are too many of them My idea of the

 

 

 

 

  

  
   

   

 

    

 

 
 

 

 

     

i Noviety

{the

anderbilt Opens the 1913 Coaching Season

go*
TaaA..
.
;

ro

 

Alfred G. Vanderbilt and H»s Famous Grays

in England

 
 
 
 
 
   
         
     
    
     
         
 
 

 

DENIES DAUGHTER IS NOBLES OPPOSE MARRIAGE

10 WED BURKE ROCHE

 

Marquis d'Aleedo Says News of
the Engagement Is
False.

U. Ss. ENVOY ENTERTAINS
Well Represented
Last Reeeption Given by
Mr. Herrick.

at

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sts
Panis, May 16.--Marquis d'Alcedo
writes to THe Sun correspondent:
“The news of my daughter's engage-
ment to Maurice Burke-Roche {s false
and [| would be obliged if you would
deny it in my name.”
gossip that the Marquis
made it a of the marriage
that Mr. Burke-Roche should pay the
debts of the Marquis, and it Is even re-
this desir
It is under-

is

 

condition

ported that he emphasized

 

by flourishing a revolver

Overcome by ‘stood that his daughter has retained an

to |
Rurke-Roche. |

expensive engagement ring, much

dissatisfaction of Mr.

The last reception given by Ambassa-

 

 

American dramatic millennium is that a oa a sale ee ane een: : Card nal Pomy Who is his personal aoe Miter: D Hemriok cai to i
some wealthy philanthropist will buy) oo ea Aes ; i caNients et of BOE et Ph ABA ah how averted ing to Rome was very largely attended,
up a lot of New York theatres and give |” ue Bi eman a8 oe O'! nnell) will a " repor ed that ¥ Mother Among those present were: Mrs. Beach
gala performances and offer the theatres, aha ae re on June 5 to Walter | Catherine Drexe owing to the d ‘ Grant, Mrs. Wythe, the Baroness Mon-
vanites \PHETALATS ONOUEh tol EO ler oof St, Louls. Mayor!ment about the choice of a godmether chur. Mrs. Elisha Dyer, Mrs, Raborg
G8 SOM VODS Zi FEAT ' eer ety ff Rome probably will perform left) Barbereini palace, where she was le SU a pies = hd
round, and they would benefit every-|ine oivt) ceremony and Cardinal Fal-| the guest of Mrs, Dahleren, and is now Mrs. Berry Wall, Mme, de Weerth, Mrs.
bedy. ; Pee a ; ‘conto the relfgious ceremony. staving at a convent Harry W. Lehr, Mra, Hamilton Russell,
ree Pian of the pce aan There have been no American mar- Major Cirrle and Dr. Riera.
a. 33 aarti niger pe riages in Italy for the Past three years, Donna Eugenia Ruspoll, nee ve Princess Mildred Rospigiiosi gave a
3, in Paris me Owing to the discovery of the inability gave a ball this week at her cast!e over reception at her new apartment on
i. or 14 franes and in London the stalls ef the American Consul to issue the looking Lake Nem! This is the first |... :
cost $2.62. That beats New York. The- necessary certitica The marriage time a big entertainment has boon | Tuesday.
atregoing is a part of the life of an Ameri-| dit uty Mas naw been solved, owing given at the castle, whieh has been t! Mrs. Hoffman gave a ‘uncheon on
can anda Frenchman. [ do not beleve| to the acceptance by the Italian au- object of much dispute since the death | Wednesday fn honor of Mrs, Henry Tre-
it is part of the Englishman's; perhaps thorities of a document issued by the of Ruspoll. His family elaimed the | your
because dramatists are not giving proper Ami rican Embassy saying that the con-; castle, which was purchased shortly | Mrs. Rene Masson gave the first of
material. I believe the policy of plaving Sular certiticate required by the Italian) after Eugenta's marriage, She proved}, les nent! Tt Jay
to a few rows of stalls is fatal English!) authorities cannot be obtained that she supplied the money. The casa |® eres of receptions on Thursday.
dramatists, if they want to keep in the This embassy document will be Issued) was decided in her favor | Mrs. John R. Chadwick gave a recep-
game, must stop writing sround bridge for the first time for the (’'Donnell-, It js reported that Donna Ruspoll, | ten to-day
playing, cigarette smoking women _ Schneid wedding ‘who owns the greater portion of the! Mrs Ferdinand Blumenthal will give
Mr. Klaw is going to New York on May |} —-- lake, intends seeking the advice of Vrof.: a musicale on May 24.
20. { Mary Josephine, the 11-year-old) Tracey Peck regarding making: an at- Mile, Mignonne Nevada sings on May
Mr. Shubert thinks that the number, daughter of Mrs. Lucy Dahlgren, was tempt to raise one of Nero’ submerged) ya 4, Baroness David Leontino's mille
of theatres in New York is an encourage. | Tecently confirmed by Cardinal Granite, pleasure boats providing (be Govern. pee m -" 4 , ‘
ment to new authors and therefore a good, Gi Belmonte, assisted by Archbishop ment accedes to her request that she ; Cale
thing. He is principally interested in Re eRe Baron of New York. Princess retain half of what ts discovered Mrs, Hart O. Berg gave a musicale
the present rage for the “Reyue’ in Kinsky of Bohs mia, the godmother, and Mr, and Mra. Charles A. Moore gave on Wednesday. . Among her guests were
London the Ttiev. Mother Catherine Drexel were 4 dinner ‘nm honor of Mr. and Mrs, | Mrs, John Ww. Stewart, Augustus Reddy,
“Iam not in London but in New York PT" Henry vans Mr, M ire has quite res {the Countess de Balllehache, — the
very revue | have seen, It requires {7% to the fact that Mrs. Dahlgren covered from Nia recent iliness | Countess de Moy, Mrs. Arthur Lord,
Ros gaits postraint on my part not to his recently been divorced, coupled Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart were C \ teas de Fels, Haron and Baroness
4 the box office and collect the re Pwith the counctdence that the godmother the guests at dinner of Count de la ¢ ustelll, Miss Mathilde Lee, Princess
go to th ms , . : happened also to be a divorcee, there Vieuxville Duleep-Singh and Mrs, George Holt.
ceipts, for | keep thinking Tam inomy wi gan. difficulty. ratsed by the Among the Amertcans in Rome this Miss Marte Aussenac played the piano.
own theatres, as Tam seeing my OWD) church auth les about the solemn. week are Ambassador and Mrs. Tier. She is a protege of Queen Ametie of
shows : character given to the funetion. Mrs. rick from Paris, Mr, and Mrs, I. Tl roigal and is going to the United
Mr. Shubert leaves for Parisnext week i pyinigren, who is a Protestant, wast Betts and Mr. and Mrs, Cort I’. Slates shortly with the Countess de
rasked to select another godmother, but | Bishop of New York, Miss A. Bo livans, nrney of Lisbon to arrange for a series
CARUSO AT COVENT GARDEN, sh) or Archbishop Seton, howe | Mrs, W. PF. Nast of Boston and Walter | of concerts,
- - ever, cceeded ino smoothing over the GG. Smith and Mis Helen Smith ¢ Miss Danny Reld gave a musicale on
Famous Venor Wl Appear ino erb oifticn with the new viear of Rome, | South Philade!phta Wednesday. Among those present were
Paglineet" on May 20. Lady Paget, Mrs. John Mackay, Mme.
aT ARIAT APIA Hen DALI GARI B ' Isvolsky, Mrs. Hugh oS. Hallet, Mrs,
ae My ae Enrico Caruso will | Will remain here to celebrate their wed.) Yan Volkenburgh and the Duchesse de
Lonbo ‘, 4 ay anata e - ul ) A a W. ¢. SPENCER WINS ding, jubilee la ochefoucauld,

OH as. : Py ae aif ieat ve $10 ‘Onna j Capt. A. W. Bjornstad, Military At- Mme, Emma Eames ang her eh peraers
the house has already been sold out, BERLIN TENNIS TOURNEY sis of the embassy, was received by peaye an a name on ednesday at
‘itnam Griswold appeared success- the Kaiser in fareweil audience on Mons) W2ee8 boll Sani. ;
eee Ve Gar ian ih “Goetterdaem: | | day last He and Mrs) Bjornstad are Consul-Gen, Mason has recovered

siseuiaiasaanianamasias leaving for the south of France on Mon-'!
i {day next Tf the War Department at
Em-| Washington extends his leave he will:
bassy Proves Best Among examine the Balkan battlefields
‘ ' ‘ ri4 { Capt. P. Niblack, Naval Attaché of the
jombanay, expects to leave for New York!
early in June to take commiand of a battle

merung” on Tuesday and in “The Fly-

ing Duteliman” on briday.

Third Secretary of VU. §&.

|
MONKS END LIVES IN FLAMES. |
Ten Hudahiste Set Fire to
and March Into Burning Maas,

26 Contestants,

Temple

i shin, |

 

Tokio, May 1.—The Tokio A vant | Special Cable Despatch to Tan SUN. _ Mr. and Mra P. De Witt Cuyler, the,
shimbun gives details of the suletde of ns Mae ‘former a director of the Pennsylvania |
ten Bud monks at Taihoku in| Berit, May 17. W.G. Spencer, second | Railroad, arrived on Tuesday by auto- |
Formosa mionh who had long Secretary of the American) Embasdy, | mobile, They will stay in Germany for:

   

been suffertng from re us mania and playing at the national tennis tournament | three months

@ general delestation of the world, set is week, won the cup Hit Pee |
fire to the Sekisanryo ‘Temple, to which | bh! ; 4 Ms SHR TOP: She ape "| Panama Canal Records Collected, |
handicap singles, and also the cup for |

they were attached, When the whole| : ; PANAMA, May 10. Work has been
pullding was well alight they recited| the open handicap doubles, with De ‘begun on the consolidation of the}
j

prayers and then marched tn procession! Hardy of the Colonial Office as his partner. | records of the Isthmian Canal Commis-
te oa !
into the mi ist of the flame. ‘ He played a splendid,
“Prom their superstition, ‘
paper, “that by this death they woul :
surely arrive in heaven, t suffered, and twenty-six in the doubles
themselves to be thus burned to death,| Mr. Spencer's parents, Mr

 

 

consistent game. | Sion. All the files of the French
;American canal builders that are worth !
i preserving will be collected, catalogued,
abstracted and in tireproof |

 

deposited
and Mra.

 

cases in the new administration build-
not suffering the least agony and ap-/ J. V. Spencer of Philadelphia, arrived
pearing most satisfied with the death} in Berlin on Wednesday by automobile|The work of consolidation will require
which they had chosen, | from Italy to visit their son, and they | about two years,
|
\ : f

from a severe attack of jaundice,
Al Hayman has gone to St, Joachim-
staf to take the radium cure,

Mrs. Henry G. Tinker is much im-
proved after a slight operation,
Mrs. Eben Wright and her daughters

are here.
George P
ment,
Mrs, Ogden Mills has left for London.
Mr. and Mrs, Barrelet de Rieou are
in Paris after a long Mediterranean trip.

Eustis has taken an apart-

Mrs. J. Ogden Armour has arrived
here from Wiesbaden,
Mr. und Mrs, Millington Drake and

thelr daughter are here,
Karon and Baroness Jacques de Mey-

ronnet de St. Mare are expected back |

from the Riviera soon. The Baron is

and golng to the United States in June as}

a delegate to the international polo con-
ference,
James Abercrombie has arrived here.
Mr. and Mrs. BK. R. Thomas and Mr,

ing at the Pacific entrance to the canal,}and Mrs, Ralph Thomas have arrived.

Mrs, Pauldine Mills has been made a
member of the Puteaux Club,

OF CROY TO

MISS LEISHMAN

Mediatized Families of Germany Fear That Their
Standard Will Be Lowered by
the Union

Special Cable Despatch to Tir Sus

Beruin, May 17.) The coming marriace
of Miss Nancy Leishman and the Duke
of Croy was one of the most important
topics at the annual meeting this week
of the Association of Mediatized German
Nobles held at Frankfort on the Main
Price zu Stolberg-Werningerode presided
Not much of the proceedings has
published, but it has become known that
the Croy-Leishman engagement pre
cipitated a warm debate on the questicr
as to whether Miss Leishman can becot
a duchess receivable at the court of tue
Kaiser and at the courts of the
German rulers as a serene bighnes-

The speakers pointed out that if these
marriages continued many of Germiny =
mediatized noble families, of equal bitrh

‘and lineage to the Kaiser's, would soon
become more American than German

and the mixing of red American with blue

German blood would tend to lower the

—_— — =

|
(

}

 

|
|

 

 

 

|
}
|
|
|
|
|

|

{ standing of

President Poinc

the latter in European courts.
The sturuestion

vent such marriages a revision of family

Was tnade that to pre-
and hou

se laws should expressly provide
ithe marriage of Germat

to American

 

that

 

 

girls would mean their disinheritance
and the Joss of all titles ¢ privileges ,
but it was pointed out that this is already
practically the ¢ is the house laws
prohibit the marriage of sons to women
bie qual birth shot of the dis-

    

could be done
trom capturing

Mssion Was that 1
Amoercan girls

AN Custies

to stop

Germ

2.000.000 Ceres Devoted to Sport,

   

 

lennon, May 7 In Scotland alone

t 8,000,000 aeres of land

i ed to spor 1 GOZ,.218 acres
bb \ 1 altitude, The
}rental, as given valuation reli,
s S918.040 vuinty with the
irae a ge «le 1 to deer and
sport is Inverness with 1,081,000 acres

are as a Canon

Scion Later vpiriow MAS FOts CARRE 1x8 PRES
REPUBLIOUE FRANC Aist PRYST EY SA cat LITE, Ob CHrenevetat

MANGERS pe TOURS or POL TIERS ORLEANS ec LYON: V EASE
VACAE RHE DE CHALONQ BENING sro SUE AN DS LATRAN A ROME «

(eae

Special Correspondence to Ti: Sun.
Panis, May 2.--The Vresident of the
i} French republle as tne result of a let-
jter written by Pope Clement VIL, who
died tn 1534, is ex officio a canon of Le
Mans.
\ that city, M. Echivard, has prepared a
| window showing the new Chief Execu-
tlve in his canon's robes in readiness for
an installation that is likely never to
take place. The separation of church
and state in France has probably de-
prived the head of the republic of the

 

honor granted by Pope Clement, and M, | gers, 4
Poincare's portrait in stained glass will! Vienne, Auxerre, Chalons, Nancy and of | cago, 1s exhibiting pictures

 

; LE TITRE DE CHANOINE pn HONNELK ne MEST UDLIEN pe MANS,

A stained glass manufacturer of

a
APOHNAD

we anna ee

1 those of M. Fallieves and M, Loubet ine
jstead of decorating the anclent Cathe-
dral of Le Mans. The window shows
jthe cross of Lorraine, with the dates of
) M. Poincare’s septennate, 1913-20, @&
} View of the cathedral ut Le Mans and
the figure of Joan of Are kneeling tn
prayer. The inseription runs: “In ace
cordance with tradition, maitre Ray-
{mond Voincare, ninth President of the
french republic, assumes, in his quality
joe Chief of State, the tille of Honorary
Canon of Saint John of Le Mans, An-
Tours, Poitiers, Orleans,

 

remain in M, Kehivard’s studlo with St. John Lateran at Rome,”

Lyon, |

HOSTS OF SOCIETY
RETURN 10 LONDON

 

Lady Maidstone, Back Fry),
| Cannes, Plans a Serics of
Entertainments,

EXPECT) |

LADY DECIES

 

Duke and Duchess of Roxbury)
May Decide to Remain at
Floors Castle,

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tres: «
Lonpon, May 17. Lord and Lady *|
\atone have returned from Cannes
Lady Maidstone will give se

| Paris
entertainments during the season
has a reputation for exclusiveness
beauty and is reckoned one of
popular young married women in society,
and perhaps the most particular
| Lady Decies, Miss Viviar
Gould, is expected soon to return fro:
Londonderry to Sefton Park
Lord Decies is at Kilworth commanding
the South Irish Horse annual training.
| ‘The Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe,
| who was Miss May Goelet, having spent
the spring and most of the winter
Floors Casile, are not likely to be much at
| Chesterfield House during the
The Duchess is in delicate health anda
interesting event is expected

The Duke has been salmon fishing in
Floors waters, which are famous for th:

 

the n

 

formerly

Windas:

Beason,

|

size and condition of their salmon. The
Dowager Duchess is now visiting then
| Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt is not ex-

pected to arrive in London until late in
ithe season, She has prolonged her visit
(to Bad Nauheim, where she entertains
{ quietly. ‘The hereditary Princess of Saxe-

Meiningen wees among her guests last
i week.
Mr. and Mra. Maldwin Drummond are

| not expected in London much this season
|They are travelling on the Continent
}and recently made a sojourn in Viehr
{| ‘The Duchess of Westminster and ier
{two daughters are visiting her parents,
Mr. and Mre. Cornwallis-West, at Ruthin
;Castle. The Duchess has taken a hous
jon Ham Common, near London, for the
| summe!

{ The Duchess of Marlborough at Crys-
tal Palace presented the prizes this after
‘noon in the annual essay competition
| of the Royal Society for the Prevention
lof Cruelty to Animals. There were more
than 292,000 essays presented this year
by children in a twenty mile radius of

Charing Cross

The Ear! of Craven has returned to
London from Coombe Abbey.

Irwin Laughlin, secretary of the Ameri-
can Embassy, has returned from = th»
Isie of Wight

LIVED FOR FIFTY YEARS
STRAPPED T0 A WALL

Nun of Viterbo  Prophesic:
Many Things, Even

Death of Pope.

 

 

  

 

  

Special Cable Despatch to Tite Sun.

Rome, May 17.—-An octogenarian nun
by the name of Maria Benedetta Fri
has just died at Viterbo from paralysi
of the lower spine.

Fifty years her death Was co
| sidered inevitable and the doctors were
| convineed that it was impossible fi
her to bear the excruciating pain «
, to remain motionless, as Was necessar
mere than a couple of days, but the
| strapped her head to the wall ay i
this unnatural position the nun lived
ij for half a century, never complair
| ing.

The people considered her case a

miraclo, as the nun showed a prophet:
spirit, predicting many events, such as
the conviction of the Camorrists, t!°
assassination of King Humbert and!

this year the death of the Pope.

When the nun celebrated the fiftict
anniversary of her filness the Por
i sent Cardinal Cassetta with an ante
graphed blessing and instructions
| celebrate mass at her bedside, Befor
her death the Pope sent hia blessine

! with a message ashing her to pray for
jhim. The nun may be beatifled in the

near future

The Minister of Public Instruction

 

}has given orders for the explorat)

| of Veli, about twelve miles from Rome
! Important results have been achieved
‘from the very beginning. An am)
ltheatre at the south of the city was
\Jafd bare and several tombs were «
cove 1 intact tin the

 

cemetery. lee
l sides a few tombs dating from th '

  

 

century, B. C., there were fot
eral sepulehres consisting of rectang”

 

llar ditches containing wooden boxes
With corpses With the corpses W
found personal adornments of brer
glass, bone and am!

AMERICAN HOSTS IN FLORENCE

 

 

|
|
|
|

Soctal Programme In Well Billed
Throughout the Week.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur st

\ Fuorence, May t7.—Mrs. Mdwin t!

1; Denby gave a musicale at the Pa

' Ameri at which all fashionable Flor
| heard the young American singer Mat
i gery Shriver, who also sang at the !

isieale given by Mrs. Pennryhn Newil
hat the Villa Malatesta

' Mr. and Mrs. George H, Smith gave
| .
fan at home this week Among thos

A, Moora
und

| present were Rear Adiniral ©,
and Mrs, Moore, Mrs, Sherwin
[re sister, Misa Jane Jones of Clever
land; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wigeins
Mrs, Drayton Hillyard of Hartford an!
Melchen Armstrong of Louisville.
Mrs. Lewis Einstein gave a
party for har sister, the Hon
Stoner, daughter of Lady Tweedale
| ©. A. Moore, Jr, and Mra, Moore ha?
{taken the villa Roseabello for a ter
jot years,
Wilfred M. Evans, who married |
lence Wilkinson, daughter of Prof.
1C, Wilkinson of the University of ©!
atethe Case
¢Giudi, Browning's old palace.
a

garden
Mr: