;
t
}
{
i

;
I
4

 

ene pete

FIRST PICTURES OF THE SURRENDER OF SCUT:

 

Asia result of the Balkan war, the
fall of Seutari and the consequent giv-
ing over of this coveted city under the
threats of the Powers, Montenegro, th:
favorite setting of musical comedy, be-
comes instead the setting of one of the
most of the age.

ANl dur the long Balkan war fn
which thoy fired the first and last shot,
the Montenegring, led by the indormit-
able King Ni

tragic dramas

ny
fi

holas, fought for one prize
and only

one Scutari, the ancient cap-
ital of Albania And then when by
Starvation as well as gunpowder they
had forced their enemy, the ‘TMurk, to

retreat, } +hemies the bullying Powers

stepped in and wrested victory from
their hand To a blase world it was
an item passing interest, but to these
mountain peonle who have. etriven
vainly ¢ Voades to grow sufficient
rain amor be crevasses of the rocks,

Was a } Vv othe effects of which
€ rT 1 Weak

a roo4s is Well known, stands with
te § ‘ inarete on the swampy

of the same name, but
is 1 reed and protected by fort-
experts de-
Chief of these
which proved
to the
This fortress is nothing

 

have

 

1reenanw
Tarakasch,

 

he greater stumbling bloék

Montenegrins
a teen ¢

leer re apd surrounded by fence

Te

ir cavity hollowed tnto |

_ - ne =

 

 

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1913.

 

+

 

 

 

Montfenegrine. Entering Scuvari.’

  
  

Here,
bloodiest flmhting

after fence of barbed wire. too,
was the scene of the

jof the siege, When thy
| surrendered en April 25

| officer

fortress finally
lust a Turkish

Wearing «a  biack headband
the SiN naz
; Meet the victorious men from the Black

{Mountains. The

| marched: at head of ms ta

| officer solemnly sur-
}rendered the guns one by one. When
he had delivered the last wun he bent

down and Kissed {, his arms in embrace

f the steel nor vet cooled after the fir-
ing of shot Then tarpaulins
; Were placed over the guns, the Mr
)tenegrin flag was run up and the war
Waa over

At 2:30 on that
| the Victorious Montenegrins, nearly ex
| hausted from lack of food and sleep,

the last

  
 

| memorable afternoon

 

 

)marched silently across the bridge and
jinto Seutari, their hearts beating with
lpride of a battle well won. ‘The Mon-
| tenesrin band led the procession play
jing “Oname, Oname,” ao march com
|} posed by Kingg Nicholas himse ft ‘one
‘ correspondent thus deserlbes the ma

finte the city “Ty Was no glitterin
entry of conquering legions, but rather

| that of an army of Cred soldiers wali
jing home in clothes stained and patched,
their leather sandals worn
{ The population of Seutart,
of the bridg

to wafers.
masyved on
gravely
Montenegrin flag us

by. The

}the other side a
luted the

| eceee marched

faces of th

 

   

 

 

 

      

 

inhabitants were drawn with hunger { 1 i ' living nd

: 4 : ‘ Jramatic Authors hiss hitherto looked P men to discontinue their diving, anc
and heir eves were lustreles. I 7 ‘

{ Se ae aia oe i with disapproval on authors who also} when the latter refused a boyeott was]
ut) l w j ! ote . : : :

i cir long wait for relief. A few of i manage theatres, but M. Sacha Guitry | de red ueainst them. The men wer
them cheered feebly, On through the | : recently obtained the permission of the ised from their homes und had to take
( ed bazaar district went the troops | : oe : society to rent the Theatre des Mathur ip their abode in a cainp outside the |
iid the children threw flowers, which ha aa” fing, Which he will open in Qetober jVillage. a bachelor community. But they
Were tredden under foot. The faces of } MM. Sacha Guitry, the son of one of the] con ied their diving and finally the
thes ame w withered greatest French actors, is lilmself both) Women expelled all the men from their
t ' sal ere ithered , { 14 1 '

‘ . i * (author and actor. His play, “La Prise| homes and undertook, in thelr clumsy,
from starva yet they | | de Berg-of Zoom,” has been one of the} | ‘t fashion, to do the housework
thus paid ho se Who Were no A. | chief theatrical successes of the vear j

| Thre heroes P . Wounded M. Guitry’s example has now peer have petitioned Parliament

Arriving in the wide barrack square, | j Tavabosh followed by M. Henry Bernstein, woo r rights The local police are
the Montenegrin commander cave or eS Hero | bss rented the Houffes-Parisiens, where | trying their best to patch up the quarrel.

{ders that rotions be distributed to the | \With pik own pliy, “le Haan ae et

1imiumphant run consent o Ve
{ Which Was done fmmediately Medals. fia fatViGe DraiNH tle AG 6 Has ih each + TRAINS FOXES TO BE PETS.
‘ became again a city of the ive | : Serine Ge a j —_——
‘ : cause be rive om the miitton that .
ing }Catiare is OY just at present. Ut is here ABO Peer meveu,CrU Be CONG , l Garmnn Dealer Has Plau to 4votd
i that } i ¢ Mediterrar yn | the author-manager produces only one |
= oiiacnip ithat in these day of Mediterranean of his own plave a year | High Tax on Dogs,

CRUSADERS OF MONTENEGRO, tris a iimpse or the Balkans has fof! i on ‘

| ail et ‘ > BERLIN, May 6.—To beat the city Gov-

' been achieved by he largest number | ti hic! $8 |

} ar bavi bk ‘ ‘ . Abe ernment out of the ‘co tun, Which ia

| Petroviteh, Last parents |e trippers, and a motor service is a WOMEN RULE IN THIS VILLAGE. | for the first dow ar ; $ for the second

recent novelt But the old diligence iersctlecsia-ecviak oe SOMERS etees or '
Bishop, Died G2 Vears Ago. Piece ne One ’ Nes Uiligence fa local animal dealer bit upon the plan
| rules showed a pleasing trace of pater-| yon in “Settlement of Nemphs |" ' p.m 7 . ; :
NpON, May 7. There is more than | nat government. Article XII provided | ; ler domesticating foxes for pets.

' ch of the erusader in Montenegro's | “that the traveller is entitled to the saat | Prepare to Might for Rights. The Germans are as fond of dogs as

Ia i ! Lt USS1 the | >l marked ut ' ket, but the respect | Tokto, May 1.-- From time immemoria! " is many of the poorer
State wa erned by the j due by the young to the old rec :{a Httle village has existed on the Cane \s e to keep them because
HrincesEisho Wus i VeSPITILUAL that the former s lalwavs vield the | of Shima in Japan, the name of w this dealer advertising

stor and te if the Monte best places to thelr niors” it Japanese means “the Settlement mes at $1.50 each points
exrins, wiel e sword as Ww ‘ Nymiptis Woman in this y ge is the t itt ¥ don't come under the
he crozier in the old stwle of the chure} very . 2 RS } predor ant partner, The chief ind dog tax law

mil.taunt PLAYWRIGHTS AS MANAGE . try is pearl fishing and the women are |

nm the death of feter Petroviteh,

sixty-two years age, Dans ol. succeeded

his uncle and abandoned the episcopal
rights, so that King Nicholas to-day is

still only t
Prines
Tourist traffle bet

great-nephew of the
«ish

and

King Nicholee Receiving Colove

 

 

 

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sacha Gultry and Henrys Bernatein the fishers The

- ry . , .
Kent Theatres in Parte, Recently some of the men became dis

 
     

Panis, May 6.— Actoremar rs are} contented and started to practice diyv-
commen enough both in London and] ing, with the idea of themselves becom
Paris, but author-managers of theatres | ing pearl fishers. The women, dr !
ire More rare The Parts Society ot | the intensified competition, ordered t

 

  

  

 

the the honeewark Stay at heme snl) APPLAUSE BARRED AT BAYREUTH.

Long Silence
u

¥, May T—I1t is
\ tors o Bavreath

Must Follow Cortain
After

 

“Parsital.’’

ry
j

for ¢

Inted out that
Wiener

and Keyes of 6Geutars

  

 

——> 5
or
aie RU Bee

centenary must be prepared for the fa:
that there is no applause in the festive
| theatre at the close of “Parsifal.” ©
yn, after the fall of the en
tain the long, impressive silence whi
| intervenes before any movement fs mad
| was first broken by a cheerful Ameri
}ean gentleman, who rose with a sigh oo
lrelief and remarked with consideral:
| satisfaction:
|

Sone occas

“Well, 1 guess the next best thing '
strawberry fee!" and
headed for the nearest cafe

hat is a taking
his hat he

|
|

| ARGENTINA EXPECTS BIG BOOM.

Rosiness Men Base their Hopes on

Proposed Tarif? Reductions,
i

3uuNos AYRES, May 2.--Great thing
hare expected thro lout South America

 

 

entine Republi
ns promised hb
tha
mea

law

and especially in the
from the tariff reduct
the Underwood bill, tt
f the proposed redu
u, hides and grain
era oof prosperity,
ountry, aecording toa
band comune

 

s felt here
thor o”
hecome

Will

lie
=

hegin
man prom

in politics reial sy]

throughout S
practically at a
part of the
upon toe Murepean

yuth Amora

 

tandstill gust new, ane
hiamie for thi
eit ysirdier®

the greater

s placed

The

business \

of this country la
;S¥stem, effleflency and econamys 1)
Topening up oof the great marke 0
United States would immediately le
lowed by a wreat cammerctal hoon
rding to leading busine men

lace
‘

BANK PRESIDENT SUGGESTS MONETARY REFORM THROUGH CLEARING HOUSES

James G. Cannon's Plan to Prevent Panic by
Providing a Safe and Flexible Currency
Based on Assets---Public Fear Pro-
posed Central Organization.

HE proposed central organization
intended to afford relief in case
of money stringency or panic
which js provided for in the

Aldrich hill, officially known as the Na-
tional Monet Commission's bill, has
heen more or less eriticised. James G.

 

Cannon, president of the Fourth Na-
tional Bank of this eity, although in-
elined to helieve that In the view of

students of finance the Aldrich bill more
nearly meets the requirements of this

country with respect to monetary

reform than anything that has yet heen |

brought forth,
objections to

nevertheless finds some

poses remedies

“The principal objection to the plan," |

  

 

j cial stress, principally because of 1
t and'in doing so he pro- |

 

 

 

this country These a ® Massing
under unseifis)) conti f the hankir
|Teserves of the country; the grat

lor adequaiely regulated powers to Sle
hotes, and the option of rediscounting
1g00d commercial paper held by the

| dividual bank.

| “Birst-—It is very important that the
| banking reserves of the country should
be massed to some extent, at least, in

 

order that we may det
fit of the tremendous
they represent.
reserves, for

va the full bene-
steadying power
In the pyramid
Which the present
laws are responsible, ther
}of menace rather than

general situation tn

 

ba

    

is wn eleme
of strength to

finan-

 

the times of

 

self-interest
fests Itself at
thirty thousand
There

which

such

 

immediately ma
banks,

is not

 

“Second

   
 

 

 

 

 

   

  

   

sald Mr. Cannon, “is undoubtedly an tn. |try In the world where the flow of cur
herent public fear that the proposed | rency {ts so entirely unresponsive to
central erzanization, with its great pose | the demands of trade and commerce,
sibitles for coneentration of power, | It has be said many times that the
might come under the control of one set |# Mi . : ; METORDY tn often mi
: : | redundant en we least require
of bank: who Would use {t for melt ind a} uMficiont when we need
OWN PUI pose it most The explanation Hes in the
“The provisions for electing the di-| provision of the national bank act,
rectorate of both the central organtza- | whe a bank actually tles up money
tion and it» branches were somewhat | !# seBun® notes, since It ia obliged to
: ; pay @ premium on the United States
complicated, and there were other ims! bonds In which Jt must invest part of
portant features which did not meet/its capita) and against which notes
with put approval, therefore, whilej only to the par value of the bonds de
there was omoucn t) he said In favor of | Posted may be issued It is therefore
the general prinelpl f the Aldrieh | Ppess ble for any national bank to as
: Piha sist advantageously In providing cur
bill, and « derable time and money | peney in times of panic under our pres
were spent in this preparation and) ent jaws '
propaganda, | think We are all con- “Tf, however, the power to {ssue notes

vineed that it cannot became a law at

the present time

“The theory hus heen advanced, in an
afstract way, of the country
into districts, in each of whieh would be
established a the pur-
collecting and re-
cheeks received und payable
Many clear thinkers
inion that the solution of the

dividing

department for

With

pore ¢ ost

sly
mitting fer
within the district

are of thea

inland exchange problem, which is: at
present in -ueh a clywotic state through-
out the mitry, will eventually be
brought aqoout by this means.

“In view of the fact that the Aldrich

bILL does 1 meet all the demands of
the tlnan problem of the country,
why should We not turn to possible

utilization of some of the banking ma-
ehinery which ts already hand, with
which the public is quite familiar and
to which there is no objection,

“There are three functions, at least,
which must be performed by ¢gome one
Deody or bodies
elimingcts tie

porstbility

.

“ms

before we can effectively
of panics in

acainst good commerctal paper, either
at face value or at a percentage of face
Value, Was lodged with several asso \-

tons or through the Sub-Treasurles un-

 

  

jder Pederal supervision the situation
Would be entirel yvditrerenr 1 helieve
{that the clearing houses could be uttl-
ji4ed as Buarantors of such commerctal
Paper, th rpovidine an absolute as.
surance that no lo would ever oceur,
} “Thira--A bank with perfeetly good
customers’ paper may become embar-

}rassed in a period of stringeney by tha
jlach of faellittes under the present law
for converting at least a part of
assets into cash with which to meet
the demands of its depositors, This
short time merchants’ paper has in the
past under stress proved the most de-
pendable asset a bank can hold, At
eritical times stocks and bonds can only
be sofd at a sacrifice, but carefully ge.
lected commercial notes can he counted
;Upon ta realize one hundred cenis on
| the dollar, as these notes represent pen-

these

erally actual transactions in commod)
tles. The great difficulty in this eoun-
try under {ts present banking laws fs

that when these periodical disturbances

times among nearly |

another coun: |

oa) ' '

t nabilitv of

 

'
ap

! frutions to meet the payment of
checks and the discounting of miner
cClal p reserves t inde rmine the

cor th W cY t structure

What we must abo il seek to do
fe te opr Way for the ex
ercise of he functions To have

 

danger of

paraivzation of our

  

of the panic of 1907 and which added
,'0 Its severity, would no longer have
jto he feared if these funetions | have

Just mentioned were made operative,
Through the constant avallabillty of
credit in all parts of the country for

conversion Into cash, making possible

)

 

James G. Cannon

  

      

 
   

' transfer Wire by) subject of monetary reform, and 1

estat: i mmdtt ie ns | eanvinced that our clearing house sy

whiet r ne of tem furnishes us the mact nery throurh

GOMeSUC OX of 1907 which, in case the country Vv

could p Occur ready for a complete reorganizat
Banker Who are in dat touch eur monetary a ent

with i] conditions can see these! measure of rellef could be aft

efen ur syetem more clearly per- | The clearing house has he a pow

haps than the merchant, manufacturer | erful factor in the finance al life of this
! farmer, who are naturally cognizant country, T believe that clearing houses

jonly of results as they affect their indl- | cnould be incorporated, and | so de-

Vidual interests. To the banker these clared before the Puja committee in

    

June last year. It has become ¢]

 

;of the day that in the case of y bods
of men exercising power which affects
the country at lurge or any great pot
tion of the public that power or au-

 

thority, although ostensibly private, (s

  

 

 

 

 

  

nevertheless impressed with a pu!
character, Therefore it should be sub-
Jeet to governmental regulation

“My own preference would be to in-
} corporate the clearing houses under
Federal law, something after the order
of the national bank act In 1907 [
first publicly advocated the tneorpars
tion of clearing hou My propasal
at that time was to have the clear
{houses located in the Sub-Treasu
jcitfes Incorporated and prepared to
j business with the United States Gov.
ernment, then to have United States
(currency printed in large quantities
land lodged, under proper safeguards,
'with cach Sub-Treasury and to author.
zo the ‘Treasury officlals upon pre-
serfhbed applleations to receive clearing
house Joan certiticates: from the asso.
j elated benks In any of these cithy as
feoilateral security. for the issue of this
eurrency to the extent of 30) per cent

of the amount of sich certify ites de

 

 

 

posited by the local associations

“However, we have now the Aldrieh-
Vreeland bl) of 1908, under which we
are Operating, This law, however, ex.
'pires hy imitation on dune 80, 1914
pand unless its provisions cre extended
Hheyond that date tt leaves us bat Ute
more than a year to decide what per-
Manent Measures We are foing to adopt
to rectify the defielenes of our present
laws

“Granting, as we already have, that
Public: prejudice is sufflelentiy strone
at the present thme to discourngwe the
hope that the creation of ‘ntral asso.
ution, even though it be not a bante,
is possible of accomplishment, my idea
Is to provide by Pederal law for the in
corporation of all clearing: hows: and
further, for the incorporation ef a dis
trict assoclation in each of the Sub-

Treasury Cities to Comprise as members

the regularly  ineorporated clearing

houses, naturally contiguous to such
Bub-Tressury cithes respectively, these
bodies to have powers and functions
hereinafter to be set forth,

“) would faver a provision for asse-
Clated membership in regularly incor-
porated clearing houses, whieh could be
availed of by banks not now members
deficlencies are toveibly presented every
day by the inequality and fluctuations | banks would naturally affillate with the
of the rates of loans and discounts, the | clearing houses to which they were anost
Movements oof foreign exchange, the} conveniently located, Such associate
cost and risk of shipping currency and jsBembership should be exclusively far
in many other ways, {the purpose of enabling these banks

“DT have given serious thought to this {and trust companies to derive the same

o

.
‘

r

a

of any clearing house association, These |

"™ President of Fourth National Bank Would Utilize

[-xisting Bank Machinery in Lieu of Other

Financial Relief---

Aldrich Plan Does

Not Meet Demands of Problem.

venent frony these
is regular members

on
1 te paerttet

annem

 

    

 

nearly the basis as

same
te their quiel

checks, witl

j Pespeet cush value

 

pon excessive note issues, ane

pate otherwise in the actividdes of the] “Th addition te this, I should sugges!
Clearing hose fn othe other hand, }# Government baard, to be compased
toomembers should be piaccd on} of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
same basis as regular members wit ij Treasurer of the United States and the
respect ta contribulions to capital to) Comptrotier of the Curreney, to ice
the istrict asso tions, ind a valce imj Weebly, and, bused upon report re
the Management of the sume | palved from the managers of the di
“Inasmuch as these district: aseociae | trict associations us to conditions it
Hens Would deal princtpally with the) their respective districts, and upon such
eloaring houses, and te some extent with | other information as they might be able
the Government, but not oat all with to gather, to name the rate of discont
the public, thelr eapital should be pro- | whieh would upply on all loans made
Vided by the banks themselves, Like-| ty the distriet dissociations tn the m
Wise their management should be ade terim The ability of this beard to
cided upon principally by the banks | Paseo or lower the rate of discount une
although the Government might rea. ] Teper offered te the district association
sonably reserve the right te appoint} for discount. or for the purpose «of se
some oof the executives of these dis I curing Inoney, would be an impertant
trict wesotlations | che k

"As a basis for the election of direc
tors, J

euch bank member of the individual
coearings hovses, and of each associate
bank member haying one vote irre.
spective of tts size in whatever plan
clearing houses and of cach assoclate

“Amone the funetior too be lodged

With these district
nue two,
“Hirst

assecdatioris

f would

These associations should be

empowered to hold part of the ceserve
of the Clearing Plouse banks ino their
Pespeetive — distriets Whiel  distriets

should he clourly
“Second — They

detined ly
should be empowered

stitute,

and required to rediseount sueh mer-
cantile paper as might be submitted
to them by the individual clearing
Hetises, with their guaranty, which

Would mean the joint guaranty of all the
Insiittitions comprising their member.
ship.

“To take cure of the third funetion,

  

that of note issue, t would bean favor
oY the Government providing me s, to
be held ing the Sub-'Treasuries under

proper safeguards, Our currency can.
het absolutely responsive to the re-
quivements ot business in this country
uati some provision has been made for
the practical retirement of part of the
great volume lof auistanding national
bunk notes, whfeh ot the present time
is in excess of STH0,000 000, 7 pe
‘In order ‘property to contrat’: the
Government issue of currency, such as
1 have mentioned, adequate proyiston
should be made for its redemption, autre
for thit purpose ab notes issued
through each district — asseciation
should be marked with the name of
such assoctation, and it should be in-
ecumbent upon every other association
to forward all notes received by them
to the different district associations
through which they were issued, say,
once a-week, or eftener, for redemption,
and © would favor any provision that
would serve to place such notes on as

te

*) through the associations gold would be
Would be distinetly in faver of

} attracted er repelled by the uction of
| this bouwrd with respect to the rates of

Pdiscount, Just was the great bunks of
| Continental Hurape raise and lower
‘their rates for the purpose,

! It should) be incumbent upon al

 

Msthiel dssoations to maintuin  «
idequate fold reserve ut all time
uper Instiem oof notes outstandins
through them,

“Pthink it is important that juris
pdiction over the issue of these motes
I should be given to the Secretary of
| the ‘Treasury, 80 that if gny lint |
j Placed Upon the maximum ameuul to
he insted there can the an equitall
distribution to eaeh peetion, based f

| ossible, on the relationship whieh th:
jeupital and surplus of the affile
banks of euch distriet association bear

to the whole,

“Jiist whether a plan whieh oc:
templated the use of clearing lous
miuchinery would biave oo stimautarin
Lor depressing effeet on the formation
jof district associations is diftlenlt
Bay, There are, approximately, 200 of

{them in the United States at the pres
ent time, a great many of which are
located in the small citles and are clear
ing in name only, However
the machinery of our clearing hese:
ould be easily adapted to doing bus!
ness with the district associations.
} that it would be the natural thing fm
ithe bank members of each associat)!
to:apply through their clearing hour
to the distriet. assoviation for redir
counts and currency privileges «at all
‘times, under rules and regulations pro
mulgated effectively to reach that end
“This plan would give the country

houses

an absolutely safe usset currency
flexible in volume so as to he adapted
to the needs and under proper supe!

Vision, and guaranteg.. We canuol us
ford to put anything tess into the hande
jor our people.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a-