WAVE OF INDIVIDUALITY SWEEPING OV

On Account of Latest Vogue Designers
of Women's Garb Are Compelled to
Consider Tastes of Patrons

Pants, May & hung on the figure and held in place by

2 is essentially a season inj) Jewelrd pins or clasps,
ah the feminine seul {a | A clever woman of to-day demands a
ed oof ite seven velle. It] Sheata under dress of silver ttesue or
{ season of revelations and| } rab Iuevivue tet this gown will mould
er corsetless Yr ‘ aye awa 5

ry? And all « because we have foe 5 8 form and will have an
a eat a } apology for a corsage which is attached

‘ ta period in Which individu. | to the shoulders by diamond. straps

t earded as sacred , And tien the real costume fe bullt up.

® mondaine of to-day glories A curious looking garment composed

vet that she is an individual; a | Of embrotdered and fringed chiffon is

   

 

    

 

 

  

 

, ne With personal likes ana] crewe on, and over that some wink
draperies of silver tulle worked

A Mar preciation of over with seed pearis. A cluster of |

Jar fashion and an equally | orehtas is placed in the walstband, the |

f another, No doubt) latter being composed, probably, of |

- and disiikes have alWays @X-) precicus stones and folded velvet rib |

has remained for the pow.) bone, Over all this a voluminous mantle

seen realins govern the jot transparent tissue is thrown, ands

¢ fashton the year 1913 to!then wound round the figure and—the

eal ee Saggerated Individuality the rage, | se nsation gown is created!
legante of to-day has an ops! All that I have described may be |

yo oof eXpressing her feelings inj} done Oy a clever dressmaker or it may
especially in eventng dress, She} be aone by an ultra clever mald; but

av? Grok —“assez Isadora.” | the resuit will be very much the same
soxpress itor she may in tne end. The wearer of all these!

Persian, or Keyptian, or | delicate materials will be a vision of,

re, or even, to a certain degree, | dainty loveliness and no one will be?

&r Joshua Re i It Is eminently |able to say, exactly, how the c istume |
arof filmy peries, of embroidered | came into existence. |

' exe)'ne f printed crepons, of bro- Il have sketched this week an {ideally
i! and of velvets pliable asjlovely dinner gown Wiric exhibits an

ohiMon {' laborate butiortly tunic. Here you will |
Fanta drapery is posed and super- [find the Vague, artistl outline Which
I sed upon fantastic drapery; fringes |! have spoken of in several of my re-
ef eeed pearls and diamonds welgh) cent articlos: here also the fine natural
vn leneths of Indian musiins traced | eure which is supported by a slightly
gold and metallic with beetle’s wings, | boned ceinture of heavy white satin,
elese embroideries are worked on| Pt 8 x, in the ordinary sense

fractia t hand painted chiffon {<]of the werd, coreetiors,

eed as a ‘ining for cobweb lace, The | The material of th gown Was shot
fashions of to-day are deliciously femi- | Voile de so.e, which showed duil tones
pina and their greatest charm Hes inthe! of orange and rust red. The skirt
ebuities which they hold out to in- | Was Cleverly draped to show the right]
eo daal women of cultivated taste. For | foot and ankle and the train wae nar |
ence she has an opportunity of express. {TOW And rather Jong The tunic, in)
ing berself in her dress, gigantic butterfly form, was made of
What have just written applies very | fine black Chantilly lace, diamond em- |
eepeciaiiy to the realm of evening broidery and sparkling jet. At the |
gowns. For ordinary atreet wear the breast a graceful butterfly spread wide |
Parisian, and every other woman of ita lace and diamond wings and a sim-

lav bt “tt eo he waist-
correct taste, adopts costumes which are] lar butterfly was p. dat the watst

   
 

 

eamparatively unobtrusive Sis does | line, at the back, the huge wings of
ce t horwel? to. he tohoed thi {the latter being brought forward to
ae 1eTSei. “ ‘ i t é ‘
+ but on the ot anh i ie | form tunie draperies. Gwver the shoul-
nif I or me othe and she ; : :
: ; ' abt Iders the Chantilly wings formed trans-
does pot Wear anything that savors of]

parent sleeves, and these were
gether by single strings of diamonds.
lt was a rarely vely gown, Tt was

eccentricity. But in her own home, or |
of her friends, it is another

‘er, Among Intimates she can ex-| 4

nthe homes

 

    

 

 

     

esigned in Paris for a Russian woman
i # cllarm ot (he: newer ares | Noe sensational winnings at roulette
fine gowns created by the leading dress | ee bee De ec Bs Etat sere
a cee ere . awiaty Thay | ocd and envy, at the Casino at Monte
oe * pee their endless iat . y. They | Cario Quite lately \ friend of mine
are, as T have indicated, Greek in out lw has just come up from the south
ne, or Persian or Egyptian Bceoruing') told me that s beautiful woman
the personal tastes of the wearer. | was ¢ ca rand the pluck-
according to the dictates of | est loser—-for she an unmense sum
® designer. And herein les an) iefore fortune turned e had ever
rtant revelation, For the mo-| seen: that she did not even seem ex-
the designer of fashions Ss{o¢tted on the evening when she broke

ged to consider the tastes of his/tne bank three times
ent instead of that client being In certain circles of Parisian society
e 1 to aceept, willy nilly, his auto- [iittie catch words and phrases are very
a‘ fe commands, and the result !s a]much the mode; for example, the phrase
c wave of tndividuallty which fs]«tres Ballet: Russe," of which | spoke
veeping over the Parislan world of}recently. Now we have s another of

jthe same order, “tres Isadora.” It is to

ar
» be in the heig (the dancer Jsadora Duncan that we owe

ht of the fashion at

pasenit tnoment your evening gowns! this latest addition to the French lan-
Ibe held together by jewelled pins. | guage, Just now it happens that the
'. sounds rather etartling and I con-|peculiar type of Greek dress which she

 
 

 

   

 

 

 

e the statement is not guiltless of} has for so long advocated is fashionable,

eceration; nevertheless it contains | and so ft comes about that the Parisian
». germs of great truth. Ai the most }are ng as t igh s} 1
©) es-fur evening gowns which a't lo 8c 1 vesterday. 7 !
e nra! attention art the opera or r | m =A pa “tres Parisier

fattes are composed of a series of | The Fren s, the n
acre draperies which are literails loonservat e rseives

 

Dinner Gown from Paris showing “Butterfly” Tunic.

held to- |!

 

6 THE SUN, SUNDAY, MAY 18, 1913. _

    

created and launched we regard as] “tres Isadora” style an evening gown |
superiatively good: what others have }of dull blur soie draped

created We receive with raised brows era te rN

and badiv concealed smiles. Put when | ci hace “
the moment comes that we find reaxon | wl eral shades |
to set the seal of approval upon the lof blue, were caught up in points overt

creations of others we proclaim our ap- lthe breast and confined at w hy |

Headdress seen frequently nowadays in Paris theatres and restaurants.

preciation aloud, acting as though we’
were deserving of special pracse.

Greek draperies, and a modified Greek
outline, are in favor this season; m
than this, We are = freely
ancient idea of posing filmy
ver each other, as the
the famous dance of "The

are posed. 1 give as an example

FIVE DOLLAR

NLESS one limits the price paid
for wedding gifts to a certain
amount likely to be
carried away enthusiasm

from time to time, to the tune of a good
fmmany generously spent dollars

There {8 4 Woman, who many
\friends, and therefore many
) Wedding Invitations, who limits her ex-
penditure for each wedding gift pre-
‘sented to any one outside her farnily to
\tive dollars... Whenever she sees some-

re

  

Seven

one is

hy

has

receives

thing really attractive for less than th at!
!
amount, she buys it. provided it is suit-
t for a wedding gift. and puts it away

 

nN anticipation of an impending invita

     
     

tion

There are many beautiful and useful
and distinctive gifts wt i in he
bo e five d nit if
th f a sentimental n
m s exchanging K =
try something w! will t
he or Which, if duplicated,
will still be useful. And always choose
the present With some knowledge of the
bride's tastes and needs in view

A certain young bride who was set-
ting up housekeeping in a very modes

way received eight pic
pened that she could net make pie, and
her husband, paragon among men, di

not care for it, pie knife, for use }
,wWhen pie loving guests were present,
jwould have supplied their wants abun- |

knives

 

so one

 

dantiy. Putting her sentiment in her
pocket the young bride took seven of,
the ple Knives, Which strangely, she

thought, all came from the
jback to the shop and asked to have
ithem exchanged

“T am sorry, madam,” sifd the smiling |
clerk, “but those were bought at a sale!
jand are not exvhangealie.” |
| This aneedote draws attention to an- |

same dealer,

 

j other admonition for the gift giver,
iff you are willing to have your gift
| exchanged, make sure bef land that
j there is no reason to prey an casy
}and satisfactory exchange, both to the}

 

|shop keeper and the -bride
Something Suitable.

| Aas for choosing something which the
|bride is sure to like, that is sometimes
|dificult. Soma young wemen
|strong opinions and a distinct idea of

| what they want their house to look
like after they have settled dt have
been really made miserable by the

 

gift in their 'ving room. If tho giver
avoids certain things she runs little
risk of giving anything which will be
lreally disliked.
Pictures, for
jcholee unless something really won-
| derful can be given. For £5, of course,
la very good carbon print of some stand-
{ard work of art could be honeht and
| well framed, But perhaps the bride does

like the “Age of Innocence,’ or

 

instance, are a had

not
Whistler's famous mother or any other
| ghotee which you might make, There.
| fore, tahon pictures.

' Among the suitahle &5 Umit gifts are!

any of the attractive wicker lamps in
‘the shops. Occasionally, at a sale, a
}$5 lamp large enough to serve In liv-
ing room or sitting roam can be found;
one for a dressing table or bedroom
stand can always he had for &4. Thesa
lamps are finished in mahogany and
some of them have mahogany bases;

 

they are also finished In various shades |

of brown and green ename! and stain
E some are enamelled white,

The shades are faced with silk or
cretonne, which gives the lamp a defi-
nite color value, so know something
ahout the eolor scheme for the house
vou are helping to furnish before you
send the lamp. A white enamelled one
with eretonne of blue,
| vellow, as
lhe lovely

pink, green
the case might he, would
fn almost any house, fot
almost any house hoasts one bedroom
with white enamelled woodwork and
hangings and furnishings In white and

or

blue, pink, green or yellow, as the case!

may he.

Tf you want to give something which
will not he duplicated do not give a
small cut glass dish, Kew persons
possesa more cut glass than they want,
hut on the other hand few displays

jand can he
too, a cream and sugar set that is worth |

With |

 

At one

darkest sh

a band of flexible fi
side the mo

igree silver,

isseline of the ate

 

 

of blue was arranged in two long ends
which were finished off with tassels of
filigree siiver \ deliciously i}
robe, Which would have been tide
companied by the x ead dress
dicated in my second t

here is no ad: ng the eccentricity

  

LIMIT ON WEDDING GIFTS

f wedding gifts are wit!
rlass dishes of a sive suitable for Je
and pickles. \ small glass cream
pitcher

out several cut

 
 

decorated with silver deposit
not the smallest size, but one large
enough to hold cream for berries or

cereal or dessert, {is somewhat

had for $3 or $4.) For $5

while can sometimes be had, and few
homes are too generously supplied with
cream and sugar useful on the
breakfast apd luncheon table and at af-

sets,

ternoon tea and with the after dinner
coffee service

Wicker furniture {s a hoon for the
spring bride if she is to live out of
town A chair Which she ean use for

randa, lawn or bedroon ean

g for $ if you v
more ont chafr stain “a
urself, for

 

 

f Fr ¢ “ {a ¢ S ‘ a
Among t smaller wicker furnist
ings wl would probably find faver
with the bride are wood baskets, tea }
wws, smail stands or tabourets for
or plants or to be used as seats
Zuzine stands or muftin stands
} Ks are a cond « ice only if ve
w the deficiencies in the bride's li
rary and know her tastes, an ele
tlatiron or toaster is a labor saving
f alue Which comes within the

    

1 curd case, fan, change purse or um-

 

brella handle would make an accept
able personal gift, and there are many
other interesting and attra > articles
“ h come within the limits of the $5
gift

= |
| SHOWER OF BRIDAL RECIPES |

F you want something a little out of

\ the ordinary asa gift for the bride- |

| Next Sunday’s Sun

to-Le following plan. It

was Worked out very effectively by

try the

La girl who lived too far from a friend who

was to be married to arrange any of the
“showers ”

the small wooden

jcustomary wedding
She bought one of

boxes with hinged covers which are filled |

{with a hundred blank white ecards and
t

indes cards of vellow, pink or blue, These

alphabet or else with the titles “Bread,”
i *Cake,.” “Desserts.” “Fish,” “Preserves,
“Soups” and so on through the menu
Then she sent several of the blank cards

}to ea hoof her friends who knew the!
necessary presence Of some kindly rent | engaged girl and asked them to write

thereon their) favorite reeipes. Each

recipe was to be signed with the name of |

‘the donor

|} The result was gratifying
\had received all the cards she found that
fahe had «a collection of really choice and
tried recipes ‘There were no exact duph-
cates, although there were two interesting

| ree ipes for tomato bisque. She herself

| made out her eards after the others had |

heomne in in order that she might give
Precipes under the headings which were
; most poorly written up

{ ‘There was one card trom a eousin of
the bride whieh gave her grandmother s
recape for sponge cake

| Another gave an old family recipe for
| green tomato pickles

Still another gave
la Southern recipe for fruit: cake which
fwas once served to President Jefferson,
laccording to tradition. A friend who
auiht domestic sent several
neat tabulations of food values. Another
friend who lived in Italy wrote three
Jrecipea for cooking macaroni as the
jltahans do it) ‘The girl's own mother
| gave by request recipes for the girl's
| four favorite desserts and the mother
of the bridegroom yave her recipe for
pie crust, bread and a meat dish of which
he was very fond .

|} When the boy waa elassified and fin-
‘ished it was really wonderful. The cards
were all signed and each was written
by the person who gave the recipes
Three from a country friend which gave
precipes for jams and jellies were deco-
rated with borders of little jam pots and
jelly bags and preserving kettles

science

 

In spite of the fact that the gift was’

80 interesting the amount ef work given
by each contributor was very small
The whole thing, of course, Was a sur-

jane

unusual, |

leards are labelled with the letgers of the |

|
When she

and her grand-}
nother was famed for this same cake |

 

a a a a oe

fo some of the new
taurant headdress espe
made of gourah feathers. In
headdresses reeemble the
crowns of certain savage tribes,
feathers up all
defiant style; in

theatre and
willy those

“ome cCasé-

res-

Evening Frocks of

these closely
war
the delicate stick

around the head in

favorite style of the moment and it is
an essentially becoming one The

small

 

flat tlara in GQlamonds is rapidly com.
ling back into favor and many women
‘are having these tlatas mounted on

feombe and are wearing them freely at
‘the smart theatres,

This is an innovation tn Paris, where
it has long been an unwritten law that
a tiara is only suitable for subscription

|
| nights at the opera or for pala per-
!

LOVELY bedroom leht

from a candie heid in a

candlestick, strange as the

statement sounds. The eandile-
stick {is about a foot high, built on
siender, straight lines and enamelled
in pale green or blue, deep yellow, pink
lor wray. A glass globe is firmly held
lhy the stick; the globe measures about
|six inches at its widest diameter, and
jhulges quickly from both top and bot-
‘tom. The globe supports a shade to
;match the candlestick, and made either
of cretonne or of siik under woven
| splints The candlesticks costs 75 cents,
\ reddish brown splint shade lined
with deep yellow silk, which was used
on one of the tin candlesticks described,
costs a dollar. It could be used, also,

on a small electric or oll lamp.
|

comes

A cretonne shade made over a wire
frame was used for a bluse candlestick
|The shade costs 75 cents. The cretonne
‘is stretched over a square wire shade
‘and a strip of trimming braid is run
lfrom top to bottom of the shade at
| each. corner and akout the top and
bottom. The cretonne is a white ground
| decorated with deep blue peacocks and
ltiny flowers which show a suggestion
lof rose color, and the braid is white.

Transparent bone salt spoons would
make warm weather housekeeping
easier; for the bone does not tarnish
las siiver does in damp weather when

headdress | there is no fire in the house, They cost

5 cents each.
charm and}? ©¢? act

others, for the

example

j sketched, we find extreme

| grace eens
You will notice that the hair is softly Eee and mustard spoons of the same
Waved and wound rather tightly around | transparent material are seid for 10 or
the head and that the band of diamonds !15 cents. As both egg and mustard
to which the gourah feathers are at-1quk kiy tarnish silver, these hone
tached lies almost flat across the hair, !spoons, which are neat and well made,
just above forehead, This is the j save much time and trouble,
.

the

“) A wonderful wicker chair and table

combination costs $52. It is stained in
lsoft brown and is supplied with cushions
ief pink and white cretonne. It consists
prise to the bride until she opened the lof two chairs facing in opposite direc-
package containing it when it was mailed lrions, joined together by a table which

 

Ta yee ris attached to an arm of each chair,
‘ | The table has a shelf, where books and
AN AMBER CURIO. | magazines could be stowed and could he
Did vou ever BeR Ge stretchers ! fused for card playing or for luncheon
lamber shell obtained from the stomach | OF 4
of t yises? There are but a few in Bent
America. Any one making such a bri- Something which appeals to. the

 

 

not be a “duplicate wedding present.” | the showy things which are expensive
Messrs. F, W
Mifth avenue, are showing an exquisite lings from Austria.

dal gift would he certain that it would | Woman who realizes that it is not only
|

Kaldenberg’s Sons, 95 | is the new imported glass desk furnish-
These glass articles

  

   
 

 

  

example, so rare and distinctive in color- are of simple line and undecorated
{ as to be ace ted a work of art.,| surface, save that each piece has a
Their establishme s replete with won. | radiating sunor star about th size ofa
| derful ‘ } porcelains and /cent cut in the bottom, There is a case

for paper, one for envelopes, a seal,

ER PARIS FASHION WORLD

tin leer

    
    
  
   
 
  
  

..
(
crac ae

Filmy Draperies—

Gourah Feathers and Small Diamond
Tiaras the Modish WHeaddress

formances graced by the presence of

rovalts And, in a sense, this law is
etill in force, for the tlatas to whieh 1
have just referred are so small, com-
paratively speaking, that they really
look like elaborate combs When
mounted in comb fashion they can be

fworn in any part of the head and they
are apectally effective When posed after
the manner of the flat band of diamonds
which L have sketched.

_ SPRING SHOP OFFERINGS

candlesticks in several sizes, a pen tray
many other useful writing ac-
cessories, One of the glass candlesticks,
six or seven inches high, costs $3.25 and
the other pieces are priced according to
their size and weight.

 

Some of the large perfume bottles
are provided with small wire cork-
screws tied firmly about the neck of
the bottle so that there need be no
delay in opening the perfume.

A serviceable new wardrobe trunk,

priced according to the size you choose,
ix made that the wardrobe section
can be pulled to an upright position
without disturbing the trunk, whieh
then becomes a nicely partitioned recep-
for all the smaller articles of
drese, such as handkerchiefs, neckwear,
Eloves, toilet and under-
wear,

sO

tacle
accessories

Women's pajamas, made in figured
cotton crepe one figure showing blue
polka dots on a white ground ts dainty
—are among the coolest garments imag-
{nable for summer wear. They are sold
in well made quality for less than $2 @
eet.

 

Silver cigarette baskets for the table,
with small attached match holders, cost
from a dollar and a half to $3. They
are made with convenient small handles
by which they can be passed about.

 

For warm weather service, when
erackers and cheese is the appropmate
accompaniment to a salad, a warm
weather necessity, are se much served,
a combination eracker and cheese dish
should appeal to the house mistress
For $5 a lovely one of china and sil-
ver, With the cheese dish in the centre
exactly fitted to hold a Camembert
cheese, can be hought.

NEW IDEAS IN FASHIONS.

ILI elbow gloves once meant
only one thing, and that was
silk elbow gloves. To-day those
words mean many — things.

They mean plain, old fashioned silk
gloves which reach to the elbow. They
inean gloves with double arms, a
meshwork of black silk threads be-
ginning at the wrist and reaching to
the elbow. They mean silk gloves
decorated with insets of lace and silk
gloves with lace hands and silk gloves
embroidered in contrasting colors and
decorated with rhinestones and sequins.
They also mean silk gloves with nar-
row, scalloped and embroidered frills
of the silk fabric running from the
wrist to the elbow at the outside of
the arm.

 

 

 

‘‘What Will Felix Diaz Do?’’

Against a background of revolution, anarchy and political disruption in Mexico,

the figure of one man stands out clearly. That man is

States the question is being asked:
stake in Mexico.
public, and millions of American dollars are invested ir
concessions.

Semi-Monthly Magazine Section

General Diaz tells frankly what his policies will be. His
from the original Spanish, and is presented unedited and
most important articles of the year.

General Felix Diaz, nephew

of the former dictator, Porfirio Diaz, and conqueror of the ill fated President Madero.
He will probably be the next President of his country, and everywhere in the United
“What will Felix Diaz do?”

There are nearly 100,000 American residents in the southern Re-

For we have a big

1 mines, ranches and lumber

of

statement has been translated
unabridged. It is one of the

That THE SUN'S altitude is without bias is

proved by the fact that last Sunday was printed: he personal story of John Kenneth

and it is now the latter's turn to speak and to explain.

The Collapsible Husband

By Edgar Saltus
Wouldn't this title alone compel you to read the s

Turner, who was imprisoned and tortured by Felix Diaz during the recent fighting in
H the Mexican capital. Mr. Turner took the opportunity bitterly to assail the General—

tory? What is a collapsible

husband? Mr. Saltus makes it clear in as whimsical and fascinating a picce of fiction

as has come from his gifted pen.

Three Sheets in the Wind

By Morgan Robertson

The leading American writer of stories of the sea

every detail. He contributes a rattling yarn of adventure
issue of the Semi-Monthly Magazine.

The Art of the Acrobat

By Brander Matthews

is Morgan Robertson, whose

“Wreck of the Titan” a few years ago so marvellously forecasted the Titanic disaster in

ashore and afloat to the next

Another article by Professor Brander Matthews, dealing with a little understood

phase of stagecraft. The essential beauty of the human

pable of expressing while in motion are his texts, and the
able articles ever printed.

Fresh Findings From Mark Twain
By Albert Bigelow Paine ,
A final instalment of personal reminiscences and anecdotes about America's

greatest humorist by his authorized biographer. These stories from real life are now
appearing for the first time in the pages of any magazine.

body and the poetry it is ca-
result is one of the most read-

.

 

ae