BUNDAY, MAY 1s, 1913.

Frtered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mail Matter

= =

Sabecriptions by Mall, Postpaid.
DAILY, Per Month

DAILY, Per Year 600
BUNDAY, Per Year 2 80
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year ® 50
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month 35

THE EVENING SUN, Per Month
THE EVENING SUN, Der Year

seer ee

aso

Postage to foreign countries added.
All checks, money orders, &e., to be made pay-
Obie to THESUN

Readers of THE SUN leaving town for the suin-
mer months can have the morning and Sunday
editions delivered to them in any part of this
country er Vurope on the terms stated above
Addresses changed as often as desired. Order
through newsdealer or directly of Publication
Office, telephone 2200 Beekman

 

Published daily, including Sunday, by the Sun

THE .-

 

 

 

seriter | playwright, but whether thev were
has to wait as calmly as possible until) serious before they read these works or
he does get around to them became serious afterward is a question

mail service could come anywhere near) inquiry as to whether the serious people

There can be no question that if the} that remains unanswered, just as the!

SUN,

| necessitates a choice het ween those things
, and raising a family. We chose the
| latter.”

Bravo. What trip lingers in the fancy?
A surcease from worry on the banks of

|
the Chautauquan platform? Andin reply

{fo the efficiency of the news stand ser- [of England caused the fogs or the fogs |to “we chose the latter,” dora the pro-

| Vice throughout the country the prompt

{

 

made the people serious,

delivery of the newspapers sent through The charge of the American manager
the post office would be promoted. Here | is trie so far as it concerns serious imi-
we have another instance of the differ- | tations of masterpieces, Lacking the
ence between the efficiency of private | importance of SHAKESPEARE, they ap-

 

eo so! and public enterprise.

Sauce for the Gander.

The pride and swelling port of they
dethroned lords of the world surge une}
as diminished in one faithful bosom:

“To van Eptronor Pup Sus There
shonld be no objection to intelligent women
voting, those that know what they are vot-
ing for

Sir

Buta goodly number of our women
cannot even write their names in English;
think of them casting a vote

“Do vou think that such votes are help-
ful to the common cause? These votes are
very easily swayed, and as the big interests
fight harder toward election time the
chances are that they will get this vote.

“For remedy T would suggest that
women the suffrage should first

who wet

Printing and Publishing Assoctation at 170 Nassau | PASS an examination as to their knowledge

@treet, in the Borough of Manhattan, New York.
President and Treasurer, Willlam ©. Retek, 170
Naasau street; Vice-Vresident, Kdward P. Mitchell,
170 Nassau street, Secretary, ©. EE. Luston, 170
Naseay street

London office, EMngham House, 1 Arundel
Btreet, Strand.

Paris office, 4 Rue de la Michodiére, off Rue du
Quatre Septembre.

Washington office, Hibbs Building

Brooklyn office, 1% Livingston street

Tf our friends who faror us with manuscripts and
Qlustrations for publication wish to hare rejected
e@rticles returned they must in all cases send stamps
for that purpose.
S--

we’ Why Discriminate?

The public has the right to eMcieney in
ite factory servants. —Seeretary REDFIELD

Why discriminate? Has not the pub-
Ifo an equal “right to efficiency” in its
farm servants? Is there to be an offi-
clally created and officially enforced
standard of industrial efficiency in the
steel] mill, the shoe factory, the cotton
mill, and in all other mechanical in-
dustries, while the farmers are to be
left to pursue their present system of
producing one blade of grass where
they should produce two?

As far as the welfare of the public
fs concerned, as represented by its
need for an ample supply of food
Products at a proper minimum cost,
these are highly pertinent questions.
Is Secretary Hovston ont of harmony
with his colleague on this issue? May
we not listen hopefully for his voice as-
suring us that farmers who do not pro-
duce sixty bushels of corn, twenty-five
bushels of wheat, 400 pounds of cotton
or 200 bushels of potatoes to the acre
will get a dose of REDFIELD's Sovereign
Remedy, a safe and certain cure for
industrial inefficiency? Why not? The
glaring weakness in our whole economic
system, the most effective cause of the
high cost of living, is the undue cost
of production on the farm. We spend
millions of dollars a year through the
Department of Agriculture, we boast of
the superior intelligence of our farmers,
of the superior fertility of our soil and
of mechanical devices nicely adjusted
to the special conditions of our farm
area, yet in quantity yield to the acre
and in unit cost of production we are
hopelessly beaten by the people of other
lands.

We get our little average of 92 bushels

 

 

a

 

This seems to be the
There is no use in put-
ting sueh a weapon in the hands of unknow-
ing women LN. G.

“Brooktys, May

of American polities
only feasible way

What is sauce for the goose is sauce
for the gander. How many millions of
male voters could pass even avery
rudimentary examination in “Ameri-
can politics’? A man acquires the right
to vote not by his knowledge but by the
fact that he is 21 and so forth. The
examinations for naturalization are
mighty easy; and great is the amount
of ignorance displayed by candidates,
The native or foreign born citizen has
to show that he can read and write in
some States, but everywhere graduates
a voter without being called upon to
prove that he has any knowledge of
American politics. Whether he ac-
quires the knowledge or does not ac-
quire it. doesn't affect his right or priv-
ilege. Why should more be required
of woman citizens?

This is aside from the general merits
or demerits of woman suffrage.

 

Promotion and Efficiency.

“The Department of Commerce ex-

ists,” according to Mr. REDFIELD, “for | Yet

peal to no particular public. Whether
the most intellectual citizens support

ithe plays or not, there is no doubt that

 

a serious play which has elements of
Vitality is going to prove just as profit-
able in this country as in any other. But
it is not enough that the play be merely
serious. It must possess other qualities.

The Ordeal of Modern Warfare.

At a luncheon in England recently
Lord ROBERTS compared the methods
of his early fighting days with those ob-
taining at the present time. He said:

“In my first campaign in India the soldiers
were armed with exactly the same weapon
as was ised at Waterloo under WELLINGTON,
except that we had the cap inatead of the
old flint. Tt was a ridiculous weapon com-
pared with what we have now, but then we
were all close together colonela, majors,
captains, subalterne we were all in close
order. I myself was an artilleryman. We
went up to the breach at Delhi within 400
yards of the city walls | myself breached
the Kashmir bastion. The thing now would
be an impossibility. The infantry
go up then and commence firing at
or fifty yards.

would

forty
are flehting at
2,000 yards, The strain upon the individual
man under the present system is some-
thing I cannot describe, There is no man
alongetde of him, he is separated from hia
comrade by ten to fifty paces; he lies in the
open alone for hours together, creeping
along, and the strain is something extraor-
dinary. Itdoes not matter to men what the
country or the enemy is like, a man is by
himself, he hardly sees his officers at all;
he believes they are doing their best for
him, but he has got to depend upon himself
practically.”

Now you

No one has ever described more viv-
idly the ordeal of the deployed soldier
with a long range magazine rifle in his
hands. He rarely sees the enemy. and
yet hears the moan of the enemy's bul-
let and feels that the next one coming
in his direction may kill him. What is
cover and what is not he knows only by
experiment. He is merely a private and
he must have and use the wits of an

the purpose of promoting American officer, It is a case of every soldier his

industry and commerce at home and |W" commander,

abroad.”

All the fighting men
Iving out in the open, or advancing and

The head of the Department of Com- taking advantage of the cover as they
merce lays upon the inefficiency of man- | pve forward, must act as if by a com-
ufacturers their small profits and their |™0n purpose, and still there come emer-
supposed desire or necessity of reduc- | Sencies when they have to make their

ing Wages,
Domestic Commerce will examine such
CASER,
notice that:

“Operating
unscientific
antiquated

with bad) equipment,
treatment of material,
methods, in poor

with
with
locations,

|

The Bureau of Foreign and | OWN orders and execute them.

It is this new condition of warfare

Mr. REDFIELD has given solemn that calls for thorough and constant

training. There is no more rushing to
the charge in numbers that inspire
courage and seem to lessen the danger.
Raw troops have charged gloriously

with insuMeient capital and generally in- !when properly led, but raw troops are
1 . - if .
effective management will not be esteemed | OW only food for powder, however

a satisfactory reason for reducing wages.”

Onthat same day the Bureau of Cor-
porations was promoting industry and
commerce by informing the country
that the United States Steel Corporation
is so efficient that it is making “exces-
sively high” profits in certain branches
of its business

Ineiticient industries must not reduce |

wages; profits of efficient industries must
be cut down: thus are American indus-
try and commerce to be promoted.

 

When Is Drama Serious ?

Another theatre manager has aban-

of potatoes to the acre while British and | @oned confidence in the publie and an-

German farmers average 200 bushels,
the Austrians 155, and the French 123
bushels. We get an average of
bushels of wheat, while the French
average 20, the Germans 30, and the
British 33. We get our 30 bushels of
oats, to 45 bushels for the British and
61 bushels for the Germans. The cotton
average for the crop of 1912 was 190.9
pounds to the acre. It is well known
that many plantera get twice that.
The great majority are undeniably in
the inefficient class. Has the public,
under the new interpretation of eco-
nomic laws, no right to demand their
reformation and the punishment of
those who shall fail, as to corn or
wheat, cotton or potatoes, to produce at
an Officially fixed minimum of cost?

Certainly the hitherto protected
farmers are making quite as much noise
about their condition under the pro-
posed tariff as are the manufacturers.
Why discriminate? Speak up, Mr.
Houston. Get into the merry game
and keep the ball rolling.

 

Newspaper Mail.

In an interview recently published in
THE SUN arailway mail superintendent,
Mr. E. M. Norris, said: “Of course our
men are human and are just as likely to
make a mistake as any one else, but
these cases are not frequent.”

We wonder if the mass of complaints
in regard to the poor delivery of news-
papers comes from a cause deeper than
that of making mere mistakes. It is, as
the superintendent says, from a human
failing, but is it not in a different way
from that in which he meant? Does it
come in some degree from an inherent
incapacity on the part of mail clerks to
regard newspapers as being not much
more important than circulars or adver-
tisements? As newspapers are classed
under “second class” mail, does the
subtle notion get into the minds of the
men that there is no need for hurry or
despatch in handling them? An houror
@ of difference, perhaps they think,
Qpkes no matter in the delivery of a
newspaper. We mean this seriously,
We do not refer to the railway mail
clerks, but to the local clerks at the
destination of the newspaper. ‘There
is where some of the delay takes place,
We have sometimes heard a box dis-
Wwibutor say that he hadn't “got round

wi,

vac

|

nounced that he will offer no more
serious plays to inconsiderate New
York audiences that hanker only after

M4! the fleshpots of musical farce and oper-

etta, This is after all not nearly so
serious a charge as it seems. To be
addicted to the frivolous in the drama

|

|
|
|

valiantly led. England's Territorials
are green and unfinished, as some of
our own militia stillare. Lord ROBERTS
has been going up and down England
exelaiming that the Territorials would
be wantonly sacrificed if pitted against
trained soldiers. There is a lesson for
the United States in his brave insistence,
Our limited regular army could meet
the conditions of modern warfare in a
creditable manner, although there are
very few enlisted men in’ it now who
Were under fire in Cuba and the Philip-
Pines in 1898-1900, But what of the
National Guard, improved as it has heen
since the Dick law was enacted? It
contains some fine regiments, and some
inferior ones, but mobilized in one body
it would not be an army like the reg-
ulars of Germany, France, England and
Japan Nobody would expect it to
stand comparison well with the United
States army until it had had its baptism
of fire and the experience of six months

is regarded in some quarters as an evi- | of campaigning.

dence of certain intellectual powers
of a high order. It has long been a
stumbling block in the path of the
reformers of the theatre in England
that professors from Cambridge or
Oxford usually hurry to the Gaiety or
the Alhambra when they reach London,

|

 

 

 

Flying the Florida Straits.
Sefior DoMINGO RosiLLo, who flew
from Key West to Camp Columbia, Ha-
vana, yesterday, in an aeroplane, win-
ning & $10,000 prize offered by the City
Council to any Cuban performing the

to the neglect of His Majesty's or other | feat, deserves honorable mention and a

more serious theatres. So it is not an
irrefutable reflection on the intellec-
tuality of a public to accuse it of lack-
ing interest in the serious drama.

It is not altogether true, however,
that this public does fail to enjoy serious
plays. Such a charge from a manager
merely means that the public did not
like his serious plays. It happened,
however, to like the other impresario's
and went to see them. There could be
no greater proof of a lack of serious
interest in the theatre to the man that
selected the wrong plays.

To regard the theatre as a means of
intellectual pleasure is not the view of
most persons of culture. Nor do they
find the mass of ephemeral fiction a
means of any other than casual diversion.
To the average man of intellect one is as
unimportant as the other. Tosuch minds
the theatre means the same as it does
to the tired business man on whose
unfortunate head so much blame has
fallen. As a matter of fact the con-
temporary theatre has not done much
either in this country or Europe to at-
tract the public which might be expected
toenjoy a serious drama. It may be that
EUGENE BRIEUX commends himself to
thoughtful spectators. Among English
writers, are there any others than SHAW
or GALSWORTHY to build up a public
for the serious drama? PINERO is al-
together of the theatre. SHAW’'S finely
intellectual wit sometimes wins for him
the support of the great public, as it
has done irl the case of his latest play.
But so far it is only to special audiences
that plays by the author of “The Silver
Box” have been attractive,

The drama is indeed a less serious
thing to the intellectual than to other
playgoers. It is not indeed a settled
matter that the intellectuals have been
absorbed even in the plays of IBSEN,
Serious people may have found delight
in reading the plays of the Norwegian

conspicuous place on the roll of aviators.
No American airman has succeeded in
crossing the Florida Straits.

Mr. J. A. D. McCrEaDy, a Canadian,
made a daring essay, but his motor went
wrong ten miles from the Morro. There
were no sharks about when Mr, Mc-
CREADY launched his airship on Janu-
ary 30, 1011, and descended into the main;
s0 much greater the distinction of Sefior
RosILLo, who believed he braved the
risk of an encounter with an alert “man
eater.”

The Cubans are mortally afraid of
sharks, not holding the theory of the
late HERMANN OEFLRICHS that the shark
will never molest a swimmer. In 1908
an American residing in Havana offered
to prove that the theory was sound by
swimming across the Morro entrance in
midsummer, but his Honor the Mayor
was aghast at the idea and peremptorily
forbade the publie exhibition,

nennienesnmmaninns

One begins to be almost glad that Mr,
JOHNSON didn't win as a Vice-Presidential
candidate... Lowell Courier-Citizen

Good for you. Your point is well
made. Where have you been riding?
In the caboose? But even so, don't be
too sure about your conclusion. That
man MARSHALL is “some pumpkins.”

Philosophy, with its manifold probleme
all historically antedating any attempt at
an exact science of mind, has tended to hold
itself aloof from the psychologiat's investi-
gations, treating them with ipdifverence,
indulgence or contempt, as the case might
seemtowarrant. Psychological Review

This is news to us. Has there been
such coldness between the cloistered
walk und the experimental laboratory?
We had thought that “the ultimate truth”
and “the real and crying need for funda-
mentals” were working hand in hand,
down life's peaceful valley.

“I believe,” says the prinoipal of a
Denver school, “that teachers should
attend concerts and good plays and take
trips. So does my ge. but my salary

 

 

 

jfessor know that a French playwright
does not agree with him, for in a recent
i play, so we are told, his entire plot con-
(sists in answering the query whether a
| certain couple prefer a baby to an auto-
|mobile, and they decide in favor of the
motor car because it is less expensive

The rebuke by Secretary Danters of

sensational newspapers that make a war
acare of the Japanese controversy is well
timed, and it is the more impressive be-
cause Mr. DANIELS is the proprietor of an
influential newspaper in the South. He
cites as a sample war scare jie a pub-
lished story that carried these headlines:
“U.S. S. Maryland stripped for action
Makes forced speed to San Franciaco
Prepared for battle.” The Maryland was
|merely testing Alaskan coal by order of
the Navy Department, and of course she
was not “stripped for action.” The yarn
was made out of whole’cloth, and the im-
posture must have been deliberate and
cold blooded.

There should be, as Secretary DANIELS
suggests, some way of prosecuting those
responsible for auch barefaced fabrica-
tions, and the jingo policy of the newa-
paper printing them should be admissible
as relevant and corroborative evidence.

 

 

 

The United States eruiser Montana left
here to-day tor Philadelphia. Deapatch

from Alpieva

How flabbergasting tothe jingoes when
the Suez Canal was so near!

The Federal Council of the German
Empire is said to be considering measures
to Germanize Afsace-Lorraine, and one
of them is auspension of French news-
papers anti-German in sentiment. The
{suggestion might have come from the
French side of the border, for no device
jcould be better calculated to intensify

| antipathy to German rule.

Secretary of State WILLIAM JENNINGS
Unyas has confessed to several newspaper
men that he is only second to THEODORE
RO@SEVELT in creating “copy” for the press.

Deapotch from Washington
Grape juice and battleships of love are

not in the other Colonel's lexicon.

 

The Right of the Public to EMciency
in its Postal Servants.

fo THE Epiton or THe Sus Why
cannot the Hon. William Cox Redfleld try
his prentice hand on the Post Office Depart -
ment?) He cannot find a more inefficiently
managed business in the country. The
spirit of the inquiry should be “the public
is entitled to efficiency’ JH. MAGHEE

Morristows, No. May?

The Fine Arts in “The Sunday Sun."’

PoTHE Rprronor THe SUN Sirs Artists
as well as philistines whom | have met in
the lasi sts months have all spoken in praise
of your Sunday edition, especially the art
section, the fine reproductions of modern
and old masters, and, what is quite signifl-
cant, they were overioyed at the elimina-
tion of the comie section.

You are to be commended on your efforts
fo propagate a taste and a knowledge of
the fine arts, irrespective of schools, sys-
teins and traditions, What the public is
anxious to know is not so much the opinion
of art crities of academicians but the expres -
sion and especially the news of art in the
world, the reproductions of the work of
painterk, sculptors, architects, of interiér
decorators, of pottery makers, of designers
of rugs and art furniture; in fine, all that
pertains to the industrial arts. People are
thankful that five cents buys reproductions
of these works every week, as many cannot
afford © pay 25 cents for art magazines or
even the regular magazines

The publie is not only interested in the
features and savings of the Four Hundred,
of actresses, politicians and grafters, but
likewise about Muropean artists and about
the young men in the Ll nited States of to-
day who are helping to create the future
renaissance of America. such men as
Davidsor, W. Glackens, G@ Luks, 7. Sloan,
G ‘Bellows and A B Davies” The work,
the atin, the achievement, the propaganda
of these and hundreds of other American
artists are just as interesting as the lives of
the great captains of industry

You have the thanke and the best compli -
ments of scores of unknown well wishers,
who are silently and weekly encouraging
you in your great work of propaganda I
am one of them ( DE FoRNARO.

New York, May

str

 

Jo

a

  

ir. Beattie of New Hampshire and New
York.

To tar Epitorn oy THE Sun Sir: Tf
vour editorial article in THER SuN of May 8
refers to Dr. W. J. Beattie, one statement
in it shows how you have misrepresented
facta. Dr. Beattie is a registered physi-
cian in two of the best States in this coun-
try, your State and mine, New York and
New Hampshire Mrs. W. J. BeaTTin

Litreeton, N. WH, May 12.

Our information wae obtained from the
Librarian of the New York Academy of
Medicine.

 

For the Attention of the State Depart.
ment.

To THE Epitor or ‘THE SvUN- Sir:

SUNDAY, MAY 18, _ 1913.

TWO GOVERNWENT ENWIBITS.
equ “

A Study of the New Freedom tn the
Land of Liberty.

A seeker after political truth and stu-
dent of industrial justice was informed
oné day in the twentieth century that he
could see two wonderful exhibits of these
two branches of knowledge, politics and
industry, if he would but visit a certain
factory in Kickapoo, Kan. As he was
almost as much of a slave of the wander-
lust as the Secretary of State he left his
job and went out to Kickapoo, Upon
his arrival he was taken to the factory
where horseradish was munufactured
from horse chestnuts

The manufacturer met him at the side
entrance, as he said he was running this
exhibit on the quiet, from which the stu-
dent was forced to infer that a little
Federal draught, not graft, made = the
wheels and the mare go round. Indeed,
the manufacturer proved to be like Yorick,
“a fellow of infinite jest.”
the student noticed was that he wore a
sort of halo or nimbus upon his brow,
which was of medium elevation, neither
high nor low.

Then the student was taken over the
vast plant by the queer manufacturer,
who wanted to explain precisely how busi-
ness was run under the Ready Redfield
Reasoning, R-R-R, it's good for the life
blood of the nation. Try it on the office
cat. Insiat upon the yellow wrapper.
Guaranteed under the Pain and Panics
act of 1896. Sold only in packages similar
to Swamproot's Silver Pills

The manufacture of the horseradish
began up on the roof, where the horse
chestnuts fell direct from the tree

“T see you have no transportation cost
of crude products,” said the simple stu-
dent.

“No,” replied the manufacturer, “I have
merely to pay for the labor of gathering
up the fruit aa it falls on theroof. That
is my first cost.”

“Why, what does the labor cost you?”

“Twenty cents an hour on the office
books, but thirty cents an hour when the
money is really paid.”

“How is this? How can you afford to
do that?” asked the silly student, who was
no better than an economic nincompoop.

“My dear sir,” snapped the manufac-
turer, “I agree to take you througi my
factory on one condition, and that is that
you must not pester me with absurd and
therefore unanswerable questions. Surely
you know that one of the fundamental
ingredients in Ready Redfield Reasoning
is that a mere fact as to cost may be only
a literal fact and not an ideal fact. Let
me quote the exact words: “The Depart-
ment has undertaken to find out whether
the facts do or do not justify threatened
reductions. Observe that in saying the
facts one does not mean merely the facts
as they are, but also the facts as they
ought to be.’ Well, then, you see how
simple it all is. The twenty cents that
appear on the books are the facts as they
ought to be, the thirty cents that come
out of my pocket are the facts as they are,
unreal facts, stage money, so to speak.
Do you make me, Mteve?”

The student, who was more or less of a
natural born ninny, had to admit that
Ready Redfield Reasoning was more
logical than anything in “Gulliver's
Travels.” So thereafter he held his
tongue except to let slip one more foo!
question in the manufacturer's private
office. Silently. therefore, they went
through the rest of the vast plant, whefe
the student was shown expensive and
intricate machinery that needed to have
only one operative feed it with horse
chestnuts, then it scraped them and cut
them into the regular size strings of
chopped horseradish, weighed it, put it
in bottles, corked them, sealed them,
pasted on the labels, and then a packer
put them in boxes for shipment to all the
palaces where lobsters cease to worry
and the diners are in bliss

Finally when the student hgd been
shown the large executive offices, where
the clerks were locked up for the day and
let out at night, and cash registers were
ringing up counterfeit money, the strange

| manufacturer took the poor bewildered
fool into his private office.

“I don't think I ever saw a larger force
of clerks,” said he.

“No,” replied the manufacturer, “they
come under the head of what is known as
overhead coast, along with salaries paid to
an army of salesmen, rents of luxurious
retail stores, depreciation of nachinery,
all the little bags of shells in short.”

“Your profits must be enormous,” said
the wool gathering student. The manu-
facturer gazed at him as if he had lost
his mind

“Profite? Profits?” he asked of the stu-
dent again and again; “my dear sir, are
you quite daft? What is true of the labor-
ers picking up the horse chestnuts on the
roof is true of all these clerks, managers

and vice-presidents. They have to be
paid salaries, ‘not as they are, but also
as they ought to be.’ Profits.” sneered
the manufacturer; “what sort of a patriot
are you anyway?”

“What do you mean?” asked the stupid
student

“Have you come all the way out here
under the impression that I am the sort

jof brute who runs a factory for profits?

In | Do T look like a cold, calculating robber

September, 112, the Rev. E. A. Leeper, D. D., | baron of the old feudal days of protection?

preached a sermon in the Congregational
Chureh, Fort Recovery, Ohio, entitled “Our
Ships.’

The beautiful toast
retary of State was included in that ser-
mon WoW. Leavitt

HORNELL, May 17

The Latest Domestic Panacea.

Do you want your maid to stay?
Treat her as an equal

You don't need to raise her pay,
Treat her as an equal,

Grievances will disappear,

She will smile from ear to ear

If you'll only make it clear
That she is your equal!

Lf vou want her to behave
‘Treat her as an equal

You've been making her a slave,
Treat her as an equal.

If a game of bridge you've planned

Ask her in to take a hand;

Say her losses you will stand;
Treat her ax an equal!

Ask her at your side to dine,
‘Treat her as an equal,

Pour for her a glass of wine.
‘Treat her as an equal.

If she brandishes her knife,

If she horrifles your wife,

Do not seold her, on your life!
Treat her as an equal

Don't insist on “sir” and “ma‘tam”,
Creat her as an equal.

Let her call vou “Bill” or "Sam";
Treat her as an equal

If she wishes, let her play

Your piano half the day ;

Music drives dull care away;
‘Treat her us an equal.

Solve the problem of the age;
Treat her as an equal;
Write your name on history's page;
That will be the sequel.
There should be no yawning void
"Twist employer and employed;
Let such barriers be destroyed!
Let us all be equal!
R. H. TitmeRt nNoton.

=

Profits!" hissed the manufacturer, “Why,
the Ready Redfield Reasoning holds that

credited to the Bec- ‘the public mind would not approve of a

reduction of wages for the sake of main-
taining profits.’ Run a factory for the
purpose of maintaining profits! Why, man,
you must be mad!”

The stupefied student was about to de-
part, when he said:

“Pardon me, but may I ask what is that
halo or nimbus upon your head?”

“That,” replied ‘the manufacturer, **is
my Federal Carnegie medal, given in ex-
change for my consenting to forswear
forever any idea about that vile word
‘profita.’ You know the term ‘manufac-
turer’ is now obsolete; we are called tariff
benefactors. We live to lose.”

“I was told I was to see two Government
exhibits,” said the student.

“So you are,” said the manufacturer.
“This losing proposition, otherwise called
a factory, is one; the other Government
exhibit may be seen at Washington; he is
the Secretary of Commerce.”

 

 

Getting the People to Church tn Indiana.
Shelbyville correspondence Indiananolis News.
The people of Blue Ridge, Shelby county, are

much exelted over the subiect announced by the

Rev. bo oL. Lawls of the Methodist Episcopal

church of that place for his Sunday night sermon,

Mr. Lewls says he will speak on “The Three Fee

male Hypocrites of Blue Ridge.” ‘The people are

wondering what three women the reverend refers
to and tn what manner he will make their identity
known,

 

—

They Would Dare Drink Even Jeehack.
TO THE [DITOR OF ‘THE SUN- Sir: Does our
Ancient and Honorable Aftillery Company of
Boston drink switche? STIGGIN.
NANTUCKET, Mass., May 17.

a

 

ene,

Hirsute EMclency,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; What could
we expect from a@ man with side whiskers Iike
Secretary Redfeld's? Cc,

BouTow, May 17,

ye

+ nee.

One thing that |

 

THE HAPPY GARDENER.

|

1A SugKeSstion to Commuters Who Want
' to Get Bach to Nature,
| TO TH Briton or tae Sts Sir A seed

bow in the window of a store in the spring
lof the year isan inspiration Can gnv inan
\ pass it by without «a thrillof delieht? Can
any Man gaze unmoved upon those candy
packages, decorated in green and brown
and red and vellow, filled with the wondrous
seeds from whieh shall spring betimes rad-
ish and bean, lettuce, parsnip, carrot and
squash?

My humble summer home ia in the coun
[try, where havea very fine garden Here
T raise ali the vegetables needed for myself
and family, and here | spend four mouths of
the year
T purchase the seeds for my warden per-

 

It was nor ever thus, for in the beginning
| made the experiment of planting the ear
den in the sweat of my brow, but 1 soon
desisted. After four hours of good hard
labor spent in raking the soil, removing the
stones and astieks and old bones and tin
cans and other relica of vestervear and lay-
ing out and drilling the beds and carefully
depositing the seeds therein | invariably
discovered that the buovancy of spirit that
uplifted me at the commencement of my
labors had very perceptibly diminished
‘Frequently it had disappeared altogether.
| In fact after the day's work | was wholly
unable to experience those pleasurable
| Sertenttons 1 had read about in novels as
'
!

being usually enjoyed by the honest sons

of the Koi.

! cared not for the “rich smell of the fe-

 

enund earth,” the “primal urge” malingered:
I felt no “leaping of the blood in the veine,”
T was deaf to the “whippoorwill in the
gloaming,” “the drowsy murmurs of night”
and the “shrill chirp of the lonely cricket.”

All T wanted was to get to bed, where T
could etretch out aud sleep

1 knew that something radically
wrong and [| pondered upon the ramedy,
At last, after long and arduous study, the
light dawned, and [am now able to publish
to the world the great truth that the only
way really to enioy planting a garden is to
get some one to do it for you. 1 have fol-
lowed this policy with infinite satisfaction

1 sit on a bench near the woodshed and
watch my man rake and hoe and diz and
plant, Heis usually young and supple and
strong, and he works hard and earnestly;
but To notice that hetlacks my enthusiasm
for sunsets, although he always appears
to welcome them

A philosopher following the day's work
at a becoming distance could not fail to
make this observation: the joy that springs
from seeing an oriole flash by or a flock
of blackbirds winging their way to the
woods, the curiosity excited by tinearthing
au uncommon grub, the interest felt in the
niceties of measuring the beds and laving
them out artistically, the exaltation that
comes from reflecting upon the dignity of
labor, all these emotions are felt more
keenly by the man sitting upon the bench
than by the young fellow working in the
garden

I do not wish to have it understood that
T am a mere complacent spectator. On
the contrary Tam quite busy. I do not
work, but I dabble perstatently. T shower
inv hired man with suggestions; T encum-
ber him with help. 1 buiid up one side of
a bed; turn a corner laboriously; stake out
prospective rows of corn and potatoes; rup
a couple of drills; always open the packages
of seed: aMlx the cover of each package to
a stick and firmly implant the stiek in the
proper bed 1 do this, that or the other
thingthat strikes my faney. T revel in the
luxuries of labor; T splash in its super-
fluities. And when the day is done Lam not
too tired. The work has gone on apace and
IT have gnided it with unabated spirits. 1
am in the mood to read when the lamps are
lighted, SIMON CREEL.

ALBANY, May 17.

was

 

tn Defence of the Maine Monument.

To THE Epiror oy THE SUN Sirs Ttisright.1
think, that the million and more subscribers to
the fund of the Maine monument and the public
in general should know that in conjunction with
the committee of which the undersigned is chatr-
men there Was a committee of prominent artists
acting in an advisory capacity

This committee consisted of Frederick Dielman,
then president of the Natlonal Academy of De-
sign; John La Farge. president of the Society of
American Artists and the Mural Painters; Walter
Cook, chairman of the New York Chapter of the
Amertean Institute of Architects, and the well
known sculptor WOR O'Donovan

Ont of forty-seven models submitted three
were selected and two -ceceived money prizes
These three were of about equal architectural
merit, but the one finally seiccted was of obviously
superior merit in the matter of its sculpture, and
the committee has found ne reason, now that the
memortal is completed, to reverse its opinion or to
regret its cholee

The Art Commission shares with us respomst-
billty for the monument and the placing it in Cen-
tral Park, and also the park officials in so far as
its site is concerned. It will be dedicated on
Memorial Day. 1018 JAMES GRANT WILSON

NEW YORK, May 16

 

 

Discrimination tn the Bowels of the Earth.
TO THE Fprron oF TRE SUN Sirs ‘The Inter-
borough has a method of running its express
trains during the nigh’ rush hour which appears
unfair to persons using the Broadway distston
The arrangement makes the system appear pare
tial to those using the Lenox avenue division
| For Instance, many evenings have I stood on
the Fulton street platform waiting for a Broad-
way express train to take me uptown, ‘The first
express train coming In would be marked with
red and green signals indicating the train was
bound for the Lenox avenue division

“Oh, well,” thought I, “the next train will be a
Broadway express.”

I was doomed to disappointment, for the foi-
lowing express was also labelled with red and
green signals. Of course {t was bound for the
Lenox avenue division. Then a Broadway ex-
press would come along and naturally the cars
would be crowded to capacity owing to the long
delay, many persons congregating on the plat-
forms all along the route

West Siders using the Broadway division feel
that the Interborough should be {mpartial and
run Lenox avenue and Broadway trains alter-
nately, not double up on the trains of one diviston
to the detriment of the other division

NEW YORK, May 17

 

 

 

 

The Astor Houses of the Far East.

To THE FprroR OF THE SUN Sir: The passing
of the Astor House has been Interestingly told
by THE SUNS and its old time reputation among
Muropean visitors commented on, but the popu.
larity of its name among the hotel men of the
Far Vast has not been mentioned and Is entitled
to notice,

There are Astor Houses in Hongkong, Shanghai,
Hankow (burned), ‘Thentsin and Seoul, These
are all representative hotels and worthy of their
iNustrious namesake

Scattered through the country tn smaller towns
are also alleged hotels of that name, but like it
alone in that

It gives the thred traveller a pleasant start to
sec and hear the well known name tn so many
‘widely separated places. CeCe?

FULTON, May 17

 

The Right of Our Sisters ‘to Become Demor-
alized."

To THE EDITOR OF THE NUN Sir: But what,
my dear Mr. Heflin, {f we choose to become “de-
moralized,” Ike our Callfornia sisters, “what,”
in the words of the tmimortal Irishman at Niagara

Falls, “what's to hinder’? B.
STELTON, N. J, May 16,
Number 885 Hroadway).
To TRE MbITOR Or THR SUN- Sir: Colonel 1.

Allston Brown ty wrong about the Theatre Fran-
cals. He errs in regard to $85 Broadway. ‘Tony
Pastor called it the Metropolitan
tain the name of Theatre Franeals
SPRING GLEN, May 17 ‘Max HARRIS

 

Discipline.
Reestablish Spank Day. THE SUN .
This sentence surely should be uyderiined,
No better implement has been designed
‘To teach unruly lads the way to mind,
Than mother’s slipper, well applied, behind

For children of the present day, we nd,
Think that obedience long has been consigned
‘To outer darkness -and that they re most kind
If now and then some ordinance they mind.

Maybe King Solomon was not purblind;
And well carned spanklugs teach a boy to find
His proper social level, Never mind,

The fool killer has got his job assigned!

Guonas B. Monswoop.

 

|

|

 

 

a TS

It did not re- |

 

 

 

FATHER KNICK FINDS
HE LIKES 70 BE CLEAN

Asks, Please, That After This He
Re Seoured Daily, Not
Onee a Year.

DWARDS SEES

E A LIGHT

conally; the garden itself T plant by proxy. | West Side Cellars Are as Full

of Rubbish as Kast Side,
(Gileaners Find,

The large quantities of rubijsi «
lected by the Street Cleaning Depart
ment during the city’s cleanup weet
have convinced Commissioner Waward:
of the need of more thorough daily ¢
lections of rubbish,

Heretofore wornout articles of tare
size have been refused by the depart
ment and rather than have them
moved at their own expense hous
holders have tossed them into vacuy:
lots or back yards, Commiossioner lid
wards first noticed this condition wihii:
inspecting districts in Brooklyn with
Dr, Marion MeMillan last Wednesday
He found a dozen outworn boilers
one lot.

The need for extensive and con
tinuous relief like this was one of tle
great lessons that Commissioner Erne:
J. Lederle of the Health Departmen:
hoped would be brought out by the
cleanup work. He had previously
urged the Street Cleaning Department
to perform this extra removing, but had
been unable to gain his point. It has
now been shown that the city scourera
can remove all such articles.

The programme that was planned
in the beginning is now officially com-
pleted, but for the wext ten days the
dump carts will have to go over much
of fhe territory just visited. Commis-
sioner Lederle, Commissioner Edwards
and Dr. McMillan have expressed their
sutisfaction at the work done.

The campaign will still be carried on
along preventive and educational Nnes
The work has aroused a widespread
desire for a more sanitary metropolls,
and the Health Department, in conjunc-
tion with numerous private organiza-
tions like the City Club and the Houre-
wives League, will continue to strive
for better living conditions,

Parents on the Eust Side will be in-
structed on the proper surroundings !n
which to bring up their children and
the war on the housefly will go on vig-
orously,

Om the whole the workers found that
the householders were only too glad to
cooperate with them in disposing of
their truck. This was especially evi-
dent on the East Side. Some of the
women there told Health Department
agents that they had thrown away 2!
their old mattresses and then wanted
to know when the department would
give them new ones, It was found that
in their zeal they had thrown away a
good deal of old furniture, with the as-
surance that it would all be replaced by
the Health Department with new.

The West Side surprised the collec-
tors by showing altnost as much trash
as the Kast Side, In fact this region
took longer to cover than had been
calculated, Most of its rubbish came
from the inside of the buildings, and
was not displayed on the sidewalks as
profusely as on the East Side.

rm

in

BOY SCOUTS CLEAN A RIVER.

Take Tin Cans, Shoes and Dead Cats
From Once Lovely Nepperhban.

Yonwers. May 17.—T'wo hundred Boy
Seours tried to clean the Nepnerhan
River te-day in connection with 4
week's clean city campaign, The rivet
flows through the centre of the tv
and for years has been a catchall for
rubbish of every deseritption.

In the days when the Indians used |
paddl» down the Nepperhan River 9
their canoes to trade with Dutch sailor
who came up the Hudson to {ts mou!
the Nepperhan was a pure and beautifii!
stream, but

In tive hours the boys fished out 4’
least ten thousand tin cans, pans an!
pails, scores of bed springs, half a doze.
baby carriages, several bundred od
shoes, boxes, barrels and papers galore
and a half dozen dead cats, dogs on!
chickens. The Department of Pub!'>
Works had men and teams ready to d!s-
pose of the rubbish,

CONGRESS CAMPAIGN PLANNED.

 

Democratic National Committeemen
Confer With Lioyd and Page.

WASHINGTON, May 17.—The execu's’
campaign committee of the Democra’e
National Committee conferred to-day witt
Representatives Lloyd and Page, who wer
elected by the Congressional eampal-"
committee ta confer with members repres
senting the Democratic Natfonal ©
mittee with reference to cooperation in the
Congressional campaign
. The representatives of the two commi'-
tees agreed there should be thorough and
harmonious aetion, It was the Judgame
of present that the Congressioia!
cominittee should appoint a committee of
tive to confer with the executive campa.s?
committee of the national committee

Meantime Page and Lloyd will confer
with a committee representing members of
the Senate who are interested in the
coming Congressional eleetion, Chairman
Palmer and Mr, Pence, the manager +
publicity bureau of the executive
paign eommittee, were authorized to cl
fer with Page and Lloyd pending «sane
ization of the Congressional committer
The executive campaign committee «d-
journed subject to the call of the eh
man.

 

  

 

those

 

ime

 

BIG COAST LINER LAUNCHED.
The Congress Is 643 t-3 Feet Long
—Rates at About 8,000 Tons.
Campen, N. J, May 17.--The steamship
Congress, building for the Pacifie Coast

Steamship Company, was launched to-day
at the plant of the New York shipbullang

 

Company She is the largest Americad
coustwise steamer ever constructed she
measures 642 feet 6 inches over -

f

f5 feet beum and is rated at about *'"
tons

The Congress was christened by Miss
Mary Phelps Jacob of New York, a niec®
of President W. M. Barnum of the Pavifl9
Coast Steamship Company.

The vessel is constructed of ster! and
has ten steel bulkheads. She has wecone
modations for 410 first class passengers:
106 second class ahd 108 third class, and
will carry a crew of 176. Bach room |as
an electric heater and running weter
The first clase dining saloon is 54 by 78
feet und will seat 216 passengers.

Yen boilers supply steam to two winle
expansion engines of 3,600 indicated
horse-power each, which are expected \@
drive the vessel at sixteen and a |!
knots.

f