“parties

 

VOL. LXXXI.—NO, 44,

Se eae oon meaeneion

COURT HALTS
SULZER TRIAL

  

 

\rgue To-day on a
Technicality.

 

JTDGE MILLER'’S POINT

 

Lo LL,

ee oN oee eee”

 

 

 

| DECKER MAY SUCCEED PROUTY.'

 

  

N EW

' Commerce Commi to Head
Ratiroad Vataation furene.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.-—Charles

Prouty of Newport, Vt. since 1846 a!

member of the Interstate Commerce Com-

| mission and for one term its chairman,

| will retire next month to become director

Opposing Counsel Invited to:

of the bureau of physical valuation of
railroads to be created by the commission.

Commissioner Prouty was appointed bs
President Cleveland as a Republican mem-
ber of the commission. He has been con-

| Sidered one of its most radical members
He had charge of the inv estigation of the |

| affairs of the New

Judge Cullen Says Delay Is,

No Indication of Mem-
hers’ Views.

 

GOVERNOR SEES

A FUTURE

 

|The term of Commissioner

Haven railroad
wrote the*recent report
so much attention,
Commissioner Prouty's retirement will
make two vacancies on the commission
for President Wilson to fill this year
Judson ©
Clements of Georgia will expire in Decem-
ber, It is expected that he will be
appointed,

re.

; Many vears in Congress.

| Beneral

If Ousted Plans to Stump the;

State Next Month and Run
Again Next Year,

 

A RANT. Oct. 13.—Instead of proceed-
ne toward a verdict to-day the im-
pea rent eourt unexpectedly halted to
low tie Lawyers to argue a question of
srave significance to both sides to-mor-
ow morning

The question is: How shall the court
evstier in pondering the guilt or inno-

ve of Gov, Sulzer the testimony which

 

  

 
 
 

 

Patrick J. Farrel, for
counsel for the commission
trafic manager of the Boston
Chamber of Commerce and at one time
connected with the Wabash system,
Martin &. Decker
Public Service Commission of New York
and one time assistant secretary of the
Interstate Commerce Commission
mentioned as possibilities to succeed Mr.
Prouty.

TWO ARMED MEN CAUSE

many
; David ©. Ives,

 

'
and

‘MAY

which attracted |

\

He is a Democrat and served {

years

and)
of the Second District |

are)

PANIC ON CROWDED CAR

 

Annoying Women When Detec-
tive Interferes and Takes

 

YORK, TUESDAY, 0 OCTOBER 14,

FLIER IS LOST

 

Rises From Hempstead Field
About 7 A. Me: Then

No Trace of Him.

BLOWN

 

BE TO SEA
‘Coast Guards Wateh in Vain!
—Wireless Messages to

Ships Fruitless,

FRIENDS GIVE UP

Planned to

Enter Aeroplane Race

Missing Airman

 

 

rT
HOPE

' GERMAN CRUISER TO MEXICO.

 

at t Newport for Orders,

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sex
Berwin, Oct. 13.—-The Cologne Gazette
) Says that in view of the situation In Mex-
ico, Germany has decided to send a war-
i ship to that country.

Hatirax, N. &, Oct,

this afternoon the German cruiser Hertha, |

; Which has been here for two weeks, sailed |
for Newport, where further orders will be
j fecéived. It was not known by the Ger-
man Consulate in the city that the cruiser
‘was proceed thereafter to Mexico
-account of the trouble there as reported
lina cable from OM Saree:

WON'T BE BOSS! BOSSED, SAYS McCALL.

| Resents Newapaper imputation That
(le In Marphy's Man.
Answering the charge of certain news-
| papers that he is not his own man and‘
‘that ff he becomes Mayor he will be unde:
| the thumb of Charles F. Murphy, Fdward
; &. MeCall clenched his fist yesterday and
{said that he
| thinks is right.
| “When they said that I would not be
master of my own will,’ he said, “they

 

ao we CO

13.—-At 4 o'clock |

on

will do precisely what he,

 

 

  

1913.-— Copyright, 1913, uA the Sun ee and ee Association.

” VANISHES IN FOG (CAPT. BARR TELLS “SUN” OF

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day; to-morrow fair and warmert
moderate northwest winds.

Detailed weather reports will be found on page 1 1.

 

 

 

seeetsiisiiiinit roe TWO CENTS,

——O

 

~ RESCUE OF 529 F ROM VOLTURNO

‘UNDERWOOD IN RAGE |

 

|
!
\
\

tg Is Called “Tool of Wall) which

Street" by Ex-N
Officer.

HOTLY

vaval

 

¢ HARGE

 

Underwood) Says) Ryan
810,000 to Help Wilson
Become Governor.

 

AT HOBSON IN HOUSE

DENIED)

Gave) company here, who until three years ago
| was assistant superintendent of the Cu-

 

 

 

 

RUMOR OF WRECK PLOT,

verpool Heare Uranium Company

Weave Rivals for Voltern Leas.
Special Cable Deapatch to Tue Sen.

LIVERPOOL, Oct. 13.—There is a rumor
in Liverpool, which is unbelievable, but
the correspondent of THe 8UN
sends for what it is worth, to the effect
| that the destruction of the steamship
, Volturno was the result of a deliberate
| plot. This is said to be the belief of
the owners of the Uranium Line, who
ascribe it to attempts of rival emigrant
lines to break up the Continental business
of the company,

Capt. Tinsley,

Master Gives
Description
of Disaster.

Carmania‘s
Graphic

 

 

 

CALLED

—_—-—--—————.

|
|
| TWO HEROES
Passengers on Cunard Liner
Praise Barr and
Capt. Ineh.

LINERS NEARING

manager of the Uranium

nard company, says he has been im- N. \.
bressed with the signs of bitter antago. |

nism on the part of the Continental rivals

 

Around Manhattan. j knew very well that no man can control | | of the Uranium company, who were Kurfuerst and kroonland
me. They Knew very well that neither | WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—A political de- | alarmed over the rapid growth of the = ee : .
oes > what f shall éo." re ae bate between Oscar W. Underwood and | trade of the latter company from Dutch With 196 Survivors Ex-
| to dictate what I shall do.” . - .
Nivbert J Jewel, an experienced aviator, Judge McCall said that the necessary | Richmond P. Hobson, candidates for the ports. | ne “| ; +
lett ts | United States Senate from Alabama, in| This antagonism was shown in many pected To-morrow,
e mpstead, L. 1, vesterday morning | sequel to viclous attacks on public men the ii lkv tore ‘ : ways saya Capt. Tinsley |
‘to fly to the Oakwood Heights Aerodrome | would be the placing in power of men who | We House to-day bordered on the Sones ys says Capt. Tinsley. The German | Sisiesemcnninile
in Staten Island, where he expected to! will obey the dictates of editors. Strong! ‘ional. The names of President Wilson, | officials forbade German emigrants to
start in the race around Manhattan Isiand | men, he said, will be unwilling to run for | Secretary Brvan and Thomas F. Ryan of | sail on vessels of the Uranium Line, and} RELIEF PLANS COMPLETE
in the afternoon loffice and subject themselves to publle| New York were brought into the bitter | there was constant trouble with the sea-
He did not reach Staten Island and he! TeViling. He had no quarrel with the | discussion. men, who were Dutch and Belgians, and |
has not been seen since he left Hemp-| freedom of the press, he said, but he’ Mr. Hobson reiterated a charge he had | whose disaffection is attributed by Capt. | . = ?
stead Plains j would go to any length to prevent neWs-) made on the stump in Alabama, that Mr. | Tinsley to interference by rival com- | Red Cross to Give Immigrants
“hate last night Mr. Jewel's friends lost ir Heenee. Underwood as a candidate for the Demo- | panies Capt. Tinsley has been trying Monev and Clothes on
all hope that he was safe somewhere | cratic Presidential nomination last year | for a long time to remove the Duteh | .
is believed that be was blown out to was used as a “tool by Wall Street,” and | and Belgian element from the crews, | Arrival,
sea and drowned that he was likewise a “tool of the liquor | whose British officefs found these men |

Heory Morgenthau, Ambassador to Tur-.
Key. Dusean W. Peck, Superintendent of Guns After Fight
Puble Works, and Allan A. Ryan gave : :
for the prosecution”
This testimony reviewed acts of the! he homegoing of forty passengers on
rovernor not mentioned in the impeach- a southbound Third avenue, Brookiyn.
articles, The conversations which car was enlivened last evening by a fra-
‘is. Morgenthau and Mr. Ryan had with} cas following the action of Detective
Mr. Sulzer took place after he was im.) George Priday of the Hamilton avenue
preached, Mr. Morgenthau testified that | station in Preventing Gerona Balazano
w Governor asked him to “be easy on and Michael Engenito, both of 30 For-
ne ind to treat the Ambassador's $1,000 tieth street, from bumping against the
eontr bution 4s a4 “personal matter be-! knees of women anid purposely falling
tween you and me." Duncan W. Peck | iato their laps
swore that the Governor advised him to Priday got on the car with the men
perjure himself betore the Frawley com-. at) Third avenue and Carroll street be-
mittee as to Mr. Peck’s $500 contribution | cause he didn't like their conduet in the
to "Do as | shail—deny it.’ Through | street and suspected they would continue
Allan Ryan the Governor's futile attempt. to annoy women.
fo have Willlam Barnes, Jr. and Charles The two men planted themselves in
*® Murphy stop the trial was revealed. front of two girls, and at every jureh of
Iu the opinion of many persons the dis- the ca; bumped with great force against
Josures of the three witnesses hit the them. Tie girls remonstrated. and se
oh a ein NvTin ee edit aL did men passengers, riday warned the
Gdicue. o Saclns i eMBAce BE He SOLE pair to behave, and Balzano and En-
pproached thet verdict it was borne in eel mereis grinned The detective saw
hon them: that the place of thé testi= the butt of a revolver sticking out of
nony in the impeachment articles had | Bélzano's pocket. He grabbed the man,
nt heen Asad: ; #nd both rolled on to the floor,  Priday
gol Balzano's revolver, and Engenito
To Fit Tentt ny to Artiele. started for the door, Passengers barred
The eight articles must be voted upoa his way, and, drawing his revolver, he |
ana by of Under what head should | Stood directly over the struggling pair
3). iy at genthau-Peck testimony | Everybody in the ear got excited ana
ome? Several aided the detective, while others ,
These three men save money. to the; disarmed Mnweniio George Newman of
sididate. Did their testimony apply only | 188 Twelfth street, Brooklyn, blew) Pri-
o articles 1, 2 and 6, relating to the Gover: | day's call whistle at the latter's request
vs false Campaign statement and use of | @Md then fell off the car, beeaking his
ampaign money in the stock market" Or, leg. :
ould it be classed also as evidence that Two policemen got aboard at Fours
* tried io suppress testimony and be ap- SeR DN) cannest, where “she -prisahers were
Ved to article 4, which is the “suppres. taken off,
on’ article? If so, would that article Do. Mays of the Methodist Mpiseopat
ave to be amended, and does the im-, Hospital patehed up the prisoners, and
peachment court have the amending power , he detective, Balzano and Engenito were
or only the Assembly, which prepared the lveKed up at the Fifth avenue station
Bt ICiee: | for violating the Sullivan law against .

These were points in the problem whie BY
e court confronted to-day. First the |

| carrying Weapons

 

NIn6 Cause Gt Avonale dUteee onmiideras (RMD OAM FAILS TO LURE BRYAN

toem in
Then they called in Robert F. Wagner,
president pro tem, of the Senate, and Sen-
Kion R. Brown, leader of the Repub-
can minority, and consulted with them as
‘o the advisability of asking the trial
awyers to argue the puzzling question.
(ine of the results of this conference
Was that the Court of Appeals Judges did
nut reach the trial room until 3 o'clock,
adf an hour after the appointed time of
opening to-day’s session The other was
teat the court immediately went into
secret session and for nearly an hour and
« half debated whether or not the
snould be invited to argue.

 

‘to

Asks Lawyern to Argue.

There was no roll in this private
/onsultation.
‘nat Presiding Judge Cullen should make
‘als request, which he did when the doors
recpened to the gallery spectators
! newspaper reporters:

‘The court desires counsel for both
to argue further the question
whether the acts and conversations test!-
hed to by Peck, Morgenthau and Ryan, or

‘ther of them, can he considered as being
#ots of misconduct for which the respond-
et ean be convicted under Article 4, or

eall

Sere

oly as corroborative evidence of the other |

«\legations stated in the charges; and
whether this court has the power to amen
© articles, if they are insufficient, to in-
ide the acts so as to include them.”
“Gentlemen,” Judge Cullen added, }
speaking directly to the opposing counsel,
“the court considers the question which it
has asked you to argue of considerable
‘nportance and therefore, so that your
«'gument be deliberate and on reflection,
Will give you until to-morrow morning
10 o'clock, at which time you will ap-
jear here, if you desire, either side, to
comply with the request of the court.
“And especially I wish to impress on
‘ne counsel and on all persons who are
attendance in this court that notifica-
on of this desire on the part of the court
hot indicate any views as to the
‘verits of this case having been taken by
the court or any members. It is simply
‘0 wet your views on this question, on
*hiicn, with all respect to the great ability
aid earnestness with which this case was
sgued, we would lke to have further
!istruction and information.”

Argument Begins at 11:30 A. M.

Penatoy Wagner reminded Judge Cullen
that the Legislature is due to meet and
diourn at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning
‘od rather than have the argument as to
‘ve Ryan-Morgenthau-Peck testimony in-
Strrrupted it was decided to have it begin
41 11:30 o'clock instead of 10.

L-Cady Herrick and Louls Marshall will

 

 

its own rooms at the Capitol. |

Went Talk at Soctalint Meeting;
Afraid, Says Organizer.
Secretary of State William Jennings!

Bryan has turned down a chance to get
patd for a talk at regular Chautauqua
rates. He gave as his reason the pres-
sure of other business.

It was learned yesterday

that the ex-

j ecutive committee here of the Socialist

} wrote Mr
lawyers!

!

Without dissent they agreed |

|
|

+ party wanted Mr. Bryan to take part in
a cateh as catch can debate with a So-
cidlist at Carnegie Hall. The comini:

Bryan that he might choose
date and that his expenses as

tee

his own

well as his regular lecture fee would be}
| paid,

Mr. Bryan's vefusal surprised the com-
mittee. Julius Gerber, organizer of the
local Socialists, sald that he didn't be-
lieve that it was the pressure of business
eo much as that kept Mr. Bryan
from earning the fee.

“LT believe he

 

said Mr,

COPS CLOSED } ) MICHAUD'S SHOW.

Restaurant Keeper's
Shoald Have Had License.

Inspector James Gillen, in charge of the
old Tenderloin, got a telegrain yesterday
| afternoon advising him to look over the
| cabaret at Michaud’s restaurant at Broad-
way and Forty-second street last night.
With Serg. Liebolt and half «a dozen
detectives Inspector Gillen enjoyed what
he said was a full size vaudeville show
and then arrested Alfred C. Michaud, the
proprietor, charging him with running,va
theatrical show without a license,

About 250 diners were in the place at
the time and some of them followed
Michaud down to the West Thirtieth street
station and then to the night court.

up to date  Roolatist, im Gerber

 

Say

was afraid to debate the!
question of socialism with a well posted; “!

Cabaret.

I

Some }

seventeen chorus girls and men from the |

show, with their makeup still on, were in

i

the court room when Magistrate Freschi |

adjourned the case until] Wednesday, Bail}
for Michaud was set at $500, which wus
put up immediately by one of the diners,

VOYAGERS' HATS UNTOUCHED.

Dosen Women Wearing Aigreties
Admitted by Customs Men,

A dozen or more women who arrived
yesterday by the Holland-America liner
Rotterdam wore algrettes in thei; hats,
but none of them was requested by cus-
toma inspectors to take the feather out

 

 

and turn It over to She custody of Uncle
Sam.

J. oR. Hall, manager of the aviation meet

on Staten Island, in whieh

   

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

Jewel was to|

|

‘NOT T0 COME ( OCTOBER 15

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

Hobson further
Mr.

Interests" Mr,

that support for Underwood's Presi-

 

 

     

 

charged |

 

troublesome |
Capt says he has received |

Tinsley

Capi Barr of the Carmania told te

 

 
 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

-
have taken part, said last night: “I think | dential candidacy “was obtained under | many threatening letters. He got one on THe SUN correspondent in Liverpoo! ia
) that Jewel is drowned and his machine is | | false pide diem we, eve) Se SURES, Ot 1ns cerns | night the splendid story of the rescue
kone = My only hope, and it is a mighty | | Mr. Underwood, white with anger, re- | which read: “If you do not grant our ! of 886 oP the Vol : :
slim one, is that he has been picked up by | Companies Get More Time to! plied, calling on his antagonist to pro- | demands, one of your boats will be | . = : Pow MeL DA A oseatah td Sol. ane
‘a boat that has no wireless.” . , duce evidence that he ever had served | burned There was trouble with the fae He commanded the international
Offictals of the Molsant International Present Arguments on , the interests of either Wall Street or the | crew before the Vulturno sailed, but it | feet which answered the SO 8S call
Fliers, to which Jewel was attached, kept Small Packages, | Wie Tia e bed Ri obaes dibate widths ! was not serious enough to prevent the and so manwuvred twelve steamship
In touch by wireless with all ships near | | liveltene aflair of the kind witnessed in | "SS! from leaving {that collisions were avoided and th:
New York all day yesterday and with, the House in many years. Mr, Hobson | Ht is the assumption of the owners of | Volcurno’s survivors taken off safe!
Wireless: stations as far as Nantucket, WASHINGTON, Oct, 1%.-—-The reduced ex- | recalled that in 1912 Seeretary Bryan had | the Hne and of Capt, Tinsley that a bomb despite the great storm,
No trace of the missing aviator was! press rates ordered by the Interstate | characterized Mr. Underwood as a “reac. | Was exploded in the hold of the Vol. | The ers of the Ci Ba
found | Commerce Commisston will not go Mto} Gonary candidate. jturno and that the explosion set fire | tase ag Me dir thle
He apparently was swallowed in a cloud’ eect on October 15, the date first fixed. | to the ship | that there were two heroes whose cour-
of mist as svon as he elt Hempstead some time ago the express compantes filed | Thele Differences Buried. Rr aes ee age and intelligence stand out in ti
Plains in the early morning. a petition with the commission asking for | Aéplylte to thie thrust Air. Una ; FOE OF STEAMSHIP POOL j story of the disaster—Capt. Inch, wi).
Widespread Search in) Vain. n postponement wa the ae oe The | anid: ying trust: Mr. Underwood | | subdued @ mutiny and kept hundred
Although a special lookout was kept AI UHICEMATLR tie indie Ceiaatan “Mr. Bryan and I have had our dif ~ comin te Vempenr omy Independent) trom virtual euicide in small boats, an:
for Jewel bys surfinen at the lite SAVINE ‘the commission to consider further are ft of the - © buried them for the bene- Emlgrant Line. Capt. Barr, whose resourcefulnes
| deraey ciate yesterday when i became Kune BY the sompanies as tO WHY £6 |. gentleman to eet front Alt va ie | bere areas carime Company bas lamoothed the AIMCult problems of th
; kKhown that the airman was missing, no commuasion’s order in regard) to rates on,| day a statement that Iam a reactionary | the first has been operated ak an ingas FOBCUC WORK:

' report of the sightitur of an aeroplane CRE DRCR AEE Fee ed Bee Rene: | This statement, which embodied the pendent Tt i ‘dl ia Oil takes its place with wireless as 4
ea ben ‘ . » life savers |, For some reason the commission, It WAS | news—now made known to the public for | ie Wik Ne -ohtare ok ce ae : a)
eu lee ee as et ““*** \teurned to-day, haw fatted to take up the liter Bret ticne—stuey har Underwood anil cece eon with fo officers and no di- | Means of great life saving, Had not 11)
Men the Western Union tower at petition of the express companies and the | Mr. Bryan had buried the hats thet as did nein Ane rae Raines 18 NOH MARK steamship Narragansett pumpe

3 ey ' “latter, awaiting the action of the commis. ! Mr. Bryan and Speaker Clark an it rolled by railroad and other corporations vast quantities of oil on the raging se.
Sandy Hook and in ane Postal and West+ | sion, have not filed the necessary lawful | w y a'speaker Clark e 9 the lin thie country and Canada, Its opera: " eng u * '
ern Union towers at Fire Island scanned | notices in reanrd to chatees in rates. I} Har Administration, was Breetes iowit NY one are directed through four general the sma boats of the fleet would no
Ee eS arefully alt ining, and: the | Therefore it is said at the commission's a ewe p ee s2RMOREA Y managers, one each in New York, Rotter. 5 have been able to work under the Vo
wat h tii maint uae i hy ! roe INE) oitee tt will be necessary for the commis- at eat te ee | dam, London and ae. 8 }turno’s stern and take the survive
lope that the aviator, after having Jost avant. ate. . 8 ed to ullerance b 7 . treet aS enae ,
is Way in the early morning mists, | anes dice OF the ak eae ce | 2 Speech delivered in the House last week Fe sey Pee Auantic steamship pool has ; from, life lines.
night ftlad a favoring upper air current Tt {achot. dikcloaed Now. much longer the | ees Jeremiah Donovan ot | cee ne pa company from its in- | All reports received so far indicate
and win back to land in case, as was) pubtic will have to walt before the reduc. | ie et eae ce oaiocrets “Whe rebuked rue - titer company was organ. | that only about a third of the crew wer
feared, he had becn carried out to sea | tions become operative. Mr. Hobson for negleeting his public du- tmed particularly to bid for the immigrant ! saved, about thirty out of ninety-thres
All. of the life anving, stations slong ee fs ts Ae : pursuit of thé elusive dollar On the) trade and advertises to carry passengers Although som f th é s ‘ sli i
Vivre Island beach were asked early for VES ) beutauqua circuit, ‘between New York anc , a eee ne erew. were: Killer
news of the missing aviator, but although VISCOUNT PRO Ee S LEGITIMACY, Mr. Hobson began by inserting ia the) ates $5 to $7 lowe: ee eee te (oy the explosion that started the fire
the station lookouts watehed sky as Court Finds Karl of dhpewaharyts| OCs certain newspaper articles com steamship pool the fact that only thirty or se were
Well as Sea. nothing more than high fy menting on the withdrawal of Represen- | Kate cutting he | i Teventually saved ‘ms tot ttl
og Wild fowl was sighted Marringe Valid, tative Henry Do Clayton from th Sena a ee REFE OF ines selected | @\\ Re eers ine Wape ong TH Te OU ;
Leohkouts Were also st otioned on Special Cable Despote) to Tan Sex lorial race at the suggestion of President | m fhe pool to start ships at the same | story of the panic, the charge made
LTPRERIAR RUIN TATA CLIK AT Ra LoNpoN, Oct. 18.—\iacount Ingeatre,| Wilson. One of these newapaner articles | 2 aod hour as the Uranium company | Walter Trintepohl that oan Thursda
marshes, and iessiges ware sent to at) the eldest son of the Earl of Shrewsbury, | pressed curiosity concerning Mr. Hob. | U°#!!y drove the independent concern te ;Morning some of the crew practicall
of the South Shore villages on Lone e premier Earl of England, appeared to ; Sons support of Mi. Underwood for the | Me wall le t Ad 5 ae et
felanil Yet av far as could be learnen day in the Probate and Mivorce division | President nomination, “if he knew al)! The Uranium company still has trouble | utinied, shoved aside women and chil-
hooohe had sighted Jewel after he diss of the law courts to prove his legitimacy | Uese dark and evil things about him lin Europe, where members of the pool | Gren. seized lifeboats and were drowned
appeared trom view of the watehers at. The case arose in the course of a business This referred to My Hobsons charge that | « ontral the situation It Was said by one |when these boats were crushed againa:
Liempstead Plains ransaction in which big interests were br ader Underwood was a tool of the ine | nt the officials of the Uranium com any | the ship's side.
From the Navesink ite saving statio involved aand in which somebody ques | Pests in the whiskey ring Laege that the German Gove : t ‘To-morrow, it is expect 1
whieh is the clearing house for news from tioned the Countess of Shrewsbury's tivst | Mr Hobson next ins ted in the record | Will not allow a passenge Poe neitt an : se - aici rey Aw shipa
ithe New Jersey coust stath elme ihe marriage to the Bark ‘The Karl and Vie.) 4! eScerpt from Senator Baakhead’s test te Sie a ee eh . this country , bringing nearly 200 of the Volturno's
Seed ee gueia ING-uMehniaiw atenten count thought that in view of thin quen|™MOMY before the Senate campaign tneca oe i one of the independent | survivors will reach ths port. The
flaca nli tronow declaration of legitimacy should be ie committee ino which M Dank ae wOg Tet) croas the bord ¢) |} Grosser Wurfuerst with ios aboard
Giided ¢ Toward Jamaica. ronotinced while the evidence was obtain Head weknowledged ta INS recelyed $35 should arrive here *} ra, sade
It Was at 6.40 Velook when Jewel rose. thle 000 from Thomas B Ryan tor th ide BELIEVE CHEMICALS EXPLODED fees be af rt ae ari
Above the aviation fleld at Hempstead in The Bark and Countess were married | Seed FF ECUn VE HOL CamMpnaicn Rire May 0 st und Ree oye
his Molsant Monuplane CGleriot typer and UO lune 21, 1882. Viscount Ingestve was PMtined that he assumed full resporsioiiiis , ave Reached soo Canske  ftst of Sandy Hook at noon yesterday
Klided off Over the sheds toward Jamaica UOrn September Sof the same vear Bee EE the weeepiince and dishursemen a of Gin, The Wroonland should reach here
and Belmont Park, is course took hing, fore she married the Barl the Countess le Ryan moges | The manifest of the Volturno was re.) Wednesday night, She was 1,200 miles
from Belmont biark » Tieoklyn, and Wis Mes. Miller” Mundy She deft) hes reived at the office of the line Yesterdaw. jeast of Sandy Hook at noon Sunday
doross the Narrows to Staten Island husband Apel 2b, 188d Mr Mundy sued) Mr. Mroan's Stntemenut, Svowed that three-fourths of the lost running in a northwes: xo pet,
There was a northwes nd yesterday for divorce amd the ease was undefended Nalini ; eer } Veanel SOCATEO WAS Innde up oof on minced. | \ Cee mn a8 :
that had power behind Noaecree hist was gianted in Decembe Mi be Nitera ieahivinterartAnha ‘ MILE? HEN SOuR ussortment of chemieals Among Mayor Kine has appeated for a@ relel
Wt was 4 duy that aviators call billowy! ISS, dnd the divorcee was made absolute Mr. Harmon. a: L M ‘ s i 3 he items ave 123 casks Of ehloride of fund and hopes that a ery ! pronase
ated daueeious for Jewel or any dhian! on June 20, 1992. ‘The Bard and the Coun- ass See Patan, rf pct a Porn, SO0 cusks of gin, 200 cages of Will be made The survivors of the
to try to get to Staten Island. ‘Phe trp, tes Were married the next das | was picked: out firet. but i: is a = tage wuantity of barium peroxide! \yoiturne ost everything they had The
whieh a\iators y is at best ditfieult, takes ; NnotDer ma age ceremony was pers | Lexan to enews Para nee: a : : a i 3 SPORE Quantity of potator * It is SUAcreee harm abianned ss a !
ene geross Sheepshead Bay, Jamatea Bay Tormed on July 26, fss2. ‘This was done tas becuine evident that y a coh aor a ee wy ilies | survivor , t aria 4 By PASS <8
New York Bay, where aeroplanes run| because there was some doubt in the SRR inary nats thant i is me ae oe Me ee ne muvivore: on the Nioonland and th.
sto many wip Develties ;Ounds of the lawyers as tu whether or not That is not omy et tlement saul M tlhe deok aft w Vape AbUarat, ie | Mrossey Burtuerat ta take cars of them
Mr, Hall, manager of yesterday's meet, there was a month's time allowed for the | ig ousen That is ys sf ee eet cae ox ; i ere while here and to do wha! os possible
fand manager of all of the Motsant enter-! right to apyeal in an undefended divors ©! ham Tanna Bryan Oe SL tee ssiaatncerieiasiasa eas ; toward reuniting faniilies
prises, received word from Hempstead at} ease, which would have made che tirst | " . Ra ears IAL Pyke aE
his room in the Hotel MeAlpin the mo-{ marriage premature. | may differ with Mr Bryan's poiitheal | BALLOONS STILL UP IN CUP RACE. |
‘inent Jewel left) the fleld He kept in} «The court pronounced Viscount Ingestre | policies 1 have to seo & Man who doubts | serpent | BARR'S OWN STORY OF RESCUE
ftouch with the fleld and other places on) lesitimate, {his integrity, his honesty and his truth} American Entrant Reported Passtog
} Jewel's route, but received no word of iercarenereins i fuliess | Over Channel Islands, jCarmanta’s Captain Tells «Son'
the Mlers whereabouts. Ile became wor- JUDGE SPEER SERIOUSLY ILL. “My support of Mr. Underwood and ‘ Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sux | Mow 626 Passengers Were Saved.
ried When he reached the eld before! | support of the loyal Democrats and the! Panis, et 18 None of the balloons | Special Cable Despatch to Turn Sis
noon All aftesnoon he had Wireless mes.) !ehen Home From Sumaer Place—! progressive citizens of Alabanoa added Wlicll started twenty-four hours ago for | LIVERPOOL, Oct. 14--Capt Bary of the
sages Suna up and down the coast in an| Two Phystetuns at Bedalde. (Mr. Hobson, “were obcained aad false the Gordon Bennett cup has yet been ree) Cur fa stood in the smoking room of
effort to tind Jewel and at dark last night MouNT Aimy, Ga, Oct. ih —suffering ! peetence s. Mad | hoown that Thomas ported to have landed, The Goodyear, an jhis ship this morning atl o'ciock and told
he gave up hope, from a prulonge i attack of gastritis Judge | ; Fortune Ryan, the man wiom Mt ry un \merican Dalloon piloted by Ralph Up.) Tur Sun correspondent the story of how
Jewel had intended to leave Hempstead | pmory Speer of the Southern District of rebuked by name at tie Baliawore cons! son, was reported to be passing over the | the passengers of the Volturno were rea
fur Staten island on Sunday night. His Georgia has been broughtehere from. his vention and acoused.of being the tool of | Channel Islands, The other seventeen cued, P
‘wife, who had been boarding with him ;summer home at Highlands, N.C. Two Wall Street and of trying to capture the | ure still aloft somewhere between Tours The Carmania arrived here a few min
at the house of Mis, G. H. La Polnte in, physicians are attending him and his con- | P4tY: Was flnancing the major part of} and Rennes or within an area of about! utes before 1 A. M. Capt. Barr was a!
Hempstead, left that night for Staten | dition is regarded as serious. ; Oscar Underwood's campaign, not only | 200 miles, most too Weary to talk. He was heavy
Island to be there on his arrival, But His health has been poor all summer, | would a Bot have supported him but The eran pallnan amend, Au loved, Hie tees was deeply fined from
| Jewel found his machine not in perfect} put has become more eritieal during the | woula have fought him and, what ia | piloted by Tout. von ohh Herr Porle- sleeplossness and exhaustion. He smoked
working order Sunday night and so de-! jast two weeks. more, he never would have been the choice | Witz ald, passed low over Chateau d'Un, cigarettes nervously as he talked,
ided to wait until morning. He tinkered aS of the people of Alabama. | The pilot asked for his location, but the | “I won't pin myself to any time for this
about the machine in his hangar until 9} ARKANSAS TO BE “DRY.” “The support of the people of Alabama, | ProPle Who had noticed the German flag | interview,” sald the captain, “because ['m
vclock Sunday night and then went to 1 say, was secured for Mr, Underwood for { Aying een a pene? se 4 ree mwas a vary sisea fran i Til do the best l can,
; > . aba rope and called the police, re latter al- “Tt was a on the morning
bed, Supreme Court Sustaine Bil) Making! Fag bayer yd iy tie _ ps on lowed the balloon to proceed. | of October 9 when I got a message from
Airman Jocolar on Starting. ' i¢ Hard to Get License, | for the United States anata ch all nat’ be The American balloon Uncle Sam, H, BE. |the Volturno, which said she was atin:
tie gran ib ak & Biclonk WeaihbAys mAbs Livrin Roex, Ark. Oct, 13.—TPhe| obtained similarly under false pretences.” Hones well pilot, is ote he er poet and se aensiance immediately I
ing. He was confident and happy. Other | Arkansas Supreme Court rendered an Mr, Underwood, who had listened to! Loire department and le drifting along at | changed the Carmanta’e course and or-
; » hia 5 en vraw, | @ Snall's pace dered all possible speed,
aviators on the field saw to it that the! cee teehee we h will peaalis the pee Re | ee | “We arrived a little before noon. | saw
i ’ horse-power motor of the mono- | S@le of liquor in the State after Decem- nore. } 7
— areenee i a see Be A ber 8), plying He began by expressing regret | TO TAKE HUG OUT OUT OF BUNNY HUG ta Sa Sale te be Soaking badly er
Alfred Heinrichs helped Jewel to get| The validity of Senate bill No, 118 was| that Alabama politics was “dragged” to ao All 7 the Volt en ban ne
away, He had plenty of gas and oil and sustained by the court. This bill, passed | the floor of the House. Rector Will Open De Taneine School | fire. he urno’s people we
; ia le tl ip in thi vo | DY the last Legislature, requires a petition Referring to newspaper statements that With Menagerie Steps Barred. crowded at the after end, A north-north
should have made the trip In thirty-five! containing the namon of & majority of| Mr. Hobson had said in a public speech ; weat gale was blowing and I could see the
minutes, ; white adults of any community, after the nd interviews that Mr. Underwood w The Rev. George D. Hadley, rector of Volturno's propellers lifting completely
Jewel was jocular with his companions | entire county has been voted. wet under s tool of Wall erect’ ah a tosliae _ St. John's Episcopal Church, Jersey City, out of the water. There was a conside-
just before he rose into the air in his | local option, before the County Judge can Gries interests," the aac oaae a is arranging to open a school of modern able number of boats still on the after
: ,

brown monoplane with its tail of white.

A woman voyager who said she was a! He couldn't swim and wore a pneumatic
member of the Audubon Society suggested | tire inner tube about his shoulders as a

life preserver.

It was rumored that Jewel was se en,

1,000 feet above Helmont Park, but as far

i

represent the defence, and ex-Senator
‘vackett and John RB, Stanchflel@ the] to one of the inspectors that he should do |
Pomerition, Probably each side will talk! something, as she believed many of the |
least an hour, It promises to be one! feathers were bought abroad, The In-
Pa spector informed his superior and they
= decided to let the women with the
Continued on Fourth Page, algrettes alone.

 

|

 

 

So eee

Continued on Fourth Page,

grant a liquor license. The negro, a
factor in voting many counties wet, was
thus excluded.

i Vhe Legislature attached an “emergency
‘ clause” to the bill, declaring it to be im-
perative for the immediate preservation of
‘ieee health and public safety, but one
section of the bill made the act effective
January 1, 1914,

.

he had walted patiently to answer the
charge until he could look Mr.
the face.

Then turning
Mr

Hobson in

toward
called

gravely
Underwood

his col-

legmrue on him

 

 

this tirade and had gradually
ing white with anger, lost no time
| Continued on Fifth Page,

dancing where the young people of the
Bergen section may learn the latest stepa
in the terpsichorean art. He says he be-

deck, and I had learned en route that 500
people were still aboard her The wire-
less had said also that 150 had gone awa)

lieves that “one can be modern even in in the boats. It seemed a foolish ‘hing
dancing ‘without being 4 bear’ or A], risk lowering the Carmania’s boats tn
‘bunny’ or a ‘turkey’ oF some Other | vio etroumatances, but [Peli iat wo hat

creature not usually admitted to a drawing
room ov @ ballroom.”

to make a try to help them
“Ll thought of sending out four Regge

4

 

 

TF

ae