VOL LXVIIL—NO, 298,

 

a) LONT IN THE FLOOD,

———_ ----

Railroad ‘Track and Telegraph
Wrecked for 80 Miles,

PROPERTY LOSS $2,000,000,

 

Great Devastation Wrought in the
Deep Gorges.

 

“Strong Man" of a Travelling Troupe Rescued
Many —100 Cars Wrecked and Trainloads
of Coal Swept Away - Loses to the Norfolk
and Western, 61,000,000, and to Mines
About the Same—Iit Will Be a Week Before
Railroad Travel Can Be Resamed — Wrecked
Fleuses Piled High in the Beds of the
Streams, Which Have Sunk to Their Nermal
Level—Refagees Whe Filed te the Hills

Are Sure to Suffer Great Hardships.

BLUEFIELD, W. Va., June 24.—Although
two days have passed since the suddenly
rising waters of the North Fork and the
Elkhorn wrought such havoc among the
mining villages scattered through the
Pocahontas coal region, no one is able to
make more than a guessing estimate of
the loas of human life and property. It is
certain that the damage to railroad and
mining property Was enormous. Fortunately,
and almost by a miracle, the sacrifice of
men, women and children whose homes
were in the path of the flood is much smaller
than was at first reported. General Man-
ager L. E. Johnson of the Norfolk and
Western Railway says he believes the
number of lives lost does not exceed sixty.
Despite the confident reports brought to
the edge of the flooded region by a few
straggling miners and other persons, esti-
mating that the loss of life aggregates 200
or more, it is significant that not one of
them can name a eingle village where more
than four persons lost their lives. It is
probable that even General Manager John-
son's estimate, which he frankly admits ts
a guess, is exaggerated.

The flood was paralyzing in ita effects.
It paralyzed communication, both by
rail and by telegraph, and apparently
it benumhed the senses of the inhabitants
of the mining villages. Communication
between the little coal towns in the val-
leys of the Elkhorn and the North Fork
je slow and difficult. The facts that are
certain are these: The tracks of the Nor-
folk and Western Railway are broken and
useless. for a distance of eighty miles in
West Virginia. The telegraph over the
game distance ie useless, At least thirty
persons were drowned or killed by float-
tng débris and the damage to railroad
and other property is about $2,000,000,

The flood began at 2 o'clock in the morn-
ing of last Saturday. At that hour rain
“fell in torrents throughout the Pocahontas
mining regions between Bluefield on the
east and Gray on the west, and it continued
unabated for about six hours.

The rain was accompanied by such un-
usual thunder and lightning that the in-
habitants of the whole region were
awakened, Fortunately the highest water
in the rushing mountain streams did not
ocour until after daybreak. Had the worst
flood taken place at night the loss of life
must have been much greater Both the
North Fork and the Elkhorn flow through
gorges which, though of great depth, are
extremely narrow. In the very bottom
of these gorges and a maze of tributary
valleys, each containing ita rapidly fall-
ing creek, the dwellings of the miners
are huddled along the banks of the
streams. To-day the waters of the Elk-
horn, the North Fork, the Tug and the
scores of smaller streams are scarcely
above their normal height. They sub-
sided almost as rapidly as they rose, but
the flood, brief as it was, left enormous
ruin behind it.

HOUSES PI.ED UP IN MASSES.

The rails of the Norfolk and Western
tracks in scores of places are twisted like
straws. Not @ bridge, wooden or iron,
remains over any stream in the eighty-
mile section affected by the freshet.
Houses and trees are piled up in moun-
tainous masses along the beds of the
streams, Spur tracks leading to the coal
mines have slid bodily down the mountain
sides, Even the coke ovens at some points
were swept away with their molten con-
tenta, The miners and their families
stuck to their houses until the danger was
imminent, kept there by the blinding tor-
rents of rain and not realizing the rapidity
with which the streams were rising. At
Ennis, the creek rose six feet in twenty
minutes, and before the miners realized
the danger their houses began to move
away,

Every stream in the myriad gorges of the
Appalachian mountain system for a radius
of thirty miles around North Fork Junction
was awollen to ten times its normal! size,
and the deluge of rain poured from the
steep mountain sides as from the roof of
a house. A man, a woman and two chil-
dren were drowned at Algoma, the first
mining village on the North Fork, and at
least fifty persons witnessed the slght
from the mountain side, unable to save
them. They were clinging to the roof of
their house as it floated down the stream.
The building struck a jam of driftwood
and overturned.

A blacksmith in the same village caught
a rope thrown to his house by neighbors
as it awept down the creek. He held on
until he had almost reached safe ground,

 

New Fast Train to Colorado via Missoart Pacific
Rallway.

The Missour! Pacific Railway is now operating
doub-e daily service from St Louls and Kansas City
to pointsin Colorado, Utah and the Pace Coast,
Trains leave St, Louls 90) A.M and lajoP M,
Kansas City 600 P. M and 1000 A M., earrying
throuh slreping ears between St Louis and San
Franciseo withoutchange Excursion tickets now on
sale For further information, address Wm. EB. Heys,
} G. EB BP. Agt, 301 Broadway, N. Y.-- Ade,

 

 
 

SE

when he suddenly lest it and disappeared
in the torrent.

HERO OF THE HCCR A “8TRONG MAN.”

A variety show known as Joliffe’s Bright
Lights had given a performance at Poanoke
village on Friday night. Among the per-
formers was a “strong man,” who during
the flood became the hero of the hour.
He saved four persons from the stream,
wading among floating driftwood and
débris to the bank, carrying a man or a
Woman each time on his shoulders. One
of these, the proprietor of the show, had
been knocked senseless in midstfeam by
a floating log. The house of W. D. Ord,
general manager of the Empire coal mine at
Landgrafl, was swept away with a dozen
other buildings and the inmates were barely
saved, ‘

In the bed and along the sides of the
stream between Vivian and Keystone a
dozen bodies of miners, as yet unidentified,
have been recovered. Although the flood
covered territory of several hundred square
miles the loss of life and the great st dam-
age to property was confined to the region
about eighteen miles long between Ennis
and Vivian. The eleven little mining
settlements on the North Fork were the
worst sufferers. The inhabitants believe
there was a cloubdurst early Saturday
morning near the headwaters of the stream
so sudden and disastrous was the flood
and so blinding the downfall of rain.

DAMAGE TO MINES.

At North Fork Junction sixteen buildings
were swept away within ten minutes after
the danger was first appreciated, The
eleven mining companies suffered a loss
probably exceeding $500,000, At Rolfe a
safe weighing half a ton was carried down
stream searh two miles. There is likely
to be some destitution among the miners
and their families

At some places on the North Fork nearly
all the commissary stores were washed
away, and transportation from the outside
world is impossible. The mining com-
panies are doing all in their power to house
and feed the miners whose homes were
swept away, and with the reopening of
rail communication within the next ten
days the danger of famine in this isolated
region will be averted

GOING OVER FLOODED DISTRICT

Several high officials of the railroad
reached the eastern edge of the flooded
can run

region this morning. No trains
further west than Ennis, and the reports
from the west are conflicting. Several
persons arrived at Ennis this afternoon
and to-night, who have walked many miles
through the devastated valley of the Elk-
horn, and a party of rairoad officials and
newspaper men Walked several miles
toward North Fork Junction, At some
points the way is almost impassable, even
for persons on foot, and the tremendous
work of destruction at every point almost
passes beliief. One of the railroad officials
called attention to a coincidence in  con-
nection with this season's remarkable
floods,

On April 21, the New River was higher
than ever known before, and several iron
bridges were awept away. On May 21,
the waters of the same etream were two
feet higher than it was a month before
On June 21, the great Pocahontas flood
began. General Superintendent Cassell, of
the Norfolk and Western, telegraphed to
President Fink that the damage to the road
would amount to $1,000,000, and that the
mining companiés suffered equally, This
takea no account of the loss in revenues
from passenger and freight traffic, At
teast one hundred cars were awent from
the track at various points, and whole
trainloads of coal were overturned in the
flood. It is probable that the main line
of the railroad will not be in operation
for nearly a week
, ®OME OF THE DEAD,

The dead from the flood are being reoov-
ered and identified. The relief corps has
only penetrated a few miles of the stricken
territory and no reliable estimate can yet
be made of the number of lives lost there

There area hundred miles of riverfront
yet untouched, along which bodies of vic-
tims may be lodged in drifts and sandbanks
Fifteen hundred laborers are now-at work
clearing away the débris, repairing the rail-
road tracks and establishing telegraphic
communication,

About twenty collieries and coke manu-
facturers’ plants are damaged, ranging in
extent from $4,000 to $25,000. There are
thousands homeless and camping in the
mountains,

their distrese is augmented by the an-
guish caused by missing children and
friends whose fate # unknown

The dead go far are

William Telgg and wife whose home
floated away before they were aware of
their danger; Murtha Morgan, a_ white
woman, whose body was recovered over
a mile below her home; Mes. McCoy, an
aged colored woman, her daughter, Mrs

Nellie Smith, and granddaughter, Annie
Smith, washed down in their cabin; Sam
Pointdexter, John Ballard, Bell Brown

and a family of mother and four children,
all colored; John Lewis, White Iran, and a
Hungarian mother and baby.

A graveyard was overflowed, and the
dead resurrected by the flood, floated
away. The extent of the damage suffered
by the railroad is known as far as Welch

Between Ennis and Welch, a distance of
thirteen miles, not a bridge is standing
The tunnel several miles beyond Vivian is
cleared of the track from one end tothe
other, no vestige of it remaining.

All the bridges and tracks on the Flip-

ing creek, North Fork, Bluestone and
Simon creek branches are destroyed.

This morning many trainloads of men
from all occupations left here to aid in
the work of rescue and repairing.

The railroad shop men. conductors, en-
gineers and all are at the scene of the
storm horror. Every available man on the
nearly a thousand-mile system has been
rushed to the scene.

Appeals to connecting railroads for
wrecking crews and men have been re-
sponded to.

The Crane Creek branch of the Norfolk
and Western which hus been recently

raded, on which the track had not been
aid, has been completely destroyed for
seven iniles and will have to be rebuilt.

In the Tug River coal flelds everything is
gone, Miners’ houses, commissaries, pow-
der houses and tipples are destroyed. The
Big Four mines are flooded and the deliv-
ery tracks are gone, The loss of life can-
not be learned, only one man having gotten
from this section to a point of communica-
tion. His journey was one of great hardship

Six building gangs are being rushed to
the scene by the Western Union Telegraph
Cornpany to repair lines, An electric light
car has been obtained

It is equipped with complete electric
lighting plant_and anparatnus and will be
brought from Hagerstown by a special train
ao that work can be prosecutedat night,
Every effort will be made to open the line
for traffic in the shortest possible time,

The loss to merchants at Keystone is
$68,000,
flows to the Tug, there is vreat damage to
property, but no lives were lost The
people were warned by telegraph of the

Numbers of stores alonz t
inundated and the stock ruined
RUIN IN PANTHER CREEK,
Wrutiamson, W. Va, June
this place to Bluefield, a distance of
miles,
solid mass of débris.
first time the wires have been workin

since Friday. A rtion of the
burst
people

Se ene

Poland! Poland: Poland

The purest natural spring Water in the World, —A dr,

Antediluviana Rye
Atistocratic, old and fine.~Ade.

NEW YORK,

At Welch, where the Elkhorn River |

flood sapproach and eseaped to tho hills, | on bim,

river were |

4.— From |
100 |
the country along the streams isa

evening is the

Ly cloud-
atruck Panther Creek and drove
from their homes without Warning

aS

| by the

TUESDAY,

 

 

 

enough to enable them to remove their
hoi old .

The people stood on the banks watching
their homes float off, in several instances
with people in them calling for help,
which was impossible to render. As near
as can be ascertained five families were

swept away.
The lum of W. M. Ritter Lumber
Company, near the mouth of the creek,

was carried off, Fifty houses went, together
with 5,000,000 feet of lumber, The same
company lost 5,000,000 feet of lumber and
all their houses and commissaries on the
west fork of Elkhorn River.

All day and night, houses, lumber, &c.
passed this place. At Panther a string of
railroad cars loaded with lumber were lifted
from their trucks and sped on the flood.
Horses with saddles on and the bridles
attached to floating fences were among
the unique scenes, Two iron bridges
on the Norfolk and Western piers are gone,

A wrecking train sent out from this place
reporta that the tracks are washed away
for five or six miles and covered with débris.

FEARFUL WRECK IN WILLIAMSON

Wituiamson, W. Va., June 24.+It is
estimated here that the loss to private
interests for fifty miles up the river is at
least $4,000,000, while the Norfolk and West-
ern’s loss is at least $1,000,000,

Williamson is about one hundred miles
from the Ohio River on the Tug River
and all the water that comes from, the
flooded district muat come by here.

1wo yards of the Ritter Saw Mill Com-
pany, fifty miles above here, were swept
away by the water in the Tug River, which
rose twenty feet in three hours

One of the yards was three miles long,
half a mile broad, and the lumber was
stacked in it twenty feet high, The other
yard was half as large. The lumber from
the yards filled the river from bank to
bank, and reached high out of the water,
as it came by. The bodies of animals
and the ruins of outbuildings were among
the lumber.

On the Norfolk and Western not only were
the rails and ties washed away, but for lo
stretches the roadbed itself was destroyed,
The flood was from Matewan to Falls Mills,
a stretch of 10) miles,

The houses from entire villages have
been swept away, although it is believed
that in general the inhabitants had warn-
ing and escaped to the hills. Not one of
200 houses at Keystone is left, At least
two hundred persons are supposed to have
perished there.

Virgil A. Lowis, ex-State Superintendent
of Schools, tried to find White's Creek yes-
terday with a horse and buggy A big
log struck the vehicle and upset it. Lewis
floated down the stream, but caugh' on
the branches of a willow tree and was saved.

Scores of buildings were swept away in
Cgaldale, Ennia, Mobrey, Vivian and Ben-
wood, Bridges at various points in the
kikhorn River were carried from. their
foundations. Women and children, shriek-
ing for help, were carried down the river,
now buoved up by logs and débris, and
many were submerged and lost.

NATIOVAL

 

 

PYNCHON BANK CLOSED.

Temporary Recelver for an Old Institution of
Springfleld, Mass.

Wasurnoton, June 24.—The Pynchon
National Bank of Springfield, Mass., was
closed to-day by direction of the Comp-
troller of the Currency upon a report from
Bank Examiner John B, Cunningham,
showing the bank to be insolvent. Ellis
B. Pepper has been appointed temporary
receiver and Examiner Cunningham will
remain in charge of the bank pending the
arrival of the receiver.

The following is a statement of the re-
sources and liabilities of the bank as shown
by a special report of its condition at the
close of business June 10, 1091

Capital stock $200,000, surplus and un-
divided profits $105,013, circulation $106,509,
due to trust companies and savings banks

$352,073, due to National banks $40,675,
due to reserve agents $7,212, dividends
unpaid $12, deposits $696,040, borrowed

money $333,564. Total liabilities $1,542,988;
total resources $1,842,958,

The failure of the bank is due to depre-
ciation of securities and excessive loans
to companies and individuals beyond their
financial responsibility. 1t is not believed
that the loases to depositors will be large.

SPRINGFIELD, Mass., June 24.—The
Pynchon Bank has been under the man-
agement of Edward P. Chapin, who resigned
the position of State Savings Bank Com-
missioner to take the place. The bank,
up to ten years ago, when he assumed con-
trol, had always been conduc ted in a very
conservative way, but Mr. Chapin was ex-
pected to increase the deposits, which he
did to a large extent through his acquaint-

ance with savings bank men.

He also invested in American Writing
Paper stock to the extent of $1,000,000, which
depreciated

here have bean rumors affecting the
stability of the bank for some time, and it
has been known to have tided over some
very hard places. The bank was chartered
in 1853 Fhe directors are Kdward P
Chapin, H. CO. Rowley, James I. Abbe,
Cc. C. Lewis, William O. Day and J. 8. San-
derson

 

FUN WITH A FIRE HOSE.

West Side Boys Wetted Everything and Every-
body, Inclading a Cop.

A hundred boys, more or less, with 100 feet
of fire hose which had been left at the scene
of the Runkel ciocolate factory fire in West
Thirtieth street, wet down everything and
everybody tn sight, including a cop, on the
Thirtieth etreet block west of Ninth avenue
last night

They attached the hose to a_ hydrant,
turned on the water and then cleared the
steps of tenants who had come out to cog
off They also sent the stream into all the
windows and laliways they could reach with

the 100-foet length and when Policeman
Murphy tried to, turn the water off at the
hydrant they soused him and drove = hin

back, a very damp cop He didn't seem to
care. He laughed at ihe boys from 4 safe
distance and then called two firemen who
didn't mind a wetting, more or less, and
who got it all rigit before they shut off the
water and captured the hose

AXE-WIELDING MAYOR ENJOYNED,

Bay Head Must Have Fiectric Lights fora While
Whether It Will or No.

Trenton, N. J, June 24 —The Point Pleas-
ant Bloctric Light and Power Company e#e-
cured an Injunction from the Chancellor to-
day enjoining the borough suthoritios of
Bay Head, Ovean county, @ Small but fash-
jonable summer resort on the Jersey coast,
from cutting down the company's wires

This follows the arrest of Mayor Penning-
ton of Kay Head, Sogether with Councilman
W., N. Parker and George Nunemaker, for
cutting the company’s wires alter they had
been stretched in deflance of the Bay Head
Council The company stationed a man at

\ every pole after the Mayor was balled out

notice of the injunction was served

unul

FOUR CHILDREN HOMELESS.

 

Father Sold the Furniture and Left Them,
Police Say ~Looking for Him.
The police of the Fifth street station sent out

| iaat night @ requost for the arrest of Otto
| Schultz of

520 Bast Eveventh street Sehultz,
to his neighbors, sold ali the furni-
is apartments yesterday morning
for #9250 and went away leaving his four
motherless children tn the empty rooms
The neighbors took them in and fed them

acoording
ture in

Foor Days New Work to California
“Overland Limited” via Chicago @ North-
Western, Union Pacive and Southern Pacife Rys,
Particulars a} North: Westera Line QmMoe, ‘PiD wag.
Ade.

hw
| aH. R. Rew

INTERNATIONAL TRUST NO.1

TO CONTROL SALT WORKS OF ENGLAND,
CANADA AND UNITED STATES.

 

 

Spain, Italy and South America Already In
This Is the First Hands-Over-Sea Com-
bine of Corporations —Talk of $50,000,000
Capital—Yankees Have the Big End of It.

To control the salt of the earth will be
the mission of a new combination that,
an officer of the Nationa! Salt Company
stated yesterday is about ready for launch-
ing. It will be an international “trust"—-
the first of the sort. The National Salt
Company has its office in the building of
the Standard Oil Company at 26 Broadway,
and Wall Street believes that Standard
Oil interests are connected with it. It
has a capital stock of $7,000,000 of common
and $5,000,000 of 7 per cent. non-cumulative
preferred shares, and it practically con-
trols all the salt deposits and trade of the
United States, with the exception of the
salt in the seas, that leave this country's
shores, The officer of the company who
told about the plans for the international
salt combination said:

“A combination to include the National
Salt Company of this country, the Canadian
Salt Company and the Salt Union of Eng-
land has been under advisement for some
months and has been gradually coming
to a head. The matter is now practically
ready for closing. The International Salt
Company is the name proposed for the new
corporation which will take over the com-
bined corporations, When formed it will
have a total production of 5,000,000 to 6,000, -
000 tons of salt annually, of which the
National company’s output will be about
one-third, Outside of the savage coun-
tries and Russia it will supply the entire
world with salt—both for the table and
for curing. Not only will the company’s
markets include the countries of the West-
ern Hemisphere, but they will also include
Continental Europe, Africa and Japan.
China and other Asiatic countries

“The Salt Union of England gets its salt
from salt wells in the Cheshire district and it
supplies Great Britain and her colonies
the Canadian Salt Coimfany gets salt from
wells in the Province of Ontario and i
ies the Dominion with salt, while the
Nutional company has its wells and mines
in various States, including New Yark
Michigan, Obie, Kansas, Texas, and Louis-
jana, and controls the United States sult
trade, With the combination formed a
plan will be put into operation by the com-

any for obtaining on the island of Porto
tico sea sult which will be used for curing
fish."

Archibald S. White, President of the
National Salt Company, has been conduct-
ing the negotiations for the international
combination, whose capita! stock is expected
to be put up at least $50,000,000, A Mr
McDowell, it was said yesterday, repre-
sented the English side of the matter.

In fact, one report had it that the National
Salt Company interests have for some time
past really owned the control of the foreign
compares which it is now pro to
combine, The National Salt Company
was formed in March, 1899, to take over the
business of the National Salt Com y of
West Virginia, which was the distributor
of the'product of thirteen New York com-
panies that controlled about 00 per cent.
vi the evaporated salt product of this State.
In October, 1809, the National company
aoquized the leading salt concerns in Ohio
and Michigan, and through them by con-
tract enough other concerns to obtain con-
trol of about 4 per cent, of the evaporated
sa]t output of this country east of the Rocky
Mountains,

On April 4, 1900, the Spanish-American
Salt Company was organized under the
laws of New Jersey, with a capital stock of
$3,500,000, in the Interest of the National
Salt Company. This company, which will
of course, also be included in the project
international combination, took over the
business of the Salinera-Espafiola, which
controlled the evaporated salt output of
Spain and sy Previous to this the
Salinera-kspanola’s product had been sent
principally to Newfoundland, where it
controlled the salt trade, and to British
Columbia and Buenos Ayres, Argentine,
where the salmon industry is among the
chief pursuits,

 

SWIMMING FOR THE POLE.

Tug Finds a New aud Profane Explorer in the
River—He's in the Insane Ward Now,

The crew of a tugboat steaming down the
North River about dusk last evening In a
swift ebb tide saw off Pier 45 a dark object
floating up the river. The tug came up
alongside the dark object and it proved to be
a big German, who was swimming with a
powerful stroke and seemed to be enjoying
himself immensely.

The man positively refused to be rescued

‘and shouted things about tugs and the obliga-

tions laid on them to mind their own business,
but the crew fished him out of the water with
boathooks despite all he said, And he said
a great deal, Tugboat men are used to pro-
fanity, but this crew quailed before the storm
of anathemas which this resoued German
showered upon them,

“you pack of blinkety blank blank savage
eagles, what do you mean by interfering with
the best blank interests of artin thie blinkety
blank way?” he shrieked, “D'ye know who
I am? am a biinsety biank explorer
voy aging for the blanhkety blink blank South
Pole” Id reach there to-morrow night only
for you crowd of blinkety blank blank *kulks

The crew held hin. and the tugboat made
for Pier 22 apd landed hin there hey oalled
anambulance ‘Jhe sight of Ambulance BSur-
geon Johnson with the gold braid on his ca
calmed him He said he was August Pel
usjyears of age, living at 46 Hudson street anc
a Wi pigctomeve explorer

“We'll have the time of our lives goin’ to the
South Pole, wont we Cap'n?” he asked Dr
Jolnson

yes, and | think we'd better start now,’
said the surgeon and they bundled the man
off to Bellevue, where they wrote “acute
mania” against his nage fe'a still there
He thinks now that he is a ship and swears
he'll make the South Pole in four days or
bust

 

 

FELL 200 FEET FROM A SCAFFOLD.

A Painter Loses Fils Life While at Work on the
Upper Stoel Arch Bridge at Niagara,

Niagara Fass, N. Y., June 24.—Edward
Clark, a painter, lost his life this afternoon,
and Patrick Flannigan, also a painter,
had his left leg broken while engaged in
painting the upper steel arch bridge be-
tween 2 and 3 o'clock this afternoon. The
men had painted as far as they could reach

and had begun to move the scaffold. Clark
let go of the rope he was holding and that
end of the scaffold dropped. He slid
and fell 200 feet, striking on the wall about
the bridge abutmenta on the Canadian

lade, from which his body fell into the

river and disappeared from sight. Flan-
nigan also fell froin the scaffoid, but his
jeft leg caught in the lattice wore holdir

him fast until men reached and rescuec

jum. When taken to the deck of the bridge

years old. His body has not

days

 

Yale-Harvard Boat Race, New London, June 91

Excursion tickets, inclucing pazior car seat, |!
A. M. tratn from Grang Central StaNon, §7. Fa
cursion tlekets, Gree only In coaches, $4.76, Tickets
for Observation ‘Tralo, to he rin on Bast bank of th
hiiver, oo be seen (rom the Briige, $2.80, Au
ou sale at se Stand Central Station, N.Y. No ie

| for help

it was found that the leg that gaved his

life was broken, Clark was single and 28 |
re- |

covered and probably will not be for severn! |

 

 

JUNE 25, 1901.—COPYRIGHT. 1901, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

eS

FLOATING ELEVATOR SUNK.

Vielent Squalis Topple it Over in Staten
Island Seanad.

An experimental coal-elevating barge, with
towering steel, mast-like trusses supporting
an endless chain of scoops, started from the
coal docks at Elizabethport on Sunday after-
noon in tow of the tug Erie. The barge had
in her hold, which is seventeen feet deep
and without a longitudinal bulkhead, about
1,000 tons of coal that she intended to dis-
charge into the bunkers of a tramp steamship
at Bayonne. The Erie was lashed to the
barge’s port side.

When she was about a mile out in Staten
Island Sound a squall that had gathered
energy in its, uninterrupted sweep across
Newark Bay ran afoul of the barge

Her steel superstructure was built high
enough to overtop the rail of the tallest-
sided freighter in service. Besides the weight
of the trusses, which are V-shaped and about
thirty feet apart, there was also the weight
of the big steel scoops, more than two-thirds
of them above deck, to help make the barge
topheavy in stress of weather, Capt. Cox
of the Erie and the skipper of the barge
thought the weight of 1,000 tons of coul below
would counterbalance the biggest wind out-
side of a tornado that might be hatched
in the wind caves of New Jersey.

The squall that was weaving ruffles on
the bay was exceptionally flerce, It swooped
down on the dofty work of the big barge and
she bent before it to starboard. Her cargo
shifted, there being no bulkheads to prevent
4t, and she stuck where the gale laid her, like
a leaning Tawer of Pisa

If there had been only one squall in com-
mission around Newark Bay, the skipper
of the barge and his four men, including the
negro cook, might have started shoveling
the coal back to port and righted the vessel,
But beyond the bay in the level marshes
there was a whole brood of littl and big
squalls hatched or hatching, and they came
fast on the course of the first gyrator. The
second squall was upon the barge & minute
or 60 after the first, and she heeled further to
starboard, lifting the tugboat lashed to her
port side nearly out of the water, Capt Cox
cut the lashings as the third squall rushed
down on the barge and sent her on her side
There was a great roar of coal into the sound
and a wighty rush ef sound into the hull of
the barge

the skipper of the barge and all hands
except the negro cook jumped overboard
and wero picked up by the tug. The cook
was drowned in the galley ‘Ihe barge sank
starboard side down in about eighteen feet
of water, almost in the middle of the chan-
nel at the entrance of Staten Island Sound,
The tug was slightly damaged by fouing
the barge as she careened

fhe barge was built at Nixon's shipyard
and cost about $60,000 She belongs to the
Automatic Barge Company and, besides
being intended for rapidly coaling com-
mercial vessels, is desigued for putting coal
aboard warships at sea She is 144 feet loug
aud 20 feet wide She is only slightly dam-
aged and will be raised She loaded and
discharged coal with her scoops, each hoid-
ing about a bushel, somewhat in the way
grain elevators load and unload grain

KLONDIKE GOLD POURING IN.

 

 

 

One Steamer Lrings 81,300,000 to Seattle
~$2,500,000 on Other Vessels.

SeaTtie, Wash, June 24.--The steamer
Dolphin, from Skagway June 20, brought
down $1,300,000 worth of Klondyke gold dust,
the million being consigned to the Bank of
Commerge and the remainder to individuals
Another heavy shipfment of $2,500,000 was
made from Dawson on June 12, coming out
by the Lower Yukon steamers by way of
St. Michaels. This dust is owned by the
Alaska Transportation and Alaska Commer-
cial companies. tp to 1 o'clock this after-
noon eixty-three miners had deposited $700,-
000 in gold dust at the Government Assay
Office, The Dolphin brought down 170 pas-
sengers,

VANCOUVER, B.C., June 24.--The steamship
Hatiog arrived this morning from Skagway
with forty ppreeneses. Major Wood, head of
the Yukon Mounted Police, says the clean-up
of the Yukon will be 86,000,000 more than
last year, or in round figures, $25,000,000
He says that Dawson was boominy when he
left and everybody had money. He heard
for the first time on his arrival here that
4 Vancouver citizens were making a bid

or the Kloudike gold by offering to pay the
difference between what Kiondikers could
get for their gold here and in Seattle. He
aays all the treasure is being shipped to
Seattle

The latest mining excitement,according
to newspapers brought down, is the dis-
covery of a big quartz ledge thought to bela
continuation of the White Horse Copper

elt. The discovery is located between the

ootalingua River and the south fork of
the big Salmon. The ledge is from fifty to 300
feet wide and very rich in copper. The find
has great excitement. gang of men
ue sinking a shaft. Fight smaller ledges
ave been located in the vicinity since the
big strike.

 

GOOD ROADS CONGRESS IN BUFFALO.

Alse a Good Roads Day at the Pan-American
Exposition in September. ,

ALBANY, June 24.—Through the efforts of
State Engineer Edward A. Bond a national
convention of good roads advocates is to be
held in Buffalo on Sept 16, 17 and 18, and a
Good Roads Day at the Pan-American Ex-
position is to be designated later within that
period, Some time ago the State Engineer

orrespouded with the authorities of other
tates having charge of good roads work
and suggested such a conference at Buffalo
in connection with automobile day at the
exposition. Responses have been received
from a large majority of the State officials
communioated with, highly approving of
Mr Bong s suggestion and saying that dele-
gations from their States would be present
at the proposed Good Koads Conference

Soon after theae replies were received the
State Engineer communicated with W. H
Moore of Chicago, President of the National
Good Roads Associatia’ Mr. Moore entlru-
pnetiony indorsed State Engineer Bond's
idea, and he and Mr. Bond were in consulta-
tion in Buffalo on Friday and Saturday with
the Pan-American Exposition managers. As
a reault the dates named were agreed upon
for a National Good Roads Congress at Bur-
alo and Mr. Moore will assume charge of
all future arangements for the congress

 

 

BURIED ON HIS WEDDING DAY.

 

The Bride That Was to Be Stood Beside the
Coffin Arrayed in Her Bridal Gown.

BiInoaamTon, N. Y., June 24.~There was a
pathetic funeral here yesterday when F. kh
Frolik Pochily of New York was laid at rest
on what was to bave been his bridal! day
Pochily came to this city from New York,
fell In love with a girl and was engaged to be
married. Last Thuraday, with several com-
pantons.he went out for a walk and at the river
conceived the idea of wading In the water
Poehily went out beyond his depth, threw
up hia arms and begged his companions to
save him. They thought he was fooling and
laughingly watched him drown When he
went down for the third time and tailed to
come up they got frightened and shouted
The funeral took place on the day
he was to be married, and his bride, arrayed
‘n her bridal Foe. walked before the eofMln
up the aisle of the church and stood heside ||
during the services. At the cemetery she
could hardly be torn away when it became
necessary to lower the coMin into the grave,
and the pemneto scene brought tears to the

a

 

| eyes of all.
Poland! Poland! Poland!
‘The purest natural spring water |n the world. Ada
ee

 

By Lake and River in Vermont.

Rook of A. W, Eceleswne, S, Pass'r , 345 Bway,
[mas SRT ova

ee

| a hote

i

Fair to-day and to-morrow; light

-

 

GOT MARRIED IN A RAURRY.
The Bridegroom Says fie Is Son of Senator
Gibson of Losisiana.

Montgomery Gibson of this city and Hazel
Frances Losch, who gave a Bayonne address
that afterward was found to be a vacant
ot, were married in the parlor of the Penn-
sylvania House, Jersey City, yesterday morn-
ing at 11 o'clock by Justice of the Peace Frank
P.Lehane, They told Lehane that they were
in a great hurry. The bride's father and
mother, Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Losch, were
there and so was William Cheeseman, who
said that he was a retired British barrister,

Gibson lives in a flat at 20 East 118th street,
this city. He took his bride there last night,
and it was there that he gave the following
account of himself:

“I am 32 years old and the son of the late
United States Senator Randall Lee Gibson
of Louisiana, and a nephew of Supreme Court
Justice White, I am a Yale ‘93 man. My
father was Yale "53. I am part owner of
the building at Broadway and Twenty-sixth
street, recently occupied by Delmonico.

“My brother is Preston Gibson, who married
Minna Field, daughter of Marshall Field of
Chicago. My brother Preston's first wife
was a daughter of Thomas Nelson Page,
the anthor

“Miss Losch, who to-day became Mra.
Gibson, is a near relative of Senator Hale of
Maine and of Justice Harlan of the United
States Supreme Court, Mr, Loseh, my
father-in-law, is in the typewriter busiy.ess.

“We went to Jersey City to be married be-
cause about a year ago my first wife secured
a divorce from me. The first Mrs. Gibson has
since married a publisher, a Mr. Arkell, | be-
lleve. I don't know his first name.”

The second Mrs, Gibson is 19 years old
She is one of several sisters. The Losch
family lived in Bayonne until about a year
ago when they moved to 128 West 115th street,
this city

 

POSTMASTER WILSON TO GO?

 

Senator Platt Says George H. Roberts Is Almost
Sure to Sacceed Mim.

Senator Platt reiterated yesterday that
George H Roberts, chairman of the Repub-
lican City Committee, i8 almost sure to suc-
ceed as Postmaster of Brooklyn the Hon
Francis H. Wilson, Senator Platt has tum-
bled out Internal Revenue Collector Moore
of Brooklyn, and Mr, Wilson's offletal head
will probably be dropped into the basket
along in September, Postmaster Wilson
has persistently opposed the Republican
organization in Brooklyn for the last four
years. He was originally a strong MeKiuley
man and an gnti-Platt man in the days be-
fore the National Convention of 1896

DEER RESCUED IN THE SOUND.

 

Had Been Driven From Colgate Hoyt's Place
on Centre Island by Dogs.

Huentinorox, L. FT, dune 24--Hounds
got into the game preserve of Colgate Lloyt
on Centre Island, off Oyster Bay, on Satur-
day and scattered a herd of deer which were
on the place One of the animals ‘sought
refuge in the Sound and was swimming
toward the Connecticut shore when it was
sighted by the Sound steamer Portchester
A bout was lowered and the animal was cap-
tured and taken aboard the steamer After
recovering from its fright it appeared quite
docile. When the steamer made a landing
at Oyster Bay it was found that the animal
belonged on Centre Island and was returned
to its mates.

 

ANOTHER MISHAP TO THE INGALIS.

 

Transport Slips Off the Keel Blocks While Being
Raised.

At 10 o'clock yesterday morning an un-

successful attempt was made to raise the

transport Ingalla, which was partially

wrecked in the Erie Basin dry dock in Brook- |
She was lifted by the powar- |

lyn on June ié
ful derricks until her lower rail was above
the surface and then slipped off the keel
blocks aud sank again a distance of about
four feet No one was injured by the mia-
hap and the ouly damage was the breaking
of the suction hose of the 10-inch and §-ineh
pumps the divers after examining the
vessel reported that she had sustained no
further damage through the mishap _— It is
expected that she will successfully floated
this morniag

Suits aggregating $75,000 have been filed
in the United States District Court in Brook-
lyn by Lawyer BH Lord against the New
York Dry Dock and Repair Company for
injuries sustained to tuirty workmen on
June 14 by the tipping over of the Ingalls,
due to the negligence, as alleged, of the de-
fendants in not having the vessel properiy
shored up in dry dock

ROGERS WORKS SALE.

Rule Granted to Show Cause Why It Should
Not Be Reopened.

Vice-Chancellor Emery at Newark yester-
day announced his decision not to allow
the filing of a petition by the International
Power Company seeking to have the recent
eale of the Rogers Locomotive Company
of Paterson, to Elliott G. Smith and Francis
H_ Holran for $602,000, reopened
Robert H. McCarter, who had appeared

resident counsel for the International
oompany, later submitted to the Vice-Chan-
cellor a similar new petition in the name
of George H Longbottom, a stockholder
in the defunct Rogers Locomotive Works
Campany, and its last President The Vice-
Chancellor sanctioned the filing of this second
petition, and on it signed a rule to show
cause why the sale should not be reopened
The rule is directed against Messrs. Smith
and Holran, and the two receivers of the
Rogers Works, Col, William Barbour and
John ©. Pennington. It is made returnable
in Chaneery Chambers, next Saturday morn-
ing at 10 o'clock

 

 

Wants a Christian Science Debate.

Boston, June 24.—Frederick W. Peabody,
who was vounsel for Mrs, Josephine C. Wood-
bury in the libel suit against Mrs Mary Baker
G. Eddy, sent a letter to the Boston news-
papers to-night, addressed to the lead.ng

Christian Scientists in this city, challenging
thein to meet him in an open debate upon
the sub) ect in #ymphony Hall Judge Hanna,
First Reader in the “Mother” church here,
said to-night that he would not accept the
chullenge

Lightuing Hits a Church.

Paterson, N. J, June 2%4-—-An electrical
storm passed over thia county about mid-
night last night, and a bolt of lightning struck
the North Keformed Church, Hamilton ave-
nue and Jefferson street, Passaic The
lightning missed the tall steeple and nit the

slate roof, setting the edifice on fire. The
roo! was practically destroyed. The loss
will amount to $2,000

Mind Cabalanced by Stock Speculation ?

James H. Wiltsie, a produce commission
merchant, hag been missing from his home
at 99 Quincy street, Brooklyn, sinee June 14
His wife told the police yesterday that she

feared bis mind had been unbalanced through
unfertinate stock speculations Before
I roving to Brooklyn a few years ago he owned
at 6 Greenwich street

Gen. Batterficld Improving.

LANDING, June 24 —-To-ni

| Butterfeld was considera »
{mpro He was able to sit up for a time
to-day, and Dr Murdock, the attending
physician, says the patient is in no imme-
diate danger

Poland! Poland! Poland!
The purest patural spring water in the world. —Adp,

Myles Stendish Ginger Ale.

 

 

cen Dail

 

 

Well teod and a lemen Pe-aEP tap a
i

 

ewiable winds,

)

PRICE TWO CENTS.

FORAKER SETS KEYNOTE.

TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN OF OHIO RE-
PUBLICAN CONVENTION.

 

 

Ho Dwells on Constitutionality of P orte Rican
Law, and on the Disfranchisement
of Colored Race, and Opposes Manict-
pal Ownership—Hanna to Preside To-day.

Co.tvmsrs, Ohio, June 24, — Senator
Joseph Benson Foraker, not as temporary
chairman, but as the orator of the occasion,
entirely dominated the situation at to-day’s
session of the Republican State Convention,
Seldom if ever has a keynote speech been
listened to with more profound attention
than was this one of Foraker'’s to-day,
in spite of the discouraging conditions of
the excessive heat, followed by a thunder
storm, under which it was delivered.

Though it was known, or rather because
it was known, that this was the only real
business of the day, the great auditorium,
which seats 8,000 pervons, was filled, The
2,200 delegates and alternates were there,
the large stage was occupied by Republicans
of prominence, Senator Hanna occupied
a seat to the left of Senator Foraker and
the galleries were filled, many ladies being
present.

Evidently regarding his speech as one of
unusual importance to the party, as well
as to his personal campaign for re-election
to the United States Senate, Foraker, for
once in his life held his prepared mani
script in his hand and followed it, not liters
ally, but much more closely than is his
wont, He dwelt longest upon the Porto
Rican laws of which he ia the author, and
the Supreme Court's decision upholding
its constitutionality, The most eloquent
piragraph to he gave utterance
was his denunciation of the disfranchise
ment of the colored race in the Southern
States, a point which he made positive as
he could because of the disappointment
among the colored Republicans of this
State atthe failure of Congress to cul down
the representation in Congress in those
States, limited to the population of the one
race enjoying the right of suffrage.

The Senstor opposed municipal owner-
ship on the ground that it would serve
only to increase the power of the city
bosses, He ridieuled the Democratic pro-
gramme of fighting the camp.ign on small
State iscursand lower fares on all street
railroads, as he putit, except those owned
by Tom L, Johnson,

He pail tribute to the achievements of
Pres dent MeKin'ey's Adminstration and
then showed the importance of a Repub-
liean vietory in Ovo ths year, because of
the moral effect it will have upon the carry-
ing out of the Administration's plans and
polici-s with reference to our insular pos-
gessiors, now known and definitely out-
lined, but not yet complete

How generally it was conceded that Sena
tor Foraker was to be the attraction of the
day was shown ina bit of courtesy by Sena-
tor Hanna, who arrived at the hall first, but
waited ina chair near the door for his col-
league, whom he had to precede him to the
stage that the first round of applause might

be for the sen.or and not the jitnior Senator,
Gov, Nash

which

This applinse was s enerous
did not attend the convention

Senator Hanna was selected to-night by
the Committee on Permanent Organization,
and will preside at to-morrow’s session of
the convention, when a platform will be
adopted and a ticket named

The platform will pomt with pride to
the achievements of Prewid nt MeKinley's

| administration, cordially indorse the State
; administration
| the course of Senators Hanna and Foraker

of Gov. Nash, commend
in the Senate, indorse the latter's eandi-
dacy for reelection, denounce the disfran-
chisement of the colored race in the South
and favor a revision of the taxation laws
of the State, so as to put more of the bur-
den upon corporations. ,

Gov. Nash will be renominated by ac-
clamation, but, as a matter of precaution
the Hanna people looked well to the or-
ganization of the new State Central Com-
mittee, which would have to fill the vacaney
on the ticket if Gov. Nash should suffer @
relapse and should have to withdraw.

Lieut.-Goy. Caldwell late to-night withe
drew as a candidate for renomination,
and State Senator Carl Nippert of Cincine
nati is to go on the ticket in his place, Nip-
perts nomination will strengthen the
ticket in Hamilton county, and it is believed
insures the election of the ten members
of the House and three members of the
Senate in that county to the Republicans,

GUAM GARRISON COMES TO TERMS.

Ringleaders in the Kecent Trouble Surren-
dered and Are Heing Tried,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,

Mawita, June 24 —News has been received
here from the island of Guam to the effect
that the conflict between Gov. Schroeder
and the naval garrison at that station ts
practically over Some time ago some men
of the marine garrison stole the last barrel
of whiskey in the hospital stores, and re-
ured into the bush for several doya. They
purchased provisions with money stolea
from their conirades in the post

On May 5 Gov. Schroeder issued an order
in which he execrated the members of the
garrison, calling attention to the “hoodlum.
fem and lawlessness” that appeared to be
rampent among the men. In this order
the Naval Governor referred to numerous
instances of terrorism, theft, gambling and
drunkenness among the men which bad
discredited the Americans in *he eyes of
the islanders, and appealed to che marines
for a denunciation of the offenders. In the
meantime the Governor ordered the garrison
contined to the barracks pending the pree
duction of evidence as to the guilty parties,

A subsequent order was issued by the
Governor on May i4 in which he applauded
the prompt.tude with which evidence in re-

gard to the ringleaders had been produced,
The men impli now being tried by
courte-martial on charges of insubordination

ated are

CITY BANK DESK FOR VANDERLIP.

Report Kenewed That He Will Become ag
OMcer of That Institution,

A very definite report that PF. A| Vandertlip,
former Assistant Secretary of the Treasary,
who returned from Kurope on Saturday, will
become an ofjcer of the National City Bank
was in croulation in Wall Street yesterda
again It went so far 4s to state thata deal
at the bank had already been set aside for
him and that an anneuncament of his election
asa Vice-President of the institution might be
expected at any tine.

Place for Ex-Senator Wiemaa.

At a special meeting of the Republican
General Committee in Brooklyn last night
the resignation of Clarence E. Barrow as
secretary was acoepted aud former tor
Jullus L. Wrieman, the leader in the Nine .
teenth district, was appointed in his place,
The retirement of Mr. Barrow was due to bis
recent appointmeat as deputy clerk to e
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court,
\ salary of $1,500 a year is attached to the
General Committee seoretaryship,

 

 

The BLOCK ISLAND aerrice of the Montauk
Steam boat Co. will be resumed on June 27, Steam-
ers will leave N. Y, at 6.30 P, M., Saturdays and
July 3 at 1,00 PY M.—Ade.

 

‘The Riebfeld Springs partar » N
Central eaves Grbnd Conigel Biaigom 8. Sab Ay He

say
\