XVII.—NO, 22.

 

ALLEGED FORGER KILLS HIM-
SELF IN DETECTIVE OFFICE.

 

Wanted on the Charge Of Passing Worth-
i less Checks—Woman Companton Was
i Present When He Shot Himself—Says
t They Were to Have Been Married.

A man who came from Richmond, Va.,
where he had registered at a hotel as
James Elmer and was wanted on a charge
of forgery, committed suicide in the de-
wtective office of the Central Railroad of
New Jersey in Communipaw last night
while the detectives were searching his
baggage. At his side when he killed
himeelf was‘a woman he had brought
from wlemphis, Tenn., and, to whom, ac-
cording to her story, he was to have been
married here.

The police of Jersey City received a
telegram yesterday afternoon from Chief
of Police Louis Werner of Richmond ask-

ing them to arrest the man anda tall blond
} Woman with whom he was travelling.

He was wanted for forgery, the telegram

@aid, and would arrive in Jersey City on

either the Pennsylvania or Baltimore and

Ohio road. He was described as 40 years
- @id, 6 feet tall and easily recognizable

DBeoause of his crippled right foot. De-

tective Sergeant Feehan of Jersey City

dnd Detective Laveratt of the New Jersey

Central road were detailed to intercept

the couple on their arrival. Among the
, first persons to alight from the 7:48

through train on the Baltimore and Ohio
last night were the man and the woman.
4 this is where you stop,” said

La tt to White.

The man admitted his identity and

@eemed to be very nervous. The woman
‘was badly scared. They were taken to
the offices of John B. Gray, head of the
oo detective forces, on the second

f.

Elmer and the woman were seated on
a@ bench about twelve feet from the office
while three detectives were look-
ing over his baggage checks and oom-

g@ them with the numbers sent in
Richmond despatch. The woman
was between him and the three men.

Suddenly, and without warning even
to his companion, Elmer drew a revolver
and fired a bullet into his head. The
bullet went through his derby hat,through
his head and fell on the floor. He died
almost instantly.

The woman told the detectives that
she wasan orphan and admitted having
lived as best she could for the last eight
months. She enid that she met Elmer
in Memphis.

“He told the his name was James Mur-
phy, "she said, “and that he was connected
with a bank note company. He said that
he was on a vacation and he promised
to marry me if I came to New York with
him. I don't know what the Richmond
police want him fee,--My.own nate is
Lucy Elmer and my home is in Asheville,
North Carolina.*

Elmer's body was taken to a morgue
in Jersey City and the woman was
locked up at police headquarters there.

When the police got Elmer's trunk and
travelling bag open at headquarters
they found about twenty-five checks,
some signed, some blank, made out on
banks all over the country. There was
a 360.76 in cash in his clothes.and a second
' revolver.

Letters and other papers found in the
man's trunk indicated that he had gone
under the name of James Gilbert Stickney,
and that he was married at 5828 South
Park avenue, Chicago, on August 19, 1908,
by the Rev. John W. Nicely to Pauline
Kelly. Two letters were found, one
from this woman's mother and one from

her father, indicating that the marr
yt proved unhappy. A letter
mber 4, 1908, from Portland, In

| \ was ei William M. Kent, In it Kent

eiays that he was the girl's father and that

she had rug away from home and had
been arrested in Chicago.

There was another letter from Mrs.

» Kent to him under the name of White in

[> Sioux Falls, in which was written: “If

you get out this time watch next time.

It pays to be careful.”

Among the many checks and check
books found among Elmer's effecta was
one made out to James Elmer. Among
the checks were one signed “James Gil-
bert Stickney” for $150 on the Bank of
Oldham, South Dakota; one on the Savings
Bank of Larchwood, Ia., for $1,000; a check
on the First National Bank of Solomon,
8S. D., for $1,080, and another made out in
the name of J. M. Johnstone on the Garden
City State Bank of South Dakota for $1,500.

When the woman was questioned at
headquarters last night she stuck to her
story of meeting the man and insisted
that they were to be married. She as-
serted that she knew nothing of his past
and did not know whether or not he had
ever forged any checks, although there
were found several store receipts showing
that he had bought clothes fog her which
had been paid for with checks.

RIcHMOND, Sept. 21.—Elmer was wanted
here for-forgery. He passed a check for
$375 on the Jefferson Hotel, paying his
bill and that of the woman with him and
receiving the balance in cash. The
check was later found to be worthless.
Elmer and the woman arrived in Rich-
mond yesterday. Upon leaving the hotel
he presented a cahier’s check drawn by
the First National Bank of Salem, 8. D.,
upon the Hanover Nationa! Bank of New
York. He requested that the hotel offi-
cials telegraph to South Dakota at his
expense for the purpose of assuring them-
selves that the check was all right. This
the hotel people neglected to do, the
prepossessing appearance of the man
and his companion leading them to the
belief that the check was all right. The
couple then left the hotel, checking their
. baggage for New York.

After their disappearance the South
x ’

\

AN

\

Dakota bank was telegraphed for in-
formation regarding the check, and an
answer stating that the paper was a for-
gery arrived here at 4 o'clock in the after-
noon. The couple left Richmond at
noon. They were both strangers here.

Mandevilic D. M. Hall Indicted.
’ Preovipence, Sept. 21.—Mandeville D.
M. Hall, alias Charles Stevens, was in-
dicted to-day on four complaints of forg-
ing and uttering faise checks. Bail was
fixed at $1,500 and in default he was locked
> etaee arrested at Narragansett

iy after he had cut a wide swath

at Wateh , paying his expenses there,

it is alleged, with the checks which he is
oharged with forging.

 

 

 

| caused by the work of widening the

 

See

NEW YORK,

 

r by Russians—Horrible Tales of
Out 2.
denne nia os tit HE AND L. SCOTT KEMPER

Beruin, Sept. 21.—News reached here} CHARGED WITH BLACKMAIL,
or of an anti-Jewish pogrom at Kieff, queumemesmaaes

ussia, which began on the Jewish New! james H, Channon and His Wife Tell
Year Day, September 16, and continued
for two days thereafter. The Russian Chicage Grand Jury “ ‘Tavens of
censorship succeeded in preventing the Scandal in Effort to Compel Them
news from reaching the outside world to Give Up 8160,000—Warrants Out.
until to-day.

It is stated that eighteen Jews were} ©#1CAG0, Sept, 21.—James H. Channon
killed; eleven died later of their wounds; | 0f 672 F.ush street, a well known ship
150 were seriously injured, and more | chandler and clubman, and his wife, who
—_ = von _ severely — an is widely known in Chicago society, to-

lows ending themselves ree
of their assailants and wounded eighteen. day were the principal ‘witnesses ao

According to the stories published here | *he Grand Jury in a case in which it
from Jewish sources the outbreak was | Charged an attempt was made to extort
organized, like others that have occurred, | $160,000 from them by means of black-
by the reactionary League of Patriots | mailing letters.
in consequence of the reform movement. : ‘
The leaguers brought a mob of peasants ~~ ae cue 6 ee a ed
into the town from the surrounding |™°"Y @f Mr. Channon and seeing
country. They were made half drunk letters which Mrs: Channon and Mr.
with spirits, their anti-Jew superstitions | Channon both received voted a true bill
were worked upon, and then with town | naming Attorney L. Scott Kemper of New
mony tele loose in the — York city and George Cochrane Hazelton,

a ogue ‘
@ new year service oe keen on. They Jr., a New York playwright, as the de-
butchered the rabbi, drove the wor- | fendants.
shippers into the streets and pursued Bench warrants were issued for-the
them witb clubs, axes and suchlike] arrest of the two New York men, who are
weapons. Those who were not caught | reported ; ; ’
on the streets were chased into houses, The G aor pe ee the
where they were struck down, after which arene eae
the furniture in the houses was thrown | /¢tters intended to compel the Channons
into the streets to furnish material for| to pay money were sent to the Chicago
bonfires. On one such fire two Jewish | Athletic Association and to their home
boys were thrown and roasted alive. in Rush street.

Elsewhere rioters collected a number A letter alleged to have been signed by
of Jewish women and girls, stripped them | Kemper and Hazelton, addressed to Mrs.
naked and drove them through the streets,| Channon demands it is alleged, that a
the onlookers jeering and spitting at them, | settlement be made of a claim, upon the

A few young Jews who had revolvers | ref of which the writers threaten to
stood with their backs to a wall and kept | bring about a scandal. This letter was
their assailants at bay for a while, shoot- | made a part of the true bill.
ing three of them. Ultimately the youths| Several years ago a relative of Mrs.
Were overwhelmed by numbers and | Channon named Mabel Aery was married
hacked to death by axes. to an actor named Ladlow, whose home

In the meantime the owners of houses | is in New York city, but who, according
that had not yet been attacked barricaded | to the letter upon which the indictment is
their doors and windows, and when the | based, is at present jn Chicago.
mob began to batter at the doors women In the letter the insinuation is made
Poured boiling water on them from the/that Mr. Channon and the American
upper windows. The infuriated rioters | Surety Company of New York had in
finally forced their way into the dwellings, | handling the estate of Mabel Aery de-
caught the Jews supporting the women |frauded Mer to the extent of 60,000
and hurled them out of the windows into | and that unless a settlement of the claim,
the streets. predicated upon this insinyation was

Similar atrocities, regardless of age or | made a suit would be brought in the
sex, continued for three days without | United States Circuit Court and a general
interference by the authorities, until a | scandal precipitated.

Jewish deputation finally persuaded the Mr. Channon brought with him before
Governor to send troops, who dispersed | the Grand Jury the decree of the court
the mob and occupied the approaches to | entered several years ago in the case of
the Ghetto. the estate in question, in which he was

None of the rioters was arrested. The| administrator, and which was closed
murdered Jews were removed to mor-| years ago, he said, to the full satisfaction
tuaries. Many of the wounded were | of all concerned.
taken to hospitals. Channon explained that_ the young

Se ee to a man three
POET BURIED IN woman had been married
—_———

THE SEA*\times her age and that the two men

Seen Mevideen’s Taken Out Ten | Titing the letters expected to extort

ILE FOR The Corn OR Tee eo a ene eideainable pase
Speciat Cable Despatch to “PRE SON. - licity am

Loxpon, Sept. 21.—The recently re- .
covered body of the poet John Davidson |, The two New York men came to Chicago
was/buried at sea to-day ten miles off the | for the sole purpose of getting the money,
Cornish village of M ousehole. according to the testimony of Mr. Chan-
The body was conveyed from shore | ®"- and they passed some of their time
in a ship's lifeboat. in fashionable clubs and at an address
John Davidson, a poet whose work in oa avenue to which detectives
_| armed with capiases were sent.
though highly estesmed by & few suits It was not made known whether Mabel

vated persons -failed of general appre- : ‘
ciation and so of a paying market, disap- Aery Lediow aad her husband, the és
peared from his home on March 23, and a will in any way be drawn into the

document he left behind indicated that | %* Witnesses.
he intended to commit suicide. Hazelton and Kemper were arrested

siamstnmnencustnananinaaisemsinasinssan late to-night and lodged in the Harrison
| PITFALLS IN FIFTH AVENURB.

street police station. They were found
in a room on the ninth floor of the Chicago

Horse Falls Into One of Them and a Man | ainjetic Club building.
at Work Has a Narrow Escape. Hazelton when ‘questioned admitted
The crowded corner of Fifth avenue | that he might have violated an Illinois
and Thirty-third street was the scene of | jaw, but under the New York statutes
some excitement yesterday afternoon | gaid that he had done nothing out of the

while workmen were pulling a horse from | way.

one of the numerous holes in the street

  
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 

George Cochrane Hazelton is a gradu-
avenue. ate of Columbia and first became well
A horse that was being driven down| known here when he etarted in to get
Fifth avenue became frightened at an| personally acquainted with the drama by
automobile and shied into an Adams| joining the Booth-Barrétt company in
Express Company wagon. The horses! 1802. He stuck to the stage for two years
attached to the express wagon were |and then practised law with his father
forced to one side and the horse nearest |in Washington and Philadelphia, com-
the sidewalk went into the hole. ing here in 1900. He has written several
In the hole was John Burns of 567| books on architecture and also wrote
Southern Boulevard, shovelling dirt, | “Mistress Nell.” This book he drama-
When he saw the horse coming his way | tized for Henrietta Crosman and it
he dropped on his stomach. After half | scored a big hit. He also wrote “Capt.
an hour's work the horse was pulled out | Molly,” which}was produced by Mrs. Fiske
of the excavation. Because the hole|in 1902, but which didn’t last as long as
narrowed at the bottom the horse failed | “Mistress Nell.”
to reach Burns and he was not hurt.

KILLS HIMSELF IN VAULT.
Clerk Shuts Himself In Before Firing

BROKERS BUY THE LUCANIA,

$150,000 Paid for the Ex-Cunarder'’s
Scorched Hull—Future Undecided.
Fatal Shot. Spectat Cadle Despatch to THE Sun.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 21.—Secreting Lonpon, Sept. 21.—Ward & Co., ship
himself in a vault of the Penn Mutual] brokers of Sheffield, have bought the
Life Insurance Company, where he was/ Cunard steamer Lucania, which was re-
employed as a clerk and stenographer, | cently extensively damaged by fire at
Edward E. Petit, 33 years old, shot him-| Liverpool. It is said that they paid
self in th head. When the body was | £30,000, or $150,000, for the vessel.
found about 3 o'clock by Charles Prich-| It is not known whether they will
ard, a fellow clerk, who had gone to the| break her up or refit her for some other
vault to get some papers, Petit had been | service.
dead for some time.

At the home of the dead man, who was
single and lived with his grandmother
and two married sisters, the family abso-
lutely refused to discuss the case. Petit
was regarded as an honest and capable
i cB

rom ¢ was unable to in-| Brooklyn, jumped or fell out of a window
Gulge, im athletic sports he wae ® great! on the third foor of the Prospect Heights

No motive can be ascribed for his act! Hospital yesterday and was killed. She
of self-destruction except that he was in | was missed at noon by Marjory Clement,
poor — and perhaps a thas be a nurse, who had left her in the bath-
went suddenly and violently leskne room, and after a search she was found
and was confined for several months at |" the flags in the rear ygrd under the
Kirkbride. - bathroom window. The body was found
by Dr. Meeks, superintendent of the hos-
TO MAKE COLLEGE TOWNS DRY, | pital, and Michael Lyons. Dr. Meeks

Eee Galle Aue oe, referred inquirers to Dr. W. H. Price of
W. C. T. U. Will Ask Gov. Hughes to Re- 801 Prospect place, who had attended Mra.
commend Law Restricting Sale of Liquor. Peck for the last four years.

Irnaca, N. Y., Sept. 21.—Gov. Hughes | Dr. Price said that Mrs. Peck entered
will be asked by the W. C. T. U. to recom-| the hospital about five weeks ago and
mend to the next Legislature new laws | was under treatment for paralysis. He
restricting the sale of liquor in college | said he thought that she had fallen from
towns. a fire escape adjoining the bathroom

The local union has petitioned the State
body to memorialize the Governor in window. Hoe said that she was separated
favor of much closer restriction on the | from ‘her husband, Frederick Peok, comp-
sale of liquor at Ithaca and other college | troller of the American Exprees Company,
towns. e will be asked to recommend | but Mr. Peck often visited his wife at the
awe, paghorned after those in force at | Bergen street address. He lives at 311

. Mass., and Berkeley, Cal.,
which the temperance women dain con- West 114th street, Manhattan.
trot drinking among Harvard and Cali- | Mrs. Peck was 48 years old. She lived

 

HOSPITAL PATIENT KILLED,

Mrs. Peck, Separated From Her Husband,
Found Dead Beneath a Window.

Mrs. Louise Peck of 1205 Bergen street,

 

 

 

 

 

fornia students. at the Bergen street address with a Miss
Over 1,000 women in this county will| Tout and a young Gaughter, lorence,
sup the movement. It is said that| 12. years old. Another daughter, Louise,
Sry goss trent | he os, uate tte Ss Se
t j j ° e! oid,
State ha gned petition asking for | $nd ! y «
‘ MIGHTY WAnem is ARMADA
wart Pageants: by HUDSON IVER Dat Viewed from Sandy Hook Route steamers. Sched,
BLAINE Steamers, for schedule.—Ads. ule on inside page.—Ads.

     

 

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1909.—comrion
SUICIDE FOLLOWS ARREST ee ee xIEFF. GEO.C.HAZELTON,IR. INDICTED] 4744¥7¥¢

“| later darkness the scout cruisers Chéster,

   
 
    
  

 
 
  

   
   
    
   
  
   
 
    
 
   
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
  
  

second reading of the defence bill.
compared the trifling

in addition to other small vessels, having
altogether a complement of 2,300 officers
and men.

tually provide 260,000 trained adults as
a striking force, in addition to 115,000

 

 

1909, by the Sun

    

   

FLEET COMES IN.

Noise Begins Today When the British
Squadron Arrives.

The most imposing fleet of battle craft
that ever passed through the Narrows
and assembled in the Hudson will be
startling the folks of most of the boroughs
and making the ghost of Robert Fulton
a bit tremulous to-day as they bark greet-
ing to one another and to the thundering
forte of the harbor. Last night the flower
of the armada, the Atlantic battleship
fleet of Uncle Sam, dropped anchor off
the Hook to wait until daylight, to come
in without fear of trouble.

The first of the American steel sides
to appear off the land was the Vermont.
She had preceded her sisters and was
the only ship of a strictly warlike char-
acter to be identified by the marine ob-
server at the Hook. About sunset the
reat of the big ones, the Connecticut,
flagship, Rear Admiral Seaton Schroe-
der commanding; the Kansas, Minne-
sota, Idaho, Mississippi, New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Nebraska, New Jersey,
Rhode Island, Virginia, Missouri, Ohio
and Wisconsin anchored off the Hook.

Three of the auxiliaries of the flest,
the supply ship Culgoa, naval transport
Prairie and the repair ship Panther, came
in past the Hook into the quieter waters
of Quarantine and there came to anchor-
age. There may have crept in in the

 

 

CHICAGO WHEAT BOOSTER IN
NEW SPECULATIVE FIELD.

Thinks That Prices of Cotton Are Going
Up Because of the Increased Demand
—Rumor Is That He's tna Million Bale
Deal—The Outlook as to Wheat.

James A. Patten, who cornered the
wheat market last spring in Chicago,
came to New York yesterday and began
right away to climb into the cotton mare
ket. r

Early in the day Mr. Patten seemed
unwilling to admit that he was here to
buy cotton, but later came out frankly
with the statement that he is in the market
to stay.

“I’m here to see my friends,” he said
at first. “You see we don’t know every-
thing in Chicago and we have to come to
New York once in a while to brighten
up. But say, whenever I strike this town
I feel as though men were just waiting
around to sell me gold bricks.”

Later in the afternoon somebody asked
Mr. Patten if he were selling cotton. &

“Selling cotton?” he repeated. “No,
I’m here in a big bull pool. We're buy-
ing cotton, and we're buying it because
we think it’s bound to go up. There
is a short crop and the demand is sure to
be heavy. I think that cotton is going to
rise to 17 cents-on this bulge. To tell
the truth I woulgn’t be surprised if ‘it
were to go as high as 20 cents.”

Salem and Birmingham, the torpedo fleet
and the submarine flotilla, but they were
not noted by the observer, Also the
armored cruiser squadron, consisting of
the North Carolina, New York and Mon-
tama, probably was somewhere in the
neighborhood. Daylight will reveal just
how fine a gathering of fighting craft
there were before darkness shut off the
view from the towers on the Hook. Somebody reminded Mr. Patten that

Patriote who saw the fleet dimly off ' he went into the wheat market under
shore ircai the beaches of New Jersey | similar conditions.
fired off things to show that the blue-‘ “Yes, that's right,” he said.
jackets of Uncle Sam were in their mem-{ Mr. Patten had reasons to back up
ory. Asbury Park and Ocean Grove!his belief that cotton is going to keep
made the biggest demonstration, shooting | on rising.
twenty-one aerial bombs from the end | “The tariff on woollen goods is beund
of the fishing pier and ringing all their | to have a big effect on cotton,” he said.
bells Mayor Appleby of Asbury Park | “Men are going to use more cotton, and
sent a wireless message of congratulation|for many different purposes. Auto-
to Rear Admiral Schroeder. mobile tires use up 350,000 bales a year

The British squadron under Sir Edward | alone.

Seymour, made up of the new armored| “Cotton sella on its merits, and the
cruiser Invincible, flagship, and her sister | annual consumption of cotton increases
ships the Inflexible and Indomitable and just as the annual consumption of wheat
the less powerful cruisers Drake, Argyll | increases. People are getting ready to
and the Duke of Edinburgh, will, accord- buy more clothes this year, they have
ing to the British Consulate, arrive heré| money to spend, and ‘he trade in cotton
about 11 o’clook this morning, when there | goods is bound to feel the general pros-
will be more banging of guns and rattling | perity.

windows. The same sulphurous perform-| “There is some talk about the reluctanpe
ance will be gone through to-morrow when | of spinners to buy. Did you ever hear
the German and the Italian squadrons | of a manufacturer who wasn’t bearish
arrive. when it came to buying raw materials?
AUS " s : -aevey | I never did.”

TRALIAN ARMY AND NAVY. The pool in which Mr. Patten is in-
terested was said yesterday to consist
of about a million bales.

Mr. Patten went on to tell of the pros-

ty.in the West. “Thousands of men
ve to work,” enid-he. “To tell

e truth, it’s hard out West to find men
to do the work that has to be done. The
farmers are bu}ing automobiles—that's
right, they're buying automobiles.
They've got money to burn. Country
Danks are loaded with it.”

Mr. Patten wasn't so optimisti¢ when
he came to talking of the situation in the
grain market. “Spring wheat is heavy,”
said he. “There doesn't seem to be any
export demand, and stocks are accumu-
lating rapidly. There are many dealers
in the market. It's hard to tell what will
happen. I think that time is the only
thing that will straighten matters out.
New York seems to be absolutely indiffer-
ent, and foreign buyers are getting all
the wheat they need from other coun-
tries.”

Mr. Patten said that he took the wheat
situation pretty seriously, and that the
United States, if things were to keep up
in this way, would cease to be a wheat
exporting country in twenty years.
“We're not going to import wheat this
year or next,” he said, “but the time is
coming when we will be getting a part
of our supply from abroad. You see,
the farmers have got to learn their lesson.
They must take care of their land, fer-
tilize it and maintain a rotation of crops.
Greater intelligenoe in production is the
only thing that will keep the United
States in the place that it holds to-day
as a grain exporting country.”

Minister of Defence Outlines $12,500,000
Plans te Parliament.

Special Cadle Despatch to Tas Sun.
MELBOVBNE, of
recent
in London the Government of the Com-
monwealth has begun to give effect to
the decision to train and equip military
and naval forces. The Minister of De-
fence moved to-day in Parliament the
He
British strength
in the Pacific with that of Japan or the
United States, and said that Australia
wished to have a large share in defending
British poasessions there.

It would therefore provide, he went on,
one armored and three unarmored cruisers

no

The military arrangements would even-

reservists. Both naval and military
training would be compulsory, but the
compulsion would be initially confined
to closely populated areas.

It was estimated that the whole acheme
would cost £2,500,000, or $12,500,000

yearly. ee la
SCOURGED BY THE MUSE.

Justice Stafford Makes a Contribution to
the Cook-Peary Controversy.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.—Justice Wendel)
Stafford of te Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia contributes a poem
to the Washington Star entitled *Cook-
Peary,” in which he seems to chide the
last named. This is the poem:

Word fell one day down from the world’s white
dome,
The flag of freedom Is unfurled up here.
Awe fell on men, and thena mighty cheer
Swept pound the green earth and the white sea
foam;
Prayers flew from valiant hearts that never roam
And old seafaring eyes let fail a tear
For him who had set heel on all men's fear,
And from two Arctic nights was forging home.
Then fell another word, “A lie, a lie.
Lay not @ laure! on the shameless brow
Sole Warden pf eternal Snow am I,”
As if Dame Comedy had cauckled, “Now,
I'll let my drama loving children see
How human, at the best, can heroes be.”

 

DUEL IN A DRAWING ROOM,
Cuban Who Challenged Editor Gets a
Sword Thrust ta the Arm.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to TAS Sun.
Havana, Sept. 21.—A sharply fought
duel tepk place to-day between Gen.
Loynds’ del Castillo and Wilfredo Fer-
nandez, editor of El Comercio. They
fought with sabres in the drawing room
of a house belonging to one of the seconds.
Del Castillo received a disabling wound
on the right forearm after the combat
had lasted for some minutes.
Del Castillo challenged Fernandez on
account of an editorial offensive to him
that appeared in 4! Comerci:.

 

QUIT RENCH TO MAKE PEACE,

 

After Deciding a Case the Judge Steps

Down and Prevents a Fight.
* Judge Frederick Chamberlain of the
Bayonne District Court quitted the bench
yesterday to prevent a fistic encounter
in the corridor between Hyman Lazarus,
a former police court Judge, and Emanuel
A. Schiller, once manager of, the Bay-
onné opeére. house.

The dispute was the outcome of a case
in the trict Court. Schiller sued
Lazarus to recover a desk bought by the
latter at a receiver's sale in July, together
with all the assete of the Bayonne Amuse-
ment Company, former owners of the

ROBBED IN PULLMAN SLEEPER.

St. Louls Woman Lost ®21.800 Worth of
Jewelry—Portor Arrested Here.

William F. Jenkins, a negro, formerly
a Pullman car porter, was arrested here
last night and locked up at Police Head-
quarters as a “suspicious person” in con-
nection with the theft of $1,500 worth of
jewelry from Mré. 0. E. Robinson of
1 Parkland place, St. Louis. The robbery
occurred on a sleeping car bétween Cleve-
land and Philadelphia on the night of
July 16. Mrs. Robinson had the jewelry

opera house. Sohiller, Lazarus and sev- |i" & case which was in her satchel. She
eral others held stock in the company. put thé satchel in her berth.

The former manager alleges that Lazarus| [= the morning the jewel case was
appropriated the stock owned by him | °™Pty-

Jenkins, who is 20 years old, and lives
at 267 West Fortieth strett, protested
that he knew nothing of the jewels, but
he was discharged from the service of
the company. :

The Pullman detectives kept him under
eurveillance. They learned that he had

bragging that although he had
worked for the Pullman Company but a
short time he had got his, and that to
back up hie statement he had displayed
a valuable diamond ring. “At head-
quarters when he was searched a ring
containing two diamonds was found in
his pocket. The only ring Mra, Robin-
son lost contained three stones. i
Mrs. Robinson is in the city and will be

and he said that he had papers in his
desk which would prove his allegations.

Lazarus showed that he was acting as
agent for George Carragan, president of
the First National Bank of Bayonne,
when he bought the opera house, and
that the desk was therefore the property
of the latter.

While admitting Schiller’s ownership
of the desk Judge Chamberlain decided
the case in favor of Lazarus on the
teohnicality.

No sooner were théy outside the court
room than the lie was passed between
the principals, and only the appearance of

 

 

Chamberlain ven if she can identify stones in
eee of tes prevented an em the ring found on Jenkins.
PERPECE. VIEW OF NAY. PA .
If you wish st callat § "s;| Fireworks, iret pe and ot Malt Roa
Bisigh M
see new is Teed Poetics, 3 aiden Laan ¥é. at Gea Garret Restauryat, ad .

 

Printing and Publishing Association.

  

PATTEN HERE IN COTTON POOL|"°”"* "*42_20p¥ 1y Avro.

  

ee ae.

weve Pra ee ae

a tee
WeownsDay, Serrexmgn 22,1900,
Increasing cloudiness, with showers to-day

and to-morrow; warmer to-day; Ci
‘ brisk east to south winds. in

    

PRICE TWO CENTS. -

HEARTY ACCLAIM
FOR DR. COOK

Welcome to Explorer Noisy —
on Land and Water—All
Bushwick Glad,

     

 

Occupants Said They Had Strock Him and
Were Going for a Doctor.

Henry Louis Doremus, the ten-year-
old son of Henry Doremus, a farmer of
Fairfield, N. J., was struck and killed by
an automobile on the Passaic. road last

| night.

Three men came to the home of Henry
Bush in Fairfield in a large touring car
with the boy’s body and said that their
ear had struck him. They left the body
at Bush's home and rode off, saying that
they would get a doctor. Bush waited
for a while, but when no physician ap-
peared he sent for Dr. E. E. Peck of
Fairfield, who said that the boy had been
killed instantly.

After the car disappeared no trace of it
could be found.

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
        
   
   
 

 

SMALLCROWDDOWNTHEBAY
Doctor Had Nothing .New-to-Give
-Out Concerning His Discoveries -

—Had No-Criticism of Peary.

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

NO TRACE OF GEORGE A. BAKER.

Steamer Train at Cherbourg Vainly

* Searched for Man Wanted Here.

Spectal Cable Despatch to TaE Sun.

CHERBOURG, Sept. 21.—A fraitless search
was made to-day of the transatlantic train
on which were the passengers from
the steamer Kronprinzessin Cecilie for
George A. Baker, alias Bohlen, who is
charged with extensive swindling opera-
tions in New York and whose arrest has
been requested by the police of that city.

It is believed that he remained on the
steamer and that he will attempt to land
at Bremen.

MARCONI TO

 

Trip Up the: River Fall of .Action.e@.
Board the Grand Republic, WHR
Notse, Notse, Noise and Every Gap
Trying to Get Nearest the Here of
the Hour—Half “Hour With Wife and
Relatives Before the Steamboat Was.
Boarded—Expiorer Loaded Dows
With Wreaths—Brookiyn Hilarieas
When Steamboat Docks—Thousands
.Assembled Near the Former i
Home—Streets Packed at Night
German Singers Serenade Explorer.

It was thoroughly a neighborly weloome __
from the Bushwick part ofthe Borough ~
of Brooklyn that greeted Dr. Frederioks
Cook as the finder of the north pele
‘when he came to America yesterday ~
morning. Although tickets tothe number
of more than 2,000 were on sale, so that’
he or she who wished might steam down
the bay to greet the returning explorer,
very few comparatively availed them
selves of the opportunity.

Exactly 424 persons boarded the Grand
Republic and sailed down to Quarantine
shortly before 8 o'clock yesterday morning
to greet Dr. Cook, and of this
almost one-fourth were reporters a
newspaper photographers. The rest of

the passengers with few a
were folks from the Bushwick part.
Brooklyn. *y

The Brooklynites made up in tu
iasm what they lacked in quantity
when the East River and the shores of
Brooklyn were reached later in the fore+
noon Brooklyn let loose a noisy weleome
that plainly brought joy to Dr. Cook,
his family and other immediate relatives,

Brooklyn gave the explorer his real. 4
welcome, although there was much tooting —_”
of horns from the harbor shipping as the
Grand Republic with the doctor and his —
relatives aboard steamed first up the
North River as far as 120th street and
then returned and rounded the Battery ©
to head for the landing at South Fifth
street, Williamsburg. Williamsburg and
Bushwick did the rest, and did it for —
several hours with the great of
that, crowded the streets at the noon
luncheon hour—the landing time—the —
waving flags in the hands of countless
school children during the noon
and the tooting of the horns on 300 or 40
automobiles that fell in behind John W.
Weber's limousine car that carried Dr. *
Cook and his family through miles of ~
Brooklyn streets.

As soon as the very early morning greét-
ings to Dr. Cook had been gone throug)
with down the bay and he came over the
side of the Scandinavian-American Hiner. |
Oscar IJ, to board a waiting tug almost
everybody of course wanted to a@t
questions—his neighbors and ardent ad- |
mirers among the Arctic Club delegation
hoping that he would do his best to quiet —
the doubts of unbelievers and thé un-
prejudiced going to him in receptive —
mood to seek added details of the general q
story of his adventures. chee ae

Dr. Cook's statements made betwesh
Quarantine and South Fifth street and
the few items he added verbally later in ~
the day were quite enough to satisfy
his Brooklyn admirers that he really hag’ _
been to the north pole. Among
who were not inclined to be prej 1
one way or the other, those who as
wanted “to be shown,” his prepared wai»
written statements and the few questions
he answered by word of mouth ,they said —
were somewhat disappointing. ae

NOTHING NEW TO #aY. a

The explorer had almost nothing to” ~
add to what he already has been q
as saying. His short speech aboard’

Grand Republic after he had been

rh

 

MAKE RE PAIRS.

Wireless Inventor Arrives Fix Up the
Burned Glace Bay tion.

William Marconi, with {Director Davis

 

from Liverpool. They will go immedi-
ately to the Ghce Bay station of the com-
pany, the plant of which was destroyed
recently by fire, and superintend the con-
struction of a new plant, which will be
fitted with all the latest appliances in
wireless, and will have a sending and re-
ceiving capacity, Mr. Marconi said. very
much su or to the burned plant and one
that Mr. Marconi believes will be able to
do its work under practically any atmos-
pherio itions.

Other passengers by the Caronia were
the Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Charles F. Aked,
who have been summering in Switzerland;
Miss Hilda Spong, Judge M. Stevenson,
Dr. George L. Shattuck, Dr. and Mrs.
W. T. Chambers and Mr. and Mrs. Clive
Davies.

WRIGHT IN FLIGHT CONTEST.

@rville to Join in Meeting Near Berlin
With Farman, Bileriot and Latham.
Special Cable Despatch to Taz Sun.

BRRLIN, . 21.—Orville Wright has
entered ior the competiiidhs that will
take place duping the aviation week, which
begins September 26 in the outgkirts of
Berlin.

The competitors will include Farman,
Biériot and Latham.

 

 

be

WAR ON TAXICABS.

Hackmen at the Hoboken Docks Cause
the Arrest of 17 Chanffeurs.

Seventeen chauffeurs employed by the
New York Taxicab Company were ar-
rested yesterday in Hoboken on John Doe
eee issued by Recorder MoGovern
or violating the New Jersey automobile
laws. They were in a party of forty dri-
vers who were sent with their machines
to the North German Lloyd Steamship
Company's piers to meet passengers
from the Kaiser Wilhelm II.

Local hackmen resented the taxicab
invasion and told one another that unless
they stopped it they would be obliged
to go out of business. James A. Gates,
one of them, lodged a complaint with
the Recorder that the company’s New
Jersey license authorized it to have only
fifteen automobiles in the State at one
time, and cops were directed to serve the
warrants. The majority of the police-
men rode to headquarters in the taxi-
cabs with their prisoners and several
hundred persons followed the procession.

The chauffeurs were paroled in the cus-
tody of A. Philip Hexamer, a Hoboken
liveryman, for examination in the Ré-
corder’s court to-morrow. Hexamer,
who owns the hacking privileges on the

steamship piers, said that he hired the
taxicabs.

 

SMASHUP FOR LATHAM.

First Attempt at Flight in Berlin a F allure
—He's Not Hurt.
Speetal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Beauin, Sept. 21.—Latham’s prelimi-
nary flight with his monoplane failed
to-day owing to an accident to one of the
running wheels by which the machine
was brought violently tothe ground after
arun of 200yards. Latham was not hurt.

The aeroplane had risen a foot or two
above the ground at the end of the run
when it made a sudden leap into the air
and then plunged to the ground. The
steel propeller was twisted, one of the
starting wheels buckled and the canvas
of one of the wings wae ripped.

 

RUBBER FOOTWEAR UP, with wreaths of “ers was i an abe a
United States Company Advgnces Prices Pm § tis, one his wepewenenn ing
by Reducing ts. were practically condensations of

The United States Rubber Company
has advanced the wholesale price of its
products to dealers in footwear by re-
ducing the customary initial discount
from 25 per cent. to 20 per cent. The
action is said to have been due to the coh-
tinuanoe of the price of raw rubber at a
very high level. Since 1896 the price of
raw rubber has meréased from 81 cents a
pound to $1.98, and much of this advance
has taken place within the last year.

James G. Blaine 34 to Wed Miss Dow.

Newrpont, Sept. 21.—Announeement was
made to-day of the engagement of Miss
Marian Dow, daughter of Mr. and Mrs,
Richard F. Dow of Boston, to James G.
Blaine 34, son of Mrs. William T. Bull
of Kewport and New York.

Mias Dow, who is about 20 of age.
is devoted to outdoor sports and is at
resent at the country home of her parents

Marion, Maes. r. Blaine is in his

recent assertions that he has been
pole and can prove it.

country naturally would like
it could from him on the first
arrival Dr. Cook added very
earlier statements and finally
listen to further questioniag
will talk for publication “later
said.

All that Dr. Cook had to
in his voluntary contributions
written statements, his short

he was at the pole on April 21, 1008, 4
that he has proofs of all his «
which he will give to the Uni
Copenhagen, where later the public
ty-first year, Ho is with hie mother | mepect them. He did not say when
at od countiyr estate, Dudley Place. proofs would be deposited at ©
will soon return to Harvard to take up| hagen.
his senior year studies. He fya member); ‘Mr. Whitney has my inst
ee eaten and duplicate data," said Dr. Cook dew
BFST VIEW OF NAVAL PA at Quarantine early in the is

   

Special “Observation” Train (Canyas When the matter was brought up rs
reissue gaat etSinci Hod | during « brie! qulsciag st the Bua
ieited. Apply, at once 0" New Club in the afternoon Dr. Cook et
Lines Ticket Oftces or phone 6310 he left with Whitney some instrumenite.