er

>

 

VOL LXVIL.—NO. 308

—S
WAKING UP THE PLATFORM.

comMITTEE WOULD LIKE TO DODGE,
BUT BRYAN SAYS NO.
—

Convention Will Do What Bryan Saye and the
Committee Doesn't Want to Appear Ridico-
lous by Reportiag & Docement Which Will
Be Turned Down-Senator Daniel Calls
Bryan's Policy * an Inexcasable Blender”
~The Platform as Completed by Bryan Sub-
miited to the Committee—Debdate of Hours
Ensaes~ Only Difference Is om 26 to 2B.

Kansas City, July 4A merry row was
atarted to-day the moment the Committee on
Resolutions met for the purpose of drafting
the convention platform, and the row continued
far into the night, and was not even ended
then. As Bryan had been picked out in ad-
gance as the nominee of the conventtion, it
is necessary to construct @ platform upon
which he can stand. This means that it must
pe a platform containing @ specific declaration
for the free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1, no matter what the other planks may
aay And that is the kind of a platform that
the convention will adopt, whether the Come
mittee on Resolutions favor \t or not.

To all Democrats who have visited Mr. Bryan
at Lincoln within the last week or so, and who
have urged him to yield his views to theirs
in favor of a simple reaffirmation of the Chicago
platform of 1896, he has said:

“Gentlemen, I cannot agree with your views.
You telime that a number of the Democratio
Jeaders are opposed to a@ specific declaration
in favor of 16 to1. Well, there are to be many
Democrats in the Kanaas City Convention.
Pick out any one of them you desire and nomi-
nate him on the platform you desire, but I
shal! not yield one inch, even if I have to forego
the nomination” ¢

And there are delegates in the convention,
some of whom are members of the Committee
on Resolutions, who favor doing that very
thing. And they come from silver States,
too. Mr Ball of Texas, for instance, openly
m a meeting of the committee to-day, while
he is a free silver man: representing a free
silver constituency, sald {t ls very apparent
to him and to them that it ia for the best inter-
ests of the Dernoeratic party to let the silver
issue drop and take up the more important
question of the hour. As Mr. Bryan is op-
posed to this, Mr. Ball is willing to throw him
overboard

“When any man gets too big for the Demo-
cratic party it 1s time to drop him,” he said
to-Cay

But the party wont drop Bryan. Whether
the Committee on Resolutions shall make a
majority report in favor of a free silver plank
or whether {t does not, the convention is a
Bryan convention. It is dominated by Bryan
and by Bryanism, and the votes of the Popu-
lists and Free Silver Republicans on which
Mr. Bryan counts for Democratic success
will be made certain by his nomination and
by the adoption of a financial plank reaffirming
the Chicago platform and declaring again in
favor of free eilver coinage at the ratio of
16tol

This is the only fight there is on the Com-
mittee on Resolutions, and it is practically
the only fight there will be in the convention.
All of the platforms and planks that are being
carried around in the pockets of the delegates
and that are being submitted to the Committee
in Resolutions agree on everything except
thie free silver business, They all denounce
mperialism and militarism and expansion
and trusts and the Republican party, and they
all express sympathy with the Boers and the
Filipinos, and are much alike on subjects of
that kind, but all of these great issues which
Democratic orators ha ve been so fond of holding
lp to the country as the paramount questions
of the day that must be settled now and settled
right by the election of the Democratio ticket
ere lost sight of in order that William J. Bryan
may be nominated upon a platform that will
k@p Democracy and Populism together.

There is no contest over any other point of
the platform and Bryan will have his way, not-
withstanding that the opposition to his deter-
mination of bringing the convention to its knees
is opposed by some of his strongest adherents
‘hy are as radical in their views on the silver
question as he. All day and practically all
the evening the Committee on Resolutions talked
and wrangled, and all because Bryan has un-
dertaken to make the convention do what 4
majority of the delegates think it should not
do, and that is to make an outright bid of the
continued support of the Populiste and Silver
Republican allies by making free silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 again the overshadowing ques-
tion in the campaign.

The fight began the moment the committee
met. Senator Jones of Arkansas, the chair-
man of the National Committee, was elected
chairman, and R. L. Metcalf of Nebraska, Seo-
retary. The latter was the real chairman,
however, because it was known to every mem-
ber of the committee that he sat in it as the per-
sonal representative of William J. Bryan, and
‘hat he carried in his pocket the Bryan plat-
form, made at Lineeln by the man who will
be nominated on it. Mr. Metcalf did not keep
‘hat platform in his pocket long, but promptly
read it to the committee as embodying the views
that he and the Nebraska delegation thought
*hould be adopted as the declaration of the
political principles of the Democratic party.

That there might be no misupderstanding
4s tO what that platform was and who Its au-
‘hor was. the Colorado member of the com-
mittee, Mr. Fitzgerald, immediately pointed
Out the beauties of its construction and told
the committee that of course It reflected Bryan‘s
Personal views and the views of that element
Of the Democratic party that insiats upon mak-
'ng the convention do what it does not wish to
Go on the silver question.

Then Mr. Garrard of Georgia introduced an-
other platform as @ substitute which was very
Much the same as that of Mr. Metcalf, but which
left out the specific declaration in favor of the
free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, and
Judge Van Wyck of New York read to the com-
mittee lus platform containing the financial
plank of the New York State platform, which
merely reaffirms the declaration of 1896, In
# Drief speech he appealed to the committee to
a irther than this, but to adopt the part of
a mand do what a majority of the delegates
| the Democratic States want done regardless
Of the will of any one man.

; Thus the work of the committee was cut
~v and on this basis the members worked
moun — doors for three hours at the firat
or hen the doors were opened and the
oh i was asked what had been accom-
Titrant 't Was promptly answered by Senator
an, the South Carolina member of the
COMmittes, who said

7 an hell, wesimply uncorked alittle oratory,

a @Ave some fellows a chance to say that
Y would like to flunk instead of standing

") on the silver question.”

oo other members of the committee ax-

ites = Matter in different words. Thay

a oe had been accomplished be-

The 7 —e out just what the situation was.
vena oe on Resolutions, which will

, aa biatform, is made up as follows:

J : ‘ oe John W. Tomlinson; Arkansas,
, stein at California, Janes G. MeGuire;
pte, R. Fitzgerald; Connecticut, Homer
eA ee Delaware, Irving Handy; Florida,
3 a Georgia, L. F. Garrard; Idaho,
aan fe 'd, Tilinois, Carter H. Harrison; Iowa,
el purphy: Indiana, Samuel FE. Morse:
Bi ot avid Overmyer; Kentucky, J. 8 ¢.

“erdurn; Louisiana, W, F, Blackman; Maine,

“\estio

 

 

Frederick W. Plaisted; Maryland, L. V. Baugh-
man; Massachusetts, George Fred Williams;
Michigan, Thomas A. Barkworth; Minnesota,
B. B. Winston; Mississippi, H. D. Money; Mis-
souri, W. J. Stone; Montana, 8. T. Haiser;
Nebraaka, R. L. Metcalf;

Nevada, F. G. Newlands; New Hampshire,
J.J. Doyle: New Jorsey, W. D. Daley; New York,
Augustus Van Wyck; North Carolina, A. C.
Avery; North Dakota, George W. Freerks;
Ohio, H. L. Chapman; Oregon, M. A. Peary;
Pennsylvania, Charles P. Donnelly; Rhode
Island, P. Henry Quinn; South Carolina, B. R.
Tillman; South Dakota, John R. Wilson; Ten-
nessee, John A. Moon; Texas, Thomas Ball;
Utah, J. L. Rawlins; Vermont, F. W. McGet-
trick; Virginia, Senator Daniel; Washington
O. G. Ellis; Weat Virginia, J. W. St, Clair; Wis-
consin, D. L. Power; Wyoming, C. Blydens-
burg; Alaska, Louis 1. Williams; Arizona,
Dr. H. A. Hilders; Indian Territory (contest);
New Mexico, H. M. Dougherty; Oklahoma,
J. 8. Barnes; District of Columbia, J. L. Norris;
Hawali, John H. Way.

It is very certain that if left to their own
devices a majority of this Committee on Re-
solutions are in favor of the financial plank
submitted by Judge Van Wyck, or any one
of the similar planks that have been brought
to the attention of the convention by the dele-
gates from Ohio, Indiana and other States, And
if theae men were willing to accept the reapon-
sibility of bringing the question to an issue,
they would carry the committee with them
and force the convention to overturn their
report and acoept that of the minority. But
too many of them are under the control of
the map who is managing the convention
from hia home tn Lincoln,

Thus Gov. Stone of Missouri who, it is well-
known, favors going no further in the plat-
form than to reaffirm the declarations of 1896,
does not conceal his belief that whatever may
be done in the preliminary discussions, the
convention will adopt th» free silver plank
written by William J. Bryan, and read to the
Committee on Resolutions to-day by Mr. Met-
calf of Nebraska, The members of the com-
mittee from New York, New Jersy, Indiana,
Michigan, Florida, Louisiana, Georgia, Kan-
eas, Maryland, Maine, Illinois, Wisconsin, Ohio,
West Virginia, Virginia, Iowa, Minnesota, Ar-
kansas, Texas, California and other States are
willing to make the fight if they could count
on being indorsed after they had won it. But
to win merely for the sake of being turned
down in a convention to be controlled by Mr.
Bryan, who is willing to subordinate every ono
of the great questions to that of free silver in
the interest of his Populistic, Free Silver al-
lies is, in their opinion, to waste their powder
and they know that whatever they may do
the fina! result will be the same.

In the afternoon seasion of the Committee
on Resolutiona George Fred Williams of Massa-
chusetts wasthechief orator forthe Bryan-
{tes, Mr. Metcalf eaid but little in submitting
the Bryan platform, but Mr. Williams tramped
all over the committee room and roared un-
til his voice could be heard the entire length
of the corridor. His argument was the same
that Mr. Bryan hasbeen making, thatit would
be cowardly and suicidal to throw away a mil-
lion or 80 votes of the Populist and Free Sil-
ver parties in order to win over or keep the
votes of a few whose numbers are of no im-
portance and whose Democracy will not stand
the free silver test.

Mr. Daly of New Jersey combetted the apeech
of Mr. Williams and appealed to the committee
to vote down the Metcalf platform and let the
silver issue stay where it was left by the elec-
tion of 1896. He urged his Democratic col-
leagues to stand up for the issues that they had
been shouting for so loudly and denounce the
trusts, he sald, and expansion and imperialism
and militarism andthe general policy of the Re-
publican Administration and let the silver issue
stay dead. This isthe stand that Senator Daniel
of Virginiatook and Mr. Ball of Texas. Both
of them are free silver men and represent
free silver States, but they said it was time to
pay a little attention to the good of the Demo-
cratic party and take up the issues that the
majority of that party want to discuss and that
the American people are interested in and let
those who are not Democrats go to some other
party. Mr. Ball did not hesitate to say that
if W. J. Bryan did not want this convention to
adopt a platform that would meet the appro-
val of the majority of the delegates he could
stand aside and let some other man come to
the front.

There were many planks {n the Bryan plat-
form as submitted by Mr. Metcalf that met
the approval of every member of the Commit-
tee on Resolutions, and therefore there was
no formal discussion of them. Each one of
these planks is important in itself. The planks
regarding trusts and imperialism and mili-
tarism charge the McKinley Administration
with having an allianoe with England which
prevents this country from expressing sym-
pathy with the Boers. The resolutions say
to the Filipinos that they are in favor of allow-
ing them to set up @ government of their own.
On every point of Republican policy the plat-
form is strongly denunciatory and would be
adopted unanimously and promptly were it
not for the stumbling block created by the free
silver plank.

All sorts of propositions have been submitted
to the committee, and the corridors outside
of the committee rooma swarmed to-day with
those who sought hearings. The committee
of Women Suffragist#. headed by Mrs. Catt,
the President, were on hand as usual, seeking
a declaration in behalf of women suffrage. A
representative of the Knights of Labor wanted
to urge upon the committee the !mportance
of having the convention go on record with
regard to the miners’ riots in Idaho, and a dele-
gation of colored brethren, representing the
250 delegates to the Negro Democratic League
which met {n convention in this city to-day,
pleaded for the adoption of the following:

“Resolved, That the Democratic party favors
the protection of the lives of American citi-
zens at home and abroad regardiess of color.”

When the committee room door was opened
for a moment this printed resolution was thrown
to the secretary's desk in the hope that it would
find a place in the platform.

“What's the matter with the workingman’s
interests?”

“Reaolved, That all United States Govern-
ment contracts or sub-ehntracts for which
appropriations are required from the United
States Government shall specify that eight
hours shall constitute a day's labor, and that
prevailing rates of wages for services in such
contracts as are in vogue in that locality shall
prevail. ST. JowN 1881NG,
“Delegate Amalgamated Society -of Oper-

ative Plasterers of New York, National

Membership One Hundred Thousand.”

Many of the resolutions were entirely lost
sight of, as were their authors. The platform
wasgmade at Lincoln and not in Kansas City,
and the only real bone of contention was Mr.
Bryan's proposition to commit what Senator
Daniel described in hisspeechas “an Mnexcusa-
ble blunder” by not letting well enough alone
on the silver question.

At the evening session of the com-
mittee Mr. Hanley of Delaware opened
up the fight for a platform such as
Mr. Bryan does not want, and was fol-
lowed by Mr, Ball, Texas, who repeated
his entire argument to the effect that Bryan
should not ask the party to drive away its
voters who want the free silver lasue let alone.
Concessions were made in 1896 to the silver
men inthe Western stutes, Mr. Bal! said, and
the result is twenty Republican United States
Benators from the West.

Mayor Cartor Harrison of Chicago pleaded

fora ‘conservative’ platform. lilinola would
so Democratic with such @ platform, he
fy CAL Pe. ‘

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 5,

he

 

 

 

———

 

sald. Much is demanded by the Ger-
mans of the State, who constitute one-third
of the Tucker Democracy. Representative New-
lands of Nevada made an appeal for a new free
silver coinage declaration. He said that Bryan
is the leader of the party andas he wanted a
slver declaration, he should have it,

Then Gov. “Bill” Stone took the floor and
delivered a speech that was the entering wedge
for the defeat of the ant!-Bryanites. Gov.
Stone said that he still believed, aa he has
all along, that what was said and done in
1896 was all that was necessary to declare
the policy of the party on the silver qués-
tion, but since the Republican press had
started the agitation, and the Democrats had
become involved in a@ . controversy as to
what should or should not be done, it was
necessary to take decided action, The force of the
claim that the convention would be charged with
cowardice if they did not renew the adherence
to the clause of free silver coinage at the ratio
of 16 to 1 was piain,and he was therefore ready
to yield his views and bow to the sentiment of
the opposition

It was recognized by the committee that
Gov. Stone spoke in sentiments of other close
friends of Bryan, and it was clear that his
speech marked the beginning of the end of
the fight over the silver plank. Senator Rawlins
of Utah and Messrs. Gibbons, Florida; Filis,
Michigan; Baughman, Maryland (representing
Senator Gorman), and Blackman, Loulsiana,
all urged the adoption of the motion of Mr.
Chapman, Ohio, to strike out the re-declaration
in the Bryan platform substituted early in the
day.

NIGHT PARADE FOR THE PEOPLE.

Wind-Up of the Fourth’s Festivities Held for
the People of Kansas City.

Kansas City, July 4.—As a grand finale to
the Fourth of July festivities there was this
evening a convention street parade that was
intended, among other things, to atill
further identify the 16 to 1 circus here
this week with the day dear above all others to
American patriots. The parade was in no
sense a part and parcel of regular Kansas City
Fourth of July celebrations. The Kansas City
citizens took care of that matter them-
selves entirely, irrespective of politica or
political conventions, and if noise on a Fourth
of July means success, then they made a fine
job of it. In form it was a free-for-all celebra-
tion, without any particular municipal pro-
gramme, ’

But the parade was another matter. It was
part and parcel of the spread-eagle programme
which included the oaliing of the convention on
the Fourth of July for one thing, and making
the reading of the Declaration of Independ-
ence a part of the convention proceedings for
another. It camein finely as a part of the
general devil-let-loose condition of affairs which
has reigned here for the past twenty-four
hours. The streets for the past three nights
have been as crowded as the approach to the
Brooklyn Bridge entrance in the late afternoon
hours, but to-night along the line of march they
were jammed. The women and children were
out and to-night they filled the streets through
which the sixteen to oners were going to pass
through before the procession came in sight.
Curbstones and boxes served as seats and were
by asort of common consent reserved for the
women and children, who sat patiently on their
granite upholstery for hours waiting for the
show. Asaspectacie it was alittle disappoint-
ing but even the worst dyspeptic could not
withhold some measure of praisé for marchers
who had the courage to climb the uphill and
downdale streets of Kansas City ona night such
as this, when sitting stillin front of an electric
fan Is about all the exercise that some people
want.

In honor of the fact that they came from
Bryan's State, the Nebraska organizations had
the lead of the procession. There were three
of them, the Nebraska Travelling Men's Club,
the Bryan Home Guards and the Colonial
Guard, all of Lincoln, Neb. The Continentals
made a fine appearance in their blue and buff
uniforms and three-cornered hats. Following
them came a party of Pennsylvanians and the
Cook County Marching Club, the latter con-
sisting of Hinky Dink’s and Bath House Joba's
friends,

There were seven divisions in ail, and the city
officiala rode in carriages in the line. Ad-
vertisements and floats were strictly barred,
but the builders of the convention hall rode
in wagons, which bore placards telling who
they were and where they could be found
in case anybody had any more oonvention
halls to build. The crowds tried to cheer from
time to time, but it was evidently more out of
courtesy than from any spontaneous enthu-
siasm. There was nothing, as a matter of fact,
to arouse anything more than a very per-
functory Interest, and the crowds generally
melted away before the line got by them.

 

 

 

MONETARY LEAGUE QUITS,

Couldn't Pay for the Hall and This Bryaa
Side Show Broke Up,

Kanaas City, July 4—One of the numerous
conventions that was to be held here this week
has “gone broke.”’ It ie the United States
Monetary League. 0. D. Woodward, the man-
ager of the Auditorium where it was holding its
session, shut down on the leaguers last night
and refused to open his hall unless he was paid
{n advance. The money wasn't forthcoming,
and so the Monetary League quit. The league,
it may be explained, leftsome unfinished busi-
ness. The principal part of it was the appoint-
mentof a committee to wait on Brvan, ita
“‘cheerless leader,’’ and tell him how much the
league thought of him. It was also to have
Hatened toa speech by Sulzer. The managers
of the league explained that it would bean
awful disappointment to Sulzer if he couldn't
talk, but the managers of the hall were ob-
durate and said ‘No money, no talk.”

 

 

MICHIGAN DELEGATE KILLED.

Sameel Roberts Falls Off a Train om His Way
to Kansas City.

Kansas City, July 4--The Michigan dele-
gates to the Democratic National Convention,
who arrived at 8 o'clock this morning, had had
their spirits damped by the tragic death of one
of the delegates, Samuel Roberta of Charlotte,
Mich., which had occurred during the night.
Mr. Roberts was last seen preparing to turnin on
the sleeping car at 1 o'clock. When the dele-
gates awoke this morning Roberts could not be
found, His berth was empty, but his hat ana
coat were hanging on a hook,

On their arrival here the delegates founda
telegram from the station agent at Blooming-
ton, Ill, saying that the body of aman had
been found beside the track a short distance
from the station, On the body wasa Michigan
delegate'’s badge and several letters bearing
Roberts's name.

 

NO SMOKING IN THE CONVENTION.

 

An Innovation in the Management of Demo-
cratic National Meetings.

Kansas City, July 4. -One of the innovations
fora Democratio convention was an order pro-
hibiting smok'ng. It was given from the plat-
form, Atall previcus Democratic conventions
the delegates and everybody have been per-
mitted to amoke, with the result that at the end
been so thick that it was elmost impo sible to
of half or three-quarters of an hour the air had

seo the platform. To-day when the order that
there should be no smoking was made from the
piatform there was cheering. It was very gen-
erally obeyed, too, though here and there would
he a delegate who violated it.

 

The Saratoga Limited.

Another train de luse 3s the New York Central.
A!l pullmen cars. Every of but Sunday, See New
York Central ticket agent.-~Ada

a ae

ay PRCT

900.-C0

 

 

PYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING

 

 

 
 

ee

FOR THE VICE-PRESIDENCY.

KELLER'S NOMINATION BY CROKER
UPSETS THE SITUATION.

 

 

The Tam Meve Not Taken Seriousiy—If
Danforth Mad Been Selected He Might
Have Been Taken Up by the Convention
~The Origin and Rise of the Stevenson
Boom—The Shively Boom Put Away and
Trotted Oat Again-It Is Relieved That
Bryan Wants Towne and Will Get Him.

Kansas City, July 4.—With the rising of the
gun this morning every one wanted to learn

who is to be the Vice Presidential candi-
date of this convention. The action
of the New York State delegation

in putting forward John W. Keller, Tammany's
Charities Commissioner, a3 ita candidate for
Vice-President, has greatly muddled the s tua-
tion. It is admitted that Mr. Keller has no
possible chance of being nominated by
this convention, His Tammany friends,
though, are fully conyinoed that he should
greatly appreciate the honor of being pvt for
ward as New York's candidate for Vice-Presi-
dent in a Democratic National Convention.
They added that this signal honor put Mr.
Keller indirect linefor the nomination as
Mayor of New York city next year.

A number of influential Democrats said to-
day that they were eager toadmit thatif the
New York delegation had put forward Elliot
Danforth as its candidate for Vice-Pree-
ident the nomination would doubt-
less have gone to New York State.
They urged that Mr. Danforth could
have united all factions of Democrats in the
Empire State. Nevertheless, Mr. Croker be-
lieves that Mr. Danforth was Mr, Hill's candi-
date for Vice-President, and that was
enough for the combine which Mr. Croker has
arganized among the Democrata of the State of
New York. This combine consists of Croker
himaelf, the Kings county Democrats, the
Renseelear county Democrats and the Erie
county Democrats. They were powerful
enough to reject Mr, Hill as the representative
of the State on the Committee on Resolutions,
and they were cqually powerful in turning
down Mr. Danforth for the Vice-Presidential
nomination.

The Democrats here did not understand the
Keller boom. They did not seem to know who
Mr. Keller was. They were told that he was
President of the Democratio Club in
New York city, which is controlled
by Mr. Croker. The Indiana delegation did
not seem to like the idea of the Keller
boom. They held a meeting yesterday
and shunted Benjamin F. Shively to the rear.
G. V. Menzies, the chairman of the Indiana
delegation, had a number of talks with
both Mr. Hilland Mr. Croker, and gave them
to understand that the Indiana delegation
would work in harmony with New York on the
Vice-Prealdential candidate. But when the
Keller business came up the Indiana delegation
flunked, and this morning they had a meeting
and returned to their first love, Mr. Shively. As
soon as Mr. Shively heard of the action
of the delegation he promptly wrote a letter
declining tobe a candidate for Vice-President.
He could not afford to be. Thatdid not make
any difference with the Indiana delegation. for
the reason that Mr. Shively was not taken up
with a serious intent to nominate him. Buthe
must remain in the fleld as long as the Indiana
d+ legation insists that he shall, and Mr. Shively
is well aware of the aituation.

The great boom of to-day has been that of
er-President Adlai E. Stevenson of Blooming-
Aon, Ii. It was started late last night by
the friends of David B. Hill. After the
New York delegation had presented Mr. Keller,
many of the delegations became a little
angry and aald that they would like to teach
New York a leanon and that they would take up
David B Hill and make him the candidate of
the convention. This quickly reached Mr.
Hill's ears, and after looking over the ground
and after conferring with some of his Ilinols
friends it was decided to shove Stevenson to
the front. Mr. Stevenson would accept the
nomination on any platform that any party
ever framed

Vice-Presidential boom platforma do not
bother Mr. Stevenson atall. He was a green-
backer in his day anda fiat money man and all
sorts of things. The friends of the Hon. John
Lentzof Ohio also puthim to thefront. But
amid all of this talk it should not be forgot-
ten that Mr. Bryan himself greatiy prefers
Charles A. Towne, who was nominated by the
Sioux Falls Populists for Vice-President at the
time they named Mr. Bryan for President. Mr.
Towne's friends are becoming somewhat
anxious to-night, but they still (nsist that their
man will run first under the wire.

The Maryland people think something of put-
ting forward Gov. Smith, but nothing definite
will be known until the Populists, the Silver Re-
publicans and the Democrats §meet in confer-
ence on this matter. These committees
will not get together until to morrow.

Mr. Hill wae asked after the great demon-
tration he received in the convention to-dayp
just how he felt as to a nomination for Vivce-
President. He replied that it would be very
undignified for him to speak of that matter
when all of his friends were fully aware that the
exigencies of the situation prevented him from
even thinking of accepting such @ nomination.

 

BRYAN LISTENS AT TRE WIRES.

At Liacoia He Weighs Every Word Uttered in
the Convention Ball.

Lanco.n, Neb, July 4.—From the manner
in which Mr. and Mrs, Bryan entertained their
visitors to-day one could hardly believe that
Mr. Bryan was in such close§jcommunication
with the Democratic organization and eo greatly
interested in all that went on at Kansas City,
for both laughed, joked and told humorous
stories in as self-poasessed a manner as though
National conventions were an everyday affair,
But up on the second floor of the house were
two telegraph operators writing out the mes-
sages that were being sent directly from the
convention hall, Those not of a private nature
were read by Mr. Bryan to the small audience
of newapaper men and friends gathered on
the front porch, The most dramatic attempt
of the candidate was when he came from his
library at noon with a copy of the Declara-
tion of Independence, usually hanging on the
wall in that room, and placing it of a settee
before him read it aloud to a dozen auditors.
This was just after he had received the infor-
mation that the instrument was being read
at Kansas City. After he had concluded he
was asked to point out where Republican prin-
ciples conflicted with the principles read, He
replied: .

“No one could read that Declaration of Inde-
pendence and indorse it without condemning
the Philippine policy of the Republican party.
Innperialism nullifies every material proposition
set forth in the Declaration of Independence:
government without the consent of the governed;

| taxation without representation; the supremacy

 

of the military over the civil authority; govern-
ment by a distant irresponsible executive; all
these are part of imperialism, and all of them
are condemned in that remarkable document,
promulgation of which has made this day for
ever memorable in the world’s history.”

Then he read aloud that portion of his tele-
grams relating to enthusiasm for Hiil in the
convention. He smiled grimly, but said noth-
ing, although some one remarked wonderingly
that it was a strange event and marvelled at
| ita significance, Several times he was called

to the ticking instruments and there, standing

 

 

he should say, sent messages to the assembled
representatives of the Democrats of the naticn,
Once during the morning hours he was called
to the long distance telephone for a confer-
ence with some of his lieutenants, who were
at the Kansas City end of the line,

Before the returns began arriving he sat on
his front porch and entertained half a dozen
newspaper correspondents by reading from
Dickens's “The Old Curiosity Shop.” Als
selections were from the report of the conven-
tlon for the improvement of everything. He
repeated that part of the tale where the cor-
respondent said he would mail the account of
the next day's convention by the 10 o'clock
post the evening before, remarking that that
reporter was quite modern. He called special
attention to the correspondent who opened his
letter half an hour after he had sealed it to
explain that nothing had happened in that
half hour.

Even Mr. Bryan's two daughters have been
taken up with the enthusiasm of the cam-
paign. They have organized a secret club
among their girl friends, their motto is “D, 1. C."
but each Is pledged not to divulg@ what the
letters stand for. Miss Grace, a younger
daughter, is President of the organization and
Miss Ruth is Secretary. Meetings 4re held
onoe a day.

 

UTAR’S WOMEN DELEGATES.

Mre, Cohen Has a Seat and a Vote and Mrs.
Thatcher Is Her Alternate.

Kansas City. July 4.—Conspicuous among
the delegates to-day was Mrs. Joseph M. Cohen,
of Utah. She came to this convention as an
alternate. The man delegate for whom she
was an alternate turned out to be too sick to
come and she was admitted as a delegate and
sat on the floor along with the rest of the dele-
gation, Mrs. Cohen is young. She has been
in politics in Utah for about five years. She
@ald to-day that her first choice for Vice-Preal-
dent was William Sulzer and her second choice
Charles A. Towne. She also said that women
are in politics in Utah from the primaries up.
She said:

“It in no way interferes with our household
duties. We are sent to the county and State
conventions and are elected to the State Legis-
lature. During campaign times, we work as
hard for the party as the men. We have our
regular Democratic Women's Club and we give
political teaa and card parties to raise the money
for the campaign funds, We work in harmony
with the men of the Democratic Club and at
no time do we ever attempt to take the lead
or dictate, as we believe that women should
work with men and not antagonize them,”

Mrs. Cohen expects to be a candidate for the
Legislature this fall. ,

There is another woman who sits in the con-

vention, It is Mra, George Thacher, whose
husband is a member of the banking firm
of Thacher Bros. & (Co. of Logan,

Utah. Mra. Thacher was made the alternate
for Mrs. Cohen. Mrs. Thacher ia rather re-
served in her manner, which is perhaps due to a
fear that she may divulge some State secret,
of which she has become possessed as an alter-
nate. In speaking of voting in Utah, she said:

“We women do not have the slightest trouble
in going to the polls to vote in our cities, There
are no ruffians or drunkards around the voting
places and we simply go in alone as the men do
here and every other place, and cast our votes
and go away. There are usually as many
women as men,”

e COMMITTEE ON CREDENTIALS.

Clark's Montana Delegates Seated Without
Giving Either Side a Hearing.

Kansas City, July 4.-A most disgraceful
scene was presented to-day at the meeting of
the Committee on Credentials when contests
were decided without affording either side a
hearing: There were contests in the District of
Columbia, Indian Territory, Montana, New
York and Oklahoma. Exceptin Montana and
New York the committee reversed the action of
the National Committee upon these contests,
After hearing both sides to the contest in the
District of Columbia, the committee decided to
seat both delegations with a half vote each.
Then the other contests were disposed of
forthwith and neither side in any case
was allowed to make known their position
to the committee. In Indian Territiry and
Oklahoma both delegations were seated with a
half vote each. The Clark delegates from Mon-
tana were seated without such division
by an overwhelming vote. The New
York contest related only to the
Albany district, and the committee unani-
mously voted to stand by the Woods delegates,
Bo far as the merits of the case were concerned,
the Montana case overshadowed all others.

The committee met at the Kansas City club-
house, and during its deliberations ex-Senator
Clark was inanadjoining room. His lieuten-
ants have overrun Kansas City for the past four
days, and under Mr, Clark's direction did their
work well, Mr. Clark quoceeded in having all
debate upon his cases shut off bya vote of 33
to 13, and his delegates were seated by a viva
vooe vote. Mr. Clark‘s chief lieutenant, H. L.
Frank, waa a member of this committee,

The committee got Into a tangle as soon as it
started to organize and the trouble grew and
grew until (be end, when the meeting was ad-
jJourned amid the utmost disorder and tur-
moil. The discontented unes descended upon
the chairman of the committee as soon es
adjournment was announced and showered
thunderous wrath on his head for the out-
rageous treatment accorded contestants and
contestees by the committee.

Major Mag-nnis, who has bees named as Ben-
ator by the Governor of Montana to fill the
vacancy caused by Clark's resignation,
yelled out: “YOu have turned cut of this
convention those who oame to Bryan's aid
in 1806 when Chairman Jones was in despair.
Then they made a subscription of $200,000 to-
ward Bryan's election.” Henry C. Btiff,
Speaker of the Montana House of Representa-
tives, loudly denounced the action of the com-
mittee in passing upon the Montana cases
blindly, and said party succeas could not be
gained by such dction,

 

ANNOYED CROKER AND TAMMANY.

Sergeant-at-Arms Sent Off for Dinning the
Name of Hil) Into Their Fars.

KANnsae CITY, July 4.--During the demonstra-
tion for Senator Hill today, the Tammany dele-
gation sat silent, while all around them the
delegates were on their feet whooping, shout-
ing and roaring out the name of "Hill! Hill!”
Right in front of Richard Croker and former
Senator Murphy stood Guy Holmes, a
sergeant-at-arms who lives In Kansas City and
who isapartisan of Hill. He was so clos* to
Mr. Croker and Mr. Murphy that they could not
see much else than the form of Holmes and hia
waving arms, and he shouted in #tentorian
tones: “HUN! Hill! Holl!”

It was exasperating, and Mr. Murphy called
two deputy sergeants-at-arms and ordered
Holmes removed. That was an easy thing to
order, buta hard thing to do. Holmes had a
pull and [t was some time before he could be in-
duced to jeave. When he went he said:

“Walt untilthey come to Van Wyck.
him. I'll yell ‘Ioe!’ Just walt.”’

Whether Holmes carried out his threat is not
known, but there were some mighty lusty yoll-
ers of ‘Ice! ice!” when the nameof the Hon, Au-
gustua Van Wyck was read off as the member of
the Committee on Reaolutions from New York
The clerk who read the name hesitated before
he pronounced it, as though he expected some
unpleasant demonstration, and he said: “Aug.,
Aug., Aug.” three times before he gave out the
Augustus and the yells of “‘Ic>” enaued.

It wan remarked ‘o-day that Justice Van

Tl fix

besice the operator and dictating to him what Wyck always looks ovol,

 

!
!

|

~

‘Partly cloudy; fresh north winds.

*

 

AND ‘PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

   

ONVENTION MEETS,

Makes Tremendous Demonstration
in Honor of Hill

THEN GOES WILD OVER BRYAN

 

Delegates Yell and March Around
the Hall With State Standards,

 

The Fill Demonstration Broke Ont Twice
and Wae the Only Featere of the Con-
vention’s Morning Session — Gev.
Thomas of Colorado Made Temporary
Chairmana—The Declaration of Independ-
ence Read and the 'Star-Spangied Ban-
ner’’ Sang—Permanent Organization Et-
fected at the Evening Session With
Richardson of Tennessee as Permanent
Chairman—Altgeld Makes a Speech—An-
other Demonstration in Faver of Hill
~Great Bathusiasm at the Mention of Bry-
an's Name—Adjourned Until 10:30 To-day.

Kanaas City, July 4—A hundred thousand
people tried to get into a convention hall at
noon to-day which, with the hardest scrimping,
would not hold more than 13,000. It was Inde-
pendence Day, and every town for a hundred
mules around emptied itself into Kansas City.
All the railroads ran specials by scores at cheap
fares, and whole families came to town, both
for the purpose of celebrating July 4 and attend-
ing the Democratie National Convention. The
kindést words can be said of those who have
hurried the work of this convention hall, It
was burned entirely in April, but so great is the
local pride of Kansas City people that high and
humble put forth their best efforts to have the
hall ready for to-day’s convention. If every
railroad train entering the town was packed,
80 were all the trolley lines leading to the con-
ventin hall. Thousands upon thousands could
not get into the trolley cars, and they had to
walk and hop from one hill to another, In
every railroad office and every hotel the scalpers
were selling tickets to the convention just as
they sell on other days cut-rate railroad tickets.
A full description of the convention hall has
already been printedin Toa Sun. To-day every
nook and corner of it was occupied. It was a
fine-looking audience. It was an enthusiastic
audience. The decorations were eiuple. Some
were so rude as to speak of them as fimsy, They
consisted of the choicest bunting, and very little
of that. The platform was unadorned with
flowers and was almost as bare as a barn fioor.
Still, that made no difference to the participants
in this convention. A good many of them had
American flags and others carried canes deco-
rated with the national colors. Although the
convention hall was ventilated in superb fashion
the heat was almost intolerable, To many it
was utterly depressing. The machinery of the
convention was alsoa little lax. Still, there were
many reasons why this could not be avoided,
and it should be said that all were disposed
to accept with as little grumbling as possible
the discomforta incident to the situation.

The Hon. James K. Jones of Arkansas, chair-
man of the National Democratic Committee,
astonished ali of his old friends and admirers
by adopting @ decided new course for him.
The Senator was born in Arkansas, and he is
genial and easy-going, but this morning he
said that he would etart the convention
on time, and if the delegates were not in their
seats and the audience was not in the galleries
it would not be his fault. He reiterated that
he would certainly start the convention promptly
at noon. The hands of the great clock just
behind the chairman's table were exactly at
12 o'clock when he thumped the audience to
order, It was a long time before order
could be secured. Tho New York delegation
were talking among themselves about inci-
dents of last evening when Mr. Hill was re-
jected as the delegation’s member for Com-
mittee on Resolutions, The four delegates-
at-large for the Stateare Mr. Hill, Mr. Murphy,
Mr. Croker and Mr Van Wyck. In all previous
Democratic National Conventions the dele-
gates-at-large representing the Democratio
party of the State of New York have had seats
together. To-day they did not, Mr. Murphy
chairman of the delegation, had the first seat
then came Mr. Croker and then Mr. Van Wyck
Next to Mr. Van Wyck was Senafor Thomas
Francis Grady, Four rows back, sitting at
the head of the Albany delegation, was Mr.
_ SYMPATHY FOR BILL,

The turning down of Mr. Hill has created
a groat deal of feeling. Even some of those
very close to Mr. Croker said in the convention
to-day before the proceedings began that a
misstep had been taken. If there had been
any high politios in turning down Mr. Hill,
it was added, there might have been some
justification for the acta of the delegation.
It has gone out to the world, however, and
to every State and Territory in the Union that
Mr. Hill, who has occupied a place on the Com-
mittee on Resolutions for New York State in
a number of Democratio conventions, was
turned down by Mr. Croker and his friends
and Democratic allies in the State because
of the personal feeling which has existed be-
tween Mr. Hill and Mr. Croker for a dozen
years and more. A great many delegates
crowded around Mr. Hill before the conven-
tion could be got in running fashion this morn-
ing to tell him of their sympathy, and to say
that they thought an unnecessary humiliation
had been placed upon him. Mr. Hill thanked
them all. It should be added, also, that hun-
dreds of delegates visited the New York dele-
gation merely for the purpose of seeing Richard
Croker, They did not wait to be introduced
to him. They grasped his hand and intro-
duced themselves, It was remarkable how
very few Democrats in the United States have
ever seen Mr. Croker, He did not attend the
convention in Chicago in 189%. Sino@ the con-
vention in 1892, when he went to Chicago for
Mr. Hill for President, a new crop of Demo-
erats has come up. They are not of the old
Tilden, Manning, Hendricks, Cleveland, Thur-
man group. They are, in a majority of in-
stances, new to national conventions, and they
represent the new element in the, party that
has grown up since Mr. Bryan was a Congress-
man at Washington. Nobody at Washington
in Bryan's days ever dreamed that he was to
become a Presidential possibility, but that
is neither here nor there. The fact remains
that Mr. Croker held a reception in the con-
vention before it could be called to order. There
were a number of old faces in the convention,
or, rather, not old faces, but faces that had
been familiar {n Demooratic National oon-
ventions for the last dozen years. They in-,
clude Gov, Thomas of Colorado, who was the
temporary chairman; Daniel J. Campas of

Cari H. Schults’s Carbonated Waters Are

¥ g.caly pure ant correct agtifclal ,inesal watera—

 

ee

 

| convention.

 

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

Michigan, Major Q. ¥. Menzies of Indiana,
and Senator White of California; but, as a rule,
it was a new crowd.

For an hour before the convention was called
to order the delegates discussed among them=
selves the probability of defeating a specific
declaration in favor of 16 to1 inthe platform.
All sorts of talk was heard. It was insisted
that the majority of the Committee on Resolu-
tions would be antagonistic to the specific
declaration and favored merely reaffirmation
of the money plank of the Chicago platform
of 1996. Of course this is a mere quibble of
words, To the thinking voter it means abso-
lutely nothing, it means only subterfuge, and
the Democratic managers here who believe in
adopting such a course have not counted upon
the wisdom or foresight of the voters. On the
contrary, they have rathor seemed to think
that the people could be fooled on this matter
or be easily hoodwinked. Some of the greatast
Democrats who favor that reaffirmation bual-
ness admit under their breath that it is merely
done for the purpose of acquiring a certain
moral support, forgetting that this moral sup-
port could not last more than twenty-four
hours. Itwould be only necessary for theoppo-
sition newspapers to call the attention of the
people to the real meaning of the platform,
and all the bickering and squabbling that has
been going on here over the question would
be brushed aside in an instant.

The convention had a very fine band. It
Dilayed “Dixie” most of the time. That tune
seemed to awaken the audience more than
any other,

CONVENT! ON OPENED WITH PRAYEN,

By the time that the delegates had talked
themselves out, Chairman Jones secured order
and announced that the Kev. ID. 5. M. Neal,
pastor of the Central Presbyterian Church of
Kansas City, would offer the prayer. It was
as follows:

 
   

   

“Almighty (iod, God of our fathers, we ace
knowl "hee to be our God. Our nation
wee ee ie | and hope in pee Thy

as protegted and guided us in

@ past. Thy goodness has made us grea t.

5 sovereign and ace

We atill recognize Thee
je are dependent upon
lool Our hope Is in T

f° no other.
We to Thee,

forgive our sins and guide us into

lay we never, ae a nation, forget
God. Command Thy pening upon
gates of this convention. ay they be
who fear God and work righteousness and be
epcepted of Him, Inspire them with an exe
alt patriotism and a broad stateamanship.
Thou art moving among the nations of the carth.
We have come to a crisis as to our future polic
asa nation, Hluminate us by Thy spirit tha
we may have the power of Vision to discern
between right and wrong. As Thou hast guided
in the past, be pleased, we humbiy ask, to
pilot us over the breakers now. Save us from
the offence of approaching Thee only to have
our views ratified. May we come in all sine
oerity and bumility to inquire what the Lord
our God would have us do. Overcome our
eee and render clear our judgments.
Save us from the reproach that any power
among us is almighty but the will of God, as
expreased in the voice of all the geome ler-
olfully preserve us from oligarchy and com-
munism., May the principles of the Golden
Rule prevail; may truth, justioe and equalit
and li y be guarded with jealous care, Lord,
God Almighty, make bare Thy arm, be Thou
our God. Grant that what ia done here may
meet Thy approval. Thy kingdom come,
Thy will done on earth as it ia in Heaven.
We ask in the name of Jesus Chriet, our Lord
and Saviour. Amen.”

While Dr. Neal was praying an itinerant
band, heading a small delegation of alternates,
marched {n. The band played “The Svea-
mores Are Waving on the Wabash,” = and Dr.
Neal's prayer was interrupted until that noisy
band could be quieted. Thereafter the doc-
tor’s prayer was listened to attentively

MAYOR REED WELCOMES THE DELKGATES

Chairman Jones then said. “We must havo
quiet upon the floor. gentlemen of the co vvene
tion. I have the honor to present to vou thy
Democratic Mayor of Kansas City, the Hon,
James A. Reed.” Mayor Reed was to exted
to the convention a welcome to the city He
did so in a very brief but eloquent speech.
Mayor Reed spoke of the universality of Demo-
cratic doctrine which has penetrated where-
ever liberty was known and loved. He dwelt
at some length upon the progress of the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party, which origi-
nated, he sald, with the liberty-loving people
of France and England and came to this co -
tinent for its larger growth and ultimate de-
velopment. His allusion to the early leaders
of the Democratic yarty, Jefferson and Jack-
son, evoked outbursts of cheers. He declared
that Jefferson believed in expansion only as it
made homes for American men upon their
own continent.

Mayor Reed had not finished his speech of
welcome before there were great cries for
“Hill! Hill! Hill!" The delegates jumped
up in thelr seats and the vast audience rose
aud swung hats, flags, umbrellas, canea and
fans, all the time roaring with their voices for
“Hill! Bil! Hill!” Mr, Hill is not @ candl-
date for President or for Vice-President. He
is merely a delegate-at-large for the Empire
State. But the audience wanted to see him,
to bear him speak, and they justlet out a great
burst of enthusiasin for him. Senator Hill
sat in his seat at the head of the Albany dele.
gation, held down his head somewhat, but
finally in response to the continued ery for him,
rose and bowed to the great audience.

Chairman Jones quickly restored order, and
announced that the Democratic National Com-
mittee}had selected Gov. Charles 8. Thomas
of Colorado to be temporary chairman of the
Gov. Thomas is tall and slender
and has a very weak voice He wasn't heard
@ dozen feet from the platform. He was one
of the great speakers of the Bryan convention
in Chicago in 1896, He spoke in part as fole
lows:

Mercifu
truth.

Cha F nan Thomas's Speech.

Chairman Thomas said in his speech, after
having reviewed recent political history;

DenOreCy wages no war against wealth
Under her beneficent rule its creation and
emacemegt have ever been among er
worthy objects of human effort.
tor material comfort and well vane very
mainspring of progress. The we Mf Ogee
as the reward of honest industry an
commands and must receive the encour ent
and protection of all, But the wealth that comes
through partnership with the Government
which usurps its prerogatives and perverte its
agencies, which absorb: the resources and
blasts the opportunities of the individual, 3
competition, levies tribute on the oer
aud consumer, corrupts and poisons all branches
of official life and reduces the citizen to depend-
ency upon itg will,excites our just apprehension,

Modern manopeny is the offspring of the
Republican party. It is the genius of organ-
ized commercialism, It has neither cons oF,
sentiment nor patriotism. It knows ther
justice nor morality. Its inspiration is greed
and its pUrpose accumulation Corruption
is its necessary instrument. No public service

jatoo high, none too low, to escape its influences,
Its hand is on the throat and in the yoeses of
every human being in the nation Ll eneers
at the rigifts of man, and defles the sovereignty
of States. It regulates wages and the prices
of life's necessities, It divides the territory
of the Union into commercial provinces, pun-
ishes integrity and rewards the unscrupulous,
It gives or refuses employment at its pleasure.
It blacklists the workingman and sets him

adrift to starve in the midst of plenty. It
marches its battalions of employees to the polls
places it# chosen ballot in their ha and

coerces their support for its favori iy
ment. It is enthroned in the on of the
nation and the States, site upon the bench,
and makes and expounds the law, It gives
millions to ita political protector to debauch
the consciences of free men, and recet Vn
fold return through the legislation that It djo
tates, It ts marching to despotism under
the canopy of the Republic. It ts the enemy
of Pemocracy which has accepted ite gage
of battle. Fither the trust or the rD-
ment must disappear

Mr. Thomas then discussed the neweurrenoy
Jaw and said

THE NEW CURRENCY LAW CONDEMWED,
Those who now applaud will lve to
it; its beneficiaries will repudiate it She
the wrath of an outraged people aro
by the experiences of ita operation,
are smiling now and the

    
  

   

are gree
storm clo dy oes over who
have bartered tereata the
peopie to the or, power whose
av cannot wine
Against thie iniquitous tnafice