a
Ky

ee

 

A ge AT Be ete RE

Democracy protests. We will have no money
‘tem foun upon the public debt and
ctated by those who hold it. We stand for
the gold and silver of the Constitution—for a
per currency founded upon them and lanued
by the Government 4s the embodiment o!
sovereignty. We will not tax the people or
the mnalntenance of a private money system.
Wo would pay and not perpetuate our publie
debt. We itl dig our metais from the hills
and open our inints to their coinage. We will
pay no tributes to Caesar for that which is our
own. We will seourwe the money changers
from the temple of our Treasury and reconse-
orate it to the service and the welfare of the
eee, 4 that the money, question
is dead have given but little heed to the lessons
of experience, It can never die until it shall
receive the righteous solution, If it, be true
that our monetary circulation is the life blood
of our commercial system, It must follow that
upen its wholesome quant ty depends our eos
trmued welfare, Nostrums administered in
time of stress may postpone but cannot defeat
the demand for complete and thorough reno-
vation of a vicious and destructive polley
The phenomenal increase in the annual out-
put of gold has materially added tothe general
atock of primary money and relieves some part
of the stresa of contraction which succeeded
the closure of the Indian mints to silver in 1803
The consequent improvement in business and
industrial conditions may be traced directly
to thia fact, although the failure of crops in
various portions of the world, and the waging
of o great offensive war with its accompans ing
erpenditure of treasure, have contributed to
asuilt
a eS plea of 1996, that the monetary
volume was sufficient and the world supply of
id ample for its needs, is now transparent.
fix error is admittted in the boast of our op-
ponenta that they have increased our per capita
elireulation, The vast. quantities yielded by
the mines are readily absorbed by the ceaseless
demand for its use and its multiplied increase
ia earnestly hoped for, No voice is raise
against its continued production, No fear
is expressed that we can be embarrassed by
{ta abundance, vet {ts annual output exceeds
that of gold and silver in the years when the
latter was repudiated because of its threatened
(inundation, Our opponents stand confounded
by the {irresistible operation of the law they have
denied.

IMPERIALISM.
has become a favorite word tn
Destiny is the name
Trade expansion if

Imperialism
the national vonsbulsry
ts fateful brother
oes verbal tie that binds them.
are paraded as the cause of the exouse for every
ein against the organic law of our fathers,
while clamorous appeals to a so-called patriot-
fem drown the solemn warnings of sages an
of statesmen against the certain tendencies
of the new dispensation, The salve of un-
avoidable necessity is a plied to the national
conscience, while tts ticlams are still vy
the incantations of trade statistics compiled
{n the Interest. of monopolies which pursue
air pathway of constant accumulation through
all the vicissitude of the eventful years, un-
hindful of the decay of our institutions and
mperturbed by the ebb and flow of the surging
ides of a opinion that soon shall over-
Beep for the extinction of a commonwealth.
Ys have cheerfully submitted to a burden-
e taxation that Cuba might be free; that
orto Rieo might enjoy the heritage of our
Constitution, We have consecrated our sons
to the cause of liberty and sent them freely
orth to extinguish the laat vestige of despotism
in our hemisphere. We protest against pay-
ment of tribute or the devotion o life to the
cause of empire. We will emulate monarchy
neither in conquest nor in government. We
would perpetuate the Monroe Doctrine, and
realize with Jefferson that its first and funda-
mental rnaxim is never to entangle ourselves
in the broils of the Old World. We need, not
despoll the helpless that we may trade with
them. We realize that a standing army Is the
attendant of Imperialism. We would avold the
latter because, once avowed asa national policy,
{t must undermine our domestic tnatitutions.
We would avoid it because ita adoption must

who have used the machinery of the

lead to other wars and other conquests, to the
shedding of innocent blood, to burdensome tax-
ation, to a hopeless national debt, to
ble annexation of other lands, to constant en-
Jements with the affairs of other nations—
Sor to all the evils foreseen by Fates
is Country, and depicted in that immor
as, whose earnest warnings are forgotten
or disregarded by our rulers.
We would have no colonial
tient brood has already hato
Fiavana Post Office an

6 forci-
tan,
in
of

. Its
in the

has grown apace for
months {n distant Manila. is the fruitful

other of oppression and maladminietratic ,

t has no place in the economy of a republic.

t cannot Rive in the atmosphere of freedom.

It is asylum of dishonesty and thoompe.

tency, It breeds fraud, wrong and scandal.

I mpiep a tyrant of the ruler, a rebel of the
. It di

oad ome
} ple. It {san instrument of depotism an
The antagonist of democracy.

EXPANSION DEMOCRATS BELIEVE IN.

We believe jn that ex on which

Democratic brough the oon
a waxy of common weal

We denounce that e ion which py contrast
overcomes the people of anot “r emnisphere
under the pretext of giving them liberty, which
overns them by foroe, wich denies to them
the righta of citizens, which subjects the Amer-
{ean workmen to the competition of hor
of Orientals coming hither romp 80-c

merican provinces to take his place at the
‘0 in th mine and the factory,

ee" would build the Nicaraguan Canal as an
Ameri enterprise for the American people.
We wauldoperabe {t in times of peace and 90.
trol itin times of war. We would fortify It
notwithstanding the protests or the objections

of transatlantic Po .
We would form political alllances with no
untries whatever. We neither need nor
desire them. For a century and a quarter
ar survived the envies and the enmities
urope

of

ives and beau
tit robs and plunders the subject

nder
f nent
into the Union,

We would relieve the people of the burden
of taxation. If administrative authority ts
to be credited, the Spanish-
ended eighteen months ago. e sare quthor-
ity assures uswithevery moont at the {ppine
ins fon {s over, The Treasury ts bursting
with a plethoric revenue, millions whereof are
epowted with favorite banks which lend It to
people on thelr own terms, that the volume
of cireulation may not euffer diminution. Not-
withstanding these conditions, there {s no sur-
coase of taxation.
We would investigate the public expendi-
tures and demand an accounting for the millions
that have been lavished on the purchase of
naval stores and war munitions, tn supplies
equipment and transportation. We woul
{nquire {nto the conduct of the war, stamp
out favoritism {fn high places, and rewar
the real heroes of the confilct. We would
ascertain and fix the responsibility for the
terrible mortality of our military camps,
for the inefficiency of bureaucrats and their
subordinates, and for the needless sacrifice
of thousands of our soldiers the cunidity
of contractors and the Inefficiency of anpotntees.
he Renublican party boasts of almost un-
broken rule for nearly forty vears, [ts mission
was to defeat the extension of slavery and de-
stroy that institution. It appealed to the
moral forces of the Republic and founded its
organization upon the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence. It was triumphant.
A great war waged under its administration
effaced slavery from the land, and forever de-
termined the integrity of the Union. Since
mn it has undergone complete and mar-
vellous change. It once decla! its oppoal-
tion to ‘all combinations of canital.” It has
inal the exponent and defender of canital
in

erican confilct

ita forms, the protector of every political
that has arisen since the war to assail or
menace the welfare of the citizen.
Against the continuance of this
we enter protest. With the man exalted above
ad dollar, the Constitution above the combina-
on, the equality of all before the law, with
solemn pretiios to correct the abuses of ad-
atration and to enforce those fundamentals
Government which secure exact Justice to
all, we shall not appeal in vain to the wisdom,
the intelligence and the patriotism of the
American people.
Gov. Thomas's speech was well received by
those who heard it
READING THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
As temporary chairman of the convention
Jov. Thomas next recognized Dantel J. Campau
of Michigan, who arose and sald:
“The Republican party recently tn Philadel-
phia, the cradle city of liberty, where the Dec-
laration of Independence was written and the
Constitution framed, did there indorse an ad-
ministration which had repudiated the Consti-
tution and renominated a President who has
betrayed the principles of the Declaration
This convention is composed of men who have
the same faith as was in their fathers in this
immortal instrument. As a,reaffirmation of
Damocratic fealty to the fundamental principles
of American liberty, I move, Mr. Chairman,
that the clerk be directed to read the glorious
Declaration of Independence, drafted by that
Democrat of Democrats, Thomas Jefferson,
and adopted 124 years ago to-day.”

in power

The motion was carried. The band struck
up “The Star Spangled Banner,” the great audi-
torium rose to its feet, some joined in singing
the national anthem and the demonstration was
& most glorious one, At the close of the singing
a plaster bust of William Jennings Bryan was

brought in and placed upon a pedestal, also
adorned with the American flag. Everybody
thought before the bust was uncovered that {t
was a bust of the great Thomas Jefferson, who
wrote the Declaration of Independenca. It
turned out to be a bust of Mr. Bryan, and just

what he had to do with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence nobody seemedto know, There wasa
ripple of applause at the incident, but the ap-
plause was an evidence) that the episode,

even in a Democratic National Convention,
seemed to be preity far fetched. It is known
that the Democratic managers believed that

f i
led b
1
h
8)
the
1
the ‘h
d
A
‘led
d
4

the incident would create a sensation. It did
nothing of the kind.

As soon as order was restored Secretary
Charles A. Walsh of the Democratic National
Committee of Jowa read the Declaration of
Independence. He had a copy of the great
Declaration in his hand, but he scarcely looked
at it. He had committed it to memory, and he
delivered it very much after the fashion of a
political speech, but his voice was clear and
resonant and was heard to the uttermost parts
of the convention hall.

A YOUNG WOMAN AINOGS THE STAR BPANGLED
BANNER.”

While the Declaration was being read a hand-
rome young woman, dressed all in black satin
and lace and with what some of the delegates
raid was “sukaissed hair,” appeared upon the
platform and sat down beside Temporary
Chairman Thomas. Nobody seemed to know
where she came from; she merely appeared
upon the scene. All the delegates craned their
necks to get a look at the young woman, and
they were quite enthusiastic whén Gov. Thomas
announced that she was Miss Edyle Bowen of
Fulton, N. Y., and that she would sing the
“Star Bpangled Banner.” The attractions of
the national anthem undoubtedly were joined
with those of the young woman. Anyway,
the audience seemed to be greatly pleased.
It rose as one man and woman, and at the close
of the singing the band played and everybody
joined in singing the great American song.
Even Senator Tillman of South Carolina climbed
upon the platform and Joined in the singing.

GREAT DEMONSTRATION FOR HILL.

Then came quickly @ second demonstration
in favor of Mr. Hill of New York. The audi-
ence was on its feet. Three-quarters of the
delegates were upon chairs; all cried, “Hill!”
Hats and flags were waved and canes with the
national colors were thrown in the air. A arent
burst of cheering followed It was taken up
by the thousands in the convention hall, It
was the most roaring welcome that David Ben-
nett Hill has had in many a day. Over and over
again did the thunderous roar for “Hill!” “Hill!”
“Hill!” go up. Gov. Thomas used his heavy
gavel in vain efforta to bring the convention
to order. It continued to cry for “Hill!” “Hill!”
and would not be quieted, finally Sergeant-at-
Arms John I. Martin signalled the band up in
the gallery to play. The band struck up the
“Star Spangled Banner.“ For several seconds
the music did not have the slightest effect on
the cheers. Its loudest notes seemed to be
only heard as occasional punctuation marks
in the tremendous volume of cries that rose
for Hill. But the band was persistent. Jt
continued on and on, until finally it began to
make some slight headway and the cheering
died gradually away. Then the band had it
all to itself. Only here and there occasionally
was heard through the hall an {isolated cry for
Hill, and it seems as though the runaway con-
vention which had taken the bit in its teeth
had at last been brought to a standstill

But with the last note of musio the tre
mendous cheering broke out again for Hill
They wero of greater volume this time than
before. It seamed as though the music had
only been a sort of damper to hold back the
pent-up enthusiasm. The moment the bar-
riers were released it broke loose again and
swept evetything before it. Rergeant-at-
arms Martin grabbed a huge gavel. Tem-
porary Chairman Thomas already had one;
both started in together to bang that audience
to order, The audience would not listen for
a second. The terrifio uproar for Hill swept
on and on, It lasted fourteen, minutes. It
was the greatest reception that any Democrat
has had eince Bryan was nominated at Chicago
in 1896, It excelled in every respect the great
demenstration in the Republican National
Convention in Philadelphia for the Hon. Mat-
thew Stanley Quay. The audience would
not cease ita enthusiastio applause. It paid
not the slightest attention to the gavele which
Mr. Thomas and Mr. Martin were using with
all their might. Again did Mr. Martin signal
to the band to play, and this time the tune was
the “Red, White and Blue.” The audience
joined in singing this famous American song
and mingled with the musio were the cries for
“Hill.” The convention had got absolutely out
of the hands of its presiding officer and none
knew this better than Gov, Thomas, for he
sent down a messenger to Senator Hill in the
New York delegation to ask him to come to
the platform. Mr. Hill declined todoso, The
Kansas people waved their sun flowers in the air

WOMEN JOIN IN THE DEMONSTRATIONS.

The women on the platform and in the gal-
leries were as enthusiastic as the men over
New York's areat Democratic bachelor. Mr.
Fill was compelled to rise from his seat again.
He tried to say a few words of thanks to Chair-
man Thomas and the audience.. He could not
be heard two feet away. The representatives
of a dozen or mo.e delegations rushed over
from their seats to grab his hand. The ter-
rific outbursta of cheering continued. Gov.
Thomas and Sergeant-at-Arms Martin sent
ushers and pages down through the delega-
tions demanding them to come to order. They
paid not the slightest heed to these commands.
Finally, in desperation, Gov. Thomas eent a
messenger down to Mr. Hill to say to him
that the order of the convention was in his
hands and that if he did not want to speak to
the audience he ought to do something to help
the chairman restore order. Inasmuch as in
the tumult Mr. Hill could not be heard he sent
back word by the messenger to Gov. Thomas
that he thanked the audience for the demon-
stration in his favor, bvt he did not care to
speak at this time, and if possible hs would
apeak later. The uproar continued until tne
ushers and pages had restored order among
the delegations. Finally it was apparent to
the audience that ex-Senator Hill would not
speak and it flopped into its seat as one man
and woman. It certainly was a great dem-
onstration that Gov. Hill received on this oo
casion and one which, his friends said, should
in a measure compensate him for his rejection
by the New York State delegation as the mem-
ber of the Committee on Resolutions.

VAN WYCK'S NAME AROUSES ORIES OF “ICH!”

Secretary Walsh then read the names of the
Committees on Credentials, Permanent Or-
ganization, Resolutions, Rules and Order of
Business. When the name of ex-Gov. Stone
of Missouri was read as that State's member
for the Committee on Resolutions a great cheer
ascended, When Secretary Walsh came along
to New York and read the name of Augustus
Van Wyck as New York State's member of
the Committee on Resolutions, there were
great cheers mingled with terrific hisses, in-
terspersed with cries of “Ice! Ice! Ice!” This
demonstration seemed to anger the Tammany
delegates, for Senator Grady Jumped upon
his feet and he was quickly followed by ex-
Mayor Molloy of Troy, and they led the Tam-
many delegation and others in drowning the
hisses and the cries of “Ice! Toe! Ice!” with
cheers for Mr. Van Wyck,

When Ohio was reached John C. Il, Pugh of
Columbus jumped upon his chair and shouted,
“LT move that William Jennings Bryan be in-
vited to address this convention,” and with-
out any instructions the band blared out,
“There'll be a Hot Time in the Old Town To-
night.” There were no cheers for Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Pugh’s demand was ili-timed, and, besides,
the Ohio delegation has put him upon the shelf
and they said he had no right to stand up in
the convention and speak for the delegation
in that fashion. It was remarkable, though,
that Mr. Pugh’s demand for Bryan was not
followed by cheers for Mr. Bryan. There
was nothing gotng on to prevent these cheers,
and yet the episode should not be accepted
to mean that this convention is not by all means
friendly to Mr. Bryan. The Jacksonian Club
of Nebraska came in at that moment, teaded
by a band, and it marched clear across the
convention hall. The club's appearance was
greeted by great cheering, and as soon as the
last members of the club had passed the ros
trum Chairman Jones moved that the conven-
tion adjourn until 4 o'clock,

The various committees then went to work.
They had an hour and a half exactly in which
to complete their labors, When the conven-
tion reassembled at 4 o'clock it was quickly
seen by Temporary Chairman Thomas that

  

the labors ef the committee were too onerous |
to be over in such a short recess, and #0 the |
convention adjourned amid many protests of |
Opposition until 8:30 in the evening.

THE EVENING SESSION.

 

Permanent Organisation Effected—Speech by
Altgeld More Cries for Hill.

CONVENTION Hat, Kansas City, July 4.—
The people who started out to attend the even-
ing session of the convention might be said
to have taken their lives in their hands, En-
thusiastic as had been the Fourth of July cele-
bration during last night and all day, the en-
thusiasm seemed to have been doubled as dusk
came on, The streets were jammed with peo-
ple, shooting pistols and hurling gigantio fire-
crackers, apparently regardless where they
fell. Women as well as men joined in the aport.
It was a whooping, howling. rollicking. shooting
mob. Again thousands more headed for the
convention hall than could possibly be accom-
modated, even if they had been packed in the
building sardine fashion. As early as 6 o'clock
the bullding was practically filled, and by 7
o'clock there was room for no more, except
in the space reserved for the delegates, and the
sergeanta-at-arms were working themselves
half to death,fighting back the crowd that was
determined to get in and occupy these seats.
No word had been received of what the commit-
tees had done, andj nobody ,knew whether
theywould be ready to report an hour and a
half later, when theconvention was againto be
called to order.

The official band forced {ta way in at 7 o’clock
and started in toamuse the crowd for that
hour anda half. It worked lustily for an hour
and succseded pretty well. At 8 o'clock the
Debaugh Band of Chicago came to its assist-
ance and it made things hum for a while. It
lined up at the platform and blew out tune
after tune until it knocked out all the corres»
pondenta who were at work within a few feet.
It was followed by a big fife and drum corps.
The offictal band had got its wind before these
two organizations had played out and itlet
drive again. The whole thing tickled the
waiting crowd, and {it started whooping and
yelling almost as it had whooped and yelled
for the Hon. David Bennett Hill at the morn-
ing session.

While the bands were having fun with the
people, or the people were having fun with
the bands,some of the officials of the con-
vention moved the plaster bust of Bryan from
the high part of the platform where it had been
placed when it was first put in the hall to a
spot lower down but further forward and nearer
to the people. That work had hardly been
done when another band showed up on the
scene and had several members armed with
megaphones. This band marched up to the
roof garden. The members with megaphones
aimed them at the crowd and sang “Loulsi-
ana Lou” and a lot of equally instructive things.

Temporary Chairman Thomas got in at 8:30,
but the crowd were too busy with their singing
band to pay any attention to him, and he occu-
pied his seat only a few minutes and went
around visiting friends until the band got
through. About two-thirds of the delegates
had arrived when the band quit and then Chair-
man Thomas pounded for order. Sergeant-at-
Arms John I. Martin turned in to help with his
gavel. and after a epell, order was restored.

GPBECH FROM ALTGELD.

A delegate from Colorado got the floor and
demanded that as the committees wera not
ready to report, the convention should hear
from Gov. Altgeld of Illinois. There was a
wild shout and it kept up fully a minute. It
was renewed when Altgeld stepped up on the
platform.

Altgeld has a good volos, but strain it as
he would he could not make himself heard a
hundred feet from the platform. Neverthe-
lesa, the crowd was as quiet as it could be, and
{t listened in the hope of catching a word now
and then. The substance of Mr. Altgeld's
talk was that the people looked to this con-
vention for a declaration of principles that
would be the salvation of the nation. He
took an occasional fall out of the Republican
party. He said that for four years the op-
position press had taken more than ordinary
interest in the welfare of the Democratic party.
They have said that if we did not change our
platform, if we did not modify our principles;
we could not possibly win. They have mani-
fested an extraordinary solicitude for us. Is
there a delegate here to-night, {s there a man
or a woman here to-night, is there a man or a
woman in this country so ignorant as to be
leve that the opposition press wants us to win?
Why, my friends, they know that moral forces
and political forces are led to triumph, not
by numbers, but by the earnestness and en-
thusiasm ef the devotees.

They know that a party which builds up on
the force of ideas is irresistible and will surely
triumph. They know that if we stand firmly
by our colors, keeping up our enthusiasm,
there {s not an American force that
can defeat us. Mr. Altgeld declared
that 16 to 1 must be reaffirmed, that Bryan
stood for it and could not be asked to step back-
ward. He said the Gold Democrats must re-
member that the great army of the Democracy
was standing firm for the platform of '06 and
the principle enunciated in that Idea. + Goy.
Altgeld went on to appeal to the sections. He
said:

“Now, my friends, we are at a critica] junc
ure in the history of Republican institutions,
We have reached the time when men must
lay aside all thetr selfish Interests and rally
to the rescue of Republican {natitutions. Four
years ago you were appealed to to protect
your podkets, You sons of New England,
what mean the monuments on your hills that
light your land with glory? They tell of an
age when there were men in the land who fought
for a prindple and dared to die for this prin-
ciple. Shall it be written that in one short
century the sons of those mighty parents were
willing to die in the vulgar throttle of expedi-
ency? Men of the South, thirty-five years
ago your land was blackened and your
homes were desolate because your fathers and
brothers fought for their principles. Your land
{ns covered with the graves of men who died
for what they believed to be true. Have you
forgotten? You were not born in the land

,

where they trim. For thirty-five years your
daughters have covered their graves % th
laurels. Are you willing to do any act in this
convention or elsewhere that 1 bring the
blush of shame to that proud race? The eyes
of not only this country but of the Nberty-
loving people of all the earth are on this con-
vention to seo if it will repay high principle,
We are at the beginning Of a new century,
The world is moving forward. The Almighty
is watching the Democratic party to see Whether
{t will take this oocasion to lead this nation to
a yaher plane of life, where its daughters wil
not have to bes for bread.”

The enthusiastic applause which followed this
peroration was interrupted by a demonstration
caused by the appearance of ex-Senator
Hill. The whole audienge seemed to
on its feet shrieking the name of Hill!
Hill! Hill! The chairman tried to choke jt off
again by starting up the official band. It did
Rent it, but the moment that the band stopped
the howling wasresumed Again the isa
wasstartedup During it all Senator Hill main-
tained his seat. He was not displeased, of
course, but he would not arise to acknowledge
the honor. The New York delegation sat dumb.
The band finished playing @ second time and
again the shouting for “Hill! Hill!” went up.
This time it was checked by the arrival of the
Committee on Rules, which made its report.
Then came the “Hill! Hill!’ rena again. The
comenitios on Credentials arrived and checked
t

The report of this committee, deciding con-
tests, interested the crowd There wan a
minority report of the committee. The
majority report gave to the contestanta
in the District of Columbia a hatf
vote each, Maryland made a fight on it
Murray Vandiver got the floor and then the
platform. He objected to the Credentials
Committee giving a whole vote to the
Clark Montana Democrats in the conven-
tion while they gave the regulars in
the District of Columbia only a half vote.
When he had finished a vote was taken
and the ey report of the committee was
adopted. he District. of Columbia folks were
angry. clear thronah, but before they could do
any more kicking the chairman ca led for the re-
port of the Committee on Permanent Organi-
zation. It was presented by the Georgia
chairman. He spoke as follows:

“Your committee reporta for permanent
chairman the name of John B. Riehardson.”’

The politicians winked at each other, They

apee ne a on, jane peace ee
° 6 tm 0 hardson, pote
ford Barous, U. 8. A. “& Co. but thie

 

 

 

was a new one on them, The Georgian went
on, however, and finished the reading of his re-

rt'and then moved its adoption, It was
adopted. A committes was appointed to trot

John B out. It was James D. all right
and he was introduced to the crowd
Congressman McCreary of Tennes-ee.

b

There was a single whoop as the Democratic
leader in Congress started to make his speech,
It was followed instantly by shouts of ‘Louder,
“Louder.” Richardson raised his voice and
was heard a little better, when a package of
cannon firecrackers outside went off and it was
a minute or so before he could go on.

Kichardson’s voice was good in the beginning,
but the crowd didn’t warm up. He hadn't been
speaking long when his voice broke under the
strain and it ame painful to listen to him,

he crowd was patient and listened, but there
was no applause to speak of until the agecke
mentioned the name of William Jennings Bryan
WILD SCENE OVER THE MENTION OF BRYAN’S

NAME,

The crowd was waiting for that. It began.
with one wild yell, in half a minute the whole
audience was on its feet and the delegates we'
up in their chairs yelli and shrieKing an
cheering. State standards were pulled up from
the floor and waved h in the air, hats and
coats went up, flags were waved, and for three
minutes the yelling kept up. The band started
playing. That added to the excitement. Sud-
denly the Georgia standard, high above those
of the other States, mare to the front,
other standards fell in line, and a march was
begun in the hall. The jam was too thick to get
clear around, and the standard-bearers ste’
infront of the platform and tried to climb
upon that. Some of them succeeded in
getting up: the others clustered at the steps,

here was the standard of every State and
the crowd kept up its howling and ita cheering
and the band ite playing. Eight minutes
passed and it was still going on. Thestand-
ards had gone back to their places now the
march was etarted again, To add to the ex-
citement, pistols were drawn by some idiots in
the crowd and were fired in the air. Back and
forth the standards marched and finally the
movers ‘succeeded in breaking through the
crowd encircling the Guegeies and the
march around was begun. he march was
lead by Prince David of Hawaii, who car-
ried an immense silk banner. That banner
lasted until in the march it reached the plat-
form. Then it got caught in the push and it
fell. It was caught before it reached the floor
and was wrapped around the Prince, who pro
ceeded on the line, More idiots fired their
pistols again, The standard bearers clustered
at the platform, This time they carried it by
atorm, and in less time than it takes to tell it all
the standards were high in the air in the very

centre.
At the end of fifteen minutes the yelling

was atill deatening and the breakaway
from. the platform was begun and the
standards £* slowly back to their places,
The band kept playing and the crowd
in the delegates’ seats continued
yelling. For the third time then @

march around the hall was begun with the
standards held hich up. This was led by two
Kansas City policemen, and it got along
without any difficulty, In their march the
standard of New York State was held highest
and New York led the Bryan procession.
Twenty minutes had elapsed when finally
there came a semblance of quiet. It was very
hotin the hall and everybody had ‘“‘peeled
as far as possible. The galleries were
seas of white, with a surf made by waving palm
leaf fans. All the men were in their shirt
sleeves, and the women were nearly allin white
shirt waists. Most of the delegates hadshed their
coats too, There wasa breeze blowing through
the hall, but it was high above the heads of the
crowd and served only to carry away the alr
that arose from the multitude
~ The demonstration, though nothing like as
great as the demonstration at Chicago four
years ago, when Bryan and the Pops first ocap-
tured the Democratic party, was a distinct re-
minder of that occurrence and the shooting of
vistols that was indulged in was a brand new
Feature, Even arter the twenty minutes of
noise the crowd was not satisfied, but for
the next ten minutes thera were spasmodo
outbreaks that appeared likely to keep up all
night While the velling was golug on two
men had been working their way out on two of
the fron supports over the middle of the hall to
a spot where a set of guy ro held up a pict-
ture of Bryan, which was med to be dropped
atthe moment that Bryan's name was first
laced before the convention as its candidate
bor President.

Half an hour had passed since the beginning
of the Bryan demonstration and the ex-
citement had not all died out when at
10:90 the chairman, in the midst of all the con-
fusion, puta motion toadjourn. He declared
it carried, though nobody heard the motion
and nobody voted. The adjournment was un-
til 10:80 to-morrow morning. When the exit
from the hall was begun the crowd was nolsy
and yelled still, and the hall was cleared amid
the greatest confusion.

 

NOTIFICATION COMMITTEES.

Members of the Committees Who Will Notify
Bryan and His Ranning Mate.

Kansas City, July 4.--The various delega-
tions selected their members of the commit-
tees on notification of candidates at this morn-
ing’s session of the convention, The com-
mittees will meet and elect their chairmen at
the close of the convention, The men who
are to notify Bryan are:

Alabama, ©. L. Lavretta; Arkansas, Jeffer-
gon Davis; California, R. F, Dellvalla; Colo-
rado, James Doyle, Cannectiout, Bryan F.,
Mahan; Delaware, E. N. Hearne; Florida, J,

FErnomett Wolfe; Georgie. J. T. Hill; Idaho,
fol. W. H. Dewey; Illinois, Andrew Welsh;
owa, A. M. Potter; Indiana, W._ H.
Kansas, 8, F. Neeley; Ken-
tucky, R. L. Suter; Louisiana, E.
McCahbb; Maine, John Scott; Maryland
Christy; Massachusetts, John J. Ogara; Mich-
igan, J. R. Whiting; Minnesota, C. 0. Hald-
win; Mississipp!l, W. D. Cameron; Missouri,
. A. Ball; Montana, Walter Cooper; Nebraska,

A. Creighton; Nevada, F. Newlands;
New H shire, J. F. Dowd New_ Jersey,
George Piiter, Jf; New York, Frank H. Mott:
it" Soe th, fe X°Deashertr: Oreson
. D, Allert; 0, . Daug! ; on,
* ‘Mf. ‘Veach; Pennsylvania, John A, tuifing
aro-

Ey,

Rhode Island, D. J. MoeC ; Bou
ina, W. B. Wilson; Sou Dakota, T. W. Taub-
an; Tennessee, W. W. Wallace; Texas, Wil-

fam Capps; U A. H._ Farbst; Vermont,
John W, Mecieary: Virginia, K. P. H. O’Bannan;
Washington, W. A. Mosier; West Virginia, H.
E. Chilton; Wisconsin, George Hilton; Wyo-
ming, Horace C. Algea; Alaska, W. M. Hale;
Arizona, B. A. Packard; Indian Territory,
James Gibbon; New Mexico, Macario Galle-
gos; Oklahom H. 8, Emmerson; District
of Columbia, J, Fred Keller; Hawaii, Prince
David Rawppenake,

The candidate of the convention for Vioe-
President will learn his hard luck through the
following-named_ gentlemen:

Ajabame. F. M. Tankersby; Arkansas, A. L.
Skillen; California, William MoFadeen; Colo-
rado, A. T. Gunnell; Connecticut, William L.
Hunting: Delaware, H. Harrington; Florida,
McDonald: Georgia,

R. D. George T. Cann;
Idaho, W. B, Mofarland: Mlinois, Reed Green:
Alathaway:

lowa, E. J, Murtagh; Indiana, M. N.
Paneer, M. W. Letson; Kentucky, W, P. Thort;
oulsiana, E, Howard McCabb; Maine, Harry
D. Stewart; Maryland, John Keating; Messe
chusetts, Charles D. Lewis; Mic’ lean, 4: A. Ellis;
Minnesota, Humphrey Barton; Mississippi, J,
$ "Renter; Missouri, W. D. Leeper Montana,
. E. Corbett; Nebraska, J elch; Nevad

rae Frazier; New Hampshire, J, F. Dowd:
ow Jersey, David C, Rater; New York, x. N.
f 0; North Carolina, Lemuel A : North

ota, Tho Regan; Ohio, D, L. Rockwell;
Oregon (not selected) Pen: William 8.
Th : Rhode ane George W. Greene;
South Carolina, J. A, Mooney; South Dakota,
Stephen Donatus: Tennesee, E. M. Holmes;
Teras, J. W. Blake; Utah, A. GQ. Herne; Vor-
ont, J. W. Mol ; Virginia, snot Rucker;
Yashington, K win; West Virginia, J.

B. West; Wisconsin, F, B. Hoskins; Wyoming,
R. A. Keenan: Alaska, William M. Hale; Arizona,
George W. H, Hunt; Indian Territory, James
Given; New Mexico; Macarie Gallegos; Okla-
homa, TL. Afll; District of Columbla, W, B.
Lord; Hawaii, John H. Wine.

THE NEW NATIONAL COMMITTER.
All of the Members Selected Except From the

State of Oregon,

Kansas City, July 4.—The names of the
members of the new Democratio National
Committee follow:

Alabama fenry D Clayton; Arkansas,
James P ( fark: California, M. F. Larpey; Colo-
rado, Adair Wilson; Connecticut, omer 8.
Cummings; Delaware, R. R. Kenney; Florida,
George P. Raney; Georgia, Clark Howell, Idaho,
k. M, Wolfe; Tlinoks, Thomas Gahan; Indiana,
Thomas Taggart; lowa, ©. A. Walsh; Kansas,

G. Johnson; Kentucky, Urey Woodson;
Louisiana, N. C. Blanchard: Maine, Arthur
Sewall; Maryland, Arthur Pue Gorman; Massa-
ehusetts, George Fred Willlams; Michivan,
Dd. J. Campay Minnesota D. O’Brien; Miasi-
sippl, A. J. Russell: Missouri, W J. Stone;
Montana, J 8S. McNeal; Nebraska, J. H. Dahl-
man, Nevada, Joseph R. Ryan; New Hamp-
shire, True L. Norris; New Jersey, William
D Gourley; New York, Norman E. Mack: North
Carolina, Josephus Daniels; North Dakota, J. B.
Faton; Ohio, John R. McLean: Oregon (blank);
Pennsylyania, J M. Guffey; Rhode Isiand,
George W. Greene; South Carolina, B, R. Till-
man; South Dakota, Maris Taylor; Tennesse,
James M. Head: Texas, R. M. Johnston; Utah,
David C. Dunbar. Virginia, P. J. Otey; Vermont,
John H, Senter; Washington, W. H. Dumphy:
West Virginie, John T. MeCraw; Wisconsin,
Timothy FE. Ryan; Wyoming, James E. Osborne;
Alaska, Lewis I, Williams; Arizona, John B.
Breathitt; Oklahoma, J. R. Jacobs; Indian Terri-
tory, Thomas Marcum; New Mexico, H. B.
Ferguson; District of Columbia, James L.
Norris; Hawali, Willlam H Cornwell,

Nominated for Congress.
Ricumonn, Va., July 4.—The Democrats of
the Fifth district met to-day at Rocky Mount,
Franklin county, and renominated Claude A,
Swanston for Congress by acclamation. The
Chicago platform was reaffirmed,

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.

RICHARDSON’'S SET SPEECH. |

16 TO 1 TALK OF A NEW KIND BY
THE PERMANENT CHAIRMAN,

 

Gives Sixteen Reasons Why the Republicans
Should Be Put Out of Power to Oue Why
the Democrats Should Be Pat In—He Talks
of Scandals—Says Trasts Caused a Change
About in the Porto Rico Tariff Bill—De-
clares That There Are Secret Alllances
With England and Gives Utterances to
Other Extravagant Ideas and Opinions,

Kansas Cry. July 4.—Following |s the speech
of James D, Richardson, of Tennessee, in taking
the chair at the permanent organization of the
Democratic National Convention;

I am deeply sensible of the great honor
you have bestowed upon me in calling me to
preside over this great Democratic Convention.
We have been clothed with the authority to
formally name the candidates who, at the next
election, are to be chosen President and Vice-
President of the United States; and to lay down
4 platform of principles upon which the battle
is to be fought and the victory won. With
your permission I will address myself to some
of the issues of the {mpending campaign.

The last great national contest for supremacy

was fought mainly upon one issue—that is
to say, one issue was paramount in the struggle.
That issue was familiarly called ‘16 to 1.’ It
involved the question of the free coinage of
gold and silver at a ratio of sixteen parts of
silver to one part of gold, with which we are
all familiar. The momentous issue this year
isagain 16 to 1, but the sixteen parta to the one
part of this campaign, which I will briefly
discuss, ate wholly different from those of
1896. I will first refer to the sixteen parts,
and then to the one part. These eixteen parts
are:
First—We have the {issue fraught with {n-
describable importance to our people, native
born and those who have for patriotic reasons
east their fortunes with us; namely, that of the
Republic against the Empire. On this one
part alone of the sixteen, if there were no other,
we confidently expect to win aeweeping victory
in November. The Republican party stands
for the Empire, Tbe Democratic party stands
for the Republic, for the Declaration of In-
dependence, and the Constitution of our
country,

Seoond—The paternal and fostering care
given by those with whom we contend to the
combinations of corporations and companies
into powerful organizations familiarly known
as trusta. Under three years of Republican
rule, while they controlled the Presidency,
the Senate and the House of Representatives,
that is, all of the law-making power of the
Government, trusts have been propagated and
fostered by legislation until they not only domi-
nate all markets, both the buying and selling
but defy the very power of the Government,
itself.

The farcical efforts put forth by the Re
publican party in an alleged attempt to restrain
them in the dying hours of the late session of
Congress only excited ridicule and contempt,
and served to emphasize their inability and
disinclination to grapple the monsters and
regulate their conduct and actions. No matter
what their excuses may be, the fact is their
policies have created them, and though clothed
with all power they refuse to enact legislation
to control them.

THE DINGLEY Law,

Third—Called to power March 4, 1897,
under a pledge to reform the currency, they
seized the firat opportunity to fasten upon the
land the highest protective tariff law ever put
upon the statute books of any country. This
law was enacted not to raise revenue, but to
give protection to favored manufacturers.
It failed to raise sufficient revenue for the
Government, but answered the purpose of en-
riching the favored few while it robbed the
many, and at the same time brought forth
trusts to plague us as Numerous as the lice and
locusta of Egypt. Their high protective tariff
is the mother of trusts.

Fourth--This Administration came into power
with asolemn declaration in favor of bimetalliam
and a pledge to promote it. It has failed to
keep that pledge. It has erected in its stead
the single standard of gold and has endeavored
to destroy all hope of bimetallism. In doing
this, it has built up a powerful National Bank
Trust, and has given us a currency based upon
the debts and Nabilities of the Government.
We stand for bimetallism and not for a mono-
metallic standard of either the one or the other

metal.

Fifth—The dominant party has recently
mada the fraudulent declaration that it favored
the Monroe Doctrine; nnd yet their President
and Secretary of State have done all in their
power to nullify and abrogate that famourand
much revered Democratic doctrine. In the
name of its Democratic author, James Monroe,
I denounce their vaunted advocacy of this wey
American doctrine as false and hypocritical.
Wa etand for this doctrine in its osaence and
form, and demand its rigid enforcement.

Sixth—-In ee to obtain place and power
they pledged theniselver, in the interest, of
an expanding commerce, to construct a water-
way to connect the two great oceans. ey
have repudiated this promise. They have
negotiated the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty, which,
while it virtually abrogates the Monroe Doctrine,
enders it impossible to bufld an American canal.

‘nder the terms and provisions of this treaty,
which 1s Fnalish and not American, be can
can never be constructed. We stand for
American canal, owned, constructed, operated
and fortified by America.

Reventh—They declared in their platform
that their party was responsible for the merit
avstem, that {t was their creature, and that the
Civil Service law should be protected and Its
operations extended. Their protegtion of this
Inw has been such as the wolf gives the lamb.
Thev did not dare onenly repeal the law or
to modify it by an act of Congress, but they
have insidiously, by an order from the President
extorted from him to aid tagee to one and
hold political power, groatly impa the
efficiency of the law. By the President's order,
many thousand Inucrative offices regularly
covered by the Civil Service law were taken
from under its protection, ane there pis
turned over to his parties, § lowers in @ vain
effort to satisfy their political greed.

Bghth~T y declared in D
in e admission of the

ET  ——————

jatform

avor 0 to-
ries of ew Mexico and Oklahoma,
as States of the Union, yet, after near-

ly four years of full power, they are atill
territories. Under the wicked rulé of law as
now applied by the Republican party to som

of our territories they may at an early date find
erected between themselves and the balance o:

the Union a tariff wall which will serve to pau-
perize them while {t enriches othera,

THE PORTO RICO TARIFF.

Ninth—When Congress last assembled the
President, in his first utterance, addressed to
the Representatives fresh from the people,
solemnly urged upon them that it was their plain
duty to give free trade to Porto Rico. His
party leaders, quick to obey his tnjunctions,
made ready to comply with his recommenda-
tlona. Butina night, almost in the twinkling
of aneye, the mighty magnates of the trusts
swept down upon Washington and interposed
their strong arm, and plain duty vanished like
mist before the rising sin,

he President wheeled into line, the Republi-
ean party reversed {ta policy and set up a tariff
wall between the island of Porto Rico and the
remainder of the United States, It Is not at all
surprising that in the recent somewhat lengthy
declaration of principles enunciated by the
party in convention assembled, while they
enlarged upon almost every political question,
they could not find the space to point with pride
to the achievements of their party in its deal-
ings with that unhappy Island. The Demo-
eratic party stands tor equal taxation, equal
rights and equal opportunities to all who come
under the folds of the flag

Tenth ‘They wholly failed by their legis-
lation or by the cheaper method of platform
declaration to tell the country what their policy
is in respect to the Philippine Islands. For

two years by their equivocating policy, and
no policy at all, they have continued in that
archipelago a war, expensive in human blood
as well as in money, Incompetent to deal
with this question and too cowardly to avow
their real purpose of imperialism and = mili-

tariem in dealing with these and kindred colonial
questions they should be retired from. power
and the control should be given toa pery honest,
bold and patriotic enough to apply American
theories and precepta to existing conditions,
and thereby solve them in harmony with the
undying princinles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and the Constitution of our country’ |
Eleventh -Another part of the issue of the
campaign this year is the scandalous dealings
of a high Cabinet officer with private banka
of the country. These scandals are notorious, |
and are based upon the earnest and repeate |
written demands of the officers of some of these |
banks that they should be favored by this Ad-
ministration because of money contributed
ncy

them with which to buy the Presi
j

| Conventions.

in 1806. Correspondence submitted to Co) 88
shows that in one case at least an appeal from
an institution in New York City to the Secretary
of the Treasury for financial assistance becuuse,
as it was claimed, the officers of that bank
had contributed liberally to the election of
the present chief executive was not made in
vain, and the asked-lor assistance in this case
from the Government was freely if not corrupuy

ven.
wi evelfth—The scandals which surrounded
the War Department in feeding embalmed beef
to the soldiers, in its purchase of old yachts,
tugs, ocean Ocean tramps, barges, scows,
fo. por Mae 6 army transports constitute an
m, it ter.

Fhirteenth—-Bo also the scandals in con-
nection with the Post Office matters in Cuba,
and the scandal in ponasouon with the expendi-
ture of the funds of the Paris kxposition. Time
= permit an amplification of all these

Fourteenth—They loudly proclaim that
theirs is the party of liberty, and in their vain
glory boast of their very name, ublican,
yet bry d are caught coquetting, and fgming
secret entang ances of the most de'
pple character, with be old mother Monarchy

ey stand su y and refuse even
expression of tymnethy with the Boer Re-

ublics in their heroic and unequal struggle
or existence as free men as agalist the gross
oppression and brutal efforts at enslavement
of the same old tyrant who went down in de-
feat when he sought to prevent the establish-
ment of our own liberty loving Republic. Lhey
thus it a brave apie, in love with their
free publican institu ons, to perish trom
the earth, lest by one word of sympathy and
comfort they might offend the delicate sensi-
bilities of their new-found ally—-Great Britain.
TALK OF SECRET ALLIANCES,

Fifteenth--An important chapter {s_ the
oft-repeated promise, made to be broken,
that when the war ceased oppressive, burden-
some and vexatious war taxes On many ar-
ticles of prime nevessity should be repealed
or reduced. ‘Though the war ciosed two years
ago and notwithstanding there is a large and
growing surplus in the ‘lreasury, not one dol-
jar of reduction in these taxes has been made.

it is known that delegation alter delegation
of citizens, suffering irom Wiese burdens,
crowded the committee rooms at Washington
and literally begged for some reliel. 1t is
true that those SPs who constitute the mi-
nority of Congress joined in that appeal an
declared our feadiness to support any an
all measures that might in some degree re-
move these burdens of taxation. But a doaf
ear was turned by the Republicans to all such
efforts for relief, and none came.
gies 7 wereaews also that Bo Folie <n pe

ven @ part wer, ani 3 0
over burdened” A "O look to them while
present po are attempted to be entorced.

The oni: for relief lies in hurling from
power the ublican party and the restoration
of the party which believes in simple and econom-
ical government.

TMB YEARLY APPROPRIATIONS.

Sixteenth, and lastly; The cost of Repub-
Hoanism and its twin monster imperialism.
This is neither the time nor the occasion to
i in detail the increased appropriations
necessary by the Republican policy of
imperialism. Briefly, however, 4 will mention
that the average of appropriations per yead

for all purposes of government for the two
years immediately pi @ Spanish-
American War was about $75,000,000, The

average expenditure per annum for each of the
three years since that war, including the fiscal
year upon which we have just entered, shows
an increase of nearly $300,000,000, The total
increase for the three years will be nearly
9900,000,000. And in like proportion it will
go on,

This shows the differencein cost of the Em-
pire as against the Republic, These figures
refer alone to the money cost of the change,
and do not include the expense of the bloo
of the American boys, the price of which is
far beyond computation. In the Republican
Congress just closed not One dollar could be
had Jor much-needed public buildings through-
out the country at home, but many millions
were promptly, voted to proseoiite a war in
the far-away Philippine Islands, Not a dollar
for necessary improvements of our rivers and
harbors at home, but millions to be stolen and
squandered in Cuba and our new insular pos-
sessions, Nothing for an Isthmian Canal,
and many other homé enterprises and objects,
= more than §200,000,000 were freely given

of the army and navy, for imperialism and the

tary, for gold and glory.
Lf eal gs the cutest the jones hip cer ™
D ol, ‘orego! efly the
afsteen parte the issue. “Av at is the one
par
We have seen that platform pledges are
made and broken; that good intentions of
mare many times set at naught; that plain
uty, clearly set forth and \ tood, is dis-
arded; t some men are weak and vacil-
atin , and may change their solemn opinions
It is apparent, ‘ore, to a}l that
exigency of the Republic a
mn. @oea forth, not for a faint-hearted
aration of platform plati but for a
man. Yes, a man who etands like a mighty
rock {n the t;a man, who knowing the right
will dare do the right; a man who, ‘rather than
follow a multitude to do evil, stand, lik
nomoes sllar, conspicuous by mself an

yo in y.

uch aman as the one part this Convention

will tender to the nation as their candidate for

Preaident—a man who is unsurp as a

citizen, unequalled as an orator, courageous

asa soldier, conspicuous in every element that
natitutes the typical and the true American,
Jilliama J. Bryan, of Nebraska.

 

THIRTY-SIX HOURS OF NOISB.

Frightful Din That Has Swept Over Kansas
City Day and Night.

Kaneas City, July 4-If Kansas City ts not
glad when this convention is over it will be be-
cause Kansas City loves noise more than any-
thing else. The town has literally been in an
uproar ever since before dark last night. The
fuss began just as the sun went down and there
appears to be no sign of a let-up. The thou-
eand hills that make up the city echo and re-
echo the noise of the 10,000 guns, twice as many
revolvers and a good many scores of cannon,
big and little. These explosions are accom-
panied by the musio of any number of brass
bands that march around seemingly with no
destination and seemingly coming from no-
where.

The streets are Jammed full of people; every
man has a pistol and is shooting blank car-
tridges. Up to this writing no ball cartridges
have been fired. The crowds are yelling and
bawling and the whole town is just about as
near bedlam as one can imagine. All of last
night the nolse kept up. Nobody seemed to
sleep. There certainly were people here who
‘wanted to sleep, but sleep was out of the ques-
tion, It was a howling, whooping, shooting

mob, out in ‘un and bound to get it. The
700 licensed saloons in town had bars crowded
seven deep, The unllce ones here and
across the State line {n Kansas were full to
overfiowing. The hotels were the centres
for bi mone that twisted and turned and pushed
and shou and cheered with no one to say
them nay, qua the condition was the same
at 2 o'clock in the morning as it was at 10 In
th ezoning and the same at 8 o'clock and 4
o'clock and 5 o'clock. It was the same in the
early hours of the morning, the same at noon.
smash! e ‘where.

e disturbance peas Cit
lappy and ia

& ib tl oF ie ould. ee h it all
a wou! @ to have it
though it reall me

ime, y does not seem possible
that they can be enjoying It. With all the
noise all the bluster and the pushing and
crowding it is as good-natured a crowd as ever
gather There are no fights to speak of

and the onlv differences of opinion are on the
question of politics, and they are fought out
in the windiest manner poasible. While the
crowd is a typical convention crowd and typi-
cal convention crowds epend practically all
their time talking politics, there are stacks
of people here who would rather celebrate
the Fourth than they would talk politics. Every
time an argument gn heated and draws an
unusually big crowd at any particular place,
there are always celebraters around literally
to hurl fire crackers among them and dis-
perse them. Political arguments, however,
wot so hot last night that eannon crackers
had to be used by the bunch to be effective.

Up to dark to-night there was no kind of a
letup at the rumpus and the prospecta are
that it will continue all night.

NO CHEERS FOR WELI-KNOWN
GATES.

DELE-

Crowd Unable to Recognize Any Leading Men
as They Entered the Hall.

Kansas City, July 4.—One of the particularly
noticeable things about the crowd in the con-
vention hall asit gathered! waa the fact that it
did not recognize any of the great men as they
appeared. Senator Hill, whose name

within an hour was on the lips of every-
body and who was howled for as no defeated
man was ever howled for in a Democratic Con-

vention, came in and took his seat without
apparentiy being noticed. The Hon. Richard
Croker, who for three days has been the man

that everybody wanted to see and that every -
body has done his best to see, was aot recog-
nized either, There wasn't a soul who came
into the convention hall who got a handciap
until Senator Jones himself mounted the ;lat-
form and rapped with his gavel for order,
The fact that he stood upon the platform and
handled the gavel made it evident to the crowd
that he must be somebody, and so there was a
little cheering.

For Senator Jones it may be said that he
called this convention to order almost on the
minute, a thing usually unheard of at National
he custom ig to eall the conven-
tion to order froma half to three-quarters of
an hour after the hour set for it to begin
Senator Jones had nis watch in his hand, ard
when the hour and the hand minute stood at
12 he banged onthe table as if his life de
pended on it.

   

 

IN THE CONVENTION HALL.

THE DECORATIONS AND ARRANGE-
MENTS IN THE MEETING PLACE,

 

 

Nothing Elaborate in the Banting—No Per-
traits of Leaders and No Plants or Flowers
The Seating Plan and Arrangement of
the Delegations— Outside the Halil the Sar-
roundings Were Circas-Like—Fakirs, For-
tame Tellers and Other Freaks on View.

Kansas City, July 4.--While Kansas City's
convention hall is as fine a convention hall,
perhaps, as there is in the country, the deco-
rations in it to-day were mighty slim indeed.
They consisted solely of American flags and
red, white and blue muslin, and there was not
much more than enough of either to go around,
The hall itself reminded one of the arena of
Madison Square Garden without the boxes
and with one less gallery. The seats are in
tiers, the lower~tier above the floor of the
arena being about six or eight feet high. The
delegates sit in tiers on the floor of the arena
eo all the visitors are well above their heads,
The platform from which the speaking is done
is alinost in the centre of the hall and Is raised
to about the height of the first row of visitors’
seats, All around the railing to the visitors’
seats the decorations consist simply of red,
white and blue muslin, with here and there a
pink shield or a muslin star with the picture
of the “cheerless leader” painted in the centre.
Directly in front of the platform a flag swings
on four bars on which are mottoes as follows:

“Government derives its just powers from
the consent of the governed.” “The Con-
stitution and the flag, ong and inseparable;
now and forever,” “The flag of the Republic
forever, of an Empire never.” “A republic
can have no colonies.”

At either end of the hall there are more atars
with Bryan's picture in the centre, Hanging
from the iron girders from end to end are
draped flags. The official band had a seat on
the south end of the hall in a regular band
stand and the unofficial bands which dropped
in at the most inopportune moments took
seats wherever they could find them,

On the cemented floor in the body of the
hall lght ash folding chairs for the dele-
gates were arranged in a great semicircle.
There were 300 chairs of the same kind on the
platform for members of the National Com-
mittee and distinguished guesta and their
wives. On a dais, near the front of the plat-
form, agreat leather chair and a stand had been

laced for the chairman. This raised plat-

orm was furnished with a carpet of brillian
hues and was festooned with red, white an
blue bunting

The seats for preferred ticket holders ran
around the whole house, in tiers, making a
regular orchestra circle, Most of these seats
were fixed opera chairs, walnut stained, There
had not been enough of these chairs to go
around, and the anCney was made good
with ash folding chairs. Above the orchestra
circle were three galleries in which the, seata
all reserved, were packed close. The top
section was right up under the roof, a mere
eyrie, Which promised to be as hot as mus-
tard under a midday sun, This gallery was
intended for holders of admission tickets, of
which a large proportion had been allotted to
Kansas City, There were afew loose chairs
along the rail in this section, and it looked as
if the enthusiastic citizens who could get no
other tickets would have to stand, sweat, stifle
and crane their necks. The indignation of
Kansas City over this shabby treatment was
entirely warranted.

Not a single portrait of @ pert y leader or
statesman appeared among the Lecotetions,
The omission was significant of a design t
carry in at an opportune moment a colossal
chromo of the candidate. Perhaps there were
no portraita of great Democrats use the
party has turned Populist, and faces of emi-
nent Democrats were not wanted.

Ushers, in the hour preceding the opent
of the convention, were conspicuously abeent
carly arrivals could not find their seats an

urdened the air with profanity. As the first
stream flowed into the hall it was evident th
atmosphere was going 7 oe oppressive. Al
the window panes h nm left out of the
facade and 4 of the hall to allow the breeze
to come in, but it only languidly moved the

streamers, and it was not apparent on the

floor of the hall.

The sections of the New York and New Sever
delegations were side by side to the left of the
chairman's

osk, and near enough for members
to catch his eye and make themselves heard.
The front standards, looking the chairm
straight in the eye, 80 to speak, were those of
the Tennessee, Maryland, Alabama, Michigan,
Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky if Virginia
delegations. Missouri, which had a claim to
consideration, was put off far to the right of
the speaker and on the very edge of the semi-
circle. Nor was peoreane, Mr. Bryan's own
State, specially favored, {ts standard being
{n the back rows, but {n front of the platform
The New England delegations were acattered
about the floor. Illinois and Pennsylvania
had geod positions to the left of the platform.
To Minnesota, Mr. Towne's State, had been
allotted a place side by side with Nebraska.
There seemed to be method in this

At the Republican Convention Pp Jue
delphia it was remarked that the flo

vlay was the prgaiect that had ever been seen
In a National Convention. ere it may be
sald that the floral display is the emallest ever
seen at any convention anywhere. here
was exactly one flower seen in the decorations
and that was a sunflower which was tied by
a stock to the standard of the State of Kansas.
Besides tale there was one sitthe ee wee’

which some admirer of the Mayor o

ansas City presented to him after he had

concluded his speech welcoming the conven-
tion to the clty.

The most noticeable thing about the
vention to-day was the absence of police
men, In Philadelphia there were 1,200 police-
men in and around the convention hall. Here
the total force was seventy-elght. It was
natural, therefore, that there should be much
more trouble in getting into the hall here than
there was in Philadelphia. But for all that
the seventv-eight policemen did their work
well and there was a minimum of disorder.
The crowd seemed to understandthat the
panes City. police are men who know their

usiness and they didn’t try to monkey with

them.

Outside the convention hall the scene re-
minded one more of a big country cirous than
it did a convention. There were numerous
tenta there which would have done very well
for the side show tents for any one of the nue
merous greatest shows on earth. There were

inger pop galore, pink lemonade, peanuts
pananas and fruit by the acre. In one tent
was Uno the Snake Charmer wifh a big si
outaide, “He eats live rattlesnakes. n
another was Jessie Green, and the. tremendous
transparency annourred that Jessie was the
“Kansas electric wonder” and that she had
a “wonderful long-horned steer, one of the
last of ita race,” that everybody ought to go
and see quick, There were fortune tellers,
palm readers, massage artists and fakirs o
all clesegs and conditions. The co kk
them well in check.

At the close of the morning session of the
convention the confusion was added to by
a wild Western parade which included ;fatrie
schooners, the original old mall coaches that
used to travel across the plains fifty years
ago, coach boys, steers herders, Indians, both
bucks and squaws, and of them velling,
howling and shouting until you couldn't hear
yourself think,

   

“INTERESTED LADIES.

Working in a Good Cause.

“In the Institution where I am emploved as
nurse (The Home for Aged Women) we find
moany ladies suffering from gastrio trouble
caused by coffee

“My own personal experience {s that sincea
ehild I havel been a moderate drinker of coffee
but most of the latter years have suffered from
acidity of the stomach, sluggish liver and nerv-
OUSNeSsS,

“IT finally gave up coffee entirely, about three
years ago, using hot water in {ts place. Of
course, after removing the cause, the symptoms
disappeared, but I seemed to needa beverage

more strengthening than hot water, as my oc
cupation of nurse required considerable exer-
tion. I began to look about for a suitable break"
fast beverage nnd undertook the preparation of
one by browning some wheat berries and using
that as coffee, but the result was far from satla-
factory, Finally | came across Postum Food
Coffee, ona visit at my home in Roselle, N. J
and found it exactly fitted the case

“T have been using it regularly and introduced
ittoour institution. When it was first served,
it was not satisfactory, but I looked into the
matter and insisted upon having it boiled fully

fifteen minutes after the actual boiling had
started, not counting the time that it was on
the stove before bouing began. The next time

itapreared you would not think it was the same
article, it was so much improved. Several of
the patients decided to use it to the exclusion
of coffer and I found that its use reduced the
number of cases of indigestion. The regult has
been very wratifying, and for two years now
fostum Food Coffee has been in daily use at the

ome

“Mrs Matilda Seaver and Miss Anna Merrill
are desirous that their names be used to help
forward the good cause. My mother has been
greatly helped by the dscontinuance of coffee,
She was formerly subject. to cramps, but they
have entirely disappeared since she has aban-
doned coffee and aie up Postum F: Ci \
Respectfully, Miss E. Stryker, Eilaabeth, a