VD SOUNDS THAT MAKE THE

SA ‘
oor MEBTING INTERESTING.

pimculty of Opening the Proceedings With
prayer When & Brass Band Wants to Per-
form at the Same Time ~Tomporary Chatr-
man Thomas's Pecultar Style of Oratory
_& Methodist and a Baptist Preacher Have
a Little Joke Over Bryan- Jim Ham Lewis
“ts in the Convention—Troables of the
Dronken Man’s Enthusiasm.
Kansas Crry, July 4.--The preacher who
syed the convention this morning had a
po bard time getting through with his

Ge
omcers A

taht
poe er. He had hardly begun when one of
S s prowicial bands took It into tts head to get
a ‘the bh I) was a band from Indiana,
= (jt proposed to show Kansas City folks and
ay t everywhere else on earth that
I diana had @ musical piece of its own. The
‘he leader was luside the door he gave
me oe and the thirty. or forty wind ine
a : began to toot “The arenas alone
t Lhe preacher prayed on bravely
ev wan tt wi Work. Not a word he sald
wy there was @ chorus, “Shs,”

{ be beard
Fit einer the hall, and people in the hall
ond velled for it to stop, but when
-‘band gets loose playing @ Hoosier
well try to stop a evclone,
’ slong the Wabash” played
ioe preacher prayed sturdily, At
as the band reached the entrance
i garden, Lhe tune Was finished. The
. choned off before it started a fresh
it when the praver was over it whooped
S\camores” again, and then the In-
delegation deaped up and, with waving
ved and yelled until they had very

leit

Gov. Thomas, the temporary chairman of
the convention, {8 rather long, rather thin,
rather bald and rather near-sighted, He is
not up to the standard, His speech was long,
lively it was interesting, but there were
ao people in the whole ball who heard
sentences of it consecutively. Now and
«old hear a whole sentence, but the
wafted away by the south
ould be the end of it. He
wd @ man reading always
cetera. when he speaks Irom memory
terporah oll) He seemed ty realize
i Was ion and he was anxious to get
through with it. The result was that even if
his voice had been big enoush to fill the hall
his words Were so Cun together that they could
hot have beep  tnderstood, One of Gov,
Thomas's peculiarities is that when he goes to
em) asive a sentenea he springs up an down
pn his ows and nis voice wabbles with his opera-

4

wht as
res

a

 
 

 

 

yer
no!
two
then yor ¢
me would be
» and Ua’
peal [is Speen

 

 

 

 

 

isso that a part of a word may be loud and
» part unintelligible, Mayor Rose of Milwau-
kea, who Was 4 candidate for temporary chalr-
man, has atauel) better volee than that of Gov,

i Mayor Rose was beaten by Gov,
as by a few votes, To-day he had the
on of escorting the man who had licked
yw platform

  

ati
th

The convention had not been in session very
long to-day when the Rhode Island delegation
arrived headed by a banner: “We are for Bryan
and Lentz of Ohio."| Mr, Lentz's boom, if the
reception the banner received, was any criter-
fon, is Just about the size of the State of Rhode
Island that carried it. There wasn't as much
a+ peep from any of the delegates, The banner
passed in ul acknowledged, but not unnoticed,

Fiven the preachers have their little sport out
here occasionally, Two of them attended the
convention to-day, one was 4 Baptist and the
other was @ Methodist. Said the Baptist
preaclier to the Methodist: “I suppose you know
that Bryan has turned Baptist?” “No,” gasped
the Methodist preacher, “that can’t be.”

Nevertheless, that’s true,” said the Baptist.

‘Oh, no," said the Methodist preacher recov-
ering himself, “no, that can't be true. Why, to
be a Baptist, you have got to be totally {m-
mersed, haven't you?”

Certainly,” said the Baptist,

“Weil, then, it can’t be true,” said the Metho-
dist. “Do you suppose that Mr. Bryan would
consent to disappear from the popular view
that long?”

There are delegates from two parts of the
country who are red hot for expansion, These
men are from California and the Pacific slope
States who see in the new American posses-
sions wonderfully increased business for their
States and the others are from the South. The
peop!* in the South are expansionists, so the
delegates said to-day, because they want &
market in Asia for their cotton and because they
are Americans and they want to see America
take her proper place among the nations of the
world,

One man who is never absent from a politl-
cal or any other kind of a convention, is the
man who thinks it funny always to prevent any-
thing being unanimous. When a whole conven-
tion stands up and roars “Aye,” and the chair-
man in a perfunctory manner says: “Those
opposed, no,” this idiot always bawls “No.”
While he is never absent, it is very seldom that

there {s ever more than one of him ata con-
vention, no matter how big it is. There was
just one at this convention to-day, and when
Chairman Jones put the question on the ap-
Froval of the National Committee's selection
or temporary Offloers, this one crank witha
fog horn voice bawled “No.” He got a laugh,
as he always does,

The Hon. J. Ham Lewis got in on the ground
floor to-day, whiskers and all, and bronght
his boom with him. This is in spite of the fact
that the man who holds the proxy of the
national committeeman of Washington cab-
baged all the tickets intended for the dele-
gates and refused to give any toJ. Ham’s men,
J. Ham came in at aside entrance and when he
was direotly opposite the chairman's seat,
made a flying leap upon the platform an

lumped himself down amid a bunch of fem-

ne posies that made that side of rhe. plat-
form pleasant to look upon. The ladies all
welcomed J. Ham and J, Ham welcomed them
and told them about his boomlet.

 

 

The maddest man in Kansas City to-day
Probably was the Hon, Harry West, Preaident
of the far-famed Gridiron Club of Washing-

ton. Mr. West is on the staff of the Wash-
ington Post. As has been stated in THE Sty,

the man who had to apportion the seats for
the newspaper men was Mr. G. M. Hitchcock
of the Omaha World-Herald, which |s Bryan’s
organ and of which Bryan himself used to be
the editor, Mr. Hitcheock, besides being an
editor, 's a candidate for United States Sen-
ator of Nebraska against Hayward. Mr.
Hitcheoek prides himself on what he knows
about newspapers as well as what he knows

about politics, When he picked up the a
bl seniow of the Washington Post, Mr. Hiteh.
OOK Sih

Weshington Post? Never heard of it. That
Must be a paper of no consequence.”

The Woehington Post,” said one of Mr. Hiteh-
ends, “why that Is Beriah W.Wilkins’s

  

ikins" sald Mr. Hiteheock, running his
fingers through his hair, “Never heard of
Im either; who's he?”
Why, vou must know the Washington Post,”
Said his friend again, “That's the paper that

Frank Hatton used to write for.’
Oh” said Mr. Hiteheock, “oh, that paper,”
and atter this explanation was made Mr. West

Succeeded in getting a ticket to the conven-
ton and a seat back in the suburbs somewhere.
The first delegation to get in to-day with a
banners : that from Arizona. The banner
was of bine silk, andon it was printed in golden
letters the “We favor Statehood
nit. Plank, St. Louis, '96,”
s had this banner on along pole
ed tightly to their State stand-
Wher cut off the vigw of a lot of people
ito see what was going on on the
sentences referred to a plank
biieen platform four years ago.

weonteance:
i r the Torrie
and
ari

  

  

W)

ald}

le Mr. Hitehooek of the Omaha World-Her
: never heard of the Hon. Beriah Wilkins'a
rashington Poat, it ia evident to-day that he

had ne de f the Wapwallopy Sentinel, the
anit er, the Communipaw Clarion
: ine le Sterter, for the representatives

ol ,
in ¢ Bryan organs had choice seats
tion hall

eution for the second time in
ry a threat was made to clear the
National Conventions it is per-
t* for people to make a noise
‘hey are making the noise in the
‘ny one man it is particularly their
vuntil thes get wood and tired,
demonstration to-day the tem-
Brae rie ‘ the convention made a
/ whieh he said that if there was

or disturbance of the

: ') the  q@allories, he would
hens lenved. He ke particularly at
\ 4 oO’ advertisements,

‘pened their mouths
» he would have them

& ' \

    
 

 

  

th *) torance vecalled a scene at
Sereces {40 Convention four years ago when
Weet-4rrnaas Joho L Martin took the

rr ee eT
|

re ee

fpanagerment of things im }is own ds and
poreate to put outalot of people. Of course,

d not do it and it could not have been done
to-day, if the chairman had tried, but there
would have been a heap sight more fun if he
had tried even than there was.

The singing of the chorus of the “Star-Span-
gled Banner” on the floor of the convention hall
was led by “Bath House John” of Chicago in
the central part of the arena. The Bath House
looked immense in seersucker coat with a pee
@reen and white-striped shirt, pompadour hair
and blue polka-dot necktie, the dota being
one-half inch across. He carried a silk flag in
one hand and a cane in the other and he waved
both as he shouted out the words of the chorus,

 

The olerk who read off the list of the Creden-
tials Committee appointed by the various dele-
gations stumbled over the name of Prince David
Kawanakakoa of Hawali. When he came to
that hesaid: “David Ka—Ka—Ka—Ka—Ka—Ka—
Ka.” Then he got red tn the face and said: “I'll
re {tup,” and roared out “for member of the

ommittee on Credentials Prince David of Ha-
wail,” whereat there was loud cheering in this
Anti-Imperialist convention. Prince David
by the way, bas been appointed a member of
the Nattonal Committee from Hawaii.

After the uproar over Senator Hill was
quieted a man up by the front rail in one of
the galleries nearly started another demon-
stration all on his own account. He was well
dressed, good looking, and about 50 years
old and it was said he had been cooling off
with a superfluous abundance of mint juleps
or some other seductive summer beverage.
The deafening noise for Hill apparently had
Inspired him with a desire to have some more
excitement of the same sort. He leaned far
over the rai] and, waving his hat in a wide
sweeping circle, began shouting “hurrah,
hurrah, hurrah!” He was hurrahing for any-
thing and anybody. He was just hurrahing.
His voloe had a fog horn timbre that at once
asserted supremacy over all other laurels in

that end of the hall.

Something lke a solid
of people looked around for a moment be-
wildered, Then they caught aight of the hur-
raher. He kept at it without intermission,
There were one or two shouts of “Put him out,”
but they got no encouragement. The audi-
ence was altogether too good natured to take
a plain case of drunk in any other way than
humorously. There were cries of “Louder,”
“Louder,” from all quarters. Those near the
drunken man were roaring with poy and
were ceging him on. A tall, bearded man,
with a wide hat, who looked as {hough
he might hail from. Texas, snatched a bright-
colored sun wobrella from somebody's hand
and, opening it, held it over the drunk’s head.
Another man got a bottle of beer from some-
where and held it before his face. That was
the only thing that silenced him. He seized
the beer bottle, glued its nozzle to his lips and
threw his head back while the beer trickled
down his throat and all over his chin and shirt
front He could not hurrah any more, but
he went through the pantomime of wavin
his hat above his head while the audience yell
with delight. Before he could break loose
again somebody caught him by the shoulders
and hustled him back out of sight.

SPECTACULAR THINGS

uarter of an acre

WENT AWRY.
Bryan’s Bust, Declaration of Independence
and ‘Star-Spangled Banner"’ in a Jamble.

Kaneae City, July 4.~-Of course the feature
of the morning session of the convention waa
intended to be the solemn reading of the Deo-
laration of Independence, A resolution had
been prepared providing for the reading of
the Declaration and it was read and the quee
tion put by the temporary chairman. The
motion was carried. At just that mument
two husky men climbed up on the platform
each with a big bundle in his arms wrapped
in the American flag. The general idea was
that these men had got a copy of the original
Declaration somewhere and had had it en-
graved on stone and were bringing it in to be
read. They were welcomed curiously. The
first of the two put his bundle down on the
floor, end up. The seoond of the two put his
bundle on top of the first bundle, also end up,
and then he took out some pins and let fall the
flag that wrapped them. Thencameinto view a
white plaster bust of the “Boy Orator of the
Platte.” Instantly there was a tremendous
yell Some of the women folks said, “Who
is it?” and some of the more enthusiastic women
yelled, “That's the man who wrote the Declaras
tion of Independence.”

It was some time before everybody recog-
nized that it was the image of the “cheerless
leader” that was on the pedestal, and then
there were cries of “Turn him around! turn
him around!" from those who had seats back of
the platform. A sergeant-at-arms with Jim
Ham Lewis whiskers was obliging. Walking
over to the statue, he grabbed it by the base
and by the back of the head and turned it slowly
first one way and then the other. The yells of
“Turn it around! turn it around!” continued
The sergeant-at-arms turned it again. As he
turned the bust toward the south he pushed
forward the hand that held the head and made
the figure bow; as he turned It to the west he
made it bow again; as he turned it to the north
again he made it bow, just lik» the showman
makes Mr. Punch bow after ue has banged
Mrs. Judy over the head and out of sight. When
this sergeant-at-arms had finished making the
plaster Bryan greet the crowd and had made
his way down a blond-haired lady who had
occupied an inconspicuous place on the piat-
form was assisted up to a seat directly behind
Senator Jones and directly behind the bust.
AY © is she?” asked everybody.

“RKobesplerre’s goddess of reason,”
gested one man’s solemn voice.

he woman was Miss Mattie Edyle Bowen,
of ton, N. Y., who was to sing the “Star
Spangled Banner” after the Deciaration had
been read But to get back to the reading of
the Declaration itself, that was done by a clerk
who was fully impressed with the importance
of his job. He had studied the Declaration
so that he had it almost completely memorized
and he declaimed it in a manner that thoroughly
deceived many of the delegates and most of
the audience. When the reading was half
through, many of the delegates whispered:
“Who is that speaking now?”

One Indianlan said:

“Who did you say it was speaking?”

When he was informed that it was a man
reading the Declaration of Independence, he

said:

“Doing what? Why, that ain't the De-
claration of Independence, is it?”

“That's the Declaration,” sald his tnform-

ant.

“Well, gee,” said the Indianian, “I wish I
had listened to the first part of it.”

With mighty gestures this secretary con-
tinued to declaim until he had finished the doc-
ument. Then there was mild applause. The
singing of the “Star Spangled Kanner” was
to ave been a tremendous feature, too, but
the acoustic properties of this convention hal
do not appear to be as fine as they might be,
and while the voice of the young woman who
sang it was good and strong and full,in the big

lace It sounded weak and canary-bird like,
Bhe sang it well, but her votce did not come
anywhere near filling the hall. Then she had
hardly begun on the second verse when an
unofficial brass band made up its mind to divide
attention with her andstarted tooting "There'll
Bea HotTimein the Old Town To-night.”
The band, however, tired before the ainger.
When it came to the chorus of the verse some-
body yelled, “Help her out, boys!” and the
a crowd etarted In to sing “And the Star
Spangled Banner in triumph shall wave.”

The strains of this had hardly died out when
from up in the gallery back of the platform
the twenty-five living schoolboy advertise-
ments of one of Mr. Bryan's organs announced
in tones that they were from that Empire State
and were advertising that paper. Right on top
of that there carno more howls for “Hill! Hil
Hill!”

Altogether, whatever else may be said in
this particular, it was atime of action, It was
followed by the tremendous demonstration
for ex-Senator David B. Hil

In the midst of the demoustration there was
a tremendous commotion in the Maryland
delegation. The Maryland delegation was
taking some part in the Hill demonstration,
so when a tall man rose from the delegation
and began to roar in a vety loud voice that
nobody could hear and to gesticulate and grow
red in the face the chairman and. every one
else had an idea he was saying something about
the demonstration He ‘climbed upon. the
standard of his State and roared and shook
his fist and he kept it up gee it did not come
out until after the lemonstration was
over that he was offering a resolution giving
a vote of thanks to the young women who sang
the “Star-Spangled Banner,” and making a
spoech in support of that resolution, asserting
that it was peculiarly appropriate that such a
resolution should come from the State of Mary-
land because the “Star-Spangled Banner” was
written in Maryland.

Bryan's Daughter Comes to See Him Named,

Kansas City, July 4,--Miss Ruth Bryan,
daughter of W. J. Bryan, arrived last night
from Lincoln, Neb., to attend the convention
and witness the nomination of her father for
President of the United States. Miss Bryan is
a very young girl, searcely more than a child,
and is the eldest’ child of the candidate for
President. Mrs Matthew 8. Foster, 1202 Euclid
avenue, will entertain Miss Bryan during her
star in Kanens City

| thanks to the minister “who
| magnificent prayer

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.

ALLIES (SILVER REP.) MEET

AND ASK THE DEMOCRATS TO ADOPT
THEIR MAN TOWNE.

 

Committee Appointed by the Little Conves-
tion to Confer With the Big One and Fix
Up the Ticket-Senator Teller Tompo-
rary Chairman—He and Towne Speak—
Party May Name Iteelf After Lincola.

Kansas Cry, July 4.--Without wasting any
time over the usual preliminaries of a conven-
tion, the Silver Republicans got down to bual-
ness to-day by authorizing the Alon. Aenry
M. Teller, Senator from Colorado, and tempor-
ary chairman of their convention, to appoint a
committee of fifteen delegates, with himself
as its chairman, to wait on the Democratio
National Convention and urge the nomination
of the Hon. Charles A. Towne of Minnesota as
the Democratic candidate for Vice-President.
This action was taken on the advice of the
Silver Republican National Committee, and
was the result of the conference which was held
on Tuesday by Chairman Jones of the Demo-
cratic National Committee, Senator Teller
of the Silver Republicans, Senator Pettigrew
for the Populists and a number of other states-
men representing the Democrats and their
allies, as the Silver Republicans and the Popue
lists call themselves. The committee was
also authorized to talk the whole situation over
with a committee of the Democratic convention
and the Pops andto recommend action, Whate
ever its suggestions may be, it is safe to say
that they will be followed out to the letter by
the convention, which is almost as wikdly en-
thusiastic for Col. Bryan as it is for Mr. Towne,
whose Name was greeted with cheers whenever
it was mentioned.

The convention ts sitting in the Auditorium
Theatre. The seating capacity of the orches-
tra and first baloony is about one thousand
persons and when noon arrived to-day, the
hour at which the delegates were to be called
to order,’nearly every seat was ocoupied. There
were delegates from seventeen States and two
Territories, and as the afternoon passed dele-
gations arrived from other States until the
total represented was about twenty-five. The
States whose delegations were in their seats
at noon were Arkansas, California, which had
the front at the right of the stage; Colorado,
whose Senator, Henry M. Teller, who bolted
the Republican convention at St. Louis in 1396,
was slated for temporary chairman; Idaho,
Tlinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan,
Minnesota, Missour!, Nebraska, North Dakota,
Ohio, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah and the Ter-
ritorles of Indian Territory and Oklahoma.

The delegates seated themselves in fag-
draped chairs about the boxes. On the walls
were American flags and strips of bunting
in profusion. The stage was draped with
the national colors; on one side of {it was the
portrait of Col. Bryan and the delegates as
they arrived pointed to it admiringly. On
the other side was the portrait of Mr. Towne,
who was himself busy arranging the prelim!-
nary work of the convention while the dele-
gates were arriving. The delegates caught
aight of Mr. Towne and of his portrait at about
the same time and none of them neglected
to give a cheeror else to shout out “Hurrah
for Towne,” as they made thelr way to their
seats. In the rear of the stage was the por-
trait of Abraham Lincoln, whose true follow-
ers the Silver Republicans matntain them-
selves to be. Each delegate wore a big blue
badge on which was inacribed !n sitver “Silver
Republican Delegate.” These badges were
pinned to the wearer’s coats with medallion
portraits of Lincoln. Most of the delegates
also wore red silk badges bearing the names
of Bryan apd Towne and buttons with the
Minnesota ex-Republican’s picture on them.

There were a number of women among the
delegates and a few young men, but the ma-
jority of those tn the auditorium were men
past middle life, whose hair was gray or ab-
sent, and who wore long and venerable beards.
Senator Teller, who was on the soene early,
was much sought by the delegates, all of whom
wanted to shake him by the hand and advise
him as to the proper action for the convention
to take. Many of the gray-haired delegates
confessed that they were a bit hard of hear-
ing and besieged Gen. E. D. Corser, the Treas-
urer of the National Committee, to provide
front seats for them, so that they should not
miss any of the details of what was said on
the platform

The Minnesota delegation had promised to
bring along a band to furnish musio during
the convention, so the National Committee
made no arrangements to supply one from
Kansas City. The train on which the delega-
tion and its band came in was an hour late, so
in the afternoon there was nothing to amuse
the delegates exoept the situation. They
were sure that Towne was to gobble up all of
the nomination for Vice-President that had
not been awarded already and they wanted
to have him speak. Every little while some
delegate would yell for Towne. Instantly
the cry would be taken up all over the house.
Mr. Towne was very busy holding conferences
and he had no time for speechmaking, so he
would ignore the yells for him and his friends
would run around through the house begging
the delegates not to kill Mr. Towne at the out-
set by making him speak all the time, but to
give him an opportunity to live so that he could
fill the office of Vice-President, “to which, with
the help of God, we will elect him,” declared
one man who was trying to save the candidate's
throat.

After it became apparent that Mr. Towne
could not be prevailed upon to speak the dele-
gates clamored for Senator Teller, Mr. Hart-
mann and Mr. Van Vorhis, All of these de-
clined the invitation and at length the dele-
gates became so impatient it was announced
that there would be a delay of only ten min-
utes longer and that this delay was made be-
cause the Minnesota delegation, headed by
the convention band, was then on ite way from
the station. This served to keep the delegates
quiet until the band arrived.

When it reached the hall tt was at the head
of a procession of Towne,men who had brought
their lungs with them. The band went up in
the gallery. The delegates filed down on the
floor, The Minnesota Travelling Men's Club,
whose members wore gilver silk badges eighteen
inches long, bore a big oil-painted banner on
which were the pictures of Bryan and Towne
This was set up at the back of the stage facing
a big oll-painted banner of Col. Bryan, which
had been set up in the middle of the orchestra,
As soon as the Minnesota contingent got to

their places Mr. Towne start in to call the
convention to order, Before he got an oppor-
tunity to do so John Brady of Minneapolia,
one of the ablest poets in that city, Jumped up
on a chair and demanded that every man from
Minnesota should join in chanting:

Towne, Towne, Towne, he willturn the cowboy down,
You want to remember, he'll skin him tn November,
Towne, Towne, Towne,

The Minnesota men gelled this with a great
deal of enthusiasm. When they had got quiet
Mr. Towne started in to open the convention
again. Kefore he could do so A W. Stubbs,
one of the prominent verse-founders of Kansas
City, got on the stage and yelled this at the
convention:

Who are the men of great renown?

William Bryan and Charles A. Towne,

‘That's the ticket gold gannot down.

Then give three cheers for Bryan and Towne,

Then Mr. Towne banged with the gavel
made of etm from a tree planted by Lincoln
and a piece of a plank from the Lincoln dining
room. The delegates made one more demon-
stration of their devotion to Mr. Towne and
then permitted him to speak. He introduced
the Rey. Dr. Bigelow of Cincinnati, who offered
prayer. Dr. Bigelow’s prayer was that right
and justice might prevail among the rulera of
all nations Hore is a sentence from it: “In
the name of eternal justice we ask of you only
that measure of liberty which we are willing
to accord to our weakest neighbors.

When Dr. Bigelow uttered this nine-tenths of
the men in. the convention began to cheer, and
it was fully a minute before the clergyman
could proceed. When he concluded his invo-
cation there were no amena, but in their place
there was a great. burst of oheering. This
cheering was more like that which follows the
fall of the curtain on a melodramatic tableau
than anything else. It rose and fell and nearly

a

died away and then broke out afresh, os though |

the delegates wanted to have the clergyman
repeat himself Dr. Bigelow looked rather
surprised. An Mlinois man got up st once and

tt convention adopt a vote of
propgees, thet ole ad made such a
delegates rll stood

The

ae 7 a ee ae rf fai es ADAG

 

band pla the “Star S; d
Bas ae Moet of rsh Se. stood wh le
this was being, played.

 

Secretar ocraney pegs the call for the
©0 vention and Stanley E. Parkhill of Michigan
rea@ the Declaration of Independence. he
band played “America,” and the delegates
sang the first stanza of it. Then an I) noe
delegate got the floor and earnestly said that
he hop . Parkhill would make it clear

that he had read the Declaration of 1776. “lest
the delegates be accused of disloyalty to th

resent Administration at Washington.” A
joe peigentes considered this a rare joke an
aughed at it.

Mr, hewne introduced Howard 8. Taylor,
City Solicitor, “the foe of this latter movement
for human liberty,” who had a hand-made
ode which he was to read. Mr, Taylor Pe:
aced his } some remarks about the
degeneracy of the Republican pare. He
attacked Senator Hanna, called Senator Depew
“Chaffy’ Depew, said that Senator Wolcott
of Colorado was a contortionist and that Gov,
Roosevelt “has shed Fey ink and less bi 00g

any soldier since days of Bapcio Panza.
This was the kind of stuff that the delegates
wanted, and they yelled for Mr. Taylor to go on
in prose and let his poem wait. Mr, Taylor
wanted to get that poo off his mind and |
insisted on reading t. Here are some sample
gtangas from it, the title being “The Liberty

poe

Gravely plain phe ood pen lined ft,
nd the fifty-six all signed tt,
ledged their lives to seal and bind ft,
True and well.
Then sudden from the steeple
Clanged the tocain of the people,
Spoke the sum of history's pages,
Pealed the thought of saints and sages,
Rang the keynote of ages,
In the bell
Human rights how do you measure?
By your pity or your pleasure?
Bp your truth or by your treasure?
Answer weli,
Has your conscience grown leas ample?
Has the mart become your temple?
Pagan Pluto your example,
False and fell?

The delegates liked the poem and wanted
fim to give them some more like te. He did
not. Mr. Towne then made his speech open-
ing the convention. He said:

(GENTLEMEN OF THE CONVENTION: I con-
gratulate you that it {# your privilege to wit-
ness the auspicious opening of the 124th an-
niversary of the birthday of the Republlo;
and that a day so rich in the hallowed sugges-
ay! of our peculiar citizenship and in price-

memories of our national history is here
dedicated to one of the most important and
solemn duties that can devolve upon Ameri-
cans. I congratulate you also upon the character
which you are assembled. A Silver Repub-
can Convention is always a meeting of pat ots,
because it is composed of men who by thelr
actions have shown how superior to party
allegiance they hold the obligations of citi-
zenship, and how far above the allurements
of personal ambition they place the progre
of a great cause and the welfare of the whole
country.

“For us, as former members of the Republican

ty, an especial though now melancholy
Interest attaches to the Declaration of Inde-

ndence for the reason that when the firat
National Convention of that party assembled
in the historic city of Philadelp forty-four
years ago last mon inevitable associa-
tions of the place and the then noble sentiments
of the ty caused the adoption of a platform
ail the following is the first clause of the
resolution:
ofved, That the tyaingenance of the princi-
ples promulgated tn the Declaration of [nde-
dence and embodied in the Federal Consti-
Bition ia essential to the preservation of our
republican institutions.”

“a few daye ago another convention of the

ublican party met In the city of Philadel-
. the date being selected as near as poasi-
le to the anniversary of the convention of
1856, But mark this startling and most alg-
nificant fact: In all the numerous resolutions
so skilfully framed by this convention of 1900,
there appears not one resolution, not one word,
not one syllable of reference to the Declara-
tion of Independance. Could anything more
clearly {llustrate the decadence of that once
splendid and patriotic organization? The
sacred precincts of the old colonial capltal
sheltered. for them no shade of Washington
or Jefferson or Henry or Otis or Rutledge or
Adams. For them there was no magic in the
name of ‘Philadelphia,’ whose very utterance
has been wont to atir the souls of four genera-
tions of Americans with memories of Inde-
pendance Day, 1776.

“The present leadership of the Republican
arty has revolutionized the foreign policy o
he hovernment. and whether, as we have
abundance of evidence for believing, there
ie a virtual alliance between the United States
and Great Britain at this moment or not, cer-
tain it is that in the words of Washington we
have left ‘our own to stand upon foreign
ground,’ and that such an alliance must in-
evitably be the issue of the present diplomacy
of the Administration if persisted in.

Mr. Towne’s speech was reoeiyed enthusi-
astically, The band played and the delegates
cheered when he sat down. As soon as they
stop Mr. Towne presented Senator "Taller
as the temporary chairman, describing him
asthe “Grand Old Man of Colorado,” hand-
ing to him the Lincoln gavel, which he
sald was made by Lincoln Dubois, a brother
of ox-Henstor Dubois of Idaho.

Mr. Teller made a long epeech. He beg
by saying that grave questions of foreign an
domestic policies had grown out of the Spanish
war, but they could not obscyre the great and
unsettled question,”“What shall be the financial
system of the Republic.” He criticleed the
gold standard legislation of the last Congress,
spoke of the blessings of silver generally,
and at length said

“The Republican party haa thrown off its
mask and no longer pretends to favor even
international bimetallism, It is well that it
should do so, for the pledge of 1896 was made
to secure votes, as was frankly admitted by
leading RepubHeans as soon as the campaign
was over. The speakers at Philadelphia in
nominating their didate glorified in the
gold atandard and claimed as one of their great
achievernenta the destruction of silver money.”

fle declared that the p nt prosperity of
the country was due alone to the need of Europe
for foodstuffs in conan upno of short cropa
there. and that no credit for it could be given
to the Republican party. Then of the trusts

he_ said: ee
“W it to sustain the

Pave fixed th all their f
ices they have ey close e °
a reduce their output and turn thet a-

bo into the street to secure employment
elsewhere, if t and if not alte to do
that, to starve, With'a power more than {m-
perial, they fix the price of their product and
the price of the labor that enters Into the crea-
tion of the product and create a scarcity or

a surplus as their interests demand, without
consideration of the rights or interests of the
laborer or consumer, Demanding for them-
selves the full protection of laws of the lan

they bid defiance to all and every law enao

to compel them to deal justly with t em-
ployees and consumers, With a United States
statute for their control declared by the plgh-
est court of the land to be constitutional, the

Republican Attorney-General declares that
the great trusts are beyond the power
of the courts and can not be restrained in their

work of spoliation of the public. These great
trusta their only defenders in the ranks
of the Republican party.

offictals

Many Republican
io not hesitate to 1A'
are the natur

declare that trusts
evolution of trade and are a
national blessing, and they resist all efforts
for their control as an unjustifiable interference
with trade.

Getti around to the Foittopine question,
Mr. Teller said it waa gur plain duty to exercise
sovereignty over the islands until they were cap-
able no only of self government but until they
were capable of protecting themselves, but ho
thought that we should pledge ourselves to
make them not when they were capable of
the kind of government that we thought they
ought to have but as soon as they could set up
any form of government, it being his theory
that a people fs entitled to just as good govern-
ment as it [s capable of maintaining.

Senator Veller closed as follows:

"T belleve the door is yet open, I believe
there is yet hope, L belleve Bryan represents
the best element of American polities, 1 be-
lieve that Bryan with his courage and wisdom
will lead the Democratic party into the true
light of freedom and a proper administration
of the afaira of this Government, He is a
true man and stands for all that is of interest
to us, and he and Charles A. Towne will lead
to victory.”

The Senator sat down and the delegates
got up to whoop for Bryan and sopne. hey
yelled and cheered at the tops of their voices,
dancing about in the ajsles and standing on
the sweata, They wav hata, handkero ne
and flage. Then Gen, Ooraer, secretary 0}
the National Committees, presented this reso-
lution

“Resolved, That a committees of the fiftean,
of which Henry M. Teller shall be chairman
be now appointed by e chairman, instructed
by this convention to present to the National
Democratic Convention now_in session the
name of the Hon. Charles A. Towne of Minne-
gota as the unanimous choice of this conven-
tion for the Vice-Presidency, and this commit-
tee be also inatructed to ask on behalf of this
convention the appointment by the Demo-
cratic Convention of a committee so. instructed
to meet in conference with the committee heceoy
appointed and with a like committee whic
shall be appointed by, the National Cefhmittes
of the People’s party

This wae recetved with great enthusiasm
and was adopted unanimously. Then Judge
Philips, the head of the Calfornia delegation,
offered a resolution indorsing the action of
the populist National Convention in nominat-

ez Brran and Towne. He wanted to instet
that this should be adopted so that the Demo-
eratic Convention could be informed “where
the hearta of the Silver Republicans are.”
He waa finally induced to withdraw it because
the convention was not organized

The convention adjourned till 10 o'clock
to-morrow when the Committee on Creden-
tials will report, the permanent or@anization
will be effacted, the platform will be adopted
and candidates named, The Illinois delega-
tlon will make an effort to have the party name
changed to “Lincoln Silver Varty,”

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses
are more fully and ably treated in Tae Sun's
news columns than in any other medium. Ade
vertising thus becomes more valuable In 73
fun for oDvious reasons. Remember this, —.

 

SOUTHWESTS’ LOST MINES.

SEARCH FOR THE RICH PEG-LEG HAS
COST MANY LIVES.

Has Been Found and Lost Again Four Times
—Only One Man, a Mexican, Got Much Good
From It, and He Was Mardered-Indian
Superstition Keeps Some Mines Hidden,

There comes a time in the life of every desert
prospector in the Southwest when he has to
@o forth and look for the famous Pegleg pia-
cers. In some oases one experience is suffi-
clent, and if he is lucky enough to corne through
it alive he is satisfied to let others do the hunt-
ing thereafter. Then again, the disease may
become chronio and he is known in the campe
upon the edge of the desert as a “Peglegger.”
No one is surprised if he disappears utterly,
because that is the general fate of the Pea
leggers who do not have the luok to die by
accident within the jurisdiction of a coronor.
Every winter men take up the quest.

Few mineral regions in the West are with-
out their legends of treasures found and lost,
Up in Wyoming there is the “Lost Cabin;” tn
Washington men hunt for the deposit that
SohiMlin, the Diamond King who founded
Tombstone, discovered just before his lonely
death. Somewhere around Mono Lake in
California lies the Whitman mine of which
Mark Twain wrote in the book that made him
famous. Southern California has the Brey-
fogle and the Gunaight in the Death Valley re-
gion; there is the Lee in old San Bernardino
county, the Pegleg and the lost mines of the
Spaniards in San Diego county, with many
more whose very existence has been forgotten.

Among lost mines the Pegleg ocoupies a
unique place in that !t has been found and
lost again at least four times. It has been
hunted for in California, Arizona and across
the line in Mexican territory, Ita story is a
record of tragedy, and the number of its vir-
tims will not be known until the desert, like
the sea, gives up its dead.

In 1837 a trapper named Smith, who was sub-
sequently known as “Pegleg,” because of an
accident that left him with one leg, started
from Yuma for Los Angeles. The old trail,
which {s still travelled, zigzags westward along
the Mexioan line between infrequent and un-
certain water holes, until it climbs out of the
desert, north, by Warner's Pass, over the Pal-
oma and so down into the fertile Mission grants
that now form the orange belt of California.
Somewhere east of the pass Smith lost hte
trail in attempting a short out and climbed
the highest of three low hills to regain his bear-
ings. While reconnoitering he picked up some
lumpe of ik and burned looking metal with
which thet was litterally covered which
he sup) to be native copper. ears after-
ward showed the “copper” to a miner, to
whom he related the incident. The stull was
pure gold, Pegieg, on learning what he had
found, promptly went crazv with excitement,
developed brain fever and died. But the story
gol out, of course, and the search for the Pew-
jeg treasure began. A nulnber of men were
in possession of clues, and had they as that
time combined their knowledge, something
might have been done, but the secretiveness
of prospectors on the track of a good thing
stood in the way, so each followed his own
path to a common failure, Others men, with
no clue Whatever to guide them, wusted blindly
to luck and overran the rugged and wateriess
wastes to no profitable end. Then by chance
theglegleg was again discovered,

A discharged soldier from Fort Yuma lost
the Los Angeles trail and met with an exper-
jence Bimilas to Smith's. Clumbing one of the
three low hills to cateh sight of Warner's Pass
he found at lis feet the same biack and burned
looking metal, but the soldier knew what it
was. Loading himself with as much as he could
carry of the coarse gold nuggets he made his
way to Los Angeles, He told his story there
to every man who took his tancy, promising
them fortunes with the generosity of an auto-
crat in his cups, and asserting that there was
goid enough on the hill he would lead them to
to make a regiment of millionaires, Presently
the soldier and his gang started back with a
big outut of mule teams and waggons,

for some reason that can only be guessed
at, the party did not strike back through War-
ner's Pass andoutby the old Caroso Springs stage
station, HOW @ Jicturesque ruin, Probably
the country in which the Pegleg was found
was not passable for vehicles from the pass,
and they decided upon a shorter route. Be
this as it may, hot one of the party was ever
awain seen alive. For years their fate re-
mained one of the tnnumerable mysteries of
the desert, until one day some prospectors
whose burros had stampeded came upon the
skeletons of men and mules in the foothills
of the Cuymaccas that overlook the madden-
ing desolation of the Salton Sea, Tradition
has it that one of the skeletons had a bullet
hole through the skull. It may have been the
soldiers, whose gompanions, lured to their
death, were probably ripe for any violence
when their plight waa discovered,

The next finder of the Pegleg was a Soboba
squaw. it was when the Southern Pacific
was building across the waterless wastes from
Yurna to the San Gorgonio Passo--through the
Purgatory of the desert to the Paradise of ir-
rigated California beyond, One day, when
the rails were down as far ae Salton, a half-
naked squaw crawled to the construction train
from the plasing south, They gave her water
and saved her life, though she was delirious
for a time. Knotted in a handkerchiet she
had several pounds of the burnt black gold of
the Pegleg, some nuggets of which she gave
to the engineer. She had left the Sobola res-
ervatiof, on the edge of Warner's ranch, with

 

her buck to go to the Kookapah settlement
down below Yuma, noar the Blythe colony.
They had somehow got off the trail east of the

and had run out of water, At last sh

d ascended the highest of “Trois Picachos=
(three peaks, or hills) and from it had seen*
the amoke of the construction locomotive,
miles away. On this peak she had picked up
the nugeers: on the way to the rallroan her

“man” wiven up and died of thirst, All
efforts to get further information from her
roved futile, As she recovered she refused

> talk and in a day or two went back to her

own ple. Every Southwesterner knows
the futility of asking an [ndlan anything about
gold. Their strongest eusperstition is to the

effect that to lead a white man to a gold field
involves not gan physical death, but spiritual
torments in the hereafter,

The only person who appears to have got
any good out of the Pegleg was a Mexican,
a -riding vaquero who punched cattle
and herded horses on Warner's Ranch fifteen
or twenty years ago, This Mexican suddenly
appea with great wealth. wore gorgeous
raiment, bucked every monte game between
the Agua Calalente and Ensenada, and lorded
it over the dark-eyed damsels of his race,
Whenever his funds ran low he left Warner's
ranch alone and returned in two days with
a few thousand dollars in the burnt black gold
of the Pegleg. which he deposited with the store
keeper at the ranch. Gold—that is, placer
gold — has an individuality of its own, and an
experienced miner can tell by looking at a nug-

et just Where it was found, provided, of course,
rat ne has worked the same ground. And
there is no mistaking the Pegieg gold, whioh,
ob top, where it has been exposed to the action
of the sun, is as black 4s slaw. .

Of course attempts were made to follow the
Mexican, but he rode the best horse in the
south and at a certain point his pursuers al-
ways lost him, From this point he was in-
variebly absent one day, 80 It 18 certain that

the Pegleg is half a day's ride or less trom the
place where the trail disappeared. He did
not Live long to enjoy his prosperity. A Mexi-

ean with whom he quarreiied carved him with
a knife and he bever spoke alterward. He
left $4,000 in nuggets and coarse gold at the
rauch store, and the store keeper speut years
in a futile effort to relocate the lost bonanza
It was through him that many of these tacts,
now published for the first time, were obtained.
The storekeeper finally gave up the searci,
but other men, less fortunate, have left their
bones on the desert, One of these was ‘Tom
Cover, ex-Sheri? of San Bernardino county,
who started up @ ecafion on foot, leaving his
companion to wait for him in a buekboard on
the trail. Dead or alive, Cover was bever seeu
again, though his trignds organized searching
arties and left no stone unturned in a vain
effort to recover his body

To one who knows nothing of the country it
would seem a simple matter to reloocate the
Peales. aut there are hundreds of square miles so
broken that the prospector cannot see fifty
yards in any direction, and to lose his bearings
means death by thirst, It is a volcanic region,
broken and sown With ashes and lava; a mioormy
waate where death and silence stand guard
over the hill of gold 7

The Lee mine has a different history, though
none the less tragic. Years ago Old Man Lee
came into San Bernardino and recorded a
quarta location, describing it as nearly as he
could in the absenve of a survey. He hired a
man to help him develop the ledge, and Irom
that time forward until his death made period-
{cal visits to town to buy supplies and ship the
bullion that he brought in, tor he reduced his
own ore by means of an arastra, fie was a
sociable man, had many friends, and made no
efforts to concea! the whereabouts of his bonan-
ga. There are men still living in San Bernar-
dino whom helinvited to come out andlook at
the property, for which he received numerous
offers, Ex-Gov Waterman, who founded
Jylian, waa eager to buy a haif interest in the
Lee, but the owner gave it out positively that he
would sell to no one, For that reason, and
because the location was remote and diMftenult of
aceess, no one ever want out there

One night Lee left san Bernardino to return
to his mine, and was pleked up hext morning
just outside the town with a bullet in his heart,
The object. of the murder was not robbery,
as asum of money and a valuable watch were
found on the body. The assassin was never

SSS

a. Lee had remarked in wre, that his
em loves at the mine was above

soa , Including the p' ‘ator,
started at once for the mine, T failed
find it, nor has it been found to Py, In
time the location became void, an Gov,
Waterman published a standing offer of $40,
000 for a half interest in the mine, without
investigation, to be paid to any one who found
it. But mine, mac! ner. bulldings and on
have disap utterly, nor was the er
employed by Lee ever heard of . It is
wenerally believed that when the ¢ shaft
relocated the skeleton of the miner will be foun

t the bottom, f those accidents that con-
stantly - happ n under ound having killed

mn

Pothetes : 4
y the Deblards @ cen

When the Indians arose and wf

they filled in the

the trall,but they know where

é eye peo ore t the

spo r, 10! 0! ut on

joumer he became frigt tened and turned back.
here is also a mine in the Gila

Indian started to uncover to f,

cently, but he, too, yielded to hia superstition on

the road and could not be induced to go on.

 

THE BATTLE OF CEDAR CREEK.

Gen, Forsyth’s Thrilling Story ef Sheridan's
Memorable Victory,

To THe Eprron or THE Stn—sSir; An article
entitled “Sheridan’s Ride,” by Gen. George
A. Forsyth of the United States Army, now a
resident of Washington, was published in
Harpir'a Magasin. tor July, 1867, and from It
oan be obtained in a concise form as fair and
correct an account of the battle asanything that
has ever been presented on the subject,

Gen. Forsyth was one of the two aldes-de-
camp (the other being the gallant Capt. Joseph
O'Keeffe, who was mortally wounded at the
battle of Five Forks, April, 1866) who accom-
panied Gen. Sheridan to Washington, whither he
had been suddenly summoned by the War Depart-
ment on the 17th of October, two days be
fore the Cedar Creek battle. Immediately after
the Washington interview Gen. Sheridan, with
his two aides, lost no time in returning to the
army {nthe Shenandoah Valley. On his arrival
at Winchester, late in the afternoon of the
isth, he sent a despatch to Gen, Wright at
Cedar Creek, in command of the Union forces
during Gen. Sheridan's absence, notifying
him of his return and requesting any informa-
tion of importance to be sent to him without
delay. Everything was reported to be quiet,
@ strong reconnoissance having been ordered
to go and develop the enemy's position. So
the General and his staff went to bed that night,
never dreaming what was in store for them
on the morrow,

Gen. Forgyth graphically relates all that
happened after word was brought about day-
light the next morning from the picket line,
south of Winchester, of hearing firing at the
front. From this time until late at night, after
the last gun was fired, Gen. Forsyth was ap
uctive participant in all the stirring events
of the desperate contest, receiving orders
from nis chief and delivering them to com-
manding officers on the batdefield; helping to
fight the Nineteenth Corps; holding aloft the
color bearer's flag in the thickest of the fight,
as ho was mounted and it could be seen the
better, and in every way was in close touch
with Gen, Sheridan and with the army's move-
ments, His story of the battle, ginning
with the historic twenty-mile ride “from Win-
chester down,” and ending with his counting
the number of cannon captured (forty-four
pieces of artillery) by dismounting his horse
and placing his hand on each piece because
ot the darkness of the night, that he might
give an accurate report to his General on his
return from beyond Strasburg, 1s full of thrill-
ing interest,
ft was Forsyth and O'Keeffe who rode side
by side just behind Gen, Sheridan as he pi
along over the road at a furious pace on his
splendid black charger Hienzt, followed by a
large escort of picked cavalrymen, Gen.
Forsyth’s vivid description of thig ride and its
details and all that took plaoe until the Union
army was again victorious, stands out like a
moving picture, Due credit is given to Gen.
Wright, to whom Gen, Forsyth was sent by
Gen. Sheridan with orders to move forward
his corps and attack at once, and whom he
found wounded, having been shot under the
chin early In the Coy.

Just before Sheridan reached the line +4
Getty’s division of the Sixth Corps he w
recognized, as Forsyth relates, “by the troops
and was greeted by a storm of cheers, and
wild cries of Sheridan! Sheridan! while standards
seemed to spring up out of the very earth to
greet him.’ few minutes later Forsyth
was on the skirn - line by the side of Col.
Charles R. Lowe p commanding the regular
Cavalry brigade, when Lowell asked, “Is Sheri-
dan here?’ Yes.” “Thank goodness for
that,” Iowell exclaimed. At the same time
Mr. Btillson, the well-known war correspondent,
rode up and made the same inquiry. “He is
here.” was Forsyth's reply, “Well, what is
he going to do about it?” asked Stillson, “He
is going to whale hell out of them!” was the
answer, “He can’t do it,” said Stillson. “Walt
and you'll see,” re lied Forsyth. “I hope I
may,” responded the oorrespondent, “but I
doubt it,” and he turned and rode back to find
the General.

It was Gen. ewe who ougaested to his
commander, an gotually ur, im after
the whole line was thoroughly formed apd pur
in readiness for attack, “to ride down it tha
all the men might see him, and satisfy them-
selves that he had returned and waa in com-
mand,” “At firat Gen. Sheri demurred,
but his appearance was greeted by tremendous
cheers from one end of the line to the other,
many of the officers ing forward bak
his hand. He apoue to them all, o ly an
confidently, saying, ‘We are firing k to
our camps, men, never ad on t a by
on these peop! . tm out o}
their boots before the day {ts over.’

At no time, Gen. eays, did he hyper
him utter that “terrible oath” ao often allu

d poetry in

to in both descriptions
of this day’s work

And 0 {t came to pase t the enemy was
“raised out of his boots” aoe “twist ” vas ‘ot
on thone, “peop : wikoh reraeed in Derr
rout, and one 0: 01 cen ctories
of the whole Chet hee Wed it net been for
Gen. Sheridan's op rraee, arepre t. ia
staying the onslaught of ly’A an n@-
street's elated and triumphant for bring-
{ng order out of chaos, {nspiriting the Union
troops, turning them baok fi the enemy,
forming their lines and getting ¢ in fi@htin
trim, the consequences, unquestionably, woul
have been most disastrous to the Union army
and the nation.

To attempt to rob Gen. Phil. H, Sheridan
of the credit and lory which justly belong
to him for the bal le of Cedar Creek ts ogliah.

New Yorn, July 2.
AT THE AQUARIUM.

Creatores*From Bermuda andj From Local
Waters Lately Added to Its Exhibits.

"The Aquarium received on Friday by the
steamer Trinidad the first of its importations
for the present year of fishes from Bermuda.
It is to reoeive three more in the course of the
season. The lot received last week did not
contain flahes of any kinds that have not pre-
viously been exhibited here, but there were
some examples of finer coloring or of larger size
than any heretofore seen here

There were in the lot a dozen Scotch porgies.
It isafamiliar fact that many fishes possess
the power of ohanging their coloring more or
lees; the Seotch porgy has this power toa re-
markable degree, and tt changes rapidly. Or-
dinarily itis of a light color, gray in its pre-
vailing effect, and with a marbleized appear-
ance, the marbled sides being also so marked
asto give them an irregular mosale appear-
anee. Sometimes the Scotch porgy isall of
one color, a pale green; sometimes ft 1s all of a
pale pinkish tint. There may be among a
bunch of them with marbled, mosaic, gray
sides, seen together, one green fish, and it may
that that green fish will change to
mosaic while you are looking atit, in a minute
ortwo, ana they change vari usly from dark
shades or the other way with equal rapldity.
The graze that they most affect in this tank
matoh the gravel on the bottom, but one or
more of these fishes are Ilkely to be changing
color atany time. These specimens are about
a foot in length

In this lot of fishes there were two beautifully
colored sturweon fish and three fine specimens
of the trunk fish, thej curious armored flab
whose body, cut through transversely amid-
ships, would show a triangular section. There
were six spiny lobsters, good specimens of this
odd, lwlt-colored, fancifully marked creature,
with its big, long feelers, shaped like very much
atienuated fools cape There were four yellow
wrunts, a beautiful litte fish, with its parrow
longitudinal stripes of blue on each side
and its many slender little diagonal yellow
stripes. There were three blue parrots,
all bigwer than any the Aquarium has
had before; cight angel fish, including
the largest avgel the Aquarium has ever
had, adozn of four-eyed fish, the obarming
little creatures with a dark spot on either side
of the body cloa» to the tad, which gives the
fish, with its real eyes, the appearance of being
tour--yed. There waa one hog filah, which hasa
snout somewhat resembling that of the pig and
besides some other minor specimens of various
kines, including squirre! fish, spot anappers and
hind fish, there were four green parrot fishes of
g.coloriag even more brilliant than any o

~ seen here,

 

NEW

 

be

aR
nA

+

\J

G aN

 

If the air of liberty has made
too free with any of your be.
longings, here are clothes, shoes,
hats and furnishings for man or
boy—the sort to stay by.

Roeers, Peer & Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 9 Warren Su

6469 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1260 Broadway, cor. 324,
and 54 West 33d St

We @ ccoam

   
  

CONVENTION OFFICIALS USELESS.

Deputy Sergeants-at-Arms so Filled Up the
Aisles That Delegates Had to Protest.
KAnsaS City, July 4.—The man who had the
hardest job in the convention to-day was John
I. Martin, the sergeant-at-arms. He had to
getall the kicks that were coming to Hitehcook
and others who managed things In oonneo~

 

tion with the convention kverything
would have been right and people could
have heard what was going on {f the

aisles could have been kept clear. A part of
sergeant-at-Arms Martin's job was to keep the
aisles clear. He didn't discover until the
morning's session was half over that the men
who blocked the aisles were his dep-
uttes. Whoever appointed the deputy
sergeante-at-arms and the ushers must
have thought that more of these officials
were needed than there were delegates,
Every deputy sergeant-at-arms and door-
keeper had a badge that let him go anywhere,
The reault was that instead of attending to

business they «all crowded up in the
main alsies, shutting off the views of
the delegates, and talking so loud that

there was no possibility of anybody hearing

anything. At last National Cormmitteeman
Lowe of the Alabina delegation was forced te
makea motion tiat the sergeants-at-arms be
forced to get out of the aisles. Sergeant-ate
Arms Martin hac !wen doing his level best to

bring that abou!
him to tackle, o:
matter.

hut 18 Was too big a job for
foe anybody else for thas

SULZER'S DWINDLING BOOM.

The Declaration for Keller Disturbs but Does
Not Dismay Its Owner.

Kansas City, July 4.—After tho New York
delegation came out for the Hon. John W.
Keller for candidate for Vice-President yese
terday afternoon the preas agent of the Hon,
William Sulzer made an official and, needless to
say, a modest statement. He said tn part:

“The action of the New York State delega-
tion may defeat the nomination of Mr, Sulger
in the convention, as Mr. Sulzer is disinclined
to have his name presented by any delegation
from any other State. But in my judgment
the convention will take the matter in its own
hands and will ses to it that Mr. Sulzer ts nomi
nated as Mr. Bryan's running mate, or tha
some man who stands for everything Mr. Sul-
zer does is put on the ticket. This fa no tlme for

gompgomise. This fa no time to mince words,
The Democracy of the country will stand n
trifling and the action of the New York State
delegation will not satisfy the people of the West
and the Southwest, who demand the nomination
of a man in every way as pronounced tn his
views on all public questions as Mr, Sulzer is,
Sulzer to-day is one of the great men of the
country, and his brilliant rd in Congress
has appealed to the masses of the land. Just
what the convention will do, of course, I cannot
predict; but my Judgment [s that Mr. Sulzer is
stronger and more available now
waa before.
“This aft

an he ever

oon State delegations from _ the
West cauc d unanknously deo in
favor of Bie Boe mation. eas egation rom
one 0 @ est States in the West says it
Sotermined to pominate Mr. Sulzer in the con-
vention, notwithstanding Mr. Sylzer’a positi
refusal to beacandidate. Mr.
known in the country to-day as Mr,
he has en himself to every Liberty-loving
citizen by splendid record he has made for
freedom and humanity.”

WILL HELP TO WIN WEST VIRGINIA.

Middle-of-the-Road Ticket a Good Thing for
the Republican Party.

Pargenssvro, W. Va., July 4.—The West
Virginia Populista to-day put the following
Middle-of-the-Road ticket in the fleld: For Gove
ernor, H.T.Houton, Monroe county; for Auditor,
W.C. Raleigh, Wood county; for State Treas-
urer, John Brenner, Hampshire county; for
State Superintendent of Schools, T, E. Ashburn,
Doddridge county; for SupremefCourt Judge,

Col, J. W. Davia, Greenbrier county. For
Presidential Electors—-First district, J,
Y. Gillespie, Braxton county; Second
district,

Dr. R. 8. Davis, Hempehire county.
For Congtess—First district, Dr. T. Johnson,
parrison county; Second district, Edgar Loy,

ampeshire county; Third district, 8 A. Hutehe-
son, Fayette county; Fourth district, A. B,
Thorn, Roane county.

The convention was down on Bryan. The
nomination of this ticket greatly increases the
anges, of Republican success in the State
next fall.

Prohibition Candidate for President Makes
His Opening Speech in Saratoga.

BaraToaa, July 4.--John G, Woolley of Chi-
cago made the opening speech of his campaign
for the Presidency on the Prohibition ticket at
the Senatorial and county conventions of his
party this afternoon. His political argument
was interspersed with prayers and religious
references. Charles E. Robbins of Saratoga
waa nominated for Senator from the T'wenty-
eighth district and A. F. Van Vorst of Burnt
Hills for member of Assembly from Saratoga
county,

Massachusetts Democratic Legislators Repu-
diate Gov. Fred Williams and 16 to 1.

Kanaas City, July 4.--This evening, on the
floor of the convention, Ex-Senator David Ben-
nett Hill received a telegram, of which thisisa
copy:

“RosTon, Maas, July 4.—Democratic mem-
bers of Massachusetts Legislature yesterday re-
pudiated Williams's advocacy of 16 to 1. They
are with you to the finish. James F. MULLEN.”

Seven of the Original Bryan Men on Hand.

Kansas City, July 4—The seven orig!nal
Bryan men are here. They come from Weeping
Water, Neb. They are W. L. Cundiff, J. H.
Holly, Fred Brown, R. P. R. Miller, Ed Falloon,
R. T. Metcalf and Fred W. Race. Race said to-
day:

“There are seven of us who first started
Bryan on his political career. Wefirst brought
him out for Congressman of the Second district
of Nebraska.”’

THE LIFE OF A GAS STOVE.

 

The length of time a gas stove may be kept
in use without repairs depends, of course, upon
the care taken in operating It. A reckless ser-
vant may ruin a gas range as rapidiy asshe
breaks of aset of dishes. Instruction in ita
use and oversight of the way the stove ia
handled are necessary at first A little early
training of aervanta in this particular will roon
make it seaond nature for them to treat the gas
range as it should be treated. Then there
comes in the question of manufacture and
rice. It does not pay to buy @ gas stove that
3 too cheap any more than it does to buy any
other instrument in daily use too cheap sew
dollars added to first cost will save more dolar
in repairs, and save disappointment and! ba
temper besides Getting the right make to
start with—and there are plenty of first-class
makes in the market now and seeing thata

an rapes je used with Intelligence, t can

pended upon for a surpris length of time
without the seed of M b