fn

 

 

LERT TO THEIR PATE.

Foreign Army in Pekin Too Small
to Save the Envoys.

LITTLE HOPE FOR THEM NOW.

Reported Still Fighting on July 1, bat
in Desperate Straits.

 

TIEN-TSIN IS IN DANGER.

 

90,000 Chinese Moving on the Town and
140,000 Bar the Way to Pekin

 

Admirals Consider That It Would Be Suicide
te Move Toward the Capital Without 50,-
©0@ Men and Transport—Washiogtoa Prac
thoally Abandons Hopes of Minister Con-
ger's Safety -Ramors That All Foreigners
im Pekin Are Dead Bring Cries of Ven-
geance From Europe-Japan Ready to Far-
nish the Needed Troops, bet Ressia Is Said
to Veto the Move-Diplomatic Circles Dis-
cussing the Possibility of the Southera
China Viceroys Breaking Away From Pekin
and Forming a New Chinese Empire.

Specta’ Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Lonpon, July 4.—Europe confesses iteclf
helpless In the face of the Chinese situation,
and accepts as inevitable the most infamous
tragedy of modern times. Hundreds of men,
women and children who are at the mercy of
the bloodthirsty mob in Pekin are to be left to
their fate because the Christian nations do
not know how to rescue them. The bitter con-
fession of impotence which comes from the
commanders of such forelan forces as are
now at Taku does not call for any rebuke from
the rulers of Europe, because the witof man
finds no escape from the awful dilemma,

The’ people and governments have been
hoping against hope for the past few days. It
was thought that some threat, some argument,
some oujolery would be found which would
stay the hand of the barbarians. The British
Forelgn Office clung to the {dea that something
might be accomplished through Li Hung Chang,
scheming corruptionist though he is, This
idea, it ts understood, has been abandoned.
Nothing remains save the poor consolation of
the proverb "While there is life there is hope."

The last word te that the beleaguered Euro-
peans, who numbered originally 2,000, are now
eadly reduced. They were stiil holding out
three days ago, but their ammunition was then
almost gone, and nothing apparently could long
delay the final slaughter,

While the nations for the moment stand
aghast, there 1s arising already such a ory for
vengeance that no government, not even that
of Russia, can resist it. The Russian press,
indeed, has been the first to speak, and the wrath
which it voices is the sort which demands blood
for blood and massacre for massacre. It is
fortunate, indeed, for the history of the human
racé that the rage of the nations will have time
to cool before the revengeful blow can fall, for

. the talk of Europe to-day is only of reprisals.

It is briefly reported from Shanghai that
news from Pekin, of date of July 1, has reached
there through Mr. Warron, the British Consul,
at Hankow, that the Europeans were still

’ besieged in the British Legation. They had de-

fended themselves desperately and with some
success, but their position was almost hopeless.

The decision of Admirals Aloxteff and Sey-
mour that it ts Impossible to advance to the
teliof of the Kuropeans is declared to be based
on the conviction that with the 20,000 men
whioh form the total available force at present
it would be suicide to attempt to reach
Pekin. It is believed that there ara 140,000

Chinese = troops between Pekin and
Tien-Tein, while Gen. Nieh, witn 90,000
men, is reported to be approaching
Tien-Tsin. Even if the 20,000 foreign troops

were able to cut their way through the Chinese,
it is moat improbable that they would be able
to returo with or without the members of tha
legations,

Naval and military officers at Shanghal are
represented as estimating the necessary
strength of the relief force at 60,000 men, with a
transport that would render them absolutely
independent of the country. There is no near
prospect of any such force being available,

Actual news from China beyond the merest
rumor is most meagre. Adrairal Seymour. tel-
egraphs from Tien-Tsin under date of dune 30
as follows:

“A Chinese courier has arrived from Pekin
with a message dated June 24 which states that
the Europeans are gathered at the British le-
gation, They have sufficient provisions, but
ammunition lescarce, One city gate near the
legations is held by the Europeans with guns
captured from the Chinese. Five of the marine
guards have been killed and an officer wounded.
There has not been much sickness aa yot. The
Chinese inundated the country near Pekin yes-
terday Wune 23) from the Grand Canal with the
object probably of defending the city froin an
attack from the southward.”

A despatob to Dalziel's News Agenoy from
Shanghai of yesterday's date says harrowing
Stories are coming in of the situation of the
legations at Pekin, The European guards
originally numbered 428 and were under com-
mand of Capt. Thomandi Montalmer of tho
Austrian cruiser Zenta. They lost heavily and
the killed of all nationalities are lying unburied
in heaps. Jtis believed that many members of
the Tsung-li-Yamen perished inside the bulld-
ing when the maddened Germans get fire to it
after Baron von Ketteler’s marder. The cor-
r-spondent adds that the Chinese state that no
foreigners are now alive in Pekin.

A despatch to the Times from Shanghai of
yesterday's date says the Consuls have received
atelegram from Chefoo, dated July 1, which
communicated a message sent by courier from
Pekin on June 25 by Sir Robert Hart, the Direc-
tor of the Chinese Imperial Maritime Customs.
This message was to tho effect that the British
legation was under a heavy rifle fire and that
the situation was desperate,

Lonpon, duly 6.—The reports are repeated

 

Cee ee

     

that it is Russia's veto alone that prevents the
Powers from giving a mandate to Japan to re-
store order in China, and the foreigners in
Shanghai are said to be consequently dismayed
and indignant

The Daily News's correspondent at Shimono-
seki, Japan, sends an interview with Marquis
Ito, formerly Japanese Prime Minister, who
intimated that Japan was willing to acoept the
mandate, but acquiesces in common action,
awaiting the decision of the Powers. |

Additional reports from Shanghai are to the
effect that the situation at Tien-Tsin is becom-
ing more and more critical owing to the im-
mense number of the beslegera. They are
pushing intrenchments close to the forti-
fications held by the allies, and an at-
tack is regarded as imminent. It is said
that the Chinese have not been affected by their
recent Immense losses around Tien-Tsin, which
one account estimates at 7,000. The allies, it is
added, have been busy for days burning and
burying corpses, the decay of which seriously
endangers the health of the town.

The rumor that Admiral Seymour ia wounded
is reiterated. It ts atated that he was shot by a
sharpshooter while he was sitting in a house in
Tien-Tsin.

The Times Shanghai correspondent says he
learns from a partioularly well-informed and
trustworthy official, who is confident that his in-
formation is reliable, that Boxers and troops
numbering about 15,000 attacked the legationson
June 27, They were repulsed with loas, The
news was brought by a special courier who left
Pekin the same day the attack was made.
He further reports that only one gate
of the inner palace is open daily for
a few hours. The Emperor and Empress
are there with their personal attendants. All
being Boxers the Imperial Princes have erected
an altar within the palace where the Boxers’
rites are performed,

Another despatch from Shanghai to the

Times, dated July 8, says @& Japanese
official telegram states that the allies
attacked the native city of Tien-Tsin

on June 80, as large numbers of Boxers
and troops tbere menaced the European
settlement and the railway. The attack
began at 6 o'clock in the morning and the city
was taken at2 P.M. It is understood that the
object of the attack was to destroy the city
fort from which the foreign settlement was
being shelled

The correspondent also says that he is cred-
ibly informed that the total number of Japanese
embarked up to July 8 waa 15,000, Half of them
had arrived at Taku prior to June 30, Thirty
thousand more have been mobilized and are
ready for immediate embarkation.

Hampvuang, July 4.—The Government has
chartered eight large steamers to transport
troops to China

Panis, July 4.—The Ministry of Marine has
ordered two more cruisers to proceed to China:

 

BEFORE PEKIN WAS CUT OFF.

Russian Foreign Office's Statement of the
Demands of the Legations.
Speciat Cabd’e Despatch to THE SUN.

St, Petersauro, July 4.—The Foreign Offlos,
in a statement on the Chinese trouble, says that
on May 21 the members of the diplomatic eorps
at Pekin sent a note to the Tsung-li- Yamen de-
manding the arrest of all Boxers, They also
demanded the arrest of all per‘ons who granted
the use of thelr premises for the holding of sedi-
tious meetings and the infliction of severe pun-
ishment on any policeman found guilty of
reml«sness in the suppression of the Boxers or
found guilty of being in collusion with the in-
surgents, They also demanded the execution of
all persons found guilty of murder or Incene
diariam or of directing the actions of support-
ing the Boxers. The note finally demanded
that a notification that these measures would
be carried out should be posted throughout the
northern provi: ces.

On May 24 the [sung-li-Yamen replied thata
deoree had been issued on May 17 ordering the
rigorous suppression of the Boxers.

e The Russian Foreign Office adds: “Such an

evaaive reply did not satiafy the legations, who
met agoin with a view to deciding on the meana
for summoning landing forces. Half an hour
previous to the conference the Secretary
of the Tsung-li-Yamen came to the Russian
Minister and said that severe measures had
already been taken for suppressing the revolt.
This sudden message was probably due toa de-
sire on th» part of the Teung-li-Yamen ft» pre-
vent the legations adopting decisive me sures,
Meanwhile the rebels had defeated the regulars
rent against them, killing a colonel and sixty
men,

“Such was the state of affairs the day before
Pekin was cut off.”

CHINA'S DECLARATION OF WA2.

 

Edicts Said to Come From the Empress
Notify Viceroys That the Straggle Is On.
Sypeetal Cable Despaich to THE SUN,
BEruin, July 4..-A Canton despatch of yes-
terday's date says the Chinese papers publish
two edicts from the Dowager Empress which
reached Ji Hung Chang some days ago,
These state that reconciliation with the
Christians, agatnst whom the whole nation,-
neluding the military and the nobles and
princes, is united in order to stamp them out,
is completely out of the question. The edicts
say the foreigners began the fight against
China with the attack on Taku. The bitter
feeling against foreigners had consequently
increased and any attempt to put down the
people would be dangerous. Henoe, for the
present, it seems expedient to make use of

the antl-foreign movement.

The Empress says she is willing to protect the
legations, It remains to be seen, she says,
whether the foreigners or the Chinese are the
stronger, In any case, Governors of provinces
should immediately enruil troops for the de-
fence of their districts, as they would be held
responsible for any loss of territory.

TIEN*TSIN IN DANGER.

Foreigners Ordered Away and the Situation
Is Considered Desperate.
Special Cable Deapatehes to THE SuN,

BERLIN, July 4.--The German Consul at Che-
foo telegraphs as follows: ‘Foreigners
steamer (?). Settlement at Tien-Tsin aur-
rounded, being bombarded. Women and chil-
dren to be removed. Chinese troopa advanced
against railway bridges, which they destroyed,
but communication with Taku by water is
maintained, Missions at Mukden burned;
many native Christians murdered; railway
bridge between Mukden and New Chwang
wrecked,”

Lonpon, July 4.—A news agency despatch
from Chefoo of yesterday's date says it le re-
ported that all foreigners have been ordered to
leave Tien-Tsin.
sidered desperate.

The situation there ia con-

CANNOT ADVANCE TO PEKIN.

 

Allies Must Have a Larger Force—May Not Be
Able to Hold Tien-Tsin.
Speciat Cadle Despaiches ty THE SUN.

Taku, June 80, via Chefoo, July 3.—The
British and Russian Admirals held a conference
to-day and decided that it would be !mpossible
to attempt to relieve Pekin without a much
larger force. They may possibly hold Tien-
Tain. If this showld not be feasible they will
endeavor to hold Taku.

LonpDon, July 4.—1n the House of Commons
this afternoon the Rt. Hon. Wiliam 8t. J.
Brodrick, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs,
enid the allied troops had not yet been able to
move toward Pekin. The situation is practi-
cally unchanged. He had no reason to belleve
that any backward movement had been made.

AN OUTBRBAK AT CHEFOO.

Coolies Attack the Ruslan Bank, but Are
Repuised.
Serial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Panis, July 4—The French Consul at Chefoo
con@rms the report of the murder of Baron
von Kotteler. Hesays that all the legations
at Pekin except three have been destroyed. On
duly 2 bands of coolies attacked the Russian
bank at Chefoo, but were repulsed and order

was restored
done

before much damage had been

the fate of M. Pichon, the French Minister at
Pekin.

NEWS MESSAGES DELAYED.

Necessary te Send Seme From Chefee to
Sbaeghal by Steamer.
Speetal Cadle Despaich to THE SUN,

Loxpon, July 4.—The Central News learns
that the wires between Chefoo and Shanzhal
are practically down, The Chinese officials
refuse to handle news messages, and only
Government despatches go over the wires.
News despatches are brought from Taku to
Chefoo by steamer. A vessel is expected to
reach Shanghai from Chefoo to-morrow night
with Taku news up to July 2.

“The Westra, Union Telegraph Company's

 

 

 

Central Cable office announces that on account
of the irregularity and unreliability, of the
fevice on nese telegraph lines between

and Chefoo all m es are dupli-

maashe
cated by steamer between the two ewes A
steamer bearing telegrams from Chefoo Is ex-
pected at Shanghai on the evening of the Sth.’

 

 

HOW THE TAKU FORTS WERBS TAKEN.

Details ef Their Bombardment and Sterming
by the Allied Fleets.

Victoria, B. C., July 4.—Details of the bom-
bardment of the Taku forts at the mouth of the
Pei-Ho River by the allied fleets in the early
morning of June 17 reached here to-day by the
steamer Rio Jun Maru, which sailed from Yoko-
hema on June 20.

The allied fleets had sent an ultimatum to the
Chinese in the forts, having noticed the massing
of trooops and defensive preparations, The
Chinese had asked for time to consider. This
had been granted, and fearing no hostile move-
ment on the part of the forts, a number of gun-
boata were anchored inside the bar. The British
gunboat Algerine, the German gunboat Iitis, the
Japanese Atago, the United States cruiser
Yorktown and Russian gunboat Korejetz must
have been with!n 2,000 yards of the forta, which
command the mouth of the Pei-Ho River from
each side. Some of the corresponcents of the
dapan papers hold that they were even nearer.
According to the correspondent of the Japan
Mail they were close in to the entrance to the
river in order that they might have easy ac-
oeas to the railway station at Tong Ku.

On the day previous, June 16, the different
vetsola of the allies had disembarked 689 men
and to these had been given the duty of guard-
ing the station at Tong Ku. This foros was
made up of 329 Japanese marines landed from
the Tayahashi, 130 Germans and 180 Russians.
The foroe had barely taken up a position near
the station, the duty of guarding which had
been entrusted to them, when they heard
the booming of Chinese guns from the forts.
The Chinese gunners had opsned fire on the
gunboats within the bur. Some of these are
sald by the Japanese correspondents to have
been without steam enough to run out of range.

The first few rounds fron the Chinese bat-
teries were harmiess, the gunners firing wildly.
But soon the gunners found the range and the
inshore gunboats suffered. A number of Chinese
shells struck the British gunboat Algerine and
the German gunboat Itls, both being some-
what damaged. They were quickly got out of
the inshore position, and the larger vessels
without the bar replied to the fire from the
forw. The scene is described as a moat thrilling
one, the many searchlights of the bombarding
fleets and the forts intersecting, and the shells
bursting over the forts and the ships,

For seven hours the bombardment, which
commenced at 1A.M,, continued. The York-
town as is known did not join in the
attack on the forts, when she was run out
of her dangerous position. The allied vesseis
taking part in the bombardment were the
British gunboat Algerine and torpedo boat
destroyers Fame and Whiting, the French
gunboat Lion, the German Itlia, the Russian
q@unboata Giljak, Bohr and Korejete and the
Japanese Ataso.

Four Chinese gunboats, and the Hai Lung,
Hai Nju, Hai Ching and Hal Aloha, all of which
were built in Germany for the Chinese Govern-
ment, were lying near the mouth of the
Pei- Ho. The British torpedo boat do-
stroyers Fame and Whiting engaged these
vessela while the larger ships were shelilog the
forta. The Chinese vessels opened fire on the
British vessels from their 8-pounders, the
Fame and Whiting replying with their 42-
pounders,

The Chinese vessels struck their flags after
a short running fight and became captives
of the British craft. All the destroyers
engaged had a speed of 30 knots. Dur-
tng the fighting two British merchant
launches anchored in the Pei-Ho River were
struck by shells and foundered. On the bom-
barding vessels the loss of life was
not+o great. The greatest loss was on tho
Russian gunboat Korajetz, from an explosion.
Tho Algerian and the Itlis were both damaged
while they were lying inshore and! the Giljak
was severely damaged, Some shells struck her
juat below the water line,

Soon after daylight the attack by land began.
The Russian, German and Japanese troops told
off to guard Tong-ku station, attacked
the fort and, after a resolute bayonet
charge, drove back the Chinese and
acaled the walls with bamboo ladders, Cotnci-
dently forces from the ships were landed on the
Taku side; All the vessels lowered a number of
men and the Chinese outside the point
were driven back with great loss of
Ife. llundreds of Chinese are reported
to have baen killed as they fled northward. The
forts, which were soon afterward opposed,
wore found to have been demolished by
the fire of the heavy guns on the
allied warships. Dead Chinese were
strewn everywhere, Russian troops landed
to the northward caught a larce party of the
flying Chinese and a large number of the fu-
gitives wero killed by the Russians. The loss
of the Chinexe is placed at four hundred by

some correspondents and even larger by
others. The carnage is described as awiul.

A Japanes» paper says in describing the bom-
bardment: ‘"This ia the first time in the history
of Japan that her troops have fonght side by
side with those of European gations, and weare
glad to think that they have found an ocoasion
to distinguish themselves so signally.””

 

FRENCH MINISTRY'S DANGER,

 

More Discord in the Army—Prompt Action by
the New Minister of War,
Special Cable Despa'ch to THE SUN.

Panis, July 4.—The Ministry ran serious dan-
ger of foundering to-day, Gen, Jamont’s
Yesignation of the highest command in the army,
the Vice-Presidency of the Qouncil of War,
was the culminating point of the discontent
among the superior officers. Fortunately the
new Minister of War, Gen. Andre, rose to the
oocasion and summarily dismissed Gen, Ja-
mont instead of accepting his resignation,

Gen, Andre and Gen, Brugere, the new Gen-
eralisamo, are sound Republicans, They aro
determined to strike hard and deep at the firat
symptom of further insubordination, but it
would be tdle to deny that the situation ts filled
with the gravest danger, eapectally at the pros-
ent moment, when coalesced Europe is engaged
in dealing with China, It becomes clearer
and clearer that the highest rauks of the army
are filled with men lacking the first principles
of Republican patriotism. The example set
by Gen. Chanoine is rapidly proving contagious,
Confidence, however, is felt in the Govern-
ment. Forewarned is forearmed. Discipline
will be strenuously maintained in the army,
and it is hoped that the manifeat exhibition
of an attempt at military hectoring will cause
the Republicans to rally in the Chamber of
Deputies,

There was a disorderly debate in the Chamber
of Deputies to-day on the retirement of Gen.
Jamont, which resulted in the adoption of a
vote of confidence in the Government, 807 mem-
bers supporting the Ministry and 268 voting
against it. Gen. Pendezeo has been appointed
chief of staff In snoceasion to Gen. Delanne.

Recovered Baron von Ketteler’s Body,
Speciat Cadie Despatch to THe SuN,
Cueroo, July 3.—The German sailors suc
cveded in rescuing Minlster vun Ketteler’s bedy
after he bad been killed.

ialinenamtnddidinethahdensadealanaseanthecackinemdeteeoed

 

Tak S

os

oy ee
Ss P
>

wasd

   

x EUR 3D. “s

  

NO HOPE IN WASHINGTON.

 

"The Consul says thore is no news in regard to | Mintuter Conger and Other Foreigners tn

Pekin Considered Doomed.

WaAsHINGTON, July 4—The anxiety of the
Government authorities in regard to Minister
Conger and the other Americans in Pekin was
not relieved to-day by a single word from any
official source. The Secretary of State and
the Secretary of the Navy said to-night that
they had received nothing whatever bearing
on the situation in China since yesterday.

Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese Minister, has a
despatch from the Viceroy at Nankin urging
the United States Government through him
not to send any troops into the province over
which the Viceroy presides. The State De-
partinent has already acted finally on this mat-
ter, having explained to the Viceroys of the
southern provinces that 8o long as they main-
tain order and protect foreigners their terri-
tory will not be invaded by American armed
forces,

Out of the combination of the Viceroys of the
Yang-tae Valley and southern China generally
to rule their districts without reference to the
situation in Pekin may come the building up of
a new Chinese empire. Should the capture of
Pekin and the overthrow of Prince Tuan, the
usurper, be long delayed, the partition of China
by the Chinese themselves fs not an, improbable
outcome. There has been some talk of this in
Government and diplomatic circles, and the
officials who have disoussed it consider such
a division as likely to occur. Naturally, Li
Hung Chang, now Viceroy of Canton, who has
allied himself against the Tuan, or Boxer, party
would become the sovereign of this territory
if consolidation of the southern provinces is
secured,

Some of the men who are discussing this

* situation are inclined to the opinion, how-

ever, that @ more satisfactory arrangement
would be a division of the southern portion of
the empire into separate States, each ruled
by a sovereign Prince. In that way, un anti-
foreign outbreak could be suppressed more
quickly by the Powers.

There ia considerable dismay here over the
reports from Taku that the allies are not pre-
paring to advance on Pekin. Between 16,000
and 20,000 foreign troops are ashore, and there
is a strong fecling that despite the overwhelin-
ing numerical superiority of the Chinese forces
the international forces are sufiiciently large
to cope with them. An official of an important
foreign establisument in Washington, wiio
a spent much time in the Orlent and who

as examined recent official information about
the character of the Chinese Army and its pre-
paredness for war, says that the atories about

reat preparations of China for hostilities
Brough, t e importation of ammunition, ar-
tilery and other munitions on @ large scale
should not be credited ‘he Chinese Army,
he maintains, is in the same state of unpre-
yaredness that characterized it at the out-
reak of the war with Japan. The troops,
he says, are no better drilled than they were
then, and could not successfully oppose a much
smaller force of trained foreigh troops.

It is expected, however, that Japan will put
at legat 20,000 more soldiers on Chinese soil and
Ruasta is likely to have a force equally large.
Reports received by the military intelligence
offices here show that Russia will be able to
throw an immense army into China should she
decide to do so, atone her Asiatic frontier
alone she has half a million troops.

It was Aust a week ago to-day that the last
runner left Pekin with news for foreign govern-
menta, Three weeks have passed since the
State Department heard from Minister Conger,
What has happened in the past week the offi-
cials do not Know, but they fear for the worst.
They cannot see a «ingle ray of hope in the
situation of the forvignera in the Chinese capital
as last reported. ev regard Minister Con-
ger, his diplomatic col ues and every for-
eigner that took refuge with them in the British
legation as doomed,

hey know that there werea number of Amer-
joan women and ht Aimerican children in
the American Legation when communication
was severed. Letters from ple who have
relatives and friends in Pekin have been receiv-
ed at re Bieta Departinent, and from these a
list will made = ecretary Squires of the
American Legation had his wife and his children
with him when last heard from,

According to a mail report to the State De-
partment from Minister Conger, dated Oct. 1,
1809, the antd-foreign sentiment had begun tu
take a violent form. had been a) assault
on foreigners of such a character as to indicate
that it was part of a concerted movement, The
Chinese police would not gy protection to the
foreigners, and the Tsung-li- Yamen was indiffer-
ent until the foreign Ministers threatened to
call for troops of their own countries,

BIG O11. TANKS FIRED BY LIGHTNING,

 

 

Sea of Viame Wiping Out the Standard Plant
at Constable Hook.

Lightning struck the Standard (i! works at
Constable Hook shoriy after midnight, and at
2 o'clock this morning fully half a mile of the
river front was ablaze and several hundred
acres of the plant of the company were a
mass of seething flames. The Bergen Point
Commercial Company's plant was destroyed
and ten of the enormous tanks of oil of the
Standard Company burned up. At 3:30 A. M,
the fire is stili burning flercely, and it ts feared
that ail of tho other buildings of the company
witl be destroyed

While the storm was at its height at 12:35
o'clock this inorning thg citizens of Tomp-
kinsvilleand Bayonne wefe started by two tre-
m ‘ndous flashes of lightning followed by two
terrific reports. The Bergen Point Chemical
Company's works were struck by both
bolts and within a few moments they were
blazing [rom end to end. Within five minutes
another bolt of lightning struck one of the
oli tanks of the Standard plant. Before
it was well ablaze another bolt hit an-
other tank, and inside of five minutes
two more tanks had been set afire. The flames
and the burning oi! blew up other tanks and in
this way the fire spread rapidly until within
baifan hour ten tanks were reported burning.

“We haye no idea what the company will
lose,” said one of the officers of the Tide

fater Ol] Company over the telephone at 1
o'clock. “It will only be by the most desperate
fighting that any Rit of their plant will be

ved. The fire willburn for many hours, It

im ible now to tell If any persons have
been killed or hurt, but you can gay that {t is
the biggest fire that Bayonne has ever seen.”

ive minutes later the fojephone central oper-
ator reported that all of the telephone wires to
Constable Hook had been burned out and that
there was no way of reaching that part of the

city by wire.

As soon the extent of the fire became
known, the fireboat Seth Low was sent across
the ii von ull to Constable Hook.
Fire Headquarters in this city sent
the New_ Yorker too. At 2. o’clovk

from the Brooklyn Bridge, the fire was a
penutitul appetace, A sea of flame extended
for over half a mile plong the water front and
covered hundreds of acres. The flames hung
low, but every few moments a great couumn of
fire would leap three or four hundred feot in
the air. Itis supposed that this was caused by
new breaks in the burning tanks.

Over the flames rose & remarkable plume of
dark, nfery smoke. It soon extended across
the Kill von Kull and over the lower part of
Brooklyn. {t was one of the moat plotureeque
features of the tire as viewed from the bridge.

From Tompkinsville, it was reported at 2:20
o'clock, that the flames made such a Nght
as to enable a person on the waterfront
at Tomrkinsville to read a newspaper
easily, The waterfront was ined with
Perna, who not seem to mind
the rain in the least, The apectators saw
several little tus dart into a slip and surround
4 bia steamer moored at one of the wharves at
the hook, The steamer was beginning to
smoke when the tugs made fast to her and
dragged her out into the middle of the atream.
The flreboats were reénforced by a small navy
of tugy who ran close in to shore and torew
streams of water on the flames, but their offorts
did not seem to have much effect, aa the firs
appeared to be spreading and occupying more,
territory.

 

ACCIDENTAL KILLING IN ST, LOUIS,

Street Car Conductor Shot by His Room Mato
Who Was Loadiig a Revolver.

Br. Lovis, Mo., July 4.—George Blackwell of
Eufaula, Alu., employed during the strike asa
conductor for the Transit Company, was
accidentally shot and killed this evening
by Fe®gis W. Skilnan of Vincennes, Ind., also
a Transit Company emploves. The men were
room mates at 3643 Olive street, and, being off
duty, were preparing togo out and spend the
evening with friends

Before starting Skillman londed his piato!,
Blackwell standing not two feet away watch-
ing him. By some means, not very clear, the
weapon was\discharged, thy bullet entering
Blackwell's head and causing instant death,
The body was removed to the Morgue and
Skillman was locked up.

 

Baptist Missionaites Are Safe,

According to advices received in this elty by
the Baptist Missioiary Society all the Baptist
missionaries in Chinaare+af, Cablegrams were

sent to each of the fourteen Baptist missions by
the secretary of the American Baptist Publica-
tion Society in Philadelphia and replies have
been received from each atating that the mia-

 

siona and mission h ve not been
molested ead that in case of danger thore are
plenty of avenues of escape.

vq avvuve

ee

0 ee

MISSIONARIES IN CHINA.

 

 

Constant Dangers Threaten the Missions— Enor-
mous Mobs Quickly Ralsed and Sometimes
as Quickly Quieted— Little Things That
May Excite the Chinese—Narrow Escapes

Pomona, Cal., July 1.—The Rev, Edward J.
Porter, who after eleven years of missionary
labor {n China came here to work for the con-
version of Chinese in Los Angeles and southern
California, said the other day:

“No one who has not lived in the interior of
China can have any idea of how the life of al-
most every Christian missionary is constantly
beset with mortal dangers, There aro no moro
courageous people than some of the young
men and women who go to the fields of mis-
sionary effort in the interior of China, They
realize all the perils of their position, They
know how a thoughtless act, an utterance un-
usual in the locality, perhaps an article of dreas
never seen before by the natives, or the preva-
lence of a plague-—in fact, anything apt to create
curiosity or suspicion among densely ignorant,
superstitious and excitable people—may breed a
mob and lead to a massacre of the foreigners.
Yet some of them never falter in their deter-
mination, I have seen American missionaries
of both sexes ask to be sent into districts in
China where but a fortnight or so before the
natives had risen in a mob and stoned and cut
to death every white person there. Twenty
days after the swat kwei, meaning the ‘death
to the foreign devils,’ riots in the Fu Kien prov-
ince in October, 1890, three young women con-
nected with the Presbyterian Board of Mis-
sions went alone and of their own accord 150
miles from the coast into Fu Kien and took up
the work of the murdered missionaries among
the red-handed murderers, Not only that,
but the women lived in the house where the
Chinese mob had alain the missionaries, There
were atill there great blotches of dried blood on
the floor where the former missionaries had been
struck down,

“It is very hard for people who know little
about the lower classes of Chinese to appreciate
how quickly an enormous crowd of rioters may
be assembled in China, When I was stationed
at Kwow-Chow, about one hundred and sixty
miles northwest from Canton in the Kwang-
tong district, a riot arose and spent Stself in an
hour, and only by a miracle all the German,
French and American missionaries escaped
murders, Kwow-Chow is a place of some six
thousand people in a thickly populated part of
China, The five foreign missionaries had been
there about a year and the work seemed particu-
larly promising. The natives held aloof and
were suspicious for a few months, but when the
two big men of the town treated us with con-
spicuous civility the whole population appar-
ently gave heed to our teachings. The German
missionary was a physician, and he had with
him a quantity of medicines, To win the at-
tention and good will of the Chinese, he opened
a sort of free dispensary, After awhile he gota
few of the more trusting natives to come to him
to have flesh wounds and mild disorders treated,
But eyery one of the natives believed that devils
had a hand in the doctor-missionary’s skill.
Time and again the German was begged by the
more friendly Chinese to confess that he made
use of some evil spirit in his practice,

“It happened that a little child mysteriously
disappeared from Kwow-Chow. Now tho Chi-
nese are particularly fond of their children.
The whole town wasatirred up. The country
for miles around was searched without suo-
cess, Several weeks later, just at sunset,
a mother went screaming about that her baby
boy had also disappeared. People poured
out of their tiny mud, bamboo and grass houses
like bees from an apiary. The community
was shaken. Everybody had a different theory
concerning this second disappearance, but
devils and winged dragons played a part in al-
most all the theories. An American woman
out of sympathy went out on the crowded
street and tried to persuade the Chinese that
the ohild having been seen two hou
could not be very far away. She coe eee
excited crowd suddenly grew silent and studied
har face with a peculiar intensity. They after-
ward said that the disappearance of the second
child was associated with the German physi
clan's practice, bi believed that he kid-
nap an e lee to get a
all from the head of the dead. waren Sane

“The cry ‘Toug-kwei!’ (Butcher the forei
devils!) went up from one man’s throat. Instant y
the shout ‘Tong-kwei! Tong-kwei!’ was taken up
by several thousand men. kven the boys
and women howled ‘Tong-k wei!’ <
of men ran and armed themselves to put their
words into efiect. The roar of hoarse shouts
reached the ears of every white person there
We had all heard similar words from rioters
before, Of course the five whites were help-
leas against so many. Our only hope was to
get the superstivious populace to hear us while
we pleaded for suspension of judgment con-
corning our share in the disappearance of the
child.

“The German missionary, who waa
apeaker of Chinese, bravely went oh Pyent
the little yard at his home to talk with the
natives, Who were flocking there with clubs
poiea, stones and firearms. He happened

» sae in the crowd @ man who had once peen
tax-gatherer in Canton and who was popular
and intelligent. Tho German, in shouts that
rose above the din of voices, addressed himself

w this man and asked him to ask his country-

men to spare the foreigners’ lives until more

careful searoh had been made for the missing
child. The German volunteered to have an
arrived guard about the homes of the foreigners
in the town vuntil the people became satie-
fled that the foreigners had nothing but kind-
pews and good will for the Chinese. The native
to whom the German addressed himself came
forward and stood close beside the German

Then, waving his hand with an authority that

independent Americans cannot

he prance Tee. ss

“He said that the missionaries had
there by authority of the Government, ana
that if any crimes were committed the criminals
would loso their heads within a week. I
don't know how far the Chinaman's advice
would have prevailed with the rioters, but
while he was talking some women came running
down the street and they called out that the
baby was found. It had wandered into a
pen with some cattle and had fallen asleep
there in the mud. The foreigners in Kwow-
Chow were saved. In the end the episode
helped our cause amazingly. The Chinese
are naturally a gentle race with a strong sense
of justice, except when they are excited. When
they realized how unfair they had been and
how they night have slain innocent people
ther became our stanch friends, The Ger.
man’s usefulness in Kwow-Chow had a rapid
growth from that terrible evening.

The escape ol the Kev, Frederick J, Masters
now the head of the Chinese missions in San
Francisco, and his Fon and friends trom hor-
rible deaths at the hands of rioting Chinese, is
about as thrilling as anything in missionary
experiences 1 personally know of. The tale
illustrates, also, the highly imflammable na-
ture of the Chinese, It was in 1883, shortly after
the French army had invaded Tonquin. The
muihons of Chinese in the provinces of southern
China adjacent to Tonquin were wild at the in-
trusion of a foreignarmy. They feared that all
Spingse might become vassals to the French.

he Rev. Dr, Mastersand several other mis-
sionaries were living on the outskirts of Canton,

The foreigners were warned by the officials

in Canton to refrain from pareicinetion in the

public assemblages, and to keep indoors as far
as possible. Every night red paper placards
containing Chinese denunciations of forelaners
were posted secretly poout the city. The pla-
cards became more hostile to the foreigners
and one night a mob of 25,000 people rose in Can-
ton, Fortunately, the Government had quietly
provided an extra pyre for stich an oecaston
or the slaughter of hundreds of white people
in Canton would have followed. As it was, about
forty French and aixteen people of English, Ger-
man. American and other natinnaliies wer

“Out where the Rev, Dr. Masters and other
Americans lived about two hundred Chinese
started tokillthe miasionafies and tear down
their headquarters. The crowd got together
ona public square, Every one was armed with
some murderous weapon. Inflammatory
speeches were made and amid yells of “long-
kweil’ and ‘Lum-che-ping!’ (‘death to the foreign
devils’ and ‘slash tho rich to pieces!') the ex-
clted crowd went running up the crooked atreet.
toward the homea of some very rich Chinese
merchants and some of the Christian missions.
A guard of two score men, hastily placed there
by the Government, was beaten and cut down
by the maddened men, who were armed with
knives fastened on poles. Two guarda were
killed outright and several were dreadful!
wounded. Screaming like fiends, the mo
surged past and burst open the heavy gates
of the Rig brick walla that surrounded’ the
homes of rich mandarips who had proepgred
by trading with the forelgnere in Canton. Ina
few minutes sixteen of the most coat!
dences in that part of tho suburbs of
were in flames,

“The mob Increased and the whole city was
in a tumult. The Rev. Dr. Masters and his
associates heard the mob as it approached.
Several missionaries started to run toward the
river, where they might escape in the boata.
While the infuria' crowd was hacking peo-
ple to death and emashing things in the -

ns Rpesse, and while the Ramen were t-

up to heaven, Dr. Masters and his ly

real-
anton

expected that at moment the Chinese might
surge in upon Seen, They were absolutely

appreciate,

  

  
   

 

without protection, To onan to nee thea
would nave ae ve ae ¢ madness. an
at once a Chinese Chris man
Re io in the neighborhood—ran into
Jt, Masters’s rooms, :
“Come quick and I'll save you all,’ gasped
he in Chinese, ail out of breath.
“*But the mob will ki you and all your
family because you are Christians,’ said the

missionary.

"'My family has shifted for, itself gna I will
save my teachers and friends,’ sald China-
man, At sane time he pushed the mis-

onary betore him out into @ dark passage.

hen, while the flames trom the burning homes
lighted up the evening sky, the
and ail household were smuggled over @
dozen walls and through dark eways into
a little cellar beneath a triendly Chinaman’s
house, The mission party ie s moment
to spare, for the relugees not sec
themselves before the mob burst into the de-
serted mission.

“For two days and nights Dr. Masters and
his companions lay hidden in the cellar, Only
once could food be given them. A dozen Chris-
tian Chinese stood about the spot and arttull
threw the mob off the scent, Many umes
seemed as if the infuriated Chinese would find
the Americans, but each time something in-
tervened to save them. All the houses in the
locality of the missionary concessions were
searched over and over, Some were burned.
Qn the morning following the outbreak the
Viceroy of Canton sent a troop of soldiers to
protect the foreign concessions, but the soldiers
were in sympathy with the mob, and, besides,
the appearance of troops only #' the peo-
ple to fresh acts of violence.

mission was wrecked. Manuscripts
and books that had oost years of study were
heaped in the street and burned. Finally
the mob was made 2 belleve that the foreigners
had escaped. th n6 middle of the night the
missionaries were provided with native @arb
and were stealthily brought up from the cellar
where they had Tain in hiding, Surrounded
artfully by Christian natives, the Americans
were conducted to the water front, where,
under the protection of soldiers, they crept
aboard a boat and were safe in Hong Kong
by the next noon. But the shock of the hor-
rible suspense experienced by the missionary
party had its effect. It was months before Dr.
fastera was himself again. One of the party,
a Mr. Allen, a Baptists not yet 27, died a few
months later with nervous prone on.

“The world is just beginning to know what
heroes have been bearing the cross in China.
Hundreds of narratives are told in China of the
the bravery of missionaries in defence of per-
secuted natives who have embri our falta,
The Government has, on the whole, trea
the forelgners in China well. The mobs have
been repressed and the inciters of riots nst
the missionaries have ofter been put to death,

ut China is so steeped in superstition, and

aa been a hermit nation for so many _cen-
turies, that it seems almost hopeless that Chris-
tlan missionaries there can have any personal
safety in this generation, The m darins,
especially those of interior China, are the mos'
bigoted class any missionary ever came in cop-
tact with. Of course they are influential wher-
ever they live. They have an innate hostility
to forelan civilization. They ite the poor
to violence and lawlessness, while ostensibly
they seem to denrecate the perenousone. They
inflame the lower classes with stories of re-
volting atrocities committed on Chinese peas-
ants by the forelaners. For instance, we have
been accused of ardpapping children and cut-
ting out their eves, ts and brains for con-
cocting our medicines, People have been as-
sassinated and their bodies secretly thrown
within the missionary concessions in order
to aive the idea that we were the murderers.

“Northern China has been the scene of the
greatest heroism in the Empire. During the
year )873 between thirty and forty Kuropean
and Amegican missionaries were killled there,
The Impérial Government did what it could
in its clumsy, lethargic way, to punish the mur-
derers. In July and August, 1895, several
mobs rose against foreigners in Chen-Tsu,
Sne-Chuen, Tsi-Kwong, Fouchow, and other
cities in northern China, and twenty Chinese
Christians were killed) At Hung Hsu in the
fall of 1805, a moh killed seven native converts,
sacked the English mission, and slashed to
death several men and women missionaries.
A few. weeks Jater an anti-foreigner mob of
several hundred natives rose one evening ot
Kim Tui in the province of Shan Tung. There
were two American missionaries there with
their wives. The converted Chinese fled to
the missions for rae and, while the mis-
alonaries might have eaca by leaving the
care Chinese to ieee they, stood by
the r people until they emselves were
Killed”

“These horrors were all parts of a concerted
attack led by a party in northern China known
as the Vegotarians, Mandarins were chief
among the Vegetarians. England and Amer-
fea called on the Imperial Government to stop
the mobs, The Government sent troops to
quell the lawlessness and to punish the leaders
in the mobs. For three years there were no
more massacres in that region. But tn the
summer of 1808 several attacks were made on
the Christian Chinese in parts of northern
China, and one or two missions were de
stroyed, but there were no further massacres
of missionaries until the last few montha

“All told, there are 1,000 peeionarien in

ina. There are more than ¢ irty American
missionary societies represented in China.
The Mothodist Episcopal Missionary Society
alone has 200 men and 40 women there.”

ANTITRUST BICYCLES PLENTY.

 

Independent Firms of Whes!makers in Plenty.

If any devotee of the bicycle objects to buy-
ing his wheel of the “Bicycle Trust,” as the
American Bicycle Company is called, he may
buy a satisfactory wheel which isn't made by
the trust. Furthermore, he may buy one of
these anti-trust bicycles just as cheaply as he
ean buy one sold by the trust. The American
Bicycle Company and the independent manu-
facturers of bicyoles are competing for trade

in the same field, with no cutting of prices and
to all appearances are dwelling together in
that fleld in peace and harmony. Some folks
might say that this is an evidence of the ina-
billty of a so-called trust to create a monop-
oly in product and prices.

However this may be, it is not by any means
true that the American Bicycle Company has
a monopoly of the bicycle business, and the
independent dealers say It is not true that the
American Bicycle Company manufactures any
better bicycles than the independent dealers.
On the other hand, the American Bicycle Com-
pany simply asserts that it makes as good bi-
cycles as there are manufactured tn the United
States, and more of them. The company also
asserts that it sells wheels just as cheap a8 any-
body else in the business. Thus it will be sean
that the independent dealers are not findi
any fawt with the trust and the trust is no
finding any fault with the independent dealers.
There seems to be such a demand for bicycles
that both the American Bicycle Company and
the Independent dealers are able to do a prof-
trie business,

he price char@ed by the independent manu-
facturers for chainless wheels of this year'smodel
is $75, except in one case, where the price of one
independent dealer for his chainless wheel
is $00, TheAmerican Bicycle Company meets
these prices in every case. As for the other
machines manufactured by the independent
dealers, the chain wheels can be bought at
from 850 to $4 apiece, which are the prices
charged for similar wheels by the American
Bicy cle Company.

When it comes to ractng machines, the ayer-

e price for a first-class wheel of racing weight
of the lndiependent manufacturers and the
American Bicycle Company {8 $60. There
is one independent manufacturer, however,
who makes what he considers to be such a
superior bicycle for racing purposes that he
charges $05 for It. On the other hand, there
is one tndependent manufacturer who makes
a bleyele for racing purposes for which he
charges only $45 and he makes this price, so
it is eaid, to compete directly Gaines & racer
manufactured by the trust. is same ind
pendent manufacturer sells ehain whi
as low aa $25, for the reason that the Ameri-
can Bicycle Company sells a chain wheel for
that price. 4
It is possible, though, to buy a bleycle of an
independent dealer cheaper than any wheel
manufactured by the American Bicycle Com-

any ean be purchased. This bicycle is manu-
actured by a certain machine company and
can be bought for $18. It has no partioular
name, the manufacturer making {it his business
to sell his machine to department stores and
similar concerns, and he is willing to attach to
his product anyname which the purchaser ma
desire. It must be said, however, that tht
bicycle is not looked upon in any more favor
by the independent dealers than by the Ameri-
can Bicycle Company. The American Biey-
cle Company says that all such wheels are sold
too low to make them last any length of time
The other fndependent dealers hold the same
opinion and add that they do not care to eom-
pete against bicycles sold at that price.

Of course the independent dealers assert
that their wheels have advantages over those
made by the American Bicycle Company. For
instance, the independents assert that since
the American Bicycle Company was incorpo-
rated it has shul down many factories, neces-
sitating the manufacture of several different
makes of bicycles at one factory. They say
that when one of the old independent manu-
facturers, after becoming a member of the
American Bicycle Company, was compelled to
manufacture other bicycles than hisown at his
factory the former careful attention given to the
making of the particular wheel turned out at that
factory aa an independent concern could not
be exercised. Therefore, the  tndependents
fay, some of the best known of the bicycles
made by the American Bicycle Company are
not manufactured now with as great care as
they were when they were manufactured by
independent dealers, Because each of them
manufactures one and only one bieyele the
independenta assert that the majority of the
bie cles not made by the trust are more car
ully put together than the trust wheels, Of
course, the American Biv gle Company says
that such statements are all bosh ona! it is ule
willing to have its producta compared with
those of any independent maker in the world.

18 pusher of a bicycle must, therefore, be
gre one Se ide upon the merite of the ques-

  

 

 

   

(AVOIDING A BIG BATTLE.

BRITISH AND BOERS INDULGE IN
SMALL SKIRMISHES ONLY.

 

 

 

Some Foreigners Whe Were Made Barghers
During the War Ordered Out of Pretoria
Because of Susploieus Acte-Large Amount
ef Trafic on the Line to Pretoria,

Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
From THE SUN‘S Correspondent with Gen. Roberts
Pretoria, July 4—There was some firing
beyond Penaarspoort yesterday, but neither
the British nor the Boers appear to seek a gen-

eral engagement.

The railway is now the leading factor in
the settlement here. The Netherlands Com-
pany has been surprised by the amount of
traffic carried by the line within a month after
the British occupation. These is urgent need
for the completion of a quantity of unfinished
engineering work in the shops here and in
order to have this done the British engineers
offered to reémploy a number of the com-
pany’s workmen who had been laid off when
Gen. Roberts seized the line. The offer was
accepted and the men resumed work for a few
days, when a deputation said that they would
be better protected if they were comman-
deered. This was done, but a few days later
there were some defections caused by a Boer
political agent, who persuaded a number of
the workmen that it was unlawful to com.
mandeer labor.

There has been a emaller market than usual
for two days owing to the fact that eleven
Boer wagons, laden with meat and mealies,
were seized at the front. Those in charge
of the wagons declared that they were coming
to the Pretoria market, but it is contended
that the supplies they were carrying were
intended for Commandant-(eneral Botha.

About fifty foreigners who were made bur-
ghers by the Transvaal Government during
the war have been advised to get to the coast
as quickly as possible. Passes have been
given to them. It is stated that after laying
down their arms they acted in such a manner
as to arouse the suspicions of the British and
it was considered that it would be better for
them to leave the country.

Cape Town, July 4.-Advocate Wessels, @
leading barrister of Pretoria, will leave on
Friday for that city to act aa the legal adviser
of Gen. Roberts. His appointment = gives
universal satisfaction.

Lonpon, July 4.--A casualty list iseued by
the War Office to-day contains the names of
sixty-three men who have died from disease
in South Africa. Included in the list are J.
Cooper and K. Irvin, Canadians, One death
fron wounds is also reported,

 

TENEMENT HOUSES FOR HAVANA.

Newly Elected Council Appoints a Committee
to Consider the Question,
& pecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, July 4.~-The first meeting of the
newly elected city officers was held to-day,

+ Various permanent committees were named
anda special committee was chosen to report
on the question of building tenement houses
for the poor.

It was proposed that the municipality of Ha-
vana ask all the municipalities of the island to
Join in petitioning the American Government to
pay the Cuban army in full. Sefior Gener vigor-
ously opposed the proposition, saying that
the time was not ripe for this He de-
vlared that the ex-soldiers should wait
for their money until the island was indepen-
dent. It was then proposed that each munici-
pality should pay off its own soldiers, raising
what taxes it could for the purpose. This
proposition was finally vetoed, as it was argued
that the munioipalities were now so deeply in
debt that they had all they could do to meet
their ordinary expenses.

The Fourth of July was observed quietly here.
The Government offices were closed. The sol-
diers at FE) Vedado took part in field sports, At
noon a national salute was fired from tie Ca-
banas fortress, The Marianao Yacht Club
gave an American dinner this evening in honor
of the day.

Seventeen of the twenty Mayors nominated
by the American Government in Pinar del Rio
were reélected.

KAISER ON GERMANY'S GREATNESS

 

 

Went Be Pat Aside in the Settlement ef Ia-
ternational Preblems.
Special Cable Despatehto THE SUN.

Bern, July 4.—After the launch of the new
warship Wittelabach at Wilhelmshaven yester-
day Emperor William attended a banquet at the
Officers’ Club. The Emperor made a speeche fn
the course of which he said:

“Germany has been compelled to adopt a
world policy. The ocean ia indispensable to
Germany's greatness, and it has been demon-
strated that no great dec'sion can over again be
arrived at without Germany and the German
Emperor. The German people did not conquer
and shed their blood thirty years ago in order
to be thrust aside when great foreign problems
are being settled. If that happened then the
position of the German people as a world power
would be atanend, I am not inclined to allow
matters to reach such a pass. It is the Kaiser's
duty and highest privilege to employ suitable
and even the sharpest methods to prevent /t."’

The Emperor expressed the conviction that
in this matter he had Germany's Princes and
the entire people behind him.

 

BRITISH GET OUT OF KUMASSI.

Besieged Officials Now Reported at Ekwanta,
Twenty Miles Soeth,
Speeial Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, July 4.-—-Col. Willcocks, commanding
the Kumaasi relief expedition, telegraphs the
Colonial Office under date of yesterday that
natives report that Gov. Hodeson and the
wives and families of several officers have left
Kumaasi, where they were besieced by the re-
bellious natives, and arrived at Ekwanta,
twenty miles southwest of Kumassi.

 

DEUTSCHLAND'S MAIDEN TRIP.

 

Big New Hambarg-Amerioan Liner Starts fer
New York With 1,400 Passengers,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
CUXHAVEN, July 4.~-The Hamburg- American
Line steamer Deutschland, which sailed hence
for New York at noon to-day on her maiden
trip, carries 1,400 passengers and 15,000 tons of
fre ght. She ainw at making arecord passage.

 

 

Reward for Senor Caatillo,
Special Cadle Despateh to THE SUN.
Maprip, July 4—The Queen Regent has
created Sefior Castillo, Spanish Ambassador at

Paris, who took a prominent partin. the Span
Be Greertoan peace negotiations, Marquis of
o Muni.

—

Eighty-three Weddings at Michigan's Gretna
Green,

Josgen, Mich, July

 

St. 4.--Elahty-three

couples were married here to-day, establish
anew record for 8t. Joseph asa Gretna Green,

   

 
   

  

Play!

Any game you choose—you can
keep your blood cool and your
netves steady by drinking pienty of

HIRES

Rootbeer

The Favorite Temperance Driak.
A % cent package maces 5 gallons.
Write for lies of premiums eared

free for labels,

CHARLES 6. WIRES CO., MALVERN, PA,