a
4

C4R'S PLUNGE KILLS 41

Breursionists Carried to Death
Down a Tacoma Gulch.

CRUSHED BY HEAVY TRUCKS,

————e

wary Women and Children Among the
Mangled Victims,

 

Sixty-two Others Wounded—Trolley Car Gets
Beyond Control On & Steep Grade
and Jumps the Track om a Curve at the
Entrance to @ Bridge—Piunges Seventy-
five Feet Before Striking—Lands en Ite Top
and the Tracks Crash Through on the
Penned-In Passengere—Victims Terribly
Croshed—A Few Passengers Escaped by
Jamping Before the Car Left the Track.

Tacoma Wash., July 4—Fourth of July
festivitieg were stopped thie morning by the
most serious street railway disaster ever known
inthe West, more shocking than the unfortu-
pate affair at Victoria afew years ago. Forty-

one persons were killed and sixty-two in-

ured,

4 car loaded down with men, women and
children from South Tacoma and Spanawey
Lake jumped the track at a high bridge over a
gulch at Delin and D streets. Turning com-
pletely over as it went through the air, it
landed on its top, and the weight of the trucks
and floor of the car crushed the unfortunate

victims.

Where the car went over there isa sharp turn
ip the track just as it goes on the bridge. This
gave the car a whirl to the right, com-
pletely overturning It. It fell seventy-five feet
through the air until it struck the elde of the
gulch, where the frame work of the car was

smashed to pieces and the wreck kept on down
the steep side, grinding and tearing ite way
through prush and stumps and carrying dead
and wounded with It.

A thousand people gathered ina few min-
ytes and the work of resoue began. There
was little need for axes, The oar was in
splinters and the trucks had gone further down
the gulch, leaving most of the victims free.

On the bridge and lying around on the ground
at the edge of the guloh were the bodies of
many victims, among them women and children.
Same were still alive, but many were dead and
mangled almost beyond recognition.

The injured were carried up the steep bank
tothe top, where carriages and cars were in
waiting to take them to hospitals, or down to
the bottom of the gulch to the water station,
where they were taken by carriages and con-
veyed to the hospitals or to the morgue. Some
of them died on the way.

While the work of rescue was going on the
ground was strewn with the wounded. One
could scarcely go a yard without coming to
either the dead body of a victim or some
one badly crushed but etill alive, A
mother sat on the ground, her hair matted,
with blood and her clothes nearly all torn off,
meaning over her two dead children, who were
ernshed and mangled. Other mothers were
vainly hunting for their children and some
children who survived the wreck were vainly
calling for mothers who were dead.

The car was crowded, many of the passengers
being women and children coming into the city
tosee the parade. Both platforms were filled
to the limit, several men hangicg on from the
lower steps. When the car was half way down
the Delin street grade it was evident to several
of the passengers that the motorman did not
have control of bis car, though people general-
ly did not notice the unusual speed until the
conductor rang the bell several times for brakes.
The motorman attempted to check the speed
of the car, but with little effect. Then
the men on the platforms began to
jump off, taking a number of boys and
several children with them. Some of the chil-
dren were thrown off to alight as best they
could alongside of the track. In this waya
dozen people were saved, though almost all of
them have broken or badly bruised legs or
ankles and are more or less badly bruised about
the head.

Just before the oar struck the sharp curve at
the bridge the motorman jumped off, breaking
both legs. The conductor, who was in the car
cried out, “Look out, we are going over,” Just
asthecar swayed over on its side and shot
through the air toward the bottom of the gulch,
more than 125 feet below. The conductor's
body was found far down the gulch, mangled
alinost beyond recognition.

Atthe hospitals and three undertaking es-
tablishments wereranged the wounded and
dead. Jt was several hours before the last
victims were recognized and identified.

The dead are: 8. M. Weir, Robert Hanaan,

© Palmer, Frank Starison, M. Dz.
Campbell, Frank Laskey, W. H. Davis,
JL. Lacey, Ethel Withers, Mise Palmer,

Bessie Rice, Mrs, Lee, son and daughter of Mrs.
Lee, Bilberg, O. M. Parks, Roy Banes, G,
Swanson, John Reed, Walter Reed, Berdina
Linerman, Roy Lingerman, Teena Schwieson,
Miss Lols Drake, Willie Hastings, Mrs. McCul-
lough, Mrs. Howard, Mre. Saugher, J. D.Calhoun,
conductor, J. P. Lingerman, Mr. Newton,
Miss Barnett, L. A. Healy, Robert Stevie,
Gurshon MeMillan, ——--- MeMullin, 8r., J.
Paulus, John Neissen, William Williamson,
James Benston, J. G. Gording, a boy, Her-
man Moser, Car) Moser, Mrs. Elliott,
George Campbell, Mrs, Fleming, three sons
and one daughter of Mrs. Fleming, all under
8 years of age:

The Injured —F. L, Boegn, motorman; Morris
Schilling, Ole Friberg, —— Hoffman, C. M.Wood-
ruff, Tommy Hartshorn, George C. Botts, ——
Brown, Littlian Severson, Miss Effie Roberts,
Oscar Lee, John Callaghan, John Jaeger, Earl
Baskins, Joseph MoCann, 8. M. Henry, L.
Martin, Mrs. Swanson and four children, Lymen,

jlecy and Roscoe Lee, children of Mrs. C. 0. Lee;
.W Cooper, Anton Hansen, Alf Anderson, Ed-
ard Hoffman, H. L, Weer, G. H. Brown, Otto
Frnneon Francis O'Hara, Goldie Hoffman,
oer Jofman, Sam Mathers, ©. G. Brotton,
allss Lizzie Patterson, Alfred Brotton, Willie
(one tie Arthur Newton, M. M. Hoseing, Mrs.
“ot ger

Misking--Mra, 8. A. Patte: -
ming. Del Flemming atterson, Berge Flem

Three Men Killed in a D., L. & W. Wreck,

SCRANTON, Pa, July 4.—Twocars ona wildcat
fas\-bound freight train on the Lackawanna

‘lroad were derailed on the down grade near
Henryville this morning, and a west-bound fast

weight crashed into the wreck. Three men
je wiled and one injured. The victims are
irry A Coglizer, fireman; George Davis and

Edward Ryan, brakemen, kill y

al G led, and Conductor

Cunningham ‘of Stroudsburg, who waa on the

P a engine of the west-hound freight, ine
ire All traffle was delayed nine hours.

 

 

Trolley Collision Causes Three Deaths.

W ERSTER, Mass., July 4.—Car 14 of the
Worcester and Webster trolley line and Car 18
of the Webster and Dudley Street Railway oame
together this morning in East Webster, There
wna of Deut one hundred d

hese three were killed and rt
seal ae injured. The dead were L. E. stom
wi 26. of Oxford; William Joint, aged 46, of
sonville, Conn., and Hartwell Robbins, aged
ra

8 “f North Geoawanar.

| FROUBLES OF THE COMPANY CLERK.

A Feature of Army Service Diustrated by Twe
Tacidents In the Philippines.

Kapancatan, Negros, P. I,
company clerk of Company “Y,” ‘Steenth
United States Infantry, sat in the orderly room
and perspired with his face and filled {n war
doouments with both hands. Incidentally he
sald things that are not in Holy Writ. It was
&@ muster and pay month and also the end of
@ quarter. Threo company muster rolls, three
detachment muster rolls, three company
Payrolla, three detachment payrolls, two
monthly reiurns of companies, two quar
terly returns of ordnance and a ‘bale of
other documents were plied up in front
of him, and whenever he looked at them
the company clerk sighed and persptred and
said things. The deak he worked at was an
old clothing box, his chair a soap box and his
pen, which had seen service tn the Civil War,
oreaked like a carabao cart in the dry season
The company clerk bad just added a little
water to the teaspoonful of ink that remained
in a cracked bottle when the Second Lieutenant
camein. The Second Lieutenant was a favorite
in the company, but had been absent on de-
tached service up at Jimamaylon. The com-
pany clerk was glad to eee him and stopped
swearing for the first time that week.

“Jonesy,” said the Lieutenant, “I want some
information, I've got a letter here from the
Chief of Ordnance at Washington that says
that I am accountable for one shell ejector
and that I have failed to render any quarterly
return for that shell ejector and that I must at
once satisfy my accountability for sald shell
efector. Now, how am I to do that in regular
form?”

+ *Firet,” sald the company clerk, “have you
got the shel! ejector?”

“Yes,” aaid the Lieutenant, “I've got the
blamed trinket. It’s a piece of steel about
half the size of a match and is part of a Krag
rifle. I guess it’s worth about eight cents.”

“Yes, sir,” said the clerk, “the Lieutenant
should have expended it as soon as he got it,
Then they couldn't bother you.”

“Rlow in thunder,” sald the Lieutenant,
“could I expend it, when none of my men needed

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
   
 
 
  
    
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

“Oh!” said the clerk, “Just send it in on « list
of articles expended anyway. Then you'd
have it to issue when a man needed one, and
they couldn't Jack you up every quarter to
account for it.”

“I'll remember that, Jonesy,” said the Lieu.
tenant, “but, as iarvere stan ow am I to

gayselt with the powers that be?”
The jerk reaphed into a bale of Government
focnmpne ceed ta poses tepe, “Gusreenty
‘orm. It was lal ad in rtype, ‘Quarter
t of Ordnance ed Ordnance Stor :
ved, Issued an oe ning on Hand,
here were 6,000 words of Instructions, telling
how, and how not, to fill it up, printed on the
outside of it. It was one foot wide, two feet
long and leas than a foot thi There were
Atty al pager. } 282 Ines and 1,904 columns
tolt. It welghed less than ten pounds avoirdu-

pois.

The clerk heaved thig blank document into
the waiting arms of the deutenant. The Lieu-
tenant staggered @ then braced himself
againet the |ord.

“Jonesy,” said he, “I’m much obliged to
you, ae. say that you are mighty liberal
with Government property. But I’ve got but
a small detachment at .)imamaylan and have
no use for a hay-wagon load of stationery.”

“That,” said the clerk, “isn’t stationery.
It’s the blank form on which you must account
for that shell ejector.”

The Lieutenant stood the document on end
on the floor and sat in a chair and let
the sweat run off the end of his nose while he
stared at that Brobdignagian form

“Jonesy,” said he, “do you mean to tell ma
that in order to satisfy my_ accountability for
one meaaly piece of steel, the size of a match
and worth elght cents, I've got to smear that
mountain of paper all over with ink?”

“Yes, air,” said Jonesy decisively, “and if
the Lieutenant fails to do so that shell ejector
will follow him to the grave and be visited upon
his children .even unto the third and fourth
generations.”

The Lieutenant stood up and walked around
the document.

“Jonesy,” said he, “do you know where I
can get a native who, for a peseto, will tote
that bale of paper down to the stable where
Ileft my horse?

“The Lieutenant,” said Jonesy, “will find a
dozen of 'em loafing around the ‘Casa Populi’
across the way.”

As the Lieutenant went out a Captain, on
his way up the country Gorare in,

“Hello!” he exclaimed, stan ing in the orderly
room door, “Is that you, Jonesy? Why, you're
the man I've been rooutag for these ten months
gone. Can you spare the time to come over
to the Casa where I'm stopping?
war document I want to show you.”

Jonesy got up, put on his hat and blouse
and trot after the transient Captain. There
were two trunks in the Captain's quarters.
One of them was a pickaninny affair, not much
bigger than a carpet sack, and {t contained the
Captain's clothing, toilet articles and_persor
effecta, The other waa a two-story Baratogal
brass-bound and padlocked. It was jammed
to the cover with the Captain's retained papers.

“Jonesy,” said the Captain sitting down he-
fore the mammoth trunk, “retained papers,
whole cargoes of ‘em, are the only thing that
will prosect an army officer from drink and
eventual insanity. If you don’t meep a retainer
copy of every document you sign, the Depart-
ment heads at Washington or elsewhere will
some day catch you napping. And then’ll
they'll chase you to the gates of the cemetery.”

e Captain dove into the big trunk and came
up with a war document. It had originally
been a simple letter of inquiry. But 100 folds
had been pasted on to the original letter and
on each fold from one to three indorsements
had. been written. @ document now looked
like a petition from the W. C. T. U. to the Secre-
tary of War, asking him to close the army can-
teens and issue a family Bible and a hymn book
to each soldier the night before each battle,
skirmish or expedition. 6 document was
thirteen feet a t inches and a butt lone.

“Jonesy,” sald the Captain, exhibiting the
document in all its glory, “do you recollect the
time when you were my recrulting clerk back
at Bad Axe, Wisconsin? You do. Do you re-
member that once upon a time, during that
clerkship, you made out a ‘quarterly return of
Quartermaater's stores’ for me. Well, Jonesy,
fn that return you made one little mistake that,
had I failed to meet you again, might have
eventually cost me my sanity and possibly my
life. In that return you falled to satisfy my
accountability for one-half dozen lead pencils.
You failed to expend them, transfer them to my
successor, condemn them by a board of sur-
vey, unavoidably lose them In action, capture
them by an enemy or keep them on hand on
that quarterly return. You just left those six
lead pencils hanging up in the air. And I've

n Hanging up along with them ever since.
his document {a the result. If it were not for
is fortunate meeting that document would
oon be long enough for an abominal bandage

for the globe. Now, Jonesy, will you assist
me to certify that those six pencils were ex-
fen jad, in the service, in the line of duty, at

@ recruiting office at Bad Axe, Wisconsin

. §. A. In the year nineteen hundred an
lateenty-‘steen, so help you God.”

“Yor, sir,” said Jonesy, “T'll cuss to a dozen.”

“No,” said the Captains, “that would be aix
too many and it would take the balance of my life
to show how they came into my possession.
Six will do.”

I've gota

 

HAMILTON SMITH DIES IN WATER.

 

Was Trying to Posh a Boat Off a Bar Near
His Summer Home at Durham, N. H.

Dvrwa®, N. H., July 4.—Hamilton Smith of

New York was stricken with heart disease

while boating on a small stream here
this noon, and he died before medical
assistance could be * summoned. Mr.

Smith has occupied a handsome house
on Main street every summer. He arrived
here a short time ago. This forenoon, in com-
pany with his sister, Mrs. Janin, he went out
onthe stream near his house. Ho rowed up
the river slowly, and while engag-d in conversa-
tion with his sister ran the craft upon a sand
bank. Heing unable to push the boat off with
an oar, he took off his shoes and stockings and
stepped into the water. He put his shoulder
to the bow of the boat, and while exerting him-
self to wot the keel free from the sand, had
an attack of heart disease and fell
over. Mrs. Janin Jumped {nto the water and
held her brother up while awalting assistance
in response to her calls. A young man respond-
ed, but Mr. Smith was dead by the time he
reached shore.

Unton Men for One Day Only,

Complaint was made yesterday by the
waiters’ and bartenders’ unions of New York
that waiters’ and bartenders’ organizations in
Brooklyn and Jersey City go to employment
agencies whenemployers ask their unions for
temporary helo and charge non-union mena
gms | fee for the privilege of working. Most of
hese extra men are employed for one day only
and receive aunion card so that they can say
that they are union men. When the job is
ended they are out of the union.

 

Barbers Want Shorter Hours.

Representatives of the Master Barbers’
Association and the Journey men Barbers’ Union

will meet on Monday evening at Emrich’s Hall
in East Forty-firat atreet to arrange a uniform
orerem of wages and hours of labor. Itis said

at the barbers work onan average eighty-four | trusts. It
wishing

bauee a week for 812

May 2.—The

steerer ern eee ae tesa caesieaieenianaaia

eee er
al

Ss

Robt om

.

fom

THE §

wey "Qt

“ve es > “are

UN,

 

OIL TANK SHATTERS 6 MEN, | 2082 2008's carriviry iv cra.

 

STRANGE DISASTER IN A RAILROAD
YARD AT PARKERSBURG, W. VA.

The Of] Was Set Afire in a Collision and There
Was an Explosion When an Attempt Was
Made to Upset It Into a Creek—Women
and Children on the List of Injured.

PARKERSBURG, W. Va., July 4.—An explosion
ocourred this morning in the yard of the Ohio
River Railroad in which six men were blown to
atoms and others eo seriously injured that in
three cases recovery seems impossible.
A car tank containing 6,000 gallons of oll was on
the yard tracks for shipment. Engine 26, with
Will Carr as engineer, was pulling Train 35
south bound, Carr saw that the main track
was open and cameslowly up the yards. The
switch was open and the train ran into the side
track, colliding withthetank car, The collision
knocked a hole in the top of the tank and the
oll ignited. This happened at a few minutes
_ 8 o'clock this morning. It made a great

re.

Master Mechanio Lalime and Supt. Ham-
{lton were called upon to devise some
means of ridding the track of the burning tank
and extinguishing the blaze. They decided to
upset the tank {nto a small creek nearby and
thus save the track. They started to do this.
As the car was turned over the gas that had ac-
cumulated from the burning oil exploded. A
column of smoke hundreds of feet high arose
in the airand it seemed as if it were night.

The cries of the injured filled the alr, yet no
bap could reach them.

hen it became possible to see what had hap-
pened, pieces of bumap bodies were scattered
everywhere. The dead were:

Hawitroe dou it General Superintendent
om. River Ratlroad. : -

 

Lime, E., master mechanic,

MOHLER, CHARLES, yardmaster.

REEVES, BRADLEY, brakeman.

SHANNON, RICHARD, train despatcher.

The badly injured number twenty-one, of
whom three are women and three are childrea.
They are George Huff, Doc Moore, Mra. John
(pebury A. Eisenhour, ‘Bony’’ Cheuvront,

rs. Jack McFarland, Frank and Lee McFar-

land, her little sons; Earl Samuels, John Raw-

son, Wilfred Moore, Mrs. E, P. Nelson, her
aby; George Coleman, William Gatrill, Wealey
umiller, Jim Shields, Jim Barringer, George

rringer, John and Lewis Safred. Charles
Copper {a missing.

When the explosion occurred the huge tank
was split in two, one piece being thrown a
pyneres yards ia one direction and the other
fifty yards another way. latter piece
that did the damage and killed all the people.
It struck a house and tore it down, hurting the
occupants, Master Mechanio Lalime and
Supt. Hamilton were both New York men.
They came pore abou’ earago. LaLime was
the father of alarge family and Hamilton was
unmarried.

The Coroner's Jury,which was impanelled at
10 o'clock this morning, made this report:

“We find that the accident was caused by
the mene yard crew being asleep while on

uty.”

t was the

 

HE STOOPED TO CONQUER.

How a Fat Mascot Won Out a Desperately
Close Game of Baseball,

“I admit that I don't look much like an ath-
lete,” remarked a man whose 320 pounds were
mostly grouped beneath his waistcoat, “but
1 was the means of winning one of the hottest
baseball games ever played. It was along in
the 80s, when the Lightfoot Lilies and
the Ringtail Roarers were rivals for the
championship of Jones county. I was a tall
man then—lying down. I was even stouter
then Iam now. So you can well imagine that
1 was ineligible as a regular Lightfoot. I
was a hot rooter for the team, however, and
a great friend of Capt. Slugger Burrows, so
the boys allowed me to warm the bench during
their trips as a sort of a combination mascot
and non-playing substitute, and 1 think you'll
agree with me when I say it was lucky for them

they did.

“It was the final game of the series that I did
my star work in. The Roarers had won the
tireat game through the phenomenal work of
their pitcher, Cy Priest. We captured the
second contest because Cy was up against it
and couldn't play, hen came the great con-
test of which | am going to tellyou. Lhe news
spread before the game that ‘J had missed
the train and the Koarers would have to use
their sub pitcher, Our crowd were simply
wild with joy. The Lily band played music
tnat would put a cireus out of DuUsiness, and
my enthusiastic substituting from the bench
was only overshadowed by the great work 1
did later on. t
in spite of Cy. Priest's absence. Lhe game
was played with varying fortunes and at the
end of the ninth the score was 32-32. The
Roarers had gone to bat first and in their haif
of the tenth we held them down to three runs,
thanks to Slugger Burrows's freezing on to a
hot one with one hand at short

‘Then came our half and things started off
with a rush. Their twirler couldn't keep the
pill over the pie and the first two up drew free

aAsae Sam Strong singled, filling the bases,
Phen came Burrows Wita oue of his old-tume
two-baggers that cleared the bases, and the
crowd went wild, Men smashed thew hats,
women wept with joy, the band kicked the
bass drum, and,oh Lord, how [ did mascot!
The score was tied, and none out. When the
next two men drew bases on balls, filing the
bases, our joy knew no limits. Like Monte
Cristo, we thought we had the world by the

neck.

“But right here something happened. Sud-
denly one of the Koarers's rootera stood up in
his seat and pointed excitedly toward the road,
Then the whole of their side of the grandstand
jumped to their feet and yelled like people pos-
sessed, And they had reason to, for there was
Cy Priest in a buggy driving like mad for the
grounds, The excitement stopped the game
right there until Cy pulled his horse up short
in front of the grandstand, He got ont and
without a word walked straight toward the
pitcher's box and peeled off hls coat.

“Give me that ball,” he demandad without
a word of explanation, ‘You can’t piteh; go
sit on the bench.’

“Well, sir, you'd besurprised to see the differ-
ence Cy Priest made in that game when things
got going again ‘Bull’ Lhompsen popped an
easy one to third, and the three men on bases
never budged an inch, ‘Home Run’ Hankins
was called out on strikes before he knew he
was at the bat. Things were getting serious,
for Capt. Burrows saw that if we couldn't win
this inning with three men on bases there would
never be another chance while Cy was in the’
box. He ealled the players around him and
after a moment's discussion  dumtounded
the crowd by calling ‘Willie Little to the bat,’
Willie Little being your bumble servant

“But there was method in his macness as
was seen the minute D stepped in the batter's
box. You see my corperation overlapped the
plate by a foot or so, and in order not to feree
in a run on a dead ball or four wide ones, Cy
had to piteh the ball over the plate in the small
space opposite my neck or else just above my
knees, As I might possibly hit the ball if it
eame across my neck, and aa such a thing was
a physical impossibility if he placed it below
my corporation, he decided upon the latter
course, The first two he pitehed were balls
and the crowd laughed, although with me it
WAS a most serious moment. Then came a
atrike, a ball and anothef strike in rapid suc-
ceaston, making it three balls and two strikes,
The strain was intense, and even the band
kept silent. Cy rubbed some dirt upon the
ball and hitched his trousers. Slowly_he swung
his arm back and the next minute T saw the
ball coming straight os a dis across my knees,
I had but a second to think, but [ thought
quickly. Bending my knees | caught the ball
sqnare in the stomach. ‘Dead ball, take yer
base!’ yelled the umpire and the winning run
was forced in, The Roarera protested that I
had tried to get hit, but the umpire looked at
me and shook his head, ‘He didn't have to,’
he said..

“My modesty forbids me deseribing the way
the crowd bore me off the fleld upon their shoufl-
ders, and you can't realize what that means if
you've never tried it. I will sav, however,
that that article the Jonea County Courier
headed, ‘He Stoopa to Conquer,’ Was a8 com-
plimentary a thing as I've ever read outside
of an obituary notice

ee

BURGLAR CAUGHT AT WORK.

Cop Chased Him Over Fences and Through a
Saloon Before He Nabbed Him.
Charles Lasky of 815 First avenue told
Policeman Thornton at 11 o'clock last

night that a burglar was forcing an en-
trance to Snooler's. jewelry store at
M40 First avenue. The policeman went to

the rear of the store and found a man prying
the window bate off. After chas ng the man
over two fences and through a saloon the po-
liceman caught him and tock him to the East
Fifty-first street police station, where he was
recognized as an ex-convict ie said he was
William Watson of 221 East 1218t street.

 

 

Hearst's “Chicago American” Appears,

CHICAGO, July 4.—Hearst’s Chicago American,
the new Democratic afternoon daily news-
paper, was launched in Chicago to-day.
It {s similar tothe New York Journa! in looks
and typographical features. Its statement
to the public says that it will champion Bryan,
free silver at 16 to} populace vote for Sena
the construction of the Nicaraguan Canal, and
without imperialism. t

t
tains a statement f Bry:
for ft auccere anda ‘large eroulation.”

expansio

But we didn't have such a etneh |

th of a Former Victim of the Chinese
Sentiment Against Foreigners,

News of the death of Henry Brougham, first
Baron Loch, who died at his home in London
on June 20 at the age of 73, recalls his trying
adventures in China in 1859, when the attitude
of the Chinese toward foreigners was very
similar to that now existing, Lord Loch, at
that time Mr. Looh, was sent on a diplomatic
mission under Lord Elgin in 1857 to arrange for
the placing of a British Resident in Pekin, but
the mission was delayed on account of the up-
rising in India, Attacks on the persons and
property of British residents in China resulted
in severe punishment of the Chinese by a British
force with the result of causing an extremely
bitter feeling against all foreigners in China.
Nevertheless, the repeated defeats of the Chinese
forces by much smaller bodies of British soldiery
soon cooled the ardor of those Oriental states-
men, who were demanding that all foreigners
should be driven into the sea, and in 1850 Lord
Elgin went to Tien-Tsin to arrange for a cessation
of hostilities, taking Mr. Loch as secretary of
the mission, The meeting with the Chinese
Commissioners was arranged to take place at
Tung-Chow, and Mr. Loch with Mr. Parkes,
afterward Sir Harry Parkes, and Mr. Bowlby,
a@ newspaper correspondent, went forward to
arrange a site for the oamp of the British force
of Gen. Sir Hope Grant.

The Chinese General, smarting under his
previous defeats, saw a chanoe to revenge him-
self upon the British, and with his 80,000 men
artanged an ambush for the 5,000 British soldiers.
This ambush the Englishmen discovered, and
after a consultation it was arranged that Mr.
Loch should return to warn the British advance
guard, while the other two went to Tung-Chow
for the purpose of protesting to the Chinese
Commissioners against such treachery, With
an escort of two Sikh troopers Mr. Loch galloped
through the Chinese linea, which meanwhile
had spread out over the country that he had
recently traversed, gave warning to the advance
guard, thereby undoubtedly saving the British
force from disaster, and then rode back again
to the comrades he had left behind him. All
then started back, the entire party consisting
of a small force of
Guards. A Chan een War the ont ea tat
the Chinese had attacked the British forces
and the battle was on, Before the ld get
away Messrs. Loch, Parkes and Bowiby, ‘.
gether with the Sikh troopers several of

officers, were captured. Col, Walker, in
command of the Dragoons, had a better chance

and succeeded in charging through the Chinese
lines and rejoining the British.

The prisoners were treated with the utmost
indignity. They were dragged fr their
horses and thelr faces ground in the dirt.
Then they were bound with hemp ropes as
gedy as their captors could draw the ropes,
which were then wet. Under the shrinkage
the flesh of the captives was terribly lacerated.
Thus bound they were thrown into a rough
cart and taken to Pekin, where they were tm-
prisoned with a gang of murderers and other
criminals.

What kindnessea they received were from
these criminals, who shared their food with
the foreigners. Their jailora treated them
inhumanly, chaining them to overhead beams.
For nine days they were there. At night their
chains were tightened so that they could not
lie down or even sit. One night Mr. Loch
was kept suspended by the neck and ankles
and would have strangled but for the aid of
the other prisoners, who took turna in sup-
porting his weight.

One by one the prisoners sickened and died
under this treatment Lieut. Brabayon and
Mr. Bowlby died of their injuries and of weak-
ness Iieut. Anderson went mad and died
raving. Nearly all the &{kh troopers ished,
some of them from starvation, as hey ot
almost. no food Messrs. Loch and Parkes
bore the strain better than the rest. They
were put into bamboo cages for a time and
exhibited to the populace. who reviled them
and threw missiles at them. When the news
came of the overwh defeat of the Chinese
forces, the treatmant of the si ving prisoners

changed for the better. irst they wera
taken to a p w thev were by therm-
selves Then Loch arkes were taken

to a joss house wore were fed on the best
that the cl afford, and soon afterward
were permitted f° about within the walls
of the city. Medieal treatment, such as it was,
was allowed them and they b
of getting back to their
oe n

Had they known if at that time, they were
in greater peril of their lives than at any time
before, for their death warrant, signed by the
Emperor, was already on the way in the hands
of couriers. But. Prince Kung, a powerful
leader, had been bestirr himself on behalf
of the prisoners and had finally issued his or-
ders for their release and sent them by the
awiftest messengers he could find. The orders
reached their destination fifteen minutes he-
fore the Imperial courters were in the city.
The prisoners were put into a covered cart and
smuggled out of the city. They reached th
British army in —: Lord Loch was of
vigorous physique and always declared that
he had suffered no permanent weakening or
injury from the tortures to which he was sub-
sorte te what was then the worst prison in

‘hina

an to have hopes
ow countrymen

 

 

TORE UP THE RAILROAD,

Discharged Enginesr Gets Even by Stop-
ping All Traffic.

Thomas Golden, the engineer of the minia-
ture railroad which runs along the beach at
Coney Island, was discharged yesterday and
two hours later he came around and pulled up
the railroad tracks, Atrainof eight small cars,
each carrying two children, was about to
start out when the manager of the line was in-
formed that the discharged engineer had taken
away asection ofthe road. Edward Williams,
the owner of the line, reported the matter to
the police and they arrested Golden. They re-
fused to take bail for him because they con-
sidered the crime just as grave as if he had
torn up the tracks of a real railroad.

GEN. ALGER'S SON INJURED.

Loses His Right Hand by an Explosion of
Fireworks at Grand Mere, Que.
MonTrea", Que, July 4. Russell A, Alger,
dr., sonof Gen. Alger, former Sectretary of War
of the United States, met with a serious accident
to-night at Grand Mere, Que. Mr. Alger was
taking partin a Fourth of July celebration and

was engaged in setting off some fireworks when
the bomb exploded, blowing off his right hand
and seriously injuring hia arm. Medical as-
sistance Was sent from Montreal.

 

SHOT AT HIS ANNOYERS.

Ballet From the Pistol of a Watchman Wor-
ried by Firecrackers Wounds a Girl,

Joseph Jones, 65 years old, who is employed
as a private watchman in the dry goods dis-
trict, was followed through Broome street last
night by a crowdof boys and girls who an-
noyed him by hooting and throwing lighted
firecrackers at him, At the corner of Wooster
street he faced the crowd, drew his pistol and
fired. The bullet hit seven-year-old Jennie
Timpane inthe leg, She was taken to the hoa-
pital. Jones was arrested

Said ‘Here Goes" and Drank Poison.

Mrs. Elizabeth Dowd, 35 years old, of 339 East
Ninety-third street, walked into her kitchen
last night while her husband was eating his sup-
per and said: “Here goes.” Her husband
thinking she had a glass of beer in her hand an
was drinking his health, laughed and said;
“Let her go.’ In_a minute the woman began
to groan and then he discovered that she nad
taken carbolic acid. He furcedsome milk down
her throat, but the woman was dead before
medical aid arrived. Dowd raid that his wife
had been sick and despondent for a week

St. Louls Strike Settlement Ratified.

St. Lovis, Mo., July 4.-At a meeting of the
local #reet railway unionat West End Coliseuin
this morning_a motion yet Pp t ratifying the
settlement effected by the strike committees,
and it was unanimous'y passed,

 

pe 42s GREAT ‘WESTERN.
. A NATURAL CHAMPAGNE
Ni FINEST QUALITY

4 i PRODUCED IN
i AMERICA.

Try 1& I¢ will not disappoint you.
Bottled only by the Plessant Valley
Wine Company (Organized 1860),

For Sale by
. B. KIRK & CO., NEW YORK,
8. 8. PIERCE CO., BOSTON,
And all firvt-class dealers,

 

THURSDAY,“ JULY §&, 1900.

CANTON HEARS M’KINLEY,

SPEECH BY THE PRESIDENT AT A
CANNON PRESENTATION.

A Tribute te Those Who Have Carried the
Flag to Victory in All Our Wars—Judge
Day Makes an Address and Alludes to the
Grand Results of the Latest Conflict.

Canton, Ohio, July 4—A cannon was pre-
sented to this city by the Navy Department to-
day. The President attended the ceremonies
andin response to repeated demands from the
crowd spoke as follows:

“My fellow citizens: I will not consent to
prolong these exercises beyond making ac-
knowledgment for your generous call and
expressing as well the pleasure which
I have had in participating with my neighbors
and fellow citizens in the observation of this
anniversary, one of the most sigvificant, if
not the most significant, in American an-
nals. The sacred principles proclaimed in
1776 in the city of Philadelphia, advanced
triumphantly at Yorktown, made effect-
ive in the formation of the Federal Union
in 1787, sustained by a united people in every
waron a foreign power, upheld by the su-
preme sacrifices of the volunteers of 1861,
sealed in solemn covenant at Appomat-
tox Court House, sanctioned within the
last two years with the best blood of the
men of the North and the men of the South at
Manila and Santiago and Porto Rico, still an!-
mate the American heart, and still have their
force and their virtue, (Loud and long
continued applause), and, adhering to them
as we have always adhered to them
at any oost or at any sacrifice, we find our-
selves after 124 years formed into a more perfect
union, stronger and freer than ever before,
strengthened in every one of its great
fundamental safeguards and mightier in ite
power to execute ite holy mission of liberty,
equity and justice. (Great applause.) Sum-
moning the precepts of the fathers, we still
maintain inviolate the blessings of free govern-
ment at home and carry its benefits and bene-
dictions to our distant possessions, which he
under the shelter of our glorious flag.” (Great
and long continued applause.)

Judge Day, former Secretary of State, said:

“We give this day to our country. To-day all
party differences are forgotten and we remem-
ber only that we are Americans. One hundred
and twenty-four years ago the Fathers
of the Republic declared the independence
of the United States of America. Less
than three million of people and thirteen feeble
and scattered colonies, the largest having
a free population of less than half a million,

threw off all foreign allegiance § and
dedicated this country to the cause of
self-government by the people. We succeeded
against strong odds and through untold suffer-
ing and sacrifice in maintaining the indepen-
dence which we had declared.”

After a reference to the Civil War Judge Day
continued:

“From that conflict the soldiers of Grant and
Lee, of Sherman and Johnston returned to the
vocations of civil life. Those who were the best
soldiers became the best citizens, and the world
saw great armies melt into the walks of civil
life and industry without disturbance and with
respect for the laws of peace. Our country has
grown in wealth and material development un-

 

 

til to-day we are in the front rank
in the commerce and manufactures
of the world, carryin, our products

into all parts of the earth and entering through
every avenue of trade, sometimes through open
doors, sometimes finding our way through
those half closed to Uncle Sam aod his
wares.” He alluded to the war with Spain,
and sald:

“That struggle, brief and decisive as it was,
has added a new and glorious page to our
history. It has again demonstrated the valor
efficiency of the American soldier and
sailor. Bert of all, it has put out forever
the last dying ember of the fires of sec
tional hate, and America is united to-
day as never before in her history. That
the struggle demonstrated that American
patriotism at ll lives and that the commercial
spirit and the eager chase for dollars have
not extinguished the patriotic fire of the fath-
ers. Itis not my province on this occasion to
discuss the consequences of the war. It has
brought us new probiems. They must and will
be met with courage and patriotism. The
world must be better and the | orders of liberty
enlarged wherever the American shall go.

“That war has given the American people a
standing with the nations of the earth such as
we never had before. The American abroad is
treated with respect and consideration to which
he was a stranger a few years ago

“To-day let us renew our vows of devotion to
our country. Let ua rejoice that we are citizens
of this great republic. Let us remember
that our country will be what its citizens
make it We have no cause for fear.
Thepast at least is assured We may look to
the future with a courage born of difficulties
metandovercome. To-day let us look up at
the flag and rejoice that {t represents our
heritage re

At the McKinley home considerable attention
is being paid to the news of the Kansas City
Convention, but those about the house are care-
Tul not to comment thereon. The news comes
to the house in bulletins from the two telegraph
companies and from the press associa-
tions and is referred to the President
as promptly us the demands of crowds
constantly about the house will permit.
The Prosident has been keeping early hours
during this vacation, going to bed about 10:15,
Tonight he is in the library much later, and
frequent calla are made by bearers of conven-
tion news, '

All the officers of the Eighth Ohio Regiment
called this evening and were received on the
orch, Latera party of commercial travellers
rom all over the country organized
at the hotel, and headed by E. C. Smith of
Columbus marched up to the President's house
to pay their respects and to extend to him their
good wishes, ‘lhe President chatted with them
pleasantly and they left much pleased with
their view. A smaii party of railway engineers
called,

 

FOUR PRINTERS ON A LARK,
In Two Fights, One Among Themeelves, and
in a Ranaway.

Geneva, N. Y., July 4--Albert H, MoGuffy,
Frank 1. Warden, Peter G. Matthews and
flenry Herberts, printers, who said that
they lived in Rochester, arrived in this city
yesterday morning “on a lark,” as they said,
and to celebrate the Fourth of July. They
afterward went to Seneca Falls by trolley,
Between Geneva and Waterloo, the first sta-
tion east of Geneva and Seneca Falls, McGuffy's
hat blew off and fell into the canal. When
the party arrived in Seneca Falls MeGuffy
purchased for 10 cents what is locally known
as a “Cowfeed” hat, with a four-inch brim,
Shortly before noon the four printers hired a
horse and a carriage of a liveryman, drove to
Freebridgo, hired a row boat and went fishing.
While they were in the boat a light rain fell.
The fish were biting well and the men remained

onthe water. When the sun came outit warped
McUuffy's hat out of shape.

After the men reached shore they heard
that a dance was to be given in the evenin,
at Terwillinger’s tavern on the State roa
near which they would pass as they returne
to Seneca Falls. The four printers were in
the bar room of the tavern when hobert Bris-
coe, two other young men and three young
women passed through the hall on the way
tothe ballroom, The bar room door wag open
and Briscoe looked in. He saw MeGuffy and
his hat. Thinking that McGuffy was to attend
the dance, Briscoe turned to one of his men
companions and remarked: “That's a hell
of a hat to come to a dance in.”

MeGufly, who heard the remark, took a fish
from his basket, walked into the hall and struck
Briscoe across the face with it. As the tail
of the fish whisked across Briscoe's mouth he
struck at MeGuffy and knocked him down.
The three printers ran to theassistance of Me-
Guffy,while the companions of Briscoe turned
in to help him, The young wormenran up-
staira and told what was going. on below.
Dancing stopped immeciately. The men hur-
ried downstairs, while the women gathered
about the head of the staira and watched the
fight. MeGuffy, who had regained his feet
was again knocked down, kicked and Jumped
upon. He was rendered unconscious he
dance broke up d after the battle the guests
went away. Dr. Redpath, who lives near the
tavern, waa summoned, He said that MeGuffy

was injured internally and may die
Matthews, Warden and Herberts started
for Seneca Falls at about midnight. They

and then one of them fred a

began to sing
The three men

pistol and the horse ran away
were thrown out and Warden had bis left arm
broken. The vehicle was demolished. War-
den was taken to a nearby house and Dr. Red-
vath sent for, Matthews and Herberts started
to walk to Seneca Falls. They missed the road
and arrived in Waterloo. They quarrelled
about what they had done and had a flat fight
near the fair grounds. Herberts came to this
city and yoqurned to Rochaster this morning.
When asked where Matthews was, Herberts
replied that the last he saw of )..m he was look-
ing for a doctor in Waterloo.

 

OBITUARY.

Vice-President of the
t. Louls yesterday at
Democratic Nation
ht vears, He was
wife a year ago.

John G. Priest, former!
Missouri Pacific, died in
the age of 78, He was
Committeeman for e'
vorced from his secon

PLY-FISHING IN. THE FAR NORTH.

Now Is the Time Whea the Fighting Ouna-
niche Is Rising Merrily.

Quusrc, July *.—Except in a few solitary in-
stances, the spring trout fishing in Canada has
not been up to the usual mark. The season has
been all against the fishermen, and the weather
conditions not those that favor the taking of
greattront. The early salmon fishing has been
affected in much the same way. Anglers were
unable to do anything upon the rivers in the
early part of the season on account of ita exceed-
ing tardiness, the large quantities of snow that
lay late in the woods causing heavy freshets.
Late in June, just as a succession of dry weather
was getting the salmon streams into good con-
dition for fishing, there came such heavy down-
pours of rain that the rivers were swollen to
unusual proportions, and according to recent
advices several days of fine weather must elapse
before anglers can look for much success.

J. J. Hill of St. Paul, President of the Great
Northern Railway, has left for his river, the St
John, on the coast of Labrador, joining his
Steam yacht at Quebec with a party, Including
two of hissonsand Dr. C, E. Smith. Thisis Mr.
Hill's first visit to his stream, and {t will extend
over several weeks. He bought the fahing
rights from the Government two years ago for
$3,500 a year, but only enters into possession of
them this season

The exception to the quality of fisherman's
luck in Canada this year has fallen to the lot of
those “who have fished the chosen waters where
the ouananiche is waiting.” Here some marvel-
lous good sport has been had. The season was
late and in fact it was almost the end of June,
instead of the early part of the month, that the
fresh water salmon rose to the anglers’ flies in
the turbulent rapids, but this month the condi-
tions are such that the sport should be at its
best. The Saguenay'’s forty miles of rapid
water that commences with the river's issue
from Lake St. John is the home par excellence
of the ouananiche, It exists also in some of the
rivers of northern Newfoundland and Labrador,
but nowhere else isitso easily got at or dows it
afford such great sport to the angler as in the
rapids of the Grand Discharge. Itis a thrilling
sensation to shoot these rapids |n the frail canoes
of the Canadian and Indian voyageurs with
nothing but a sheet of birch bark and the skill
of a dusky guide between one and eternity.

Some of the very best ouananiche fishing
is to be had in the large expanse of water be-
low the first falls of the discharge. Here the
wily ouananiche may always in season be
fought and killed, either from the shore or
from the canoes of the guide, who will safely
paddie you through whirdns rapide, around
dangerous rocks and eddies, and by the eage
of the toam-covered pools wiere the Iresh-
water salrnon best love to linger in large-sized
shoals, waiting to apring upon their prey as
soon as their favorite fly feats by. he in-
sect life that becomes entangled tn the foam
churned up by the rapids affords such appetiz-
ing diet to the ouananiche, that the angler al-
most invariably meets with success by drawing
his flies slowly through the patches of aceumu-
lated scum. Often before he has discerned
any movement in the water he will ieel the
tug that tells him that a ouananiche is fast to
his line. Ii he had seen the rise o! the fish, he
might have struck and lost him, for the ouan-
aniche does not always take the fiy like the
trout. Sometimes he rises short as fontinalis
does, but often he fumbles with the artificial
lure much as does his near congener, the sal-
mon of the sea, and like the latter he may re-
ject it altogether and spew it out of his mouth
if the angler strikes too soon. When this oc-
ours, and when the fish are rising short, the
001 should be rested for a time, if the ouanan-
che seem to be large.

When the ouananiche hooks himself or is
successfully struck by the angler, it often hap-
pees that he springs into the air with euch rap-
dity that his leap seems to be simultaneous
with his rise to the fly. He is astand-up fighter
and never sulks, If he makes a long and rapid
run he does ‘not long remain in deep water.
Ha is quickly at the aurface again, and often,
very often, leaps high in the air as though he
would fl@ht the anaiee in his own element, and
if noasible snatch his weapon from hia hand

The reporta so far received from the Grand
Discharge this season would seem to indicate
that the fish are running large, several of 4
and 4% pounds having been recorded. If
some of the anglers who are inclined to ques-
tion in the sporting papers the stories. of fish
jumping into boats and causes when hooked
were to interview the judges of the Grand
Discharge, they would find plenty of confirma-
tion of them. It is by no means an uncom-
mon occurrence for the ouananiche to leap
into a canoe and sometimes they have leaped
out again. There is a well authenticated tale
of one fish which leaped directly out of the
water and landed flat upon the silk hat of a
Montreal judge who was sitting on the botton
of the same canoe as the angler who had hook
the leaping fish. In the Mistaseini River, which
is one of the tributaries of Lake St. John, the
onananiche may be seen leaping up_the fifth
falls, which are fifteen feet high. They are
then on their way to the apawning grounds,
and they do the trick in two parts, landing
after the first leap in a amall pool or basin,
about midway up the face of the cataract,
whence (per take their final leap over the edge
of the fall«

The guides at the Grand Discharge are not
only excellent canoemen, They are goad
anglers and very clever with the landing net,
too. They are almost entirely French-Ca-
nadian rorageura, and come of a hardy race
of backwoodsmen accustomed to lumber driv-
ing in ewift waters. Yet few of them can
swim. Many anglers like them all the better
on this account believing that they are the
more likely to be careful in preventing the
upsetting of the canoe.

MISSOURI IS REALLY CLOSE.

 

 

 

A Supreme Effort Will Be Made to Tern the
Political Corner There This Election.

The Republicans of Missouri have nominated
Joseph Flory, now State Railroad Commiasioner,
for Governor, and the Democrats have nomi-
nated former Congressman Dockery for the same
office, the term of which is four years. Mr.
Dockery, the Democratic candidate, was edu-
cated as a physio'an, and he was in professional
practice in Missouri until he organized a bank,
of which he was elected cashier. The Repub-
lican candidate was chosen unanimously in the
Kaneas City convention of the party, and it is
pointed out as a circumstance favoring his
prospects that the present Democratic Governor
of the State, Lon V. Stephens, was Treasurer
before his elevation to the Governorship, and
that the rule of promotion by gradation is a
well established one in Missouri.

Thirty years ago there was a vigorous con-
test for party contro] in Missouri. The Demo-
cratsa, for the first time in a number of years,
carried the State by a majority of 40,000, elect-
ing B. Gratz Brown, who two years later was the
Democratic candidate for Vice-President of the
UnitedStates, From that year until the present
the Republicans have been unable to suceead
in a State election, notwithstanding the fact
that the city of St. Louis is usnally Repub-
lican, and gave at the last State election more
than 9,000 Republican majority, During all
this period, Missouri has remained impervious to
many of the political influences which made even

Kentucky, which adjoins it, a doubtful State,
and notwithstanding the large growth of St.
[ouia in population and the general substitu-
tion of progressive Northern methods for
those which dominated that city at the time
when the steamboat trade of St. Louis with
New Orleans, Vicksburg and Memphis was |ia
moat important local interest
The Republicans have had good can
didates and they have made strong contests
for them. Missouri was represented in the
Harrison Cabinet oy Secretary Noble and is
represented in the McKinley Cabinet Wt. Sec-
retary Hiteheock. ase an aid to the Mivsourt
Republicans in their fl@ht for control the Re-
publican National Convention of 1806 was held
in St. Louis, but notwithstanding these ad-
vantages and the efforts of Republicans in
other States Miseouri has remained stead-
faxtly Democratic, although not usually by
a majority so large as to preclude the notion
that with active effort it might be overcome.
The explanation of the apparent inability
of the Republicans of Misaouri to win is, how-
ever, quite simple. The immigration Into the
rural counties, which number more than one
hundred, is almost exclusively from Kentucky,
Tonnessee and Virginia or from the southern
portions of Indiana and Tlinots, which are
stronger Democratic. As @ consequence the
Demoeratic lead is peing increased by itnmi-
eration more rapidly than the Republicans
gain in number in the city of St. Louis, and
Miasouri remains {nthe Democratic column,
One reason which leads the Republicans
thia year to believe that they have rather more
than a fighting chance for success is the fact
that during the past three years there has been
an enormous development of the zinc and lead
dustries of southwestern Missouri, especi-
ty in Jasper, Lawrence and Newton counties.
This at increase of production has drawn
into the State large numbers of miners and
has added much to the capital invested, con-
ditions which in Missouri as elsewhere are
favorable to Republican success, Since the
last national election, too, the Democrata have
lost their most conspicuous M’ xonri leader,
Richard P. Bland, and the selectic., of Kansas
Gi, as the plece of holding the Democratic
pa onal Convention was a concession to the
political exigencies of the Democrats of Mis-

<

|

nn

-
>

&
FILIPINO HOPE IN BRYAN,

PROPOSED PEACE CONVENTION AT
MANILA PAILS,

Some Insurgent Leaders Withdraw, Basing
Hope of Independence on Bryan's Election
~Senor Paterno Takes the Oath of Alle.
slance and Is Striving to Secure Peace.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SuN,
| MANILA, July 4.--’The substance of the follow-
ing was presented at the telegraph office on
Sunday, but was not released by the censor
until to-day:

Sefior Paterno’s proposed Filipino convention
was disintegrating all last week. Factions
arose between the military men and the former
members of Aguinaldo’s so-called Cabinet, and
some of the delegates left Manila. The
tendency seems to be in the nature of @ desire
for individual advancement. The military men
are especially anxious to obtain Jobs,

When the meeting was called originally it ts
believed that the majority were sincere in their
desire for peace. But the delay in getting the
meeting started permitted the enemies of peace
to spread ull sorts of rumors discrediting the
whole affair and created quarrels. Sefor
Mabini, who Is said to have been the ablest of
Aguinaldo’s advisers, and Sefior Buencamino,
#nother member of the old insurgent cabinet,
withdrew their support,

Finally Sefor Paterno announ ed a meeting
for last Sunday and issued a programme, This
proposed what purported to be an American
protectorate, but what veally was independ-
ence, This resutted.in Gen. MacArthur sup-
pressing the meeting und revoking Paterno’s
parole. Paterno realized the inevitable and
took the oath of aliegiance, whereupon he was
again released. Thus the chief obstacle to
peace is believed to have been removed and
the best element of the Filipinos is now united
and striving to bring the rebellion to an end.

The way this convention matter was muddled
seems to demonstrate the inability of the Fille
pinosto maintain self-government. Many of
the leaders, however, still think they have a
chance for independence. They base their hopes
first, on Bryan's election, and, second, on pos
sible insurgent suce ‘sses during the rainy eea-
son when itis supposed the Americans will be
wenkened by the withdrawal of troops for ser-
vice in China, For this reason they advocate
further resistance, American political news of
the slightest possible moment is intensely inter-
esting to the Filipinos,

Reports from various points show that ame
nesty is slowly filtering throuch the provinoes,
The people seem tobe somewhat suspicious and
are waiting to see whit the result will be, Gen.
MacArthur's liberation of nine Generals last
week will have a powerful Influence

The capture of Gen. Ricarte, the promoter of
all the uprisings in Manila, insures immunity
from disturbances here in the future.

carte peepee cr
JOCKEYS,

 

 

a

 

In England They Think Ours Are the Best=
Sloan's Lessons.

From the London Field,

The art of training is not a very deep mystery.
It is when one comes to the riding that the
serious trouble begins. The difficulty of breed-
ing good racehorses fades almost out of sight
compared with that of obtaining good jockeys.
So extremely scarce is the jockey of genius
that, In enumerating all of this caliber to which
England has been able to lay claim, it would
scarcely be necessary to employ the fingers
of both hands.

For very many years past the way in which
racehorses have been ridden has given great
dissatisfaction to owners and responsible
trainers, who have seen the work of months
cast to the winds through the incompetence,
indifference to instructions, or even worse,
on the part of the jookey, Utterly lacking
in originality, jockeys have followed one an-
other like so many sheep and up to a certain
period every race from five furlongs upward
was run on similar lines. Whatever the dis-
tance, and however keen each seemed to be
to get off before any other, no sooner was @
start effected than there commenced a whole-
sale pulling and hauling as though the fear
existed that the horses could not survive to
the end of the distance if let go. Distance
races were robbed of their value because it
was the rule to ignore any part save the last
quarter of a mile or so. Jockeys were all wait-
ing for that bugbear of English race riding,
the artistic finish. To win by a short head
with seven pounds in hand might not unreason-
ably be stated to be the aim and object of the
Englith jockey,

Suddenly on the scene appeared Sloan, the
American jockey. Being something quite
different to what had been seen before in Eng-
land he was very properly ridiculed. “Monkey
on a stick” was the favorite description of his
attitude on a horse, The simile may not be
tnapt, but the monkey began to win races
with extraordinary frequency. His seat was
absurd, because he could not control a hi ,
yet horses came straight through long -
tances for him. How could he use his whi
in that position? He would fall off if he tried.
Yet he anatched races in the last few strides,
whip or no whip, When, at Newmarket, he
won five races off the reel, we were told
mounta were picked for him. Perhaps they
were by that time, and with most excellent
reason, Trainers had become tired of intrust-
ing picked mounts to jockeys who threw away
a certainty through the overpowering attraction
of the “artistic finish,” or from 9 contemptible
ignorance of pace. In Sloan thev yound §
jockey who did not nulify the value of a @
start by immediately pulling lus mount kk
to the others, but let it zo smoothly on, who,
if told that the horse he wae bestriding had n
trained to encompass a mile and a half at {te
best pace, did not cover the first mile ata eentes
and so make a four furlong race of it, but ra
all the way. By these aimple tactics, fortified.
no doubt by a fine knowledge of nace, he set
at naught the suggestion of picked moun
by winning easily, time after time on animals
that could make no kind of show with an Eng
lish Jockey up. ,

It is now recognized that nothing could ha
been more favorable to the best interests o
the turf than the advent of Sloan and the com-
{ne to England of his now considerable follow.
ing. The character of our races has
completely altered, for when an American
jockey is up {it is an wnusvel thing for the race
not to be run true. Inte the public the Amet-
iean jockeys have instilled the greatest cone
fidence, for, with their own eyes, they can see
them on every occasion trving to get “firat
past the atick.” The frequency with which
they do this has become extraordinary.

At Ascot we saw them win aeventeen races
out of twenty-eicht, leaving only eleven to be
divided among their numerous English rivala,
and a few days later the three Armerienans who
were ridirg at Gatwick on the first day won
every race on the card between them. Some
reasons for this success have heen sugested,
but there are others. The neouliar seat, ridicu-
lous as it appears to Ene@inh eves, is a very
important factor. The forward position of
the aaddile is In obedience to the theory that,
an a horse's propelling powers come solely
from behind, that portion should be left aa fre
as possible. The crouching attitude is adop'
out of deference to the theory of wind resistan
which ia a board school matter. It is not t
invention of Sloan or any other nale face jockey,
but was adopted from the North American
Indian. We have never seen it stated in print,
no it may be interesting to learn that the way
the crouching ceat came to be adopted was
after an instructive leason received by an Amer-
inan stable at the instance of some Indians
There, riding the horses in tye style belove
of the illustrators of Fenimere Cooper an
kindred writers, brought about inexplicable
results, for which ever horse one of them rode
in a trial won, althongh previously proved to
be a atone or eo worse than those it defeated
Americans are admittedly more receptive
than ourselves, eo, instead of indulging in sar-
castic allusions to monkeys on «ticks, they set
about inquiring into the _Inwardness of things.
The reanit is before us. In America the mat
of wind pressure is intelligently taken inte
consideration. Here tt {s comprehende
Hmited number. The majority would soo
at the American who went ovt into the open
and presently said, “There’a a seven-pound wind
blowing to-day.” But why scoff? Speaking
roughly, racehorses running short distances
travel at a rate of thirty-five miles an hour
Call thie a pressure of five pounds per square
foot and it is at once demonstrable to the com-
monest intelligence that a Jockey who presents
one foot leas surface of resistance than an-
other has a five-pound advantage over him.
This is why one hears the remark made that the
American jockeys ride five pounds ter
than thore of England

Trolley Car Cat Off His Legs.

Willlam Evans, 19 years old, of Cortlandt
stroet, Coney Island, was knocked down and
run over last night by a trolley car of the Smith
street line, at West Filth street and Park place.

Coney Island. Evane was removed to the
Seney Hospital in Begokize, where both ef his
legs were amputated he nvtorman

a

the
car was arrested. :