a

eS

“—e

ae

en

eS

 

|

The Tragedy at Kansas City.

The man who planned personal humilta-
tion for Davin Bexnetr Hin at Kanses
City, and who tnflicted that humiliation
with a merciless directness which cannot be

called brutal because it was intelligently

preconceived and calculated, was RicHakBD

CROKER,

The man who really crushed Mr. Hint at
Kansas City and defeated his final attempt
to assert in the national affairs of the De-
Mmocracy the title to leadersh\p which he has
g0 often, and often 80 auccesetully, main-
tained under diMeult circumstances, was
Wiuiam J. Bryan, and he alone.

The two widely different aspects of the

sensational incident in the cancus of the
New York delegation should be clearly dis-
tinguished.

All that Cronen achieved in the way of
personal revenge and political advantage

by the downfall of Huis and his friends was
due to his prompt and adroit use of the op-
portunity afforded him by Bryan's resolute
adherence to his conviction of the silver
fssue's living importance to the Democracy.
If Bryan had wavered or weakened under
the tremendous pressure brought to bear
upon him to sacrifice one principle, Davip
B. Hin. would have been the man of the
hour in the New York delegation, and, next
to Bryan, the man of the Convention.

But Bryan did not yield. Against his
honest courage of mistaken convictions
the miserable policy of evasion, suppression

and compromise which has marked Mr.
Hin's course now for just four years shat-
tered itself into a thousand pieces And Mr.

Croker, caring as little, perhaps, as any
man within the four corners of the Unton for
the moral significance of the spectacle, Was
on hand to enjoy t}e destruction of his rival
in State politics and to profit by it,

Of sympathy for Mr. Hint there can be
little or none among st raightforward per-
He, too, had his opportunity four

eons.
years ago.
Campaign Ammunition.

Young men have especial reason for
voting the Republican ticket this year.
Here is one of them who wants to persuade
others to vole it

‘To THe Horror or THE SuN- Sér For the
benefit of those joung men who like myself, are In-
tending Wo participate actively In the coming cam-
paign, why not publish a select list of courcea of
information fim waich we may acguire a safe supply
of gun-cotton arguments and projectile points for
ekirmish use? GRORGE A, GREEN,

“BROOKLYN July 2

Some of the best Republican arguments

can be found by comparing Democratic plat-
form and prophecy with the facts. Take
the Chicago platform and Mr. Bryan's
long string of doleful predictions. Take
the Populist Omaha platform of 1802, a still
more doleful document, respectfully saluted,
by the way, by the Sioux Falls convention
that nominated Bryan and Towne. How
fatally ludicrous, in the light of events,
is the Chicago declaration, that gold mono-
metallism has caused “a fall in the price
of commodities produced by the people,”
and ‘‘prostration of industry and im-
poverishment of the people,” and “ has
locked fast the prosperity of an in-
dustrial people in the paralysis of hard
times.” And the Omaha pla\ ‘orm, a Fourth
of July production, is even choicer, “We
meet in the midst of a nation brought to
the vergo of moral, political and material
ruin” and so on, Get all the Democratio
campaign text books of 1896 and all Brran’s
speeches you can. Read his “First Battle.”
Out of their own mouths the Democrats
and Populista are condemned. Exactly the
contrary of pretty much everything that
they foretold has happened. It would be
absurd to trust in the financial visions of
auch convicted false prophets.

A practical and common sense method,
teating the silver theories by results, is
all that is needed. To go into the abstract
merits of the old discussion would be an
endless task, for of books on finance and
the currency there is no end.

As to the income tax, Trusts, Govern-
ment by injunction, no course of reading
fs necessary. They are subjects as to
which observation of the facts and an
avoidance of maudlin sentimentality will
give sufficient information. You need no
Dang. come to judgment to tell you that
an income tax from which incomes of leas
than $4,000 are exempted is not just or
equal. As to the Constitutional question
{involved you have only to etand by the
Supreme Court, however ready to reverse
the decisions of that body the Democrats
may be. There are a number of books
on Trusts and combinations, but they
oan hardly be said to be helpful. Mr.
James B. Dri, a distinguished lawyer of
this city, has made some remarks, refresh-
ing in their knowledge and clearness, about
Trusts and their development, but we
don't know whether they have been pub-
ished in pamphlet form or not. The news-

in the last two or three years are
the best historians of Trusts and the best
essayists upon them. You see some Trusta
thriving; some going to smash just like
ordinary businessea not specially anath-
ematized. You can judge for yourself
if Trusta are guilty of the crimes about
which such a hullabaloo ts made. If the
country is exceedingly well off, how have
the Trusts injured it? Are they not simply
a bugaboo like the gold standard?

The Chicago riota of 1894 are the best
book on Government by injunction.

As an antidote to anti-imperialism, take
the history of the United States Take
any history you please, small or great,
Fiskr, Hiaoinson, ScHov.er. Take the
map, too, and watch the expansion of the
United States. A little sketch by Prof.
McMaster, his paper on “ The Struggle
for Territory” in his “With the Fathers,”
gives a rapid account of the extension up
to 1867, Notice how every effort at ex-
pansion has been opposed. Consider the
Louisiana Purchase and what the country
would have been without it. Remember
that the Democrats were generally opposed
to the annexation of Hawaii. How nec-
essary to the United States from a strategic
and naval standpoint the Hawaiian Islands
are may be learned from Capt. MAHaN's
“ The Interest of America in Sea Power.”

Fouman's and DEAN WoRCESTER's books
on the Philippines, BAaNcrort’s “New
Pacific,” the recently published little man-
ual, “ Our New Possessions" are useful read-
ing. Soare the report of the first Philippine
Commission and the reports of Gen Oris
The Aguinaldo myth has been as sutis-
factorily exposed by the Hon. Jonny ¢,
Spooner of Wisconsin ag by anybody.
We presume that his speech will be dis-
tributed by the Republican National Com-

 

|

hina numpeeanateete at sluageaiinens: 1) eae

mittee, as will or should be speeches by

 

the Peace Commission.

As to the Democratic argument about
the Constitution ex proprio vigore, that
old sarpint was scotched, and we had sup-
posed killed, by the Republicans long ago.
The whole queation was thoroughly threshed
over in the long dispute over slavery. You
can dip into CaLHoun, if you care to, for
the Democratic side, You will find the
Republican position impregnably stated
by ABRAHAM LincoLn, Read his speeches,
notably the Cooper Union speech of 1859.
‘The Republican party never had a leg to
stand on if the Constitution ran, with slav-
ery, into the Territories. The lives and
works of almost any prominent Northern
or Southern statesman of the generation
before the war will be instructive reading
4s to the slaveholders’ Constitutional theory
now revived by the Democrats.

\s tothe consent of the governed”
read of the form of government provided
for the Territories of Orleans and Louisiana.
Lvok up Alaska in the Revised Statutes
of the United States.

{1s to the status of the new possessions,
Judge TownsEnp's opinion in the case of
JOHN H. Gogrze & Co. vs, the United States
is luminous and satisfactory. It was
published in full in Tag Sun of June 16.
Helpful on the same line is the address of
the Hon. Joun K. Ricwanrps, Solicitor
of the Treasury, before the Pennsylvania
Bar Association, published, in part, in
the Philadelphia Presse of June 27.

In regard to“ militarism ” our correspond-
ent may consult “ The Dialogues of John
Chandos and the Black Prince.” There
{s no such book; but, then, there is no such
thing as militarism in these United States
and never will be.

 

Wrong Words to the Right Tunes.

All faith in modern education must go if
many more inquisitive investigators ecratch
the surface to find out how deeply the edu-
cation has sunk in. Not long ago Dr.
CuHan_Les F, THwIna of Western Reserve
University showed that there is an amazing
lack of knowledge among college students
about the simplest facts concerning the
Bible, and now, in the July number of
McClure's Magazine, Mr. MaRIon HI, in
an article entitled ‘ The Star Spangled Ban-
ner, Does It Get Weighed or Yet Wade,”
puts our powers of belief to a severe teat in
relating the impreasions he has found that
patriotic songs and sentiments make upon
school children.

The discovery was accidental. Some one
in a party of grown people had occasion to
quote a few lines of ‘* America” and made
a bungle of it; he appealed to the others
and they were unable to help him out. So
far, we fear, the experience is no uncommon
one, The words of the “Star Spangled
Banner" or of ‘Fair Harvard” among
amateur vocalists havea curious tendency
to turn to ‘la, la, la,"’ particularly when the
fatal high notes begin to loom up ahead.
A bright little ten-year-old gir), a remark-
ably good speller, helped her elders out by
reciting all the verses, as it sounded, cor-
rectly. She then volunteered to write them
down with this result:

“My country, tissuf the
Sweet land of libset tea,
Of thee I sing.
Land where my father died,
Land where the Pilgrims pried,

From ev'ry mountain side
Let fridmen ring.

“My native country the
Land of the noble free,
: Thy name | love.
T love thy rots and chilis,
Thy woods and temper pills,
My heart with ratcber thrills
Like that above.”

She wasa bright child and wrote the
verses down as she had learned them by
ear, She had puzzled out a meaning of her
own for some of the phrases. She was
asked, for instance, to explain “ pried," and
answered, “' Why, pry means to come where
you are not asked to come.” ‘Then the
Pilgrims pried into America?” “ Yes, I
think 60, Nobody invited them.” “ Temper
pills,’ she thought, were pills for temper, and
though she had never seen any she thought
she'd like to have some. Her ideas about
poetry open up possibilities for an object-
ive study of poetry as seen from the
child's standpoint. She did not know what
“‘tissuf"’ was, but thought “ May be It is to
fill out the line, Poetry has something
that is called metre; maybe ‘tissuf’ makes
the right metre.” Further cross-examina-
tion brought out this: Why do you love
‘rote and chills?’ “I don't.” “But you
gay here that youdo,"" “Oh, J don't say it;
it’s the poetry says it. I think it means that
we must forgive agreat many unpleasant
things about our country, and say we like
them just out of politeness,” A sound
little patriot ten-year-old, even if all is not
quite clear in her small noddle, Her idea of
“ratcher " was that it sounded likea disease,
because ‘It says, ‘like that above '~—and
there are chills a few lines above; and thrills
area sort of chills anyhow. I looked it up
inmy dictionary.” An intelligent child
who tries to find out, and has read Jabber-
wocky, and has learned that '' poetry’ may
be without meaning.

This startling home experience led to a
visitation of a public school on a day when
“ patriotic exercises" were held. A class of
fifty bright-eyed boys and girls was in-
spected whose average age was a trifle over
ten years and whose last percentage in
spelling had been 88. The exercises wera
very satisfactory: there wera speaking of
Pieces and singing of war songs and aalut-
ing the flag, and excitement and enthusiasm.
Then came the examiner's prying q'estions
like a wet blanket on scholars and teacher
alike. For the oral cross-examination allow-
ance must be made, of course, for the con-
fusion arising {n children’s minds when an
answer that had been previously satisfactory
is inquired into more closely. Many of
their elders would be put out if cross-
examined on conventions they accept
every day. There was no doubt that
their hearts were in the right place and that
they were boiling over with patriotism, but
they had given little heed to the words with
which they expressed it nor had they been
trained to inquire into and define their own
ideas. They thought that liberty meant be-
ing out of jail, and that you got protection

if you could find a policeman and that self-
government was doing as you pleased,
which, it will be admitted, are only partial

truths, One little girl enswered the ques-
tion, ‘What has your country ever done
for you that you should love it?” by declar-
ing that it had given her an“ exquisition,’’
putting her head down upon her desk and
refusing to explain herself or to receive
comfort. Her patriotic day had been spoiled
for her

‘The examiner carried his inquisition to
the point of securing documentary evi-
dence, He made the children write a verse
or two of their favorite patriotic songs with
dire results. ‘The Star Spangled Banner ”
seemed a general “avorite, but every line

ae

 
 

,

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

was distorted. The ‘‘dawn's early light,”
fpr example, became “don selery eye" and
“durn gurly le;" ‘blest with victory and
peace’ was turned into “less the fig trees
and peas,” and “bless with big trees
apiece,” and the appeals at the end of
the stanzas were transformed into “Oh
say does the Star Spangled Banner get
weighed? or the home of the free?
or the land of the brave?” and
“Does the Star Spangled Banner yet wade?”
Other songs met with like maltreatment.
Columbia, ‘the yam of the ocean,” instead
of being “ the shrine of each patriot’s devo-
tion,” was “the swine of each pastry Arctic
Ocean” in one little gastronomer’s mind,
while “ trampling out the vintage where the
grapes of wrath are stored” from the
‘Battle Hymn of the Republic’ became
“He ta tramping round the village where
the grapes arrive from shore.” One boy's
selection was:

**Dam dam dam the boys are marching cheer up com-
rads they will come and aneath the tarny pag we will
been an airn again fn the freedom of our annie am-
mie ome.”

The lines from Draxz's " Addrese to the
American Flag:"

* Porever floate that standard sheet!

Where breathes the foe but falls before us,

With Freedom's sot! beneath our feet,

And Freedom's banner streaming o'er ust"’
were transcribed as follows by another
young man:

“Forever wave that standing cheat
Where breeze the foe but falls beforus,
With freedoms oll beneath our feet
And freedoms banner screaming orua"”

It will be remembered that Mr. H1..‘s
grown-up caster of stones into the educa-
tional hothouse was himself unable to give
the lines of America" correctly. He seems
to have demonstrated, however, that there
are dangers in auricular instruction. Both
Mr. H1uu's and President THwino’s articles
suggest the unpleasant thought that modern
education is more ready to supply youth
with empty words than with the substance
of thethings they should express.

{se for such disbursements it is difficult to
imagine. The Commissioners of Accounts
were established to make occasional in-
dependent examinations of public accounts
asa safeguard against possible collusion
in the Finance Department, a bureau of
which has general charge of the auditing
of all municipal accounts

The expensive incursion into photo-
graphic chemistry probably explains the
expenditure of $160,000 by the Commission-
ers of Accounts where $60,000 was found
sufficient two years ago; but it does not
explain the failure of the Commissioners
of Adcounts to learn of a defalcation of
$11,000 of public money, an incident that
escaped even the searching eye of the
Photo-Micro Camera.

 

Prof. M. Wesenhas returned to Europe
from his deep sea explorations in the East In-
dies, with some surprising inforination. While
his expedition on the steamer Siboga was at
Timor Island, which was supposed to be about
eight times as large as our Long Island, he de-
termined the position of Its southeast coast and
found that !t does not run in the direction
shown on all the maps. They represent the
coastline too far south and make eastern Timor
wider than it really is. Dr. Wener, with his
ecientifio Instrumente, has cut off about an
eighth of the island. In other words, a careful
survey has taken a piece out of Timor as large
as Long Ieland.

The geographers of Europe are considerably
surprised by this revelation. If so large a land
mass in the East Indies, they ask, has not been
outlined even with approximate accuracy, what
certainty is there that the mapping of many
other islands is not equally inaccurate? What
safety is there for the shipping that is beginning
to ply between Australia and the island groups
to the west? The fact that the best maps have
given a very wrong impression of so important
an laland as Timor casts reasonable doubt upon
the mapping of the large area of waters as far
west as Java.

Now Petermanne Mitteilungen urges the Gov-
ernment of the Dutch Fast Indies to begin at
once the ecientifio survey of these numerous
felands. Iteaysthat the duty of energetically
carrying out such a work devolves upon that
Government, but suggests that other Powers
may be induced to take part in It, as itis ex-
pected that the route between East Asia and
Australia among thease islands will, early in the
next ventury, be frequented by many vessels.

Prof. Wesrn’s discovery ia very interest-
ing, and the publication of his map of Timor
will be welcomed by cartographers, who will
lose no time in using it for the improvement of
their maps.

 

New York’s Tax Rate in 1000.

The tax rate of $2.80 announced by the
Tax Commissioners on Monday is eighteen
points less than the rate of last year, about
as was expected. The assessed valuation of
the different boroughs is $8,654,122,108, as
against $3,478 352,020 last year. The in-
crease in the valuation of the present year
is not a momentous one. It ts made up of
the increase of $236,102,236 in the valuation
of real estate, from which is deducted a
decrease of $60,382,072 in the valuation of
personal property. Such decrease ia due
to court decisions nullifying certain as-
seasmenta made against estates and cor-
porations.

The amount ralsed by taxation in 1899
was $86,183,807.08, and the amount to be
raised in 1900 is $80,923,600.77, a decrease
for the present year of over $6,000,000.
This decrease, however, is only an apparent
one, and our municipal expenses this year
are greater than ever. At the meeting of
the Board of Estimate in October, 1899,
at which the budget for 1900 was approved,
the amount called for was $00,778,972.48.
There were large increases in the appro-
priations for all the city departments. In
the preceding year, however, more than
$7,000,000 had to be appropriated to redeem
the special revenue bonds needed to make
up the deficiencies in the city expenditures
during the first year of consolidation,
these deficiencies arising out of insufficient
appropriations in the boroughs of Brook-
lyn, Queens and Richmond. Moreover,
Comptroller Coen unexpectedly turned
up with an extraordinarily large amount
of money received from excise and concert
hall licenses and from other sources. The
net result was that, while the budget for
city expenses this year is much larger than
last, the actual sum required to be raised
by taxation is much less. The tax rate as
given will, of course, be slightly modified
in the several boroughs by the different
scale of county expenditures therein, but
the difference will be a minute one.

Unwelcome as the fact may be, our city
expenses show a decided tendency to in-
crease. It is worth while to remember
that so little time ago as during the
Mayoralty of Mr. Giuroy the tax rate in
New York was only $1.80.

 

The difference in time between Hansaa City and
Rochester is several houra Rochester Union and
Advartiser.

The difference in time between the Kansas
City Convention and the United States of 1900 is
from four to one hundred yeara,

 

The Hon. JonN ALLEN of Tupelo fs not only
witty himself, but the cause of the wit that is
{nother men, and evenin women, if an anac-
dote printed by the London Chronicle says
sooth: .

“The Princess ARIBEAT, Who was prenent at a recent
debate in the House of Representatives, was much
struck by the excited manner in which Congressman
JOHN ALLEN addressed the House He ts regarded-
asa picturesque speaker, though his actions are ad
mittedly grotesque. While speaking he walks upand
down in a fine frepey, swinging bis arms windmill
fashion, and roaring out his words as though he
were addressing a crew in @ gale. The Princess
watched his antics for some time, then turning to an
attendant, sald, ‘What is the gentleman talking
about?’ ‘He is speaking now, your Highness,’ ex-
plained the attendant, ‘fora betterment of conditions
at St Elizabeth's Insane Asylum, and——' ‘Poor
fellow!’ interposed the Princess, with a tings of sorrow
in ber tome, ‘how eloquent & man can become in
defence of his own home!'”

We can't place this story, but doubtless It de-
scends from dateiess antiquity. It has a fa-
miliar savor. “The betterment of conditions
at 8t. Elfzabeth’s Insane Asylurd "’ seems to be
a hopelessly English effort to splash some local
color. There are ripe chestnuts in Private
JOHN ALLEN'S scrip, but he seldom tella stories
as old as the stories that are told about him.

Already the country is beginning to be bri!-
Nant with ;{ctures of Plowboy Binuin jeans and
bootsand hickory shirt and homemade gal\uses.
He speeds the plow and the moving picture
machine, A beautiful figure, but where is the
bold Bryan of Texas, the young Lochinvar of
the Southwest, speeding his fleet steed, Silver
Bil, through the atreets of Austin? Farmer
Biuu ts great, but the country wants Ostrich
Farmer Bitt, too. And Bronco Bi1h, blowing
his horn and reining in his fierce bronoo, Big
Buck. Where, 0, where is he?

 

A Lincoln correspondent of the St. Louis Re-
public seems impressed by the fact that “there
was much enthusiasm when Mr. BRYAN ap-
peared, wearing a slouch hat almost two sizes
too large.” Evidently the Colonel still cherishes
a cranial illusion or he {ts trying to expand
into that comprehensive hat.

There must have been woe In the bowels of
the earth and all the dollars of our daddies
rusted visibly when Gen. AponrRAM JUDSON
WarNErof Ohio, the Inventor, the guardian, the
laureate of free silver looked coldly upon that
object of his long love. There were hisses and
tears in the United States Monetary League,
but the master feelings were surprise and
horror. If ApontRAM JUD8ON WARNER has
discovered that free sliver is not the linchpin of
the universe, what may not happen? Why, even
the Hon. Jonn Jacos LENTZ may have a stroke
of intelligence.

 

War and Treaties.

One of the consequences of war fs the
abrogation or suspension of treaties pre-
viously binding between the Governments
concerned in the war.

International custom recognizes some
exceptions to the general rule, but they are
not pertinent in this case.

Now, our presence in China, like that of
the other Powers, {s to assert and main-
tain rights under existing treaties,

The difference between a state of war
formally brought about by deliberate acts
of commission or omission on the part of
the responsible Government with which we
have made the treaties, and a state of hos-
tilities forced on us by the acts of faction-
ists in China, or rebels against the Imperial
Government we recognize, or individuals or
mobs which that Government is tempo-
rarily unable to control, is very wide.

In the one case previous treaties are abro-
gated or suspended. The slate is wiped
clean for the time as between China and the
civilized world. All that has been gained in
the past fifty years by international agree-
ments is technically nullified, and the future
status is left to be determined by the event
of military operations and the outcome of
the diplomatic struggle for advantage that
would follow the conquest and precede the
readjustment.

In the other case there may be war itn
China in the military sense, but it {s not war
on China.

This obvious and important distinction
seems to be the key to the present policy of
the State Department at Washington, And
the Administration's policy is right.

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

The Stn correspondent with Lord Roberta
reports ekirmishing between the British and
Boer outposts near Pienaar’s Poort, about
elghteen miles east of Pretoria, but eays that
neither eide appears to seek a general engage-
ment. President Kriger Is stated in a despatch
from Cape Town to have moved to Nelspruit,
the transport etation for Lydenburg. This
is likely, as private advices from Delagoa Bay
eay that the President is seeking the advice
of Abel Erasmus of Lydenburg, one of the
most Influential men in the Trangvaal, yet one
who has mixed himself up but little with political
affairs until now. He has been Native Com-
missioner of his district for more than forty
years and, according to report, has held a firm
hand over the tribesmen. He took no part
in the disputes with the British Government
before the war, but it is said that now that
the British troops are in the country he has
decided to take part in the resistance. His
adhesion to the war party, although he is 70
years of age, is considered of great importance

Public Investigation by Camera. by those who know him and the extent of his
we over the people, as next to the President

g be 088i influence over t
Jt was found to be necessary a short time himeelf, there are none of the older men with

ago to provide by popular subscription, greater experience or prudence coupled with

in default of an appropriation, for the a strong will than Abel Erasmus, He Is said
publication of the operations of the Street | tobe making every preparation by commandeer-
Cleaning Department in New York during | tng all natives able to work throughout his

district, and alded by engineers he is doing all
in his power to make the already stroug natural

the last vear of the term of Georoe W,
Waning, Jp, under whose administration

street cleaning in New York was practically Sees In the Lydenburg Rag oe im-
revolutionized. No similar dificulty has | Dresnable to attack by auy odds. Those who
been found providing for the public ul en oe ee ere ie ee ©
: os Fi ' er te PUBNCALIONY) Natal from whieh Gen, Buller was succesafully
in the Cily Record of the illustrated report repulsed as easy ia comparison with those
of the Commissioners of Accounts which the Boers are preparing in the Lyden-
ils vVoluminotis report includes pietures } burg Mountains
tl ' port includes pict burg Mount

of the Photo-Micro Camera, the Binocular

Stereoscopic Microscope, the Microtome, A Principle of Selection.

the Mineralogical Microscope, and charts} 19 TH Borrok or THR SUN—Sir; Mr,
ip Ss : C.K. Bones isa buteher of Sersntou, Pa. and Mr, B.
and inventories of other . ’
f other appliances which | x) jei iy 4 tailor of this city

make necessary the employment at the
public expense of six “engineers, examiners
and assistant examiners,” in what is called
the “Engineering Department of Chemical
and Physical Laboratory of the Commis-

Do they go on your |
hist? W. F. Cony. |]

NEWARK, N. J,, July a.

Names cur 04 only because of coincidence of
occupation, or of punning interest merely, do

not properly belong with the immortaia [fol- j
sioners of Accounts, jowing in multitudinous line after Col. Abe |
What warrant, in law or custom, there | @tu;sky and the Hon, Dink Botts. |

THE SUN, THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1900.

 

THE BOULEVARD ELMS.

Are They to Be Sacrificed to Rapid Transit?—
The Sentiments of a Tree Lover.

To THE EpitTorR or Tuk Sun—Sir; Sauntering
out one fine morning in Pennsylvania into the
big pipe timber where my axemen were at work
destroying the forest primeval, saturated
with the satisfying commercialism of a scene
that to the California naturalist, John Muir,
would have awakened all the emotions due
to a saturnalia of vandals, 1 suddenly came
upon one prostrate forest monarch that aroused
4 sentiment of pity and keen regret which
shamed into hiding the sordid commercialism
that had been so satisfying a moment before.
There he lay prone upon the ground; his straight
noble trunk already crosscut into seven sym-
metrical, slightly tapering 16-foot logs; 112 lineal
feet of timber from the stump that measur ed
six feet across, with a commercial value of
possibly $50 to $75; but, oh, at what a sacrifice
of priceless sentiment had this market pittance
been realized!

Counting the rings of annual growth I con-

cluded poms this tree hag heen in its lusty youre
when the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth Kock,
and through two and a half centuries the winds
of heaven had sighed through its pepiring,
peaven-polnting sumeit and wafted its seed-
bearing cones to sheltered nooks in the near
and far, until ita descendants were as the sands

of the sea for number!
h v rested my, ae on the
uu

 

Perh had
venerable yet sound and 8 y peisiarch
before my unsentimental choppers had laid
it low | might have become its protector, Now
it was too late, and naught remained but a
ofejasting regret and the paltry “thirty pieces
of silver” that were the price of its a ation,

Let us turn our eyes to California, that land
of wonders and heavy antiquity. There we
behold a few clusters of giant Sequoia, lonely
survivors of foryenee groves that once occu-

led the land. In age, their Ute fe by some

elieved to extend backward to the conven-
tional 6,000 years of the world’s existence.

Most scientific men are agreed t they were
centuries old at the Besinsing of the Corigtian
era. Yot to-day we creatures of the hour

may strain our gaze upward into their branch
over 300 feet above us, far enough heavenwar
to set 4 adows on the roof of the Park Row
Building

Still we have seen that even these venerable
teachera of the evanescence of human lif
these subtly mysterious links of our own presen’
with a past so distant as to be beyond the com
prehension of the untrained mind are not

roo ainst the commercialism of t 6 pro-
essional lumberman, and Congress had to be
appealed to for their protection.

n the years that I was engaged in reducing
to commercial terms one of the few remaining
rimeval pine forests of he | dof Penn, New
ork was petting out her ulevard elms.
They were little slips of trees when I saw them
st. For the past seventeen years I have
watched their growth year by year, and after
three decades, with some years of indifference
and neglect, they are a creditable sight, and
are becoming dear to the hearts of all who
know them.

But once more modern utilitarianism looms
up as a sturdy enemy of the beautiful elms,
and it seems that they are to go down a sacri-
fice to the Underground Rapid Transit Rail-
way
Is there really no power to save? Is Man-
hattan eo wealthy in trees that it can afford
after thirty years deliberately to commit such
desecration? :

It cannot be justly claimed that New Yorkers
are without sentiment. Indeed, I doubt whether
thero is a people on the face of the globe that
gives up so much money and through so man
channels for the gratification of sentiment,
Is not the sentiment of veneration for and kin-
ship with trees strong enough to throw an im-

netrable mantle of “thou shalt not” about

ese magnificently developing trees? It is
not alone for what they area now—for what they
show after thirty years of growth, but also for
what they are to be and to become through the
years of the coming twentieth century.

Where are our mighty men, our men of come
manding influence? W hy are the Rapid Transit
Commissioners supreme?

If the Rapid Transit Commissioners have so
worded the contract as to expose the life of the
trees to hazard at the hands of the contractor
let them make the best terms they can with
him to remedy the error. For surely no ad-
ditional cost of construction will ever constitute
an equivalent of the denudation of that portion
e the Boulevard of the present charm of ita

AH.

The real, intrinsio value of a fine tree can
never be measured wholly in dollars, and ~et
there are single trees in New York city that
$5,000 in money would not compensain the
owners for thelr commercial value and the
public for their sentimental and sanitary value
as living, breathing, growing trees,

The time is coming when--if the Boulevard
elms are spared—-our successors, those who
are children now, and whose voices are not
heard in the settling of their fate, would indig-
nantly re@use millions of dollars for the trees
whose destruction we seem to have determined

on,

Before this deed of destruction ts decreed
why not have a town meeting—say at Cooper
Tnion—and let the sentiment of the people
be known?

Central Park has been sald to be worth $1,000,-
000. per acre—$800,000,000. Cut off the trees
and how many hundred millions would tha
valuation shrink in an instant! Are the Boule-
vard trees to be pressured by a 16-to-1 rule?
flave we the gold atandard.for Central Park
and free silver for the Boulevard?

Grorce W, Drrariwas,

New York, July 8.

 

A Roman Catholic View of Moody.

From the Catholic World.

In this apirit, therefore, of one who loves
to see a human soul on fire with zeal for God,
a Catholic can read the life of Dwight L. Moody
and be moved deeply with the same enthusiasm
of religion that moved thousands of souls to
forsake their lives of ain and devote themselves
to aright consclence with God under the spell of
his powerful personality and pleadings for
faith. It is refreshing at all times, and espe-
clally in this superficial and artificial age, to
come in contact with a genuine soul; a nature
80 sincere, so simple that it seems a mirror of

ature hereel{—freah, like the apring time;
Breathing perfumes of flower and grasa, yet
played upon and swept Wy forces of wind and
storm that one may easily compare it with s
summer landscape in the throes of a temnest.

Doubtless his energies and thrift would have
quickly made him a rich man had he so desired
but his religious nature became so awakened
that he spent every spare moment gathering
the walfs of the streets where they could be
fed and clothed and taught religion. This
work was the Surnipg point of his life. By
and by he abandoned all secular business and
devoted himself entirely to Frligious work.

He called upon the then Bishon of Chicago
during these early labors, who sa!d to Moody:

“Your zeal and devotion are most commend-
able. All you need to make zou 4 great power
for good {s J come within the fold of the only

ue Church.

“But,” replied Moody, “I could _no longer
work among Protestants.” The Bishop as-
sured him that he could; that he could pray
with Protestants as much as ever, “Would you,
Bishop, pray be h a Protestant?”

“Yes, I would.”

“Well, then,” replied young Moody, “I wish
you would pray for me now that I may be led
aright in thia matter.

They knelt in the hall where they were stand-
ing and prayed. They were lifelong friends
thereafter.

Many Catholics who knew and loved Mr.
Moody may perhaps jiave wondered why 80
religious a man_was*never attracted to the
Catholic faith. The answer is doubtless to be
discovered in many of his published sermons,
where he avowed auch strong repugnance
to all bonds of faith made by creed or dogma
He believed that a simple promise to be loyal
to Christ was all-suffictent.

Mr. Moody had a Catholic friend named
Healy, who painted a valyedie portrait of him,
and when the Chicago fire destroyed nearly
everything he owned, at the request of his
wife this painting was saved by him. He humor-
ously described his embarrassment at marching
away from the fire with this picture, by imagin-
ing his friends meeting him and saying: “Hello,
Moody, I'm glad you've escaped. What's
that ou are clinging to 80 affectionately?”
"Oh, T've got my own portrait.” The portrait
now hangs on the walls of the family home in
Northfleld

In 1872 Mr. Moody was invited to preach to
some congregations In England ere was
begun thoae remarkable meetings in hails
and rinks which, in Great Britain and America,

spread over a period of nearly thirty, years,
and enabled him toexhibit his marvellous power
over the hearts and wills of men which has
hardly been equalled in the history of English-
spenking people It has been said, and there
fa little doubt of the truth of it, that he had
preached to audiences of over one hundred
million people in those active years. Of course
his audiences were almost always composed
of Protestants, although his genius for pulpit
eloquence drew even (Jews and Catholics to
hear what they had so constantly seen
scribed in the public press

His prevailing qualities were tireless ener@y,
amazing common sense, unquestioning faith

de-

end a human sympathy rarely equalled. These
qualities, on fire with enthusiam and mar-
shalled with the brain of a military general,
made him a powerful Jeader of men. —Protes-

tuntivin haa lost its best apostle, and in the
death of Mr. Moody there fs a conscious halt
in its forces

Mr. Moody in the closing #ears of his life
catied upen the Archb shop of New York. He
was preaching at Cooper Union himaelf. and
his large audiences led him to think that if
the Catholic people would only held simulta-
neons services New York might be shaken with
religious ferver This was the purpose of his
visit’ The Arehbishop explained the system
of missions pursued by the Catholic Chureh,
and showed him how it was constantly doing
wnat te Protestant churches did only occa-
onally

hour was spent in conversation,
t the onl

result was a friendly intercourse,

  

  
 

   
   
   
   
     
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
     
  
   
   
   
   
   
      
    
   
   
  
      

FRANCE AND MOROCCO.

The dispute between France and the Sultan
of Morocco appears likely to become @ matter
of international interest, the representative
of the Swtan at Tangier having addressed @
communication to the European Powers pro-
testing against the French encroachments at
Tuat and Igli. As according to the latest
reports the French are acting with great energy
in order to maintain possession of the points in
dispute, a sketch of what has occurred since
the beginning of the year will be of interest.

In December of last year a French force
under a Capt. Pein defeated the people of In-
salah, and since then the Governor-General
of Algeria has poured a continuous streain
of troops into the group of oases known as
Tuat, Tidikelt and Gurara. Of these, the last
two have been actually occupied by the French,
but not without hard figh . At Inrhar,
peer Insalah, a pitched battle was fought on

arch 19, in which the French artillery did
great execution, and many hundreds of the
natives were killed. It is stated, though the
authenticity of the report is somewhat doubt-
ful, that a high Moorish official directed the
defence of the place against the French. The
ann morerert af French trope began ad
an
turned what had been originally, Ibed as
mi

f

 

y @ commercial operation into a military
menace to the southern frontier of Morocco.
On March 25 a colum cgnstating f 75 officers
d 1,775 men under Col. Bertrand, left Duvey-
ler and descended the Wadi Zusfana to Igli.
This expedition was supported by strong re-
serves to the south of F ug other reserv
at Yenien-bu-rezg and Aln-Sefra. On April
5 the column arrived at Tgli, which submitted
without resistance. There a) some
doubt whether the occupation of Igli was sanc-
tloned by the French Government or was under-
taken by the military authorities on their own
responsibilities, but it startled the Govern-
ment of Morocco, w lately sent a
spectel envoy to Tangier wi 18 Brovee ogee:
the mayasjon $, oe ier. i was
ev y feared that the ocoupation Ww
only preinnasy an at’ on “ihe district
of let, to the westward of Igli, which ts 4
uestion: Moorish terri . Had e
rench confined their action to eooupation
of t le onses Sra) named, & S wai y thai 2
pall Z.cperations wo! pave ha more
importance. The Sultan of 0000
vaguely ipld claim to the suzerainty of the

t group, but the lo-French agreement
of 1800 recognized that the oases were within
the French sphere, so that any protest made

regarding them would have received no atten-
tion. The oocupation of Igli, how , od
the situation, but un ortupatgy ‘or Morocco
1@ internal condition of the Empire favors a
Polley of encroachment by France similar to
hat pursued revious to the oooupats o
Tunis. The late Grand Vizier was the
ruler of Morocco, and his Coat) rem the
one trong man among the rs of the
oung Sultan, who, t fs reported, ntepde in
uture to rule “ well as reign. If the Frenc!
entertain any designs against Morocco it is
thought that they may have excuses given them
by some rash action on his part in the near
future, and it is said they have been already
afforded by the proclamation of a holy war
ainst the infidel invader the Tafilet dis-
trict and other parts of the ara.

The only treaty between France and Mo
relat to the boundary between the

tter
. to 1845. In deal
with the Sahara no territorial limits were laid
down on account of the land being only fit
for pasture and destitute, azceps in spots, of
water. The right of the inhabitants to move
about from one jurisdiction to another was
recognized, the only condition being that
if one or other of the contracting parties found
itself obliged to take measures against its own
people at a time when the others were inter-
mingled with them, it would abstain from
touching them. The tribes depeuding on
Morocco and Algeria were then enumerated.
This is in Article IV. The next, dealing with
desert villages (Kessours), provided that the
respective Governments should follow the
ancient custom established by time, and, in
consideration one for the other, treat the in-
nabitants of the Kessours with deference and

dness. The Kessours belonging to Morocco
and Algeria are then named. Article IV says
that the country south of the Kessours, being
without water and uninhabitable, “the delimita-
tion of it would be superfluous.” This phrasing
is capable of affording occasion for gepcte
whenever one is needed. As recent Fren
maps show no frontier below AinrSefra an
Figuig, the first belonging to Algeria and the
second to Morocco by the treaty of 1845, there
is no fixed limit to a westerly movement of the
boundary by France; hence the suspicions
of the Moorish Government.

As an Indication of the French activity in this
Sahara region, it is worth mentioning that in
February of this Je the railway in the south
of the Province of Oran, which had {ta terminus
at Ain-Sefra, was opened for traffic to Yenien-
bu-rezg, and that surveys are in progress for
its immediate extension to Duveyrier in the near
neignhornood of Figuig. The Governor-Gen-
eral of Algeria has further notified the Oran
Chamber of Commerce that the French Govern-
ment has fecepten in principe the prolonga-
tion of the line to the oases of Tuat and Tidikelt
by the Wadi Zusfana and the Wadi Saura
As Igli, about which the Moorish Government
is so much alarmed as to protest to the European
Powers, is situated on the latter, it would seem
that its occupation by the French ts intended
to be permanent, and not a temporary military
expediency to prevent asl oe going to the

ple of the oases from the Western Moorish
ibesmen.

 

Bryan's Telephonio A@dress,

Priends and Fellow Citisens:
I come not there to talk,
Because the Convention
Has business t transact,
And you know me,
But I shall make
A few remarks to you
Over the long distance telephone.
A bloated monopoly
Whore exorbitant chasges
Nece<eitate a brevity
As painful tome
Asis its outrageous embarge
On my language
Think, dear {rienda,
What 4 speech you might have from
Your matchless leader,
If the fron heel of the monster
Did not lay its heavy band
Upon my language Works.
Gods! Can a Democratic Convention
Long debate
Which of the two to cheose,
A Bryan speech
Ora bill that would
Paralyze all our time honored

| Principles of economy?
However, I digress;
And digression costs money,
Men and Brethren:
Let me beg of you
That Iam stil)
IT,

And that the Chicago platform
Is the same
Yesterday, to-day and foreves,
Keep that ever before you

As your cloud by day

And your piliar of fire by night,
But if you find it

Absolutely necessary to my success
To shade Ita little,

Just a little. mind you,

That you do so

With my pubdlic protestation
And my private permission,
Tam unalterable for

The creat and glorious principle
Of 16 tol.

Also,

If any man attempts

To run up the Anferican flag

In the Philippines or elsewhere,
Bhoot him on the spot!

Them's my sentiments,

And if the Stars and Stripes
Don't want to getit in the neck
They will remain at bome
Liberty and good government
And that sort of thing

Are well enough in thelr way,
But it is none of our busineag
To scatter them broadcast

Over the world.

As to ny running mate,

I want the ticket

To be exclusively Western,

For the Eastisin the hands

Of Trusts, those menaces

To the freedom of the Republile,
That's the object of the meeting,
Men and brethren,

And \f we miss our connections
This time,

I shall be compelled

To the conclusion

That you held

A few G. 0, Pters in your midst
To show you how

The thing !s done

My say ‘s yet unsald,

Lut the hated monster
Presses on mand [ must stop
Would that | could

Talk to you as 1 wished,
But | cannot

Under the cireumstancea
Fareweil, dear brethren,

1 leave \t ail to ya

Be brave and fear now

rFwiL

  

 

CHURCH DENOMINATIONS CLASH.

Young Presbyterian Minister Protests Against
Encroachment to Bishop Potter.

The Rev. Henry Sloan Coffin, the young Pree-
byterian pastor who recently raised $10,000
among such Presbyterian friends as the Dodges,
Kennedys and Sloans, to erect a Presbyterian
Churoh in Bedford Park of which he is to be
pastor, has taken, with his Bedford Park con-
gregation, the unusual! step of addressing to
Bishop Potter of the Episcopal Church a letter
upon the subject of parochial boundaries and
the proper location of a proposed Episcopal
Church.

Some years ago an Episcopal mission was
started in Bedford Park, but the Rev. C. J. Holt
of St. James Church, Fordham objecting,
Bishop Potter ordered it closed. A great deal
of feeling wascaused. A Congregational Church
was organized. and asmall but handsome place
of worship erected. Trouble arising, there was
a split inthe congregation. The dissepters tried
being Methodists for a time, but changed their
mind and turned Presbyterians. Having done
60, the Rev. Mr. Coffin found them, raised the
money as already stated and the Church Ex-
tension Committee of the New York Presbytery
purchased a plot at Bainbridge avenue and the
Southern Boulevard, upon which the 610,000
is now to be expended to erect a church.

The Archdeaconry of New York, Episcopal,
bas half a dozen new missions in The Bronx,
one of them in what used to be a barn, some-

where near Melrose station on the H
Railroad. These active Episcopalians under-
took to start a mission at Bedford Park and a
lied for the hail there now ovcoupied by
resbyterians. ‘They were inet with prompt
ref and the efforts to keep the Episcopalians
out were seconded, it is said, by the the A

r. Holt, rector of the Epjeropa churoh of 8t.
James, Fordham, who said the new work was
too near him.

The appeal of the Presbyterians to the Epia-
copal Bishop contains, it ie said, the statements
that had they known that the Episcopalians in-
fen going Sian t Park, they, “e rea

yieriane, would not have begyn work t.
and that Redford Park isin St, James's pa .
It le stated thatit also siys that most of
Bespove: families at Bedford Park have turn

eshyterian and have subscribed to the au
rtof the Rev. Mr. Coffin and his work. At
Se housein Lafayette place yesterday it
was said that Bishop Potter was out of town
but {t was admitted that Mr, Coffin’s letter
been received. The Rev. Mr. Coffin decli
to talk about the matter.

 

 

 

GOOD WISHES FOR THE PRESIDENT.

Cabied From Paris by the American Chamber
of Commerce.

WasHINOTON, July 4.—The American Chamber
of Commerce tin Paris cabled the following oon-
gratulations to President McKinley to-day:

The American Chamber of Commerce, in banquet
ee iu on ne, Nonre very sincere
congratulations. earnes| that the {
relalions between France and the tnited States wit
ever continue.

an McKinley cabled the following

T cordially rect mite the congratulations of eo
resentative a y of my fellow-eountrymen as
American Chamber of Commerce in Paris.

 

JOHN 9-9 scorTT.

 

Farther Light on One of the Most Mysterious
of Personal Names,

From Law Notes for May.

In the case of Scott vs. Coleman (5 T. B. Mon Ky,
78), the plaintiff's full name {9 given as “John 8-9
Scott." Whether the "2-9" means two-ninths, or
two by nine, it is impossible to tell from reading the
case. In fact we are quit: in the dark as to how any
one could ever have come into the possession of sueh
an outlandish name Perhaps some of our readers
may be able to cast light on the matter.

 

From Law Notes for June.

An explanation of the name‘John 2-9 Boott,”
may be found in a system of naming which prevailed
in the time of Cromwell. The old Saxon names were
first discarded for Scriptural names, Noah, Isaac, 40
As religious fervor tncreased, pious ejaculations and
even whole Scriptural quotations were used as names.
The notorious “Barebones Parliament" took ite name
from one Pratse God Barebones. According to Hume,
the following names were found in a single jury
drawn in the county of Sussex: Weep Not
Billings, God Reward Smart, Kill Sin Pim-
ple, Fiy Debate Jolner, More Fruit Fow-
ler, Steadfast on High Stringer, and
Fight the Good Fight of Faith White. Barebones
hada brother named If Christ Had not Died for You
Ye Had Been Damfed Barebonea The more cum-
brous of these names were almost necessarily abbre-
viated In writing by giving a citation of the passage
of Scripture where itoceura) Thus, ‘Fight the Good
Fightof Faith White” would become “Timothy 6-18
White.” 111s not probable that this practice ever pre-
vailed In Kentucky, but an ancestral name may have
deen handed down after its origin and significance
were forgotten, CHARLES A. FOWLER.

Omlowa, Neb, May 18.

From Law Notes for July.

It goems a pity to explode so erudite a theory asis
Mr. Fowler's, but as I happen to know all about the
name | will acquaint you witb the facts. A number
of descendants of Scott live in this (Woodford) county,
Dut he fs buried in the adjacent county of Jessamine.
A few years since I was consulted by some of his de-
ecendants concerning 4 title to property derived by
them from ‘John 2-9 Scott,” and I naturually re-
marked upon the very unusual name I was
informed that Scott was christened in Vir-
ginia, where he was born, plain “John Goott,”
When he reached maturity he emigrated to
Kentucky and settled in Harrison county.
When he reached his destination his available
funds consisted of two shillings and nine pence only.
He prospered financially, and was fond of acquaint-
ing his associates with the fact that he reached the
“Blue Grass" with the small sum mentioned, He
teferred tothe fact so often that he was nicknamed
“John 2-9 Scott,” and the appellation became eo
Ormly fixed upon bim that he adopted it himself ang
ever afterward used it. His will wasso signed, as
also his letters and all legal documents executed
within the lastforty years of hislife He lived to an
advanced age, accumulated a large estate and left @
Dumerous progeny. We have yet living old citizens
who knew bim personally, and they assure me the
foregoing \s correct in all respects.

VERSAILLES, Ky., June 10. FiIe£LD McCLZ0n

 

Mayor Van Wyck and Mr. Swanstrom.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN~Sir; Mr. J. Ba-
ward Swanstrom of the Brooklyn bar has served for
@ sumber of years as School Commissioner with
eredit to himself and benefit to the community.

Mr. Swanstrom, {n accordance with his profes
sional duty and bis oath of office as an attorney, has
accepted a retainer in the prosecution of the Tam nany
Hall Comptroller and has been deprived by Mayor
Van Wyck of his public office, being the only Com-
missioner who has not been reappointed

IT consider the Fourth of July season asa very ap
propriate date for the public consideration of this un-
gavory business.

Curbing the independence of the bar by official
blacklisting} is a well-recognised weapon of despotle
Governments In this country it !s an innovation
which will not be regarded favorabiy, either by the
legal profession or the people generally, LW.

New YORK, July 4.

 

Words of ‘‘'God Bless the Prince of Wales,”

TO THS EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Having secon
it reported of a meeting to celebrate Queen's birthday
Bot a member present knew the words of ‘God Blew
the Prince of Wales,"’ inclosed find a copy from
twenty years’ memory, and am sure you wih find 19

correct . BALDWIN,
WoopsipR, L. L., July 1.

GOD BLESS THE PRINCE OF WALES.

Among our ancient mountaina,
And from our lovely vales,
Oh, let the prayer reécho,
God bless the Prince of Walea
With heart and voice awaken
Those minstrel lays of yore,
*T'll Britatn’s name and glory
Resound from shore ww shore

Among our ancient mountaina, ,
And from the lovely vales,

Oh, let our prayer reécho
God bless the Prince of Walea,

Should hostile bands or danger
E’'er threaten our fatr isle,
May God's strong arm protect us,
May heaven still on us smile;
Above the throne of England
May fortune’s star long shing,
And round its sacred bulwarks
The olive branches twine.

Among our onet*nt, &a

eee eee

High Authority of Dean Farrar,
From the Scturcay Review
Do you Know tbe story of the pupll teacher undes
examination o. tLe New Testament, who wrote as an
anawer?
“On \Bia pubject the Bible ts eimost en
Dut for full details see "Farrag’s Life of Christ.’ ”

  

=23