oe

 

/

 

  

VICTIMS
g BODIES UF 37 FIRE
RECOVERED YESTERDAY.

eee
Twenty-eight Taken Oat at Heboken—Great
Foneral There To-day, When More Than
100 of the Corpses Will Be Buried—Mr.
Schwab Thinks the Ships May Ke Saved.
Thirty-seven more bodies of victims and sup-
posed victims of the river front fire were re-
covered yesterday: twenty-eight at Hoboken;
one at Jersey City, one, anda fragment, on
tls side of the river, three fn the Narrows,
Brooklyn side; three Lear Quarantine and one
at Greenpoint, This makes a total of 12080 far
recovered, There will be a great funeral at
Hoboken to-day at which more than 100 bodies
buried.

i tte Hoffman heard {in Hoboken late
yesterday afternoon that four more bodies had
been found on the Saale and he sent a tua down
togetthem, The tugboat man was told that
algbodies found there had been sent to the New

York Morgue

of the twenty-elght more bodies found yester-
ships between (he burned pliers and
r heads jore than half were found

rm

day in the
about the pie
after the tempest eir
Three were under the Hamburg Line pier
and one Was as far up the river as Fourteenth
but all the others were found in the
slips where the Saale, Bremen and Main lay on
the day of the fire The total number of bodies
already found in the immediate vicinity of the
fire is ninety-etght Of these forty-three are
krown to have been on the Saale, two
on the Bremen, four on the Main and
eight longshoremen. Five others have
been identified by name, but it is not
known where they worked and thirty-six
have rot been identified The following ad-
ditional bodies were found yesterday:

sraey City Young man in painter's overalls,
ark we" sandy mustache, badge No, 10,22) of
the Ro) al Protctive Assoctatton o} Boston,

AVG ree npoint rootof Noble street,young man with
abrass Ditton on bis coat marked “Bremen;” sev-
eral German coins and a large fron key tn his
oeket, short and stout, black trousers, gray Jumper
andkerebi f marked “B,” In Brooklyn morgue.

At Fort Hamilton Picked up by the tugboat Al
Keever, middie aged, sandy hatred man in corduroys
and biue overals, plain guid ring inscribed
Ganazzel, D. 30 Mch,, 1887," leather belt with cotton
hook and brass badge marked ‘No. 3 B. U.P. A,
\ ¥..5,952" Picked up foot of Bay Rid 0 arenes,
middie aged man tn striped blue Jumper, blue flanne
tiovsersand overals, dark hatr, heavy chin beard,
tattooed oon forearm “W Y. R. R., 1,548,
vita a pletire of a woman carrying — the
German flag. Found near the Sea Beach
Ral road dock, young man, dark hatr, smooth
face, blue serge trousers, striped’ jumper;
his pockets @ziic tag marked “L. K," four German
ecins, pine brass keys and a phece of fancy needie-
work, All these bodies taken to the Brooklyn
med Quarantine Young man in blue overalls and

mer. noshoes or stockings, | ght hatr and mus-
tache, undershirt marked °N. DL.” Middle-aged,
dark Hated» an in Dive Jumper and overalls, leather
ipprrs, leather belt, mermaid holding a flag tat

street

tooed on left arm, seat on right hand near jitte
flager. Six-foot man with dark brown halr and mus
tache, clothing stained with paint, All taken to
}{{ton.

_ lov York City--Foot of Christopher street, man of
85. § feet red hair, smooth face, striped shirt,
back tro sers. Foot of Cortlandt street, a man's foot.
To Bellevue morgue

Ihethree bodies recovered on the Saale on
Tuesday were taken to the Be levue morgue
yesterday
The additional identifications in the Hoboken
rurgue yesterca ’ were of the bed e3 of George
Add-ons cf the Sial>, Carl Wilke, fireman of the
Sa le Bernhard S eum‘el of the Saale, a long-
sporeman navel Kingsten,a “longshoreman
named Richard K’uger. and Heinrich Kuhne,
a deck hand

Thebod es from the several morgues were
transferred last night to Hoffman's indertak-
ing estab. ishment on Jackson street, where the
biz funeral will be held to-day at 10 A. M. under
theuuspices of the North German Lloy@ Steam-
shiyCom;any. Such of the bodies brought to
thisclty from the Saale as have not been claimed
by relatives will be taken to Hoboken this
trorning and buried with the others. There

were three funerals yesterday and
Hoboken had a fureiaste of the im-
pressive apectacle of to-day, when mecre
than 100 bod.es, escorted by the survivors of the

RIVER GIVES UP MORE DEAD |

™

ly in the afternoon. |

|
|
|

fre and the German societjes, with their bands, |

will be carried through the etreets, by the
burned piersandoutt» Flower Hii! Cemetery,
The funeral services of Henry F Kardell, a
longshor man, Whose bo'y was found Satur-
day, were held at his home, 507 Bloomfield
stret. The bural “asin Hoboken Cemetery
andthe procession was led by the Sch etzen
Corps band. Kardell was formerly a chane =
man on the Ilo oken police force He leaves a
wi e and three child:en

Fritz Jantzen, al ngshoreman, was buried in
thesame cemetery. The services were at: hia
home, 204 River s'reet, and the Rev. Alexander
Richter of th» Luther:n Church officiated) The
members of the Kriegerbund with a band of
musicled the line, Funeral services of John
Wallraahe, « steward on the Saale, whose home
Was at 326 M di-on street, Hoboken, were held
the R J.

ton street Rudolph read the

service

ev.

wh poms Batt! ording t

y are en ac owe
lations o e Fund of the Nerth
German Lioyd. Tne administrators of our

Seamen's nd ehall regu
and prorer distribution.
“NORDDEUTSCHER-LLOYD."

te the amounts

SAYS HE WASN'T NEAR THE FIRE.

Accused Tugboat Captain Swears That Brock-
stedt'’s AMdavit Is False.

Capt. Timothy Hulaaver of the New York
Central Tugboat No.6 towed abarge to the
Hamburg Line pier in Hoboken yesterday af-
ternoon. When ‘hs longshoremen on the pier
saw the number on the side of the tug
they began to hoot and shout uncom-
plimentary remarks at the captain, for
they had read in the newspapers the affidavit of
Henry Brockstedt, in which the captain of tug-
boat No. 6 waa accused of inhumanity on the
afternoon of the fire. Capt. Hulsaver was
angry atthe demonstration, He got off his tug
= went hunting through the pier for Brock-
stedt. Wh °
manded teal Drenhaceas reer ah wate ei
sworn to in the atidavit.

*T'll re‘ract nothing,’ said Brockstedt. "Y
are not the captal., but {t was your boat al

“My boat was never near the tire at all!"
shouted Capt Hulsaver. "I am no coward,
When the C itskill was sunk by the 8:, John on
Sept. 18. 1807 I -aved forty-seven lives.”

Capt. Husaver thereupon went to police
headquarters in Hoboken, where Brocksted’'s
ampagvis ison file, and lefttha folowing affidavit,
bat will be affixed to Brockstedt’s in the

, ‘Tam captainof the New York Central tugboat
No.6. On the afternoon of June 80 I was ata-
tioned atthe Sixty-fifth -treet station of the New
York Central road. 1 remained there through-
out the afternoon except for at io ike seven

 

 

I crossed the river on my t to take on seve

tons of coal at the tracks of the tario and
Western Rafi oad at Guttenburg, was not
within two miles of the fire on the Bremen dock

during the afternoon, and took no part in it
whatsoever.’

FIRE THIEF NABDED,

Caught Stealing Brass From the Main- Metal
From the Saale Recovered.

Deputy United States Marshal Bernard, who
is investigating thefts of property from the
three burned ships of the North German Lloyd
Line, went downto Perth Amboy yesterday and
seized from the metal store of Bunten & Son,
132 Front street, a quantity of brass pipe and
several brass rims alleged to be from the Saale.
Mr. Bernard said Bunten & Son told him that
es had bought th: metal from @ man belone-

. to the tugboat Eli B. Conine and had paid
$39.74 for it.

A man was caucht stealing brass from the
Main yesterday afternoon about S o'clock. He
was urrested by a policeman on one of the po-
lice launches near by and taken to the «tation
of the steamboat squad at Pier A, where an
officer of the Main preferred a charge of lar-
ceny,

 

 

OF FIRE VICTIMS
Morgue Keeper Reports That Pockets of
Several Were Turned Inside Oat,

Morgue Keeper O'Donnell reported to the
police of Hoboken that the pockets of the
clothing of a mumber of the bodies taken to his
morgue last niglit were turned inside out. Hoe
thought that river thieves had been at work
robbing the dead. Rumors of this have been
floating about the riverside for several days in
Hoboken. ‘Lo-morrow a force of Rolice will be
detailed to service in rowboats. Their special
duty will be to look out for this sort of robbery.

BODIES ROBBED?

 

The Trave and the Barbarossa Docked.

The North German L'oyd steamships Trave
and Barbarossa, which arrived yesterday,
docked, the Trave at the Cunard pier and the
Barburossa at the White Star pier.

END OF THE SAENGERFEST.

 

Two Socteties Tied for the Emperor's Prize
~The Awards.

The Nineteenth National Saengerfest came to
an end last evening at Ridgewood Park, and its
members parted, to meet again three years
henc*in Baltimore. The most important work
of the day took placa at the Thirteenth Reg!-
ment Armory in Brooklyn, whan at 10 o'clock
in the forenoon the *iiging for the prize sent
by the German Emperor began, This competi-
tion was the most interesting of the Saenger-
fest, and {ft was imtted to eight socteties,
They wer? the Broo lyn Arion, under the
direction of Arthur Cloasen; the Brooklyn
Saengerbun !, Concuctor Lewis Koemmich, the
Saengerbund of Williamsburg, Conductor Felix
Jaexer, Junger Maennerchor of Philadelphia,
Cocduetor Carl Saarmans; the German Ljeder-
kranz of Brooklyn; Conductor Franz Reyl; the
Beethoven Leid-rkranzof Brocklyn, Conductor
Car! Hiller, the West Newark Quartette Club,

' Conductor Car! Muehe,and the Kreutz Quartette
at O'Donne|'s undertaking place ii Washing- |

As the band «f the first funeral procession |

went up Wash ngton = street, plavine a
dirge, aman at Fourth street who had hi. flag
outin honorofthe Fourth, of July puiled it
down te hal’-mast, and his exampl» was imme-
diate y followed all a ong the line of march,

Cari Seo umacher, a steward on the Main, ts

prebanly the oniy survivorofa family of four |

rothers all of whom were employed on the
bummed ships. Wilhelm and Carl were both on
the Main Henry and adolph were on. the

ante
tieother three boys were lost. Yesterday he
received a message saving that after reading
hiscablegram his mother fell dead,

Work on the Main and the Bremen ta pro-

sing steadily, but as yet no bodies have
een found, nor has the search for bodies be-
gun systematically. Not until the water is
out of the ships ean exhaustive examination
he made of those parta of the hulls where it is
thenght that the bodies lie. At present the
efforts of the Merritt-Chap
«ven to closing the leakage in the shine pre-
paratery topunping them out, It is expected
hat the pumring will not begin until early next
week, Six divers were at work all day yester-
dav on the shirsclosing the portholes. Many
of the inside shutters were found in place
which facilitated the work and the closing of
the second row of portholea of the Bremen was
almost cemnleted vesterday. Two
around the Bremen near the bow hold her from
tacing a further slant and it is probable that as
she is lightened the strain of the chains will
straighten her ap The work of removing the
bales of cotton from the hold was continued.
Pumps were at work in the second hatch yes-
erday.

A sensational story to the effect that the
life preservers of the Bremen were stuffed with
straw and that one of therm sank when thrown
in the water was published by an evenin.
Paper vesterdav. The officers of the ship sal
that such a story was unworthy of attenticn.
80 did Gustav Schwab. If anv life preserver
from the ship sank it was one that had burst
open. Capt. Petermann with several of his
officers visited the Main yesterday morning
and spent some time on her. She has not
tettied perceptibly further than on the pre-
— , and at high tide her decks are just

WAAR

The boatmen at Weehawken and Shadv-
Side did a great holiday business with excur-
f'onists and camera fiends. Man) of the steam
brat excursions up the river stopped to give
their passengers a view of the stranded wrecks.
For the small boats prices were up and every
one crowded for every trip until the storm
came up and put a damper on business. Sey-
eral policemen from the police boat were sta-

Cari cabled his mother in Berlin that |

|

|

man Company are |

ehains |

 

|

Club of New York, Conjuctor Franz Rey!.
They were the singers selected to compete for
the priz2 which the German Emperor pro-
vided for the soc ety, which, in the opinion of
the judges, best rendered Peter Lassenbender's
song “Das Deut-che Led.” The Emp:-ror
selected this song from 307 compositions as the
one best a japted to the purposes of the compe-
tition.

The armory was crowded as it has not been at
any previcus tests, and ft served as a halting
plice for many of the singers on their way to
the picnic at Ridgewood Park. Tne judges
were the same that had acted at the previous
competition. Intonation, phrasing, rhading,
pronunciation an@ precision were again the
standards by which the singers were estunated
Tie |.steners applauded every chorus enthusi-
a-tically, ventured to predict freely which would
win the prize and cheered their favorites when
they seemed to deserve It, é

The picnic bagan at 1 o'clock and ihe judges
committee met In the park at that time to con-
tinue its deliberations, which continued until
8 o'clock, when the winners were named in
the large pavilion by President Cari Lenz of the
Northeastern Saengerbund. It was hajt past
® before the decisions were announced. The
contesta in the different classes had shown the
singers to be so nearly Ajual that In some cases
as many ug three tied for the places. Ti ls
equal ty was most maryed in the competitions
for the *Kaiserpreis.”’ It was impossible to de-
cide between the Arion Society of Brook-

vn and the Junger laennerchor = of
f i ach society received 137 points
Funagepnia, oe 150. Alter a discussion be-

tween the Presidents of the two organizations
it was decided that each should keep the ayatie
of th: Minnasinger for a year ania half. It
willagain te offer dat the next Saencerfest
he second prize in this competition was a
oden lyre, won by. the Long Island City
Fifed singers as the best of the choruses next
to the two which shared the first prize. In the
first clasa of societies the first prize was shared
bw the Hoboken Quartette Club and the Colum-
bia Boole of Philjadelpaia. The presidents drew
lote an the prize of a arad plano went to the
Hoboken singers he others
diplomas. The second prize was shared by
8 Prans Schubert Maennerchor of New
ork and the Musical Art Society of Baltimore,
In the second class of ancitie- the Co icordia of
Wi kes Barre von the first priz>, the Harmonia
of New York and Liederkranz of E izabeth tied
for the second. In the third class the first
prize went to the Einigkeit of Staten Is!and, and
ths Allemania Cordaiia of New York divided
toe honor of second place with the Frohsinn of

{c } timore
tioned on the Bremen to keep off relic hunters | at aA United City Singing Societies, Baltimore

wid cur oeity seakers,

From 9 o'clock yes! erday morning
Sunset a good-sizei flotilla of rowboats, sail-
beats and launches hovered near where the
Saale lav, and those in the boats made the lives
of the wreckers miserable by the questions
they asked. The Merritt-Chapman wrecker:
were at work taking out the Saale’s cargo an
Closing the ports In that part of the ship thus
lightened by the cargo's removal. As soon
As the cargo is removed syphon pumos will be
rigged and the ves-el pumped out. Up to late
yesterday afternoon no more bodies had been
taken fr om the ship.

Speaking of the Saale yesterday afternoon,
“ustay Sohwabsaid that he now believed it
Would be possible to repair the ship so that she
Would be practically ag good as new, “And
What istrue of the Saale,” continued Mr
Schwab. “istrue ofthe Main and the Bremen.
I Went over these ships this afternoon and they
‘re damawed much less than lL supposed. I do
Autthiok the machinery of any of the ships

sferousty damaged and T believe that we
“hall be able to uae ell three again.”

Mr Schwab denied the truth of astatement
‘tributed to one of the (tugboat men at Tues-

“ing by some newspaners vesterday,
et that perhip. the North German
|.ovd had instigated stories about the alleged
‘rusty and heartless conduct of tugboat men
itor fre in order to escape paying salvage.
[lv also vaveout the following cable message,
reeved yesterday from the home office of the
in Bremen
* North German “Lioyd makes the fol-
s Announeement. A severe conflagration
vecr ved our entire pier system in Hoboken,

  

until after |

!
|

| Mr. Jeffries, all of Cincinnatt,

(sit heavy damage to three steamers of our |
" \ large number of officers and members |

0
hering tothe r pests

“In order to d> honor to the herote conduct |

‘how. by the entire crew of our steamers,
1 hoir battle agalost the torrible elemen's.
the famiies of offleors and members of the

crews who perish:d in the catastrophe shall

the crows lost their lives while faithfully ad- |

won the firet prize in the first class and Long
Inland City the first prize in the second class
These prizes were busts of Richard W agner aud
Franz Abt. Inthe first. second and third class
contests, the firat prize was a grand plano, and
the other prizos bronze panels and silver cups.

The fe-tivities will conclude to-day with an-
other pienic at Ridgewood Park. The following
letter of thanks was sent to the German Am-
bassador at Washington:

“Von Helloden, German Ambassador, Washington,
» C

“pire hundred delerates reprfaenting the North-
eastern Saengerbund of America—with §,000 sing-
ers and $00,000 passive members -in convention as
sembled, tender to the Emperor of Germany, through
you, bts representative in this, our adopted country,
our most sincere and heartleit thanks for his enerous
and magnificent gift. CARL LENZ, President,

ARRIVALS ON THE OCEANIC,

Many Well-Known Americans Among the Big
Liner's Passengers,

Something more than two thousand passen-
gers, including those in the steerage, arrived by
the White Star liner Oceanic yesterday. Among
those in the first cabin were President M. E.
Ingalls of the "Big Four” Railroad, Mrs. Ingalls,
Miss Gladys Ingalls, Miss Maude Jeffries and
Mr. Ingalls was
on the other side about two months. Others in
th: firatcabin were Columbus C. Baldwin and
W. M. Baldwin, the Hon. Patrick A. Collins of
Boston, Mr. and Mrs, W, Butler yocen and Mr

dM Hen . Duncan, . the Rev,
Charles H Eaton, pastor of the Church of the

in iat ated ate ena Hatt
a
Fee iree conn: Gen, Gamaer

erwin an
‘irs. Merwin, and Archbishop Riordan of Ban
Francisco,

re eived |

RIS CLOTHES.

Liked Baumgort'’s Better Than Bis Own Se
He Forced an Exchange,

Ernest Baumegert, formerly of this city, lost
his Job recently and went to work asa farm
hand in East Englewood. Hesavedmoney and
invested itin new clothes. On Tuesday night
he put on his new clothes and started to visit a
friend in Hackensack. When he got to the West
Shore depot at about 10 o'clock he found that
he was a little too early for the train.
gert started for a saloon about five blocks away
to geta drink. Hehad only walked half the
distdnte when a rough-looking man stepped in
front of him and, pointing a revolver at his
head, told him to throw up his hands. Baum-
gert obeyed. :

“Now,” said the highwayman, ‘‘give me your
money.” Baumgert told him that he was a poor
man and that all he posseased was $

 

1.6).
“That's al! right,” the robber said, “it's better |

than nawthlo.”

Aurmgert hesitated and the highwayman
ourzered nim with approval,

‘That's a nice sult you've got, my friend:
suppose we exchange. I think I need eome new

clothes.

The highwayman then ordered Baumgert to
remove his coat, white shirt, trousers and
underclothes.

“Now me good friend,” said the robber,
ten’ make ay bad breaks while | am drese-
ae”

8 '
After the highwayman had put on Baumgert’s
clothes he said: “Ain't I the real thing? These
duds were made for ime originally, seems to

6.
Then Baumgert got into the torn trousers and
the blue coat which the robber had rded.
‘Thos shoes are too big for me, 80 you can
keep ‘em, but I'll have to see how that head-
gear of your's fits,” said the robber.
Baumgert's hat was removed and in its place
he got a piece of black cloth that might have
been a fedora once. ,
“It's w little tight,’ commented the robber,
“but I suppose can't be two particular,
There's one thing more I bave to say bel: re we
rt. Onno condition make any noise before
‘m out of sight or } have to send you looking
‘or your head, Much obliged for your little
a and these fine clothes. Good night,
r

Baumeert came to this city on Tuesday night
and went tosee his friend Kettner, with whom
he used to live fn fast Houston street, He was
still attire’ in the highwayman’s clothes,

“What happene. to you?’ asked Kettner.
“Are you broke?” . a
“No,” said Baumgert, I've been robbed,
and he told of his experience on Monday night.

“Sbame! B ame’ hame!” said Kettner. A
big man like you, Maybe the revolver wes
empty. You had right to fight him.

 

ATTRACTIVE YOUTH FROM AUSTRIA.

One Girl Paid Fils Kare, Another Chipped tn
650 and Married Him.

About four weeks ago Sucher Kessler came
to this country from Austria with $15, His fare
had been paid by Betsy Weiss, of 133 Eldridge
etreet. She is 17 years o'd and Kessler owns to
19. Sheisa servant and he isacarpenter and
he went to board at the same place with Miss
Weiss. They were to be married immediately.

Kessler visited friends in that section of the
city and a couple of weeks ago, at \i4 Ridge
street, he first saw Sery Bzreiber, who is also
from Austria and has been working asa servant
for the Jast six years in this country, She says
that she is 28 yearsold. She says that Kessler
took her to the (ity Hall on June 27 and mar-
ried her before Alderman Hoffman aid that
she gave him $50 with which to buy furniture.
He went out and did not come back, but she
saw him on the street later =

“| asked him where my money was,’’she told
Mavistrate Pool in the Centre street court yes-
terday. “and he said he had it
gir: than I. Sol had him arrested 1 gave him
the money because he is my husband and I

ira."
wy esler says that Sery went with him to the
City Halland lent him $50 with which to buy
tools. He signed a paper which he thought was
areceipt and promise to pay for the loan, but
which, it turned out, was a weddin« certificate.
These things he told Mawistrate Pool, who ad-
Journed the case unt this niorning so that some
r witnesses nay be sumh one :

“aeey bas had invit ations to a wedding between
her and Kessler sent out asking friends
ceremony which isto take place, according to
the invwations, at. Victoria Hall at 80 and 82
‘ti Nn street, on
SRetons. contraste with the marriage certifi-
cate, leftthe Magistrate much mixed as to the
exact status of affairs, Betsy Wejss was in
court yesterday mournful and faithful,

COLON ORDERS ALIENS AWAY.

Especially Jamaicans, Whom the Authorities
Denounce- Decree Defied,

Boston, July 4-G. Osborne Grant, legal
representative of the Guianese Junta here, re-
ceived the following official communication
vesterday from Kingston, Jamaica, dated June
27

“The authorities at Colon, Colombia, issued
a decree yesterday’, ordering the expulsion of
all foreigners residing there. As the decree Is
published in the Spanish language and has
special reference to English-speaking people
who are not conversant with Spanish, we give
the following translation of the same:

“ ‘Considering that there is much vagrancy
among the population of this city, generally
the Jamaicans, who have been the cause of
innumerable scandals and crimes, as has been
proven on more than one orcasion; that in the
time of peace vagrancy is dangerous, but that
such danger is augmented in the time of war,
such as at : robberie
fires, &c., which have occurred in this city for
many years have been caused by foreign vaga-
honds, more @specially Jamaicans, and these
vagabonds, whose exclusive object is that to
robbery, come together in this ume of war like
the suicide of 1885, which have left a baneful
memory in the city of Colon: for these reasons,
therefore, it is decreed, ordering the expulsion
of all forelaners, particularly Jamaicans, re-
siding in this elty.’

im consequence of the publication of this
decree, Colon is in a state ol excitement and the
British, American and other foreign Consul-
ates have been densely crowded with people
yesterday seeking information, and a fresh
outbreak is imrainent if the authorities should
ever allempt to put | ie decree into force, e
Jamaicans have already defled the authorities
to move them one inch from the city, where
some of them own valuable real estate, stores
shons, &e. The steamship agents are incline
to think that if the city authorities should ate
tamnt to put the decree into force their valuable
wharves and properties will be in great danger
of destruction by fire from the hands of the
Jamaican warriors.”

 

DOINGS OF NEWPORT SOCIETY.

 

Elbridge T. Gerry's Annual Foarth of Jaly
Yachting Party.

Newport, R. I., July 4.—Elbridge T. Gerry,
as has be’n his custom for years, gave a sailing
party and luncheon to-day on the steam yacht
Electra. ‘he yacht was decorated, and in
honor of Lord Paunoefote, the British Ambassa-
dor, who was one of-the questa, the Engtfsh
flag was Gown from the fore. Ths other guests

vers E.&, Willine, Mre. Cornelius Vander-
bit, Jor en av Goelet, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. D.
Lanier, Mr. and Mrs. Herb rt R. Bishop. Mrs.
| Hermann Oelrichs, Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, Mr
' and Mrs. Cl ce W Dolan, Mre. H. Mortimer
| Brooks, Miss Brooks, Mrs.C. H. Raldwin, T. F,
| Cushing, Miss Cysing, G. H. Warren, J

oodward, EB. Rol ins Morse, Miss Mason, Mrs
| Thontas Altcheock, Miss Davies and Mr. and

Mrs. F. W. Andrews.

In the morning the men of the cottage colony

ourneyed to ton's Point, where the Clam-
ake Club had its first outing at “Jim” Phil-
en '

° hs opener Mrs. F. P Garrettson held a re-
ception at her vida in Touro Park.

SS Sst Ss SSS ssn SSS SSS SS

 

ARTILLERYMAN MISSING,

 

Murray Left a Letter Saying That He Was
Tired of Life,

|
Edward Murray of the Fifth United States
Artillery disappeared from Fort Hamilton
onSunday, He was assigned to duty in the
Commissary Department under Capt. 8S. 8.
Allen. On theday of his disappearance hi
visited Otto Haase’s Hotel at Elghty-sixth an
Fort Hamilton avenue, and left with him bis
gold wateh and chan and other valuables. He
told Iiaase that he was tired of living and
wanted todie, Ina jetter which Murray left

‘or Capt, Allon he saic
, T Witen vou read this T will have solved, the

nyst fdeath. You will probably wonder
why Thott th » fort and what induoed me to do

Tl tell vou itis because T wish to
the yee weary and tired of this life as T am
unable to meet tes demands.

 

Ran Over by a Train in Eleventh Avenue,

Frank Stapleton, an iron worker, of 542 Weat
Fiftleth street, was run over yesterday by a
train In the yarda of the New York Central
Railroad at Forty-ninth street and Eleventh
avenue and take: to Roosevelt Hospitalin a
dying condition. The crew of the train said the

| man was stealing a ride when the accident oc-
curred, but others deciared that he was a pas-

sas ian Waist cP" Snead

the co Leonard Bau
‘0 Voot Thirioth street, were arrested.)

Baum- ,

for a prettier |

to the |

July 14. The fact of these in- |

present: that a8 all the robberies, !

, SMALLPOX AT CAPE NOME.

'
| TWO STREAMERS BRING TRE DISEASE
TO THE NEW MINING CAMP.

 

 

Quarantine Station Established at Egg Island
} ~Gold Seekers Suffer From Lack of Shelter
| Confusion in Handling the Freight--Acol-
dents to Steamers oo the Trip North.
Nomg, Alaska, June 18.—No one could have
predicted a month ago thestate of confurion
| which exists on the Nome beach this week, and
| few would have ventured to predict any such

chapter of marine accidents as have occurred

in Behring Sea within the lastfortnight. Four-

teen thousand gold hunters have already landed
| at Nome, and not more than two-thirds of the
| number of vessels engaged in the northern
! Alaska trade have reached this port on their
| first trips. All the steam vessels expect to make
three more trips from San Francisco or S»attle
to Nome before the end of the seraon, and all of
them are looking for large pa*senger lists on all
| except perhapa the last voyage.

Two great steamslips have been quarantined
here on account of an outbreak of smallpox
on board and not a passenge® ora pound of
i freight is allowed to land from them The
| beach is glutted with freight until the
| waves threaten 'o wash it way, end at least

nine-tenths of the inhabitants are existing in

tents or with no shelter at a).
| Acase of varioloid which is capabje of spread-
{ ing into a more virulent type of smallpox, has

broken cut in the great mining camp. Exe

Island, twelve miles west of St. Michael, has

been made aplace of de‘ention for the emall-

pox patients, and the two ships on which the
disease was discovered—th» Ohio and the Santa
| Anna—are anchored In the vicinity.

There is almost an utter absence of civil or
military government in ths Cape Nome district,
as well asin the whole territory of northwest-
ern Alaska, and the s:tuation was an ugly one

| last week when the Ohio came in with her two
smailpox patients and her other passengers
insisting strenuously oncoming ashore, Li-ut

D. H. Jarvis, of the revenue cutter service, is

stationed hereon duty as a Treasury special

agent, and he immediately took radicil
| measures to maintain the health of Nome
|
|

 

and to avert the imminent danger of a
scourge of disease. Acting under the ¢lastic
powers gran ed to him in his in-tructions from
the Treasury Department six weeks ago,
Lieut. Jarvis ordered that the Ohio’should pro-
ceed to Egg Island and remain in quarantine
there for at least ten days. A cargo of lumber
was shipped to that deserted place for building
apest hospital and Lieut. Jarvis proceeded to
the island to personally superintend the quar-
antine arrangements. There was a vigorous
protest from the passengers on the Ohio, who
had come to the Noine coast to dig gold or to
engage in other enterprises. They realized
that a loss of time was a serious matter for
their interests. The company which owns the
Ohio submitted with a slight protest.

Lieut. Jarvis returned to Nome yesterday
morning. He had been there two or three hours

when the steamship Santa Anna appeared a

mile off shore, flying a yellow flag he heaith

oMoer ap, ointed by the municipal Government
of Nome yen out to the vessel with Lieut.

Jarvis and found a case of smallpox on

board. Before night the Santa Anna was also
| on her way to Egg Island

Rumors are constantly circulated in the min-
| ing camp of all sorta of disaster to veasela which
are known to have left San Franciaco or Puget
Sound, but have notarrived. A greatscare was
caused by areportthat the big steamship Ro-
anoke from Seattle had an epidemic of smail-
| pox on board. After the veaseP reached Nomu
| Rer ssenwers were detained on board for
| twenty-four hours, and a searching investiga-
| tion was made by the medical omer. One sus-
| piclous case was oer passed favorably and
, the Roanoke is to-day discharging her passen-
| gers and freight.

‘There is now great anxiety on account of the
| non-appearance of the Garonne, one of the
largest ships on the Pacific coast. She is known
to have left Dutch Harbor at leasta week ago
, and she was spoken by @ passing vessel only 150
miles from Nome several days ago.

The wrecks wlich were blown ashore in the
great storm which swept the coast ten days
ago have been followed by others. The army
transport Rosecrans, loaded with commissary
and quartermaster supplies for Nome, is
acround in ashailow part of Behring Sea, 200
miles from Nome, thirty miles from land. She
was hailed by a passing ship, but had not yet
decided to accept assistance,

Che bria Huater of Seattle isa total wreck a
few miles from Cape Romanzoff. A Govern-
ment investigation is likely to follow Her
j owner was aboard, and with another man
| ordered ter master to put him ashore at the

Cape in order thathe might do some prospect-

ing. A day's delay ensued in which a danger-

ous wind came up and an ice floe ap) eared in
|

the near vicinity. The brig was forced ontoa
said bar Ler passengers were put ashore
ina Goousbed place near Cape Romanzoff, and
some officers and crew from the vessel
pur to sea in the vessel's steam jaunch in
search of assistance, The launch encountered
the steamer Ranier of San Francisco, bound
{for Nome. The distressing situation of the

Hunter's passengers was described and the

Ranier's master was asked to take them on
| poard. He refused to dotiis on the plea that

e was neariy out of provisons. The Ranier
| then proceeded for Nome. Soon after the

Jaunch hailed the schooner Signum Her

mastery refused to assist the Gletreasee passen-
, gers from the Hunter and proceeued. Jaier in
| the same Gay the launch came wichin speaking
' distance of the steamers Valencia and the City
| of Nome. These veasels put back to Cape
Romanzoff, and taking on the passengers of the

Hunter, who were in dangér of starvation,
} Proyent them to Nome, where they have been

anded.

Before the Valencia and the City of Nome ar-
rived the report of the Hunter's situation had
reaohed here, and it was known that the brig
hed broken up and that her passengers were in
A perilous position on shore. Consequently, tho
revenue cutter r pat tosea yesterday to
fave the passengers. She has not yet returned.

The schoo :er Eclipse encountered heavy ice
in Bering Sea jast week, and a hole was stove
in her hull. It became necessary for her crew

nd passengers to réach shore {n desperate
Resto, and the schooner was beached on the
randy bar twenty miles north of Cape Roman-

9
A searching investigation will nrobably be
made by the Government with the object of de-
termining wh the Ranier and the Signum
refused to ogtend aid to the distressed passen-

| gers of the Hunter
The moet serious feature of the situation on

Nome Beach, aside from the smal)pox soare,

the lack «(f accommodations for the men an

women who are rushing !n from the States.

Probably 11,000 persons are living in tenta on

the beach or on the tundra. In many cases

speee tents are the poorest kind of shelter.
very inch of space on the beach tnat is not o¢-

cupied by rqight i@ covered with an im-

romptu dwelling of canvas. he glut of

reight must be afrightful thing for the owners
\ 2 see, for the qeee: are landed at the shippers’

3k, and the damage from rain and waves is
Serious and extensive every day The officials
of the transportation companies are over-
worked, and If is impossible to comply
promptly with the demands of half the oon-
signees tor the necessary written forms allow-
ing them to move their gords Yet it is impos-
sible to land any more goods from incoming
ahips until a part of the stuff alreauy put ashore
has ben taken away.

The lack of sleering quarters is severely felt,
and men and women who are totally unfitted to
endure the ricorsof the norwern Alaska cli-
mate are suffering from exposure. Men walk
the streets (the roads in Nome are by courtesy
called streets) every night for want of a place
to sleep, and others roll themselves in their
| blankets and Iie, without sheiter,on the wet
sand of the beach. The weather, never very
mild in this part of Alaska, has bern exoeption-
ally raw and disagreeable for several Gre,
Las! night there waa a severe storm of mingled
rain and snow, and the sea ran eo high that all
the ships lying @ mile off shore were on the
point of putting further away when the siorm
abated this morning.

FOUND WOUNDED !N A WALLWAY,

N

 

 

And a Man With a Pistol Who Was Attending
Him Locked Up.

Cantensio Clamio of 243 Mulberry street is
unconscious in the Brooklyn Hospital from a
bullet wound in his left breast. A policeman
found him wounded tn the hallway of 276 Tillary

treet and standing over him Henry tcogillo of
Nay y and Tillary streets. scozillo was locked
up charwed with feionious assault. He denied
all kvowl-dge of the shcoting and said he had
pecidentally found tie wounded man in the

alivay. [fo his pocket was a loaded revolver,

ut he said he vas carrying this because it was
the vpurth of July. Clamio's concition is
critical,

 

BREAKS HER FAST,

 

CURRY
She Started Last October to Starve Herself to
Death.

La Porte, Ind, July 4.—Pearl Curry, the
young woman who vowed to take her life by
starving herself, to-day broke Ler fast which

began last October, and she is now clamoring

for tood. She offers no explanation for her

long reoy ralbie which her life was sustained
e

PEARL

 

f t
than that she ia th retin of mental fpduenses
which she cannot con er weight to-day
was fifty-two pounds,

—————————

 

FOURTH OF JULY JOKER PUNCHED.

Meta Man Whe Didn't See Fun in Chasing
Another With a Pistol.

One of those genial youths wha furnish the
didn't-know-it-was-loaded entries in the lists of
accidental deaths got his just deserts yester-
day from a man who hadn't that sense of
humor which leads one to consider the firing a
pistol ata fellow creature a choice joke. The
man, who was a quiet and inoffensive looking
citizen, stood on the corner of Fulton and High
streets, Brooklyn, smoking a cigar and wailing
foracar. As ho stood there two young fellows
of 19 or 20 years of age got to skyiarking in the
open piava at the side of the Bridge. One of
them threw a big firecracker at the other, who
promptly drew a pistol loaded with blank
cartridges. The first fellow ran and the other
pursued him, flourishing the pistol. Both re-
garded jtasa joke. Unfortunately they hadn't
wapen the public into their confidence.

he man on the corner didn't notive what
Was going on until the pursued youth plunged
around the corner, bumping roughly against
him. Then he turned in time tos the pursuer
come whooping up, brandishing his pistol. He
fired {t just ag he reached the corner. The oc-
cupant of that location, supposing that a mur-
der was in progress, straightway developed
into a man of action. He caught the running
youth a punch that !a: ded him in the gulter.
As he rolled his weapon f>w out of his hand
the man quickly possessed himself of the pistol,
Its owner staggered to his feet and came over
to the man, rubbing his ear with an expression
of grievance and pain.

“Wot ver scak me ter?” he demanded

Stand back.’ warned the man, waving him
off with the pistol
ve Thit thing ain't loaded," whined the youth

You gotarght to find out wot yer doin’ be-
fore ver soak a feller.”

‘That's right,’ pitin the youth who was be-
ing chased, coining back hastily upon seeing
the mishap to his companion, “They ant
nothin’ but blanks in that pistol."

‘The man looked from one youth to the other.
Then he opened the revolver, took out the
cartridges, examined them, threw them into the
Gutter, tossed the pistol after them and sald to
the injured youth:

‘Next time you won't be such a blasted fool,
mavbe."’

“That's a nice way to treat a feller,’’ whined
the youth, ashis assailant boarded a car and
was whiriei away.

MORRIS COUNTY JAIL I8

 

 

“OwImID."

Sheriff Was Fishing, the Jail Keeper Racing,
80 Five Prisoners Walk Out,

Mornistown, N. J., July 4.—Five prisoners
confined in the Morris County Jail made a suc-
cessful dash for liberty this afternoon and
there seems to be small chance of capturing
them. They are Oliver and Alfred Stiles, who
were awaiting trial for burglary; Patrick O'Brien
and Danie] Batson, charged with assault, and
Tom Scanlon, charged with wife beating. Their
escape was contrived in a manner as simple
as it was daring.

For the last five days O'Brien has been hav-
ing fits. It is now believed that they were
cleverly simulated. His fits were so violent
that the jail physician, whenever O'Brien col-
lapsed, had him taken from his cell to an ad-
Joining room used asa hospital, Sheriff Charles
A. Baker went fishing this morning. At noon
Jail Keeper Orr went out to see a trotting race
and Deputy Sheriff Ira W. Cory was left in
charge. He is a veteran of the Civil War and
is neither strong nor robust in health. About
2:39 o'clock he was called into the jail by Alfred
Stiles

“O'Brien has another fit and ought to be taken
out,” said the burglar, Deputy Cory unlocked
the outside door and passed into the corridor
leading to the cells. The men were all in the
corridor, As the deputy opened the door
Stiles assisted O'Brien CarONEs. The pre-
tended sick man fel] in a heapon the floor, block-
ing the doorway, and as Deputy Cory stooped
over him to pics him up he was seized from
behind by Stiles, who, with the other prions,

uickly bound and gagged him with towels.
hen they took the keys from his pockets,
unlocked the outer door and walked out into
the street.

Two or three people saw the prisoners walking
out hatless, but pald no attention to them.
Joseph Byram, another prisoner, refused to
leave the Jail, saying that he was innocent of
the crime of which he stands charged. He
had unfastened the deputy's bonds two minutes
after the other prisoners went out, but they had
vanished by that time. Stiles's brothers served
in the army in Cuba.

 

 

FAMOUS MOUNTAIN CLIMBER.

 

 

Sir William Martin Conway Here on His Way
to the Andes.

Sir Willam Martin Conway, the celebrated
mountain climber and explorer, arrived here on
th: White Star Line steamship Oceanic yester-
dayfrom V.iverpool. He left at once for the
coast of Maine, whence, after a brief stay, he will
start for Mollendo, Perv, by way of the is hmus
Tt is his intention tomake observations and ex-
plorations to obtain data fora new map of the
eastern slope of the Andes. Material for his

map of the western slope, recently published by
the London Geographical Society, was gath-
ered two years ago, ’

From Mollendo Sir William will go to Lake
Titicaca, where the real werk of his undertaking
will begin. He was accompanied trom kurope
by only one servant, intending to secure further
assi-tants if necessary from among the natives,

Sir William is disin lived to talk about his
achievements. He-sid, however, that he had
retired from serious mountain climbing, ‘lhe
only serious effec's he experienced {n_ his
climbing was mountain sickness, which
occurs in high altitudes, On two ocea-
sions, once In the Himalayas and again
near Aconcagua on the Argentine frontier, the
expicrer reached the height of about 25,000
feet, flis explorations extead over a period of
twents -seven years and have inchided the big
mountains cf both hamispheres. On the occa-
sion of his highest camb he was for eighty-four
days in the region of perpetual snow and ica.

 

WRATHFUL BRITISH SKIPPER,

 

Portuguese, Celebrating St. John's Day With
Rockets, Ran Him Out of His Course.

Capt. James of the British steamship Poca-
hontas, which arrived yesterday from Mediter-
ranean ports, reported that on June 23, in lati-
tude 39.35, longitude 2;.07, at $30 P. M., he
observed a light on the port beam which ap-
peared to be a torch as a signal requiring as-
sistance; ‘‘altered ship's course and bore
down for the light. On approaching could
eee a large fire on deck; same time ob-
served rockets being sent off. When
close t vessel found her to be a@ fore-and-aft
schooner and by the excitement aboard pre-
sumed she required immediate assistance. W.

uickly lowered away a lifebout in charge o
the chief officer, who, On reaching the schooner,
was informed in broken English that they were
celebrating the Feast of St John There was
no port of registry on stern, only her name,
Avero: manned by a Vortuguese crew, who by
signs indicated they were bound west, but
did not say where bound from. We ran our
steamer eight miles out of her course oving to
the couduct f the Poctusuese crew, which i
I presume, entirely against the internationa
law of nav gation.”

 

LIFE LOST BY FIREBUG'S WORK.

 

Boy Burned to Death and Several Women
Narrowly Escape in a Tenement Fire.

Paterson, N. J., July 4.--A filrebug set the
tenement house at 22 Teinple street on fire
this morning at 4 o'clock and caused the death
of six-year-old Barry Rodjeski. He was found
dead on the third floor after the fire. Three
women fled to the roof and wer? rescued by the
flremen after rome hard fighting with the flames
and swwoke, One woman jumped from the roof
toatreein front of the house’ The fire was
atartedinthe cellar. There is scant clue to the
flrebug.

—

 

For a New Dry Dock at the Navy Yard Here.

Wasminaton, July 4.—Rear Admiral Endi-
cott, Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
has directed Civil Engineer Asserson of the
New York Navy Yard to prepare plans for the
atone and conerete dry dock to be erected there.
An appropriation of $1,000,000 for the construo-
tion of the dock became. available on July,
The general plans, already outlined, provide
that the dock shall be bei w en 500 and feet
long and have adepth of 82 ieet. A board of
naval officers will be appointed to select a site
in the yard

 

Admiral Barker to Command Brooklyn Navy
Yard,

WASHINOTON, July 4. ~ Rear Admiral A. F,
Barker, commanding the Norfolk Navy Yard,
has been seleoted to suceced the late Rear Ad-
miral Philip as commandant of the New York
Navy Yard

 

Dr. Norton Satis for Harput,

Dr. Thomas H. Norton of Cincinnati, recently
a inted by the President, to found an Amer. -
fon consulate at Harput, Turkish Armenia,
sailed yesterday on the steamer Archimede for
Constantinople, on the way to his new post.

Chactaugaa Bscerwton.
$10.00 round trip ty Erie iiroad, July 6
Tickets good fos retura unt) August 41b.—Ade

 

 
  

 

|

|
|

|

!

 

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

Private letters received in New York dur-
ing the past week give the most discouraging
accounts of the vocal condition of Jean de
Resske, who has not reappeared at Covent
Garden since his unfortunate performance
three weeks ago. The distinguished tenor
now believes that he has some serious throat
trouble and will in all probability sing no more
until reat and treatment have restored his
voice. This discovery was not made until
after M. de Resske’s appearance. When he
arrived in London he felt in excellent health
and told his friends that his long rest had been
of great advantage to him, On the dey of
his appearance he was certain that he would
renew his former successes. But the letters
received here relate that the tenor's voice
grew steadily worse until it was positively
necessary that some sort of explanation be
made. The demeanor of the audience is waid
to have done much to increase M. de Reszke's
confusion. It did not encourage him, but
preserved an attitude of icy disapproval. An-
other feature of the evening was the presence

in the audience of Jean de Reaske'p brother,

Victor, who had come all the way from Mos-

cow to hear the tenor whom he had not seen

on the stage for years. Mme. de Reszke sat

in the box with him until abe retired unable
on

 

to retain her composure any longer. Nervous-
ness is Sne of the explanations given for the
de Reazke

painful resultsof the evening
ad not sung for more than a year and he is as
great a sufferer from nervousness as are all real
artists. Somebody met him one day In the corri-

or of the Metropolitan by the stage awaiting
the time of his appearance. “What are you
doing here?” he was “I am the con-
demned prisoner," he said, “waiting to
taken to the gallows.” Hia condition, as wel
as his disporition not to sing again, might be
the result of some such severe attack of ner-
vousness.

Thé disappearance of the lobster is not re-
marked on upper Broadway. The crustacean
still seems abundant enough to supply the
demand, although even in the restaurente
the prices of the dish have been materially
raised. The average increase in all restau-
rants has been about 10 cents although =
have taken advantage of the t ty
to make even a greater advance. In the Ash
Markets the price asked ie even ereater evi-
dence of the rapidity with which the popular
lobster is disappearing. The price now asked
is three times as great as it was four years
ago and the present {indications are that there
will be a still @reater increase in the price in
the future.

Women in bootblack shops no longer at-
tract attention. They take their places with
men on the elevated chairs and have come
to be accepted as such ao expected feature
of these shops that they are not regarded with
any greater ouriosity than the men. Nobody
supposed that they felt the need of private

uarters for their own use although one of
the laces recently opened has set aside a
roo pect ly for women patrons. They
are ¢ abled in [t to enjoy all the privileges of
the most completely equipped establishment
for men and may invisible all the time.
The ibilities of the New York bootblack-
ing chop increases every year. Few persons
would have suspected a short time ago at
ite developreent would be so great. Small
repairs have gradually been taken out of the
hands of the shoemakers and become the prop-
erty of the enterprising bootblacks.

 

CROKER’S NEW FIRE CART.

 

With It the Chief Can Now Beat Anything on
Wheels Going to a Fire.

Fire Chief Croker has a new locomobile fire
wagon which he used for the first time tn going
to a fire early yesterday morning. It is said
that the Chief made the run from hia night

eadquarters in Great Jones street to The
ronx in ame ly fast order, the men at fire
n

headquarters ist Sixty-seventh street tak-
ing the time of his passing that point as ex-
actly fifteen minutes from the sending in of the

alarm,
The new machine is more ponderous anda
better staver than the locomobite the Chief has
ust Gieonrded. It is made for long rune at
igh aneed and carries a steam pressure of 250
ounds. Steam is generated asolene. 8
‘hief can now easily best anything in this or
any other town going toa fire.

 

New York State Letter Carriers Organize.

Srracuse, July 4.—Letter carriers from
seventeen cities of the State organized a State
association here to-day to work in oonjunction
with the National Letter Carriers’ Association
Officers were elected ns follows: President, S
O. Stevenaon of Brooklyn; _Vice-President,
Charles Town of Rochester; Seoretary, C. B.
Ingalis, Osweao, Treasurer, 8. L. Palmer, Cort-
land; orga izer State Mutual Benefit Associa-
tion, Charles F. Kelley of New York: delezate-
arlarge te pater convention, Nicholas Aun-

r.,

wier, yracuae; alternate, Charles Walker,
Utica; Executive Board: T, Mahoney, Buffalo;
Charles P. Treanor, Troy, and William Horna-

brook, Fulton.

 

Wellesley College Col. G. F. Towle's Legatee.

PortsmMouTH, N. A, July 4.—Wellesley Col-
lege (a materially benefited through the will of
Col George F. Towle, U. S. A., retired, who
died in London several weeks ago. The instru-

ment, which has been filed for probate here,
gives to Wellesley al his army clothing, swords
and revolvers, The college ulso receives the
eum of $5,000 to eatablish a fund in memory of
the testator's wife, to be known as the Ann
artha iowle scholarship. Col. Towle’s lara
rm near here is also given to Wellesley an
the residue of the property after several small

bequeats are paid goes to the college.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCB.

 

MINIATURB ALMANAC—THI8 DAY. i

Sun rises......4.34) Sunsets 7:34 | Moon sets.11:49
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook.12.12 | Gov 1'4.12:44 | Hell Gate.,..2:37

 

Arrived—WEDNESDAY, July 4
S tansport Sedgwick. Henricks,

July 3.
5a dcoantc, Cameron, Liverpool, June 27.
Ss Trave. Christoffers, Bremes, June 25.
Ss Barbarossa, Menta, Bremen. June 23.
Ss Fourna’, Dupont, Havre, June 15.
s Ydun Christensen, cra June 27.
83 sa. Fendt. Hamburg. June 21.
8s Heathercralg, Muller, Sb elds, Jgne 17.
$« Pocahontas James, Gibraltar. June 20.
8s Texas. Holm, Shields, June 16
Ss Suwanee Hered 4. Sunderland, June 19.
Ss in. Neilson, Inagua, June 29
$s Aluefelds, Curry, Baltimore, July 2.
$s Hamilton, Boas, Norfolk, 3.

Boston,

 

 

s Seminoe. rse, Jacksonvil: July 1.
s Biehmond. ‘athering, Norfol, July 3
a Noordiand. Losewitz Antwerp, June 26.
Ss Kong Frode, Gunder@en, Port Antonio, June 28.
Bark White Wings, Kemp, Antigua, June 16.
OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Sail To-day.
Matis Close. Vessel Satis
Touraine, Havre... 6309AM 1O0OAM
Fatser Priedties Hambure 630 A.M 1000AM
ucatan, Havana ....... 100P M a00PM
rinidad, Bermuda..... .. ome 1000AM
Buffon, Pernambuco... 10 30a 1200M
Niagara, Nassayu.......-.. ioe a00P 4
enect, Tampico.......... 100 300P
1 Cid, New Orleans sanaaaes s00P M
Sati To-morrow,
nm AYIL, Cadig.......... ‘ (OPM
io Grande, Brunswick. .. ooPM
Seminole, Charleston...... 0 ..-+.+++ oop M
Sail Saturday, July ¥.
truria, Liverpool......... S37 AM 1200
otedam, Rotterdam. s00 AM 19 00 Au
K, Wilhelm Il, Naples QW AM 1100A
Anchoria, Glasgow 1NN0 AM 1200 ¥
Norge, Norway es 1L00AM 100PM
Phenicta, Hamburg ‘ 12 *° P ¥
Marquette, London.......: QO0A
esirian, Liverpool......6) cece eres eee eee
Rien tee" Fieehvenesy Ocereyeces «WER Aad
ritis nD Bren eteten =k Raa
Havana, Havens 1200 oa 100PM
Fontabelie, St. Thomas P30A 1200M
Ponce, Porto Rico 100A 1200M
Grenada, Grenada 1100A 100P M
Altal, Jamaica cose LOOOAY 4 on ¥
Henedict, North Braztl.... 1200M ooP M
Comus, New Orleans edieet s00PM
Nueces, Galveston ar S00PM
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS
Due To-day.
Genesee voceeee Tondon...... ....dune 10
iedar....... -» Gibraltar ». June 18
E! Norte . ew Orleans. .:.. .June 3
Lahn toe op ’ remen........ June 24
Kaiser Wilhelm II..........Gtdraltar June 25
Marietta ‘ . London vvoee June 20
European London...... June 28
Chateau Lafite pordeaus June 23
Jersey Clty Swansea June 2}
Maskelyn.......+. St. Lueia veo June 28
El Monte New Orleans June ao
Tallahassee... ... -. Savannad ... July 2
Due To-morrow
Columbia sos oes Hambure...... June 28
Pennsylvania Hamburg June 25
Christiana Gibraltar June 23
Cereda Falmouth June 22
Due Saturday, July 7.
Campanta Laver 1 June 30
Sparian Prince Ibaltar June 23
Plequa....++ -Gibraltar......... June 22
Due Sundown July &
Svatendam otlerdam June 246
La Gascogne Ayre June a0
LY EPPETERIT TELE London June 28
El Norte eee New Orleans July 3
Due Monday, July 9
uremtleh... ccc... Glasgow...... ....June 28
Brileh Braces sevees Antwerp.,........ June 26
& WIUS: scr ereerereres GIDEOUAE) one... dame 35

 

a ||

 

SHOT AT HIS OPEN WINDOW,

TROJAN PITCHES FORWARD WITH A
DULLET OVER HIS HEART.

 

 

esemeueewee
Wee Sitting With His Wife ip the Granite
Apartment House, Morningside Avenve
~Maa in the Park Was Firlag Ball Car-
tridge With a Revolver—Trojan Will Die.

Andrew Trojan, the New York State agent
for Hunyadi water, was shot and mortally
wounded last night while seated at a window of
his apartment on the second floor ot the
Granite, 20 Morningside avenue, Mr. ‘Trojan
and his wife were side by side at the window at
¢ o'clock, when there was a report of a revolver
coming from the direction of Morningside
Park. Mr. Trojan pitched forward on his
face, As his wife lifted him from the floor, ahe
Saw that blood was coming from a bullet
wound over his heart. She called for help and
the elevator boy ran into the street, told a po-
liceman and went for Dr. J. D. Kirby of 908
Weat 116th stre°t,

Dr. Kirby was trying to restore Mr. Trojan te
consciousness when the ambulance surgeon ar
rived. Both doctors agreed that Mr. Trojan
was mortally hurt and that it would be unwise

to move him to the hospital. Trained nurses
were senttor Upto midnight M 0,
ag reenined consciousness. +. Sees Ree
retectives Hart and Connolly went into Morn-
ingside Park to look for the man who had do!
the shooting. On one of the beuches they foun
Amanabout 35 vears old. He admitted that
had arevolver in his pocket and that heh
oooh "hooting it, ce lobrating fhe Fourth, He
Y , however, that he had been usi

cart ees ha using blank

@ de'eotives searched him and foun
revolver in his hip pocket. The weapon +3
still warm. They ozamined the cartridgea a
found that every one of them carried a ball.
Then the man declared that he had not been
shooting in the air, but had been firing the
weapon. into the ground. The dcetecti
searched, but were unable to find any holes in
the ground nearby. nor could the man poin
out any to them. ‘The man was then arres
and taken to the West 125t) atreet station.

ore he said he was Michael Holly, 40 years
old, a coachman of 134th street and Sevent
avenue. He was loeked up on a charge o
felonious a pt. When he heard of Mr. Tro-
jan’s wound he declared that he was not ree
sponsible for it, ak he had been firing inio the
ground. He admitied that he had used hall
Cartridges, and said that he had told the pclice
that he had been using blanks because he wag
afraid of being arrested for violating the cor-
poration ordinance.

 

SHOT DEAD IN HER DOORWAY.

Bullet Fired by Careless Youth Strack Mre.
Preston im the Heart.

Mrs. Catherine Preston, 33 years old, of 1086
Myrtle avenue, Brookls n, was ahot through the
heart while standing in the dourway of her
house yesterday afternoon. The shooting was
done by Vincenzo Garrero, 18 yoars old, of

 

Grand View, N. J, who was visiting
a relative, Vincenzo Alphofes, a shoe
maker of 1075 Myrtle avenue. Garrero

found the pistol in his relative’s room and
without examining {t to see if it was loaded
with blank or ball cartridges, went out in the
sireet and began cischargi g it. Mrs. Preston
had been standing in ‘Re loorway for some
time and had {pst turréd io go into the house
when the bullet struck er. It entered the
back and went through the heart. The woma
was pied instantly. Garrero was arrested and
locked up.

TROLLEY CAR SMASHES MILK WAGON

And Sends the Two Boys Aboard to Hospital.
One With Mis Skull Broken,

Amilk wagon belonging to Louis Eberhart
and driven by Edward Wagner, 19 years old,
of 211 East Forty-seventh street, was cut in two
by a southbound Third avenue trolley car at
Forty-fourth street early yesterday morn-
ing, and 160 quarte of milk went io waste,
Wagner's left shoulder was fractured, and
George Eberhart, 14 years old, who was with
him on. the wagon, suffered a fracture at the
base of the skull. Both injured boys were
taken to the Flower Hospital.

 

 

‘

JOHNNY REB'S FURTHEST NORTH.

 

Celebration in Wrightsville, Pa., to Commem- .
orate a Civil War Event.

York, Pa., July 4.—The people of Wrights-
ville held acelebration to-day in commemora-
tion of the furthest advange of the Confederates
north during the Civil War here was &
formal de {cation of twocannon and flag and
flagstaff, Congressman E. D. Zeigler wis the
orator. The celebration was under the auspices
of Post 270, G. A. R.

 

Venezucla’s Independence Day.

Venezuela celebrates to-day the seventy-
sixth anniversary of her independence of
Spain. It was on July 5, 1624, that the Venegue-
lan patriots, under Gen. Simon Bolivar, de-
feated the Spanish soldiers in the last impor-

tant engagement of the fifteen years’ struggle
for liberty. President Cipriano Castro will to-
day issue a proclamation officially declaring
the end cf the insurrection.

The Venezuelan: in this city will aleo cele-
brate. Gen N. Bolet Pernzs, diplomatio re
| resentative in this city of the Venezuelan

rnment, will give a dinner at his home, 7
West Eighty-fifth street, which will be attend
by Consul-Gener Gonzalez Esteves an
other Venezuelan residents here.

 

Arrivals From Europe on the Oceanic.

Among the passengers who arrived on the
Oceanic yesterday from Liverpool and Queens
town were: M. Albert d'Artiaues, C.C. Bald-
win, Bruno Benziger, G_ L. Boijssovain, Col. Ale
bany H. Charlesworth, William C. Codman, the
Hon. Patrick 4, Solis W. Butler Duncan, Jr,

{ela Gron, G 8, Mrs. Mark A Panne A.

Hawley, Maurios L. Power and Bishop Riore
dan of San Francisco.

Canrt Calesdars This Day.

Appellat* Pivision—Supreme Court—Recessa
Bupreme Court-Specisl Term~Part | —Motioa
calendar called at 19.30 A. M. Part Il.—Ex-parte
atiers.
mS urrogatce’ Court-~Chambers— For Probate-- Wills
of Gussie Kober, Bridvet McMahon, William

 

Riper. Mary Harvey, Catharine Harmon, at 19:

City Court-Spectal Term—Court opens at 10 A. ML
—Motions

 

BROKAW.~—At the Cariton Hotel, London, of pnee-
monia, on June 24, 1900, Elizabeth F. Gould. be
loved wife of William V. Brokaw

Notiee of funeral hereafter.

CURTIS.— Pefished in the ice-storm and bilzgard
at Mount Washington, N. HM. on Saturday, June
$0, 1900, William B. Curtis, aged 63 years,

Funeral services Friday morniag, July 6, 1040,
at 10 o'clock, from the Madiion Avenue
Presbyterian Church, 53d st. and Madisoa
ave. Members of the New York Athletic Club
Amateur Athletic Union, Fresh Air Ciub and
other associations of which Mr. Curtls was @
member, and all (lends and relatives are invited
to attend the services

DUBYEA.-On Tuesday, July 3, 1990, Hattle Le
Sage, wife of Louls T. Duryea and daughter of
Harriet C. ard the late Carlton Le Sage

Funeral services at her late residence, 189 Prospect
place, Brooklyn, Thursday, July 5, 1900, at &
P M. Interment at convenience of family. Please
omit flowers.

FAIRCHILD.—0Oa July 3, 1900, Mary Louise Homie,
widow of Jarvis M. Falrehild, in ber 6518 year.

Funeral services at the residence of ber brother,
Nathaniel B. Hoxle, 26 South Portland ar,
Brooklyn, Friday, July 6, 1900, at 11 o'clock,
Train for Woodlawn leavea Grand Central depot
2:22PM

O’REILLY.-On Tuesday,
O'Reilly, aged 64 years

Funeral from his late residence, 244 East Fortieta-
st, Thursaay, July 5, 1000, at 130 P. M. °

ORMSBEE.-On Mount Washington, N H., June
30, Allan aon of Allan | and Fanny A

| Ormsbee of Brooklyn, tn the 20th year of his age

i

July 3, 1900, Joha

Services at the residencefof his parents, 143 Joraie-
mon st, Brooklyn, Thursday, July 8, 1900, at 8
PM Interment private at Hartford, Conn.

STOUT. -On Monday, July 2, 1990, at her residenos,
21 Fast Oth st, Anne Morris, daughter of the
late William Walten Morrisof Morrisania and
widow of Aquila G. Stout, in the 95tb yeas of her
ace.

Funeral services will be held at Grace Churcia
Broadway and 10th at, Friday, July 6, 1900 et
1:0 A.M. Interment at Greenwood Cemeterp.

"HE KENSICO CEMETERY. —Private ptation,
lem Railroad, 438 minutes’ tide from the
Central Depot. Office, 16 East 42d 6

 

     

Rew Publications.

~

 

50S ~ Augustine's “Contessiona:” Athanastes
*Orations,”’ Pascal's Lettera PRATT, (61 613 o®