as

Tt

eR TT

BRYAN TO THE WIGWAM.

SAYS HE, HURRAH FOR'16 AND FOR
LINCOLN'S GETTYSBURG SPEECH

 

Gays Croker, Down With the Ico Trust or
Some Other Trust and Air Power or Some
Other Power—Says Young Ryan, the British
Goblins'll Get Ye ef Ye Don’t Watch Out.

Under the guise of a Fourth of July oele-
bration, Tammany Hall ran off a first-class
political meeting at the Wigwam on Four-
teenth street veaterday morning. There were
cocasional references to Thomas Jefferson
and the Declaration of Independence by the
speakers, but they were drowned !n eulogies
of Brvan and the so-called new Declaration of
Independence on which he expecta to sail Into
the White House.

Deapite the absence of so many of the leaders
of the organization at Kansas City there was
a crowd. The hall was elaborately decor-
ated with flowers, plants and flags, and over
the platform was a large picture of Bryan,
The exercises began a little after 10 o’clook,
when Sagamore John T. Nagle, carrying the
Mberty cap, marched into the hall, the Sachems
and officers of the organization behind him.
In the procession were Grand Sachem Thomas
L. Feitner, John J, Scannell, George C. Clausen,
John Fox, Peter F. Meyer, Thomas F. Smith,
Wiskinkie John A. Boyle, Scribe Adrian T.
Kiernan, Judge Warren W. Foster, Ferdinand
Levy, Willis Holly, Judge O'Gorman and John
McQuade. Mr. Feitner started things going
without delay. He made a brief speech of
welcome, referring to the many years that
Tammany has been celebrating the Fourth
of July. Then he eaid:

“It is time that we protest against a Gov-
ernment which exercises imperial and repub-
Moan powers simultaneously. We are op-
posed to a head of the nation who is half Em-
peror and half President. That is a fitting
description of our present President, who is,
by his rule in Cuba, Porto Rioo and the
Philippines violating one of the main principles
of the Declaration of Independence that there
shall be ho government without the consent
of the governed.”

Mr. Feitner then introduced the Hon. Michael
J. Ryan of Philadelphia, who was on the pro-
gramme to gtve the Long Talk, for years the
main feature of the Tammany Fourth of July
celebration. Mr. Ryan isa very eloquent young
man, who seemed to be consumed with the
fear that the present Administration contem-
plates an alliance with Geat Britain. Here
are some of the things that he sald:

“Look where you will, and the entire conduct
of this Administration of the foreign affairs
of our Government is marked by base sur-
render of American rights and abject defer-
ence to England. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty
that she has violated and which was dead,

given new life, and the permission from
Fogland is oravenly asked to build, with Amer-
ican money, the Nicaraguan Canal, which we
humbly promise never to fortify, but leave
at the mercy of England's guns. Germany
has been studiously insulted by Cabinet Min-
jeters and upon the floor of Congress by the
Benator who spoke for the Adiinistration
and who became the permanent chairman of
its nominating convention. The Monroe Doo-
trine is no longer declared to be tbe prinoiple
of the Republican party. In 1834, In 1838,
in 1502, adhesion to it was made part of the Ke-
publican creed. In 1806 the distinct avowal
was made that our country looked forward
to the peaceful absorption into our Ciovern-
ment of all peoples on the North American
continent who then owed allegiance to any
foreign power. The right hand of fellowship
was exteded to the mignty country upon our

rthern bordere—but the platform of 1900
fr ailent upon this question. English diplo-
acy, that Blaine avowed was more to be
feared than England's guns, has triumphed
n the councils of the Republican party and
the spirit of liberty is not to be
permaitved to retard the onward = march
oO imperjaliam. On this issue the be
Yevers in Jefferson and Lincoln challenge the
followers of Mark Hanna. The value of men,
f human Uberty of individual rights, of un-
ettered labor, 0 uality of opportunity

one not the value of money, is the issue
of 1900.”
After the reading of the Declaration of In-

Rc by John B. Mayo, Secretary Thomas
. Smith read a number of letters and telegrams
that had been received. The most interesting
of theee was the following from Mr. Bryan:

“My greetings to Tammany on this, the anni-
versary of the national birth. Let us join in
the resolve to aid in carrying the Government
back to the prinoiples of 1776, that government
of the people, by the people and for the people
may not perish from the earth,

W. J. Bryan.”
The following despatch was sent to the chair-
an of the Kanaaa City Convention by the meet-

The 5,000 loyal Democrats. now celebrating
" Tammany Hall the 124th anniversary of the
aration of Independence, send greetings
to the Democracy of the nation, and join
them in hoping for a speedy vindication of
the principles enunciated 124 years ago to-
day by the immorta! Thomas Jefferson.
“THomas L, FEITNSR,
“Grand Sachem, Society of Tammany.”
This was a slight exaggeration, as there were
not at any time more than 2,000 people in Tam-
many Hall This reply to the despatoh, whiob
was delivered through the New York delegation
at Kansas City, was received from Richard
Croker
“The New York delegation sends tings
to the parte Democrats assembled to cele-
brate the Declaration of Independence under
the leadership of that peerless champion of the
liberties and rights of the people, William Jen-
nings Bryan. There will be framed here to-
day a declaration against the tyranny of trusts,
class legislation, the money power and mili-
tarism. I find the Democrats all over the coun-
try ready to join hands with New York, to bat-
tle for the people's cause and we are confident
of victory. RICHARD CROKER,”
Leon O Batley of Indiana said that his State
went down with New York in 1896, but that he
would rather it went down in defeat and
right, than be victorious standing for claas
iprigiation and the Republican party. John
. Quinn of Montana said that the Republicans
were going on the theory that the Declaration
of Independence is obsolete, butthat the Demo-
crata, knowing it to be imperishable and sup-
rting it always. would be sure to win. Albert
. Childs sald that the country must return to
mocratic principles, if not by the votes of
the people, then by another baptism of blood,
se apeakers were Congressman By ton of
rooklyn, William Temple Emmet and Ira Ed-
gar Rider.

THE FOURTH IN WASHINGTON,
Bons of the Revolation and the Oldest Inhab-
ttanta’ Association Celebrate.

WASHINGTON, July 4.—-Independence Day was
pelebrated here to-day by the Sons of the Rev-
blution, Sons of the American Revolution, the
Oldest Inhabitants’ Association and the Order
of Red Men. The Sons of the Revolution held
services at 10:15 at the Church of the Ascension.
Usually these services have been held at the
base of Washington Monument, but on account
of the beat they were held indoors to-day.
TheSonsot th» American Revolution celebrated
the day at Columbia Theatre at 10 0'clock with
@meeting addreased by the Rev. D.J. Slafford
and Commissioner MeFariand. One of the ine
teresting feaiures was the granting of a charter
for the proposed French Socety ol the Sons of
the American Revolution. Fourteen lineal de-
scendants o| Americans and Frenchmen who
took partin the American Revolution will form
the charter members ot the new organization.

mbas ador Porter heads the list. The Oldest

nhabitanta’ Association held a meeting at noon
in the Corcoran Building and were addressed by
H. BF. Davis, formerly Di triet Attorney,

Judson W, Lyons, Register of the Treasury,
and H. P. Cheatham. Recorder of Deeds, deliv-
ered patriotic addresses at Deanwood Park

 

DANES CELEBRATE THE FOURTH.

Big Picnic at Ulmer Park, With Speeches,
Sports and Prizes,

Instead of celebrating the Danish Indepen-
dence Day upon June 5, as has been their annual
custom, the twelve Danish societies of New
York and Brooklyn decided to hold itin con-
junction with the American Independonce Day
thie year and turned out in lare* numbers at
Ulmer Park, Brooklyn, yesterday. There are
between 12,000 and 15,000 Danes in Greater New
York and about one-thirdofthem were on hand
During tie afternoon athletic sports held the

ecard, including a dash for women, in which
abouta dozen took } art,

The crowd didn't really get together until
about 7 o'clock, when the pers was thronged.

Waldeman Petersen at that time delivered
an address concerning the conditions which
overt in this country and pointed out why
oe sbould be especially Iqyal to the
American flag. He was followed by Chris Peter-
gen, who said Danes were decidedly in love with
the United States. Harald Neble distributed
the prizes won during the day. The Danish
societies represented were: Berthel Thorvald-
sens Association, Dansk  Athlet Cub, Sels-
kabelig Fore ing Dania, Dansk Bieycle Clib,

Kvindeforeningen Dagmar, Skandinavisk For-
ening 1844, Foreningen Fremad, De Danske
Vaabenbrodre, Sangloreningen Dana, Forenin-

en Dannevirke, Dansk Sociafistic Club and
EVindeforeningen Stella.

=

  
  

TOY PISTOL KILLS § CHILDREN.

 

Boy Fired It Into a Basket Vall ef Giant
Powder Terpedees.

Patapeienia, July 4—Two little Italian
etrls stood in front of a store at 755 South Eighth
street this morning selling torpedoes at & cent
aplece. In front of them stood a crowd of other
children. A colored boy shot a toy pistol loaded
with a blank cartridge into one of the baskete.
There was a terrific explosion. The ttle girls
and the colored boy were blown into the alr and
thirty others were knocked to the pavement, all
badly injured. Fire started, but the flames
were soon quenched.

The two Italian girls, Jennie and Carmelia
Di Jenno, Charles Ferruzzi, Frank Macclo,
Nicholas Bugiasco and three boys not identified
Were killed. They are all under 11 years old.
One other boy is mortally hurt, Isaao Harris,
the colored boy who fired the shot, is in
serious condition.

The Di Jenno children were daughters of Joseph
TM Jenna, in whose house on Schell street an 6x-
plosion occurred three weeke ago, killing J. D!
Jenno and two others and wrecking three dwell-
ings. The police investigated but found that
Di Jenno had been making torpedoes with giant
powder, usingahalf ounce in each. They found
seven kegs of powder, which was conflecated.
Investigation is being made to ascertais who
gave the children the torpedoes.

 

THE FOURTH'S CASUALTY LIST.

More Accidents Thana Usual, bet Few of them
Sertous—One Death.

The list of casualties attendant on the osle-
bration of the glorious Fourth (longer than
usual this year, though perhaps fewer of the
eocidents than usual proved to be serious cass.

Curtosity killed seven-year-old Gustav Roe
marin of 70 Firet etreet. Leaning out of the
second story window to watch a group gathered
about a toy cannon, he lost his balance and fell,
fracturing bie skull on the corner of his father's
soda water stand on the sidewalk below. His
body turned a somersau!t and the feet bruised

the face of Gustav's younger brother, who was
atanding behind the stand.

Henr Ppple of 284 East Houston street had
his skull ractured by a stray bullet while he
was at work in the leather store at 378 East
Houston street. The bullet whizzed between
the heada of two men who were sitting in the
double doorway of the store. Two boys ee
seen running away after theshot. The ball did
not enter Opple’s head and two hours
before he would go to the hospital. Heisina
serious condition in Bellevue.

William Connors went Snto Fourteenth
street saloon and the bartender playfully
»ointed a pistol loaded with blank cartridge at
fim and Bred. The wadding wounded Con-
nors {n the mouth :

Tweive-year-ore William Cox of 840 St. Ann's
avenue set off a toy cannon In the street once
too often againat the protests of a neighbor,
The man grabbed the boy from behind and held
him over the cannon when it exploded. The
charge quieres the boy's left leg below the
knee and he may lose the limb.

Tony Botiscon of 32 First street and Tony
Direnélto of 502 Carroll street, Brooklyn, were
seated ona fence on Carrol street near Third
avenue yesterday afternoon, when they were
both shot, Botiscon in the head and the other
boy in the left side. Botiscon was removed to
the Seney Hospital. Vinenzo Vertero of Presi-
dent street, who was seen running through
Rutler street just after the shooting, was
focked up charged with wounding the two
0)'s.

These were the accident cases reported by
the police before midpighs:

Amato, Charles, 1!, 834 East Twenty-sizth street

face badly burned.
Jarry, ‘shomas, 6090 Greenwich etreet, hand
66 Monroe street,

burned; Batsky, Nee. 4, 66

burned’ about the face; reper. Loula, 54 Weat
Eighth street, pistol! explod in hand; Bowers,
Peter, 763 Greenwich street, fingers burned,
Prinnigan, Thomas, 12, ast)§6 Thirty
second atreet, burned about the face; Brod
sky, Joseph, 41 Monroe street, burned face;
Brodsky, Max, 66 Monroe street. powder burns on
face; Brown, Robert, 345 WestTwenty-fourth street.
finger burned; Brunnquet Philip, & 15! Bast Fourth
street, hands burned; Bungonon!, 14, 484 West
Thirty-second street, hands burned; Burns, Thomas,
14, 320 East Twenty-second street, burned about

ace,
Carboni, Peter 14, 424 East Twenty-fourth street,
burned about the face: Carey, William, 14, 29 Stan-
ton street, hands burned Carsten, Israel 30, 158
Rivington street, burned about the face; Cohen, Alex-
ander, 47 Sixth avenue, eyes burned by powder; Con-
tlose, Peter, 15, 14 First street, shotin the left arm;
‘ox, William, 12, 840 St, Ann's avenue, leg injured
by the ex pionion of atoy cannon; Cralg, James, 16,
627 East Sixteenth atreet, hand hurt by pistol ex-
ploston: Cuppteman, Alexander, Stuyvesant Square,
urned about the face.

Dane, Gilbert, 5 Abingdon square. burns on face;
Diamond, William, 12, 162 Henry street, burned
about the face; Draper, Mary, 8, 116 West Sixty-
third street, bitin the leg by & stray bullet; Dreyer,
Charles, 40 West Eighth street, wounded tn hand by
blank cartridge

Farrell, John, 37, 383 First avenue face burned;Faust
Elof, 16,12) East Ninety-eighth street, burned about
the face; Finck, William, 302 Seventh avenue, shot
in the band; Fitzgerald, James, 46, 320 East Fortieth
street, hands burned: Frank Conrad, 10, 1766 Second
avenue, burned about the face; lrank, Edward, 0,
1004 Prospect avenue, burned about the hands and
face; Freeman, Richard, 24 Christopher street, shot
in the hand; Furlong, William, 33, 2640 Seeond
avenue, burned about the face.

Gallagher, Joho, West FPorty-etghth street, hand
burned; Glynn, Theodore, 9. 416 Bast Eighty-sizth
street, hands and face burned; Gordon, Robert, 610
West Seventeenth street, powder burns on face; Gor-
man, Joseph, 14, 406 East Seventeenth street, hands
burned; Graham, Thomas, 14, 670 Fast 180th street,
burned about the face.

Hooper, Yetta, 205 West Thirtieth street, powder
burns In eyes.

Kerwin, Reste 65,1475 Second avenue, eye burned
by frecrackrs: Keys, Walter, 37 Charies street,
burned about the face

Lasalie, Joseph, 285 Mulberry street, burned about
the face; Lipscharsky Kalman, 18, 108 Henry street,
received the contents of a blawk cartridge in his rigbt
eye; Lombardi, James, 14,822 East nty-second
street, hands burned.

McGinnis, William, 06 Bank street, hands burned;
McKee, Raymond, 143 West Siateenth street, fingers
burned; Maiscb, Charles, 11,51! East Eighty first
street, shot himself in the calf; Molinari, Charles,
4, 115 Sullivan street, shot in left thigh; Mon-
sell, Robert, 172 West Tenth street, powder burns in
fact; Murphy. William T., 10 Carmine street, shot in
toe and right foot,

Nice, Thomas, 73 Avenue O, finger blown off; Nim-
hius, Harry, 14, 651 Fast Fifteenth street, eye
urned; Opple, Henry, 284 East Houston street, skull

fractured by siray shot; Platt, Tony, 13, 305 East
Twenty fourth street, hands burned; Rafferty, Ed
ward, 16. 341 East Twenty second street, burned
about the face; Ray, George, 5 Morton street, snot in
the forearm; Rice, Thomas, 25, 75 Avenue A, bands
burned, Rosmarin, Gustav, 7, 70 First avenue, killed
by falling from the second story window.

Sanders, John, 14, 847 Second avenue, burned
about the face; Scalz, Nicholas, §, 320 East Twenty-
fifth street, burned about the face; Seymour, Arthur,
63 Sixth avenue, wounded tn hand by a blank car-
tridge Shay, Fred, 11. West Houston street, hand
burned; Smith, Edward, 16, 253 Fast Tenth street,
burned about the face and hands; 8nyder, Henry, 9,
2056 Second avenue, right eye destroyed by firecracker;
Stahl. Frederick, 15, 314 East Twenty-second street,
eyes burned by powder; Strotz, Jacob, 17, 354 East
‘Tenth strret, burned about the face; eypemit, Julius,
6208 Kast Thirteenth street, pistol shot in hand,

Turner, George, 12, 500 First avenue, hands
burned. 4

Whalen, Michael, 10, 486 Tenth avenue, burned
about the face; White, Henry, 18, 380 Fast Twenty
fifth street, nands burned.

 

NAVAL SHOW IN NEWPORT HARBOR.
After a Land Parade the Warships at Night
Made the Water Beautifal.

Newport, R. I., July 4.—Newport had the
greatest Fourth of July celebration in its hia-
tory, thanks to the sailormen from the North
Atlantic squadron, and people for miles around
came here to see the show. It was a beautiful
day and the city was in holiday attire, nearly
every building in the business section being
covered with flags and bunting. The cele-
bration began at sunrise, when the ships dreased
rainbow fashion. At noon each vessel fired
a national salute of twenty-one guns. In the
afternoon 1,500 men joined the local militia
in a land parade. Capt. F. W. Dickens of the
Indiana had command of theline, which, be-
sides the marines, sailora from the ships and
naval apprentices, contained the Newport
artillery company, the Khode Island Naval
Reserve and the Robert Emmett Guards. It
was a hot day and stops were made along the
route for women to distribute lemonade. 3

In the evening the city parks were illuminated
and four bands of music played until a late
hour. In the harbor the searchlighta from
the warships and yachts made a handsome pic-
ture. The warships were illuminated for the
occasion. The Sagenip New York had her
ridge ropes and masts hung with lighte anda
red, white and blue shield in front of the chart
house. The Massachusetts and Texas had their
masts and turrets outlined; the Indiana dis-
played a liberty. bell and the Kearsage her
name in lights. The harbor was crowded with
excursion boats,

 

Celebration Dangerous to the Neighbors,

Baker Peter A. Young of 299 Tenth avenue
celebrated by firing an old shotgun in the
street. His nelghbors complained to the police

that he would kill some one soon as the gun
was londed with buckshot. Policeman Wes-
tervelt ordered Young tostop, and when he re
fused arrested him

British Ships Honor the Day.
There was a remarkable display of flags on
the Brooklyn side of the East River yesterday.

From Fulton ferry to Red Hook, the British
ships moored atthe Brooklyn piers had dreased
ship in honor of the day. Folk along shore

agreed thar it was the first time the decorstion
on the Fourth had been so general there. .

A AAS

 

OURDAY OBSERVED ABROAD

BX-SENATORCANNON'S DISLOYAL NOTE
AT THE LONDON CELEBRATION.

His “Little American'’ Ideas Reosived is
Silence, While Senater Depew's Greater
Destiny Speech Is Cheered—Briliiant Gath-
eriog at American Soctety’s Banquet.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tuy SUN.

Lonpon, July ¢.—There waa only one discor-
dant note at the Fourth of July banquet given
to-night by the American Society tn Iondon. It
was sounded by ex-United States Congressman
Cannon of Utah in reply toa stalwart speech by
Senator Depew, and it was received in absolute
silence by the 400 Americans present.

The gathering was a brilliant one. Mr. F. C.
Van Duzer presided. Among the gueste were
Lord Wolseley, the Earl of Jersey, Lord George
Hamilton, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman,
Ambassador Choate, Roger Woloott, Josiah
Quincy, Samuel L. Clemens ("Mark Twain")
and Marshall Field.

Lord Wolseley proposed the health of Presi-
dent MoKinley, saying it wee his fondest dream
that the United States and Great Britain would
not only secure peace for themselves, but would
insist upon it for all the world as well.

Ambassador Choate, in hie reply, carefully
avoided any reference to the orisis of the hour.
He argued that Independence Day was no
Jonger a national, but had beoome an
Anglo-American festival. America’s quarrel,
he sald, was never with the great body of the
British people. Providence had cast upon
these two nations vast responsibility, notonly
for their own welfare, but for the welfare of all
mankind.

Senator Depew, stil) filled with the enthudiasm
of the Philadelphia Convention, sounded a
trumpet blast on American destiny. He pro
claimed that the United States were no longer
a hermit nation, as they were prepared to dem-
onstrate. A great orisis, he added, was con-
fronting the civilized Powers. No Power wants
to conquer China; none wants to partition
China, but all were prepared to establish a Gov-
ernment of law in that benighted and fanatical
land, and America would not shirk her share of
the responsibility.

Ex-Senator Cannon, who followed Mr. Depew,
said he thanked God for the provinctalism of
Washington and Lincoln in advocating Ameri-
oan abstention from the affairs of the outside
world. Mr. Cannon's “Little American" ideas
were forcifully expressed, but were received
with absolute silence, whereas Mr. Depew's
speech was cheered to the echo.

The other speakers were Lord George Hamil-
ton, the Earl of Jersey and Messrs. Wolcott,
Quincy and Clemens.

 

 

AMERICAN DAY IN PARIS.

French Join Enthustastically in Our Celebra.
tion—Lafayette Statue Unveiled.

Special Cate Despatch to THR SUN,

Panis, July 4.—Never was the Fourth of July
more enthusiastically celebrated in Paris than
it was to-day, not alone by the Americans, but
by the French. It ts no exaggeration
to say that to-day the two coun-
tries appeared to be only one nation.
Everywhere the Amertoan and French
flags were entwined, the former probably pre-
dominating. It certainly occupied the highest
point, fora gigantic flag of Stara and Stripes
floated from the Eiffel Tower. A great number
of Frenchmen wore the flag in their button-
holes and street venders did a brisk trade
selling the American emblem.

The unveiling of the Lafayette statue to-day,
following that of the Washington statue yester-
day, raised French feelings to the highest pitch.
The speeches, furthermore, eapecially those of
Ambassador Porter and Archbishop Ireland,
spoken in French, breathed such a sympathetic
apirit that Franoe feels repaid for her share in
seouring American independence.

Throughout the day not a jarring note was
heard. Festivity suoceeded festivity. Aix
thousand persons gathered around the Lafay-
ette statue. Throughout the day the American
seotions of the Exhibition were overcrowded. A
reception given by Ambassador Porter was at-
tended by the rank and beauty of Paris. The
Chamber of Commerce banquet was a huge
success, A speech delivered by M. Millerand,
Minlater of Commerce, was in the happlest
vein.

The day closed with street rejoicings fn front
of the Opera House, where Sousa's band, beneath
a vest yellow and white canopy adorned with
French and American flags, played its best
selections. The crowd was eo dense that traffic
was almost impossible. A graceful act was
performed by some Amertoans, who placed a
beautiful wreath before the portralt of Col.
Villebois Mareull in the Transvaal section of
the Exhibition with the inscription: “To the
Transvaal Lafayette.”’

The statue of Lafayette presented to France
by American children was unveiled amid bright
surroundings. The Place du Carroussel and
the Palaiadu Louvre will hereafter be known
to Americans as lafayette Square.

Around the plaster model large stands had
been erected. These were decorated with
French and American flags and there were
graduated tiers of seata which were oooupied
by persons prominent in French and American
society.

When President Loubet arrived Sousa’s
band played the “Marseillaise.” Gen. Horace
Porter, the American Ambassador to Franos,
received the President and conducted him to
the seat of honor. Around the President sat
M. Deschanel, President of the Chamber of
Deputies, M. Fallieres, President of the Senate,
Minister of Foreign Affairs Delcasaé, Minister
of Commerce Millerand and other members
of the Cabinet. The Papal Nuncio and many
members of the Diplomatic Corps were present.

Gen. Porter addressed the audience in both
French and English. Commissioner-General
Peck read his speech. Than President Loubet
accepted the atatue in the name of France.
After this two boys withdrew the Stars and
Stripes covering the statue. Secretary Thomp-
son then apoke and was followed by Mrs. Can-
ning, who read a long speech which could not
be heard at any distance. Miss Voas read the
dedicatory poem, but by this time the audience
had become weary and many persons left
during the recitation and prior to Archbishop
Ireland's magnificent dedication address, which
unfortunately was left for the last number
on the programme.

On the outside of the crowd a large number
of Americans who were disappointed at not
being able to get closer to witness the pro-
ceedings, cheered themselves hoarse and sang
American national airs. This somewhat marred
the proceedings, as {t prevented even people
who were near the rostrum hearing the speakers.

President Loubét in accepting the statue
spoke as follows; “This magnificent mon-
ument consecrates the secular friendship and
union of two great nations. The United States
Government and Congress associate them
selves in the ceremony, but the Initiative of
this festival belongs to the school children
who have been brought up In the noble ex-
amples of history and traditions. I am happy
to join in the thanks sent to the American
people by the Chambers, and I now thank them
{n the name of France.

“The spectacle of two republics filled at
this moment with the same emotion, and ani-
mated by the same thoughts is a lesson aa well
na a festival. It demonstrates that among
nations as among individuals the calculations
of egoism are often more contrary to their
interest than the generous movementa of the
heart.

“When Lafayette crossed the ocean to ald
a distant people to secure their independence
{t was not a plaything to herole folly, but served
a deep political design. It went far to found
the friendship of the two nations, based
on the worship of fatherland and liberty. That
friendship, born amid the brotherhood of arma,
has developed and increased through the cen-
tury that is just about closing. Succeeding
generations will not permit it to weaken, but
will seek to increase the friendly relations
between the Atlantic shores, which will thus
remain a precious safeguard of the world’s
| peace and human progress.”

 

a
SG

SUN, THURS

DAY, JULY

CHOATE'S RECEPTION.

Sf ©ee

         

 

AMBASSADOR

Duchess of Mariborough, Countess Colonna
and Many Other Americans Present.
S peciat Cadie Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpom, July 4.—Over one thousand persons
attended Ambassador Choate’s reception to-
day. Among others present were members of
the American Soolety of Civil Engineers, the
American athletes, the American attendants on
the hospital ship Maine, the Princess Colonna
(formerly Miss Mackay), the Duchess of Marl-
borough (formerly Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt),
Lord Russell of Killowen, Lord Strathoons
and Mount Royal, the Earl of Jersey, Mr. 8am-
uel L. Clemens (Mark Twain”) and many per-
eons prominent in social and diplomatic circles
in England and the United States.

 

 

CELEBRATION AT CARACAS.

Minister Loomis Gives a Reception and Ball at
the Legation.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Caracas, Venesuels, July4—The Fourth of
July was celebrated by the American residents
here with much enthusiasm. Mr. Loomis, the
United States Minister, gave a reception and
ball at the Legation. President Castro and the
members of the Cabinet attended. The Presi-
dent proposed the health of President MoKin-

ley, to which Mr. Loomis made response.

 

HARD FOURTH FOR THE FIREMEN.

Fireworks and Benfres Made Treable fer
Them All Over the City.

Between midnight on Tuesday and midnight
last night the firemen answered forty-six
alarms, in Manhattan and The Bronx. Nine out
of every ten of the fires were caused by the
festive firecracker setting awnings or ourtains
ablaze. Two third alarms were sent in, One
was for a fire in the American Brewery at 168th
street and Third avenue. It was not due to
Greworks. The damage was $38,000.

The second three-alarm call was sent out just
after 11 o'clock last night for a fire which
wrecked the livery stable of 8. H. Bieler at 166
East 128d street, The fire started in a wagon
on the ground floor, probably from a fire-
cracker, and spread so rapidly that the etable-
man who discovered {t wus cut off, and by the
time he was rescued was almost overcome by
the smoke. Sixteen horses were burned to
death on the second floor of the stables before
the firemen could get to them. Fireman Griffiths
of Engine 85 was overcome by the smoke and
was taken to Harlem Hospital. The damage
will reach $10,000,

One of the queerest of the fires due to the
celebration nearly burned up a truck which was
carrying @ load of furniture through Madison
avenue. The truck belonged to Frank Rossin
of 268 Grand street. A small boy threw a fire-
cracker into the pile on the truck, and the fire
engines had to be summoned to put out the
blaze that resulted. The furniture wasn't
worth much afterward,

A curtain blowing into a gas jet did $600 dam-
age last night in the apartments of Anthony G,
Hendricks, on the third floor of 142 West Elev-
enth street. On Monday the apartments of
Peter Schroeder, on the fourth floor, were
burned out and Mrs. Schroeder and her daugh-
ter were rescued by firemen with difficulty.

A lighted cigar shown out of a window of the
Sturtevant House last night set fire to an
awning on the Broadway «ide. Before any
of the hotel's patrons knew what had
happened a porter had extinguished the flames
with a pail of water. But the firemen of three
engine companied who were at a fire at 118

West Twenty-six street, where a boy had
thrown a ‘acker into a barrel of oakum
neath a stoop, heard that the hotel was a
and had a race there for nothing.

The following is a list of the day’s fires:

A, M.--12:01, awning destroyed at Smith, Gray &
Co.'s, 1248 Broadway; 1:27, lamp explosion in Abra-
ham Goldberg's oem Ire East Twenty seventh
street; 2:40, fireworks blazein Joseph Bar eath's
rooms, 226 East Twenty-ninth street, slight damage;
4:50, 168th street and Third avenue, Ameri-

 

can Brewing Oompany, damage 643,000;
8:45, alight fire in Rafacllo Torele’s a ent, 306
East 113th street; 9:30, Abraham Gisenberg's pioture

store at 102 Allen street, slightly damaged; 0:45,
stationery store of William Ryan, 1909 Second ave-
nue, domere 20; 10:20, awnlng burned at 219 Ave-
nue A.; 11:55, 967 Park avenne, occupied by A.
Frank, slight damage.

P, M.—12:05, awntag burned at 424 Willis avenue;

12:20, furniture truck at 112th street and Madison
avenue, damage $45; 1:10, awning destroyed at 13801
Amsterdam avenue; 1:20, slight damage at 306 Bast
1084 street; 1:45, silg@ht damage to Vogel Bros store
at 20 Avenue A; 3.05 Jacob Rosenberg's rooms
at 134 Monroe street, damaged $15; 445, 231 Eaat
Fourth street, Tillie Goldberg, occupant, damage tri-
fling; 5:20, 121 Essex street wifllng damage; 5:35, 102
East 111th street, William Cart,occupant,damage, $10;
6.50, 24 Mulberry street, trifling damage; 6:10, 328
Faat Ninety third atreet, William Herbert, occupant,
damage $300; 7:50, 3 Allen street, Harris Rispkin,
occupant, slight damage; 4:90, 162 West Eleventh
sireet, Anthony Hendricks, oceupant, damage, $500;
8:05,114 Sheriff street, slight datiage to Morris ‘able-
stuf's rooms; 8:15, 245 East 1024 street, Mar
Craft, occupant, damage, $10; 4:30, 2 West 1168
etreet, George Egan, occupant, slight damage; 8:36,
446 West Forty fifth street, E. Ashley, ocoupan
damage, $50; 4:40, 781 East 144th street, Michae
Ketchner, tenant, damage, $400; 4:50, 68 Mangin
street, Abraham Soloman, tenant, trifling damage;
4:55. 327 East Fifty second street, Michael Martin,
damage, $500; 4:55, 1909 Lexington avenue, Dennis
Jameson, trifling damage; 4:58, 309 East Nineteenth
street, Ellas Larnt, occupant, siightdamage: 9:00,
176 Forsyth street, 1. Litrato, tenant, “a damage;
0:05, 127 West Twenty seventh atreet, slight dama
9:06, 260 West Thirty sixth street, slight dama
9:10, awning at 2306 Broadway, destroyed; ott,
Cottage avenue and Guerling ree, Abraham Wells,
tenant, damage $100; 9:25, 123 Varick street, Kate
Fox, occupant, dam a $50; 0:30, 160 West Thirty-
sixth street, damage slight; 9:10,117 Third avenue,
damage slight; 9:15, 211 Fast Sixty-second street.
Gamage siight; 9:20, 110 Fast Tenth street, Matthew
Calahan, occupant, damage $26; 10:10, 682
Third avenue, Henry Studer, Gamege $800;
19:30, 285 Fast 194th street, damage siight;
63 South Washington square, Richard Kaspa.
Gamage $1,500; 10:45, 118 est Twenty-sixth
street, damage slight; 10:45, 1146 Broadway,
awning atthe Sturtevant House; 11:10, 613 Colum-
bus avenue, damage slight.

FIRECRACKER CAUSES TWO DRATHS.

   

 

Falls Into a Lot of Torpedoes and Blows a
Bootblack’s Store to Pieces.

Paterson, N. J., July 4.—Tony Rose had 800
handmade torpedoes in his bootblack shanty at
284 Main avenue, ready to celebrate the Fourth.
The torpedoes are made of dynamite, saltpetre
and sawdust, and a sing one is dangerous,
Two small boys threw a firecracker into the
store late last night. It landed in the open box
and among the torpedoes. Instantly there was
a terrific explosion. The store was reduced to
kindling wood. The furniture was thrown
across the street and the half a dozen persons
who were in the store were hurled in as many
directions.

Part of Rose's face wae blown off. He w
taken to St. Mary's Hospital, where pe @
Caunno Mucei of Ey re street wae horribly
mutilated. He was dead when picked :
Joseph Melieno of 70 Chestnut atreet had te
skull fractured. He ts lying at the General
Hospital ands not expected to recover. John
McDonald of Passaic street was blown across
the street, but was not mortally hurt. He is at
St. Mary’s Hospital.

Argentines Help Celebrate the Fourth.

Dr. Wilde, the Argentine Minister to the
Tnited States, Commandante Betbeder and the
officers of the Argentine training ship Preal-
dente Sarmiento were entertained at dinner by
Charles R, Flintat the Ardsley Club, Ardsley-
on-the-Hudson, last evening. Among the

uesta were Gen. Samuel Thomas, Mr. Cuestas,
fi. Minivter of Uruguay to the United States
and son of the President of that republic,
William I. Buchanan, ex- United States Minister
to the Argentine Republic; Carlos Rohl, Argen-
tine Consul-General: Charles 8. Fairchlid, ex-
Secretary of the Treasury; Gen. Griffin of Weat
Point, Gen. Benjamin racy, ex-Secretar
of the Navy; Charles R. Miller of the New Yor
Times and Thomae 8. Hopkins of Washington
The training ship, after firing the ational

lute at Grant's tomb, greamed upt udson

iver and anchored off Ardsley, where the
officers received on board the members of the
Ardsley Club

Loses Eye and Fingers by an Explosion.

Onanog, N. J., July 4.--Adam Apfel, 60 years
old, who lives in Whittlesey avenue, West
Orange, was examining an old pistol prepara-
tory to cleaning it for use in celebrating to-day,
when somehow the pistol, which waa loaded
with blank car Pidge, was discharged into his
right eye, tearing the eye loose from ite socket
and maiming two fingers on his right hand. Ae
was taken to the Orange Memorial Hospital
where the eye was entirely removed and part o
the injured hand amputated. He is suffering
from shock, but the doctors do not anticipate a
fatal result

 

Newark Girl Burned to Death.

Frances Zeller, 11 years old, died at her home
in Charlton street, Newark, yesterday morning
of burns received on Tuesday night. While ait-
ting on the stoop a boy threw a lighted package
of firecrackers at her feet. Her thin dress
caught fire and she was terribly burned before
anybody could put out the flames

    

  

1900. ah
HOT, BUTGLORIOUS FOURTH.

LOTS OF NOISE AND PATRIOTISM, AND
FEW BAD MISHAPS.

 

The Day Began as Usual With the Fiag-Rals-
ing Ceremony at the Battery—Then Most
of Those Who Could Leave Town Did to
Enjoy Themselves in Sports and Pastimes.

Patriotio citizens faced, undismayed, ¥¢s-
terday’s blistering heat and carried out th

Various exercises which have come to be as

Tegular and integral a part of Independence

Day as the nerve-shattering Chinese firecracker

or the cemetery-supplying toy pistol. ‘The

earliest formal proceedings were those at

Battery Park at sunrise, when the Battery

flag was roisedby an employee of the Park

Department under the direction of the Vet-

eran Corps of Artillery, Millitary Society of

the War of 1812. The flag there was originally
raised by one Van Arsdale, and his descend-
ante have raised it since until two years ago,
when they were ousted by, District Attorney

Gardiner. Two of the descendants were pres-

ent yesterday, but not officially, and they sat

an @ bench outside of the police lines and said

  
   

harsh things, while a brother of the District
Attorney du th .

At the "75 iT Central Park the
g held ex:

ing t,
inolu an occas finger, eye or other
useful member. T eatroyers of peace got
kk promptly at midnight, kept going for
an hour or #0 just to show that they popre-
“one the val of the eagerly awaited date,

then went to bed and got eome four hours
leep, beginning their din again at an unearthly
four of the morning and scaring the solitu-
very horse into such a frenzy

that much of ¢ arrived

thunders cal recess. The small
mormous

a
stores that deal in fireworks report
catridge Sout of te Wad whey Peavey
. 0 ind w ently
and fa’ doesn’t know it’s | ed, seemed
to have renewed an undeserved popularity
d to be more prevalent than for several years.
peruse kindly gore exbibitic
eprinting n various parts of the city. Al
together it was a most satisfactory day for the
vor the, nates there cape
‘or were many
from the ity proves ; oursions to edian-
ing spota of interest, and some that are not
oining, took big crowds away, while every
steam craft big enough to carry anything
ore than ita tempted the perils of the
oer with a | that packed it to the guards.
hospitals and police and fire records show
the usual list of those who unselfishly sacri-
emselves or their goods, in whole or in
part, to the spirit of patriotism.

 

HURLED AGAINST A TRAIN.

Three Women Badly Hurt in a Runeway

Accident Away Uptown.

” Three women and a boy in a buggy, the horse
of which was running away, collided with a
freight train on the New York, New Haven
and Aaartford road yesterday afternoon
at Westchester avenue and Bronx River
Bridge. All three of the women were
injured. The boy escaped by jumping.
The injured are Mrs. Rose Goldrick,
67 years old, of 1261 Stebbins avenue, compound
fracture of the left leg and internal injuries;
Mrs. James McAlveny of 160th atreet and Steb-
bins avenue, contusions of the body, and Elsie
Kelly, 19 years old, nurse gtrl for Mrs. Goldrick,
fracture of the skull, fracture of the left leg and

Sa ternal injuries, Mrs. Goldrick and the Kelly
girl were taken to Fordham Hospital, where {t
was said that the girl waa mortally hurt.

Mrs. McAiveny wa: driving. There is a steep
hill leading to the railroad track at Westchester
avenue, and just as they reached the top of the
hill a passenger train dashed by on the rallroad

track. The horse was frightened and
began to prance about. Mrs. McAlveny
said last night that she would have

controlled the animal had not a freight train
come one just then, This second train was
too much for the horse, and he started down
the hill with the bit between his teeth. At the
bottom of the hill there waa a long timber
safety gate, butit was three feet short of cross-
ing the road, and the horse made for this gap.

e boy in the buggy saw that there was go-
ing to be a amash-up and he jumped out ad the
rear endof the bnegy, sustaining only a few
minor bruises.

The horse man to pass through the three-
foot gap, only ewerving when about to run full
tilt into the train. This slewed the buggy
around agginat the train, throwine the women
out. The horse Grageed the wagon untll he
reached amareh a short distance away, where
the deep mud brought him to a standstill. A
broken wheel was ail the damage that the

 

buggy sustained. The horse was aimost
unhurt.
PATAL FIRE IN BROOKLYN.

Man ané Wife Killed ™ a Sands Street Blase
-—Gon Couldn't Save Them.

John Lawlor and his wife were killed shortly
after 6 o'clock yesterday morning in a fire in
the three-story and basement brick house at
85 Sands street, Brooklyn. They lived on the
top floor with their son James, 11 years old,
Mies Elizabeth Wilson, 60 years old, a
aister of Mrs. Lawlor, and Norman C,
Ferguson, a boarder. John Lawior, another
aon who served on the battleship Texas
during the Spanish war and is now on
the toi lo boat Cushing, was at home on
leave of absence and made herolo efforts to
reacue his passa.

6 fire was discovered by Policeman Shad-
wiok of the Bridge squad. The one pe
anys, seemed to pour suddenly from all the
front windows of the house. Before sending in
an alarm he burst open the front door, an
rushing upetaira raised a loud outcry an
pounded with his club on the doors and stair-
way. There were no pe one in the basemen
or on the first floor. em J. Fairhurst an
hia family. who occupied the
escaped unhurt with the

rsons who had rushed
Lawlor and his wife were locked in the front
room on the third floor and were probably
stupefied fby the smoke, which had worked
through the partitions, for nothing was
seen or heard of them during the

rogress of the fire, heir son, John

wior, poende on the door of the

room, and getting no response threw himself

ainst itand smashed it in. He was forced

ok, however, by the amoks, and going to the
rear rooms hurried his brother James and hia
aged aunt out of a rear window to an exten-
sion which reached almost to a level of the
second floor. When the flames were extin-
guished Mrs. Lawlor was found dead olose to
the window and her husband in the hallway,
just outside the door. The cause of the fire
could not be ascertained. -

second floor, all
eatatence of some
n from the street.

 

THIEF THREW HIM OVER A CLIFF.

A Glen Ellyn, Ml., Man's Desperate Encounter
With an Italian Footpad.

Outcaco, July 4.--Thomas Kruger of Glen
Ellyn was shot three times in the head, severely
cut across the forehead, had three fingers sey-
ered from his right hand and was stabbed In the
body in a fight with an Italian who sought to
rob him thia afternoon, He was on his way
home from the gravel pits, where he is foreman.
When he finally fell Insensible his assailant
pitched him over a cliff into an abandoned
quarry 150 feet below. He lay there about an
hour when he regained consciousness and man-
aged to get to his house, a quarter of a mile
away. He lies there dying.

Joseph Provinconi, now {n the county Jail at
Wheaton, has been identified by Kruger as his
assailant.

 

Live Wire Killed Him.

Anthony McLellan, aged 48 yearn, a ship car-
penter, of Mariner's Harbor, Staten Island, was
killed youterSas afternoon by a live wire. The
wind storm had blown the wire down so that it
lay across the sidewalk. MeLellan picked it up
and attempted to throw itinto the street. Ais
hand touched aspot where the insulation had
worn off and he received a shock which killed
him instantly -

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN. fas

Lawrence Undermer, 53 years old, a car

mter, died
et 34 Vinceni’s Hospital last night from the heat

ee ae

 
  

   

POLITICAL NOTES.

‘Two claims were filed with Comptroller Coler on the
came day, one for $01 by the Long Isand Farmer
for printing, and the other by John Davis for $2,700
for services as an expert witness in the Bleventh Ward
Park proceedings.

The Mayor of Richmond, Va, has been elected for
afourth term Heise Democrat The vote of Rich-
mond in 1806 was: Bryan, 7,830; MeKimley, 1,160.
No other city in the country was so strongly Demo-
craic

Included in the last issue of New York city bonds
are $250,000 for the new Hall of Records, $85,000 for
Gouverneur Hospital and 91,000,000 for the MeDon-
ald tunnel.

The two candidates for electors-atlerge Om the
Bryan ticket in Obio are Generala. The candidate at
the head of the Democratio State ticket is anewspaper
editor.

The Twenty-seventh Senatorial district, in which
E. Watson Gardiner is torun against the venerable
Hobart Krum as an independent Republican, is made
up of Schoharie and Hamilton counties, Democratic,
end Fulton and Montgomery counties, Republican.
Senator Krum earried ft by 8,100 in 1808. He ts 67
years of age and @ native as well asa resident of
Sedobarie county.

Maryland and Kentecky elected Republican Gov-
ernore in 1696, the year preceding the last Prest-
ential election. Baltimore, the ohief city of Mary-
land, had a Repubdliean Mayor'ln 1606, and the ad-
ministration of State and local afaire was in Repub-
Heanhands. This year there are a Demooratio Gov-
ernor in Maryland and a Democratic Mayor of
Baltimore, and the State and local administration te
fn Demoeratic hands. Kentucky has a Democratic
Governor, in fact, if not by right, and the control of
the chief departments in that State te tn Democratic
hands.

Primitive rules as to vote enmvessing ere observed
tn some Southern States. At & recent General cleo
tion tn Georgia there were no returns from one of the
counties in consequence of a Gre tn the court house,
#0 the vote in the county was ignored. At the recent
@ection in Virginia one of the counties was omitted
from the canvases owing to the fact that some of the
local officials had neglected to open some of the poll-
ing booths in t because election day was reiny.

The fines collected from those convicted of practis.
ing medicine without a diploma go to the County
Medical Society; the finesfor violation of the Phar-
macy law €0 to the New York College of Pharmacy
and the Brooklyn College of Pharmacy tn the propor-
tion of three-fifths to the former and two-fifths to the
latter; the fines collected from those convicted of
cruelty to antmalsto goto the Soolety for the Pre-
vention of Cruelty Antmals, and the fines, few in
number, for the {legal practice of dentistry go to the
Dental Soolety. These fines are firet paid into the city
treasury, and are withdrawn from it on warrants in
favor of the societies named.

A @irring State canvass has opened in West Vir-
Cinla, one feature of which ts described as “the
stratned conditions between the hog and the anti-ring
combines” in Kanawha. Roman Pickens, a defeated
candidate for Sheriff, has filed a protest, and a fac-
tional dispute is threatened in Kanawha, whioh tn-
cludes the efty of Chafleston and which caste 12,000
votes. MN gave MoKinley 2,000 majority tn 1496.
Onlo county, which inadludee the city of Wheeling,
also cast 12,000 votes, It Gave McKinley, four years
ago, a majority of 1,700. West Virginia cast 200,000
votes In the last Presidential election, as against
294,000 in Virginia. West Virginia has been gain-
ing very rapidly in population during the past few
years, and the conditions of suffrage in 1% are favor
able to a free exercise of the franchise, Only sixty
days' residence in a county and one year in the State
{a required for suffrage in West Virginie.

 

 

The Probibditionists of Nilinels nominated as their
candidate for Governor a man whose peculiar name {fs
ikely to cause him to be well remembered during the
canvasa, which will culminate in the election of one
of the other nominees. It ts: Visacher Vere Barnea
He Is a resident of the town of Lake Bluff.

The devotion of the Maryland Democrats to the
gold standard ia 4 matter of considerable uncertainty.
At the Democratic State Convention in June, 1696, at
Baltimore, to elect delegates, the gold men predom!
nated by a vote of 47 to 20, but nevertheless the party
indorsed Bryan in the contest next succeeding, and
at the last State election for Governor au reference to
the financial question was made

—_——-

The Independent Democrats of the Fifth Assembly
district, who have maintained a separate organisa-
tion since 1895, have organized for this year’s con-
teat. The successful Repudlican eandidate for As-
sembly in the Fifth district last year was chosen by
4 majority of forty-one votes, and the Democratic Al-
derman was elected on the same ticket. On Sheriff
the vote of the district was as follows: Repwbitean,
8,143; Tammany, 8,081.

 

 

The Popultets of Alabama, tn which State there will
be an election in August, bave nominated for Gow
ernor a candidate who is a Probate Judge and «a
clergyman aswell, There are five tickets in the field
in Alabama this year, two Republican tickets. the
Democratic ticket, the Prohibition tleket and the
ticket nominated by the Populist party, which polled
for Bryan and Watson 24,000 votes in the election of
four years ago to 107,000 for Bryan and Sewall
54,000 for McKinley end 6.400 for the Gold Demo-
cratic ticket.

In date of admission Oregon ieone of the oldest
States beyond the Missiseippl, entering the Union tn
1850, It wasthe firat pew State to have the political
honor of naming the View-Presidentlal candidate for
one of the Great parties in the first year of ite State:
hood. ‘

So confident are the Reputiicans of the Thirty-frst
Assembly district, which, with the Twenty-first and
Twenty-third, makes up the Nineteenth Senatorial
diatrict, that they will have the selection of a Sena-
torial candidate, that they have already in‘ the feld
four candidates for the Assembly nomination tn place
of Samuel S. Slater, who they expect will be nom!-
nated for Senator. The Nineteesth djetrict was rep-
resented in the last Legislature by John Ford, who
bad 1,000 mafority over Murray, the Democratic
candidate in the year Theodore Roosevelt ran for
Governor.

Four so-called labortews were passed bythe last
New York Legislature. Ong restrivts the beurs of
work of drug clerks in Ne@ York city to seventy a
week; one requtres the provision of seats for wait-
reases in hotels and restaurants (es has Deretofore
been the requirement for employers of women end
girls in factories); one amends the eight-hour law
by excepting from its provisions engineers and ele-
vator men in the Capitol during the session of Nhe
Legislature, and one amends the law respecting the
Neensing of engineers.

The Democratic fight on Congressmen will be mawe
ehiefly in Indiana and Il\inote, where Republican dis-
affection is counted on, and in Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa and Minnesota, where the Republicans have
solid party delegations. The Republicans will make
thetr chief Nght for gains im New York, the first siz-
teen districts of which are represented by Democrats;
in Missourt, Kentucky and Nebraska, which has only
two Republican members in Congress, from the
Omaha and Lincoln districta

When William McKinley was first a candidate for
Governor of Ohlo he was elected by a majority of
21,000, His administration was very unsatisfactory
to the Democrats who had voted against Aim, and at
their State Convention of August, 1603, they oon-
demned ‘the unbusiness-like administration of State
affairs under Gov. McKinley,” and deplored ‘the om-
cial scandals and defaications under it,"' reiterating
at the same time ‘'thelr abiding faith in the Integrity,
patriotism and exalted courage of Grover Cleveland."
Gov. McKinley waa the Republican candidate for re-
election. His majority was 80,000,

The Tammany Democrats who are members of the
Hopper Committee in the Thirty-fret diatwict have
been unable to have much done for them in the way
of party patronage, but thelr leader has not been en-
frely neglectful of their interests socially. In addi-
fon toalarge hall for meetings in 125th street, he
has established 4 billiard room, reading room and
smoking room, in which, as one of the Tammany
eaders explains, ‘‘the members can be constantly in
ouch with each other."

One of the most curious polltical situations observa
ble anywhere in the country Isinthe State of North
Carolina. This strongly Democratic State, which the
Republicans have not carried ina national election
since 1872, has two United States Senators, onoa
Republican and one a Populist; a Republican Statead-
ministration with a Republicag Governor at its head,
anda State Supreme Court.a majority of the members of
whichare Republican. These abnormal conditions are
due to the fact that the Populist party ts still strong
in North Carolina; that its strength has been drawn
almost exclusively from the white voters of the State,
and that in combination with the Republicans {t has
put the Democrats in & minority, Senator Marion
Butler's term expires neat year and he and the other
Populists are seeking to enforce a duplex alliance—
with the Democrats on Presidency and with the Repub-

 

 

 
  

COOLING JULY TEMPEST,

SIXTY MILES AN HOUR THAT DUST
WIND BLEW FROM THE WEST.

 

 

Down Went the Tomperature From 02 to 02
im Fifteen Minates, With a Alashing Raia
That Washed Off the Dust-Gale Was Over
im Five Minates—July 4, 1808, Just as Met.

Between a morning and an afternoon of
sweltering heat the city got an hour of respite

Yesterday, thanks to a thunder storm

Swept over the city from New Jersey, D

ing Manhattan Island full of dust frst

then washing off the dust with a driving shower

of oool rain. From the signal of the first are-
cracker of dawn the sun had started in to get

Ub @regular Fourth of July condition of

and was ably seconded by the humidity. At

8 o'clock in the morning the temperature was

78 and the humidity 85. That preeaged &

scorcher and by noon the prophecy was

filled. The heat then was hovering around the

0 mark by the official thermometer and on the

street it was several degrees over. By 1:80

the perspiring official mercury had climbed

to01. This is within one degree of the hottest
record for the Fourth, an eminence held by
the year 1870. Two years ago the heat was

@s great as yesterday's.

While people were gasping and fanning
themselves into a boiling perspiration and

running for open cars where they could

a current of air there pons, 2 e
tern @ blessed, black bank of cloud.
her her it rose until most of

¢ of day was shut off and those who work

ulldings on national holidays when
y ought to be out catc and sun-
b baoke of their necks had to turn

re
with a whoop from the west and with {¢
such parts of the State of New Jersey

on in order to do business. Lit-

ape wae eta a ae
Seclimincry’ "Ths teal wind

came

came

ree t anchored gown. It was a stifling,
king, engepe- u . garment-pene
trating sort o dust « and it caked over the stage

respectable Led spend in spots ne blotches so th
ns e the appearance o

half bleached albinos. If there were pra

for rain ore they were doubled by ¢
plague of Jersey dust. And the rain wasn't far
ind. A few casual splashes, as if it were
feeling its way, and then the deluge. lt came
in long, soaneg, lines, struck through with
ht, flashing like silvered spears against
act, sky. The cautious and the carefully

or cover, but there were many
who stood to the Gowapour and soaked it in

rain came coolness, So swift @
is rare. In the filtee
minutes from 1:80 to 1:45 there was a drop oO!
twenty d The wind for five minutes
blew sixty milée an hour, a real summer aquall.
But it soon came puffy, then away toe
breeze and the flerce onslaught of the rain
weakened, leaving a gentle shower. In half an
our that, too, passed over; the western sky
showed patches of brightness through the
fleecy gray clouds that followed in the wake
of the storm and the thermometer began to
b again. By 4 o’clook it was almost as
hot on the streets as it had been before the
storm. Not until evening did a cool breese
temper the temperature again. Throughout
the day the humidity was hich, the average
being degrees. After midnight another
promising thunderstorm broke on the city.

 

LIKE A TORNADO DOWN THE BAY.

Waterspout Formed off Rockaway Beach
~—Yacht Capsized at Quaranyne.

Brooklyn and Staten Island felt the full force
of yesterday afternoon'sstorm. At Quarantine
the sonooner-rigged yacht Yale of Brooklyn cap-
alzed about 1:80 o'clock and drifted ashore at
Sandy Hook near the fog-horn station, stoving
two holes in her bottom. She is likely to be a
total loss. Five men who were in her clung te
the capsized craft and escaped with a wetting.
On Btaten Island trees were uprooted and tele-
graph and telephone wires blown down.

George W. Schmidt, 23 years old of 77 East
Eighth street; Freda Kneinhans, 28 years old of
47 Beventh street, and Louise Krents, 17 years
old of 613 Weat Twenty-seventh street went out
in a rowboat from the Battery yesterday after-
noon about 1 o’olock to fish for crabs off Ellie
Island. The savall upsetthem. Thetwo young
women and Schmidt clung to the boat end
called forhelp. Ada Kavanagh, the matron of
the Ellis Island lodging boat Narragansett heard
them and sent Thomas Hart to their assistance
and all three were taken aboard the Narragan-
eott.

At Prohibition Park, where the Prohibitionists
of Greater New York were holding their annual
conference and ratification meeting, the rain
was very heavy and drove into the hotel
through open doors and windows in such vol-
ume that the main floor wes flooded. Around
Midland Beach the storm was like a cloudbursé
ane many of the thousands of pleasure seekers
who wi spendt the day atthe beach were
soaked and badly frightened. A big sign
blown from the roof of one of the large hovwla
and the roof of a pavilion above one of the
ing houses was rip off. A tentin w’ a
emall circus exhibition is given near the
blown down. Seve: members o!
troupe were in it, but ry.
A t stirr pe @ wa of Jamal
Boy iat e storm which broke at way
almost likea tornado. The wa it
got together away to the southwest of
out toward Canarsie and headed up the
toward Sea Side. of wind carri i

$ streal

toward Rockaway Point, w ita a ean
— oo! ape |, to ee relief of te ,

o ns who crow every oO I

along Jamaica Bay. Except for aes

awnings no logs was sustained.

iPS Raspole on the police station at

and DeKalb avenues, in Brooklyn, was

by hin ing in the storm at 2:30 o'clock.

spl nters fell on the wires leading into the sta=
on and for seve:

hours there conneo=
tion with Police iQ ania

eadquarters.

 

TAghtning Hits an Asbury Park Warehouse.

Assunry Pant, N. J., July4.—The storm was
unusually severe here and caused a lot of dam-
age. The furniture warehouse of Davis &

din 6 wood avenu
Hehtnine and Wich conten italy

e a Tu
lmer C. Betiner at Avon, an cmeaned tae

Another Sinipload ef Cuban Teachers,
Boston, July 4.—The transport M
the last of the vessels furnished by the Govern=
thent to convey the Cuban schoolteachers te

this city arri here late this
having on board 226 teachers of bo co

A clean bill of health sh "
ste: to the navy vard, where end the ship

here every one
lan y early evening. Special cars convey
the Cubans to ambric . The jectu
the teachers ht te civee comelrew m m

 

 

The Weather.

The low pressure passing out the St. Lewrenes
Valley yesterday drew a warm wave into the Mid@le
Ajlantic and New England States where the tempera-
ture went above 90degrera. The heat was brokea in
these districts Im the afternoon by thunderstorms.
Cloudy and showery condiifons prevailed in the
morning in the Lake regions, with one or two seat-
tered showers in the Northwest The high pressure
bad passed off the coast, leaving a low barometer ta
nearly all districts.

In this city the morning opened fair and sultry,
with a temperature of 78 degrees at 8 A. Mande
humidity of 85 percent. The maximum heat of 01
degrees was reached at 1:30 P. M., equalling thatef
the 4thof July of 1495 and within 1 degree of the
highest on record for the Fourth, 92 degrees in 1879.
The afternapn thunder storm sent the temperature
down 20 degrees between 1:30 and 1:46 P.M. The
storm passed from west to cast with rain, whieh
measured .16 of an inchin this city amda wing thas
blew 60 miles an bour for five minutes from 1:31 te
1:36 P. M, Just after midnight another vicleag
thunderstorm broke over the city.

The average velocity of the wind for the day wae16
miles, from west and southwest; average humidity 78
per cent.; barometer corrected to read to sea level o
8A. M., 20.08; 3 P, M. 20.06.

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by TH¥ SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

—OMetai— Sun's. —OMmeial~ *
1900. 1899. 1900 1000 taob. Veod

OA.M.60° 76° 82° OP. M.80° 74° je
12M .39° BR? 86° OP. M78" «76° =~ 790
3P.M.72* 82 «78°12 Mid..77* 29° 990

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND To-
MORROW.
¥ For New England, fair and cooler to-day; partly
cloudy Friday; freeh north winda
For eastern New York, partly cloudy: fresh north
winds
For eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela
Ware, generally fair; light to fresh southweet winds.
For the District of Columbia and Maryland, partly
cloudy; generally fair Friday; fresh southwest winds
For western Pennsylvania and western New York,

leans on the Legisiature, which 13 to elect him or his | generally fair to-day; possibly showers ang eveleg

ere

     

Puideg, fresh weet winds

 

 

va

\
fs