e

,
?

'
a
: ”
' ’

   
 

—eeeSesS=egeeee=e=E _Ee—EeEee=E——s—s—K—[=—————————————= EE —— -
NEW YORK, SATURDAY, AUG

 

“WoL, LXVIL—NO. 345,
OD

 

 

 

(LLIES TO HAVE 78,000 MEN, | "7584" riavs ro cavam cuva

 

yore TROOPS GOING TO CHINA
pesPITE CHINESE PEACE TALK.

americans and British Led tm the Victory at
Tangtson and Chinese Are Reperted Flee-
ing Toward Pekin tn a Demeoralizsed Con-
dition Li Hung Chang Said te Have Been
Ordered to Negotiate for Peace—Russia to
Have a0 Immense Army in Maacheria
are Captaring Towns There Now and
Also Introdectng Rassiaa Administration,
Special Cable Despatches to Tue SUN

Lonpon, Aug. 11.~A despatch to the Daily
Mail, dated Chefoo, Aug. 10, describes the battle
of Yangtsunm. It says that the Americans
and British led the attack.

The Chinese position consisted of seven
lines of intrenchments 200 yards apart. They
retired from one line to the other, constantly
firing, until they were driven from tho last,
when they fled In the direction of Pekin in a
completely damoralized condition. The Yang-
teun positions were of great natural strength
and were eplendidly fortified.

The British had 200 killed and wounded and
the Americans 250. (Gen, Chaifee has reported
the American loss as about sixty.)

Chinese prisovers say that their army re-
treated because the British poured poison on
them, referring to the lyddite shells, missles
with which they had never before had any
experience

There is little additional news direct from
China, the fullest items concerning the eltua-
tion coming from Washington. Despatches
from Russia indicate that that country is not
desirous of an independent struggle now, but
will do much to preserve her own territory
from violation, She ts, however, evidently
making colossal preparations to shortly and
finally settle the question of supremacy in
eastern Asia.

The Berlin correspondent of the Standard
senda an estimate of the total force at Tien-
tain, which he places at $8,000 with 114 guns.
This number will be increased by the middle
of August by 2,500 Germans with 6 guns,
1,08 French with 12 guns and 6,000 Japanese
with thirty guns. During September there
will be an increase in Pechill of 11,800 Germans
with thirty-four guns, 10,000 French with twenty
guns, 8,800 Russians with twenty-four guns
and 1,460 British sallors and marines with heavy
guns from England, Australia and Cape
Colony. Assuming that there are now
2,000 Americans with 24 fguns, as reported,
en route from San Franoiaco there will
be in In Pechil! bv the end of September 78,900
troops with 280 guns. At the same date Rus-
sla will have 143,000 men and 242 guna in Man-
churia and Siberia. Thus there will be over
230,000 men and over 600 guns against China,
plus 70 large warships and 1? torpedo boats tn
the Gulf of Pechill, 21 warships and 1 torpedo
boat on the Yangtse Kiang, 18 ships and 2 tor-
pedo boats at Canton and 3 German ships at
Teingtan.

A Shangha!l despatch to a news agency of
yesterday's date says a Chinese official is re
sponsible for the statement that 11 Ping Heng
with 15,000 trained troops hag gone to Yang-
tsun to oppose the forward march of the al-
lies,

It fs reported that an Imperial edict has been
issued appointing Li Hung Chang as repre
sentative of the Chinese Government to con-
duct negotiations with the Powers for peace

The Foreign Office does not make public
the contents of the despatch sent by Sir Claude
Macdonald from Pekin under date of Aug. 4,
merely stating that the message is much to
the same effect as the one from M. Pichon, the
French Minister, which was published Thurs-
day

Bavsseus, Aug. 10.—M. Francqul, the Bel-
gian Consul at Shanghai, confirms the state-
ment that Lt Hung Chang has been appointed
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plen{poten-
Wary to enter into peace negotiations with the
Powers

Yononama, Aug.10.—Offictal despatches show
that the Japanese losses at the battle of Peit-
salg were 200 killed and wounded.

 

RUSSIANS TAKE MANCHURIAN TOWNS.

Newchwang and Kharbin Among Them—Ras-
sian Administration Introduced,
Specia! Carle Despatch to THE SUN.
§t. PrTERsBUNG, Aug 10,—-MaJor-Gen,
Alexieff reports the capture of Newchwang by
the Russians. Gen, Grodekoff reports the cap-
wre of Kharbin
Gen. Alexieff further reporta that fe Rue
Gans capturedon Aug. 4 @ mining boat anda
vessel. They bombarded the town of Grem-
lasehst-y andthe fort, The inhabitants are
being disarmed and a Russian administration
introduced
Gen. Grodekoff reports that Gen. Rennen-
Kampf on Aug. 7 overtook and defeated the
*nemy, who fled from Aigun on Aug. 4. The
battle continued up to Jaist. The Chinese in
the evening attacked and tried to turn both
Russian flanks, but they were repelled with
Great loss by rie fire and repeated charges by
the Cossacks, The Chinese numbered 3,000
(Infantry and 400 cavalry. They had twelve
-. ‘woof which were captured, Owing to
the mountalnous character of the country the
ne were mostly compelled to fight on
neg ore Rennerkampf was reénforoed, but
' result of the battle is not given.
“ae that 12,000 (hinese from Hunan
wenn are marching toward Pekin and
eeu nt reports from Port Arthur under
phe om. 5 that Gen, Fieisover, marching by
cat Bkau, Col. Chorunshenkoff, marching
seth © east, and Col Dombrowsky, from the
ean pews simultaneously on the Chinese
a at Haichan, Co} Dombrowsky sent Cos-
: 4s tocutoff the retreat, The Chinese fled
parce abandoning twelve obsolete guns,
c Wi “es and a quantity of ammunition, The
‘ “4@ns pursued thern for thirty-five versts,

en they beeaie too wearied to proceed fur-

The Russian losses were slight,

P .
art of the Fifth Infantry Leaves for the
Urtent,

(HI

‘00, Aug. 10.—Companies I, K, L and M,

UMbhering 5

Me Th

. men and 11 officers, oor stituting
Battalion of the Filth United States

riiwe tern road for the

of tha bateat Haim H.C. Bowen isin coin

where the tran.” hich goes to San Frane
i see Sport Grant is waiting

Neacted to arn yo! the sare regiment is

Ndr ill Dero ante int Sheridan to-morrow,

\eeks Me time within the next two

 

 
 

Spend all day Sunday on }
Ne@mer Chester W, Cl

eautiful L 1 Sound;
Apin. See adv.— Aa.

 

ee eee he __000q0q0 “  _——

Czar's Forces in the East to Be Increased to
400,000 Men.
Special Cahie Despatch to THR SUN.
LONDON, Aug. 11.—A despatch to the Graphic
from Moscow describes the growth of the war
fever against China among al! classes, the
feeling not being alone connected with the

Pekin situation. Russia, it is said, is
concentrating 400,000 men in the Far
East for the purpose vf inflicting a

series of staggering blows on the Chinese. She
will not commence the really offensive until suc-
cess is certain. She realizes that the futuro
security of her eastern boundaries depends
upon her inflicting such chastisement as will
deter the Chinese /or generations from violating
Russian territory. Therefore, the Slav flat has
gone forth that the Mongol must be over-
whelmed and crushed beyond resurrection.

It fg rumored in niilitary circles that the
Russian permanent force in the Eastern posses-
sions will be increased to 400,000 men

MORE TROOPS TO GO TO CHINA.

Germany Has &.000 Men Available and They
Will Be Sent at Once.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

CoLoGNe, Aug. 10.—The Berlin correspondent
of the Cologne Gazette says that, as the Chinese
have shown more stubbornness and courage than
they did in the war with Japan, further re-
enforcements of German and other troops have
been ordered to China. Five ‘housand German
troops, who are easily availabie, thanks to the
voluntary enrollment, will be forwarded im-
mediately. Regarding the report that Germany
has resolved to send 15,000 or 20,000 additional
troops, an inspired article says that nobody
can foresee the course events will take. For
the present, however, the Government does
- contemplate sending any such considerable

‘orce,

Lonpon, Aug. 10.—A despatch from Shanghai
quotes M. Bazaure, the French Consul, as stat-
ing that 2,000 Annamite troops will arrive there
next week to protect the French settlement.

Ruasia has chartered the Allan Line steamer
Sicilian to carry troops to the Far East.

COPENHAGEN, Aug. 10.—Russia haa con-
tracted with the Danish East Asian Company
for ths transportation of 10,500 troops to China.

BERLIN, Aug. 10.—The Admiralty is negotiat-
ing with the North German Lloyds and the
Hamburg-American Steamship Companies for
eight more transports.

Tovuton, Aug. 10.—The transport Ardour
has galled for China with 600 troops and mili-
tary stores.

VON WALDERSEE TO ARRIVE SEPT. 92

 

 

Not Gaing to China via Sam Francisco, as
Was Reperted.
Spectal Cadle Deapaich to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 11.—The Standard's Berlin cor-
respondent says that Field Marshal Count Von
Waldersee will not travel to China by way of
the United States, as it was stated he would do,
but will go on the warship Sachsen, which will
sail from either Genoa or Naples on Aug. 21,
and arrive at Shanghai on or about Sept. 22.

PLANS FOR THE ADVANCE.

Washington Expects the Allies te Reach Pekin
Within Ten Days.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.—Preparations for an
extensive campaign in China are being made
by all the foreign Powers. That a more ex-
tensive campaign than the rellef of
the Ministers at Pekin is thought of
fa not denied by War Department officials.
It is fully expected that the allied troops will
be engaged in China for six months to come,
Provisions for an army of 123,000 men for six
months are being purchased by the ( ommissary
Department; clothing and field equipment for
the same number of troops are being provided
and every provision is being made for the win-
tering of trocps on Chinese soil.

While preparing for other qperations should
they be necessary, this country has not com-
mitted itself t) any movement other than for
tne rescue of the foreigners in Pekin, the pro
tection of American citizens and the restora-
tion of order in the Chine-e Empire In agrev-
{ng to Count von Waldereee; as Commander-
in-Chief, this Government does not bind
itself to Uoipate in any other operation
than the reliei expedition to Pekin, and {t ex-
press.y avoids any understanding which would
compel cooperation with tue other Powers ex-
cept for the purposes outlined in the Presi-
dent's message. It ia believed, however, that
it will take some time to bring about a com-
plete restoration of order and in that event the
American troops will be quartered in ( hina for
som» months to come, Pianse for future opera-
tlous are put aside until the rescue of the for-
eigners shall be acoomplished. .

ft is certainly not thought by War Depart-

ent officials that the rescuing expedition will

2 more than ten days longer in reaching Pekin
and entering the city, Army offlcom are in
doubt as to the movement from Ya:gtsun. They
have carefully studied the map i-sued or the
War Department and have gathered all the
information they can as to ‘he condition of the
eountry,and there is much difference of opinion

to which route should be taken from
jangtsun. It seems to be a question of railroad

or water. ‘The main road to Pekin follows the
Pel-bo and at Yangtsun a _ double-tracked
railroad turnato the west and extends in an

almost direct line w the city. The main high-
way goes directly to Thug, a large city to the
east of Pekiiand better known as East Pekin.
From there lt exten west ward to Pekin proper.
Thung {isa waled cty of some size, and itis
there that mueci of the rice and other pro-
visions for the city are stored

The advantages of the river route are said to
be tha! the s.ege guns and other artillery can
be ea-ily transported on scows to the walls of
the ci:y of Pekin. The» could, if necessary, be
landed for the bombardment of Thunz, whereas

ifth-y were sent up the railroad to Pekin
and h should be necessary () occupy
Thung it would be almost {mpossible

to take them across the country from: the rail
road terminusto Thung. The advantages of
the railro'd route are that it presents facilities
‘or the rapid transportation of food and other
supplies from Yangtsun. A rairoed jine
of communication .s co \-idered easier to hold
and has fewer difficulties than water
communication through rice fleids and swamps
The fact that the railroad is double tracked {n-
dicates that the road bed must be good for
marching tr -. Whether there is enougn
rolling stock for the use of the troops and
whether the road can be put Into shape for use
after th» efforts of the enemy to de troy it are
questions beyond determination by the offlc’als
here. Thes: are but a few of the difficulties
touat confront the foreign commanders.

t is apparent to the military experts that
Yangtaun ie to be made a base of operations on
Pekin. To hod it wil require a garrison of
some siz*, and more troops will be required to
keep open the line of communication from there

Tientsin.

Several thousand tre ope
have landed at Taku = sinee the
relief column left Tientsin and (here is

reason to beileve that a number o! these woone
have already pushed on to Yangtaun to join the
main body. When the expedition left Tientsin it
was compo-ed of about fourteen thousand men,
From reporta received trom (ien. Chaffee it is
estimated that count ng the sick, wounded and
killed, this force has been reduced to not more
than eleven or twelve thousand effectives, It

| would be necessary to leave fully 2,000 troops

|
|

| than
| true th

|v noe trom

Fort Sheridan to-day at 10:30 ,

tas | wee

at so tha not more than
10,00 =60of )=6htthe”—sooriginal =colunn = woyid
be ready to advance on Pekin. Thi- is consid-
ered a very liberal estima’e; some of the army
offio rs expressing the opinion thit not more
8,000 could leave Yangtsun If this be
comma: ders woulu await the arrival
re@nforcem nte bewre miking the ad-
Yangt«un. The Sixth Cavairy,
numbering about eight hundred men, iv almost
certain to haver acied Yangtsun by this time,
and will be in excellent shape for active ser-
vice, Other troops have undoubtedly pushed
out from Tientsin, and it is probable that re-
enforcement to the extent of 4,000 men reached
the reilef col mn before vesterday

Secretary Rooti taking active measures to
insure proper treatment of the sick and wounded
of the American forces, He cabled to Ma or
Hyde at Nagasaki to-day to prepare to receive
a large number of sick and wounded and to do
ever\ thing that he could to hasten the de-

Yangtsun

}

|
|

      

  

 

DECEIT USED AT PEKIN,

SURPRISE CAUSED BY A MESSAGE
FROM MINISTER CONGER.

 

Efforts of China to Get the Foreign Ministers
Out of Pekin—The Ministers Refuse to
Leave Without a Foreign Escort — Seven
American Marines Killed; Sixteen Woanded

WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.—Beyond sending «a
cipher message to Minister Conger the Govern-
ment took no action to-cay affecting the diplo-
matic aspects of the Chinese question. ‘Ihis
nmiessage was based on another des-
patch from Mr. Conger transmitted in
cipher through Chinese officials, It was
laid before the State Department this
morning by Mr. Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese
Minister, who received it after midnight ina
telegram from his Government, and was given
to the press in the following statement pre-
pared by Mr. Alvey A. Adee, the Acting Secre-
tary of State:

“Secretary of State, Washington:

“The Tsung-li-Yamen states to the diplo
matic body that the various foreign Govern-
ments have repeatedly asked, through the
Teapective Chinese Ministers, that we imme-
diately depart from Pekin under suitable es-
oort, The Yamen asks us to fix a date for our
departure, and to make the necessary arrange-
ments to do sv. Our reply is that we will seek
instructions from our Governments, and that
in the absence of such instructions we cannot
quit our post.

“I must inform you that in order to Insure
our safe departure foreign troops only can
safely escort us, and they must be in sufficient
force to safely guard 800 foreigners, including
200 women and children, as well as 4,000 native
Christians, who cannot be abandoned to certain
massacre. We cannot accept a Chinese escort
under any circumstances.

“All my colleagues are despatching the fore
going to their respective Governments.

“Of the American marines seven have been
killed and sixteen wounded, among the latter
Capt. Myers and Dr. Lippett, who are getting
along well, CONGER.”

This message is identical, except in the
reference to the Amerioan killed and wounded,
with the telegrams received by other foreign
Governments from their Ministersin Pekin, It
was evidenily prepared in acoordance with an
agreement among the diplomatists that an
identical communication should be transmitted
to their respective Governments, [ts most im-
portant feature iathe exposure of the seeming
attempt of the Chinese Government to seoure
by a trick the consent of the Ministers to leave
Pekin under a Chinese escort.

There was no warrant for the Tsung-li- Yamen
to inform Minister Conger that his Government
has “repeatedly asked” that Mr. Conger “!ime
mediately depart from Pekin under suitable
escort.’’ Such a statement was false, bo far as
it applied to the United Siates, and it is believed
here that nor of theother Powers haa “'re-
peatedly asked" through the Chinese repre-
sentative at its capital “that we (tie Ministers
in Pekin) immediately depart” from that city.

Considerable indignation is felt here over
what appears to be a Chinese liv, which, if be
lieved by the Ministers, might have resulted in
their massacre and that of the several thousand
other foreigners and native Christians who are
with them in Pekin. After a careful cons dera-
tion of the matter the officials decided, proba-
bly with the President's ooncurrence, that it
was bettor to ignore the attempt at deception
for the tme being and perhaps let it pass
altogether.

What the other Governments may do re
mains to be seen, but it Is probable that as the
telegram from the Ministers on the subject was
identical no representations to the Imperial au-
thorities will be made by any lower until
it hes consulted the wishes and views
of the others This Government has ap-
parently deeined it the wisest course to continue
to accept the professions of the Chinese as
made in good faith. It was apparent to officials
in Washington that if the attention of the Im-
perial authorities was called to their seeming
attemp! at deception they would answer that
in informing the Ministers that the Powers de-
sired them to leave ’ekin they were merely ate
tempting to comply with the President's prao-
tical demand that measures be taken for the
liberation of the fore gners and for putting
them in a place of safety.

The contents of the cipher despatch sent to
Minister Conger were not disclosed, It is
reasonable to suppose, however, that he was
told that this Government indorsed his policy
in declining to leave Pekin under a Chinese
escort, that no request that he leave Pekin had
been made to China, and that the relief molumn,
at Yangtsun on Monday, was rapidly approach-
ing th» capital,

The memorandum defining the attitude of
this Governmentin regard to the latest aspects
of the situation at Pekin and demanding that
the rifle fring on the legations ce ise immedi-
ately was transmitted by telegraph to the
United States Ambassadors in Europe and the
United States Minister at Tokio. The first
reaponse was received to-day. It came from
the Japanese Government through Mr. Taka-
hira, its Minisier here, and was a hearty con-
currence with the sentiments expressed by the
United States.

CHINESE WILL COMMIT SUICIDE,

Will Prefer It to War, Says Mrs. Davies, a
Missionary Jast Keturned,

PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug 10..-Mrs. Llewellyn
Davies, one of the band of American mission-
aries who lived in the Province of Tsi Nau Fu,
atthe time the Boxers began their atrocities,
left China soon after the fir-t attack on the
Christians and is now home in Darby, this city.
8 \e said to-day that she did not believe any of
the missionaries have been spared

“The butcheries of the missionaries and
Christian Chinese are not the result of insurrec-
tion,”’ she said. ‘They are due to Imperial
decree In ‘Jsi Nau Fu, the Governor at-

tems ted to check the first assault of the Boxers
but word came to him that (he Finpress wanted
ho interference. Le Ping Beng, who Is head of
the Imperial army, wis Governor of the prov-
ince ji whieh we lived. lle was strongly auti-
foreign but was dignified and courteous, He
is one cf the most picturesque Chinumen [ have
ever seenand isthe proud wearer of along gray
beard,”

Mrs Davies saiithatif war was declared on
the Chinese by the civilized nations there would
be thousands of suicides among the Chinanen
toe cape the hardshipsof the crmpaign, “The
Chinese,’ she said, “care nothing for life
thse who do enlist will fight untilth-) win or
die. They are not cowards and they have no
pity. Much of their cruelty L beiieve is due to
their own insensibility to pain In China's
hospitals they endure the most excructating
ag ny withouta word of compiaint

“Americuns are most appreciated by the
Chinese."’ Mra. Davies said, “and the E imlish
nex’. The Germa sare hate! because of their
manner, Not lonw sgo a Chinese boy let fall a
barrel which be (ad been varrying in front of
the house of a German so.dier, ‘The soldier,
enraged, airuck hima blow onthe h ad witha
club that killed im, and tren calmly rode
away lle was arrested but diplomacy suc-
ceeded insaving hman punishment for the
murd r It is almost a proverb in China that
‘Forelaners may do as they
re o

Baroness von Ketteler Believed to Ke Weil,

Aug. 10.—At the instance of
relatives of Baroness yon Ketteler, who is
an American by birth, the State Depart-
ment recently telegraphed to the embassy
in Berlin inquiring whether any news of her
condition had reached the German Goverie
ment. The Chargé d’Affaires, Mr. Jackson,
replied toeday that no special tidings had been
received regarding her, but that it was nenaned

WASHINGTON,

rarture of the hospital shin Relief to Taku, | that she was well on Aug. 4, 48 the health o

are to be sent to Nagasaki

re she will take on board ‘he wounded men | the members of the German legation at Pekin

was on that date reported good.

a en

SSeS SSS SSS ss SSS sss

| vessels, of which 40,521

please and go |

 

. -_ooo
WE ACCEPT WALDERSES.

Limits, Hewever, to His Centro! Over the
American Troops tn China,

WasHINGTON, Aug. 10.—The official announce-
ment was made here to-day by the Secretary
of War that the United States had agreed to
the selection of Count von Waldersee as com-
mander-in-chief of the international forces in
any operation in which the American troops
might engage in China. It is understood, how-
ever, that he is to command only in the military
movements, and is not to have any cuntrol over
the American troops beyond their participation
in some specific operation,

 

WANT GOLD GUARANTEES,

Depesitors in National Banks Fear the Resalt
if Bryan Should Win,

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 10.—W. D. Frazer, Na-
tional Bank Examiner for the State of Indiana,
reported to-day that there ts a growing fear
upon the part of depositors in national
banks that Bryan will be elected and that
many persons who have money on deposit are
asking their bankers to issue them gold ce-
tifleates, Mr. Frazer says that two men yes-
terday deposited $25,000 in a certain bank and
that on their demand the certificate contained
the clause making it payable in gold. He adds
that there seems to be less fear on the part of
the bankers than on the part of the people and
that certificates containing the gold clause are
issued when required. '

 

BESIEGED IN HER LAWYERS OFFICE,

Mrs. J. B. French of Boston Resisting Arrest
tin Denver—Has the Governor's Aid.

Denver, Col,, Aug. 10—The law firm of
which the Governor of Colorado is the senior
member fs in the attitude of blocking the wheels
of justice since yesterday noon, because the
firm is sheltering in one of its private rooms,
Mrs. Julia B. French, a resident of Boston,
who is wanted by the Sheriff of Puelbo county.

Mra. French came to Denver acouple of days
ago, apparently for the purpose of escaping
service tn a civil suit which was instituted
by J. A. Elwell, an attorney of Pueblo, to re-
cover $1,000 feea, When the attorney discovered
that she had departed for Denver, he at once
started for this city. fle knew that she would
call on Thomas, Bryant & Lee for advice. He
got a deputy sheriff who served notice on her
there.

Meantime a telephone message had been
received from Sheriff Beaman of Pueblo
asking that the woman be placed under
arrest. A deputy sheriff at once went to Gov.
Thomas's law office to make the arrest, but
admittance was refused. The woman ts sup-
plied with food by a friend who has access to
the room, but no officers are allowed to enter,

Mrs. French ts a wealthy woman, who was
recently arrested for perjury alleged to have
been committed in court in Pueblo. She came
into prominence a few months ago when she
was arrested on a warrant from the East. The
Governor refused to honor the requisitlion at
that time.

 

IN A CAB, IN A CANAL.

Mr. Redway of Trenton Took a Bath Before
Coming to New York.

Trenton, N. J., Aug. 10.—Thomas #. R.
Redway, aged 65, had the queerest experience
of his life to-day. He was in a cart on his
way to the railroad station to take a train to
New York. The harfess of the horse did not
fit and the horse began to kick and run, The
driver Jumped as the horse made a plunge
{nto the Delaware and Raritan Canal, but etill
held on to the reins.

The cab overturned completely in the water,
with Mr. Redway in it, but quickly righted.
The water was within four inches of the top of
the cab, and in this space Mr. Redway saw two
colored men come to his rescue. He was pulled
out none the worse except a wetting. He
took the next train for New York.

HEIRS OF SENATOR FAIR WIN.

Nettie R. Craven Again Defeated in Her Fight
for Part of the Big Estate.

San Francisco, Aug. 10,—Nettie R. Craven
has again suffered defeat in her battle for the
millions of the late James Graham Fair. In
a decision rendered to-day Judge Troutt holds
that she fs not the widow of the millionaire
and is not entitled to any allowance out of his
estate. He places no faith in her alleged mar-
riage by contract and for the so-called cere-
mony before Justice Simpton of Sausalito he
has nothing but condemnation. Of that affair
he says .

‘I do not hesitate to declare the story of the
Sausalito ceremony to be @ most improbable
one-—-an ineredible one.””

Judge Trouvt declares the peneil will and
deeds to Le forgeries. His words are “The
evidenoe bearing up nthe handwriting of this
pencil will as compared with the genuine hand-
writing of the deeodent, and the evidence bear-
Ing upon the genuineness of pencil deeds, con-
vyinces me beyond all doubt that said will and

vid deeds were not written or signed or de-
ivered by devedent, but are forgeries.’

In conclusion Judge Troutt declares that
there never was anv assumption of marital
duties on the part of Senator Fair and that
Mrs. Craven never became the wife of the eapi-
tallst. The heirs opposed to Mrs. Craven in
the present contest were Mrs. Herman Ocelrichs
Mrs W.K. Vanderbilt, Jr, and Charles Fair,
who are children of ex-Senator James G. Fair.

OREGON TO BE PATCHED ONLY.
Japan Cannot Spare the Kare Dock Long
Enough fer Permanent Repairs,

WASHINOTON, Aug, 10.--Atthe request of the
Jajanes® Government, the Navy Department
bas directed Capt. G, F. F. Wilde of the battle-
ship Oregon to remove hi. vessel from the
Japanese dock at Kure as soon as her injuries
have been repaired aufficiently to enable her to
resume active service temporarily,

When the Oregon reached Kure Capt. Wilde
recomended to the Navy Department that
she be repaired temporarily and proceed to
Taku Secretar’ Lone aprroved this, Later
Adm ral Remey telegiapied a reconmenda-
tio. that the Oregon» injuries be eompletely
and permanently repairedat Kure and as he
Was the senior offier in Asiatic waters
his recommendstion was followed The
Japanese Government has now {informed this
Government that it cannot spare the dock long
enough to parmit permanent repairs to the
Oregon, and the orders to take the vessel out o
dook when temporarily patched up were issu
by the Department. :

The Oresxon may goto Taku, but it is prob-
able that she will be ordered to Puget Sound
for permanent repairs.

 

SCRAMBLE FOR TRANSPORTS,
Other Governments Get Some of the Pacific
Fleet That We Wanted.

SAN Francisco, Aug. 10,--Every available
ship has been chartered by the Transportation
Bureau of the Quartermaster-General's depar'-
tment. Several fine steamships that this Govern-
ment was about to charter went to other
countries, who are also active in sending tro: pa
to Coina. Two vessels in part.cular which. this
Gov Tnment was negotiating for were secured
by Russia

The (otal tonnage of the Poacifle transports ia
130,539. Of this 77,919 fons represen! chartered

ton» nes been added
since the outbreak in China h re are nine-
teen chart rec vesavis in the Service on the

Veecifie coast, eiwht of which have been
| chartered since July 11. Th> average daly
coat to th Government is $10,990, or

$327,000 per month, an average of over $550 per
day (or each transport. In addifion the trans-
Portservice has a fleet of fodrteen veasels
owned by the United States, representing a
tonnage of 52,920 Only two chartered veasels
are used to transport troops, all others being
used for freight and animals

Chartered vessels are receiving Compensation
at pe considerably lower than were formerly
Pal

Recreation and Infermation Bureau
ofthe New York Central at 1216 Broadway, corner
30th Street, supplies without charge valuable infor-
mation about over two thousand resorts reached by
the New York Central Lines. ~Ada

ee

UST 11, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

MISS SIIONTZ’S NEW FACE,

To

 

CHARGE THAT SHE IS TRYING
LOOK LIKE MISS WILLARD.

W.C. T. U, Officials Protest Because She Seems
te Desire to Pose as Miss Willard's Succes-
sor-Official Circular Out About It-Miss
Shonts's Style of Hair Dressing Changed,

Cutcaco, Aug. 10.—Eva M. Shontz, Presi-
dent of the Young People’s Christian Teim-
perance Union, is causing a stir in W. ©. T.
U. circles by posing, it is charged, as the suc-
cessor of the late Frances EK. Willard. An
official protest has been issued against her
attitude. Miss Shontz, it is said, within the
last few months has even changed her personal
appearance to conform with a well-known
portrait of Miss Willard. Formerly the Presi-
ent of the Y. P. C. T. U. wore her hair in a
style known as “curled bangs,” with her back
hair fixed inacoilon top of her head. The
last number of the New Liberator, the official
organ of the Y. P. ©. T. U., presents a picture of
Miss Shonta which shows that her personal
appearance has undergone a radical change.
Her hair is now parted in the centre and combed
in ripples down over the forehead. Her face
also seems to have changed in the “official
picture,” which bears a sinking resemblance
to the photographs of Miss Willard.

It is this sudden mptamorphosts that aroused
the indignation of W. (. T. U. workers, who
declare the title of Miss Willard’s successor
pehttully befongs to Mrs, L. M. N. Stevens,
’resident of the National W, ©. 'T, U, and Vice-
President at large of the world’s organization,

When the white ribboners were told of the
transformation of Miss Shontz, Mra. Helen
M. Barker, Treasurer of the National W.C. 'T. U.,
sent the following communication from official
headquarters to the various State Presidents
of the union: L

“Dean PREStDENT: Weat headquarters are
constantly receiving Clippings from papers wher-
ever Miss hontz — goes, stating that
Miss Shontz is Miss Willard’s SUc=
cessor, ln her circulars and cards sent
out advertising her meetings she quotes what
somebody sald about her being the successor
of Miss Willard, and the papers take it for
granted that itis true, This places our Presi-
dent, Mrs. Stevens, ina very delicate position,
and it devolves upon us, her co-workers, to
seo that the preas is duly informed that Lillian
M. N. Stevens cf Maine is not only the successor
of yrqnces FE. Willard, but that Miss Willard her-
self chose her as Lwe-r reqicont-at-largs, un-
doubtedly anticipating that the time woul
when Mrs. Stevens must take her place.

come
it is

patonighing to us that Miss Shontz would allow
herself to be introduced in such a misleading
way. Yours most cordially,

HELEN M. BARKER.

“EVANSTON, Ill, Aug. 7."

“I eannot understand why any one should
endeavor to usurp the title which Miss Willard
bestowed upon Mrs. Stevens,” said Mrs. Bark-
er to-day. “It grieves the meinbers of the
W. c.f. U. beyond expression. 1 understand
that Miss Shontz has even gone so far as to
change her personal appearance 80 a3 to re-
semble Miss Willard. While this seems ridicu-
lous, at the same time it arouses the indignation
of all white ribboners.”

Miss Shonts at present is out of the citr on
a lecturing tour, She is said two be soliciting
funds for Mrs. Mauida bh. Carse’s “Temple-
saving” scheme, the alleged object of which
has been announced to be the purchase of the
Temple building at LaSalle and Monroe streets,
where the W. C. T. U. headquarters were
formerly settled. Only $2,400,000, is necessary
for the purchase.

 

IT WASN'T SO HOT YESTERDAY

As It Was the Day Before, So the OMicial
Weather Makers Say.

The maximum temperature yesterday, the
third consecutive day of an unusally persistent
spell of torridity, was notso high by a degrée
as it was on Thursday, measured by the official
thermometer on top of the American Surety
Bullding. But down on the steaming sidewalks
the traveller between b istering walls, stored
with the heat of oth vr davs, felt as if records had
been knocked higher than a kite,

As on the day befcre, the thermometer did {ts
loftiest atSP M., when it recorded 04 degrees,
ltetuck atthis mark more than op hour. At
midday, it was hover by three degrees than it
was On the day before, aid at3 P.M. it Was one
degree above the record of Thursday for the
earue hour, A breeze ‘rom the southwest gota

ait ov itabout tis time and cooled the levered
Bolb cf the thermometer and it did nt get
above 04 degrees. It was hotter by nearly a
degree !n the forenoon and much hotter in the
evening than {t was on Thursday

Tho pro hetssay that the heat wave to the
west of us is losing energy, and that we may
not have tso hotto-day. The officia! predic-
tion is stationary temperature to-day, with fair
on Sunday without specifications as to heat,

UNNI

Deaths and Prostrations From the Heat.

Alexandre Varlet, one of the cooks of the
Engineers’ Club on Fifth avenue, was over-
come by the heat in the club kitchen at 8 o'clock
last evening. He was removed to the New
York Hospital, where he died within the hour

There were seven deaths from the heat re-
ported in Brooklyn yesterday.

In this borough nine prostrations from the
heat had been reported at Police Headquarters
up to midnight. Three of these were after
nightfall,

PRINCBTON WINS AT PARIS.

Takes the Grand Prix Medal, the Highest
Award in the College Department.

Princeton, N. J., Aug. 10.—News has been
received hora by Prof. Williarn Libbey from
Princeton's representative at the Paris Expo-
sition that the jury of award at the Exposition
granted the Grand Prix medal to Princeton
University, which is the highest award in the
College Department. The news was greeted
here to-night with great satisfaction. The
leading colleges and universities of the world
were represented,

The exhibit was prepared here last spring
by President Patton, Prof, Libbey, Prof, An-
drew Weat and Moses Taylor Pyne, who were
appointed a committee by the trustees of the
Shiversity to do the work, It comprises a
handsome water color paintin,
pall, thirty-one educational charts,
Py. rinceton graduates illustrating Princeton
the, large photographs of the campus build-
ings, and relics from the museums. ne of the
eharts, {illustrating “organization and educa-
tion,” contained a copy of the college charter
granted jn 1748, and gave a list of the graduate
and undergraduate courses, Another chart
exhibited the property of the university and
showed the income derived from endow-
ments and other sources in tables never before
made public, Another f ature wasthe maps
which showed the campus us it appeared in
1758, with only two buildings upon it, 1760 with
even buildings, and as it is in 1900 with thirty-
five buildings.

of Nassau

     

MYSTERIOUS SUBWARINE BOAT,

 

 

Launched at Night From an Island in Stam-
ford Harbor—What It Looks Like.
Sramronp, Conn, Aug. 10,-A submarine
ford Hlarbor at high tide to-night
who had superintended the construction of the
boit is J.C, Carter of New York He is sup-
posed to represent a syndicate of New Yorkers,

but {t has been impos-ible to find out much
about him here, The boat has been in the
course of construction for fi te months,
Fxtraordinary efforts wire resorted to to
keep everything about it a secret, A large
pbuilding wa. erected 0 the island, and

there the bo.t wasbuilt, The end of the bulld-
ing Was torn down and the craft appeared in
sight of passing  boatmen for the first
tine. She is 50 feet long and 8 feet beam. The
propelling power is oprevided by two
motots These discharge water from the stern
and thie causes the boat to go forward at great
speed, Ths submere: ¢ of the be at us contro led
by machinery en each sid’, She hos side heels
also, (wo bilge k: els and three rudders

the conning tower just above the deck The
boat is bu lt of yellow pice and [+ sheathed with
galvanized iron. Last night some boats ap-
glimp e of the boat and three shots were flred
at them noe 7 ,
Dog In the Middle of Great South Bay,

Parcnoarer, L. 1, Aus. 10. An Irish setter

| was picked upin the middle of Great South Bay

 

 

| off the Fire Island channel the other day by |
| Capt. Monroe Ryder of the sloop Milton Leon. |
The animal was almost exhausied. There wasa |

leather oollar about his neck, but it bore no
name.

 

 

books |

boat was liunched from Ware's Island in Stam- |
The wan }

There are two torpeco tubes projecting from |

proached the island at a late hour to get a |

 

RUMLIN'S LIFE IN) DANGER?

Doctors Have to Adopt Heroic Measures to
Revive Him,

tuken to his dressing room
afier the fight Jast night, was in very
bad shape, and almost immediately
became unconscious, A doctor in the build-
ing respondd to» hurry call and found the
case so serious that he administered strychnine,
Ice bags were also apriied to his head and he
partially revived. He was then removed with
the assistance of W. Madden and Charley Goff
to ua cab, und taken to Fverard’s baths, He
wruin collapsed on his arrival there, and, as all
local means failed to restore him to conscious
ness, Dr. Guy D. Lombard of 6 East Thirty-
second street was hastily summoned,

The doctor arrived at 12:45 0'clock and after
making a thorough examination of Rublin said
that he felt quite safe in saying thatthe fighter
hed sustained no internal injuries, He added
that the blow whieh Ruhlin received when
his head struck the stigeatthe timeof the
knockout, together with the plexus blow and
other severe body puni hment, had breught him
to a state of coll.pse and that no ser ous resullis
would be likely to occur, judging fron his pres-
ent condit on, Whilethe phy-ician was exam-

Rublin when

ining him Ruhlin’ opened his eyea and
faintly askedfor water, This was given
to him and he again lapsed into

asortof stupor. Blood at this time was trick-
ling from his ears and nose. Dr. Lombard said
that as a matter of precaution he would remain
fora while.

FATAL FIGHT WITH TRAIN ROBBERS

Both Killed After They Had Fatally Wounded
Two of the Posse.

Denver, Col,, Aug. 10-—The two men who
robbed a train on the Union Pacifle Railroad
near Hugo, Col, Sunday morning last
were located in a sod house four
miles north of Goodla d, Kan, early
this morning by Sheriff Coffee of that county.
Their identity was clearly established by the
flerce resistance which they offered upon the
approach of the posse. They had horses
which had evidently been ridden down and they
took refuge in the house.

They opened fire as soon as the posse ap-
proached, One of the robbers made a break to
get away and a running fire resulted. He
fatally wounded two of the posse and seriously
wounded a third, and was himself killed. His
body is now in the posses-ion of the posse.

The second robber held the posse at bay for
some tme and was apparently well supplied
with ammunition, Later the hou,ge in which be
was intrenched was fired, either by the bandit
or his besiegers; and he perished in the flames.

George Cullens and D. ©. Riggs, proprietor of
a hotel at Goodland, who were with the posse
are fatally wounded, The name of the third
member of the posse who was shot has not been
learned, C. K. Cidelson, an engineer with the
posse, killed the first robber.

JUMPED FROM THE EXPRESS,

Edward Stark of Newark Took a Chance
and Was Instantly Killed.

Edward Stark of 69 Wa'l street, Newark, was
instantly killed last night at the Hamilton
street crossing of the Pennsylvania Railroad in
that city. He was going home from Jersey City
and finding that he waa on an express train
which did not stop at Newark he jumped Just
after the train passed the Market street station.
He rolled under the wheels and was mangled.

HER DRESS LINED WITH MONEY.

 

 

O14 Bills Sewed Fast to the Inside of a
Vagrant's Skirt,

In the Harlem court yesterday Augustina
Levin, a wretchedly clad woman about 82
years old, was sentenced to three months on
Blackwell's Island for vagrancy. Policeman
Woolsey of the East Siaty-seventh street
statio€ reported to the Magistrate that he had
found her sit ing on a doorstep in Seventy-

thrd street between First and Second
avenues, The woman became sick before
it was time for her to be taken to the
{sland, and {t wos decided to send

her to Bellevue Hospital. On her arrival at the
hospital she refused to have her clothing re-
moved, Several nurses had to hold her while
she was undressed, To their surprise they
found that her clothes were lined with paper
currency, The bills were sewed to her €a-
ments with neatness. ‘here were two $10 bills
two $5 bills and 010 $1 bills.

There was also $10.40 In coins sewed Into her
ockets, making $950 40 in all. The woman re-
used to tel] anything about herself, She said

she had no home and no friends,

LIFTS THE TAX ON YUKON

MINES.

 

Bat the Canadian Government Will Collect an
Export Duty at Dawson.

Vancouver, B. C., Aug. 10. The Canadian
Government has notified the Yukon officials
that the obnoxious 10 per cent. royalty of the
«ross output of the mines, so bitterly complained
of by the Americans, is to be entirely abolished
and that a compulsory assay office is to he
established at Dawson where an export duty
of 4 per cent. will be collected,

The steamer Cutch arrived from Skagway
to-day with seventy passengers who brought
the news of the discovery of bla beds of coal
on the Dalton trail near White Horse. As
wood is scarce in Dawson this deposit of coal
will be more valuable than the best gold claim
in Dawson.

 

PEARS FOR ALASKA CENSUS MEN,
Two Supervisors Helleved to Have Been
Drowaed in the Yakon,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.—-Fear is expreased at
the Census Bureau that the two census super-
visors for Alaska, Charles M. Robinson and W
©. Pineoffin, have been drowned and that ail
the records in their possession were Jost Ther
left Rampart City, Alaska, June 9, for 8
Michae! by boaton the Yuken River and have
not been heard frou sinee. If tis should
prove true a new census of Alaska would have
to be taken

 

rc en ee sss a

COLERS RETORT TO GRADY.

The Comptroller Admits Working in the
Interest of Certatn Bills at Albany.

Inreply to Senator Grady's statement that
he was a hold-up Comptro'ler, a dealer in
blurred bonds and a lobby ist, Comptroller Coler
said yesterday i

“Twas alobbyist. and by beingone I got the
Con'ession of Judgements bill through the
Legisiature, and 1 am glad of j also in-
dulaed in jobbying against the Ramapo Water
Company It {a too bad that inso doing IT dis-
{ turbed Senator Grady's soul,”’

Lient, Martin Formally Dismissed.

Lieut. Fdward H Martinof the Fifth Artillery,
who was tri d two nonths ago by cour
| martial on th: charge of falsifying receipts while
geting 98 treasurer of the post ercha ge at
Fort Hancock, was formally dismissed from the
army yesterday. The official papers bearing
on tis cas® » bich were sent from Washington,
wercrery dupont m at his quarters at Fort
Hamilton shoruy ofter noon by Cel. John T
Rodgers, the comin ndant Lieut. Mariin
began then to dispose of his milllary belong-
ings He has the privilege of remaining at the
fort fora week or more if hero desires, but it
is thought that he will leave the place within
the next few davs to engage in business in
Manhattan

 

 

 

Snake in the Hote) Basement,
ATLANTIC Crty, N. J, Aug. 10. ~The presence
ofasna.ein the basement of the Hotel Ven-
dome to-day caused the servants to flee from
the building and alarm the guests A «snake

charmer from a local show came aod carried
the snake away. It belonged t. George Sweet
of & South Missouri avenue, who-ail tne srake
escaped frem a pep

aster Thana Ever t> California,
Iwo magnifeently appointed traius leaving Chi

stlon, ete, N srihwestera

| celled, ear reser
Ade

veepeedg
i Line OMer, 16) Broadway

Fair to-day and to-morrovw,

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

FITZ THE WINNER

‘Former Cuiampion Defeats G3

Rablin Decisively,

AKRON GIANT KNOCKED OUT,

Six Rounds of Very Fast Fighting
—The Bout Attracts a Big House

 

The Hig Western Man in Troable After the
First Round— Fitz Stands in Close and
Floere Him Repeatedly —-Rublin Is Oat
generalicd and Outfought at Nearly All
Stages—A Left Hook Under the Chin Finally
Sends Him Both Mea
Suffer Severe Punishment Gamely—Eacit-

Tato Dreamland --

ing Scenes at the Ringside—-Corbett, Whe
Seconded the 1. iser, 1s Warned by the Polloe
Spirited Fighting in the Preiiminary.

In a fight that for punishment, slugging and
blood excelled anything ever seen in the Bast
since the Horton law went into effect Robert
Fitzsimmons, the man who is now justly en-
tilled to a fight with Jeffries, the present heavy-
weight champion, literally beat Gus Rublin of
Akron, Olio, into a state of unconsciousness
in the sixth round at the Madison Square Garden
last night

Ruhlin, because of his signal victory over
Sharkey last June, waa considered a coming
iman in the heavyweight class. It had been
Said of him that, coached by Corbett and Mad-
den, he had developed into a pugilist capable
of winning the laurela away from Jeffries, to
say nothing of defeating the veteran Fitzsim-
mons, who was knocked out by Jeffries a year
ago. It was also said of Ruhlin that he would
show in last night's fight improved form, in-
creased speed and wonderful ability in every
respect.

Rublin had the public support as far as the
betting went, though there was so much Fits
simmons money floating about that no odds
either way existed when it came time for the
men to put up their handa, But before the
mill had been under way two rounds it was
demonstrated beyond tbe question of a doubt
that Fitzsimmons was by no means played out
and was there to put up a fight far better than
anything he has shown since he whipped Cor-
bett at Carson City.

From almost the first sound of the bell, Fitz-
simmons outfought and outgeneralled Rullin.
The latter ‘was at times helpless in point of scien-
tific methods and was also at sea as to the proper
way in which to conduct the battle. Ruhlin
probably depended upon the clever advice of
Corbett and Madden, but in that dependence
he went too far. Fitzsimmons put up such a
fast fight from the start that Rublin had no time
to think and in that way he was soon Lewil-
dered.

li? the second round Fitzsimmons showed
what a terrible puncher he is by landing a left
hook straight upon the jaw and then whipping
it fairly into the pitof the stomach. The latter
blow doubled Rublin up like @ jackknife and
was really powerful enough to take all of his
steam away. Ruhlin went down hard and took
a full count.

He was in such distress that when he went
to his corner it did not seem possible for him
to continue, but his seconds fixed him up and
hia remarkable physique brought him around
go that in the third round he was pretty well
recovered, Still Fitzsimmons had the better
of it from that time to the end, and whenever
he landed a punch upon a vital spot he had the
big Ohio fighter staggering all over the ring.

Ruhlin began the battle just as he did with
Sharkey. He did not rush, but he gradually
forced matters, attempting to jolt Fitzsim-
mons's head with straight lefts, Fitz, however,
was on to this style and offset it with constant
punching in the body, During the first round
Ruhlin with these left-hand blows shook Fits
simmons considerably, but he did not have
enough power in them to put the Cornishman
down. Right there Fitzsimmons discovered
that Ruhlin was not such a great puncher as
he had been !ed to believe and that he could
take chances at him where he could not with @
man like Jeffries.

So after that Fitzsimmons, no matter how
hard Rubin tried to hit him, never broke
ground and took many of Gus’s punches in
the face just to show how weak they were.
There was one period in the fight where Fite-
simmons held hia face out and let Ruhlin hit
him at will, That was in the fourth round,
and though Ruhlin had the mark tn front of
him and hit ‘t half a dozen times, he could not
even stagger Fitz with any of his blows

After Ruhlin was floored in the second round
he was clearly rattled, In the third round he
stood up and tried to mix it blow for blow with
Fitz, but the Cornishman’s terrific smashes beat
Gus off and had him in trouble. Again in the
fourth, Fitz put italloverhis man and knocked
him down with a sinash on the jaw. Rublia
was bleeding and groggy all through the round,
He was in the same condition during the fifth
and did not haveapunchinhim. Fitz at this
stave took matters very coolly and laughed at
the spectators over Ruhlin's shoulder when-
ever the pair got into a cline!

Corbett gave constant frantic advice
from outside of the ring and upon one occasion
he had to be suppressed by the pelice, In
fact, it seemed to be a case of rattles all around
in the Ruhlin camp. When the last round

and

came Fitz simply slugged Ruhlia until the big
man did not know what was going on, Ruhlio
did not have strenuth enough to
hold up his hands and was blind from the blood
that flowed from his eyes, nose and mouth
The knock-out was one of the cleanest ever
administered and was the result of a terri.e
| lefi-hand hook, straight under the point of the
jaw. Prior to this blow, Ruhlin was knocked

eago for Call rota datly, 6:30 P Mand jedo Pp M,
fespeedtv ty. via the Chierg Unton Paeifie and |
Nortuwesiern ine, Seivier and equipment unex

 

storm of blows and Fitzsimmons
was beaten

down with a
put on the flaishing touches
to a standstill then
Ruhblin’s defeat, while a surprise, was so clean
cnt that there can nothing but praise for
Fitzsimmons, Fitz had
out his plans and followed
He showed that he
punches without weakening
got a number of solid belt.
which eut open his left eve
jous fo retrent | fact, he
fight from flr Somet
rushing wit! “o> quickly delivered that
thes unted, and at other times
he was shuMing apparently tired out
But this latter perSormance was one of Pity’
Hitle pleasant! in he-

complete

be
evidentiy mapped
them to the letter,
kind of
and though he

the face. one

could take ans

in
Bob wa ever aX
torced the
star! to s+ he waa
blows
ret be e«

eoult
tbout

which he has indulged
fore, and with he ecended in
footing
Corbett
kept con
this andtt

ponent
onto Fitz's game, however, and
ron Rubin to look out for

iy and true to Corbett’s @&

}

‘a

     
     

        
  
  
  
   
 

t

Bs ee

2S GEO ESE