OME RET IS” 2s SS

see XN i 2

Let Ae

ees

I

ee

a a a

    

 

vice, Fitzsimmons Inevitably cut loose all of
a sudden with some kind of a smash that had
danger (n it. Fitz demonstrated beyond the
question of a doubt that when he 's fit as he
was last night he is a pugilistio phenomenon.
He put up a far better argument than he did
with Jeffries and showed that his knowledce
of ring tactics cannot be very well excelled.

Ruhlin, while game, and willing, lacked the
science, He did not have Sharkey in front
of him and his defeat puts Sharkey 60 far down
the ladder that it is doubtful whether he will
receive a change to get to the top again for
some time to come.

Fitz's victory puts him up next to Jeffries,
and as the champion has declared a willing-
neas to fight anybody before Sept. 1, perhaps
a match may be arranged. But Fitz-
simmons in the meanwhile has a battle on
with Sharkey, which, in view of the
result of ast night's encounter, looks
like a little easy money for the Cornish-
man. Fitzsimmons showed that he has re-
tained all his hitting powers, and that although
he is an old man to-day, so to speak, he is young
in point of physical strength and condition.
He stripped in magnificent shape, never having
Inoked better in his life Yet, when
compared to Ruhlin, in point of build,
and general make up, bob appeared to
be ao greatly overmatched that he seemed
to have no chance, but with science and punch-
ing Fite showed that a man must not always
be a giant to whip another, either in the ring or
ont of it. The fight itaelf was one of the most
desperate that has yet been seen here or in
fact anywhere.

There was plenty of action in every round,
also plenty of blood, both men bleeding freely
from the third round to the end. There was
very little fancy sparring, absolutely no rough-
ing in clinches and perfect fairness on the part
of both principals. Ruhlin was severely pun-
ished and for a few moments after he had been
dragged unconscious to his corner {t looked
as if he might have been quite seriously in-
jured, but his strength pulled him out.

During the fight in the ring there was a fight
among the spectators just outside of {t and
the police took a hand, which wound up with
the ejection of several, pugnacious individuals.
The crowd was one of the largest that has ever
been in the Garden and the gate receipta must
have topped all records

The prices asked were $3, 85, $7, $10, $15 and
$20, and from all accounts there was no small
amount of free paper in circulation. Much
sympathy was expressed for Rublin and his
manager, William Madden, for Gus seemed to
be upon the high road to success in his pro-
feasion. but hia defeat only shows that a man
in order to be a champion pugtlist must possess
natural cleverness and skt)l in addition to phys-
{eal power, also that he must conduct his fights
from plans developed in his own head and not
in the heads of others.

RIVALS IN THE RING,

Fitzsimmons Concedes Thirty-two Pounds to
His Opponent.

When the fighters in the preliminary had
left the ring, the mester of ceremonies an-
nounced that Fitz and Rublin would be on
hand in five minutes. There were fully 12,000
men present at the time. From the dressing
rooms came the information that Fitz would
have for his seconds George Dawson, Jeff
Thorne, Bob Armstrong and Dan Hickey.
Fitzsimmons said that he weighed 162 pounds.
Ruhlin’s seconds were Jim Corbett, William
Madden and Charley Goff. Gus tipped the
ecales at 194. His timekeeper was A) Smith
and Percy Williams held the watch for Fits.
Refore the men came out the ring was cov-
ered with a fresh supply of resin and the oor-
nera were mopped up. There was plenty of
betting going on during the wait, most of it
being at even money. Sam Harris, MoGov-
ern’s mamager, offered to bet $1,000 to $2,000
that Fitz would win inside of ten rounds. That
was about the prevailing odds on the length.
of the fight.

Fitzsimmons was the first to appear. He
came down the stairway from the northeast
of the Garden and the crowd promptly recog-
nized him and cheered. When he reached the
floor Ruhlin came down the southeast statr-
way and both made thelr way to the ring at
onee. Fitz got through the ropes first. Hoe
wore a long white bath robe and bowed pleas-
antly to those who greeted him. He looked
in splendid shape. Both of his hands were
heavily bandaged with adhesive tape. He
brought with him a pair of gloves and placed
them upon the paper package containing the
set of mits provided by the club. Fitz did not
sit down at once, but walked around the ring
side stepping and trying the boards.

As Ruhlin got through the ropes Fitz eyed
him critically and turned away. The differ-
ence in the size of the men was most notice-
able. Ruhlin stripped at once and met Fitz
in the middle of the ring, where they shook
hands Fitz showed his specially made gloves
to Madden and asked if he could wear them.
The paper package was opened and there was
a short pow-wow, after which Fitz took his
original set to his chair. Ruhlin’s seconds
took his gloves and twisted them up so that
the knuckles would not be too far away from
the surface. Fitz threw aside his bath robe,
showing a pair of pink trunks and a belt made
of little American flags. Ruhilin wore a can-
vas breechcloth. Corbett went over into
Fitzsimmon’s corner to represent Ruhlin and
put on the Cornishman’s gloves. Jim and
Bob chatted together pleasantly and did not
look as if they had the slightest bit of feel-
ing toward each other except that of friend-
ship.

While the men were getting ready John
1, Bullivan's benefit of Aug. 20 was announced
and then the pugilists were called to the centre
of the ring. Ruhlin looked the giant that he
is. He was bigger than Fitz in every way.
He towered above him half a head and looked
powerful enough to twist the Cornishman
in two {In a wrestling match. Ruhlin appeared
just a bit nervous, but that was probably because
he did not like to delay matters. Fitz was
cool and self-possessed.

OTHER FIGHTS IN VIEW.

Before the fight started Tom Sharkey was
introduced and was received royally. Ae
shook hands with both men a moment before
he left the ring. Corbett was also Introduced
and the crowd applauded him generously.
William Madden had it announced that he
would meet Champion Jeffries or his repre-
sentative at Corbett's place to-day or any day
nest week to make a match between Rublin
and the boilermaker

The conditions of the fight of the night were
twenty-five rounds at catch weights. When
Witz waa introduced there was a wild yell from
gallery to floor, and there was a still louder
yell for Ruhiin. Charley White, the referee,
then got into the ring and called the men to
the centre for a few brief instructions. They
were ready to go on at 10:10 o'clock

 

 

FIRST ROUND

Rublin forced the issue by advancing to
close quarters, He did a little feinting and
bitz swung a hard left that landed on the ear.
Ruhlin came again and Fitz pounded the body
with a right. Ruhlin feinted with the left
and shot the right for the ribs, but Fitz was
too far away. Fitz laughed and ran away
fromarush. Fitz came in then with a left and
right to the head, but Ruhlin countered him
on the n@ok with a stiff left and swung the
right heavily to the neck. RKublin jolted him
on the jaw with astraight left again and hooked
the same hand againtotheear. Rublin rushed
with heavy blows right and left, Fitz clinching.
Gus waa very fast and Fitz had no time to hit
him with any kind of a blow. Ruhlin stayed
in close with more punches until Fitz finally
with a@ terrifle right on the ear made Gus stand
still. Fitz then ran in with a mix-up and with
left and right to the jaw he had Rublin clearly
puzzled Sul Rublin with his great strength
rushed Bob to the ropes and pounded his body
and head in blind fashion. Rublin mixed it hotly
and both landed heavy smeshes on the head
Ruhlin staggered Fitz with a left,but Fitz,with
a counter on the mouth, drew the blood. Ruh-
lin hooked another left to the jaw and Fitz,
throwing his arm around Ruhilin, slipped down,
the blood flowing from his left eye. There was

   

     

 

something the matter with the bell and Fits
stopped fighting. Ruhlin hit him on the head
and as the seconds were jumping through the
ropes the referee separated the men.

SECOND ROUND

Rublin immedifkely went in with rapid swings,
he cut open Fits’s eye again, but Fitz stood in
close and with a terrific right in the jaw he
made Ruhlin stagger. Fitz put in another
fearful smash and the blood poured out of
Rublin’s mouth, Fitz then hurried matters
and with the left in the stomach he made Ruhlin
back away. Ruhlin was clearly dazed. His
hands went down and he did not seem to know
what todo, Fitz rushed matters and they got
into a mix-up, both landing ter-
rific punches on the head. Both were bleed-
ing, but Ruhlin was backing away. Fitz rushed
and with left and right on the head, he made
Ruhlin stagger. Ruhlin now clinched and
lowered his head every time Fitz came in.
Bob punched him with both hands and with
a left hook on the jaw he made Ruhlin tumble
back into the ropes. Fitz rained in the blows
and Rublin was bothered. A left on the jaw
knocked Ruhlin up against the ropes again,
and he staggered out dazed. Fitz put in left
and right to the head again and with a fearful
left into the stomach he knocked Ruhlin upon
his hands and knees. Ruhblin took a count
and when he got up Fitz went after him for a
knock-out, but there was no time and the bell
saved Rublin.

THIRD ROUND.

Ruhlin opened with a rush,planting his left
squarely into Fitz's face. Fitz came close and
awung both hands to the head. He raised a
lump over Ruhlin’s left eye, and with a swing
on the head he made Ruhlin retreat to his corner
Fitz now atood in with short, heavy hooks until
he had Ruhlin’s nose and mouth bleeding again.
Ruhlin used a straight left on Fitz's mouth and
eye for blood but Fitz never weakened and kept
on smashing the big fellow in the head and in
the stomach. Ruhlin stood up to the as-
saultand used a straight left. Fitz rushed
blindly and Ruhblin getting tired began to clinch
heavily. Fitz showed signs of weariness, too,
and both men let up in their work. Ruhlin
Jolted the left eye with aleft, but Fitz hooked
him on the Jaw and sent him staggering across
the ring. Fitz was slower than before and
apparently tired. He drove a great left into
the stomach and Ruhlin clinched. Rublin
took a chance with the right and had Fitz in
trouble, but Fitz quickly turned with left and
right to the head, making Ruhlin stagger. Both
were tried and in a clinch they rolled on the
ropes until the referee separated them. They
were at a standstill when the bell rang.

FOURTH ROUND.

Fitz opened with a left hook on the jaw and
then rushed with left and right on the head,
Ruhlin backing hard into a post. Ruhlin
crouched low in Jeffries's atyle, but Fitz, after
blocking a swing, Jumped in with more smashes
on the face and a body punch that brought a
clinch. Fitz was deliberate after that. Ruhlin
Jabbed him in the face with a left, but it had
little effect. Fitz tried swings and chased

his man half way around the ring.
Ruhlin was unsteady and in clinches he
laid his weight on Fitz's body. Fitz
took his time and seemed to be tired.

He was faking, however, for the next moment
he let loose a left for the stomach that made
the big man retreat, Ruhlin was slow as a
cart horse with all of his blows and seemed
weakening. Fitz mixed it with him and finally
with swing after swing he knocked Ruhlin
down, A right split opened Rublin’s eye, and
when the round ended the Akron man was in
very bad shape. Corbett made a demonstra-
tion in his corner and was warned by the po-
lice to keep quiet,
YIPTH ROUND.

Fitz immediately opened with a light rush
and then threw the right over to the neck
Ruhlin was weak and had no strength in his
punches. Fitz, on the other hand, was strong
and seemed to follow out a perfect system,
getting in close, Fitz walloped the jaw with
a left and when he put the same hand to the
stomach Kuhlin hung on. Ruhblin tried his left
with all the foroe he could, but Fitz paid
no attention to it and with fearful smashes
on the head he covered Ruhlin’s face with
blood. Ruhlin had a lump on his right eve the
size of a hen's egg and Fitz hammered it at
once with a left. Ruhlin landed half a dozen
in Fitz's face, but he did not have enough power
even to stagger the veteran. Bob was laugh-
ing over Ruhlin's shoulder ina clinch and seem-
ed to be taking his time. Fitz flnally began
to hurry matters and with body blows
and facers he made Rublin clinch for
all he was worth. Fitz) simply out-
fought his man at every stage. He slugged
him into a groggy state and with a right on the
Jaw he made Ruhlin drop his hands and lay him-
self helplessly against Fitz's breast. Ruhlin
rallied gamely, but his blows were wide of the
mark and when the bell rang Fitz was once
more punching him into a state of absolute dis-
tress. Ruhlin walked unsteadily to his corner,
his face covered with bruises, Both of Fitz's
eyes were swelling.

SIXTH ROUND

Fitz came out briskly and drove a left to the
stomach. Ruhlin put left and right into the
body, but Fitz did not pay any attention to
the blows and hooked the bla fellow in the
mouth with a left that drew more blood. Ruhlin
was awkward toa fault. He did not seem to
know how to fight and simply wabbled around
the ring like a big elephant. Fitz followed in
an unooncerned manner and took every facer
that Ruhlin sent in. Gus had no foroe in
his punches, while Fitz was hitting
like a trip hammer. Fitz finally
got his man to the ropes and shook him from
head to heel with a smash on the jaw. Fitz
then rushed and with a right on the jaw anda
left in the stomach he knocked Ruhlin down,
Gus took a full count from the referee and when
he regained his footing he was reeling about
with no idea how to defend himeelf or how to
fight, Fitz, seeing his opportunity, threw
caution to the winds and went after his man
pell-mell. With a left in the stomach he almost
sent his big antagonist to the floor again, and
would have done so had not Ruhlin gripned
him around the neck. When they got free
Fitz cut loose with a perfect storm of smashes,
Ruhlin was bewildered. The punches were
coming from all directions, and he did not
know how to stave them off. In the ‘aw, on
the neck, on the bruised eye and mouth, in the
stomach, on the ribs, and, in fact, upon every
part of Ruhlin’s anatomy above the belt Fitz-
simmons rained his deadly punches. It was
like felling a tree. Ruhlin tottered and wav-
ered,until finally, while he was moving his arms
convulsively up and down,Fitzsimmons hooked
a tremendous left under the chin which raised
Ruhlin off the floor and made him pitch over
on his head. It was the decisive blow, for
Ruhlin was knocked out so cleanly that there
was no necessity of a count from the referee,

Fitzsimmons stood to one side, waiting to
see if his man still had strength enough to get
up, but as soon as Ruhlin’s seconds jumped
into the ring and began to lift him the Corn-
ishman knew he had won. The crowd, which

for the moment had been spellbound, broke
into a wild demonstration, and the cheering
was deafenin

Fitz immediately sat down and his seconds
proceeded* to fix up his damaged eye. Ruhlin
was dragged to his chair in an unconscious
condition. The police jumped into the ring
and with them came:many of the spectators,
who were hustled about in rough fashion

Ruhlin's seconds worked over him for ten
minutes before he was able to stand up, but
finally when he did get on his feet he was able
to walk to his dressing room without assistance
Ruhlin had a very badly bruised face,and his
ody was severely punished. When the fight-
ers had disappeared and Fitz had received the
usual ovation the police cleared the building
and the lights were lowered

 

BEFORE THE BATTLE

Crowds Block the Sidewalks to (ireet the
Rival Boxers.

Before 6 o'clock Jast night men began to

gather in Twenty-sixth street and Fourth ave- |

nue in order to take advantage of the opening
of the doors of admission an hour later. As
the lines formed the fakirs began to appear
with fans, peanuts, peaches, apples, cigars and

- i

 

’

 

 

other viands which they expected to aispose |

of. The crowd sweltered while it waited.
There was very little air In the street and the
fans were soon a necessity. Coats were taken
off and yet the perspiration poured down each
patron's face, wilting his collar and making
him generally uncomfortable, Rut there was
no fault-finding, for this particular crowd Was
early, and that was everything.

The first door to be opened was that onthe
Twenty-sixth street side of the garden leading
to the top gallery. i
cockloft, while the heat was Intense. rhe
gallery was more than three-quarters filled
inside of fifteen minutes. The police under
Inspector Thompson and Capt. Thomas had a
hard time preserving order at this entrance,
but when the gallery was completely filled the
sale of tickets was stopped.

Meanwhile the doors at the Madison avenue
entrance had not been opened and another
surging crowd gathered in the street. The
police received orders to keep the space around
the entrance clear and unless a man could
show a ticket he was driven away. While the
crowd waited the saloons in the neighborhood
were packed, but shortly after 7 o'clock when
the main entrance was thrown open, the bars
were deserted. Inside the Garden the same
arrangements prevailed that were in vogue
the night of the Erne-McGovern fight. The
heat was almost intolerable‘and the police
were closely on the watch for any one that
might be overcome

After the first rush through the doors the
erowd came slowly and the managers wore
a rather woebegone expression because there
was not agreater influx, but the heat probably
kept people outside where they could breathe
fresh air until it was time to go in. Over at
the Bartholdi Hotel where Fitzsimmons put up,
there was quite a gathering of the faithful,
but the Cornishman was not to be seen except
by those who were particularly intimate. As
is usually the case the holders of the more ex-
rensive seats were late in arriving so that the
house gradually filled up from top down. By
8 o'clock the attendance began to increase tn
Jamps, but it was stlll very early as Fitzsimmons
and Ruhlin were not expectad to get in the
ring before 10 o'clock at the very earliest

There was a big crowd around the Fourth
avenue entrance to see the big pugilista ar-
rive. Whenever a hack pulled up at the door
there was such commotion that the police had
to draw thelr clubs and drive the curious back.
When Fitzsimmons arrived in a closed car-
riage there was a regular stampede, The
freckled Cornishman jumped out lightly and
was followed by Jeff Thorne, the English middle-
weight, and big Bob Armstrong, the colored
heavy weight, whom Champion Jeffries once
failed to stop in ten rounds

“Hooray for Fitz,” the crowd bawled. Sev
eral wild-eved men grabbed the Australtan
bv the hands and shook them warmly

“Hope you'll win, old man,” they sald, with
enthusiasm. “We ain't got der price to see you
do der trick, Bob, but we'll satay out here and
pull for you. Dere ain't no chance to get in
wid ver, when you goes in, Bob, hey?”

But, before Fitz had time to say yes or no,
several muscular bluecoats battered the dead-
heads back so that the fighter had gangway

“Wish IT could take ‘em all in,” said Fitz to
Thorne. “They're of the right sort and I'd
like to have ‘em see me wid 7

“Of course, you believe you will win, Fitz?
said THE SUN man, as the Cornishman pro-
ceeded to his dressing room off one of the Fourth
avenue galleries ;

“I've said I'd win so often,” was the reply,
“during the past two weeks that it seems use-
less for me to repeat the sentence. But T will,
just to show that I'm not Joking. Lamin just
as good shape as when I atopped Corbett in
1897, and I was good then see no reason
why I should not land Ruhlin, who is not so
clever as Corbett, and does not possess the head
that Jim has. Cut my flaht with Jeffries out
of the reckoning altogether. That was a bum
exhibition on my part, l'll admit, but I'm going
to show the people to-night that I can not only
whip Rublin decisively, but that when IT tackle
Jeffries again I'll do him too. Both of my
han js are in good shape to stand plenty of hard
work, and Lanticipate no trouble from my arms
They are strong and will last, no matter how
long the tight may be.” y

While Fitz was talking there was a wild burst
of cheering outside of the building. It was
due to the arrival of Ruhlin, who came to the
door in arig with Madden and Corbett. When
Gus got upon the sidewalk he towered above
the heads of the cops and looked big enough
to sweep back the crowd himse But he
didn't do anything of the kind. Instead he
inet grinned good naturedly at the mob and
shook hands with several who were within
reach.

There's going to be an immense crowd
here, Jim,” said Rublin to Corbett

“That's right,” replied the pompadour pu-
gilist, with his eyes glowing. “I hope McCoy
and | will draw as big The police soon had
the Ohio fighter safe inside the walls and he

made his way to his room without stopping |
| lee

to chat with a crowd that stood in his way,

‘Madden will do the talking for me,” said Gus
when asked if he had anything to sav. But
Madden had been hemmed in by another erowd
and was busy talking. |

“Will vou win, Rublin?” asked a reporter.
“Will 1?” was the retort. “Well, I'll come pretty
near trving to win and that means that I will
do so if it's possible. L know that Fitz is not
so easy as Sharkey, but Jeffries beat him with-
out much trouble and | know that | can whip
the Champion, Of course any man is lable
to land a punch that will settle another in quick
order and Fitz is liable to land on me, but I’m
going to take excellent care that before he gets
to me I'll put in a few myself that may have
a direct bearing on the result, [have
never been in better trim in my life and that
means much in this flght. I've worked hard
and will be handled by two of the most skilful
seconds in the world. They helped me heat
Sharkey and I've the greatest confidence in
their ability to show me a few weaks spots
about Fitz. If I win to-night I'll be the cham-
pion of the world before next year, for I'm
sure I can dispose of Jeffries, In fact, I con-
sider Fitz harder game.”

PREPARING FOR THE FRAY.

Then the door of Ruhlin's room closed be-
hind him and his handlers began to get him
ready. Meanwhile the big arena waa filling
up rapidly with all kinds of spectators who,
the moment they got inside the doors, peeled
their coats and formed a shirt waist army that
was nothing if not dazzlin The predomi-
nating colors were ping and blue, and when
thousands of palm leef fane began to wave
the seene was worth a camera shot.

“Ice cold drinks, gents,” the brigade of per-
spiring waiters yelled, and they were soon busy
diving down into the basement with dripping
trays for more soft stuff.

“Can't we have a beer?” asked a number of
fat men, who looked as if they owned saloons
or breweries

“‘Gainst the law,” wasthereply. “No booze
in boxing clubs, you know.”

“Well, let us choke with soda or ginger ale,”
groaned the corpulent ones, as they took off
their collars and mopped their faces. The
management had provided numerous electric
fans which were buzzing away over time and
the glass roof had been drawn back so that
the moonlight and the starry sky could be
seen overhead. Many windows, too, had been
taken out of their frames so that the air could
come in but in spite of these precautions the
crowd sweltered

The racetrack contingent was on hand early
Nearly all the leading jockeys sat where they
could be seen, and close at hand were the crafty
bookmakers and poolroom keepers, who had
money in their inside pockets to bet on the
fight. Al. Smith, the veteran, who was sure
that Ruhlin would win inside of ten rounds,
got in soon after 8 o'clock and was at once
busy whispering to several betting commis-
sioners who were anxious to place his money.
The Dwyers, Mike and Phil, were there too,
but they showed no inclination to bet. Dave
Gideon, the horseman, and Sol, Lichtenstein
the well-known Javer, were conspicuous. “Hon
est John" Kelly. and James Wakely
with blazing head lights in their
nécligé shirts, had excellent seats,
Both of these individnals liked Fitz and were
ready to bet at the prevailing odds. Jack
Adler, the man with the leather lungs, who
announees the results of the races in) the
betting rings at local tracks, was another warn
hitz advocate and had a big roll of commission
money to out upon the Cornishman Book-
maker Joe Vendig,a shrewd jude of pugilists,

chewed gum and said he would cover any
amount of Ruhlin moneys Al Hereford,
Joe Gans's manager, also thought that Fitz

would get the bulk of the money Fddie
Burke, who never makes smnall wagers, stood
ready to back Lanky Bob and so did Charley
Patterson, another liberal speculator, George
Siler, the noted referees, was positive that
Fitz would win and so was Tou Houseman
who was Fitv's timekeeper at Carson City 5
Tom Sharkey, who was severely pummelled
by both Fitz and Ruhlin, was eagerly asked
for an opinion. “I've met ‘em both,” said the
sailor, “and in my estimation Fitz will win in
about a dozen rounds. He knows more about
the game than Ruhlin and is the greatest
puncher in the world. [f he lands one of them
righthanders in the body, I'll bet that Ruhlin
will lose his bearings and will not know how
to detend himself, especially as Fitz is sure to
follow with other hard wallops tn quick suc-
cession. There's one beauty about Fitz that
must not be overlooked. He knews how to
hit and when to hft. If Ruhlin goes to him
Fitz will drop him quick.”
There was another fighter of prominence in
the crowd who possessed Sharkey's vie
and that was Terry McGovern, the greatest
foatherwelghe the world has aver seon. “Fitz
las the punching power,” said Terry, “and that

ebiadinetienenieeeeeee ates

THE SUN, SATURDAY,

 

wld Yep’ hough

| other Fitz adherent was Peter Maher,
It cost $3 to go up in this | ang an, Pho was

| and do the trick so oeleanly that

 

 

‘a jam at the doors that the managers once

| the people, who wanted to get us near the ring
| ws possible, and when those who had seats at
remote points saw how far away from. the

| bout was put into the ring,

——— $$

Ps . ov

uve : “:

 

 

 

a

will do the trick. If I couldn't punch I wouldn't

be to-day.” Former champion
ht Georgo Bixon, whose left arm

was carried in a sling as a result of his recent |

fight with Tommy Sullivan at Coney Island,
thought as Sharkey and McGovern did. “In-
side of ten rounds,” said Dixon, when
how long it would take Fi .
is a tough fellow, however, and I look to see
him put up a great fight.” Joe Walcott, who
thinks he can beat any of the heavy,
only a welter _bimself,
Fitz in ten rounds.” Still ~
twice beaten by b,
and who fought a twenty-round draw with
Ruhblin a year or so ago, which by the way,
was one of the flercest fights ever seen ip this
country. Maher said that Fitz would win
because of his knowledge of the game and his
tremendous hitting.

As against the opinions of these sepu™
there were others that showed to what ex-
tent the confidence in Rublin had grown since
he whipped Sharkey last June. Corbett was
the strongest advocate of Ruhlin. He said
that Gus would beat Fitz inside of ten rounds
there would
be no doubt about the result. “Rublin will
show greater speed and strength, remarked
Corbett, “and he will also prove that he can
hit hard enough to do plenty of damage. 1
am going to keep an eye on Gus and 1 believe
that I can show him just how to stop Fitz-
simmons no matter how he fights. Rublin
8 the coming champion.’ :

Kid McCoy, though oppose to Corbett in
other matters, agreed with Jim in this in-
stance and picked Ruhlin. A .
“I've fought Ruhlin myself,” said the Kid,
with asmile, “and I know that he is one of the
hardest men in the ring to beat. The manner
in which he put Sharkey away was a good
enough line for me and T think about eleven
founs Ss will be enough for him to get away with

ity.”
Jack McAuliffe, former lightweight cham-
pion, was another Ruhlin man and so was Tom
O'Rourke, who was converted after Sharkey
was downed by the “Akron Giant.” Col,
Michael |. Padden, matchmaker of the Broad-
way A. (., said that Ruhlin looked like a} to 10
shot and that he had advised friends all over
the country to bet on him. Dick Roche, once
noted as a referee, liked Ruhlin, and with him
in his views were George Considine, John Con-
sidine, Spider Kelly, Dal Hawkins and many
other good judges
“Who will win?” somebody asked John 1,
Sullivan as he sauntered in smoking the tnevi-
table cigar ,
“Who are you?” growled John, who doesn't
like familiarity -

“Excuse me,” said the questioner, meekly, “I
only wanted your opinion.” ¥
“Fitz,” growled Sullivan. "He's a cinch.
Right behind the big fellow came the champion
of deadheads, “One-eyed” Connolly
“Blast me bloomin' eye,” said Mr. Connolly,
“if they didn't ask me at the bloomin’ door
whether I didn't have a few friends to bring
with me. Bloime me if I didn't forget to bring
along Jerry the Gent and Red-nosed Jack. It's
too bad, too bad.’ And two big tears coursed
down the blooming cheeks of the man who
never paid to see a big fight since coming to this
country. Mr. Connolly had some slight diffi-
culty with the man in charge of the twenty-
dollar seats at the ringside, but it was quickly
adjusted, and the attendant made a profuse
apology as “One-eyed" planked himself within
arms length of a Wall Street broker

ROALIN BECOMES FAVORITE

When the real betting began it was found
that there was so much funifn money on hand
that Gus was soon installed favorite at 10 to
9 This wasin the nature of a surprise to many
who had read various newspaper statements
that Fitzsimmons was the public's choice at
10 to & but as a matter of fact Ruhlin had the
eal) in the betting late Thursday night and all
day vesterday, especially in the poolrooms
This first yriee on Ruhlin prevailed about
£15 when many of the big bettors had arrived,
but nobody dared to predict what the figures
would be when the men shook hands. It was
simply a case of which man commanded the
most of the financial backing, and which con-
tingent had the most nerve, The principal
betting centre of the Garden was just inside
the Madison avenue entrance, where the specu-

lators stopped to talk matters over
The police did not interfere with this
assemblage, with the result the

persons who came in and did not want to tarry
on the way to their seats had to struggle throug
as best they could. There were easily 5,000
people present at this time and there was such

more became serene and had_ visions of oceans
of dollars in their minds. © Many persons who
had coupons for seats in the first balcony and
the raised chairs preferred to stand up around
the edge of the floor seats in the promenade
As they conareguted there by degrees the prom-
enade was so well choked up that the police
were compelled to drive some of the spectators
back where they belonged. There seemed to
be an unusual amount of excitement among

ring they were they grumbled and found fault
in vain.

NOTABLE SPORTSMEN PRESENT

looking over the crowd when the bulk of it
arrived were noticed the following celebrities
Joseph Dunn, the official timekeeper of the
Broadway Club; A. G. Spalding, A. G. Mills,
and Count Latavette of Paris, France: Senator
Timothy D, Sullivan, Assemblyman Timothy
P. Sullivan, Senator Ahearn, city. Chamber-
lain Patrick H. Keenan, Dr. James MeDerniott,
Former Sheriff Thomas ‘ Dunn,
Police Commissioner Sexton, Frank McKee,
Tony Pastor, Dr. Frank, Charles Ris,
Sam Harris. Robert Hilliard, Alderman Fred
Fleck, Commissioner Keating, John Haggerty,
Harrison, Referee John White, avid
Johnson, “Brooklyn Jimmy" Carroll.ex-Police
Commissioner Thomas Hamilton, Rex McMa-
hon, Frank Erne, Con MeVey, Dr. Joseph Crea-
mer, W. H. Robertson, Johnny Eckhart, Arthur
Lumley, Pat Downey, James Colville, the well-
known Boston referee, Matty Corbett, James
Conrey of Boston, Joe Gans, Tommy West,
Bill Hanrahan, Sam Fitzpatrick, Sandy Gris-
wold of Omaha, Roger O'Mara and John J.
Quinn of Pittsburg, John Dougherty and many
others ;
The champion heavyweight, Jim Jeffries,
accompanied by his manager. William A. Brady,
received a cordial handshake from those who
saw him enter the building quietly. Jeff did
not care to venture an opinion, but sald he
hoped it would be a good flight and that the
winner would meet hig for the championship
before the Ist of September
It wasa quarter of 9 when the preliminary
There were fully
8,000 spectators in the Garden at that time and
more were coming inevery moment. The prin-
cipals in the preliminary were George Munroe
of New York and Billy Ryan of Brooklyn.
They were to go ten rounds, Charlie White
was the referee. Teddy Foley acted as time-
keener, and Joe Humphreys as announcer,
The fighterssatin the ring for fifteen min-
utes while a still hunt was made for White,
who though in the building could not be found.
Finally the referee appeared and the battle
began. When the first round was over it looked
as though Munroe had an easy thing, and in
the second round he seemed to be merely playe
ing with his man. Ryan was willing enough
and stood up and punchedaway with consid-
erable strength, but as soon as Munroe started
after him in earnest the Brooklynite showed
his inferlority. Just before the bell Munroe
swung a terriMe left which flew over the Brook-
lyn boy's head. If it had landed on the jaw
it would have been all over.
Munroe went after a knockout in the third,
but he was surprised at a straight left jolt in
the jaw, well delivered by Ryan. The latter
mixed it up as Munroe came to him, and in
half clinches pounded the body with effect.
Munroe was strongest, however, and was not
beaten off. Munroe landed a double swing
on the head in Ryan's corner and the latter
clinched. Ryan put in a couple of lefts to the
moutth and then backed away from another
dangerous swing. Munroe then concluded
not to hurry matters because his opponent
had too much stamina. In the fourth Mun-
roe started his attack again with vigor,
but Ryan with left and right
on the jaw pulled him up, Another right
actually jarred Munroe and he looked sur-
prised yaa then worked both hands rapidly
reaching the face and pody. Munroe having
little time to get in anything but blocks. Mun-
roe seemed slower than usual, but he finally
got in a right crosscounter which partially
turned Ryan around, but Ryan recovered
quickly and rushed his man to the defensive.
They exchanged right swings and were hard
at it when the gong sounded amid applause
Munroe began straight punching with his
left in the fifth instead of swinging. He landed
several jabs, but finally saw a chance to throw
the right over. It missed and Ryan countered
hard on the mouth. Munroe hustled a bit, but
every time he made a lead Ryan stepped in
with quick lefts and right-hand body punches.
Munroe missed another right swing and Ryan
caught him on the jaw with a counter which
made him shake. Ryan then rushed, but his
blows were blocked. Munroe hustled again,
but he was soon breaking ground and shifting
around on the defensive. Ryan got to close
quarters, however, and with rapid swings on
the head he had the round well in hand
The sixth was uneventful, Ryan standing his
man off with the left hand. He bewan mixing
it faster in the seventh and Ryan landed another
good smash on the jaw. He also put a right
eross counter on the head as) Munroe: rushed
in, but the latter kept on with his assault. Kyan
got in several more solid counters on the face
but finally Munroe nixed it sharply and with
three or four rapid swings on the head he made
Ryan break ground, The hlows were the hest
landed so far by Munroe and he followed therm
up with half a dozen more which were effective
but not powerful enough to put Ryan down
Munroe opened the eighth with a rush. He
had been instructed by his seconds to increase
his speed and try to beat his man down as
quickly as possioie. Ryan used his feet
cleverly and put in the same old lefts with
occasional right swings to the head. Munroe's
blows were powerful, however, and as he
reached the stomach on numerous oceasiona,
Ryan began to tire. Munroe also hooked a
heavy left to the jaw and Ryan almost
lost his balance but the latter jumped
into a clinch as Munroe came again with
another hard wallop for the head. Munroe
did all the fighting after that until
Ryan rallied with a couple of hard swings
on the neck. Then Munroe cut loose once more

ee

AUGUST 11, 1900.

 

i

 

ere REESE | NSE ERS

    

.

 

with a couple of belts on the ear that Ryan

ah ee cagh Oe vine bat Rye cleverness
ninth, uw an

kept him on his feet and also enabled him to

land many hot facers. In the last round Ryan

held his own in spite of Munsee’ incessant

attack, The decision was a draw.

 

 

INTERVIEWS WITH THE FIGHTERS.

 

Fitz Anxious to Regain the Championship
~—Madden Says Rablin Was Stale.

It was with great difficulty that Fitzsimmons
was able to get to his dressing room. The
crowd was so dense that the police had all they
could do to clear the way.

“I'm too old, am 1?” were the first words
that Fitz said. “Well, T guess I am young
enough to make things hum for some people.
T don't like to go ahead and speak in this strain,
but I cannot refrain from speaking my mind
at this stage after all the abuse some folks have
heaped upon me since | lost the championship.
I was not in good trim when beaten by Jeffries.
To tell youthe honest truth, I took things very
easy in that mill and had to pay the penalty.

“After the first round to-night I had no fear
of the result, Ruhlin was a very fast fellow.
He landed very often on me, but his knocks
lacked steam and force. In the opening
rounds I took things decidedly easy, doing
this to size my man up. I made it look as
though | was slow and heavy, but it was just
the manner in which | mapped out the con-
test. The bell hampered me more than once.
The sound was too faint for any one to hear
it. For this reason I had to be very careful
at times. Ruhlin is a game fellow, but he
WAS susceptible to my body blows, These
punches really licked him,

“Assoonas I realized that I could get to him
with my left shift and right cross I knew T had
him. His blows did not even annoy me. Some
of Rublin's smashes landed clean on my jaw
but they had no effect. Only once in the fight
did my right arm hurt me. That wasin clinches,
for Gus is very strong and roughed it with all

his might.”

“What do you intend to do now?” asked
the reporter.

“Well, I will go after Sharkey now,” was the
reply.

“LT shall rest for about a week and then etart
in to train once more. 1 don’t think JT wil
require more than two good weeks to get in
fine fighting trim. My ambition is to regain
the championship. | have no doubt as to my
chance with Sharkey and if I defeat him Jeffries
cannot fail to give me first chance.”

Jeffries, in company with Billy Brady, visited
Fitzsimmons. The Cornishman greeted the
champion very pleasantly. Fitz has a black
eye, and his left knuckle, which caused him to
postpone his encounter with Ruhlin when they

were watched to box at West Chester, was
damaged so much that he was unable to close
it without difleulty and pain. Otherwise Fitz
seemed to be all right

“T see you won,” said Jeffries, “and I con-
gratulate you. ;

“Will you fight Jeffries?” interposed Brady.

Fitz said that he would after he was through
with Tom Sharkey

“Jeffries will meet you before the Ist of
September,” pursued Brady, “on the same
terms which characterized the battle which
you indulged in at Coney Island last year.”

Thereupon Jeffries and Brady left and went.
to Ruhlin's room. The “Akron Giant” was
still dazed when Jeffries saw him. Both his
eyes were almost closed and he could hardly
speak above a whisper. Jeffries offered hia
avympathy, which Ruhlin took as a matter of
course, Ruhlin referred all inquiring friends
to Billy Madden. The latter said:

“Ruhlin was stale and did not put up the fight
IT thought he would. He was slow and slug

ish and fonght in a way that surprised me.
T eave him a few days’ rest and I thought that
it would do him good. Hut, as you know, I was
mistaken, It's all in the fortunes of war and
we must take them as they come. We are not
through as yet and will keep coming all the
time | «till think Ruhlin is Fitz's master and
al! that we want ts a little time. Ruhlin's
defeat to-night 's no disgrace. No person who
saw him put up his hands can honestly
say that Ruhlin did not fight like a man and
take his medicine gamely. He meta man who
was in better trim and whose blows had enough
power behind them. The smashes which Gus
received in the body did more damage than
anvthing else. It made him forget his clever-
ness and he started in to slug. his was just
what Bob wanted and vou know the rest. As
I said, | am not going to give up the ship. I
think Ruhlin is a champion and that he can beat
more people than can whip him.”

When Jeffries left the Garden he said to his
manager, Bredy. with considerable glee: “|
am still champfon, and what is more, I know
1 ope beat those two fellows who fought to-
night.”

Jim Corbett had this to say: “Ruhblin was
lecked on his merits, and I must give all the
credit to Fitz, for he is certainly a great pugilist,
1 don't know anything about Ruhlin’s con-
dition. He appeared to me to be all right
and he must have been in good
fettle or elae he would not have stood the punches
which Fitz administered. Ruhlin’s blows,
while they lahded accurately enough, did not
seem to hurt Fitzsimmons I ady him to
keep away several times, but he did not heed
it. 1 am sorry for Gus, for I really thought
that he would win.”

POLICE OUTSIDE THE GARDEN.
Bicycle Squad Assisted in Keeping the Streets
Clear, =

The police detail,consisting of more than one-
hundred and fifty men, made up of drafts from
different precincts, of which Capt. Thomas of
the Tenderloin sent fifteen men, guarded both
the inside and the exterior of the Garden. The
detail! was in charge of Inspector Thompson,
from Headquarters, who was constantly on the
move, like a Colonel along the battle line, from

one to the otherof his men on post. He ha
yersonal command of the Madison avenue end,
{ere the onlookers were allowed to atand five
deep on the opposite side of the avenue without
molestation, but the people on the Garden side
had to keep moving. The crowd later on
blocked the avenue from pave to pave

Along Twenty-seventh street, from Madison
to Fourth avenue, there was a bicycle police-
man standing at every twenty feet of distance,
The orders were to prevent the gathering of
the people into groups and the squad didita
best to keep people moving. Sergt. Lievers of
the}Park mounted police had charge here.
Around on Fourth avenue the policemen, under
Sergt. George Hall, kept the Garden side prac-
tically clear of gazers, but the ordinary foot
traffic was not stopped. The op. osite side of
the avenu® was mcreor less crowded, but the
police (riedto keep the sidewalks free. Around
the Twenty-sixth street cornorand just outof
the police danger line there wus a crowd of
nearly a thousand.

Along Twenty-sixth street the pavement op-
posite the Garden was packed and the persons
there yielded very sulleniy to the orders of the
police tomoveon The Garden side ot Twenty-

sixth street was kept clear atthe opening hour |
for the long line of people eager to buy seats |

and the ticket speculators, who evidently had
the protec ion of the police, Persons attending
to their ordinary business found this side of
‘Swenty-sixth street a ''No Thoroughfare.” it
they re-isted they wererun across the street
by force of arms. Among the policemen sta-
tioned here were twenty-five from_the Brook-
Ivn Bridge, under Sergt. Hays.
Burke, the man who won his chevronsb
resting ex-Alaerman Callatan in Police Com-
missioner Roosevelt's time, had charge of the
group of policemen about the ticket office on
the Twenty-sixth street side.

Asthe fight wore on the policemen on the |

Outside seemed to ooze away.
quad seemed to be outside the pull, for the

held their places faithfully along Twenty-sixt!

street, which as aconsequence Was as orderly
as a country churchyard On the three other
streets it was different. Only ahandful of
men were left to keep away the crowds, the
others having stolen in to ee the scrap, The out-
side crowd Was now 6,000 strong, and fully 500
men and boys were stretched out on the grass in

The bicycle

the nearest corner of Madison Square Park, !

awaiting the finsh. The only quiet place in
ths neighberhood was the parlor of the Man-

havtan Club, the old Democratic stronghold on |

the Twenty-sixth street corner, in which a
group of grayheaded men sat conn ng over
Bryan's acgeptance speech, apparently oblivi-
ous of the excitement without When the fight
was well under way hansom and four-wheel
cabs came rushing to the Madison avenue en-
trance trom ail directions. The quarrellinga
of the crivers for good places was the chief
outside incident for a spell. ‘The crowd outside,
drawn on by the vells which came outin volleys
at intervals through the open windows, was
now massed closed to the doors and at the end
of the fight the outsiders rushed forward at all
doors, meeting the opposing tide ot the
insiders rushing out olicemen were the
firs’ out. The uniformed men rushed
out like bees from a_ hive They
acted!as buffers between the spectators
o! the milland the mob outside. The best of
order prevailed. There was a little “fanning”
tocurb some of the more excitable cutsiders
but as a rule a shove and a word sufficed to
clear the way

The first intimation to the outsiders that the
fight was over came from a youth on the
Twenty-sixth -treet gallery, next to the fighters’
dressing room on the Fourth avenue corner
He appeared at an open window and waved his
hands in a meaning Way to some one ata win-
dow on the opposite side of the street

“Dat's a signal for some sportin’ extra,” said
a curbstone ex pert.

Presently the yells of the boys selling extras
drowned nearly all other cries

The attendants at the fight, after a lively
bustle for cabs and cars, scattered very rapidly.

  

 

 

Roundsman |
ar- |

 

pe called
as called a meeting of the board for Aug.

 

 

 

ndred enth te
fet tn Tpasond about the Twenty rth ates tan
1

depart tthe fi hiers. —
waiting for the ure 0! »

Fitz,who had been driven u tothe Garden in
alandwu from the Bartholdi Hotel followed by
a howling mob 900 strong, left from the Fourt
avenue door in a hansom cab. ie

“Whata lovely black eye he has,” shouted
out one of the onlookers as the fighter emerged
from the building.

There was a round of cheers as the victor got
intothehansom. Be sat in the left corner, a
friend crowding in next to him and his trainer
sitting on the knees of the two men. The
cheers broke out again as the cab started and
apack of tatterdemalions ran shouting after
the hansom.

Ruhlin did not appear until fully an hour
later. The crowd waited with patienc’, Through
the windows of the dressing-room a group of
fans cou'd be

men industriously waving
seen who, according to. the curbstone
wiceacres, were cooling off the | beaten

fighter while a doctor was attending to
him. Corbett anda host of lesser celebrities in
the pugill'tic world meanwhile went away in
hansoms from the Fourth avenue door. Each
gota round of cheers. But the greatest vo ley
of yells was for Ruhlin. The densely massed
throng shouted for him as though he had won
the fight.

SCENES ABOUT THE HOTELS.

 

Plenty of Early Betting, With Fits a Slight
Favorite.

The scenes about the hotels and the resorts
where sports congregate was very animated
yesterday. The out-of-town followers of
the ring poured into the city all day and
by 6 o'clock they made their presence felt,
going about with large rolls offering to bet
Most of the visitors, with the exception of the
Southerners, favored the “Akron Giant” and
before long the odds which were 10 to8 against

Rublin's chances changed to even money
The Providence delegation arrived early
yesterday John J. Sullivan's

morning at
n the party were Mike Reilly, Barney Fagan,
Tom Buckley, I:ddie Bohan, Pat Burnes, Joe
Brown, Fred view. and dim Daly. Most
of the sports asked Sullivan for his opinion
as to the result, John, who has previous!

conveyed the impression that he was neutral,
sald: “I have placed #200 even on Bob twice
and will try an pepe of $500 more to-night
at the Garden. 1 think he will do the trick
quite handily.”

‘this information had the effect of bringing
most of Sullivan's friends around to hia way
of thinking and they all backed the Cornish-
man. Sullivan acted asa stakeholder, and
by 3 o'clock his safe held about $4,000 in wagers.
Wakely's and Corbett's were pretty lively
ylaces, both in the morning and atternoon,
Vakely bet $1,900 even with a Chicago friend
on Fitzsimmons and offered to back Lanky
Bob the same way again, but found no takers.
Sam Fitypatrick was more fortunate and
located a customer for a big commissioner
on Ruhlin, getting 10 to & for his money
“Brooklyn” Jimmy Carroll made two more bets
of $20 to $160 on Fitz. The largest wager
of the day was recorded at Carroll's In the
afternoon, It was made by Denny Dufly_of
New Orleans, the son of the late Col. Pat Duffy
Duffy bet $2,590 to $2,000 on Fitzsimmons with
a Boston man named Wilson, Carroll is hold-
ing the stakes

At the Delavan Hose, where the Chicago
crowd is stopping, Tom O'Rourke was kept
busy recording wagers. Some of the beta
made were: Honest John Kelly, $1,000 to $k00
on Fitz, Tommy Hanton, $2,000 even on Rublin;
Frank Hutchinson, $500 even on Ruhlin, At
Corbett’s Johnny Considine is holding the
appended bets: Manny Chappelle, $500 even on
Ruhlin, with J. Norris ef San Francisco, M.
Lawrence, $200 to $750 that Fitz wins in three
rounds, with Morris Schleiser of Baltimore;
John Thompson of Cincinnati, $1,000 even that
Fitzsimmons will win, with “Sonimer” Logan of
J ouisville, Ky

Billy Madden, who was about town most of
the day, happened to stroll into the Sturtevant
House and got into a discussion with a few
friends. “TI think Gus will finish Fitz inside of
ten rounds,” said Madden. “Will somebody
take me up?”

4 tall, well-dressed fellow, who was standin,
within aar shot, approached Madden and said:
“Twill, and I will eive you 2 to1 for your money *
Billy then took out five crisp one-hundred-dollar
bills and laid the same against $1,000, —

Warren Lewis went down to see Ruhlin at Bay
Ridge yesterday morning. He was 80 elated
over Gua's condition that he at once placed
$1,000 even on his chances with J. Snilles of
Rochester.

FPLURRY IN PARK ROW.

At Electric Flame Stampedes Crowd Watch-
ing a Balletin Board.
The crowd thgt gathered in Park row to

watch the progyggs of the fight as shown on the
Journal’a bulletin board was the largest
that has ever been, seen there on a
similar occaxion, It backed all the space
in front of the various newspaper offices
extending up the row beyond the Bridge, and
down asfaras Mail street. The plazain City
Hall Park was as lid mass of people almost
to Broadway. The only crowds in Park row
and vicinity that have exceeded this one in size
were some of those on New Year's eve and a
few on the nights of elections in which the
public was unusually intere-ted.

While the ciowd was densesta piece of wire
or some other good conducting material fell
into the sub-trolley slot of the Madison avenue
road at Frankfort street. A momentary short
circuit was e-tabl shed and an_ intensely bril-
liant fame shot up iprough theslot. The flame
ran along the trolley slot down to the Post
Office, feeding upon the rust which had ac-
cumulated on the power rails, The sputtering
flame spread terror in the crowd and the track
in its path was cleared in our prising\y quick
time. Although the people pushed and pulled
each other aside roughly in their haste to reach
places of safety it was found when the scramble
was over that no one had been hurt.

 

UPTOWN CARS STOPPED.

Burning Out of a Main Feed Wire Causes
Delay of Nearly Three Hoars.

One of the main artery feed wires running
from the power house of the Metropolitan Street
Railway Company and connecting with the up-
town end of their several systems burned out
last night at 102d street and Second avenue.
The manhole was blown into the air, and a big
electric flame shot up that startled the neighbor-
hood. The pitch between the paving stones
in the street began to burn, but the fire was
extinguished before the arrival of the firemen.

The fire, however, was serious in its conse-
quences for the various street car systems. The
Second avenue, the Lenox avenue, the 116th
street crosstown, the Lexington avenue line

above 105th street, the Eighth avenue and the
Sixth avenue lines above lieth street, were all
stopped as there was no power. The block
lasted from 6:30 o'clock until 9 o'clock, and
oven, after traffic was restored the cars moved
slowly,

At 7:30 o'clock there waa a small sized riot at
116th street and Eighth avenue, growing out of
the blockade. The railroad people had un-
hitched a team of horses from a repair wagon
and used them to drag the heavy long cars that
had been stalled around the corner to the
Eighth avenue tracks below 116th street where
the power acted that came from the Sixth ave-
nue power house. The horses dragged a great
many cars and the wel t of them and the heat
soon had them in a iiher and they looked
tired. The crowd that had gathered an to
hoot and yell at the railroad people, declarin
that it was a shame to use horses for such wort
on so hot a night. The railroad people paid no
attention to them. One man called up the Berg)
society on the telephone and asked them to
send up some officers as the horses were being
orysily weere i '

he crow un to threaten the raij-
road people by this time, and the conden
and motormen of all the cars in the neighhbor-
hood ran up with switch bars and controllers
and gathered around the men and the in-
spector who were working with the horses
It looked like a shindy for a while, but George
Durant of 2115 Fighth avenue ran to the Weat
125th street station and told Sergt. Kelly what
was happening. Roundsman MteHtugh and
five policemen were sent there onarun, They
dispersed the crowd and then made the raii-
road people quit using the horses

In the excitement, Mrs. Kate Kennedy, 28
vears old, of 184 West Twenty-first. street
became frightened and tried to jump from
acar. She fell down and was trampled upon.

| She was badly bruised and her clothing was

rulned. She was attended by Dr. Du ’
of the », Hood Wright Hospital. ne

Declines a College Presidency,

SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Aug. 10.~Dr. M. W.
Hamma of Washington, D. C., has declined the
callto the presidency of Wittenberg College.
The committee received word to-day from h
at St. Petersburg, Russia. No doubt he thought a
younger man would be hetter for the position.
Dr. 8. 8.Waltz of Louisville, Ky., will probably

President C. N.Gaumer of Mansfield
22
when action will be taken aay

 

Arrested for Stealing Jacob Worth’s Watch.

George Harrington, who lives in the Bowery,
Coney Island, was arrested at midnight by De-
tective Harrington of the Pinkerton Detective
Agency on the charge of stealing a $1,000 wate
from Jacob Worth, the Brooklyn Rey Be pos
politician. Mr Worth lost the watch last Sar-
urday. Harrington said that he had received
the watch on Sunday froma friend who asked
him to dispose of it. Harrington was jocked up.

ENED
If You Are Conducting

A really first-class summer resort, sith
or mountain, make its pecaiiey Known throuch Yen
0)

Son's advertising colum
Z aaa < ne M readers seek such

ee ee Lr -"_"
——_——_- oe“ iw“ $cwee—cww --OOOOwrroorrrnn woos

  
   
 
         

— a

Only a half day to-day for
business; a half for pleasure.

But for that first half day it'll
be our business to give you
pleasure.

Tidbits in everything man or
boy wears.

Rogers, Peet & Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 9 Warren St.

849 Broadway, cor. Prince.

1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 West 33d St.

THE WALDORF SHOE.

290 As Good a’

Shoe as Can
Be Made. . .

The time has passed for

high price shoes. Our

success With the

WALDORF
SHOE

has proved that a Shoe
can be made and sold at
$2.50 that gives as much
satisfaction in every
way as others costing
more. We use the best
leather, have the most
skilled workmen and a
factory equipped to make
fine shoes at a loW price.
Compare our Shoes with
others that cost more.
Every style and kind and
every Shoe warranted.

SOLD ONLY IN OUR OWN STORES,

' New York: Brooklyn:
1327 Broadway, Herald Sq. 547 Fulton St,
347 Broadway, comer Leonard. opp. City Hall
4&0 Nassau St. 766 Broadway,

,. 2256 Third Ave, Harlem near Flushing Av.
Newark, N. J.--1948 Market St. Philadelphia: .
Paterson, N J.Corner Mainand 1010 Market St= ~

Van Houten Sts 187 N. 6th ®
Troy, Utica, Syracuse, Rochester,
Boston, Providence, Baltimore, Springfield
Factory at Springfeld, Mass,

BARRYMORE IN A HUFF.

  

We fll orders
by mail.

 

     

 

     
   

Dummy Wrestler in an Outdoor Performanee
of ‘As You Like It’’ Annoyed Him,

NARRAGANSETT Prer, R. 1., Aug. 10.-Maur
ice Barrymore never played such a comical
scene as the wrestling match proved this after-
noon in the lawn production of “As You Like
It" at Narragansett Pier. “Kid” McCoy was
billed to play Charles the Wrestler, but at a
late hour determined to go into pugillatic train-
ing, 80 it was necessary to puta dummy in to
do the part. A young man named Armstrong
was secured who could neither act nor wrestle
He simply spread out his hands and felt of
Orlando's (Barrymore's) face. Barrymore
might as well have attempted to wrestle with
asand bag. The ground was uneven. Barry-
more finally ended by slapping the wrestler’s
face and Charles was carried out.

When Barrymore made his exit, he was at
fever hgat and ordered Stage Manager Elton
to come to his tent. Elton, in the red and yel-
low garb of Touchatone, ventured in as if he
had been walking on eggs. Mr. Barrymore
vehemently déclared he had never been “made
such a monkey of” in all his life, that Orlando
would be laughed at until the final curtain,
that the management might have got some
one who could wrestle in McCoy's place, and
that he was disgusted. It took half an hour
to pacify him, although it was almost 5 o'clock
and only one act had been played. Meantime
the orchestra tried to keep 1,200 society people
quiet. Finally Barrymore cooled off and the
performance proceeded,

A perfe t August afternoon anda clear blue
sky favored the outdoor performance of the
play. It was given on the grouncs of the Point
Judith Country Club, just east of the club-
house, and before, probably, the largest and
most fashionable assembly ever gathered at
Narragansett Pier, The stage was the natural
grounds at Wi'dflied Farm, and the pine trees
served asa natural stage setting. The Casino
oreiestra was stationed there to play the inci-
dental m sic for the production, which wes un-
der the management of Dr. Bert A. Burns
and Mr. H. J. Berry of New York. The cast

was:

Banished Duke, Mr. John Sutherlund: Duke
Frederick, Mr W_ ©. Cowper; Amiena with bal-+
lads, Mr. James Leahy, Orlando, Mr. Maurice
Barrymore Touchstone, Mr. Ernest. Elton;
Jaques, Mr. Sheridan Block: Lebeau, Mr. Ed-
ward Poland; Oliver, Mr. J. Palmer Collins;
Jauges de Bona, Mr. WH. Young; Adom, Mr.

Verner Clarges; Charlea, the wrestler, Mr.
Armstrong, William, Mr. Edward Poland;
Silviua, Mr. Manitee Johnstone; Corin,

Mr. W.C. Cowper, Celia, Miss Georgia Wellan:
Phoebe, Miss Lestie Ringham; Audrey, Mise Ada
Gilman; Rosalind, Miss Mary Shaw: foresters,
lords, Ac. Glees by the Boston Comedy Four,
Among those in boxes were Mrs. R.G. Dun
and party of New York, Dr. and Mra. J. J.
Lawrence and party of St. Louis, Mra.J. D.
Leary and party of New York, Dr. Bert A.
Burns and party of New York, EF. L. Lithauer
of New York, Dr. and Mrs. L. Elie of St. Louis,
Mr. and Mrs. A. BE. Kennedy of Philadelphia,
Mr. W. W. Keith of Chicago, Mr. and Mrs.
J H. Headley of New York, Mr. and Mra. W.
», MacInnes, of Pittsfield, Mass, and Miss
Cottreaux of New Orleans, Mr. and M
\nabel Cruse of Chili, Dr. Edward Wilde o'
Washington, D_C., Dr and Mrs. William Francie
Honin of New York, Col. A. B DeFrece of New
York, Mrs. ©. H. Turner, Mr. Will Thornton of
St. Louis, Gen. and Mrs. F. A, Starring, Dr
and Mrs 1. F. Pitkin, Miss Marguerette Pitkin,
Miss Ethel Conderman of Philadelphia, Mr,
and Mrs. John J. Tootie of St. Joseph, Ernest
Wilkinson, A.M. Hopkins ot Washington, Mre.
Joseph R. Dilworth of Pittsburg, Mr. and Mrs.
James K. Hackett of New York, Mr. and Mra
Henry Brevoort Kane ot New York, Mr. and

Mrs. Thomas B. Wanamaker of Philadelphia,
ee and Mrs. 8. A. Culbertson of Louisville
y.

 

  
 
   

   
   

**I drink to the general foy of
the whole table. ’’-—SHAKESPEARE.
On 44, 2 j

 

           
       
     
     

  

It is indeed a “joy
forever’ —always pure
always smooth, a.ways
uniform —a proper and
safe stimulant,

Sold Every where
CAHN, BELT &, 00..

ae A ae A a al i tc