Ss FULL OF
ATCH OF LETTERS .
LIVE! y STORIES FROM CHINA.

r Chinese OMctals Who Have Re-
he Boxers—The Oregon's Captain
Said to Have Protected a Chinese Ganboat
Pigtall Cutting the Cause of a Riot.
The mai) from China which arrived in this
city yesterday brought a large number of
Jetters from missionaries who were stationed
tide of the danger zone bordering about
an received by the different

praise fo
sisted ¢

YANY MISSIONARIES SAFE, |

  

LORD CHIEF JUSTICE RUSSELL DEAD,

First Irishman and Roman Catholic to Hold
the Office Since the Reformation.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

¥ LonpDon, Ang. 10.—Baron Rus-ell of Killowen,

Lord Chief Justice of England, died at Ken-

sington at 83 o'clock this morning. He had been

ill only two weeks.

Charles Russell, the first Irishman and the
first Roman Catholic who bas filled the offices of

 

 

 
 

SE

Attorney-General and of Lord Chief Justice of |

England since the Reformation, was born at
Newry, County Down, Nov. 10, 1832. He came

RACE FOR GOVERNORSHIP.

IT’S A VERY OPEN ONE YET, LEAD-
ING REPUBLICANS SAY.

 

 

Senator Platt Thinks a Worker for the Party
Should Get the Nomination—Mr. Woodruff
in the Hands of His Friends—Others That
Are Prominently Mentioned for the Place.

The leaders of the Republican party have not
yet made any decision as to whom they shall
support for the nomination for Governor in the
convention on Sept. 4. There was a great deal
of talk yesterday in Republican State head-

 

 

THE PRESIDENT KEPT BUSY.

 

State Monopeolize His Attention
~His Health Is Good,

Canton, Aug. 10,--Affairs of State practically
monopolized the time of President McKinley
and the official household with him in Canton
to-day. Early inthe morning news came from
the Capital regarding the Chinese matter,
and demanded immediate consideration.
Other news arrived at Intervals during the
day and with the instructions that were pre-
pared here, and the matters referred here for
approval, the foros was kept well occupied.
Besides giving personal attention to many of

Affairs of

“THE SUN, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.

 

is

 
 
   

Room Only

the sign at the grocers

Pekin. These letters, of a family of small gentry that had been set- :
of foreign missions, told of the safety . . : quarters among the persons who went to call | these matters the President had several con-

ae an the intsaionaries from America, aia oe ann. ee Pe | on Chairman Odell about Congressman Sereno | ferences with Cabinet members in Washington since the ap P carance of the
with the exception of those at Pekin, Pao-ting- | gent of Maynooth College from 1887 to 1880 E. Payne, the Hon Timothy L. Wood- | by telephone. The result was that this was not
fu and in the Shan-si province. The mission- | and the friend of Cardinal Newman, who said | TU and various other person, and | agood day for callers, Many were received as
aries in central China and throughout east] o¢ nim in his “Apologia pro Vita Mea: “He Mr. Woodruffs friends declared that | circumstances allowed, but others were asked
and west Shantung were reported a8 having | peined me more than any one else,” and to him he ought to get the nomination, and that | to come at some other,time. As usual none of
n Japan or coast towns of China. Senator White of Syracuse should be hisrunning | the official information was given to the pubilo

taken refuge WU
The Presbyterian board received letters

from the Rev. W. O. Elterich, the Rev. Paul
D. Bergen, the Rev. Henry V. Noyes and the
Rey. Wiliam J. Leverett. They contained
details confirming the burning of the Presby-
ssion at Weiblen, the report of an anti-

Newman attributed the chief partin his con-
version to the Cathollo faith, His brother ts
Father Matthew Russell, 8. J., editor of the
Irish Monthly and well known asa poet. His
three sisters all became Sisters of Mercy.
Young Charles Russell was trained in Catho-
He schools and then apprenticed toa firm of

mate. Then there came along some fellows
who said that Col. Willlam Cary Sanger of
Sangerfield, Oneida county, wae a good man.
Col. Banger’s name was presented to the
senatorial convention in the Oneida dis-
trict on Thursday by Senator Coggeshall,

here.

The telephone facilities of the house were in-
creased by the addition of a new instrument
to-day and the working force was strengthened
by the arrival of Nelson P, Webster, astenogra-
pher from the Executive office at Washington.

ca movement at Ping-tu and accounts | ,olioitors in Belfast. While with them he and he didn't get the nomination. Col. Sanger One of President McKinley's callers to-day
of Russians creating @ disturbance @=°P€ ) studied also at Trinity College, Dublin, an un- | *8* elected to the Assembly four times, and | was Dr. J. Sanger of Manila, Philippine Islands.
the Chinese at Chefoo. Under date of June | ysual course for a Catholic to take, He mar- Gov, Roosevelt at one time had his name under | He said his call was purely social, but that mat-
9 the Rev. Mr. Elterich wrote from Chef0o | pied Miss Ellen Mulholland, daughter of | Consideration as Adjutant-General of the Na- | ters in the Philippines were freely discussed.

{n part as follows:
“Yesterday there were rumors that the ya-

men in Ping-tu, a district city forty miles east
of Weihien, had been burned, also the South-
ern Baptist Mission premises, and that the
whole country was in an uproar, We know
definitely that the Ping-tu officlale had gone
to settle the trouble between the Roman Cath-
ics and the Boxers and had been driven by

Joseph Mulholland, M. P,, of Belfast, and sister
of Miss Rosa Mulholland, the Irish poet and
novelist, Mrs. Russell before her marriage had
also acquired a reputation as a writer. They had
ten children, five sons and five daughters.
Soon after his marriage he removed to London
and entered hie name as a student at Lincoln's
Inn. He was admitted to the bar in 1859, and
in 1872, was made a

tional Guard. He is now in Europe as an agent
of the Federal Government to study Con-
tinental military methods.

Chairman Odell received a latter from his
young son, who is up in Richfleld Springs, con-
gratulating him upon having refused to take
the nomination for Governor. Mr. Odell's son
wrote: “I see by the newspapers that you have
declined to become a candidate for Governor.

The doctor calls San Francisco his home, but
for more than ten years he has been practising
medicine in the Orient. He lived in Manila for
alx years preceding the outbreak of the war and
he is now returning to that city.

“I had the pleasure of making the President's
acquaintance in Washington,’ he said. “I

came to the United States to protect my title to
roperty in the Philippines acquired under the

ol thirteen years later, 7 panish regime. I have also sought to interest
the latter to a place called Ku-hien, It looks | Queen's counsel. While making his way in the | ! think that this ts right. “That shows how American capital in Philippine enterprises as
as if the whole interior of the province will 9000 | jaw he for a time reported parliamentary | ™Y family feels about it,” said Mr. Odell. | Englishmen are already interested. The field,

“The author of that congratulatory letter is | 1 think, offers grand opportunities, I secured

be in a state of anarchy.

*The missionaries are full of praise because
of the efforts of the American Consul Hamilton
to bring tiem to the coast. The Governor
also has helped not a little by sending good
guards with the people to the coast,

“Yesterday afternoon a riot was etarted in
the community which might have been serious,
but was quelled in time by the Chinese officials,
A Russian firm ships hundreds of coolies to
Manchuria and Vladivostock About one
thousand were A

ted, it is said, :
dl aues of one or two Chinamen.

on board yesterday. row

by some of the sailors cut-

speeches. The first great case that brought
him into notice was the notorious Irish mar-

riage case, Yelverton vs, Yelverton, In which
Russell was oounsel for the wife. It
established his reputation as a cross-examiner,
and he was prequentiy employe? afterward in
sensational cases, He was usually Mr. La-
boucbére’s counsel in the jibe: suits brought
against Truth; he was counsel for Mr, Clement
Scott in his,suit against The /referee, and tor
Lady Cojn-Campbell in her divorce suit. He
detended Mrs. Maybrick, and was convinced of
her innocence in epite of the verdict. He was
one of the counsel for Great Britain before the
Court of Arbitration on the Behring Sea fishery
at Paris. His greatest triumph at the bar,

14 years old. There is no change in the Gov-
ernorship matter. Asa matter of fact. there is
hardly any situation. I have not heard from
Mr. Payne or his friends, and his seems to be
the most conspicuous name in the newspapers.
There really is no candidate in particular now.
The fleld ia open.”’

Chairman Odell spent last night at Manhattan

Beach with Senator Platt. The Senator was
asked what he thought of the present situation
asfar as the candidates forthe Republican
nomination for Governor were concerned. In
the course of the conversation answering the

an option on eleven estates, the income of which
fs $8,000,000 annually. I find many men with
money willing to invest, but they will not do so
eountil afterelection, They fear the results in
the islands should Bryan be elected.

“There is no longer real war in the Phillp-
pines. Thereis still some guerrilla fighting by
one tribe kept up in the hope that Bryan will be
elected, but by most of the tribes and on most
of the islands government by the United States
is favored.

“Il think Bryan's campaign cry {s alla bluff;
he wouldn't surrender the islands if he was
elected; the nation would not allow it.”

The doctor also tpoee of the commercial ad-
vantages and of the richness of the islands in

|
ting off the qu c i x 2 ll manner of products. Self-gove ent he
as al once Starte itheir queues | however, was his management of the case of | Question he said that so far there seemed to be | 4 of pi ie governmen

eto be ' at off a. a cee The } Mr. Parnell against the London Times and his | No situation and the fleld was open to everyoneg | recards as absolutely impracticable because of
a « made for the store and began to attack | Showing up ofthe Pigott forgeries. “Congressman Payne and Lieut.-Gov. Wood- | the numerous tribes and their disagreements.
the “otto cof the company, The foreigners After two unsuccessful attempts he was | ruff seem tobe the most prominent candidates | He said not one tribe would consent to a gov-
hes lad ollt with their rifles and the gun- | elected to Parliament for Dundalk in 1880 | talked about just at present.” said Senator ernment administered by another

were oan’ lled the marines to be ready to land and later sat for South Hackney. He was a/ Platt, “but we have not given up all idea of Mr. ihe weather continues hot. In srite of this
Dok ee ice. The crowd increased | Home Ruler as a matter of o urse. In 1886 Mr. | Odell being nominated for Governor, although | 8nd the rush of work the President is keeping

at a moment's noulce
to several thousand, Those of us who could
speak Chinese tried to calm the people until
ne Officials came, Who scattered the crowd.”
Under date of July 4. Mr, Elterich tells of
the rescue party conducted by the Rev, George
Cornwell to bring the missionaries at Tung-
chow, fifty-five miles northwest of Chefoo, to

 

Gladstone on forming his third administration
made him his Attorney-General, when he was
knighted, and he resumed the office on the re-
turn of the Liberals to powerin 1802. Asa
pariiamentary orator.he fell below the expecta-
tions that had been formed from his career at
the bar. He introduced the Innovation on be-
coming Attorney-General of giving up his

Mr. Odeil bas determined not to be a candidate,
and bis determination is well known to all the
leaders of the party throughout the State. The
State convention, when it meets, may demand
his nomination and force him to accept it,
There seems to be a strong sentiment in (he or-
ganization for Mr. Odell.”

“tlave you any preference among the candi-

up well and tells all ol his callers that he is feel-
ing well. Whenever uncomfortable elsewhere
he enjoys a roomy rocking chair on the poreh,
where there is most always a breeze. Mrs,
McKinley is also doing well here and is sid to
bein much better heaith than she has enjoyed
for along time. This is largely attributed to
being in her own home and among her old

Now made complete by the addition of
the latest Uneeda Product—

Uneeda

Milk

Biscuit

So crisp and flaky they meltin yourmouth. Try
some on a hot day in a bowl of cold milk if you
want a really enjoyable lunch. Packed in the
same wonderful package that keeps all Uneeda
products so fresh and good.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

BRYAN’S TALK A MERE MASK |

owned, became war, And for that war Mr

Bryan ts more responsible than any other

 

  

" — = i.
break, "which Agmnaldy disclaimed’ and. als: | PLAN OF ROOSEVELT
| a

Uneeda
Graham Wafer

Uneeda
Milk Biscuit

—

TOUR

 

the coast. The women and children were S ‘ ies, friends dit yhich al ofl ” , ,

; anne an \ eian Maru, but | Private practice, which, it was said, | dates?’ was aske . ids, a condition whic so benefiis the| HOAR CHARGES HIM WITH CAUSING | « sala Deraon & » tk a . ° , ' > »
en rte ‘stay sneer copending was then worth $125,000a year to him. The “I haye not expressed any yet,'’ said the Sen- President, WAR ON FILIPINOS. cues person ince the treaty left thehandsof | STATES En w HICH THE GOVERNOB
n the Chiliese gunboat Hai-chi’ to protect | Attorney-General’s salary is $35,000 year with | ator. “The Republicans who are sentas the a “I did myself, in my humble way, everything PROPOSES TO SPEAK, *
on the Chi Soon after | accredited representatives of Republican con- M'GUIRE 18 FOR COLER. seas ere " >. I do not _

them. Later they were compelled to seek
safety on the Chinese gunboat and were taken

down to Chefoo. Mr. Elterich writes that the

fees usually exoeeding that sum.
Mr. Gladstone's retirement from the Premier-
ship Lord Rosebery, in May, 1874, appointed Sir
Charles Russell a Lord Justice of Appeal in Or-

stituencies will nominate the man they think
beat. Various candidates have been mentioned
for the nomination. Gov. Roosevelt has sug-

Thinks He Would Get the Independent Vote

The Senator Says That by Helping to Ratify
the Treaty of Paris He Is More Responsible

in my power to prevent the treaty
understand that any opponent of imperialism
charges me with failing to do my full duty as
did it

He Was in Town Yesterday, but Had No Com
ferences With Republican Politicilans—Had

Hai-chi Wes about to be seized by a Russian | ; o iy, n if He Ran for Governor, Than Any Other Man—McKinley Had to Do | a Senator, both by vote and speech. I Expected to Consult Wt Es

gunboat, but the captain of the Oregon had dinary, in succession bo Lord Bowen, who had eet, os-sudge foe malt of 4°, " sf as He Has Done and Bryan Is to Blame for | 2¢ the cost of what was as dear to me as my er ; About the ry BI Tee ——_

faken her under his protection, because of died, when he was made a life peer with the ppeals. ov oosevelt an nis friends SYRACUSE, Aug. 10.—Mayor MeGuire declared : life-—the approval and sympathy of men who a ou sa rd Gardiner Case.
. 1 title of Baron Russell of Killowen in the county | have been suggesting a number of can- It—Anti-Impertalism Talk a Subterfuge, ; . sf Abn} co

har protecting our missionaries at Tung- to-day that he is oandid f } had been my friends and political companions Gov. Roosevelt came up to this city rd.

Py ad the valuable assistance she had | of Down, The limitation of the peerage to his | didates. I think the convention will nominate | '-@ay that he is not a candidate for Governor, Boston, Aug. 10.-Senator Hoar has made | for more than. thirty. years. Everything 1 a. Geahan A apeteinn 4

Seiad d life is sald to have been at Sir Charles useell's | as its candidate a man who has been activein | and that he ts in favor of the nomination of ote Care ; tried to do was broug t to naught by the a- from his home in Oyster Bay for the purpose

reodered him, and would not allow it,
On July 5 Mr, Elterich wrote as follows con-
cerning the situation at Chefoo:

own desire, as he was opposed on principle to
hereditary peerages. The general use of the
name of the place erected into a barony has

the Republican organization, aman who has
served his party within the organization, I
don’t think that because a man has been active

Comptroller Bird 8 Coler of New York, as the
emocratic candidate
“T believe,”’ he said, “that Coler would attract

a@ vigorous reply to Mr. Bryan's speech of ac-
ceptance. He practically accuses Mr. Bryan

of hypocrisy in the part he played in securing

tion taken by Mr. Bryan, an action taken against
the remonstrance of the wisest leaders in hts
own party.

of consulting his physician in regard to the
condition of his throat, When he arrived here

Gov, Roosevelt said that he didn't expect to see

“The native officials are doing all they can to ‘J ; df
ssorve order, and now quite a number of | been due to the necessity of distinguishing him | in the party and has wcrked for ita success that | the votes of the great body of independent “at » treaty “He Is not to get the reward of th : ;
fative business men have tesued a proclama- | from other Lord Russolle—Earl Russell and the | fact, should bea bar to his seeking political | yoters in the State, which, taken with the vote | [he Fatification of the treaty with Spain and | ie y can help it, 1 do not give ie ey coe any politicians during his stay and that he would

tion exhorting the people not to have any-
thing to do with the Boxers and to do all they
can to preserve order, Several of our native
evangelista have come in from the country
and state that the country is full of rumors
and that preaching was practically impossible,
So far none of our native Christians have been
severely persecuted.”
The Rev, Paul D. Bergen writes from Tsin-tau,
near Chefoo, under date of July 7, a3 follows
concerning an expedition organized by him-
self for the relief of the Presbyterian mission-
aries at Weihien:

‘Mr. Schmidt, a railway engineer, and my-
elf, after we had learned that the authori-
ties at Chefoo could not send a rescue party,
organized a relief force of some fifteen men
all mounted, and set out to do what we could
for our friends in need. The trip occupied a
week, Within twelve miles of Wethien we
met some carts from the town. The men told
us that our friends had already left under
escort of one hundred Chinese wener on their
way to Kiat-schow and that it would be dan-
grrous to wo further, On the route we nar-
rowly avoided an encounter with 300 Chinese
troops {in Kaomi city, which would have been
our destruction, In another village we were
fired on several hours during the night while
stopping in the town, the walls saving us,
however, from injury. In two other villages

younger sons of the Duke of Bedford. A few
weeks later, on the death of Lor Coleridge,
Lord Russell was made Lord Chief Justice of
England. The fears that he might not provea
a good Judge were unfounded. He proved one
of the best criminal Judges on the Queen's
Bench. He began by instituting reforms and
doing away as fast as he could with abuses and
red tape. institution of the new court for
commercial cases is due to his efforts anda
number of other practical reforms, such as a
more sensible arrangement of the vacation and
assize business of the Judges of the Appeal
Court are under way. Outside of his regular
judicial] functions Lord Russell, after the sud-
den death of Lord Herschell, served as one of
the British ariitrators in the decision of the
Venezuela boundary question last year.

In spite of the professional and political de-
mands on his time Lord Russell was fond of
society life and took a great share in it. He
was one of the most popular en jn the United
Kingdom. He kept up his interest in horse
racing and other sports after his elevation to
the bench. He played a good game of whist
and his astonishing energy and strength en-
abled him to make time for his pleasures as well
as his business. He may not rank among the
great lawyers, but he certainly has attained a
distinction of his own, both at the barand on
the bench, matnty that of applying the prin-
ciples of common sense to the management and

preferment or high office. 1 am opposed to the
nomination of aman who considers himself
better than the party. I might kick against the
nomination of a man for the office of Governor
who is not recognized as an organization man.”

Mr. Woodruff called on Mr, Odell tn the
morning at headquarters and had a long talk
with him, Inthe course of it the nomination
of the Hon, Jacob Worth for Congress {n the
Fifth district was mentioned. party of
Germans had_ visited Mr. Odell to protest
against Mr. Worth's nomination, but ft is
understood that Mr. Worth will be the choices
ofthe convention, After Mr. Odell had talked
to Mr. Woodruff the latter said that he was not
a candidate for Governor in the sense that he
was actively seeking it but that he was in the
hands of his friends and that he would not re-
fuse the honor ifit snould be offered to him.
It was eaid that Mr. Woodruff would like to
have the demand for him originate in some
county other than Kings.

Asa result of the talk between Mr. Odell and
Mr. Woodruff it was said last night that Senator
Davis would be renominated in the Fourth Sen-
ate district of Kings county, and that Assem-
blyman DeGraw would not get the plum

Assemblyman 8.8. Slater of the Thirty-first
district, who isthe most likely candidate for the
Senate nomination in the Nineteenth district,
was another of Mr. Odell's callers.

Bim the Button Man, who has amassed a for-

that would be cast for any Democratic candi-
late, would easily insure his election.”
SARATOGA, Aug. 10. Mayor Van Wyck arrived
here this evening, but his appearance created
not a flutter and his statement that he is here
for rest will be wenerally believed. Richard
Croker has new political troubles owing to the
declaration of Mayvor McGuire in favor of Coler
or Governor, It was the belief this after-
noon that MoGuire's sentiments were in-
spired by Hill. Asa matter of
fact his announcement was feared and expected
by the leaders, who are now thoroughly con-
vinced that Hill has McGuire under his wing.
Coler's conference with Hiilin New York, fol
lowed aoon by MeGuire's declaration for Coler
and his own withdrawal from the race, are
events intended to arouse the ire of Mr. Croker.
The latter continues in his usual sphinx-like
state, but an occasional remark from Senator
Grady or some other lieutenant shows how he
feels toward the fam ly disturbers,

Mr. Croker has engaged a auite of conference
rooms at the Grand Union Hotel and will take
possession to-day. He will not eat or sleep at
the Union, but will continue to stay at Com-
missioner Scannell’s. For political purposes he
prefers to be more convenientiy situated, es-
pecially as the ‘ime approaches for the State
Committee meeting

The new boom of Mayor Conrad Diehl of

Bullalo has been boosted along at a great rate

his subsequent campaign against imperialism,
To a reporter who called on him at his home
in Worcester last night Mr. Hoar sald:

“The anti-imperialism of Mr. Bryan and
that of his party is but a mask—it is a mask
to cover the things they have had most at heart
from the beginning ~it Is a mask to cover their
purpose to establish the free coinage of silver,
a mask to cover their purpose to pring in free
trade, a musk to cover their purpose to over-
throw the banking system, @ mask to cover an
attack on the Supreme Court, and a purpose
to reorganize it if they can get the opportunity,

“A very considerable number of the Judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States
are old men. It is not at all impossible that
the majority of the court may be changed
during the term of a single President. Long
appointed, I believe, a majority of both courts
of Massachusetts during his three years’ ser-

mistake not, much younger men, If Mr.
Bryan shall be elected he will bring his party
into power with him the party which is at

dence in this matter,

“He says that if he is selected he shall call
an extra session at once and propose to Congress
to give up the Philippines to their own people,
He is too intelligent not to know very well that
this talk is the idlest and most ridiculous non-
sense. He knows he could not expect either
house of Congress 1o do this thing until the
people of the P Uippine Islands have abandoned

heir opposition and have established an orderly

government under our protection. He knows
that if there should be a Democratic major-
ity in the House of Representatives equal
to his wildest hopes, and if the Republican ma-
jority in the Senate should be reduced to two,
or wiped out altogether, so that it should be a
tie—which is, I suppose, beyond his most san-
guine expectations—there are still earnest and
pledged {mperialists enough in the Democratic
party to prevent any such action. Does he
expect Morgan and Pettus of Alabama, after
their State has indorsed their position 90 trie
umphantly--does he axpect Sullivan of South
Carolina, McEnery of Louisiana, Jones and
Stewart of Nevada, or others that I could narne
to swallow everything they have said publicly
for the last four years?”

 

BRYAN PLANNING HIS CAMPAIGN,

Norman E. Mack KRecomes a Member of the

«o back to Oyster Bay by an early train. The
Governor had expected to meet Attorney-
General Davies at the Fifth Avenue Hotel in
order that Mr. Davies might have an oppor-
tunity tosay a few words in regard to the charges
against District Attorney Gardiner, but the
Attorney-General telegraphed early in the
morning that he would be unable to get way
from Albany.

When Gov, Roosevelt was questioned about
the charges against the District Attorney he
said that he would wait for a few days to see
whether Mr. Davies wanted to make any fur-
ther argument in the matter, and that if Mr.
Davies did not wish to take advantage of the
opportunity he would announce his decision
very soon. The Governor indicated that he
had already made up his mind In regard to the
charges and was ready to make his decision,

and that all he wanted to do was to give
opportunity to Mr, Davies to be heard if
wished to be. Gov. Roosevelt said that he
wired to Mr. Davies to fix another date for the
consultation, and that he had asked the At-
torney General whether he wished to have the

we were fired on as we passed without the | gettiement of eases. It was hoped that he | tune by guessing on the probable action of | hy the German-Americans to-d ’ his ont engaged in contriving with hearing public. He expects to get_a repl

‘ ; 5 ° Y ay. Mr Croker | this moment engaged In contriving with mas- ' i y
flightest provocation, On our return we met | would be able to clear away much rubbish that | State and national conventions in) making | hasreceived letters aid telegrams and lonw- | terly ingenuity the disfranchisement of 10,000,- National Execative Committee rom him to-day a le gree Oyster Bay, .
7 ; : . iw Governor had piannec oO eitertain e

Chalfant and party of mission-

the Rev. F. H
From the party we

aries who had arrived safe,

still clogs the administration of the English law.
His success in life did not spot! him; he contin-

nominations, is telling his friends that he has in-
vested all his money in Woodruff buttons for

distance telephone messages urcing Diehl as
the only man who can get the German vote and

000 of Americans at home.

Cricico, Aug. 10.—-It was a lively day in the

ee secret SS SSNS

Attorney-General and the Franchise Tax
Commission at his home to-day, and to hold

learned that Mr. Chalfant, single-handed, stood | yed to the end the keen, bright, gen use between now and the State convention. It} gay > ickey “ 8 -e somethi etter these | Democratie natio i " M

of a mob of perhaps one thousand for over witty Irishman, with no nonsense about pins will be remembered that Bim once made a mis- or Pianeition’ Gor ks cen en ee — al “a 3 ; o : = : he ° , t the * coed CORES ED Col. Bryan a conference in regard to the operation of the
two hours, hurrying from one point to another | that he was atthe beginning. Throughout his | take in aninvestment of this Kindand that Col. | nursing at present. It will, bis friends declarations against imperialism from the | was at the Auditorium, Charles A, Towne | new franchise tax law. The Tax Commis-
as necessity commanded. but waiting in vain, | jife he was a devout Catholic and deeply inter- | Abraham Gruber at that time said his nama | ere sey, he revived when he arrives. | candidate who secured the passage of the | arrived in the morning and paid his respects | sloners, however, were obliged to cancel the
though in anguish, for official help. ested in the progress and welfare of his Church, | ought to be changed to “Bum, the Bitten Man.” | Diehl is ‘put forward as a much stronger | treaty and baffled all efforts L was able to | to the standard bearer of the Democratic party, | (D&*eement. Another date will be fixed for

‘There is a ray of hope in the attitude said | He visited the United States toxics, first in bbidincssecienieaeiaas and safer man than Mackey. He is alleged | mak nat it batore | ay is ' \ party. | their visit to Oyster Bay.
ty have been taken by the great Viceroys, | 1883 before he hed taken any official position to be neither a pronounced Hill nora Croker | ™2*© aauinst !t before 2 am ready to purchase | Stevenson, too, was in the city. git Vielt 0 Qy star Bey. as to Senator
Chang Chih Tung, Lui Kun Yi and Li Hung | at the opening of the Northern Paoiffe Railroad OBITUARY. man. Frederick Cook of Rochester {a still pos- | his election at the cost of having a government Col, Bryan will stay in Chicago for a few days, penne yenteraes +. tentative, campaign
4 tinerary for Gov, osevelt, DP

Chang and our Shantung Governor, Yuan
Shih Kui, who declare that they do not recog-
nize Prince Tuan as their rightful ruler and
will use every effort to reinstate Kwang-su
on the throne and to overcome the Boxers,
As this is exactly contrary _to Tuan policy
whieh is that of aiding the Boxers, it may leac
to civil war.”

The Rev. Henry V. Noyes, a Presbyterian
missionary at Canton, wrote to the board on
July 4 that it was quiet at Canton, He says:

"Encouraging news from south China ts
that three powerful Viceroys have notified
the foreign Consuls that they refuse to racoge-
nie Prince Tuan, whom they stvle as the re-,
bel Emperor. A great many of the Chinese

 

 

 

 

and again in 1896 when as Lord Chief Justice of
England he attended the meeting of the Armer-
ican Bar Association at Saratoga, and delivered
an address on “Arbitration.”

He had been seriously fll for about a fort-
night. He wastohave presided over a dinner
given by the British Bench and Bar to repre-
sentatives of the American Bench and Bar in
London, but was unable to he present and Lord
Chancellor Halsbury took his place, That was
the first public intimation that anvthing was
wrong with Lord Russell. He was 68 vears of
ace and had been Lord Chief Justice of England
six yearsand a littie over a month.

 

 

Word was received {n this city yesterday
of the death 'n Par's ten days ago of Jul'ette
Nesv'lle who was well known in this country
through her appearances with the Cialety
Theatre companies. She came here first in
1895 with the company thatappeared at Daly's
in “A Gaiety Girl” and returned three years

ago to appear at the Knickerbocker {n the
unsuccessful “In Town.” Miss Nesville was
born ‘n France and had sung in comic opera
only in Belgium and her own equntry until she
went to London in 1890 to sing at the Criterion
Theatre in “Miss Decima” as the English ver-

ing as a compromise candidate for the nomina-
tion. For Secretary of State the chances seem
to lle between William Hogie and William Bell
of New York. Jacob Rupper', Jr., of New York
can, by all accounts, have the nomination for
Comptroller, and no one {a here to protest
against putting up George M. Palmer of Scho-
harie for Attorney-General.

 

TEXAS

DEMOCRATS,

Riotous Convention at Waco Adjourns After
Naming a State Ticket,

Datias, Tex., Aug. 10-—-The riotous State

that will sympathize with the disfranchisement
of 10,000,000 of Americans at home, that will
stand for dishonoring the currency, for the
violation of national faith, for the overthrow-
ing of the banking system and the establishment
of an income tax, for assailing the integrity
of the Supreme Court, for sympathizing every-
where with Populism and Socialism, and which
will bea substitute for the prosperity which
has brought comfort into the homes of our
workinginen, which has cleared off the in-
debtedness of the farmer, which has brought

vice as Governor, though these were, if I |
|
|
|

perhaps a week, and during that time plans
of the campaign will be thoroughly discussed,
Col, Bryan will be in attendance at all important
conferences and will actively direct his own
campaign.

While his historio stumping tour of four
years ago will not be repeated, Col, Bryan will
make many speeches this fall if he satisfies
even a small fraction of the demands made

upon him. New York, through Norman F
Mack, has asked the Nebraskan for one entire
week this fall. in the morning Senator Jones
received a letter from J. M. Head of Tennessee

for a stumping tour to last forty-three daya,,
during which Gov. Roosevelt will speak’ in
Tlinols, Michigan, Wisconsin, North Dakota.
Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado,
Kansas, Nebraska, Missouri, Kentucky,
Indiana, Ohio and West Virginia. The trip
would begin in the first week in September,
and if this itinerary were adopted the Gover-
nor would expect to return to New York State
by Oct, 5 and devote the reat of the time be-
tween then and election dav to speechmaking
under the direction of the State Commitree,
Gov. Roosevelt's admirers in every county fn
New York State have applied to the State Come
mitteeforaspeech by him,and it is expected
that before election day he will visit every

Christians have moved to Hong Kong and BRYAN SENDS OUT A CALL. sion of “Miss Helyett” was called. Atthat time | Democratic Convention at Waco finished England herself to our shores f°, porrower, in which the Nashy ile man fendered his res- | eounty in the State
Macan a . aly ngli > ‘ us Ge owen 2 9 nation as a member of the nation Om-= ee. . ‘4 . >
4 letter received from Nodoa, Fiainan, dated | Wants All Democrats to Rally at Once for oly could barely apeak sagem ane Der mastery {ts labors and adjourned at 3 o'clock | cide, and established forever the independence mlttee, Mr. Head said that business a's Gov meneaver, Eeteraes Ho yee Bay at
roe a, and yritien by the Rev. William |. Campaign Work, taking part'In several musical ae aiing she | thia afternoon, The following State ticket | o! He eee eee ot bis comes fa ne petsonal, nature would prevent him from | eis not at all-alarned over the condition of
Verett, a Presbyterian missions > ; : “Mr. Bryan's devence ( procure v the visite r time . ete soe 8 : 4 Ne
Fs onan reny ber a menionary, we CHICAGO, Aug. 10 —The following appeal to proven Ber Sit 7.0 comedienne 'a euy Ar; - — oe Joseph D. ing the ratification of the treaty by which the | ernpe Pa vis Wrsswelen Rerun doesn his throat and simply Wents to be aure pes If
. y s ) . s " ‘ rer: r+ A al : . ‘ . c . a $ . ’ ! we etre rhe ‘ » comes f¢
band of robbers had assumed almost coui- | the Democrats of the country to get out and | givnn at the St. James Theatre in London, After | oe” astrop county; Lleutenant-Governor, | Philippine eee, vee J quired from Spaln | Jones at_once appointed Norman E. Mack of geacchunahing. Pe Ee ES SOE Tee se
Th Forel n Miss mead or the odor hustle for votes was issued from Democratio | her return. to England from this country, she | James =H. Browning = Potter = — county; | is ex: Imation ‘t 1 8 m ” ent. 7 ¢ ‘Senate wee | ie heed th St other than best aig al aaa
1 F gn Miss soar t i: one - ‘ Scent a examination for a moment. ne Senate was i inted that o siness re:
Bois ag” Mies wecel atl a leer tees National Headquarters to-day: gppeared = oS pee eae and in fereral oe: rte cin a Hill the strony: fortress, the West Point of the ope | ware © Rintes [06 eek eee “yprene PEPPER TO STUMP FOR M'KINLEY?
ev. John McKim, Bishop of Tokio, Japan, “To the Democrats of the United States; The fierad to the French stage and at the time county; Commissioner of Land, Charles Rogan, | ponents of imperialism. ‘The treaty by which ! was much rumored dissatiefaction over tho —a

stating the following women and children of |

Democratic party and its friends must meet the

of her death was in Paris making preparations

Brown county; Superintendent of Public In-

he people of the Finiiippine Islands were pur:

chased and the faith of the country was pler

fact that Senator Jones did not appoint a New

Report to That Effect Reaches Republican

the Shanghai an 4 r ¥ 4 < : ‘ a ra 1 ‘ we, ‘em « . 7
fons ha Rane sehen ee tase in forces of corruption and intimidation in politics to ap year in the Londen perrormancs of Mes- struction, é. 6. Kendall, Harrie county: Chief to pay $20,080,000 for sovereignty over sh oones pork oan to, tse Fars ee Committen. spt Bo Headqearters In Chicago.
osege ager & Veronique.” She was a widow about } Justice of Supreme Court, R. R. Gaines, Lamar of unwilling subjects, and by which on the | out of an embarrassing Position by sending in CHIcaao, Aug. 10. Fix-Senator Peffer of

Graves and two children, Mra. F. L. H.
tt and four children, Miss Mary Cartwright
With Mrs. F. C. Cooper's two children, Miss

this year by thorough organization. A Demo-
eratic club or society should be organized in
every city, town, village and precinot In the

a
thirty-five years old and leaves a young daugh-
ter

county; Associate Justica of the Supreme
Court, F. A, Williams, Galveston; Judge of the

faith of the country it was furth r pledged: thar |
Congress and not the people themselyes should
determine what disposal should be made of them,

his resignation, this making a place for an
astern man. The selection of Mr. Mack, who

ix proprietor of the Bufalo Vimea and a hard

Kansas will stump for McKinley this fall, aoe
cording tothe word received by a Republican

Steva L. Dodson, Miss Annette B. Ric ‘Men Wood died on Thursday in © ‘ ;
a of Shar shal: Miss Pauline. p ean, United States. Democrats and all who are in ane ie Sone ded oa ety © Cooee, Sri of Criminal Appeals, Sopa M. Hendereen, required the vote of two-thirds of the Senate | worker for the Democratic party, will, it is ex- | National Committeeman to-day. Efforts are
pate ta \ " Lawrence B. Ridgely and her | sympathy with the principles set forth in the | James Wood of Mount Kisco, President of the | aioner. L. J. Story, Colorado county. S* |] for ratification. The fees of pected, be well received. Mr. Mack at once | being made to secure tho services of Paul

Airs. Ty. Ogden: Miss Mary V. Glen- Westchester County Historical Society, Miss |" Jamea B. Wells ot Brownavillo was elected | Qhough of far more than one-third of the | acoepted the place on the Exeoutive Committee. Vander Wenter of Omaha, who was Commander

ton, M. D., of Wuchang, Miss Eliza L. McCook
# Hankow, Misa M.( Huntington of Wuchang,
wr Marnock of Shanghai and Miss Elizabeth

Oodof Wuchang. Since the letter was written

   

 

 

 

Kansas City platform are earnestly urged to
join Democratic clubs or, when none exist, to
assist in organiz.n@ them.

“This work of uniting the forces of law and

Wood, in company with her father and her
sister, Miss Carolina Wood, sailed from New
York July 14. They intended to visit Moscow
and St. Petersburg. Miss Wood was taken ill

chairman of the new state Executive Com-
mittee. Itis practically the unanimceus opinion
that the party has been naar injured [49 the
scandals aired in the convention. The breach

 

Senate against it was well known and freely
expressed.

“In this condition of things Mr. Bryan was
not content with a mere opinion He

forth all his power as a great party leader, the |

|
|
Senators
put
|

 

STEVENSON TO SUCCEED TOWNE.

 

Fall National Committee of

 

ofthe G. AR. in1s06andanardent supporter
of Bryan on the silver issue, He recently came
out for McKinley

Topeka, Kan., Aug. 10--Former Senator

 

 

 

the board has rex elved informe -" "
as Te a nation that all of |. ; . of typhold fever while at sea and when the ves- , » i t
ita men missionaries were safe at Shanghai. Hberty into one great systematized civic army | gel reached Copenhagen on Aug. 1 she was re- wetween ae eeene meee Hanon Bas been | last candidate of his party for the Presidency Called to Make th Sao Popullsts Peffer returned to the Republican party more
rhe Rev. Dr. Arthur 8S. Lloyd. secretary of | should becarr.edon simultaneously inevery part | moved to a pompitay where she died. She was and counter ae es made in the co ba aie and then rensonably sure to be the next candle e Change, thanayearago. He isinpo r health and his
the Episcopal Mission Board, received a letter | of the country and without delay. The friends | 38 ye old. fn the war with Spain the of- | Si Counter cut a tha parte's int ees On | date, to secure the ratification of the treaty, CHicaco, Aug. 10.—The N ational Populis | ftiencs here fear that he will be unable to go
yesterday from Bishop F, R. Graves at Shanghai | of government accordiug to the hitherto un- | ferad her services to the Government and was d perhe Stat y party's interests out- | Not content with w iting letters he came to | Co ittee will meet in Chicag ia on the stump this fei
dated July 6. He wrote, in part, as follows challenged American theory of political equal- | sent to Fort Hamilton, where she nursed sick | *!4¢° ate. Washington in person to overcome the reluct- mm t in Chicago on Aug. 27 to a
anit, exodus from Shanghai has eontinned | ity everywhere under our flag cann’t afford to soldiers coming home from Cuba. While she p ance of his followers ‘ Seventeen of them | Select a candidate for Vice-President to suc Republican Austro-Hangarians Organise,
leadily and the feeling that trouble is in the | be less zealous or toss active than the advocates | was engaged in the typhoid wards Miss Wood REFUSE TO BECOME ALLIES. voted for the treaty, of whom only four or | ceed Charles A, Towne of Duluth, resigned
alr has beer deepening, Woe were living in | of.an American © lonial empire supported by | was taken ill with fever herself, It is thought recites five at most had been previously known to be | Whe Mesculive Commies decided thi . A number of Austro-Hungarians met last evee
ale with an Imperial deerse to exterminate | rifles. No patriotic citizen can ignore the at- | that she never fully recovered from the attack. Silver Democrats and Popalists of Indiana to in its favor. He now sa.s that he thought the | . . Ms morn | ning at the Cafe Boulevard, 156 Second avenue.
Ui foreigners hanging over our heads and | tacks which are being made upon the very , ‘ = war would go on; that there was a doubt whether | ing that it did not have authority to fill the ganize an Austrian and Bohemian Repub
Gils notexscuted from the fact that the Yangste | foundation of our present irreproachable form | ,, Mrs. Harriet W. Brand, widow of John W. Work by Themselves, Spain would have ratified a treaty if it had been | vacancy on the ticket and so called a meeting | 0 °sanize an eee ee
leeroy stood out agair , f government. Brand, died on Thursday at her horne, 122 Jeffer- . s mended by inserting in it a provision like | n lican, League, which will look after the inter-
gainst doing so, In such | of @ ' , C INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 10.--The Silver Repub- | 8 & Dp n like | of the full committee. The select f Stey
& case of deep-seated popular disturbance | “This year every citizen should beapolitictan, | son avenue,Brooklyn,in her nine.y-seoond year, | * *NPIA® ee » that relative to Cuba. It was perfectly well | © vite gerection of Stevens | eats of McKinley and Roosevelt among the
sven they could not guarantee that sufety | Clubs and soo eties should atonce communicate | She was the daughter of Re Rev. Dr. Horan | licans and Populists of Indiana who support | known then, as il is now, from documents | Son is almost a foregone conclusion. It is said yotera of those nationalities in this city. The
eg pa uot as with aed, - the Navonal Association of ay Ry ym, {ees erst, Conn. Bryan have decided to conduct a separate cam- that had been made public and had goeen jon authority that two-thirds of the members | organization will make a careful canvass of the
opie ure leaving She al in suc’ - yermocratic Clubs, 1, rradway, New Yor ’ 7 » aS - sen in o ie = Senate, 1a Spain | Fan va (" me : | alte and will @ ‘ daa ;
bers that {t has been dimicut'to secure > oo City.” or ‘Western Headquarters, Room 32, passe in business in Lexington, Ky., and st, | Palen, and will soon organiza a bureau hera was compelled to do whatever the United | of the Eecutive Committec favor Stevenson | city 4 nd wi enrol! all of the vom ra of Austrian
yews from up-river is ot so encouraging, | Auditorium, Chicago,’ so that the united mem- ouls, He brought the first bagging machin; | and work independently forthe national ticket. | States exacted of her and that her commis- | to succeed Charles A. Towne. fr meen vay mea cone
Oo ar , : ° » ° , . y i . . poms lu 16 Pp “ uh ath ert
penpi we fleeing from Wauchang and Nankin | bership may Wore overemes cally, 1B defence of ory Trem, Doorend 50 Se count ng beiped This action is taken as aresult of the refusal of ponerse, euppensly 80 i jared A change In addition to reaching this deciston in the i ere 7 -. Cane ae jor ie
aw SUUNtry e republic as the |athers made + " . j wou lave been agreed to in two days up | : . 5 oes - ;
” No one can forecast the future, but there are whe fi Demorrat c committees, State and looal, | survived by nine of her thirteen children, the local Democratio managers to assign the & roquest by. ur Government communi staal | Vice-Presidential matter the Executive Com. | treated as a part of the German-American cone
in that the revolution eannot be confined | are requested to aid the National Assoctation of | thirty-eight grandchildren, fifty great-qrand- | Silvef Republicans and Populists places in the | to her across the ocean by cable. Mr. Bryan | mittee officially decided upon Lincoln, Neb, as | Ungent dk
At North, and will involve the South also, | Democratic Clubs in this work. children — and one creat-gres|-grandchild, campaign. While it may not weaken Bryan, it | says he thought that a resolution like that | the place for the headquarters of the National | .
Ot any Tate, even if we are spared the frightful “WU. BRYAN Thomas Ennis, who served for twenty years | je certain totake many votes from the Demo- | offered by Mr. Bacon would be passed after- aed decided . Sallivan County Republicans for Odell,
AP ences of the North, we shall see a period “A. E. BTEVENBON, in the old Board of Assessors in Brooklyn, died | cratic State ticket, and will weaken the party | ward, which would do as well. But every cares * Chi cea 70 estabieh braneh Monrice.LLo, N, Y., At 0. The Republi
the. 1” deepest unsettlement, As for work in “J. K. Jones, Chairman National Democratio | yesterday at the home of his son, Thomas A. | jn several Congress districts, Before Chairman | man who knows anything about the Consti- | headquar 2a Hy uCago on the story of the MONTICELLO, N, Y., Aug. 10. The Republi-
oe country, that is stopped, To mect in the | Commitiee, innis, 800 Park place, in his sixty-fifth year, Jones le't he m't a committee of Silver Repun- | tution knows that by the Constitution a treaty Aud torium, ul 4 ever f ve I emoeratic National | can County Convention of Sullivan county, met
‘ore be to make the people a mark for their “W. Ro Hearst. President National Assocta- | Before becoming an assessor, he represented | jjcans and Po ul sts, consisting of James B, | becomes the law of the land. It the law of hie acquertere. k Naeetairaiit te Edmiston and atthe Court House this afternoon and chose
oe Hors, so that outside of Shanghai ail | tion of Democratic Clubs the Fifth ward in the Board of Aldermen and | (Cheadle, F. J. VanVorheis, C. E. Weir and two | strongest obligation, because @ngress not | Secretary d. A. Edgerton willbe inchargeof the | delegates to the State and Senatorinl conven-
seat Aurehes will suffer, The Northern missions "Chicago, 1U,, Aug. 10, 1900." was also Assistant City Clerk for a few years. | or three others. They laid their grievanoos be- | only dev lares it to be the law of (Me land, but | samen Wena f s nuaere Ra tater i” | Hons A resolution was unanimos y adopted
thar tht (© have been swept away, 1 hear ee He had long been active in Democratic poli- | fore bim, but he wave them no satisfaction. | pledges the faith of the Government and the | C@g0 Will be in charge of the local headquarters. | indopsing the proposition to nominate B. B,
ne =/) sotne Christians recanted, the most tics in the Twenty-fifth ward, He was a mem- | They asked him to keep a sharp lookout on the | people. Such a resolution passed by the Sen- The Populists conferred with the Democratic | Odell, Jr, for Governor
Disverred death ait Convention of Democratic Clabs Postponed. | ber of the Constitution Club and the Thomas | [ndiana end of the campaign, and declared that | ate would have been the merest and idlest | ad Silver Republican leaders at the Auditorium anemanes ;
One Jefferson Club. He leaves three sona, the Democratic managers were sacrificing | mockery Without the assent of the House of | this afternoon in reference to the Idaho matter 2

“rious feature of the situation

 

er t left from which to claim an
: | feos ou may eX-
Sous, and We men will in all cases

SUP pose

    

Olect the p ro ( y ar . ay n » > P
at i one Ca long % mr others, requesting the postponement gn jhe ing been the heaviest tax payer in Sabine former owner and editor of the Newburgh Reg- a lawful’ Lazisinture, on the plea that he | w the selection of Stevenson as Townes ow When the hair tS gray or faded ft ;
: . . ground that an early date would check the for- eenkal: ii — . 7 tater, has bought an interest in Mavor MeGuire's to stop the war, § x pect ar. | COSSOT
re 1 {isUre feet arin he | mation of new clubs. pitigterick dg Poveter Whitmarsh died at | Siracuse Duty Telegram aod will take charue | Nonted, to, ston the war, and expected afters | bol BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR.
eg $ annually expended In taeGannine eumption.’ He had been there four weeks, | 0! the paper at once He ls a Hill Democrat, | other house of British Parliament granting | Third Ticket Convention P It prevents Dandruff aud hair falling
Considuran ne irance fund. The amounts are Col, Graber Gives a Picnic, Mr. Whitmarsh was born in New York city in | &%4 ror meet peers nes nat the head of that | ys independence. The war with Spain was | rogramme, and keeps the scalp clean and healthy,
and ina. ase like fre now expended inthisway, | Col. Abraham Gruber, Republican leader in 1834, He was the gon of Richmond “ hitmareh wing of the party hi gver W ° had ho mae Frese ; Mi ciney The bosses of the Third Ticket Convention,
Bich a wide. he preseut there would not be Wie distri cs and J. Cornelia de Peyster. © Was in the em- Cecared URain ANG AMAT, to Any ining 1 the | which is to be held on Tuesday at Indianapolis, | =
Thee “5 OSS the Twenty-first Assembly istrict, gave a ploy of Benjamin H. Field and, since the latter's Senator Foraker to Speak In Jersey City. Philippines but the city of Manila At that z Dols,
son pra Ne of the Protestant Episcopal mia- | monster pienie to the women and children of | death, the Benjamin H. Field estate at 127 y point in came Mr Bryan and got all that were | have decided on a programme for their m et-
‘Property in China is estimated at $267,850. | the district yesterday. Two of theIronSteam- | Water street, New York. He was never mar- | United States Senator Foraker of Ohio will | needed «of his followers to force through the | ing. The Third Ticket folks will meet and ad-
. ried. A sister, now in Europe, survives him, deliver an address before the convention of the | Senate a treaty whieh made lawful our owner- | journ. The Anti-lmperials's meet in conven-

New Automobile Abandoned,

The quadrennial convention of the National

as well us the State leaders of

nationa. leader
Hearst had received telegrams

Indiana. Mr
from Bryan and Stevenson as well as many

 

boats and a amaller stearboat carried 6,500

women and children fron. the foot of West

Kittle bend of thirteen Democrats who kept up
a Vigorous fight against the Republican State
administration. He leaves a large estate, hav-

James W. Leatherbee, of the Pioneer Lumber

A Hill Editor for Mayor McGuire's Paper.
Newsuron, Aug. 10.—Francis A, Willard,

 

New Jersey State Republican League, which

————_ Sit

  

had given up
the British and had ir duced the Continental
Congress to declare tuat King George was our
lawful severiegn and the British Parliament

shipof the »)oleof the Philippines and pleaged

the faith of the country that we should pay for |

  

| entire committer

It is almost certain that the meeting will result

they knew nothing about bim. He will be on
hand, it is believed, for the meeting of the

and willl voice his protest

tion on Wednesday in Intianapolis, and the |

Third Ticket folks willtry te fet the Antis to

 
   

 

 
 
    
 
 

r property ia burned, we shall lose t , vs] arbee died Bryan's friends among Silver Republicans and | Representatives and tl President, neither ;
° f fy Yemoc Clubs. nally se The Hon. Leslie Barbee died at Fort Jesup, : | ‘ | uBio t , P
{hy personal property of the Association 0 Democratic Clubs, originally set Sabine parish, La, on Thursday, sace 1p Populists in order to secure the Gold Demo- ! of which could be obtained | in p fusion In pat Brats ARKER’S
tnd the buildings and belongings | for Sept.5 at Indianapolis, has been postponed He was the oldest settler in the parish, having | cratic vote “I said the Senate was to the opponents of | " tee ° eh Nhe of ,penator Butler, chatr- |
ion | Me on the same footing 4 | until Oct. 3. W. R. Hearst, President of the moved there from North Carolina sixty yeare The Demorratir managers refuse to discuss Imperialisn wh it W eat Pp int was to our fathers man o : a 5 s e shone Konmaities, seen s |
tal. Insuranee here does not | wational Association of Democratic Clubs, an- | ago He was the first Democratic represen. | the subject! or give any reason for throwing the | in the Revolution Ir Bryan's conduct ts hn neat . De ica ne a3 e londay nient, AIR
ose 9 Ania} i 7 © \ and wWhea | nounced the postpovement yesterday and ex- | tative elected to the Louisiana Lewislature in aliles” overboard . S at |e Mer or hee oe ne gegen cae, Tar Mina for ¢ nt ig ite ' a hot ‘appeared G B
Sis tinished there will ap > ; je , rons . nae. 6 » les sromsenentaiay a great leader o w people like ishingtor merece pe Te 4 ye Appearac
= i wre will apparently | pained that it was due to the desire of the | reconstruction times, and the leader of the or Greene, West Point to ihe and members of the Executive Committee say ow ALSAM

Promotes the growth of the hair and
gives Itthe lustre andsilkiness of youth,

  
 

 

Standard remedy for Gleet,

   

Gonorrhara and Runnings

 
      

  
   

|
An abandoned electric : y 0; Is) Dealers of Bust “dat Nahant, M y rc |
n 1d aleotric automobile was found | Nimety--ixth street up to Oscawanna Island, rs of Boston, died at Nahant, Mass,, yes- | will he held in Jersoy City on Sept. 18. Senator | them and that Congress thereafter should leg- in th aking nominatio ? s |
Mt Beventyerhiid street and Sreades ° st where a shore dinner was served. Col Gruber | terday, aged 77. He was one of the well-known | Foraker placed President McKinley in nomina- islate for thera, and, according to many lite will do this the third Tirket reople “Ay eae | bpbydey es AA we ding
tent and taken to the W 7 brought them all home safe. One of the events | Leatherbee brothers, lumber merchants, but | tion at the Philadelohia Convention, ashe did | Constitutional authorities, made it the duty | u their convention and go over to the other in | ey Oe Ceeneet eee
Station. It Tan chen West Sixty-elghth street of the day was the photographing of Col Gruber | for the past few years had been retired from | at the St. Louis Convention in 1896, He Js | of the President tu reduce them to submission. | a ody. Ifthe Antis wont inake the nomina-
+ - and new machine, Up tot | with @ piccaninny jn one arm anda white baby | active business life. He leaves three daughters | spending the summer at Silver Lake, N. J, “That act was itself a declaration of war | tions then the Jhird licket folks will go it | ny positively cure |. New discovery. I
DEAFWESSiic3 free. P.O. Bos 568 Ardmom

here was no claimant for it.

in the other,

@ad two sons,

esterday he was in town for a few moments,

upon the people of the Philippines, and the

alone,

i
‘
|