<—

Wer Saws

 

i

5 eRe

Jem

ee

ee

PT LE: Ee Sees

a

SE ST

I IR LET IS Ee ECT To cae oe

© RS Tee cere

 
  

    

  

“Will somebody bring a United States Marshal

here atonoe? [ wanta United States Marshal,
Mr. Kelloge@ was quiet at once He sat down

and simply glared through his glasses ut every

 

ROW AT GAYNOR NEARING.

.

 

 

CAPT. CARTER'S FATHER-IN-LAW body in the room, Everybody else was quiet
} y / The Commissioner suid in a moderate tone:
SPRUNG AB A WITNESS. | “I may have to have somebody arrested

“Let me suy,” said Mr. Stimson, “that Mr,
Westcott is my personal client and that I am

 

 

 

Gen, Wood's Tour Preliminary to the Election
of Constitutional Convention Delegates,
Special Cable Despatch to TUR SUN.

Havana, Aug. 10.—Governor General Wood
was enthusiastically received upon reaching
Matanais, for which city he started yesterday.
He consulted with the Mayor and other mem-
bers of the city government and the | olitical
Jeiders regarding the coming elections. He
found that many of the leaders were inclined to
elect radical revolutionists as members of the
Constitutional Convention. Ie warned them
that the island necded good men as dv laxzates,
Gen, Wood will start almost linmediately ona
trip around the island. He will be accompanied
by Secretary of State Tauayo and Sefior Li-
coste. The trip will be made in the Viking.
Sefiores Tamayo and Lacoste will aid Gen,
Woed in pressing on the people the need of
care!ul selection of delegates to the convention,
Gen, Woo! says that his main object ts to talk
with the people of all sections of the island, and
with men of all the political parties, and to im-
press upon them thatif the oonvention {s not
composed of good men it Is not likely that the
constitution which will be drafted will be of
such anature 48 to secure and perpetuate a
stable government, The Cubans, he says, will

be the main suffer vs if through a bad selection
of delegates the e vention should not giv > the
good resuits ho ed for. He will urge that
politics be plaw 4 after good character and
ability in the chi ce of delegates,

TO DINE ON A PARK LAWN.

Plans for Welcoming and Feasting the Cabaa
‘Teachers,

The 1,820 Cuban schoolteachers now in this
country are coming to this city from Washing-
ton on Aug. 20, On the day of their arrival
President Low will entertain them at Colum-
bia University and on Aug. 21 Actine Mayor
Guggenheimer will receive them in behalf of
the elty in Central Park. As soon as he got
word that the teachers were coming the Acting
Mayor yesterday communicated with Charles
R. Eddy and asked for suggestions as to the
best way of entertaining them. He said after-
ward that Mr. Eddy and other merchants in
the Cuban trade would contifoute what was
necessary to make the affair a success. The
Acting Mavor will make his speech of weleome
in Central Park and thon, if Park Commissioner
Clausen is willing, a dinner forthe 1320 teachers
will be served on one of the park lawns, Aftor
the dinner the guests will be taken to the Art
and Natural History museums and to Grant's
Tomb. President O'Brien of the Board of
Ednueation has been asked to make a speech
aud he may ask the teachers to visit the Nor-
mal College.

 

NO HABEAS CORPUS FOR NEELY,

Jadge Wallace Dentes His Motion and He Ap-
peals to the Supreme Conrt,

Judge Wallace in the United States Cireujt
Court yesterday denied the application of John
D. Lindsay for a writ of habeas corpus on behalf
of Charles F. W. Neely, whose extradition to

Cuba for trial in connection with the 'Post Office
frauds was consented to by Judge Lacombe
last Wednesday, The writ was asked for on
various grounds, the principal one of which
was that the act of June 6, 1900. was unconsti-
tutlonal. That point has already been passed
upon by Judge Lacombe. Another conten.
tion was that the act did not confer upon a
Cirenit Judge jurisdiction to entertain extra-
dition proceedings,

In den ving a motion for a writ Judge Wallace
remanded Neely to the custody of Marshal
Henkel pending tha decision on an appeal
which will be taken by Neely's counsel to the
United States Supreme Court

TRIED TO KILL WIFE AND HIMSFLF,

Retired Fire Chief Hogan of Jersey City Was
Jealous -His Mind Affected,

Jobo Hogan, a battalion chief of the Jersey
City Fire Department who was retired on a
pension in November last because of permanent
disability incurred whie on duty, attempted
yesterday to kill himself and his wife at 65
Danforth avenue where they boarded, Shortly
after noon Mrs. Hogan was heard to scream
for help and when the door was opened «he was
found lying on the floor, She bad «a gash in
the right side of her throat. Her husband
knelt beside her with a kuife in his hand the
binde of which was ground down to a very fine
edge,

Mra, Simonson, Mrs, Hogan's mother, seized
Hogan by the arms and dragged him away
while Mra, MeNeil, the boarding-house keeper
and her niece assisted the injured womun to
another room, Theu Mrs, Simonson went to
the street and summoned Pcliceman Bose who
called an ambulance in which Mrs, Hogan was
sent to the City Hospital

When Bose went to Hogan's room to arrest him
t was found that Hogan had cut his throat, Tne
knife blade had severed the windpipe, but had
not touched the jugular vein. tle was removed
tothe City Hospital where it was suid his chance
of recovery waa very slight.

Mrs, Hogan is Hogan's second wife, She ts
a years old while he is 52. The five years of
their married life huve been very stormy owing
to Hogan's Jealousy. ‘Two years ago he tried
to kill her and a year ago he repeated the at-
tempt. About two years ugo Hogan was thrown

   

This Sur: rised as Well as Angered Counsel
for the Accused Contractors. Mr, Westcott | here altogether in his interest he Come
J P e Played in Mr. Kellogg bounced up, looked at the Com
Tells of the Unwilling ware mF "a a missioner, bit his lip and sut down, He then
Juggling the Money His Son-in-Law Made } listened almost meekly to a brief lecture which
Out of the Alleged Harbor Swindles. | was read to hin by the Commissioner, The
7 ow j examiliation of the Witness went on, en
Robert I’, Westoott, fathe r-in-law of Oberlin after check, deed after deed and contract after
M. “arter, now serving sentence at the Fort | contrdet was shown vo the witness, who Iden
Leavenworth military prison for having de- | tiled each one. It was quite wpe ioe
ar one not familiar With the chee to Tohow
frauded the Government while he was in charge significance of the testimony, but Mr, Erwin
of engineering opera*ions in Savannah harbor, | said afterward that by comperne the books
, 4 * 5 United | of the different banks in which Carter Greene
wep ve principal wite re a" i , ‘bp and the Gaynors had kept their wecourts,
States Commissioner Shields yes jay and by looking over the books of the brokers
the proceedings by which it is sought to re- and others with whom Care ne masse
. tay t T. Gaynor, ions ane y 4 @halynis OF the astco Ace
oe. seen yr. Garner, vanes : s , t} ' | counts during the tune that Carter Lad charge
FE. H. Gaynor,and Benjamin PD, Greene, the | or them, it was susceptible of proof that every
contractors charged with conspiracy with | time a payment was made Py aoe oo
. ’ » » T° » eontractiing company os isbursin,
Capt. Carter, to the jurisdiction of the United nip if aoe oe
; , y the part of it needed for current expen
States Court of Georgia, in which State z r ses was kept i Savannah, The rest | 0 it
crime is said to have been committed, el- | was deposited to the credit of one
; , » of the Gavnors or to the credit of Greene in a
logg,Rose & Smith, counsel for the defendants, | ee ee enk. Within a day or two after it
were quit® unprepared for the appearance | wag deposited the amount was divided into
of Mr. Westcott as a witness, and they said aire. Two Spires ot SS bred traced b goecks
falied @ jet | to the possession of the Gaynors and Green
#0 with much feeling. United States District ) I : rs i
after that and one third was checked out In
Attorney Erwin of Georgia made no publi | cash. Invariably within a few days after such
explanation for having kept Mr, Westcott’s a Sivinion, Uae es pete ree appeared is
nan ‘ New York and bought stoc wv bonds or reé
appearatice as a surprise, but seid outside the estate to the exact amount of the one third that
court room that he had the very best of reason’ / pad pot been converted into cash, Nearly all
for so doing. thone purchases were made ee the name of Mr.
j er - ‘ ‘ tof | Westeott. It was to prove that the purchases,
Tt will be remembered that whil . be ‘ our | although made under Mr, Westcott's name, were
Inquiry was investigating Capt Carter's con) not really made for him, that hls testimony was
duct at Savannah and later when Capt. Carter | of the utmost value, oe ,
rf . pfore a court-martial, Mr. West- Mr. Westeott's crose-examination was post-
er trial befor . ove a “ u 1 by the poned until after the summer adjournment to
cott’s testimony was diligently sought b ©) Sept. 27
prosecution. Capt. Carter asserted that the _
large sums of money which had been in his | URGES CUBANS TO NAME GOOD MEN.
Possession during lis gerviee at Savannah
belonved to Mr. Westcott and that he was him-
#elf a poor man. The proseouters of Capt
Carter contended that the only way in which
Bich large sums of money in Carter's possession
could be aceounted for wos by assuming that
it had been dishonestly acquired by Carter
by conspiracy with the eontractora who were
doing the work which he supervised. The
testimony of Mr. Westeott would have at once
determined whether Capt. Carter was telling
the truth when he sald that disbursements
were made on behalf of his father-in-law. But
Mr. Westeott was in Burepe and would not come
mto the jurisdiction of the court.
J, W.O. Sterly, ehlef clerk in the Engineers’
Department at Savannah, was the first witness
of the day. There was some delay in calling
another witness, and Mr. Rose and Mr, Kel-
logg rather twiited Mr. Erwin about it, Mr.
Erwin went into the corridor smiling grimly
and at once returned with Mr, Westeott and
his attorney, Henry L. Stimson, who ts a law
partner of Secrétary of War Root
Capt. Carter s appointed to be the Military
Attaché at the Court of St. James in the summer
of 1807. He had been at his new post only a few
days when his successor at Savannah, Capt
Gillette, discovered a state of affairs In the Gov-
ernment work there that called for an invest
gation of Capt. Carter's conduct, A board of
inquiry was appointed and Capt. Carter at once
returned to this eountry, The examination of
Mr. Westcott began with the questions about
eventa immediately following Capt. Carter's
return to this country. Mr. Erwin asked him
when he first had any talk with Capt. Carter
about his troubles. Mr. Westcott, who was
clearly nervous and unhappy, said that Carter
had sald nothing about the cause for his return
from England at first, His first intimation that
anything out of the way had happened was when
Carter telegraphed to him to come to Washing-
ton. He found Carter there, They had hinch to-
gether and Carter said that he had asked his
father-in-law to come to Washington because he
was lonely and wanted company. They returned
at once to New York. On their arrival Mr,
Westcott said Carter told him that he was in
trouble. He said that he was afraid that he would
be arrested on account of the proceedings of
the Court of Inquiry, and that in that case all
his papers would be seized by the Government.
He asked Mr. Westcott to take charge for him
of certain stocks and bonds of great value.
Mr. Westcott said that heat first refused to
have anything to do with the property, as he
had ‘some doubt as to how much its possession
night {mplicate him in any proceedings that
might be taken against Carter
(Carter then told him, he continued, thas the
stocks and bonds had already been turned over
by Carter to Greene and the Gaynors and that
he did not care to have them keep #0 much, that
it might be diMcult for him to reclaim, Upon
these representations Mr. Westeott consented
to receive (he papers after receiving the advice
of his counsel, Thomas Thacher, that he might
do 80 without entangling himself. He tele-
phoned to Greene, who was at the Hoffman
House, asking for a meeting for the handing
over of the securities, Greene and the Gay-
nore showed some reluctance in meeting his
requests, but after a few days Greene appeared
at Westcott's elty house with all the securi-
ties, amounting to about 50,000, Greene,
Mr. Westcott sald, wanted to leave the bonds
there but Westcott, would not have them in the
house when anybody beside himself knew they
were there. Mr. Westcott said this with a grin.
He then compelled Greene to accompany him
downtown to Ue vaults at 142 Broadway, where
the seciuities were placed in a box hired by Mr,
Westcott. Afterward, when he had learned
more about the way_in which Carter bad ae-
quired these bonds, Mr. Westcott, by advice of
counsel, reuirned them to Carter, taking a re-
ceipt tor them, ‘The receipt was put in evi-
dence,
Mr. Westcott told how the Greene-Gaynor
people had attempted to convince him that he
was a partner in the Atlantte Contracting Com-
wny. ‘The cotnsel of the accused menu visited
us counsel, he said, and tried to secure from
him an acknowledgment that he was a partner
in the concern At last} Greene admitted
in the presence of Mr, Thatcher that
Mr, Westeott had never been a partner in the
eontract rin and that the only object of
getting hin to say that he had been a member
wastosave Carter,
After thal, Mr, Westeott said, Carter and the
others asked him to go before the court of {n-
quiry and state that all the great sums which
passed through Carter’s hands belonged
to Westeott and had been handled by Carter
merely as Westeott’s attorney ! told them,”
said the witness, “that I couldn't do that, It
wonld have been a lie) T couldn't swear to what
I kuew was a lie, They kept after me all the
time and | went to Burope and stayed until it
was all Over,”
District Attorney Erwin then began to bring
out the business relations between Carter and
Mr. Westcott, He showed that in several cases
where Carter had bought pieces of property
in the name of Robert F. Westeott, the prop-

 

erty had afterward been transferred to Carter, | from his wagon as he was driving to a fire and
and Carter had paid Mr. Westcott for it | struck on his head. flo recovered physically,
in full Hie also testified that bonds which | but his mind has at times been affected,

 

Carter had bought for Mr. Westeott had also
been tran ferred to Carter upou the payment
of the price of the bonds to Mr. Westeott. Mr.
Waateort's testimony showed that while Car-
ter had full authority touse Mr. Westcott's bank
ceount as he pleased, and to use his name as

pleased, large sims of money, of which Mr
Westcott had no knowledge, wera added to the
account in his absence aiid used in his name,
These sums were withdrawn afterward and
made over to Carter, to whom they belonged,
In this way Mr. Westeott'’s accounts, whieh
were in evidence, showed that Westeott had
made loans to various sub-contractors in Sa-
vannoh to carry on their work. Mr. Westeott
said yesterday that he had never heard of these
People and khew nothing of the loans

Mr. Kellogg remarked ones or twice during
the examination that he wished he might have
known the witness was coming. He was not
satisfied with the way in which the District
Attorney brought out some of the testimony
and ooustantly accused him of leading the
witness, "Treat him like any other witness!”
he exclaimed once. “This Is a court. Ask

Ti: WOODS | BATHING HOUSE,
Young Women Attract a Gallery in the Tree-
tops of Bayside, L. 1.

The young womensummer residents of Bay-
side, L.1., who go In bathing must do their
dressing inthe woods. For over twenty years
the beach of Lite Neck Bay, just off from the
Crocheron House, has been a favorite place for
bathers. Several years ago Joseph Crocheron,
propr.etorof the place at that time, built a
number of bathing houses convenient to the
water. Throngs used these houses every day
during the season.

last week, for some unaceountable reason,
all the houses were destroyed. The women and
Kirls took to the woods to make their changes
of garments. This went all right untila day or
two ago when the women learned thatsome of
the boys had secreted themselves in the trees
overhead and had watched the performance
Aneffort is being made by the summer resi
him to name the date ond place of conversa- | ty) have Lethine houses built <a Te
tion and then ask him who was present. The | point - ‘
secretary of War hasn't anything to do with —- ——++—— --
this.” Settling the Cigarmakers’

“T'm not sure,” said Mr, Wescott, appealing . parmabere’ Girlie,
to the Commissioner. “May [ answer that Asaresuitof the conference between repre-
question? T cannot yery well protect myself.” | sentatives of the striking cigarmakers and the
manufacturers on Thursday a scheme of settie-

“The Secretary of War will protect you,”
shouted Mr. Kellogg, bouncing up in his ehair

ment was put in operation yesterday which
will result, it 1s expected, in all the strikes

again, His manner was quite explosive “His

partner sits right_over there to see Unat the deal
being ended within two weeks. The manufact-
urers will agree to the unionizing of the tae-

aoe through. This makes me tired, anyway
tories, and on the question of wages and other

rotection!

Mr. Stimson had risen at the first mention of
conditions each firm will be taken up separately,
as ea bh has its own prices according to the

the Secretary of War. He was sitting across

he table from Mr. Kellogg and was nearly fif-
brands of cigars !t makes. The committee
rerresenting the strikers was in conference

teen feet from him, Mr. Stimson'’s face was
Quite white, "What do you mean?” he aaid to A 7

with Kerbs, Wertheim & schiffers all day yes-
terduy

   

Mr. Kellogg and advanced a long step across the
roo,

“Oh. go on,” said Mr. Kellogg. “lL know
what | am talking about. You can’'t— ”" Cable Commantcation With tho Far East,

What do you mean. sir?” repeated Mr, Stim-
sin, Who was beside the table by this time and
Was leaning across it, looking Mr, Kellogg
equarely in the eye

The qfeneral uproar Was constantly increas-

.

wo

 

The Commere'al Cable Company announced
yesterday that there was still about seventy
hours delay via the Northern lines to Jay an,
and that messages by thatroute were only ac-

cepted at the sender's risk. The Eastern route
is open,

» Comm'ssioner barely made himself
he shouted at the top of his volce:

7

 

 
  

 
 

 

|

  

DOWIE, 10 PERCENT, HEALER

COMES TO TOWN AND ADMITS THAT
RIGHTEOUSNESS PAYS.

 

Collects Tithes in Chicago Like a Levite and
Starts for Palestine Like a Millionaire in
Order to See the Sun Rise on the Twen-
tieth Ceatury—The New Zion's Overseer,

The Rey. John Alexander Dowie came ot |
New York yesterday from the wicked city of
Chicago. He came in a special car sur-
rounded by a retinuo of relutives and depen-
dents and rode resplendent in a laudau from
the Grand Central station to the Murray Hill
Hotel, Later he and his suite rode, once
more tn laudaus, to the Hoboken ferry, cross-
ing to the other side still In their coaches, and
thence to the pler of the Graf Waldersee, the |
Tiamburg-American Inet, where tho whole
party went aboard bound for Great Britain,
northern Africa and Palestine, The steamer
sailed this morning at daybreak.

The Rev. John Alexander Dowle has been
out in Chicago for the last ten years. Ills
performances in the faith-healing line have
caused him no end of trouble with the news
papers and the law, but he has managed to
come out on top. He kept beating the game
and gathering strength with certain elements
that go to make up Chicago's population until
four years ago he got strong enough to es-
tablish a church of his own. He called it tho
Christian Catholic Chureh in Zion. He put
himself at the head of it under the title of Gen-
eral Overseer, and he was a good one He
built tabernacles and healing homes all over
Chicago, established branches in different
cities, formed a bank and a_ land
company, set up a printing house and a lace
industry, exacted 16 per cent. of the earnings «
of all his followers in the name of the church
and prospered mightily. This is his own
story. He makes no bones of it. He brags
of it, in fact, and tells you with his eyes shining
that the sheep are coming Into the fold at the
rate of 12,000 a year. He proclaims the fact
that in Chicago alone there are 50,000 members
of his chureh, not counting minors, On
Thursday when he started on his pilgrimage
to Jerusalem the crowd that saw him off
blocked the streets about the station, a3 was
told In yesterday's SUN.

When the city editors of the New York papers
got down to work yesterday morning they
saw the announcement from Chicago that
Dowie would be in New York later in the day.
They prepared to send reporters to see him.
A little later the following note came to the
different offices: 7

“Dowie and party. embark for Europe on
steamship Graf Walderseo, _Hamburg-Amer-
ican Line, Hoboken, 6 P. M., Friday

This note was unsigned, A. few minutes
later, in order thatthere might be no mistake,
an unsigned telegram came to the newspaper
offices, It announced that Dowie and party
would stop at the Murray Hill Hotel. The
party arrived at the Grand Central station at
120 YP City Passenger Agent Wheeler of
the New York Central, duly impressed that
the fuith healer was coming In state, had gone
up to Poughkeepsle to meet him, An advance
agent had engaged a suite of rooms at the hotel
and arranged With an express company to
bring the baggage over. The hotel people |
had taken it upon themselves to send over a
bus to carry the party across the street.

When the train y tiled tu the party pulled ont,
It consisted of the General Overseer and hia
wife, his son, A. J. Gladstone Dowie, who ls
just outof Chicago Vniversity; his daughter,
Esther A. Dowie, who has just entered the uni-
versity: Carl F, Stern, the Overseer’s valet;
Ernest Wiiliama, the Overseer’s stenographer;
O. L. Sprecher, the Overseer,s private secre
tary: Henry E, Cantell, who ts to be made
the Overseer in Paris, and Samuel Stevenson,
the Overseer’s brother-in-law (of recent date)
fron§whom the Overseer has Just purehased
alace mill with a. view to transpan|ting It
from Nottingham, England, to the new town
of Zion, which the Overseer Is creatinggnear
Waukegan, Wis., forty-two miles from = Chi-
eago. The master of transportation, Daniel
F. Robinson, whosailed with the party, was
on the ground when the rest arrived, he hav-
ing come. on to arrange matters.

hen the party got out of the car and came
forward to the exit of the station, the Over-
seer discovered that only a bus had been fur-
nished for transportation, This could never
be, not for the head of the new ehurch. He
must have curriages and forthwith they came
and the Overseer and his party rode properly
across the street to the hotel, Then the bag-
gage man's troubles began, He located twenty-
seven trunks and twenty smaller pieces of bag-
giuze, part of which had to go to the hotel and
part tothe pier. By dark he bad it all straight-
ened out, and he was well paid, He later
expressed the confidential Opinion that the
Overseer was the fluslhest preacher he ever
suw

The party being installed In the hotel, the
note and the telegram to the newspapers began
to bear fruit. Reporters bewan to swarm
around the Murray Ulll, but they got a frost
The Overseer couldn't see them. He would
sea them at the pier at 7 o'clock, J ater it
was announced, after the force of. reporters
had crown and they seemed to show some
anxiety to really have a talk with the pilgrim,
that the Overseer probably wouldn't see any-
body at the pier, but he 1 iglit Accordingly,
the reporters took chanees and showed up at
7 o'clock at the pler lhey were conducted to
the smallest rooms in the Waldersee, where
A. J. Gladstone Dowle . met — them They
couldn’ tsee

|

ilsfather, noteven for tive minutes,
tie was too busy. The reporters began to re-
tire, whereupon from a fine-looking, vatri-

 

  
 

 

archal old gentleman with white beard and
flowing locks not so white there came an out
ery. ‘

“Ah, gentlemen,” ho exclaimed, moving to-
ward the reporters with a bearing face and out
stretched hands, “did you want to see me? Well,
sit down, gentiemen, sit down.” ;

A table was cleared, paper was furnished and
the Rev. Mr. Dowie began the story of his life,
Ho began at the beginning and brought it up to
date, even looking into the future. He hasa
finely formed head and bright eyes. He was
neauy clad in a suil of gray tweed, the coat
of which was afrock. He gave one the impres-
sion of being extremely healthy and well cared
or,
fa eapttnus to his own account, he was born
in Scotland fifty-five years ago, He went to
theological seminary in
Edinburgh, where he first got his ideas on
the subject of divine healing. He made up his
mind that Jesus Christ taught. the salvation of
the body as well as of the soul) When he had
a stomach trouble and was about to die his
doctor told him he couldn't be helped. He
walked home read the Bible all night, prayed
for a curg and was instantly made well, He
went to Sidney, New South Wales, and was
ordained to the Congregational ministry. He
kept formally within the Church, but slowly
drifted away from its teachings because he
came to belleve that it had dritted into apos-
tasy. While in Sidney he spent two terms in
sail, one of thirty days and one of tive days, for
holding temperance meetings without a per-
mit from the Mavor, He was_very highly
thought of there and Sir Henry Darker, when
Premier of the colony, offered him the portfolio
of Edueation, but he would not take it In
1878 he felt obliged Lo resign from the Congre-
gational ministry and, going to Melbourne, he
established the Free Christian Tabernacle,
where he taught in his own way

A little later he developed his divine healin

There came an epidemic of  putric
fle went out among the people, laid
his hands on them, prayed and the people,
he says, got well fe saved thousands of
lives, so many lives that all Australia rang with |
hiy name and no church could hold the people |
who came to hear him

Well, everybody thought he ought to found
a new church, but he didn’t want to tle
shirked the responsibility. He thought he'd
travel to evade it. So he came to this country
fn 1888, landing at San Francisco, te estab-
lished a lot of missions out there during his
two years’ stay and then came on to Chicago.
That was the place for him. When he fought

a Congregational

 

theory.
fever.

the devil 12 «owanted to fight hard
and he was
was of great

hadn't been disappointed. Heestablished some
of these healing homes, and the doctors, so he
says, got Jealous = They were all on the verge
of starvation They made the newspapers
take it up The newspapers used to assert
that people we in these healing homes tor
the need cf “y gs, but the overs er denies this
The how] ra%eed caused an ordinance to be
passed declaring the homes to be hos; itals
and that they must have licenses The over.
seer fought the ordinance He was arrested
over one hundred times, he says, but he finally
succeeded in beating the ordinance ‘
This was in 1595. There had been much in |
}

|
convinced that Chicago |
strategic importance. fis

the papers about it. Everybody knew who
the fren John Alexander Dowie was, The
time was ripe for a new church,
it under the name of the Christian Catholie
Chureh of Zion, Now he isrich, Every taber-
nacle he built became too smuiall for the flock,
He has eight wow and they don't begin to hold
all his people, Even the Auditorium don't
hold therm when he preaches, The Zion Col-
lege filled up with pupils, the Zion publishing
house printed a weekly, Leaves of Heaiing,
a tortnightly, The Coming City, anda monthly,
The Vowe of Zion, with ever-increasing cireu-
lation,

‘Uur pe »" he declared, “were in the am-
bulance corps on both sides in the Boer War
and did great work. They were looked on with
favor by the doctors, They did not fight,
though. I'm opposed to all war.”

After this came the new town of Zion, cover-
ing 6,500 neres of land, to which the Cc ming City
is devoting most of its attention. Brother-
in-Law Stevenson is going to bring over
hfs lace industry and fifty hands, The Zion
Bank is going to have its head office there with
a branch in Chicago, and the Zion Land and
Investment Company stands ready to sell lots

He sprang

 
 

 

 

    

ebeseednndackene enon

} turn the tide had come in and the wa

to any one who will embrace the faith. The
affairs of the Church really seem more eerie
ous than those of any other sect. Its members
are most generous, All donations are based
onthe old B'lical tithe system of taxation—10
per cent.of h» income,

“How cai viey do it?” asked one of the re-

rters,

“I'll tell you how,” frankly responded the
Overseer, The abstain from all alcohol
all drugs, all tobacco, swine flesh, secret s0-
cleties, horse races, theatres, dances and the
like, By so doing, at the end of the week they
cen give 10 per cent. and be considerably
one. tot

“tlow do they have any fun?” ‘

“Well, as one of my deacon’s sald, if you'd
go to a meeting in a tabernacle you'd see how
much they enjoyed themselves.”

“How much is the church worth?”

Oh, I should say I've got about $2,000,000.
You see, I'm the trustee for the Church. I'm
pretty shrewd in businass. I think I've shown
that, I created all this for fhe Church and I'm
the trustee, But I’ve made a will by which
my wife accepts a lump sum in lieu of dower
and the rest will go right back tothe Church
when I die In the last nine years my income
has been about $1,000,000 and I've given all
except $25,000 of it back to the Church’”

“How do you do {t?” asked one of the re-
porters. “Give me the secret, wont you”

“Yes, I'll given you. the secret,” laugh
the Overseer: “you do what I’ve done and you'll
have as much money.”

As to his present trip the Overseer declared
{t was the result of a vow.

“Many years ago,” hoe sald, “I made a vow
that, should God let me live, I would see the
morning sun rise over the hills of Jerusalem
at the dawn of the twentieth century. I intend
to keep that vow, stopping to attend to some
business matters in England. I’m not going
to ride into Jerusalem on the back of an ass, a8
has been said. Some Chicago literary ass wrote
that. I expect to return about Feb. 1, unless
Um delayed by business matters.”

Dowle is opposed to Freemasonry. He says
the leaders of the Methodist Episcopal Church
have sold out to the “world, the flash and the
devil” because they have let the Freemasons
get control of the Church.

 

PROMOTED POLICE ASK FOR WRITS.

 

Their Promotion Had Been Contested by the
Municipal Civil Service Board.

Nineteen members of the police force who
were promoted for herole conduct by the Police
Commissioners on June 1 and 2 to the grade o
roundsmen, moved before Justice Giegerich of
the Supreme Court yesterday for writs of man-
damus compelling the Munictpal Civil Service
Commissioners to certify the payrolls so that
they can draw the pay of roundsmen. The
Municipal Civil Service Board had taken the
position that promotions were invalid unless
those promoted had passed examinations for
the higher oMce. Recently Justice O'Gorman
decided in a similar case that the Police Board
had power to promote for heroic conduct with-
out an examination.

When the cases came up yesterday {t was
announced that no objection was made by the
Civil Service Board to the promotion of four of
ths men whose heroic conduct had been in-
vestigated by that board. Writs were issued
in the four cases and the others were adjourned
fora week.

The men who obtained writs are Lawrence E.
Patterson of 87 Williams street, Brooklyn, who
rescued Kate Monohan on Sept. 4, when she
feltinto the East River from a barge; Michael
W. Maguire of 454 Sixtieth street, Brooklyn,
who rescued the Katz family from a fire at 1983
Third avenue; Samuel F. Harrigan of 283 Jay
street, Brooklyn, who rescued Mra. Solomon,
Miss Solomon and Mrs. Bates at the Windsor
Hotel fire, and John P. Leary of 2002 Bathgate
avenue, who rescued Mrs, C, Simmons at the
Windsor Hotel tire,

SHOT ONE OF HIS

 

 

CREW DEAD,

 

Capt. Trask of the Schooner Isaiah K. Stetson
Kills One of the Crew at Ponce.

Banoor, Me., Aug. 10.—Capt. Charles F. Trask
of the schooner Isefih K. Stetson, which ar-
rived here several days ago, toldastory of how
he had to kill one of his crew in self-defenoe
while the Stetson was lying in the harbor of
Ponee, Porto Rico, on June 8. The schooner
reached Ponce on that day from Jacksonville,
and as soon as they could get ashore four
of the crew, all Germans, began drinking heay-
ily, As soon as their money was spent, the men
came back to the Stetson and demanded more
from the captain. Upon his refusal the men
made a savage attack upon him. Finally

one of the men hit Capt, Trask over the head
witha belaying pin, knocking him to the deck.

Finally the captain went ashore for assistance
to quell the mutiny, but the authorities told
him to go ahead and defend himself with a
revolver if necessary, On returning, the crew
once more atiacked the captain and threw
him down the companionway. Believing that
he was in danger of death, Capt. Trask opened
fire with a revolver on his assailants, killing
the ringleader instantly, This put an end to
the brawl and Capt, Trask went ashore and
wave himself up to the authorities. He ob-
tained a speedy hearing and was acquitted
on the ground that the shooting was done in
self-defenee, Two other members of the crew
say that Capt. Trask would have been justified
in killing every one of the drunken sailors,

 

CLOG-DANCER GRANT SHOOTS,

Fatally Wounds ‘‘Plaog’ McCarthy, Who Had
Threatened Him in a Newark Saloon.

Thomas F. Grant, @ one-legged clog dancer,
mortally wounded Benjamin, alias Plug
McCarthy, last evening in a saloon row in
Newark

Grant was employed as a barkeeper in the
Century Hotel, formerly the White Cloud, on
Market street near the Pennsylvania station
Piug and his brother Frank werein the place
with Anite Deerin before 7 o'clock, and made
such adisturbance that Grant went out and
called Policeman Vaughan, who drove them out.
Plug returned an hour later and accused Grant
of “holding out" $3. This ledtoan argument

and Plug sezed a bottle, raising it over Grant's
head, ‘Tommy had a pistol handy and shot
quickly. The ball entered McCarthy's head at
the inner corner of the left eye and lodged in
the back of the head.

Grant was arrested and MeUarthy was taken
to the City Hospital, where it was said that his
cause was hopeless. Me(Carthy has been a dis-
turber for years, and has served seyaral terms
in prison Grant is known to be a quiet fellow,
and has been upon the variety stoge for years.
McCarthy is 86 years old and Graut is about
three years older.

 

 

COLER DECRIES WATER FAMINE,

 

He Thinks Much of the Alarming Talk Is In-
vestigated by Ramapo People,

Comptroller Coler, who said the other day
that the water famine scare in Brooklyn was
unnecessary because existing waste of water
could be easily stopped, became a Ittle more
explicit yesterday and intimated that the water
scare was being worked up for a purpose and
that the purpose was to create a public senti-
ment which might be taken advantage of by
the Ramapo Water Company.

“The water waste,” said the Comptroller, “is
enormous, but not nee *, and it is more
than probable that an investigation would
show that political influence is exerted to make
the waste what it is. A company like the
Ramapo concern can use Its power to further
ita own end in many ways, and almost without
imit

“This power can only be checked by stringent
legislation, and to get that legislation the people
must elect a Governor who will call a special
session of the Legislature of which the entire
time will be given to the discussion of the Ram-
apo issie In that way only can the people
be made to realize the importance of the issue
and the necessity of crushing a corporation
that would take to itself more power than is
vested in the State, because it would control
the entire water supply, and that is the very
life of the city and State.”

TWO WOMEN RESCUED,

Life Goard Palled Them Oat After They Had
Sank in Each Other's Arms,

Miss Daisy Raymond of Fighteenth avenue,
Bensonhurst, and Mrs. Clarenoe Princeton of
Hamil’s station, Rockaway, had a narrow
escape from drowning at Bensonhurst yester-
day. While the tide was low they hired bathing
suits at Owen Zeigler’s pavilion and waded out
toaraft. By the time they were ready to re-
’ 5 r was
over their heads. The two women sank, locked
in each other's arms. Henry Nieder, a life
guard, managed to vet them to the shore. Both

were unconscious, but were revived by Dr.
Voorhees and Dr, Khien. :

 

New Machine to Send Ont Fire Alarms,

A new transmitter of fire alarms was installed
in the telegraph bureau at Fire Headquarters
yesterday. It cos: the city $5,300. Itis designed
to obviate the chance of mistakes due to the

sending out of alarms over the Morse key by the
operapor. Heretofore alarms have been sent
out first by hand over what are known as tho
“combination” circuits and then by machine
over “large gong’ circuits, With the new ap-
Paratus the operator by a quick manipulation
or ciate, oO aes Gis num " from te 10,
nds the alarm @ companies much m:
rapidly than by the old system, sige

swe Ne.

  

|

HELP FOR BISHOP POTTER.

TOO MUCH WORK FOR ONE MAN IN
THIS GREAT DIOCESE.

 

 

The Rev. Percy S. Grant and the Rev. William
M. Grosvenor Talked Of fer the Office of
Bishop Coadjutor—The Bishop Said to
Favor the Pian for Bishops Seffragan.

fo strongly is it believed that Bishop Potter
of the Episcopal Dioorse of New York will at an
early date ask for assistance in the discharge of
his duties that the personality of the proposed
assistant is now being discussed by the clergy
and more active laymen of the diocese, The
canons of the Church provide for the eleotion of
a Bishop Coadjutor, but such assistant is usually
asked for only because of the {illness or ad-
vanced age of the Diocesan. Bishop Potter
was graduated from the Theological Seminary
of Virginia In 1857 and went at once to a emall
parish in Greensburg, Pa. He has therefore
been in orders forty-three years. He is not,
however, in poor health nor do his sixty-odd
years yet weigh heavily upon him,

For a long time it has been evident to Bishop
Potter and others that {tis impossible for one
man to perform all of the labors devolving upon
the Bishop of this, the largest Episcopal diocese,
Recently these duties have multiplied to such
an extent that Bishop Potter has consulted
members of his standing committee about the
best measure of relief. Noone knows at what
oonclusion he has arrived, or if he will bring the
matter forward at the Diocesan Convention,
which will meet six weeks hence. It is so well
known, though, that something must be done
soon, and that the Bishop intends to take the
lead in some direction, that local church circles
are busy discussing names. A score or more
are mentioned from outside the diocese, but the
two men who are regarded with most favor are
the Rev. Percy 8. Grant, rector of the Church of
the Ascension, and the Rev. Wilham M. Gros-
venor, rector of the Church of the Incarnation,
Both are New England born, and both are of
the same type of Churchmanship as the Bishop.
The names of the Rev. Dr. C. M. Niles of Sing
Sing andthe Rev. Dr. George M. Christian of

i Church of St. Mary the Virgin are also
eard,
The Rev. Mr. Grant {s a native of Boston and
a member of the Harvard class of 1883, He was
raduated trom the Episcopal divinity school
n Cambridge in 1886 and went at once to the
Church of the Ascension, Fall River, He after-
ward became minister in charge there. Ho
cahye from Fall River to this city in 1893 te suc-
ceed the Rev. Dr. E. Winchester Donald, who
went to Trinity, Boston, in succession to Philips
Brooks. He was one of the stanch supporte
of Bishop Potter in the Briggs controversy an
is now secretaryof the Committee on Increased
Responsibilities of the Church in our new polit-
cal possessions. It was in the latter capacity
that he went round the world with the Bishop.

The Rey. Mr. Grosvenor is a native of New
London, Conn. He was graduated from
Willisms College in 1885 and came at once to
Grace Church on the Heights, Brookiyn, where
he spent his diaconate and one year in addition,
For five years he was rector of Lrinity Church,
Lenox, Mass. He came to the Church of the
Incarnation in 1805 as successor to the Rev. Dr,
Arthur Brooks. He deciined the vicarate of
St. Agnes's Chapel, the uptown Trinity, and the
chance of being in line as successor to the Rey.
Dr. Morgan Dix, .

The salary of the Bishop of New York is
$12,000a year. A man who has the Bishop's
confidence and is abie to know the larger aff
of the diocese said yesterday:

“T have it on good author ¥, that the Bishop
favors the idea of having Bishops suffrugan,
and that he with others induced a Western
rector from Minneanolis, I think, to presenta
resolution in the last General Convention ap-
pointing a commission onthe subject. The law
of the Church does not now permit Bishops
suffragan, who are the same as Bishops coad-
jutors, except that they do not succeed upon
the death of the diocesan,

“Ae I understand the situation, Bishop Potter
has three orfour great tasks cn hand. Of
course one of them is the new_ cathedral,
Besides the cathedral, there {s the Bishop's
house, and another house for deaconesses is to
be built in the close. Then the Bishop is much
interested in the Philippines. He is on the
Commi-sion on Marriage and Divorce and
deeply interested in what the Church does,
More than that, he is intensely interested in
such foundations as the new Holy Trinity in
East Eighty-elghth street, and would like to
see them multiplied. There is the matter of
Church extension {n Bronx borough. The
strong family parishes of fifty years hence
will be located there, not in Manhattan, and
everybody realizes the tremendous importan
of hard work there at this time. I understan
there are classes there now awaiting confirma-
tion. Everybody opposes a further cutting up
of the diocese, There are, however, above 70,-
000 communicants, which means a population
of 800,000, or more than twice the Presbyterian
menibership, the next largest body apart from
Roman Catholic,”

 

DEAD AT THE BOTTOM OF A SHAFT

 

Body of the Blenheim's Elevator Boy Found
but How He Died Not Known,

William Mclaughlin, 18 years old, of 214
West Sixty-sixth street, was employed as ele-
vator boy at the Blenheim apartment house,
at 2491 Broadway, three weeks ago. Yester-
day afternoon, Peter McDwyer, the superin-
tendent of the house, called for him but re-
ceived no answer. The elevator was at the
top of the house and no answer was made to
repeated pushes on the electric button. Mo
Dwyer went to the fifth floor and there found

that the door and ornamental tron work en-
closing the elevator shaft were bent. At the
same time Dr, Haas, who lives on the first floor
of the house, found the body of the boy lyi
at the bottom of the elevator shaft, ° had
been dead, the doctor said, for fully half an
hour, It is not known how the accident oo
curred,

 

FATHER AND DAUGHTER RESCUED,

Two Physicians Who Could Swim Were For-
tunately at Hand,

Dr. Howard Hanscon of the J. Hood Wright
Hospital and Dr. Frank Van Orden of 82 West
165th street made a daring rescue at Clason
Point on the Sound yesterday afternoon. The
two physicians were in bathing when John W,
Scott and his daughter of West Chester entered
the water. Miss Scott after a short swim shouted
for help, Her fatherswam to her rescue, bi
he, too, became exhausted and sank, mre

Dr. Hanscon got to Miss Scott just as she was
sinking for the last time, He towed her to
shore by her hair. Meanwhile Dr. Van Orden
had managed to get Mr Scott to the shore.
Miss Scott was unconscious for over twofhours,
ous was finally resuscitated by the two physi-
clans,

 

Strikers Win at Havre,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Havre, Aug. 10.—The strike among the
stokers and other men in the shipping trade
has ended somewhat in favor of the men,

 

The Weather,

There was little or no change fn the weather condi-
tlons yesterday, and consequenily no immediate break
in the warm wave is in sight, and the prospects
are good fortwo days more of warm weather at least
The area of high pressure remained stationary over
the country south of the Lake regions, with the cen-
tre over the Tennessee and Ohlo valleys, while the
eastern half of the area extended well off the Atiantio
Coast. The area of low pressure was still central over
South Dakota, thus keeping the heat of the Central
and Western States about the same as along the At-
lantic Coast It was fully ten degrees cooler along the
Gull Coast, from Florida to Texas, than in the North-
ern States.

Fair weather prevailed in all sections save for thun-
derstorms in northern New York, northern New Eng-
land, Minnesota, the Dakotas and Montana, and} in
one or two other places,

In this city the day was fair with continued high
temperature; wind northwest, shifting to south, gen-
erally, fresh breeze; maximum temperature 94 degrees
at 5 P.M.: average humidity,S! per cent.; barometer,
corrected to read topea level, at8A.M.,20.99;3P.M.,
29.95.

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown In the annexed table:

--OMecial— Sun's,| —OMelal~ Sun's

1900, 1899. 1000, 1900, 189¥, 1900,
9A.M. 43° 60° 61° 6P.M.04° 73° 49?
12M....92° 71° 686° OP. M.87® 73° Hae
SP. M.93° 76° 90°\12 Mid..82* 73° 2°

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND
TO-MORROW.

For New England, local rains and thunderstorms
Saturday: probably showers Sunday; light to fresh
southwest winds,

For eastern New York, local rains and thunder-
storms in north; fair in south portion Saturday;
Sunday, fair; light to fresh southwest winds.

For ¢astern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Delaware, generally fair Saturday and Sunday; light
to fresh south winds

For western Pennsylvania and western New York,
generally fair Saturday and Sunday except possibly
showers and thunderstorms along the Lakes; light to
fresh southwest winds

 

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

By usin;
in, but you can get better drinks than
speci Bottle ind enough SPARKLETS for 200 fizzy drinks take up less space than one

dinary carbonic water bottle. ‘

SPARKLETS are light and take up little room. The special bottle will last for years.
Mineral tablets and Fruit syrups furnished.

Plain bottles, $1.50 upwards. Syphons, $2.50 upwards.

SPARKLET

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N.Y. City.

 

BURGHERS CALL
Many ia the Transvaal Who Want the Present

From Tus SUN's Correspondent at Pretoria,

Pretoria, Aug.
feeling here that
measures should be taken to bring the war,
which is now degenerating into a series of
marauding raids, to a close. The number of
burghers in the field is certainly diminishing,
and those who are still fighting are held to-
gether partly by compulsion and partly by
the feeling that there is no sufficient reason
why they should surrender. They are also
influenced to a certain extent by the large
number of foreign adventurers now fighting
with them, not 5 per cent. of whom were in tho
country before the war.

Tux SvuN correspondent interviewed several
leading Transvaalers on this subject, and they
expressed the opinion that Great Britain should
annex the country at once. A _ reasonable
time should then be allowed the genuine bur-
ghers to surrender their arms.
to do this the penalty should be confiscation
of thelr property. Notice should also be given
to the foreign adventurers that any one of their
class found with arms would be sent to prison
for a long term, and any foreigner using arms
with fatal effect would be punished with death.

The present state of affairs is harmful alike
to the interests of the British and of the burgh-
era. Astronger policy would afford to burghers
who have the best interests of the country at
heart the required reason for submission.

Preroria, Aug. 10.—Part of the ruilway south
of Vereeniging was destroyed by the Boers lust

night.

brought here on an armored train,
There {is

owing to the fact

the supply, has been cut o
Gen. Ha

the Boers who were besteging the place making

only a feeble resistance, —'T

Gens, Kitchener and Methuen are bom-
barding Gen, De Wet's position from the north
and south.

Men Who Planned to Seize Gen. Roberts Had | Woman, but afterward acknowledged that he
All Taken the Oath of Neutrality, was with her. Chief of Police James Lay-

: ton had a talk with the prisoner — toenight

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN. Thomas said: “I swear to God, Chief, that

Lonpon, Aug. 10.—A despatch from Pretoria
gays thore were about fifteon conspirators in
the plot to abduct Lord Roberts and kill a num-
ber of British officers, Their scheme was to
set fire to two houses in the west end of the
elty, hoping that during the confusion
troops would be
they intended to enter the houres occupied by
the British superior officers and kill these officers,

Some of the conspirators were at the same
time to secure Lord Roberts and carry him off.
The plot was discovered at the last moment.
pverg person connected

LOUIE FREEAR GETS

English Actress’s Bill of $4,000 Against G,

Lowpon, Aug. 10.—The courts have awarded
to Loule Freear, the actress, £800 damages for
breach of contract against the Greater New
York Amusement Company, of which George
Lederer is the manager.

Loule Freear came to this country a year ago
last spring to appear in ‘
atthe New York Theatre. She had been popu-
lar for several years in London.
received
$750 a week, for singing several cockney songs

n the burlesque.
er, and when the roof garden performances at
the theatre
agement that
more toward earning her large salary br ap-
in the vaudeville performance on the
Secure in the reputa'ion of having made
one of the worst failures ever
York theatre, Miss
chances
from the company on the
tract had been broken an
begin the litigation which has just ended in
r favor.

BRESCI'S TRIAL ON AUG.
Prompt Coaviction ef the Assassin of King

Rom, Aug. 10. --It is stated that the trial or
Bresci, the assassin of King Aumbert, wil!
begin on Aug. 29.
ting of the court.

Lonpon, Aug. 11.—-The Rome correspondent
of the Daily Mailsays that Bresci, King Hum-
bert’s assassin, acknowledges that he left the

United States on a mission, which was the out-
ome of a plot ha
n Italy knew anything about the plot until the

evening of t

evidently told w
resci’s associates,
Fiumk, Aug. 10—A dynamite cartridge ex.

day. The police believe that the cartridge

was placed on the track by Anarchists asa
tg grains the mourning demonstration ,
or

Prepared only by J. C, ENO, Ltd., ‘FRUIT SALT' WORKS, LONDON, ENG. by J.C. ENO'S Patent,

          
   
   

————=- A

TRADE MARK

      
   
      

A SODA FOUNTAIN AT HOME.

LETS you can not only get any drink you Have ever had at any Soda
on ae ver had at the best Soda Fountain. The

      
         
         
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
       
      

'S, pts., 25 cts. Qts., 40 cts. (Box of 10),

      
    

 

 

WOMAN DEAD IN THE SURF.

State of Affairs Ended. A
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

 

   

FOR ANNEXATION.

 

   

 

     

SERVANT AT THE CHELSEA AVE-
NUE HOUSE, LONG BRANCH.

      
     
 

 

 
    

Richard Thomas, Who Was Seen With Her
Last, Held Without Ball Pending the In.
quest To-day-Thomas Kennedy Also Ar-
rested—Result of the Autopsy Held Back.
Lona Brancu, N. J., Aug. 10.—The body of

an unknown woman, who has been recently

employed as a dishwasher at the Chelsea

Avenue House, was found floating in the surf

at the foot of Chelsea avenue, at 6 o'clock this

morning. Richard Thomas, who was seen in °

her company on the beach at 1 o'clock this

morning, and Thomas Kennedy, his friend,
have been arrested to await the action of the

Coroner's jury to-morrow.

The dead vy oman was about 80 years old and
eame here on July 20 from Mrs, Swartz's In-
telligence Office, $15 East Seventy-third street,
Manhattan, Her name is not known here,
even to Proprietors Goodman and Gutt-
man, of the Chelsea Avenue House, where she
was employed. She was known at the board-
ing house simply as Mary. When found to-day

she wore a polka-dot dress, a shirt waist of
| white with blue stripes and button shoes, She
'

      
 

0%—There is
immediate

a strong
political

      
   
       
       
       
     
       
       
     
       
      
     
       
     
       
     
       
         
      

If they failed

      
       
       
    

Was about 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighed
about 150 pounds, Her face was slightly pitied
and she had long, licht-brown hair,

The woman's body was found by Ernst Kup-
fel, who distinguished himself a week ago
by pulling a shark ashore,
b dy up out of the water and went about his
business without reporting the matter. A
wave avon dashed up and carried ft back into
the surf. A little later Barney McGarvey
and Henry Murphy saw the body and pulled it
up on land. They reported to Coroner John
W. Fleck and the body was removed to the Third
avenue morgue of Hyer and Fleck.

From appearances the woman had been dead
but a short time, and Coroner Fleck began an
investigation ut ones, He learned that the
woman Was seen on the beach at 1 o'clock this
morning by David Eller, Charles H, Greene
and mans ee ten oek soe pe, went in

a athing at that hour and saw Richard Thomas

@ Boers fled to the | 4, company with the woman. Thomas wae
laced under arrest, At the same time Coroner
Fleck arrested Thomas Kennedy, a neur friend
of Thomas, and both were put In the lockup,
The three bathers identified Thomas as the may
who was with the dead woman at 1 o'clock
They also fully described the clothing she wore
Thomas at first denied that he was with the

    
       
       
    

fe dragged the

      
       
     
     
         
       
    

A number of passengers have been

 
    

of coal in Johannesburg
at Springs, the sourco of
by the Boers,

milton has relieved Rustenburg,

a scarcit

        
     
   
           
     
     
       
 

 

   

THE PRETORIA PLOT.

     

 

          
       
 

I am not responsible for the woman's deat!
I will stand trial.”

Dr. 8. J. Woolley, who performed the au-
topsy this afternoon, declined to make pub-
lic the cause of death owing to the fact that
the Coroner had called an inquest for toemor-
row. Coroner Fleck, too, was reticent, but
admitted that the autopsy revealed the fact
that the woman had_ been drinking heavily

Coroner Fleck is looking for a third person
Tt is not believed that the woman had been
i Geen water, nor that she committed sui-
cide,

The Coroner has refused to take ball in
Thomas's case.

 
   
       
     
   
     

the
Then

      
 

concentrated there.

    
       
     
     
   
     
 

with this plot had
oath of neutrality.

   

 

RELEASING MILITARY PRISONERS.
Between 200 and 300 Will Be Liberated at
Alcatraz Island,

SAN Francisco, Cal, Aug. 10.—Within the
next two months between 200 and 300 men will
be released from the military prison at Alcatraz
Island. They have been serving there for va-

rious violations of army rules.

Thisis the first time in years that sucha
wholesale release of military convicts has been
crdered, perhaps eince the Civil War, As the
offenoes in most cases were not serious {it was
thought best to free the men, having thoroughly
disciplined them. Men convicted of serious of-
fences will pot be liberated. Before this there
were about 475 prisoners at Alcatraz.

 
 

 

   

DAMAGES.

     

 

      
 

W. Lederer’s Company.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

 
       
   
   
   
   
     
     
 

 

 
    

‘The Man in the Moon”

 
    

Misa Freear
a large salary, sometimes said to be

 
   
 

LIKE THE KISS SHE'D READ ABOUT

   

New York did not care for

   

an it was suggested by the man-
isa Freear might do something

   

Salute Bestowed Upon a City Hall Bride by
the Gallant Guggenheimer.

Helen Agnes Boh of Coney Island and Wik
Nam M. Turner of Brooklyn were married at
the City Hall yesterday by Acting Mayor Gue-

enheimer. After the ceremony Turner said to

is bride: ‘"Now you are going to get trom his
Honor one of tho-e kisses that you have read
80 much about in the newspapers.” And the
bride was not disappointed.

 
   
       
     
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
   

known ina New
reear declined to take any
y singing on the roof. She resigned
round that her con-
returned to London

 

 

 

99. New Ballding for the Boys’

Mark's Place,

Plans were filed with the Building Depart-
ment yesterday by P. H. Olin, architect, for a
new five-story brick clubhouse, 70.11x50,1, for
the Boys’ (lub of 125 St. Mark's place, at the
northwest corner of Avenue A and Tenth
street. Itis to cost $75,000. The building ts to
haveanen ployment bureau and a carpenter
shop for the boys in addition toa large gymnas-
fum, lecture halls, music and billiard rooms
anda number of smaller clubrooms,

Clad of St,

 

Hambert Is Expected.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

It will occupy but one sit-

 

The Held-Up Molineux ‘Trial Bills,

District Attorney Gardiner went to the
Comptroller's office yesterday and hada talk
with Mr, Coler about the held-up Molineux tria!

bills, Both of them agree that Dr, Witthaus's
bill and the bills of some of the other experts
are exorbitant and should be contested.

Before going away the District Attorney asked
the Comptroller if he were going to accept the
nomination for Governor. Mr. Coler said that
he did not want the office,

ed in Pater. on, but no one

e King waa
Pp dds that this story
th the view to sheltering

July 80, the day after
The correspondint a

 

under a car of the electric railway yes-

ro-

og Humbert. ai wT

    

EVERY HOUSEHOLD Ano TRAVELLING TRUNK ovonT To conrain A BOTTLE oF

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alooholio Beverages, Errors in Diet,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn,
Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions,
Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, & Fevers of all kinds.

THE EFFECT of ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT’ on a DISORDERED. SLEEPLESS. and FEVERISH CONDITIO
SIMPLY MARVELLOUS, It 18, 1n fact, NATURE'S OWN REMEDY and an UNSURPASSED NE re

 

    
     
   
   
         
    

Whotesale of B. FOUGBRA & OO, 96,98 & 90, Nurth Willian Street, New York.