a IE LP

RR ae PS EE aS ER IME AEE I IY TOE

se A oe

RE COREL TAL PSTN RET get ee

__ EER a GP Ee ee

 

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.

 

The ieee Sun,

_——

SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900.

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month.........++-
DAILY, per Year
SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign countries added.
THE SUN, New York Clty.

 

PARI@—Kioaque No. !2, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiesque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

Tf our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pudileation wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in ell cases send stamps for (hat purpose.
—e—————————————

Not a Democratic Speech.

The people of Bloomington gave & non-
partisan welcome to their townsman, the
Hon, Apuat Ewina STEVENSON, the other
day. Weselect two passages from Mr. STE-
VENBON'S Speech:

“Our country ts for all time. We have honest differ
ences upon passing questions, but upon that which
takes hold of the life of the republic, thank GoD,
there is none. We are heirs in common to the
Dieesed heritage of our fathera Dearer than mere
party names is that by which we al! love to be known
—Americans! More sacred than mere party emblem is
the one flag known and honored by all. For whether
floating from the dome of the Capitol at home, or from
the masthead of our ships upon foreign seas, tn all
Janda, and to all peoples, it 1s the symbol of our com-
mon country. In this enduring republic 1s bound up
all that we hold dgar in this mortal life--all that in
the outstretehed years we hope for for our children.

The safety of the republic during the century upon
which we are soon to enter will rest, not upon its ma-
terial wealth. its physical power, nor ite splendor, but
upon the conservatism, the intelligence, the lofty
patriotiam of all the people.”’

Theee are words of patriotism and good
sense, consequently they are not Demo-
cratic. According to Mr. STEVENSON’S
party the coming election ts to decide
whether the United States shall continue to
bea republic or shall become an empire.
The life of the republic is threatened, if the
Democrats are to be believed. If this is an
enduring republic, what does all the Demo-
cratic talk about an empire amount to? If
the millions of voters who compose the
Republican party are bent upon destroying
this republic, what sense is there in speaking
of the conservatism, the intelligence, the
lofty patriotism of all the people?

If Mr. Stevenson had made a Demo-
eratio speech he would have had to say that
the enduring republic cannot Jong endure

half republic and half empire, and that the
paramount issue {s whether a plurality of
the people wants to destroy the republic.

Bryan on Title.

There is an infantile air about this dis-
quisition of Mr. Baran’s on the title of the
United States to the Philippines and the
Fillpinos:

“Whatis our title to the Philippine Islands? Do
we hold them by treaty or by conquest? Did we buy
them or did we take them? Did we purchase the
people? If not, how did we secure title tothem? Were
they thrown in with the land? Will the Republicans
eay that inanimate earth bas value when that earth
1s moulded by the Divine hand and stamped with the
Wkeness of the Creator, and that it becomes a fixture
and passes with the soil? If Governments derive
thelr just powers from the consent of the governed, it
{9 impossible to secure title to people, either by force
or by purchase. We could extinguish Spain's title by
treaty. butif we hold title we must hold {t by some
method consistent with our ideas of government
When we made allies of the Filipinos and armed
them to fight against Spain, we disputed Spain's title.
If we Duy Spain's title we are not innocent purchas-
ers. Buteven if we bad not disputed Spain's title,
she could transfer no greater title than she had, and
her tithe was based on force alone. We cannot defend
auch a title, but as Spain gave us aquit-claim deed,
we can honorably turn the property over to the party
{nm possession."

As a supporter of the treaty of peace
Mr. Brran knows perfectly well what the
American title to the Philippines is and his
questions are purely rhetorical. As to
the people, they were * thrown in with the
lead,” just as the inhabitants of the Louis-
jana Purchase and Alaska were. The
consent of the governed was never had
or asked in any of the three cases of buying
human beings, as Mr. Bryan would call it.
Back of all title by purchase resta the original
title by force. If Mr. Bryan's conscience
pains him about the American title to the
Philippines, {t ought to pain him about
the American title to the Louisiana Pur-
chase and Alaska.

Passing over Mr. Bryan's remarks about
“allies” and his singular notion of the effect
of military repression of an insurgent move-
ment upon the Government against which
the insurrection exists, there remains Mr.
Bryan's proposition that “we can honor-
ably turn the property over to the party
in possession.” The United States are the
party in possession, and they will not give
up possession any more than they would
give up possession of the Louisiana Pur-
chase or of Alaska.

Present Conditions in India.

A Bombay correspondent writing of the
outlook in India describes it as one im-
penetrable darkness. To the distress
caused by the famine and pestilence in
various forms must now, he says, be added
the commercial depression already be-
ginning to be felt because of the troubles
in China. The cotton industry is in as bad
a way as can be imagined. Nine-tenths of
the yarn produced in Indian factories finds
its way to the Chinese market, and whereas
the war in South Africa had no anxieties
for India commercially, a prolongation of
the present situation in China would mean
the virtual extinction of India’s export
trade with that country, and the serious
derangement of trade and finance. It
would also, as a consequence, interfere
with India’s ability to meet her indebted-
ness to England. It is anxiously hoped,
therefore, on all sides in India that there
may be a speedy readjustment of things
in China to allow free intercourse with
that country to be resumed.

The question of the land tax in India is
another matter which is becoming increas-
ingly acute. Within the last twenty years
the land revenue has been increased by
three millions of rupees a year to the im-
poverishment of the cultivators and the
general injury of the country, most of the
money having been spent on frontier for-
tifleations, and warlike operations in which
vast numbers of animals taken fromthe land
for transport service were lost. As an
example of the way the present system
of land assessment in India works, cases

of recent occurrence in Gujerat, one of the
districts mest hard hit by the famine, are

specified. Lands on which the Government
demands had not been met were last year
put up to sale, but there were no bidders.
In August the original holders were asked
to give security for the payment of revenue,
and to take up the lands; but they did
neither, and the lands remained untilled.
Then, naturally, there were numerous dis-
treints of fue occupants’ movable prop-

ert; and consequent scenes which, the
wri.ur says, might have made an English-
man blush with shame.

Though the law might have directed
otherwise, the wearing apparel of the occu-
pant and his family, their bedding, their
ploughs, the small quantity of grain needed
for the maintenance of the cultivator’s
family, were not excepted from the distraint;
the articles distrained were not disposed
of within reasonable time after the dis-
traint, but were allowed to remain for a
considerable time at the village chora. In
one case, when in making distraint the
officers found nothing in the cultivator’s
house, they seized ornaments that were on
the person of his wife worth four or five
rupees (about $1.50); they took from her a
sum of eight annas (16 cents) that was tied
in the end of her sari; and they made her
change her clothes in their presence to show
that she kept nothing of value concealed
on her person. A complaint was made to
the collector, and some months after the
property was returned to her by superior
order, but without any expression of regret
for the indignity and insult to which she
had been subjected.

Among other mears adopted to force
people to pay rents they were unable t
meet was the sending of revenue officer.

around to the villages ejecting the people ;

from their houses and closing the doors
with {ron bars. On complaints to the
Commissioner the bars were after a time
removed and the people permitted to return
to their homes. In the meantime they
had had to wander about without shelter
or protection. Another expedient to force
payment of rent was to place watchmen
at the village wells to prevent persons in
debt to the Government from taking water
until their dues were paid. In some vil-
lages the floors of houses were dug up to
ascertain whether any valuables had been
hidden; and so in these and many other
ways the Administration of the country is
made hateful by the unjust and oppres-
sive acts of its subordinates.

Indebtedness to the money lender is
almost universal throughout India, and
under the operation of the law the control
of the land ts passing into the hands of a
class of money-lending landlords while
the oultivators are rapidly falling into the
condition of serfs. In the Punjab the
Government of India proposes to'stop this
by prohibiting the alienation of land to
non-agriculturists, but this {s regarded
asa very roundabout way, involving not
only delay but also the painful incidents
of a questionable experiment.

One point of interest for this country in
the above described condition of things
in India is the gradual elimination of
that land as a producer of wheat and
cotton, if it continues to be scourged by
drought, famine and pestilence, as it is
now. Account should also be taken of
the stoppage of industry in India through
the cessation of its export trade with China.
The reflex action on England and English
finances will also be a matter of moment,
for if the British Government is driven
by the growing exigencies of the situation
to go on borrowing money for its war ex-
penses, and to meet the deficiencies in
revenue with which India is threatened at
an early date, it will naturally turn again
and again to the American investor in
bonds.

Some Significant Comparisons.

In Alabama the total number of votes
polled for President {n 1806 was 194,572.
The population of Alabama in 1890 was
1,518,017 and the State has 11 Electors.

New Jersey, with a population in 1890
of 1,444,033, and with 10 Electors only,
polled 371,014 votes in 1896, For MCKINLEY
alone it polled 26,705 more votes than the
total poll of Alabama.

In Georgia, with a population of 1,837,353
in 1890, and with 13 Electoral votes, the total
poll in 1896 was only 163,061 votes.

Wisconsin, with a population in 1890 of
only 1,686,880, and with only 12 Electoral
votes, polled 447,000 votes in 1896 and its
vote for McKInuEY alone exceeded the
whole poll in Georgia by 105,074 votes.

Louisiana had a population of 1,118,587
in 1800, At the Presidential election in
1896 it cast only 101,046 votes; yet the State

pas 8 Electoral votes,

Maryland had in 1890 a popilation of
1,042,390 and it also has 8 Electoral votes;
but ita total poll in 1806 was 250,842 and
McKInzgy alone received 35,013 more votes
than the whole number cast in Louisiana.

The total poll in Mississippi in 1896 was
only 69,513 votes; yet that State had a popu-
lation of 1,289,600 in 1890 and it has 9 Electoral
votes.

Minnesota also has 9 Electoral votes and
its population in 1890 was 1,301,826, It
polled 341,664 votes in 1896 and for McKINLEY
alone 123,990 more than the total poll of
Mississippi.

South Carolina had a population of 1,151,-
149 in 1890 and it has 9 Electoral votes. It
polled only 68,907 votes in 1896.

California also has 9 Electoral votes.
Its population in 1890 was 1,208,130, and its
total poll in 1896 was 296,503, McKINLEY
alone receiving more than twice as many
votes as the whole number cast in South
Carolina.

These are significant comparisons and
at the election next November the paucity
of the vote in the Southern States as com-
pared with Northern States with no more
Electoral votes or with less Electoral votes,
will become more striking because of
Southern disfranchisement of the main part
of the political opposition since 1896.

The Rainbow Region of 1900.

The political rainbow region, like the
centre of population disclosed by each
successive census, is constantly changing.
For many years after the close of the Civil
War false expectations of party success
were generally centred on the States of
the South, and hopeful partisans confi-
dently predicted as recently as 1888 that the
remarkable influx of Northern settlers
in Florida would transform the Ever-
glade State into a Republican stronghold.
‘Texas was to be revolutionized by ita for-
eign-born immigrants, Louisiana by the
aroused public spirit of the decadent Creole
colony, Alabama by the development of
its mining industries through Northern cap-
ital, and Georgia by the menacing defection
of local Populists

None of their rainbow expectations
has been realized. These five States re-
main strongly Democratic, and, as indi-
cated in the returns of the recent State
election in Alabama, Democratic by majori-
ties larger than heretofore.

When the South was abandoned as an
unpromising fleld for rainbow. chasing the
prairie States of Kansas and lowa began to
present inducements to Democratic opti-
mists. for many years the most extrava-
gant expectations of Democratic success
in Kansas led to a downpour of campaign
literature, especially on tariff theories,

which has been equalled in no other State,
and may, perhaps, account for some of
the subsequent vagaries of Kansas voters.
But the Democrats gained no advantage
in Kansas, When that State temporarily
ceased to be Republican it became Populist.
There were few Democrats in it when the
rainbow chasing began; there were fewer
Democrats when the chase ceased.

Just now, the region of the sky gazers
is in the strongly Republican States of the
Northwest—the group of stanch and un-
deviating Republican States of which
Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin are
the chief, and of which only one, Wiseonsin
in 1892, has ever been lost to the Republican
party in a Presidential election since
ABRAHAM LINCOLN was its candidate,
For no visible reason the hopes of the ardent
Populists and the sanguine Bryanite enthu-
siaste, have turned to these States which
are now enjoying the fruits: of a great
material prosperity, and are strongly com-
mitted to Republican policies and im-
measurably benefited by them.

The “well-informed and conservative
onlooker” with rainbow visions of BRYAN'8
success in the Republican Northwest will

soon arrive East, and he will tarry here |

throughout a good part of the canvass
and be heard from frequently.

The region of rainbow States has shifted.
It is in a new region in 1900; that’s all.

And What About Porto Rico?

So Mr. Bryan, if elected, will summon
the Congress in extraordinary session to
haul down the flag in the Philippines?

What about Porto Rico? Will he ask
Congress to haul down the flag there, too?

What theory or argument of his in the
case of the Philippines does not apply with
equal force to the case of Porto Rico?

Why is he noisy about the Philippines
and silent about Porto Rico?

Electrio Traction and the Posta
Service.

The Metropolitan Street Railway Com-
pany has signified its desire to discontinue
the postal service over its Third avenue
line as at present performed. The con-
tract it holds with the Government will
expire at the end of the month and notice
has been served that the cars will not be
hauled thereafter, or, at least, as soon as
the Post Office people shall have effected
other arrangements. '

We presume that the managers of the
street railroads have sufficient reasons
of their own for the severance of their rela-

tions with the New York Post Office, but |

we incline to the belief that the distribu-
tion and collection of the mails by electric
agency will rather be expanded than con-
tracted in the near future. Greater New
York in all of its great centres and through-
out all its suburbs is now one vast anu
intricate network of electric surface roads,
and to this there is presently to be added
the entire system of the elevated roads.
It seems unreasonable to suppose that the
Post Office should be debarred from the
obvious advantages of this universal means
of traction.

The solution will probably be found in
the operation by the Post Office of its own
vehicles, taking and paying for power and
trackage, The plan is entirely feasible
and reasonable, and we cannot see why
there should not be easily devised a type
of vehicle capable of leaving the tracks
and trolley slots for the street level and
propelling itself when desirable by an
auxiliary storage battery.

The Second City of the Nation.

There is no good reason for the disap-

pointment expressed in Chicago at the |
report that the Federal Census shows the |

population of that city to be 1,697,000, in-
stead of 1,987,000 as claimed by her own
latest school census,

In 1890 Chicago had 1,099,850 inhabitant.
An increase of nearly 55 per cent. in ten
years ought to satisfy the most ambitious
municipal pride, Chicago is to-day larger
than Berlin was five years ago. Chicago

; is now as big as Rome, Amsterdam and |

Madrid combined.

Because the population of Chicago more |

than doubled between the censuses of 1880
and 1890 there has come to be a feeling in
that town that anything short of 100 per

cent. increase in ten years means decadence |

and humiliation, But Chicago cannot ex-
pect to double every ten years, If she

had continued and should continue to grow |
at that rate, the child born there this year |
would live, with ordinary good luck, to |
see his native town more populous than the |

vast Empire of China is to-day.
be inconveniently overcrowded.

The trolley has wrought such changes
in the conditions of urban and suburban
life that it is likely that few, if any, of the
great American towns will show this year
a rate of normal increase equal to their
records in the past. There will be disap-
pointment here and there, but no city ought
to be downcast if it has held its relative
position in the list of American cities headed
by the metropolis,

Chicago has done that, and she ought to
be proud of the achievement, She stands
next after New York in the United States,
as Lyons stands next to Paris in France, or
Manchester next to London in England.

It would

Aside from its record-breaking character,
the performance of Mrs. Emma R. Bayne, the
wheelwoman who has recently completed a
ride of 4,500 miles within thirty davs, is ex-
tremely interesting. The fact that she is the
recognized champion among cyclists of both
sexes for long-distance road riding marks her
as a woman of extraordinary endurance: but
incidentally some minor features of her ride
prove her title to the championship.

From the time that Mrs. Bayne set out, on
July 9, to wheel a century one day and two
centuries the next, the newspapers have printed
almost daily reports of her health and general
appearance. When her task was about half
finished it was stated that “ she looked better
than when she began." A few days afterward
it was reported that she was “eating with great
heartiness, was looking well and was free from
aches and pains." Upon completing her ride
her appetite was splendid and she took a con-
spicuous part in a “corn party” arranged to
celebrate her victory. All this concerns a
woman

Now compare the circumstances attending
Mrs, DayNe's ride with those reported at Madi-
son Square Garden in December, 1808, at the
time of the six days’ cycle race, in which men
only were the contestants. On the very first
day of the race one rider showed unmistakable
signs of distress and was ordered by physicians
to leave the track “ becauseof the condition of
his stomach.” Next day Haus, the Irish cham-
pion, lost his vivacity and was suffering from
“some severe trouble with his stomach.” On
the day following the same organ of another
rider behaved so badly that the Board of Health
requested him to quit. Then ScHINEER, the
Chicago scorcher, was seriously handicapped
in the struggle by “an acute attack of indiges-
tion,” another case of disordered stomach,
The men looked worn and haggard and fre-
quently appeared to be on the verge of collapse.
later it was announced that ScHINtER and

several of the other men had their wives there
to do their cooking; but whether or not that
fact was explanatory of their disabled con-
dition was not authoritatively established.
It is true, however, that the six-day men were
fed upon such delicacies as grapes, toast and
calf’s foot jelly.

Here is the bill of fare which sustained Mrs.
Barner: Chicken, beef, potatoes, bread, tea,
and black coffee. Of course there is no reason
to suspect that the woman's husband had a
hand in preparing her meals. About the only
mention made of him was that he greeted his
wife with bouquets when her task was ended.

If any one doubts the physical ability of some
women to compete successfully with men in
the accomplishment of diffoult undertakings,
particularly on the bicycle, let him compare
the case of Mrs, Bayne with those of some of
her male contemporaries who have attempted
similar tasks.

TOWNS rebelled against

A lifelong Republican,
is party.—Indtanapois

the imperialistic plot of
Sentinel,

So the imperialistic plot was hatched in 1896,
was it?

The people stand aghast at the encroachments of
monopoly-- Kansas City Times.

We should think they would when the West-
ern farmers are shamelessaly forming a Trust
and the Hon. JAMES STEPHEN Hoaa is accus-
ing Jow BaiLey of dealing gently with the
Octopus.

The Hon. Samso Bones of Springfield, Mass.,
{s roaming among the meads of Agawam,
declaiming Col. Bryan's “ noble" Indianapolis
speech. ‘It is not necessary to say,” cries
Samno, witha tender moistness in hiseyes," that
he (BRYAN) rivals Lincotn in the simplicity
and clearness of his style; vet hardly any other
political leader since the rise of LINCOLN has
surpassed Mr. Bnran in the dignity, poise, sim-
plicity and clearness which now characlerize
his best efforts.” Mr. Bonzs fails tosay which
he regards as the simpler, more dignified and
better poised specimen of the Bryanio style, the
cross-of-gold-and-crown- of-thorns or the
awake-MoseEs-awake,

Within his muscles strength victorious sits.
Beneath the storm of his gigantic hits, Ruin
is strown like sand upon the waste; and all the
world acclaims the good old Fitz.

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

The two most interesting and important items
of news from China are the report from our
Minister in Pekin, Mr. Conger, of the attempt of
the Chinese authorities there to get rid of the
foreign envoys by representing to them that
their Governments desired them to leave the
capital; and the issuing of an edict, dated
Thursday, appointing 11 Hung Chang Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
to treat with the Powers. Coupled with these is
ihe report that Gen. Li Ping Heng with 15,000
| trained troops had left Pekin to oppose the ad-
vance of the allies. The situation is avery
curious one, and it ‘oes not reflect advan-
tageously to the Chinese. Their representa-
tlons to the envoys was a clear case of
double dealing which cannot be explained
ew y, and which will make future ne-
gotiations with those responsible for
the attempt to induce the envoys so to
actas to place their Governments in a false
position, very dificult, if not impossible. They
certainly could not be conducted on a footing
of equality after so flagrant an attempt to de-
ceive, especially when the foroe behind itis
proving itaclf inadequate. The nomination of
li Hung Chang to the important position of
| Plenipotentiary has probably arisen from a per-

ception of this, and it places the experienced and

acute old diplomatist in a very serious dilernma,

The reply to this manwuvring, on the part of

whoever will have to be dealt with at Pekin or

elsewhere when the time comes, is obvious,

The allies must at all hazards relieve their
| envoys and confirm them in their status, and be
| prepared for any diplomatic contingency that
| may arise, such as the removal of the court and
capital to some other and less accessible part of
the country.

So far the military operations are meeting
| with signal success and, notwithstanding the
| great difficulties apart from the Chinese oppo-
sition, are reflecting credit on all the allied con-
tingents engaged. When the cables now being
laid between Shanghai and Chefoo, and be-
| tween the latter place and Taku are in working
order, and connected with the fleld telegraph
following the allied forces, the transmission of
news will be more satisfactory inevery way,
and we shall be relieved of the confusion arising
from the Shanghai despatches telling of each
passing rumor.

In Manchuria the Russians are making de-
cided progress in restoring their communica-
tions. They obtained possession of New-
chwang on Saturday last and occupied Char-
bin, the centre of the Manchurian railway sys-
tem, on Aug. 3, the day before. As soon as the
| communications between Charbin and New-
| chwang onthe railway to Port Arthur are re-
established, the Russian reénforcements
arriving overland will be directed south by that
| route, and the interrupted telegraph lines will be
restored, For the moment the Chinese hold the
section of the railway between Hai-cheng, a
short distance north of Newchwang and Char-
bn, but as the Russians will now he able to
close on them both from the north andsouth,
they should soon recover control of the line.
The various Russian columns acting {n Man-
churia and on the Amur are five {!n numberand
from seven to nine thousand strong each. This
does not include the force at Newchwang and
south of ft,

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The tenor of the latest news from Pretoria,
that of the plot to seize Lord Roberta, and the
other of influential burghers desiring the an-
nexation of the Transvaal by the British Goy-
ernment, isof such a character that itis no
doubtintended to prepare the public mind in
England for the step. A strong and growing
feeling was manifesting itself in England of late
against the policy of annexation, but Parlia-
ment is no longer sitting, and the Government
| which appearsin this matter to be entirely
under the control of the Secretary for the Colo-
nies, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, can afford to
disregard any expression of dissent not pro-
nounced in Parliament. The annexation by
proclamation would also have the advantage of
enabling the British Government to treat the
Transvaal burghers, who refused to surrender
| as rebels, and might, perhaps, accomplish what
the numerous British Generals with their su-
perior forces are unable to achieve.

 

The surrender of Gen, Prinsloo's force in the
Caledon Valley appears to have been brought
about chiefly by the failing ot its supply of am-
munition, the burghersonly having, according to
the official report, an average of about forty-
five cartridges each left. At last accounts Gen.
De Wet was still at large. He had apparently
worked his way round Gen. Methuen's left flank
and reached Buffels Hoek, west of Potchef-
stroom; from where he would find the way across
the rolling veldt, toward where Gen. Delarey
recently captured the Elands River garrison,
open to him, The escapeof Gen, De Wet from
the very critical position in which he was at
Reitzburg, considering the overwhelming
strength of the British force surrounding him,
is another of the many instances that have oc-
curred in this protracted war of the singular
lack among the British Generals of the capacity
to adapt their tacties to the conditions in which
they find themselves,

Infamy, Not Fame, for Bubness,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—-Sir: At Potts-
ville, Pa., Rollas Bubness was recently convicted of
| murder. Does he enter? EP. A,
BROOKLYN, Aug. 9.

 

} Bryan Boiled Down.
| TO THE Eprron or THE SUN— Sir: After

carefully reading that long and dreary speech made

by the Peerless leader and Perpetual candidate of the
Bryanarch party, | send you a condensed version.
he whole speech is simply: “All 0."
Explanation: “Nothing after all.”’
JERSEY CITY, Aug. 8. EDGAR J. DWYER.

IRISH APPEAL 70 PRESIDENT.

They Object to Lord Roberts Sending Irish-
American Prisoners to Ceylon.

The Executive Committee of the United Irish
League of this city held a special meeting yes-
terday to discuss the deportation of Boer
prisoners captured by Lord Roberte, having
learned that 233 of them, including twenty-
two Irish-Americans had been sent to the island
of Ceylon. The committee decided to send
the following letter on the subject to President
McKinley

“We respectfully ask your attention to the
news from Colombo, Ceylon, that 233 prisoners
of war, including twenty-two American citizens,
captured in South Africa by the British forces
operating against the Boers, have been sent
to, and arrived at, Ceylon, whose climate is
notoriously fatal to white men,

“Such a course on the part of Great Britain
is in violation of the laws of war which prescri
‘or prisoners of war such treatment while in
the hands of the enemy, as will not menace their
health nor restrict their liberty more than
is necessary to restrain them from again join-
ing their own forces and resuming hostility
to the captors, and is in most unfavorable
contrast to the Christian kindliness and care
extended by the Boers to those whom the for-
tune of war has placed within their hands.

“Sending of such prisoners into distant and
inclement countries is expressly against in-
ternational law. The United States provided
against it early in their pestory: witness the
treaty with Prussia in 1790, which definitely
sti Wlated, by its twenty-fourth article, that, no
prisoners of war, taken on either side, should
sent to the East Indies. This article was re-
peved by the Treaty of 1828, and yet continues
in force.
“The distinguished treatment so osten-
tatiously tendered by fnglane to Americans,
fighting on her behalf in the Boer war, tends
to remind us that she ie the right
of American citizens to e sides in con-
test. We are certainly entitled to demand
that those of them op} to her shall re-
ceive when captured, the treatment accorded,
by cizilized Powers.

“We, therefore, respectfully request im-
mediate action on the Rest of our Govern-
ment in the matter and that the attention of
the Government of Great Britain be at once
and emphatically directed to the violation
of law complained of, and further, that it be
called upon to promptly release and com-
pensate the American citizens 80 grossly out-
raged as such violation of law has voided their
capture.”

TRAINING UP CUBAN ORPHANS.

Reselts Accomplished by the Society Organ-
ized in This City,

In the first annual report of the Cuban Orphan
Soclety, which was organized in its present form
last November to carry on the work begun tn
May, 1899, bya preliminary organization, it is
shown that up to April last the society had spent
$40,004 in caring for and educating the orphan
and destitute children of Cuba. Interest in
the work of the society was shown at the time
of the Cuban Orphans’ Fair or the Children’s
National Easter Festival, at which the sum of
$28,800 was raised. This is not included in the
receipts of the society, which from other sources
amounted on April 1 to $48,724. The work in
Cuba since the present society was formed
has been in charge of Miss Laura D. Gill. Under
her direction settlements much on the plan of
the university settlements here have been
opened, which have included kindergartens
and English classes for adults and children.
These liave met with such success that two
normal kindergarten classes have been ppened
in Havana. The society has also established
an orphanage at Remedios capable of accom-
modating over 300 children, and kindergartens
at Cienfuegos and Guantanamo, the old asylums
in both places being taken for the purpose.
The report says:

“The chief work of the society has been to
organize in as many communities throughout
the island as possible kindergartens, settle-
ments and other approved forms of educational
and philanthropic work which would help
to mould the life of these communities and at
the same time serve as a model for similar
enterprises undertaken by other agencies,
Kindergarten and industrial training is as vet
unprovided by the public school authorities,
whose funds are inadequate to the need which
they discern clearly and desire to meet speedily.
Meanwhile the younger children of the island
who in some localities have lost the instinct o
play, are without the benefits of kindergarten,
while the older ones lack the training of eye
and hand so necessary to enable them to earna
livelihood.”

The policy of the society in the future, the
report says, will be to supplement the work
of the public schools by establishing kinder-
wartens and industrial training classes in as
many communities throughout the island as
its funds will permit. It hada balance on hand
on June 18 of $82,610.

NEGROES ON RACE HATRED,
Leaders of the Colored Population in New Or.
leans Thankful for Protection,

New ORLBANS, Aug. 10.--At a meeting to-day
of the leading negroes of New Orleans the Rev.
G. W. Henderson, Dean of Straight University,
presiding, resolutions were adopted, thanking
the Mayor, Governor and others who as-isted
in the protection of the negroes during the re-
cent riots. The meeting also expressed regret
that many of the better class of negroes in New
Orleans were sacrificing their real and personal
property, and selling out their homes here,
being frightened away by the race troubles,
and they were advised that there was no necee-
sity for this emigration.

The Rev. A. k. P. Albert, formerly editor of
the Southweatern Christian Advocate, and now
President of the Gilbert Industrial College at
Baldwin, La., which is modelled on Booker
Washington's Tuskegee Institute, issued an
address to-day in which he denounced Mias
Jewett and her blood-and-t hunder orators asthe
“misguided victims of their own inflamed
fancy, crazy agitators who are the enemies of
the colored people.” “The Southern negro has
beoome a ngony tor the Northern and Southern
politicians,” said Albert, “used as a martyr or
scarecrow to help them to office, and it is to
these politicians that the negroes owe their
disfranchisement. Weare Southerners. What
affects the Southern whites favorably or
unfavorably is bound to affect us in the same
way. We would be fools if we failed to recog-
nize it.”

Lightning and Rallroad Trains,

To THE EDITOR oF THE SUN—Sir: In a
letter to THE SUN, published to-day, L. A. Martin
asks the reason for the appafent immunity from
stroke by lightning of rallroad trains. The reason is
doubtless the same asthat which permits a person to
place his hands on a trolley rall without shock.

An electric current will take the path of least resist-
ance and the lightning bolt seeks the steel rails under
the train or the wires overhead, rather than the more
resisting materials of the cara.

Two years ago! was on a train which started out
of Long Island City at the same moment that an elec-
tric storm passed over, travelling io the same direc-
tion. Foramile or more the train was in the very
centre of the disturbance; the rails seemed to suck the
Mghtning from the clouds, and {t struck in front, be-
hind, underneath and all around the train with an
accompanying cannonade that was ear splitting.

No damage whatever was done, but every woman
in the car was crouched on the floor behind the seats
in abj-ct terror.

A railroad train would appear to be a mighty
safe place during a thunderstorm—provided, of
course, the train was on the track.

HOWARD GOLDSMITH.

FLORAL PARK, N, Y., Aug. 9

Men and Camp Stools,

To THE EpIroR oF THE SUN—Sir; Women
use the right hand instead of the left in leaving a car
because it is their habit to hold up their skirts with
the latter, They carry their purses, &c.,1n thetrright.
Watch and see if this isn't so.

We shouldn't, however, be too hard on the ladies
for this little mistake, dangerous as itis. Some gifted
men famous throughoat the land cannot easily ac
com plish what the ordinary fellow can easily do,

For Instance, Isawon the Long Branch boat the
other day a distinguished eltizen of this town, form
erly a United States Minister abroad, trying in
vain to fold one of the camp chairs, He turned and
twisted !t a dozen ways, and finally gave it up in dis-
gust. All he had todo was to grab the back bar of
the seat, lift It, and the chair folded Stself. Yet he
had been Minister. And there you are!

NEw YORK, Aug. 9 MAN UP 4 TRER

Likewise the Bootblack Cries.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN -Sir: Is it not Pos-
sible also, while the ery ison, to protest against this
new and abominable outrage as enacted on board the
ferryboats, particularly those controlled by the Union

Ferry Company. Any morning or night crossing th
Fulton, Wall or South Street Ferss, thas one ane
only ery of “Shine?” Polish?" ts thrown directly inty
the face of each and every \infortunate passenger that
enters the men's side of the boat and is kept up
through the cabins until the other side of the river is
reached, much to the disgust of those wishing to read
thetr pa pers. W.H,
New York, Aug, 9.

Shy of Reports From Shanghai.
From the Indianapolis Press
Mrs. Jason-Run out and git th
Jentel; wit Jist make tne a a
tr. Jason—Dunno whether they'’s an there
Bot. It's thas there Shanghai nen a-cac! lin? °

AMERICAN TRAINMEN IN MEXICO.

Their Arbitrary Imprisonment in Case of a
Rallroad Accident.

To THe Epitox or THs Sux—Sir: Ido not
know to what extent the readers of your paper
have realized the systematic abuses and out-
rages to which American citizens are subjected
by the Mexican police authorities. This {s not
a campaign letter, for as a matter of fact I de-
sire the reélection of President McKinley. The
police outrages of which I complain existed
during the régime of Grover Cleveland. I
think, other things being equal, that if the
leaders of the Republican party will only in-
terest themselves in so small a matter, there is
more hope of relief from them than from the
opposing party.

Itis the constant but altogether unjustifiable
practice of the Mexican police to arrest
American officials in charge of trains when
there is an accident, and to keep them in prison
for long terms, not only without trial, but even
without the preliminary investigation which
ought to be made immediately after the arrest
by the Judge of Instruction, who answers to
our District Attorney. The Criminal Code of
Mexico is borrowed from the French. In both
there is manifest a tendency to be hard upon an
accused person in order that no guilty man
may escape. . But the Mexican police are not
content with Mhis, butturn the regulations of
their code into an instrument of wrong to
American citizens which should never have
been permitted by American Consuls and
American Ministers in Mexico, The regulation
is that the accused shall be kept in, solitary
confinement and allowed to communicate with
no one during seventy-two hours.

While he is “incommunicado,’’ hets supposed
to be visited and questioned by the Judge of
Instruction, who is allowed to go to uny latitude
to obtain convicting testimony, or best of all
aconfeasion. If, during the seventy-two hours
the Judge has not gained sufficient evidence, he
is allowed to demand a continuance, nor is
there any limit to the continuationa, t
prisoner in the meanwhile being in the strictest
solitary confinement.
tis plain to unprejudiced men that the police
must everywhere be armed with the fis + to
arrest on suspicion, and that time must be given
to District Attorneys to work upon a case. But
my complaint is that while the police make the
arrest legally, they do not turn over any case
to the Ju of Instruction, that there is
no record of the case, which ju ly does not
exist. But the American is in Be n all the
same, eating his heart out wit! at hope de-
ferred which maketh the soul sick.

At the beginning of last winter the American
authorities in Mexico ar wer’. informed that a
prisoner named Murray had died in the prison
of San Juan de Ulloain the port of Vera Cruz.
He was a locomotive engineer on the old
Mexican line to Vera Cruz, and was concerned

n an accident. Being knocked senseless he
could not get away, and so was arrested and
taken to the prisonat Orizaba. He soon re-
covered of his injuries, but his health was
affected by the confinement, and he was sent to
San Juan de Ulloa, which is a@ political prison,
in Nopes to restore him. He died, however,
after fourteen months’ imprisonment, and there
is no doubt that the malady that killed him was
despair, I understand that he left a widow an
two children, and it seems to me that she ought
to receive some pecuniary compensation for the
blighting of her life, and that arrests of this
character ought to cease.

Tt is plain that the suspicion upon which the
police arrest American trainmen after an acci-
dent isnot the usual kind of suspicion upon
which the police arein the habit of acting. It
{s rather a foregone conclusion that in case of a
wreck the train officials either are or ought to
be considered responsible. To me it seems that
these arrests are aim ply outrages, because the
cause of a wreck can be learned only by inves-
tigation, and there never is an investigation
unless the accident happens in the vicinity of
the capital.

The causes of the worst accidents that took
place during my stay In Mexico were in every
instance bad engineering construction. The
curves were short, the gradients weresteep and
the trains were immensely long. When vesti-
buled trains were introduesd in the States !t
was discovered that they could not discount a
short curve. So it was in Mexico upon the
Interoceanic Railroad, where upon two occa-
sions hundreds of lives were lost. In each the
gradient was so steep going down hill that the
ears bored in upon each other, and the whole
train became as rigid as a vestibuled train.
When the short curve was reached the train
bored in upon the tender, and the latter upon
the engine, which was literal'y pushed off the
track and down asteop cliff by its own train.
The man who was responsible for those two
holocausts was a Mexican civil engineer. But
the train officials would have been arrested all
the same, if they had not run away secretly.

Now, it is clear to me that arrests should not
be made until an investigation has shown that
there was negligence on the part of the train
officials, It would be sufficient for the police to
notify the superintendent of the railroad where
the accident took place that the officials of that
train woula be wanted in that event, and that
they must be forthcoming. The trainmen need
have nothing to say to any Mexican officials
but could be reached by their own superiors. If
they did wrong they ought je be punished
judicially by the sentence of a Judge, and not
by the wholly "nauthorized action of the police.
The latter have power to arrest but not to de-
tain in prison for long periods men whom they
may suspect

The whole matter is agroas abuse of the
power given to the police and of the confidence
Fepored in them. EDWARD GARCZYNSEI.

New York. Aug. 10

A Character Sketch,

TO THE EDIroR orf THE SUN-—Sir: Para-
Dhrasing Dr Johnson,! woult say that Bryan is
brisk asa bee when chin-wagging from a cart tail,
but puta pen In his band and it becomes a torpedo to
him and benumbs all his faculties The difference
between him and'Senator Hoar on tmperialism {8 the
difference between brains and blather. The Senator's
mental equipmentenabled him to argue a bad case
with splendid ability. Bryan cannoteven copy him.
The constant use of Mr. Lincoln's name in his school
hoy composition can only excite resentment. Whata
pity that marvellous man ts not here to dispose of the
Boy Orator in an epigram!

Mr. Bryan ts not of Presidential caliber.
not be trusted with Lincoln's place.

NPW YORK, Aug. 9. FE. W. VANDERHOOP.
Farther Refinements Suggested to the Shirt-
waist Man,

Oh, You Horrid Thing!

You Shirt-waist Man

Get hence!

Don't you know

That you're not planned

For négligé effects?

Can't you realize

‘That if we allowed you

‘To leave off your coat

There's no know!ng where you'd stop ?

For you're Just the sort

‘That needs an iron hand

To keep you In your place

And thatis in your coat!

No velvet paw,

No angel's touch will ever lead you,

But a few swift lines

Like these

May make you see

The error of your ways.

It may be true that you have your trousers made

With high bips—

Whatever that may mean;

And that you sport a belt

In which you seem to have perfect confidence.

Hut, oh!

Lal-lalla-la-lat

Poor thing,

Don't you know

That if you wear a shirt waist

You must bave dress shields,

Anda pulley belt,

And one of the new straight front ones,

And safetypins,

And lattice work effects

Through which there is

A dim shadowy view,

Low necked

Cut "Vv,"

And finished with a fence,

Through which runs baby ribbon,

So called,

Though not for infant's wear

Exclusively,

And dinky litle bows?

It takes all this

‘To make a shirt waist possible;

But there are lots of things,

Shirt-waist Man,

‘That you've yet to learn,

‘Take heed,

Cling to your coat,

And shoes,

And socks,

Ad other queer things that you wear.

For truly, Shirt-waist Man,

You are a sight

‘To make the angels

Flap’ .eir wings and coo with merriment.

Now, be alee,

Put on your coat

And try to forget you ever took it off

And wore high hips.

Shirt waist Man,

You wont dol bs *

Kats Masterson.

Re must

CANADIAN INDEPENDENCE.

The League Buttons and What They Mean.

MONTREAL, A 9.—It appears that the
Independence ty of Canada has not only
the persecution of the Liberal Government
of Sir Wilfrid Laurier to meet in the seizure
of its emblems in the Custom House, bit
so I learn from a prominent member of tha
league, has had further obstacles placed in'the
way of its propaganda by the refusal of the
New York manufacturing concern that has
hitherto supplied its emblems to fill any more
orders for them. The reason which, I under-
stand, it gives for this is that the Canadian
Customs authorities would interfere with its
business in Canada. The league members,
however, say they are not in anyway dis-
couraged by these troubles, but intend to see
about having them made in Canada if they
cannot be had elsewhere.

‘The button of the old Independence League,
which was founded some eight years ago by
Mr. Jason X. Perrault, at present Assistant
Commissioner at the Paris Exhibition, is being
worn by its members in public now, as the
mombers of the Independence party are wenr-
ing theirs, and there is no doubt that but for
the action of the Ottawa authorities and tha
American manufacturing company the num-
ber of people exhibiting it all over the country
would considerably startle the imperialist
jingoes and their Liberal allies.

The pro-imperialist press is naturalty very
jubilant at the way the Government has put
its foot down on the propaganda of the traitors,
as it styles them, but the result of {¢ all nas
been to advertise the idea and bring {it into
public discussion. From the Lakes to the
Atlantic the question of independence has been
raised, and outside of the papers owned by
imperialist title-hunters it is discussed with
moderation and generally with fayor. Th
Huron Erpostor, a sading and hlgh-toned
newspaper of Ontario, deprecates the abuse
of those holding the idea that Canada would
be better off as an independont country than
in its present condition of colonial subjection,
and says that the action of the Ottawa Govern-
ment in sending a contingent to South Africa
has raised an issue that has to be faced. Canada,
it says, is no longer where it was,
but may be called on much sooner than {s gen-
erally thought to choose between indapendenca
and absorption in a contraliend imperialism
with the loss of its power of self-government.
By a curious coincidence, a letter from Nova
Scotia, which I have received, bearing the sama
date as the paper alluded to, expresses a similar
vay of the panies. ied ree eayst

“I am under s' al o ations for t
of the Beponoloniot of au York at fear
lets of the Continental Union League recently
forwarded me, as it substantiates the conten
tion I am constantly putting forward respecting
the questions Canada will soon be led upon
to settle for good and all as to her future status
among the nations. I hold that we can never
go back to the position we occupied before the
Gresent yer nor can we remain as at fect th

  
   
 
 

\e must elther go forward and perfect tha
unity of the Empire by constitutional enact-
ment or declare for independence. 1 am for
independenos at any cost.

A convention of French-speak fans
in the maritime provinces {s to be he id at Ari-
chat In Nova Scotia on Aug. 15 at which dele-
gn’. from this province will be present and

{r Wilfrid Laurier is to speak. His discourse
is looked forward to with considerable interest,
as previous to going down there he is to meet
his constituents of Quebec East, where Inde-
pendence buttons are much in vogue. %

Sebatedlaniatnbbanecseineiaats

Suppressed Opinion of the South.

To THe Eprtor oF Trae Sun—Sir: Inan
article {n your valued paper of Sunday, Aug 6,
‘*AReal Danger,"’ yousay: ‘That group of States
(the old Southern Confederacy) {s practically
distinct from the rest of the Union in being
wholly uninflueneed politically by the great
questions of national policy whioh divide public
sentiment so sharply in all other States. At
the same time, however, intelligent Southern
men have opinions on these subjects no lees de-
cided than those held elsewhere in the Union,
but they are restrained from giving them publia
and political expreasion, &0.’

This is no doubt true. Many of my thinking
neighbors are in eyppathy with the pres-
ent licy of the Republican party, and
would gladly shake off the shackles of the go-
«1 Democracy, but we are kept under the
yoke by the Fifteenth Amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. Repeal that
amendment and so settle the negro question
once for all and primary elections would soon
become things of the past and citizens would
break up into parties as they doin the North.
I may add that I have never voted in this State,
although I have resided her
still consider New York my
vote there if I
fall to register th

OakLeY, Aug. 6,

ve years, for
. ome, and shell
manage to get there in the
rty days before election.
AMERICAN.

He Shirt Waist Notes.

From the Rochester Post Espress.
Weare glad that downtrodden man ts beginning
to assert himself. He has not yet won the right to
wear a ratin his hair, but he is making progress.

From the Cleveland Plain Dealer.

Who knows? Perhaps next summer we will all eee
portentous signs that read: ‘Your choice of all our
Men's Shirt Walstsain our great unloading sale, 09
cents.”

From the Kaneas City Journal.

It isa rule in the leading hotel at Independenceghat
no man shall be allowed to sit Inthe dining room in
bisshirt sleeves. The other day a farmer, invited by
4 town friend, penetrated the sacred precincts without
his coat and commenced to eat his dinner. Atonce
the head walter communicated with the office and
Dresently the chief clerk came bearing a coat which
the farmer was politely requested todon. This he
did without betraying any visible signs of offence or
mortification, and then proceeded to finish the meal.
At the end he rose, deliberately removed the coat and
hung it across the back of his chair, and marched out
with the cheerful remark that b’gosh he guessed he
didn't need !t any longer.

A Great Scottish House.

From the Architects’ and Builders’ Magasina

Lord Bute has been twenty years at the construe-
tion of a princely seat in the island of Rute, but not
unt] the chapel, now almost completed, is ready will
Mt. Stuart be truly finished for all future generations
The entrance hall of the house has alone cost $500
000, Monolith columns of rare and beautiful marble,
support the arcaded gallery, which, in its turn, is rich
in marble and bronze, and blazes with blue and fawn
color and gold. The floor is like that of the Colonna
Palace in Rome—huge blocks of purple porphyry and
marbles of infinite variety and hues and markings

Marble has been used lavishly throughout the whole
house. Only one room, says a recent visitor there
the pleasant ‘‘garden parlor” —is without {t, and hera
the woodwork and white paint areacharming changs
from the somewhat oppressive stateliness of the rest
of the great building. Not one I!brary contents the
Marquis of Bute, He has three, the white, red and bive
ibraries, opening out of one another, and they bear
evidence of his eclectic taste, not only as regards ths
contents of the shelves, but the scheme of decoration
and the few priceless pictures which find place on
their walls. The dining room is chiefly remarkable
for an exquisitely carved antique mantelptece, in
purest Parian marble, and for the graceful crystal
shields to the electric lights.

What Is Expected of Bryan.

From the Boston Evening Transcript.

The Southern whites are not entirely confident that
the ‘grandfather clause’ in the amendment to the
North Carolina Constitution will survive the crucible
of the courts, and the Louisedila Courter. Journal anys
itis understood that the amendment is not made oper-
ative until July 1, 1902, in the hope that changes in
the Supreme Court by that Ume will render that body
more favorable to the amendment than It Is feared the
Present court might be. In other words, in the event
of a change inthe political complexion of the national
Administration, {t 1s hoped and expected that the
Supreme Court will be packed in order to render tho
victory against the negro suffrage at the South per
fect and complete.

If, then, in a word, the Southern whites are counting
upon the election of Bryan in the belief that the
Supreme Court will be made subservient to thetr de
sires, how ts |t possible for any one who holds that the
Filipinos have tnalienable rights which the United
States Governmentisin equity bound to respert to
ald in the election of one who Is depended upon to tn-
dorse and perpetuate an injustice to the negroes?

Indebted to the Cook's Friend.
From the Philadelphia Press.

“IT see,” said the friend who had been Invited to
dinner, ‘that the roast beef is very rare. I really be
Neve you had it cooked that way because you knew
my fondness for it’

“So glad it pleases you,” replied Mrs. Hiram Offen
“Dut we had no say aboutit. That's the way th
Policeman on this beat Iikes it."’

Is This a Positive Fact?
From the Haberdasher.
‘There are not ten men in every thousand ep built
that they can go without suspenders,

-—--- 2 eo

SE —— - Se

a ee ee ae ae ee ee

GP oft oa > «iin 2 ae

SSSB@es sSseseansserserverzeeonzrne2cc«s