—,

%

    
  
    

  

NEW BOOKS
sof Important and Interesting
New Puabiications.

re in opening Beatrice Whitby's
thed,”” (Harper & Brothers), to

 

Brief Review

It Is a pleasu
novel, “Bequea
come upon the
There ts u promise,
name; it bas the
instinct or some

warrant upon it.
a fifth son, He was @ member of a large

family, whose creditable length of pedigree
ould not altogether cx unterbalance a depres-
sing shortness of PurNe. The father, Col
Tempest, made it u point of principle to edu-
cate bis sons as Tempests had hitherto boon
educated, and then he cast them forth to shift
‘or thernse! ves."

Weare in good conrany, and we kuew from
the first that the Tempo-ts were to be credited
with along and honora! e pedigree, The short-
nese of the Tempest family purse does not dls-
turb us. Richard Tempest was off fishing at
Ottermouth With his (riend, Gilbert Wykeham.
What a difference of names! Tempest is a
name of strength, whereas the reader knows of
Gilbert Wykeham, as soon as his name ls men-
tioned, that he 1s gentlo, unassertive, perhaps
feeble, and probably well todo. What would a
Gilbert Wykeham do In the world, indeed,
without a fortune to support him? We learn
presenuy that the eldeg Wykeham had thought
of this and had left his son money acoordingly.
Arainy day at Ottermouth brings out the char-
acters of the two young men, They can-
rot go fishing, and in the coffee room
of the Victoria Hotel Richard Tempest, @ frown
on his face, stands drummJng impatiently on
the bay window, while Gilbert Wykeham sits
calinly !n an easy chair reading a novel, “You're
an enviable chap, Gilbert," sald his friend; “like
love, you laugh at obstacles,” and he went on
drumming, while Gilbert absently replied that
the rain was a Huisanos, but that it was not the
right time of day for a change, since it was only
40'clock.

Which of these young men does the reader
think was likely to win Ethel Miidinay, who was
at that moment playing the harp and singing
“oft in the Stilly Night’ in her great-aunt’s
very pretty little parlor at Paxford House,
Otterton road, not far away? Tempest was
strongly built, with a broad, musoular frame,
andathick throat. His face was not much to
bovst of, his occupation In life was to sit on a
stooland keep books in some sort of a mercan-
tile establishment at Studholme, and he hada
temper. Even Miss Montgomery-Jones, whom
he had never had the slightest wish to marry,
had quite gratultously snubbed him, for all
the world as though he had had the wish,
and ber absurd mother had done the same
thing, intimating very frankly and pointedly
that the Montgomery-Joneses knew their sta-
tion {n life and wished the Tempests to be aware
of it. Wykeham, on the other hand, was the
master of Woodsford House in Devonshire, a
very comfortable place, dating from some way
back in the Victorian era, and he bad an ample
fortune to go along with the house, and was
very good looking. Nobody had ever snubbed
him; and, ag we say, we wonder which one of
these two the reader will think was most likely
to win Ethel Mildmay, singing in her great-
aunt's cottage to a harp accompaniment played
by herself

A very charming place must Paxford House,
Otterton road, Ottermouth, have been. It was
surrounded by flowers, which Ethel Mildmay
cared for; ivy arew over it, and its parlor was
“a dainty room, all white and green and
Dresden china, a sanctum essentially feminine,”
onda perfect setting for the young girl and her
great-aunt, who had been crossed in love and
had never married. We are willing to betray
the essential secrets of no author's novel, and
we shall not relate all that took place in Pax-
ford House. It wasa privilege to these young
men, #0 recently lonely, and atiil wet
and muddy from their walk in the rain, to
watch the elder Miss Mildmay making tea, It
was dificult for them to believe that there had
ever been anything tragic in her life. “How
could a woman with a broken heart take such
vastinterestin so consmonplace a ceremony?
How seriously she treated it, her old, unsteady
hands ladling out the tea from a silver caddy in
a quaintiy fashioned spoon with fluttering
haste, because she feared the water which
hissed and bubbled fn the urn was boiling itself
flat meanwhile. Then, with watch in hand,
she timed the drawing of the beverage,
dispensing it, at length, in tiny Sevres
cups, with rat-tail spoons to stir the
clotted cream that mellowed the strength of
the brew. Gilbert praised the tea.” Ah, Gil-
bert! He was at peace and at ease. He had
home, money, good looks, Hecould bethink
himself to pay compliments. He had praised
Ethel’s singing too, and had let her know that
1 pleased him to find her playing the harp ata
time when most girls had taken to the banjo.
Kut we are not going to say whether it was
Gilbert or Richard who won Ethel. In the
course of thestory {t was shown how (ilbert
was affected when trouble came to him—for
trouble may come even to persons so well
cunrded against it as Gilbert was—and how
Rchard long supported trouble and compassed
fappiness at last.

On page 190 we findit sald: ‘A man that is
Worth calling a man never {indulges in tacties ip
hisown {nterests; he hasa candid male habit
énd does not look pleased unless he feels
pleased.” But on page 217 we find Richard
Tempest smiling when he waa not at all pleased
anditis said: “If he was out of humor he had
talent for concealing sucha fact with grace.”
The trouble, we suspect, is not with Richard,
butin the generalivation.

an assurance, in such a
right sound; some

 

There is a rare pleasure to be attained in the
reading of such a book as Mr. Walter Dwight
Wileox's handsome volumo on “The Rockies
o Canada” (Putnams), which is a revised and
enlarged edition of his “Camping in the Cana-
Clan Rockies,” published several seasons ago.
Here are delightful chapters on mountaineering,
camp life, hunting and fishing and kindred
subjects, supplemented with maps and sketches
and @ series of photogravure and half-tone
Plates from original photographs which give
4 clearer {dea of the beauties of the country
than tha most elaborate and seientifie word
painting, The Canadian Rockies with their
Rentle beauty of placid lakes and upland
meadows gay with bright flowers, their vast
Sveeps of greon forests and the stern grandeur
of tholr rugged cliffs and snow fields offer much
© those who love the study of nature and enjoy
the rough life of camp with its attendant hunt-
‘ng and fishing and mountain climbing. The
reat system of the Pacifle Cordillera, generally
called tha Rocky Mountains, commences far
@outh In Maxico and sweeps north to Alaska,
aad the alkaline valleys of Nevada and the
cle fers of Alaska, the cactus of Arizona and

‘@ evergreen forests of British Columbia
mark the diversity of climate ina mountain
: ‘tem of such vast extent. The Canadian
‘ores have no single peaks or groups of
‘Hountains so far discovered equal to the Jung-
Irau, the Matterhorn, or Mont Blanc. Their
Interest deyends on natural beauty, added to
the fact that their solitudes are as yet com-
baradvely unfrequented by travellors,and where
many of the larger rivers and mountain ranges
remain as yot unexplored, every side valley
offers some bossibility of discovery. The
mountatneer et, fingon the windswept sum-

mit ¢ e!

7 ; some Hix) point commands a view, not
: sr ~~ of mountains as in Switzer-
oa 1 ind plains beyond, but of a
haolc upheaval where countles e

taf 63s peaks and

stmoet pos ue every direction beyond the
See bites bes itty of _ Vision. All this region
the completion of gene en wilderness before
hen ce iof the Canadian Paciilo road,
tain climt Beg ¥ world was opened to moun
na vil ors and travellers, The trout fisher
Man will fly
= ee a him keen to try his luck—tales
cheapie Phi Pe ‘t pounders and lakes that are
Blac that 4 mene or lis advent and that resem-
aS Farnous fresh trout stream once de-
emir " an suucinn tie native to a cockney
wather’a sim 1 ish, yer honor? Sure the
chapter { ame shtift wid ‘em!"” An interesting
end s devoted to the Stony Indians, a tribe
Que in their manner of life and ideas
WR on the borde :

seri

—————————————————

name of Richard Tempest. |

memory puts a strong |
“Richard Tempest Was |

id stories here told by Mr. Wilcox |

ts of the great Canadian
t

   
  

 

 

they are a branch of the Sioux, no one knows

whence they came, but during the last half
' gentury at least they have held the foot hills
of the Roakies for a home and have used the
mountains as a hunting ground. They have
the reputation of being the flercest fighters
| among the Northwestern tribes, and have
cruelly punished their enemles, the Blackfeet,
In many encounters on the plains. Neverthe-
less they are the friends of the white man,
and, according to Mr. Wiloox, they are excep-
tionally faithful, are honest, cannot be tempted
to steal, are true to thelr word and have an
abhorrence of alcohol—though ft ts a fact that
one, Chiniquay, a chief's son, charged Mr. Wil-
cox $1 for the privilege of photographing him.
A story is here told which well illustrates their
oourage: “A young brave named Susl was
encamped with his family in the Poroupine
Hills east of the Rockies, After hunting sheep
and goats all day, he was returning to his tepee
and upon entering an open forest glade came
unexpectedly on a huge grizzly bear.
fired, though too quickly for good alm, and
only wounded the bearin the forefoot, Walking
backward, and trying to get another car-
tridge In his rifle, he stumbled on a log and fell,
The bear Jumped upon hiin before he could
recover, Then ensued a fight to the death,
The Indian turned on his side and seized the
bear’s ear with his left hand. In the other he
held his Hudson's Bay hunting-knife, a forml-
dable weapon like a small sword, and with this
kept striking the bear on face and neck, Blind
and clawing, the {nfuriated animal reared on
his hind legs several times {n an effort to throw
the Indian from him. At length both con-
testants, weakened from loss of blood, fell to
the ground, when Susi, with a desperate effort,
drove ghe knife between the bear's shoulders,
but had no strength to pull the weapon out,
Maddened with pain, the bear gave his head a
great toss and threw the Indian several yards
to one side. On the following morning Susi's
people began to search for him. Within a few
yards of the dead bear the Indian was found
and carried back to camp. There they dressed
his wounds and roasted the feet of the grizzly,
that he might eat them and become a mighty
hunter, for by eating the bear's feet the spirlt
of the animal wouldenter and give him courage.
When asked what he thought about while the
fight was going on he sald: ‘I was thinking--
why is a bear’s ear not long like a deer’s.’” An
appendix contains some useful information
for travollers and a tabulated series of historical
facts of interest.

Miss Helen M. Winslow of Boston, Maass.,
loves and understands the common domestio
cat and all its ways, and her book, “Concerning
Cats; My Own and Some Others” (Lothrop
Publishing Company, Boston, Mass.), {s full of
entertainment and instruction. She does not
agree with the often-quoted slander for which
Buffon was responsible—but {s rather inclined
to quote with approval such an authority as
Théophile Gautier, who has sald that “to gain
the friendship of a cat ts a diMcult matter.
The cat is a philosophical, methodical, quiet
animal, tenacious of its own habits, fond of
order and cleanliness, and it does not lightly
confer its friendship. If you are worthy of
its affection, a cat will be your friend, but never
your slave. He keeps his free will, though
he loves, and he will not do for you what he
thinks unreasonable; but if he once gives him-
self to you, it is with such absolute confidence,
suoh fidelity of affection. He makes himself
the companion of your hours of solitude, melan-
choly and toil. He remains for whole evenings
on your knee, uttering his contented purr,
happy to be with you, and forsaking the com-
pany of animals of his own species. In vain do
melodious mewings on the roof Invite him to

| plains not far from the Rockies, Except that

es

play the part of tea and cakes; he is not to be
tempted away from you. Put him down and
he will Jump up again, with a sort of cooing
sound that {s like a gentle reproach; and some-
times he will sit upon the carpet tn front of you,
looking at you with eyes so melting, so caress-
ing, and so buman, that they almost frighten
you, for it ts impossible to believe that a soul
is not there.” Mias Winslow's book, which is
handsomely illustrated, 1s dedicated to the
“Pretty Lady,” a former pet, who, she tells us,
never betrayed a secret or broke a promise,
or proved an unfaithful friend; who had all
the virtues and none of the fatlings of her sex

She was of Angora or Coon descent,and she was
exceptionally regular in her habits. She never
went out at night and in the course of her nine
years of sojourn on this planet she had ninety-
three kittens of her own, besides two adopted
ones. It was her custom to come upstairs at
4A. M., and Jump suddenly upon her mistress's
bed, sometimes landing upon the pit of the
lady’s stomach and thereby somewhat suddenly
awakening her. But Miss Winslow consoled
herself with the thought that Richelleu, and
Wellington, and Mahommed and many other
great and discriminating persons loved cats.
There were compensations, “I remembered,”
she says, with some stirrings of secret pride,
“that it is only the artistic nature, the truly
msthetio soul, that appreciates poetry, and
grace, and all refined beauty, who truly loves
cats; and thus meditating with closed eyes,
I courted slumber again, throughout the break-
{ng dawn, while the cat purred in delight close
at hand.” When the Pretty Lady left for the
happy hunting grounds in which the good cats
foregather, her place was taken by one Thomas
Erastus, a melancholy, half-starved, grayish
Maltese who arrived one Saturday evening just
aa the family was partaking of the regular
Boston baked beans sacred to that day. He
was promptly fed and under the invigorating
influence of the succulent and satisfying bean
he proceeded to chase every foreign cat off
the premises and settled down to stay. He
also developed the early morning waking
habit, and he adopted a patronizing and paternal
air toward the other cats of the family. Mise
Winslow has written chapters about other
persons’ cats, historlo cats, high-bred cats
{n England and America, the cats of poetry
and art, cat hospitals and refuges, and the
diseases of cats and their treatment. Sho has
treated the whole subject of cate In a large and
comprehensive way. Among many  ohar-
acteristic illustrations we notice one in which
Mrs. Ella Wheeler Wilcox is shown In theprivacy
of her Nterary den. She is loosely yet grace-
fully clad in what at a hazard we should de-

and the man with the camera has caught her
at the moment that she Js writing a passionate
poem with one hand and scratching the back
of her favorite cat with the other.

of cats there is pointed out the necessity of
keeping them free from fleas and, above all,
of discouraging them in the habit of staying
outat night.

 

The tenth volume of the ‘Official Records of
the Union and (Confederate Navies" (Govern-

the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron from
May 6 to Oct. 27, 1864, The period as a whole
was one of hard, tiresome work, broken by oc-
casional battles and attacks on shore forts, The
principal event recorded is Cushing's blowing
up o: the Confederate steamship Albemarle, on
Oct. 27, 1864. Thereports of this feat, though
dated after the final date of the volume before
us, are included in it for convenience.

Ihe second number of North American Notes
and Queries (Quebec, Canada, Raoul Renault)
is as interesting as the first.
consideration of the disputed date of Gen,
Montgomery's death before Quebec. the result
of the study showing that Franklin was right
in placing bis death on Deo. 31, 1775, and Dr
Kingsford, the most recent historian of Canada,
wrong ia Oxing it 48 occurring on Jan. 1, 1778.
A history of “Yankee Doodle" follows, The rest
| of the magazine is made up of matter quite as
interesting to Americans, whether living on tha
side of the St. Lawreuove or the other, Two rare
cuts ilustrate the number

a
SSS ees ssestsenseseeso

A'brecht Durer forms the subject of the fifth
volume of the "Monographs on Artists,” edited
by Prof. H. Knackfuss, and published by Vel-
hago & Klasing in Bielefe'd and Leipzig, and
by Lemeke & Buechner in New Yor The text
is by Prof. Knackfuss biuself, and is trans-

 

He |

ne of those cat parties in which fishbones |

scribe asan Americo-Antique morning gown |

In a com. |
prehensive chapter on the general treatment |

ment Printing Office), advance sheets of which |
have Just been sent out, covers the history of

It opens witha |

THE SUN, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 1900. 2

|

 

 

 

lated into EngUsh by Mr. Campbell Dodgson of
the British Museum. The book is character-
ized by the accurate information put in read-
able shape, as well as by the profuse illustra-
tions that mark the previous volumes, For
some reason the Direr woodcuts do not come
out as well as they should In the process of re-
produotion used. The plotures, however, serve
their purpose, and the full-page portrait of the
rinety-three-year-old man is excellent. The
price of the monographs is amazingly cheap.

 

 

Mr. James Mason's lucid little introduction to
the game of kings, ‘The Principles of Chess In
Theory and Practice,” is published in a third
edition by Horace Cox. Whatever the beginner
can acquire from a book he will find here in
compact form, and put clearly. There are
plenty of diagrams to illustrate the points made.
The principal openings in the game are ex-
plained and criticised, The book is attractive
| in makeupand so smallin bulk that even the
timid will not fear to take their first steps in
cheas after reading It,

“The National Conventions and Platforms of
| all Political Parties, 1789 to 1900," by Mr
Thomas Hudson McKee (The Friedenwald
| Company, Baltimore), presents in conveniently
arranged form much information that will be
particularly useful thie year. It gives the
names of the candidates put in nomination at
every Presidential election, the votes by which
they were nominated and those received tn the
electoral college, the popular vote from the
time it was first recorded, and after the conven-
tion system and party platforms arves the
party declarations are given in full. Moreover
the political division of each Congress is re-
| corded and there are portraits of all the Presi-
dents. The book is in its third edition,
|
}

 

We have also reocived: .

“Rome: Ita Rise and Fall.”
Myers, L. H.D. (Ginn & Co.)

“Epitome tes Kaines Diathekes.”” Nicholas J.
Stoffel, C.8.C. (The University Press, Notre
Dame, Ind.)

“A Study of the Greek Paean.”’ Arthur Fair-
banks, Ph, D. (Cornell Studies in Classical
Philology. Macmillans.)

“Index to Xenophon's Memorabilla.” Catha-
rina Maria Gloth and Maria Francisca Kellogg.
(Cornell Studies in Classical Philology. Mac-
milians.)

“Whom the Winds Carry.” Cora Bewell.
W. Dillingham Company )’

“Clare Duval.” Clement Wilkes. (G. W, Dil-
lingham Company.)

“Father Anthony; a Romance of To-day.”
Robert Buchanan. (G. W. Dillingham Com-
pany.)

Philip Van Ness

a.

A WOMAN SET THE FIRE.

Attempt to Burn the Old Vanderbilt Hotel at
Clifton, S, L.—Shavings and Kerosene Used,

For attempting to set fire to the old Vander-
| bilt Aotel in Bay street, Clifton, Staten Island,
| early yesterday morning, Catherine Miller, 40
years old, a former servant at the hotel, was
| held for the Grand Jury yesterday afternoon

by Magistrate Croak at New Brighton on @

charge of attempted arson.
Thomas McCormack, proprietor of the hotel,
left the house and went to South Beach Thurs-
day evening, leaving several summer boarders
and servants in the building, Mr, MoCormack
returned home about 1 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing and saw a fire at the rear of his premises,
Re hurried to the rear of the building and found
| the fence on fire. The fence was only a few

feet away from the basement door and near-
| by was a barrel partly filled with shavings
soaked in kerosene,

The inmates of the house were aroused, and
with their aid the fire was put out, Fire Mar-

shal Lestrange learned from McCormack that
@ servant named Catherine Miller had been

discharged recently, and suspicion was di-
her. Lestrange found the woman
boarding with a Mrs. Rankin in New York ave-
nue, Clifton, She at first denied setting fire
to the fence, but finally admitted to Lestrange
that she had prepared the barrel of shavings
soaked the contents with kerosene and ha
fot are to the fence, intending to destroy the
1otel,

Lestrange arrested the woman, who it is
thought, is slightly demented, She told Le-
strange that she had made the attempt be-
cause she was discharged,

 

rected to

SAYS HE'LL KILL CHONG GNOW,

And His Daughter Florence, Too, if They Get
Marrted— Conple Still Missing.

Mrs. Fliza Mark sat nearly all day yesterday
in the office of lawyer Mark Alter {n West Tenth
street, waiting for Chong Gnow, the Chinaman
who ran away with her daughter Florence on
Wednesday. The Celestial and the girl had
asked the lawyer to make arrangements for
their marriage, and they Were expected to call
on him during the day. They didn't do so,
however, and no tidings that they were married
anywhere else have been received.

*I would rather see my girl dead and buried
than married to that man,” Mrs. Mark repeated
again andagain. “She left a resnectable home
to disgrace the family by running away with a
Chinee, and I don't want her back again."

Mrs. Mark's sentiments were echoed by her
husband and her three stalwart sons. Mr
Mark said:

“If I find that Maggie has married that man,I
will shoot both him and her.”

Mra. L. E. Beok of 127 Stuyvesant avenue,
Brooklyn, superintendent of the Friends’
Chinese Mission at Tompkins avenue and Kos-
elusko streal, called at Tur Sun office last
night to say that Gnow has not been at the
school for several weeks, He never visited the
school, she said, with Florence Marks as has
been esserted, The Marks girl never had any-
thing to do with the mission. Mrs. Beck said
that three weeks ago she found the Marks, girl
with Gnow in the laundry ofa Chinaman. Bhe
says she took the girl home, kept her for three
days and then sent her to her parents.

TOLD A YARN OF REPENTANCE.

Alleged Bank Robber's Story to a Preacher
—Probably a Swindling Game,

CINCINNATI, Aug. 10.-—On last Monday the
Rev. Dr. C. G. Jones, pastor of the First.Bap-
tist Church, Covington, Ky., was visited by a
man aged about 40, of plausible address, who
gave his name as St. Clair. He said to the
preacher:

‘Ten years ago, with a friend, I robbed tho
First National Bank of Youngstown, Ohio. We
got $10,000, but we were caught, tried, con-
victed and sentenced to ten years in the Coluin-
bus penitentiary. Be‘ore arrest we hid the
money, and the authorities never gotit, Dur-
tug the confinement my pard died of appen-
dicitis. Ibeoame repentant, and madeup my
mind two return the money when my term ex-
pired, T was released on Aug. 1,"

St. Clair then said that he couldn't rest with
the money in bis hands, and that he wanted to
turd the entire amcunt over to Dr, Jones, with
the understanding that it was to bereturned to
the bank or devoted to charitable purposes

Dr. Jones asked him if he had the money with
him, and he repiied that he did not, but that he
| could put bis hands on itina very short time,
Inquiry at Youngstown showed that the bank
had never been robbed, although years ago
there was an unsuccessful attempt. St. Clair
has disappeared and it ts thought he wae at-
| tempting to work some sort of swindling
scheme on the Rev, Dr, Jones, who to-day re-
ported the cuse to the police.

 

NEWPORT SOCIAL EVENTS

Yachting Partles Mach In Evidence—Lukch-
eons and Dinners,

Newrponrt, Rh L, Aug. 10.--The gayest place in
Newport to-day was the yacht clublanding when
the guests \ ere boarding the yuchts preparatory
to therunto the Vineyard. Col. John Jacob
Astor tookasmall party on the run on the
Nourmahl returning here to-night. This party
included Mrs. A, H. Paget, Miss Alice Bight,
W. P. Thompson, Harry Lehr, R. Terry, Jr
and Robert Goelert. Ashore it was a day of
luncheons, there being more given than on
any previous day tiis season. Among those
who entertained in this way were Mrs. Oliver
HP. Belmont, Mrs. Edward Parsons, Mrs. b
1. Gerry, Mrs, G. A. Hulm, Mrs. A. ©, Dulles
and Mrs. J A. Swan

Lhisevening there wereseveral large dinners,
the most important heing that given by Mrs,
Ogden Mills in honoref Lord and Lady Paunce-
fote. The pirty numbered ong | Others
entertaining at dinner were Mrs Elisha Dyer,

dr, Miss Harriett Gammell, Mrs. Stuyvesant
| Fi-h and Mrs. James Hude Beekman, the latter
| at Gooseberry Island.

 

Ex-Mayor Schieren Pald for His Picture,

Phe oil pa nting of former Mayor Charles A,
| Schieren, which was recently placed in the
| Common Couneil chamber of the City Hall in

Brookiyn alongside those of his predecessors,
| Was paidtor by Mr, Schieren lumeelf and pre-
{ kente.tothecity Mr. schieren had the paint-
| ing made in 1806 with the express purpose of
| Putling it bo its present use,

   

|
|

\ —

  

 

 

New Vublications.

rn eee

 

 

CHINA AND THE POWERS

MUTUAL HELPFULNESS
UNITED STATES

By M, MIKHAILOFF.

THE BEST NEW SUMMER NOVELS

 

dew Baviatons

Re

| New Publications,

2
RRL APLAR EA APS

 

$1.00

This Book tells the whole story of the situation in China to-day,
of the Boxers, It presents the Chinese side as well as that of the European Powers and of the United States.

er
cin, COE TINVA

pst
Rooke

—~¢

aS ae

By Rear-Admiral Lord CHARLES BERESFORD, R.N., C.B., MP.

BETWEEN CHINA AND THE

By His Excellency WU TING-FANG, Chinese Minister to United States,
POLITICAL POSSIBILITIES IN CHINA
By JOHN BARRETT, Late United States Minister to Siam.
THE POWERS AND THE PARTITION OF CHINA
By Rev. GILBERT REID, O.D., Pres. International Institute of China, Pekin,
AMERICA’S INTERESTS IN CHINA
By General JAMES H,. WILSON, U.S.V.A.
THE GREAT SIBERIAN RAILWAY

“THE BOOKS THAT ‘EVERYBODY’ IS READING NOWADA¥S.”—Buffalo Comm’)

IN ITS 8Q TH THOUSAND
THe Reicn or Law

A TALE OF THE KENTUCKY HEMPFIELDS
By JAMES LANE ALLEN.

“A brilliant story, brilliantly told.”

“Above all, one
recognizes in the novel
the sanity and aym-
of a man in full
foue
generation, distinctly
American in ideals
and outlook,’'-~PUBLIC
LEDGER, Phila.

Illustrated, Cloth, 12mo,
$1.50.

COURIER-JOURNAL.

“There is a charm in the book that makes onéread it through
with his dayand and think about it and in the end admit that ic is a singularly
virile production,’’—Sco?TisH-AMERICAN,

“Wonderfully sweet and charming.’'--BROOKLYN EAGLs,

IN ITS SECOND EDITION

THe Wes or

Lire

Cloth, 12mo.
$1.50,

By ROBERT HERRICK, Author of “The Gospelpf Freedom”

** There has not been
a story published in
many years that has
evoked such tmmedi-
ate criticism, favorable
and otherwise. . . .
It ia certain that thia
book will grow in favor
and intereat,’’-- BUF-
FALO COMMERCIAL,

professions.

‘“*Afine and powerful story,
new and important phase in American life, the chafing of men of
education against the growing restrictions of their individual

It is ast

presenting vividly a

freedom of action by the rapid increase of ‘commercialism ’ in the

rong and good picture of

American life and should be read.""—-TH& NEw YORK SUN,

IN ITS THIRD EDITION

A Friend OF

A TALE OF THE FALL OF THE ROMAN RFpusLic

By WILLIAM STEARNS DAVIS

“One of the best historical novels perhaps of many years.”

“It tella a story
alive with human in-
terest, aglow with pas-
sion, brilliant with
quick-moving action,
abounding in vividly
told incident, — Tus
OUTLOOK,

CASAR

Cloth, 12mo,
$1.50.

~ THE PHILADELPHIA PREss,

“A thrilling story, full of hurnan interest.”’

— THE SPKINGFIELD UNION,

“Vividly interesting, with a thrilling plot.”

—BURLINGTON FREE PREsS,

IN ITS FOURTH EDITION

THe Banker AND THE Bear
By HENRY K. WEBSTER.
One of the Authors of *THe SHORT Line War.’

“This is one of the few novels of the year which every man

with blood in his veins willenjoy.
'—'TIMe3- HERALD,

THE STORY OF A CORNER IN LARD.

“An erciting and ab-
sorbing story.’’--N. Y.
TIMES SaT, REVIEW.

“One of the livelieat delightful love story.’
“Delightfully invigorating, dramatic, inspiring. It is a novel
that sharpens the reader's wits while it entertains him richly,”

and beat of recent
novels, . . A most
interestin story.’

Boston HERALD. Boston BEACON,

THE MACMILLAN COMPANY, 66 Fifth Avenue,

Cloth, 12mo,
$1.50.

Through it all runsa

N.Y.

 

MISS KEILEY TO MARRY.

The Groom a Young Doblin Barrister~Special
Dispensation Granted.

Miss Helen Mary Pia Keiley ts to be mar-
ried next Wednesday morning to Alexander
M. Sullivan, a young barrister from Dublin
Ireland, at the home of her father, Major John
D. Keiley, at 213 Claremont avenue, Brooklyn
The ceremony will performed in Major
Keiley’s private chapel, where an altar was
erected some time ago by special dispensation
of the Pope. The Right Rev. Benjamin J
Keiley, D. D., Bishop of Savannah, Ga., Mis
Keiley’s uncle, will perform the ceremony
and the nuptial mass will be celebrated by

be

WELLINGTON, —~At Dobbs Ferry, N.¥., Aug 8 |

Cardinal Gibbons, who has been a frequent

visitor at Major Keiley’s house. Other high
Catholic ecclesiastics are expected to be present.
A special dispensation was granted for hold
ing the ceremony at the private altar, a privi-
lege granted only onca before in Brooklyn.
This was in the case of the marriage of the
daughter of John Loughran, President of the
Manufacturers’ National Bank, at her home,
4 South Portand avenue. by Bishop MeDon-
nell.

Cardinal Gibbons, who is the guest of the
Rey. Willlam Keiley at Southampton, I, |,
will come to Brooklyn on. Tuesday evening

and return to Southampton after the cere= |

mony. Mr. Sullivan is the son of the late Alex-
ander M. Sullivan, who was a member of Pare
liament,and a nephew of Timothy P. Sullivan,
a former Lord Mayor of Dublin

Miss Flizabeth Kilsyth Livingst n Fngaged.

Announcement i< mate of the engagement of
Miss Elizabeth Kilsyth Livingsion, niece of Mr
and Mrs. Van Brough Livingston 0: this city, to

Mr, Charles James Welch, head of the firm of
Weich & Co, of San Francisco and New York,

YRACE CHURCH,
G

Holy ©
Mornin
Evenin

Religions Rotices.

Broadway, corner 10tb st
ommunton, & A. M
g@ Prayer and Sermon. 11 A. M.
g Prayer and Sermon, 8 P, M.
All sittings free

 

PORTER,
wife of D.

VAN WINKLE,

At Pawling, Aug. 9,

orIBD.

1900, Emma F.,
M. Porter
At Baltimore, suddenly, Dr. Albert

F. Van Winkle, in the 26th year of his age

Funeral Su
o'clovk. fro
way, Pater

nday evening, Aug. 12, 1000, at 3
m his parents’ residence, 408 Broad
son, N. J

1009, Elizabeth M., wife of William Wellington
Funeral services at her late residence Saturday,

Aug 11, 1000, at4 o'clock P.M.

vile,

WHITMARSH,
Esq, Peekskill, N.Y

At the residence of C. de P, Field,

Frederick de Peyster Whitmarsh, in the 67th year
y

of bis age.
Funeral

on, 7

Kibat2 io P.M
woo At Copenhagen, Denmark, on Aug. 9, 1900, |
ilen M., daugnter of James and Emily H. Wood.
of Mount Kiseo,
Funeral services at her Iste home, Mount Kiseo,
N.¥., on Saturday, Aug. 11, 1900. on arrival of

services will
Chureh, Fleldhome Peekskill, N.Y
Ang 13, 1900, at
leaving New York

be held at St Catharine's
.on Monday,
12:30, Vehicles will mect train
ab 10.30 A.M. at Peekskill
rain returning to New York leaves

2.5 trala from New Youk

HE KENSIOO CEMETERY.—Private station, Har-
Jem Kailroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the Grand | portion is due in New York next Mooday morn-

Central Depot,

Uffice, 10 East 42d st,

Redaced facsimile of the Cover.

“THE CRISIS IN CHINA”’ contains the following Chapters, each by an eminent authority :

Interment pri-

on Thursday, Aug. 9, 1909, |

THE FAR EASTERN CRISIS
By ARCHIBALD R. COLQUHOUN.

THE AMERICAN POLICY IN CHINA
By the Rt. Hon, Sir CHARLES W. DILKE, Bart., M. P.
CAUSES OF ANTI-FOREIGN FEELING IN CHINA.
By GEORGE B. SMYTH, President of the Anglo-Chinese College, Foochow.

THE STRUGGLE FOR REFORI IN CHINA
By CHARLES JOHNSTON, Bengal Civil Service (Retired),

AMERICA’S SHARE IN A PARTITION OF CHINA

By DEMETRIUS C, BOULGER,

THE GATHERING OF THE STORM

By ROBERT E. LEWIS.

“MONSIEUR
_ BEAUCAIRE |

is gaining a reputation not only for the
qualities of a true gentleman, but also for
speed of travel and popularity among the
friends he is making in many quarters. If |
you are not yet acquainted with “Beau- |
caire,”’ as his friends call him, let us |
|
|
|

|

know and we willsend him on to you,
Send him back tous ifyouare not pleased,

BOOTH TARKINGTON.

INTRODUCED BY

McClure, Phillips & Co.,

| 441-445 East 25th Street, New York.

Color lllustrations, 12mo, 544 x75, $1.25.

CREATED BY |
|
|

 

| —— cand

“The first instalment of

|

1‘THE HELMET
OF NAVARRE’

in the August Century is alive
with action trom beginning to
end. Itisa fresh, vivid, satis-
| fying and fasci~ ating story...
'| The interest is so keen that
you think of nothing but the

story.”—Boston Herald.

The August Century (s out of
print so far as the publishers
are concerned, but copies can
still be had on some news-stands.

 

‘THE SCHOOL
AND SOCIETY |
|

 

 

“A most valuable contribution to the dfs-
cussion of the educational problems of the day,
by an expertin pedagogies." - (he Outlook,

“Professor Dewry seems to have solved the
first probl m of education He has devised a

| plan of making real work as absorbing as
play." .Vew York Evening Post

| | By PROF, JOHN DEWEY.
|

Third Edition. |
Illustrated, cloth, 12mo, $1.00, |

McClure, Phillips & Co.,

141-145 East 25th Street, New York.

TO
AUTHORS

Manuscripts in all branches
of literature, suitable for
publication in book form,
are required by an estab-

 

| ished house. — Liberal
TWIT terms No charge for
| SEEKING examination. Prompt at-
tention and honorable
| A trealment,
“BROOKS,”

Box 141 Lhe Sun,
1285 Broadway, NewYork

PUBLISHER.

SEND US A POSTAL CARD, We will quote any
book you want proniptly PRATT, if! 6thav.—
ee

THIRTY-SIX HOURS WITHOUT WATER

Yachting Party's Trying Experlence on Great
Salt Lake.

SALT LAKB, Utah —Four persons reached Sal

tair Pavilion last night after being

on Antelope Island and for ed to go thirty-six

hours without water
of Join Hobreoker, Mrs. Hobreeker, his sister-
in-law; W. L. Eastman and Frank Heep

 

 

| They started on Sundsys a yacht, with

| water and provisions eno zh to last them until
Monday ofternoon. On Mondiy Vacht Wa
cartied ashore in a storm, and they worked | -
until Wednesday after mn before they could

 

get ihe boare fl the rocks

Mails From China,

Postinaster Van Cott announces that of mails |

from China and Japan arrived at Vancouver a

| ing and the balance on the following morning. | ih
a

aad
HARPER & BROTHERS PUBLISH TO-DAY

THE CRISIS IN CHINA

It discusses the historic reasons for the uprising

 

Sold by all Booksellers and Newsdealers or may be obtained direct from *

HARPER & BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS, NEW YORK.

  

Rew Publications.

nan nanan NAR AARAARAY

    
         

 

 

 
       
     
     
       
       
   
   
   
     
  

  

 

The following good
books for Summer read-
ing, are just published by

|G. W. Dillingham Co.

Mrs. HAROLD By ROBERT

STACC. GRANT. Author

of “Unleavened Bréad,” etc, This is a book

that will be welcomed by the many readers of

the popular novel, “Unleavened Bread.”
a charming story.

Illustrated and handsomely bound in cloth,

$1.25.

By CLEMENT WILKES.
a The story of Clare Duval
brietly told is a marriage without love, a few
years of prosperity, and then disaster, when a
young and beautiful woman is left to shift for

erself. It isastory of real life, of real peo-

ple. Thereis a vein of pathos running through
, the story to move the most hardene

cynico—
| a pathos beyond the power of many a brilllant
writer to produce.

M THE B
CARRY.  SEWEL

CORA

WHO
WINDS L. This

book is a beautiful study of humanity, in
| which the men and women are drawn with a
| master hand, A_ passionate moral impulse

breathes throughout its pages, giving it un-
usual force. Its perusal cannot fail to give a
deeper insight into the complexities of the

| human soul. The author has a keen insight

into the forces that mould social life,

 

| Paper covers, .SO.
FATHER By ROBERT
ANTHON Y. BUCHANAN. “ One of

| the most touching and dramatic stories ever

| written in connection with Irish life,

hip wreeked |

The party Was composed |

in It isa
heart-stirring story; and it is the most attrac-
tive because Mr. Buchanan writes of Irish life
from personal knowledge, and describes places
and people with which, and with whom he has
had a long familiarity. The book can be
heartily commended to all classes of readers.”

Linon Weekly Sun. Teneditions have been
sold in London, Cloth bound, $1,$0.

ce" These books are all beautifully printed and
bound. Sold everywhere-—and sent by m
free, on receipt of price, by ” ~ Poage

G. W. Dillingham Company,

PUBLISHERS, NEW YORK.

(THE TRUST 4
PROBLEM |

|
By Prof, J. W. JENKS, Ph.D, }
|

 

‘The busy man van fad no more useful
\ ni
Impartial summary of Industrial ene
than Isembodiedin these pages."’
Publte Ledger

With One charts tn enlor.

conditions
Priade pha

McClure, Phillips & Co.

| 441-145 East 25th Street, New York.

 

 

l OOKS-—All out-of-print books supplied,
ter on what subject, Write me, stating books
Winted. I can get you any book eve: published
oe nin England eallandinapeet my stock of fu
00 pare books, BAKER'S GREAT :
Lirwingbam, England ; ve?

ree
WIS LOCOMOBILE BURNED UP.

no mat-

Thomas A, Camming's Bad Luck With His
Road Mochine Continurs

STAMFORD, Conn., Aug. 10. -ihomas A. Cun
ming of Cummong's Pont has had bard tue

} with his locomob.le Soon after he boweht
a few ronths ag», it ran away from hin andivs
broke his arm in thesmash-up. The locomobi'4
was burned last niehtin te barn at the rearo?
his house, Mr. Cumming weatt a lawn part

the Vilerim Char early th vening

leaving hs loeomobile ina new sned whoa he
had had built for Later on the evening
had ocension te yetura h ‘un! none i
in hsearrage. Upon iny ation he fo
that his “ioee'’ was all burned ipePxeont th
tiresandt + Kine Itis petknown how
fire started, bul is thougfitto lave come fh in

 

As) etk drouned in the waste whic
oo blah ligjered the

It is,

Cloth bound, $1.50.

ee nents

a ie ene ee nermenenemoninnit ie  tne

 

a