—————

\

a ee

ail

eae

tne tee Sina

 

 

TB an aad

interested are called

which you who are most
ide

upon to deel
“Pernonally I have hoped that we should be

able at some time to eatabli#h the sane method
of adjusting wage differences that exist
inthe bituminous coal regions, where employers,
and miners’ delegates meat in jolat inter-
State convention, and like prudent wenaibla,
business omen, mutually ngree upon &
scale of wages which remains ip force for one

 

now

year: thus removing the causes of strikes
und lock-outs: and even yet | belleve that in
future years the anthracite operators will ac-

cept this humane and progrossive method of
treating with their employees labor organ-
izations, like iabor-saving machinery, are here
to satay; capital may for a time refuse to treat
with them: may, because of tte great power,
retard the growth of organizations for a ume,
but like ‘truth crushed to earth,’ they ‘will
rise again,’ and will give peste in the defence
of the poor and oppfresser

‘Now, gentiemen, permit me to adm nish
you to consider seriously the course you {n-
tend to pursue The eyes of the American
people are centred on the city of Scranton
to-day. anxiously awaliing the result of this
convention L do not wish to accept one cent
leas for your labor than it ts poseible for you
to geoure I do not wish the areat organmaeg
which has been built up ationg you to be wreak¢
and ruined through any mistake of mine bor
vour If vou legislate wisely and judle jously
I can wee a destiny brighter and happle foryou
and for those who will ake your places when you
have passed away, [ can see a future where
the little boys wil be in attendance at achool
inateid of wasting their young ar wag

t , kers, helping to eam & Lveiluoo

Le earn. Teal future where

  

   

 

or their parenta [ can see a

sleepant horn es and happy, smiling faces of
the wives and mothers will be in vivid contrast
\ the condition of to-day

: iW hile re ‘ toheal Was speaking there were
ipon the stage Nattonal Organizer Frederick
I) er, Edward 8 t Mr. Farle 8 WwW
Pur WD Ryan tary-tre f the
Hinois distriet, District Preatd holls,
Fahev and Datley, Viee President Hosea e
of District No 1, Seeretary- Treas rer Domp: y
of District No 1 and District Organizers Couns,
Burke and Kearney of Distr 1 At the

nof his remarks Pres Mitchell

  

one

  

on. ere.

 

    
 

anne “t the following corr
dentiala District No, 1, dohn PE, Dempsey Louls
Hemerding and Willlam Thomas, District No
7 John P Gallawher. Cornelius OD nell and
B. Gallacher, [ietriet No 9, George Hartline,
Marti, Kt urd Northe
Ba nae 1 ioe Mahanoy City ft ad an
original poem entitled “Greeting of the Hard
after which adjournment was had unth 10:30
Wires the convention reassembled it was
called to order t + Purcell, a member
of the National Boare vident Mitchell ae
detained at head After musica
elections an uproar eated aman who
called himself a" ‘ ind who wanted
ten minutes in whieh te “= the conven-
tion \ ation to that effect was made, but
was voted down and it was announced that
a5i dela were in attendance
The Jentlala commit! from the Firt
readines« to report, act-

 

ina ite

Purcell de

district annour

ing Chalrinar ured the motion out

 

 

of order and called for the report of the cre
dentia itter, ench delegate, a his name
was called to qnnounce the number of votes
he Was @ d to on the basis of one yote for
each hundred meniwbers he re resented | to
five hundred onl The need of an assistant
secretary being I ait. John VT. Dempeey

ed by the chatr, no ob-
he convention

the report hegwan
ind assumed the
oll ceonnle! eonstderabls
ident Mitchell relfngulshed

of this city was
jaction being :

As the raading
dent Mitels
The ca'ling

 

Preal-
hair

  
 
    

  

    

time. Afters {
the chair te Nicholls of the First dts.
trict, who - tring the calling of the roll
Some disetmsion aroge at the finish of the ealicf

the First district as to the right of delegates to
eit whose credentials did not bear the seal, but
Mr. Nicholls ruled that where such did not ap
ie fact that the local unton

  
   

pear tt was due tott
was recently organized and had not yet received
supplies. They would be aceepted on being

vouched for by the district president or secre-
tary

Local Unton No 1018 of Taylor has a member-
ship of 1.475, and was accordingly granted fif-
teen votes in the convention. One of the ne
gates from that union, Jou T. Jones, made @
vigorous s] | against what he sald he feared
was an atte swall the convention by the
admission of a lot of delegates who were not
entitled to seata. His remarks were received
with much faver, but no action was taken on

the matter at the time

 

 

 

  
 

 

Th: r-ading of the report of the (ommittee
on tredentials was accompanied with con-
aiderable noise Samuel Morgan of the Mount
Pleasant local of this efty was appointed ser-
geant-at-arms He stationed himself at the
doors in the rear of the hall, and after that
no further trouble was experienced

Union No 922 of Mount Carinel, in District

No 9, has a membership of over 1,799 and is
rapreeented in the convention. by seventeen
delegates. When the roll had finally been
completed permanent organization was reached
Half a dozen delegates at once
Mr Mitchell for chairman and he was unani-

mously chosen
In accepting the honor Mr. Mitchell said:
“Gentlemen, UE thank rou for so reposing con-
fidence in me to elect me chairman I assure
1 1 will try and preside to the best of my

bility ° 7
Jolin T. Dempaer, Secretary of District No. 1,
was unanimously chosen Secretary of the con-

vention
When the electlon had heen declared over,
President Mitchell raad the following telegram
from Samuel A President of the
Amertean Federation of Labor
WasHinaton, D.C, Oct. 13, 1900,
“John Mitchell, Preadent United Mine Workera

Gomnpers

  
    
  
  
 

 

   
  
  
 

    

 

 

 

af Amie

The cause ners is the cause of
humantt he deelston reached
regarding the ffer, the future must
be brighter, re ‘ust forthe miners,
their wi and hurnantitys ill be
t! wal ey to the delegates
a Ipathy and eodpera-
tion uber and officer of the
Americ Federation of Labor We all pray
end work for your success

SamurL A, Gomrrrs’

The eonvention then went Into executive

seasfon
» convention bids falr to continue for sey-

€ { 4, but It « t now eertain that while
t ‘levutes are ir present frame of mind
t will in e in favor of the por msed
advance ‘ne labor le sald this evening
that he would t f prised if se !
ventions were ca 4% re a settlement was
reached
POSTAL RECEIPTS IN THE CITIES,

Fourteen of the Fifty Principal Offices Show
for the Month of September a Decrease.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-Fourteen of the
fifty principal post offices of the country show
for the month of September decreases of gross
receipts ranging from 158 per cent. to 2238 per
cent. and from $354 to $12,004 in amount rhe
decreases are as follows: Boston, $12,906, or
47 per cent., Baltimore, 458, or 6 per cent
San Francisoo, $10,217, or 11.5 per cent.; Louis-

 

 

 

 

 

 

ville, $3,682, or 5.1 per ce Rochester, 8610
or 1.8 per cent.; To ledo, 4, or 3.5 per cent
lowell, Mass., $1,540, or 69 per cent.; Syracuse
$421, or 28 per cent; Hartford, Conn, $1.625
or 68 per oent., Albany, $1,667, or 4.6 per cent;
Davton. Ohto, $5,107, or 22.3 per cent.; Spring-
field, Mass, $70), or 4 per cent Boots
Li., #8v7, or 78 per cent; and Washington,
deoreas*, $2,546 or 5 per oent

The toted receipts for the fifty citles were
$5,002,783, and the net increase Was $201,618, or

     
    
 
 
 

t. It {Is interesting to note that for

5.4% ;
ie Chioawo has eclipsed New York

   

 

    

 

  

  

 

as it » in ita recelptea. This ts
, bh vr, to the amount of mail
the {onal Oomimittees from thetr
adquarters
he receipts of the first ten citles are as fol-
lows: New York, $814,540, Increase $55,911
or? per cent., Chicago, $485,565, Increase $sp,-
480 or 149 per eent., Philadelphia, $206,008, in-
crease $1,440 or 1.8 per cent.; Boston, §2 5
deere $12,004, or 47 per cent st “
$s ease $19,403 OF 12.1 per cent., (in-
‘ 101,700, increase 83,566 or 8.6 per cent
l Is $106,214, increase $1,480 oF 1.4 per
“ Vitteburg, $85.611, Increase $6,789 or 85
per cent, Cleveland, $78,016, increase $2,166
or 2 & per cent in Francisco, $77,961, decrease
$ - per cent
Other receipts oft-es in the State of New
York were Buffalo, $71,309, inereaae $11,831
iW per cent Rochester, $31,789. decrease
SHiGOor La per cent) Syracuse, $20,067, decrense
$l. or 28 per cent Albany, $29,505, d crease
$057 or 46 per cent, Troy, $11,161, increase
$is4 or 16 per cent

KNOCKS LAWYFR DOWN,

 

JUDGE

 

A Fight Ontside a St. Louls Coort Room After
a Charge of Pettifogging.

Sr. Lovis, Oct. 12 --Jdudge Willis Clark of the

 
   

   

  

 

 

Court of Criminal Cor ion and John A Porter,
law partner ex-Mavor Noonan, fought in the
} way between t} ourt room and the clerk's
‘ to-day Phe trouble grew out of the case
‘ er Bo Sriit ind Horace PP Beavee, wiio
' ced with ving bad unlawful possessian
‘ ty tte d he recent street car strike

\\ ‘ wits ted to-day Porter
filed ‘ i laring that Judge Clark
wa yaa hear it beeause e® was
ir Lom hirdy lark replied thatthe ac-
t ' whe of pettifog-

le Wher evil »oourt r
a n. Mr Porter Judge Clark
‘ i

. ail a pettifor will
did returne now, knocking the

{ Vad Thiet nh then «¢ ed nd
rolled are { or m corridor until separated
by frends After the tight, Judge Clark said

“When Porter struck me I knocked him
down, | am abundantly able to take care of

myself without bringing the matter,into court.”

nominated |

   

 

BAKER'S RICE WILL FILED,

| William M

 
  

 

PATRICK'S STILL Hetp OUT, BUT
ITS PROVISIONS ARE KNOWN.

 

It Gives Patrick the Restduury Katate Without
a String and Makes Him Bxccator-Lega-
cles for Everybody if They Do Patrick's
Hidding If They Don't They're Cat Off,

That will of Willlam Marsh hice tn which the

Rice Inatitute at Houston, Tex,

{a made the residuary legates, was filed for pro-

bate yesterday by Hornblower, Byrne, Miller

& Potter, attorneys for the e.ecutors, who

are: Wililam M. foe, Jr, of ilyatt, Tex, @

nephew of the testator: Judge Joho D. Bartine
of Somerville, N. J, and Capt. James A. Baker,

Jr, of Houston. The petition for the probate

is sworn to by Judge Bartine, who drew the will |

The petition states that the value of neither the

real nor the personal property is known.

The names of we heirs and next of kin for

whom citations are asked to attend the pro-

bate are: Frederiok A, Rice, brother, of Hous
ton, Tex.; Charlotte 8. McKee, aister, Spring-
fleld, Mass.; Minerva R. Olds, sister, Palmer,

Maas.; Joseph Blinn, nephew, Springfield,

Maas.; William A. Kioe, nephew, Walbraharn,

Maas.: Charles Kice, son of a deceased nephew,

Walbraham, Maes.; Mina Relle Rice, davahter

of a deceased nephew, Walbraham, Mass:

and Frederick William Rice, a nephew, whore
residence ia stated to be unknown

With regard to Frederick William Rice {t ts
averred that his last known place of residence
was Hartford, Conn He resided there thirty
years ago and his relatives have not since heard
from him, although they have made diligent
fnquiry. They do not know, It is stated,
whether he ts allve or dead and whether, if |
dead, he left descendants. The petition then
continues wfth this statement |

“Your petitioner {s informed |
that Albert T. Patrick, who resicjes at 816 West |

Fifty-eleith atreet, in the borough of r

 

and believes

hattan, In the city and county of New York,
claims to be a person Interested in defeating
sald will.”

The will was executed in this city on Sept
26, 1806, and is witnessed by Walter Wetlier-
bee, the clerk in the banking house of Swenson
& Sons, who made affidavit that Charles F
Jones offered to make him an executor of a
will of Rice, providing Wetherbes would di-
vite the executor’s fees with Jones, and by
W. F. Harmon, who te also oonnecte |

with

, Justified by

DE COSTA TACKLES BISHOP POTTER,

Former Clergyman Assatia Episcopal Incom-
sistency About the Higher Criticism,

Dr. BY De Costa, who left the Episcopal
communion to join the Catholle Church a year
ago, after the ordination of the Rev. Dr. Brigas
to the prir vd, maintains in an article in to-
day's I’reeman'a Journal that his action ts
the position taken toward the
Hible and the highor ertticlem by Blahop Potter
and the Chureh of New York at the September
Diocesan Convention. Among other things
he says

Dr. Potter strikes a note different from
the expreasions of former years, when he de-
manded of ‘Higher Criticiam’ ‘some evidence’
of Ita good work. Now, however, apparently,
he has found the ‘evidence’ and, In his charge,
he exulta over the resulta. Speaking of books
and parts of books of Holy Scripture that have
been condemned by the eritics, hesays: “There
never was a moment since these books were
written when the witness that they themselves
bear to those august truths which they
record and reveal was so Impressive and #0
{rresistible as it ls at this hour.’

“What the books are--for the ‘Higher Crit-
folarm' has assaulted every book -and what are
the particular ‘august truths’ now #0 powerful
he dows not say. Are the ‘august truths’ the
truth of miracle, expunged by criticism from
the Old and New Testaments, or are they
moral aphorisms, common to all the beat works
of antiquity, which, when transliterated, go to
support a man In his attacks upon the authority
of God's Word? Dust! If one wanta to learn
the remulta of ‘Higher Criticism’ let him seek It
in diminishing Protestant Sunday schools, with
diminishing bodies of teachers, diminishing
respect for Bible teaching and the diminishing
supply of candidates for the office of superine
tendent, which {4 causing Protestanta alarm
If we need to inquire further, conshilt the head

 

 

 

 

 

oft Episcopalian Diocese of Washington, Dr,
Satterles, who saya that owlng to ‘Higher
Criticism ‘thousands have lost their faith Ip
the Gid Testament as the inspired Word of God.’
This suggests a few words on Jr, Potter's
presentation of the Episcopalian body as the
teaching Chureh Pray, What does the Epis-
copa! Chureh teach? That is the question now |
eolitting the whole Anglican community) in
twain, It teaches anything and everything
that man's whims can devise. What it teaches
on the Bible is shown by Dr. Potter and Dr.
Ratterles The ‘House of Bishops’ is divided
and, like the entire Episcopalian body, divided
agiainet itself. They cannot agree as to what |
he Blessed Reformation’ meant, Dr, Sat-
terle the the

ys that Keformation ts

   

; t u e is ¢ Y.) od One party

Swenson & Sons After directing that the Reformation meant the Catholic
that all his just debts he pal, ind faith, minus the papal supremacy,
the ‘lds ae} i on-

the testator makee five bequests. The first Oth iuueitie ae fy dah oon. eae
directa his executors to invest $80,000 and to » of the Lord brethren. Dr. Potter

pay the income from a#uch investment to his
brother, Frederick A. Rice, and his wife) Upon
the death of elther, the survivor fa to have the
benefit of the income as long as he or she lives
Upon the death of both the principal ts to be
patd to their six children The will does not

state in what portions the children of Mr and

{llustrates the value of hie present
ces oon the ‘Teaching Church,” where
r charge speaking of the Episcopalian

  

nin this country he recites with

it what is heterodoxy to-day In one

ris thon may to-morrow be PFOROH ad by

* ¢ eourt in another to be orthodoxy,’

and that su i decision ‘absolutely determines

n

Mrs Frederick Rive shall raceive tils money, bhin that to ‘nell Road | ‘ 'T h
or what shall be done with the ahare of any | ypu Charoh Te that bode. aw it ‘oe
ohild who should die before the | both sides of the sea, individuals teach what
father and mother Two other bequests | they plewwe on any and every aubiecet, and
are to the tastator’s aisters, Minerva Ro Olds | there ist to stop thern This is a matter
' and Charlotte S. Mohee, each of whom got the | of re The situation would hold out more

| control
| to act

} the iiling, tl

|
\
|
|

|

| space where the namesh
| Rice put

 

  

income of $10,000 4 year for iife, the principal at |
their deatu to go to their children but on
stipulation i4# made as to how $10,000 ahall
be divided between the ehi Hy the

fourt)) bequast Cie testator gives to his nephew, |

Willlam M. Rice Jr, whatever sum may be
owing to his estate at his death by the firm |
of J. 1 & W. M. Rice of Lyatt, Tex. ‘The ffth |
bequest gives ai) the residue of the estate, |
reu, personal and mixed, to the William M |
Rive Institute for the Advancement of Liter-

ature, Science and Art, of Houston

ihe testator expresses the desire that his
nephew, William M. Kice, Jr, shall take hie
place on the Board of ‘Trustees ot the institute,
and that his friend, E, Raphael of Houston, be
made the secretary of the institiite and act as
euch as long ase he wishes The executors are
not required to give bonds, and ter the service
they render they are to receive & per cent f
the aggregate value of the le estate. [he
olghth clause of the will provides that
if any differance arises between the
executora AS to the MAnATenernt
of the will the judgment of two of thern shall

But if one of the three named ceases
AR AN e@xecutor
between the two remair
an unnamed person sha

!

  
 

and differences arise
4. the judgment of
control There is a
Udeome Apparently
ff filling in the name till too late

The will was filed Just before the Surrogate’s
«ffice closed for the da A short the after

» attorneys for th jtors sent

word to Cant. MeClusky to give out to
papers coples of the copy of the
on June $0 this year in which Al}
{fe named as reedduary tr
Patrick gave to Capt. Ja
this will Patrick takes the place of
Hartine as one of the executors

The other two executors are the san
in the will offered for probate vesterd
is, however, much leas loose in ite phraseo
It was drawn up by Patrick ud ne
remarkable features of it is that the
ture of thetestator {Is affixed to ea
and the signature is witnessed. If the
bate of this will fa contested on the
that it is a forgery, the handwriting
will have four of Mr. Rice's signature
examine

In this will the institute ts referre
corporation under the laws of the State of
Texaa,” with no particular domileil Ur
the will’s provisions the institute is to receive |
such a sum out of the estate as, tovether with |
anv sums wiven to it during Kice's lifet .
will makea total bequest fi tM
ever, the sun mn tot
testitor’s lifetime shall eq
death $259,140, then the mstitute does not be
comean heneticiary under the

 
  

 

      
 

>
2
>

       

 

  
 

 

 

   

 

  

 

 
   

   
 

 

 

 

 

@ brother, Frederick A Rice or his lineal |
heirs, per arpea, rece;ves $50,000 nd each
of the brothers and sister , il fing Freder |
erick A who survive the testator to wet
$25.0"), wh he tines aeron Tails
brothers and sisters who have dled before t j

} testator wet 825,000 each, per etrincs alle
nephews or nieces surviving the testator are
te raceive $5,000 each and » line eir
the nephews and nieces who mar have wl
before the testator get 85,000 each |
director of the Institute w SUrViN tha tas
tator wets $5.0 A nutnberof friends, tnelud- |
tna Charles T Adams of Montelair, John D. |
Rartine of Somerville and Walter 0) Wether-

get 6,000 apiece, while other |
ds, including W. FE. Harmer, one ot the
“tresses of the will offered for probate. and
John HW. Wallace, paying teller for Swernsor
& Sons, @t $1,000 each, and «! ther
$500 evo These bejueeta are made il
the stipulation that no legatee shill cont |
the will or refuse to execute such relence |
and conveyances of any and all the estate
to Patrick, as he may direct. Any contest

 

or any refusal to relense or convey to Patrick |
forfeitg the bequest and {tf goes to Patrick
Then Patrick ta made the residuary leentee, |
without requirement or atipulation

No objection to the probate of the will of-
fered yesterday was made and Patrick's at-
torneya would not say that they Intended
to make any.

A YOUNG WIFE KRILIA HERSELF.
She Had Received a Bogas Telegram Announc-

ing the Sulcide of Her Husband

As the reeu't of their fret |

Cricaao, Oct, 12
quarre! in married life and the use of a bogus
telegram announcing the suicide of Philly |
lard, Sophy Hardy, his wife, shot herself last |

night {ust after midnight. The meseage came |

from New York, but it is believed Hard: never
left Chicago. Upon receiving the telegran
the unhappy wife, remorseful over her |
part in the domestte strife, prepared |
with great deliberation to leave this
world A duelling pistol of ancient patterr

handsomely engraved and nlated with stlver
was found by the side of the woman at her hor 6,
1200 Wabash avenue. Mrs. Hardy wus f
erty Mile. Sophia DeMange, a beautiful v
French girl of New York Her husband, Phi ip
Tiirdy, was a former London business man
Tne following letter written to Mrs. Fejce
DeMance, Mra. Hardy's mother before

a tia, talls the stor

“My Danuxa Morrner

have received this ietter ye
be no more” For two

  

When you will
r daignter w{
years Philp and ihave |

 

  

 

 

   

 

livet, oh, 80 happy together, that wher he |
left me during our frat quar ny heart be. |
ove crashet forever Toi {ve without
him, and as | have receive & mease u
norneing hil cide, 1. ton, will ¢ barews 1
and pray runhanpy daugiter’ ,
The ©uarrel took place last Wednesda
The husband was supposed to have inumne |
diately left the house and taken u train for
New York Mrs Hardy then n
preparations for death She pur
expensive mourning robe, in which she ar
tired herself Upon mournine paper, er. |
vresaly purchased for the occasion, aie wrote |
the letter to her mother, and alse another
similar contenta to a sist Then, w! a
clock had finished striking midnight, she trad
the fatal shot re the colored maid « j

 

ren her she

lead |
You Need Entertain No Doabte, }
| have wasted time and money endeavoring to |

  

iispose of realestate through other mediums, THe
SUN provides a channel through which a ready sale
or eachange may be made. It will be worth your
while trying.—A

| Gen. Smith Takes the Place After

) perfeent

 

   

 

promise if all these men were of one mind in
fahouse As it remains, they simply illustrate
» aad fact that sintegration is the law of

otestantiym, and that it {« little more than
an impertinence for a non-Catholle to prasant
or even talk about any section of Protestantism
or e the whole thereof, In connection with
‘the Teach ‘K Church ’

Such is the Rabel, the (ity of Confusion,
whose dust I shook from my feet just one year
ago, when my. reelgnation as an Episcopal
niunister, was placed {in the hands of the Or-
dinary

 

 

 

  

 

S100-A-WEEK STRIKERS REPLACED.

They've Lost the Monopoly of Prrhaps the
Highest Paid Trade in the World.

Tiffany & Co, began to take on
new men and to replace the $i(«-a-week copper-
plate engraversand printers who went on strike
at the firm's factory at Forest Hill, N.J., on
Oct. 1, for recognition of one of their unions
This means that for the first time since a copper-
plate engraving department waa organized
by the firm, work of which a amall coterie of
nally skilful men held the monoply,
to the cormnpetition of skilled work-
it the United States

yesterday

excepu
will he open

eras through

        
    

 

 

   

 

 

| Nichols of Louisiana

"What ts the real diMculty? It conststa In |

| the tha

| aentations that have heen ma ‘eto tt

Applieationa for work have been received
from engravers all over the country, Personal |
appl d and a few were
aele ctory at Forest fill,
\ J urther weed
ina were fina
Beles ‘ trial A repre-
gent hat while it waa true
that the world might be able,
wit! inary training, to do the
¥ trikers did, it we Ils
t ora had ner "

! \ nt Any one with arti
and t mitication of a good workin

They ets gave the firm no trouble. Those
at t Union Square establishment lounges
al t pposit ’ the square in well
‘ tweed derby hat ine
carry ir tylish fall overcoata No one ¢ t
t! » were { t knew that they were
pick Phe might h » been bankers or
r id Presidents At the factory in Forest
I re t nickets, who hailed every
one they se10 4 looked ike in engraver

tof a job and talked strike to him

MANILA'S NEW COLLECTOR,

Mts Sac-
cossfoal Administration tn Negros.

 

 

WILL GO IN HALL OF

THIRTY NAMES IN ALL CHOSEN,
STATESMEN CLASS YIELDING SEVEN.

Washington's Was the Only Unanimons Vote,
lincotn and Webster Falling One Behind
~—Same Judges Will Be Asked to Serve in
10902 -A Hall for Foretga-Born Americans,

L OF FAME, |

THE SUN, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.

Thirty names of the fifty to be inscribed in the |
Hall of Fame at New York University Heights | It is reported that Pao-ting-fu has been oc-
have finally been selected, and of this number | cupied by some of the allies after heavy fight-

only one, that of George Washington, ts the
unanimous oholoe of all of the judges. Daniel

Webster and Abraham Linooln lack but one

vote of @ unanimous choice. It was expected
that at least twelve names would be added to
the roll by yesterday's count, but only seven
received the necessary majority, four just fall-
ing of election,

The canvass yesterday was in charge of the
original committee consisting of Chancellor
MacCracken and Deans Ashley and Shaw.
Promptly at 2 o'clock the work of tabulating
the votes in the last class, statesmen and rulers,
was begun, and when the session closed at
half past 3, the following names had been
added to the roll: George Washington, Daniel
Webster, Abraham Lincoln, Benjamin Frank-
lin, Thomas Jefferson, Henry Clay and John
Adams,

The full roll of the names now chosen, with
the number of votes polled by each ts as follows:
George Washington, 97; Abraham Lincoln, 06;
Daniel Webster, 06; Benjamin Franklin, 4;
Ulyases 8. Grant, 92; John Marshall, 1; Thomas
Jefferson, 90; Ralph Waldo Emerson, 87; Kobert
Fulton, 85; Henry W. Longfellow, 85; Wash-
ington Irving, 88; Jonathan Edwards, 81; Sam-
uel F. B. Morse, 80, David Glasgow Parragut,
79; Henry Clay, 74; Nathaniel Hawthorne, 738;
George Peabody, 72; Robert E. Lee, 60; Peter
Cooper, 60; Eli Whitney, 67; John James Audu-
bon, 67; Horace Mann, 67; Henry Ward Beecher,
66; James Kent, 65; Joseph Story, 64, John
Adams, 61; William Ellery Channing, 58; Elias

Howe, 58: Gilbert Stuart, 52; Asa Cray, 51. ‘
All of these names were approved by the
Senate and will therefore be inscribed on the

tableta of the Hall of Fame when the bullding
{a completed. There are five other names
which the votes of the judges yet to be heard
from may bring into the Ilat.. T hey are William
Cullen Bryant, John C. Calhoun and Andrew
Jackson with two votes needed, and John

iincy Adams and James Madison who lack
three of the necessary fifty-one

The class considered yesterday, that of rulers
and statesinen, was the largest and most (nter-

esting of the whole session, which lasted for |

three days. As was anticipated. George Was)i-
ington was A unanimous choice Abraham
Lincoln and Danial Webster were but one yote
behind, in both cases that of Chief Justice
President Day of Syra-
cuse University, Prof. W. M. Sloane of New
ork and Chie? Justice Tayjor of Florida did
not vote for Benjamin Franklin James Mon-
roe polled only nineteen votes, and one whole
class of judges, the publictats
authors, did not cast asingle vote for him
Benjamin Franklin, Abraham Lincoln, George

Washington and Daniel Webster were the
unaniious choice of the twanty-ix pro-
fessora of history Chief Justice Bonnifield

voted for the name of every statesman in the
list of nominations President Hadley of
Yale selected Calhoun, Clay, Clinton, Franklin,
Jackson, Jefferson, Lincoln, Madison, Seward,

 

Washington and Webster President Low's
ballot was: John Adams, Samuel Adams,
Clay, Clinton, Franklin, Henry, dackson, J

Jefferson, Lincoln, Livingston, Madison, Mon-

Ex-Presidant

roe, Washington and Webster

Cleveland selected Samuel Adams, Frank-
lin, Jay, Jefferson, |incoln, Madison, Koger
Sherman, Washington ayd Webster

At 4o'clock the New York University Senate
convened for the purpose of considering the
Canvassing Committee's report. Chancellor
Mact'racken presided, and the members praesent
were: Dean if M. Baird and Prof. D. W. Hering,
college; Dean Ashley and Prof. Russell, law;
Dean Le Fevre, medicine; Dean Shaw and Prof
Weir, pedagogy, Prof, Stoddard, s#raduate
school, Dean Snow and Prof Stevenson, School
of Applied Science, and President Buttz of Drew
Theologica, Seminary

ine report of the Canvassing Committee,

which Was adopted, recommended the follow-
ing

action That the thirty names that Lave
ved the approval of pity one or more
Judges he inseribed in the Hall of Fame, that
ks of the University Senate be re-
turned vo the judges and that the official book
of the Hall of Fame, the publication of which
{s authorized by the senate, be sent to each of
the judges asa memento of his service; that the
senate in 1002 take stepa toward filling the
twenty vaeanut panela belonging fo the preset
vear,and that evc) ofthe present Board of Judges
be invited to serve aga indge in 1002) that each
nomination of the present year that has re
ceived ten or more votes, vet haa fatled to re-
a majority, be considered a nomination
» vear 1402. To these will be added any
ominated in writing by five of the Board
the University Senate in such
may findexpetient, Any nomination by
of the United States that «hall be
cered

 

 

  
 

 

 

hammer

 

of Judges or by
WAV Val
any

eitize
senate will he eer
the report takes up the repre-
e Senate by
members of the faculty of Harvard University
an | others, against the rule that exclu es from
the Hallof Fameall save native-born Americans
1 approves but sugeerts a
situilar memorial to foreign-born Americans,
to be joined to the north porch of the present

with harmonious architecture, to contain
1of thespace ofthe present hall, that ts
not oyer thirty panels, ten to be cevote {
the first vear to the commemoration of ten

ite the

clusion

 

This limitation it

 

   

     

    
  

forelen-born Arnericana who have been e-
cease | for at least ten vears, an adcitional
panel to he devote! to one name every five
years throughout the twentieth century
Chancellor MeCracken remarked that. the
rilea for the present Hall of Fame could not
be changed that {t was meant to be a record
of the de of the o« v's mreatest men
of two centuries, and they must be Americans
{n erery way neellor MeCracken said
that he had cons d the architects, who de-

hall feasible
from the northern

the second

new building will exter

plans for

 

 
   

   

end of the present Hall Fame northward
and eastwardina curve to the porch of the pro-
posed Hall of Applied Sciences, It will be
altuated forty feet ; ind forty feet back
from University avenue, and will be, as it
were, a continuation of the present Hall of

| Fame, which is three-fourths completed

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Mantia, Oct. 12-—Gen. Smith, the former
Governor of Negr arrived her’ to-day and
assumed bis new cuties as Collector of Customs
for the di-triet of Manila, lils appointment Is |
the natural result of his excellent work in the |

pacification and reconstruction of the island of
Negros

 

Forepe Not Retarniag American Pig.
Iegarding reporta that have been circulated in
Wall Street that larve consignments of pig iron
to European buyers have been returned for
some technical reason, and that this had
brought about ‘he recent ‘decrease in the earn-

 
 
  

‘ ines of the Ten: es-ee Coal and Iron Company,

President W. Baxter, Jr,of that
telegrapledtothis city yea erday
ton bas been declined, and no
plained,’

company
“Not one
ne has oom-

The Weather,

The storm on the New Fngland ooast moved off to
Nova Scotia yesterday. The storm which has been
hovering ar und Plorida for three or four days made
itaclf evident yeaterday, the centre being off the coast
near Jacksonville, Heavy rain fell in Florida, Geor
gia, Alabama and the Carolinas; elaewhere over the
country the weather was generally fatr

The storm is likely to move northward along the
coast to day with Increasing force, and give high on
shore winds on the middle Atlantte coast

It was warmer in toe Atlante States: elsewhere
there was but slight change.

In th s clty the day was generally fair: winds freah
northwest, shifting to south
barometer, corrected to read to sea level at
8A. M., 30.00; 3 PB. M., 30,00,

The temperature as recorded byithe official ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, Is shown In the annexed tabie

- OMeials Sun's —~OMeiai-n~ Sun's.

1900, 1AHe wd 180 1699 iyvoo

9A M40 “i 6 6. M 67° va a7

12M a7 73° 65° OP. M.64° 6ne 64°

SP. M.sa° 77° 8° 12 Mid.. 64° 66e = 6°

WASHINGTON FORFCAST FOR TO-DAY aND
TO MORROW

Por New Prgiand, tucreasing cloudiness, with rain
in south portion by this evening or to-night; probably
ratnt L west. shifting to northeast winda
fatr in north, rain in south
portion late rain t-morrow; freah southwest
shifting fo northeast winds

For New Jersey and Delaware, rain today and
probably to morrow: fresh to briskimortheast winds

For insylvania, falrin west, rain in east
d probably to morrow; fresh north

rrow fre
bor eastern New York

» day

ter

n to da)

For the t 1 of Columbla, Maryland and Vir

' ginta, rain today and probably tomorrow: fresh to

brisk northeast winds, possibly becoming high on the
coast

r western Pennsylvania, showers tn south, fairin

orth portion to day: falr to-morrow: fresh northeast

'
wind

i western New York, ®enerally falr today and
probat tomorrow; lirht to fresh northeast winds

Stops the Cough and
Works Off the Cold,

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one
Gay. NoCure, No Pay. Price25 cents.—-Ada

oe

MEETING OF THE CABINET.

The President Asks for Early Digests of
Department Reports.

 

Waasrrnaton, Oct. 12.—At the regular Cabinet
meeting to-day the President asked hiv ad-
visers to hand him at an early date digests of
their annual reports, There was nothing of
a pressing nature in the Chinese situation
to be considered at the meeting, and the time
was given to discussion of parte of the message
to Congress which the President ts preparing
The President desires to have before him the
main points of the reports to be made by his
advisers on their departments, in order to cover
fully the work accomplished during the past
year

The prospective revision of the Philippine
tariff was also taken up. No definite conolu-
sions were reached as to when the new tariff
achedule will be promulgated. It will take

| some time to settle upon a basis of reviaion,

average humidity 64 |

| He was graduated from the
| School _in

| in his bed at Cresskill, Nod,

| Kifles, of
| reweived his first

Phi yg te

and many points will have to be discussed by
the President and his Cabinet before the new
achedule can be decided upon

OBITUARY.

Dr Benjamin Hussev West, one of the old
graduates of Harvard University, died at Ne-
ponset, Mass, on Thursday
tn Nantucket, Nov. 10, 1814, and was the son of
Paul West, a Lieutenant in the British Navy
and commander of the ship Cyrus. He grad-
uated from Harvard in 1835 In the class with
the late Bishop Williams of Connecticut, Judge
FE RR Hoar, Amos A. Lawrence, John A. King
and others who have been prominent in public
life Only five survivors of the class remain
Harvard Medical
1838 and commenced professional
life at Pawtucket In the early 493 he went
to California, where he remained for several
years, being a member of the Committee of
Safety during 1849) © Later_he was for many
years head surgeon of the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company

Col. Abriham G Demarest was found dead
yesterday morning
Hie death was due to natural causes He was
one of the best-known oitizens of Bergen county
and was Colonel of
ment during the Civil War At the age of 22
yecame Captain of a company inthe Seventy-

New York, then known as the American
which he became drillmaster, and
commission from Gov, Sey-
mour in iss3. He was a member of the order
of the Loyal Legion, of KR. D. Morgan Post,
G VR, New York city, and the Society of the

 

 

f

Order of the Potomac. Col, Demarest was
71 years old
Robert Hutchinson, one of Washington's

oldest residents, cied suddenly at his home in
that city on Thursday night, aged 72 vears
He was born in Ireland and came to New York
fifty-two years age tlis two sons and a
daughter now tive in this city. Mr. Hutchin-
#8 p lived with his grandaughter, Miss May A
Allison

Edward J. Temple, formerly head of the firm
of Temple & Lock wood, dealers in steel supplies,
and terward conneoud with the Brooklyn
Warehouse Company, died on Wednesday at
his home, 216 Schermerhorn street, Brooklyn, in
his seventieth year, He ves a widow, son
and daughter,

EEL RN RRR

tomas v1

He was born ,

editors and |

 

 

ANXIETY.

 

SOUTH CHINA CAUSES

Reformers Plotting to Seize Canton—Allies
Said to Have Taken Pao-ting-fa,
Special Cadle Despatches to Tur SUN,
Brnuin, Oct, 12,-A Shanghal despatch to
the Loxalanzeiger save that the headquarters
staff consider the revolutionary movemept tn
Canton to be very sertous, ‘lwo German war-
ships and several
boate have been ordered to remain at Canton,

ing.

Lonpon, Oct. 18.—A news agenoy despatoh
from Hong Kong gives Canton advices to the
effect that Sun Yat Sen, the Chinese Reform
party leader, has unfurled his flag at Weichan,
on the East River. It ts belleved that he seeks
to have Canton denuded of Chinese troops,
whereupon the reforiners there will rise and
seize the oity.

A Pekin despatch to the Times dated Oct
11 says: “As was expected, the expedition to
Pao-ting-fu compelled the Court to continue
the flight in the direction of Singan-fu and
increased the difficulty of keeping the present
dynasty on the throne.

“An Imperial decree thanks the Russians
for withdinwing their troops from Pekin, Buch
@ decree could only be tasued in China, where
there is a favorable feeling toward the Cwar's
troops. The Russians did not withdraw until
after they had looted all the treasure avail-
able. The Russians also balance their with-
drawal with the occupation of all of Manchuria.”

A Berlin despatch to the Standard says that
the Russian suggestion to refer to an tnter-
national court of arbitration the matter of an
indemnity from China ts considered by diplom-
atista to be another attempt to delay the
solution of the question till the Russian prepa-
rations in regard to Manchuria have been
completed. The negotiations among the vari-
ous Powers, with the exoeption of the United
States, !n regard to the proposals of M. Del-
cassé, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs,
are progressing in the slowest possible manners,
It cannot be seen when Germany will reply.

GERMANS TAKE A CHINESE TOWN,

The Construction of the Ratiway From
Kiaochoa to Kaum! Resumed,
Special Cadle Despatch to TUB SUN,

Panis, Oct. 12.—According to a despatch
from Berlin, the German Navy League has
received a telegram from Tsingtau saying
that the work of oonstructing the railway
from Kilaochou to Kauml has been resumed
under German military protection. Gen. Yuan
Shi Kal retired fifty kUlometrea from the rall-
way when requested to do so by the Governor,
Herr Jaeschke. The Germans have occupied
Kaumi. They seem to be following the methods
adopted by Russia ln Manchuria,

Aocording to the Gaulois, Gen, Frey, com-
mander of the French forces in China, has re
quested to be relieved from his duties because

| of i) health.

AN AMERICAN HERO AT PERRIN.

Twenty-three Missionaries at Tang-Chow
Saved by W. 8. Ament.
Speetal Cable Despatch to Tun Sun,

London, Oct. 18.--The Times this morning
printa a long account of the siege of the lega-
tions at Pekin The correspondent aays that
on June 7 the American missionaries at Tung-
Chow asked Mr. Conger, the United Stataa
Minister, to send an escort there to bring them
to Pekin

Mr. Conger declined on the ground that
such a mission would be too dangerous, but
W. 8S. Ament took fourteen carta from Pekin

' to Tung-Chow, a distance of fourteen miles, and

 

|

the Twenty-seoond Regti- |

rescued twenty-three missionaries,
of devotion and courage,” says the correapond-
ent, “which seemed to us who knew the coun-
try to be a deed of heroism.”

WARSHIPS WITHDRAWN

Only Two American Vessels Left te Protect
American loterests,

WASHINGTON, Oct, 12,-All the American
warships, with the exception of two, have
been withdrawn from Taku and the Pel-Ho
by order of Rear Admiral Remey, thus em-
phasizing the intention of the United States
to maintain In China only enough vessels and

FROM TAKC,

    

    
  

men to protect American intereata, This
practical abandonment of northern Chinese
waters by American naval vessels ta indica-
tive of a belief on the part of the Government
that the international crisia has passed and
that harmoneus action will mark the rela-
tions of the Powers in their negotiations tor
@ settlement of the troubles In China

hot now be necessary to send to Chinese 4

the additional ships, including the

ship hentucky and the erulser Albany, recently
assigned to the Asiatic station, and they will
probably be disposed of in the Philippines
or detailed for ernising duty elsewhere within
the limits of the station

o the Navy Department, re-
ceived fternoon, Kear Admiral Remey,
Commander-in-Chief of the Asiatic. station,
reports his departure in the flagship Brookivn

In a telegram

 

this

    

 

 

  

for Nagasaki It is his purpose to return to
Cavité and resume is duties there Rear
Admiral Kempf, second in command of the
atation, is at Cavité His duties in the future
will be determinad by Admiral Remey The
teegram from Admiral Reme ws

‘Tak Oct 12 Mirines enbarked on Brook-
Ivn, Ztfiro and transport Indiana Lafiro
has gone to Cavité, Brooklyn to Chefoo and
Nagasaki Indiana sails shortly, Some sick
aent to hospital at Yokohama: others to be |
removed soon as possible and hospital at Tien-
tsin be closed New Oreans remains at Taku

Monocacy winters in Pei-Ho

Suicide of Charles Kilkary.

BAINBRIDOR, Ga, Oct 12,—Charles Kilkary,
a member of the Robertson theatrioal company

laying at this city, committed suicide at the
haron Hotel last night by taking morphine.
The body will be shi: ped to New York.

AT ANY OF THE

Consolidated Gas Co.'s
OFFICES

you can find a full assortment of
tanges, heaters, radiators, water
heaters and other fixtures.

The ranges are rented and kept
in repair for three dollars a year.

Or, as is the case with all other
goods in this line, they will be sold
outright.

The handling of these appliances
is a matter of accommodation to th
Company’s customers, and the prices
will be found much lower than
asked elsewhere.

 

Apply at any office of the

Consolidated Gas Co.

 

BATH Fixrurés
ROOM and AUXILIARIES

MEYER-SNIFFEN CO, Ltd., 5 East 19th St.

To avoid large water bills due to dribbling
faucete and frequent billa for repaira, inaiat on
having “EV-ESs Fulier” or “EM-ESS"™ Self-
Closing Keptin repair 8 years withow charge
in New York and auburba.

CARPET CLEANSING, |

REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7th Av., Near 28th St,

; aT
nett Abas. : 2 PRN, ircalar,

T. M.STEWART

DR. A. VINEBERC,
Ocualist and Optictan,

No. 1 East 424 St., Cor. Sth Ave

20 years’ experience. Eye Glasses and S

al mecmew prices. No extra charge fortes
order, .

 

 

   

 

clacles
gc eyes.

 

eyes made to

i

English and French gun- |

“an act |

 

|

| There ts no article of weari
| that shows more strongly the

| BROADWA

Tremont, cor. Mason St,’ Boston,

  

 

Cor, 18th st |
> Cor, S0th St

apparel
itference

| between skilled and unskilled labor than

hats.

| After a few days of wear any tmper-
fection ta workmanship or materials will
show, to the constant disgust of the

|are made in out own factory, where only |
| skilled labor ts employed; therefore we

‘unhesitatiogly say, “Wearing quality

guaranteed.

BROADWA

Silk and

13th St
50 St

Cor.
, Cor

Tremont, oor. Mason St, Baston
AGENTS IN ALL PRINCIPAL CITIES.

 

$9,000,000 JOB AT AUCTION:

THE HAVANA CONTRACT TO BE
LET AT PUBLIC BIDDING.

This Is the Work Which M. J. Dady of Brook-
lyn Wants to Do—The Decision Reached by
the Havana Municipality After @ Sharp
Debate—Washington Wishes Carried Ont,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Havana, Oct. 12.--The municipality of Havana
met to-night to take action on the question of
putting up at pubiie auction the contract for
the work of sewering and repaving the city.

This ts the work for which M. J. Dady of Brook-

Ivn made a rough bid of $0,000,000. The munict-

pality decided that as it had no board of en-

gineers with whom to consult and as the inter-
vening Government desired the work done Aa
soon as possible, the plans submitted should be
accepted and the work advertised to be bid for
at public auction

Tt was alao stated that the plans were ao-
cepted on the responsibility of the intervening

Government, that the bidding should be carried

on under existing lawa, that the military gov-

ernment should define the conditions of the
| auction and that these conditions should finally
be passed upon by a committee of five mem-
bers of the council

There was a sharp debate before this de
cision was reached. Sefior Zayas said that the
Ayuntamiento had no rights under the law,as
the military order tnaking Gena Ludiow Gov-
ernor of Havana had taken all ce mntrol of public
works out of the hands of the municipairy
| Sefior Zayes urged that the plans suggested
by Governor (General Wood be acce;ted
because he said, he knew the Government at
Washington was determined to carry them out

Sefior Cosuso replied to this by saying that
the Washington Government could carry out
| the work if it wished to, but it could not make
the municipality pay for it.

Sefor Dols argued that the municipality
should declare just what rights Mr. Dady
had, as in case some one Underbid him the
successiul bidder would want to know where
he atood,

Sefior Cosuso opposed the proposition
to appropriate $9,000,000 for the work. The
Engineers’ Department, he said, had estimated
the cost at $7,800,000 and this would allow a

good margin of profit.

 

THE PIGHT AT MATANZAS.

One Soldier Was Wounded—Progress of the
Cubans With Their Finances.
Special Came Despatch to THR SUN
HAVANA, Oct, 12.—Despatches from Matanzas
| confirm yesterday's stories of the fight there
between soldiers and police. The

 

 

trouble, |

which is not rewarded as important, started |

through the wounding of an American soldier
by a policemaninanattemptto settiea drunken
quarre] between two soldiers. Then another
American soldier fired at a storekeeper from @
window of the barracks. The bullet missed
the storekeeper, but struck a boy in the wrist.
The eoldiers rushed to the racks and tried to

| regulations the rack was locked «nd they did
| not get their guns. The men quieted down
lin a few minutes
| Secretary of Finance Cancio has presented
his annual report. During the first half of the
year 1900 the {sland Finance Department dis-
| bursed $3,000,000 against $600,000 for the same
| period tn 1899. This shows for one thing that
the island government is gradually taking over
the payment of money formerly controlled by
the military authorities. The revenues are
better collected than under the Spanish régime,

; get their rifles out, but according to army |

| for although the tax rates have been reduced |

there is as much revenue received as former!)
Sefior Cancio recommends the introduction of
American coinage on the island

 

 

Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Ock 12—These army orders were

fasued today: a ™
4% Henry ©, Davis, ent rifllery, to the
me of the General Electric Company, Schnectady,
N. Y., and tothe Chloride Accumulator factory, Phil-
Match on official business pertaining to the United
States Artillery School
First Lieut Ethelbert L. D Procsiastéan Tenth
Infantry, from Alcatraz Island, Cal, to join his com-

ny.
First Lieut. Wilbur E. Dove, Twelfth Infantry,

to Fort Wood, for duty with recrults, under orders to

| sail on transport Buford from New York for Manila.
| First Lieut. Jacques de L. La Fitte, First Infan
try (Captain and Assistant Quartermaster U.S. Vol

| unteera), and First Lieut Thomas F. Schley, Twen
ty third Infantry, will report to Major John F. Story
Seventh Artillery, President of the Examining Board,
to meet at Governors Island, New York, for examina
tion for promotion.

These naval orders were tasued:

Capt, C. H. Stockton, detached from duty as Prest-
dent of War College, proceed home and report for
temporary duty in connection with college.

Capt. F. bh. Chadwick to duty as Presiden: of War

| College, Oct 25

Commander F. Hanford, detached Tenth Light-
house district and tw Asiatic station for command
of Yosemite, report for passage on Solace, Oct 30

Lieut A. T, Chester, to duty at Washington yard
in Ordnance Department

These changes among oMoers on the Asiatic sta-
tion have been made by Rear Admiral Remey: Lieut.
W. H. MeGrann, from the Monocacy to the Brook
lyn: Lieut G. R. Clark, from the Yokohama Hos

ital and tohome. Lieut a. te Jayne, from the Newark
Mare Island. Ensign ©, 1. Poor, from the Brook-
lyn to the Monocacy, Naval Cadet J. K. Taussig
from the Monocacy and to Yokohama Hospital. Nav al
| Cadet FE. A. Weichert, from the Calamianes and to
the Newark: Naval Cadet RB. T. Bulmer, from the
| Newark and to the Calawaines ussed Assistant
Surgeon G. E. Lung, from the Monocacy and to Ca
vité station. Assistant rgeon J. C. Thoinpson
from the Monocacy and to Cavité station. First Lieut
’ H. Lyman, U.S. M._C., from the Marine Regi
| mentin China and to the Monocacy
| The resignation of First Lieut. Bh. Fo Sawyerof the
| Marine Corps has been accepted by the President

  

  
 

Presidential Appotntments.

WaSHINGTON, Oct. 12.—The President has
made the following appointments:

Bradstreet S. Rairden of Maine to be Consul
at Hatavia, Java, and Thomas T. Prentis of
| Maesachusetta to be Consul at Martinique, West
| Indies

Ackronto Be Tried for Assault.

| Charles BE. Ackron, former manager of the
| Tivoli in West Thiriy-fifth street, waived ex-
| amination in the Jefferson market police oourt

| yesterday and was held for trial on a charge of
| Seip" “Whitey” Brown, a cabman, last

ee

epee cneeeerticcesinnstencininsitininianmsineenccnmennnnatimnnaitiiatiinniniinmmmisitnininetinmcmcniins

 

Most
Westerners

are aware of the progressive
policy, modern service and
steadily increasing patronage
of the popular

Chicago
Great
Western

Chicago to St. Pau! and Minneapolis;
to Des Moines, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. For ful! information apply to
any railroad avent, call on or address
tM. JeNK v8, City Passenger
Agent, 319 Broadway, New York, or

P. H. LORD, General Passenger Agent,
Chicago Great Western Railway, Chicago,

 

 

For Children,
The Coward
‘*Good Sense”’

Shoe

‘ inevitably interest every mother

thoughtful of her chfid’s present comfort
and future welfare. Nothing like it elsewhere
ho agencies. no branches. Result of & years
spent in perfecting a shoe that will positively
insure a healthy, weli-formed mature foot.
oste bo more than those that do nut fit

H+ teatebtath 4 Button
tis v0 105g 3.81.65 :
to 8... BOO
Cahatogus sent for Ae esting

JAMES 8. COWARD,
268-272 Greenwich St., near Warrea n.. N.Y.

   

Removal Notice.
The National
Butchers’ & Drovers’ Bank

OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,
Formerly located at Bowery & Grand St,

WILL OCCUPY ITS

NEW BANKING ROOMS,
Broadway, Cor. Third St.

ON MONDAY, OCT, 15TH, 1900,

WM. H. CHASE, Cashier.

 

 

TERRORIZING WORKING MINERS,

   

Strikers From Ourside Invade the Pasther
Creek Region.

POTTSVILLE, Pa., Oct. 12.—Repeated calls
came to the Sheriff's office here this afternoon
for deputies to hurry to Coaldale, in the Pan-
ther Creek, where strange strikers were pur-
sulng the same course that provoked the riot
and shooting at Shenandoah. All day, these
emissaries ware busy at work. They started
in early this morning and began assaulting
miners who wanted to go to work. There
were several knockdowns. One deputy was
severely injured, but no shots were fired. Un-
able to induce the 7,000 miners of the Lehigh
Coal an! Navigation Ceenp ny to etop work,
the belief is that sever “hundred trange
strikers from other districts have en it
upon themselves to terrorize the men and force
them out. Two such attempts were made, one
at No. Soolilery and the other at No. 11

The people of Panther Creek now inalet that
deputies or troops come into that district to
protect property, in time, before overt acts
are committe, This isthe only district where
to any extent and the
eave nothing undone to tle up

hard coal is now mine
strikers will
these mines

 

   

  

Steinway

You can always rent a
Steinway for temporary
use. Even when away
from home you need not
be deprived of a good
instrument. We rent
Steinways by the day,
week, month, year,
STEINWAY & SONS,

107-109 East 14th Street,
Near Union 8q,