Se —

HOAR PU NCTURES BRYAN,

sows UP THE ona OF THE WHOLE

POPULIST PROGRAMME,

He Tears Bryan
and Demons
16 to L-New

   

and Schare Would Have Little Power.

ConoorD,
Frisbie Hoar,

chusett » of
the camplagn in tie Concord Ton Ha

to-night He audle.ce was large and
ent usiatic It supplemented itn some

reepects his

other

policy {s fallacious He said tn part

“We had a great debate tu 1506. We made
a issue and the Democratio party was

defeated, We have had four years’ —

for a new trial with the same old oandt-
with one or,

up th

ence. The Democratic party comes back,

fa)
date the aame old leaders, and,

perhaps 1 ought properly to #a\, two excep-
mean |

tions, the same old doctrines, They

to elact Mr. Bryan, if they can; they mean to
nage of silver at io tod, if they
t verthrow the protective

get the free ox
cant they mean
system,
Bryan's remedy for what they « ll

great and overgrowo a gregatons of capital, if
they can; they mean to impose 4p {ncome
tax by national authority, if they can; and
they mean to reconstruct the Supreme Court |
of the United States, if they can. Two other
questions have assumed prominence at the

present time not discussed in the last election,

but practical questions now
the South

 

are following their example, so that before
long, if they a» not stop, there are to be ten mile |
lion colorad peons in the United States depi ived
of the righta of American cilizenstlp, and the

question ls upon us, whether we shall exec ute
the Southern

the Constitut!onal mandate that ¢

 

Democratio States which have done this thing
ehall have their representation in Congress
proportionately reduced or w hether you and I
alsoarejto be disfranchized and have fifty or
aisty men mate laws for us who represent
nothing but usurpation That question deé-,

nds our attention now

“Another question haa come up for our con-
sideration That vestion f@ how we are

to deal with the people of the Philippine Islands

I stated in my place in the Senate, ua I have
stated {in many appeals to the public while
dissent
fron. the policy which was adopted in the Span-
ish treaty of 1890. I declared at the same time
with equal emphasis that my hope for the ul-
tumate triumph of Justice and righteousness
and liberty, as [ understood them in this matter,

 

the question was going on, my total

    

was in the Republenan party and how
else | have ar sald one t
raying the ot Both those 4
stand by to-day If there has been

 

 

  

al

     

mack it the hour « 1
ile says that he wantee
out of the way and to rr
he trusted to a resolutl
vent the mi

of the o;
to what isc ule
Ly every bod
President the

tly asserted |
tlie whatever to any

 

   
  

 

part of the Ph ipyy ~

city of Manila. W r tle t

part of the Philippine I ope 1
treaty with Spain, whi rT

only by a twoethirds ¥ f the Sena rt
defeat of the treats 18 AS sur is
seemed as the rising of  to-morrow's
sub, With many votes to spare, when Mr. Bryar

came ip person to Washi
adoption He waa the st

 

(nowledged lee

 

of the Democratic party; he had been it« candi-
date at the last election: he was sure to be at
the next election. He put forth ali his au-

thority to induce his unwillir
change thelr attitude and to v

in spite of
and most exper

 

se trey

 

 

enced leaders of the Democracy

 

 

 

   

Tt was as if some great itary and political
leader of ¢t Revolutionar War had sur
rendered W nt te the enemy the midst

 

got the Cor

of the strugg die
we were the lawful su

gress to de

   

jects of Gre Britain and that King Ge

was our right’! sovereig: nd said that he
did it because Le wanted pe * that he } ed
later to wel through a resolu nh soinewhere

which would declure our independaer

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Hoar en took up the
YT and prosper Fle si
the rich getting richer t
richer We shall ne
‘ to talb free beads
1 of the cour ‘
| the two terrible night
Cleveland two administratio
Mchinle prosperit f
of this in reached the hig
the world's histor Under Mr
went dc to the worst { ! ve iv
nown in our own histor MN * under the
Dingle’ bill the tide } a! k ngan and
isen higher tiia er hef

On the questior
If the

 

litieal history

   

 

    

   

 

   

 

 

itis the Dernocrati« » question
r =e large al lake
Eat, W , N h or Soutt herever
find a great trus ou find a great
ratic leader in the midst of it. Just
@ Demoe paign begun came the
Pures lrust witt the great
rati vy York, where De
sell it & wreat trust, arne
res ‘ he senate committee,
hiw A ner r, spent a large part
ofl titer in investigating the conteat be
v two Democratic leaders of Mone |
4 seat in the Senate They were
yrichest men in the worl
{ tuat these great trusta are
langer Ve are to that they
ne @& CA ron the | i
the State | etie re not quite #o bad as
at.) «Bat 1 agree tuat they are in Gauger of
becoming & great ¢ Mr Bryan is not the
first cancer d r who has sought to induce
a ling patient to trust lls renedy lu
gener: in « cnses, tle doctor has been
more danger tia rdey If the
patient a 9 he is pretty
aur to die 3 . @ trust be as
bad as Mr Brva epre t in ms
Judgment as great aa Brvanist I

 

do no eueve eitherint
ecrip tien
j eb

nine

 
 

or ty

 

   

put the nroter tive
in the pow y corrupt trust, great orsmalf,
that ma ose ton li Let a half dover
Men &et ether nad rtinat st mar

factiire wool machinery or 1 u val

woolen cleth, and 4 ! ‘ roachine st
in the t r every % ber th fact

   

1

  

as t» the interpre

“Buti think | am eit e outhorite

dont thinks isthelawfulrighttode. There

can be remedy bot fimpehment —impea:h

ment by a i ” Reorese itives elected
me tine he Was eeoted -and convice

 

 

ite} it thirds vote

Returning to the Philippine question Senator

If tiis Spanish treaty be right President
’
'

MeKinle ni Mr irvar both right
If thie Spanish treat he wrong, President
McKinley and Mr Bryan were equally wrong

Now what »Weto do for the future? IT can
find no substontial difference, when we come

to any practical declaration of purpose, be-

tween the two candidates or the two parties
on that question There are men in both
parties who say that we ought to hold on for-
ever to this conquest. Some of them think

 

 

interest to do
of the desire or the character o
I suppose Mr Goons Pe] Alabama
Jemocrata come into power wil
the Senate
' Committee on Foreign Kelationa, is of that way
And he has the Democratic State

of thinking
of Alabama at his
mrties aay they mean to give ‘tot 184 *hillpp ine
lands self-government as soon as they
5 it, and Ido not see that one party goes
any turther than the other party in this respect
like this phrase, “
“give good government’
sell-government,
nof Independence
led to by the laws ot
But the phrase is
the phrase of the

‘e Philippine Policy to Sbreds,
ates the Menactog Danger of
embers of the Firm of
Bryan, Croker, Altgeld, Houtwell, Tillman

do not myself
government”

Maas,, Oct. 12.—The Hon. George
eenior Senator from Massa-
s. delivered @ #peech on the issues of

fathers said in the Declaratic
is a thing Chat they are ent:
tuiture and of nature’s Giax
Bryan's and the phrase is
« platform and not mine
Vemoeratic wives no assur-
Independence
their promise, a stable
sstublished by
splance saya
He makes no

come after, accordiig to

! “os oon) «(the
previous ulteranc form of gove

Phiuppine ouestion, @iving reasons, among
uguments, why the Bryan Philippine

 

hot even that he will do that
ggostion of rycatiing our troops bs

of " inking them any promise by Ki xreoutive all-
He says he will call Congress together
; to do the things set forth in the Democratio
Now he kvows nerfectly well,
nowsa anvth ing
call together wi

ll do nothing bey
President has dec lared his purpose tol ave done
vast strength of ime
Democratic
nder the hope «

ile knows very

accomplishing

h New York

treme imperialista tn
Ik not outaet Gov
in the matter of imipertallsra

if they can; they mean to a opt Mr,

“trusts” or ft 1s ol atta ed

iittee on Foreignk lations if the
Democrats get the Senate, i
Senator Pettus, who will be chairman
N udl tary tf th 16 Democr: ita get the Senate, are
zealous and thoroughgoing
the purpose to
over the whole x
Of the nine ne
voted for the ratir!

goon half were

ine Islands llow ers of Mr.
In five States at
the Democratic party has succeeded
by ingenious proce-se in taking away from
the colored nen the rightto vote. Other States

alists upon conviction,
yan says he {a going to o
r and recommend t
+ Democratic pi
Ul spirits from t}
re fortunate tha
come when he de

 

¢ ongress to ure

n Glendower,
, } the leader sallied forth to get their names,

iawiclan will hay

of, the I irits

are undoubtedly many persons tn thie
10 have been carrte

 

ld on to the Phillpptne
ynot constitute the strength
of the party
x5 {ts purpose, and they do not conatitute
e American peo ;

 

strength of tt

 

! to give these 7
| ernment when they it, and as fast
Aa bid ne sonidos

cept ite pledge as
to the Filipinos what tt
e to the Cuban

 

18 party whi i
accomplished
it sustained slivery

sis ted everything that h

the party that adopted
h made every

it dot wth th e » Re by

' three great amendments whi

 

i? party that fi Ali istered f 1 days anc nd ft a’ ‘s
yption of the Thirteenth Amend-
a singie vote?
‘rns Massact

against the ado

{he
h was carried by

or wrong in the past, Mr. William J Hrvan

 

onsible s any man, 4s any ter
since the treaty leit
It was he w

 

i-imperialism in the iol song the canse of anti-im-

   
 
 

 

 

and have Con

 

 
   

‘ist It wa dereed

   

will not contribute much of

18 of the firm ithe new adraint

 

 

 

are aa thorou
ever was Daniel Webster in M

behind him’
South Carolina will sneak with
1 the Phitprine
he remonstrances of the wisest

 

Mississippi will

Washington
administration

   

hahind it the |

men of the Wear, In earnest and meaning bus

 

  

inti-imperia

| indict atite ere |i j l to Ju “We
have made good ndicunents were landed ip nudge New

 

| stiff and half dead.

 

FOR M'RKINLEY.

As an American Citizen He Says He Can't
Sapport ryan.
one of the best-known oltizens

former Bridge trustee,
dent of the W amen Trust Company a:
other financlal inatit Us |
capadiaves Bryan and Bryanism
and oome out for McKinley
statement yesterday

“I belleve that should Bryan be elected there |
will be a panic and a general paupertzing of
these United States
ae the history of the country has never known

1 am a Democrat and I have always been
one. and I do not wish to go on record as being
At the same time,
an Amertoan citizen who takes a deep interest
in the affairs of his country as every American
and as a man of Independent
seeking at all tlmes the wel-
ors and his fellow citizens,

myself to support the candi-
date of the Democratic party

Moses May,
of Brooklyn, a

 

director !n

 

He made this

financtal affairs in

a turncoat

citizen ought to,
characteristics

fare of his ne

indenendent
, 1 might feel that it was
Aa the conditions
. I feel that a vote for Willlam
ld be a vote

» support him

toward cone
and against the

   

the ftinanctal

humble optnion, have e' ven the
a vernment, and t
done would be utt er

I am a Demo

  

 

ite for William Jennings Br
ay that if Il am
vote for a President of the United

PREDICTS MAJORITY

r. Hoar toon tock up ié tet. He sald he
ee : Wholesale Dry Goods Clah.
Alderman James MeInnes of Brooklyn apokea
Goods Club's noonday
f his speech
ieted that Brooklyn

sav whether Mr. Gage

give McKinley

 

erous inconsisten

 

  

  

 

More Wage Earners Wil! Vote for McKinley.

The Amerioi
outa circular to its connecti«
Us of Wage earner

» Tariff League

requesting pr

 

| receive 8.249 votes n the same fac-
In these factories Mr. Bryan
received 1, 127 votes in 1896, and according to

the roll will receive 1,196 votes this year.

;
a

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13,

* COLONIZERS USED FISTS. descended on We gaux. Lynoh was grabbed
ina hurry, pod the paper on which he had made

| Bebe as he assigned his gang of repeaters
Ee was confiscated. fe proved to be an interest-
RESISTED ARREST WHEN CAUGHT | ing document. The deputies had no idea that
REGISTERING FRAUDULENTLY. the repeaters would resist, and there they made
& bad mis Lak @ Tor the gang showed their evrong
i : {arms without @ moment's vesitation, and for
McCullagh's Deputies Captere Members of | jaw minutes there was a hot tine in that
the Notorious ‘Strong Arm Gang’ Aftera . polling place. The two deputies who arrested
Fight--"'Sonnay'’ Smith, Kaown as the King ynoh were sel upon at once by one

of Colonizers, Als Piaced Under Arrest. | McCarthy, a burly member of the gang
whose well develoned biceps gave the gang

Superintendent of Elections John MoCullagh its name, MeCarthy played havooe with the

had the most ive » yout t ehas ‘e@puties until a policernan came along ana with
- act day yesterday that he b along night stick succee 6. in taking the flaht

had aince his office was created in the Interest gut of hin Met arthy, Lynch anu five others
of a pure ballot. His deputies made a large were arreste!, bul all the rest of the gang es-

P salle Cabo Mecarthy an! Lyneh fought har. all
number of arrests, some of them on technical the way to the Yorkville police court anu were

ties and consequently unimportant, but about not entirely subuued until they were thrown
a dozen are of great importance, because the | into the court pen 4 th ' '
) . en arraigned the men sald they were
prisoners are men that Supt McCullagh has William hing of 41 Cherry street, Martin
had his eye on foralong time, and who are sus = MoMahon of 20 Henry street, Martin Murphy of
pected of being responsible for 90 per cent, of , 2s Haralvan arer: onan So eereuaon of tes How-
y ery anu John Kelly of 13 Oliver street, The. epu-
the colonizing that ts done {n this city each year. | tles gala that they hau watcheu the gang
One batch of arrestea was in the nature of a all morning an! had seen the pris-
triumph for Supt. MeCullagh and a humiliation poere, line up in He , Diace of ips:
( if ) ture, stration at 103 ire avenue, Klug
A eye Police | pp as ae ee re wig at the head of the line and McMahon
after @ flerce fight, of seven members of the next to him. King registered under the name
“Strong Arm gang,” @ notorious band of re of Barnes and Mc Mahon ase Alexander, both
peaters who have figured suspiciously at all of | Kiving fictitious addresses, These two men

ai ‘ ille rewistration an 16
the elections in this city for a number of years Vem a. phaleione pereane, Chips hee

In the letter which Supt, McCullagh sent Chief | Cullagh said last night that the paper taken
Devery and other police offielale last Sunday pom Lyuch coon ane Rumbere of some

‘ . , ouses In both the Fifth and Fourteenth dis-
attention was caled t this gang and the @d@& | tiicig Most of these houses are ones which

dress of the resort where the members have | rent out furnished srooms, and Lynch had
been inthe habit of gathering andthe nameof | marked down anumber of rooms in each house,

. ’ giving their exact location in the house, The
the person who keeps it were given It was paper will be used as evidence against the

one of the places that MoCullagh specifically | nambers of the “Strong Arm Gang” now in
stated should be closed if the police sincerely | custody , e

’ { . messen. came running over to Supt,
desired _ check colonizing: it was one of those McCullagh’ a headquarters last night with word
that McCullagh sald could be closed as @ dis- | that there was a riot in progress in the place

orderly house, if an excuse was needed, as evi- es reglscranion at ive. i grows, atreet oe
0 6 4 8 in the Thirteenth Election district of the

dance of ita haracter ould be obtained without | Eighth Assembly district and {s in the very
diflculty. Chief Devery did nothing about the | heart of the “Red Light” district. The mes-
matter, and, having sent his letter of warning, | senper, cane unas heads roe being broken and
. { a that the registration cler hac nad to oe

Supt MoCullagh said no more .| With thelr) books in order to pre
Yesterday moruing the “Strong Arm gang” | vent § their bein destroyed. MoCullagh
met in this very place and after getting some | py a hurry cal for bee to we El.
dridge alreet police Station ani the

instructions from a man who appeared to be reserves carne ina hurry They arrived at the
place of registration at about the aame time
thatasqua ; of deputies sent from headquarters
did. They found things going along prmoethir.
The whole thing was a false alarm, and probably
grew out of the fact that a drunken man had

 

 

or rather each man his several names, on as
many registration bouks as possible. So far
as the police were concerned the gang might

ide a fuss early in the evening because he

have accomplished {ts purpose and not been | | Aine aaee ih ; ;
aie i. ‘}. | Said the clerks asked him impertinent questions.
interfered with, but a number of Supt. MeCul He was hurled into the middle of the street by

 

 

' lagh's men had been watching them and seven | common consent

of the repeaters were caught in the act. The 4 A number - arrests were made during the
, » day other than those already mentioned,
whole gang might have been gathered tn if Thomas J. MeGrath of 301 Kast Thirty-second

the deputies had been in sufficient force, | street was arrested in the place of registration

but the repeaters were fighters, and the depu- | at 34 East Thirty-second street because he
ties «had ‘\ thes could a to hold said he was born in this country and then pro-
, ’ a y ‘ou! > % ' duced naturalization papers. In court he said
; onto the men they grabbed firat. Another | that he was bornin this country, but when @

gang of repeaters was followed around the | child went to ireland, whece he aves for
t ibly ‘ y | thirty-nine year e con-idere suse an
Lighteenth Assembly district all morning by | Jricnman. and when he came back bere took

MeCullagh’s deputies. The orowd tried ita | out naturalization; apers. He was discharged.

best to dodge the deputies, but they couldn't aoa ge plets 24, of 728 Rast Fifth sireet, said
{ e went re ction ‘ y

get away, Once half a dozen of them, think- | ¢h, sixth Assernbly district that he voted {nm
ing that they had given the deputies the alip, | Jersey City at the last election. As that elece

siid into a place of registration and waited | on Was not “ ) ear Bac, he bin! arrose
aa ae ew iy excuse was that he said the last time he votec
for a turn to register they had previously ; was In Jersey City That was two years ako.

registered in another district. The deputies | jie was not held) In the kighth Assem

were after them though, but before they could | district ipere ee two rey re D risone re
har » ’ } . |) were Charles Martin of 116 Allen street anc
get them a spy gave the alarm and the would- | juju. Howe of 140 Forsyth street. Both men

be repeaters skipped out in a hurry. Every had been misunderstood in their statemente

member of this gang was shadowed for the to oat amo birth, they claimed, and
ut oO } » t b they were allowed to go.

rest of the day, but as none of them made Arthur Tunison, a negro, who eaye he {s an

another attempt to register, no arrests were | actor, was arrested last night on a warrant

made {asued by Judge Newburger, charging him with
ly far the most {mportant arrest of the day et nx connected with fraud in the election in the

was inade tn the afternoon when John, allas | gon will be ape

 

neteenth Assembly district last year. Tuni-
cally charged with agreeing

  
 

Sonny” Smith, was taken Into custody by a| for a consideration to vote for a@ particular
McCullag? puty. smi is know ough person Sty t. MeCull agh has been after Tuni-
{cCullagh deput uth k n throughe |) vaveb aince laat election. Liter thai Biention

cut the elty as the “King Colonizer Supt. | the man disappeared Met ullagh said yester-
McCullagh says that he has been colonizing | day that Tunison was one of many men that
for years, but that he has been so clever about | he wanted last year, who had prea, nim De
: slip he coming election is bringin lem
it that he has never been caught. His bus | . Mhant to town however, and he expects to
ness, according to McCullagh, is the forma- | bag quite a few between now and election day,
into repeating squads of gangs like the | [Wo arrests were made last 1 ight SOF irregular
ne Arr ang,” and he aends then 4 registration, the prisoners being James A,
ng Mm gang, and he sends them out [ pord of 142 West Thirty-first street and David
of his own choosing to register in as | Bulkin of 188 Alle street
n distriets as cap Sonny” Supt) McCullagh said last pight that the
eaters have been arrested time | “Strong Arm cang” was one of se encour.
me again for illegal registration and | aged by “Sonny” Smith, but we Pores zed by
ire than one of them is now doing time for | William Keatir Ww, alias “Bottles Veating 9
his offence. Supt. McCullagh says that he | now in Sing Sing for illegal registration. His
has traced gang after wang of repeaters back | ang went up to a polling place in Amsterdain
to Smith, but that he has been unable to maka | avenue last election day, upset_a ballot box
out a case against the man himself. To get | and assaulted several men They stole one
at the root of the evil he wanted to arrest Smith | man's watch ;
and convict him, but the man was wily and | ., Capt. F. Norton Goddard and a faree of depue
ild not be secured. It appears | tles kept a close watch on ail the registration
booths in the Twentieth district yeaterday and

 

 

 

     

     

 

a wood case

from time to time, too, that among the powers
that be in this eity, Smith had friends who | {n consequence many votes were challenged,
nxtous tO protect him from criminal | Among those challenged was that of Supt. Will

appeared

 
   

‘fam B. (Rourke of Bellevue Ae {tal Supt.
morning Deputy Attorney-Gen- | ( Hourke lives with his family in the matn hoge
) Hedges called at the District Ate | pital building and claims that as his legal res{-
torney's office and said that, according to his | dence, while the Republicans assert that he
interpretauon ot the law which created Supt, | &esides in a charitable institution and must

MeCullagh’s department, he, representing | vote from his place of residence before moving
MeCullagh, could @o before the Grand Jury of | to Bellevue O'Rourke formerly. lived

jay

 

 

 

 

his own initiatuve in the matter of election | anoth district, but 1s desirous of voting in
Cares, an leave out the Distriet Attorney's | the Twentieth, where hefs one of theleaders

| office entirely There was a conference with hia move on the part of the Republ cans ts

igo Newburwer of the General Seastons only a foreminner to what wi ll no doubt prove

 

the matter and Mr. Hedge's position , & bitter fight, that of stopping the pauper vote
aintained A little later MeCullagh | [n this district. Capt. Goddard and his as-
a number of his dep rut es went before the | soclates allege that on or about election time
of the inmates of the Almshouse and
other institutions on the Islandain the East
Hiver are brought down to Bellevue and em-
iloyed as orderlias and at at other Jobs around

ble hos va ital and in this manner are allowed

     

an |
(rand Jury, and when the jury came in two | Many

wurcger, who issued bench warrants. The
warrants were for Smith, and he was arrested i The
late in the afternoon on the Bowery near House | he
ton street. Unlike the other men arrested to vote In the district, The men Ord anni
for fratid in connection with the elections, | and of course have no right to do so, and on this
Smith took his arrest philosophically, and | |! ne the Republican leaders are go ing to make

companied fia captor, Deteouive sense a figh
Pun thas ra the foe at Gaheeal Bea | Kichard Croker expressed himself as pleased
5 where was held in $1,000 bail on each | With the report of a big registration fant night.
indictrneats. His lawyer was unable | .qJ¢ means Demoe ratic success,” he sald.
ire 4 bondsman and Smith was locked | |We,will have a big vote." Mr. Croker said

he didn't care to discuss colonizing.

 
    

 

  

e Tombs

McCullagh was willing to talk about
Smith last night, but he positively refused Declines to Run for Senator.
to give any particulars of the charges against
hi save the general Information that he was AURANY, Oct. 12.—Lester J. Bashford, Demo-
{ ted in connection with election frauds cratic nominee for Senator in the Twenty-
MecCullagh was jubilant over the arrest and fourth (Columbla, Dutchess and Putnam coun-

ald that in Smith he had captured the head | ,
of cha. ‘whe le colonizing system in this ate, | ties) district, to-day notified the 8 cretary of

and that he felt confident phat cr ine gan | | Btateof hia declination. Thisis the district tn
out of the way, all the plans at had been . ;
made for fraud at the coming election would | Tilep Socgses Amiies baa Sem eceee I?
fall through. { catia sa » {
Smith was another of the men mentioned HX Raval es ror be4 barty Bominations With the
by McCullagh tn his recent letter to Chief Deve | :
ery as a man to be watched right up to elec
tion day, Smith {4 about 40 years old and
rather good looking. He looks anything
but the rlese violator of the ballot that
he is accused of Hils record cannot
stand investigation, although some one around
Police Headquarters has done as much as
they couldtocleantitupforhim. Inthe rogues’
gallery there used to be a pieture numbered

 

   

     

 

  
 

  

 

4,530. It was Srnith’s and it was taken in 18901,
when he was arrested as a pickpocket by Poe
lice Captain Titus, who was then a detective
sergeant Since that time Smith's conduct
has not heen sifficiently exemplary to warrant
the removal of his picture from the Police
Headquarters collection Supt McCullagh
saves that he has been a gambler and pool-
room proprietor eve ince, and it ts also said
that he has spent much of his time around the
ra ke Nevertheless his picture was ree
tn m tl rogues’ gallery by some
} nosed person and it has never been
pu In speaking of the arrest last night
Ss ulagh d
k that weean make outa case against
this ‘Kirg | ntver’ There are two tndict-
ments again i hut for reasons that I can-
r make put t this time, I cannot give out
1 rei saree I ar y much grati- 1 2
Se eee iTmmant abt arene at tie icone Cast your eye on some of the
Smith save that he lives at 22 Fast Thire |
treet. It wan anid that no attempt tn a fd men recently imported from

made to convict Smith

 

any. wrongdoin
f slection but that ; London and you w ill see trou-

   

    

 

connection eon
Fes clade (Get ers ao large in, he, ip that
ail charged with counterfeiting. This) 1an oomers’ ’ best describes them.
ae Tea We la ale anil tuat the tet ce That's why boys, who love to
Qi tment is boced on te alia ed fraids in the | copy their elders, should take |
we DD The ent eo eee Ae | kindly to bloomer suite,

stiles sau (ee ee Gard ee | This season offers the bright-
in the morning, when they tackled the (Strong | eat, moat stunning bloomer ie

hanging around Amy <arrolls place in Fast ever seen; some with vests; some

Vhirteenth street, where the gang is known

ts) mee t. ne saw the member come along double-breasted without vests;

 

   

 

 

  
  

 

 

one t ind then start o ad by a man
who \ ested later ¢ he namie of : :
Jar es ivr h and sid he lived at 5a Third some with sailor blouses.
ayenie urneh tock about, Mfteen members Che shoes, the hats, the shirts,
heath sie ‘ick ‘abies! | the ties, the gloves, that properly
the men me ib . It was the , » ,
the. sy ome waht’ ite go with them are here—every-
4 FS sent into the place ay

OO tT ede ne nears. thing boys wear is here.
entire fifteen had teen rewiste ed under various ‘
(oton heran sending hin men over to tea blows Roorrs, Peer & Company.
of reaistratior Th ird avenue \ithovugh > 258 Broadway, cor. Warren.
On Opposite sof the same street the places and 7 and 6 Warren St
are in diferent Assen districts. The {rst 668 Broadway, cor. l’rince We fill orders
place is in the Fifth alstrict ar d “ e last ;laco 126 Broadway, cor. 324 by mall.
in the bourteenth district ch never and 54 West 33d St
changed his position a all, and ae men who |

| had resistered at 102 Third avenue took their

orders to @o tothe: ther place with unconcern |
5 mecond B ; feline ths Caan tn | ARPET T LEANS
the second pince und then, seeing the rest lined |

ip waiting their turn, they decided that they Ce, Tb Maas lin

had all the necessary evidence of fraud and rgest peng gee the World. Every. detail,
THE THOS, J, STEWART ¢
Brooklyn and Long Island Home Sites. 4 30 years’ qpperience.
Some of the best caamples of the architect and | 1554 Broadway. New Yor
bullder's handiwork are within. easy reaenh of your Erie and Sth Sts., Jersey City.
business locality in New York city, See Sunday's | STORAGE WAREHOUSE AND MOVING VANS
SunN.—Adn Teelphone Send for interesting cireulas.

 

2

   

 

    
  

akes You
ow Strong

Builds Nerve and

Ny ‘ Muscle; Makes
J the Blood Rich.

   
 
 
 
 
  

When you are tired
out and sick take
Paine’s Celery Com-
pound, Itcures and
makes you grow §
strong and robust,

 
 
 
     
  
 
 

F. L.. SKILLIN,
West Somerville,
Mass., writes:

‘*“We always use
Paine’s Celery
Compound and
give it to the
children “when
they are run
down or have
kind of
nervous trouble,
It builds them
up, regulates the
bowels, gives an |
appetite, and |
makes them |

strong.
now giving
our little boy five
years old, and it
is doing
much good.”

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

| am
it to

 

 
 
 

him

  
   

 

DRUMMERS AGAIN IN THE rion. | AGAINST BRYAN. REPUBLICAN WOMEN AT WORK,

 

Campatgn Headauarters at t 129 Fifth Avenue
Were Opened Yesterday.

The Woman's Republican Association of the

of New York

His Plan to Destroy Trusts He Has Said Will
Not Destroy Them,
HARRISBURG,
mass meeting at
ing Congressman Marlin F

The Commercial Travellers Resume Work for
the Cause of Sound Money.
Sound Money ~Addreasing a

Downingtown

McKinley in the campaign of 1806 through their |
least three hundred wo-

men visited the headquarters and manifest-
ed their interest in

} o'clock at
s, showing that while
of this week he

the subject
. on Wednesday
gave as his method for destroying trusts: ”
le on the free list.”

cord the same Mr. Bryan
believe you

tlons yesterday in Its new
ifth avenue
The large hall which ts in the Blatehford Bulld-
rated with the national
can flag was placed

street, resumed «
work by tak
» to distribute amor

friends and by;
best methods to pursue in el
Republican nomi

ing Wes handsome’; trust-made
neering for the

et of the head-

 

ofticers of the association can direct syst
| the work of the Republic
York city and thr

 

at the rear of the hall large enough to because ff an
‘dinthis country as cheaply

, the trust could

   
 

sterday the hall
Shepherd presided

ii be open diilv fror
wili be cordiails
Helen Varick Boswell,
* association, says that the Rep. ibiiosn
women will begin their active < vam paign on Mon-

and introduced ¢ hari oF a _ permen’
their destruction by

   

ut w hil ” free tre ade would pern {t

 

Fred R. Moore for the Assembly.
ane in Brooklyn have norninated
for Assembiy inthe Fig!

Demoeratic, t
Ss, Make a hustling canvass

and wealthy individual opern- |

or into the unfortunate be Republ ler

The district ts
| will, neverthele

© An Expensive ” Tip” §

is the one which you cut off and =
throw away every time that you
smoke a Five Cent cigar.

neatly as much labor in making this &
end as all the rest of the cigar, and S
yet every man who buys a cigar cuts @
it off and throws it away.
all you pay for when you smoke

Old Virginia Cheroots® :

Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroots smoked this °
year. Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for 5 cents,

riff bill during the last Demo-

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

would have

 

 

There is

    
 

loyal citizens,

Warwick finished

 

You get :

kept the “a udience

meetings will be
» Campaign by
some « if the best speak

league and

Every Locality Ofters Some Real Estate Ad-

Borough of Brooklyn ase dwellin place has
Bee Sunday's SUN, — Ade ° —