\

ag ee
3 Se
_

ina
—$_$—$— A TTT

5 I eee

. - heed
¥ accmtiisall eee
— —s
ap eo

 

 

‘The Sse Sun.

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900,

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpatd,

 

DAILY, per Month #0 50
DAILY, per Year 600
SUNDAY, per Year 200
VAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year #00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month 70
Postage to foreign countites added.
tHe SUN New York City.
Panm-d acy ° near Grand Hotel, and
rd des Capucines

», Boule

Klosque No

If our Priends who faror ut with manuscripts for
publication wish to hare rejected articles returned, they

must in all cases send siamps for (hat purpose

Registration Again Toeday.

lo-day is the second day of registration
in New York and in all cities and towns of
this State of five thousand inhabitants and
over, ‘The places for registration In each
district are easily found, and in this city
they are open from 7 in the morning until 10
in the evening

The remaining days of registration after
19, and Saturday,

to-day are Friday, Oct
of next

Oct 20, or Friday and Saturday

week
Citizens must register in order to qualify

themselves to vote
Obvious prudence dictates the earliest

possible registration.

Repudiation Always With Us.
‘There is more in the repudiation move-

    

scorn of reality, “ is to become for the new
Republican party a matter of complexion,”
There is no “ new Republican party,” but
let that go. It is a good phrase enough
in the mouths of old abolitionists clasping
hands with the men who are taking away
the political righta of the negro in the South,
As to complexion, what haa the Republican
party done or said to justify the assertion
of the Three? It is the purpose of the
Republican party to admit the Filipinos
to such measure of self-government as
they shall be fitted for Complexion will
have no more to do with the matter than

| Guima's law has to do with the price of

ment than the Silver Barons or the heavily

mortgaged farmers. Its
be seen in this portion cf a speech delivered
by Bryan in Pittsburg in 1sve6, mentioned
in the Hon, Witttam M, IVINS S
argument for honest money,

{ unlimited coinage of silver means that
i can go out into the market,

recent

* Free al
If you owe a debt, yo
buy silver and have tt coined, and use that silver to
pay your debt, as you can now do with go'd.”

The acaling of debts will never lose wholly
its attractiveness, If the Presidential
campaign in 1904 should find us stag-
nant in our commerce, with thousands of
people who are now prosperous deep in
debt, the desire to ‘go into the market
to buy silver, have it coinedand use that
silver to pay debts ' would be strong again.
And then it would be found that Bryan as
President, even if he should now announce
his willingness to betray his platform
pledge to establish the free coinage of silver,
was a free silverite of the rankest kind.
BRYAN, so long as he isin politics, is a per-
manent stimulus to the spirit of repudia-
tion In the White House, backed by the
failure of prosperity, he would be an irre-
sistible force,

fo continue the well-being that we have
aid keep ourselves strong for withstanding
aiversity when fortune brings it, BRYAN
sliould be defeated now.

In the Thirteenth.

The Thirteenth Congress district in this
city runs from the North River to the East
tiver and from Fortieth street to Fifty-
ninth street. While probably the richest
Congress district in the United States,
it is also full of large manufacturing {ndus-
tries and of a very great number of laboring
men, There is no more important district
in Congress

The candidates in this district this year
WitntaAM RR, WiLLcox, Republican,
and O. H. P. Betmont, Democrat, At
present it is represented in Congress by
\ir. Jorrenson M. Levy, to whom Mr.
Choxen refused a renomination because
of his record as a gold man and an oppo-
nent of Bryanism.

Mr. BetMont is the owner and editor
of a newspaper in this city devoted to
Bryanism in its most extreme and violent
form. If he was elected, he would vote for
free silver, and for every species of assault
pon corporate industry and upon the courts,
Mr. Betmontr should receive the vote of
no honest citizen in the Thirteenth Con-
gress district.

Mr, Witicox, the Republican candidate,
is a young lawyer of integrity and ability,
who would makea highly oompetent Repre-
sentative. He is for the gold standard and
there is no doubt where he stands on any
other of the great issues on whose settle-
ment business prosperity and national honor
depend,

The Republicans, with their sound money
allies, can carry the Thirteenth district
thia year, as they did four years ago, when
their majority Was 1,400, and as they did
two years before, by 300 majority

We do not need to tell citizens so intelli-
gent as those of this district that their inter-
ests demand such representation in Con-
vress as they will get from Mr. WILLcox,

A Sublimely Impudent Address

Col. Tuomas WentwortH Hy1aatnson,
the Hon, Witn1amM LLoyp Garrison and
the Hon, Grorak SEwaLuL BovtTwe it have
composed an address to the colored people

of the United States, warning them against |

the Republican party. These self-ap-
pointed tutors of the colored people tell
therm there is a war of races in the Philip-
pines, the kind of war that both the white

foundation can |

 

and the colored races in this country must |

dread, and that “ every day in the Philip-
pines is already training our young Ameri-
ean soldiers to the habit of thinking that
the white man, as the rightful
ruler of other men.”

This study in the psychology of the
American soldiers in the Philippines shows
that instinetive horror of facts which is
characteristic of its authors in their anti.
imperialistic tantrums, Those soldiers are

such, is

fighting the Tagals as they would fight
any other enemy; and color has nothing
to do with the case, Were the Tagala
arsenic white or sea green, the soldiers’

opinion of them would be the same. They
may hate them for their savagery and
treachery, But they are not concerned about
tie enemy's complexion

The three Massachusetts sentimentalists
forget that among the American soldiers
who are liable to contract race prejudice
in “ the war of races" are colored soldiers,
men whose gallantry and sturdy military
alities have won for them the respect
of the whites and who have done more
to establish in the public mind a higher
notion of the colored citizens than all the
essays and speeches of the three Massa-
chusetts sentimentalists

Col. Hrearnson command a
colored regiment, but he must view with
jlored troops engaged in this “ un-
war, Mr. Garrison hates all
wars except those carried on by himself
Mr. Boutwent. has been against his country
stendily incident,
They are not good advisers in patriotism
for anybody, black or white.

a tyecem.* say the Three with a noble

 

used to
AAPM ¢

hallowed "

since the Venezuela

buttermilk

In the following remarks the Three get
above the snowline of the highest mountain
of impudence:

here have been far more outrages on the Ameri

can negro during one term of MCKINLEY than under
two terms of CLEVELAND, On the other hand, the
Southern Democrats are.at least doling the colored
race thia service, that they, aaa rule, oppose the na
tional polley of Imperialism. This may scem anin
consistency, bul 8 in reality very simple The very
fact of thelr unwillingness to give equal polltical
rights to the American negro makes them unwilling
to undertake the government of ten millions more
belonging to the colored race, Thus much, at least,
experience has taught them Thus far, atany rate,
they are on your side

Vote for a Demoeratic Administration
in the hope that the number of Southern
lynehing bees may be reduced, Vote
with the men who have taken away or
propose to take away from you the right to
Vote against your friends and for
the unrelenting opponents of po itical
equality for you. There is the argument,
It will have about as much effect upon the
colored yoters as a lucifer mateh on the
Atlantic Ocean

vote

The Committee and the Bureau.

We are hearing every day from citizens

whose names have been selected for
the great Hall of Fame, but for the great
haul of dames D, RIcHAakDsON

Some of our correspondents are puzzled
by a new letterhead adopted recently by
this intending benefactor. They inquire
whether this “ Bureau of National Litera-
ture and Art (Chartered)" is the same
old Barcusian concern,

Here is a short series, taken almost at
random from the documents in our pos-
session, which will answer the question as
to identity:

“ BUREAU OF NATIONAL LITERATURE AND ART,

“ (CHARTERED)
“ WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept 11, 1000.
“Me. - - - New York City.

“ Dean Stn: | am directed to inform you that your
name has been selected by this Bureau and Mr. Vie
TOR VAN HOREN bas been assigned to call upon
you and state how, on certain conditions, you may
secure the most practical of all Government compila

tions.
“ The opportunity belng limited, isa valuable one,
which Lassume you willappreciate. [am
Yours respectfully,
“G. N. PORTER,
“ Chief Clerk.”

   

not

 

“COMMITTER ON DISTRIBUTION,
“ MESSAGES AND PAPERS OF THE PRESIDENTS.
“WASHINGTON, D. C,, Sept 13, 1900,

° Mr. , Boston

“ DEAR SIR: Lam directed to inform you that your
name has been selected by this Committee and Mr
H. W. HOLBROOK has been assigned to call upon
you and state how, on certain conditions, you may
secure the most practical of all Government compila-
tions.

“ The op
which la

rtunity being limited ts a valuable one,
me you will appreciate, Iam
” Yours respectfully,
“GN. PORTER,
” Clerk.”

“ BURBAU OF NATIONAL LITRRATURE AND ART,
* (CHARTERED)
“ WASHINGTON, D. C,, Sept, 20,1900,
“Mr. . Brookiyn,

“DRAR SIR: Lam directed to inform you that your
name bas been selected by this Bureau and Mr, J, G.
WILSON has been assigned to cal! upon you and state
how, on certain conditions, you may secure the most
practical of all Government compilations,

“ The opportunity being limited is a valuable one,
which I assume you will appreciate. lam

“ Yours respectfully,
“GN. PORTER,
" Chief Clerk.”

 

 

* COMMITTER ON DISTRIBUTION,
“ MESSAGES AND PAPERS OF THE PRESIDENTS,
“ WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept 28, 1000,
“Mr — , Providence
“DRAR SIR: [am directed to Inform you that your
name has been selected by this Committee and Mr,
F. H. BABCOCK has been assigned to call upon you
and state how, on certain conditions, you may secure
the most practical of all Government compilations
“ The opportunity being Ilmited, is a valuable one,
which I assume you will appreciate. Iam
“Yours respectfully,
“G. N. PORTER,
“Clerk.”
The certificates of “selection” seem to
be issued simultaneously and indifferently
by the Bureau and the Committee, It does
not make any difference whether you are
“selected” by the Committee or by the
Bureau. You get the joyful tidings type-
written in the same pleasing phraseology
and signed by the same G. N. Porter,
in the one case as “ Clerk” and in the other
as “ Chief Clerk.”
And the Hon. James D. RicHarRpson,
mortal enemy of monopolies and trusts,
pockets his percentage just the same

Porto Rico.

Sugh senseless nonsense has been written
about the ruin that has been wrought by
“imperialism " in Porto Rico that persons
who know nothing of the conditions in
that island may be justified in wondering
if Americans are really not a lot of ignorant
brutes with an utter incapacity for adminis-
tration or colonization. Sueh are
not only untrue and unpatriotic but they
are harmful to the material interests of
Porto Rico, which for a year has been
working with all earnestness to recover
from the great hurricane which swept
and wrecked it. That it is false that the
island is not developing prosperously with
amazing rapidity under American rule
is self-evident the moment one comes in
touch with Porto Rico or things Porto
Rican, For instanee, let any sceptic

libels

| fuat glance over the appended list of con-

oessions applied for at the meeting of the
Executive Council in San Juan, Sept, 25:

BoRnDA, W., Jr Asks reecgnition of franchise,
grant d vy Royal Order from Madrid, of date Aug,
21, 1804, for ratlroad construction

BASS, WILLIAM L.—Hequests authority to con-
struct industrial railroad from Naguabo to Playa
and rights of way.

Hutcy, BERNARDO ~ Applies for lease of swamp
lands of Laguna de Tiburones,

BORDA, W Applies for lease of swamp lands
of Laguna de Tlourones,

Corsaut, ©. K.--Applies for lease of
lands of Laguna de Tiburones,

McCORMICK, J. C.-—Applles for concession of
waters of certain rivers for purposes of irrigation,

USPHA, VICENTR® and JOs® Apply for con
cession to bulld tramway between Ponce and Playa

MONSANTO, L. M, --Applies for concession to man
ulacture acetylene gas for lighting purposes

GASKILL, CHARLES B. and BLASSIN!, THOMAS -
Request privilere te construct electric railway from
Ponce to Playe

MUNN, CHARLES A, and others—Apply for con
cession tld electric railway in Ponce

FPLORESCIO, SANTIAGO—Applies for conceasion
of water rights in the River Coamo.

Hoag, John‘ Requests franchise to construct
and operate railroad from Ponce to Port of Ponce,

GASKELL, W. J,-—Applies for concession to build
railway from Pence to Bay of Ponce.

fi

swamp

 

 
  

 

} several States have issue !

| are the

THE S

    

MILES, LUCIUS C, and others—Apply for con-
ceasion install and maintain telephone plant in the
island.

RODRIGUBRZ, RAMON-—Applies for concession
to reconstruct Arecibo Utuado telegraph line

WOOLFOLK, T. W. and others
to construct railway between Ponre and San Juan.

MORALS, JOS® M.-—Asks concession for railway | “breeches,” oF

construction

FARRANT, JERVIS ST. V, C,—Deslres concession
for working telegraph lines of Porto Rico,

ANDRECR, PAULINO
of islets in the Laguna de San José

Alife, JESUS MARIA -Askaprivilegeoffunning
ferry across the river between Mayaguez and Afiasco

Griar., ANTONIO. Requests concession of 4
natural fall of water in the Plata River

Keek, Gronce S. and others, Ask considera
tion of their clatm to one half interest in rallway fran
chise grant to VICENTE and JOSR USERA.

LADESNA, FERNANDO -Applies for franchise to
construct electric railways and Wlegraph lines.

Deforp & Co, -Apply for permission to construct
wharvesat Ponce

This does not look much as though things
were at a standstill, Americans and native
Porto Ricans are in the race together and
such energy as is indicated here
progress and wealth for the island
same opportunities were thereunder Spanish
rule, but no one sought to seize them be-

Those

| cause of the corruption and misgovernment

which lay like a blight on the land. Now,
every man, be he native or foreign born,
has a fair, square chance, The natives,
inspired by the example of American vim
and confident of Just treatment, have set
themselves to work to build up their coun-
try by developing its dormant resources
Within a few years the island will be two-

of this awakened energy, encouraged to
persistent application by American ad-
ministration of public affairs.

A Patient Word With an Pxtraordi-
nary Fool,

The Washington Post asks this question;

fthe hauling down
here at home, upon our own
iry and humiliation of our

“What has THE SUN to say
of the flag in Alaska
territory, and to the inft
own people?

We should Ike to hear from this oracle of indom
{table patriotism, *

You shall, The Washington Poat knows
perfectly our sentiments on this subject,
They have been expressed with sufficient
clearness time and again

We regret exceedingly the arrangement
concerning the Alaskan frontier. The
State Department assures the people that
it is only a temporary concession. We
hope so. The officials of the State Depart-
ment say further that the temporary con-
cession involves no permanent surrender
of territory, no abandonment of any Ameri-
ean right. That is quite true. There is
po power in the State Department to sur-
render a square inch of American territory.
Nevertheless, we do not like the shape of the
modus vivendi,

But we fail to see that this is any reason
for voting to haul down the American
flag in the Philippines, or to scale down the
honest American dollar here at home to
forty-seven cents or thereabouts.

The Message Bryan Will Bring.

The campaign has come to such a pass
that if Mr. BRYAN obeys the honest impulse
of his mind and pursues the logical course
of his recent oratory he will bring to New
York no other message than this

“Political campaigns are episodes; defeat

means |

UN,

Ask permission |

Desires lease of concession ,

 

  

SATURDAY,

WENIGMANN the Little Man.” By oonsulting
any etymological dictionary, German or Eneg-
lish, the Rochester purist would bay» found
that Schurz, “apron,” “kilt,” “diaper,” that
with which ADAM and Ever oovered their naked
neas when they awoke to the impropriety of
creation, or as the old translator put ft,
short clothes, ts the old
High German ecura, “short,” which has also
given the modern German kurz, as well as our
English shirt, skirt and short, Weng denotes
“Little.” “small in quantity, so that Wenig-
monn ia but littheof a man; it ia also little in
qual ty, as the expression mene Wenigket,
“my littleness"’ shows; Wenigmann, there-
fore, signifies a man little and «mall in every
reapect, which was clear y the meaning of Tite
SUN.

The Hon, Jor BLackaunn is afire again, and
there is no way of putting him out until after
election, There is this to be said for Jog: He
makes @ beautiful bonfire, and the snap acd
crackle of him are immense.

 

% Register and stend by law andorder. Do not

permit them ‘o bé overthrown by the dangero§s
trickster who caters to the mob

ee
GUATEMALA RAILROADS,

Americans Win--Contract Setured by Which
Guatemala Railroad System From Coast
to Coast Is to Be Under American Control,

CGiUATEMALA, Sept. 21 American enterprise
has received a great stimulus in Central Amer-
ica through the recent consummation of an ar-
rangement by which the completion of the

Guatemala Northern Railroad through toGuate-

/ mala City from Puerto Barrios on the Atlantic
| Coast is now assured
fold richer than ever in its history by reason

| of that

must not discourage us; this is a preliminary |

skirmish; prepare for the great battle of
1004 in behalf of your candidate and what-
ever issue he may then make paramount
Remember that truth is eternal, and 1 am
yet a young man.”

This note has already been sounded by
Mr. Bryan in his Western speeches on more
than one occasion

What a satisfaction it will be to the Hon
RicHakD CROKER and his lieutenants to
learn from the lips of their distinguished
guest that all their herculean efforte and ex-

| sion

pensive paraphernalia of banners and band |

music and kites and skyrocketa and colont-
zation and such, are but tncidents of the
preparation for the great Democratic cam-
paign of 1004!

Four years more of BryaN—as a can- ,

didate?

The auction sale of the faste ttrotter on the
track will be something unique in horas trading
The Abbot, the wearer of that tille by the grace
of his record of 278, ia to Le soldat auctiinin
this city next month, with his owner's ; redic-
tion, not guarantee, that he wi!l trot In two
minutes. The price for which The Abber will ba
sold will be one of the most interesting publio
problems for the next few weeks

The Democratte party fs not opposed to expan
sion, Why. Alaska was acquired under JOHNSON
after he had been w.rried and borne down and
eally inducted Into the Democrat party, The
Hon WILLIAM J. (GUM SHOR, STONE'S speech at
Washingionr

if the Vice-Chairman of the National Demo-
cratic Committee had told a little more truth
about this ca-e he wou'd bave shown that the
Democrati: policy of expansion has been
brought down to the very present day

This same Alaska to whi h he proudly asserts

   
   

Por years the project has been in contempla-
tion, but some obstacle has always hindered its
comr le'ion, and the travelling public pas had to
be content with going by rail from Puerto Bar-
rios to Fl Rancho, a distanes of about one hun-
dred and thirty miles, and riding over the
mountains the remaining <ixty miles to Guate-
mala Citvon mulebac Thneroad was built to
its present point, FE! Rancho, and operated un-
tilrece tly b> contractors for the Government,
and all went fairly wel until about three
months ago when the floods washed most of
the road out, rendering it impossible of further
operation. Ip the midst of these misfortunes
the contractor, Dr. Roberta, an American, died,
and it devolved on the Government to repair
the road and resume operations. ‘This, owing
to its chronic state of impecuniosity, it could
not do, andso turned an attentive ear to the
proposals of an American syndicate, the Central
American Improvernent Company, with which
they have finally come to an agreement, the
contrict, rougbly speaking, belng aboui as
flows

The Central American Improvement Company
ia to take possession of, repair and op:rite the
present road for ten years, and coimple’e it
through to Guatemala City within (hirt -three
months, inretur for which the Government is
to pay it $1,0.0000 gold witoin ten years, the
payment belng secured by 6 per cent. bonds de-
pos ted in some institution named by the Cen-
tral American Liaprovement Company; let the
Er ny make whatitcan eut of ronning the
road for ten year-, and lend it about £0,000 acres
of rich land to exploit forten years, At the end
period the Government isto take the
whole completed road, provided it has paid the
$4,000,000 with interest. But, in case the Govern-
ment wants tosell, then the company has first
eption. There are other minor e nditions for
both sides, and provision is made in: ase either
side default*, but the above are substuntigby
the terms of ths agre ment Asan America)
syndicate alreacy owns and operates the read
from Goatema a City to the Pactie Corst, it will
be seen that within three vears ther* will be
through rulroad communication under Ameri-
can con'r | from const to coast

This isagreat triumph for American enter-
prise an nergy, and ro little agjth: credit is
due to our Min ster, Dr. W.Go fres’Hunter.who
used his frie dly oflees t) see that an American
eoneern got the contract, ngainat the strenuous
efforts made bv certal: ‘oreien syndicates,
which were using every endeavor tosecure the
c eaion

Americans here are greatly pleased, and point
to thi. as merely one instance of the general
poley of the present Administration of pushing
American influence and promoting the expan-
of American commercial interes's in for-
e gb countries.

 

 

 

The Autoblography of St. Ignatius.

To THE EptToR oF THR Sun—Sér: I crave
Father ©'Conor’s pardon fora delay which was un
avoldab'e owing to my being out of town on Tuesday
last. Tapologize furtherfor having unintentionally
produced the impression that I tmagine myself at
scholar. lamnone. I trust ] may not be fudged very
sternly on this aceount if I never goany further than
to write an Inquiring letter toa newspaper. Itmight
be otherwise |f I wrote a book s

Being no seholar, I find little diMeulty in admi‘ting
that 1 have not egen seen the Spanish teat of the book
in question HAs Father O'Conor read {t himself?)
Tam therfore ready to plead guilty to the charge of
having written my first letter without having “eon
sclentiousls collated these various texts with the
Spanish original.”” (Has he done so himself?) Let
me now declare what were the grounds for my state
ment

First—¢

 

‘omparison of Father O'Conor's book with

| who hold offless in thts city and county.

| twelve of

nother translation, edited by two very di-iingulshed |

Englich Jesults, showed thatone of the two editions
‘takes @reat iiberties with the original text"

Second—-A magazine, generally recognlzed to be the
yrean of Father ©'Conor's order, said ‘‘of the two
translations we think Father O'Conor's less
faithful to the ‘ntecrity of the original. © °* * We!
noted, too, thatthe author judictously omitted here
andthere some ineldent casily detachable and not

particularly ed!’yting."

Third Another magarine,in high standing among
the Catholics, the Are Maria, said ‘In Father
O' Conor's version the work of editing has conststed
in the omission of certain genuine passages and the

| insertion of other brief ones which are commonly

the United States sovereignty was extended by |

the Democracy, {4 now being
under a jaw that is precisely on oll fours with
the law governing Porto Rio. It was passed
}vet June, within two months of the passage of
the Porto R.co tariff, and not a single Demo
erat whissered a Word about “ yunconstitu-
tionality,” “imperialism "or “ plain duty.”

The regular Bryan campagn against “ime
periali im" is pure sham

Col. BRYAN'S latest paramount issue aeems to

 

bo: Resolved, That everybody exe pt pluto-
erats should hav: a vacation in re summer
re-ort, Alas! not evervb dy can have Col,
Mosk WETMORE 8 @ pa ron

A bie word of praise should be spoken for the
magnificent work that |s being done in behalf
of the naton's financial honor by the Sound
Money leacues in Various parts of the country

The officers and leading men in these leagues
are Democrats, almost without exce ion, and
they are mean who hold to private and business
integrity and the principlesof sturdy American-
ism, Waving t> t o-e who have stolen the
ancient banner of their party the new doctrine
of dishonor

the acdress to the Gold D. mecrats of
country, as formally put out by the officers of
th: association ot their headquarters in Indian-
apolia, has undoubtedly won many votes for the
cause of sound money Following this proc\a-
mation of the genertl body, the leagues in the
similar acdresses;
ard while would be invicious tu praise one
local organization more than another, we are
bound to say that the work cf the Honest
Money Demoernte Lesgue of Maryland
des rves espec al mention. Pr bably no organ-
ization in the country is making greater efforts
atilarg@er personal or pecuniary soer fice than
Gold Devocrats of Maryland
are cireula‘ing » ound mo ey jiterature by the
ton and are ho.ding meetings at every cross-
roads and corner, They insert aa advertise.
ments on the first pages of the ehief Bryan
newspapers long arte'es controverting the
editorials of the newspapers themselves They
are making a flight that is both hot and ncbie

the

  
 

\ thoughtless though self-confident person,
content with the first definition he finds in th»
dictionary, calls on the Rochester Hera'd tu

Sun" in -peaking of “Scrunz the Short and

TRAIT Ee een» mene D cenetnemnmemeataeet

dministered |

supposed to be Innocent tnterpolations.”” And this
comment ta followed by an tistance of a flat contra-
diction between the two versions.

Fourth The passeges omitted In Father O'Conor’s
editton were of a character to arouse suspicion
the strength of this suspicton I gave a guess, which
Father ©'Conor now admits to have been a pretty
g odone, for my guess was that ‘to use Lisown

On

words) “certain (ncidenta were purposely omitted," aod |

that (not to use his own words now) he forgot to tell
this to the reader

These were my reasons. It seems that, without be-
ing a scholar, | have helped to unvell a bitof history,
for Father O'Conors firs! admission of tampering
with what he bell ved to be the orlginal text has been
made in answer to my ‘false and dishonest misrepre
sentations,”

He says “any sane mind would approve" of his al
terations The Ave Moria does not approve; Father
Thurston does not: Father Tyrrel! does not; E. M
Rix does not, and, | blush to say It, being no scholar,
but I do not m self As to the publle, they will
Judge for themselves CHARLES J. WHITE

New YORK, Oct 10.

 

Sliver Coinage, Limited and Unttmited,
To THE Epirorn oF SUN The tn-
closed clipping from to day's SUN ts an extract from
the speech made by Benjamin Harrison at Carnegie
Hall, Aug. 27, 1896,
Is ft a fact, as Mr. Harrison says. that the President

TH Str

 

| of the United States has the power to put the country |

They |

| sour! and Tennessee

on a silver basis without th: passage of any free sil
ver measure? PD, H.
New YorRK, Oct, 11,

Gen Harrson was wrong Simply paying
out silver dollars would not put us on a “silver
basis.’ for the reason that silver dollars are
limited in number and the) or: active use of
those we have could not serio vsiv disturb the
gold etan card

Ther: is the gravest objection, however, toa
President who would adopt thitcourse. It would
be asgn that the free, or un'imited, coinage of
silver, which woult abclish the gold standard,
woes contemplated: and if the President was
Bryan there could be no doubt of hie intention
The entire businesa world would be panilo-
s'ricken,

Know Nothings tn the Democrecy.

To THE Eprror or THe SUN~Sir: In THe
SUN of Oct S$ you have an interview with Mr, Crim
mins, who says the Democratic party welcomed the
Intsh, Duteh, Germans and others to this country;
also that the Know Nothings and the American party
Joined the Republican party. He doesn't know what
he is talking about The American party and the
Know Nothing: flourished mostly in Kentucky, Mis
The Diack burns, Haldemane,

Cantrils—in fect the most prominent Demoerats in

| the South to-day were the organizers and leaders of
“note the bad blunder of the phi ologist of Tue |

the Know Nothing mobin 1855,
LOUISVILLE. Ky , Cet. 0

SAM JONES,

| happiness to our peo le

 

“NEGRO DOMINATION” RIDICUL
BY A GEORGIAN,

Views of the Filstorian of the Atlanta Camp
of Confederate Veterans.

To Tae Eprron or Tne Sun—Sir; As an in-
dependent voter and citizen of Georg'a, and as
a voluntary and earnest supporter of President
McKinley, I beg leave to present a few sugges
tions apropos of and pertinent to the recent
letter of Col, A. R. Lawton of Savannah and
your editorial on the matter of Georgians and
Southern men voting for President McKinley

There seeins to be a good deal of unnecessary
comment of the “buncombe” atyle on the
letter of Col. Lawton and his declaration of in-
tention to vote for President McKinley. There
wasnonolse a’ outit four years ago, If Col
Lawton supported Major McKinley in 1896, it
was no more than thousands of other good men
did. There are many othera who have been
goln@ on quietly about their regulir vocations
in business, without blowing any horns, In At-
linta, in 1806, there wero about 2,700 votes cust
for Major McKinley by business men, profes-
alonal men, laboring men, who were prompted
asmuch and as fully by patriotic motives as
any who voted adversely.

The average politicians, and many of them
who are belowa fair aversge of intelligence
and integrity, take the negro as 4 hobby in the
hope and expectation of attracting attention to
themaclves, when they have neither the ability
nor the intelligence to discuss fairly any other
phase of a political or e@onomic subject. This
condition is not limited to the lines of any par-
ticular po'ltical party, but every puerile pessi-
mist takes the hue and cry of ‘the nigwer"’ as
the only peculiar and appropriate object and
subject for political discussion. It is generally
understood thit a polit.cian is expected to take

his position, or the affirmative in the question
agains! newro domination in politics, This is
the position in theory, however much it may be
modified or annulled in practice,

The negro himself takes spec al pride and de-
light in thus being made the special topic of all
political discussion. It makes him distinctive
and kcepa him up above the lower levels of life
where he ordinarily abides in his own native In-
significance. Notonly does the negro tuke de-
light in his own pecuilar position, but hemakes
it his purpose to keep himself in the way, 80 a8
to give the impressionthat heisa great power
in polities, and thus oblige or force the politi-
clans to yield,to his claim that he is entitled to
special political privileges. The situation in the
South isone of peculiar interest at thie time,
The negro hasa voting power. There is some
discu-sion about the matter of disfranchise-
ment of the negrous a voter. The people of
Georgia, through their Representatives in the
Legislature, declined last vear to passa bill
which was introduced to make an amendment
to the State Constitution to disfranchise the
negro voter. Only three voted in favor of the
billin the two branches of the Legislature,
Senate and House, composed of 219 members
The average Democratic editor and politician
here does not really desire thatthe negroshould
be disfranchised. He only practises on him for
editorial writing and political scheming for of-
flee, gulllng the white voters with platitudes
about white supremacy and against negro dom-
ination,

lam not an advocate of the negro in politics
myself, but I am not disposed to ignore the
political tricks and insincerity of our common
run of political shysters who get office and hold
office on negro suffrage, while they pretend to
denounce the President for making the appotnt-
ments of negroes toa few offices. These same
political managers hold what they ‘erm “white
primaries’’ for nominating candidates for local
offices, from which they bar and exclude the
negroes from voting, but when they secure
nominations for themselves they play a fine
gameof “hide and seek" with the negro element
of voters to obtain their votes for election, But
the: do not go under cover when they berate
the President for appointing negroes to office.

lagree with the main idea of disapproval of
making such appointmen's, Bearin mind, lam
not favoring them. I wish the President could
have seen his way clearly not to have made

such appointments so obnoxious to our
people But let us see the facts, and
we shall find that perhaps the President

acted in these matters to‘carry out the reoom-
mendations of some of our local Democratio
politicians It 1s truly asserted that the Presi-
dent appointed a negro barber to a responsible
Federal office here in Atlan'a. Now com-
plaint come: from white men about this impor-
tant appointment, but those who utter it do not
tell vou that this same negro barber was ap-
pointed by the President upon the special in-
dorsement of a large number of our white Dem-
ocratic officeholiers who cater tothe negro's
influence for negro votes inanelection. Henry
A. Rucker is the negro barber who was ap-
pointed as Collector of Revenue for the State of
Georgia. He was indorsed by white Democrats
I send
you a list of them, twenty-two in number,
whom, al, with one exception, rich
ind prominent men, are now holding important
offices. A local cantidate gave the list in a
eirealar deseribing them as the “white men
who straddled Atlanta with a nigger Collector
of Customs,” but he was beaten by an opponent
who had signed th» indorsement! What is the
use or good sense of censuring and abusing the
President for making an appointinent which was
recommended by our own local Democratic
officeholders and politic.ans?

Let me give you another important illustra-
tion in the development of political devilment
about this “nigger business.’ The Governorof
Georgia was nominated as a candidate by a
Democratic convention, After bis nomination
he wrote toa negro politician in this city ure-
{ing him to organize a negro club of voting
negroes to vote for the Democratic nominee
The club wos organized, composed of over one
thousand negroes “to vote for Candler," and
they voted. Result: The negro politician, Sam
Steele, holds an important office to-day as the
Governor's special messenger and offlee clerk,
Another instances came up abou! a year ago,
when the Governor was cilledup:n by a com-
mittee of Confederate veterans and was asked
to appoint a one- egged veterin toa place in
the State Lobrary, and the Governor very
promptly and emphatically answered that he
would not appoint a Confederate ve eran to
such a place, for such service, bul thathe would
ap) vinta negro andso hedid. He said he re-
garded such a place a. library jan.ter beneath
the dignity of aveteran. Soa negro holds a
piace ata salary of $50a month, while a voor
one-legwed Confederate bas to seuffle about
for a -ca it iiving
Let meecte another glowing f{llustration of
this offensive “nigger business.” Take the
Allanta (Conatilution, the | aper whose trenchant
editoridl about Col. Lawton and Tue > and
the negro vote apneurs in Sunday'a number to

eso onthusiastic tor the i sue of Democratic
polices. | Lhe paper pretends to favor the reie-
gation of the negro to the rear; vet it has a
reguiar departme nef rnegro news, for negro
social, religous and oo notes on “what
the Negro ls Doing. in every. Sundoy’'s j-sue,
eonducted oy a negro who edits that d part.
nent regularly

| merely present these outlines of facts to
show vou that ‘her-is an undercurrent of more
im! ortance than may beapparent to you ata
distance, if you do not knowt e circumstances,
eonditions, and true facts with regard to Domo-
eratic potities in the South. You need feel nr
uneasiness for the future as to the judependent

 

  

 

 
 

action of the truly independent men of the
South They will take eire of the true cause
and interests of the South by etting the ne sco

lone and ignoril: # the demagogues who would
drive them by the Demvoerstic party lish to
standin in’, While these lashers and w ipper-
snappers hold o| tothe good official pl es by

thelr du licity on tha subject of negro voters
and negro officeholders. Lhe truly indepen-
dent nen wills-e to it bereal er that such men
shall not Wns ee on the Pre nt and ‘hen
abuse him sore @ ing to vote fer and elect
and then hurrah for President William MeKin-
ley We -hall stand by the South for Sou h ro
interests, for Southern pr gress, for Southern
business in every lineof industrial cevelopment,
for protection, tor expansion, for commercial
enterprise, for the flag wherever it inay wave,
for American manhood and patri tism, for the
love of home, and forthe hovor and love of our
women, and for the proper rearing of our chfl-
dren, and for the promo jon of @ od govern-
ment li every way that may bring comfort and
Alithia we will doon

    

| fair ways and due order, without fear of any

buebear of negro domination. There is no

more danger of having negro supremacy by

voting for President McKinley than there i* in

cing along with these political tricketers

and voting for Bryan. Hurrah for McKinley

and Roosevelt! Roseat L. Roporas.
AT@ANTA, Gia., Oot

   

|

1900.

 

POLITICAL CALENDAR,

Election Day, Tuesday, Novy. 6. Polls open
6A. M.; polle close 6 P. M.

Remaining registration days in cities of the
firat clans of the State of New York (New York,
Brooklyn and Buffalo):

Saturday, Oct, 18,7 A. M. to 10 P. M.

Friday, Oct. 40,74. M.to10P. M

Saturday, Oct, 20,7A. M.to10P.M

Registration days in cities and villages of
6,000 or more inhabitants, elsewhere than In
cities of the first class, are held on the same
days as in those cities, from 6 A. M. to@ P, M.

The remaining registration days In election
districts other than in cities or villages of 5,000
inhabitants are:

Saturday, Oct. 19, from 9 A.M. to® P, isi.

Saturday, Oct 20, from9 A.M, woP M.

 

NEVER PROMISED INDEPENDENCE.

Admiral Dewey Brands «a Filiptno'’s Reported
Interview With Him as False.

WasrinoTon, Oct. 12.—Rounsville Wildman,
Consul-General of the United States at Hong
Kong, has written to the Department of State
denying the statement of J Alejandrine, a
Filipino, who in a letter to Senators Hoar and
Pettigrew told of an interview with Admiral
Dewey, in which Dewey promised the Fili-
pinos Independence, placed at their disposal
his fleet “for the conveyance of both Filipino
leaders and the arms,” held out the hope that

 

 

 

| States Court or Juc

| General of the Department.”

the United States would supply them with |

further arms and assured them that the United
States would not take one inch of the Philip-
pine Islands. Mr. Wildman says

‘As | am personally acquainted with the
writer (J. Alejandrino), and am familiar with
all his movements while he was in Hong Kong,
and conducted whatever negotiations there
were between himself and Dewey, I think it
m® duty to place on record a true statement
of the affair

“In the first place, I beg to say that Adiniral
Dewey never saw Alejandrino, or ever had one
word of conversation with him, Just before
Admiral Dewey's squadron was leaving for
Mirs Bay, F. Agoncillo and T. Sandico, repre-

senting the Philippine Junta !n Hong Kong,
asked perinission to have an interview with
Admiral Dewey before he left for Manila. The
srofessed object of this interview was to obtaln
his permission to reopen the rebellion against
Spain, and to codperate with our uaval forces
in case the United States determined to take
the Islands from Spain. I saw the Admiral
rsonally regarding their request and he said
might bring out to Mirs Bay any three of the
unta who cared to come, On April 27 I took
to Mirs Bay in the tugboat Fame, Sandlco,
Garchitorena and Alejandrino.

‘After a council of oificersin Admiral Dewey's
room, at which among other things the feasi-
bility of permitting the three Filipinos to
go tw Manila was discussed, the Admiral re-
quested his Chief of Staff, his Flag Lieutenant
and myself to interview the Filipinos and
report to: him. As I said before, Admiral
Dewey did not see any of the three men. the
conversation was carried on in English between
Sandico and ourselves and very (little of it waa
translated for the benefit of the other two

ilipinos. When we told them that Admiral

Jewey was inclined to permit the three to go

to Manila on the colller Nanshan if they could
give any good reason for so doing, they informed
us tha they did not wish to go to Manila until
the American squadron had first dispored
of the Spanish s juadron. I told them that
Hong Kong was the best place for them and,
Capt. Cogalan, wno came into. the room
made so much fun of them that at last
one of the bold warriors, J. Alejandrino, a
young fellow who hud never smelled powder,
decided to accompany tbe sguadron if on
Coghlan’s guarantee he would be supplied
with a new suit of underclothes, Garchitorena
declined to accompany his colleague on the
excuse that his wife was ill. Sandico said he
had no idea of qaing as he was a diplomat and
not a soldier. brought them both back with
me in the Fame the same alternoon,and Alejan-
drino was taken to the collier Nanshan,

“after the battle of Manila Bay Admiral
Dewey gave Alejandrino permission to land at
Cavité and join his friends. He, however, de-
clined to do so unleas the Admiral furnished
him with a marine guard. He remained on
the Nanshan until it waa convenient for the
Admiral to return him to Hong Kong, which
occurred within a fortnleht Alelandrino
returned d edited by hist own associates,
who openly charged him with cowardice, The
letter under review proves him also to be a
Nar

This despatch from Mr Wildman was re-
ferred to the Navy Department for the inform-
ationof Admiral Dewey, who comments thereon
as followa

“Attention ts invited to the following extract
from page 172, Report of the Phillppine Com-
mission, volume | No alliance of any kind
was entered into with Aguinaldo, nor was any
promise of independence made to him then or
atany othertime’ Thesame is true of Alejan-
drine, who, to the best of my knowledge, I have
never seen, and of all other Filipinos "”

INDIANS QUIET AND PEACEABLE,

  

Gen, Merriam Reports That They Are Making
Progress to Civilization.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-Gen. Merriam, tn
his annual report to the War Departmant, com-
mends the behavior of the Indian tribes in the
Department of the Missouri uuder his com-
mand. He says

“lam glad to note that all Indian tribes re-
siding within this department or contiguous
to it have continued to be quiet and peaceable
during the past year, as during the previous
year, so that no calls have for
troops in connection therewith. From all re-
ports received it is also noted that progress

ia being made by all of the tribes In the airee-
tion of civilization. It ts especially gratifying
to report the quiet behay nd grogress in
agriculture and stock ratsir by the Apache
prisoners of war, now located at Fort Sill, oO

Of all the tribes encountered the Apaches
have been regarded as the least promising
In fact, twenty years ago no one wouldhive

 

been mide

   

 

ventured to predict the advancement these
Indians have now actually made These In-
dian prisoners, by their good behavior, have

earned the good will and des -rve liberal treat-
ment and assistance at the hands of the Goy-
ernment,

The report of Capt. Farrand Sayre, the oM-

cer in charge of the Anache prisoners of wur,
shows a frightiu. mortaiity among them. On
June 30, 1900, the prisoners numbered 200
The nunber of deaths duting the year was
twenty-tw:, and the number of births seven
Capt. Sayre savs that they contracted tuber-
eulosis during the first years of their imy ris-

onment and they are subject to consumption

of the Iungs and tubercular lupus. They also

suffer from malarial tever more than the white

people and Indians of other tribes who live in

this country

We Fachange Compliments With Oar French
Visitors,

Capt, Juhel of the French vruiser ©. cil'e, llag-
thip of the French squadr nin North and
So th Amercan waters, paid a formal visit to
Rear Admiral Barker a! the navy vardin Brook-
lyn yesterdiy. Hews escorted t rough the yard

by Commander C.iffor! H. West. Allth>
selsinthe yard were visited. Cant. J
pressed grea pleasure wiih lls

Ves-
lex.

     

 

mirai Farquhar, commanding the Nort’ At-
Jantic squ dron, end Rear Ad wiral Barg-r,
comman tie the na rt, vo itd Admiral
Richard on he Freneh erotser off Tiwrive ourth
street, North Kiver, yesterday,
Tut It on the Banners,
To THR Fpiron oF THR SUN—Sir) Papers tn-

terested In the welfare of this country and ihe gen
eral prosperity of Its people Should be actlye in d's
play lines and street tanners, empbasgiug the fact
that imperialism cannot find or tare soctin Amer

 

ean
soll or Ame'ican hearts, ard is ot'y used by the stl
verites as a cloak t) cover (helr cheap money and cap

ture timid voters

The man who votes for Brvan invites distress to hile

home, and should he te ey ed foree
is \

distress u

  

 

his home In taue Bry 4 Kinley’. elect
would paralyze businessan! ruinthe court y Peery
one khoy tis Saying did Lprove t nui al
thinking people know it will prove true If Pryon ts
elected 1), 4k COOK

NeW LORK, Oct, 11

To let
To THR Epirorn or THe SUN-Sir lhe

Eenlus who Is working the Hiryan Stereopticon on
upper Broadway is using the blank wall of the tall
bullding at the southwest corner of Broadway and

Twenty cighith street asa bics@round for hismo ttoes.
He probably does not Know that high upon this wall,
in lar@e black letters are the wo dx STO LHI Last
night he displayed a@ large bustof ryan in sucha
manner that the words OLET’ exme lent across
Hryan'smouth The effect was very funny andit
Struck me as b ing prophetic of Nov, 6, ,
New YORK CITY, Oct 1}. JA D

Southera Men Hoping for MoKinley's lection,
From the Baltimore Manufacurers’ Record.

There are scores and hundreds of the best business
men in the Southern country—men whose loyalty and

      
  

 

WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS,

Army Officers Will Not Obey Them Unless Is-
sued by a United States Court,

Waautnoton, Oct, 12—The War Depart-
ment has issued the following amended regu-
lation regarding the recognition of writs of

habeas corpus:

"Bhould a writ of habeas corpus ieeued by
a State Court or Judge be served upon an army
officer, commanding him to produce an en-
Hated man or general prisoner and show cause
for his detention, the officer will decline to
produce in court the body of the prisoner
named in the writ, but will make respectful
return in writing to the effect that the man
is a duly enlisted soldier of the United States
or American prisoner under sentence of court
martial, as the case may be, and that the
Supreme Court of the United States has de-
cided that a Magistrate or court of a State
has no jurisdiction in such @ case :

“A writ of habeas corpus issued by a United
e will be promptly obeyed.
The person allege to be Illegally restrained
f his liberty will be taken before the court
rom which the writ has issued and a re-
turn made setting forth the reasons for his
restraint, The offleer upon whom such a weit
is served will at once report by telegraph the
fact of such service direct to the Adjutant-
General of the Army and to the commanding

The general order in referring to offences com-
mitted by minors who have en isted inthe army

;:

*Tnder the custom of the service the parents
or guardian of a minor who enlist without
their consent can obtain his discharge upon
application to the Secretary of War, prior to
the commission of a military offence; but when
the minor has committed a military offence

| the interests of the publio in the administra
| don of justice are paramount to the right o
} the parent, and requires that the soldier sh

abide the consequences of his offence before
the right to his discharge be passed upon.
The soldier should not be allowed to esca
punishment for his offence, even though his
parents assert their right to his services, A
minor in civil life is liable to punishment for
a crime or misdemeanor, even though his
confinement may interfere with the rights of
his parents,”

TO UNITE CIRCULATING LIBRARIES,

 

A Majority of Their Representatives Favors
Plan of Consoltdation,

Representatives of the free circulating I+

| brarles throughout the city went before the

Poard of Estimate and Apportionment yee

| terday to define their financial needs for 1901.
| Comptroller Coler took occasion to ask if they

veslt. Reir Ade |

considered a consolidation or confederation
of all the libraries in the different boroughs
practicable The majority favored oonsoli-
dation. Flushing Library, which ts 40 years
old, does not want to loose its individuality.
The other objecting institutions were the Hol-
lis and Queens Village libraries in Queens bor-
ough.

Last June the Comptroller asked the Board
of Trustees of the New York Public Library
to investigate the plants, financial resources
and general work of the free circulating Ik
brarios. The investigation was stated to
separate from the larger question of oo i.
dation, the primary need tor the information
being to help the Hoard of Estimate In consid-
ering library estimates. Yesterday Director
Billings of the New York Free Library, in a
statement complled at the direction of the
Board of Trustees, furnished a table of infor-
mation as the Comptroller desired. In addl-
tion he stated that in Manhattan and The Bronx
there are fourteen corporations or institutions
receiving aid from the elty amounting to $161,360
for 1900, and these corporations maintain twen-
ty-seven distributing centres, besides some
auxillary centres. and travelling libraries.
The circulating of 3,000,000 volumes during
the year will cost less than six cents 4 volume

too low an average, because It Indicates
either the purchase of an undue proportion of
small cheap books or the parece of inade-
quate salaries to attendants. A proper cost
is stated to be seven cents,

The board favored an allowance of six ed
one-half cents a volume for next year. he
library for the blind will probably get 10 cents
a volume, the limt allowed by law.

OUR FASTEST BATTLESHIP.

The Wisconsin in Her Official Trial Breaks the
Record, Making 17.1 Kuots.

WASHINGTON, Oct, 12.—Telegramas received
at the Navy Department last night and this
morning in regard to the official trial yesterday
of the battleship Wisconsin off the California
coast indicate that this magnificent armor-
clad has exceeded the record of any battleship

in the United States Navy, unless the tidal cor-
| rections materially reduce her speed. Tho Wis-
consin completed her trial trip at Santa Bar-
bara yesterday, and on her arrival there the

president of the Union Tron Works, builders
of the vessel, sent the following telegrani to
the Seeretary of the Navy

“Lhe Wisco sin presenta her record: 19.84
knots maximu.n for 82 knots, 17.0 (an hour;
average ¢ trial, 17.25, subject. to
rections hiteh. A splendid battle-
shin.”

The following was received from Tear Ad-

 
  

core

us
Not a

miral Kautz, commanding the Pacific Naval
station
Wisconsin completed satisfactory official

 

trial, making 17.1 knots, subject to tidal correo.
tions.”

Constructor Snow of thea navy, who har supe™-
| vised the building of the Wisconsin, alo re
| ported that her official speed, subject to cor-
| Tection, wis i714

The Iowa has heretofore held the sneed
| record for battleships, having made an aver iuwe
apeed of 17087 knots. The Alnhbama, the Wie
eonsin's sister ship, made an average speed
on her recent offfeial trial of 17.013 knota an
hour Other battleships made the following
records on their official trials: The Indiana,
15.447 knots: the Massachusetts, 16.21 Knots,
and the Kearsarge, 16.516 knote

Very little speed correction is required for
the course over wiich the Wisconsin ran The
erniser Olympia was tried over the same course
and the official corrections for tide gave her an

 

 

The Changed New England Sanday,
From the ( hristian Intelligencer,
| Ifthe Surdiy people of a generatlon ago should
come back to earth and vistt New Eogland on a Sur
day they would mourningy ask, ‘Where has Su.dayg
gone? Th day was th n covered with services and
that in the afternoon might be more largely attends 1
thin the morning. In some communities th: hard
working people did not seem to wake up much earlier
than dinner time, andthe evening congregation would
be the lareest ofthe day Now there are fewafternoon
while in the evening the mintster preaches
sings to many emoty scats. People
»ehurch once Then. they expect
| achange Sunday, the seison of worship, Is left be
| hind There a kind of modified God day
timely for making calls or receiving calls, and for
riding least Sunday evening [I heard a clergyman
givyethanks for “the holy peace and ciim"' of the
day. The word. so given werestartling, for I reealled
a thoroughfare in whic hf saw and heard a prolonged
passage of eaultant life. That mintster lived ope

 

services
and the enol
\ ore willing togot

arrives

back strect
} Clerical Siammirg in Stoux City,
From the Des Mines Leader
Stover crry Oct &-In a meeting of the Slows

City Ministerial Association it developed to-day that @
number of prominent preach rs of the ety went slum-
ming during carnival week to learn about the wicked,
ness that prevelied atthattme. They viewed all the
Midway and toured the houses of tilfame, One of
tie prosebers, the Rev, N. Nelson, made the rounds
at 2 o'eloe Sunday morning, and he declared that
fnentmenof family indulging In things
that were too awful to speak about A crusade
acatnst view Is ‘naugurated with the assistance
of some prominen} evangeltata

he «aw pro

to be

 

Vermont and the World's Financtal Markets,

From the London Truth
‘The State election In Vermont, to which I referred

tn last week's issue as IlKely to be looked upon asin

1 diet

devotion to the South cannot be quesitoned—who are |

not Willing to see the administration of this country
turned over to the Populistic politicians headed by Mr
Bryan, We believe bere in the South that the re@lection
of Mr. McKinley will aasure to us for four years more
the same unexampied prosperity we have emjoyed for
three years last past WILLIAM M. BIRD.

 

| Ism."* Tu

me th nirae of
proved more favora'ye
liad been ante! pated

Price

the Presidential campaign
') the Republican party than
amafority of some 30,090 belrg
of Yankee rails thereupon braced

secured

uvalbround

 

Physiea! DOlerbtllty of Quven Victoria,
From th Londo Truth
Itisnow a matter of physical impossibility for the
Queen toopen Paritamert and her Majesty has rot
been seen in the House of Lords since February
1586, The ceremony involves muc) walhiug, anda
atsircase has to De aseonded.

Irish-Repablicans Not Deto ted,

From the Kansts City Jou i

The Irish Republicans of Kansas City
whole State of Missourt will stand by ti
party, notwithstanding the seareer.. o

MANS

ard ‘Re
HMewmbioar
m erhad
DU BLAN.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 6,

 

If It Was « Horse Race.

Tf it was @ horse race instead of an election, thee@ds
@n McKinley would be atout 10 to 1. «

+_——_—____—_—_—__—_

t