ee

|
|

ER

   
       
 

WAR, NOT YET DECLARED.

GOVERNMENT DOESN'T BELIEVE RE-
PORTS ABOUT OTHER POWERS,

 

 

Formal War Not a Proceeding to Ke Entered
Upon Secretly Special Interests of Russta
and Great Britain-Kamors About a Pro-
posed Division of Chinese Territory.

Wasnrnoton, Aug. 26.—In the absence ot
advices on the subject the Government de-
clines to acoept or even to regard seriously
the Chefoo rumor that Russia, Germany and
Japan have declared war on China and have
invited the United States and Creat Britain
to retire from Chinese territory. At the Jap
anese legation the report is characterized
as ridiculous. Tho report that the Russian
commander at Pekin had declared that hia
country was at war with China came from auch
responsible sources that the Government was
concerned, but the measures taken to ascertain
whether such a declaration was actually made
will not in any way give the Russian authori-
ties caugp for thinking that the United States
have questioned their good faith in carry-
ing out the objects to which the Powers have
committed themselves.

A high officer of the Government, whore
official experience makes him an authority in
the matter, talked to-day with the BUN fe-
porter about the reports that certain Powers
were at war with China. “A declaration of
war,” said he, “is 4 serious, solemn thing. A
nation cannot ' ake a declaration of war twa
limited audience, It mhst make it to the world
go that every other nation may be prepared
to observe the attitude which it desires to ob-
getve in the hostilities. There has been agreat
deal in the press about some nations having
made a constructive declaration of war against
China. There can be no such thing as @ con-
structive declaration of war The two terms
are contradictory, What Is probably meant
to be conveyed by the writers who talk about
constructive declarations is that governments
may be at_war before any formal announce-
ment of the fact {s made. Wars have been
fought through without @ declaration of hos-
tHities.

“No country has declared war against China,
If tt had the United States would have been
{informed promptly. In the absence of any
notice to that effect we must disregard any
reports that any of the Powers recognize that
a state of war exists between iter!f and China.
This Government has no reason to believe
that any other Government is not adhering to
the principles laid down by Secretary Hay tc
his note of July 8 and indorsed by all the Powers,

"You cannot make war against part of a coun-
try, If any nation recognizes that a state of
war exists between iteelf and China it must
regard itself as at war with the whole of China
and not the comparatively small part of the
Chinese people in the Province of Chill, where
all the nations have co-6perated for a common
purpose.”

The Government regards the attitude of all
the nations co-Sperating in North China as
{dentical so far as it relates to that part of the
Chinese Empire. It cannot see what «round
any nation has for going to war on account
of the occurrences in the Province of Chil,
because international co-dperation is attaining
the objects which the Powers set out to acoom-
plish. It is recognized, however, that Russia
and Great Britain occupy @ position somewhat
different from those of the other Powers on
acoount of the invasion of the Amur territory
by Chinese and the interest which (ireat Britain
bas in the Yangtse valley. These things, it
is conceded, give Great Britain and Russia

wider interest in Chinese affairs than other
nations have.

The Government, however, is unable to
understand why Russia seized Newchwang.
It may be, according to what officials
say, that Russia has taken this action
as ameans to help her in restoring order in the
Amur country. But as no definite information
on the subject has been received the officials
are in the dark as to Russta'’s purpose. No
definite understanding has been obtained by
the Government of Great Britain's reasons
for landing troops at Shanghai, Whether the
British Government intends to make a prac-
tioa] demonstration of its control of the Yang-
tae, region or merely to protect the interests
of its subjects at Shanghai is not known here,

It ls recognized by the Washington author!-
ties that Germany has oause to declare war
on China on account of the murder of Baron
von Kettaler, But this Government believes
that Germany wi!!! not make the murder of her
Minister a pretext for going to war, The Ger-
man Government has declared its adherence
to the objects to be accomplished in China set
forth in Mr. Hay’s note of duly 8 When Ger-
many suggested to the Powers the designation
of Count von Waldersee as commander- in-chief
of the allied forces in China it was stated spe-
cifoally that the operations to be conducted
under the leadership of the distinguished sol-
dier were to be confined to the Province of
Chili

There are reports in circulation which THs
Bun reporter has been unable to have con-
firmed by any high official authority that a
suggestion has been made by some of the
Powers to this Government that there be a
division of Chinese territory in which the
United States shall participate. Russia, Ger-
many and Great Britain are mentioned in con-
nection with these alleged overtures, Officials
decline to discuss the probable outcome of
the troubles in China, and while declining to
admit that any proposals for permanent set-
tlement have been received, indicate that it
fa too early to consider such suggestions, In
the oper-door negotiatfons an attempt was
made to induce this country to acquire a sphere
of influence in China, but the United States
refused to entertain such a project.

IN AND AROUND SHANGHAI,

The Rowdy EKiement Mmoreasing and Soldiers
Hostile—Meking Boxer Regalia.

The Rev. Dr. John Fox, Secretary of the
American Bible Society, has received a letter
from the Rev. John R. Hykes at Shanghai,
esying that the work of the society in China
fg practically suspended. In regard to the
hestility tn the country around Shanghai
Mr, Hykes wrote as follows:

"The wiee precaution of the Consuls in call-
ing in their nationals from the interior and
advising them, so far as possible, to seek refuge
in Japan was taken none too early. The
rowdy element has been rapidly increasing
at the ports and the soldiers who have been
brought in to protect foreign life and prop-
erty show unmistakable signs of hostility.
Chang Chfhtung, Viceory of the Hukwang
province, fearing that he could not restrain
his troops had the breech blocks taken out
of the guns at Wuchang which command
Hankow and taken to his yamen or, some
say, thrown Into the river.”

Mr. Hykes reports the safe arrival at Wu-
chow of Frederick L, Mendenhall, for whom
ft was proposed to send an escort to bring him
from the interior to the coast. Mr. Mendenhall
made his escape on board a Chinese gunboat
supplied by friendly officials. Mr, Hykes also
wrote that even near Shanghal many natives
sympathized with the Boxers and that at Kin-

kiang the people were busy making Borer re
ia. The letter also contained the follow-
ing reference to the shipwreck of a represenia-
tive of the American bible Society and to the
sufferings of a party of missionanes escaping
from Reape:
“D. F. Jones was on a journey up the Han
ver when disturbances broke out. He was
shipwrecked when near the border of the Shensi
province and this compelled himtoreturn. He
sad tamily undoubtedly owe their lives to
wreck, for nothing could have saved them
if tag had got into the Province of Shensi at
that time. e lost everything, including 8310
in money which he had with him for the ex-
penses of journey, As soon as his boat
capsized it “was surrounded by robbers, who
ele everywhing that they could lay hands on.
“A party of twenty-one missionaries and
tpres gaze engineers from Honan have ar-
They had a terrible experience.
One had his right hand almost
at the wrist by a sword cut and his

split with the ; c
received a terrible wound nthe hb Tae
WS wats, Tete toto fr ave da

a oon
ane at last it expired in her arms. ~~

|
|

  

 

MRS. FELTON ON NEGRO RIOTS.

 

The Woman Advocate of Lynching Severe on
Northern Race Hatred,

ATLANTA, G@, Aug, 26.—-Mra, Dr. W. H.
Felton, who has made herself so prominent tn
defence of Southern lynchings, speaks as fol-
lows in a newspaper statement touc hing the
late outbreaks in New York:

“Instead of confining themselves to pur-
suit of the murderer who committed the crime
the infuriated mob made attacks on all negroes
who came in sight, clubbing, shooting and
otherwise maltreating those they pursued,
The negroes in turn stoned the whites from
the roofs of houses, and increased the fury of
the riot by belligerent methods There was
imminent danger of a bloody ending before
the affair was brought under control by the
police. It gave unmistakable evidence that
the same race animosity prevailed in New
York as in New Orleans

‘An outbreak in Chicago was added to the
New York difficulty in the same week, brought
about by the snatching of a lady's pocketbook

by a negro in the public streets of tag, city.
rhe enraged populace ran after the thief, trying
‘Lynch him" at every step. It is Seay to dis-
cover that these race difficulties are far more
virulent, according to numbers, in the North
than in the South, because the Southern whites
are not disposed or inclined to race riots, they
simply pursue the individual offender.

Piirty years ago the Northern whites were
eager, as a rule, to compel the Southerners
to submit to social equality with their former
slaves. To-day the negro has fewer friends
and no more social equality in Northern lati-
tudes than in the South, numbers, of course,
being considered. When the negro behaves
himself in the South he bas friends among the
heat classes of our eltizens, In the North his
good behavior counts nothing against his
skin when a diffeuity springs up Whenever
a negro was maitreated In the South the North-
ern press proceeded to denounce the Southern
whites en masse for the offence, Now that
the negro has become 60 offensive in contact
with Northern whites, they proceed to viait
their indignation on the blacks en masse, ‘

“The beat friends the negro race have to-day
on the American continent are those who
advise the race to address themselves to making
a living, procuring a home, teaching their
children to keep aloof from politics, and to
lead clean lives of honesty and virtue, The
supposed friends of the negro In abolition
latitudes have endeavored to take him trem
these laudable and safe lines of conduct and
make of him the political rulers of this Sou hern
country. And the pit they digged for others
has been the pit in which they find themselves
plunging where the negro exercised his en-
deavor to do as had been told to do in the North
and West

“If the wise men of the negro race will still
use all proper effort to withdraw their face
from attempts at social and political equtiity,
the black and white races can live together
in the South for another hundred years in
peace and harmony. The. elevation of the
negro to Federal positions of honor and profit
placing white men under their contro and
management, is largely responsible for race
antagonism In this Southern country, It has
not helped the negro race in any direction.”

NEW FORM OF RELIGIOUS FRENZY,

Young Woman Said to Have Been Crazed by
“Holy Rollers’ Near Rochester.

Rocnvster, Aug. 26.—A band of persons
styling themselves Gospel Workers, and irrev-
erently spoken of as “Holy Rollers,” has been
camping out at Cobb's Mill, Just south of the
city line, for several days. They have about
twenty-five tenta under the trees, and a large
tent on a slope is stretched over the platform

and a few of the seats, The seata stretch back
almost to the semicircle of living teats, On
tie platform at each service are seated a dozen
or more exhorters, one of them a colored man.
The one seated in the centre is the Rev. New-
ton Eastman, the leader,

The theory of this sect is that each person
has more or lese of the devil in him, and that
the way to wet rid of this evil apirit {9 to roll it
ont, When their prayers have not succeeded
in eradicating the devil and his works they
throw themselves upon the ground and roll
about until they are exhausted. On Friday
night the emotions of the “Rollers"’ were aroused
to a very high piteh. A young woman who
has taught school and fs a graduate of one of
the normal schools became. frenzied. The
meeting broke up and the “Rollers” had to re-
strain her by force from doing herself bodily
harm She was taken to one of the tents and
fastened with ropes  Fastman said last night
that she had practically recovered Officer
Daniel Scholl, who was on the ground, said
that the woman was atill kept in the tent and
that she is in aserious condition

FATAL ROW OVER CHILDREN.

 

Husband and Wife Shotina Qnarre!l With a
Neighbor Over Their Littic Ones,

Torisvinue, Ky., Aug. 26--Ill feeling has
existed for some time between the families
of C. B, Hartman and Phil Ketzel, who occupy
flats at 626 Hancock atreet. Ketzel is a night
watchman and has frequently complained
that noise made by the Hartman children
keeps him awake during the day, This after-

noon one of the young Hartmans was beatin
on @ barrel in the back yard, Phil Ketzel,

Jr, aged 9 remonstrated with young
Hartman The latter ai few minutes
later returned and threw pepper inte

young Ketzel's face. He ran crying to his
ather, Ketzel and his wife ran upstairs and
bewan berating Hartman. Blows followed
Keizel drew his pistol. As he did so Mrs. Hart-
man ran between the two men and received in
her side the bullet meant for Her husband.
She will die. The husband rushed over her
body with hands outstretched. A bullet cut
off his little finger and entered his breast and
he fell on his wife's body. He is not expected
to live. Throwing the pistol down, Ketzel
went to his room. where he was found, raving
a few minutes later, and arrested. In two or
three days Mrs. Hartman would have become
a mother.

 

 

MOSQUITOES ON THE RAMPAGE.

 

Cause Horses to Ram Away and Drive Passen-
gers From Trolley Cars.

Mount Wernon, N. ¥., Aug. 26.--A plague
of mosquitoes has invaded Mount Vernon, City
Island and other places along the Sound, They
were 80 thick on the Boulevard, through Pei-
ham Bay Park from Pelham Manor to City
Island, that it was dangerous to drive there,
aa great swarms of them attacked the horses,
and several runaways were the result

The mosquitoes appeared with a thunder
shower this afternoon. Cars on the trolley
line between Mount Vernon and New Rochelle

. became stalled for the lack of power, and the

mosquitoes gathered in a cloud and caused
many of the passengers to fly to escape being
atung,

DRANK PRUSSIC ACID.

The Body of a Man Supposed to Be Carl Kit-
tleberger Found to Central Park.

A man suppored to be Carl Kittleberger
committed suicide in Central Park near Fighty-
third street and the West Drive early yesterday
morning by taking @ dose of some clear liquid
poison, probably diluted prussic acid. His
body waa found by Patrolman Verity about

6 o'clock, The man, who appeared to be about
85 years old, was well dressed, He wore a
black serge coat and vest and black and white
striped trousers, In his pocket was found a
memorandum book tn which was written in
German: “My sister, Mrs. Pauline Heppe, 807
Classon avenue, Brooklyn.” In the book was
a letter of recommendation for Car] Kittle
berger from Mrs, L. J. Warner, 72 Fast Ninety-
second street. ‘Two white handkerchiefs found
upgn him were marked with the initials “C.

° The bottle of poison from which not more
than a swallow ha

pee been taken was without a

The body was taken to the Morgue,

 

CUT A GASH IN HIS WRIST,

 

Phtiip Roemer Was Out of Work and Wanted
to Die-He Will Recover,

Philip Roemer, 4 years old, a cigarmaker,
homeless and friendless, attempted suicide
in @ rear room of the City Lodging House at
808 First avenue yesterday morning by cu ttin
his wriat with a razor : "

One of the attendants of the lodging house
heard gronns in the room and breaking in the
door, found Roemer lying on the floor with
blood spurting from an ugly gash in his right
wrist. He was removed to Believue Hospital,
very weak from loss of blood. Roemer says

he has been unable to get work and this
prompted him to take his life. Re will
recover.

Lovesick Young Man Attempts Suicide.

CYNTHIANA, Ky, Aug. 26.—Harry Webster,
aged 22. 4 farmer, living one mile from here,
attempted suicide late this afternoon, by shoot-
ing himself just below the heart. He had been
desiondent for some time because his sweet-
heart contemplated moving to Covington. He
had often tried to persuade her to live here, but
his persuasions were of 1o avail. He cannot
reoover.

Woman Commits Suicide.

The body of Rosanna Warwich. 63 years old,

of Newtown, was found yesterday j |
of bushes at Winfield, L. t She had ‘committed
suicide by swallowing carbolic acid,

 

 

=e

 
   

————

PLANS TO PILLAGE MANILA,

 

CONSPIRACY REVEALED BY GEN.
RICARTE’S CAPTURED PAPERS.

 

Uprising Was to Have Taken Place on the Day
Gen, Lawton's Body Was Put Aboard a
Transport—The Pilot That Followed—Those
Who Shirked Were to Be Put to Death,

Wasutnoton, Aug. 26.—The Secretary of

War has just made public a number of letters
found among the papers of Gen. Ricarte, who
was arrested a few months ago for complicity
in the proposed uprising in Manila. The let-
ters show that the leaders of the upriiing were
willing to go to any extent, and those not join-
ing therm in the movement were threatened
with death, That the plans of the Filipino
leaders failed was due largely to the watchful-
ness of the Americans and to the work of Gen.
Otia's secret service system.
The firat outbreak mentioned tn the cor-
respondence is the one which was to have
| taken place on the day Gen, Jawton’s body
was transferred to a transport to be sent form
Manila to the United States. In a letter, dated
Dec, 20, 1800, Teut.-Gen. Mariano Trias
suggested to Artemio Ricarte, Division General,
that he lead the attack on Manila in person.
This 1s followed by a draft of a@ letter, dated

Jan. 2, telling of the failure of the propose

uprising of Saturday, Dec, 30. He says:
“On Saturday, at10o’olock, we failed to carry

out the hostile demonstration in Manila and tts

suburbs for the following reasons; On ac-

count of the small number of resolute per-

sons who were etationed at the gates of the
walled city, since there was not more than two

hundred, including the twenty-odd Spanish

Cazadores stationed at the Puerto de Sta. Lucia,
and the number of the enemy in the city that

day was more than a thousand. Because at the

hour above Gen, Otis went on board a small
launch, which took aboard the body of Gen,
Lawton and the remains of some other officers

who died in this campaign. Next day we

started torenew our preparations and carry

out our blow at the same hour, but it was im-

possible todoit, Because, beginning at 6 A.M.

on Sunday, Dec, $1, the enemy and the civil

guards made a careful search in all the suburbs

of the city on account of the disturbances which

on the previous day took place.”
The followme new plan is then out'ined:
“To recruit in your command 3,000 men of

sure daring and steadiness. These will enter

the walled city armed with knives. The en-
trance of this number of men will be effected

during a period of about three weeks, It will

be easy to do it, and I shall undertake to place
them in safe places while the rest are arriving,
and as soon as they all get in I shall give the
necessary instructions to direct and arrange
for codperation in the blow ou the said point,
the wailed city.

“At the same time, with all due honor and
reapect, I inform you, General, that it is my
strong belief that to receive a favorable termi-
nation of this present campaign in which we
suffer defeats continually, not that any one is

of much importance, but they diroinish the
desire of us Filipinos to pursue with the neces-
sary ardor the longed-for liberty and independ-
ence of our dear country, there is no other way
of obtaining this than by carrying out the blow
in the city of Manila, since that piece of land,
surrounded with its high and massive wall, once
taken, we shall be able to dominate its suburbs,
and as the foreigners live in them we shall be
foreed to have direct relations with them. Yes,
General, | agree with persons of greater ability
than I that the burning of a few_foreign com-
mercial establishments will be sufficient to give
a new color to the present critical conditions
in the Philippines, but permit me, General, to
state my case briefly, How would the foreigners
and Americans come to an arrangement in re-
gard to the damage and prejudice such a con-
flagration would cuuse the first. How would we
find out theiragreement’? If the property of the
foreigners ia burnt and nothing more is done
we shall not obtain their valuable aid, we shall
never get it, but ff in addition we succeed in
obtaining possession of the said walled city
then with our heads nobly erect we can deman

what we want of them and of the enemy,
eanuse the first will have to submit to our au-
thority as soou as we can dominate the place
where they are,”

In order of date came the following memo-
randa declaring that those not assembling as
directed would be punished with death;

“INFANTRY REGIMENT, THE CONQUERINO
ONE OF THE VIPER, IN PANDACAN, March 4,
19%). To-day met at these headquarters three
field officers and the officers of the companies
forming the first and second battalions of this
regiment under my presidency as temporary
commanding officer. The field officers and
officers described being ready to defend the
integrity of our loved soil, I have ordered the
Captains, Immediate commanders of said com-
panies, to warn their commands with all haste
that at the moment when the order comes
from the Higher Authority to take up arms
and carry out, if it takes the last drop of their
blood, what js now ready for the day of our
rising, that those who do not assemble at the
appointed place will be punished with death
aceording to the articles of the military code,
and the said officers will, all or any of them,
sign the proceedings (of court martial),”

in the latter part of March Lieut.-Gen, Trias
wrote Ricarte, who at that time had professed
friendship for the Americans, expressing satis-
faction that Ricarte would | an uprising
in Manila. He said

“That was the only detail wanting to com-
plete the work of our revolution and place in
an awkward position the so much boasted
good policy of the enemy, who as an ultimate
| result will be the one to pay the fiddier, if your
| intention is carried out In a satisfactory manner;
and then and there would be no appropriate
words to exto! such determination, which
though it would not end the war, nevertheless
enough will have been done for the triumph of
our cause.”

The tollowing memorandum is dated April
& the sfenature being withheld by the War
Department.

"That the beginning will be given to the
rising one hour before its initiation {In the
suburbs of the capital. Before the Indicated
uprising some firearms are neceasary with all
urgency for the animation of all individuals
who have to go under fire. The same hour of
initiating the uprising « circular will be sent to
all foreign Consuls notifying them of the said
event, so that, in case of need, to ask their
intervention with the consent of the opera-
tions.”

On May 7, 1900, Martin Garcia wrote to Ricarte,
saving

Conspiracy goes on in all parts with the
same idea as yours and ours, and all propo-
sitioug to protect the interests and property of
the #@rangers is repelled because {t would be
in honor of the Americans themselves and the
conflict of the Unions should not be provoked.”

Ricarte received from Mariana Barroga, his
special commissioner, the following, dated
June 17, 1900

“As a result of our conference witb our ad-
herents in San Miguel, they ask that the up-
rising take place on the day of Saints Peter
and Pau!, and you may reckon, my dear Direc-
tor, upon this regiment as upon the other newly
opganized ones at any hour, except that so far
Sr. Licerio Gerorieno has not replied to the
communication IT sent him. The military
officers ask two hours’ warning, and 1 hope
that on the 28th of the present month we shall
be able to carry Out our desires,

“lL inform you of this so that you can arran.
what is fit One of the commandants of the
Second Vibora Battalion wante an authoriza-
tion to collect contributions and enlist twelve
men who are willing to goto any length.”

Information received at the War Department
shows that the uprising failed, as the military
authorities heard of it in advance and Ricarte
was arrested by native police the day after
the day set for the disturbance.

 

AGUINALDO IN THE HILLS,

Gen. Funston and Gen. Grant Scouting in the
Vicinity.

MANILA, Aug. 26.—The Philippine Commis
sion is thoroughly investigating and adjusting
civil affairs. It holds daily seasions. To-day
it discussed a municipal code. Interest in the
work of the commission is rapidly increasing,
both Filipinos and foreigners anxiously await-
ing the establisliment of civil government.

The third day's session of the hearing on the
question of ownership of property held by the
Catholic Church was mainly occupied by Mer.
Chapelle, the Papal Delegate, and Mer. Noza-
ledas, Archbishop of Manila, who argued that
the Chureh ia the rightful owner of San José
College in Manila, a contention which the Fili-
pinos are combating with much bitterness
The rooms of the commission have been crowded
during the seasions. The provincial
papers are agitating the subject under the
ttle of “The Church vs. the United States.”
The decision, which will be given in about three
weeks, will establish a precedent in the enor-
mous land cases involved in the claim of Church
ownership and willalso havea strong influence
on the relations between the Filipinos and Amert-
cans,

There is a slight lull in military affairs. The
official bulletins give only meagre reports
of widely scattered operations during the past
fortnight.

native

There have been numerous akir-

ee are

THE SUN, MONDAY, AUG

ss piss Sletten lie ear eteeeeieegcmeciecii

AOE REDD Ay ie PPE BT I

  

 

mishes in the vicinity of Manila and in the
Camarines provinces, the Visayan Islands
and Mindanao.

Aguinaldo is reported to be in the vicinity
of Biagnabato, where Gen, Funston and Gen.
Grant are constantly scouting in the moun-
tains. The work is rough and wearying. The
enemy 1s hard to locate, as they are active and
have accurate knowledge of the country.
Small detachments of quartermaster’s trains
have been captured lately, and the Americans,
though they were quickly {n pursuit of the
Filipinos, were unable to recover them.

A typhoon which has lasted for seven days,
has relieved the threatened drought, which
gave evidence of damaging the crops. All the
streams are flooded and many of them are im-
passable. There has been a railroad washout
half way between Manila and Dagupan.

Mrs. Taft and Mra Wright, wives of the mem-
bers of the Philippine Commission, who came
to Manila on the transport Grant, have satled
for home.

The transport Sumner has cleared for Taku
with supplies for the American forces operating
in China.

CROWD SAW HIM UNDRESS.

Bather Took Off All His Clothes {n Presence
of 300 Men and Women,

A man wearing good clothes walked out of
Connolly's bathing pavilion at the foot of Fif-
teenth avenue, Bath Beach, yesterday after-
noon, and began to disrobe in the presence of
900 men and women. After he had taken off
all his clothes he stood in the sunlight for a
few moments to give the spectators a chance
to admire his figure. Then he plunged into
the water, The women bathers got out of the
water and put for the pavilion. A polfoeman
came from the Bath Beach station in answer
to a telephone message and commanded the
man to leave the water and be arrested. The
man sald that the policeman would have to
come into the water to arresthim, The police-
man made no reply but gathered the man’s
Gothing up and started to walk away with it.
Then the man came out of the water and was
put under arrest. He was forced to dress in
one of the bathhouses,

At the station he said he was Emile Romaine,
88 years old, of 92 Cedar place, Brooklyn. He
had plenty of money and_ seemed to be a well-
educated Frenchman. He refused to. tell
why he had gone into the water nude

Shortly after dark a young woman about
28 years old undresse| on the beach and went
into the water. Connolly's people again tele-
phone! the polioe but as soon as the woman
saw a cop coming she got to shore, grabbed her
clothing and ran. The policeman chased her,
but she escaped in the shrubbery of Dyker
Heights Park.

 

 

 

 

 

WANT TO BE CITY EMPLOYEES.
Brooklyn Bridge Workers Ask to Be Put
Under the Eight-Hoor Law.

The New York and Brooklyn Bridge Em-
ployees’ Protective Association, recently
formed of the employees on the Bridge,, n-
cluding motormen, conductors, guards, gato-
men and ticket sellers and choppers, sent a
delegate to the Central Federated Union for
the first time yesterday, George Wolfran,
the delegate, asked on behalf of the association
fora committee of three to go before thet Charter
Revision Commissioners and ask that the Bridge
employees be brought under the Eieht-hour
law. The request was granted and delegates
Campbell, Rooney and Smith were anpotnted
on the committee

Woltran said that his organization held that
the charter given by the city to the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit Company allowing it to operate
the Bridge is illegal and that the employees
are atill city employees. The organization
is seeking to get for its members through the
courts the difference between the wages patid
by the city and the wages the men are now
receiving since the operating of the road was
turned over to the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Company.

HIS UNLUCKY VWACATION,

 

Policeman Thomas Burke Was Seasick, and
Stoce Has Had Paralysis.

Policeman Thomas Burke, who has been on
duty at the prison ward, Bellevue Hospital, for
five years, is suffering from paralysis of his left
side, and at his home, 243 East Thirty-ninth
street. {t was said last night that his condition
was critical,

Burke had his annual vacation last week. He
went down tothe fishing banka on the Angler,
Tuesday, and was the sickest man on board.
He came home in bad shape. He tried to go
to Rockaway Beach the next morning but had
to turn back. He has been in bed since. grow-
ing worse every day, and vesterday paralysis
set in. The doctors think that Burke broke
a blood vessel in his head during his seasick-
nesa, and that the paralysis {s caused by that.

 

BADLY HURT TRYING TO SAVE A DOG.
DoMinger Fell While Climbing an Elevated
Pillar to Release the Animal.

John Dofflinger, 48 years old, a atereotrper
of @2 Barbey street, Brooklyn, fell from the
elevated raflroad structure at the Manhattan
crossing on Saturday night. Some boy had
hoisted a fox terrier with a rope to the third
rail at that point, Doffilnger heard the whining
of the animal and undertook to rescue it, He
climbed up the tron ~— and, as he leaned
over to reach for the dog, slipped and dropped
to the street. Dofflinger’s left leg and knee
cap were fractured and he also received internal
injuries. He was removed to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where it was said last night that his con-
dition was critical,

 

OBITUARY.

The Rev. Theodore D. Frazee, pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal Chureh at Woodrow,
Staten Island, died at his home on Saturday
after an illness of three days. Mr. Frazee was
born tn Rahway, N.J., in December, 1838, After
graduating from Rutgers College he was or-
dained and admitted to the Newark Methodist
Episcopal Conference in 1862 and, with the ex-
ception of ten years, had held the pastorate
of churches in that conference. In 1882 he was
placed upon the supernumerary roll and for
ten years was engaged in literary work, mainly
the publication of a magazine at Newark. He
also wrote a book, “The Farmer's Niece,” which
attracted some attention !n the religious world

Former Judge John W. Crane of Saratoga
county died suddenly in Saratoga Springs
yesterday. He was born In Milton in 1827
and had lived in Saratoga since he was 16 years
old. He was a member of the various Sara-
toga Springs commissions and also Super-
visor and {n 1859 he was elected County Judge
of Saratoga county. In 1876 he was elected
to serve a second term.

Gen. William H. Morris. who gained his title
in the Confederate Army, died zomegday at his
summer home at North Long Branch. He had
been {ll with heart disease. Gen. Morris was 78
years old. He leaves a widow and one son

John B. Templin, a member of the firm of
Pfarrer & Templin, brokers in imported skins
at 90 Gold street, diea on Saturday at his home
in Belleville. Mr. Templin was 86 years old.

More Country Bayers Coming Here.

A second series of excursions under the au-
spices of the Merchants’ Association, for mer-
chants in the territory east of the Mississippi
River and west of Buffalo and Pittsburg, as far
south as the Ohio River, has begun and it is ex-
pected will bring a large number of buyers from
that section to New York. At the same time re-
duced rates will bein force from the territor
east of Buffalo and Pittabura and as far south
as the line of the Ohlo and Potomac rivers, run-
ning east to the New England boundary line,

 

Spanish War Veterans’ Camp Fire.

The annual camp fire and reunion of William
H. Hubbell Command, No. 12, Spanish War
Veterans, will be held atthe Iron Pier Pavilion,
Rockaway Beach, on Saturday. The proceeds
will be devoted to establishing a fund which
will be utilized for aiding the members of the
command who have been ill since the return of
the Forty-seventh Regiment from Porto Rico.
The organization is named in honor of Col,
William H. Hubbell, who commanded the Forty-
seventh Regiment during the Porto Rican car-
palgn.

 

Blockade in Front of the Bridge.

The plough of a Third avenue trolley car got
loose in the slot {n front of the Brooklyn Bridge

last night and caused a blockade for twenty
minutes, There was the usual oussing on the
part of the passengers, hustling on tho part of
the railroad people, a final pyrotechnic isplay
and then the cars moved on again.

Wanted for Embezzlement.

John High's of 155 Mount Prospect avonue,
Newark, has been missing since Aug. 13, anda
warrant is out for his arrest for embezzlement
from the Whitehead & Hoag Company. He
was foreman of the button department and it is

harged that ae such he padded the payrolls.

be specific cha: o 1s the embesslement of $16.

UST 27, 1900.

   

 

MURDER CLUES AT AN END.

POLICE HAVE RUN DOWN THE LAST
WITHOUT RESULT.

They Know as Little Aboat the Man or Woman
Who Killed Kate Scharn as They Did Fight
Days Ago, and They Despair of Ever Solv-
ing the Mystery— Death of the Fight Ramor.

A week ago to-day the newspapers told of

the murder of Kate Scharn in her flat at 674

Second avenue. She had been found early

on Sunday morning, by her brother Fred,

beaten and strangled to death,when he returned
from a visit to his sweetheart, She had been
robbed of her rings, her watch and a few dol-
lars, but the motive of the crime did not seem
to lie behind this theft. The police began their
investigations on the theory that jealousy
wasat the bottom of it. They arrested Iincoln

Eisenprice, a bank clerk, who had known the

girl intimately for years and with whom she

had an appointment for 7:30 o'clock Saturday
evening. At the same time the brother was
taken into custody more as a precautionary
measure than for any other reason.

Within twenty-four hours Eisenprice had

established such an alibi that his release was 4

foregone conclusion, Not so with young

Scharn, He started his alibi with a lie, and

when the Coroner held Eisenprice only as &

witness under nominal bail he held Scharn
without bail as the suspected murderer of his

 

sister, For six days the police have strained
every effort to fasten the crime on this
young man, but they have not succeeded.

They promised last Friday to formally
and legally charge him with murder by Tues-
day. next, but the promise was made in
the hope that meanwhile they would turn ip
new evidence They had notdone solastnigh

They have worked faithfully, but 4
has yet been found to Gleprove the boy's con-
tention that he was in The Bronx, from 4:30
last Saturday a week
was alive

nothing

o'clock until midnight
ago and the evidence that the girl
at 7 o'clock on that night
While the main strength of the police effort
haa been directed against Scharn every other
clue that suggested itself has been followed,
but useleasly, and the crime is as mich of a mys-
tery as ever. Every girl acquaintance of the
victim has been questioned as to her life, her
habits, her friends, both men and women.
No one has been found who through jealousy
might be likely to do the deed, As new facts
were elicited theories have changed. One
day the motive has been robbery, one day
oqrousy one day It was a lover, the nexta
Jealous rival, and in the end there has been
no reault. Ekight days of solid work by the
precinct and Central Office detectives find
them confronted by a situation from which
they have caoceeted in excluding every person
who mighthave committed the crime.
The last clue to come to nothing was that
iven by the embalmer, Teddy Blehayn, It
died yesterday. Biehayn’s story is an excel-
lent example of the birth, life and death of a
murder rumor, Four days ago he told Dru
ist Tyler, who was the dead girl's landlor
that a woman had told him that there had been
a fight between Scharn and his sister on the af-
ternoon of themurder, Tyler told the police
and the police got after Blehayn. He told them
that Mrs, Cahill of 680 Second avenue had told
him in the presence of her daughter, Mrs,
Maggie Crosse, that some one had ‘told
her about the = fight The name of
this last “some one" Inspector Harley
declines to disclose, because he says she is a
working girl andthe notoriety would cause her
to lose her place. Bilehayn said, however, that
Mrs. Cahill had met this girl in the street on the
morning after the murder and that she had told
Mrs. Cahillthat another woman had witnessed
the fight. Marley's men wrestled with  Bie-
hayn, Mrs. Cahill, Mrs. Cross and the “some
one” until they were almost crazy. Then yea.
terday afternoon the Inspector had them all,
umor-mongers and detectives, brought before
him. Biehayn stuck to his story. Mrs, Cahill
sald she never had been told anything. Mrs.
Cross wasn't sure, but she thought the “some
one” must have said what Biehayn said she had
said. The “some one” declared that she had
never kaid anything of the kind imputed to her
and that no other woman had ever told
her anvthing of the kind. She eaid, more-
over, that she had never associated with the
Cahills or the Crosses and that Biehayn had
been trying to get her to say all week that
she had told the story to Mrs. Cahill. The
Inspector stood this sort of thing as long as
he could and then he chased everyody out
of the police station and announced that Bei-
harn wasaliar. Whv he had lied the Inspector
couldn't imagine. He added that he had been
looking up Biehayn's whereabouts on the night
of the murder and had him pretty well ac-
counted for
That was about the last thing there was to
be done. If the police are working any more
ends they have not let the reporters {nto their
confidence, and it seemed last night as if the
Scharn case is about to go down among the
city’s unsolved murder mysteries,

TENANT SHOOTS LANDLORD.

 

Conflict of Men and Women After the Service
of a Dispossess Notice.

Recause Charles Lang, the landlord of the
basement at 821 Fast Fourteenth street, wanted
to get rid of Henry Hepps, his front room ten-
ant, there was a general row there last night, in
the course of which Ilepps shot Lang in the
stomach. The wounded man is in Bellevue

Hospital and ia not expected to live. Lang,
who is a walter in a German restaurant on
Second avenue, lived in the two rear rooms of
the basement with his cousin, Laura Schmidt
They sublet the rest of the basement to Henry
Hepps and his wife Bertha = Hepps has a drug
store In Seventh street between First and Sec-
ond cvenunes

Accorijing to Lang and Misa Schmidt Hepps
was a disagreeable neighbor, so Lang gor a
diapossess notice and served it last night by
poking it under the door. Lang and his cousin
and their friends, Max and Rosa Werner, were
getting ready to go to North Beach, but they
waitet a minute to see what would happen
when Hepps found the court notice to get out
They didn’t have long to wait. Hepps and
his wife came out into the hall together and
defied Lang and his friends to put them out.

One thing led to another, and the women
got to throwing dishes, cakes of soap and old
shoes, while the men went at each other with
canes, But there wasn't much harm done
till Hope pulled his revolver out and fired at
Lang. Policeman Keely of the East Fifth
street station heard the shot and ran across
the street and out of his precinet to see what was
the trouble. As he entered the basement
Hepps grabbed him by the throat and pinned
him against the wall He was having a bad
time of it when Detective Crystal of the Central
Office, who lives across the street, ran over
and arabbed Hepps

With one man dying and the other under
arrest the women lost interest in the row, and
there was no more trouble. Hepps, who was
locked up at the Fast Twenty-second atreet
station. sald that he shot Lang because Lang
had struck Mrs. Hepps on the head with a cane

Big Crowd at Coney Island,

More thin 175,000 persons went to Coney
Island yesterday, and the Bowery and other
thorouchfares were almost impassable. The
railroad comranies did about the biggest busl-
ness of the season, and there was not atrolley
car in operation that was not uncomfortably
crowded. The iron steamboats also carried
thousands to the Island. Fully 30,000 went in
bathing.

 

 

Sale of
Carpeting,

Commencing

Monday, Aug. 27th.

1200 rolls of various kinds of
Carpeting, to be sold prior to
our opening in September, at

75¢., QOC.
& $7.20

per yard,
about 1% less than former
prices.

Lord & Taylor,

broadway & 20th St

       

 

 

 

COAL STRIKE MAY BE ORDERED.

 

Labor War Feared in the Anthracite Region
Just ae Prosperity Was Retcroing.

FlazuEeTon, Pa., Aug. 26.--The outcome of
to-morrow’s convention of the United Mine
Workers is looked forward to with anxiety
by the people of this region, as their welfare
to a very large degree is involved in it, Ces-
sation of industry in the coal workings would
mean, if continued for any lenath of time,
ruin to many business men and want and suffer-
ing to the miners themselves and those depend-
ent upon them. Few, if any of them, have laid
by anything for the proverbial rainy day,
as they are only just now recuperating from
a long period of slack work and are getting
out of debt. The same ts true of the many
small merchants dependent upon the trade
of the coal workers. During the times when
the mines were working only a few days a week
they tided over the miners by giving liberal
credit, which now, {in consequence of the good
wages being earned, has about been vipee off
the slate. The merchants themselves in con-
sequence have been enabled to meetlong-stan
ing obligations and a general era of prosper-
ity was again about to be prevalent in the co
regions when this strike agitation is started.

ytastant and Catholic ministers took oc-
casion to-day in thelr nons to stronely
advise the members of their congregations
not to participate in a athe. emurks to this
effect were made by Father Phillips in | St.
Gabriel's Roman Catholio Chureh, Father
Pruzzi, the Italian prieat gn the Rey. Car
Houser in the Lithuanian Protestant Church
As a matter of fact there hus been « change
in the strike sentiment even umong the for-
eign element during the lust few days. They
were ut first determined upon a strike, but it
is now learned from an, authoritative source
that they are very much less enthusiastic in
the mutter now. A strike, however, will prob-
ably be declared by the convention to-mor-
row. The operators will not confer with the
representatives of the mine workers’ union an
they on the other hand are determined to call
@ strike on account of this refusal! alone, which
they regard us a determination on the part o
the operators not to recognize thelr union

A number of delegates to the convention
urrived in town to-day, and when the conven-
tion opens to-morrow morning it is expecte
that ubout four hundred men, representing
the entire unthractte coal regions of Pennsyl-
vania, will be present.

 

TEN CENTS FOR A SMILE,

Alleged Arbitrary Fines Infiicted on the Shirt-
Waist Makers.

A committee from the striking shirt-waist
makers at M. I. Nathan & Co.'s factory, 113
Spring etreet, was present at the meeting of
the Central Federated Union yesterday. The
committee consisted of Miss Rose Bogin and
Mias Sarah Wein, two of the strikers, who were
accompanied by J. Pankin and Isaac Green,
both members of the Shirt-Waist Makers’
Union.

Pankin introduced Miss Bogin to the meeting
and said that the union had now 1,500 mem-

bers. The girls, he said, formerly made from
$25 to $30 a week, but now they earn only about
$7 to 8s

Mics Wein said that the strike was against a
reduction of 35 per cent. in wages, The condi-
tions are bad in the whole trade, she said, One
of the worst features is the imposing of fines in
the factories for breakers of arbitrary rules.
Some of the fines which she specified are:

gicteen cents for a laugh.

‘en cents for a smile.
Twenty-five centa for talking.

Fifteen cents for looking in a m r.
Twenty-five cents for ing half a day off,
aside from the loss of wages

“The police,” she said, “wont let the pickets
alone. hey make them keep moving all the
time and arrest them if they speak to the
workers.” At the request of the delegation
the C. F. U. appointed a committee consisting
of Delegates Pallas, Rubin, Rosencrang, Girors-
man and Robinson to ask the Police Com-
missioners to direct the police to keep their
hands off the picketa.

 

HOUSESMITHAS TO PARADE.

 

The Only Lobor Organization Here That Will
Formully Celebrate Labor Day.

Headquarters was established yesterday by
the Parade and Picnic Committee of the
Housemiths and Bridgemen's Union at Cen-
tral Hall, 147 West Thirty-second street, from
which to distribute uniforms for the parade of
the union on Labor Day. This union will be
the only labor organization In New York to
have a paradefon Tabor Day. John Brady,
chairman of ths committee, sald yesterday that
700 uniforms had been distributed so far, part
of which had been given out on Saturday night.

There will be 1,600 housesmiths and bridge-
men in all in the parade, and the remaining uni-
forms will be given out next Sunday, The unt-
form consists of a black blouse and overalls,
white necktie, white felt hat and leather beit,and
each man will catry a walking stick. The strik-
ers at the new Fast River Bridge will join the
parade ina body unless the strike ts declared
off in the meantime

The parade wii! start at Central Hall and pro-
ceed along Thirty-second street to Fighth
avenue, to Fifty-ninth street, to Fifth avenue,
to Madison Square, where it willdisband Six
floats, illustrating the work of the housesmiths,
one of them carrying a model of the new Fast
River Bri ge, with accompany the parade.
Samuel Parks and Joseph Kane, the walki
delegates of the union, will be grand marsha
and assistant marshal, respectively. A plenic
willbe held at the Atlantic Park and Casino,
Ralph avenue near Prospect plac’, Brooklyn, in
the afternoon and evening.

CAPTAIN HAD TO PAY UP.

Seamen's Union Reports Its Work as a Col-
lecting Ageucy.

August Gildemeister, delegate of the At-
lantic Coast Seamen's Union, reported to the
Central Federated Union yesterday that the
union had been the means of compelling the
captain of the coasting echponer J. R. Keene

to refund $7.05 which was taken from the wages
of the crew, Under a recent law the cap-
tain of a coasting vessel cannot make advances

from the wages of any of the crew
to any but the man who earns the
mones. Gildemeister said that the captain

of the Keene. before she left New York last,
advanced $7.95 to a man who had a bill against
a member of the crew and afterward deducted+
the money from the man’s wages. When the
achooner returned a complaint was made to
the shipping commissioners, resulting, Gilde-
meister said, in the captain having to refund
the $7.95 to the sailor. He was also directed
to pay the sallor for six days which he occupied
on shore looking the matter up. Glidemetster
said that besides, this the captain was directed
to pay the crew $75 Ina lump sum because the
rations supplied on the schooner were below
the legal standard.

 

BRONX PLASTERERS COMPLAIN.

 

They Think the Carpenters Show Ingratitade
and Bad Faith.

The union plasterers in The Bronx borough
acouse the union carpenters of The Bronx with
ingratitude and bad faith, and yesterduy de
cided not to treat with or trust The Bronx car-
penters again until they rehabilitate themselves
in the estimation of the plasterers, Both be-
long to the old Building Trades’ Council, the

carpenters forming a local organization of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and the
Plasterers belonging to the Plain and Orna-
mental Operative Plasterers’ Society. When
the carpenters were on strike at Tuxedo Park
some time ago the plasterers of The Bronx
borough struck in sympathy and the strike
was won, The carpenters then promised to
reciprocate when the plasterers needed help,
The latter say that the carpenters, when called
on since to help the plasterers to win demands,
refused to respond. A meeting of the plas-
terera will be held in a few days at which, it is
said, a resolution to ask the carpenters to ex+
plain their refusal will be submitted.

White Turned Down by Garment Workers.

Henry White, General Secretary of the United
Garment Workers, it was announced yesterday,
has been defeated for reflection and (harlea A,
Wolforth,a Western man, will succeed him as
General Secretary. The headquarters of the
BF anizatic }, it is said, willremainin New York
White's defeat was 4 surprise to the local unions
affiliated with the United Garment Workers in
New York and Is believed to be owing to the
active part he took in politics. He wasa well-
known member of the old Citizen's Union and
took a prominent part in a number of anti-
Tammany movements,

Shot at Each Other and Hit Another Man.

Daas, Tex., Aug. 26.—John Bonner and
Clement Long shot at each other five times with
45-caliber pistols in asaloon to-day. Neither
was hit. but James Daniel, a bystander, was
shot in the groin and left side, and is dying at
the City Hospital from his wounds. nne
and Long are in jail.

s

 

Wont Tell Who Shot Him.

Thomas Connolly, a pugilist, waa shot in the
back while swimming in a race on Saturday

afternoon at Paterson, N.J. He was n to
General Hospital, but refused
shot hina“ Mnis coedition te orittens, > ™ wee

  

 

Wonder if you know that we
sell trunks, bags, dress suit cases,
hat boxes, rugs, everything a
traveller wants to travel with ¢

Wonder if you know we sell
’em for less than trunk stores /

Wonder if you know we have
all the filling too, if you are a
man or boy traveller?

Roerrs, Perr & Company,
258 Broadway, cor. Warren,

and 7 and 9 Warren St
649 Broadway, cor. Prince, We All orders
1260 Broadway, cor. 32d by mail,

and 54 West 55d St

MAGISTRATE POOL ANGRY.

WANTS PRISONERS TAKEN TO THE
TOMBS BY A NEW ROUTE,

 

 

Acting Sergeant Lane Says They Mast Ge by
Way of the "' Bridge of Sighs ''- Gavel Head
Files Off and Paint and Varnish Disap-
pear—The OMcer Won Ont by a Rage.

There was trouble in the Centre street police
court yesterday morning. As a result Magis
trate Pool was up in arms, wildly pounding
with his gavel, sadly marring the new varnish
and paint which have just been put on the
bench, while acting Sergeant Lane stood in
the middle of the court room and delivered
his ultimatum,

The trouble arose over an attempt by the
Magistrate to change the usual manner in which
prisoners are taken over to the Tombs from
the police cou The court room fs so arranged
that after the prisoners are brought up to the
court room from the pen below and arraigned
before the Magistrate, they are led down the
alsle and out a door leading to the “Bridge of
Sighs” and over to the Tombs. The door
in the rearof the room was placed there for
that express purpose and no one except @ pris-
oner and the officer in charge is allowed to puss
through it. A similyr door leads to the “Bridge
of Sighs” from the Court of Special Sessions
on the opposite side of the Criminal Court
bullding.

For some time Magistrate Pool haa objected
to taking prisoners down through the court
room proper. Yesterday morning, just before
court adjourned, he ordered Policeman Burns
who guarde the door, to close it and directed
that the prisoners must be taken over to the
Tombs by going back down to the pen and
around through the court of Special Seasiona.

There were only four prisoners left in the
court room when the order was given Frank
G. Sheridan, a probationary paieeman, had
his first experience in making an arrest Satur-
day night. He ran up against John Rappo, a
Greek pedier, of 62 Cherry street, on Park row.
Rappo had no license an Sheridan attempted
to place him under arrest. Tho (Cireek did
not understand that Sheridan was an officer.
He was finally landed at the Oak street police
station, but net until he had given the new
volleeman a hard fight At the same time
Bolicena Slott arrested three other (reeks
on the sarne charge and took them to the etation
house.

While the prisoners were being examined
before Magistrate Pool, acting Sergeant Lane
came up into the court room and found the
door leading to the “Bridge of Sighs” closed.
That was against orders, and he asked Police-
man Burns why he had opens it,

“Because Magistrate Pool has ordered it,”
replied Burns, “He says that all prisoners
must be taken back down through the Tombs.”

‘Open the door,” ordered Lane, “Since this
court has been in the building all police court
risoners have been taken out this way. It
i the only wary.”

The door was opened. In the meantime
Magistrate Pool had disposed of the Greek
pediers by holding them in $100 bail eac
for trial in the Court of Special Sessions, Po
liceeman Slott had taken charge of Sheridan's
prisoner, and with the four Greeks started for
he “Bridge of Sighs.” Magistrate Pool notleed
him as he neared the door.

“Say,” he cried, “where are you golng with
those prisoners? You can't go out that way,
1 have ordered the door to be closed.”

“Bring them along, officer,” commanded
acting Sergeant Lane
Slott, and his prisoners, got through the

door, but the Magistrate was not to be beaten
that way. “Bring them back,” he cried. ‘Bring
them back. We will see who is running this
court.”

Slott, the prisoners,and Lane came back
and ranged themselves before the Court

‘Your Honor,” said Lane, “the prisoners
must go out that way. There is no other way
for them to go over to the Tombs.”

“There is another passageway downstairs,”
cried the Magistrate

“But that is for the Special Sessions prisoners,”
said Lane. “If they go down to the pen the
officer will have to lead the prisoners throug!
the streets of New York to the Tombs. This
one has four prisoners. One of them could
get away.”

“Then get more officers,” said the Court

“We have not got any more here,” replied
Lane.

“I am running this court,” said Magistrate
Pool, “And 1 will be obeyed. Officer, take
these prisoners down stairs.”

“Don't you do it,” commanded Lane. Police.
man Slott looked at his superior officer and
obeyed. Then the Magistrate was anery,
He stood up, and, seizing his gavel, pounded
so vigorously that its head flew off

“What'” he cried. “Am I to be disputed tn
my own court? When I get my bill through

in Albany I will have you fellows out of here
1 wont have it, I tell you, I wont have it. You
take those prisoners down stairs. I don't
care if you can't get them out of there. Keep

them down there if you have to, but take them
down-—take them down, I say”

Down they went, where they remained un-
til his Honor had Jeft the court, Then they
were quietly taken over to the Tombs. Act-
ing Sergeant Lane still says that the prisoners
must go over the “Bridge of Sighs” by way of
the police court. Magistrate Poo) still tnstets
that they must not. More trouble {s expec
this morning

 

CIGARMAKBERS’ TERUS.

 

They Say That Those Who Took Strikers’
Places Must Be Discharged.

Delegate Brown of the,oigarmakers reported
at yesterday's meeting of the Central Federated
Union that before the present strike of the
cigarmakers can be settled 600 persons who have
taken the places of the strikers must be dis-
oharged “he settiernent in the strike at the
Hilson company’s factory last week, he said,
was made on these conditions

‘Some of these people,” said Brown, * have
been at other trades before the atrike and only
took to cigar making after the strike was de
clared. They can return to their old oecu-
pations if they like, but the 600 persons must
not be employed for a year by any of the manu-
facturera against whom the strike ts declared
whether they belong to 4 union or not.’

The C. F. U. indorsed this plan of action,
which, Brown said, the union had adopted.

General Strike on a Ballding.

A general strike was ordered late on Saturday
afternoon ona large building at Washington
tlaee and Greene #treet awainst the employ-

ment of non-union houseamiths by Contractors
Cooper & Wiegand. About one hundred men

 

quit. work, including granite cutters, house-
siniths, derrickmnen and jour.eymen stone-
cutters

 

The Grand Prix

at the Paris Exposition

HAS BEEN AWARDED TO

Deinhard & Co.

(COBLENZ)

FOR THEIR
Rhine and Moselle Wines.

in lo

eum

for
the

bu
elp

If hb
why,

wo
walt

rej

nes

at

wo!

Bry
the

Into
disc
eve
Th

Bry