BRYAN REBUKED BY DENBY

! INA ANe
. MINISTER TO CH
10 N TERS IMPERIALISM TALK.

Bryan With Securing the Ratification
Parts Treaty So as to Pat Up a Rogte
to Fight tn the Campaign~-He Declares
That McKinley Well Deserves Re-election.
200, Aug. 26 The Hon. Charles Denby
na, a life-long Dermoorat, for a dozen
: o China.and member of the first

Charge*
of the

Cat
of India
years Minister t

aajon to the Philippines, has «iven out for

ee Hon aninterview justifying the Presi-
ae “a ey in the Philippine administration,
eet staat controverting Mr. Bryan’s attitude
one statements regarding imperialism. In his
neal Mr. Denby says:
a Bryan, having the undoubted power to
~pt the ratification of the treaty with
irs ashe lly, by his own confession, advised
aren fication, Neither in law nor in morals
can he be pern itted now toseoure political ad-
ntage from denouncing a course of conduct
chit he himself advised Surely, if a great
polltical lander goes before the country and
counsels t! atja certain law be passed, or a
solemn treaty be ratified, an indignant public
q@il| not listen to him patiently when he after-
wards denounces the) adoption of the line of

oy which he himaelf urged, All may be fair
and war, buf no public man has openly
avowed that all ie fair in polities, However
gioient the presumption may be, it is still pre-
face that political battles are
and on fraud and

poll
in love

sumed prima
waged on princi

jckery
wn fo not accuse Mr. Bryan of favoring the

adoption of the Treaty of Paris for the sake of
itieal advantage, butif he really

not

le,

? ing ap
served the th atv was bad, because it con-
veyed to us the ¢ tle to the Philippines, surely
the plainer and more honorable course would
have been to have opposed its ratification.
What he says as to his reasons for his conduct
fs: ‘I thought ft safer to trust the American
people to give independence to the F.lipinos

than to trust the accon plishment of that pur-
pose to diplomacy with an unfriendly nation.’
“Thia sounds very well indeed, and puts Mr
Bryan tn the attitude of desiring independenos
for the Philippines very ardently. What are
the Filipinos to him, or he to them? Why
dhe soardently desire that they should be

shou! ,
spared the disrace of becoming citizens of our
great Republic ° Why become so suddenly im-

pued with antagonism to the Democratic prin-
ciple of expansion as exemplified by all Dem-
coratic statesmen from Jefferson to Voorhees ?
If he could stand the annexation of Hawaill,
why balk at the acquisition of the Philippines ?

“Mr Bryan ia not slow in giving us in his own
words the reason for hisconduct. He does not
wait long to show the cloven foot. His own ex-

planation is aa follows

“'] believe that we are now ina better position
to wage a successful contest against {mperialism
than we would have been had the treaty been

rejected’
“Here, then, we have the real reason for this

strange parody of Jekyll and Hyde! He wanted
to create the bogtle of ‘imperialism"’ in order
that he might fight and overcome the monster!
If the treaty had not been ratified there would
have been no ‘Imperialism,’ and Mr, Bryan
would have falled to secure an antagonist
worthy of his splendid oratory. How simple itall
seems, now that he has explained it! If Mr.
Bryan had opposed the ratification of the treaty
the Filipinos would have gone their way, either
Into the arms of Spain, or of Germany, or into
discordant and warring petty States. At all
events he would have been done with them.
This would not have suited atall, because Mr.
Bryan wanted to wage ‘a successful contest

against imperialism.’

“As Hawali had already come peacefully une
der our rule no imperialism could be predicated
on her accession. It was necessary that the
two-headed giant should be created before
Jack the Giant Killer could overcome him; and
60 Imperialism was born, and its actual father
was William Jennings Bryan! He is now en-
deavoring to destroy his own child

“Mr. Bryan favore the right kind of expan-
sion, but he doex not favor the acquisition of
the Philippines Why, in the name of common
honesty, did he not say so when the Senate was
discussing the ratification of thetreaty? Then
was the tine for him to speak, or to forever
after hold his peace. Let it be remembered
that this extraordinary dread of imperialistic
rule comes from a gentleman who has accepted
the nomination of the fusion Populists’ or
Peoples party. It ts presumed that he is
bound {In fonar to carry out the principles of
each one of the three parties of which he is the
nominee. The Populist platform demands that
the country should own and operate the rail-
roads in the interest of the people. Is not that
imperialism?

“lf imperialism means that our own liberties
ts in danger, the allegation that William

Kinley stands for it should be laughed to
nee every audience where it is advanced.
tis aninsult to the intelligence of the American
people that a party orator should occupy him-
eelf in endeavoring to show that the citizens of

is Republic are in danger of being enslaved,

his is amrounition that has already been fired
n. Grant’s incumbenoy of the Presi-
cuney We heard all this fiery eloquence. It was
Drophesied time and time again that he would
never leave the White House except feet fore-
most; yet he quietiy walked out as all his pre-
decessora had done. Aslong as the Union ex-
ita no danger of despotism will ever come to
Bh people

“When, ifever, we are divided up into petty
Provinces a atrong ruler may seize the helm of
Cate in some of them, but as long as forty-five
united sovereign States exist our liberties are
secure. Webster said, long ago, ‘Liberty and

nion, one and inseperable.’ McKinley fought
W eave that Union, and he will fightif need be
to save our liberties, All the contest now, ap-

ently, is to show not that the Filipinos will
injured by annexation to our country, but
that we ourselves will thereby lose our liber-
ties. Even if we intended to hold the Philip-
Dines in subjection would it follow that we
would be slaves? In olden times did the South-
erner who held slaves cease to be a freeman?
To-day while he announces that he will kill the
Negroes and bulldoze them, and drive them from
the polls, and while he is endeavoring by in-
enious application of constitutional law to dis-
tanchise them. is his own liberty for these rea-
tonsin danger? We all know thatit is not

In the course of President McKinley toward
the Philippines not an actcan be found which
Indicates that he has even intended to treat
them otherwise than to secure for them the
Greatest measure of liberty until Congress
should decide what their status was to be—as
the treaty provides it shall do. He did not va-
cate the isiands on the order of Aguinaldo. As
the Executive he was bound to hold them,
although the land was sowed with dragoons’
teeth which were destined to spring up armed
men’ He had no more right to give up the ter-
ritory, which had been bought at the instance
fod request of Mr, Bryan, than Bryan has at
this moment. The land is red now with the
blood of Lawton Egbert, Stotzenberg, Logan
andmany of their comrades. It has become
Sacred soil for us-—but sentiment apart, potent
QS itis with patriotic people-—let some one indi-
cate What the President has done that he ought
hot t have done, or what he has failed to do
that he ought to have done
“ I suppose that it is idle in the present ex-
fitedstate of public feeling to argue with the
oo rats that their avowed policy is en-

anéing ten-fold the difficulties which confront
USin pacifying the islands. One cannot. how-
ever, Avoid regretting that so many of our
People are encouraging and inflaming the
saaaln to resistance. Hesistance means death

Otmany of our soldiers and to many Tagals
as we
1 Tt is believed By the insurgents that Bryan's
election will insure their independence and they
the Pneouraged to hold out. The succesa of
Itt ,Democ ratic party means success for them
of e e Tagals quit fighting andtake the oath

Slegance, onthe moment the ‘paramount
Issue’ Is dead, and ao ia the Democracy. In this
Contest the Democrats stake their allon the
fpntinuance of fighting It atrikes one as odd
oa & great party should base its hopes of suc-

til ob the killing and wounding of our troops.

‘T pot é flame of patriotism rise up over the

and which will testify thatatall hazards we
a! stand by the flag, that come what may we
disgrace, MUP our backs on the Philippines, a

faced and dishonored nation?
mai lat we may do with the Philinpines ulti-
lero ye Dot the question now. If a man be-
od mpnat they should be inderendent, this is
whieti'e time to urge that solution, As well
andy the dissolution of the ties between India
wee Ngland have bean advanced as a remedy
: e ‘e massacre of Cawnpore took place
sf ell might our troons have been withdrawn
™ China while our Minister was imprisoned.
emocratic platform on this subject

hatin’ AYOr An immediate declaration of the
Hable foburbose to give to the Filipinos, first, a
dence: art of overnment; second, indepen-
erence s 4 third, protection from outside inter-
tury to we has has been given for nearly a cen-
America e republics of Central and South
oad list of things to be done first comes ‘a
Cive thet, Of Rovernment.’ We are trying to
lauee a that now. If we retain them, the third
ye erotection.” will necessarily follow

@n ‘on we do not retain them, we should bur-

jy elves with protecting them is not

7 perceptible. The modern doctrine
lerrit to be that we may not take any foreign
‘ory for our own, but that whenever a re-

 

ublic is born we must stand as its protector.

e mustruo amuck for the mere love of run-
ning it. We must pay taxes to support warships
and armies in order that some obscure nation
may play at government. It ia unders why
we have an interest in the South American Re-

ublies—the Monroe doctrine explains that
but why we should become the Don Quixote of
the world can not be satisfactorily explained,
att us at least be honest, and when we say that
the Philippines shall be independent let us say
60 meaning what the word implies. Let the
go their way and we ours—-enemies in war an
in peace friends. Let ua have no entangling
alliances nor stand sponsor for people who are
aliens and whose abiding place is remote from
our continent

The Democratic platform does not say how
long it will be befora the ‘stable government’ i
favors will be established. It may be a hundre
years, oreven longer. The difference between
holding the Philippines until a ‘stable govern-
ment’ is eatabliahed and holding them. forever,
is, as far as practical right goes, the difference
between tweediedum and tweedliedee, We
have no more right to hold them for a term. of
years than we have to hold them forever, The
people would become confused in considering
this question, It shows how uncertain the
Democrats were of their cround when they
adopted this uncertain, halting policy

“Disguise it as vou may, the real question
before the people is whether the armies of the
United States should be withdrawn at once,
now and forever, and the islands turned over
to the Tagals Mr. Bryan would, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, have the power to fecall the
armies, and if he did he would let loose the
horrors of a terrible revolution, As nobody
advocates that course openiy it is hardly
necessary to attack it -still Mr. Bryan in some
other speech may even reach that altitude of
reck! ess ness

“We should not grant the Philippines tm-
mediate inaependence, because we have as-
sumed by the treaty obligations to the world
which we must comply with. We have also as-
eumed obligations to the friendly Filipinos, and
we should not abandon them to a dreadful fate
We have promised these people a stable gov-
ernment, and we ought to giveittothem, We
have property intereats in tne islands which
should be protected [tis desirable for us to
havea foothold in the Fast, so as to foster and
inerease our commerce. We believe that asso-
elation with us will elevate the Filipino and im-
prove his condition

“Should this prognostic prove true-—and the
Philippines take rank hereafter with Australia

would any man doubt the wisdom of our
policy in holding them? If another Canada
should be born in the tropics, may_not {ts union
with us be mutually beneflelal? Who oan tell
what the future may have in reserve for us?
We should not promise independence to the
Philippines, because such a promise would
nullify every effort that we might make for the
establishment of a government. The Filipino
would demand independence to-morrow, or the
next day, and possibly another bloody revolu-
tion would ensue

“T do not find In the Republican platform any
declaration of the policy to be pursued touch-
ing the granting of independence to the Philip-
pines. That party is not pledged either to
grantor refuse independence, and, according
to the terms of {ta platform, it may take any
action on the subject. that wisdom » pru-
dence would dictate, In the platform the party
agrees ‘to provide for the maintenance of law
and order, and for the establishment of good
government and for the performance of inter-
national obligations.’ It promises also that
‘the largest measure of self-government con-
sistent with our welfare, and our duties, shall
be secured tothem by law.’ It cannot be
doubted that, if tnese promises are carried ou}
in their spirit and intent, the results will be of
the highest benefit to the Filipinos,

“T am not defending the Republican party fa
this article, but Lam defending William McKin-
ley. He has been subjected to more abuse than
any President ever was and he_ has deserved it
as little as any oneever did. In the moat difi-
cult period of our history he has proved himself
equal to all the demands upon him. He has
acted with an eye single to the good of the coun-
try. The war with Spain was not of the Presi-
dent's seeking, but he met the fssue with ex-
alted courage. In diplomacy he displayed qual-
ties of the highest order, and in military affaira
16 was remarkably successful. He eminently
deserves reflection.”

 

WISCONSIN FOR M'KINLEY.
Gen. Bragg Says the Gold Democrats Will
Vote With the Republicans.

Curcaoo, Aug. 26.—"Wisconsin,” said Gan.
Edward 8. Brage of the Iron Brigade to-night,
“will go for McKinley by 65,000, I do not think
there is the slightest doubt of that, I find
that the Gold Democrats quite extensively tn
our neck of the woods are going to vote for Mr.
McKinley as against Mr. Bryan. There are
some Gold Democrats who have felt orphaned
for the last four years who are glad now to get
back into the fold. They have been lonesome,
but they are not in the maJorit I think it ts
probably true that all over the country the
Gold Democrata when they get to the polls are
going to be with the President.

“In Wisconsin there isn't any lack of Re-
publican enthusiasm. There anpeare to be
4 pretty general feeling that in al parte of the
world American soldiers and American officers
are doing their duty. The whole country
seems fairly well satisfied with the way things
are and that being so no swapping of horses
is likely to take place.” .

Gen. Bragg came down from his Wisconsin
home to attend the reunion of his famous bri-
gade

ODELL BY ACCLAMATION, SAYS PLATT.

 

 

And the State Convention Will Probably Re-
nominate the Rest of the Old Ticket.

Senator Platt said yesterday that|he would
start for Saratoga to attend the Republican
State Convention at 3 o’clock on Saturdcy after-
noon. “Mr. Odell," he added, ‘has withdrawn
his objection to taking the nomination and he
will be nominated by accamation. This fs as
it should be and {t will be a very popular nomi-
nation. The rest of the old tioket will probably
be renominated, so that all we have got to do is
to meet, ratify and resolute, which will take
about two days.”

Gov. Roosevelt is expected to be {n Saratoga
on Sept. 6 and make 4 rip-roaring speech in the
convention

Senator Platt and his friends said that
no candidate’ for Lieutenant - Governor
had been selected and no definite oonclu-
sion would be reached until the delegates assem-
bled at Saratoga. Geographically speaking, the
candidate for Lieutenant-Governor must come
either from New York city. which includes the
borough of Brooklyn, or the southern tier or
the Mohawk Valley, between the counties of
Oneida and Erie, which territories are not rep-
resented in the list of State offices.

 

 

SHEEP RAISERS FOR M'KINLEY.

Not One in Prosperous Kansas Expected to
Follow Bryan This Year.

Topeka, Kan., Aug. 26.—The Republican
State Committee asserted to-day that not a
farmer or stock raiser in Kansas who ralses
sheep will vote for Bryan. Bert Anderson, one
of the prominent sheep raisers of the State,
corroborates this statement. He has been in
the sheep business in Butler county for twenty
years and says he doesn't know of a single
sheep man {n all his acquaintances who will vote
for Bryan this year. He says he bas heard agood
number of Democrats declare publicly for
McKinley in the last few weeks

The Anderson Brothers got $27,000 in debt
handling sheep during Cleveland's administra-
tion, and were pretty well flattened out. Dur-
ing the McKinley Administration the Anderson
boys have sold $65,000 worth of sheep and wool
from their flocks, are out of debt, have a fine
farm and a good bank account,

In Hamilton county, far out on the
dozen former Bryan supporters have
for McKinley.

AT WORK IN THE THIRTY-FIFTH,

yiciee. a
eclared

 

Republican Club of the Ninth Election Dis-
trict to Hold a Rally.

The Republican Club of the Ninth Election
district of the Thirty-firth Assembly district
will hold a big public meeting and rally at
Liberty rlall, 156th street and Westchester
avenue, on Wednesday evening, at which its
President, Jacob Leitner, will preside. The
speaker will be John J. lin. The election
district rallies of this club have proved very
effective in working up interest among the
voters, and E. H. Heady, the leader of the
Thirty-fifth, intends to have such meetings tn
every election district

Colored Republicans Getting Ready.

The Weat Side Colored Republican Club has
{invited all of the colored Republican clubs in
Manhattan and The Bronx to_ appoint com-
mittees of five to meet at 238 West Sixty-first
street on Thursday evening in conference, The
club expecta that a colored committeeman at
large may be elected at the Saratoga Conven-
tion on Sept. 4, and it is proposed to arrange for
astrong campaign

Senator Hanna Not to Leave on Sept, 1.

Lono Branca, N. J., Aug. 26. —Senator Hanna
will not leave the Franklin Murphy cottage at
Elberon for hig home in Cleveland on Sept. 1
announ He stated to-night that he would

apend at least another Sunday at Elberon an
might prolong his visit inthe East until well

into Septem

 

 

Republican Clabs Are for Odell.

The League of Republican Clubs of this State,
of which Frederick C. Easton is President, will
hold a convention in Saratoga on Sept. 8, the
day before the Republican State Convention,
and, it is expected, will declare for the nomina=
tion of Benjamin 6. Odell for Governor.

 

a # : vow

‘THE SUN, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.

PROSPERITY’S THE ISSUE,

SAYS

 

COL. BRYAN CAN'T DODGE IT,
JOSEPH H. MANLEY.

It's the Fall Dinner Pail Against Abstract
Theortes—Under McKinley Wages and Ex-
ports Have Increased, Farmer's Are in
Clover and the Savings Hanke Filling Up.

When the Republican campaigners at the
National Headquarters in the Metropolitan
Building, 1 Madison avenue, have a moment
to spare, they devote it to wondering what
new paramount iasue Bryan has put forward
since the last reports from him were received.
Senator Soott has figured out that if Bryan
allows as much time to each plank in the Dem-
ocratic platform as “the paramount issue”
as he did to imperialism, he will run out of
paramountey about Oct. 20, and will not have
anything left to talk about. Senator Scott
says, however, that this will not prevent Col.
Bryan from talking. The Bryan habit of
changing the paramount issue every few min-
utes is something new in polities, according
to the Republican managers,
much interested in the habit.

“The Republicans have no trouble about a
paramount issue,” sald Joseph H. Manley yee-
terday. “Theirone paramount issue is the
prosperity of the country and the desirability
of continuing that prosperity. In opposition

to this great overshadowing fact of national
prosperity the Democrats and Popullats have
nothing to oppose except abstract theories.

uch theories have littleeffect on the man with
a full dinner pail, or the merchant with more
orders than he can find time to fill

“Tt is easy to assert that prosperity is great
and increasing, but the latest official figures,
both State and National, which have come
to these headquarters prove the assertion.
Take first the case of labor and wages. The
facta, as furnished by the labor organizations
themselves, show that wages have steadily
advanced under the present administration,
Here are a few typical instances of increase
during the year 1890

 

 

Wage Inerease.

 

 

 

Bricklayers and stonemasons....., . 20 per cent.
Botlermakers ceeeee 25 per cent
Carpenters... 15 per cent.
Electrical workers... 25 perwent
Machinists 40 percent
Printers see . 80 per cent
Raliroad laborers 10 per cent
Wood workers 15 per cent

“These figures, be it remembered, are as re
rted by the labor organizations themselves,
resident Gompers of the American Federatio
of Labor, tn his official report for 1807, said:
‘That terrible period for the wage earners of this
country which began in 1893 practically ended
with the dawn of 1897," andin hisreport for 18990
e said: ‘The revival of industry which we
ve witnessed within the past year is one for
general congratulation, Beyond question the
wages of the organized workers have been in-
creased,’ Mr. Gompers, moreover, as is well
known, {8 a strong Democrat. This tendency
has continued throughout 1900, Every few
days the papers tell of voluntary increases of
wages by employers.
“The atory of our export trade of late years
‘ords another {llustration of the comparative
effect upon business and labor of the policies of
the two parties. Look at this table of the value
of our exports:

1800 (Harriaon).......... cece eeceeeecces $845,208, 828
1692 (Harrison) ... eee 1,015,782,011
1894 (Cleveland) .... 860,204,037
1895 (Cleveland) 703,592,599

:082,007,603

1497 (McKinley)... 1
1'210,201,913

1

1

1494 (McKinley
1899 (McKinley) .203,031,222
1900 (McKinley) 370,403 022

“The figures for July, just issued, show that
the increase ia «till going on, the exports in
that month having amounted_to §$100,000,000,
or $6,000,000 more than in July 1890. The
amount of exports for the year ending June
30, 1900, as above shown, was by far the largest
in our history. The vast and steady increase
since the years of the last Democratic adminis-
tration cannot but compel attention, as also
the drop in the figures of that administration
below the figures of the Harrison adminis-
tration.

“Of the exports for 1900, 31 per cent. was o
manufactures and 6! per cent. of agricultura
products. This leads naturally to a considera-
tion of the farming industry. The statistics
show that the farmers have prospered under
McKinley’s Administration equally with the
manufacturers, merchants and artisans. The
total value of horses, sheep and cattle in the
United States in January 1806, was $1,541,-
396,380; in January, 1900, §$2,042,840,418--an In-
orease under McKinley of $501 444,474, or nearly
88 '-3 per cent. The increase in New Yor
State, by the way, has been $26,426,055, in New
Jersey, $2,262,704. Every single State and
Territory shows an increase, and not one a
decrease. The value of the principal crops
bas been much greater under McKinley than
under the preceding Democratic low-tariff
Administration. For example, the value of
the wheat crop was, in round numbers, $255,-
000,000 in 1894, and $302,000,000 in 1898, Of course
the value of a crop depends greatly
on {ts size and quality, but it also depends
greatly upon the demand for it, at home and
abroad, and the official tables show that in
1804 the wheat retained for domestic consum-
tion was only 3.41 bushels per capita and the
export of wheat was 164,000,000 bushels, while
in 1808 the amount retained for domestic con-
sumption was 4.21 bushels per capita, and the
export was 217,000,000 bushels. The export
price per bushel in the two years named was
reapectively 67 cents and #6 cents. The figures
for corn, cotton and other important crops
are similar to those for wheat
od index of a nation's prosperity {s

 

“A go
found “in the records of the savings banks
The following figures are instructive and con-
vincing:

Increase of savings banks deposits dur

ing Cleveland's first administration $56,570,014

Harrison's administration ** 198,680,754
Cleveland's second administration 77,818,615
Three yearsof McKinley see + 160,303,761

 

WARNING TO CROKER.

Hamilton Williams Respectfully Informs the
Tammany Chieftain That He's Doomed.

Dr. Hamilton Williams, the flery, Coroner's
physician, who has taken up the cudgels for
John C. Sheehan and at the meetings of Mr.
Sheehan's supporters in the Ninth Assembly
district has furiously attacked Richard Croker
and Chief Devery, sent to THE SUN last night the
following copy of a letter he has forwarded to

the Tammany chieftatn:
948 Weat FOURTEENTH STREET,
“New YORK, Aug. 26, 1900

“To Mr. Richard Croker, Democratic Club, City:

“Srp: You have ordered your Coroners to drive
me from office upon trumped-up charges. I
defy you. You made a like attempt last year
and failed. Shall you fail this year? I care
not--1 despise you

“But I do care fora few young men who en-
tered politics some time since, anticipating,
by the way, your recent counsel, unaware that
your polities are not American politics; but
your English pocket. They chose. as I did
hetween John Sheehan and vour creature

“The fathers now walk idly, for they lost
their jobs; the worried mothers strive to make
the infrequent bread loaf go unduly far, their
forms flatten and their rest is broken by the
nightly whimperings of marasmic infants

“Well! What of it?  Nothing--absolutely
nothing the merest incident in the campaign
of a Paretic Dement for the State leadership
What a mercy that no young politicians have
taken seriously vour denunciation of the trusta

their end had been oblivion and the pit

“You have thought well ‘to enter into judg-
ment with thy servant.’ Now. mark me,
Croker, and¥mark well! When I have spoken
my last word, you will sink beneath the ban
of every God-fearing man of the land and
city who holds as the apple of his eye the clean-
liness and integrity of the family relation and
the sanctity of the home

"You are doomed. For the present, I am, sir,
yours respectfully, AAMILTON WILLIAMS,

Coroner's Physician for the borough of Man-
hattan in your city of New York.”

 

HELPING COLER'S BOOM.

The Franchise Tax League to Hold Another
Meeting to Advocate His Views.

Another meeting inthe interest of the fran-
chise tax and municipal ownership and {n op-
position to the Ramapo water scheme will be
held at the Sturtevant House on Wednesday
evening under the auspices of the Franohise
Tax ard Municipal Ownerebip League, which
demands the nomination of Comptroller Coler
as the Democratic candidate for Governor,
The meeting, jt ie announced, will be addressed

by John itt Warner, Francis M. Bixby
John G. Boyd Henry, Nichols, C. Augustus
MeLaughiin and Bartley

Haviland, William G
J. Wright

Congressman Underhill Won't Ran Again.

New Rocngiasg, Aug. 26.--Congressman John
Q. Underhi!! has sent a letter to the Democratic

county committee in which he declines to be a
candidate for renomination in the Sixteenth
Serres, comprising Westchester county and a
of the borough of. The Bronx e Bays
at his business demands his time and that his
health would not permit bim to serve another
term. Mr. Underhill is a gold Democrat and
wared with the Republicans on the currency
bill

 

 

Kansas Popalists to Accept Stevenson.

Torexa, Kan., Aug. 26 —The Kansas members
of the Populist National Committee, Jerry

Simpson, John W. Breidenthal and Congress-
man Ridgiey, left for Chicago to-night to at-
tend the meeting of the National Committee.

They are instructed to vote for the substitution

3 Stevenson's name for Towne for Vice-Preast-
ent.

and they are

STONE TO COMMAND IN NEW YORK.

Bryan's Eastern Campaign to Be Run From
This City-Gorman Will Heip.

Curcaoo, Aug. 26.--The Democratic National
Committee will establish branch headquarters
in New York next Wednesday. W. J. Stone,
former Governor of Missouri and vice-chair-
man of the National Committee, will be in
charge. His associates in campaign manage-
ment there will be Arthur Pue Gorman of
Maryland, D. J. Compan of Michigan, J. M,
Guffey of Pennsylvania, Norman ack of
New York and Congressman J, D, Richardson
of Tennessee

Campaigving in all the territory east of the
Alleghany Mountains will: be under the direc-
tlon of the Eastern headquarters, with the pos-
sible addition of Ohio. The planning for this
Eastern venture has been'In progress ever
since Chairman Jones returned from New

 

York. The ohief difficulties have been
to enlist former Senator Gorman and
get promises of a campaign fund suffic-

lent to carry on the Eastern work, W. J. Stone
and Congresecman Richardson were here last
week with Chairman Jones, eyaightening ous
the last kinks, and they went from here East.
From Mr. Stone word came yesterday that all
reliminary work had been done, and that the
Vestern managers would meet in New York on
Wednesday.

 

POLITICAL NOTES,

 

The Governor of Georgia, population tn 18090
1,400,000, receives $3,000 a year salary; the Gov-
ernor of New Jersey, population tn 1490 1,400,000,
receives $10,000, There will be a State election in
Georgia on Oct. 3.

The Board of Public Improvements ts not neglectful
of the public weal The Volunteer Steam Fire Engine
Company, 4, of Maapeth. borough of Queens, pe-
titioned for a fire bDydrant fronting its premises on
Maspeth avenue, and the local board of the aforenamed
borough, in meeting assem bled on the 10th of August,
declaring ites apprectation of aervices which such or-
ganiration is ever ready to render to the public, has
resolved that prompt response should be made tothe
desire of said company. There is, however, no hy-
dranton Maspeth avenue as yet.

 

Henry J. Coggeshall who has not been renominated
in the Utica district for the Senate was until his re-
tirement, the ‘Father of the Senate,” having served
continuously tn that body since 1444. Prior to his
election to the Senate Mr. Coggeshall was an Aasem-
blyman for one term Mr. Coggeshall succeeded a
Democrat as Senator.

Since the death of Senator Gear of Iowa there are
ten Senators who have been Governors of their respec-
tive States, They are Measrs. Proctor of Vermont.
Berry of Arkansas, Hawley of Connecticut, Cullom of
Illinots, Bate of Tennessee, Perkins of Callfornta,
Shoup of Idaho, Tillman of South Carolina, Foraker
of Ohio and Culberson of Texas Of these, six are
Republicans and four Democrata The terms of
Senators Shoup, Tillman, Berry and Cullom, two
Democrats and two Republicans, expire on March 4,
1901,

Thirty-nine of the fifty members of the last Albany
State Senate had previous experience in the Legi«da-
ture. Four are candidates for renomination this
year. 7

Texas will vote this year on a proposed amendment
to the Constitution of that State authorizing taxation
for irrigation in some of the counties.

 

 

The Republican Congressional Committee {s look-
ing for gains to the Republican membership of the
next House from two sections of the country—New
York city and the far West. Intbis ality every one of
the Congressional! districts, in each of the four bor-
oughs chose a Democrat In 1498, and Repubilcan
gains, especially in Brooklyn, are probable. In the
far Weat the subsidence of the proativer sentiment
among former Republicans is accounted an element
{nthe situation unfavorable to Democrats and their
Populist allies, Advices to Washington indicate that
there will be no Republican gainsin the South and no
Democratic gains tn New England, There ts
probability of Republican losses in a few Southern
States.

 

Two large excursions, the closing outings of the
present season, left West Side districts, the Seventh
and Ninth respectively, on Thursday last, under the
auspices of Tammany Hall. The Seventh district
outing under the direction of James W. Boyle was a
success. There were 20,000 persons in attendance.
The Ninth district outing under the direction of Coun-
ciiman Goodman was not up to the expectation of its
managers The attendance was about 1,000, and the
advocates of Mr. Sheehan's leadership of Tammany
in the Ninth district are much elated by the poor show-
ing made by their opponents.

 

Towa ts one of the States fn which there are biennial
sessions of the Legislature, but in which there are an-
nual elections for State officers, the Governor being
chosen in the off-years and the Secretary of State and
minor officers being chosen tn the alternate years
when mem bers of Congress are voted for. It is proposed
by constitutional amendment to alter this election pro
vision so that all the State officers should be voted
for and elected on the same day. This year the office
of Secretary of State is the most important to be
filled.

 

There will be 5,200 polling places In this year's
election In New York State, and an average change
of ten votes in each from the McKinley to the Bryan
column from the vote of four years ago would repre-
sent a change of 104,000 votes Mr. McKinley's
plurality was 268,000 in 1496, and such a change as
sanguine Democrats are Hguring on would leave the
Republican lead 144,000. The majority against
Hill, when defeated for Governor by Levi P. Morton
in 1894, was 166,000,

It ts predicted in Alabama that Senator Morgan,
now 76 years old, will stayin the Senate until he ts
45, the close of his next succeeding six years’ term.

 

Albany county, N. ¥., has had unlfformly the same
representation in the Assembly under six appoint-
ments, four members. No other county in the State
having more than one member has retained during
this period the same representation.

 

The total vote on the constitutional amendment in
North Carolina disfranchising colored citizens was
$10,502. The total vote of North Carolina in the
Presidential election of 1896 was 830,000, 20,000
more votes than were cast on Aug. 2. The vote for
the amendment was 142,217 and against the amend-
ment 128,255, a majority for the amendment of
63,932. cams

David B. Hill was first elected to the Assembly tn
1470. Hehadamong his colleaguesin that Assem-
bly Willlam W. Goodrich of Brooklyn, Smith M.
Weed of Clinton, Thomas G. Alvord of Onondaga,
Webster Wagner of Montgomery, Timothy J. Camp-
bell of New York, DeWitt C. Littlejohn of Oswego
and L. Bradford Prince of Queena In the succeeding
Assembly. of which Mr. Hill was a member, Samuel
J. Tilden of New York, George West of Saratoga and
Henry Smith of Albany were members.

The next Constitutional Convention for the revision
of the organic law of the State will be beld in 1016,
unless the Legislature shall meanwhile provide for
submitting to the voters of the State the question
whether such 4 convention shall be called sooner.

A scrutiny of the lists of oMceholders under the Mu-
nictpal Government on July 1, 1900, shows them to
have numbered on that date 43,081, of whom 9,943
were policemen and firemen, 11,177 school teachers
and Board of Education employees, and 7,494 labor-
ers. Since Jan. 1, 1894, when consolidation went
into effect, 10,000 appointments have been made and
5,000 “holdovers"” have been retained.

There are more Daturalized Hollanders exercising
the rightof suffrage in New Jersey than there are in
New York and more than twice as many in Michigan
than in New York and New Jersey combined.

 

The acceptance by the Tammany Hall organization
this year of the Democratle deputy superintendents
of election under the metropolitan election law will
bring considerable additional patronage to that or-
ganization, though @ very considerable number of
the former appointees In this department have been
Tammany Hall men. This year’s appropriation for
the metropolitan election district expenses, under
State regulation, ts $197,400.

The Democrats of Wisconsin have not been regard-
less of the claims of minor towns in their nomina-
tlons this year. Thelr candidate for Governor, Louls
Bobmrich. ts a resident of Kenosha, a town of less
than ten thousand inbabitants noted for its factories
of wire mattresses. The candidate for Lieutenant-
Governor is from Waushara, the candidate for State
Treasurer from Pall Creek, the candidate for Rail-
road Commissioner from Antigo, a lumi&r town
noted for the manufacture of barrel hoops, and the
candidate for Superintendent of Education from
Beaver Dam. All the present State officers in Wis-
consin are Republicans.

 

Killed by a Rockaway Beach Train.

A poorly dressed man was struck by a Brook-
lyn elevated train bound for Rockaway Beach,

about Ove hundred feet north of Aqueduct
station laet night. He was ipstan Y. killed. A
oo 20 cents was the only thing in

MARE’SNEST M’GUIREFOUND

DEMOCRATS AMUSED BY HIS &TAe
TIONERY DISCOVERY. ’

 

 

 

Chairman Campbell Says That Mr. Murphy or
Any Other Member of the Executive Com-
mittee Had the Right to Use Its Omictal
Letter Paper—Some History Recalled,

Democrats hereaboutsa were amused yester-
day over the discovery of the Hon, James K,
MoeGuire, Mayor of Syracuse and chairman of
the Executive Committee of the Democratic
State Committee, that somebody in New York
city had sent out invitations on the official
letter paper of the committee to up-State Dem-
ocrata to come here and consult with other
Demoeratsa, Mayor Me(iuire says that he is
coming to New York to make an investigation.
Democrats friendly to Mr. Croker, Mr. Murphy
and the Kings county Democrats are said to
have committed this unholy oTenees
Chairman Frank Campbell of the State Com-
mittee seemed to have taken the matter in
the right spirit and save that if Mr. Croker
or Mr. Murphy or any member of the Executive
Committee used the letter paper of the com-
mittee it was his right and province so to do,
It was said that Mr. McGuire ts taking himeelf
too seriously. The members of the Executive
Committee appointed by Chairman McGuire
himself are Mr. Hill, Mr. Murphy, Mr.
Croker, Mr. McLaughlin, Elliot F. Dan-
forth, Perry Belment, John Whalen, Ar-
thur A. MelLean, Conrad Dieb!, Jobn L.
Shea, Jacob Gerling, William F. Grell, Frank
D. Creamer, Charles N. Bulger, John J.
Kennedy and Thomas H. Dowd, According
to party custom and usage any of
thease members has an undisputed right
to use the letter paper of thelr own
committee, either for political or personal
communications. In times past it has been
known that the Executive Committeemen have
used the letter paper of their own committee
for business, social and all sorts of uses, not for-
getting even to write to their very best girls on
this paper if they felt disposed todoeo, Nobody
ver discovered a mare's nest in this before Mr.
Meauire came to reigh over the committee
Then Mayor MeGuire’s friends suddenly
discover that the letter PART of the committee
has been used to bring Hill Democrats to New
York in the hope of converting them to the
Croker-Murphy-Kings county Democratic
wing of the Democratic combine. All Demo-
crata familiar with such matters agreed yes-
terday thatauch a proceeding was entirely
legitimate and within the atrict code of fac
tional warfare. These Democrats _ recalled
nt history at Saratoga, where Mr. Hill,
t. Danforth, Mr. McGuire and Mr. Cam
bell engaged in a conspiracy to name Mr. Mo-
Guire temporary chairman of the convention
before the delegates to the convention had
been elected ana fully a month before the con-
vention was to assemble his step was oon-
trary to the usages of the Democratic party
and none knew this better than Mr. Hill him-
self, who has attended every State Convention
his party since 1872. Mr. Croker, Mr. Murphy
and 8 ings county Democrats were
am when Mr. Hill attempted to jam through
6 meeting of the State Committee Mr. Dan-
orth’s resolution naming Mr. McGuire tem-
por chairman of the convention. In no
way had they been consulted. It was just a
plain. ordinary subterranean Hill trick, ccord-
ng to those present on that occasion, and it
was defeat Yet Mr. McGuire's friends
at the Hoffman House on Saturday were aa-
tound because members of the Executive
Committee had sent invitations to Democrats
up the State to come here and aid in a move-
ment to make Senator McCarren of Kings
temporary chairman of the convention
w “Why shouldn't Senator McCarren become
an aspirantifor this honorable place just as
well as Mr. Me(Giuire?” was the question put forth
by Democrats yesterday.” No reason under the
sun'" was the response. Senator McCarren
has been a Democratic warrior since 1882, long
before Mayor McGuire had put on the ewaddling
clothes of Democracy. Senator MeCarren’s
services to the Democratic party have come
in for marked recognition in Brooklyn, Wash-
ington and Albany
inally, all Democrats agreed that Mr.
Croker‘and Mr. Murphy and their friends op
the Executive Committee had quite aa muc
right to attempt to elect Mr. MoCarren_tempo-
rary chairman of the convention as Mr. Hill,
William F. Sheehan, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Dan-
forth, and even Mr. McGuire himself, had to
ttempt to elect Mr. McGuire at maretoge by
surreptitious methods. There is a good deal
of buncombe and humbug going on in both
factions of the Democratic party of the State

of

just at this time, It couldn't help be other
wise when every man of the seven-
ty-two delegates went to Kansas City and

put forward his best efforts to have a buncombe
financial plank inserted in the national plat-
form, In a word, the Democrats, not only of
the State, but of the nation are putting up a
humbugeing and fraudulent campaign This
McGuire mare's nest is merely an episode. It
would have been all right had that Hill tricky
prevailed at Saratoga and he had been nam
temporary chairman of the convention con-
trary to the custom of the Democratic party
in the State for sixty years and more. ut it
failed and now, forsooth, McGuire's friends
are greatly disturbed over an effort to select
Senator McCarren temporary chairman of the
convention the night before the convention
{s to assemble, which is according to time hon-
ored party methods

Democrats at the Hoffman House said last
evening that the State Committeeman who
refi on Saturday to pledge himself for
Senator McCarren for the temporary chair-
manship of the State Convention, as was told
in THe Sun of yesterday morning, was Mr,
Borst of Amsterdam

The Democrats also added that all the talk
of compromise in the Democratic row came
undoubtedly from the Hillfactionof the party,
and they said that the experience of politicians
who have known the men for years had been
that when Hill was ina fight and there was talk
of a compromise it usually meant that Mr.
Hill himself was ready to accept any deter-
mination which the other side might reach.

A STUBBORN NEWFOUNDLAND,

 

Understood Only German and Refused to Be
Arrested by American Cops.

' ‘Three bors holding on to the collar ofa big

Newfoundland dog at Broadway and Thirtieth
street last night prompted Policeman Aiken to
ask who owned the dog. The boys said they
didn't know, but each was willing to take the
dog if the others would let go of its collar.
Aiken concluded that the dog was lost and that
the place for it was the police station, He
grabbed the brute’s collar and started with it
to the Tenderloin station. Near Sixth avenue
the dog took a notion to back-pedal, and Aiken
had to turn it around a couple of times to get it

tarted again. Aiken finally got his prisoner

fore Sergt. Murtha. He was explaining to
the sergeant where he got the dog and the ser-
geant was entering it on the blotter when the
animal broke away and darted out the door.

“Catch him,” yelled Murtha. “We oan't let
him escape, because I've entered him on the
blotter.”

The perspiring Aiken put after tne dog and
caughtitatSeventhavenue. A crowd gathered
and guyed Aiken when his quarry showed no
disposition to be taken back to the station
Two other policemen were sent to Aiken's
assistance, and in the course of half an hour
they managed to drag, push and shove the
dog infront of the station

It absolutely refused to climb the steps again
and wouldn't be pushed up Serge. Murtha
and acting Captain Burns tried to ooax the dog
into the station ay patting its head and calling
it pet names, hut It wouldn't budge. Finally,
the dog's captors gotit inside the iron railing
in front of the building and down intothe cellar,
where they tied it to a door .

The dog's collar bore the name of Ernest
Richtet of 228 West Twenty-ninth street. An
hour after it was found two German women
came to the police station and claimed It.

“We hada tough time with that dog," said
Serge. Murtha “We couldn't coax him or
drive him.”’

**ach, dot dog's name is Fidoes," said one of
the women. “He understands noddings but

German.”

 

 

Asbury Cottage Robbed.

Aspury Pank, N. J, Aus. 26.—Early this
morning the cottage of Cornelius C. Vermeule
at 408 Second avenue was robbed of silverware
to the value of $150. Thethief wasa negro. He
went into Mr. Vermeule’s room and was mak-
ing his way tothe bureau when the occupant
awoke. Mr. Vermeule pursued the thief, but
he escaped. Heleft behind a bottle of ac'd, and
the stains on the silverware showed that he had
tested it to see if it was solid. The Vermeules
live at East Orange.

J. W. Hendrie Gives 610,000 to a Church,

Stamrorp, Conn., Aug. 26--At a meeting of
the society of the Firat Congregational Church

of Sound Beach last night the announcement
was made formally of a donation to the chur
of $10,000 by John W. Hendrie, the well-known
hilanthropist. The donation is to forma fund
‘o be applied to the general expenses of the
ehurch Frusteoa were appointed to hold it.

Poison Burned, So She Spat it Out,

PATER#ON, N. J., Aug. 26.—Phanbe Grant at-
tempted to commit suicide this afternoon at her
home in Haledon by drinking oarbolic agid.
When she found that the poison was burning
per tongue and throat she tried to spit it out.

he taken enough, however, to burn her
tongue in a terrible manner, She will recover.

rr

SSS SS sss SS SS SSS 7 :

 

TRADE MARK

Small Stee! Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

This gas is a great aid to digestion, a check on the desire for

liquor, and a remedy for nausea.
delicious snap to every liquid to
which it is added, from milk and
cold tea, to still wine of every

kind. Try it with Sauterne.
Mineral — tablets

syrups furnished.

Pint bottles, $1.50 upwards.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 upwards.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box),

Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

 

All Druggists.

and fruit

Write for Booklet.

Besides all this it gives a

   

25 cts.

 

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.,

Row IN A NEGRO CHURCH.

Minister Wouldn't Let Edwarde Pass the Plate
~Polloeman Called In,

The troubles of the Bridge Street A. M BE.
Church tn Brooklyn that began fourteen months
ago, when the Rev. John A. Henderson was re-
appointed pastor by Bishop Derr-ck n defi-
ance to the wishes of many of the congrega-
tion, culminated yesterday morning in a lively
scene in the church. James L. Edwards, the
President of the Board of Trustees, who was
expelled by the Rev. Mr. Henderson two weeks
ago was an active figure in the row.

Just before the conclusion of the services,
the choir started to sing“We re Marching On
to Zion.” Mr. Edwards advanced to the altar
and took the collection plates as if to distribute
them to the elders and deacons who take up

the collection.

“Stop that music! Stop that music!” shouted
Mr. Henderson, and then he turned to Mr.
Edwards. “I will have to ask you to leave this
church,” he said, “as you are an expelled mem-
ber, You cannot pass those plates.”

“I will pass them,” said Edwards, “and
neither you nor anybody keep me from
doing 80. I was elected by the people of this
church and I will not allow you to dictate to
me or to rob me of my rights.

The men of both factions began to press
close to the pulpit, The majority of the women
in the church started to leave, asit looked as
if there was going to be a row. Pastor Hen-
derson ordered that a policeman be summoned.
Policeman McGuire of the Adams street sta-
tion entered the church and Pastor Hender-
son asked him to remove Edwards aa the latter
was an expelled man and was interrupting
the services

“I am not an expelled member.” hotly re-

lied Edwards, org is a letter from the

ishop of this diocese showing that my expul-
sion was illegal.”

The policeman read the letter and then said
that he did not_know just what Lf do. He
suggested that Edwards withdraw in the in-
terest of peace.

‘I will go because you, an offloer of the law,
ask me to,” replied Edwards, “but that ts
the only reason. I want to do nothing illegal,
as a man here has been doing.

He then left the church and the policeman
had his hands full in keeping the congregation
quiet. The women hurled remarks at each
other across the aisles and the men made threat-
ening gestures. Finally Maguire told them that
the service had better be declared closed and

left the church. The wrangling was re-
newed on the sidewalk, but Maguire quickly
made the church members move on.

The women belonging to the faction that is
opposed to Mr, Henderson, however, were
more obdurate. They declared that they
were going to wait until Mr. Henderson left
the church and would show bing, what they
could do with their parasols, hey waited
for over an hour at Bridge street and Myrtle
avenue, but Mr. Henderson did not leave the
church. Finallythey departed and a few min-
uteslater Mr. Henderson came out of the
church and went down the street.

At the service = night Mr. Heng n
announced that he had wri to op
asking to be relieved of the charge, and that
he thought that his request would be ted.
The board of trustees of the diocese will meet
at Flushing, L. 1, tomorrow to consider the
matter.

KNOCKED OUT BY NEGRO THIBVES.

 

 

 

SSS

 

 

Station Agent at Arlington Junction, Va.,
Sandbagged and Robbed.

@WasurnoTon, Aug. 26.—Charles\W. Buokley,
station agent at Arlington Junotion, Va., on the
Washington, Alexandria and Mount Vernon
Railroad, was assaulted to-night and robbed by
two negroes, who escaped. The junction is be-
tween Washington and Alexandria {n a lonely

lace and the neighborhood is infested with
Bad negroes. Buckley was seated in the office
about 7 o'clock to-night when a stone was
thrown through the window, striki him on
the back of the head A moment later two
negroes entered, beat him into insensibility and
made off with the contents of the oash drawer.
The next train stopped because no signals were
received and Buckley was found just reviving.
He will recover,

GIVES HIMSELF UP.

 

Frank Corcoran of St. Johnsbary, Vt., Says
He Is Wanted for Larceny.

F Ayoung man whosaid thathe was Frank Cor-
coran, 26 years old, walked into Police Headquar-
ters Saturday night and asked to be locked up.
He said that he was a fugitive from justice
from Vermont, where he was wanted for the
larceny of $3,000 from the Metropolitan Stock
Company of St. Johnsbury. He said that he
ad been manager of the concern and that he
ad run away five weeks ago with $3,000. He
was arraigned in the Centre street police court
yesterday morn 8 by Magistrate Pool and
will be held until the Vermont authorities oan
be communicated with,

 

 

WHEN NOTHING

B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

BRYAN’S PLANS FOR A WERK

AT HOME UNTIL WEDNESDAY, WHEN
HE LEAVBS FOR CHICAGO,

Te Address the G. A. R. Encampmené-Witl
Stay There Until the Following! Moadey
~The First Part of the Week Is to Be
Devoted to His Letter of Acceptance,

LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 26.—Mr. Bryan came
back home this morning in time to go to church.
fils pastor is also home and this morning
preached upon “Heaven and How to Reach
It." After dinner Mr. Bryan drove out to the
farm, which has been sadly neglected in recent
stirring times.

Mr. Bryan will devote every spare moment
now to work upon his letter of acceptance,
which has also been receiving scant attention.
In this, he says, he proposes to take up each
issue as presented in the platform.

The President's inability to attend the Chicago
reunion will make no difference in Mr. Bryan's
plans. Hesaid this evening that he wouldleeve
on Wednesday night for Chicago, and on the
following day expected to keep his appointment
to address the veterans. His plans for the
next few days are undetermined as yet, but

 

as he will speak in Chicago the followi on-
day he will probably remain there end
advantage o'

0 the opporwualty to advise with
the National Committee.

No date has yet been set for the Silver Re-
publican notification, and none will be fixed
until Mr. Bryan has had time to write a speed
in response. is plans beyond the first
in September have not been formula: but
it is expected that his conference wi
campaign managers in Chicago will be fo!
by an announcement of a speechm

Mr. Bryan's relinquishment of his
pian to make a front porch campaign

rought pain to the various hotel keepers
had refit and enlarged their houses on
strength of that announcement. Thus
Mr. Bryan has becn called upon for but

hes from his front porch, and two o
these were to local organizations, while the
number of distinguished visitors has been
very small. No ezcurstoas have been a~
ranged and no attempt will he made to have

any.
The activity of the Prohibitionist organtsa-
tion Is causing considerable uneasiness among
the Democrats. Headquarters have
opened, arrangements are being made to air-
culate literature d a_ speakers’ bureau
being organized he Prohibition
tial nominee, Mr. Woolley, is to come to Ne
braska for a dozen speeches next month. Pre-
vious to 1806 the Prohibitionists and Derm-
oorats had nothing in common, but “
personal popularity and his free ve
attracted to his support nearly four
members of the one-time thir pary’
Chairman Wolfenbarger, himself a Bryan
man four years , says the party has -
ered from its infatuation and that nine-

as
Ww

of Bry Prohibivonisis will vo or
Wecltty: ratte a number of Woolley
have made their appearance.

Vice-Chairman Fdmiston and Secretary
p4 erton of the Populist National Committee
left to-day for Chicago to attend the meeting

of the National Committee on Thursday.

make the confident claim that when it comes
to _selecting a ealta an tt, to Towne, Stevenson
will have a majority of from twenty to thirty,

 

SALLY IS LOCKED UP AT LAST.

She Will Get Her First Ride to Jefferson Mam
ket This Morning.

Bally is locked up. At last her long-delayed
wish to have a free ride in the patrol wagon
will be gratified. The Tenderloin policemen
all know her as “Old Sally.” She calls herself
that. She isa heavyweight colored “mammy.”

Over a year ago she began to appear mo
in front of the West Thirtieth street

station. Her vine we qoloee, when the
prisoners arrested the night before are
ready to be conveyed to Jefferson feng
court.

Whenever the patrol wagon hacked at
the curb the uniformed driver and atte t
were always greeted by Sally. When the
woman prisoner was bundled into the patro
wagon “Old Sally's” face lighted up with
The last Qfisoner she always greeted with a
guffaw. Then the wagon started away ries
parting shotinvariably was:

“Ha' Ra! Hal Youatn't got Old Bally yet.”

Yesterday afternoon “Old Sally” got mi
up in a fight with a negro on Seventh avenue.
She had the hest of the fight when a policeman
rrived. That is how “Old Sally” came to

ave a ride in front of her this morning.

To Preach in Coney's Streets,
The Rev. L. G, Broughton of Atlanta, Ga, ame
nounced {n the course of his sermon at the Han-

son Place Baptist Church, Brooklyn, ypeterday
that he had decided to hold a series of revi
meetings in the streets of Coney Isiand,

  

that is suggested for breakfast sounds good, try

Cook’s

It is da

builder.

on
oa

+
re

 

Oo

Pe

x

 

Flaked Rice.

inty, delicate and satisfying; rel-

ished by every member of the family,
and desirable for the brain worker, the
hand worker, the romping boy, the
invalid,

and the baby. It isa tissue
. Forms fat without heating.

Can be prepared at the table.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.
All Grocers. Large Package, 15 cts,

COOKS FLAKED RICE CO,

| UNION SQUARE, N, Y. CITY,