a

 

i
/

er Ree EET ek

 
    

SPORT ON THE SPEEDWAY. |

Too WARM FOR COBWEBS, BUT SEV.
ERBAL GOOD BRUSUBS OCCUR.

Dr. David Randell's Pacer T. N. B. Beats Some
of the Old Favorttes--Homet Davenport's
, Carleton in Two Close Fintshes-Some of
| Nathan Straus's String for Sale—Goselp, |
Nathan Straus arrived In the city early yes |
terday morning from his summer Fer dence |
at the Thousand Islands, and alinost Imme-
diately visited his uptown stables to see how |
his horses were feeling His noted roadster, |
Cobwebs, Was hooked to a one-man bike Wagon
and be started for a drive on the Speedway,
By the time Mr. Straus reached the top of the |

 

viaduct at 156th street he came to tie con-
clusion that neither himself nar his chestnut
champion would enjoy a drive under auch
asun. He turned the horse in under the sheds

 

enc then sought what breeze there wason the |

poren |
“Cobwebs knew that the weather was too

eultry for adrive,” sald Mr. Straus with @ quict

ginile: “coming up the via luet he almost stopped
two or three times, ant looked around at ine

¢ ‘ ale
@oil tosay that it was not a good Gay for Spee.

way work.’
Albof Mr. Straus's roadceters have been turned
se were withurawn |

out at Oracel Farm sitioe the
he aoe faken up |

from the Spee iway Cobw

 

it to the cits He

a few dats ago and bron }
fs looking as slick and clean Huibed as a tWor |
yea:-old. Froddy arrives from the farm yes.
teruy. Alves, Maincea ana Gur dack will |

 

« ia to be

 

  

    

  

    
 
 

 
   

  

CRICKET.
Records of the Players tn the Metropolitan
League.

The eleventh annual competition of the
Metropolitan District Cricket L#ague to decide
the cricket championship of New York was
brought to a conclusion on Saturday, when
the Knickerbockor A. C., present hol jerg of the
peniant, aided another trophy to their collec.
tien The series of games this year was better
contested than ever before and, unlike the
contests of former seasons, every match was
well fought out and the final resting place of
the pennant was an open Question until the

last garnes of the series

Only one more game remains to be played
in the eortes of the New York Cricket Associa-
fior The records of the clubs in thig series

bave been chauged by the action of the Kearny
eleven | sithdrawing from the competition,

In aceordance with the fules, all unplayed

games count as Victories for their opponents,
and the Kearny standing suffers In cong

quence Lhe records
METROPOLITAN LEAGUE
ber her
Won. Laat. Cent. Won, Lost. Cent
K AC 6 1 AGT? = Manhatt'nt 8.250
lavi g#t'a$d , 714 New Vork 0 5 000

Montelatr 2 8 400

Drawn Games. Kolekerbocker A. C., 1; LAvingston

F C,1, Monielatr A. ©, 2: Manhattan © C. 4: new
4 1; New

York (2 C., 3. (he Games Monteate A

York &, 4 }

NPW TORK CRICKER ASSOCIATION

Per rer

Woe. Loat Cent Won, Low. Cent
PutersonaA.o j ow N‘s'nt'ge& 6 333
Kins ¢ 7 a 700 | Kearny. ..3 ” 272
Krookiyn .6 4 eno | Man di ..8 + Yel
Patersontis 4 uo

Drawn games Paterson Team A 2: Kings County,
Hlrookien, 2: Paterson Team D8; Nelson Lodge,

   

 

be aideli to the etring Quer j
up 1 ii) be turned ove® | 2. Kearny, !) Manhattan TL, 1 Forfeited game
wol. aud eure : 1 pers | Kearns 2 to Manhattan Ib, 1 to Mrooklyn, 1 to
to Tratmer Caine Pas ’ | Pater wn ‘Team B
haps entered In some of the late full faces in lat » test for the beastue batting average
cas Sean get tn shape for fast work by that) Pod Prendergast of the Manhattan ©. C, easily
uM on d he had led to aell | won the prize with @ tece rd of 67 24 for olaht
= pitirr “ Ka n that * co «i Lite His naggregate of 458 rus
BEV of his string Tor the tes Aue YT ia tn roost ever made ia the Isague games
Bo pany of thers he had ot « eo! d «urpasaee by 170 the record of the next
Uainted with Hier Ways oF to OS Wie | ft seorar this venr M. R. Cobb won the
bs his wa iit tei ye ” AN ‘ Ae | a prize with thirty-two wickets fe mn
Our Jack ren sin his po we WHET Aoinee, A mast creditable record, conside g
be hooked \ vith Abs i breday or | | nroved standard of batting. F, F. Kelly
Our J ! rem tit Af Straus | al.o did @F { work, althiongl hit three wickets
will ¢ at @ rave for eiett-two rains on Saturday did not help
ut the hinpirs City ft sept S. Ele d fig'ire’ fhe avercg
- } es i
yreaned | hope | eo nee uportae RATIING AVERAGES
Prompted auring te § acs Non Most
arin the i pedway there woe a lot of brtishing | ‘ oe J Inve Out int ane Rune Aver.
. ' | noderga
Aespite thelient 11 " rae ty AULA scaees 8 0 124 454 5725
the @ray | H., 2:4 fr hw. R Gatlby, Lis
Meutre about four weeks age, fe ineking | ings 6 8 ‘44 980 48.93
Bome of the old Sj eedwar favorites StF es-( PrP Ry WAC 6 8 60 180 87.50
terdayt “oie Yar ‘ ent with the 1 Vlinnery. Maniiat
aear Jack. 3 adit ! Mie ee t 7 4 "Os 198 946.00
Pe euch, mebling Anhounnr, 224%) 4 PMiCobh Livingston & 0 AS) 27 A487
Beye, i if my Started apove bond. | AB. MIMin, Moutelait 40 71 189 34-78
s SS ; 5 7 tho atare; | FW. 7.8 K.AC, 8 1 99) 183 26.14
on ead “ — F tod Une SP | Ww Adam, Manhattan) 7 1 5S 147 24.50
ut wie nist Pe ari’ tnd Gatobe | > Parke, NOW, vor 4 . 1S a4 24.00
eet t tar ig "7 OP Backus Montelatr 6 0 69 18 25.00
they had mia Ha mile, Anneuser | Ay Clarke, KL A.C. P 1 42 155 £2.50
went in the ate, s 1 Ne Ke imehed past bi | oR Jackson, Lig
and wa hat & eel | was 4 give | ingstor 8 1 *S5 139 19.85
fe finish ¢ there ihe gray gelding | Wo VY. Nuahes, New
eves the t neod ma landed well in | York a 1 4 114 19.99
ont. fater «or j le s. driven by Fo bes, KA, € 4 0 62 7i 17.75
mee Sahn. foil | . ph oyuray in a driving | S. Walker dr, Lig
ee eS na ia the bridke | ge 6 i *26 79 1750
eee EPO BG LETS vO te hited to a) | WrA. Grey, Montelalr 7 84 121 «17.28
A short-tall ccas ' el | LR Roberts, NewVork 8 1 27 33 16.50
wheel road cart was ene of the bew thin ty tt Grime Lies
on the drive The ree wae t y id | _ ingston 7 1 21 9s 15.83
Col, Moreland, which the ted. F. Bates bong T. §. Nope impson
@ea mate for Levrtide in bie light brake, Th Hivingston 5 o 81 738 14.60
Colovel stil] shows considerabla sper 1, Hel ALT Stratord, New
was driven by (. [. Jarvis in a@ thite rhered York ; 2 1 14 14 14.00
rush with Mr. Hopner'é mare fifndrance, | 4 4. Gray, Manbat: . 7
ry and Dundess. The three got amas on agi: iNew * 1 9°27 78 13.00
: / 1 ’ ‘ we ‘ Pymmnor * .
fair tenins above the bend and intel nade | Vurte 6 \ 18 61 12.20
he road smoke from thet point to the bridge C. Byers, New York 2 0 19 243200
efore they reached the end of the iron rail, | A, Guan K. AGC 6 1 33 66 11.20
lindranice left her stride and Moreland went] poh Hunter, K ALC 4 0 16 a2 10.50
y her, Qoishing a good second to lundess at | MH. Tattersall, NewYork 8 0 2a 84 10.50
rile C Wes, Manhattan 6 0 28 62 10.38
the bri lige. ‘
Anotner three-cornered contest which af. | F. Loughitn, New ‘ ; an a 1am
sd much sport was batween Homer Daven- York 2 2
forded much sport, was Le Aattos Nad | HS Sandal, NewYork 4 0 2241.10.88

port's horses, Carleton, 228, trotter, Ned D.,
saver, and Capt. ©, H. MeDonald’s black mare
Vhiclwind. Mr. Davenpert drove Carleton
end Allie Dunham held the ribbons over the
pan On the first brush they started well,

*Significe not out
BOWLING AVERAGES,

Muid Wiek-
Batis, ens. Runs. ets. Arer,

nit Whirhvind was unsteady and the others | T. G. Clarke, K. AC 72 8 16 $ 5.38
were oon leading hef by severe: length. ache ¥ i COCR, 1 mia RsH08 + ore *" 176 % yt
hoax ick her etrida, however, she went after | J. Adam, Manhattan ot 17 3 8
th su tikes a “train of cars,” but she could not | F. F. Kelty, K. A, ¢ 897 30 268 a4 "41
close tie gap and finished third A. Smedley Aeneas, Aer . 168 18 107
It wax about aneven thing between Carleton | ti Rusttan Maniatian..- aie tie 17 1038
and Ned D. On the second trial Whirlwind | 6 'q) Turner; Montelain, 204 8 109 10 19.90
wos better mannered and eee away from th F. J. Prendergast, Manhat
others with a burat of speed which they oould tan ; $06 8 140 11 12.78
hot overcome, The animals were cooled out | N.S. Walker, Jr, Living
anda tire trial was then eiven with about the ORM o ss) as ; , 203 7 144 11 18.00
gan result, Carleton alao had a lively tit with | Ml. Tattersall, New York 888 19 834 25 15.36
the chestnut trotter Brilllant and B. Kearn'g | BR. W Delapenha, Montclatr2)4 3 186 11 14.18
Drex, 2.19%. It was one of the closest i J. E, Roberts, New York....158 8 147 10 14.70
are A. V. Clarke K.A,C... 209 18 320 #8 15.00
eT interey ng = ts oe, the day and the | & patton, Livingston 188 2 80 & {5.00
nish was of the eve-lash variety. : 7 as 5
little Miss Hilda, Tietien, atanddaughter | 07y/ smi iivineston > (9 4a $ dea5
of School Commissioner TietJen, cut quite a} j B, Backus, Montelair..... $0 0 88 j 16.50
prominent figuré on the drive behind her bay | H. E Jackson, Livingston .120 1 5 4 17.88
pont, hooked to bike wagon, She drives Backus, Montelair 486 10 B28 18 17.38
quite skilfully and started io a brush with J. Loughlin, New York. 144 2 106 @ 17.66
Col, Moreland, | When she Ay that her pony | OQ Byers, New York sees 120 3 82 8 18.40
oul not gat ahead shé pulled up and told Mr | 4 Clarke, K. A. ¢ 420 38 2 19.00
arvis when he jogged back that it was no | 4 B. MiMn. Montclatr 239 4 378 8 49.88
; J. Parkes, New York -1353 38 168 7 207)
@reat thing for him to win ap his horse was 80 | 4 yy Stratford, New York. 72 0 47 2 B3.80
ugh larger than here and puiled a lighter FW. Wilson, jontelatr..... 64 1 88 1 29.00
a. Bennyon, Néw York 18 6 $0 1 go.00
Mr. Harrington drove the black mare Maud | A. W. Hughes, New York . 99 © 1120 3 37.88
£:; which was in the atable of the late Robert | W. A. Gray, Montelatr 126 2 118) 3 387.64
onner, Bhe was simply jogged through the | A. Cleaver, Manhattan 132 1 WB 2 49.00

dighland Tnsele, and George Coleman drove
io the Dvokman atreet entrance and back with
Bell Jefferson, 2:36.

Hisinn’ Ye. H. Flagge also Jogged his mare

Tarchmont Yacht Clab Schooner Race,
The schooner race arranged by the Larch-

Nathan Straus has presented John D. Crim- | mont Yacht Club will be sailed on Saturday,

me with Dolly N., half sister to Cohwehs.
he looks like Cobwebs, and Mr. Crimmins

Rept. 8, over the long course off the clubhouse

ave oe ia the sweetest one to drive ha ever sat | on the Sound. The owner of the winning

hind.
Edward R, a trotter with a great deal of
greed, by San Mateo, arrived here Katurday

}

wat will be awarded the “Larchmont oup of

1900," a beautiful anectmen of the silversmith's

rom Cleveland, and will be driven on the art and valued at $00

Bpeedway by Johf Doyle. The horse was
considerably cut up on the cara, but will be
in shape for brushy work in a few dave. He
as never been worked for speed but that
1@ possesans it fs evidenced by the fact that
18 Was taken barefooted out of @ barn lot and
trotted a mile in 2:28

Jd. F. Russell arrived in the city yesterday
with his horses, Maid Thorn, Princess Sprague
and a four-year-old trotter, from Goshen.
They are quartered at Capt. MeDonald's stable
and will be driven on the Speedway. ©. K. G.
iings, fre < hicaro road rider, will be in New
fork with tep head of his roadster gtring, be-
tween the first and tenth of next mc nth

 

Model Yachting.

class

The boats are to sail in one class, Entries

are expected from the New York, Eastern,
Seawanhaka, Corinthian, Atlantic, American,
New Redford, New Haven, New Rochelle,
Corinthian of Marble head, Hull, Indian Harbor:

tiverside, Horse Bhoe Harbor, Corinthian
*C. of Philadelphia, Sea Clift, Knickerbocker,

Huguenot, Shelter Island and Manhasset Bay
yacht clube

Tn addition to the big race the Regatta Com-

Initteo, with the intention of making {it a red-
6

tter day in the history of the club, has ar-

ranged a series of apecial races, divided into
five classes, as prow : Class H, 80 feet: clase
I 70 feat class K,

61 feet: class f., 43 feet, and
6 feet
The owners of all boats entered in the various

: classes must report to the Regatta Committ
Two splendidly contested races were enjoyed | Gt the clubhouse before #20 o'clock on race

by the members and guests of fhe American | day, where ther may obtain full instructions
ie

Model Yacht Club off the clubhouse at Routh | a# to salling ru

Brooklyn yesterday, The course was one

mile with the fide, from the foot of Thirty-
ourth street to Fifty-aixth street, Bay Ridge

”s
For the Str Thomas Lipten Cup.
The $1990 cup presented to the New York

‘here was a@ good whole-sall breeze and the Yacht Chub by Sir Thomas Lipton for competl-

course, which was dead to windward, was covered
in fast time In the first-class sloopa, the Alplia
won, but the result may be changed when the
Buckeye ts remeasured. In the schooner class

ion in class H, which {# confined to single-

masted vessels and yawls not over 80 and
over 70-foot racing length, will be sailed on

George F. Pigott handled his boat, Sweetheart, | Bont. 13 over a course of thirty miles to wind-

wellfromstartto finish and won by 3 minutes
and 41 seconds
There was a hotly contested race of tha sec

ward and leeward out from the Sandy Hook
light

Should there be no finish within the time

ond-class sloops of the Wate Creat Miniature | limit, six and one-half hours, the race will be
Yaeht Club yesterday off the clubhouse at} started on euccessive days, Sunday excepted,

y Ridce The course was half a mile to

until decided. The sailing directions, accome

windward and return. The contestants were pauled by a chart, nay be obtained at the club-

Nellie C. G., Dr. Goodman; The Storm, John
fartin; Red Man, Fdward E Flynt, and the
Nave Crest, ©. Criley. The Nellie (. G., fav-
ored by the windward postition, outfooted the

rom start to finish and won both heats,

nouse after Sept. 1.
The steamer Cepheus his been chartered to

convey the members and their triends over the
course on the dar fixed for the race. The boat
will leave foot of West Twenty-second street at

hers
The others finished on both occasions in this | 9 o'clock in the morning.

peers, Red Man and Wave Crest
‘he membera and guests of the New York
Model Yacht Club enjoved a rattling day's aport
peer tier at the clubhotuse off Steinway, ?" 1,
i e triangular course of half a mile was covered
splendid time. In the special race for the
Imytbe prize the startere were the Vim, John
Smyth, Jr., Sidar, Commodore Frank Sweeney,
Sinner, Peter Murray. Commodore
Sweeney's boat won with the Sinner eecond,
D the dub race for second class sloop’ which
ollowed, Ripple, owned by Weber and Ogle,
defeated ~ champion Foam. In the race
for the third class eloops the Sinner woa out
with the Sirdar second, '

 

Witttamsburg ¥. C, Regatta.

Lack of wind and a heavy thunderstorm
played havoc with the regatta of the Williams-
burg Yacht Club resterday, which was aiiled on
Flushing Bay off North Beach. The boats were
deifting far hours until the heavy winds came na
a forerunner o(f the storm, when a majority of
the competing boats putin fertheshore. Sum-
mary:

CLASS B—CABIN SLOOPS—35 FRET,

Flaped

Time.

Boat and Owner iM &

Portia, Brush & Feldman 559098
CLASS C--CABIN BLOOPS—26 FRET

Imp. J. Weir ee : ‘ 5 99 90

Olympta O. Reid ......... Nd not Onish
= 469 D-— SLOOPS UNDER 25 FEET

Innocent, Rawlingeon & Fleming..... 594 00
Emily B., BE. buekter . Did not finish,

CLASS F- CABIN CATROATS.-20 FEET

Rover, (US SWATIZ ereceeveeeeccccce +++ 1 02 00
Kagie, C. Hartman o0ee «+ DI4 not finish,
Edith, FE. V. Roseman.... Did not dalsh.,
CLASS G ~ CABIN CATBOATS —25 FRET
Lizzie A, N. Philips 0 58.00
Calauthe, William Sneat . Did bot Anish, |
CLASS H--OPEN CATRBOATS = 25 FiERT
Aztec, Commodore hells Did not Daish.
Paragon William B Lou Md not finish, |
CLASS 1 OPEN CATBOATS—17 TO 20 FFEG
Edith W., Fred Bardiey... ....6. Did not tinien
Undine, James Lurstein........... Did not ft ish
Been Bis WOT. 0.500.020 06500 en0ee8 bid pot finish
Halcion, \, Berihel conereese Did not finish,

has started e orm 4 schedule
Getober and November, ‘The members will start
In training shortly. Their average weight ts 116

Kuickerbocker Yachts Race.
COLLEGR Pornt, Aug. 26—The Hampden

clase of the Knickerbocker Yacht Club raced
to-day off the clubhouse ait this place over a

ten-mile triangular. The starters were Com
modore 8. H. Mason's Mi Babe, F. FE. Barnes’s
Zena, J, O. Simkinaon's Indian, Irving Sande's
Blue Bird, Rodman Sand's Black Bird, and W.
G. Newman's Bilboy. The Indian won, with
the Black Bird second and Mi Babe third.

Games on Track and Field,
Some strikingly contested events in which Wiliam

D. Wynne and Charies . Rybdb carried off the hon
ors, formed the programme of the National A. C
games which were held at Maspeth yesterday. Rubb
won the 100eyard, 220-yard and runuing broad jump
handicaps. while Wynne Won the quarter of a mile
and the pole vault. The other winners were: Hailf-
mile run, handicap, Rutherford C. Wills; onemile
run, handicap peer. L. MeKeever; oheant

cle, Peter Wend; runnin », Ee
Hurley; running hop, step and jump, handicap, Pred:
erick Reuss; putting the if-pound shot, handicap,
Frederick W. Grundey, .

le bicy-
g high jump, handicap. &

At the point games of the Brooklyn A. ©, yesterday,

held at Maspeth, John C. Doyle, theall-round cbam-
plon of Na el ‘ - the 10%yvard and 200-yard handi-
cans, Thomas F. Fraser won the quartes mile, pu

the if-pound shot and , inp banat
caps, he other winners were, Halfemile run
handicap, Frank Venes; one-mile run, handicap,
W. H. Classen .

unning broad Jump handi-

 

Odds and Ends of Sports

The football team represer fing he Bergen AG
or a iaturdays in

vuinds, All teams tn this class may secure games
y addressing FE. WH. Newman, 22 Ocean avenue,

Jersey City

SYRACUSE, Aug. 26.4 Candidates for the Syra-

cuse University football team have been ordeted ty

repottone week from ti-inertow, The team will have

the advantare of the coaching of F. R. Sweetiand
| the former Cornell tackle, who has a ble proposition
on his hands, as this vear Syracuse will nt

ay Prince-

ton. Lafayette, Urown, Oberlin and Amherst. H. A
Patten, whe has played three years on the Syracuse
tear { learned the rudiments at Cornell under
Swertiand. will be captain. He will be tried back of
the line, possibly at half. Suits have been ordered
for forty players, which means more candidates than
have ever before Bied for the Syracuse eleven,
’

2 WUT OEY A ating

THE SUN, MONDAY, AUG

'|NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN,

 

EVIDENCES OF ROAD-RIDING REVI-
VAL ABUNDANT.

 

Century Riders Win a Race Against the Rain
—Mishaps of a Sextet—Ross and Elkes
Nelson—Mc-

Eachern Makes Jacobson an Easy Victim,
Evidence that the fall revival of read riding

weather did not seem to countas much as the
The jaree turning out of last Sunday
Was quite equalled in the forenoon on all the
local wheeling roads, but there was little trafilo
Two things noticeable were —
the small proportion of women riding alone and

the remarkable
checking men at the bicyele racks of the hotels
sild that itis getting like old times again, be-
cause so many of the veterans of former years
have renewed their intoreat and meet one an-
other with the cordiaity and familiarity of the
days when cyclists were a sect.

in the afternoun,

A splendid practical demonstration of bloy-
cles beating the weather was made yesterday
by some of the ridors in the first division of the
day's century run, It was the second annual

century of the Jefferson Wheelmen of this city,
and about two hundred riders started tn ft, In
four divisions, was captain.

riders) were

pith T. Moore

at the head of the first division,
hey saw the

and J. Herma: aa as istants,
and started
| ogalnst the appronohing storm
the rate of more than ftreniy
Ihe eleven miles from Rockaway
Stream were made in thirty-tv
the race with the ratnf.
at the head of the div
shed dry, while a couple of score of the la,

They fode at
miles an bour,

minutes and
aé that those
isons got under a hotel

included elght wornen: Mrs. Fred Hof, Miss B,
Brown, Mrs L,
\_ FE. Due, Mra. F
HKowyer, aud Miss Hi. Erickson
exceptionally
shower, excepting (he one from the Merrick to
which was sandy,

A. Johnsen, Miss Maizie
The roads wete

A sertette of the

 

tran into the curbstone at Jamaica, upset and
four or five others went down with the riders of
At Freeport when starting to run
"a chitin wae
It wes fixed, but at Amity vill
Notwithstanding
"Anished with the aecond diviston and the
Asen \\ heelmen won the second prize offered

[hey had twenty-three finishers

ne pacemnnke

prize with ,orty-four finishers )
iret division,

era of the several divisions we

sistante:s cond division. C. EB
R M. Binghamand
thirddivi-ion, W
Bromiley, assistants;

Jacobson, assi tants;
r, chief; J Shossi
ourth division, H.
Boyd and A
| broke his pedal at Rockaway, rode ten miles

gota new pedaland ed the run with it, al-
thou h the bearings had been
“clean faced,’
brought his divisioh through on thine
finishing point, Bedford Rest, two gay riders,
golog armin arm, fell down and @ dozen
hore centurions
wheels were smashed and several nen were se-

At@o'clock yesterday morning A.V. Roe, a
one-armed bicyclist, starte
City Hall for a litte ride to 8)n Francisco.
was formeriv a district messenger boy.
made the trip across the Continent last year for
his telograph company, but yesterday he started
on an independent tour.
way and not beg it, which ts something new in
the line of trane-continental wheeling, but he
hopes to earn money én route

from the New York

He intends to pay h

 

Johnny Nelson hae this year been more of a
wonder in the eyele-racing game than Jimmy
has repeatediy
Jowered the recotds in the course of
successful races,
cause of Ross and

belleved that he is the
‘likes réturning 80 soon,
Fikes was not expected here for a month yet,
Sut he is now on the water and will be tn town
After hie d
michael, Nelaon has only

ikea to beat before
being thoroughly entitled to be called cham-

The Associated American Motocyclista was
ormanized aa a national club last. Thursday
night at Boston, The following officers were

President, C. H Mets Waltham; Vice-President,
Kenneth A, Skinner, Boston; Secretary, S. W. Merri-
hew, New York; Treasurer, F.C. Stearns, Syracuse
five mernbers-at-large,
constitute the Executive Committee. The other
members of the committee are;

Faward Hayes, Providence; A. 1. Adama, Wilson-
ville: Frank L Clark, Baltimore; A, L. Banker, Pitts
burgh; Geo, K. Barrett, Chicago.

A constitution was adopted and a oom-
appointed to arrange @ run to
Another commit-
tee was appointed to select an emblem, and @
ed pledging the organiaza-
to cause an observance of
regulations relating to motooy-

The officers, with

, on Bept. 15

resolution was ado
tion to use tte effor
allrules and

The races at Guttenburg and at Vailsbure
were postponed yesterday. A
had been turned away from Vailsburg Archie
MocEachren and J. Jacobson, who were sohed-
uled for an uniimited pureult trce, the feature
of the programme, agreed to race anyhow, anc
nthe presence of about one hundred
Jacobson gained for a mile, but
then seemed to wake up and he
intervening distance
until he caught the new profession
The time was 6 mi

After the crowd

1,120 ards.

tay Hewlett of the Century Road Club has
arranged to start next Sunday to vreak the
New York to Albany.
ours 49 minutes, made by (
this is not offfeial.
record is several bours slower.

The allowe

Prank Cotter of Vancouver, champion mile
evollat of the Pactfic
McLeod, champion erclis
events out of three in the fall race circuit of
The time was slow, owln
nutes, one second w

coast, defeated An

Hritish Columbta,
best time recorded,

That Will Stinson’'s “Hoo.
doo” is still after him ts shown by the fact that
Burns Pierce won from bim handily in the
motor paced race at the
Knights of Columbus meet at Charles River
Stinson got the

Boston, Aug. 2

eeping this distance ahead until the fifth mile,

length behind for several
lap@, and then took the lead, Pierce increased
the wap, until at the tenth mile he had a half
Stinson was fresh and in the
mile gained somewhat,
and Stinson
wabbie as the miles were reeled o
ed Stinson
nson's tline was
The fourth mile

Pierce rode

41 minutes 48 2-6 seconds
42 minutes 17 2-5 seconds.
was covered in 1 minute 8g 3-5 seconds

 

Worcester, Aug. 26.
tablished a new track record for one mile for
the local track {n the cycle races her
and incidentally made a new record
hig famous pacing team,
ret trial mile in
This did not satisfy
did not work well
the trick and broke Major
aylor’s record of 1 minute 87 1-5 seconds,
ridjig the distance in 1 minute 84 3-5 seconds.
Collgan of Worcester set up a new record
npaced, in competition with
ve-mile pursuit
Jubols on the eighth lap
and then finished the two miles, making {t {n
4 minutes 18 4-5 seconds
two races the time in the remainder of the
programme
rave, best two in three, betw
of Newark and Archie Rawlins of New. Bed-
former won the
Aceidents to machines

Kent and Ruel, he rode the

minute 88 4-5 seconds
Mim as his mot«
xt trial he di

John Dubois of

e from these

ain militated against
lartford in big 10-mile motor
yaced race with Ike Perry o
he last lap of the e
on hjs machine and
the chain on the Kent and Ruel tandem loosene
ntinued for fout laps unpaced,#hen
t tly picked him up and brought him
to the tape in 18 minutes 9 2-5 seconds for the
The motor tandem race of two
niles between Johnny Nelson's team, Kent and
Ruel, and Porter aud Bly was won by the former
team in 8 minutes 28 2-5 seconds.
races, the two-mile handicap and the mile open,
had a Jong string of entries including the fast
The resuits as follows

Hunter, Newark,
Conn, serateh,
. scrateh, third;

bth mile the chain broke
6 had to quit

The amateur

men of the Raat.

TwoeMile Handicap—J. H.
yards, won; FE. B, Thayer
second, Archie Hawlins,
ohnson, Springfield, 25 yafds, fourth.
4 minutes 31 1-2 seconds.

One-Mile Open—F,
T. J. Grady, Chicopee, segond; F.
Time, 2 minutes 11 2-8 seconds

Hammond, Mattapoisett,

Hartford, third

Over thirty-four riders participated in the
yesteroay, arrange;

woman's run
by the Mutual Wheelmen of Brooklyn.
| ing the rivers of both sexes it proved to be the
| best-attenced run of the season given by th

popular club i
the club was greatly a mirea alo
which extended to
“quint” and multiple machine al
pacing during the day.
boint was reached before the thunderstorm.

 

wake Success
ternated in
Luckily the objective

elisensacepeaiatinihcinntimmisideion _ —
2 =
" Ss Sse ensues

With the exception of muddy roads here and
there on the return trip the run was voted
successful in all respects by the riders.

The Guttenberg Wheelmen has been foreed
to disband. At one time the club was looked
Gece as the leader in North Hudson wheeling
ciroles, It owned a fine clubhouse that was
fully equipped for the comforts of merubers,
The Gultenberg is the last of the several whee
clubs that once flourished in the northern sec-
tion of Hudaon county. It was only a few
woeks ago that the West New York Wheelmen
gave up its charter ani sold other property to
meet outstanding debts.

 

A. lL. Matlack, one of the Camden bicycle
police squad, won seven of the eight medals for
paileame competition offer eo far this year
ry the Now Jersey Century Road Club of Amer-
fea, The remaining prize was won by T. M.
Richards, also of Camden. Matlack did con-
siderable riding in the early part of the season
The first week in April ha covered 023 miles,
the second week 1,180 miles, the third week
743 miles and the last week 605 miles, Inaking
total of 3,552 miles for the month, These
ures were even surpassed in May, when h
covered 3,571 miles. Richards rode 2,481 mtles
in April and 2,540 miles during May. The pair
are still holding first and third places respec
tively in the national championship mileage
competition for the year

a
e

 

ATTACKED A CHINAMAN VICIOUSLY.

 

New Haven Truckman Smites Lee Joo and
Nearly Brings on a Riot.

New Haven, Conn, Atig, 26—The China-
men of this town to-night are agitated over
@ savage assault that was made this afternoon
on Lee Joe of New York city, who came here
to visit the Chinese quarters, More than two
thousand citizens and many Chinese of this
city gathered at the police etation in Grand
avenue after the assault, and it looked as if
there would be ariot. The services of a dozen
or more patroloen were needed to disperse
the throng. Lee Joe's assailant was a burly
truckman, James — Cashion, who met
lee while the latter was on us
way to the railroad station to take @
train for New York. With an oath he sprang
on the Chinaman, yelling to_a crowd, behine
him that Lee Joe was a Boxer, Then he
nearly pounded the life out of the Chinaman.
A dozen of Lee Joe's countrymen, all very much
etélted, gathered — to protect him. Then
Cashion pan away, followed by the Chinamen
and a bie crowd of citizens, They ran through
the ceutre of the city before Cashion was caught
by the police Then the crowd turned on the
Chinamen and there was a general mix-u
before Cashion was landed in the pre« {net,
Lee Joe was attended by a police surgeon.

WOWAN'S BRAVERY IN ALASKA,

Spends the Winter Alone and Then Travels
760 Miles on a Raft She Built Herself.

Tacoma, Wash., Aug, 20.—Mra Hewitt, wife
of Dr. Hewitt, one of Chicago's well-known
physiclans, has had an exciting trip in the
Alaskan wilds. Alone she floated down the
Koyukuk R ver, a distance of 750 miles.

Two years ago ashe left Chicago to join her
husband, who had gone to Nome, At Dawson
she met Dr. Crothers of Pittsburg, a friend of
her husband, and with him arranged togo down
the river on the ice, When they reached Fort
Hamlin they heard of rich placer strikes at the
head of the Royukuk and went t'ere, While
out with a dog team Mra, Hewitt loat her way,
and spent the winter alone in a cabin, She shot
moose and lived on the ment

When the tee broke up ahe managed, although
worn tO a skeleton, to make a raft Witha
stock of moose ment she started down the river
on @ 7$0-:nfle trip. Onece the raft hit a sandbar
and she was thrown into the water After
twenty-six days «ho reached the Yukon River,
where she Was picked up by a steamer,

When rescued she faint-d, and late Nome ad-
vices any the brave woman may yet succumb
to the hardships she endured

MANY FIREMEN JOINING

A New Association With the Ostensible Object
of Benevolence,

The officers of the Fire Department in Greater
Now York, from the grade of lieutenant up,
according to reports circulated among the
engine houses, bave recently organized a new
assoctation whose ostensible object is benevo-
lence. A few weeks ago word was sent to all
the firemen above the grade of lieutenant In
the city of the proposed organization, and an
invitation was extended to them to Join.
preven?’ t meeting has been held and Battal-
on Chief Callahan, whose headquarters is in
Ninety-ninth street, has been elected President.
A committee has also been appointed to draw
up the constitution and plans for a permanent
organization

t is said that over 50 per cent. of the officers

of the department already belong to the new
organieation and that a majority of the others
will join, It is believed that the scope of the
organisation may be extended to the firemen
of the lower ranks and that it is merely a@ hit
at the present Firemen's Benevolent Associa-
tion,

ee

PROP. BEMIS'S BILL OF 81,200,

 

Asks Springfield, Mass., to Pay that Sum to
Him as an Expert on Monopolies.

BPnRINGFIFELD, Mass., Atig. 26.—Prof. Fdward
Bemis, formerly of Chicago University, has
presented to the city a bill of $1,200 for expert
advice and testimony which the city au-
thorities will not pay. Prof. Bemis, it will be
remembered, was connected with the Chicago
University when the strikes occurred and
took sides with the etrikers in a speech deliv-
ered while they were in progress. His action
did not meet favor with President Harper and
he soon a‘vered his association with the uni-
versity. Prof. Bemis then was represented
before tha country as being persecuted by or-
ganized wealth and had poses as the opponent
of monopolies In that capacity he was
called to testify here in a hearing before the
State Gas Commission on the price of gas locally.
The Finance Committee agys it has a contract
with Prof. Bemis for $400 pnd will give hitn tha
amount or let him go to lay.

DROPPED DEAD WHILE SINGING.

 

 

 

Jacob Sinker Was in the Prisoners’ Pen tno
a) Fieseox Market Court.:

Jacob Sinker, a shoemaker, 65 years old,
of 249 Fast Fourth etreet, was arrested for in-
toxication about 3 o'clock yesterday morning
and dropped dead about four hours later in
the prisoners’ pen in the Essex Market police
court,

Sinker created a disturbance in front of the
FBidridge street station and a policeman was
sent out to arrest him. When he was taken
to the Powe court with a number of other pris-
oners he was singing. He stopped suddenly
in the middie of a song and fell to the floor.
An ambulance was summoned from Gouverneur
Hospital and the surgeon declared that Sinker
had died from heart disease, His wife had gone
to the court to pay his fine and was prostrated
when she learned of his death. She said that
Rinker had not been arrested before. The body
was taken to the Morgue.

 

THEY WERE HOMESICK,
The Missing St. Vincent de Paul Children Tarn
Up Safe and Soand.

James and Loretta Sands, 12 and 10 years
old, of 528 West Twenty-elghth street; Mary
and Annie Reynolds, 7 and 9 years old, of 1460
Second avenue, and Thomas and Joseph Kier-

pan, 11 and 12 years old, of 221 East Seventy-
eighth street, the six children who ran away
from the St. Vincent de Paul summer home
at Pelham Bay Park, Saturday afternoon, all
reached their homes in safety. Between them
the wanderers had the price Of six car fares
and they reached their several homes without
mishap, Their excuse for running away and
cutting short their summer outing was that
they were homesick,

Unknown Man Found Dead,

A man about 85 years old, 5 feet 7 inches tall,
with brown bair and mustache, and rather
poorly dressed, was found dead in the toilet

room of Wakely's saloon, Forty-tecond street
and Sixth avenur, last night, by one of the em-
ployees of the place. There was nothing in his
pockets toidentify him. The bedy was taken
othe East Fifty-first street station and was
later removed to the Morgue. Haart disease
was the probable couse of death,

Thrown Through a Window,

Mount Vernon, N.Y., Aug. 26.—During a
fight between Henry Younger and two men tn
South Fourth avenue early this morning
pounaet was thrown through a plate glass win-

low in the dry goods store of Owen R. Jones.
The g@ia%e was nine feet square. Younger w
so badly out abow? the head and arms that he
had to be taken to the Mount Vernon City Hom
pital, Ils condition is considered critical, His
ussailanis escaped,

Gambling at Fact Orange.

Hast Ornanor, N.J., Auge 26.—This morning
at{8 o'clock Roundsman Campbell and a squad

of policernen descended upon the gambling

establishment at the corner of Main and Jones

streets and captured twelve men, including

James Farley, the alleged proprietor. All the

parapmernalis was confiscated, Farley was
ned $10 and each of the others $3.

 

  

UST 27, 1900.

   
 

THE LAY READER'S DAY OFF.

HAD IT CHANGED TO SATURDAY TO
AVOID THE CROWD.

 

But He Han Into the Anneal Excarsion of the
Grand Parpie and Royal Order of Free and
Independent Brothers of Gazabo and
Tributary Lodges, and Sad Was the Result.

The fussy and disagreeable lay reader em-
ployed in the all-the-week holiness tent had his
day off changed from Sunday to Saturday,
not because he objected to working on Bunday,
but because he wanted to take his outings on
a day when the crowd didn't go, He was one
vf those men who want all the comforts and
exclysive privileges of @ private steam yacht
for the price of a 25-cent ticket down the bay
and back on an excursion boat. As soon a4 he
gotaboarda boat, got a camp chair to sit on, one
to lean againat and one for each of his legs he
wanted thedeckhands to let go the lines and
get under way. Any one who crossed the gang
plank after he was aboard was an intruder,

And in the trip down and back the lay reader
made himself uncomfortable by hating every-
body aboard and composing letters to write
to editora denouncing different features of exe
cursion boat management. He thought that
all this would be changed if he could have for
himself a day that was not a general holiday
and he had no trouble tn getting his day changed,
for they were always short of help in the holi-
noss tent on summer Sundays,

For his first Baturday trip he picked out one
of the largest boat rides on the daily excursion
schedule and went aboard the first boat in the
morning in spite of the fact that he had had to
make the long prayer and lead all the ainging
the night before with the temperature at 100,
He expected to have all of the hurricane deck
to himself anyway, But be had not read in
the Jersey Town Echo of the day before that on
the next day, his very first Saturday, would
occur the nineteenth annual excursion of the
Grand Purple and Royal Order of Free and
Independent Brothers of Gazabo and that the
Purple Gazabos would take the same boat that
he had selected and bave with them the Royal
and Purple Ladies of the Daughters of Gazabo
and also the Purple Gazablets of the Royal
Children’s Junior Order,

The lay reader knew nothing about that
excursion until it surged up around him on
the hurricane deck aud kept packing civser
and closer until be was a4 purple as
the Most Royal Daughter of a Gazabo, The
proc ession was led by the Jersey hand of nine
yfass pieces and a drum, the pieces being fol-
lowed by the Most Lofty and Supreme Guardian
of the Royal Gazabo’s Dreadful and ore
Secrets, who weighed 240 pounds without his
badges and who was known, except on lodge
nights and annual excursions, a8 the most
honest butcher in Jersey Town, He was fol-
lowed by the comparatively foferlor Lofty
and Supreme Deputy Guardian of the Royal
Gazabo's Purple Secrets and all the Most Lofty
Officers of the Royal and Purple Retinue down
to the Deputy Junior \ice-Keeper of the Little
Secrets, Behind the officers and the band the
line was made up aa follows;

Gazab Lodge, A. G. and X. of R and P, 8., 200

men

Purple Lodge, R. CS and Z, 259 men,

The Great Secret Lodge, 4. b. B. and O. ¥., 700
men,

LADIES’ DIVISION.

Purple Daughters’ Lodge, F. 4. and T., 400 ladies

Sealed Lipa Lodge, H. O. and T., 500 ladies,

ueens of Garabo Lodge, 6 8S. S. and 3 C., 560
ladies.

CHILDREN'S DIVISION.

Purple Garablets of the Royal Junior Order, 900
boys and girls.

long before the last Gazablet was aboard
the boat had listed heavily to port and the
lay reader had forgotten the sanctity of his
calling His three extra camp chairs for his
back and legs had been seized by as many
Queens of Gazabo, a little Gazahlet had scaf-
tered the remains of a prematurely opened
Koyal lunch box on his new flannel trovsers,
the 240-pound Most Lofty and Supreme Guard-
fan was sitting back to back and leaning against
him, and a group of ladies of the Sealed Lips
was sitting on either side of him explaining
to each other how they had caught the train
which connected with the boat and oceasion-
ally nicking the Jay reader with the corners
of their overworked faces and saying “ex-
cuse me," with emphasis on the “me”

The lay reader fled{rom the hurricane deck in
despair, intending to leave the boat, but he lost
five minutes in wrangling w the purser over
having his 26-cent fare refunded and then rar
into aPurple Daughter 30 broad that she blocke
his passage for another half minute and then
the gangplank was lo and the boat crept now)?
out the slip with whistle shrieking and the
nine brase pieces of Jersey Town drowning
out the whistles. The fussy and disagreeable
lay reader couldn't swim for it, for he had never
been in the river exceps the Ume he was oa
tized, It was then that he gemetnbered 18
wip was four bours jong, each way. Ile also
remembered what pis life work was, just in
time to check a mad impulse to emash hia way
through the crush of Purple Gagabos at the
bar and do ns they were doing. The iinpulse
wae checked, but the eight-hour trip was then
only ten minutes old

Reckless of expense the ley reader hurried
to the purser’s office to secure a stateroom
but found that they were all taken by the Royal
Committee of Arrangementa of the Gasabo
excursion and the various Royal sub-com-
mittees) Then he went to the ladies’ cabin,
expecting that everybody would want to be
on deck such a beautiful day lt was crowded
with Queens of Gazabo, all of whom came
from seven or eight tiles Inland by the marshes
and thought it the proper thing to seem to
fee] nervous and just a little squeamish on the
water, Each Queen had her royal legs straight
outon the cushioned seat, her royal head on a
life-preserver pillow and near her purple face
a paul marked ‘For Fire Only.” And each
enn every Queen was telling all the others
about her syinptoms. There was no rest in
the cabin for the lay reader He went below
to the same deck that the bar was on, but
to another part. There ths men of Ga-
gab Lodge were waltzing with the Purple
Danghters to the musie made by the nine brass
pieces from Jersey town, The ooo little bovs and
rirls of the Roval JuniorOrder of Purple Gazab-
fetg were allover the boat making trouble for the
Royal ladies and gentlemen of the parent bodies
by insisting upon making business good for the
large and efficient corpa of fakirs on board
with pop corn, all colors, candy, all kinds, hat
unrda, eveylasses, soft drinks, paile and shovels,
chewing gum, plea and sandwiches, and pict-
tresque views, As many as feven ladies of
the Sealed lips lodge were spanking seven
little Purple Gazablets at one time tor ariting
banana on their badwes. The lay reader
counted them. A Queen of Garabo and a
Daughter of the same royal ancient order begana
little mild dispute on the hurricane deck, where
there was no shade, about the respective merits
of their different. interpretations ofthe “love,
heauty and goodness" yart of their. ritual,
The Purple Daughter had just said that the
Most Lofty and Supreme Guardian should have
his puree apron tied in front when he said
“lave, beauty and goodness,” The Royal
Queen thought that the apron should be tled
in the back and sald so, Each of them had
many mapporiers, and enough advocates
of the front tying and back tying got huddled
together to make the row general, The Jay
reader was really beinning to enjoy himeelf,
a ilttie because all the others were getting
snariier gvery minute until the Most Lofty
and Supreme Guardian came madgestically
up on the deck and rebuked them for exposing
the sacred and grave secrets of the lodge room,
Then he moved with his royal retinue back to
the bar and all the Indies entd they would never
vote for him again, and one, the most reckless
queen of all, called him a fat old butcher,

All these things had been noted on the way
down by the lay reader, who w peed bout
from place to place, without @ cbalr to eit on,
thinking of scathing letters to write to the
editor. They were all repeated on the way
forge with many addition& Some of the tn-
and queens in the cabin had used the pails,
each and every gazablet had got banana or
something else on his badge and had been
spanked. The Committee of Arrangements
had all {ts staterooms packed with the Royal
Gagabos, who had stood too long at the bar
and the Ladies of the Sealed Lips Lodge were
raving at the committee because their hus-
hands happened to be among the Most Purple
numbers who had been stowed yay for fear
they might do something in public to offend
the sacred memory of Gazabo.

The lay reader got bungry after a while.
But there waa nothing left aboard to eat ex-
cept pork ples at the bar. He hesitated awhile
and then with a nervous little laugh to bim-
self made his way for food to that wet and
dripping counter wkh the mahogany stain
Hie blushed as he smelled the beer and realized
that he was actually etanding at a bar tut
with the naturalness of instinet he placed his
foot@ipon the lower rall and his elbow on the
bar itself The overworked bartender could
not tellhim from a Rova®Gazabo and before
the lay reader had a chance to say “Pork pie
if you please, sir,” a high glass, half beer an
half foam, was slammed down on the bar In
front of him. Some of the drip wet his fingers
before he could move his hand. A prominent

mber of Gazah Lodge accidentally shoved

a elbow, so that his hand shot forward against
the giass. To save the glass from tipping
the lay reader grasped it

‘I am mifned, anyway,” he thought. ‘Tf
the head revivullst shone aee me now T could
tel] him about that pork pie until Gabriel blowa
the trampet, and he wouldn't believe me,”
That sort of reasoning could lead to but one
cool, refreshing foamy. result. The result
was donbled, and doubled again, And be
fore the trip was over the lay reader was the
noblest Gazabo of them all. And when they
janded he who hated crowds marched at the
head of the line between two men detailed
from Gazab Lodge to help him, And he is
going to have his day off shifted again so he
can “T° lodge meetings regularly.

”

  

SS

THE MASK OF GEN. LES.
Wi
If One Was Taken, as Is Reperted, It Was &
Life and Not a Death Mask. :

Lexrnotom, Va., Aug. 26.--A despatch =
sent out from Washington city several wee
ago by o correspondent of a Chicago news-
paper to the effect that while repairs wero
being made in the Corcoran Art Gallery in
Washington, a plaster cast of a human face
was found which was pronounced to be @ death
mask of Gen, Robert Edward Lee, taken by
Clarke Mills at the time of Gen. Lee's Aeath
and recognized as such and that it had been
sought for for ten years, The matter has beers
carefully investigated by persons here and if
the mask is one of Gen, Lee it was made while
Gen, Lee was alive and fs therefore not a death
mask, If the mask is Gen. Leos it ts of great
value and perhaps theonly one In existence,

Mr. M. Miley, a photographer of sgamaen
who made many photographs of Gap. leo
during his ifetime, said regarding the mask

{ Gen. Lee: s

oot ee at iso? Clarke Mills, the soulptor of Wash-
ington, D. ¢., came to Lexington. The first
intimation I had of a mask being made of Gen.
Lee was through a negro boy, who came to my
shotograph gallery and said That-a man
I certainly doing Gen. Lee funny. He has
him sitting under an apple tree in his war os
with straws in his goss. The nex’ day r.
Mills came to my gallery and pure nages quite
a number of photographs of Gen. 2. jie
said that his ( i”) son bad recently returné<

from Europe and had brought a new process
for making masks, which was put on like @
lather with a brush and was very thin, and by*
simply moving the features th mask came
loose, and that he had come to Lexington ex-
yresaly to make a mask of Gen. Lee, and that
he had made one of Gen. Lee,”

Later Mr, Mills wrote from Washington to Mr.
Miley and said he had been very successful
with his casts in plaster, and asked if Mr. Miley
would not place some of them on sale at his

allery, After replying Mr. Miley heard noth-
ne further from Mr. Mille, Jf this mask is a
thin mask it is evident that it ls one made by
Mr. Mills. As to a death mask, after careful
inquiry, there ia no evidence to show that one
was ever made, and it is almost certain that one
does not exist. Prof. Alexander L. Nelson,
who ia now in years of service at Washington
and Lee University the oldest professor, an
who waa closely associated with Gen, Lee dur-
ing his ineumbency as President of the Uni-
versity, said that he has no knowledge of a
death mask of Gen. Lee and does not think one
waa over made. The sculptor, Clarke Mills, was
in Lexington several years before the death
of Gen. Lee, and was not in Lexington at the
time of his death.

THE REORGANIZED RED CROSS.
Committee With Headquarters Here to Take
Up India Famine Work.

The firet work taken up by the American
National Red Cross under the powers con-
ferred upon it by the last Congress will be for
the rellef of the famine eufferers In India. To

ayold delava and to prevent complications
with the reorganization work, which will now
be carried on at natlonal headquartera in Wash-
ington, Miss Barton has placed the India
famine work in the handa of a committee with
headquarters in New York city,

This committee has selected for {ta henad-
qnarters roorma 908 and 004 In the Presbyterian
4uflding, 150 Fifth avenue. At 9 o'clock this
morning these rooms will be opened for work

the first relief work of the new Hed Cross,
The coumittee has selected as ita depository
of funds the North American Trust Company
of 135 Broadway.

Under {ts new powers oonferred by Congress
the American National Red Cross. has full pro-
tection for its insignia. Unauthorized _per-
sons or societies using the name or the emblem
of the Red Cross for the purpose of procuring
money are Hable to punishment under the law.
In its new form the Red Cross will astablish

ermanent auxiliaries in all parts of the Unitec
Btates, with branches in Cuba, Porto Kilco an
the Philippines. ’

 

 

CIGAN MAN ACCUSES POLICEMAN,
Says the Cop Threatened to Pat Him Ont of
Business and Worked for His Rival,

Charles Rhein, who keeps a cigar store at
Fifty-second street and Ninth avenue, made
somewhat of a fusa yesterday morning when
he was arralgned tn the West Side court by
Polleeman Lae of tha Wast fortr.sevent
street station, who charged the cigar man
with ving been drunk and diso Gert neg
SaturGay_ night, 1 «policeman ¢ e'
had troubled iim becatise 8 had “shooed"
a customer away from the cl@ar store.

“This policeman * aaid Rhein, “is trying to
put me out of business, He hangs ou in the
cigar store next door to mine,

“T gee,” sald Magistrate Brann. “He ts
working for the other cigar store man.”

“That's Fg " aald Rhein

“You're charged,” sald the Magistrate,
and Rhein walked out in high glea.

FIRE IN R. M. HOR'S HOUSE.

 

 

The Caretaker Says It Was Struck by Light-
ning—Polloe Sceptical.

The realdence of Richard M. Hoe, a real estate
dealer, who lives at 11 East Seventy-firat street,
caught fire yesterday afternoon and did $1,000

damage to the basement of the bullding. Mr.
Hoe isinthe country, The caretaker of the
house, a nan named Newton, told the police
that one ofyhe electric wiresin the house had
been «truck by Jightning. The fire didn't start,
according to the police report, until 2:40, and
the police say that the storm was over by that
time. The police report that the prinet-
pal damage was done to an electric lighting
plant which was in the basement. The care-
taker of th» house refused to talk to reporters
about the fire

 

SECOND BATTERY RETURNS.

It Had a Fine Time at Long Branch and Now
Hos a Silver Loving Cup.

Tho Second Battery returned to New York
yesterday from Long Branch, where they went
last Friday to take part in the military tourna-

ment While at Long Branch the committee
having the iournament in charge presented a
silver loving cun tothe battery. Yesterday the
four officers and fifty-two men of the battery,
under the command of Capt. David Wilson,
were loaded o1 flat cars, the horses were put io
box cars, and the battery returned to New York
over the Central Railroad of New Jersey, They
marched up Broadway to their armory. The
men were al! well and reported that they hada
fine time at Long Branch.

TILLMAN ACCU
Says That Four of Them Have Tried to Defeat
the Dispensary Law's Success,

Coummara, 8. C., Aug. 26.—In his last apeech
of the State campalgen made at Marion last night
Senator Tillman named the editors of the Co-
lumbia State, Charleston Newa and Courter,

Greenville News and Spartanburg Herald, the
four chief dailies of the State, and deciared that
they had thrown every obstacle in the way of
the euceess of the Dispensary law since its en-
actment. He sald he beliewed they were the
peld agents of the Whiskey Trust. There will
ye sorvhing rejoinders.

A Baptist preacher met the Senator on the
etand In joint debate. Tillman's frienda tried
to howl fim down, but he came off on top.

 

EDITORS.

 

 

 

The Weather,

The low pressure which passed into Canada and
the high pressure over the south Atlantic coast made
a combination which caused warmer weather tn all
the country east of the Missiasippl yesterday, while
the general depression to the west of that river kept
the weather warm In that section.

Thundershowers were frequent over the Obio val-
yey, the Lake regions, the Middle Atlantic and New
England States and tn scattered places in the Central
States, elsewhere {t was generally fair. It should
continue warm in this section to-day,

In this city the day was falr, except for a severe
thundershower which In ithe early afternoon passed
over the city from west to east. The wind was gen-
erally fresh and southerly, except during the thunder-
storm when it shifted to the northwest; maximum
temperature, 00 degrees at 1:50 o'clock; average bu-
midity, 67 per cent.; barometer corrected to read to
sen level at 6 A. M., 20.95; 5 P. M., 20.96,

The temperature as recorded by the offictal ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at
the stroct level, ls shown in the aunexed table:

—OMciaim Sun's —OMetals Sun's.
1900, 1490. 1y00, 1900, 1699, 1900,
OA. M.80° 72° 82°| 6 P. M.81° 74° aoe
12M 59° 7 §3°| OP. M.78* ve" 77
3 Pp. M.74° 7 78° 12 Mid. .76° 6u° 76°
WASHINGTON FORECAST POR TO-DAY AND
TO-MORROW.

Por New England, local rains and cooler to-day;
to-morrow, fair; fresh southwest winds, shifting to
north west

For eastern New York, eastern Pennsylrania, New
Jersey and Delaware, local rains and thunderstorms
to-day; to-morrow, fatr; light southwest winds.

For District of Columbia and Maryland, local rains
and thunderstorms and not sOwarm to-day; to-morrow.
fair; ght southwest winds r

For Virginia, generally fair; warmer in western
part to-day: light southwest winds.

For West Virginia, western Pennsylvania and
western New York, local rains and not so warm te
day; to-morrow, fair; light to fresh south west winds.

  

=

=

New Fall
Dress Goods.

Exceptional Display of the
New Fall Grays,

the fashionable:color in Dress
Goods for the caming season,

25 styles of stripes,
22 styles of checks and plaids

 

in every conceivable fabric,
foreign and domestic, from
the lightest silvextints, to the
darkest Oxfords,

Prices 50¢., 68¢.,475¢., 85e,
$1, $1.25, $1.35, $1.50, $1.63
up to $4.25.

All 54 to 56 inches*wide,

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

ASKS 8100,000 FOR INJURIES,

 

Ex-Deputy Coroner, Whose Leg Was Crashed
in a Street Car Orash, Brings Suit.

Dr. Justin Merold of 375 Fast Eighty-seventh

street has brought sult for $100,000 damages

of 108 Fulton street, against the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company
injuries recefyed through the colliding of a
Second avenue electrio cor with a horse car
of the Fighty-simath street crosstown Line, upon
which he was @ passengerzgon May 81,
Herold’s leg was crushed in the collision and
he says that his practice has: tn consequence
been practically ruined.

Dr. Herold, who was a deputy coroner from
1885 to 1888, is a memberof the dounty Medical
Society, the Medico-Legal Sociuty, the County

Medical Association, the Society
Jurisprudence

of, Medical
York Acad-
an expert
rolsoning case, the
other famous
has written a book on “Le
h is aoe? A a@ text aos
or two years he been
on “suicides,
Herold investi-

medical sehools.

As a Coroner's physician
ated ¢ ve sudden death of Wildam H. Van-

GEN. SAMPSON BACK FROM ECUADOR.

 

Our Minteter Says the Country Ie Peaceful and
Prosperous—The New Treaty,

Ban Francisco, Aug. 26.—-Gen. Archibald
J. Bampson, American Minister to Ecuador,
arrived to-day on the Cosmos Line steamer
He will go to his home in Phonix,
Ariz.,forashort rest. Hesays Ecuador is peace
ful and prosperous.

His most important work has been the me
gotiation of a reciprocity treaty between
Ecuador and the United States which will be
of great benefit to this country, and espectia Dy

to California, as it will {
sumption of our flour ar
to the heavy tariff and
ta a pound in Ecuador.

Congress an
to our Congrmas

our, owing

for approval.
ty merican syndicate Ia

n a a
we will

 

 

©, F, U. and the LAquorDealers,

Delegates Pommer and Bohm-were appointed
yesterday as a committee by the Central Feder-
ated Union to attend the oorvention of the
State Liquor Dealers’ Asrociation in Pough-

ment with the association by. which th
dealers undertake to sell only union
cigars and employ onl
that tne C,
to patronize only the saloons of mem!
association,

Mass Said for Mambert tn Charleston, 8. ©,

CHarieston, 8. C., Aug. 26.—High Pontifical
Mase was celebrated here to-day in honor of the
late King Humbert of Italy.
memorial exercises were conducted at which
acting Mayor Rhet and Giovanni_Sotille, the
Italian Consul, made addresses
arand parade from the memortal hall t
Cathedral, which was led by the Firat Artillery
band, Mass was celebrated by the Right Rev,
Bishop Northrup.

A to complete

nion bartende:
U. urges ite m

 

Before thedmass

 

. Business Aotices.

ee

 

 

If you lack appetite, try half
Angostura Bitters before dinner.
genuine, imported from South America.

 

West Chester, NW. ¥.. at

Aug. 25, 1900,
atidr a brief Ulness, in the 44th year of bis age,
Frederick W., son of the late George Townsend
Adee and Ellen Loulse Henry.

Funeral at St Peter's Church, West Chester,"Tues-
day, Aug. 245, 1900, at 4:80 P. M. Train om the
Harlem River Branch of the New Haven RR.
will leave station, 120th st and 84 av., at 3345

Carriages will be in walling on arrival of

train at West Chester,

ARNOLD.—At Fort Chester, N. Y., at ber residenos.
on Saturday, Aug. 25, 1900, aftera Mn@ering fl-
ness Mary L., widow of Davia P. Arnold

Funeral service sat Christ Chureh, Rye, N.Y. on
Tuesday, Aug. 2%, 1000, at quarter past 11, A. M.
Carriages will meet train leaving Grand Central
New Haven Railroad, at 10:04 A, M.

ADEF.—At Edgewater,

bis residence, on Saturday,

r
ee

oF

BOYD,—At Oraugs N. J., suddenly, on A’
1900, James KR Boyd, in the 624 year of b
Funeral services will be held at the Church & the
Holy Communion, South Orange on Monday,
1900, at 10:45 AL M.. Trato leaves
New York 030A. MD, 1.&4W.R A
CLANCY, —Relatives and friends are invited to attend
funeral of Robert J. Clancy, from his late resi-
Gence, 48 South 15th am,
service Tuesday, Aug
Defendam Counell RB, A.
1804, and Fabian Union please attend.
GIDDINGS.—On Friday, Aug. 24, 1000, at his res
dence, 344 State st. Brooklyn, N. Y. Silas M

tetera
SAnorn
>

“7

ea

Honeville, N.

RS

Funeral services at 8t. Peter's Church, State st, on
Monday, Aug. 27, 1900, at 3:30 o'clock. Imter-
ment private.

GILNOOLEY,.—On Friday, Aug 24, 1000, at her
residence, 112 West 96th st, Margaret Dowd,
widow of Thomas G ilhooley,

Funeral Monday, Aug. 27,1000, at 11 A.M Io
terment in Holy Cross Cemetery, Flatbush

QUACKENBUSH,—On Friday, Aug. 24, 1000, the
Rev. Dantel Mel. Quackenbush, D. D., im his 624

Funeral services at his late residence, 3 East 04th
6t, atl! A. M., om Monday, Aug. 27, 1900,

SCRIBNER.—At Cormwall-on-Hudson, on Aug. 25,

1900, Frederick W. Seribner, eon of Mra & J.

Bervice at 260 East Bist 64, New York, Monday
atS P.M Interment a) cou
venience of family.

 

 

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.
Office, l Madison ay., corner 234 a: N.Y.

Dew Publication,  —>-

PRPAL LP DPD PAPA