someeps

ewe

ee a

i

ao

eS een CL eee

ee al

i ap

oe

———

6 P e A ene Se eae erg

on TI eT

  

 

DATLT pet Month. ...ce ees
GUNDAY, per Year. owes
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Yoar...- ‘
DAILY AND BUNDAY, per Month, verreseeess
to foreign countries added
— THE SUN, New York Clty.

  

 

PARIO~—Kiosgue No 12, ator Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Oa pucines,
Cnemnnnm
TY owr friends who favor us with manwecripta for
publication wish to have refected aritcles returned, they

 

 

Who Is Decetved?

‘The notification eneeches made at Topeka
by the Hon. Tromas M. PaTrRenson of Oolo-
rado in behalf of the Populists and by Judge
Rucker of the same State in behalf of the
United States Monetary League are a suf-
ficient commentary upon Mr. Brran’s lnd-
fanapolis treatise on the sham paramount
fasue, The United States Monetary League
is understood to be maintained by the silver
mine owners, Have they been mistaken tn
Mr. Bryan or are the returning prodigals
of the Gold Democracy mistaken in him?
Judge ReoKer’s speech would fill a
solid column and a half of Tu &vN.
There is not a word in it about anything
else than silver. The members of the
League want the Government to protect
the silver-mining industry by means of the
free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
What do the silver miners care about tm-
perialism? They wanta President who will
do something for silver. They know that
they can depend upon Mr. Bryan,

Mr. PaTrerson is the proprietor of a
ailver newspaper in Denver. He believes,
and has said candidly, that the election of a
silver Senate is possible. He wanta a silver
President and a silver Congress, That ts
why he isa Bryan man. To him the great
white dollar {a paramount. Near the open-
ing of hia speech he described the condi-
tions under which the Sioux Fails Conven-
tion assembled

* Its convention mrt when Congress had struck the
Anal blow against the Constitutional rights of the peo
ple over the money of the nation, and had refused
every public obligation against the interest of the
masses forthe benefit of the holders of the obliga
thongs. Sliver could no longer be used tr the payment
of the public debt, greenbacks were fn process ot
banishment to mabe room for the paper of the bank
ring, Congress had abdicated Its power to regulate
the volume of paper money and had turned that
function of government over to the banks, with power
to expand and contract the volume of the enrreney at
pleasure, and thus control the price of every product
Tt had closed the mintstothe free coinage of silver
and opened the Government printing office to the free
coinage of bank currency for the benefit of the money
syndicate"

Mr. Patrrrson sees tn Mr. Bryan not
only the leading silver man but a good Pop-
ulist. He essaved a harmony of the Demo-
cratic platform and the Populist platform
Notice the comparative space occupied br
imperialism and the money question in this
harmony:

“The platforms of both partiesrecognize the Declara-
ton of Independence as the spirit of our Government,
and that {tisthat spirtt alone which can bring baci
the Government to the {deals of the fathers. Roth de
clare for an American financial system in which the
free and unlimited coinage of stiver at the ratio of 16
to 1 shall be an easential provision. Roth denounce
the Currency Dill of the last Congress as a part of the
Republican conspiracy to abandon the sovereign
right of the National Government to fssur all money,
Doth coin and paper, and to permanently confer upon
@ bank trust absolute power over the volume of cur
reney, and to expend and contract the same at pleas
ure Both condemn the rethrement of the Lincoln
@reenback, with its full legal tender quality, and the
eubstitution for it, ata cost of more than $50,000,000,
of the national bank notes which are not legal tender
fnany sum whatsoever, Both denounce the lately en

acted Currency bhi amrasure to fasten a perma-
pent debt upon the country and, whatever the surplus
or however generous the revenues to support a per
manent bond boing class, to whom the Government

eball annually pay milifons as interest and upon
whose wealth of bonds no taxes for any purpose can
De levied Lothdemand the repeal of this Currency
law and the retirement of the national bank notes, to
be replaced with Government paper—the same as the
greenback and silver certificates,”

“ For four years, at least,” said Mr. Par-
TERSON, “ the two parties have been drink-
fing at the same fountain of inspiration.”
Precisely. At the fountain of Populism, in
which the returning anti-imperialist Gold
Democrats are asked to wash away their
apostacy

Judge DosTrR, who says that the rights of
the user of property are superior to those
of the owner, welcomed Mr. Bryan to the
Btate. Leepy and Lewrt.ino, each notori-
ous once asa howling Populist Governor of
Kansas, were on the committee of recep-
tion. So was the Hon, JoHn Prrer Str
doun, who left the Prohibition party, whose
candidate for President he had been, be-

cause his soul was flerce for silver. Are
these mer and the rest of the great host
of Populists, Silver Republicans and Silver
Democrats deceived in and by Mr. Bryan,
or is the little group of Gold Democratic
anti-imperialists deceived?
1864 and 1900.

In 1864 the Democratic party was in

very much the same condition in which

itis now. The war for the Union had been
going on for more than three years and it
was receiving the loyal support of men
of all parties. The ablest and most in-
fluential of the Democratic leaders were
known as “War Democrats.” First of all,
they would save the Union from destruction
and from them LINCOLN received cordial
and most effective assistance

What was left of the Democratic organ-
ization, however, assembled at Chicago
in August, 1864, for the nomination of a
candidate for President, and it adopted a
platform denouncing the war as a “ failure”
and demanding “a cessation of hostilities,”
on the ground that the Constitution had
been disregarded by LincoLn “in every
part" and “ public liberty and private right
alike had been trodden down.”

During the campaign of 1864 supporters
of this infamous platform went about
preaching from the stump that Linconn
was a tyrant and had established imperial-
fam on the ruins of the Republic, To re
elect him, they declared, would be to destroy
our free institutions and substitute a des-
potism. The harangues of 1864 were the
same in spirit and in their prognostications
of evil as are now those of the “ anti-im-
perialists,” from whom Bryan has been
taking lessons.

Then, too, our soldiers were on the fleld
fighting against an enemy to whom these
haranguers gave aid and comfort, as the
“ anti-imperialista” are now encouraging
AGUINALDO to further resistance. In 1864,
however, loyal Democrats in the field of
war and in civil places were faithfully
sustaining the honor of the Republic, as
they are doing now.

The platform of surrender was adopted
at Chicago on the 29th of August, 1864,
Three days later Hoop was compelled to

'

 

 

 

evacuate Atlanta. Three weeks later began
SHERtDAN’s series of victories in the Shen-
andoah. Lrncotw was reélected on the
8th of November, the surrender Demo-
crate carrying only three States out of
twenty-five. Six days after SHERMAN
began his march to the sea, and on the
Sth of April, 1865, or only about seven
months after the Chicago Convention had
denounced the war as a failure, came the
surrender of Ler at Appomattox.

The Union was restored, Did the prog-
noasticated “imperialism” follow? Were
“public liberty and private right trodden
upon?”

It is safe to expect that the triumph of
American sovereignty in the Philippines
will follow the reé@lection of MoKINLEr
even more speedily than did the restoration
of the Union the reélection of Linco~n in
1844. When AautnaLpo finds that Brran’s
attempt to assist him in insurrection against
the United States is scorned by the Amert-
can people next November as virtual treach-
ery, he will see the futility of further rebel-
lion, and this Republic, atrengthened anew,
will again proceed to reap in peace the
fruita of the victories in war

fish is poor to the taste and the salrnon ts
besides hard to keep. He would also have
the destruction of kelts or salmleta for-
bidden, and shows that these infant salmon
do not prey on small fish; he would also
have restrictions put on the capture of
grilse, the young salmon from the sea.

In the artificial propagation of salmon,
Mr. Hutoutnson has little faith, He refers
to unsuccessful experimenta in Great
Britain, and dismissea the achievements
of the United States Fish Commission
rather cavalierly on the ground that the
American salmon {s not the salmon of the
British Isles, His plea is for haste. Even
though artificial reproduction is successful
it takes years to bring asalmon to maturity,
and the destructive processes of nature
are such that from a hundred thousand
eges successfully hatched only one full-
grown fish may survive. Meanwhile the
netters are destroying more fish than nature
and the Fish Commissions can produce,
and he sees the extinction of salmon, save
as a rarity, in the near future.

Mr. Hutcuinson may be taking too
gloomy a view of the salmon question, but
the danger he points out is real. The
example of the fur seal and of the buffalo
shows how quiakly blind commercial greed
can get the better of nature’s power of
production, The endangering of the ex-
istence of the British salmon by the netting
industry may serve as a needed warning
to the canners of the Pacific coast, who are
destroying recklessly what should be a
boundless source of food. The salmon
catch in Oregon and British Columbia {s
reported to be a million cases leas than
last year’s catch, a deficiency that may be
reduced if Alaska does as well as last season.

 

Serious Business.

One theory, and only one can come out
of the Democratio campaign of antd-impert-
alism.

The tmpertalism which the Demo-
crate would do away with, the government
without consent of the governed or govern-
ment by some power other than them-
selves, has been seen in the govern-
ment of every new territory since the
beginning of expansion under JEFrEeR-
It is practised in all the Territories,

RON
conspicuously in Alaska to-day. It is | At best the world’s supply this year will be
practised in Hawali, in Porto Rico, in| only 2,400,000 cases instead of the 8,100,000

Guam and in the other islands now under
the American flag.

But the Democrats raise the issue tn ref-
erence to the Philippines only. There ts but
one explanation of this partiality

In the Philippines AGuTNALDO {ts in rebel-
Non, The Democrats must be for him for
that reason, for there is nothing else to dis-
tinguish the Philippinea from our other
new territory.

All that {s necessary, therefore, for any
section of the Union to throw off American
sovereignty isto rebel. ‘' Record the refusal
of your consent to be governed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States and go,"

cases in 1899, which were all consumed.

Recruiting the Navy.

The recent recruiting trips of some vessels
of our navy seem to have been successful.
Along the coast of Maine and of New Eng-
land generally the vessels of the North
Atlantic squadron have served as recruit-
ing offices, and have enlisted a number of
young men. Of course, recruits are not
turned away, even when they appear on
a flagship; but, as a rule, vessels of a aquad-
ron in home waters do not declare them-
selves specifically to be recruiting stations,
On their recent trip, however, they did just
that.

Under orders from the Navy Department,
the commanding officers of the vessels of
the North Atlantic squadron were directed
to recruit all good and qualified men who
might offer to enlist. These men were
not to be sent to the receiving ships or the
training stations at once, but were to be
put into the crew of the ships they might
enlist on and kept there, treated as other
men of the crew, until the fleet should reach
Newport or any other port where there ts
a training or a receiving ship. It was
thought that this would make the recruit
learn what the life was, instil in him some
naval habits, and make him understand
that even a landsman has a place on a naval
vessel, more quickly than a term at a re-
ceiving ship or at a training station. He
will be trained at one or the other of those
places yet; but he will go there with an
idea of naval life that he would not have
acquired if he had never been on a vessel
before.

Besidea the vessels of the North Atlantic
squadron, the tug Fortune was used as a
recruiting sergeant. The Fortune ts called
a tug, but she is a good-sized vessel, of
450 tons, carrying guns, and more like a gun-
boat than the ideal tug. She went up the
Hudson to Albany some three weeks ago,
and in two weeks enlisted fifty-seven men.
These were treated as the men enlisted
on the squadron were; that is, they were
kept on the tug, and brought back to this
port as sailors

Now the Fortune has atarted for the
Sound ports, New London, New Haven
and Norwalk. The experiment is interest-
ing. and if the quality of the recruits is
as good as their number, it may be said to
be successful.

the Democratic platform to-day, as it was
when the Union was rent forty years ago.

And what would be the result of Demo-
cratic suecess upon this theory? It would
be the irrepressible and continuous incentive
to sedition throughout the nation, and the
great consequence of {t would be, of course,
the nation’s disintegration and ruin.

The Departing Salmon.

British fish dealers as well as British
anglers have become alarmed at the rapid
diminution of the catch of salmon in British
rivers, They have petitioned the Board
of Trade to investigate the causes of the
decrease of the salmon and to find some
method for increasing the supply and a
Royal Commission has been appointed
to look into the whole matter. This step
not without reason excitea the fears of
Mr. Horace Hvutcurinson, for Royal Com-
missions like the mills of the gods grind
slowly and the resulta are often exceed-
ingly small. He thinks the salmon may
become extinct before the Royal Commis-
sion gets ready to report, and in an article
in the Fortnightly Review suggesta steps
that may be taken at once to preserve the
fish for Britain.

The decrease of the salmon {s admitted
on all sides, but there is a divergence of
views about the cause, turning naturally
on the opposing interesta of the persons
affected. Those who supply the market
by netting the fish ascribe the deficiency
to the caprice of the salmon, which runs
in greater numbers in some years than it
does in others, and for its whims they seek
reasons in conditions in the ocean and not
in the rivers, as for instance the prevalence
or searcity of herring, or unusual preva-
lence of icebergs. They hold that if they
did not net the fish it would be lost to man
on its return to the deep sea, The rod
fishers of the upper salmon streams, on the
other hand, are agreed that the fish is being
exterminated by the greed of the netters
at the river mouths, who will not spare
the salmon even when it seeks its breeding
grounds. This is Mr. HutcHINson's opin-
ion too, though he admits that netting
within proper limita is absolutely necessary
if salmon is to continue as a staple food for
Great Britain. He brings together many
facts, some not generally known, in support
of his proposition.

The salmon is, in the first place, a fish
of eminently regular habits, It is no
vagrant but returns year after year to ita
own particular river to breed. This is
shown by the fact that marked salmon
have been found repeatedly in the rivers
where they were first caught, while no such
salmon has ever been taken in a different
The salmon, moreover, enters fresh

 

To-morrow's Primaries.

On Tuesday, between the hours of two in
the afternoon and nine in the evening, pri-
mary elections will be held in all the thirty-
flve Assembly districts into which New
York is divided. The primaries are for the
choice of delegates to the conventions for
the nomination of State, Congress, Legisla-
tive and local candidates.

In thirty of the thirty-five districts in
town, in consequence of the successful
efforts for party harmony of Gen,
GREENE, the new Republican county chair-
man, and of the general conviction among
Republicans that amomentous Presidential
election is not an opportune time for fac-
tional contests, the delegates to the various
Republican nominating conventions will be
elected with substantial unanimity. The
five Assembly districts in which there are
factional Republican contests are the Four-
teenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-
ninth and Thirty-second,

On the side of Tammany Hall there are
six district contests impending to-morrow,
contests prosecuted with great diligence,
thoroughness and bitterness during the
early weeks of summer. These contests
have not been without some personal re-
criminations, likely, as it has been gener-
ally assumed, to leave deep traces of bitter-
ness and resentment. That expectation,
however, does not accord with the philo-
sophical remark which Mr. TrLDEN, astute
observer of political conditions, made when
he was chairman of the Democratic State
Committee. Informed of the factional dif-
ferences among Democrats in one of the
counties of the State, his comment was:
‘' The more cats, the more kittens.”

The Assembly districts in which there
will be Democratic contests on Tuesday
afternoon and evening are generally on
the west side of town, They includethe
Seventh, Ninth, Thirteenth, Twenty-first
and Twenty-third districts of Manhattan,
and the Thirty-fifth district, which is in the
borough of The Bronx, and whereupon will
depend the nomination for Senator in the
Twenty-first Senate district, Inthe Seventh,
Thirteenth, Twenty-first and Twenty-third
districts the factional contests within Tam-
many turn upon the retention in authority
of the present Tammany leaders, against
whose continuance there is revolt, serious
in some cases, unimportant in others, but
inevitable in some districts under the exist-
ing obligations imposed on district leaders
and the restrictions established by law or
usage against their fulfilment

In the Ninth Assembly district there is a
renewal of the fight between the parti-
sans of former Commissioner of Police
SHEEHAN and his opponents having, or
ral spawning season. This leads to Mr. | claiming to have, the support of those
HUTCHINSON'’S remedy, namely a close | Tammany leaders opposed to Mr. SHEE-
season for , Salmon, beginning with the | man’s political influence and activity. It is

river,
water rivers for the sole purpose of spawn-
ing and during that process fasts the whole
time. Dr. Krxaston Barton, who has
made a searching investigation of the
salmon's stomach, finds that the catarrh
which has been noted in fish found in fresh
water is due entirely to decomposition
after death and occurs as well in fish coming
straight from the sea, In a freshly killed
fish there is no trace of it. Food is rarely
found in the intestines of salmon caught in
fresh water, whereas the fish just in from
the feeding grounds has ite stomach gorged,
usually with herring, the salmon’s natural
food. It is so voracious that if it fed in
fresh water it would exterminate very soon
the salmlet and fresh trout in the stream.
The Royal Commission must study her-
ring, too, before it will find out what ails
the salmon.
Dr. Heincke of Helgoland, who studied
the herring, says that they move about in
great shoals, coming in shore to breed and
going to deep water to feed, but that each
herring sticks to its own shoal and that each
shoal keeps to its own grounds for breeding
and feeding purposes. Some shoals deposit
their eggs in spring and others in the au-
tumn. Most probably the salmon follow
the herring, which would account for the
spring and autumn runs of the salmon,
and it may be even that the same salmon
stick steadily to the same shoal of herring.
At any rate they come to the estuaries only
when there is plenty of fish, and after they
are well fed, if there is water enough in
the rivers, they work their way up to the
headwaters. Dr. Barron, after examin-
ing the insides of the fish at all seasons
of the year, asserts that the ovaries and
milt are invariably small in February but
increase each month and that the late
autumn and winter are the salmon's natu-

Be) ok MAELO OE SOT

 

THE SUN, MONDAY, AUGUST 27,

 

autumn run, a period when the flesh of the | a contest in which no essential principle of

party policy is involved, but it {llustrates
the perfection of internal discipline in the
Tammany Hall organization, this being the
only district in town in which a contest
is prosecuted in veritable opposition not
to a local leader of Tammany, but to the
general management and direction of that
organization at the present time.

Party primaries are now conducted under
direction of the Polioe Department and no
longer under that of the several organiza-
tions, The safeguards established by the
new system are intended to assure a larger
participation in the matter of district
nominations than was the case formerly,
but, except in {solated cases, where a large
vote has been stimulated by factional con-
test, the lesson of ali previous primary
elections in New York under the present
law is the same: Only a fraction of the
voters of either party take part, and the
Percentage of voting Republicans {s de-
cidedly smaller than that of the Tammany
Hall men.

 

Mr. Bryan and Amertcan Mothers

In aspeech at Manhattan, Kan., last Fri-
day Mr. Bryan had this characteristio at~
tack of Bryanity:

“When an American boy dies for liberty his mother
thanks Gop that she gave her strength to bear and
Tear 4 son for such noble sacrifieg bul what American
mothers want to raise boys at eo much per head?
That is what im pertalism means. I believe in the expan-
sion of trade. I want this country to extend her trade,
but I would not put one American citizen on the block
and sell him for all the trade of the Orient if I had to
buy It by his blood."

Mr. Bryan {a not wise to appeal to the
mothers of American soldiers. Their sone
in the Philippines have been shot down
by men who have been incited and enoour-
aged by his words.

Andif Mr, Bryan's preposterous scheme
of guaranteeing the independence of the
Philippines were carried out by the United
States, we should be likely to see such wars
and waste of life as the United States have
never known.

Possibly Mr, Bryan believes that Amert-
can mothers would thank Gop that they
had reared sons to die for AGULNALDO,

The Democratic and Populist candidates for
Congressin the Seventh Kansas district have
withdrawn and a Fusion candidate will be nom-
inated {n September, As the home of the Hon.
JERRY SIMPSON this district is dear to the heart
of man, That statesman has been greatly
buffeted of late. If he is selected as the Fusion-
ist man, there will be sighs of joy from all
admirers of greatness andof plutocrat-chasing
plutocrats. So long as the Sockless SOCRATES
is not accepted by the faithful Fusionists of the
Medicine Lodge region, we must feel that, in
the words of the Kansas City platform, our
most cherished {nstitutions are in great
danger.

CONCORD, Aug. 25.—ERVING WINSLOW, Secre-
tary of the Ant Impertalist League, was seen at his
summer residence last evening. — Boston Glode,

He is much better seen than heard.

On Friday night the Cuban teachers safled
down the Delaware on their way home aftera
slay of eight weeks in the United States. Their
parting impression was of Philadelphia, where
they saw Indepandence Hall and the Liberty
bell and Fairmount Park and Chestnut street
decked with flags and the statue of Wintiam
PENN. They had been greeted with an outburet
of lyrical Cnstilian by the Philadelphia Press
and had listened to a speech by the Hon. Borrs
Penrose. They will have much to relate when
they reach Cuba,

Superintendent Prre‘’s idea has been car-

 

ried out to the letter and with signal
success The 1,500 teachers have been
broveht to this country and have started

on their homeward Journey without an ac-
cident of any sort. They have had their six
weeks’ sip of Harvard instruction and their
glimpses at the busy life of the United States.
Whatever new information they carry back
with them, one thing they all know, namely,
that they have been welcomed everywhere in
the most friendly and enthusiastlo manner be-
cause they were Cubans, and the welcome has
been th: samein Boston, in New York, in Wash-
ington and in Philadelphia,

That they should return with that feeling
strong in them isin itself sufficient justification
for the outlay in care and money of the expedi-
tion Itis pleasant to learn that Harvard Unt-
versity has been recouped, so far as money
{s concerned, for its generous and patriotio en-
terprise. For the time and trouble that its in-
structors and friends have expended the reward
must lie in satis‘action for the work accom-
plished, It will take time inevitably for the
educational seed that has been sown to grow
and ripen, but the moral effect of the visit on
the tevchers and on the people of Cuba will be
immediate and iasting. They have had brought
home to them, in one instance at least, how sin-
cere, un-elfish and friendly the sentiments of
the people of the United States are toward
Cuba and the Cubans.

In one of his speeches at Omaha, Col. BRYAN
advised his hearers to study the questions at
issue. Why doesn't he set the example?

 

 

 

The Hon. GAMALIEDL BRADFORD Is as much
charmed with Col. Bryan's Indianapolis
apeech asifhe had written it himself. He says
that {t is excelled by no public document since
the adoption of the Constitution. He may not
find the Topeka speech of acceptance as ad-
mirable at first, but new beauties will turn up
init. Mr. Braprorp knows how to carry ona
ewan farm.

Gen. J.C. Brapsnaw, long an eminent Topeka
Populist, and the maker of the Maximum
Freight Rate bill, has renounoed Populism and
will vote for MCKINLEY. He was the Colonel
of a Missouri regiment during the Civil War,
was ‘‘shot almost to pieces" at the Battle of
Franklin and brevetted Brigadier-General for
conspicuous bravery, Naturally he is “not in
sympathy with the Fusion stand on the war
question.’ There must be a good many veter-
ans, not hitherto or of late Republieans, who
areas disgusted as he is with Brvanite sym-
pathy with the armed enemies of the United
States and the Bryanite proposition to haul
down the flag ini the Philippines.

The Wisconsin Democrata pledge themsesives
to vote for their “matchless leaders, WILLIAM
JENNINGS BRYAN and ADLAI E. STEVENSON.”
So Mr. STEVENSON is matchless, too, And if
matchless, then peerless. A great ticket for
adjectives.

 

 

 

Free Silver or Nothing.

To THE EpIToR OF THE SUN—Siér:
Bryan an anu imperialist?

It was stated atthe time of the Kansas City Con-
vention that Mr. Bryan notified the convention that
he would notaccept the nomination unless 4 plank
for free silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 was placed
squarely inthe platform. At that time the plank de-
nouncing imperialism was already embodied tn the
platform. This story has never been denied.

Therefore, Mr. Bryan's position is this; On a free
silver platform he will defend the Constitution of the
United States and the Declaration of Independence
with his last breath; he will Night the imperialists to
the last ditch. But without free silver any old tyrant
can destroy the country, as far as he 1s concerned.

Are not the facts as Ihave stated them? and does It
not prove that with Bryan free silver isthe only rem-
edy against all ills, political or economic?

New YORK, Aug. 26 GOLD DEMOCRAT.

Is Mr.

 

Noted Men.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-—Sfr: In your
list of notables I fail to see the names of Hurricane
Branch, 4 detective of Suffolk, Va, and Green Kidd,
4 genueman of High Point, N. C., who has just passed
bis 100th birthday. FRANK A. HBYWOOD:

Wet POLWT, Va., aug. 34

1900.

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

The continued absence of reliable news or
information of any kind regarding the situa-
tion in China {s very significant, and goes to
confirm the belief that there is a serious diverg-
ence of views among the Powers
Government is taking steps that point clearly
to a desire on {ts part to have a free hand, elther
to codperate with other Powers or to act alone
The reason for this isnot farto seek. Events
are taking a form in northwest Africa that
may at any moment call for action on the
part of the French Government. In the face
of the possibility of trouble with Morocco,
involving perhaps complications with England,
it would be in the highest degree inconvenient
for large bodies of French troops to be working
in codperation with British troops in China.
France, therefore, {s assuming an attitude of
reserve and waiting on events. The sudden
rescinding by the Belgian Government of the
decision to send a contingent to China {6 a
symptom of the hidden currents running under
the surface of Furopean diplomacy at this
moment. So is the prolonged interview
between the German Emperor and the Prince
of Wales at Homburg, while Lord Salisbury
remains on the German side of the Franco-
German frontier in the Vosges, The change of
policy in Italy with the accession of King Victor
Emmanuel to the throne has also to be taken
into account, tending aa it does to a drawing
closer together of the Continental European
Powers tn the groups into which they are div-
ided, and to the carrying on of relations be-
tween the groups through the Powers exercising
the more active or predominating influence
in them.

It has been rumored that some time ago
overtures were made by Russia and France to
England for a partition of China, England be-
ing offered the Yangtse Valley, the others ap-
propriating the northern and southern prov-
{noes; and that England refused. What truth
there may be in this it is {mpossible to say and
the only thing that lends color to {t is the say-
ing attributed to the German Emperor some
three months ago, that Germany was not go-
ing to be ignored in any eettlement of the Chi-
nese question, The probability is that the ru-

 

 

mor was put about as a straw to test the
direction of the political currents. Be
that as it may, for more than two

months before the murder of Baron Ketteler
fo Pekin there were mysterious rumors going
about that an explosion was to be looked for in
China at any moment, with hints that the agl-
tations going on among the Chinese were fo-
mented by foreign agents. The basis of these
reports was probably the fact that asylum
had been given to well-known Chinese political
agitatorea on British territory and that one or
two of them had received open protection, This
alone would be sufficient to alarm the reac-
tionary party in China and cause it
to countenance the formation of societies and
bands having for object the expulsion of all
foreigners from China, and the extermination
of those Chinese who, by reason of their change
of religion, were more or less under the political
protection of the countries whose missionaries
had converted them.

The present suspense is undoubtedly due to
the fact that the contingents and warships of
the various Powers now on their way out to
China have not yet arrived. When they have,
we may expect to see matters taking a decided

turn.

The latest news concerning the military
situation leads to the expectation of more
fighting in the nelahborhood of Pekin. A

division, 10 000 strong, of German drilled troops
under Yuan Shih Kat, Governor of Shantung, ts
reported to be on the march to the capital, and
the Japanese cavalry sent {n pursuit of the
Imperial party has been obliged to fall back
before a large body of Chinese horse, Other
Chinese troops are reported coming from the

west, The latest official information at Wash-
ington from Pekin is only down to Sunday,
the 19th.

 

A Great Campatgn Orator—True Story.

“Up in Greene county, New York State,”
saidactty politician, “where I used to go on
pasture every now and then, lived Jeptha
Vining, who was oneof the leading citizens up
{n the Hensonville neighborhood, and Jeptha
wos a yard wide and all Democrat, During the
Cleveland-Harrison campaign of 1892 there was
a fair held at Cairo, the lead ng town, and I was
there. Oneof the features of the show was a
Democratic meeting and there was to bea lot
of oratorical talenton hand. The news of it
had been scattered broadcast over the rural
districts and there was a fine turn-out from
every direction, Hensontille coming in force,
and among her contingent was Vining. We
were old friends, and, naturally enougn, were
gind tosee eachother. We talked about per-
sonal matters for a time, but the topic of ab-
sorhing interest was the meeting and we got
onto that as soon as we could

“We're going to have a big time to-day,’
said I,

"Tl guess we air,’ admitted Jeptha

* "Yes, andthe speakers they have got are
good enough for a national occasion.’

“*There’a only one that I keer pertickeler to
hear,’ said Jeptha, ‘and I've clean fergot his

name.”

“Is tt Col. Danforth?’ Linquired

***No, that don't seem to be it,’ said Jeptha
rubbing his chin

“*Ts [t Judge O'Gorman?’

“No, it ain't him.’

* ‘Maybe it isCap. Conners of Mount Vernon;
he's a rattler.’ ;

“Jeptha shook his bead.

* ‘Seems like | ought to know,’ he sald, ‘but I
can't somehow call it.’

* ‘Well, whoever itis, said I giving up the
list, for 1 didn't know.all of the speakers my-
self, ‘we are going to have a big time and Tam-
many Hall+ ~

“ *There,’ interrupt od Jeptha, his face gleam-
{n@ with joy at the discovery, ‘that’s him.
Tammany Hall isthe feller. I've heerd more
about himthan all the rest uv ‘em, and I'd
ruther hear him speak than anybody. T'll be
dinged ef I believe I'd acome tothe meetin’ ef
{t hadn't been fer him. Thev do say he’s a
ainuine spellbinder frum wayback.’

“Aandso on for considérably more, but I never
said a word to the contrary, and after a while
Jeptha went on his way tickled plumb down to
the grount over the big th ngs he was expect-
ing from Tammany Hall that day at the Cairo
Fair."

 

A Remarkable Man,

To THR Eprron oF THE SUN -Sir: Gen. Paul
Cluseret, whose death you announce tn this morning’s
issue, was 4 most remarkable person. He was all
you state in your notlee—soldier, adventurer, revolu-
tonist, Journalist, Anarchist He was possessed of
the spirtt of unrest to a degree that rendered him the
Genius of Mischief. He was never content with con-
ditions, but always was at war with them He was
imperative to the verge of Insolence; therefore he was
intractable and Insubordinate. He never questioned
his own right perception of things. and was ine
amazing egotist ever and always.

You might inferthat association with such a char
acter would be disagreeable. butit wasnot. He was
of superb form and fine physiognomy. and bis man-
ners in company, were the graces of the high bred

entieman. He was the best of talkers, even in his

oken English; In French he was brilliant, fasei-
nating, convincing, He was generous toa fault and
was the friend !n need in many very trying instances
that {Illustrated a rare nobility and devorto i.

But behind and before and above him wag the
shadow of a personality which embodied several na-
tures. Yourealized that you did not know him, and
felt, instinctively, his potentiality for evil or for good
—that his would be a remorseless pursuit of @ purpose.
In the Union Army his courage was more than heroic;
it was as If he was not'consciousof fear and had a

roud contempt for peril. He was, therefore, rebel-
flous under discipline and censorious of command.
His speech gave offence, and that ended his service
in the Federal cause. He was virtually dismissed, as
he deserved to be and then came to New York city
to enter upon plot, and scheme, and conspiracy that
finally puta price on bis head tn France.

The record of Cluseret’s life reads like the inven-
tion of some “wizard of the pen'’ who could make the
impossible seem real; and we doubt ifin mISOry ean
be found a parallel for this Chevalier Bayard, Faust,
Mephistopheles and Robesplerre all in one and the
same personage adv.

New YORK CIry, Aug. 24.

 

Ga Yes.

To THe Eprron or THR SUN-—Sir: Does
THE SUN think that a male shirt-waist heavyweight

would look any worse than doesthe female shirt-waist
heavyweight? FIVE ON A SEAT,
New HAVEN, Conn., Aug. 24.

How Tom Moore Found Jefferson.

From Success
" When in America, the Irish poet, Thomas Moore,
Was presented t> President Jefferson... He was
amaced to find the author of the Declaration of Inde
pendence “sitting ina homely costume, comprising
slippers and Connemara stockings.’ So gracious
was Jefferson's manner, however, that Moore after-
ward spoke of the short visitas “an event not to be
forgotten.”

}

The French |

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  

TWO SEPTEMBER CONVENTIONS.

The Determining Distinction Between the
Repubiicans and Democrats tn New York,
ALBANY, Aug. 26.—Both Republican and Dem-

ocratic State nominating conventions will be

held in Saratoga this year, the Republican Con-
vention on Sept. 4.and the Democratic Conven-
tion on Sept. 11, Just one week intervening

The Democratic Convention will have 450 dele-
gates, of whom 177 will come ffom the four
counties included within the boundaries of the
Greater New York. From the 67 counties out-
side of New York, of which not more than three
or four are usually Democratic, and of which
one only gave a Democratic majority in the
Presidential election of four years ago, there
will be 273 delegates, a controlling number. The
Democratio representation is based on the
Assembly apportionment which the Dem-
ocrats in their State convention, also in
Saratoga, in 1804, denounced as “a Republican
gerrymander which makes outrageous dis-
criminations against Democratic localities,
denies cities of the State fair representation,
and by these partisan devices seeks to rivet
Republican control on the State for at least a
decade.” The Democratic Convention further
denouncing and protesting against “such high-
handed partisanship” invited all good citizens
to Join in the effort ‘to deliver the State from
this propesed political bondage."’ The early
ardor of animosity against this division of the
legislative districts of the State cooled soon
afterwards, for it has been adopted as the basis
of representtation for all party conventions,
and under it the 1,600 Democrats who tn 1808
voted for Augustus Van Wyck in Putnam
county, or the 1,600 who voted for him tn
Schuyler, have the same representation as the
10,000 Democrats who voted for him in the
Thirty-fifth district of New York or the 6,000
who voted for bim in the Twenty-elghth dis-
trict of Kings.

The practical effect of this division of dele-
gates ia toenable counties which have avery
small Democratic vote to exercise an tnordi-
nately large influence tn the nomination of can-
didates and to divest the Demooratlo State
Convention of the representative character
which such conventions should naturally exer-
cise. It is, therefore, quite possible, under the
Democratic system of convention delegatea, for
the minority party in atrong Republican coun-
ties to take a predominant Influence in nomina-
tions, and itis equally easy forthe New York
city delegates, standing together, to eke outa
majority in the convention by the support of
minor counties having a small Democratio
vote, alarge representation in the convention

In the Democratic State Convention of 1898 @
Lieutenant-Governor was nominated from
Chenango county, which gave his Republican
opponent 2,000 majority, a State Comptroller
from Dutchess which went Republican by 2,600,
a candidate for Secretary of Statefrom Niagara
which went Republican by 600, a candidate for
Attorney-General from Clinton, one of the
strongest Republican counties of the State,
which gave MoKinley 8,000 mefority in
1896, anda State Treasurer from Wayne, which
Mr. Roosevelt carried by 2,700. Under this
method of electing delegates a minority of the
Democrats of the State can nominate candi-
dates for all offices, and there is now in progress
much active canvassing {in the Republican
counties witha view of electing delegates who
areexpected toenforee thelr viewa upon the
representatives from Demooratic constituen-
cles. One of the sharpest of the preliminary
fights for control ts in Jamestown, Chautauqua
county, in which the Hill andanti-Hi!] partisans
measured theirstrength and the fll supporters
won. Jamestown, in which this lively fl@ht was
carried on, gave Mr. Roosevelt in 1898 2,923
votes and gave his opponent, Van Wyck, 049.

The Republican basis of representation for the
Saratoga convention of Sept. 4, 1s based upon
the McKinley vote at the Presidential election
of four years ago. There will be 971 Republl-
can delegates and those Assembly districts
which have a large Republican vote will havea
large representation at the convention; those
districts in which the Republicans are few will
have proportionate representation only. Thus
Assembly Districts 1, 2 and 8 in New York,
which include substantially the whole lower
part of the city below Canal street on the East
Side and Houston on the West Side, will have
collectively 1! delegates. The two Assembly
districta of St. Lawrence county, which {s
strongly Republican, will have 18, and one
Assembly district of Franklin which adjoins it
will have 7, a tota) of 25 delegates from three
Republican Assembly districta against 11 from
three New York Assembly districts which re
turn Democratic majorities. On the Demo-
cratic basis of representation the three strong
New York city districta will have 9 delegates to
Saratoga to represent 14,000 votes for Van Wyck
in 1898,and the three strong Republican dis
tricts in St. Lawrence and Franklin will have
exactly the same number of delegates to Tepre-
sent 7,000 votes cast for Van Wyck at the same
election In these two counties

The Republican basis of division makes the
Saratoga convention this year, like its prede
cessors for the nomination of candidates for
Governor and other offices, a representative
affair,andthe minor places upon the ticket,
generally renominations, will be distributed
among the Republican counties as {n 1898, when
the nomination for Comptroller wentto Buffalo,
for Attorney-eneral to Oneida, for Treasurer
to Auburn and for State Engineer to Water
town, It is under these conditions that the
field of nomination {n this year’s Republican
State Convention is subject to the determina-
tion of the Republican electors, whereas the
Democratic nomination {s a matter of polftical
combination chiefly, {n which countles {n which
Democrats are few and Democratic majorities
are unknown have a large share in the shaping-
of the result, regardless of the fate of the Dem-
ocratic State ticket when nominated,

 

 

 

Mr. Huntington Was ‘' Responsibility."

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: The editor
of this week's Town Topics Insists that Rusvell Sage,
and not the late Mr.C. P. Huntington, was the donor
of the $700 In the competition for The Man Without
the Hoe.”

Is this correct?

New YORK, Aug. 25.

No.

F.W.G

 

Yes, but Let Him Not Go Beyond the Last.
TO THE EpITOR oF THE SUN—Sir: Can he
come in? Mr. P. Wax ts doing business asa cobbler

here (n ‘Frisco. G, L. BAssour.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 20.

 

Quite Time.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN-Sé: Since Bryan
constantly changes the political {ssue and insists that
eachone!s Paramount, fs it not about time to honor
the great man with the ttle, Paramountedanke

SYRACUSE, Aug. 24, H, D. DipaAMa.

 

 

 

One Day as a Tribune of the People.

From the Chicago Times-Herata.

At considerable trouble and expense we have suc.
ceeded in obtaining a programme of Mr. Bryan's
operations forone day. Here itis:

7A. M.--Getup. Examine bald Spot

7:30 A. M.—Breakfast, e ting with knife and drink-
ing coffee out of saucer, to emphasize common inter-
est with plain people.

8A. M-~—Photographed while tn act of shocking
corn previously cut and prepared for occasion,

9:30 A. M—Reeeive notification commitsees from
various wings of Popullst parties.

10 A. M.~Photographed with star-spangied ban-
ner, James Creelman and porch pillars for Dack-
ground.

10:25 A. M.—Photographed whetting scythe, thus

displaying opposition to int .
machinery. 7 0! roduction of labor-saving
10 M.—Speech on free silver, -
ences to white metal and 16 to 1 omthen= © whe
2 Noon~Photographed carrying water to the old

mare.
hy M.—Luncheon. Photographed eating corn on

co
2:45 P. M.—Dig peck of potatoes

Onksloosa gamers eoTrs ae

.—Keception of Brownsville, South Dakota

Silver Republican notification com

Shiver Nepal on mittee and speech

5:20 P. M.—Photographed stringing beans for 6up-

per.

6 P M.—Dinner. Photographed with na
tucked Inside collar to tilustrate prin
Regenee 30 sg scratic princtpien ans cmphacios a6-

~—Plashiight photograph, with
stalks, wisps of straw. sheay era
trough as ‘‘properties."” eevee SS Gate Ope hog

10 P. M.—Rub bald spot with hair medicine and Tr

re.
Incidentals as they happen to occur

     
 

  

 

AN OPEN LETTER,

To a Renegade Defender of Honest Money,

To Edward M. Shephard:

You as an American citizen are at }\).
erty to change your political faith
day, if you see fit, but when you try
to influence others by such tommy-rot ay
your letter contained, it demands a challenges
at the hands of every loyal partner in this glory.
ous and permanent republic, and I, thoug)
only a fraction of one, owing to the extra re.
resentation some of the Southern citizens arg
getting through the disfranchisement of th»
colored voters, take it upon myself to ask yoy
the actual reason why you have taken this; os).
tion and not the one you purport to give {p
yourrecent letter.

Do you think you oan make one oltizen of
this most enlightened and most glorious coy.
try believe that our President, who asa boy of
17 went to the front and for nearly four years
during that awful and most trying war, daily
offered bis life as a sacrifios forthe preservation
of the Union, and would do 80 to-day tf ft werg
necessary; dp you think the Presicent, who has
done more actual work for the benefit of }\y
country since he has occupied the chair thyy
any President since the birth of the reputio,
could be guilty of doing anything that would
lessen the liberty of itameanest citizen? Do yon
think the man who left @ high political om.
and the most beloved wife and family and suf.
fered the same hardships that his meanest
soldiers were exposed to, the man who led, not
followed, his men in that glorious charge whioh
made it possible to keep our promise to the
Cu Patriots ie any the less a patriot thant
Enban petriges be ¢ whe are (trying to scare mr}
with this new buga of imperialiam; aid who
through thetr sympathy with that arch trait
Aguinaldo, are indirectly responsible for tha
death of the brave Lawton and thousands of
uf best ecldiere! 4

you want us raw a comparison betwee:
the patriotisi: of Vresident MoKinley, Who
never flinched a duty toward his country, with
he self-asser'ing man who boa ted weels
ore the (hicago Convention that he would re-
ceive the nomination if he were allowed to
make a speech, and who, after waiting until tie
war with Spain was practically over, formed a
company of Volunteers so that the President
would be forced, 01 account of bie high polit-
ical position, to appoint hiin Colonel thereo:?

Would you ask us to compare the | atrotism
of the gallant leader of the Rouch Riders, wio
not only fought for his country as bravely as
any man in the world’s history, with the former
Vice-President who lived through two wars
sympathizing with the enemy? ,

lam one of thearmy cof commercial travel-
lers and bave travelled in thirty of our Slates
but I don't think fn all of them I could find one
single citizen who would belleve that your req!
roomen for deserting McKinley was the feurt at

e would turn our Government into an en pire
Trusting that this letter, if it does not hive the
effeot of making you see yourself as thousands
of us see you, willat least make some of 1
fellow voters goneider well before they follow a
man who has fallen from the high pedestal of
true statesamanship Into the very lowest deptia
of political mire, I remain, thanks to Bryans
fellow Colonels in North Carolina and some of
its sister States, only three-eighths of a citizen
of this glorious republic, RK. Kant

every

 

 

If You Bet You Cannot Lawfally Vote.

To Tae Eprron or Tre Sun—Str: In a
State in which there ts a new otvilization and in
which the people are undergoing the process of
adapting themselves and the law to each other
it is by no means strange that after the lapse of
years there should be oocasiona! inatances of
statutes that are “dead letters, "that is to say,
statutes the enforcement of which publio opin-
fon will not countenance. In New York, how-
ever, there isa law which, although the people
deem ft eo important as to justify ita insertion
in the Constitution, is po more obeyed or en-
foroed than if {t had never been written.

The Constitution of New York, Article II. seo-
tion 2, provides that “no person © * * © who
shall make or become directly or Indirectly in-
terested in any bet or wager depending upon
the result of any election shall vote at such
election.”’ What is mors, it is a felony for one
to vote at an election upon the result of which
he has made a wager. The Penal Code of New
York, section 41, provides that “any person
who knowingly votes or offers to vote at any
election or town meeting when not qualified
* © © © is guilty of felony, punishable by tm-
prisonment in a State prison not less than two
nor more than five years."’

It would be interesting to hear {t explained
why the above provisions are not enforced or
repealed. Do the men who make bets on the
coming election and rush into print about {t
know that if they vote at such election in this
State they will be guilty of a felony?

Nortupont, L. L, Aug. 26. BENEDICT.

 

Baseball.

To THE Eprror oF THe Sun—Sir: Your pos-
tion on the baseball matter ts most right and proper
as well as for the interest of the game; and it is
strange that the “magnates” can‘tsee {tt Twelve or
twenty clubs wont revive the interest tn the game
unless the manner of playing itis changed. People
who would enjoy baseball do not enjoy slug
ging matches—s lot of Indians, howling and danci:«
& War dance around an umptre—the ecurrilous ian
guage of the players, or debating matches during the
game.

IT am a 33-degree erank, ‘but have only seen one
game this season. THIRTY-THIRD DEGRER

 

Por Aguinaldo and Bryan.

From a Letter tn the Seranton Truth From Lieut.
Murphy in Luson.

While I was at Tobaco I sawa proclamation of
Aguinaldo’s I don't remember the exact wording of
it, but the substance of {t was that a vote had been
taken at home in some of the States as to whether we
should keep the Philippines or give them their free
dom, the result of which wasa big majority in favor
of the Filipinos. Further, it stated that there was 4
Great man inthe States by the name of William J
Bryan, who was a great friend of the Filipinos and
that he would be the next President of the United
States. Tle also sald that at a big banquetin Chicag
Mr. Bryan referred to Aguinaldo as a second Georg’
Washington

In concluding, he appealed to the people to hold
out till Bryan should be elected, and they would theo
be given their liberty and freedom forever. The pr
lamation was signed by Gen. Aguinaldo himsrif +
you see anything like this gives them hopes of at!
winning, and it cnuses 4 great many good people ¢
stay out, fearing that they would havea bad time
{tif they came in now and a little Inter the p
should be turned over to the people that might prove
to be their enemies.

ace

 

Democratic Contempt for “Anti-impertalism."
From the Memphis Commercias Appeal

There are complications in store for the near future
of no small proportions which the diplomacy or!) ¢
guns of the leading nations must settle The Unit!
States Government ts Interested only {n te pro
tion of Western etrilization, but ft should >
pared to play fits part effectively if called on wo dos

From the Richmond Times

Let no man deceive himself. The Mempn! m
merctal-Appeal points out, as the Times potr et
in ite Sunday article that the United States
ment must play an important part in the atais ff
the East, and a Democratic Administration can
more escape the responsibilities than a Hepuliics
Administration can escape them The United’
Government ts bound to proteet Its interests (o
Philippines, in China, and in other markets of |
East. We cannot, now that we have gone ©

ales

withdraw anc leave Russia and Japan and} €
and Germany and France to appropriate tts *
territory and parser! it out among themsrives. ere
ing the United States from trading with tue pep

of the East

Society at a Kentucky Funeral.
From the Hatet Green Herd

Quite a crowd of young folks from this place ave’ *
ed the funeral of Uncle Sam Ceell, which wa
at bis late residence on Grassy Creek on S
by Revs. E. K. Pike and others, In tte ‘
beauxs and belles we noticed the following |
Campbell of Carlisie and Miss Carrie Swang 4
Lacy and Miss Alice Wills; Howard < :
Misses Cordie Brennemen and Mollie !
last but by no means least among those «"
seats in that back was the petite peir, Mo!
and Miss Callic Vauiee. In the vebicle tr
following the aforementioned sundown was \!
tle Rose, accompanted by Robert Day, wo |
& pretty picture to look upon.

e

Knowledge vs. Wisdom,
/ rom the Chicago Record
eens the difference between knowlrcee &
om?"

it tak know ao auiomod
‘Well, it ee knowl ild
t ‘ odes to bu

v

 

’

 

 

vary st
presen
propert
people
elected
stand
of the
will be
and pre
His ele
na! for
debts in
par, an
The elee
would p
mot ent.
mercial
Demo
All the
for the
cal, and
served
for thei
The
nents of
inten tio
creditat
their r,
Mr. ‘sr
wilvo
the im
‘party.
nancial
enactme
profess
cratic
party
recognt
ard. T
@ weak
dence.
vention
United
1, and
e threat
pot, 0
various
taunted
alstency
standar
jopposi
wilver
Which t
prove
which |
to gold tt
action,
declare
Price to
party
opinion,
Ameri
tion, wo
tration a
ind ustri
tors of th
due to
The
Adminis
tinuanc
throw o
fo ite p
eombat
still far d
at all,
Republi
merely
not of t
His ve
too mb
ing it w
posed, ng
not first
pressed
he has
other ha
neering.
Kansas
to ime 0
fact if
therefo
imperial
would
@n unl
Mr. Bry
lead at o
the she
&eeurancd
there wa
weuld d
@ tablish
Under it,
only by
Japan, a
the gold
election a
toward
Whereas
Jump do
Clearly,
and rec
Coinage
Dorts the
elf as h
Neence or
“ue
Gems bhi
which sta
Moral seq
Teeentine
fentiment:
she ts
Atizens to
and the
& financia
h hia r
by his fel
peog
and wron,
that the
he would
femptatio
This vie
Soraratio
t© points
J
to Invade
of of
Sway os ff
Mights th
Agere,
Romie pro,
4 8overn
the restr,
Spon p