0 aemseree patie

Sete neem ae

eee ede NN aE

 
 

 

   

SS ae

~

|

oo epee een

“er

em on
re an eS

 

Continued from Seventh Page.

a

 

Ope High Low Clo
Bakes. Nem. im 6 ont, ing.
18620nt & West. 20% 21% 20% 20%
710 Pac Conat.... 55 56 55 56
17 PacC 24 pt. 65 65 65 65
1440 Press Steel OC. 40 40 a0 sa%
760 Press SC pf. 72% 72% 71 71
1645 Pacific Mall. 32 82% 31 als
872 Pull Pal OC O..186 187 186 187
100PCO&StL, 64 54 54 54
70 PCC&S Lp BO 80 #0 80
522 Penn RR....120% 120% 128% 12K%
76206 People's G&0O 07 07 06 06
700 Reading ..... 17 17% 16%. =#17
14560 Read'’g Ist pt 690% 60% *6O7% 68
300 Read'g 24 pf. 28% 28% 2% 28%
1640 Repl &Steel Ld Ll% Li% 11%
SiS ReplaSpl. 564 54 54 64
ASTOGLSW..... 1a 13% 12 18%
16445 StL SW pl. 27% 30% 27% 3O
100SSS &I pl. 67 67 67 67
40600 So Pacific... 43 84% 82% 33%
1644 South Ry... Lis 1% Jt 11
2044 South Ry pf. 52% 52% S1% 52%
120081 Jo& GI 7 7” 7 7
cf
one 39° i 43 47% 43 a6
(
me ° mi 16% 16% %16% 415%
20S LASF.. 10 10 o% or
won) F . . 68% 648% 684 BRM
aed i? “* 84K 84% 988% 33%
2760 Stan R & T 5% 7 5 OM
6070 TennC al... 70% TO% 6% 70
100 TwnOy RT. 62% 62% 62% 62%
68 Third AVRRILI« Lils% Lily Thls
200 Tez PaoLnd 16 145 15 15
1625 Tex Pacific 14% 14% 14 14%
80464 U Pacific. 60% 69% SRK 5B
7487 U Pacific pf 76% %T6% 75% 76
100 USF&M 1% 1% 1% Is
45 US Express. 47 47 46% 45%
200 Un Bag&P 1i% 11% %10% 10%
470 Un B&P pt 65 6s 64% 64%
4250USRubber... BOK G1 20 Qui
6030US Leather. 10% 1% 10% 10%
1220US Leathpf 68% 6 68, 608
100 Wabash . 7 7 7 7

550 Wabash pf 18% 18% 18 18%
10 Wells FarFx. 124% led Leahy 124%
4244 WesUn Tel... 80% B0% TO% T0%
700 WhaL Erin BY at 8% Ru
SISW4&LEIatpt 46% 46% 46 46
1830 WAL E2dpt 25% 24% 23% RBH
A50 WisCentral. 14% I4% 14 14%
546 Wie Cen pf BR% BS8&% 3S 38

Total salen 666,129 shares
* Ba-dividend

si ScnparY, Aug. 26
The weekly statement of averages of the

Clearing House banks shows:

A 18. A 25. Cha
Loans... $814.853,800 $817,192.30 Ime $2,616,700

  

te 404,817,400 001,356,800 Ine, 7,084,500
oY ‘$m. 28,083,600 24,586,000 Ine 602,400
Lit'rs 75,213,600 75,606,800 Ina 483,200
Specie... 168,022,000 178,681,200 Inc, 4,604,300

 

Rea’ ve.$244,136,500 $240,224.000 Inc $5.901,500
Resarved’ 223,579,480 228,339,078 Inn 1,750,625

Surplus $20,557,050 $28,488

$20,557,050 $28,888,025 Inc. $3,331,475
The surplus a year ago was $12,878,525 and
two years ago, $21,343,300,

The imports of general merchandise, includ-
ing dry goods, at the port of New York last
week were $0,779,774, against $8,272 501 the
previous week and $7,303,274 for the oorre-
sponding week of last year. The |mports of
apecie for the week were $65,812, of which
$11,531 waa gold, nang total specie importa
gree Jan. 1, $4,493,047 xporta of specie were

old, $5,427, and ¢silver, $195,705, a total of
$1,201,222, against $9,538,634 the previous week.

he exports of specie since Jan. 4 have been:
old, $48, 108,314, and silver, $33, 208,695, a total of
$81,407,009.

The official count of the cash in the Treasury
to-day, not including the gold reserve of $150,-
000,000 and $734,286,679 in gold, silver and notes,
against which certificates are outstanding and
compared with that of last Saturday, shows

Aug. 14 Aug. 25.

Gold _cotn, bullion and
errtifcates. . $72,501,359 $67,652,061

Silver dollars, bullion
and certificates, . 14,662,804 13,321,034
United Statesnotes.... 25,825,120 25,484,757
Other assets . 26,076,488 $0,671,483
Net available cash ——————— -—--—--—
balance... : -$130,514,771 $1357,120,555
The Treasury Departrnent to-day received

bonds to the amount of $183,800 to be exchanged
for the new 2 per cent. bonds of 10930 under the
Refunding act. The total amoun: of bonds re-
ceived to date is $329,620, 200.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC—THIS DAY.

Sun riees......5:20 | Sun sets .6:44 | Moon seta.,.7:27
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.

Bandy Fook...4:51 | Gov. I'd...0:23 | Hell Gate...11:16

 

Arrived—SUNDAY, Aug. 26.

Ss Furnessia, Young, Glascow, Aug. 16.
Sa Caledonian, McLean, Liverpool, Aug. 15.
Ss Honiton. Soeberg, Danizic, July 24.
Ss Excelsior, Messier, Rotterdam, Aug. 13.
Ss Rrilllant, Keller, Stettin, Aug. 9.
Ss Vincenzo Florio. Montano, Genoa, Aug. 7.
Ss Tordenskjold, Thomassen, erage, Aug. 14
Ss Proteus, Gager. New Orleans, Aug. 22.
Ss Tallahassee, Askins, Savannah, Aug. 25.
Ss Hamilton. Boaz, Norfolk, Ave, 25
Ss Benefactor, Swain, Philadelphia, Ang. 25.
Se H. M. Whitney, Hallett, Boston, Aug. 25
Ss Manhattan, Bennett, Portland, Aug. 25,
Bark E. S. Powell, Wyatt, Charleston, Aug. 19.
ric Fides, Cafiero, Nantes, June 20.
rig Atalanta, Darling, Humacao, Aug. 9.

ARRIVED OT.

Sa Ftrurta, from New York, at Liverpool.
Ss Anchoria, from New York, at Glasgow.

SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS

Ss Campania, from Queenstown for New York®.
Ss Westerniand, from Antwerp for New York.
Ss City of Rome, from Moville for New York.

OUTGOING STRAMSHIPS
Safl To-morrow.
Matis Close, Vessel Safle

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

  

 

 

    
  

Belgravia, Hambure 7O0AM
Hu , CUNO ccc cccsous 100PM
Cratgearn, Newcastle .... és
anche, Charleston.... s00PM
Fi Oo, New Orleans... .ceseeeese 300P M
Sail Wednesday, Aug. 2a
New York, Southampton 7OO0AM 1N NOAM
Majestic. Liverpool 9AM 1200M
Friesland, Antwerp. 1930AM 1290M
Seneca, Tampico 100P M 3s00PM
Comal, Galveston. ; S00PM
Grangenae, North Brazi|. 209P M 400P M
Mount Vernon, Hayt! 1900 AM 1200M
oail Thursday, Aug 3%.
Kateer Friedrich.Hamburg 430AM 1NMD AM
L' Aquitaine, Havre ...... 430AM 1N00AM
P. der Grosse, Bremen. : 100P M
Pretoria, Bermuda AOOAM 1N00AM
Yucatan, Havana 100PM S0OPM
Niagara, Nassau ee 190PM s00P M
Iroquois. Charleston ..... 3s00PM
Norge, Denmark......... 1100AM 200PM
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS.
Due To-day.
acedonia. cceveee SMCS. co eceeee eee 24
nediet Para 13
Belgia . Hamburg 13
indoo Hull is
ritish Fam pir -Antwerp...... 13
Georelc . Liverpool 17
Fi Rio «New Orleans. ......Aug, 22
WMO sce cedtcvacereveen London,.....+... Aug. 16
Due Tomorrow
Kaiser W. der Grosse Bremen Aug, 21
Southwark : Antwerp Aug. 18
Grosser Kurfuerst..........Bremen — . ....es0 Aug. 18
Taormina ‘ Hamburg Aug. 18
Karamania Gibraltar Aug. 15
Maracaibo......... . Curacao Aug. 20
Alleghany................. Port Limon Aug. 20
. Colon Aug. 21
. Jacksonville...... Aug. 2
Due Wednesday, Aug. 29.
++ Liverpool Aug. 22
. Bremen Aug. 18
. Otbraltar Aug. 20
London... Aug. 17
St. Michae .. Aug. 19
Barry . Aug. 16
-New Orleans... . Aug. 24
Galveston. Aug. 22
Due Thursday, Aug. 49.
British Queen...........+ Newcastle Aug. 18
seweeeee . Havre ‘ Auf. 16
Algiers.......... sooo New Orleans Aug. 24
TOIT: c 08 so ccssovessccss St. Lucta Aug. 25
Due Friday. Aug. S|
Columbia... Hambure Aug. 25
Cufic. .. Liverpool Aug. 21
Buffalo... «Hull... Aug. 18
Roston City..... Swansea 17
Lady Armstrong Stetttn 18
Zinnia -Batry 17
Cap Frio........ ‘Hambure 19

 

 

Court Calendars This Day.

Appellate Division—Supreme Court Recess
Supreme Court - § Mu ale L ~ Motion

calendar called at 10:30 A. Court opens
at 1030 A. M. Ex-parte matters,

Su te's Court --Cham bers. - For probate -- Wills
of Aolis Arnstein, Julia A. Grant, Harry Haulein,

vohn Obendropf, Mathew Daving, at 10:30 A. M.
oa, Court Special Term Courtopens at 10 A. Mv.
- ons

There Is No Excuse for It.

The idea that many advertisers have of keeping ap
QD expense simply to “ Esep th names before the
Citditiag resales mea satay sett

.
mental. Home ber this, and also ay 4 wees

P your orders again. The ate Board
ere use Tar Bux fo: liad’
@8 well as tne columns for cdvert rr dae —
\

a

 

A STATEN ISLAND FIRE.

The Firemen Came From a Long Way Off, but
They All Came and Did Their Best,

The man who had just moved to Staten Island
came to town yesterday with an anxious look
in hie eve and inquired of one or two oonfiden-
Hal friends whether there was any such thing
as an insurance office open on Sunday. Ne
did not care whether it was a fire or life offlee,
or both, They asked him what the trouble
waa and he settled back in his chair to tell the
tale,

“You know,” he said,
our place last night.
One or two said that they did not know it.

Then you don't Ive farther south than
Port Chester, "said the man from Staten Island.

Everybody in the greater city knows that
there waa a fire in our place last night tnless
he happened to be deaf and dumb or blind,
Well, anyway, this fire started about two hours
We were sitting in the bay

“there was a fire in

after midnight

window in the parlor jacking for
mosquitoes If you don't know what
that ia you ean't listen to a

Staten Taland story with any sort of sympathy
anyway. You take a Flobert rifle and load
it with duet shot cartridges and poke the muz-
vie through a hole in the window netting and
seta bicycle lamp on the window ledge outside
and the moaquitoea come booming up ont of
the South Beach marshes and you kill them
aa they fly across the track of I@ht. Mean-
time you give a rickey a chance to kill you,
It's bully fun, but it isn't the fire story We

had just got the light rigged when we no-
ticed that pone of the mosquitoes
seared to come our way at all We

could hear them going by in great numbers

an elghth of a mile to the east of ua but quite

out of the range of our light and gun. ‘Tnis
aroused our curiosity and My Lady went out
to take a look from the back window She came
back flying to tell ine that_all the north coast

of the island was on fire We were sitting up

to kill time beeause it was too hot to

merely

sleep anvway, and there was more sport tp
going to a fire than in potting mosquitoes any
way. so we went to the fire

“It waa a quarter of a mile from us, but it
made a blaze that rolled out over the tree tops
for a hundred feet into the alr. [| was quite
sure at first that one of the old family houses
that still stand down at thatend of the island
was going up in amoke. When we got toit,
though, it was only a barn and nota very large
barn The roof was beginning to. fall
through when we arrived and there was a large
house near encugh to. be in danger
from the fiving sparks. One or two men in
pajamas were € aking up and down the edge
of the mansard roof watching the sparks anc
one or two more were on the veranda, Five
or six sailors, who must have been on_ their
way to Tompkinsville anchorage from South
Beach, after missing the last train, were run-
ning up and down the yard stamping out little
blazes that were starting up from bita of blaz-
ing shingles. It was an utterly peaceful fire.
There was no sound exeept the crackle of the
flames, and an occasional shout from one of
the men on the roof to the sailors.

“Queer that there isn't any fire department
here, isn't it/’ asked My Lady after we ha
watched it awhile. She had thoughtfully put
on rubber boots to fool the mosquitoes, an
had more time to give to genre observations
than I did, consequently. dust then there
came the sound of a distant clang froin away
andaway up the boulevard. It was accompan-
ied by an undertone of many voices, each one
giving commands apparently. In a minute
or two more the front gate of the yard about
the big house opened and a white wagon drawn

by two horses and filled with men wearing
nightshirts and black and red fire helmets
dashed in, trailing a hose behind. They threw

the end of the hose in the middle of the yard
and dashed out again. After awhile a man
with a heavy rubber coat came out of the dark-
ness following up the line of hose. When he
reached the end of it he picked ithup and yelled:

“Turn on your water, No, 47."

“The hose gave a convulsive twist and threw
him about ten feet. He wrestled with it val-
iantly and other men came out and wrestled,
too, and they controlled it after awhile Phe
stream that eame from it did not reach the
burning barn and the hose was not long enough

to be pulled closer, but the flremen showed
their good intentions by squirting it in the
direction of the barn, anyway Then we
heard the clang of another bell and
another hum of voices Into the
rard swept another crew dragging a
Anes reel by a long rope. They were soldiers

from Fort Wadsworth and each one of them
wore some part of a Khaki uniform, There
was no room for them at the front hydrant, so
they trooped down a side road behind the barn
and found another. They. made their connec-
tion with it and brought the hose up in range.
They then discovered that they had no wrench
to turn on the water, They did not need an
engine, because the head of water is plenty
strong enough out there without artificial aid.
Failing to turn the water on, they danced up
and down and chattered like a flock of black-
birds. It seemed to be a profanity contest.
My lady said after awhile that she thought
army life must be demoralizing.

“Before the yfound the wrench ther needed
another hose reel had come up. The first
drop of water was thrown on to the fire, which
was practically over by this time, an hour
from the time when we first saw it. But as we
walked home we met an engine
and a hose reel coming from some part of the
island where they do not have any water
pressure, and before we were in the house
another went by. We heard others in the dis-
tance later onestly, when [ went outafter
breakfast this morning I expected to see the
Tottenville and Giffords contingents just com-
{ng along. They are earnest enough, our fire-
men, and they always go to a fire as soon as
they hear about it. Then they go back again
usually and report that the ‘fire was prevented
from spreading.’

“But [ wish [ could get some insurance some
how before night.”

THE REV. ROYAL H. PULLMAN DEAD.

 

Brother of the Late Palace Car Magnate Passes
Away at the Thousand Islands.

BALTIMORE, Aug. 26.- Information was re-
ceived here to-day of the death at ‘Camp Royal”
in the Thousand Islands of the Rev. Royal
H. Pullman of this city, brother of the late
George M. Pullman, the palace car magnate,
and of the Rev, James M. Pullman of Chicago
Last week Mr. Pullman was stricken with
paralysis and it soon became evident that he
could not recover, Theend came at9:80 o'clock
this morning. The remains will
to Baltlmore for interment

Dr. Pullman was 74 years old A son and
daughter survive. The former is George H,

be brought

  

 

Pullman, secretary to Clara Barton of the Red
Cross Society, and the latter is Mrs. Charles
E. Sinith of Evanston, lil Dr. Pullman was
bern at Auburn N. Y., being the eldest of a
family of ten children. He studied theology

and in 1853 entered the home mission fleld of
the Universalist Church. The following vear
he was ordained a full minister and lahored
in northern New York with much success. He
built, two churches there, occupied the pulpit
of the Universalist Church at Peoria, Fs
from 18867 to 1872, building the finest house of
worship in the town during his pastorate and
then teok the post of general secretary of the
Universalist General Convention, in which ca-
nacity he exhibited excellent executive ability
He displayed great activity and instituted pop-
ular religious meetings in various parts of the
country, In 1877 he was called to the Second
Universalist Chureh in this eity, where he at-
tracte! not less attention than he had done in
other flelis. Since 1887 he had lived in retire.
ment as pastor emeritus and giving the denom-
ination such services as his physical strength
permitted. He was a great traveller, encour-
aged acience, belonged to the Masonie frater-
nity, and at one time ran on the Republican
ticket for Congress, but was defeated
-

WILD DUCKS A PEST IN COLORADO.
Thousands of Them tn the San Luis Valley
Destroying Fields of Grain,

DenveER, Col., Ang. 26.~Wild ducka in the
grain raising section of the San Luie Valley
have become a serious pest. The farmers are
forbidden by law to exterminate them and
have applied to the State Gare Warden for re-
lief. Their crops, they say, are being destroyed,

The trouble began about five years ago, when
a number of ducks established themselves on
a lake formed by the overflow of a large artesian
well, This lake is the largest bod
water in that region. Its owner }
ing under the penalty of trespass

In the surrounding grain fields the birds find
an abundance of food. The climate is so fae
vorable that they remain there the vear around
The owner of the lake gives them complete
pretenses from hunters. Under these favora-

le clreumstances they have multiplied with
amazing rapidity until now it is reported that
hundreds of thousands of them make their
hope on tals one oad y of reser

‘or miles around the lake the grain fields
are visited daily by these flocks of ducks, and
their work is hardly less destructive than is
that of locusts. As the game season is not
ret open, the farmers cannot shoot them, even
n their own flelds. As a last resort the farm-
ers have sent one of their number to seek relief
from the State authorities, and he is now in
Denver awaiting the return of the Game
Warden

of standing
orbids hunt-

 

India Famine Relief Fand.
John Crosby Brown, 59 Wal! street, treasurer
of the Committee of One Hundred on India

Famine Relief, reports contributions on Satur-
day of $520.47, making the total to date
$221,188.23

——

 

 

I

CULE PRE THOR ET esas IT EEN

   

FLATBUSH'S HYMN PICNIC.

CHURCH CLOSED—CONGREGATION TOOK
TO THE RIVER.

 

An Old-Fashioned German Sanday at the Ex-
pense of a Hospitable Member Who Owns
Pine Tughoate—The Minister Went Along
Ends With a Dinner for Ali at Coney Island.

The congregation of the German Lutheran
Zion Church of Flatbush met yesterday on
the sea-going tue Admiral Dewey and spent
the day on asatl up the Hudson, singing hymns
and rejoicing in their freedom from city heat.
The congregation could not meet in the church
because the church had Just been painted and
the paint was not dry,

Capt, Henry Hoffman, who owns coal m
and coal yards and six tugboats and lots of the
other good things of this world, had a@ talk
with Pastor Paul F. Jubelt about the situation
and it seemed to them good that the congre-
gation, kept out of the church by the fresh
paint, should at least keep together for the day.
tugs \@ the Ad-

One of Capt, Hoffman's

miral Dewey, wihich was only launched
a few months ago and distinguished
herself at the great fire in Hoboken

by pulling the Bremen out into the stream
away trom the burning piers, She ts bigger
than some of the small excursion boats that
float around this harbor, and her owner thought
she waa plenty bia enough and comfortable
enough to carry a church excursion, He told
the pastor to get the congregation aboard.
There would be no lack of things to eat and
drink, he said, and some music and all free,
If the pastor thought it worth while to make
a charge for tlekets the church could have
every cent of the money. The captain did not
want to be bothered by that part of it, All he
wanted was to sae everybody have a good
time. His plans extended as the day wore on
and when the Admiral Dewey got back to Brook-
lyn early last evening the only person who
was allowed to go ashore was the captain's
son, who was sent ahead by trolley to Coney
Island to tell a hotel keeper to get up the best
dinner for sixty people that his cook knew how
to prepare, and to be sure that nobody except
Capt. Henry Hoffman paid the bill or any part
of Itt

“What a monkey business it is to ask me
‘Why do you do all these things,’” says the
captain, “My two boys were confirmed in the
church last spring. I want to show them my
interest for a good example. Besides, every-
body in the church ia my friend; I like best of
all in this world to have a good time with my
friends.”

There are about eighty families in the church,
Not quite half of them were represented on the
Admiral Dewey yesterday, The number of
tickets had been limited to the comfortable
capacity of the boat, and only those who ap-
plied for tickets early were able to get them.
The excursion has made a good deal of talk
over in Flatbush. Some of the people of other
churches, who do not see things as Germans do,
have been much worried about the propriety
of what they chose to call “a church pienio on
Sunday.” Precious little Capt. Hoffman and
his guesta cared what folks of other denomina-
tions thought of them, They were spending a
healthy, happy German Sunday in the good old
way of the Vaterland, and the next time the
church needs painting they will do it again.

When the congregation boarded the Ad-
miral Dewey at her berth in Atlantic basin
yesterday morning at @ o’clook, it was at once
apparent that the host had kept his word as
to provisioning the boat. On the bitts at the
stern, where the great hawsers that haul the
tow boats are fastened, were piled twelve cases
of ginger ale, and sarsaparilla and soda. Two
big kegs of beer stood to the right of them in
a reassuring attitude to rejoice every German
heart, and enough boxes of cigars to fill a bushel
basket were piled on a camp chair close at hand,
In the galley forward was a cubic yard of roast
beef sandwiches and another pile of ham sand-
wiches as large, while the cook and two as-
sistants stood by with knives and loaves of
bread to replenish the supply as soon as it was
exhausted, Stowed away in odd corners were
ice cream freezers and cheese boxes and crocks
of herring salad beyond the cataloguing of
any one but the keeper of a delicatessen shop.

Capt. Hoffman stood at the gangplank to
welcome each guest that came. Every one
of them, men and women, was known to him
by the first name. He joked the married
women who came with their husbands asking
them if they were afraid to go away from town
and leave the wicked man behind, and teased
those who had come alone by dreadful proph-
ecies as to the state of affairs they would
find when they went home. The captain
looks very very much like Gov. Roosevelt or
rather he looks as the Governor would look ten

vears from now if he led a more sedentary life.

he resemblance is heightened by a heavy
pair of gold bowed spectacles. It was very
warm in the Atlantic basin even as early as 0
o'clock, and the captain took off his coat and
vest and collar and tled a handkerchief about
his throat and advised the rest of the company
to follow hisexample. Most of them did.

“If anybody on this boat ia not comfortable
and friendly with anybody,” observed the
captain sternly, “then we throw him overboard
to feed the poor fishes.”

Then the rest of the coats and collars came
off. In pursuance of the general plan that
the day should be one of rest and good temper
it had been decreed that no children should be
brought along. The captain and the dominie
wanted it understood that they believed that
it was always well to make the children happy:
but they thought It was good that the old folks
should have a day of freedom once in awhile,
So those who went along were almost alto-
gether young married people with their parents
and aunts and uncles. The old women made
for the stern deck at once and disposed
themselves comfortably. in the large
armchairs that Capt, Hoffman had provided.

On the stern platform under the CANOPY
was a band of five pieces that seemed to be
endowed with inexhaustible energy. Organist
Rettic, a venerable man who wore a stove-
pipe hag and was the only one of the whole
party t@resist the order to shed hats and coats,
went right to the corner of the ;latform on
which the musicianssat and stayedthere. When
they played anything that could be sung, he
rose and led the congregation, or as many
of them as cared to joinin, Not all the tunes
the orchestra played were hymn tunes. It
was a seoular orchestra and the number of
hymn tunes in its répertoire was limited. But
to the German congregation all music is good
music, To be sure nobody felt exactly like
singing.

“A little bit off the top for me, for me."'

which the orchestra played as the Admiral
Dewey was snorting out of the entrance
of the basin. Jhe tune, however, syp-
tied a most pleasing chorus for a
hundred or more boys and men who
were swimming about the edge of tha
wharves in the costumes usual at wharf swim-
ming places, and who came out as near as they
dared to the tug and roared the words of the
song at the passengers. It was amusi to
everybody on board to see the way the bathers
shot off the string pieces of the wharves into
the water in a panic of quite natural modesty
os the tug approached them.

It was not until the tug had made the circuit
of the disabled Bremen off Weehawken that the
company settled downto hymn singing. Nearly
everybody on the boat gathered in what apace
there was left between the ice tubs, and the
kegs and the cases of soft stuff and the musi-
cians. Some stood* with their arms around
one anothers shoulders, others sat on the rail
er on campstools. Mr. Hoffman and his chief
clerk stood at the kegs and handled the po
bottles and the glasses. Organist Rettio led

the singing, using his high hat as a baton.

Belore two stanzas of “Eine Feste Burg
Ist Mein Gott" had been finished it was
quite apparent that the spirit of vocal
harmony had grip’ the Zion congre-
ation good and hard. The singers’ eyes
yecame fixed with a fascinated § atare
on the gyrations of the ponderous or-

ganist’s hat and the glasses rested, half-emptied
and forgotten, between their knees, while ope
song succeeded another and the collars of the
men who played the instruments wilted down
to limp strings, There were loud calls on
Capt. Hoffman for a solo, The captain said
that if he were to sing to such a critical audi-
ence he must sing his favorite sone, “Annie
Laurie" He did not know, he said, whether
that was a Sunday hymn or not, but peter
cutee said that he was quite sure it would do
no arm

The captain, with a brimful glase of -
parilla in one han tdo! for silence wi
the other and n t 6 orchestra.
captain has a full, onate: oe, and uses it well.
Mrs Hoffman, who had charge of the dispens-
ing of cigars and sat at alittle table near the rail,

tried to look as if she was not proud of hi
As soon as he was fairly in the oarag of the
song, the captain sang right at her with qea-
tures as full of emotion_as the glass of sarsa-
parilia would pertait. When the chorus came
all the marri people ip the cirme sang at ve
another, too, some 0 em in German. and it
was a time to make a bachelor f Y

out of sorts, only there was none o

mue
f the un-

reasonable creatures along except \nhel
the plumber, and he was far away in R + pt ot

 

THE SUN, MONDAY

we

  

smoki mmed pipe of in-
ndence Of toe ents kept i until the

o tra was tired

"Pastor Jubelt found an opportunity to a
many tora] visite on whole families, There
was the privacy and i rmality that o
could wish in sitting under the awning aroun
the pilot house, As for the reat, they very
permitted to talk about anything {n the wor
except politics, Capt. Hoffman said that he
would send the first man who said “Demokrat-
ische” or “Republikanische” down into the
stoke hole to shovel coal, He took one or two
of the company who showed controversial
tendencies to the door of the & ne room and
let them feel the stifling heat that came up
from below, There was only one controversy
that attracted any attention after this and that
concerned a church matter in which the general
nublie has no legitimate interest. When it
Rad been smoothed over the layman who hac
engaged in it was heard to murmur that he
aid not think a church excursion was the place
to remind a man that he had not paid his pew
rent, and was informed py a spirited matron
that if the minister could catch him at any
other time than on an excursion the matter
would probably have been attended to long

Ago.

The orchestra recovered from the song ser-
vice after awhile and began to play all sorts
of tunes. It played a waltz that agitated the
heels of Capt. Hoffman. He looked at the
pastor and the pastor shook his peed pe he
might at a child on the eda@e of disobedience.
The captain made a face and trod out two or
three steps of a Rhine dance with his arms
extended, and then dropped into a chair be-
side his aged mother,

Once, when the tug was under the mighty
shadow of the Catskills at the narrow part of
the river above West Point, there came the
rumble of Henrik Hudson's bowling. alleys
down out of the dark slopes and then the rain
came in sheets that shut out all sight of either
shore. The awnings were tight and there
was plenty of room under them for everybody
It seemed to the captain a good time to see
that each of his guests destroyed at least two
sandwiches, By his command, and because
the appetites seerned to him to be failing one
of the atewards brought out a huge tray of
limburger sandwiches. They circulated wntil
the captain of the tug, who was not a German
sent word down from the pilot house that it
they were allowed on the front deck any longer
the boss would have to come up and steer the
boat himself.

Newburgh had been the destination of the
arty, but aa the Admiral Dewey had_ been
Rept at hardly a third of | he 17-knot
speed on the way up, because the folks were
“on her to see things and to have enjoyment
and to catch no trains,” she was turned about
when the roofs of Newburgh were just visible
in the distance, Capt. Hoffman announce
in a little speech that everybody seemed to be
having such a good time it did not seem to him
that it ought to end any earlier than could be
helped; he, therefore, had the honor to ask
everybody to stay on the booat with him and
© to Coney Island and_have a good Bie Gainer
o end the day with. Before any one had any
chance to make answer he threw back his head
and, pointing to the mountainside rolled out:

“Fine Feate Burg ist Unser Gott,”

and everybody and the orchestra joined in
andthe hymn ainging began again. Ashortca
was made at Yonkers on the way down the
river to take on board two Yonkers mupisters,
who were very cordially received. The Ad-
ira] Dewey throws up a wave from her bow
(ke that of an ocean steamehip. Her passen-
gers had at first some anxiety for the folks in
smaller craft who were tossed up and down in
their wake. It soon became apparent that
there was no real danger and such incidents
were afterward the occasions for shouts of
laughter long and loud were the cheers
when a slim, white steam yacht that had been
ahead of the Admiral Dewey all the way down
the river from Ardsley was seen to be pit
on the rollers.

“Maybe, now, they don't feel so
they don't go so fast like a fat ol
the general observation.

Nobody but Capt. Hoffman's son was per-
mitted to land at Hamilton ferry on the return,
He made with all speed for the telephone to
order that Coney Island dinner, while the Ad-
mira] Dewey nosed leisurely down the Narrows,
Tt was nearly midnight when the first of the
river congregation returned to their homes,
They chuckled as they passed the dark houses
of their neighbora who were not Germans an
warned one another with mock gravity, saying?

“To-morrow you will hear how wick
are because you go to church on a boat.”

ching

roud that
tug,” was

you

 

TENNESSEE REPUBLICANS,

Chairman Hanna's Letter Saying That the
Brownlow Men Will Be Recognized,

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Aug. 26.—The Tennes-
see newspapers to-day published the following
letter addressed to A. J. Tyler, chairman of the
Brownlow State Executive Committee:

“HEADQUARTERS REPUBLICAN NATIONAL
COMMITTEE,
New YOrK, AUG, 23, 1900,

“My Dear Str: The National Committee
have been advised that there are two or-
ganizations in Tennessee, both
to be Republican, also two State
and electoral tickets, claiming to be
regular, and both appealing to the Republicans
of the Statefor support. It has also been sug-
gested tous that it is the purpose of one of

claiming

these organizations to place in the fleid
candidates for Congress in the First
and Second districts in opposition to

Messrae. Brownlow and Gibson, who were re-
nominated in the regular primary election au-
thorized and managed by the regular party
organization, In view of these facts the Na-
tional Committee has deemed it

to say that we expect to sustain. the
organization which was recognized by

the National Committee and ‘(onvention
at Philadelphia. We cannot see where any
good can result from such an independent

movement, and sincerely trust that no loyal
Republican will lend his influence to that
movement. Yours truly, M A. Hanna.”

Chairman W. 8 Tipton of the Evans State
Committee was asked to-day what effect Mr
Hanna's letter would have. Hereniied that it
would have the same effect as shaking ared
rag in the face of an angry bull. He said

Our committee will meet next week to ar-
range for the fight andif there are any mem-
bers on it who do not want to fight they will be

advisable

forced to step behind a tree and let the
battle procee Mr. Hanna's statement
that we intend to put candidates in

the field against Brownlow and Gibson is un-
true. ITsuppose he got his information from
Brownlow and Gibson. Ours is the regular
ticket.”

“Have you ever asked the National Commit-
tee to investigate?’ he was asked

“We certainly have. I made the demand on

Aus. 16, but no attention was paid to it."
Newell Sanders and R. Sharp, Evans
leaders, made statements to-nicht showing

that they had ree ived letters from Henry
C. Payne, vice-chairman of the National
Republiern Commiitee, urging them to bring
about harmony In Ten: esses, and they are now
engaged making an effurtto that end. They
fay that the Evans people are willing to meet
the Brownlow faction more than half way.

DERISION FOR BRYAN.

Gen. Sickles Arouses It in a Patriotic Speech
to a Chicago Audience.

CHiIcaco, Aug. 26--“Who is the man who
would say, ‘Tnus far shall you go, and no
farther?’ cried (jen. Daniel F. Sickles to 8,000
persons in the Coliseurn to-night. ‘Who is he,
and what is his name?"

“Bryan! Bryan!" was the answer, and the au-
dience at the opening exercises of the Grand
Army of the Republic Encampment burst into
f great laugh of derision at the man who
would stay the progress of the Stars and

Stripes.

“The flag,’ couthnued Gen. Sickles, ‘will
never cease to float over Porto Rico and the
Philippines. No human being now living will
ever see that starry banner come down."

Then the great crowd burst into a tempest of

 

applause and cheered and cheered again. This
was only one of the notable incidents of
the g@atherine. Gen. Sickles had been
invited to a seat on the platform and had
been escorted to a seut. A tew minutes
later Duke de Arcos, Spain's Minister to
the United States, was escorted to the
platform and was greeted with cheers
and waving of handkerchiefs Clara

Barton, the guardian ange! of the wounded
soldier, was seated beside the Duke, and as they
cordially shook hands the cheering was louder
than ever

GEN. SICKLES'S TRUNK LOST.

He Gets Another With Women's Fixings in
It—-Can't Parade in Them.

CHICAGO, Aug. 26.—Gen Daniel EF. Sickles of
New York, who is here for the G. A. R.
mesting, was out o' patience here to-
day. He sent his orierly to the rail-
way station for his baggage, consisting
of a box oontaining his saddie and
other equipment for his horse and a trunk hold-
ing his uniform and civilian clothes. He gave
the orderly the two checks for the baggage and

n due timethe box and trunk were de-
vered to the General's room. in the
‘almer House. The box was found to be all

right. Then the General tried to open the
trunk, but found that no kevin his possession
would fitthe lock. The trunk was finally forced

open, Gen, Sickles took one look at the gar-

ments piled in the trunk and then he used earn-

est janguage

«lL. don’t know what to do," said Gen. Sickles,
unless {jon the shirt-waist brigade. I can't

use what I foundin that trunk.’

It is thought that the mistake im the trunks
occurred in the railway station in New York
rae the General's trunk was checked for

cago.

  

, AUGUST 27, 1900.

Ee

 

MRS. REYNOLDS WAS VEXED

WRECKED HER HOUSE, DESTROYED
TWO ORCHARDS AND FIRED THE BARN,

 

Her Hasband Made a Reflection on Her—Ho
Fled After [Being Assailed With Crockery
His Wife Chops Down Trees, Ruins the
House and Then Flas a Fire-Now in Jal,

New HAVEN, Aug, 26--No thunderstorm this
summer has done half as much damage here as

Mrs. Annie Reynolds didto-day. Mra. Reynolds

lasted longer than the average thunderstorm,

She is in the New Haven county jail, and
the Sheriff and his men are wondering
when she is likely to start out on another

swath of destruction. Her harvest to-day be-
gan with one coffee cup, expanded over all
the household furniture, devastated two
orchards and wiped the family barn out of ex-
istence. It wasall because her husband told
her that if she was the sort of a woman he
thought she was when he married her, she
would never have permitted herself to look ata
stranger the way he had seen her looking when
she didn't know he was watching.

It started at the breakfast table.
Shethrew her coffee cup at him.
has learned some things in his married ex-
perience, and he dodged as soon as he made the
remark about Mrs. Reynolds's conduct, know-
ing, as the diplomats say, that it was tanta-
mount to a declaration of war. In hurling the
unsuccessful cup she struck her hand asainst
the coffee pot. Reynolds was just emerging
from under the edge of the table when the
coffee pot struck him fair and square.

Writers about tropical countries are very fond
of describing coffee-colored beauties, Those
descriptions did not apply to Reynolds the next
time he appeared above the table. He was very
incautioua to appear a second time, anyway,
because itsimply resulted In Mra. Reynolds's
scoring on him twice in quick succession witha
saucerandasaltcellar. Reynolds, with great
strategic intelligence, determined on filaht. He
rolled to the door, fell down the front steps
and scuttied across the orchard as fast as
hie trembling legs would carry him. He was
followed by a hurtling stream of crockery
which came first from the window and then
from the door. The last hesaw of his wife as

he dropped over the fence into the next yard
was that she was standing in the dvorway with
astack of saucers from the pantry in her arms,
skimming them saucer by saucer, and with such
increasingly excellent practice, that he care
not to linger longer

The rattle of the chinaware on the trees, the
fence and the walks, to say nothing of the eod-
den crash of such stray pieces as went through
other people's places, had attracted some at-
tention in the neighborhood. The peo-

He said it
Reynolds

le in the next ouse but one sa
hat she came out to the fence and took
a longing look in the direction in whi

her husband had disappeared and then started
for the house, apparently satisfied that thers
was nothing more to be done for the present.
As she was walking under a peach tree a wormy
and unworthy peach dropped on her head. She
sprang ten inches into the air, turning ali ways
at once as she came down. ready to shy the re-
maining saucers to the best possible advantage.

There was not asoulinsight. Mrs. Reynoids
looked up at the peach tree and it came over
her that the inanimate thing had taken up her
husband's quarrel where the cr: ven hac
abandoned it. Quick as a flash she was in the
house aud out again with the family axe. It
was the sort of an axe that flremen carry in pa-
rades, with anice broad curved blade and it
flashed mightily in the sun

She flew at that tree and it was down in less
time than it takes to tell it. It went so easily
that her wrath was rather aggravated than ap-
peased, and she whirled into the next one and
the next, until fifteen fine young trees, but a few
minutes before the darlings, next to herself, of

Reynolds's heart, were lying in a row,
She was not” screaming or cerying as
she went about the work, but her lips

were set in grim determination and her eyes
flashed fire. Now and again she paused and
looked around With great care, as though she
hoped to see somebody appearing over a fence.
No one came, and she crossed from the peach
trees to the peartrees. They were fine trees
and they had promised weit for this season,
‘They don’t promise anything but firewood now.

The last pear tree was hear a grape trellis
that leaned against the house
on ii had been growing ten years. It lasted just
ten short minutes after it caughthereye, The
trellis went too, She passed on into the house,
The door bad swung closed after her when she
wentout. She didnot take the trouble to open
it now. She simply hit it six times with
the axe and then pushed through what
was left of it. From within came sounds
of many things being smashed Also
from within came chair legs, wash-bowis, shoes,
lamp-shades, brass clocks and a warming pan.
Incidentally there was a gash in the top of the
warming pan very much the length of the blade
ofanaxe. The axe itself appeared a minute
jater through the closed wind: ws.

Sometinies only the glass in the windows was
smashed, but more often it was accompanied
by a large part of the sash. The whiriwind
worked along the inside of the house until Mrs.
Reynolds appeared at the door by which she
had entered and sat down on the steps with her
axe on her knees and rested her chinin her
hands. She seemed to be thinking hard. She
nodded after a little and went in again,

Whenshe came out she had the family kero-
sene can inthe hand that was not lugging the
axe. She went straight to the barn, from which
she backed cut almost assoon as she had en-
tered Her reappearance was marked by a
rush of smoke from the barn door. She half
grinned and marched down to the front gate
and stood facing the atreet with her good axe
still ready to fand. Nobody felt like going
through the gate. She met all attempts
to cross the fence by = lehtning — flank
movements that were utterly ciscouraging to
such of the neighbors who had vain hopes that
the barn might be saved The firemen came
and backed up and contemplated things from
the street. Somebody suggested the good old
New England device of turning the hose on
her, but she immediately extended her lines of
defence to take in the fireplua.

Early in the morning's proceedings Sheriff
Brockett had been telephoned for and had been
to'd that the quicker he came the more of New
Haven county there would be left for him to
rule over.

The Sheriff dared the axe and jumped at it af-
ter it had swung past him. That was the end.
She gave up to arrest peacefully enough. Bie
had done more than she could reasonably have
aspired todo and she contemplated her work
with calm pride. The barn burned down to the
ground

The court held Mrs. Reynolds in $2,000 bai! for

The grapevine

trial. She told the Judge that what her hus-
band had said to her had made her angry. She
acknowledged that she really had lost her tem-

per. Insurance men offer to giv> the Sheriff an
extra premium on the jail property at war
rates.

 

ASKS SHIRT-WAIST MEN TO CHURCH.

 

An Indiana Preacher Thinks Coats Keep Peo-
ple Away in Summer.

New ALBANY, Ind., Aug. 26.--The Rev. Dr. J.
W. Clokey, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church In this city, to-day publicly announced
that he would welcome to his church to-morrow
all “shirt-waist men.” Dr. Clokey's church
is the largest and most aristocratic in the city.
He is thought to be the first minister in the
United States to introduce the innovation.
Dr. Clokey said that he fully understood that
a great many persons did not attend church
services during the present torrid weather
on account of the discomfort attendant on the
services, and it was on this account he took
the step. :

LEXINGTON, Ky., Ate. 26. Rhodes Hern-
don, the Seott county cattle king, was taken
for a shirt-waist man here to-night and or-
dered from a restaurant where he and several
friends had stopped for luncheon Herndon,
who is worth nearly a million dollars, had gone
to Paynes, where be bought three carloads of
eattle and had broucht with him no cout, The
restaurant management has made a rule not
allowing privileges to the persens addicted to
the shirt-waist habit, and Herndon was classed
as one of these. He promptly left
taurant without the proposed meal,

the res-

 

 

FOUND WITH LEG CUT OFF.

Democratic Delegate, Hart on Railroad, Dies
in the Hospital.

HACKENSACK, N. J, Aug. 26. -L. R. Brooks of
Spring Valley, N. Y., went to New City toa
Democratic convention vesterdsy He was
found on the New Jersey ano New York railroad
track late intheevening with one leg cut off
He was brought to the Hackensack Hospital,
where he died.

 

Gen. Miles Starts for the G. A. R. Encamp-
ment.

WASRINGTON, Aug. 26. Lieut.-Gen. Miles,

Mrs. Miles, Sherman Miles and Col. Francis

Mitehler left to-night for the G, A. R. encamn-

mentat Chicago. They ‘ill spend to-morrow
with Mra. Miles’s uncle, former Senator John
Sherman, at Mansfield, Ohio. A party of An-
napo'is naval cadets left here this afterncen
for Chicago to participate in the parane

Fire in Tapestry Mills,
YonxKERS, N. Y., Aug. 26.—Fire to-night in a
four-story annex of the Smith Carpet Come

any's tapestry milis in Palisade ave di
3,000 worth of damage. ot Se

!

SS nen

ee, ce

  

HURRY BROADWAY RE PAIRS. ;

Merchants Appeal to the Metropoittan Street
Railway Company,
The reconstruction of the Broadway cable
road now going on in that section of Broadway
which is devoted almost entirely to wholesale
business has made some of the merchants
fearful that the work would interfere with
their shipments at a period of the year when
they are busier than at any other time. Some
of these merchants are members of the Mer-
chants’ Association, and at their request the
association recently addressed a letter to Mr.
H. H. Vreeland, President of the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company, stating that the
months of August and September were the
busiest for the wholesale merchants and asking
that the improvement be pushed forward with
the utmost rapidity, in order to minimize aa
much as possible the interference with truck-
ing. Particularly the association asked if the
work could not go on during the Whole twenty-
four hours
The letter was indorsed by 124 of the lead-
ing wholesale houses doing business op Broad-
way or on the side streets near by. In reply
Mr. Vreeland has written to the association
a letter in which he says
it has always been our effort and study
to do auch street work as was necessary in the
city with as little inconvenience to our patrons
and the business interests along the line as
possible, and we have always succeeded in
winning the approval of all interested by the
'

 

 

THE HORRIDLY WINKING woRay ro
HAVE A MATE.

He Is So Lonesome He Has Lost Fis Appetite
—The 100-Pound Catfish Sulks and the
Parrot Fish Shell Clams—The West Indiag
Seal a Little Short on His Usual Stants,

The seven-foot green moray which is one of
Col, Jim Jones's apecial Aquarium pets js soon
to have a running mate, if a fish that

 

dowan't
move more than twice a week can be sajd to
have a running mate, The green moray ia not
a pleasant-looking creature, It is a king of
eel, only more so, It has a fat, disy isting
neck that hangs over lop-sided aa thoug) it
had been broken and a gill-opening that winig
most horribly at each breath, Neverthely

Col, Jim Jones is very fond of the
has down there at the Aquarium

one he
He says
that neither he nor any other of the men who
are supposed to understand the fish tribe knows
much about the green moray’s habits. They
know so little that they don't know when the
beggars are sick or well. Recently the only
specimen of which New York can boast hag
had something the matter with him. Me hasn't
eaten enough to keep a minnow alive. He jue
lies around his compartment and bate bis gill
at the gaping publio in the lonesomest kind of

general method with which such work was con- | way Col, Jim Jones got it inte
ducted by this company, than whom there is } 7 . ' e & into hie
hone more interested in the speedy comple- | head that the green moray must be lonesome,
tionof the work. Athorough study was made | He thought if there was another one of the
of the work of reconstruction of this line be- | gnaky-looking things to keep the present

fore it was entered upon; the engineering de-
taila were perfected, all material for the new
work on hand in storage yards, special gangs
of men who were familiar with this class of
work were employed or transferred from other
points of our aystem, our best foremen were
picked to supervise the work and everything
possible waa done to facilitate the work of re-
construetion

The work thus far has been carried along
in a manner to win the commendation of our
patrons, the business interesta and the press
of the city. [t was part_of our plan, and this
is being carried into effect, to do whatever
work it was possible to do through the busi-
ness section south of Fourteenth street, during
the night, consistent with the regulations
of the Health and Police Departments — It
is not an engineering possibility to do surfacing
and lining of track at night, nor will de-
partment regulations allow us to lay new_ pave-
ment at night. While this part of Broad-
way is given up very largely to business in-
terests. however, there are many residents
on adjacent streets, any one of whom can com-

plain and do complain io the Police or
fieaith Department when there is any noise
made by the workmen during hours probib-

tted by the Health Department regulations,
We would have much preferred, and it woul
have been largely to our financial interests,
to have done the work on the whole of Broad-
way both night and day, more particulary
at night, as it would have been greatly facill-
tated by the fewer number of cars on the line.
Some of our men, even when doing the most
ordinary work, were arrested at various points
on the line after 11 o'clock at night.

“On receipt of your letter I again went very
fully into the details of this work with our
chief engineer, and he advised me that the
work should be practically completed and the
sireet surface repaved and restored to its reg-
ular use as far south as the City Hall by Sept. &
This we will do all in our power to accomplish,
and there is no doubt, from the present status
of the work and its daily progress, that we
will more than please vourselves and friends
interested In this matter.”

WANTS TO BE AN INDIAN@OQUEEN.

Mary Big Buffalo to Lead an Exodus of Red-
skins to Mexico,

Wicnita, Kan, Aug. 26.—One thousand
or more Indians are going to emigrate to Old
Mexico within a very short time, just aa soon
as they can sell their lands in Oklahoma and
Indian Territory. It is said that they will
be led to this land of promise by Mary Big
Buffalo, described in the reporta as the Prin-
cess of the red skins
For several years the reservation Indians
in Oklahoma and some of the five civilized
tribes have been talking of selling their prop-
erties in the United States and purchasing
new homes in a more congenial country, Mex-
ico has always been the place selected. Lately

Mary Big Buffalo, a member of the
Ponca tribe and daughter of Black Coyote,
went to the City of Mexico and called
upon President Diaz. Soon after her inter-

View six other delegates from the Chickasaws,
Cherokees, Creeks, Otoes, Kiowas, Comanches
and other tribes arrived in Mexico City, and
they too visited the Mexican President. Miss
Big Buffalo came back and announced from
her home on the Ponca reservation that she
had arranged to purchase 2,000,000 acres of
land in the State of Chihuahua, where the
Indiaus could live in peace and happiness.
Later the six delegates returned and stated
practically the same thing.

This has led to numerous conflicting stories
from Oklahoma, but it seems to_be a well-
established fact that Mary Bix Buffalo has
much influence among the Oklahoma Indians
who live on reservations. She is a full-blood
tall, dark skinned and with black eyes and
dark hair. She is an excellent singer and
speaker, well educated and thoroughly posted
on current events. She has travelled much
and those who have seen her say she is refined
but egotistic. She speaks at Indian meetings
and dances. Her father, Black Coyote, is a
man of much influence among the Indians and
has served the Government in several respon-
sible offices,

There is no doubt that a number of the In-
dians will emigrate,and perhaps within three
months. Representatives of Fastern syndi-
cates are now trying to purchase the Oteo
and other Indian reservations
are already selling their land.

The Ponca tribe lives only 100 miles south
of here) They are anxious to leave. Re-
cently at a Ponca ghost dance Mary Big Buf-
falo speared and told the frenzied dancers
she had visited the Great Spirit and he told
her to urge the Indians to leave the United
States or they would die with the smallpox
It is stated she will be chosen priestess of the
united tribes when they arrive in Mexico and
will rule over_them with the husband of her
own choice, Her education would make her
capable of this. but it is Improbable. because
Indians despise women as rulers. However,
if her power of exciting them into frenzy over
her visits to the Great Spirit is not exaggerated
she may influence them religiously into elect-
ing her priestess like Teresa Urea of the
quis

Some Indians

Ya-

RUSSIAN PRINCE IN TOWN,

Is Passing Through on His Way to China to
Report on Her Financial Affairs.

Prince Hespereoukhtowsky, the Princess and
their young son, who wore the uniform of a
petty officer in the Russian Navy, were
passengers aboard the French Line steam-
ship L’Aquitaine, which arrived yesterday
from Havre. The Prince is the President
of the Russo-Chinese Bank and is interested in
railways in China. He said he had held several
political commissions from the Russian Gov-
ernment, but that his present object in
combing — here was merety to get to
China He intends to remain for two
days at the Holland House and then to go
to Vancouver overland and take the steamship
Empress of China to Shanghai. He expects to
arrive in China in the latter part of September,
He has been cominissioned by his Government
to report on the financial affairs of China. He
was reluctant to say much abgut the troubles
in China until he had thoroughly digested
the meaning of the events that had occurred
while he was on the sea. He did say, however
that he thought the German Government had
been a little premature and a trifle too strong
in its attitude toward (hina

 

ALLEGED SWINDLER CAUGHT,
The Rev. Mr, Stanley Thinks It's the Same
‘Doctor’ That Swindled Him,

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Aug. 26- The Rev. Mr,
Stanley of the First Presbyterian Church re-
ceived a telegram to-night announcing the ar-
rest in Baltimore‘of a Dr. Von Hatzfeldt, who,
he believes, ic the same person that swindled
him recentiy out of asum of money. The man
then went under the name of Dr. Williams and
said he was a surgeon in the German Navy
He was ata hotel here, and when askedto pay

his board said that he had lost his pocketbook

He as-erted that he knew a friend of Mr
Stanley inJapsn. andthat he had a brother
who was a Presb) terian minister in Drescen,

Germany. Mr. Staniey Invited him to
his home and he remained there several
weeks, borrowing money and prommisin

when remittances came to pa up an
make a donation to the church When the re-
mittances were due he disappeared. Mr. Stan-
7 occasionally heard of him through friends
who wrote of a German naval officer appealing
for financial assistance because he had lost his
wallet: Mr Stanley may eo to Raltimore to ap-
pear against hiin

Staten Island Charch Dedicated,

The new edifice of St Panl'sGerman Lutheran
Evangelioal Church, West New Brighton, Staten
Island, was dedicated yesterday afternoon.
The sermon was delivered by the Rev. Dr. A.
Richter of Hoboken, N.J. The Rev. G. Berk-

emier, D.D., of Mount Vernon, also delivered an
address,

fellow company he'd perk up and e@at some

thing. So when he got word the other day
that the Aquarium’s agent down In the Bernie
das, whence come the green morays, had cape
tured another one about eight feet long he
was «lad in his heart. He said yesterday that
he was going to send for it right away and he
pane everyhody to come down and look at
t

Col. Jones has his peculiar hobbies on the
subject of his charges. He is an admirer of
the grotesque as well as the beautiful Having
shown a SUN reporter the fascinating ugliness
of his special pet, the green moray, Col Jonas
escorted the newspaper man across the Aqnar-
jum to the compartment of the big one } undred-
poune Missour River catfish which
Ss ugly enough yhysically and = tem.

wramentally to satisfy. the most pronounced
over of the bizarre. It. being impossible to
hurt a Missouri River catfish, Col. Jones jabbad
the big fellow with a suck just to see him get
mad. There was no qusedion as to theeat's
joalinge He slammed his thick tail up againat
the glass walls of his cage and hinged o
one corner to sulk.
“There's no trouble about that fellow's eating,*
remarked the Colonel. “He'll eat anything.*
As to eating, however, there ian t anything in
the Aquarium that can compare with the par-
rot fish, which also hail from the waters of
Bermuda. They are the most beautiful fish
in the whole collection, with the pow
sible exception of the no-account good-for
pomiiog lay hind, wiheh are likewise from
Bermu yesterday's big Sunday crowd
stood in front of the compartments containin
these two species in deeper ranks than in fron
of any others, the women ing particularly
charmed. The parrot fish are a greenish blue
and the hinds are a If the women ever
supplanting t birds on their hats
with fish, these two want to look out. The
parrot fish have one defect. They have pro-
ruding teeth of remarkable strength and
very powerful jaws. While aiibig
crowd stood in front of their
home yesterday afternoon with the small boys
all skinning back their lips to show their front
teeth like the parrot fish. Col. Jones went tn
behind and dropped a live clam into the come
partment. Now,a clam with his coat on ts a

into

take to

pretty tough proposition. The average fish
would break every tooth in his head if Mr,
Clam kept himself button up — tight, but
1 =has no show. with the parrot
fish No sooner had this clam left
Col. Jones's hand and slipped into

the water than three of the big-toothed beau.
ties made a lunge forit. The first one bunted
it with his nose and it shot up into the water
and then slowly began to sink, turning over
as it went down. is was number 2'a chance.
He rushed, opened his jaws and snapped them
together. The clam went on down, but there
was Aa crescent-shaped hole bitten
right through the double shell as smoothly
as you would bite into a bright red apple. Nume-
ber 3 then dove for the wounded clam and bit
off another chunk. In a jiffy the meat was
out and the parrotfish had eaten it. Then Just
for exercise they chewed the rest of the shell
into bits. Clams must be scarce down around
the Bermudas. “If one of these beauties ever
got you oy the finger,” remarked Col. Jones,
“he'd bite it off as clean as asurgeon's knife

could cut it.”
The moray, the codfish and the parrot fish
He

were the star performers of the day.

West [Indian seal was a disappointment.
refused to spit on anybody, much to the 8
appointment, of the crowd around the pool.
This seal, as THE SUN has related, hasa habit
of blowing about two quarts of water through
his nose onto persons peering at him to. whom
he seems to take exception. Yesterday he
did no stunts. Col. Jones was of the opinion
the reason for this was that no objectionable
persons stopped to look at him

FOR CAUSING A WOMAN'S DEATH,

 

Herman ©. Hoefiing Arrested for Per-
forming a Criminal Operation.

Dr. Herman C. Hoeffling of 70 Clirystie street
was arrested yesterday on a warrant issued
by Coroner Zucca for performing a criminal
operation on a young woman who died yee
terday at St. Mark's Hospital, and whose name
appeared on the hospital record as Mrs (,
Sloban of 159 West Forty-fourth street. It
is said the real name of the woman, aa the
blotter of the Eldridge street station shows,
was Adelaide Kantor, 22 years old, of 159 West
Forty-fourth street.

Coroner Zuoca first heard of the case Sature
Mark's

Dr.

day night when he was called to S!
to take the woman's

Hospital ante more
He said afterward the woman tol

statement

him that she was an actress and married. She
seid she had consulted Dr. Hoeffing. The
doctor was arrested and hurried to St. Mark's
Hospital for identification by the woman, but
she died just before the doctor got there Dr.

Hoeffling was then taken to the police station,
where he was released under $5,000 bonds by
Coroner Bausch

Coroner's Physician Williams made an
autopsy on the woman's body last night and
found that death had been caused by an operas

tion. As he was leaving the Morgue 4 man
who said that he was a friend of Mrs) Hoban
asked Dr, Williams for. a permit to have the
body removed by an undertaker. Dr Williams
gavea written permit, but after he got to his
his office he regretted it and telephoned to the
Moraue revoking the permit. The man who

had the did not go to the Morgue to

claim the

rmit

ody.

 

G. A. RB. IN CHICAGO,

Large Number of Visitors Arriving t? Take
Part to the Annual Encay “at,

Cricago, Aug. 26.--Chicag’ will extend her
welcome to-morrow to the vrand@ Army of the
Republic. The city gr eted the vanguard of
the veterans yesterday but the vast body of the
still numerous soldier of the Civi) War poured
in from all parts of the country [c-day.
Special patriotic services in all the churches
ushered in the week of celebration. (Other no'ae
ble events of the day were religious exer ines
afternoon and evening at the ( oliseum

It is estimated at the headquarters in the
Keith Building that 40,000 visitors arrived 1
Chicago Saturday and to-day. J J lonias
chief of the Bureau of Information, est mated
the crowd at 75,000. The first of the two
great demonstrations that will be the
chief features of the public aide of the encamt
ment will be held to-morrow, when the naval
veterans and the former prisoners of war will
parade. The line of march to be followed by
the-e associations will be the same as thas
which will be traversed Tuesday by the greater
parade of the Grand Army of the Republi

MISSING ERNEST MAY TURNS UP.

 

Restaarant Keeper Who Disappeared a Year
Ago Has Been in Europe.

Emest May, who was the proprietor of @
French table d’hote restaurant at West
Twenty-eighth street until about a year A&%
when he disappeared, showed up yeeterday
as a passenger on the incoming Branch liner
L'Aquitaine. The entry in the passenger jist
was “Ernest May, Madame B. May The
Madame May was not the former restaurant
man's wife. His wife has been running 1*
Trenty-eighth street place on her own 4%

count for the last year, in spite of several
attachments put on the property by her hu®
band's creditors.

May was not at the restaurant last nieht.

When asked if she had seen him since his 4r~
rival, his wife said: “Yes, for about five min
utes. I may see again to-morrow, 4°

I may not see him for a year.” Asked if ‘er
husband was not atill proprietor of the re*
taurant, she said:

tant siree! I'm the only proprietor of this
place

She answered all other questions abou’ bee
hushand with shruge of her shoulders

Passed a Dismantied Bark.

SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 26 —The American *hip
St. David, from New York, arrived t-day
She left New York March 24 On Aug 6 8h¢
passed the Chillan bark Pacifioo partly

dis-
mantied, but to her «ignals ring help enly
the Chilian flag was raised. -

/

 

 

 

 

 

sanetarss

aeaeaeezsteovene ertee va 2crerev vere

aia) <«<h:h 2 aan Gan Gh abe Gh. CG a