r§ TP SIBERIAN MINES,

——
SYNDICATE Now TRYING
pUY NOME CLAIMS.

Prospectors Mave Faith tn
noed Prospectors ve
Field Though Many Disappointed
4 Have Returned Work G ‘ng
ke Superior Copper Distri. t.

taah., Aug. 20.—The Engijsh ex-
me, under the guidance ofGeorge
gorat the San Francisco mining expert,
seer ned their concesstons in Siberia, and
—_ the deal. They are turning their
ve OP to the mines of Nome and are
oo preliminary negotiations with the
oie F Company for all of {ta holdings on
wee sus creeks, including hydraulic plants,
enn ditches, water righta, railways, stores
- ye This company, under the euper-
wf aes of C.D. Lane, has expended nearly
a oi 40.009 in ite various Nome enter-
| {ttle gold has been taken out, but the
a are good, Lane, who is the largest
kholder in the company, is said to oppose
~~ “having confidence in the country. The
= involved is not atated, but ts thought
- , 000,000 cash
rhage that fell during the first of Aus
é ye heipinge the oreek miners, and, in fact,
ome n beneficial to the whole country,

gv

eisai
70

¢ Experte
Mente New
Gold Seeker
on ia the ls

ber
a ding means for washing gold on ul the
ae 5, Good pay diggings that had been
hare heen started up and nearly ull the
e 0
camps are active

The dectsion of Commissioner Stevens tn
throwing the beach diggings open to location
pas resulted fn turning hundreds of men
nat of employment, and at the same time fs
be 9 the beach claims {n the hands of cor-
ool and monopolies While these mines
agar abonanza they afforded a fair income
tomany and were open to all who desired to

them
= camp is well provisioned for the winter

and prices are not excessive, While many afte
discontented and are leaving the country in
disguet others are satisfied to remain with it
and take their chances this winter. It is es-
timated that there are 6.000 or 8,000 of this char-
gcter-men who are familiar with the hard-
shipe of mining camt life and have faith in
the outcome. They have but one fear, and
thatis the burning of the camp, several attempts
to fire the place having already been made
by desperate characters They would be help-

jeas in such @ case
A great deal ff machinery {a being sent to

Nome and Dawson to be used in working the
mines during the winter. This machinery wes
tested in the Klondike mines last winter and
to {t is attrinuted the large output of goldthis
season, The time is short for getting it in.
While the output of the Klondike mines
has been larger than last season there is every
reason to believe it will be still lar~er next
year. While many discontented people are
coming out an equal number are daily going
{n, satisfied that the ground has been scarcely
soratched in Alaska and that its wealth has been

bardly touched
Jonzav, Aug. 10.—The work of replacing the

foundations of the old Treadwell mill is going
on slowly. Sixty days will elapse before the
0 stamps are again dropping. The old mill
foundation stood for sixteen years of continual

yseand was rotted away, The work is almost
as bad as the building of a new mill and has
naturally materially reduced the output for
summer.
3 local company has been formed for the
fon of power from Sheep Creek to the
laska-Mexican and Ready Bullion of the
predwell group. Sheep Creek ca supply
2,000 horse power with ease throughout the
year. The water rights are owned by the
ean Gold Mining Company, with which
Charles Dayton, ex-Postmaster of New
York, is connected, and which {is more usually
' in the East as the Nowell Company.
the's Creek mil] usee but a small amount
of power and the balance could be utilized by
means of an electric Gant and a cable under
Gastineaux Channel. It would save the Tread-
well le $25,000 a year. The Nowell Com-
pany tae | ven a lease and the Tresdweu people
con’ for several years for about 1,000
orse power dally
Development work is going on extensively
this summer. At Bernus Bay the Jualin has
joined the ranks of dividend payers, is ship-
ly and has two years’ ore reserve
ht. It ls owned largely in Indianapolis,
ower drills are to be installed this fall and de-
relopment will go on at a rapid rate
At Juneau the work on the Boston group,
which is situated on the valley of Gold Creek,
tust back of town, Is ber pushed by Mr. Wil-
fam M. Ebner ana hia Boston friends. Two
bundred feet of tunnel with a cross cut is being
run in the ore body from the bottom of the
shaft sunk last fall. AU the working is in ore.
Et lode cross cutting at the shaft over 130
At Gnettisham, the mill site of the Alaska-
Gnettisham Gold Min Company has been
blasted out and the building is ready for erec-
tion a8 soon as the motor blocks are in place.
The ore body is very large and runs down
the mountain side to the water, where the largest
steamers can touch. It gives promise of being
agother huge property, quarrying masses
of low grace quartz at a good profit. The
caeeny is composed of New York and Boston

Further to the south at Sumdum the con-
wlidated properties, the Bald Eagle and Sum-
dum Chief, have a ten years’ ore reserve blocked
out by means of a 4,000-foot tunnel and are
milling $40 rock. They are not stopping in
the reserve, but are driving an upraise in the
mae Weed B

t Wyndham Bay a ten-stamp mill is n
a he ore here is very ose ome

acoMA, Wash, Aug. 19.-Renorta from
Fish River, E! Dorado and Big Four mining
districts, which care in just before the sailing
Oo! & recent steamer from Nome, are that sev-
eral big strikes have been made, but, as in the
Nome district, the creeks are dry and work
delayed. The Big Four is about fifty miles
north of Nome, on a tributary of the Fish River,
Whioh runs Into the sea at Goloynin Bay.

From the district back of Port Clarence,
to which the stampede took place early tn July:
little reliable information has been received

creeks are dry up among the hills, but the
country generally ts low and wet, a chain of
es extending from Port Clarence far up
Into the interior, A party came in the day
before the steamer left bringing about $25,000
among them. Ther were not communicative,
hower re dha 1 urte to say about the country
orts continue to come in from the
Copper River country. Col. Abercrombie ie
the Government wagon road completed for a
at ce of about 125 milea up the Copper River
ey from Port Valdes, where the Govern-
ment military post is located, and the tele
raph line will soon be {n working order the
re distance. The gold finds are on the
no and Cherry creeks and on the Christena
ce The copper mines, however, are said
‘0 be of more value than the gold, and engl-
peers are now in the country in the intereat of
Mage copper —s operators,
amount of mining machine’
into the interior over the Bevernint rnd
fe ie are being made for working
Nacer gold clai
4nd gold ledges as bre eae a
LAKE SUPERIOR COPPER,

Rovartox, Mioh., Au
N, fs &. 22.—The Is oy.
We has recetvad a number of cara for a Take
Hs poonnecting the mine with the new mill
' n@ built. Itis safe to say that no other
in ee or mines have ever n reopened
We sent’ copper district on comprehen-
uae as the new [sle Rorale, which com-
on -. old Isle Royale, Grand ‘Portage and
for os — Two million dollars were raised
en the new Baltic mil] geta to runnin t
ite ve two Atlantic stamps now treating
tnd rock will be released and one of them
ately eribly both, will be set at work immedi:
folate yeenk from the Champion mine, owned
Bie ir ¥ the Copper Range Company and
va, we, Canal Land Company.
olen to be every Indication that the
continiadd which {s opened on the southern
hes qaistion of the Baltle amygdaloid lode,
but ay only as wide a deposit as the Baltic.
conten eraer Percentage of copper. The
oe 1, midway between the Baltic and
Ot both aay Partakes of the characteristics
7 id {S opening a rich mine
tis has gc of the first vear’s mill run at the
i moet! led the predi-tion made fn this
te Bate i vil aj near. two years ago, that
a ‘Ne. acre for acre of surfare, *on-
He a "The antot ‘of per than the Cals et
y ne 1p does not mean that the th:
, eee fs large profits, but it does give as-
Strange if she permanent mine. Jt would be
lode Warn 9 Ohening of big mines on the Baltl »
fie proverien i With the Champion. Other
sari) fone ‘es to the southward must ne we.
Ward the Wait future years. To the north-
Wether it Balti ‘ lode ‘be ‘omes @ mystery.
ently: or w wut of, temporarily or perman-
ane eet It erows thinner and leaner
tae hs or the future to decide
York in ney i tin’re eiving $2 for ten hours,

Miner:

Wt The P'ies through the ‘opper dis-
Dumber cf | a, lin Is $1.75. About the same
NO hotwitheramding ploved now as one year
D for ne}, the ann the sharp urtailment
Weert ‘ radian and several other
M Old Color .
throy 1 fohy tunnel has recently
ME a aang): c passed
Wide on tn elomerate reef thirty-two feet

the ¢
ef of the adit and is now in an

loor
Fadaloid lode
if » of upward of twent

HE showing a little eo _— on

uine +. : per,
Mein Botier of Sl wll into comms

 

Ss Ss st tls sss sennnentinmniennnaeniieninaal

   
  

tion of the mine will then become the largest

in Its history,

Shafts A and B of the pighigan are being
sunk deeper, They were both approximately
600 feet deep and will be sunk an additional
600 feet, At the depth of about 1,200 feet it
will be posaible to croasout 140 feet to the bot-
tom of the old Minnesota mine, which pald
nearly $2,000,000 in dividends in the early his-
tory of Lake Superior mining.

LAKE REGION IRON MINES.

Dvuuvrn, Minn, Aug. 22.--With both the Vol-
unteer and Star West mines at the village of
Palmer idle the town lias become deserted
again, a8 it had been for thirty years up to last
summer, The only rejuvenated village of
the Marquette range that is holding its own is
Michigamme, and there the Cleveland Cliffs
Iron Company is beginning to holst ore from
the three mines it has reopened, Halt a dozen
villages that had been dead twenty to thirty
years were restored to life by the opening of
properties near them in ths past few months, but
the stoppages of the past few weeks have made
all but Michigamme very dull again

There is now 200,000 tons of ore in stock at
the Carnegie mines at Negaunee, and much of
it will not be moved this year, It was intended
to mine 600,000 tons from these properties
this year, The Florence mine has 125,000 tons
in stock and no sales made, and is closing down.
Even the great Chapin, which was mining at
the rate of 1,000,000 tons a year and proposed
to ship that, is not moving its stock pile and
will not reach the expected output, It 1s
operated by the National Steel Company.

Hoisting was begun at the Negaunee mine
of the American steel and Wire Company
after several months of non-prodjiction re-
sulting from a cave. The water has been
lowered, but pemains oop fpet deep, and the
umps are gaining very little.
: Jones «& faughiins are drifting under Iron
Mountain Lake in an effort to find ore. They
have opened into several promising deposita,
If the ore is in quantity they will pump out
the lake, a labor of several years and of im-
Tnense cost

Hartford and Beaufort mines are bein
opened and are hoisting some ore, Hartforc
is a property of the Carnegie company and wi
probably prove a large deposit The ore is
nearly 1,000 feet deep, and a costly shalt will
be sunk to reach |t

Some very large acd valuable deposits of fron
pyrite and pyrrhotite have gone into the poe.
session of Duluth parties and development will
be undertaken soon ; . carry
more than 50 per cent. of sulphur

The Carnegie Steel Company has bought the
Jeaxe of the Ohio mine, Mesaba range, from the
Take Superior Consolidated Mines and is now
mining there with a steam shovel. The Ohio
is a very large steem shovel depoet, and is
part of the ore body already held by the Car-
negie interests br the Mesaba Mountain group
It will mine 100,000 tons a year or more

The «reat open-pit mine of the Fayal, Min-
nesota Iron Company will be abandoned for
mining operations for a month or more on ac-
count of a flood that filled it to a depth of sixty
five feet, for an area of twenty-five acres No
8 shaft fs filled with water to the depth of 100

Some of these

feet, and it has been abandoned also. As
many pumps as can be got are working
but it will be impossible to free the pit and

mine fot a month. Fayal had to Aug. 1 made
the greatest production of any mine in the
world for a like period, 750,000 tons since May,
and could easily have mined 800.000 tons more
before the close of navigation. It {s not likely
to do more than half that now, but will pass
1,000,000 tons for the season. The flood has
caused great loss

It is expected that the Spruce mine. Mesaba
range, will pass from P. L. Kimberley and
associates to the American Steel Hoop and
Republic Iron and Steel Company. It is a
new mine of about 7,000,000 tons besaemer
ore, and will be a heavy producer, The price
is in the neighborhood of $1,000,000. Offictals
of all the companfes interested were inspect-
ing the mine this week.

WASHINGTON

SrATTLE, Aug, 20.The Ethel group of oon
per-gold mines in Index district continues to
open up in a satisfactory manner There 1s
plenty of high gerade shipping ore In sight, but
the owners lave determined to make no ship-
ments until wagon roads are constructed and
evervthing {a in shape for continuous ship-
mhents

On the Star group, an extension on the same
lead, work was commenced last week. but the
cabin with all ita contents was destroyed, mak-
ing it necessary to rebuild before development
can be resumed. Supplies for the winter had
been laid in and the mine was showing up well
for the amount of work done

The Copper Bell, in the same district, is ac-
cumulating a large ore Guip, and the owners
are still experimenting with a small pyritio
amelter which they hope to make successful

The Sunset mine, a near neighbor of the
Copper Bell, and the first mine to alve the dis-
trict a reputation, has resumed work, after
undergoing litigation. The ore tn this mine
{s bornite, perrying gold and ailver, and with
present facilities shipments should be regular.

The Gold Leaf mine on Williams Creek, Swauk
district, Kittitas county, has p into the
hands of the Riley syndicate, and work of
sinking has been resumad. A shaft has been
sunk fifty feet which is in ore from the grass-
roota to the bottom, the ore assaying from $10
to $200 a ton free gold. Ore enough to supply
a ten-stamp mill can be mined.

BRITISH COLUMBTA.

SEATTLE, Wash, Aug. 20. On the west coast
of Vancouver Island, on what is known as
Wreck Bay, the black sands of the beach are
turning out quite rich, although only the most
rimitive methods are employed at present,

he highest pay taken out_thus far has been
S40 a day. The receipts at Victoria from these
diggings last week amounted to $1,400. The
gold is similar to the Nome production and is
worth $19 an ounce. There no excitement
over the discovery

On Boundary Creek there is more activity
in mining than ¢* any time in the past ten
years, or since the first discovery. ores of
mines are now producing and new ones are
opening up. Two new amelters are nearing
completion and a third one with a capacity
of 200 tons daily is planned. The outloo!
for this district could hardly be more promising.

The ore shipments from the Frail mines
during the past week aggregated 5,789 tona.
Next weak I Roi No. 2 will take positien among
the shippers, and it fs antietpated that the
output will be 150 tons a day

SOUTH DAKOTA.

DEapwoop, Aug. 21. — The discovery
of the veln of free milling ore by the Home.
atake Mining Company {8 proving to be of
more importance than at first expected. The
vein is not as wice as first announce), but it
is aald to be much richer in gold, Genere rumor
making it averaging $15 a ton. 6 vein was
uncovered several weeks ago. The company
has done a lot of buying of claims in the past
few days, most of the ground being near the
new strike. The vein has been traced north
and south across several grouse of claima,
owned by individuals, as well aa by the Home
stake Company.

There is now practically a conten’ that the
big deal commonly known as the Kirk deal,
will go through. wo years ago, the Crosby-
Echrich syndicate, of Colorado Springs, bonded
a large number of claims around Kirk, on the
Burlington route, supposed to be directly on
the Homestake lode. All requirements of the
option have been kept up and_one extension
of the option has been «iven. The new strike
made by the Homestake company, passes
through this Kirk ground, making it very cer
tain that other of the great Homstake veins
penetrate the claims under bond.

There is likely to be great activity along
the Homestake belt this fall. The company
{taelf will soon be through making tmprove-
ments. Sixty days more will see the big water
ditch from the npper yatecs of Epoerae Creek
to Lead completed, alao the 1,000-ton opanide
plant. The Caledonia stamp mill at Terra-
ville, which was run unt x yeert ago,
is being put into shape again and will treat
ore as 8%on as the new water supply {g com-
pleted. The old Father De Smet mill at Cen-
tral City will also be used later on |p t neg
son, The starting up of these two mils will
bring back to liie Central City, which “waa at
one time the liveliest camp in the Black Hills.

TTA.
BauT LAKF, Aug. 20.--News has n {

from Diamond of the discovery of a ea
rich ore in the Joe Bowers Extension. The

   

ore consists of a steel galena, running high in

silver and lead

The output of ores from the Centennial
Eureka during the week reached a total of
over 1,000 tons

A valuable decovery of pomice stone has
been made in the hills four miles northeast
of here. The land is claimed by three dif-
ferent men, and the State Land Board
will have to decide ownership

MONTANA,

HELENA, Aug, 20.—A strike is reported fn the
Monarch mine between Helena and Flliston,
where, in crosscutting, a ledge ten feet wide
of bigh grade steel galena ore carrying copper,
silver and gold was encountered, The lessecs
intend to erect a concentratar at the mine,

A syndicate of Chicago capitalists has pur-
chased the Mammoth gold mine and mill at
Garnet.

George Benjamin has bonded his unnamed

ining property in Boomerang gulch, near
Boulder, to local capitalists for $250,000, A
concentrator will be erected and the shaft
deepened This mine is in the same district
as the Eva May, where arich strike was recently
made

James Whittaker, as a result of ty days’
run on 140 tons of ore in Alder Guich, Virginia
City, has shipped to the Government Assay
Office in this city 257 ounces of gold bullion
which petted him about $5,000

As a result of the gold uncovering in the
famous old Madisonian mine over fifty men
are now steadily employed and the mine {s once
more one of the leading producers of southern
Montana. After producing steadily from the
time of the first quartz mining in Alder Gulch
until several years ago, the pre erty had vir-
tually been abandoned on the theory that It

meal
Mining.

N INING, MILLING, SMELTING AND CONCEN-

TRATING MACHINERY; CORLISS EN-
GINES; ESTIMATES FURNISHED, THE EDW.
P. ALLIS CO,, 95 & 97 LIBERTY STREET,

ovember, and the produc- | ROOM 1108, NEW YORK.

  

out. F, Letter of
rein ft fe ew ae of
ving develo ona

The alda mine, near here, which had
been idle for fifteen or twenty years, p hee
scene of a rich strike, gold ore ng $256
ton in gold having been found Rie iine
will again be operated on an extensive scale,

Gold ore running $380 a ton has been discov-
ered at the 100-foot leveb of the Piegan, near
Maryeville. Drifting will commence both ways
to develop the length of the ore chute

As a4 result of the discovery last month of ore
running $1,000 a ton in gold, the Bald Butte
Company, at a meeting on Thursday, declared
a6 per cent. dividend, or double the usual
amount. The Bald Butte, with but forty stamps,
has paid $850,000 in dividends, and if the present
rate is continued during this year, $180,000
more will have been added

ARIZONA,

eae 2

‘Tucson, Aug. 16--The purchasers of the
Willam J. Bryan _mine, San Francisco dis-
trict, arrived in Kingman this week. After

making an extensive examination of the prop-
erty they returned to Los Angeles, Cal. They
were accompanied to the city by. José Jeris,
who will receive $25,000 for his half interest in
the mines. Henry Lovin the other owner
received a large payment on his interest and
has gone to Los Angeles to arrange for the
other payment. The only work done on the
three claims is the location work of ten feet
each. In two of these ten-foot holes splendid
ore bodies have been cut and from one hole
$2,000 worth of ore has been taken and sold to
the Kingman smelter. The veln paases over
the Blue Ridge Mountain and crops for five
full claims of 1,600 feet each. On. the fourth
claim from the Bryan good ore has been found.
While $40,000 fs a good price for a_ prospect
it is not considered. too much for the Lovin-
ore claims

‘he Bisbee W Copper Mining Company,
whose property ievin the Warren Gistrict, has
got fairly to work and is in good ore. The
property comprises twenty-one mining claims
of nearly 435 acres, situated within the copper
basin made famons by the great Copper Queen,
South Hishee, Lowell and Arizona and other
copper mines A report received a few days
ago states that the main shaft is down 300 feet
and ts encountering some rich seama of copper
A cross cut will soon be started from the bot-
tom of the shaft to cut the ore body

The large barge of the Advance Gold Com-
ymany at Yuma has been launched and will soon
” ready to commenge operations dredging
the banks of the Colorado River for gold he
company has expended a large amount of money
and it is confidently expected that the venture
will he a suceesa

About a year ago the American Wartram
Company purchased the Wolfram mines in
the Guijas Mountaine tn the southern part of
this county from Sampson & Bent for 840,000
Since then several thousand dollars have been
expended in development work and on new
bulldings in the camp. It is understood that
the mines are showing up satisfactorily. H. 5.
Bradford, who has been in charge of them,
has gone to New York to confer with President
Oleott of the company

Allen R. English and W. C. @tahle returned

 

= ——_—/——$—$—$—$—$—$—$—$—$—$———————— ee

this week from a visit to the mines of the Black |

Diamond Company in the Dragoons. They
brought in some specimens of high gre
cock ore characteristic of the Black Diamond
Company's mines, The company. haa three
drills at work in the mine and another is to be
added next week

A. M. Bartholdt has released all tnterest in
the Barthold! group of mining clatmas, etx in
all, for the sum of 85.000 In cash and 4,000 shares
of stock in the International Financial mining
Company of New York. The claims are situas
ted In the Black Cafion. district, about eleht
miles s uth of Jerome, They are copper cia‘ms
and show indleationa of being lar.e.

ATTACKED BY A CAT.

Bicyclist Says It Went at Him While He Lay
Asleep by the Road.

West Onanor, N. J. Ang. 20—A young
bicyclist, who safd he was George Hooper of
Brooklyn, went to the police station to-day
and told this story to Chief of Police Bamford.

“Tam on my vacation and have spent almost
the antire time on my bicycle. I have some
relatives who live just the other side of TAvings-
ton, and I thought 1 would ride out and see
them. I turned around to come home about
4 o'clock and rode for about half an hour with-
out stopping. Then, happening to pase through
a shaded part of the road, I dismounted
and went to sleep beside the road.

I was arouged by a strange sensation in my
right hand. I opened my eyes and saw a
strange animal licking the hand. The rough
tongue of the creature had broken the skin
and drawn blood. I made a move to take
my hand away, when the creature fastened
ita teeth in my wrist. I tried to grasp the
animal by the throat, but it fought me with
teeth and claws. Mr. Hooper held out his
hands. They were torn and lacerated

“I auicceeded tn freeing my arm,” continued

the wheelman, “and I shouted for help. The
animal crouched at my feet and I saw that it
was a large cat of the tortoise shell variety,
but there was an expression of ferocity in its
face auch as [ never saw in another cat. The
cat didn't give me much time to think, but
made an attempt 50 sores at my throat, for-
tunately failing, and before it recovered I
managed to get hold of a stout stick with which
T struck it several blows with all my strength.

“] tell you, that cat kept me hustling, and I
was beginning to geta little tired, for no matter
how hard I hit the animal, it didn’t seem to
be affected in the least. After a while a young
fellow came along on @ wheel and he had one
of those %2-caliber bicyolists’ pistola The
gun only held five bullets and the man wasn't
a very good shot, However, he hit the cat
three times and I hit it a few extra licks with
my stick and it presently ran off into the under
brush beside the road.”

 

TANDEM RIDERS NOT IN COURT.

One of Them Severely Injured—The Case Ad-
Journed Till Their Testimony Can Be Heard.

Frank Cook, who drove the team of horses
attached to the victoria which was struck
by a tandem bicycle in Central Park on Saturday
afternoon, was arraigned before Magistrate
Meade in the Yorkville police court yesterday
morning. The two men, Max Frost and Abra-
ham Sterlite, who were on the tandem and
who were both seriously injured, could not be
present in court.

When Cook was arraigned Magistrate Meade
asked for the prisoner's employer. He ts
George W. Kayton of 168 East Seventieth
atreet. Kayton was esked by the Magistrate
if Cook had been a sober and careful driver
heretofore, and was informed that he had
been.

Policeman Bayley, who arrested Cook, was
present, but had no further information about
the injured mea than that which he had re
ceived when the men were taken to the Pres-
byterian Hospital on porurcay. He had under-
stood he said, that Frost's ekul] was fractured
and that Sterlitz was only slightly injured,

Owing to the absence of the two injured
men Magistrate Meade would not go on with
the heartng. There were four witnesses in
court who were wiling to*testify, but M. ~
trate Meade called only one of them th
man whom he called was a payecten, who sai
he bad seen the accident, and that it was un-
avoidable on the part of Cook. The tandem,
he said, was on the wrong side of the road

In view of this explanation Magistrate Meade
fixed the time for the hearing of the case on
Aug. 31, and paroled Cook in the custody of
his employer, ayton.

Frost is « cloakmaker and lives at 244 Riv-
ington street. Sterlitz is a clerk and lives at
226 Fast Houston street. The tandem upon
which they rode was ruined beyond repair
by the collision

SET FIRE TO A TENEMENT.

Novotny's Consctence Troubled Him and He
Gave Himself Up to the Poltoe,

One of the tenanta tn the five-story tene
ment at 294 East Seventy-sixth street smelled
smoke coming from the apartments of Frank
Novotny, on the fourth floor about 1 o'clock
yesterday morning. He ran into the etreet
and told a policeman, When the firemen ar-
rived all of the twenty families in the house
had stcceeded in getting out safely. The
fire burned flercely and Novotny's three moms
were gutted before the blaze was under con-

trol. The police discovered that kerosene
had been aprinkled through the rooms, They
looked for Novotny and his wife, but they
were not around. Acting Captain Lynch of
the East Sixty-seventh street station sent
Detectives Baillister and Thompkins to find
the pair and waited for their explanation of
how the fire started.

About 11 o'clock yesterday morning a man
walked into the Hast Fifth street station and
told the sergeant on duty that he wanted to give
himseif up. The sergeant asked him what for,
and the man said in broken English that he
had set fire to his rooms He said he was
Novotny and that his conscience troubled
him so much that he wanted to be arrested.
The sergeant notified the police of the East
Sixty-seventh street. station On the way
uptown Novotny told the detectives two dif-
ferent stories Ine was that he had a quarrel
with his wife about money and she had left
the house, When she had gone about half an
hour he had picked up a kerosene lamp, which
he drc pped on the floor, setting fire to the rooms
The other story was that he had sprinkled the
oil on the floor and then set fire to it with a
match. He stuck to the second story. The
police are looking for Novotny’s wife. Noe
votny's furniture was insured for $200,

ae =

e pea- |

$e

e > Tan neon

BIG FIRMS THEIR PREY,

ARE KORNFELDT AND GALLAGHER
SEELIG GANG SWINDLERS?

 

 

Police Magistrate Hogan's Remarks on the
Carelessness of Husiness Men and the Ease
With Which They Are Deceived—The
Operations of the Seelig Gang Recalled.

The arreat of Ignatz Kornfeldt of 1788 Madi-
gon avenue and Prancis, alias Luke, Gallagher
of 833 West Fifty-ninth street by Central Office
detectives on Saturday for awindling a number
of prominent firms in this city out of merchan-
dise valued at more than $12,000, emphasizes
the fact that the really clever swindler finds his
easiest victims in the men whose business abliity
has made them more prosperous and better
known than their competitors in their respec-
tive lines of trade. In the preliminary hearing
of the two prisoners In the Jefferson Market
court on Saturday Magi-trate Hogan com-
mented on this fact and said

The Lewisiature of this State has passed laws
to protect the business man, but he refuses, by
bis carelessness, to be protected. Let aswindler
put up a good front, give the names of repula-
ble men as references, make some specious
speeches and he will get the goods, and the
business man has no redress in acourt of law.
He could protect himself by making these per-
sons put their statements inwriting or by care-
fully interviewing the men whose names were
given as references, Then if any false repre-
sentations are made, the person who made them
is amenable to the law and can be punished,
for the business man has something tangible
upon which to base a cornplaint.”’

There is truth in Magi-traie Hogan's re-
marks, but if Gallagher and Kornfeldt are
members of the ‘Seelig gang," as the Central
Office detectives allege, the business men whom
the prisoners are charged with swindling might
have done considerable investigating and still
bave been swindled. The Seevlig gang worked
on a great many lines, tut most of their deil-

ings followed one of two plans, both of which
were difficuit for the business man to detect,
and both of which lett the swindier amos) tin-
mune from puntshment, lwo years ago a
nuiober of the members of this sang were
arrested and indicted, Their escape from
punishment was one of the counts in the
charges preferred by the City Club against Dis-
trict Attorney Gardiner. |

One of their methods of securing goods con-
sisted in having some member of the gang get
a job as commission agent for @ reputavle
house. This member would promptly sell a
big order o; goods to a firm that by conduct-
ing a tairly big Lusines: for afew montts and
by meeting all its obligations promptiy had a
fair rating. The comission agent would turn in
a note for sixty or ninety days !rom the buying
firtin. He woulareceive his commission, rang-
ing from 10 te 20 per cent.,in cash unmediately
lie would make mary stch sales, always turn-
ing in to hes emplovers joug-tiine notes as pay-
ny niandalways receiving cashcomrtnis-ion. He
would be able to turn a nest sum of money into
lis pocket in commissions alone before the first
of the e notes were due

Then the troubles of his employers would be-
ain. The note would be returned protested. In
some cases, if goods of sufficient value had been
secured by the firm through the various tem
bers of the gang working tor different firms to
make it worth while, the firm that had given
the long-time notes would tail. If the sellers
tried to secure any of the goods through re-
plevin proceedings they invariably found that
all of the goods had been disposed of and that
the partners of the buying firm had dis-
appeared Of course, the selling firms
would then demand explanations of their
agents. These worthies would say that it
wis not their fault. They simply turned in
orders. It was up to the credit man of the firm
to". K." the orders. It the ratings of the
buyers had been good enough to fool the credit
man, Why shouldn't the agent be deceived?
The worst the agent could get Was @ dismissal
from the firma.

In cae the firm of buyers did not fail, they
would simply tell the selling firm that they
eouldn't or wouldn't pay the note and ask the
sellers what they were going to do about it.
The sellers would try to do something. They
would try in the first place to replevin
some of the goods. They would find that all of
the goods they had sold had already been dis-
posed of by the buyers. Then they would bring
suit, get a judgment, and try to attach some of
the other goods inthe store. Invariably they
would be met with the statement that the goods
in the store did not belong to the firm, but were
merely betug held by them aa agents for the
manufacturers, und were to be acid on commis-
sion. In either case the seller was out both bis
goods and the commi-sion paid the agent. All
that the fleeced merchant could do was to
swear a little and hope a great deal that it
would not happen seain.

The other method of swindling employed by
the Seelig¢ gang waa more ingenious and intri-
cate. The first step of this method was to
choose some well-known firm with a hich rating
in the commercial agencies, To illustrate:
John H. Doe & Co., dealers in. plumbers’ sup-
plies, of 2297 Dey street hadahigh rating. The
swindiers would hunt up another man whose
name was Joon H. Doe With him they would
form another firm of John H. Doe & Co, and
then would secure a little room as an office ina
building as near the real firm of John H. Doe &
Co, as posible, When their sign had been
painted on the door a member of the gang
would visit all of the big manufacturers of
plumbers’ supplies and would order a large lot
of stuff.

“Ofcourse,” he would add, casually, “that’s
on notes for 60 and #) days?‘

The manufacturer would ask for references

“Why, the mernber of the gang would say,
“everybody knows Join H. Doe &( 0. of Dey
street. Look them upin the commercial agen-
cies, They're rated at {rom $300,000 to $400,000
Call up Richard Roe 4 Co.,the gas fixture people
on the ‘phone, or John Johnson & Co, the lea
pipe peoole, or any of our competitors while I
wait here, They'll tell youdohn H. Doe & Co. of
Dev street are ‘ll right. I want the stuff ina
hurry, or I'd wait untii you could go around to
them yourself."

The manufacturer, deceived by the confi-
dence displayed, would go to his Dun or Brad-
street, and would see that the rating was
$300,000 to €400,000, because only the real John
H. Doe & Co. of 2207 Dey street. would be in
the ratings. Then he would call up the men
referred to, and they, knowing only the real
firm, would gladly say that a note from John
H. Doe & Co. was 48 good aa the coin of the
realm. Then the manufacturer would say
that he would fill the order and the member
of the gang would hand him a ecard reading
“John H. Doe & Co,, plumbers’ supplies, 2283
Dey atreet.” The goods would be delivered
to the fake firm at 2288 Dey street. The boxes
would not even be unpacked, but would be
shipped to New Jersey or other States and
aold. Just before the first of the notes would
come due the fake firm of John H. Doe & Co,
would go out of business,

Even if John H. Doe were arrested he could
not be punished. He had not committed
forgery. He had a right to sign @ note “John
H. Doe & Co,” He had personally made no
false representations. If his agent had, then
let the police catch the agent, for Mr, Doo
would virtuously declare that such a wicked
agent should be punished. But the agent
would be off for parts unknown long before
the exposure came and no one would be pun-
ished but the manufacturer. The Seelig
gang in this way duplftated the names of repu-
table firms in nearly every line of business.
When the exposure came and the plot was
unearthed it was shown in the Dalles court
hearings that their pluckings amounted to
hundreds of thousands of dollars, It was
proved that they had members of the gang
josing as reputable merchants in large cities
n nearly every State in the Union, It was
to these men that the goods were sent imme-
diately upon their receipt at the fake offices

; in this cits

Kornteldt and Gallagher will be arraigned
to-day fora further hearing, It the detectives
prove their connection with the Seelig gang
and can produce evidence that will send them
to prison a Jotof merchants will be putin an
exceptionally good humor

 

RECOVERED.

GARLICK'S bBopy
Found Floating Near Pier A--fle Fell Overboard
From the Sirias,

The body of Edward Garlick, who fell over-
board from the steamboat Sirtus off Bedlow's
Island, on Aug. 22, was found floating near
Pier A yesterday morning by Policeman Charles
Kelk. The body was sent to the nian's home.

Garlick was an employee of the Delaware
and Lackawanna Railway. Last Wednesday
he went on an excursion on the Sirius, and while
setting on the guard rail lost his balance and
fell overboard. He could not swim and sank
before aid reached him.

 

brought toyour
door.

LIEB

COMPANY'S

EXTRACT
OF BEEF.
Erenared from
e best parts
os the best beef

by the best pro-
cesses.

 

THE SUN, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.

ry om aoe

FIREMEN TO HAVE MEGAPHONES.§

To Shout Orders From the Upper Stories of
Tall Buildings to the Street.

When fighting fire in tall buildings hereafter
the firemen will use megaphones in transmit-
ting orders between the street and the upper
floors of the burning structure, With a fire
on @ floor more than 125 feet above the street
the firemen have found it almost impossible
to make themselves heard on the sidewalk.
Many precious seconds have been lost in mak-
ing the engineers at the steamer understand
just what the orders were, and, in more than
one instance, firemen have had to run down
ten flights or more to communicate with fire-

men in the street,

At a recent fire on the eleventh floor of a
Broadway building officers shouted orders
to subordinates in the street, but the voices
were lost in the distanee, Chief Croker, who
was in charge of the fire, at once began an in-
vestigation to remedy the evil and he was _as-
si-ted by the suggestions of officers and fire-
men A rubber tube, a little telephone outfit
and the megaphone were considered,

Chief Croker chose the megaphone on the
score of simplicity, The test was held yester-

 

day morning in the drill yard at fire head-
quarters by Chief Instructor McAdams, The
building is’ more than 1256 feet high, Chief

MeAdama spoke to the men on the roof in 4
very moderate tone, yet every word was heard
and the firemen obeyed the instructions given,
The megaphone was equally successful in trans~-
mitting the orders from the roof to the drill
yard

The department has ordered fifteen modern
megaphones and they will be used in every
battalion where there are tall buildings,” said
Chief Croker last evening. “The department
has been wreatly handicapped by beiga unable
to communicate quickly w I h the street, Any-
thing which will aave a second’s time at 4 fire
we want. I believe the megaphones will be @
material help to us and if they are not why
we'll get up a telephone outfit or some other
device for transmitting orders,”

THE AFFLATUS HITS “TRILBY.”

Lost on the Futurity and Straightway Mado a
"Poem" for East Side Pennies,

“Trilby” is aman of resources according to
the newsboys around the Long Island Raitroad
ferry station at the foot of East Thirty-fourth
street, His real name is Williams, and his resi-
dence is “any old place.” He only works on
Occasionally he sells mid-
Some

spectal oecasions
night extras. He also plays the races
one gave hima tiponthe Futurity on Satur-
day whieh he said was “feed-box" informa-

tion. It wasoneof those surethings that are
described as“ flourin the barrel” or “oil in the
ean,” “Trilby” had @3 with which he essayed

to bankrupt the poolroom jut the tip went
wrong and he was again forced to work.
lie went around to a@ little printing shop on
Avenue A and sat down ata table and struck
off a “poem” whieh he had the printer set up,
Hright and early yesterday he was out on the
street with two assistants yelling at the top of
their volees: “Song on the murder--one cent!
‘The residenta of the Fast Side came down out
of tenements in crowds and invested in the
poem which was printed on bright pink paper
‘Trilby” simply coined money until the po-

lice threatened to arrest him for being a fakir.
The poem is entitled The2nd Ave, Pien
Strangler and Murderer,” tiere are @ few
lines of it:

The day was done,

And the darkness falls

From the wings of night

Asa feather is wafted downward,

From an Eagle in its filght

T'was at midnights bely hour,

A fair and beautiful girl was slain,
And no more on Iifes pleasure ground
Could her litue footsteps be seen.

“HELD UP" A BURGLAR,

Mrs, Hamanns Clutched an Introder by the
Throat—Her Screams Brought Help.

Mrs, Anoa Hamanns had an encounter with
a burglar yesterday afternoon at her reaidence,
301 West 144th street, and she held on to him
until help came and he was arrested

Mr. and Mrs. Hamanns and their boy live tn
an eight-room flat on the second floor of the
tenement Mr. Hamanns owas a saloon on
the first floor, Mrs. Hamanns stepped out a
few minutes yesterday afternoon, leaving the
boy asleep near the dining room. When she
returned and started to go through the rooms
she ran into the thief, who was making for the
hall door.

She barred the way and refused to let him
pass uti! he explained to her how he got {nto
the flat and whet he wanted there. The thief
threatened her, and then grabbed her by the
hair and tried to throw her to the floor. She
was too quick for him and before he knew what
she was about she had him by the throat and
was crying for help

Her screams brought her husband and sev-
eral tenants to her assistance, and the police,
The burglar was taken to the West 125th street
station, where he gave the name of Charles
Kiernan, 27 vears old. fle is known in the
neighborhood and to the police as “Shorty.”

Two gold watches, valued at $140, were found
in his pockets

Colleges and Schools,

WAARAAARARAY

 

For Boys & Young Men—City & Country

Dwight School

35 West 43d Street, New York Clty.
Bist Year opens Sept. 26th,

High elass private school for boys from 7 to 20
years of age ndividual attention given boys whose
education has been irregular, Large facuity, Labo
ratories. Gymnasium. Athletics,

ST. FRANCIS’ COLLEGE,

BALTIC STREET, BROOKLYN,
CONDUCTED by the FRANCISCAN BROTHERS.
Classical, Setenufic and Commerctal Courses
Entrance 4) Hutter street Apply for Catalogua
BROTHER FIDELIS, 0.5... Rector,

KINGSLEY SCHOOL [,%°7*
Under Fourteen,

Individual training to healthy, manly, cultured self-
mastery Ideal location tn hill country, 22 miles
from N. ¥. Cluy. Residence new, roomy: all improve-
ments Terms, $50". Noextras OMce hours, Tues-
day, 8—12;A. M. Room 52.70 Fifth ave. Send for
booklet to J. R. CAMPBELL, liead Master, Essex
Fells, New Jersey

Madison School, "OX", sat"

New Jersey.
Preparatory for the Applied Sctences in Columbia or
any other untversity course; horsemanship fencing,
laboratory, workshop and field work, number of
boarders limited to 20; Individual attention pald to
every pupil G. VON TAUBE, Princtpal. —

HAMILTON INSTITUTE,

45 West Sist St.. Manhattan Sqoare, North,
RE-OPENS SEPT 26TH
or Information ‘or catalogue address

N, ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr., M. A., Principal,

 

H T 12 0 STREET
' b boo Wn Satrance 5, Wes 126th St .
Thorough preparation for College and Business

Catalogue

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN, 624 YEAR.
THE INDIVIDUAL T a RASIS ey
Special advantages for saving time in prepar
zi WM. J. BETTS, M. A. (¥ ale). Prtnelpal.—

~ GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY,

WASHINGTON, D.C,
Arta and sciences, law, medicine College and pre-
paratory department. li2th year. Sept. 12. me
ERKELEFY SCHOOL for boys 435 Madison av.,
New York. Twenty -Orst year begins October Ist,

For Girls & Young Women—City & Country.

LADYCLIF'E"’.

Academy of Our Lady of Angels Under the
Direction of the Franciscan Sisters,

LADYCLIFF (Formerly Cranston‘s

WEST POINT HOTEL,
Board & Tultion, $200 peryear. Send for Prospectus

NSTITUTE TISNE. Eighth Year, opens Sept.
26, 1909, Preparation for jeading colleges.
Principal, Mme, HENRIETTE TISNE, officer of the
Avademie Francaise, and oMctal delegate of the
United States to International Congresses on Public
Instruction, held at Paris, 1900.

No. 583 WEST END AV., NEW YORK CITY.

For Youngs Men & Women—City & Country.

 

ENNINGTON (N. J.) SEMINARY, on. pouou
P Brook HR. R.; 62d year; both sexes; healthful loca-
tion: home comforts; nobility of character and care-
ful training our constant alm; $65,000 new improve

THOMAS O'HANLON, D. D_ 1.1. D. President

Basiness Colleges.

Long Island Business College,

4° to 140 South Sth St., Brooklyn.
The business training school ¢ to day fur yous
d young women. Day an /venibg sessions
men ane YUEOPENS SEPTEMBER 10.
HENKY C, WRIGHT, Principal

 

Law Schools.
NEW YORK Day School, 35 Nassau St,
Evening School, 0 West 14th St
LAW SCHOOL “Dwight Method” of Instrac-
tion, LL.B. in two years: LL.M, in three yeara

Send for catalogue GEORGE CHASE. Dean

   

 

BIKE COP STOPS A RUNAWAY,

Does It Gallantly and Falls Unconscious From
the Horse's Neck.

A runaway horse tore through West Forty-
fourth street near Eighth avenue yesterday
afternoon, It was drawing an empty hansom
cab and was without bridle or halter. It had
run away from Forty-fourth street and Broad-
way after eating a full meal there while his
driver was snoozing in another driver's car-
riage. When the horse reached Fighth avenue
it made a sharp turn, stumbled and nearly fell
A man ran out and tried to stop the runaway,
but the horse got to going fast again in a mo-
ment and the man gave up the job. Police-
man James O'Connor ran after the horse, but
couldn't catch up with it,

The horse galloped down Fighth avenue
narrowly missing a horse car and a group of
bicyclists at Forty-second street. In the ave-
nue, near Thirty-eighth street, were Richard
O'Connor of the bicycle squad and Richard
B. O'Connell of the Thirty-seventh street sta-
tion. They saw the horse coming and the
bike cop ran out on one side on_ his wheel
and O'Connell took the other. The horse
banged full tilt into O'Connell and knocked
him to one side, O'Connor, however, got his
arms around the animal's neck, and dropped
off the wheel, putting his legs up on the horse
as far as he could. Then he tried to choke
the runaway and succeeded so weil that with
the assistance of some poopie on the avenue,
the animal was brought to a stop at Thirty-
seventh street

O'Connor dropped off unconscious. O'Con-
nell ran to a telephone and surmmoned an am-
bulance from Roosevelt Hospital. Dr. Hodgson
responded. When he got there O'Connor had
revived. One of hie riba was broken, his right
side was baily bruised and he had sustained
severe aprains of the right leg and ankle. Ho
was taken to the hospital and later was trans-
ferred to his home in a carriage. O'Connell
eacaped with a few bruises.

WINGED A FLEEING

 

 

HIGHWAYMAN.

One of the Gas House Gang Laid Up for Re-
pairs in Bellevue by a Cop's Ballet,

The “Gas House Gang,” which makes its
headquarters at Thirty-ninth street and First
avenue, ran out of money on Saturday night
and decided to demand the price of drinks from
the first passer, Hugh Walsh, who had been
visiting friends in the neighborhood and was
on the way to his home, 427 East Sixty-third
street, John McDonald of 821 East Seventy-
fourth street had been picked out by the crowd
to do the talking. When Walsh got abreast
of the gang McDonald stepped up to him, fol-
lowed by nine other members of the gang.

McDonald asked for the “price of a pint,
and Walsh refused to give it. The gang set
pop him. Policeman Redmond C. Thompson
of the East Thirty-fifth street police station,
who was in plain clothes, heard Walsh's cries
for help and came up on the run. He gota
hold on McDonald and placed him under arrest,
The gang came to McDonald's assistance and
he broke away, Thompson followed McDonald
and ordered him to halt

MeDonald kept on running and Thompson
pulled his pistol and fired one shot in the air,
At Forty-second street Thompson fired again,
aiming at his man. McDonald let out a yell
and fell. Thompson called an ambulance
and McDonald was taken to Bellevue Hospital
a prisoner. The bullet had entered his right
arm, fracturing it near the elbow.

Walsh was robbed of §8,

REAL ESTATE

 

NEWS.

The following are the tables by districta for
Manhattan and The Bronx of the conveyances,
mortgages and projected buiidings for the
week ending Aug. 25:

 

   

 
 
 

OON VEYVANCES.
No
No. Nominal. A

DOWNLOWD... ..seeeceeeeeneee ALD 6 $102,081
Fast Side... oe 11 7 41,032
West Side.. 18 9 163,409
Harlem..... « 15 8 64,2058
Brong..... 00 60 00ceeece rrr 56 29 68,454
TOG cocccvccccccccccccees 118 61 $515,484

MORTGAGES.

No, Amount,
DOWNIOWN, .. cc cece cece ceerweeeeereee 84 $540,274
East Side... 21 357,966
West Side... 25 643,450
Harlem... . $1 656,551
BODE. oc ccrccvcccveveccsceseeccess cece 54 219,168

Totals..... C6dddKOOerdED cenDneneress 165 $2,354,139
Amount.
$134,310
602,627

161,350
121,800
310,000

    

    

87

Seno pa PH cies Mitictestt4 . 70

The following are the corresponding tables
for the week ending Aug. 18:
CONVEYANCES.

  

 

 

 

No.

No. Nominal. Amount
DOWNOWN 00.5.5 ceececeweees 23 18 $103,606
Fast Side... 26 19 169,020
West Side.. « 10 9 73,660
Harlem..... . 38 24 116,224
BONE. «0+ sccccccccccccvons s+» O8 23 144,930

TOUS. . cececceeeeeerccceee DBD e2 $611,404

MORTGAGES

Amount.

$311,627

326,705

872,010

224,431

235,828

TOBIB, cccccscsscccccecscssccccss sees 151 $1,471,186

Amount.

Downtown.... $7,554
East Side... 116,760
West Side.. $48,250
Harlem..... @ 167,10u0
BPODE ....ccccccrscvcccce Coeseconcces + 84 164,435
Totals. ..ccccrcose O0bsecreeeerees v0 55 $704,119

To-day's Auction Sales,

BY WILLIAM M. RYAN.

‘ith street. Nos. 15 and 17, north aide, 250
feet weat of Fifth avenue, 54x100.11, two five.

story brick flats. Edward Oppenheimer and
Isaan Metzger ve. Max Goldstein etal.; J. H.
Vv. Arnold, attorney; P. Ingraham, referee;
due on judgement, $49,192.09; subje-t to taxes,

&s, $206.67
City Real Estate.

Borough or Brooklyn ~—Sale or Rent.

 

 

 

 

 

 

WO-FAMILY HOUSES: two-story and basement

stone fronts: Just completed: all houses on blocs

two-story stone; Ove sold Decatur st, between Howara
and Saratoga avs OTTO SINGER. Bullder.

‘Real Estate—Out of the City,

ne

 

Miscellaneous—Sale or Rent,

 

FoR SALE—A large new oottage in the heart of
the Adironacks, built tn the year of 1494, com-
letely furnished and ready to oecupy at once; boats,
urniture, six sleeping rooms, dining room, parlor,
library, piagea 40 fees long 15 feet wide; for sale for
$2,000 cash, a guaranteed title If bought at once.
Apply GARRET? J. BENSON. Albany, N. Y.

 

flats aud Apartments to £et—Au-
furnished,

Eaat Side,

100 EAST 8IST STREET.

Southeast Corner Park Avenue.

High-class apartments Just completed; all improve
ments: electric Lights; six and seven rooms and bath;
all light; $600 to $750. Apply on premises.

Weat Side.

 

 

 

WO MONTHS’ RENT FREE—1452 Amsterdam
av., near 182d st; new building; bright, cosey
flat; 5 rooms and bath; open plumbing; sleam beat;
rents, $16 © $21; small families wanted; janitor on
premises.

Brooklyn.

 

$1) month. flat, 5 rooms, 980 Myrtle av.
12 month, flat, 5 rooms, 051 DeKalb av.
Janitor on premises at both places.

 

Furnished Rooms & Apartments to Let

 

mast Side,

2 TH ST, 120 EAST—Handsomely furnished
large connecting rooms; private baths; running
water; references.

Went Side.

THE JULIEN,
16 West 20th st; rooms large and small, en suite or
singly; meals optional; eaceptionalily good homo
cooking: & la carte luncheun served for shoppers from
12 to A; references.
1 TH ST; 40 WEST—In quiet house; sitting room
bedroom and bath for a gentleman: references,

 

2 D ST, 202 WEST—Newly furnished, large and

OY smallrooms for gentlemen; central location;

caterer in house,

89" ST.. 24 WEST—Bachelors’ desirable rooms;
private baths; all conveniences; large parior

floor; suitable denust or physician, formerly occupied

by physician six years.

34m ST., 260 WEST Two “nicely furnished
square rooms; all improvements; terms reas
able; board optional. . ~

3 TH ST., 48 WEST—Cool, comfortabie and con-
‘ __ venient rooms for transient or permanent Guests

42D ST., 55 WEST. HOTEL PARKVIEW—
Furopean; rooms single and en suite; $1.00 day;
$5 week up.

|

 

$$

| Gurnished

oms & Apartments te Wet

ee

West Side.

 

 

 

 

647 ST ..142 WEST Elegantly, newly furnished
rooms; large, small; private bath; first
class house and neighborhood; summer rates.

TL TE
Brooklyn,

 

 

HA&t ST, 240A--Single, double rooms; thor-
oughly kept and comfortable; near Sumner,

Myrtle, DeKalb avs. cars
GT MARKS AV, 135—Corner house; newly fur-
\ nished rooms for gentiemen only; convenient
four car lines,

TNION ST., 734—Nicely furnished back parlor; use
é alt hall toom, front parlor; attendance; doetor,
jentist.

THAV., 167 (Park Slope)—Owner; handsomely
furnished rooms; house and location fir °
convenient cars.

Select Bourd,

AP

 

Pa

 

East Siae.
MAdion AV., 188, 155, 157—Parlor floor en
sulte; private bath; also large rooms, exoelient
lable; references.

N ADISON AV., 67—Large and all rooms: eu-
pertor table; location central; transients accom-

modated

ST. ALBAN’'S—B, W. DE FOREST, PROP,
5, 7 and 9 East 3ist st.—Central location; desira

rooms; private baths: parior dining room.

West Side.

BAxk ST., 38—Handsomely furnished square
and hall rooms; every convenience; superior
board; references required.

WASHINGTON PLACE, (117,) near 6th av—
Large parlor for party gentlemen; also single

rooms; good table. a : ae :

177% ST., 24 WEST—Nicely furnished single and
(double rooms with board to desirable parties;

ooo a

2 D ST., 334 WEST—Newly furnished

transients or permanent families; table 3
printed bill fare; parlor; piano; referencea

9 TH ST., 322 WEST—Newly furnished square
room; all improvements; convenient to all cars
board optional

 

 

 

 

 

3 D ST., 80 WEST—Rooms with board; central
location; parlor dining rooms; reduced rates,

three doors from Broadway.

4Qtist 218 WEST-Pirst-class Fiench board~
rd,

ing house; large, smali rooms, with board; tabi

 

—_ eR,
Brookliya,
LARK ST., 60, Helghts—Large and
/ pleasant rooms; all improvements;

board; table boarders aecomm ated; references.
OLUMBIA HEIGHTS, 136—Handsomeiy far
nished large, small rooms; river view; ood
wholesome table; five minutes Bridge.
ECATUR ST., 891A—Handsomely furnished
front alcove room; every improvement; two
closets, convenient cars; table board.
ENRY ST., 08 Heighis—Five minutes Bridge;
cool roums; excellent board $5 w $6 weekiy;

reference, ok ole as teed i.
ENHRY S8T., 101, Heights—Niocely furnished
rooms; good closets; running water; exeellent
lable: five minutes Bridge.

IVINGSTON ST., 62—between Clinton ana
Heighis; new management; newly eS
rooms, excellent table; reference.

QT. MARK'S AV. 55—Handsomely furnished front
\ alcove: square, hall rooms; every Loprovemegt
superior board i references,

JOLTH OXFORD ST. 160—Two rooms on
5d floor front; table Arst-class; references,

HAT MAGNIFICENT HOUSE, 82 Pierrepont t;
corner Henry; cheerful bedrooms; comfortable

and healthful; large reception hall; convenient
business; dining room on first floor; fine meals curvel
gentiemen preferred; rare opportunity.

 

V TILLOW ST. HEIGHTS, 146—Pleasant rooms to
ane rent with board; convenient Wall et. ferry em@
ge.

Post Oftice ‘otter.

we

   

 

 

post OFFICE NOTICE.

(Should be read DAILY by all interested, as changes
may oceur at any time.)

Foret mails for the week ending a
1900, 1 close (PROMPTLY in all oare
General Post Office as follows; PARCE
MAILS close one hour earlier than closing ao
below. Parcels Post Matls for Germany close a#
Pp. M. Wednesday and Friday.
WEDNESDAY NAtT AML (aupplet lary @ ma

NESDAY. -—At7 (supplemen'
for EUROPE, per sveamabip New I
Southampton (mail for Ireland must be
“per steamship New York”); at 9 A. M (gupple-
mentary 10:30 A, M.) for b'day 4g) seam-
ship Majestic, via Queenstown; at 10:80 A M,
for BELGIUM Get Fe steamship
jaat must be dir “per steamship Frice-
and”),
THURSDAY. —At 6:30 A. M, for
steamship Kaiser Friedrich, vie
Hamburg (mail for France, Switserland,
Spain, Portugal, Turkey, Egypt, British
and Lorenzo Marques, vie erbourg, mm’ be
directed ee steamship Kaiser Friedrich”; at
630 A. M. for FRANCE SWITZERLAND,
ITALY, SPAIN PORTUGAL, TURKEY,
EGYPT, BRITISH INDIA and LORENZO
MARQUES, per steamship L'Aquitaine, via
Havre (mail for other parts of Europe must be
wanes ¥ Cemanh Ls us ae
JAY - Atl . ‘or } direct,
steamship Norge (mall must be directed Sa
steamship Norge”).
SATURDAY. --At 6 A. M. for EUROPE, oteam-
ship Umbria, via Queenstown (mail for
mist be directed “per steamship Umbria") at
6:30 A. M. for GERMANY, per gegmalp
via Cherbourg, Southampton and Bremen
for other parts of Europe must be di.
steamship Aller”); at A. M. for N
LANDS, per steamship Rotterdam saat rye
directed we steamship Rotterdam”); at @ A. M.
for ITALY, per stearnship Ems (mat) must be
directed “per steamship Ems”); at 10 A f
SCOTLAND direct, per steamship Fu (mail
must be directed “per steamship Furnessia

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—This steamer takes
Printed Matter, Commercial Papers, and ples
for Germany only. The same class of mat-
ter for other parts of Europe will p-t be sent by
this ship unless specially directed t her.

After the closing of the Supplementar
Mails named above, additional upplemen
matis are opened on the piers of the American,
English, French and German steam and re-
malin open until within Tem Minutes of the hour
of sailing of steamer.

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERIOA,
WEST INDIES, ETo,
TUESDAY. —At_ 6:30 A. lementary 30:80

M.
A. M. for CENTRAL AMERICA ( Tana

 

 

Kica) and SOUTH PACIFIC PORT oer -
via Colon «mall for Gua!
must be directed

1 steamship Hudson”); at 0
P. M.for JAMAICA, per steamship Admiral
Dewey, from Boston,

WEDNESDAY. —At 10 A. M. for INAGUA, HLAITI
and SANTA MARTHA, ir steamshl Mount
Vernon; at 2 P. M. for BARBADOS and NO) -
KERN BRAZIL, per steamship Grangense; at 1
P. M. for MEXICO, via Tampico, per 6
Seneca (mail must be directed ee 8
Seneca”), at 2 P. M. for BARBADOS and NO.
BRAZIL, per ateatnablp Gragense.

THURSDAY. —At8 A . for BERMUDA, Ry
steamship Pretoria: at 11 A. M. for DEN
direct, per steamship Norge (mail must be
rected “per steamship Norge; at.1 P. M.
YUCATAN, CAMPECHE, TABASCO and CHI-
APAS, per steamship Yucatan, via Havane and
Progreso (mall for other parts of Mexico and for
Cuba must be directed “per steamship Yuea
at 1P. M. (supplementary 1:30 P, M,) for NAS;
SAU, GUANTANAMO and SANTIAGO.
steamship Niagara; at 9 P. M. for J

t steamshi dmitral Feet. from Boston,

ship Hudson,

FRIDAY. - Ati P. M. for YUCATAN, via Progresa,
r steamship Dagery:
SATURDAY. —Atl A. M for NEWFO

ver steamship Assyrian, from Philade} .
% A, M. (9u premenyary 10:30 A. M.) fi

TUNE sas D, JAMAICA, SA
CARTHAGENA and GREYTOWN, per °
ship Alleghany (mall for Costa Rica m
directed “per steamship Alleghany’); at10 M
for PORTO RICO, per steamship Ponce; at 10:80
A. M. for HAITI, per steamship Oranie Naseau,
via Port au Prince (mall for Curacao, Veneg
Trinidad, British and Dutch Guiana must
directed “per steamship Oranje Nassau"); af 1
A. M. for CUBA, per steamship Havana,
Havana,

Malls for Newfoundland, by rail to North over;
and thence by steamer, close at this office tel
at 830 P. M. (connecting close here every
day, Wednesday and Saturday.) Malls for Mique
lon, by rall to Boston, and tb

oe by .
close at this office daily at 6:30 P, M 9
Cuba, by rail to Port Tampa, Fla, end
by steamer, close at this office dafly copt J
eee

day) at §7 A. M. (the connecting a on
Sunday, Wednesday and Friday), M for
Meaico City, overland, unless speciany

for despatch by steamer, close at this office y
at 2.30 A. M. and 280 P, M. Mails for

Rica, by rail to Mobile, and for Beliae,

Cortez and Guatemala, by rail to New

and thence by steamer, close at this office y
at §3 P.M. (connecting closes here for
Costa Rica and Mondays for Bollge, Fveste -
ter and Guatemala). §Registered choses
at 6 P. M. previous day,

 

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS.
Mails for Hawall, Japan, China and

ands, via San Francisco, close bere ri a &
YP. M_ up to Septem ber §1 st, inclusive, for
per steamship China. Matis for Au (ex-
cept West Australia), New Zealand wall,
Fiji and Samoan Islands, via San Prana 5
close here dally at 6.40 P. M. after August {iia
and up to September pist, inclusive, or on
arrival of steamship Campania, due at New York
September ae for despatch per steamship a
Mails for China and Japan, via Vancouver,
here daily at 6.40 P. M. up to September ea)
inclusive, for despatch per steamsh ® Empri
China «registered mall must be directed a
Vancouver’), Mails for Hawat, China, Ja)
and Philippine Islands, via San Francisco, “lose
here daily at 6.30 BP. M. up to September §10th,
Inclusive, for despatch per steamshi |e.
Mails for Hawat!, via San Francisco, close here
daily at 6.30 P.M. up to September §14th, Inelu-
sive, for despatch per steamship Australia, Malls
for Australia (except West Australia, whieh go
via Europe, and New Zealand, whieh go we
San Francisco), and we | Islands, via Vancouver,
close here daily at 630 DP. M. up to September
loth, inclusive, for despatch per steamship
Varrimoo (supplementary maltis, vhe Seattle,
. close at 630 PM. Se pres bat 1Ath). a
Transpacific malls are forwar to port sauing
daily, Ana the schedule of closing ts arranged on the
resumption of their uninwerune overland transit.
PRegisterea mall closes at 6 P. M. day.
CORNELIUS VAN CC ;
Post Office, New York, N. Y., August 34, 1

A