ML. LAV V oS

tALL FOR TROOPS Ar YONKERS |

CNABLE 10
an SOME

veunced Coticemen Charge on Crowds, bat
tal te Disperse Them—st, Care De- |
solshed, Theugh Manned ts Armed |
cimrds—President Maher Fined 820, |

CONTROL
WoORSs.

rout
sonruce

 

“8 N. ¥., Oct, 26.--The street car
e assumed Serious proportions to-day
wh rioting resulted. 60 much in fact
na Savor Coyne sent hurriedly to Sheriff
le White Plaine late thia afternoon |
an. asked the latter to call out National
cuardsmen, as he feared the local police
force was unable to cope with the situation.

fhe noting. which continued throughout |
tye dav, began soon after the noon hour
«hen the company sent out eix cars, all of
ahich were wrecked by crowds in the |

 

a re -

Ihe striking employses demand 25 oents
an bour and reeognition of their union.
This was the fourth day of tho tieup. and
the police, who haveall been on duty steadily
the strike started, were worn out and
totelly unable to handle the crowds, which
ournbered more than 5,000.

\ arore to Yonkers to-day thought that
they had come into an armed city. The
ears io front of the New York Central
station was patrolled by mounted police
who rode up and down, keeping the crowd
movi. All along Main street were scat-
rere} the entire polices force of the city, a
weary band of seventy-four, who had been
on their teet for seventy-two hours.

President Maher of the street railway
ordered out the first car at 12:15 o’clook
this afternoon. The oar barns are at the |

of the long bill. On either side of |
Main street were crowds of men, women
and chudren as far as one could see. At
the top of the bill, at the jumetion of Main
street and Warburton avenue, were nearly
men and boys,

han the first .car left the barns a ory
arose and was passedalong until it reached
the crowd massed on the hill. Bonfires
were suddenly lighted on the tracks and
heap of stones and gravel suddenly ap-
peared in the roadbed. A squad of mounted
police, aided by those on foot, went ahead
of the car slowly driving the crowd back
of the junction line at Warburton avenue.
Those on the sidewalks were also driven
ahead until the street was absolutely clear.
Then the car, which had aboard a number
of police with drawn revolvers,- started
slowly to follow.

It went along without much trouble to
Warburton avenue. Then the crowd broke
away from the police. Stones flew in every
direction, and before the police had re-
covered their formation the car was @
wreck and those in it fleeing in all direo-
tions. The car was run off the traeks
and almost demolished. The motorman
of the car was probably mortally hurt, as
was one of the police guard.

The other cars fared no better than the
frat. Two of them gave up and were
hurriedly run back to the barns. The
others tried to pierce the lines. None
of them got through successfully. Some
went for two blocks, some got along six
blocks, but the crowd eventually got the
motormen off and wrecked the cars.

This ended all attempts to run oars for
the time being, and the heade of the com-
pany and the city authorities met to talk
the situation over.

Operations were resumed soon after 1
o'clock, when three cars were sent out after
the poliee captain and a squad of men had
driven a crowd off Riverdale avenue. The
car started and wae fast getting away from
the crowd and seemed in a fair way to make
its run when a man with a coal truck put
an end to the performance. The driver of
the truck deliberately drove on the tracks
in front of the oar, and there were
about ten policemen near by they failed to
make an arrest. The truckman blocked
the way until the crowd caught up with the
ear and then it too joined the other cars as
afit relic for the junk heap.

The crowd has just finished with thie car
when one tried to sneak down Riverdale
avenue to the barns. The crowd heard of
it and ran that way. The air was black
with flying things of all kinds when the
people saw the car,and the motorman de-
ecrted it Late in the afternoon the wreck
of the car was still standing on the avenue.

|. was after the attack on thie last car
the President Maher made a demand on
the Mavor to call out the militia, as he said
‘hat (he police were unable to do anything
toward keeping order. The Mayor at that
time declined to do #0, as he hoped the
Price would get together and control the
m.. There seemed to be much bitterness
hei ween the head of the street railway and
the city authorities, ae the railway people
Maintained that they were not getting a
square deal. President Maher appealed
to Sieriff Lane to ewear in theetrikebreakers
as deputy sheriffs, but the Sheriff refused
tw d> this and said it was up to the Mayor
'o ask for the troops.

\: 0:20, evidently with the intention of
puting it up to the Mayor, a last effort
*as made to run @ car through, and this
attempt resulted in the most serious riot
of the day. Saturday being a half holiday
') many shops, the crowd bad grown as
the afternoon advanced and the streets
now were packed with people in triple lines

big

eince

all the way up the Main hill.
_ The excitement etarted a
waded with police
‘as run down Main

“They are going
car!” yelled the w
body tried to get
meet the car and
of vantage.

A car bearing the sign “repair car*®
out of the car barn to the at the foot
of Main street. It there while
‘he police drove the crowd once moré up
the hill beyond Warburton avenue. With
Policeman Van Stiensburg in command
the front steps with a drawn revolver
iad the windows all taken out and each
opening filled with a polloeman or an em-
cepte the oar was etarted up the hill.
ln front of it went a equad of mounted
a and in the rear were policemen on
oot

Wheo the car was but half way up the
ull the crowd moved. Those in the rear
Pushed those in front, ani once started
‘owo the hill there was no stopping the
‘rowd. They awept away the few police
'rying in vain to hold them in cheok and
sreete! the approaching car with a shower
of stones and bricks. Some of those in

crowd stopped long enough to rip_up

“Wete? FELGE, PEALETOES*S CEES. 2 Fahl oikELo3°S.g0SE275—-5ES289- ¢ © PERESEPEEE:.SEETE5ES72° 22328428553 .0715:

 

—

; avenue and was

 

the frogs of the awitohes so that the car
could not turn down a aide street The
mounted policé with the car tried des-
perately to suve it by charging ahead into
the mob

There was a scene of great disorder for

several minutes. The mounted police
rode their horace roughshod over men,
boys and women, but thé crowd was too
atrong for them and broke through. The

| whole police force of seventy-four men

was Concentrated on the spot, but it was
useleas. The car got as far as Riverdale
then abandoned. No
further attempt was made to send out
care.

Mayor Coyne wae evidently impressed
with the fact that the crowd wae too strong
for the tired police, for he sent a man in an
automobile hurrying over to Sheriff Lane
at White Plains to ask him to aid the police
with a request for the militia. Soon after
that men from the Mayor's office went all
over the city and put up io conspicuous
places a proclamation from the Mayor
asking all citizens to go to their homes
and aid the authorities in that way in pre-
eerving peace and the public safety.

President Maher, who was arrested
yesterday for violation of the sanitary
lawe in harboring the etrike breakers in
an unsanitary building, the car barne,
wae fined $10 by a Magistrate to-day. He
refused to pay the fine and wae released
in the custody of his counsel.

William Jennings Bryan is to speak at
the Y. M. C. A. to-morrow at 3 o'clock,
and a great crowd is expected to turn out.
The street railway people, it was said
to-day, would try to run care to Philips-
burgh Hall, where Mr. Bryan ia to speak,
and the strikers have openly declared
that if cars are run they will be on hand
to stop them. The strikers alao said that
they would aék Mr. Bryan to aay sorme-
thing in their favor in hie address to-day.

Mayor Coyne and the Sheriff conferred
to-night on the etrike situation and it was
announced that since the crowds had dis-
pereed the question of calling out the
militia would be deferred until to-morrow.

METZ GETS APTER BERMEL,

Sarprised That He Allowed Werk te Be
Started eon New Pablic Centracts.

Despite the requests sent out to the
Borough Presidents and heads of départ-
ments a few days ago by Mayor McClellan
and Comptroller Mete urging that for the
time being there should be no more con-
tracts started on for public improvements,
President Bermel of Queene has not com-
plied with the suggestion and hae started
work on new contracts. As a result this
letter was sent to him vesterday by Comp-
troller Metz:

“Various contractors have come to this
office stating that they have begun work
on contracts which were awarded them
before the eame had been registered, and
that such work had been begun at the re-
quest of the Borough Presidente This
certainly is inflicting a hardship upon the
contractors, and during the present situa-
tion I respectfully ask your tion in
preventing this in future by advising the
contractors that they begif work at their
own risk.

“I would further suggest thac it might
be wiss to cease advertising for for
public improvements for thé time
even if the @aine have been authorised
by the Board of Estimate and Apportion-
ment. The city is not and will not be
in a position to pay contractors for work
done at the present time unless it goes into
the market to sell bonds. This ia not only
inadvisable but absolutely out of the ques-
tion at this time and under existing con-
ditions.

“I will suggest to the Board of Estimate
and Apportionment at its next meeting
that it pass a resolution requesting the
Borough Presidents and the heads of de-
partments to withdraw all advertisements
for public improvements until further
notice, and in the meantime I shall be glad
to receive your cooperation in not accepting
bids for such improvements, as it only com-
pels us to hold up the checks of the con-
tractors beginning such work.”

MOTOR DASH TO SOUTH POLE.

Special Machine fer Ice Werk Makes Dog
Tram Unnecessary.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sox.
Lonpon, Oct. 26.—Lieut. Shackelton’s

 

cially prepared steel which is supposed to
be able to resist exposure.

It has two seta of wheels, one of the or-
dinary pattern and the other of wood. The
front pair is of wood and is to be used to
travel over anow on wooden runners ehaped
like skis. The driving wheels are fitted
with steel blocks, ito, which staal apie
can be inserted when stretches of ice and
free snow are encountered.

A box placed on the side of the car has
a pipe which is warmed from

to melt snow for cooking

and drinking.
way.

for them will give plenty of room for storage.
The motor has two seats and is only
protected by a gabardine and « wind ecreen
against the temperature.
The greatest interest is felt in the expe-
dition.

 

MUST DISARM UTES.

The indians Threaten te Fight if Ordered
te Obey

Wasninoton, Oct. 26.—The following
was received at the Interior De-
partment from Col. Downs, the Indian
agent at the Cheyenne reservation, concern-
Cie situation with reference to the

quiet, ni ate Sia

tS, Need een
a We atten reise
Sets ts hoe einai

 

t
House with the

een ae

 

—

°. ov The Sun Printing and Publishing Aesoctation.

   

Souna?, Coponen 27, 130.
Rain and warmer to-day; fair and
colder to-morrow.

 

THIRTY-EIGHT PAGES.

sntpeiitinieiiiatt
PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 

   

     

oe HAS y = 111 OVER ITALY. NOW. | ROOSEVELT CONGRATULATES | '**22@07cwrwwey ariee. | WoMAy ROBBED IN HER ROME,

:

 

ROOT SAYS IT'S ALL RIGHT FOR
THE FLEET TO SAIL.

 

Thie Announcement Made After an inter-
view With the Japanese Ambassador |
—Question as te Whether the Fieet
Witt @ath Around the Glove Is Open.

Wasninaton, Oct. 26.—Seoretary Root
made the following informal statement
to-day:

“No such relations exist between the
United States and Japan as would make it
improper to eend the American battleship
fleet into the Pacific. If there were then
the relations between the United States
and Great Britain and the relations between
the United States and France,whioh are the
same, would forbid the maintenance of the
battleship fleet in the Atlantic Ocean.”

These remarks of Mr. Root were made
immediately after a conference between
himee!f and Viecount Aoki, the Japanese
Ambassador. While nothing has been dis-
closed to indicate that the visit of the fleet
to the Pacific was by the Seore-
tary of State and the Ambeesador, it was
explained that no communication of any
character whioh could be construed ae a
protest from Japan against the transfer of
the fleet had been made.

The declaration of the President at Vicks-
burg, subsequently répeated here in an in-
forma! way, that the fleet would return to
the Atianti¢ if Congress appropriated money
for the purpose ie expected by the Admin-
istration to have the effect of allaying sus-
picion as te the purpose of the cruise. It
became known definitely to-day that no
route for the return of the fleet had been
mapped out. The subject of the courte to
be followed by the fleet on a return voyage
was considered by the officers of the
Administration immediately concerned in
the arrangements for the cruise, but de-
cision was . It was explained
to-day that in the view of the Administra-
tion there would be time to determine the
matter after the fleet reached the Pacific
coast of the United States, and for that
reason no attention was being puld to it at
this time.

The suggestion that the fleet should

croa@ the Pacific, which would mean that
; ccune to the Aiaaie weakened ood
be made by way of the Suez Canal and the
Mediterranean Sea, thus circumnavigat-
ing the globe, has met with some objec-
tion, which, however, must be
as academic at this time in view of the
decision to postpone consideration of that
general subject until after the fleet has
reached the Pacific coast.
_ A conference having some bearing on the
cruise of the fleet was held at the White
House to-day between the President, Seo-
retary of the Navy Metoalf, Rear Admiral
Browneon, chief of the Bureau of Naviga-
tion, and Rear Admiral Evans, who will
command the fleet on its 14,000 mile voyage
tothe Pacific coast. 16 was fixed
definitely as the date for the departure of
the fleet from Hampton Roads. It had heen
arranged that the start should be made on
December, 16, but as that falle on Sunday it
was agreed to postpone the departure of the
battleships and their consorts until the fol-
lowing day.

From all accounts the conference had no
important bearing on the fleet’s movements.
The matter of the route to be taken by the
fleet after it reaches California was not
mentioned.

A request was submitted to the Navy

cussed the status of Japanese subjects in

agreements. Negotiation of a treaty be-
tween the two Governments which would
provide for prohibiting Japanese cooilés
from emigrating to the United States wae
not begun. After the conference thé State
Department made known that the Japangse
Government was every effort to en-
force the immigration laws of United
States which apply to Japanese coolie labor-
ere. The statement was made also in an
authoritative way that the relations of
Japan and the United States were very har-
monious and nothing had ooourred té make
them otherwise. Not the slightest friction
between the two Governments had ocourred,
it was said,
STORES SECURED IN ITALY
Spectal Cable Despeich to Tas Sux.

visions that can be supplied by these towns.

It ia believed here that the American
Navy Department ia considering a scheme
of sending a number of warships to the
Pacific by way of the Mediterranean.

JAPAN BUYING COAL.

Hiring Ships in England to Take It From
Neweastle te the

” ‘This coal in equal to the best Welsh coal
iggy wy beet amy but it is not smoke-
 oreame on conemeane nante

in finding suitable ships, for six

have Sate recently chartered to traneport
etal to Newport News and Mare Island

=

 

 

 

Tewns Ruined and Lives Lest North and
South—Corpers Swept to Sea.
Special Cavle Denpaich to Tas Sun, |

Mian, Oct. 26.--There are terrible floods
in Italy. In the north Lake Maggiore has
| Tisen far above its norinal level, inundating
the towne of Pallanza, Laveno and Can-
nobio.

The River Po pee risen twenty-one feet
above the normal. Savona, a suburb of
Genoa, is under water There have been
serious landslides in many perts of Liguria
and there have been great inundations aleo
in Siciliy At Trapani scores of dwellings
collapsed.

The list of casualties has not been wscer-
tained, but it {a feared that it will be a big
one. Huge masses of masonry impede the
work of the reacue boats. Hundreds of
families are homeless.

The downpotr continues to add to the
heartrending scenes in the earthquake dis-
trict. The rivers there are at full flood and
sweeping corpses to the sea. The torrente
are creating fearful havoc on the slopes near
Vesuvius with avalanches of lava and mud.
Many houses have been overwhelmed and
others entirely swept awa@y and their in-
mates drowned.

PAY FOR

 

MOTHERHOOD

 

Demand ef Conference of Engiish Women
Werkers—Too Poor fer a Union.
Spectal Cable Despaic to TRE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 26.—Hundreds of women
of various types and grades of socisty
assembled at Manchester for the National
Union of Women Workers tw discuss plane
for the betterment of woman's position
and to protest against the small wages paid
them in proportion to the salaries of men,
the women’s makimum wage being the
man's minimum.

It was decided that unskilled women
workers could not organize, that they
were too poor to accumulate funds and that
therefore trade unionism holds out no

. Nothing could be expected from
the individual employer, and State inter-
vention was the only salvation.

It was argued that working women
should remain single until they were 25,
thereby lessening the size of families and
giving women time for proper develop-
ment. One earnest speaker was greeted
with tremendous enthusiasm when she
urged definite movements for the pay-
ment of motherhood, as the only form of
industry that ie now unpaid.

The meetings were more orderly than the
Socialist conference and more enterprising
than the Hague conference, but like these
two no immediate results are expected.

 

GOLD LADEN AUTO BALKS.

 

Breaks Dewn While Carrying Cash to a
Branch Bank in Brownsville.

An automobile containing a large sum in
gold broke down about seventy-five yards
from the Manhattan entrance to the Grand
street ferry soon béfore 11 o'clock yester-
day morning and attracted such a crowd
that it waa necessary to call out the police
reserves to protect the money. This was
in course of transportation from the State
Bank in Grand street to its branch in
Browneville. The money was in bags, and
three clerks, named Garrison, Holtors and
Wileon went along as guards.

There was a small run on the branch
yesterday and William B. Roth, the man-
ager, called on the parent bank in Man-
hattan for cash, and a@t 10 o'clock sent an
automobile, driven by Arthur Kern and
containing the three clerks, to get the money.

The gold, which had been drawn earlier
in the day from the United States Sub-
Treasury, was hustled into the machine
and the return trip began. Just before
the oar reached the ferry a pin broke
in the crank shaft and the big machine
stopped. A hasty examination showed
Kern that the difficulty was one he could
not remedy. One of the clerks accordingly
called up the State Bank and asked for
another auto.

Meantime a rumor spread that a car con-
taining millions in gold was stalled at the
ferry entrance and a great crowd oollected.
Policernan Scblipf and the three clerks
stationed themselves around the car and.
tried to keep the crowd back, while the

chauffeur vainly hammered at the broken
shaft. About this time the Delancey street
station received through Police Headquar-
ters this message from the State Bank:

“Our automobile containing a large sum
of money has broken down at the Grand
street ferry, Send plain clothes men.”

Captain Handy went to the rescue in
person with six men. The crowd was at
once driven back and kept at a distance.
The money was put in the relief auto when
it came and hustled on to Brownsville.

 

REFORM IN POSTAL SERVICE,

Congress Commission Will Urge Appeint-
meat of a Director of Pests.

Wastinoton, Oct. 26.—The commission
of Senators and Representatives appointed
to examine into the business organization
and administration of the postal service
will in ite coming report to Congress recom-
mend the appointment of a Director of
Posts, who shall be removed from politics
and who shail continue in office from ad-
ministration to administration. The ocom-
mission recommends no othet change in the
postal service as novel as this, but several
reforms will be advocated. The office of
Director of Posta is proposed to be subordi-
nate to the Postmaster-CGeneral, and it is
the idea of the proposers of the plan that
he should be 4 business man of high qualifi-
cations, who shall have no concern except
the carrying on of posta) affairs without
reference to politics.

The commission does not favor the par-
cele post and will report against this favorite
project of Postmaster-General Meyer. The
commission’s conclusion was reached as
a result of the strong pressure from rural
districts, where the merchants declare that
the parcels post would ruin their business |
by playing into the hands of the proprietors |
of department stores in great cities.

 

 

FAIRBANKS NOT SO SURE.

"> Denies Having Denied That He Was a
Candidate

MippLespono, Ky., Oct. 26.—-Before leav-
ing his special train here to-day Vice-
President Fairbanks made clear his posi-

tion ia reference to quotations from certain |

St. ie and New York ) the |
effect he was nota >
gontati vet y or vosapen y. for the ¥

 

fueed ald, thes while PS tae comb be re
f pn | to have come
national! pol

gs a RR RR RS

 

CORTELYOU AND THE BANKERS
ON THEIR HANDLING OF CRISIS.

 

Mr. Cortelyou Expresses Hin Appreciation
to the Clearing Hoose and Mr. Morgan
Asks the People to Heip by Keeping
Their Money on Deposit in Banks.

President Rooseve't sent this letter yes-
terday to Secretary Cortelyou:

Tae Wurrte Hover,
WaAsHINGTON, Oct, 25, 1907

MY Dear Mn. Contetyov; I congratulate
you upon the admirable way in which you
have handled the present crisis. I con-
eratulate also those conservative and sub-
stantial business men who in this crisia have
acted with such wisdom and public spirit.
By their action they did invaluable service
in checking the panic which, beginning as a
matter of apeculation, waa threatening to
destroy the confidence and eredit necessary
to the conduct of legitimate business.

No one who considers caimly can question
that the underlying conditions which make
up our financial and industrial well being
are essentially sound and honest. Dishonest
dealing and speculative enterprises are
merely the occasional incidents of our real
prosperity. Theaction taken by you and by
thé business men in question has been of the
utmost consequence and has secured op-

our business conditions. Faithfully yours,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

On the occasion of a cal) on hin yesterday
by representatives of the New York Clearing
House Secretary Cortelyou asked that
they convey to the Clearing House his
deep appreciation on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the »ourageous and high minded
manner in “hich they had upheld the in-
terests not only of the people of tnis city
but in a senge of the people of the whole
country.
Later Secretary Cortelvou called upon
J. P. Morgan and expressed in similar
terms his appreciation of the services ren-
dered by Mr. Morgan and all who had co-
operated with him in meeting the emer-
gency.

in response to a request aa to his view
of the nt financial situation Mr. Mor-
gan said yesterday:
“As I have already said, I cannot too
strongly emphasize the importance of the
people realizing that the greatest injury
that can be done to the present situation
is the thoughtless withdrawal of funds
from banks and trust companies and then
hoarding the cash in safe deposit vauits
or elsewhere, thus withdrawing the supply
of capital aiways needed in such emergencies
as that with which we have been confronted
during the last week.”
James Stillman. president of the Na-
tional City Bank, who next to Mr. Morgan
did more to bring about a solution of the
financial difficulues in New Yurk than any
other man, said:
“Tho wise and heroic action of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the splendid
efforts of Mr. Morgan, with the assistance
of the Clearing House. have demonstrated
the sound financial conditions of the Clear-
ing House banks of this city. Now, how-
ever, in order to facilitate the shipments
of cotton, grain, tobacco and other produce
and to facilitate the imports of gold the
associated banks have wisely decided to
combine their credit by the issuance of
Clearing House certificates and thus pre-
vent the paralyzing of a very large part
of the business of the country.”
Clark Williams, new Superintendent of
Banks, said yesterday:
“The information reported to the Banking
Department to-day indicates that the im-
provement in financial circles is continu-
ing. The general appearance of this is
well demonstrated by the fact that the
directors of various banking corporations
which during the past few days announced
their suspension have tosday reported to
the Banking Department’ that they desire
if they lawfully may do so to undertake
to rehabilitate the various institutions.”

 

VATICAN GUARDING ART WORKS,

eee

Measares to Head Of Italian Gevernment
interference With Churches.

Speetal Cable Despatch to Tus Sen.
Romk, Oct. 96.~The Fine Arta Depart-
ment issued a ciroular recently regarding
the preservation of ancient monuments
and objects of art now in the churches
and hence kept by the clergy. The Vatican
evidently considers the circular a threat
and Mgr. Benigni, Under Secretary for
Extraordinary ‘Fcolesiastical Affairs, han
written a pamphlet containing practical
instructions to the clergy for the preserva-
tion of ecclesiastical documents and monu-
ments.

This is more complete and more practical
than any issued by the Fine Arts Depart-
ment. It is therefore probable that the
artistic and archeological treasures of
the Church will not only be better cata-
logued and preserved in the future than
those of the State but better illustrated.

Every diocese muat have a special com-
mission to carry out the instructions.
Special lectures will be given at the Semi-
nary and members of thé clergy will be re-
quested to examine, study and illustrate
the different monuments and artistic
relics in their diocese. ‘The Vatican library
will be intrusted with the work of repairing
and interpreting old manuecripts and books.

 

CHILD DRAGGED TO DEATH,

 

Daughter of George SheMeld Killed While
Riding a Runaway Pony.

New Lonpon, Conn., Oct. %.- A pony
ridden hy Katherine Cecil Sheffield, the
eight-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
George Sheffield of 067 Pequot avenue,
bolted this morning and dashed along the
extension of Pe juot avenue with the child's
foot caught in one of the atirrups. The
groom paught the bridle, but a strap broke
and the horse ran wildly along the avenue,
porting, 3 the little girl about the body with
Orhe oh child was dragged an eighth of a
mile before the ould overtake her.

—< ao in lees than balf an hour after the
m

Mra. » @hemeld ie the daughter of Prof.
Sanford, professor of music of Yale Uni-

yore. fr. Sheffield is a son of Searge
John Sheffield, a member of Yale's navy

shar board.
paren *s © AND OLD BURGUNDY.

‘aken ‘eK ea) enriches the blood. .
H, T. Dewey & Sons Co., 438 Fulton St., New York.

 

portunity for the calm consideration which | grade in the list.
must inevitably produce entire confidence in | a8 Baby McKee, born in the White House

—— ee

   
  

Log Fire Started It and the Firemen Put
it Oat With salt

A man passing up Fifth avenue last
evening saw a shower of sparks coming
from the chimney of the house of Mre.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, at Fifty-eeventh street
and Fifth avenue, and turned in an alerm
from a box @ block away. Chiefs Duane
and Cain responded, with the usual quota
of engines.

Vntering the house by the" servants’
quarters, the firemen learned that the
butler had atarted a log fire in an open
arate on the west side of the house and
that the chimney, not having recently been
cleaned, had caught fire. Chief Duane
and two men went on the roof and poured
down the chimney some salt supplied by
the servants. “he fire was extinguished
vith no damage.

The rumor that Mre. Vanderbilt's hous?
was burning spread and attracted a great
crowd. It was composed very largely of
persons in automobiles and carriages. The
street was blocked and the police under
— Ashley had difficulty in keeping
order.

 

BABY M'KEEK HEARD FROM.

 

 

Ex-Prodigy of the White House Is a “High
Rater” at Vale.

New Haven, Conn., Oct. 26.--For ex-
cellence in the firat two years work at
Yale Benjamin Harrison McKee of New
York geta the honor of*high oration,” second
He will be remembered

during the administration of his grand-
father, Benjamin Harrison.

McKee ia something of an athlete at
Yale and a member of the Zeta Psi frater-
nity.

 

PRESIDENT CHANGES HIS MIND.

Is Now in Favor of Separate Statehood
for New Mexico and Arizona.

WaBBINOTON, Oct. 26.—President Rooee-
velt has changed his mind in regard to
the statehood question as applied to Arizona
and New Mexico. He told Senator Flint of
California thie morning that he is now
in favor of permitting separate statehood
for these Territories, when the time shall
come for statehood at all. The President
expresses the belief, however, that no
action ought to be taken by Congress at
the next seasion but that a census should
he taken of Arizona and New Mexico at an
early date.

Until recentiy the President stood with
Senator Beveridge of Indiana, chairman
of the Committee on Territories, for joint
Statehood or nothing, but on his recent
trip down the Mississippi River he author-
ized Gov. Curry of New Mexico to say
for him that he favored statehood for
New Mexico. According to the statement
made by the President to-day, however,
he does not discriminate in tor of either
Arizona or New Mexicoas against the other,
but believes in separate statehood eventu-
ally, with a census of each Territory as a
preliminary to the consideration of separate
statehood legislation by Congress

 

———

SUICIDE FROM A LINER.

 

Young Englishman Who Was te Marry Kan-
gas City Girt Jomps From the Baltic.

Herbert Parker, a young Englishman
who was going to Kansas City to marry a
young woman to whom he had been be-
trothed in his home in Hull, jumped over-
board on Sunday night from the White Star
liner Baltic, in yesterday, when she was one
day out from Queenstown. The liner was
stopped and a lifeboat lowered in charge
of Third Officer Grosvenor Price. The sea
wae wild and frequently broke aboard the
lifeboat. The searchlight of the ship was
flashed along her wake while the life-
boat's orew tried to find trace of Parker.
In lurching in a heavy sea the lifeboat spilled
Third Officer Price. Heisasturdy swimmer
and soon got alongside the boat and was
hauled over the gunwale by his shipmates.

Parker was lost. He had been drinking
heavily before boarding the Baltio at Liv-
erpool in celebration of his contemplated
marriage.

PATRONS DIDN'T KNOW OF FIRE,

 

 

Blaze io Kalil's Restaurant Extinguished
Without Distordbing Diners.

A fire which had gained serious headway
in Kalil's restaurant at 16 and 18 Park place
during the dinner hour lest night was
extinguished so quietly by the firemen of
Truck 10 and Capt. Gallagher of the Church
atreet police siation that none of the hun-
dred people in the dining rooms and café
knew there was a fire.

Crossed electric wires in the ceili
the lounging room caused the fire,
was discovered by the proprietor, Gabriel
Kalil, who saw smoke coming through
the hall. He ran out and met Capt. Galla-
gher, who gave Truck 10, in Fulton street.
astillalarm. The firemen entered through
the hall, leaving the diners undisturbed,
and began to tear out the wall and ceiling.

The smoke had followed some pipes
around and found a vent in the way,
where Mr. Kalil discovered it. The fire
was found in the ceiling of the lounging
room in the rear of the main dining room.
It had almost burned through two of the
heavy beams. It was put out with fire
extinguishers. The firemen left as quietly
as they came.

 

DR. CUSHMAN DAY A SUICIDE,

 

»
He Went to Boston From Breekiyn—sap-
posedly Married Last Wednesday

Boston, Oct. 26.—Dr. Cushman Day of
Brooklyn, for the last two years an assistant
surgeon at the Boston City Hospital, com-
mitted suicide this noon by shooting himself
through the heart, in that part of Weld
street, West Roxbury, known as “The Path-
way.” He formerly lived at 900 St. Nicholas
avenue, Brooklyn.

Dr. Day is supposed to have been mar-
ried last Wednesday to Miss Estelle M.
Callahan, a nuree at the City Hospital, who
came from Edgewood, R.I. The physician
and the nurse obtained a leave of absence
for three days on Wednesday and that after-
noon Dr. Day took out a marriage license
in Somerville. No return has been made
of the paper as yet.

Migs Callahan was known as the “Gibson
Girl” at the hospital. Lest summer when
she became ill Dr. Day took charge of her

case.

Dr. Day was 30 years of age and was a
graduate of the Tufts Medical School. No
reason for the suicide le known here.

RENTAURANTS SALOONS, tad bot
t bottle. — Ade,

Order Evans’ Alenow. Draugh

‘ a
i a
a ,

HER SCREAMS HEARD OVER THE
PHONE IN HUSBAND'S OFIICE,

Thieves in Jersey City Viat Choked Con-
struction Company Presidents Wit.»
Before She Could Telephone for Help
—Robbers Caught Aftcr a Chase.

 

Mrs. Howell M. Armatrong, wife of the
president of the Hudson Concrete Con-
struction Company of 452 Montgomery
street, Jersey City, was held up and robbed
at the poiut of a revolver by two men yes-
terday morning in her apartments on the
top floor of a two story brick flat building
at 282 Duncan avenue in that city. The
robbers got away with four diamond rings
and Mrs. Armstrong's wedding ring, but
were soon captured after an exciting chase.
They described themselves at the Sevent!
precinct station as Henry Frey, 28 years
old, no home, and William Kassnap,
years old, of 97 Beacon avenue, and ez-
plained that they adopted Chicago tactics
because they were hard up.

Mrs. Armstrong was alone in her flat
and the Armstrong baby, one-year-old
Lucille, was in her perambulator in front
of the house in charge of a neighbor's boy
at 10 o'clock, when two rough looking men
walked up the stens and pushed the electric
button. The young woman started down-
stairs to open the door and was surprised
to see one of the men on his way up.

“I wanted to see if Mr. Armstrong could
give me a job,” he said.

Mrs. Armstrong didn't like the appear-
ance of the stranger and ran back into her
private hal), slamming the door in his face.
She quickly removed the receiver frém
the telephone in the hall and said: “Central,
please give me 086L, Jersey in a hurry.”
‘That is her husband's telephone oall and
4ne Was anxious to tell him about the man
outside.

“Hello,” she said to Joseph Sproul, who
answered her call, “is Mr. Arinstrong there’
Tell him, please, that——-”

At this moment a hand closed around
her throat and a revolver was preased
against the side of her head. She had
failed to snap the catch on the door in her
excitement and the men bad followed her
in.

“Just keep quiet,” raid Frey, the man
who held the gun, “and don’t makeany fuse.
We want your jewels and see that we get
‘em quick. If you make any trouble we'll
steal the baby that's down by the door.”

Mrs. Armatrong gave one wild scream
before her wind was choked of and Sproul
heard it at the other end of the wire. He
said later that he guessed that something
had happened to the baby and told Arm-
strong that he had better hurry home.
Armstrong made an ineffectual attemp'
to telephone to his house, but Central told
him that the receiver was off and she couldn't

tthe number. Then he boarded the West

ide avenue car for home.

As Mrs. Armstrong dropped the receiver
she turned to the thieves and coolly said:
“If you won't touch the baby I'll give you
what you want.” She stepped into her
bedroom, followed by one of the thieves,
who said he would help her in the search,
and handed over four diamond rings and
her wedding ring, which she had removed
while doing her housework.

The robbers made no further demands
for valuables and walked out with a re-
minder that it would be wise on her part if
ehe didn't makearumpus. Mrs, Armstrong
thought of her baby on the sidewal« and
aecreamed ai the top of her voice three times.
A neighbor downstairs heard it and subse-
quently eaid that she thought the baby
upstairs had “taken fire.” The young
wife then followed the thieves downstairs
and caw themseparate. Then she screamed
for help with all her vocal power and the
chase for the robbers started.

Louis Ulimann, a cigarmaker who lives
at 228 Duncan avenue, saw Frey disappear
over a fence and cut across the graves in the
Hudson County Catholic Cemetery west of
West Side avenue. He gave chase with
others and got a shock when the fugitive
fired a shot. He suspected that the man
was trying to wing his pursuers and ducked
behind a tombstone He kept up the ohase,
however, and breathed easier a6 Mounted
Officer Bartley Coyle galloped into the
cemetery on his epirited horse, Coyle cap-
tured Frey at the rear of the big burying
ground and took his revolver away. The
prisoner said that he didn’t try to shoot
anybody, but had tried to kil] himself from
sheer remorse. He wasn't wounded.

While al] this excitement was going on
Mrs. Armstrong returned to her rooms and
called up police headquarters. She told
what had happened and gave a description
of the two men. A general alarm was sent
out, and half an hour later Policeman
O'Connor arrested Kasaman, the second
thief, as he was running along the Hudson
Boulevard, a quarter of a mile from the Arm-
strong flat.

Mrs. Armstrong's rings were found in
Frey's pockets. The police returned the
wedding ring and explained that they would
be obliged to keep the diamond rings for a
few days to use as evidence against the
thieves.

The prisoners admitted to Capt. John
Cody of the Seventh precinct that they
“turned off the trick because they were
broke.” The police were not able to recog-
nize them as professionals in the business.

They will be arraigned in the Second
Criminal] Court to-morrow morning on a
charge of felonious assault and robbery.

Eee

 

DIED IN MOUQUIN'S.

George W. Bogen, an agent for picture
sone ra from his chair while dining
in uin’s restaurant in Ann atreet
torday” and died before . an ambulance

ved from the Hudson Om atreet

ith him at the time two “oe

Art
at 65 Vesey atpeet. an fang
d that t

Schultheis sai

under ¢ a for heart

bs 9 1d, unmarried, and
rs 0

os Hotel in Fourth avenue.

atthe

President Plays Tennis.
Washinoron, Oct. 26.—President Roose-