—"

—
VoL, LXVIL—NO, 137.

pit) BATILE PROBABLY

ON,

|NDICATIONS THAT BULLER’S FORO®
1s FIGHTING AT THE TUGELA,

Attacks to the Right and Left of the Boer
Position Likely—Detalls of the Move-
ment Kept Secret—Gen, Roberts Sends
His First Report, but Makes No Mention
of Lodysmith—Methuen’s Activity on the
Border of the Orange Free state
Pleases London—French tn Good Post-
tion to Hola the Boers at Colesberg.

 

Sy ecial Cable Despatch to Tae Sox.

Loxnos, Jan. 15,.—Sunday’s despatches are
mors pumerous than for some time, but they
iy potadvance the knowledge of the situation
much. Considerable satisfaction is expressed
vorthe activity of various portions of Gen,
Moths oy'scommand in the Orange Free State,
but th xiety as regards Gen, Buller’s operas
tions overshadows all else,

\ tonday there was deep excitement ovor
‘rmed rumors that Ladysmith had been

n
: vet and that the place had fallen, and
that | Buller bad won and lost a
gr battle, Lord ~~ Roberts's ~— des
st , to-night shows there is no
ehanwe in the situation, This may be illumi.
»ty the War Office if they have knowledge
thet ia not possessed by the public, but the

wt position on the Tugela River remains to
{the world a mystery which can only
ypested as implying operations of the
most critical importance
patiseclear is that the Boers’ front ex-
t ‘ortwenty miles, Gen. Buller occupies
Pog oter's Drift with his extreme left, while a
toch to the Central News from Durban,

 

 

tl Jan, 12, states that Gen, Warren left
Prore on Thursday with a strong flying column
to erate in Gen, Baller’s movement. It is
rey rred that agreat battle ia proceeding and

thot there is fighting in three places,
fhe Daily Mail's correspondent at Dieter-
pouit’burg. in adespateh dated Jan, 12, says
that Gen. Warren, with 11,000 men, moved to
istward from Frere by way of Weenen

H muts found no sign of the enemy at
eyskloof, while it was ascertained that
( » was deserted
4 leada to the assumptin that Gen.

! ris holding hia position on the left while
oping a large turning movement on the

the report of triple heavy Mghting {fs true
' probable that Hlangwane Hill bas been
attacked with the ot of gaining a com-
ng position to enable Gen, Clery or Gen
Warren tomake a direct assault, but itis dim.
to extract more from the seanty Infor-
ration than that Gen. Buller is apparently at-
gtoenvelop the enemy.
Telegraph's Frere correspondent, in a de-
epateh dated Wednesijay night. does not men-
ti un advance or amovement of any kind,
bet plainly implies that a big operation is pos-
| Healds: “You mag possibly not hear
from me fora day or so, but believe me all will
Tam taking up a wagonload of little
Jistribution to the troops in

ect

gow
luxuries for frea
Ladysmith.”
Boer despatches from Colenso, of date Jan,
11, to Lorenzo Marques say that everything
points to agreat battle during the next few

 

 

days. Vor the last two nights Ladysmith has
been fring rockets. Thoobjcetof the British
is 0 votured, the Boers say, bat it is by no
m: eur,

Despite the more than usually copious Boer
despatehes they do not mention Gen, Buller’s
movement at Potgieter’s Drift, though it must
be known, and the enomy are probably retain-
ing all information, as Gen. Buller ts doing

The hill seized by Gen, French east of the
Boers’ position may be the scene of the Sut-
fiks’ disaster It certainly commands the
Sehteitang road, If he is strong enough to

hold this and the rond leading to Colesberg
bridge he will entirely cut off Colesberg.

 

INVASION OF THE FREE STATE,

Destroy Two Farms Which “the
Boers Had Used as Camps.

British

Special Carle Despatch to Tar BuS
Mopper River, Jan, 11.-Gen, Babington,

with the Ninth and Twelfth Lancers
and a battery of the Royal Horse
Artillery Jeit camp on Jan 7, and
Honeynestkloof = on Jan, s, They

were there joined by the Victorian mounted
troops, and early on Jan. O they advanced Into
the Orange Free State, This was the first time
durir palgn that a large force entered
the country.

ilcher simultaneously moved from Bel-
montsouth of Gen, Babington’s line of march,
while portions of the garrisons at Klokfontein
an! Honeynestkloof under Major Byrne, made
a) on with the force a few miles east of
the ralway and advanced toward Jacobsdal.
Babington advanced twelve miles into
the Orange Free State bivouacing at random,
There were no signsof the enemy. The Vic-

  
 

 

 

toriansudvanced scouting carefully and rapidly,
at least twenty miles inside the border, Several
farms were visited, and it was found that their
cccupants had been warned of the advance,
As the troops were returning to camp the Sines

giais farms and two others were burned as they
hal been used by the enemy as camps
Early on Jan. 10 the force swept south,
thoroughly searching the country. They re-
turnedto Fnslin at 2 P.M. Byrnes’s column
t within four miles of Jaeobsdal and re-
eonnoitred a range of hiils to the enemy's 6x-

treme left, which was occupied immediately
by 700 Boers, No great force was observed at
J silal,

1 work of the lancers was admirable,
the country being auitabie for cavalry, The
scouts and flankers scoured the ground

in the open country and found the Queens-
toward Bloemfontein, which
caused much surprise,

Col. Piicher's troons surprised a homestead,
from which twelve Boers fled, leaving a fully
trepared good dinner which the Australians
Promptly appropriated.

lant troops

LiLPORT FROM GEN, ROBERTS,

Ile Nukes No Mention of the Movement by
Gen, Buller,
secal Cable Despatch to Tar Sc,
Loxpox, Jan, 14.—Tho following despatch
from Gen, Lord Roberts has been received at
OMee:
» Tows, Jan. 13, 3:30 P, M.—Methuen’s
‘Onnoiseance returned Jan, 11, It
t twenty-tlve miles Into the Freo Stato,
ountry was clear of the enemy except
botrolcof Boers, Allis quiet at Modder River.
French made a reconnolssance cound
y's left dank on Jan, 10, He advanced
fora Slumiger's farm on Jan, 11, with the
Cvxary and Royal Horse Artillery to
ta laager vast of Colesberg Junction,
unable to outflank the enemy. The
jissanece pushed north of Bastard’sa
Ilo examined the country north ot the

 

ry re

“There is no ehange in Gataecre’s position,

3 well at Mafeking on Dee. 28”

Another despateh from Cape Town, dated
l4 UT. M., says: “There iano change

n the situation to-day.”

LOLRS HOLDING STORMBENRG,

Poatse Report That They Were Going to Re-
tire and Concentrate at Colesberg.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Bon.
SVE Town, Jan, 10.—A despatch tothe Times
‘0 Molteno, dated Jan. 8, saya: “Last night
' Was rumored that the Boers had evacuated
slormberg and were golng to Colesberg,

 

 

      
  
  
 
    

  

some distance to the northwest, to
oppose Gen. French. <A strong recon-
noissance of mounted men under Col,

Jeffries proceeded to within three miles of
Storm berg and discovered that the Boers were
still holding the place, bat were unable to
learn their strength. The enemy fired on the
British, who replied and then awaited an
attack, The enemy refused to attack, and the
British thereupon retired. There were no
casualties, Col, Neylan, with the Cape police,
is occupying the Molteno police camp.

The Times publishes a long letter accusing
Tord Loch of the betrayal of the Uitlanders in
1804, The writer says that he and Hofmeyr,
tho Afrikander leader, caused the present dif-
ficulties for the reason that they failed to aup-
port Sir Jacobus Dewit, the then British agent.

The papers here publish the Boer official list
of the casualties at Magersfontein, whieh
places the loss in killed at 51, including 24
Free State Boers and 16 Scandinavians, The
list of the Stormberg casualties includes two
Cape rebels killed and eight wounded.

 

FRENCH CHECKS A BOER MOVE,

 

Then Surprises a Boer Laager Near Coles-
berg and Scatters 800 Men.
Special Cable DespatcA to Tur Stuy,

Carpe Town, Jan, 11.—A despatch to the
Times trom Rensburg, dated Jan, 19, says:
“At midday 300 Boers mado a determined
effort to oceupy a hill overlooking Slingers.
fontein. The British cavalry and artillery
were ordered to their right and leit and
the movement was frustrated, A company of

NEW YORK, MONDAY, JAN

 

|
|

|

the Yorkshire Regiment oceupied a hill facing |

the one the Boers attempted to seize,

“Three squadrons of cavalry under Col.
Neeld reconnoltred toward Colesberg and
discovered a Inager containing 800 men
six niles south of the village,
The Boers were surprised and = rushed
away in all directions in a most disorderly
manner. They were heard shouting in Eng-
lisnand Dutch. The British fred on them,
killing a number of horses, and then retired.”

BOERS PRAISE BRITISH BRIPERY,

Account of the Disaster to the Suffolk Regi-
ment Near Colesberg.
Special Cahle Despatches to Tur Sus.

Cape Town, Jan, 14.—A Boer account of the
disasterto the First Lattalion of the Suffolk
Regiment on Jan. 46 says that & offlcers and
04 men were captured, The British attack on
the Boer position was most gallantly con.
ducted, The British met at the summit of the
ridge a withering fire, by which their advance
was promptly cheeked., Liecut.-Col. Watson's
body was discovered beside the bodies of his
men. Twenty-seven bodies were fount in a
radius of 21 yards. The Boer losses are re-
ported to have been 8 killed and 17 wounded

Puerorta, Jan.10.—One hundred and sixteen
officers and men belonging to the Suffolk Regi-
ment passed through here to-day as prisoners,
They are en route to Waterfall. The men ara
all well,

SUSPICIOUS FIRE ON A TRANSPORT,

Discovered the Night Before She Sailed |

With the Surrendered Troops,
Snenial Cable Peepatch to Tak Sun.

Toxpoy, Jan. 15.—4 despatch to the Daily
Voul from Sydney, N. 8, W., says that
transport Maori King, taking the second con-
tingent of Queensland troops to South Africa,
was discovered to be on fire the night before
she sailed from Brisbane,

The fire was in a perforated tar drum that
had been placed in the coal bunkers. The
authorities had been suspicious and a careful
wateh had been kept. This ledto the prompt
discovery ofthe fre, which was extinguished
before much damage was done

Stringent precautions have been taken re-
garding the other three transports which will
leave Sydney on Wednesday

tha

CAPE TOWN'S WELCOME TO ROBERTS,

The Large Crowd Showed Its Sympathy
With Him on the Death of His Son,

Sperta! Ca! le Desyatch to Tire

Carve Town, Jan. 12. (Delayed in trang.
mission).—Gen. Lord Roberts got an enthusl-
astic reception when he arrived here
day on tho transport Dunottar Castle,
His weleome, however, was tempered
with sympathy for him in the recent death of

his sou, who was killed in the fighting near
Ladysmith, Many men in the crowd silently
raised theirharts tn token of respect and syns
pathy as he passed by,

yeoster-

Ile oeeuples the same residence near
the Government House that was oe.
ecupied by Gen. Buller when he first

eame out to South Africa,

FORCE MOVING TOWARD MAPFERING,

Column From the North Has Reached the
Gaberones River,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux,

Mocuunpt, Jan, 5, via Bulawayo.—A recon.
nolssance with an armored train to a point
four miles south of the Gaberones revealed the
fact that the bridge across that river was in
rulns. To-day the forco reached Gaberones
and sighted a Boer patrol, which retired

Mochudi. is 100 miles north of Mafeking, and
the British foree is probably moving down
from Kiwdesia,

 

GRE(T BRITAIN BUYS 240 GUNS,

Atter Krupps's Refusal to Sell She Gets
Them From a Southern Furopean State,
Speccal Cable Despatch ‘o Tue Sus
Lonpon, Jan. 15.—A despatch to the Daily
Mail from Verlin says that following the
Krupps’s refusal to sell ertillery tothe British

Great Britain haa purchased 40 batteries of
230 guns, not quick-fl ers, that were supplied
by the Krupps to. a southern European state
two vearsago, These guns ure destined to re-
lace those sent to South Africa from the Brit-
sh garrisons,

SORTIE FROM KIMBERLEY,

British Return to the Town After a Brisk
Artillery Exchange.
Speeirl Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Lonenzo Manqves, Jan, 12.—A Boer despatch
atates that the British garrison at Kimberley

made a determined sortie toward Kamfersdam
early on Jan. They returned to Kimberley
after @ brisk artilleryexchange, There was
apparently no damage on either side,

Freneb and Gatacre Canse Alarm at Pre-
toria.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sun,
Lonpoy, Jan, 15.—A despatch to the Tires
from Lorenzo Warqnes, dated Jan, ©, says that

|

|
ing,

| Trust ¢

 

 

 

COMPANY COULD NOT GET A COPY
OF KLING’S PETITION,

 

Yet All the Newspapers Had It—President
Johnston Declares the Charges False and
Dishonest and the Work of Conspirators
~Loan to Moore & Schley Not for Whit-
ney—Collateral on the $2,000,000 Loan
~ Breach of Law Technical, Says Kilburn.

Several of the Now York newspapers printed
{n full yesterday the confidential communica-
tion of Abram Kling to Gov, Roosevelt touching
the management of the State Trust Company.
Outside of allegations that large loans had
been made in violation of the statute, as speci-
fled in yesterday's SUN, the petition to the Gov-
ernor set fortha number of smaller loans to
individuals, stating the collateraland declaring
that it was unmarketable or otherwise
inadequate, and declared that the Whitnoy
Syndicate was using the Trust Company Im-
properly for its own purposes. This petition waa
given to the newspapers by Charles P. Bacon,
who is attorney for Kling, and who sald that he
took it to Gov. Rooseve!t himaelf last Wednes-
day, telling him that if the charges, on exaimi-
nation, were not justified the petition was to
be destroyed and not filed; and that he him-
self would not nake it publie, Late Baturday
afternoon, he said, he learned that the docu.
ment had been filed at Albany and thereuyon
he sent it to the newspapers,

This action followed a public declaration by
Supt. Kilbura of the State Banking Depart-
menton Saturday that the eolluteral on all the
company's loans was ample,

Waiter 8. Johnston, President of thh State
ompany, said last night that there was
quite n significant and extraordinary spectacle
presented In the proceedings against his
pany.

“The first opportunity that I have had,’
Mr. Johnston, “though I am the President
the company and tie custodian of the interests
of hundreds of depositors, to exam
Kling charges carefully and in
when TL picked up the newspapers this mor:
When Tasked Mr, Kilburn on Saturday
to permnit me to copy the Kling petit! he
said the department invariably regarded
such communications as conidential
one having been disposed of by hia exar
tion anyhow, it wus not ne forr
haveit. And ry newsy the ety
had such a copy at the mon wera
printing for publie information what the ¢

com-

said
of

ne

 

 

 

"ASSUTY

 

rot eve

 

ient and some

 

 

sailed company bad had no opportunity even
carefully to examine. The newspapers dit not
wettheir copies from the department, They

got them from these conspirators, who doubt-

 

leas ascertained that the falsity and dist
| esty of their charges were being established to
the satisfaction of the authoritios an a lust

|

|

'

| pera

| Unitel

| nade in the regular co

 

 

t published their false and libellous ma-

 

eral matiors which have been called to the:

 

  

tention of the banking 1 artment, there is
fonlyone that could be ao « orted a8 to make
even an explanation necessary This he said

   

was the $2,000,000 Jonn to asyn lieate, “Aa to
this loon,” Mr Johnston continued “there ia
no safer iu any trast compa nk in Sew
York. The persons on + attack
charged that the collate f put up.

 

bring Shir

nad bring at

on the market for sale, W
tno

The truth ta the collateral w

        

moment not lass than $4,500,000, It was

Lis the bestsecured Joan onthe company
woke. Behind it 26.00,0009 of zood bon Is
and $2,005 rred stocks paying &

OOO of

 
 

percent, d

no diffleult
that the loan was ‘amply secured.’ O

 

 

s he has

this

 

syndicate transaction, moreover, ave
posits came tothe J ¢ ( pany of 1
000,000 together wit ve and highly pr

abe busines
“When Mr
tion he at
of the cotla
thatthe
thest
have lim
Ou0, and th
ested

each o
Yer

Kilburn looked into this transa
moe conve red thy lew
reral, t remark jpon the fa

entire

  
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  

  

tent pre-

  

within the limit, but the
ferred to have the 1

forthe present. 3
ver, that loar
nsin whi
inferestel uncer
transaction doe

prohibition any more than would a
‘corporation in ¥ director of this com-
pany shoul! bea dea

«tan !

   

se} polnts re.
ink to anna
mneotthe bank =
the cireunis
not fall within

urn

 

 

lirects

r
of

3 Is
thir

tiitesy

the et:

  
 

here ia just
transaction
made toeixk
loan. Bur

soundn

     

ad ras any bank trust company cat OW
and the otter trrespousibiity of the pentioner
in th meaandet tl persons behind him ts
revealed in’ the iwtemont about this

 

lulae «

 

which Supt
sary fo refor
the Kk

ee two loans to
not think it
ment, Out uy w!
sto place a totally f
One was the loar $412,800 to WLP
Mr. Bheehan is counsel for, and
's the partnership whieh purchased
tiea that are collatera t}

   

ned
so interpreta.

 

tithon srs
tion
Rheehan
represer
thi
Th
ba
ert

KS

 

 

norte.g nds and dis rod
moet valuable gas prope.
ut, and are rth twicethe
Bun of nat! i 3D
unite written coutract to be paid on Jan, 17
instaut, by the strongest gas company in the
Stutes ontside of New York uty

“The other loan, to Louts P. Pas
seenred by good collateral that earr
dends enough to pay 6 per cent, interost o
loan

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

‘This raid, however, has [rrrnished the ore.
sion for us to exhibitto the suj tendent of
Hanks personally the exact condition of the

company and to reesive trom him pe
hia offleiat endorsement of our flr
strength and stability.”

Mr. Grant B. Sebley,
Schley, avid: “Our time loans at the}
Trust Company, to a total of $1,000,008
rae of our business at
different. perfods on highty approved mixed
collaterals, all quoted at the New York Stock
Exchange, and these loans have been pro-
tected at all times with 25 pereent margin,
but more often with Soto 40 per eent. margin

 

par

as they have been recentiv, and are now pr
tected, while no one of th se loans has bee
made by us at the suguestion oO norfor aoe
count of. nor with haknowlo ge of Mr, Wil iam

©, Whitney.” (The Kline pe
this was really a loan to Whitney.)

The Kling petition asked that the ease
referred to the Attorney-General if its 4

  

 

      

te

 

tiona were fonndto be correct, Supt. Kilburn
said last night

‘Tam pot going to jay the matter of the
State Trust Company before the Attorney.

General, There is no reason why [ should co
ao. Thelmportanee ofthe whole business tus

| heen very, very much oxavgerated, Asamutter

the tone of the Transvaal papers indicate that |

Pretoria is alarmed by the position on the
western and southern borders of the Trea
State, Last week 5,000 man were despatehed
from Natal to help resist Gen, French and Gen,

Gatacre,

Loxpoy, Jan, 14.--A despatch to the Central
News from Durban, dated Jan. 11, says thata
number of rifles have been discovered aboard
the seized German steamer Bundesrath, The
search of the vessel has not yet been concluded

Pretorta, Jan. 11,—The embargo on imports
via Delagoa Bay is the question of the hour
with the burghers, If it is not removed it Is
stated that {t will have a prejudicial effect on
aliens and the British prisoners. i

Loxpox, fan. 14.—The Duke of  Woste
minster, whe has just succeeded to tho title, is
returning {rm South Africa on leave of abs
sence ‘te will go back with the Imperial

Yeomanry, oe
Bont Found Marked "*City of Paris, No. 73."
Special Cable Despatch to Tir Sum,

Lonpon, Jan. 15,—A despatch to the Chronie
cle trom Cape Town says that a telegram from
( Pay states that fishermen found a
Baldan ne at marke! “City of Paris, No. 72
t was thought the boat belonged to fthe
Paris of the American Line, but at the qin
pany’s office it was pointed out that if the boat
belonged to the Paris it wou have been
marked with that name only,

of fact, nothing bas been done that calls in any
way forany action by the Attorney-General,

he banking law has heen violated by the
rusteompany. These violations having been
brought to my attention, it becomes my
duty to issue an order to that eompany
to conform to the law and to see that {t does so,
If they shou’! persiat in committing these

 

technieal violations of the law, then some.
thong would havo to be done. But they
will not. persist n doing any such
lthing. They are anxious to rectify these

' payment of that loan,

|

| ceive:

|

errors and have voluntarily offered to do so,
They say they didnot know they were violat-
ing the law. :

“ho there were any question of the Inatitutiou
being unsafe, it would be my duty to ‘ake
steps to make {ft safe, no matter how severe
thoae steps would have tole, But no quest’on

of the solveney of the. company has been
raised, and it is absolutely and per-
fectly = sound, ean’t see why any
one should think this was a_ matter for the
Attorney-General, The Penal Code has not
been violated, These technical violations of
the banking law do not constitute misde-
meanors, in my opinion, and am a
lawyer. were to proceal to the
Attorney-General with a complaint against

  
  

ry banking institution that ever technically
folated the banking. law, I would elose up
every one In the Stare.”

With regard to the check of the Metropolitan
Traction Company for $100,000 which Was act
against wloan of $455,000 mace by tho trust

mmpanuy to Louls I’. Payn, Superintendent of
Insurance, Mr. Kilburn said that the president
of the trust company had gone on record with
@ swornastatementin which he said thatthe
check was given tothe trust company as part
but that the company
so understand it atthe time it was re-
ane it was held as collateral. The mis
take has beon rectified andthe amount of that

an | 5,000, and ts fully protectyd by eol-
lateral hei {a pertotiy good. 4 .-

 

Ake ay

 

 

 

ition alleged that |

VARY 15, 1900.-

 

ATTACK ON STATE TRUST] 77"

     

  

IGHT, 1900,

 

 

COPYR

 
 

    
   
 

bet ”
Boers Admit Th AVBadyemith,
but Report t ght Loss.
Special Cable hes to THR SUN.

Lorenzo Marques, Jan, 12.—A Boer version
of the attack on Ladyemith on Jan, 6, dated
Boer Headquarters, Ladysmith, Jan, 7, speaks
of the stubborn resistance and conspicuous
bravery on eitherside, but the burghers were
finally compelled to retire from most of the
ground they had occupied.

The Boer losses are placed at fifty-fourkilled,
including one Transvaal and three Free State
fleld cornets. Ninety-six men were wounded

The British were most strongly entrenched,
The walls and redoubts wero skilfully loop-
hooled, Thecombat was at such close quarters
that rifles were frequently fired when the com-
batants were only an arm's length away. In
fact, it was a hand-to-hand encounter, Inthe
gray dawn the men on both sides fought like
demons.

The horror and bewilderment of the scene
presented a picture without purallel in the ex-
perience of those taking part in it,

Frexe Camp, Jan. 11.—A helioRram from
Ladysmith says there have been no further
Boer movements, Tho outposts had asiight
brush early on Thursday morning. The
ratious of the garrison have been Increased,

Lonpon, Jan. 16.—A despateh tothe Standart

) from Ladysmith, dated Jan, 7, says that the |
|
Boer losses on Jan. Oare believed to have been

the

mne }

tendent had |

sit was |

lonn tu a |

They have
dead and

greater than those of the British.

been ongaged in removing thelr
wounded for a whole day and night.
TRIAL OF CAPE

COLONY REBETS,

Attorney Verdooten of Dordrecht Com-
mitted on a Cherge of High Treason,
Speeral Cable DespateA to Tue Sun
Carr Towns, Jan, 12.—The trials of the rebels
are proceeding at Sterkstroom, Attorney Ver-
dooten of Dordrecht has been committed for
trial by the Queenstown Circuit Court on the

charge of high troason, The court was
crowded, Local Dutchmen were keenly Inter-
estedinthe proceedings,

Che Times publishes a letter from Jolin

Scoble, editor of the Transvaal Adreriiser, cor-
reeting the Duly Mail's account of the burial
the uw k in IS. He) states
that the was buried was the flag
amp, and not the
ruit, which was

of ion Ja
flag that
that waved over Pretoria
tha twas saved at Brokerss
handed to the Twenty-first Regiment. The
latter fag Was timental colors of the
Ninety-fonrth Regiment, not the union jack,
The Tunes advocates a patient bearing with
the disadvantag: s of Delagoa Bay rather than
to incur further complications. It says that

rth

 

the x

   

the port is simply un open sore for statesmen
andthey contd not be blamed if they put up
with the mischief eaneed by it rather than to
rushinto courses which would certainly not

accelerate the termination of hostilities,

FORD STRATHCOONA'S PATRIOTISM,

Government Accepts Uis Offer to
Four Hundred Fighting Men,

tpecial Ca! le Despowh & Tur Sc,
LONDON, 14.--The Marquis of Tans.
cretary of State for War, on Saturdays
formal y accepted Lord Strathcona’s offer to
supp'y, distinet from the Canadian Govern-
ment ntingents, at least 400 mounted men,
pusofficers, He will arm, equip and trans-

equip

dan,

  
 

downe, &

 

port the force to England, where tho Imperial
Government wil) take the.a over

The men be raicad in Manitoba, the
forthwest Territory and British Columbia,
Only single men who are expert shots and

riders will be accepted,

SLIGHT CLUE TO THER WRECK,
Ship Lost in st. Mary’s Bay Probobly a Ger-
man OU Tank- Cap Marked *' Palke.”
Sr. Joun's, N. FL, Jan. 14.--A flsherman near
the scene of the wreck inSt. Mary’a Bay pieked
up to-day a sailor's photograph, On the cap of
the manin the picture ean be read "S. M.S

Faike.”
There is no ship Falke oaswering the eon.
ditions surrounding the wreck near Peter's

 

     

      
 
  

 

 
 
  

   

     

   

 

   

   

‘

 

 

 

 

THAT, THE KNOWING ONES SAY,
ALL POLICE CNANGES MBAN,
The Vicious Were Getting Out of Pand
and too Many Complaints Were Coming
In— Chilly Feeling in the Tenderloin —
Cupt. Price Takes Hold in Brooklyn.

Police Captain James K. Price moved his
sphere of activity from the Tenderloin to Polico
Headquarters, Brooklyn, at 8 o'clock, yester-
duy morning. He met Deputy Chief John

1s

WN TO BE A BIT SAFER.

G AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

Fafr and

¢

 

 

 

 

CUBA'S POPULATION 1,200,000,

 

400,000 Less Than the Spanish Censna of
1887 Showed,

C. H. Olmstead, the assistant director of the

Cuban census, landed here yesterday from the

transport McPherson with four statisticians

and supervisors who had been  work-
ing for the last several months in
Cuba. They brought with them twenty-
four boxes of records, all of which will

Mackellar at Brooklyn Headquarters and the ,

two were in conforence for more than an hour

Then Mr, Mackellar escorted the Captain to
the Detective Bureau on the third floor where
he was introduced to Sorgt, Harry Metcalf
and the members of the detective squad,

Capt. Price remained tn his oMee only a short
time. He returned last evening and stayod
long enough to signa few papers. Several re-
porters called on him and asked how he liked
the change. »

“T’m here,” said the Captain grimly, “that’s
enough.”

Chiet Devery’s shakeup of the force shffte
a comparatively unknown commander, Cant,
Andrew Thomas, into control of that great
harvest flelu, the Tenderloin, and has struck &
large number of persons in this city with a
chilly feeling. On the supposition that it is
pow “upto” Devery to prove that the blame
for the “wide-open” town {s not bia, they are
wondering what is going to happen to them,
From the Bowery to Harlem, in each entre
where the characteristics of thea Tenderloin
have been allowed fnll sway ever
Tammany came back tnto power, there was
ce naternation yesterday ‘rtain elusees
of the vaterers to vice, and there were evidences
from various sources that for a tine, at
even the men with big pulls will he
their sails clove to a wind of reform and put on
an airof complying with the law. In the Ten-
derloin itaelf the change of control is looked
upon by divekeepers of all kinds asa misfor-
tune, even if Capt. Thomas is not regarded

since

mons

least,

  

 

 

  

 

 

asa reformer, Capt. P ‘s Jong experience
inthat precinetas “Uy cop” for Alexander 8
Williams, when Willian mmanded the pre-
cinet, nude him particularly able to spot every
one Who might need a frien ‘onrtand Capt, |
Thomas ts said tohavethis¢ ty alisoparticue |
larly well developed, Tho ho thought they
were aale jor *time under Price are now
expecting to haveto hust tround anfl try and
cohvines the new ecomman that they onght
to be allowed to do business in the precinct
That there is going to bo a spasm of activity |

against the more flagrant violations of the law,

 
 
  
 

n interested seems to
doubt.) jose bodies of good
LiFe mipiaining to tue

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

 

      
 

 

Police Board, The dive keepers do not seem
to question it, All they ask ts, “How long is
the storm gotng to lost?”

Men who been watching the drift of
affairs in the centres of vice have been expect-
Ing the present move for several montha and
thoy discovered the first evidences that it
was coming several weeks wo oOWwhen
the doors of sever dives were closed
because the proprietora, who were
not among the favore! at adquarters, no
longer dared openly to violate se liquor Inw
and the coneert hall law and found their
chance for prot wone with the eyes of the
police on then Imr Hlate'y attar that came

| the deman f the Police Boar’ upon Chef

| Devery tor reports as to how the law was being
complhed with in theatres and coneert halls,
and it was evident that a “tip” had been se
out, tor from that time on the concert hell
kee pera have been in evident fe of tronbte

and have been prompr to close their doors

 
    

 

 

 

  

    

&s 8001 48 loek arrived week day
ings and ys
lives whi have poweru
pulls and di 1 tlanece o
the law d ising te
| sell anyth « is,
r prepare ‘ 11 raids
Inadeint er 0 hixj
or wh table a plate withanythingon it
riuight be istrued @s a wal” unde
liaiues law
Ncither Presider t York of th: Police Poard
nor any of the other lo ice Commissioners
coula be found yesterday would diseuss the
resent stfuation, nor would Chie! Devery,
ut there were of gin the department who
were notso cent, although of course none
would be quoted by name
“Anybody who thinks that the Police Com-
missioners can put Chief Devery in a hole uy
throwing the responsibility for he ‘wide-open
town’ upon hem and washi elrhunds ofthe
matier is mistaken, ane of them,
ine polive ot itv are oficered by men
of ability and xperence, apd it) bas been
proved time and tims agatn that thoy ean ene
lerce any law thatthey really undertake to, I
Yon't kr vunything What orders the
bourd hus given to the Chief, but von may
sure of one thing-if they have told Deve
without any strine to the ¢ %, to een
the city, it wil be done. The police toree

River, T ©» is but ons of that name tn
Tloyd’s registry She is plying in the
Meliterranean trade and is) owned ly
the North German Lloyd Line, and |
the funnels of this line’s ships are
yellow thronehont, The wroeck’s funne) is |
red, white and black with a white diamond,
andsheismuch Inner, according to reports, !
thonthea Fuike. Pho wroek ip also said to be
, whereas the Faike is several years old,
ke is @ German warship,
ay beof a aeaman. fre her
onthe wreck or ofa friondof |
one vo. the w
Nomoreis known now ofthe ship's identity |
thau when she flrat strock the rocks, while the |
chance of jiearning it) grows ury Jess
bh Mery ov 1 the kage
n tt 4 he reduecd to mately
wo heavy seas, wien continue with.
ont \ll the ship is pow under |
wate nof one mast and thi 1
, . The brea rupotthe |
lily continuing |
ly hope now of learning the ship's |
inthe hoat which wasthrown up in |
Ben Oe , with two bodies shorty |
alter the p strack and which has so far |
esenped lostruetion by the waves, \
eontrivar has already been riege) to let |
) & wan down trom the (aeeof the elif there toe
morrow, Tf the weather improves he will tee |
mova the bot { pro earn t shiv's |
ne fr rm board
releven bodles have Seen intedon

ofthe Mrm of Moore & |

       

the rocks within a conple of miles, and it Is be-

 

 

 

 

lieved that others wili be found olf the shore
) when the boats go sear ‘

Tho loca! marine authorities think the yreek
isone ofthe ship i the ituern Unit
Rtates por proceed ng to Engiand with a
general cargo and #& om issengwers, They
til »wes hugging the coast to Cape Race

to avoid the mid-oeenn atorms, A blinding

; BHowstorm Was rowing to-day.

} kovor whose photograph eame ashor

i that ho

| three-masted., The

 

Tho funne! marks of the wrecked steamsh
indicate that she waa a German tank or off
carrier, The Inseription on the eap of th

showed
hat been a inember of the German
r| the third-class cruiser Falke, now

 

    
  
 

navy at

fn the Paeifle

Three an tank steamshipa, bouad east.
ward and 1 aight have been Inthe newh-
lorhood ot St, John's Iast Sunday morning,

Tiey are the Heliog, of 2,211 tons, Capt. Jans-
en, Whieh loft this port on Jan, 5 for Flushing;
the Mannheim, of Shs ti .' apt, Ockelman,
wiiteh salle! hence for London on Jan, 6 and
the Helgoland, of 1,510 tons, Capt. Von Rite
tern, which left Phtlndelphia for Bergen on
Jan, 5. The Helgoland and Mannheim are
Helios ts a new vessel, and
cription of herin the American
‘ pping, She is probably, like the
other tanks, capableof making about ten knots
in pleasant weother and a knot or eo less in
rough seas, This would bring her near St.
John’s in about six days,

 

   
  

 

iano
/

there

teen

SECRETARY OF BENATE, I. 8, SUERMAN,

The Office Offered tothe New York Congress-
man, and We Will Accept.
Wastinaton, Jan, 14.—~When tho caucus of
Republican Senators reassembles next Friday,
the Caucus Committee appointed to select
candidates for the elective offices in the Senate
and to distribute the patronage, will present

the name of James S. Sherman of Utica,
a member of Congress from the Twenty.
fifth New York district, for RSeeretary of

the Senate, There was an understanding that
the office shoul! go tothe State of New York,
and Senators Platt and Depew had agreed
upon James 8. Clarkson, formerly of Iuwa,
but now of New York city. for the
honor, As objection to Mr. Clarkson de-
veloped, however, the aecretaryship was ten-

ered by the Caucus Committee to Chairman
BB, Odell, Jr, of the New York Republican
Btate ( omimittes, but waa declined by him,
‘The New York Senators then rurned to hep-
resentative She n,and be has signified his
willingness to t4 the offlee. While he. has
the tentative support of the two Senators from
New York, they are. stit] backing thelr
originul candidate and will stick to Mr.
Clarkson as long ag there is achance of his suo-
cess, The defeat of Mr. Clarkson, however, !@

needed, and when this i@ apparent to Mr.

tatt and Mr. Depew they will put forward Mr,
Sherman, and he will be nominated,

  

    

   

is made upofhmen whorre anvto sto hod thetr
iohse and thes fon'? want ¢ runout ninat
any stone It didn't need a bri house
to fall on ¢ atter the el-ction that out Tame
many kit or them to under.

 
  
 

  

 
  
  

 

     

standt re were be a good
many ' which they had better
not see hint andany one who
wontt faeathat whi many
} ites from all evidences of
v in others the town was wide open, [i the
yowers that be wantitelosed up again it will
t “l ‘vethat ts what the
poople wat nf is to have thinga
toned down a bit. Thoy were wetting too wild’
Those who have beon observing mnatters bee
lieve that ths i& just th act, aul that the
police move w uli ha heen ma US? AS Pe Te
tainiv if no bodies ‘zone had gone to Hend-
quarters to protest, though thos of course has
added a hew ineentive to the pol pmake a
show of petiaity. When the word went out that
New York was “wite open” titled
oO persons who were ling to. entertain
devious ways her e'tizens ant the strangers
who mixgh »withn her gates, tiles
bringing out from other waliy of le such peo-
ple who were already hora, Tho rapld grow

Vice was o

  

 

   
   

of publiely displave hwious

one who Jooked about, Withie a few mo

the warket was overstocked with yv and the
‘“tevers to ff, vf it was { 8 for so
many persons and places t Ke aproft in
the eedinary way The rest was that these
people took to robbery, ‘The police were
constantly getting yoplainta end these
often = from persons who were able
to make trouble for them Panel
houses, whieh for years the police have sup-

pressed witha atern hand, aprang up again,

 

 
 
 

 

 

   

 

 

 

badeer ganes were revived an! more open
robbery » one ye women who tured men
efi the streets, while the gamblers, unable to
get vietma meh to aupport “stra ght”
games, rant ‘i games o. Various sorte
The avowed purpose Of thoae who advocate
an “open” fown is to make New York an ate
tractive resort for bersons not over partioular
who want io have a good time here, and it wa
obvions that this con ditt Tairs would kill
the goose that Init the ¢ nogts, besides rete
ting the police themoclyes ints trouble, It has
alwora been the undérstanding between the po-
liee apd persona Who were allowed to ply ques.
tionable callings that thev were to make no
troulie for the poli¢a, It was when core
lants of robbery by women and gamb-
ers Dewan to grow troublesome that. Capt,
Price and others who had Tenderloin
and similar diatriets to look after, began
rounding up tha women of. the street
in larger numbers than uaval, and putting the
screws on the outer fringe of the vieious resi«
gonuts of thelr distrieta, Now, that in time a
knowledge of the sitation has reached head-
quarters, A general movaément has been begun

 

 

 

f> make the city Safer and more presentable
}t [a pretty confidently asserro | that this ia all
that the present movement js meant to be,
however strongly the Pollea Lourd and Chiet
Devory may protest,

 

NO REPORT ON A HADLEY DINNER,

 

St. Louls Newspapers Suppress Mention of
the Vale Banquet There.

St. Louis, Mo,, Jan. 14.—President Hadloy
of the Yale University was the guest lust
evening atthe Noon Day Club of the Yale
Alumni Association, but eltizenaof St. Louis
Were notaware ofthe fact geuerally to-day.
Tho four English Sunday papers decided to
give considerable apace tothe event, as it wes
looked upon as a deserved eompliment to a

vll-Known edueator and adyaneed. thinker.

Vhen reporters appeared at tho clubhouse to
take notes they were treated in such a dis-
courteoua manner by those In charge of the
arrangements that they returned. tothelr res
spective oMees indignant and made such 4 re-
port to the editors aa led tothe suppression of
4ny reference tothe dinner,

 

 

Cercle Francais de WHarmonie all,
Madison Square Garden, to-night—Al»
4

be sent to Washington to-day. Manuel Rasco.
who was the Supervisor of Havana Province,
did not aevompany his colleagues to Washing-
ton. He said that 1,550 enumerators had been
appointed, all of whom were Cubena, Many
women were allowed to act as enumerators,
and Seflor Raseo said that they were much
better than the men,

The result of the work indicates thatthe
Spanish census taken in 1887 will probably
have to be reduced by about 400,000, Thus,

| the present population of Cuba will be about

1,200,00% The cost to the Government of
taking the census will be between $400,000 and
$400,000,

VOR BLISS FOR VICE-PRESIDENT,

National Committeeman Durbin of Ind’ ana
Favors Him as McoKinley’s Running Mate.

Anpeneos, Ind, Jan. 14.—Col, W. T, Durbin,
the National Repablican committeeman for
Indiana, said yesterday:

“Lam for Cornelius Blisa frst, last and at! the
time for the nomination for Vice-President,
He isthe strongest man in my eqtimation the
Lepubliean party can name, Hos will be par-
ticularly strong in the great West among the
business men and in the trade centres, This
wil a business campaign. Lam very kin vy

    

dis d towacd Gov, Roosevelt, but lL cdo not
deem him so avaliable a man for Presiden
M inley’s running mate aus Becretary $8

 

nerally conceded
rom New York

mation

woud be. f think it is
thatthe nominee will come
wud it ought tobe Diss by

 

 

|
|

 

 

 

 
  
 

 

 

   
 

colder to-day; northwesterly winds

 

ae
CENTS.

ey

COMING BATTLE AT ALBANY

 

GOV, ROOSEVELT COUNTS ON 26 VOTES
IN THE SKNATE,

Supt. Payn’s Friends Say Votes Enough te
Displace Him Cnu’t Be Got—Saxton's
Name May Bo Sent ta Wednesday oF
Tharsday—Buflalo for State Convention?

Gov. Roosevelt, {t was sald quite positively
Inst night, will send to the Semate on Wednese
day or Thursday the name of Charles T. Saxe
ton of Wayne county to be Superintendent of
Insurance in place of Bupt. Payn. The Gove
ernor, it was stated, is convineed that twentye
one Republicans and flve Democratic Senators
will vote to confirm the nomination of Mr, Saxe
ton, If Mr. Saxton fails to pass muster in the
body in whieh he sat or presided over from 1800
to 1891 Gov, Roosevelt believes, it was stated,
that ex-Seustor Myer Nuss aun of Albang
may be favorably eonsidero', Mr. Nussbaum
has for his special champion Senator Joha
Ford of the Now York eity dis'rict and author
of the Pord Franchise Tux law. Mr. Ford tethe
senior Republican Senator below The Brong
and his friends lo not believe that he bas ree
colved just recognition in party matiers, Mee
Ford's filenda also say thatthe Neht now bei ag

 
  

 

 

   

   

waged against ( Abe Graverand the efforts
to dislodge him as Republican alter of the
Twoenty-fArst Assembly district by ex-Assene
bivinan George ¢ Austin had their seco. @
purpose the deterovination not to renominate
Senator Pord this fall, Gov, BR ‘tlast winter

to Mr, Ford's tra
to the opinions

itial Repub

Wis very part
mensure, contrary
Viatt and ot

home of ex

hise tas
f Senator
uns,
i -trov, Saxton’s riends said
that he didnot want ta be Superintendent of
(Insurance at $7,000 a year for three years, but
preferred to serve out his term as presidiig

   
    

 

        

   

 

      

   

RAMAPO BONDS RUINED THEM, nudge of the Conrt of Claim This meane

oe remap: $5.000 @ year for ilve years and 8520 a year for

The Portland Bankers, Woodbury & Moul- | Cpaye!! DE exbonses Pa tune be & me

ton, Were Wrecked by the Agitation, mis , it othis, for Gov. Nooseveit would

. | 1) and send Mr. Saxton’s name

Ponrtuann, Me, Jan. 14.—Tho sehedules of without some understanding Wild

nssetsand Habliities Med in the bankruptey
frier ) ree ‘ neia
ease of Woodbury & Moulton, banker’, show ’ \ I } at , A. - - .
’ ‘ ) mi that Ooseveilt

a better state of affairs than was expected. | nomination or nomnations could not be cone

The total Habdllities are given as $480,058.51 ] rmed ao i mink over the ground ia

and the face value of the assets at $4 0, | es effort to de o the vietor in the contros

ms , ’ a8 1 t r as the port aay you pays your
The firm mate the mistake of hoding secur mone {you tikes your ehoice,”

' tiesin the face of a falling market, but the A good seipand not a singla fact

i “er le 5 , : ‘ f '

immediate cause of the asskynment was, it ts | 944 been peddied a to the nature o the rive

: ; ; ; port Mine ssombly inve ting come

) Rai, the Ramapo water agitat nin New York mittee isto band in at Albany wis said

ooivury & Moulton had flnancedtha New | jase night t the majority report will be

York Water Company and hed avery lance | given to tho Assembly on Wednesday

Amount of ite bonds and Also & isiderab and the minority. report, prepared by

stocks Last st & the firm ree wt tht USN] ex-Assemblyman Holl rwill be handed in as

vow York brokeraa flattering offerof a lump | the same time. \ mut othe. slightest

suni, spot cash, for their stock and Mr. Wood- | goubttho Muvet nmittes stirred up muck

bury telegraphed that he would accept the | feeling in Republican civeles hereabouta

Propoa:tio” ifthe stock Was to goto responsi: | Tha  upestate epuviicans did) not be

h'e men who would gotnto the dealto develop | jfeye in the eomanitt ind Democrats

the pr party, Assur inces Were made on that from Riehard Cro) ‘own have dee

point and the stock was sold nounce! what they calle] the unfair methe

The Kamapo water agitation followed and

 

 

 

   

 

 

ois of Mr.

Moss counsel for the committee,

 
  

 

    

 

instead of inopeasing in value as was expected | Many Republeans below the Bronx have also
{the bonds held by Woodbury & Moulton | been severe eritios of the Mazet committee's
became almost worthless and ultimately | qoj d have insisted) that no goa
i brought them down would come to the Republiean party from
| quae anemones rem ; Other Republicans have sustas eturdily
| ROBERTS OF UTAH HAS A CHAMPTON, | Aen ted the work of the committed,
| There is one opinion heard ad to the
| - ‘ present ses ,ofthe Legisiature at DANY,
| Prof. Kenney Says He Should Be Cheered | ang that is that it sould be ready to pack up
j Instead of Persecuted. and move out not later than April l. The
| , = es) ae primaries for the election of delegates to
| Binonamton, N, ¥., Jan. 14.-Prof, E G Ken- the State convention which is to elect delve
| ney, who waseonnected with Cornel) Univer- | gates and delegatas-at-large t the Hepybitons
tyand later with Johns Hopkins University | National Convention are to be held late in
fi and ator “8 ‘ , | March, and it is proposed to hold the State
at Balthrore, has championed the cause Of | eanyvention sometime in April, Saratoga is
Congressinan Roberts of Utah. He says | the fav oNte apot for holding Republican Btate
‘Tt soe “omarkable that in a [An where | Conventions, that fs, during the summer
; : remarkable t) ae , . | months. Syracuse has also in yoars past en
old matds are foravercomplaining by eause men | yoyed these oecasions, but the Alhambra, on
lot marry them, Whon one a eeees T) | the banks of the raging Oawego Canal, was
ess Who has been large-hearted + nough | burned a fow Weeks ago and Syracuse iy dese
ce th 6 OF SOUT wives 4 ho should have | tituie of eonvention hall, So a strong feeling
rouble in taking his seat : ; has set in in favor of Butfalo and many believe
Kenney argueathat the supply of un-

 

 

 

   
 

rried Women inthis country. will soon ex. |

“tthe male popu 1390! that Koberts je |
only following the te fseriptural characters
ker » ways thata

‘ourae he

     

{alfairs t '

} to eo ¢ \ |
yoder circumstances a man should |
perse sei Loar oa

BIG COPPEr MINING DEAT,

 

White Horse Claims Reported Sold to the
Rothschilds for &2,000,000,

Vancouver, B.C, Jan, 14.—lt is reported |
that one of the biggeat mining deals on record
in Pritish Columbla has been made In the |
transterofthe White Horse copper claims to |

the Rothsehilds syndieate for $2,000,000,
The deal was put through by Manager Bowker

the Britsh-American syndicate which owns
the Lelioi mine at Rosslan

Several exports were
to oxamine these claims
mike the moat wotderfal copper showing
found anywhere, One of them reported that
on a single ciaim $81,000,000 worth of
had beon exposed by a creck washing away
the formatio: Che properties aro situated
1Ho miles down the Yukon m &’agway and
will be reached next symmer by an extension
of White Pass Railroad, now bol g built.

 

   

sentout from England
Allagreed that they

 

        

   
   

 
  

wv

 

PROSECUTION OF MOLINEUY

May Close This Week, Only a Few More
Witnesses Remaining.

The trial of Noland B. Molineux for the mur-
der of Mra, Katherine J. Adams will be contin-
ued thismorn'ng inthe Court of General 8
ions, To-day will be the seventy-sixth since
the beginning of the trial, When the case was

adjourned on Friday William J. Kinsley the |
andwriting expert wae on the stand and uel
|
|

‘38.

  

 

| identitled three new “Barnet” letters and
| sWworet hey were In the hand-writing of
Molinenx. The court a journed for the we:

| His yrisoner was

before ba had been crosesexamined and it

probable that be wil! go on the stand again thi
morning. The prosecution ha nly a few

m witnesses and promises to finish the |
presentation of ite case this week, It madethe |
game prom'ae inet week, however, and
ed then to be as far ddvanced as it is n

k

     
 
 

 

  

ARRESTS IN THLE

WV
EXCISE 710,
Two by Devery’s Yen and One by a Tender-
loin Sleuth,

Among the exci-o arrests that wero made
yes'erday were three In the Tivoli, a resort on
Woat Thirty-tifth street, sald to be backed by

!

Nob Nelson, the Tenderloin bailbond man

arrest was mid
man Varry, a plat

One

arly in the even
sothes man
oseoh Piana

   
  

 

 

accused of selling him oie dri

about Tisv00 M ane othe:

John Clot ani! inder Clark, both
Who wero accuse! of gelling whiskey about
41:30 o'elork to Deteetives Darey and behoe-
neck of Citef Devery's staf?
brought the whiskey to th

street station as evidence.

 

 

Devery’s men
Wost Thirtteth

 

ANONYMOUS MURDER CITARGE,

Brooklyn Volice Arrest Dead Woman's
Hasband on the Strength of Tt.

The Detective Bureau in Brooklyn received
an anonymous letter throw daya ago, declaring
that Mrs. Luigi Notasfonesca of Lefferts strect
and }rooklyn avenue, who died ten days ago
and was buneta week “y )», had not died from
pavers auvea but had been kicked to death,

vateotives Vacheris, Millor and Betts investl-
gated the case and jast night arrested Michael
Cenaro of the nme Address asthe authoroftha
Jetter, although ha denied having written tr.
Ha {is held at Pollen Headquarters, Brooklyn,
asawitness, The detectives also arrested the
womad's husband and locked him up onatech-
nical charge of vagrangéy in order thathe might
be heli until they can have the body. of the
woman exhumed and @ post-mortem held,

 

SMOKERS WIN THEIR FIGuyT,

 

Cars for Their Use to Be Attached to L. 1.
h. R. Rapia Transit Trains,

The Loug Island Ratlroad Company has
{asued an order that a smoking car is tobe
provided in the future on all rapid transit
traine having moro than one car.

lilness of Frederic KR, Coudert,

Frederic R. Coudert has been ill at his home,
155 West Fifty-eighth street, for the past two
months with nervous prostration, and at one
rime wasdangerousiy sick, Me ia better, but

still confined to the house, |

|
of Music,

| threatened to

that that city will secure the prize.

“PIRES? SANG THE CONTHALTO,

People's Choral Union Thrown Ten
Offi the Key.

orarily

 

Fire threw the People’s Choral Union off the
key at Cooper Union vesterday afternoon
towanlio' The thousand singers under

Frank Damroschwere rehoarsing the” Messiah”
preparatory to tts production at the Academy
Brooklyn, on the evening of Jan. 20%
The tenors wore having a little special drilloa
chorus, “All we, ike sheep, have gone
and had just completed the phrase,

the

astray,”

"Wo have turned every one to hia own way,”
! of the sopranos were seen to
their séats and make their way

 
  

witoor, A contralto, looking up
trow of posts from the stage, ¢ave @
rm, and polated toa ring of fire that
ng the top ofthe pillar

wie new

The sealing Wax onthe gas pipe had caught
fri Th: flery pillar wes just above the
women singers and drops of the burning wax

fall among them, The oceus
ants ofthe tront halfofthe house arose in &
| Ih tomeoke forthe door, Mr. Damrosch

rear the plano with his baton
lsat his frightened flock, but his

   

 

   

 

ligist ¥ . tin the tumult,

Seo John MeDonocugh sprang down to
the frontandelimbed upon the railing, Though
a silver tenor, his Voice on Occasions can pierce
like a buzz-saw
1 “Keep your seats,” he shouted; “there fg no
an ger

Yes, there is," sereamed back half of the
second Soper + pointing at the flame.

Miss Mary MeGow f thu deepest cone
traltos, eried our: iy, girls. There
ianodanger, See, the men are jaughing.”

someboly eanwhile bad s'ipped around

 

and tur;seddown the gasand the tlame quickly

uG
Ciled out

Astho timid ones came back from the coor

   

andr «! thelr seats, Mr, Damrosch made
alittle speceh “I'm afraid Til have to give
youafiredrill,” he aid, “You seem to have
forgotten that no well regulated chorus ever
Siar iny Where without a signal from the
dir I want you to remember thatin ease

 

ofany danger ot any timo, neither the direetor
northe officers will leave the ball til every
member is safely out doors,” Applause
ureeted this speech, after which the rehearsal
Went ou to the end,

 

ADLAT DECLINES TO RUS,

Former Vice-President Will Not Accept @

Nomination for Governor.
Bioomrxcton, DT), Jan, 14.—Former Viese
President Adlai B. Stevenson announced last

night toa committee of Demoerats who called
on him that he ts not and willnot be a candie
date forthe Governorship on the Democratia

roar, Ife vstened to the sugges
tions smombers the delegation who
Fought to show him that hiscanditacy was nece
éssary to rost#¥re harmony in the party, but
would not alter bis decision, which he declared
was fina!

   

 

Mass Mocting to Protest Agatnst Profanity.

Aunayy, Jan, 14.—A mass meeting waa he'd
in the Lyeoum to-night to make a demonstrae
tion against profanity, A simiiar meeting Was

 

held a year ago, when an anti-swearing
league, with a membership of over one
thousand, was forme, To-night many now
members were secured, Addresses were made
hy Right Kev. Biehop 'T, M.A. Burke, the Rev,
John 7. Stattery, the. Key. John I, Lyneh, the
Ilon. Patrick FE. Mecat Gen, Amasa  (,
Parker, Willlam J > Mi'ne, President of the

tate Normal Gollece of \.bany, the Kev, Pate
rick Mellales, President of Niagara Univers
sitv, and Ray, Jamoe H. Halpin of Herkimer,
Kesolut ons protesting against profanity wera
adopted

 

Big Surf Damages the Long Island Shore,

 

heavy seas have been rolling ia
from the ocean along the shorea of Rockaway
Peach and Jamaica Boy, The wind has beea
coming out of the cast and blowing at the rate
of forty miles an hour, Great inroads have
heen made into the beach at Arverne and
}.lgemer A wide channel has been cut into
the beach, opening up the old at Malaee
mere. At this place the water has almost
recched the railroad tracks

\t Arverne the seas are eneroaching upon
the board-waik, and at Sea Side the foundae
tions ota big danetng pavtiion are so far undore
mined that the bu a throatens to

Fora we

niet

LOllLApses

   

Murder Over a Dog Shooting,

Canton, U1, Jan. 14.—Joseph Roller shot and
killed Sandy Dillinger at Dunformiine, near
this pl to-day. The men had quarreliad bee
enose Koller had shota dow belonying bib
Mnges,

ad

%

a

— Sem

—~*