re Pee

‘|
|
|

                

MRS, HAM’S $70,000 ESTATE.

FRANK £. ORMSBSE OLAIMS IT UNDER
4 WILL AND A DEED

He Was Her Legal Adviser and the Deed
Gave Him the Property Absolutely, She
Not Even Reserving a Life Interest—
Hetra Bring Suit to Set Aside the Deed,

PovouKrersi#, Jan, 14.—The disposition of
the $70,000 eatate of Caroline Ham, who died
{n Madalin, Dutchess county, Inst August, has
become a subject of general interest ever since
{t became known a few days ago that Frank 8,
Ormabee, a lawyer of Madalin, claima the en-
tire estate, notwithstanding that he ts not an
heir. Mr. Ormabee oame Into prominence
several yoars ago as the friend of William J,
Bryan, During bis campaign in 1808, Mr.
Bryan spent several days oe Mr. Ormabee’a
guest at hie home tn the town of Red Hook,
and made several specches to the farmers in
the neighborhood Mr. Ormabee acted as
Mrs, Hain’s adviser for several years and man-

aged her affairs.
One of the documents under which Mr. Orms-

bee claims the property !s Mra, Mam’s will,
which was mado three or four years before her
death, in which she bequeathed her entire
property to Mr Ormsheo, under whose direc-

lo e will was drawn, The other tnatru-
we A Teed exacuted by Mra, Ham about
two years before ber death, by which she con-
veyed all her property absolutely to Mr, Orme-
bee, not even reserving @ life estate, The deed
ja dated Nov. 23, 18:4), aud was recorded In the
Clerk’s office of Dutchess county on June 29,

An cation han been broughtin the Supreme
urt by Catharine M._ Peto, uiso Bell,
ichard Ham, Elizabeth Towlin, Halen Smith,
forgaret Ham, E!lza Place and Maria Ham,
to set aside the deed to Mr, Ormabee. The
papers Inthe case ahve been served by tho
attorneys for the plaintiffs, Roy, Wateon &
Naumer of 26 Court atreet, Brookiyn, |The
complaint alleges that at the time the deed was
made, dire. Ham wasa pereon of very advanced
age and of weak and uncound mind, and was
wholly incapable of comprehending the valae
of her property and incompetent to manage
the same: that she was wholly Incapable of
understanding and apprehending the natars
and purpose of the deed, It ts aleo allege
that the eee wis made without any consid-
ration whatever,
* t ia alleged also that Mr. Ortnsbee repre-
ented to Mrs. Ham that she was indebted to
fim tn alarge sum of money, and that he had
expanded large suns for her. Mr. Ormabee, tt
{y asserted, collected Mrs. Ham's rents and {ns
come and took possession of her persona
estate, amounting in value to over $20,000, an
for several years lived at her expense. The
etre will not only seek to set aside the deed,
ut also to compe! Mr. Ormabee to account for
the renta and income ond the personal property,
The case will be tried tn April, The will exe-
cuted by Mrs, Ham has not been offered for

probate.

SMITH'S THROAT SLIPS,

 

TACK IN

He Went to a Fire and Became so Excited
That the Obstruction Was Dislodged,

Cromweir, Conn. Jan, 13,-The case of
George Smith, manager of W. 8, Bulkley's liv-
ery stables, who swallowed a large brass tack
while attempting to sneeze with a mouth full
of tacks, as he was nailing some tarred paper
to the ceiling of his employer's carriage house,
is attracting the attention of physicians not
only in the immediate netghborhood, but
throughout the State, Smith delayed about

consulting @ physician until the trritation of
the throat became so_ painful that he could
stand it no longer, He then consulted Dr,
Charles E. Bush. The tack had been so far
carried down ty the food that he had eaten
that it could not be extricated. The doctor
tried every means to relieve his patient, but
his efforts were futile, Every breath caused
Smith intense pain, and ho was unable to eat
solid food, He kent about, however, and tried
various methods sugested ty pliys cans and
friends who had become Interested in his
case,

During the past week Mr. Smith has received
more mail matter than he bad had during his
entire lifetime, Every mail brought lettera by
the score advising all sorts of remedies One
physician suggested eating large quantities of
raw oyaters, Among other methods that Smith
has tried is the swallowing of a wad of about
seven yards of silk thread inthe hope of en-
fangling the tack, which bestdes being large
headed has a point almost an inch long. Two
attempts of this kind were made, both of
which wore unsuccessful,

Th was nally decided to have the patient fo
to New York and undergo an operation. He
was to leave yesterday morning, but secured
relief the night previous in a peculiar manner.
There iano fire department in Cromwel, it
being a town of only 2,000 population near
Middletown. Mr. Smith isone of the leaders
of the fire brigade which is equipped with
buckets and does effective work when its ser-
vices are required, He hal jus retired whan
aman ran through the town shouting “Fire.”
Smith responded and was soon at the fre
which was that of a barn standing near several
other frame buildings. He became excitel
and was soon doing his share toward saving
the adjoining property, The men were han di-
capped by a acarcity of water, but at last were
masters of the situation

hen the excitement was over Smith was
retty well used uy The next mornine he
ound that the tack had been dislodged by bis
exertions, Though the obstruction ts still in
the throat {tix further down. Dr. Bush says
Smith ts by no means ont of danger as vet, and
that it may be still necessary for him to submit
og operation. The tack no longer distresses

m,.

 

OUR AGRICULTURAL EXPORTS,

Great Britain and Her Dependenctes Take
More Than One-Half,

WasHinotoy, Jan, 14.--Frank H. Hitehcock,
Chief of the Section of Foreign Marketa in the
Departmont of Agriculture, in a report on the
distribution of the agricultural products of the
United States, says:

“The agricultural products exported from
the United States during the five years INi4-
1898 had an average annual value of $503,-
636,201, Of these enormous exporta, nbout 0
percent, found a market in the United Klog-
dom and its various dependencies, The sum
paid by the British people for the Amerioan
farm produce purchase! during the period
mentioned reached as high as S405 050.854 4

ear, In the five yeara under consideration
he United Kingdom alone teok more than
one-half of all our agricultural erports, the
consign ments credited to that country forming
about 55 per cent. of the total sh pmenots, and
having an averige annual value of $362,407,-
TOL,

“Germany, Which ranks next tothe United
Kingdom asa market for the prodtiets ot
Amerioan agriculture, reeeived about 1 per
cent, ofthe exports tor TSE. INOS, the average
yearly value amountng to BO OT4

France, with purchases that vvoraged $45,1)8N,-

   
 
 
    
  
  

  

WW ayear, was the third country in impor.
tanee. The exports to Francs, however, formed
only about 86 per eent oo the al. and
hardly more than half as | the ship.
ments to Germany. The shipr tea to Cer
many, on the other nand, were than one.

sof those to tt ited K
the United Kir (
] togethernearly

   
  

fourth the si
These three countrivs—

 

Germanyand Franee— reer ve
75 per cent. of the total agricultural exports
“The annual recorda of exportation show
that, with very few exceptions, the lend.
ing foreign countriea materially inoreased
their purchases of American arricultural prod.
ucts during INO4-INOS Tn the total valine of
the agricnitural exports there was an advance

rom $036,083,747 In INid to S858. 507442 in

 

 

 

BON, making a gain of S21 STA The
countries of Jest nation that contributed most
to this increase were the United Kingdom,
Germany, Franee. Pelgium, Canada, the
Netherlan'e, Japan, Italy, Denmark, and

Pritish Africa,
“Our exports of farm produce tothe United
Kingdom incresaed S82 088.854 durty : the

 
   

 

five years, sdvencing from sso 252 in
Ta4 to S458. 505,105 In Isis This y la.
cidedly the largest gain reeorded, althoy

    

shipments both to Gern
showed an important growt!
Germany there \

 

 

from $41,011 888 to 75,507 ' T .

gain for
the former country was S45. 4415°8, and that
for the latter $45,415,008
“Asummary of the agrenllural exporta for
1884-1606) showing the tots reneh eontle
nent, brings out the fae’ that about S& per
cent, of all the farm produce shipred tram the
United States during the tive venrs mentioned
Was marketed in Eurone. The value of the

ahipments to baropean

oh f vount lex fr mm ISU ro
, inelustve

Average | SO80 00807 a yaar

 

 

In 16s it reached as high as STULRTO,7ND,
showing an increase of SLT Se ower the
vaine for N44, which was S505 085845. The
chief part of the remainder went to Conada
and the other North American countries, an
average annual valve of 848,724,257, and com.
prised Sligntly move tha 7 ent the
total. ‘Tie records forthe five years show only
Asiiaht vain In istbthe valnew $50,727.
57, the following + fell te S48,775.010
and then Wi\ eed until ind PSTN Gt

amounted to S577

 

Shot and Killed the Man Who Called on
Mls Mouseke oper.

Wasntvetos, Jon. b4-N n Vale, 00 roars
of age, this afternoon stot and led Alex.
ander Jackson, 82 years old. at the home the
former in Tennalisiown, a suburb of Wash.

 

ington, Thetwo men quarrelled over Mury
Ellis, Vale's housekeeper, whom Jackson had
called on. When Jackson hit Vale with a
stone, Vale drew n revolver and shot his
@svailant, Vale was arrested. Allare negroes,

   

eee ata AE A DALE LD LE LAE

| dotlar, a big g
0

    

  

PROVERBS VWROM THE GERMAN.

 

Sinkers Aprings a Whole Folk Lore Collec:
tion on Sarsaparilla Reilly.

When Sarsaparilla Reilly went into the little
restaurant the Sinker Man poked his head
through the kitohen doorway and sald:

“Vay, Reilly, I vas just talkin’ about you.
Vhen ve speak of devils ve are sure to appear,”

“That's wrong,” said Reilly, “When I come
in ye must say, ‘Speak avangels ye hear their
wings.’ Mind that now, I seo you're not up
on pro-verbs,””

“Vhat?”

“Pro-verbs,” sald Reilly. “Ye don’t know
much about familiar quotations.”

“know which are dey,” remarked Sinkers,
“Qnotations are Vall street. Ain't it?”

“No,” anewered Reilly, “I mean familiar
soyin'’s. For instance, ‘It’s an iil wind that
blows nobody down,’ an’ sich as that.”’

“Oh” aald Sinkers, “like my vife says: ‘Mako
haste vbile der sun shines,’ I know much
plenty und more besides, Do you know dot
one, ‘I vish I vere a dog's tail better asa lion's

head?” .
“That's an old one,” answered Reilly, “It

kem from Italy twenty-two t’ousand years
afoore th’ flood.”

“In Germany,” said Sinkers, “ve had plenty
adverbs like dis: ‘Don't come home late vhen
my vife’savake.’ ‘Men mit beards don't need
barbers.’ ‘Vhen somebody's vife mad aets, glvo
her two dollars more as last veek’s vages,’
"Young people die old.’ ‘Never talk back to your

vhe ou are sleepy.’ “It’s a smart dog
ven can telegrah:boste climb,’ ‘Alvays take
orseshoe from der oor,
sertope ald Reiliy, “that's pot right. Ye
haven't an ounee of sense. If ye want to
learn, listen; [| suppore ye've heard that
proverb, “Ail cooun loo alike.’ Well, that
comes from the Spanish, ‘All cats are gray in
the night.’ Of course ye know that Every dog
hoa his day,’” y
“Bure,” paid Sinker Do, 7oe know dot
: Had a Little Lamp
ba Tt yelled Rel! lv. Bou't monkey wid
'm too anere, for ver, an’ if yer wit
Ni

778A.
» : ver tread on & Bore

agin me ye'll git cut.

toe,” ” '
°e "Now I Lays Mo Down to Sleep,’ ” said Sink-
ers, “Dot wo right, too. I know yet more,
‘Never tell my vifevhat I lost on der poker
ame.’ ‘Vhen it pours ft rains.’ “Don't tieder
og loose vhen you got a new cat. Every man
should fry him’s own gooses' ‘Life Is feet

“Hoid on,” interrupted Rojliy, yo should say
‘Life is Sweet.’ ‘While there’s life there's life’
well, I forgit it, but I know a pro-verl that
goes like this: ‘A. little house well filled,
A little land well tilled and a little wife well
willed are great riches.’ That's a marringe
wish.” a e

“I vish you cet dot vish,” said Sinkers, “My
vife {s not sucha little vomans. Vhen {come
home between 2 o'clock mit 4 little yag, she
looks like ahevere twica so big as John
Jeffries, der boxNghter, Did you beard dot
Kid Dinkeky atoie der boxfight from Spike
sleCoy yer'erday night on der Roadway Ath-
letie’s Club?” ¥ :

“That's a dream,”ésaid Reilly, “Don’t ait
pro-verba mixed wid prizefighters. Come back
to Erin. It’s like teachin’ a pig toplay a flute
totellyouannything.”

“Vall.” replied Sinker’s, “no man can teach
me yosterday vhot soo know to-day. Vhy
don’t you tell me vhot [youl Ike to listen?
Aint you got someting vhich Teould spring on
my vifesoshe tink how ginartLam?

“T have,” answered Reilly When yer go
home tell her to wrap horself in A doormat
and dream she's@ Dootechinummy,”

“Now you're commencin’ again.” sald
Rinkers. "Why don't you say [am my vife's
husband.”

“Aint yer?” asked Rolly ;

“Pm my husband's vife" said Sinkers, but
“Pm no Du'eh mummy hneband, Don't be too
wisdomneas, Vhen der vine isin, den is it you
are out mit yourself.”

“Without th’ wit,” satd Reilly,
th’ wine.”

“we can't git

“Come on,” raid Sinkers, “ve'll tell Red
Jerry, der bartender, bout dot o! trhesrb vhich
der Governor of New Orleans say to der Presi-
dent of Loulsiana—It'’s a short time between
dr nks.”” ‘: =

“Do nothin’ hastily but catehin’ fleas,” sail
Reilly. “We can't catch Red Jerry, th’ bar-
tender, that easy, Ha! I have it! We'll tell
him a'new baby arrived at vour houee this

mornin’. I can see the drink In sight. One
big drink!” i
"Vh not ve make ittwins for two drinks?

said Sinkers, but when they 8 it to Read Jerry’
Reilly raised the ante and they drank triplets.

 

HIS WIFF CALLED AT MIDNIGHT,

 

Her Brothers Belabor Stafford While She
Deals With ‘‘ Mra, Blake.’’

The domestic affaire of Harry Grant Stafford,
acon of Harlow Stafford of 225 Weat L26th
street, and a student at the Baltimore Medical
College, came to & climax yesterday morning.
Young Stafford, who was astudent at Columbia
six years ago, married Ida May Currey, who
lived with her parents at 1331 street and Con-
vent avenue, The couple went to live with the
young man’s parents, Recentiy Mra, Stafford
returned to the home of her parents, and said
ahe would never tive with her husband again.
Stafford’a brotherthen senthm to the Da'ti-
more college, The young man's parents went
South several weeks ago, and on their return,
two weeks ago, stopped at Baltimore to visit
theirson. Young Stafford told them he was
getting along well, and expected to pass at the
end of the term with flying colors

In the meantime, the young wile had hired
private detectives to trace her husband's
movements. The detectives learned that
young Stafford] returned to thiseity about ten
days ago, and located him at 252 Willis avenue.
Living in the same house was Charlotte Fow-
ler, asoubrette of the "Finnegan's Ball” Com-
pany, which played an engagement at the

 

[etropolis Theatre last week he young
people were living inder the name of Mr
and Mre. Blake. Mise. Fowler goes under
the stage pume of Charlotte Viuot The
house ia ceeupled = by Dr William
Weinberg, who subleta the upper three

floora for furnished rooms, ‘The young peopie
came to his house a week ago yesterday and
told the woman in charge that they hat lust
been married and wanted to stop there until
they were ready to go to housekeeping,

At 12:30 o'eloek yesterdyy morning Mrs
Stafford, her two brothers, Jesse and Stephen,
and William Hall, a dete tive, wert tothe louse
Dr, Weinberg opened the door, thinking Mr
Stafford lived there. As the door opened the
three men darted past him and upstairs followed
by the wife The doctor then took the men
for burglars and ran to get his revolver, He
went upstaira revolver in hand. When he
reached the third toor he heard acreamsa an!
the sounds of ascufiein oneof the front roou
Haeeried that if they didu’t open the door, he
would shoot. The wife wae belaboring the
oubrette, and her brothers were pitching into
the husband. A policenan of the Alexander
avenue station was called inp, but no arrests
were made. Mra, Stafford had secured tha
ev dence she wanted to begin procerdings for
adivoree

Young Stafford was a graluate of St, Mary's
echoo! sahipand servedin the war with Snatn
is an apothecary on one of the auxiliary
cruisers,

RUNAWAY FINN IN THY TOMS,

Girl He Retrayed Fears He'll Poison Her
and Will Let Him Go If He'll Pay,

Jacob Walling, who was arrested on Satur-
day afternoon by “Whiskers” Smith, the only
Finnish policeman in this eity, on the charge
of abandoning Lizzio Wehkamak, hia bride of
three weeks, was arraigned before Magistrate
Olmated inthe Centre street police court yes-
terday and committed to the Tombs to await
examination. His faces waa badly scratched,
and he said that he had fallen offatrain some-
where between Montreal and this elty, and for
nearly a day lay in a house unconscious. When
he had suffice ently recovered he came to this
city, arriving three days ogo and began a hunt
for his wi. To substantiate his story he
asked that aclerk inthe ofee of A. BE. Johnson
& Co, of 27 Broadway be called to testify that

he had telephoned to Johnaon & Co. to make
inquiries for his lost wife. She isin care ofthe
American (Citrls’ Society at State atreet,
where her board is being paid by the Russian
Consul General

The wife salt in court that she was willing
that he should goto Fintand without her pro-
vided he would leave her the greater part of

his money in order that she might support
herself until she was able to secure PIOPME
employment. She would not live with him

agiin, she said, as she feared he would poison

 

   
 
    

her, to wet rid of her
“Whiskers” Smith was in his glory when
arreigning the prisoner. lie wore his best
ksuit and was resplendent with a ring

 

ntaining a stone as large as a silver hail

ld chain, with heavyeharm and

a soret sosiety button “That ia not his

fname your neror.” he said of Walling
“That is @ consumed name His real name
is Jacoh Hautala. It avpears on a draft for

11838 marks he hadin his poeket,”
Magistrate Omsted and Sorzeant

compiimented Smith on the good w

done in the cae Smith rec

ments oa only yust

waits a cold day when T get left,” he sald,
Where Teame from it's always cold,

IP YOU ARE CONDUCTING
A really first-class Furnished Room or Board.
ing House, make its locality known through
Tire Sun's advertising columns, Sun readers
seek such piaces,~Ad~

Langan
rk he had
ivad the comp

 

 

 

 

|
|

 

 

CHINESE ROB CONVERTS.

HOUSES OF CHRISTIANS LOOTED BY
1 BIND OF FANATICS,

Noman Catholic and Protestant Families
Alike the Victima—Grain Stolen’ and
Scattered—Thieves Follow and = Steal
What the Fanatic Woa'’t Take With Them

Letters containing information of a disturb-
ing character have been received by the Amer-
ican Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
sions, The letters come from representatives
ofthe board in North China and tell of an ups
rising against the misstonaries and the native
Christians by a fanaticn| sect called the Uni-
versal Society of Boxers in the region about
Pang Chuang. Of some ovents in the village
of Li Lu Chuang, about the middle of last Octo-
ber, the Rev. Dr. Henry D. Porter, long a mis-
sionary of the American Board tn North China,
Writes:

“On a Monday, about 8 o'clock, the villagers
saw the bandits coming, They came in with
banners flying and went straight to our little

chapel, which was soon despoiled of every-
thing valuable, They piled up stalks and de-
juged them with kerosene, but were held from
setting fire to tha chapel by the neighbors,
whose houses were so near, Thirteen houses
were entered and everything that could be
laid hold of was dragged into the street and
carried off. Scores of thieves had followed
the crowd and took what the bandits did not
want, There were two well-to-do families
among the victims. One of these lived next to
the leader of the thieves. A gon of the house
is one of the taachers in our boys’
achool and the family is very inter-
esting, The farm of 100 Chinese acres
was Jevastated and a pot full of silver which
had been concealed in the ground was stolen,
It contained $500 taels of silver (about $700)
and 100 strings of cash. When the pillagers
had gone and the family dared to crawl back to
ther despolled home, they found  a@rai

scattered all overthe premises, They succeeder
in scraping up some ten bags, which is all that
slefi ofthe winteraMuence, Their total loss
s about two thousand taels, T suppose

“The country about us isfulof rumors, It
will be many months, I fear, before there will be
Areal recovery from alarm and suspicton,
While we have reason to be very glad that so
few have had any idea of giving up their re-
ligion, we fear that such‘a serback will greatly
mit the proclamation ofthe Gospel”

Later reports received by the Loamtare to
the effect thet more than one hundred Roman
Catholle families In two districts were victims
of the “Boxers,” and that seventeen families of
the Ameriean board's mission have been ate
tacked, Assurances have been given by the
United States Consul at Tientsin that these
losses will be made good. but the terror of the
people is sald to be still great,

TO TAL HANGING,”

Arizonians Thonght the Sheriff's Invitations
Too Cheerful, 80 He Changed Them,

There is a right way and a wrong way of
doing everything—even of hanging a man in
Arizona; and the Sheriff of Navajo county has
learned what out there is believed to be the
right way after having gone about the busi-
ness wreng.

Farly in December he sent out this invitation
on black-edged paper :

“COME HASTE

 

Hovprook, Arizona, Dec, 1, 1809.

Mr.....

You are here
hanging of one

QROKGE SMILEY, MURDERER,

His soul will be swung into eternity om Dee, 4,
1809, at 2 o'clock P. M. sharp

Latest improved methods in the art of scien-
tide strangulation will be employed and every-
thing possible will be done to make the procecde
ings cheerful und the execution a success

F. J. Warrnoy, Shoriff of Navajo County,

 

y cordially invited to attend the

 

In spite of the hlack-edged paper, social
crities of Navajo county, Arizona, commented

on the tone of theinvitation as heing toocheere
ful. The Sheriff barkened to his mentors,
postponed the execution, and sent out this in-
vita'ion, also on black-edged paper.

THo.snook, Arizona, Jany. 1, 1900,

 

hereby tnvite you t) attend and witness the pri-
vate, decent and humane execution of a human
being: name, George Smiley; crime, murder
The said (George Smilev pill be executed on
January 8, 1900, at 2 o'clock P.M
You are expected to deport yourself tn a re-
apectful manner, and any “fAippant’’ or ‘‘un-
seemly” language or conduct on your part will
not be allowed, Conducton any one’s part bor-
dering on ribaldry and tending to mar the solem-
nity of the occasion will not be tolerated
F. J. Wattroy, Sheriff of Navajo County,
LS TT STS SS SS
Phe trouble ia due to the fact that the Penal
Code of Arizona requirea the Sheriff to iasue
invitations to an execution, but does not pre-
aeribe the form of those invitations, and that
the social code of the State is not explielt on
the point, Tt has been suggested that the Leg-
islature fix the form of the only invitation pre-
erih fHelally by the State, and so obviate
iny further contretemps such as befell the
Sheritfot Navajo.

    

“ARENA” CHANGES NANDS,

 

To Be a Political Magazine of Democratio
But Expausionist Leaninga,

It was announced yesterday that the Arena
Magazine had been purchased by a syndicate
of New Yorkers, and that, beginning with the
February number, it would be under the edif-
torial control of N.O. Fanning, whe since Jan-
nary, 2X08, has been Deputy Commissioner of
Correction. Tha names of the persons com-
posing the are not inale publie,
but it ig aald that several prominent Demo-
crats are [nteraste din the venture and that it
will bea thelr object to make the Arena a vehicle
for the distribution of Democratic principles of
the old-fashioned kind
The Arena was founded in Boston in 1889,
and at one time hada large eireulation., It be-
came practically a free s

sy licate

 

ver publication under
B. O, Flower, and when Mr, Flower gave up the
managementto John C. Ridpath, the historian,
{ta advocacy of the white metal Decame more
pronouneed, Asaresult,the magazine loat apart
of ite cirentation and becaine involved in finan
ool difficulties, (tis thetntention of the new
editor to open the Magazine to the discussion
of all political questions without bias, Tt was
enid yesterday, however, that the editorial
policy of the magazine would be expansioniat
gainat anti-expansion, During the Presi-
fential campaign mostoftheepacein the magas
zine will he devoted to the political canvass,

Tu addition to the publication of the Arena,
Mr woning will publish a quarterly whieh
willbe devoted entirely to the disenasion of
municipal afairs. The first number of thie
wilappearon AprillS’. The contributora to
this will be students of municipal affairs, off-
cials othe city government here and {n other
cities, and weneral notes on city government,
John Emery MelLeun willbe aseoclated with
Mr, Fanning in ths management of the new
Avena. The publication oflees have been ese
tablished inthe Lite Buil ting.

 

  
 

 

 

 

    

The . it was said jast night, would
have a deeilediy Demoeratic leaning, but it
will not bea party organ, Itis expected, how-

aver, that Co. W.J. Bryan, and other Demo-
erates of national importance, will be among its
contributors,

TRIBUTES TO DWIGHT MOODY,

Two Meetings Heldin New Huven—Students
Spenk of His Work.

New Haven, Jan. 14.—Nearly two hundred
Yale ctudents, many ofthem mambers of the
Mooly Summer Sehool Northfleld Maas.,
metat Dwight Hallon the campus this after
noon sndjoiunedin a memorial service to the
evangelist. Henry B. Wright, Genernl
Recretury of the Yale YY. M. G A,
presided, and more than a seore of young men

nt

dent!

wave three-minute aildresses on Moody's tite
endwork, They told of his personal magnetism,
his Jeadership among young men, and of his
characteristics wheeh most appealed tothem,

More than two thousand persons erawded
the Hyperion Pheatre this afternoon ata publie
Mowly memorial service, The oeal eleray,
several Yale professors and ofleers of the ¥ AT
C. A occupied seats on the stage, Tra D. Sankey
told of his first meeting with Moody and the

no which reanited, and gave many personal

 

 

reminiscences. ‘Prof. lisher of Yale College
dweltoa Moody's rare persistency of will power
and said that his pretominate virtne was his
unfailing common sense A dozen other

speakers made five-minute address:

Child of Four Burned to Death,
Greenwicn, Coon., l4.-Annina, the
four year-old danghter of Christian Christen.
son at Riversvile, Conn, wentineompany with
her brothers and sisters into some woods near

Jan,

   

her ome at oOo. yesterday. Her brother
Erneat set fire to some dry poison vines and
his jitte sister's dress was seton fire, Her

mother ran to her ald, but the child died of her
burns

For information regarding Florida’s great winter
resorts, apply to Travelers’ Information Vo,, 3 Park

N.Y, Ade,

|
|
|
|
|

THE SUN, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.

 

GEN, GEORGE t( SHARPE

Soldier, U.S. Marshal, Surveyor, Speaker,
Appraiser -Aged Nearly 72 Years.

Gen. George H. Sharpe died shortly after
midnight Saturday night at the home of his
son-in-law, the Hon. Ira Davenport, 31 East
Thirty-ninth street. His two sons and his
davahter were with him at the timeof his
death, They are Col, Henry G, Sharpe of the
Regular Army, who Is stationed at Washington:
Severyn B, Sharpe of Kingston, N. Y., formerly
County Judge of Ulater county, and Mrs.
Davenport. Gen. Sharpe had been ill forthe
past two montha, He underwent an operation
on Jan, 2 forstone in the bladder, and he was
unable to rally from the shock. The body will
be taken to Kingston for burial on Tuesday

Gen. George H, Sharpe retired less than &
year ago, when 71 years of age, from the last
ofr euccession of public offices which he had
held since his retirement from the army, with
which he fought all through the Cizil War. His
lust public place was in the Board of United
States General Appraisers, He was vorn on
Feb, 26, 1828, at Kingston, was graduated at

Rutgers in 1847 and studied law afterward at
Yule. He practised. alter his admission to the

DEAD.

bar until he entered the Army ol the Potomad |

asa Captain in the Twentieth New York In-
fantry in LSd1,
came Colonel of the 120th New York and he
was in all the battles of the Army of the Poto-
mac from Fredericksburg to Appomattox. He
Wasa member of the staff of Gens, Hooker,
Meade and Grant, and after Lee's surrender
Gen, Grant designated him toparole the Army
of Northern Virginia. He was brevetted Brik-
adier-General in 1864 and in 1885 Major-Gen-
eral,

Gen. Sharpe was United States Marshal for
the southern district of New York in 1870, and
took the census that established the election
frauda in this city in INUR, That census he
was obliged to take againat violent opposition,
and the result of his auecesaful work led to the
overthrow of Tweed. The excitement over it
was such that the President ordered the cen-

#us taken neain, the second enumeration cone |

firming Gen. Sharpe's work. ‘The Superin-
tendent of the census, Gen, Francia A Walker,
said that Gen, Sharpe's accomplishment was 4
masterpiece of executive function.

Gen, Bharpe was Surveyor of the Port for
five years subsequent to 1xv4 1
}S81L he waa Speaker ofthe New York Aseem-
bly, onsting the vote that led the break inthe
long deadlock in the Legislature in TMS] over
theeleotion of United States Senator, aaa res
eultof which Milier and Lapham were aent to
the Senate in place of Conkling and Patt, re-
signed, He was appointed head of tha coms
mission named under an act of Congresato
romore commercial
Tnited tates and the countries of Central and
South America, He ranked as Envoy hx-
traordinary and Minister jenipotenslarey Pres-
ident Cleveland coming intooffice afew months
svbsequently, Mr. Sharpe offered his resigna-
tion, which was accepted. In 1800 he was ap-
pointed one of the Board of Unite! States
reneral Appraisers, from which he reaigned fn
November, 1808, By request he held his resigs
nation back a few months, retiring finally on
March 1, last year, President McKinley tn ac-
cepting Gen, Sharpe's resignation wrote:
regret that you find your advanced
consistent with a continuance of public ser-
vice,’ and wished him heaith and prosperity.

_

 

LIEUT. SAMUEL HOWARD DEAD,

He Was the Pilot of the Monitor in the
Battle With the Merrimac,

Lieut. Samuel Howard, the pilot and last sur-
vivor of the crew of the Monitor when she
fought and defeated the Merrimac, died at his
home {n Washington yesterday morning aa the
result ofan accident which befell him lqst Tues-
day. Lieut. Howard had nearly completed his
seventy-eighth year and was quite feeble, On
Tuesday he went fora walk near his residences
2307 M.= street, northwest. While ascend-
ing the stensto the house on his return he
slipped and fell, etriking his head on the stone
step and was rendered unconsetous. An ex-
amination showed that he was suffering from
acute concussion of the brain, He did not re-
cover consciousness after the accident. The
funeral services will be hold on Tuesday next

and will be in charge of the Grand Army and
the Masonic bodies of Washington, Luter.
ment will be in the National Cemetery at
Arlington. Lieut. Howard leaves a daughter
and a granddaughter.

Ramuel sioward was born near Dublin, Tre-
land, and came tothe United States when still
underage. His parents settiol in Newport. R
I. and when a youth young Howard ran. away
from home and went tosea. He spent half a
century on the water, and during the Civil War
was in command ofthe gunboat Neosho, doing
patrol duty onthe Missixsipni River. He was
sentto Norfolk onthe Amanda and arrived at

the latter port just at the time Eriesson's
Monitor came down to battle with the Merrie
mac, The man engaged to. pilot the
Monitor through Hampton Roads deelined
the undertaking and Howard took — his
piace, Throughout the long flant

withthe Merrimae which followed, he was at
the wheel of the tittle Union vessel, standing
{naam ! square, ironscovered turret in the
bow, ! ibove and half below her deck
cumet..oughthat terrific engngement 7
outaeeratch, Afterthe war he was appo! ted
Lieutenant In the Kevenue Marine Servi. and
continued on that duty until about ten years
pao, When he waa retired. Before his retire.
nent he met and became the faat friend of
jeut. Jack of the Revenue Marine Ser ;
who was the plot ofthe Merrimac in her | ute
tle with the Monitor.

OBITUARY,

Peter Rutgers Kissam died yesterday at his
home, @ Spencer place. Broeklyn, from pneu-
monia after an iilnessof four days, His frat
cousin, Maria Louisa Kissam, married the late
William H, Vanderbilt. He was born in Sarn-
toga {on August, 1843, and for forty-three years
was connected with the National Bank
of Commerce, He was assistant cashier

of tthe bank when he retired last Sep-
tember, He was a member of the Union
Leacue Claubfof Brooklyn, the Aurora Grato,
the New York Historical Society, the American
Institute and the Bank Clerks’ Motual Benetit

Association and wasa Mason. His wife, who
Ww Angelina. B, Hill, danehter of the late
Thalma Hi), died three years ago, Two chil-

dren survive him, Prank Rutgers Kissam, pay-
Ing tellerofthe Bank of the Metropocs, and
Mrs. Cora K. Hannah, wife of the general m ine
aver ofthe Allen line of steamships in) Mon-

trea). The funeral will be held to-morrow at
the home of the family.
Medical Inspector Charles. A. Siegfrfed,
. 8S N., died in Newport, KR. .T, yesterday

of pneumonia, He was appointed in the naval
service from Pennsylvania in 1X72, and was
considered one of the ablest men in the made
ieal corps. He had had charge at the Naval
Training Station at Newport sines April, LMi'7,
Dr. John Cark Cleary died in Port Chester
yesterday from typhotd fever, He wasanat ve
of Clyde, N.Y. and hts body was taken there
last night, He came to Port Chester last yoar
and waa prominentin secret soc let ieaeapecially
tn the Red Men'sor‘er. He was 31 years old,

Charles Smith, Ir. divd at his home, 780
Park avenue, last night of heert disease aftera
short {liness. He was born tn this city Aug, 4,
1827. and was atroker in tropical fruits. Hes
widow and daughter are at present travelling
in Europe.

RK. V. Bonnell, 60 years old, a New York real
estate broker was found dead in. bed yester-
day morning At his home 210 South First aye.
nue, Mount Vernon, N.Y. Coroner Banning
decided that he died of haart disease,

Edward L, Keese, Collector of Taxes for the
town of Southampton, L died on Friday
nightafter a day's illmesa. A cold which he
éontracted Inst week was the cause of his death,

Mrs, Minturn Haedenhergh, the widow of J,
Rutzen Hardenbergh, died at New Brunawick,
\.J., yesterday. She leaves an adopted aon,

Mrs. Charles D. Robinson, wife of the Presi.
dentoft the Newhurgh Common Council, died
suddenly on Sunday morn ng

An Assemblymen’'s Gy mnasiam Class,

ALBANY, Jan. 14,—An Assemblymen's gym-
nasinim class isto be organized at the Central
Y.M.C. Av inthiseity, The class {a desired by
anumber of Assemblymen who are in the
hatit of taking physical exercise daily, As-
Edward T.. Fallows began the
movement and interested a number ot his fel-
jow Jegisiaters in it, Mr. Fallows is now
making the necessary arrangemente and has
nbout completed them, The membera of the
lower house wish to take their course of in-
struction in the mMorniig At. present there
are no morning e'asses in the Y, M,C A. gym-
nasium, but to accommodate the Assem|ly-
men, Physteal Director A. E. Garland will be
on hand to give instructions an hour each
morning.

sembiyman

3.000 Tons of Steel Rails for Port Arthur.

Nonvouk, Va., Jan. 14 —The British steamer
Howick Hall, Capt. Kilvert, aailed from Norfolk
to-day for Kobe and Yokohama, Japan, and
Port Arthur. She has on board 3,000 tons of
steel! rails forthe Russian Government. They
will be landed at Port Arthur, China. The
steamer took the rafle on at Baltimore, com-
pleted her cargo at Galveston, whence she
took much ecetten for Japanese mills and
touched here for bunker coals,

 

New Atlantic City Special Express, via Cen-
tral R, KR. of New Jersey,

Train of vestibuled coaches and parlor cara leaves
foot of Liberty St., at 3:40 PM, South Ferry, 8:25
P.M. Leaches Atlantic City at 6:45 POM. Train
from Atlantic City at 2:10 P. M., reaches New Yorw
at6:25P., Ticketa are good to stop over at Lake
wood.—4ddn

 

In the following gear he be- |

In 2R*O and |

relations between the |

earain- |

He |

A FREAK WHO DIDNTCHEAT

ACTUALLY SWALLOWED THE THINGS
ME PRETENDED TO,

 

Two Watch Chains, Two Latch Keys, Six
Hatrpins, 128 Ordinary Pins, Ten Big Iron
Nails, Pwo Horseshoe Nails and One
Ring Taken From Ilis Stomach,

John Sasel, 22 years old, has been earning
the wages he received as a freak io a Manhot-
tan museum, for ho artunlly awallowed chains,
keys, pails and ping for the auusement of the
Visitors, He was operated upon by Dr. Georgs
G. Hopkins tn St. John’s Hoapital in Brooklyn
on Saturday and Just night he was reportod to
be doing well, Dr. Hopkina would not promise
thathe would recover, but he was surprisod
that he was doing so well!
Basel arrived at the hospital tem days ago,
Hesatilhe had been awallowing all kinds of
articles and stopped doing avo only when he
began to suffer great pain inthe region of the
stomach Dr. Hopkina put him under an
| X-ray examination on Wednesday Jast ani lo-
| cated a foreign substance, Before resorting to

the knife he administered an emetic, It had
| no good result and then a a more powers
ful one was given, Dr. Hopkina and his
associates were astonished when Sasel threw
| Up astee) key chain. But thisdid not relieve

the young man of hia pain. More emetics were
j administered, Lut without effeer, ‘Then the
| Knile was reaorted to. The operation took
piace on Raturday afternoon. Dr. Hopkina
8 positive that he was thorough in his
work, In the stomach he found ant
recovered two watch chains, two lateh
kevs, six hairpins, 228 ordinary pins,
ten fron nails, 24 inchea long; two horseshoe

-*

 

   

nails and one ring with o small atone in the |

fettin, Sasel says he awallowad 320 pins,
Dr. Hopkins says he is positive that every

foreign substance was removed from Saaels |

stomach, ant that
they are joiged in the lower intestines
vy Ln all of my experience,” sald Dr. Hopkina,
T never saw or heard of sense equal tothts.”
Dr. lopkina sald be did not Know where
Base) lee
unable to work, and for that reason the young
man gotthejobinthe museum, Ho wasame
bithous to earn as much money as possible
‘Weare watching his symptoms,” Dr, Hop-

 

fthere are any more pins, |

He hasa fatherin poor health and |

Kinssacllastnight, “and he has greatly im- |

proved since Ravurday night. We will be better
fibletotellon Monday or Tuesday whetherhe
Will recover or not.”

| O?DONOVAN ROSSA SPFAKS UP,

Smite England With Dynamite.

Boston, Jan, 14.— O'Donovan Reasa, the
| well-known Irish agitator, thinks that the
Boers will be whipped by the british unless
something ta done by the enemies of England
| to create a diversion in another quarter of the
| Globe. He saya foreign interference or the
hostile action of the Irish would bring the
war toa speady end. He sayathat the time is
ripe for the Irish here and in she old country
to do something that will prevent England
from crushing the Boers He advocates
another Fenian war and the use of dynamite,
asserting that ft was these two things that
paused the paseage of Gladstone's Home Rule
“You think thbre should be an immediate
action by the people and with dynamite, too?”
he was asked,

Certainly, The timetaripe, Tam ashamed
of the Irish,’ Mr. Rossa said impetaously, “For
yeers they have been preaching and saying
everywhere that ‘England's extremity is fre-
land's opportunity.’ Yet they have done noth-

| ing Here ia the chance they have been praving
for all the!r lives, and they are not taxing ad-
vantage of it

‘Yet they may be doing more than I know.

Tam notin the thick of the fights us T used to
be, There ianotaday that Iam not mot by
men wanting some information regarding a
chance for South Africa, There are thousands
in lreiand waiting fora chance totightin South
Africa forthe Boers. Only last week a young
man cine alithe way across with the aingle
hope of getting some means here of getting to
the Transveal.”

 

FAITH CURE FOR CRUSHED FOOT,

 

Christian Science Devotee Refused at Firat
to Have a Surgeon Attend Her.

Boston, Jan, 14.—After having her left foot
terribly crushed by a car wheel at the South
station Iast night Mra. W. D. Carleton of
Piymouth, Mass,, refused to allow an abulance
|
\
|

 

surgeon toattend herand demanded that she
be taken to some place where she could be
cured by faith, as expounded by the Christian
Scientists. Her friends atthe house where she
wae taken understood her serious condition

and mace hor go to the City Hospital, where
'

the foot was amputated at the ankle
Mrs, Carieton attended a lecture on Chris-
tan Scioneeat Tremont Temple vesterda

 

als

ternoon and went to the station totake the 8
oe ovk train for Pivmouth, She boarded what
she thought was the rightone, but when the |

|
| train was hall way out of the shed, found she
} was mistaken and Jumped off. She was
| oragged along by thetrain and her foot baiy
injured by the car wheel, An emergency hos-
| pita: ainbulance Was sent for, but she refused
the to touch her except to
up the foot, She demanded
he bo taken to rhe home of Mrs. Goodal
} at Massachusetts avenue, who had deliv-
| er the leeta

fo alow
bind

surgeon
wounded

 

 

 

* in the afternoon, to be cured

by faith, and this was done,

Ov reaching Mrs. Gooda.l’s house, the latter |

sal ithat she could do nothing for a person sufle
fering from such an accident and
Mrs, Careton’s consent tosend her to the hos-
pital
performed.

 

FUGITIVE HID IN A POLICE STATION,

While the Coppers Were After Him He Was |

in the Tramps’ Ledging Room,

| atrike on the Hotel Gerlach against paper-

  
  
 

 

W. & 4. Sloai

Having taken inventory of their stock
on January Ist, will offer for the balance of
the month af greatly reduced prices, last
season’s line of
WILTON VELVET,

SAVONNERIE,

AXMINSTER and
MOQUETTE CARPETINGS.

These patterns will not be renewed.

Broadway § ith Screet:

 

 

   
 

 
 
   
   
     
 
    

Tote:
es

ae. J

  

"pla ee oka ula eels ule) rasa FEET Cl A
THE Ge7 CHE CHL iG CABINET

GLOR gh

A SYSTEM OF UNITS. |

Expanding with your Business—-
by a perfect system.

(GLOBE Disks lobe-Wernicke

| ARE THE
BEST DESKS. waprantsts CQ,
Wek ig fis mee ay

 
 
     
 

     
    
 

   

     

     
 

Art Sales and Exhibitions.

Fifth Avenue Auction Rooms,

258 Fifth Avenue,
WM. BB. NORMAN, Auctioneer,
ON EXHIBITION DAV & EVE,
A NOTABLE SALE BY AUCTION
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE
OF A
Choice Collection of Highly Valuable

OIL PAINTINGS,

\mertcan Artiste,

 

DE GREEPS FRANKNESS HURT HIM, !

His Anti-Strike Talk Turned Votes from |
Him in the C.F, U. |

A delegate, who said things that his unton
fellows didn’t like to hearcame to griefatthe
meeting of the Central Federated Union ses-
terday, He was Thomas De Greef of the New
York City Carpenters Union, and his speech
helped to cause his defeat as eandidate for |
electionas Vicw- President of the ©. F, U, |

“I’m tired of sympathetic strikes,” he sald. |
“T believe that as soon as the wages of the |
workers stop through strikes the salaries of |

|
|
|

By Poretgn nod
the walking delegates should be stopped and

; BELONGING TO
remain stoppo! until the 6trike is over’ Mr, GEOKGE BF. TE WKSBURY
neh ori { AND
A loud whistle of surprise greeted this Mrs. HEN PURTON,
declaration, There were several walking (elo. INCLUDING

gates present. One of them asked if De Gre f
wee pot a candidate for @ Walking dolegate-
shipin his union,

“Dam,” said De Greef; “what of {t? Ifto-
morrow the Board of Walking Delegates and
the Building Trades Connell were to agree on
a strike they Woul) say ‘that crazy Frenchman
De Greef will want to know the reason.’

When the election came around De Gree! got
2% votea for Vice-President while his opponent,
Charias Wilson, received (0. De Greef said
that he expected it, Albert the

Several Examples by the late Geo. inness,
A Grard Conception by Eugene Isabey,

ACharming Piot, An Iniportant Escosura.
TOGRTHER WITH

| A Large Namber of Attractive Productions
by the following distinguished Masterss

J. L, Gerome Georges Michel,

Gustave Courbet Henry Learolle,

J.A. Gudin, J.C, Cazin,

Anton Bratth Cesare Datti,

Maronack o fm le Mumer, eon it het,

: . Th: ted President. N Dia tosa Bonheur,

Cigarmakers’ Union was elected l’residen at ead Ab Hibaa: Porte tiwteee

Sir Peter Lely, David Johoson,

Thomas Gainsborough, Tambourtnat,

Sir David Wilkie Antoine Oovpel,

Sir Joshua Reynolds, JW, Pragonard,

George Moriand, He Smith,

Paul Groleron, J, Porttelje,

| Francis Murphy.
And a number of Flae Eciané Portraite,
In all about. 250 Examples of Great Excellence,

EVENING» OF SALE
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY and FRIDAY,

Jan. 17th, 14th and ivth, AL FIGHT O'CLOOK,

LEVT A LETTER TO A MARRIED MAN,

 

ocToPUS, |

A LABOR

Amalgamated Painters Charged With Try-
ing to Abaorb Other Trades,

The Amalgamated Society of Painters was
charged, at the meeting of the Central Fed-
erated Union yesterday,with gobbling up other |
trades, and being, in fact, a sort of Inbor trust,
The charges were made by James P Archibald |
of the Paperhangers’ Union, The painters’
organization had wreeked one union of paper. |
hangers already, ha said, and now that anothor
was formed, was trying to wreck it, too,

“The Paperhangers’ Union had been tn ex.

istence for twenty-s!x years,” said Archibald,
“and itamembers earned higher Wages than
were earned inany other builiing trade, but
the paluters wanted to get the work and didit
for painters’ wages until our union was ite.
stroyed, They have nowenused a sym pathetio

 

 

Woman Suicide Asks Thomas Walsh te
Give Her Bird to His Wife.

Cora Corrson, 25 years old, who had a fare
nished room at 301 Livingston atreet, Brooke
lyn, committed suicide by taking carbolic acld
in a back roor of the saloon at 227 Livingston
street eary yesterd iy morning, She was
known to the police as the “Swede” and had
been a frequenter of the saloous in the lower
part of the borongh for several months. In

hangers.” ;
The. F. U, appointed a committee to inves-

tigate ioe charges Com ns were oh her room was a letter from her sister Ida
; mace that the Amalgamated Painters’ Soctety | paggin er to return to he
was doing work whieh should be done by elec. | begging ber 1 a ¥ D I a home mi we

Noaliy got |
bh a carriage where the operation was |

Traction Company painted on the sides, have

|

Paterson, N. J., Jan, 14.—Heaory Nolan, alias ;
Adley, aman of lefeure, was looking for shel- |

terto-night, He arrived at the Reseue Mission
just after it had heen closed Peeouing
eoraged at the thought that he should be
barred out, he finng # stone through a win
dow. The watchman sent in a@ eall for the
lies, It was necessary to act quickly, and
un did so, Ile sprinted to Poe Head-
quarters, passing the offlcors sent out ina pa-
trol wagon to arrest the window smasher. At
Headquarters he gave his name as James Ad-
ley, and his occupation as aman in hard Juek,
and wot the pluce’' in the lodging room that he
requested, His pursuers returoed disgruntled,
reporting that Henry Nolan, who broke the
window, had eseaped Afterward Peserve
OMecer Perry chanced to visit the lodging
room, He recognized Nolan, wlio was sleeping
as well as the proverbial juat, When awik-
ened the lodger said that sometimes hea was
called Nolan, and probably he had broken
some ginse, But was that a sufficient reason
to intrude on @ wentleman’s rest, he eked,
emiiingly, ag he wastransferred to acell?

 

Waste-Paper Fire Scares Hotel Boarders,

A pile of waste paper in acloseton the second
floor of Virginia Hotel at Broadway and Fifty-
eighth street was discovered to be on fro early
yesterday morning, and the boarders were
warned to be ready to get out fi the flames
epread, A fow rushed down stairs tn their
night clothes, but most of them took the warn.
ing quietly, The firemen turned in a eeeond
alarm, but they had no difflenjty in extinguish.
ing the fire, It did less than $1,000 damage

$5 a Month

for
Telephone Service
in Manhattan.

Two-party line. Annual contract.

Telephone service puts the whole
organization of a great city at
your fingers’ ends, day and night,

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY,
11° West Skth Bt. v2 Broadwa 1° Dey Bt

 

‘Begin at Breaktast

Saratoga
Arondack Wator <*

It will it yo for the day's duties, Drink &
a ginae before retiring and losure perfect

mh
se
i,

 

 

 

rest, This great nerve tonic comes to New

York, fresh every day, right from the spring

at Rarato jer of grocers, druggiste, or
The Arendaock Spring, 1362 Broadwaye

|

trical workers and plumbers,

was this letter addressed to Thomas Walsh of
Warren street
“Whatlam dying at

Iron Firm Agrees to a Nine-Hour Day.

rhe present time it ts all

 

      

 

  

ithe loveot vou ws t '
The International Machinists’ Union re- | for " ine at " Wit " Hh bg oat
, We GOTO ar hat doe » pet? nt,
ported yesterday that the Quintard Iron Works | ‘Tommy, vou know that Lalways loved you,
had agreed to the nine-hour day, to go into | Peasedomeatavor by telling wholam, My
effect to-day at ita works in Twelfth street, | name is Cora Corr 404 Walnut street,
nearthe East River. The trades benefited by | Lebanon, Pa. But, Tommy, please go te
this arethe machinists, pattern makers, house. ; Livingston street, Drookivn, and taker
smiths and tron molders, Diek, bevwise Fknow that your wife on War
‘ : a | street will be gad to bave it; but, love, ft is al
. 4 lense ‘ , te F re
Not to Use Cars With Inclosed Platforms, | fOr YoU. Ane please tell my sister Lda where my
Aj trunk is: You know, dear, the last words, that
Twenty trolley cars with front and rear plate | ie wh it you said about Reilly, is untrag, That
t v dyin rd 10d by. fo ’
forms inclosed, and withthe name Bine ve sme dying words, Good by vy AY
aie Nek River | rye police found Walsh, who sal he knew

nothing about the girl, but that she was des-
perately in ove with bim. The body was takca

been standing on a siding adjoining the Ulmer |
| tothe morgue

Park ear she la ofthe Brooklyn Rapti! Transit
Company for over a week, This hos given
risetonrumorthatthe Brooklyn company was

Miss McManus Tries Suicide and Doesn't

 

  

 

 

  

 

BOINg to eXperinent with this styeo! cars on Like It.
te lines, The cars ara, some ofa lot : . re
ald some time ago, ar company that Because somebody stole $18 of her savings
bn tant thie wan ' ba them m nt hy and ale oan Saturd rht, Moggie MeManus, aged 20,
ere here we rookivn Vipul runsit , ‘io F wn le
oMoeim’s sav they lace ne ontention of equfly of 15% E hth avenw Newark, eould not
ping theirears with inclosures to protect tna , flech. and at 2330 vesterday morning she took
Motermen an lconductors fromthe, cold agit | a backage of Paris gre i nakitehen closet
, Would be dangerous to pecestrians J antswathoweda quantity of it, She did not
' t ot t had and wiking
Dollir Dinner Again Postponed, ' t n what she had dona,
ee = v ! fehe woe whiske
The Workingmen's Jeffersonian Dollar Dinner ‘ i r \ auch ¢ a es
Committee, Which wos reorganized in order to , ed that she wis sent baek home in
’ r t thin fer 1 She
give a Lincoln's Birthday dinner this year, h +: fe know t Sie aii /: oh ane
r - “i shift ‘ v . riddle aa Aanve
another meeting Inst night at 45 University | thing vils rshe would not have tried it.

 

|

— ayor samuel Jones of Toledo, and |
ohn P. Altgeld bad aceepted invitations to

attend the dinner bat could notatten ton Fab, \esoriation,

  

|
| Colored Barbers borm an
|

 
 

 

 
  
 

oe the F = nish te nee ha ‘ ne Bl. Representatives (rom the leading negro bate
roned, t rote yostpone e dinner so se Siria ait ner suterday
again tosuchaday as will be convenient for t .eD : ay i YORterCay afternooa
them to attend, a sub-committee toconfer with i at 104 West Thirty-second street and formed
the speakers inthe meantime, » Whatistobe Known as the Colored Barbers’
cs } Benefoial Ass ton of Greater New Yors
nH \

ie ve Oar . . * feso'utions were adopted setting a untform

Hackmen'’s Union's 25 vom Fare Scheme. time for the ening and closing of the shops,
The Pobllie Hackmen's Union held a meeting
last night at Lexington avenue and Thirty. Walter Found Dead at Steve Brodic's,
|

second streat, and elveted officers. Joseph it

Thompson was elected President, John Barry, | Bowery, ar '
Viee-Pregident; Bartley Hart, Secretary, and | 114 Browery, was ‘ t dead at the
Joseph Weekly, Treasurer, Final action onthe | litter’s place y iftert He had
proposition toask the Boart of Aldermen to | gone to bed drunk the night before it waa aaid,

pass acity ordinance lowering the maxi: —
Modern Plumbing.

rate of farea to 24 cents an hourand abo ishing
LAVATORY DE LUXE,

Joseph Conley,

awaiter who worked at 149

ived at Steve Brodie’s plage at
! nt

 

" ater |
’

 

the licenses for public stands was deferred to
the next meeting.

City Club to Discuss Charter Revision,
The City Clnb will give a dinner on Friday

evening, to be followed by a discussion on" The

 

Reviaion of the New York City Charter,.”” Invi-
tations have heen sent to all of the members
of the Charter Commission of 186, the
borough Presidents and members of the State
Senate an? Assembly. It ia expectal that
among the speakers willbe Prealdent Wheeler
H. Peckham, Jotn F
Edward M. Shepard,
Frank Moss,

Dillion, Simon
George

Sterne,

Cromwell and

Pilots Want to Abolish State Boards of Fa-
aminers,

At the request of Jamos Koyos, delegate of
the United States Licensed Masters and Vilote’
Association, the Central Federate! Union yes
terday indo rsed the bill now before Congrosa
abolishing State Loardsof examiners for mas.
tera and pilots of vessele, The bt!) prove
that the examinations be vested inthe |
States Steamboat Inspectors,

viel
nited

Wouldn't Wear Clothes in Jail
Frank O'Neil), a truckiman of 335 Weat Twen-
tv-first street, was locked up inthe Jefferson
Market prison on Saturday at the request of

his wife, who complained that he had been an-
noving people, In his

 

coll (VY Neal beeame vei '
lently insane and tore every shred of clothing
Of his body. Magistrate Hogan vesterday corn -
p itted him to Bellevue ILospital for examina. |
ior Mic

Knocked Out In a Bowery Fight. |

All those who have seen our latest
sign in lavatories, as shown above,

 

have become enthusiastic admirers.

Jolin Shibe!l, a middeweieht pugilist known We invite an in

spection at our Show

as “Chests,” who lives at 42 East Ninth } I

street, was hell veaterday to awalt examina. | OUM>.

tion on A charge of asgauiting Abraham Kauf-

man of 10 St. Mark's pince on the uo at 2 T M lit h OR §
Senn or Ot 0 het me the aware he HE ‘ 4 JT non W K ’

Singer named Vora Latell and Kauiman. re-
ceived # biow on the nose that knocked him
a Lie was unable to appear in court yestere

84-90 Beekman St,,
Established 1828, 103 Fifth Att,