TO NEW PASTORS

PRESBYTERIAN
PURVES,

GREELING

mH
vir KOR DR,

cucrRen PULL

abeock at the Brick Chureh—Both of

wb
a t Right In Raising Money for

Them star

 

A CHRISTIAN DETECTIVE.

Hall of Baltimore Keeps on Arresting
Crooks and Pries to Convert Them,

Detective Todd B. Hall, who has been for

| more than twenty-five years in the Detective

| MAN,

Amiliated Institations $17,000 Wanted
fn One Cases 912,000 in the Other,
There was a very large attendance at the
Fitth Avenue Presbyterian Church yesterday
when the hey Dr. George T. Purves oecupled
the pulpit ¢ the first time since he was
electad pas! Dr. Purves announced that on |
next Sunday 4 collection would be taken up to
defray the annu slexpenses of the missions in
this borough cor uected with the church, He
said the mount re juired was $17,081, and he
hoped that + would be contributed,

The existences of these missionary chapels
giaddens m) heart, and shows how great isthe |
work be! is,” heecontioued, “Ishall hope
sy future to see this church fully sustain the
> which inthe past it has 60 successfully
carried out, and make these chapela a power
tor Cliris ! righteousness in this city,

oy ow. my dear friends, inasmuch as [ appear
before yo ulfor the first time since. you have in-
yited me to ba your pastor, I desire to return

toyoutmy most sincere greeting. The cordial
ry with whieh you have called me to

 

 

ani
7 ¢ post gives me a deep sense of my reapon-
gipility, bur ot the same time it encourages me
to believe that we shall beable to go forward in
the name of Jesus Christ together with love
andpower It will be some months before I
shal be alle to preach regularly in this place,
yytin the toeantime Tdo most earnestly ask

that the people will give me their prayers that
ve spiritually qualified for the work

may
te » pe, and that the Spirit of love, unity
and prowess may abide in all His power upon
your hearts and mine, This is the qondition of
oypsuceess and our hope forthe future, My
friends (f we abide fo Christ and abide in
prayers ch Christ, we may be sure that His
blessing Wil] come upon us. May the mercies

of Gol be Youchsafed to this church and may
f God be given tohim who has been

the gra
called gon to serve you, in order that together
we may be able to du His will with power,”

Pho pew pastor preached asermon without
‘from the text: ‘Jesus Christ, the

name terday, to-day and forever'’~He-
br ws \ ad

“Ir is appropriate.” he sald, “that our
thoug)'s this morning should turn to the
elosing year of the century a century the most
remarkat in the history of mankind. We

‘ , new world of thought, as well as ina
new © f mechanical! inventions and busi-

asepterprises, You have only to think of

eo g@eantic stragg'e of the nations for dom-
ai on in the Eaat as well as in the West to sea
{this assertion and to realize that
we have been passing, and are still passing, the
eatest crisis in the history of mankind, And

| those mighty events there is the ring of
xt, tersely summarized, Jesus Christ, the
same forever, Every one, sceptic as well as
e lever, admits now that the birth of Jesus
Christ Was the greatest epoch in the history of
inkind
Chrst did not become man for merely thirty-
e years of existance on earth, He became
1 for all time. He remained on earth as
g as necessary to emphasize His divinity.
In Heaven He now emphasizes His manhood,
God put in the aky an eternal sunlight of hope
to mankind when He put on the throne of
Heaven Jesus Christ our God man, When itis
said that Jesus Christ is the same forever, we
reminded of the permanency of our re-

t
¥ Dr. Malthie D. Babeoek, who aue-
ceeds the Rev, Dr. Henry Van Dyke as the
vr of the Brick Presbyterian Church, pre
sided over the services there for the first time
yesterday. His formal installation as pastor
will pot take place until the Rey. Dr, Van
Dyke, who ia ill, recovers sufficiently to
take part in the ceremonies, Dr. Baheock
did not preach a sermon yesterday, It was the
day appointed for the collection for the two
Shurehes which are associated with the Brick
Church, The pastors of those churches, the
Church of the Covenant in Fast Forty-second
street and Christ Presbyterian Churchin West
Thirty-ffth street, were introduced to the con-
gregation by the new pastor, who proved him-
self at least to be a powerful exhorter to alms-
giving. ;
“Woe have prayed this morning,” sald Dr.
Babcock, coming forward to address his new
congregation for the frst time, ‘Thy king-
dom come.’ Why. was it not ‘Thy Church
come?” Beeause tthe Church is the kingdom,
The Church isthe tody of Christ-the hands,
feet and heart to bring the kingdom to Chriat,
Whatever you are going todo for Jesus you
met doit forthe world The Church isthe
flower of the kingdom, It isto go out into the
world for Christ, to lay down life itself if need
be Itis going to be quite impossible forthe
Prick Chureh todo its full duty to Christ at
Fifth avenue and Thirty-fifth street.”
Dr. Babeoek then introduced the pastors of
the affliated churches, the Rev. George &,
Webster and the Rev. Richard R. Wightman
The Rev. Mr. Webster told of the history of the
Church of the Covenant, and said that though
the congregation strove tothe utmost to maka
the church self-supporting, not one-fourth of
the money needed could be rafsed within the
chureh, and this notwithstanding the Protest.
ant Ep scopal institutional mission of St. Kar.
tholomew’'s, a few doors away, relieved them of
the necessity of providing forthe secular ene
tertainment and instruction of the congrega-

 

na

 

nr

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Tr Mr. Wightman reported that Christ
Prestvterian Churel was where it bad always
been, but that Tivolis and tenements were go-
fog upallaboutit. The Tivolias, hea said, were
notas dangerous to the welfare of the church
as they might seem, Mr. Wightman
tollof his diffleulty in making Christianity
real tomen and women who were confined in
e}ose factories, and compared these diMeultios
with the comparative ease with which he
reached the men who worked high upin the
fresh vir putting up some new buildings in the
neighborhood, though he admitted that the
building was probably going up to no good
purpose

“It «qnite impossible to reach our people
with ('/ustrations from nature,” he said. “They
know thing of nature. And not even the
fewthings that do come within their experi-

ence are always wisely interpreted, One night
net iong awotwo mice ran about the platform
while J wastalking. Afterthe service my see-

tuptooneofthemen who seemed
unusually happy frame of mind and
asked him why he was so cheerful

retary wen
ta ¥

  

 

 

Oh said he, ‘them two running arouna
the platform made me understand a lot better
thesermon the pastor preached this morning
a! the poor woman who put the two mice
inthe box." a he congregation received this

iudible joy

vy admin stration of the echureh Mr
. 1 said: “Weare ao much in earnest
in lesire to put ourselves in closest har-
m with the now pastor that we have even
put on Raheock fre extinguishers.” The con-
er i tauched again,

] istor's eurnestness, however, was
ao He made a. direct energetic ap-
pea forthe money the churches needed. He
Asked the people to give for their own sakes,
forlr Van Dyke's sake, forthe sake of the
Chirchesand forthe good of Christ's kingdom,
yr pmeoutof this.” he said, “It is only a
alr fealto make this agraat offering as a tes-

! vip@ratitu le for the blessings that

 

ul
cunt of the offertory was not made
tit was understood to have reached
othe churches needed,
v Dr, Babcock is aclean-cut, younr-
in, He talks In short sentences,
< when he bas made bia thought
ent before be completes a aentence,
nrence go and starts with his next
r ied evervone under the

 

   

) irch without the slightest diffl-
eult \ stood in fromtofthe pulpit: mak-
Ing ‘1 ‘intanes of the members of his

crogation after the service, he had the
4 famanofeonsiderable physical strength,
I forthe present, willeometo this
et von Sundays, or on special oerasions

+ ence here may be necessary;
rek he willremain with his fam-

PR RUNSPORD AT THE GC Fy

uv.

A Course of Lectures to Workingmen Com-
ing at St, George's Church,

Rev Dr Wo 8. Rainsford, rector of St.
George's Fprseopal Church, who is tobe the
MON sf ron the monthly lecture pro
Gri the Central Federal Union, made

» unexpectedly atthe meeting of
-terday, Moses Da Costa said that
t ‘ rf wanted tospeak tothe CL FLU.

 

aba rsa oof lectures to workingmen
’ ! Was proposed to give at St, George's
Chu Dr Rainsford said that the subjects
ort es wonld not be politieal, They
v t cots connected with labor,

Th Possible way for any body of citl-
tenet veoany reform,” he said, “Is to
¥ horet the attention and intelligent cob pera.
nibh a r bodies inthe community. Much

th ‘

f labor struggles io the past
; ! to any injustice 'n the cause

I - x or lack of abilitv on the

‘. having charge of such move-
She arth. ro therr failure to get the
: isses, You cannot achieve
bor } Oy trovement without a lacke pros
rl Aas vinpathy of other people, In
Seine: 'the Christian Church a large
ins Hien are not only willing but

¥ BUDS

tt you ifthey only kuew the

seinen tiated tala eaceaiaatanegsaiiliaaa ae TT

Bureau of the Baltimore polive forea, spoke
yesterday to an audisnee of men at the West
Side branch of the Y. M,C. A., giving some of
his personal experiences. Mr, Hail ts of the
type of a few of the older Central OMee men of
this city, in appearance; strong-built. shrewd-
looking, with a keen eye and a general air of
resource and velf-rellince, He speaks forcibly
and direetly, He said in part:

“There's lots of old fogies in the Chareh who |

ean't believe that @ man ean be a Christian

and a detective too, and soma of them have |

been so worried about it that they've come
down tothe office to make inquiries. Tcame
to be turned this way. T went into a meeting

| arrives

of two or three thousand people looking for a |

The doorkeeper L knew, He used to
keep a saloon, and we used to have whiskey
drinking bouts. And there he was at the door
ot a Gospel meeting. He asked me
until the service Was Over, ko Gs not to makea
disturbanee. They took me down into the
front seats, and T found myself among a lot of
akin-game gamblers, three-card monte men
and general crooks, and IT feit pretty much at
home, [heard some pretty good singing, and

to walt |

then Dwight J.. Moody, who was conducting |

the services, asked forall those who put their
belief into practice to atand up. All those old
crooks stood up, and | said: “Good Gractous!
This is the millennium, and I'm inon it!”
“Well, they got hold o' me after the meeting
and asked ine if it waan't worth while to bee
come a Christian, My first thought was that
I couldn't be a detective and an active Chris.
tian, too. T had a good position, saw lo's of
the world, got a good saary and the devil
prompted me notto give itup; but [decided I
was aman and Pdoas thought right. | went
tight back to the office and told thechia and
half a dozen of the boys who werethere, I
told ’em—and I didn't need to tell ’em—that Pd
leda pretty tough life. [told ’em, too, that
was sick of itand through withitan' Pd quit
and gone on the other side, Well, Um stilla
detective there, A shorttime afterward I was
putona blackmail case and got the man by
a letter, Well, T guess the boys thought maybe
IT wasn't much good. Tcollared my man, thoneh,
and when he tried to pull a gun T hit him
under the chin and that was all there was to it,

Well, he begged me not to make a charge
against him of resisting an offleer and told
him I wouldn't and then I talked to him of

Ha te There's a mighty good chance for 4
policefhan, for when he gets a man that man
is down and he needs help and eomfort I've
had plenty of chances to talk to arrested men
andinsome cases those men have cha d
their manner of life because they were ¢
at the right time,”

Detective Hall told of other incidents in his
life asa detective, There was singing by the
Tennessee Male Quartette, colored

FARLY SERVICES FOR PROTESTANTS,

 

A New Departure at the Central Preshbyte-
rian Chareh.

Some time near the end of last year, the Rev
Dr. Wilton Merle Smith, pastor of the Central
Presbyterian Church in West Fifty-seventh
street, in talking with his ass stant, the Rev,
Walter Lowrie, expressed regret that few
Protestant churches held early morning ser-
vices like carly massin the Catholie Church,
Servants who were Protestants, he said,
were unable to attend the regular morning
services and he could not see why the Protes-
tant servants should not have as good oppor-
tunity to worship as the Roman Catholics have,
Mr. Lowrie said that he was willingto hold
such services, and it was agreed to try them

 

 

 

at o'clock each Sunday morning. The first
service was set for Sundas, Jan, 7, and a notice
was sent out of which the following is 4 part

“There will be held hereafter an early morne

 

 

ing service in the parlors of the church, ne
sisting © special pravers, Scripture reading
anda briefatdress, The services is designed
for all who love an early service and for those
whose household res mouke such @ services
more convenient. Noeollection will be taken
and everyone ill be ma la eanecially welcome
° * Noone will be more welcome than the

  

Proteatant girls who are engaged in household
york.”

The first service was atten led by six women
andone man. Yesterday morning there were

 

sixteen women and three men present. The
services were opened by singing Mi
Lowrie read a psalm. after which the Lord's

Praver was reneated in eoneert. This was fol-
lowed by a praver by Mr. Lowrie, who then
spoke for about fifteen minutes Another
hymn was sung and then the benediction was
pronounced here was no piano and the
singing wos rather weak aa the smal! congre-
gation seemed to hesitate about singing with-
out some instrument to lead them

“Tan greatly encouraged over the increased
attendance this morning’ said Mr, Lowrie,
later. “and I am positive that the meetings
will grow in size when the news gets around
that such services are being held. Fam certain
that outside of the servants, there are mony
members of the chureh who will ‘ike early
services and to these alao the meet ngs will
appeal. [think that they have already passed
beyond the stage o! belng an experiment,

 

 

A PASTOR'S GOL! ESN JUBILEFR,

Fiftieth Anniversary of the Rev. Dr, Van
Cleet's Ministry in Jersey City,

The celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of
the Rey, Dr. Paul B. Van C ce 's pastorate of
the Wayne Street Reformed Chureh, Jersey
City, was begun yesterday. The Rev. Dr Cor-

 

 

* was arrested

THE SUN, MONDAY. JANUARY 15, 1900.
FUSS OVER BRYAN DINNER. |

 

7WwO OF HON, JOUNS

10 PRESIDE,

y a BL
PACH,

WANT,

At the Club, Says Keller-At the Savoy,
Says Carroll The Hon, John Whalen
too Busy Honting for Mr. Coler's
Scalp to Participate in This Squabble,

Every time the New York Democrats pro-
to get up any sort of a feed for Col,
William Jennings Bryan there aro either un-
pleasant feelings or an open rupture, Just
abouta year ago there was a high old time
overdollar and ten dollar dinners, A cloud
has over the horizon of
the Club concerning = propo-
sal4 of hospitality to Bryan when he
in New York Jan. 22.

O.H. P. Belinont is to give him a dinner and
out of that it 1a expected material results are
tovcome. THe SUN has already announced that

Co! Brvan’s friends are to take steps While he
is here toassure hii that the necessary cash
fora pational eanmaign is te be forthcoming,

pose

just appeared

Demorratic

on

  

NTitherto, since the departare of Mr Croker,
the three Hon, Johns of the Demoeratic Cub
have dwelt together in harmony It ts truco

 

that they have bad the clubhouse to them.
selves mostof the time and that Andy Preed-
man has bestowed upon them only oceasional
warning nods and hints to mind their P's and
ts Yesterday, however, the friends of the
Hon. John W
be entertained in New York by any authori.
tative body of Demoerats it should be the
Demoeratic Club, of whieh the Hon, John W. K.
is president, Mr, Keller's friends pointed out
that be wasa “handy man with bis mouth,”
and that not even the Boy Orator of the Platte
grown frightfully fat since that soubriquet
was tucked te him) eould beat him asa speech-
maker. Sothese Democrats insisted that the
dinner to Bryan should be given by the club”
an! that the Hon. John W. Ko shontd preside
Up spoke the friends of the Hon. John BF,
Carroll, bead of Tammany Hallin Me. Croker’s
absence, aud ipsaisted that the dinner to Bryan
should be held at the Savoy and that: Mr. Cars
roll, as Tammany’ s chief representative, should
prea de. Nothing datinite was decided, There
Promisas to be the usual wean over this feed
to Mr Bryan, whoought tot ‘ustoinedtoa
fuss every time he enters what he so aptly
deserited in IS as "the enemy's countey.”

 

 

 

le

  

  
  

 

       

  

Wien Mr. Croker is away the “boys will
play A fines cirens broke out in his
absenee in IST. when John © Sheehan wanted
to nominate Charles W, Dayton tor Mayor, Mr
Croker hurried home and thrashed around @
birand then nominated Mr. Van Wyek,. Since
Mr, Croker's departure this time all three of
the Honorable Johns have let things loose,
The Hon. doln Whalen will) have the sealp of
Comptroller Color, ifitean be whisked off, and
now the Hon. Joho WOK. and Hon. John. ¢
an?! their friends propose to have a dandy
shindyoveramouthfalortwo of soup and @
bite in honor of the Nebraskan,

POLICE SAY SHI 'S LADY LANSMERE,”

Jane Doe Held for Triat on a Charge of
shoplifting.

A woman, apparently about 50 years old. who
was dressed in furs and sik, and heavily veiled,
on Saturday at a Sixthavenue dee
partment store and char ed with shoplifting.
Mary Quigg, & store detective, sail she diad
seen the woman take a waist, three pairs

 

‘ie
SiR

ff gloves, a handkerchief and some laces,
and walk out of the estore with them,
The woman was very angry at her arrest.

She told Mi s Quigg that her name was Lans-
mere, that she had an accou t with the store,

 
  

  

 

   
   

 

 

 
   

OF Gor)

It Is to Advance tn Civilization, According
to Dr, M, d. Savage.

The Rev. Dr. Minot J, Savage preached yes-
terday at the Church of the Messiah on “What
Is the Use of Going to Church?” He said in
part:

“It has been assumed that people do not go
to chureh so mueh as they used to, Tam not
sure that this is true, So far as my expe-
rience extends it is not true, Jesus Himeelf
organized no church, So far as we know He

 

THE U!

/ said nothing about having one organized; He

left rules for its government; He said

no

| nothing as to what its officers or methods of

he Jor insisted that if Bryan is to |

admivistration should be; He did not, I think,
have any idea of a chureh which should be in
oxisteuca two thousand years after His day,
with its sacraments, its creeds, its magnifleent
clauns, If Jesus be correctly reported, there is
no one thing whieh He taught with more
omphasis, with more clearness, than that He
was to be expected in the clouds of heaven be-
fore the generation to which He was speaking
had passed away

“You are we!l aware of the fact that after the
Church took its shape and becamethe mightiest
power in Europe, people looked to itas able to
vo forthem very remarkable things. Let mo
remark that religion ia not something that
depends upon this. partionlar bellef or that
about the next world. Religion ie universal
So faras we can see, in the very nature of things
itisa
life, tr never ean pasa away, And religion will
express itself outwardly in some sort of body
and form ; .

“LT bel ave when we are through with this
transition epoch, this confusion of thought,
ideas and theories through which we are bass-
ing, We are to have @ grander and nobler
Church than the world has ever seen

"Tt is the businasa of the Church to teach the
truths of God aa they bear upon human eon-
duct, to hold up before men high and aoble
standards of living, to teach men what they
ought to do and why they ought todoit. Let
us stand by the Church forthe sake of human
growth, human advance: it is that which ia the
secret of civilization, Worship, for which a

 

| true Church stands,is the very secret and heart

| torn

and that she had told the saleswoman to

charge the goods to her, The last. statement

vas denied by the woman who had waited on
her, She was kedupatthe West Thirtieth |

r 1, and Was nor bailed out

araon Market Court sterday the |

ve the name ol Jane Dow, refused to

ididress and d ithat she had men-

y tame to the store detective, A

numberof pol cemen sat! that they recognized

her, andthatshe was Mrs. Lillian Sehoftleld,

sometimes calling herself “Lady Lansmere.”
| Magistrate Hogan beld her in $400 bail for |

trial!

iea'ventur if Mrs Lilian Schotleld would

volume, Born in Eneland, she came to

sountry atan ears and in the eariy

+ known ns e Stowell, In 1873

ttot fornia, mace money ina stock

| cisco by steamer

 
  

vulation, h fatheatre and appeared ina
rleaque entitiet “Jack and Jill.” When she
returned to New York it is said that she had
$85,000, She was interestet in Salmi Morse's

 

    

production of the Passion Play, but is said to
have lost no money by the collapse of that en-
terprise, In IN70 she returned to San Frane
It ta allege t that when the
captain and n Were lost she took charge
and brought the ship safely into port

Shortly a ter this, she returne t to New York

 

ita

withahushand, Charles W. Sehofleld. They
lived at G4 West Twentieth street. Broker
Nat Hatch had been a constant visitor at the

 

 

   

   

 

  

 

house fornearly a year priors to May, ISS8, On
the morning Mav 15 his dead body was
found tu the yard inthe rear of the Schofield
house Mra. Sot { and au brother-in-law
sarresterd tavere re eased
s athattime she bas been arrested anum-
ber of times on complaints of boar *, Shea
j owned a house in West Porty-tirse reet, and
Vil ber boarders told the same story of her -
tanning their trunks and effects, Henry V,
Bowers finally sue! berand obtained a jade
ment, and twenty others of her boarders, who
did not o'jeet tothe publicity, also recoverod
judgments,
PRESCH DEVEAT CHINESE TROOPS,

nelius Brett preached an anniversary sermon |

   

   
 

 

inthe morning. After the se viees. Dr. Van
Cleef held an informal reception. in the lecture
room. The congregation wil give hin a
formal rec ion this evening, and a nunber

of clergymen and prominent persons are ox-
ected to be present and offer their congratu-
lations, Dr. Van Cleef has been pastor emer
tus foraboutten years. He is still hale
hearty andin full possession of his mental tne.
ulties. ‘Ihe Rev A. Brown, the active pastor,
preached at the evening services yesterday
the church was crowded, Dr, Van Cleef hada
seat on the platform

 

 

A Birthday Tax for the Church,

St, John's Episcopal Chureh in Newark has
a novel way of raising its mortgage, suggested
by one of the congregation at a parish meet.

ing last week, Each member is to give So
cents upon his or her birthday, and to raise
among friends, 10 cente for each hourotl the
twenty-fourof that day, making in all $27

 

} 2.40.
It is believed that fully $1,000 will be raised in
this manner during the year,

 

EXPLOSION SETS A HOUSE AFIRE,
Tenants Have a Run for It and Two anda

Policeman Are Hurt.

Arthur Oamer, 2 painter who lives inthe fives
Firat

story tenement house at 170 avenue,
wentintothe cellar there yesterday morning
with a lighted candle and an explosion occured

immediately. Osmer waa badly burned about
the face and hands and was almost blinded, but
managed tocrawl up the cellar stairs to the
street, leaving the cellar ablaze behind him.
Every one in the house had made a run for it
when the explosion was heard, but 50 rapidly
did the flames spread that some of the tenants
found egress by the stairs impossible and men,
women andchildren crowded out on the fre
escapes, shouting for help, An alarm had been
sent (a within a minute after the explosion, so
that numbers of policemen and flrenien were
on hand hefore the persons on the fire ese ipes
had lost their wits, and rescuers awarmed up
the escapes, All were apeediy taken dow:
Policeman Henry Heinatz of the Filth street
station, after carrving down Osmers eighteen.

 

 

 

 

year-old daughter Alma, slipped on the tird-
story balcony and fell tothe baleeny belarg, se-
verely cutting hisface and banda Police
Fox was nearly overcome by gas while on
esenpe and would have fallen if tw firemen
Hadnet notieed his condition and burried to
his assistance, Gustave biel ine iver,
living on the second floor, found his W the
frontofthe house cutoff hy flames and had to
make a dash through the hallway He was
slightly burned on the face, neck and hands,

Dr. Polk of Bellevue Hospital tresaed the in.
juries at the house The flames were en
extinguished and did little damage outs Vue
eelarand the hallways he Josa, ineluding
the damage tone to David Geller’s dry goods
storeon the ground floor, was estimated
$1,000 A leaking gas pipe probably cansed tho
explosion.

WANT WOLCOTT AT ITS HEAD,

Former Governor Mav Be Chosen for Pres:
ident of the Institate of Teehnology,

the

 

 

Boston, Jun, 14 Among in men
toned for the presidency of the Massachusetts

" te of Teehnology, is former Gover
poate olett [tis rumored that the PB
of Trustees has decided to tepder he pla ;
Mr. Woleo't The ft mer Governor has been
resting since he left the State House, Whea
questioned he refusedtosay W hether he we ld
accept the place becatise ithad never heen of-
ee to him, t is not improbable that. the

rthe presidency to Mr. Wol-

aa | offe
trustees wil if they have now al-

eott within ashort time,
ready — >

Boy Dies While Playing Leap Frog.
Jamaica, L. L., Jan 14.—While playing leap

froz with anumber of his companions on Sate

; 1 8 old

fternoon, Irving Friedel, 13 years ol
urday “George Friede!lof Jamatea, fell uneons
acious and died During the morning he had
been playing hare and hounds and it ig thought

his death was due to over-esertion.

Take Possession of the Disputed Territory
in Kwang-tung Province by Poree,

    

  

Tacoma, Wash, Jan, 14.—Oriental advices
state that the French in Tonkin have sues
ereded in disposing of the Chinese troops
under Marshal Su at Kwong Chau Wan. In

| several hard flights early in) December the
Chinese were Vietoriou Tho French finally
brought six erulsersand gunboats to Kwong
Chau Wan Bay. The warships went as far in-
and asthe death of water would permit, shell-
ing halfna dozen towns » Chinese troops
were driven out and many killed, Dead bodies
undinthe trenches when the French

 

 

 

       

    
    

obs Ventured out
Twenty villiges along the bay were occupied
by the Preneh. At the village of Vongture the
Chinese regulars were found strongly ene
trenched behind flelds of sugar cane. After
asevere fight of four hours the Chinese broke
andtook to flight. The French pillaged the
Village and burned tt, together with many
others, On the French side two. battalions of
untry and two sections of artillery were em-
ployed. Fourmen were Killed and twenty
eight wounded. The Chinese loss is unknown,
Several the mandarins ino that lovalty
submitted peacefully, thereby saving their
towns trom 4 ige and Ore, Adjutant gia
of the Proneh forces was 4, The French
troops now oeeuny the disputed territory at
Kwang-tung provinee and will hold despite

Chinese opposition
Death will be the fate of every pirate caught
hereafter West River be een Hong hong
and Canton, where piratical outrages have de-
stroyed the commerce for years, The pirates

became so bold that the people along the river
have received licen to hang every pirate
caught, Four were captured jast month and
hanged on the river bank by the villagers,

The Weather,

The storm from North Dakota moved eastward

 

with increasing energy yesterday, The centre was
over the great lakes, attended by high winds
throughout the Jako section and Canada, The
storm’ «intiuence was beginning to ba felt in the
middie Atlantic and New England States. The ad-
vance belt of cloudiness and Lyht snow began about
noon, Snow was falling from Minnesota eastward,
as wellasiuthe Ohio vall

Hogh winds are Likely to prevall on the coast north
of Hatteras to-day Falr weathor prevailed gener:

! the Southern States and weat of the Mis

It was slightly warmer east of the Mississippi,
hut Was erint Central States west of that
riv all the Northw In this city the morning
opened fai I no snow began to fall and it
t un iPM wht rain and cloudi
ness ntinued: wood it at, average velocity
ten § } ! vera lity Su por cent

\r ! reetedt | level at 8 A, M,

1.37. M. 20

it ta oe edbyt Yicial ther
motieter, dud al thermometer at tha
elie via ant ita

nn yn Sun'e

AM PM, vi! ‘40? Bx

12M . | , 42 '
pM oa 41 3 3 Mil.. 56* 42 ay
Wash 41 ‘ i DAY AND) 10-MOoRROWw

For Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, light

owt ay fois an teokder Tite 1 light south.
eyat y 4, becon northwesterly,

Por Massachusetts, Rh de Island and Connecticut,
ligt ran to-day, followell air; fair and colder
Tuesday; variable winds, becoming northwesterly,

t reteria N ) t tnd , day, fair
Tursday, ligntwos in Kw ateclu winds,

1 eastern Ponneyivania and New Jersey, the
Dis tor ¢ imb.a, Delaware Maryland and Vin
wut vir today, increasing cloudiness Tuesday,
variable wind

rh, thireate
Tuesday

h wesiern New Y

 

ig and colder te-
lh northwesterly

 

hay threatening
winds

For westeru Penusylvania and Ohio, threatening
to-day, with light rain on the lake; Uireateugs Tuce

ay | light northwesterly winds /

 

of vivilization,”

Dr, Savage said, in soma remarks aside:
“Dro Lyman Abbott has aaid recently that he
believes that God will -ave every single human
soul that Heecan possibly save. The only thing
that keeps him from being a Universa ist ia a
question lingering in his mind as to whether
man is not free enough tode y the omnipotent
God and go wrong forever.”

 

 

FIGHT AT A POLISH WEDDING FEAST,

Women Held the Police Back From the
Fighters Clubs Freely Used,

A Polish wedding party, numbering ahout
sixty persons, went from the ehureh to John
Kriwacsy's anid dance hall at 215
Forsyth street yesterday afternoon to dine in
honor of the newly married couple, After the
dinner a flight started among four men who
quarrelled about a woman. Nearly every one
in the party, men and women, took sides inthe
acrap, and the sound of screams, tearing
dresses and breaking g!asaand furniture was
audible along way off

Polleemen Knittle and Rink of the Eldridge
street station ran tothe saloon, buton trying
to enter were seized and held by some of the

women, whilethe rest of the party continued
the fleht. Bythistime the women. allof whom
were gowned in white, had their) dresses
smeared with blood and liquor, and almost
from thelr backs, A hundred glasses, a
dozen ehairs and numerous window panes ad
been broken, and there were several persons

i
of

saloon

badly injured

By ao jude clubs

 

ous ae their tho

policemen forced thetr wayinto the hall, and
drove every ona into the etreet, except four
men whoeontinued to fight. They were ar-
rested and one of them, George 8. Karisky of
Onl Past Thirtatree:, was sent to Gouverneur
Hospital. with a possible fracture of the skull.

Frank Lepinsky of 241 Past Thirteenth «treet,
Mart n Lepinsky « > East Third street and
Ludwig Ortwain of 1 Fidridge street, were
locked up, after having thelr wounds dressed,
Kueh was suffering from severe cuts about the
he ul aod Martin Lepinsky haiw thumb badly
¢ ewer .

 
  

NOT TO SING FOR KAISER'S PRIZE,

Carl Hein Thinks Brooklynites Should Keep
Out of the Contest.

The United Singers of Brooklyn held their
annual meeting yesterday afternoon ip Arion
Hall. Delegates from ali bat two of the forty-
two singing societies embraced in the organi+
zation were present, A letter from Carl Hein,
of the United Singers of Man-
hattan, was read, in which he advised against
the Brooklyn singers participating in the con.

 

the director

  

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

test for the prze to be given by Emperor

Wiliam of Germany in the forthcoming na-

tional sing iva! to be held in Brooklyn

under the n of the Northeastern

‘do his opinion on the

e Brook 4 had advantages in

y not enjoyed by the out-o -town

tions The matter led to some. dis.

{was tinally referred to the Musio

aolved to limit the eamnett.

e to New York, Philadel

re and Jludson county,

lela Othe soeloties trom

| nd Camden, J, Tt was

Veo decided t organize ach rena chor

withamenmbership of between 3,000 and 4,000

appear at a matinee concert The Musie

Com rea will confer with the Sehoo! Board
ot Br indtry to get [ta eoGperation

\ ‘ers who were renom nated Iaat

Sur » unanimously elected, 8. K,

  

Saenger is the President,

TURNED ON THE GAS BY MISTAKE,

Pearsall Was Asphyxiated, Thougha Jet Was
Burning and Panels of His Door Were Out.

Daniel Pearsall of 1162 Fulton avenue,
Brooklyn, took a room in Custer's Hotel, at 58
Dey street, about S o'clock yesterday morning.
Six hours later he was found overcome by gas
which was issuing from an unlighted gas
stove, the feed-cock of which was half open,
He was taken to Hudson Street Hospital and
died there in a few minutes

Mrs. Costersaidthat Pearsall was superine
tendent ofthe Knox hat stora at 212 Broad.
wav and that he was well known at her hotel,
He had evidently turned the cock by. mistake,
it being within aeouple of inches of the one
regulating the gas jet) The gas was burning
when the room was onened and was escaping
through the top of the door, the two upper
panels of which had been removed,

      
       

WAITING CARS AT THE BRIDGE,

New Plan to Keep Travellers Warm at
This End of the Structure.

The question of providing some sort of shel-
ter for early-morning travellera who have to
wait from fifteen minutes toa half hour at the
Now York Bridge entranea for trolley cara has
long been considered by the officials of the
Brook!yn Rapid Transit Company, and, al.
though many achemes havea been sugges
none has proved practicable, Tha compang
has, however, bit) upon aa idea that) will
probably result in furnishing better aecommo-,
dations for travellers between the hours of 1
o'eloek and fo’elock inthe morning, It. fa ine
tended to discontinue using the fourth loop
between those hours for running ears, and to
plice two warmed cars on it as waiting cars,

 

 

 

Py

HEALTH

THE SURE ROAD

HEALTH
REACHED BY

  

WARNER'S SAFE CURE

|

, chabder of errors of comedians,
tnisdaig.
vermanentandeternalelement inhuman |

 

| counsel

       
 

  

 

LEEDLE VILUIE’S FUNERAL

PAID POR WITH GLOISTEIN'S CHECK
TO THE SCHULTZE N CORPS,

   

   

Leedle Villle Had Once Bitten Gloistein,
too, but Gloistetn'’s Letter of Regret to
the Bereaved Owner and Mia Contribation
tothe Corps Got Mixed Before Malling,

August J. Gloistein, President of the Glois-
tein Fishing Club, received notiea yesterday
that he had been suspended from member-
shipin the Plattdeutscher Schitzen Corps for
non-payment of dues, and also because the
Presideut of the corps had received from him @
communieation which the president deemed to
be insulting and in the nature of an attempt of
ajokeon him, Gloistein’s grief over bis #us-
pension from the corps was assuaged some-
what by the receipt of @ letter from Louls
Demmerle, a Staten Island pretzel baker,
thanking him forthe receipt of a check to be
use tin buying flowers forthe funeral of Deme
Inerle’s p-t dog, which died several days ago.
Gloistein received both communications at the
saine time, and after several hours of reflection
the cause of the whole troubie dawned on him,

“Mein Gott,” he said to Pred Miller, Treas-
urer of the Beer Creek Association, as he
handea him both leiters, “Ll vas a reguar
I made a
I gafeatog vat I vanted tergifder
Schitzen Corps. Ven dey hear dot, dey vill pe
indignations by dem. Schnitzer, der Presi-
dend, vill never forgif me. He hades togs
effer since he was bidt py der pack py Haha
der candy man's leedtle poo tle tog.”

The Post Office Department, in Gloisten’s
eyes, fs entirely responsible for his prasent
trouble. Several days ago he received two
letters, One from the Schiitzen Corps said
that hia account Was in arrears to the extent
of $35. It said:

“You should by next Thursday send $35. Who is
goin’ ter pay for dot betr, Ve must haf Cer money
orc you sitll) be owid of der glub tred. Maybe you

tink wewed der beir for nothings. Vat a nice tine
ve vould haf tty der nesd meetin deir van bi r mt
Who is der reason at vou doaut pay id. Ve expegd
ter bear from you shure, Yours Trooly,
ScHNIT7FR,’

The other letter, received at the same tirne,
read aa follows

 

  

     

Dear Gust Mine leedle Villie died yeat miay, Vat
aeple did leetie ting he vas. Tam ter becry bimin
aresularcotin. | iofed dot leedle Villte so muck
He may hat peenadok bud he vasa dvun, [
hat known do @ mit two lours vat vae uot aa fine doke
a leedie Villia. You kauow  Villie, uudt ot is
vy Lsendt you dis ledder of r da dot he died

Lovuts DiEMMERLE.

‘Tmust answer dose ledders righ it avav”
said Gloiatein wheo he rece ved them, “bam
sorry for dot tog, but, mine Gort! vat gan Tsay
to der schdtzen Corps’ [F doan care so muen
for der tow, but Demmerle is mein friend. Dot

tow bit me

Gilojatein made outacheck for the money ha
owed tothe Schiitzen Co pa, and wrote a tetter
of explanation tothe president and aso a let.
terexpressing sympathy with bemmerae tor
the loss of the dog. In inelosfug the two letters
in the envelopes that intended forthe Sehitzen
Corps with the cheek was put in the envelope
addressed to Demmerly and the other letter
Was sent tothe Schtirzen Corps, The letter re-
ce ved by Demmerle read in part as follows

Once

 

Mit gread sorrow I enclose mein cheg, Lhone you
Vill ged id in time. Ishouldt haf aendt id soon
(#LOlsTein,
The letter received by Schnitzer of the

Sehdtzen Corps was as follows

  

ITgot yourledder. I am sorry der dogis dead, T
hope he vill be burried ailrighat. Der lawit time Ll
Vasehoot n mityou, I eld like sh im der do. pe
cause he bit me in der angle ven I vas chuat tryin’
ter asin ata wild duck. Der duck mide hat peena
dead duck only fer derdog, [ forgif him and vou

CALOLST EIN,
tter Wis a notice
fon, With these remarks;

 

Schonitzer’s answer to this!
oO! Gloistein’s suspen

 

“Youtink you vas a fine ma T vill led vou know
wio vas derdog. Berhabe vou v)! know who is der
besd shooters, [doan ¢ take no cloakes like dat

SOHNIIZEL

Demmerle’s letter in acknowledgment of
the check was more cheerful in tone

“Tam gradetul,” wrote Demmerle, “for yer
fine presen I opr nd 2B t ir der 45
tollars of der cheg fora flue big harp of flower
fer leedia Ville. Derother 10 tollars ve apend
fer two kegs of blerina brewery, Poor leeds
Vilie is gone, bud ve vill neffer forged such
much kindness vot you did DEMMERLF.’

Gloistein said) yesterday, in telling his
troubles to Miller: “T vasa regu’ar hoodoo for
minesed, bud I vill fgs tdallrighdt. I will pe
at der nexd shootin’ match, by Chiminy, Here-
after I vill neffer care von ting fer togs.”

ROBBED VISITOR GETS OUT OF TOWN,

¢

 

Had Three Women Arrested for Getting
815) Out of Him-—They're Set Free,

Mildred Gilbert, 1% years old, Frankie Pat-
terson, 20, and Sarah Howard, 22, were ar-
raigned in the Jefferson Market police court

‘oman O'Donnell of the Ten-
Magistrate Hogau that the
‘used of having stolen $150 from

Hotel
the
sinant

yesterday by Poli
derloin, who toid
three were a

samuel ©. Davis, a visitor staying at the
lmperia It Ol cauan asked that
privoners be nded untill the comy
could be notifled

“These wonien were arrested in the middle
ofthe day yesterday, sald Lawyer Alter, ther

“| don't see why the complainant
Was | tifed yesterday so that he could be
presentthis morning

‘Go and wet the man at once,” Magistrate
Hogan ordered O° Dor 7 Wail tiiyon
return, Phere is no reason why these women
should be locked up «
complainant is in the eity.’

“All raght, your Honor,” safd
retired to oneot the site root
later he reappeared on the lye,

“One of the other poli n tells me,” he
said to the Magistrate, “that he know
tively that Davis went to Youngstown, Ohio,
last night

“LT move to dismiss the complaint because
there is nocomplainant,” Lawyer Alter putin
promptly

“TL suppose there ia nothing else to do but to
discharge these women,” remarked the Mugis-
trate, “Let them out,”

Davis was registeredat the hotelon Saturday,
He had been robbed, it was said there yester-
day, and it wastrus that hehad departed to
Youngstown. Whether he recovered his stolen
property first or not nobody could say,

 
 
  

 
 

 

wn

ne'l
ine

   

O'Dounell and
hive minutes

 

 

STITL WANTS TO

The City of Cambridge Says Care of the
University Adds to Public Expense,
Bostos, Masa, Jan. 14.—The
bridge has not yet given up

TAX HAKVARD,

 

city of Cam-
its conflict with

 

Harvard University rejutiveto taxing college
property, notwithstanding the recent
decision of the Sipreme Court exempt-
ing certain) houses and buildings, The
Board of Assessors and someof the members of
the city government have already atarted a
movement to bring about what they eall a

more equitable basis oftaxation, At the meet.
ing ofthe City Couneil on next Tuesday an ore
der will be introduced requesting the Mayor to
petition the Legislature for the passage of an
act authorizing the State to tax certain renal es-
tate owned by Harvard and situated in Cam-
bridge, also providing that the sums collected
be turned over tothe ety of Cammbridge
Thecity government asserts that the univer.
ality shares with every other citizen of the
munieipality in the pollee and tlre protection

  

furnished, in the sewers, street lighting and
street cleaning Improvements, but contributes
nothing fortheirsupport. The necessity ofin-

cluding the collage property in the expense of
naintuining these municipal works and dee
partments, (tis urged, calls for an outlay that
materially increases the tax rate of the city
The nssessors believe that as only 7 percent, of
the students of the university are residents of

    
 

Cambridge. and a4 most ol the students reside
in various parts ofthe State, the stare, there.
fore, anid not the city, should bear the chiet
burden of taxation

THE NEAT G4, A, BR REUNION,

Elaborate Preparations Already Made for
the Meeting in Chieago This Vear,

 

 

 

 

 

Cricwo, Jan, do —AM arrangements a
heen completed for the thirty-fourth ant
eneampinent of the Grand Army ol the Repul
lie which willbe hedin Chicago on Aug, 2
oy vand 30. Ttis intended to make this
union the most memorat since the boys in
bine returned to peueeful ys its in Ds
President. MeKintoy ind = A Dowry
Pr to be the h Mests Phe ope
gramme embraces na 6ey f te
t industr ied) military para t
Bothons Water da tirew or} '

atie, Street illum) nation sacl erts
and special patriotic serviers: dedjoat a of

rvhes, tre-entation of ame t
hewey, band coneerts inthe parks, e mpfl
parade of Scouta and ex-prisoners of wa '
parade of automebiles, regiment reunior
and entertainine ots of other kinds Nothng
will be neglected to make the encampment o

suceess In every particular

Milked Seven Cowa and Then Died,

 

 

NEWRUARGH, Jan. 14.--Georze FT. M
farmerincharge of Frank Lyne! sume
place in New Windsor, alike seven cows Sat
urday morning, retired tothe heu nd soon

thereafter dved

IF YOU OWN KEAL ESTATE.
you are naturally interested in the condition of
the market. Trg SUN wives this each day ia
bts on uirety, dae,

7
——

resignations from the tield and — etaff
officers There is a great deal of talk
on the one sida about a long-stand-
ing ill-feeing  hetween Col Ten rie
and Gen. Russe ! Frost, now eominanding the |
; State brigate. Pho talk in ticutes that mit t-
tary menareof the opinton that Gen F.ost
had the examinations tor Colovels shove tup
to a point of severity where ba knew Col
Hen trie coull not pass It is a caect that
Hendrie's exam dation was a seoreber, He |
was before the Examining Board ‘ortwo solid |
hours. The presence ot Maj Gilbert) Fitch
onthe Fxamicing Hoard has caused some ref-
erence tothe act that there Was Pacontest
tor the same office between the two men
Major Houlihan was we ked by hoa brother
officers and had the renutation of being pretty
well up in military atters His summary
| dropping trom the rack is regaried 49 the
severest punishment, next to dishonorable

another night ifthe |

IN THE

SELECTED GkAPES

HADES

WAYS.
SONS WHY

WORLD OVER.
BY THE TRADE
BY THE 1895's,

THOUGH NOT RIPE
SUMPTION.

pee

PORAAAHLOA

2

 
  
 

POMMERY CHAMPAGNE

COMMANDS THE HIGHEST PRICE

THE POMMERY NOW BEING OFFERED
IS OF
1893 VINTAGE, WHICH WILL

HAMM AROHLARHAS ;

MANUFACTURE OF POMMERY
CHAMPAGNE ONLY THE FIRST PRESSING OF
Is
QUENT P«xESSINGS, NOT BEING UP 70 THE
STANDARD ADOPTED BY THE
POMMERY, ARE DISPOSED OF IN VARIOUS
THIS IS ONE OF THE MANY REA-

USED, THE SUBSE-

HOU:E OF

THE

THE CELEBRATED
BE FOLLOWED

AN EXCELLENT VINTAGE,
ENOUGH YET FOR CON.

FSP PS PFSOGSSSS

 

COLONEL AND MAJOR TURNED DOWN,

Examining Board Causes a Stir in the
Fourth Connecticut Regiment.

Norwak, Conn, Jan, 14.—Military cireles
arestirredup over the way the axe o' the Ex-
amining Board of the Connectient National
Guard fell in the camp of the Fourth Regiment
and turneddown Co, Charles W. Hendrie of
Stanford and diseharged tn a@ summary man-
ner Major Houlihan of Bridgeport, who, like
Col. Hen trie, is said to ba one of the best mill-
tary men inthe State, The offlcers of the reg-
imentare very much inelined to resent the ac-
tion of the board, and it will not be surprising
ifthe Adjutant General's office ts deluged with

 

  

 

discharge, that could be given anoflesr, Why
he was so severely dealt with, when others who
failed to pass examination hive — another
chance, in a question to whieh the fleld and
staffof the reg: ment will deman lan answer,

MRS, HOLMES'S TRi4t) FOR MURDER

All the Testimony in-Physictans Testify
That She Was Insane.

Daras, ‘Tex, Jan. 14.—All the testimony ia
the murder trial! of Mrs, Carria Holmes,
charged with poisoning her hushand, is tn.

at Brownwood
reealled, They
Doctors

Atthe night yn of court

last night the final witnesses we
all testifii;d as experts on insanity,
Bynum, Suyder. Seott, Harpman, Hamilton
and Allison hypothet questions pro-
pounded by counsel for the defence and based
on the life, health and characteristics of Mra,

Holmes, gave it as their opinion that she was
insane Dr, Allison testfled that he had mada
an examinath months agoaad found Mrs

88S

on al

 

ion six
Holmes to be suffering [rom a complication of
troubles He questioned her at the time in
orderto mdgeof bhersanity. Dr, Allison's con-
clusions were that Mrs. Holmes was then ine
sane

The State in rebuttal introduced expert wit-
nesaes who hat known Mrs Holmes for years
None of them Would awearthat they bel.eved

 

 

she had ever been insane, All swore that they
eonsidered her above the average in point of
intelligence. The Judge announced that he

would permit eight hours’ arguinent of coun-
sel on each afde. Argument will begin ats
o'eloek lay morn'ne and it is expected
that the cuso will be with the jury by noon of
Tuesday.

CHEWED A POLICEMAN'’S THUMB,

   
   

 

   

    

   

 

 

  
   

 

 

 

    

REE eomenajrenoeton -Sieiesipemsiaision aiaiiiamaanibeeets

 

 

 

HY |S HEALTHFUL!

A Natural Minera! Water

vic

with medicinal qualittes,

For Indigestion and
Stomach Disorders.

So-called VICHY
IN SYPHONS,

SNOT VICHY

Get the Genuine

VICHY

 

ne ee

Ww.

COOK im:

The makers of

LIEBIC
COMPANY'S EXTRACT

OF BEEF will mail free to an
housewife an attractive écok boo
containing 100 recipes, Send your
aldress on postal to Liebig's Ex.
tract Uo., P.O, Box 2715, N.Y. City,

~*RAn

 

an reneaeaeneeaere

 

 

 

   
 

. “Greatest Trunk
2 ey Corner in America.”

HAMILTON'S

Where Trunks
Are Made.

230 St.& Gth Ave ;

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 

   

Drink-Crazed Finnish Satlor Half Choked $
Before He Would Let Go, ANTI-WISSIG PLOT DEFRATED, ri
A stockily built man who looked like a saflor ; —_ y
in his shore clothes entered Kennedy's sa'oon The Hon, Phil Stays in ‘'de Ate’ and Defles
at Sixty-iifth street and Broadway last night the Allen street Literary Association,
while intoxicated, and wanted adrink, When | The Tlou. Phil Wissig,- President of the
thrown out of the place he picked up astone Martin Engel Association, who repudiates the
and hurled it through the plate glass inthe honor which such an oMea conveys to him,
front de Policeman Townsend tried toar- | held a reception vesterday in celebration of
| rost the man, but only didso when a citizen | what he ealls avictory in circumventing the Wy
wentto aid hitin enomies whotried to drive him out of the dise 4
. | ;
In the West Sixty-eighth street station the | trict by establishing aboyeott against him in
prisonartalkedbinnish and couldn'tspeak Eng | all the apartments available for rent in “de
lish, WhenT iwenttosearch him he Ate.”
Townsend's left thumbin his mouthand bt it Wissig has tomove, After lots of hustling he
to the bone ‘Three policemen grabbed him | at last secured rooms late last Saturds ;
and Acting Sergeant MeNaught. ehoked him Ani ft : : aturday night 4
‘intil be was black in the fnee before he could | O! the fi'th loo the apartment house at 19% !
be induced to let go, He was locked up on a Canal streat Lhe landlord waived the restrice
charge ot disorderly conduct, intoxication and tions AgAlURt dogs In favor of the blind dog
mayhem ibe FS Lert © " SBI the conspirators
Townsend dressed his wound with earbolio | | “At list. said Wessig yesterday, oT am in 7
acid and went to Roosevelt Hospital. The sure | por tion to de'y Engeland the Allen Street
geons told him thatthe wound was a bad one iterary — Association am higher up now
and hethen reported sick and went to Pol.ce waa t ever wae before, but am ati | in ‘de
iS yeon Nesbitt! treat ant, ”, am ave nueh tive man he bling
surgeon aan or i reatmen = dog is with me yet Ho cannot gee, but he can
bite A bintdog would not make such a bad
PARK KEEPERS RECOGNIZED, emblem for an independent nomination of
’ ou someboty after all. Let Martin Engle beware.
Civil Service Board Takes Them Under Its A only way they ean drive me out of She Glas
’ » | 4 | triet now ls to send Seeoan dt Story Cohen anc
Fi here's nthe
Wing and The Joy In : Zarire some of these other Llokes up here with @
There is joy in the Central Park Zoo, for the | torch
keepers have been recognized by tha Civil | IHEY blew 17 “THE
Service Commission and heneeforth are irre- Ins LEW OOT THE GAS,
0 ile exeept on charges. The animal " ee : :
m NBD: excel h at _ LHI | Pewee Pnsophisiicated German Farmers Viee
must hive learned abou fore ve elephants | tims of a Bad Habit.
yesterday Waited for “Billy” Suyder, who looks
them as his babies, and gave him a great Three unsophisticated German farmers om
i Big Tom just hoege! him for joy their way tothe Patherland for a visit, reached
rhe members of the eat ‘amily in Hotel Smith | the ue Biae, a Raines law hotel, at 020
reete | a Shaun n Who is now Kue nF re nd avenue ou Saturday evening and rege
OO ea eer at thteo cheers for Jake" | istered there as John Woessner, George
Smitt | Lehman and George Southwellof Eekley, la,
Ten ke ! ore are affected by the oiler ' Prior | Southwei!| bad a room to himself. The othee
o Saturday wy W simply Par laborera ‘. . , .
detailed to work around the menagerie, Supt. | two sley t together, Yesterday morning Souths
Smith, however, thought that bis assistants | Wellcould not arouse his friends although he
sould have the protection of civil service knocked repeatediy on their door,
regulations as some of them were experts in Phe bartender forced the door and found tha
their work. The Civil Serviee Commissionera | Toon full of illuminating gas which cama
have according! classified the position, Here- from awh enjet. The farmersa had blown
after keepers will have to pass a civil service | out the lin vt below familiar with gaa,
examination before they will be permitted to ; Woessner was deal when the pair were found,
take care of the annals but Lehman breathed. still, He died in
ances . | Flower Hosp tal in the afternoon.
ae . : A relative of Woessner was emploved in the
FIGHTING IN COLOMBTA, } hotel and he took chasge of Woeasner's body,
vei - On it were found a draft for $100,@ note for
Government Defents the Insurgents and | $200 and $116 in cash
Another Battle Is Pxpected, ae
Morr \ Tat 14—The Norwegian WOMAN DIES IN 4 PATROL WAGON,
, } t which ¢ 1 here yasters | .
imahip t x NWarris het ters | ter Son-in-Law Had Said She Was Drunte
day from Boca Tera, | tod States of Cos |
| and Called the Police,
lomt reports ul ualn vityofthe Governs | ‘
ment militar « Large bodies of troops John White of 21 Ninth street, Jersey City,
are d irching and drilling in the | Teported at the Keventh street police station
nn. The the ateatner report eo, | te on Saturday night that Mrs, Lizzie Streteh,
versatiot tl ‘aloft the military oMeers, | hismother iw, was at his house drunk and n
who sail t battle had been tought wth ereating a disturbanee. A policeman and a
the i i the intertor and another patrol! wagon were sentto the house to take
battle w pendit eGovernment forees her to ¢ won k& person in the Oakland |
were rey + sCeess fu t ast flight avenue station onthe Herghts, Ouoarriving 96
althoug! y hand sutfered severe logge the Oaklan Lasonue stat o@ it was fonal that
Thearmy had engage wing the Mere st vis ko and st wis borried of
insvrg: for several weeks and had ee to th City Hes; Jin the paterot
uponte t “ intrenct fernervera Whgon ot va howae (0 vears
Nebtinst pe several days the rebela retreated a. f ' Phi ewill a
tin a nymnany killed and woutded topeve efermine the esuse of hee
th W ‘ nvestigute the ea thoroughiy.

 

DO NOT TAKE PURGATIVES ~

Other than those recommended
by the Medical Profession.
For List of HOSPITALS and PHYSICIANS using and

recommending

“APENTA

99 Hungarian Natural
Aperient Water,

Address United Agency Co., Fifth Ave., New York, i

Sole Agents of the APOLLINARIS CO., Ld., Londom