|
|

ee

 
 
    
     
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
      
   
   
  
     
 
    
  
 
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
     
    
  
   
   
   
    
     
   
   
   
     
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
      
  
 
    
 
    
  
  
   
     
    
   
  
  
    
   
 
   
 
    
  
    
      
      
   
 
  
  
  
      
   
   
    
   
  
  
    
     
   
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
    
       
   

 
    

 

PRAISE FOR BOER TACTICS,

CITE

 

CORRESPONDENTS
or tuk WAL,

EVGLISU
LESSONS

Good Work of the
Department  Peeus
Vighting Man

Blormberg an bxampte
Boers’ Intelligence

 

  
   

 

Harities of the Boer aso

Less onthe Range of Fire Drawn
Prom the Modder River Piebt -Danger
of bamine tn the Natal Country=The

Recoveries Prom Wounds,

The Foglish correspondent

a“

Marvellous
Loxpon, Jan 5
writing from the frent mot
{ng fashion upon Fowlish ar

in the present campaign
“When the story of the
written it will beof the utmost interest ifsome
lin why the Boers

1} Boer methods

war cones to be

writer who tells it willes
have always chogen the hills in dthe British as
{nvariably kept to the plains Why, at Lady.

‘not take the trouble
nrmending eminence,
nerosity left them all
hecanse we like

ing hills

amith, forexampie, We ¢

to fortify one single
but with unparalle
for the enemy? Is the reason

ivs of

 

 

stor:

 

 

those picturesque disp!
and precipices? During those six weeks, while
Gen. Gatacre was orginiz. ng his corps, with
his base at Patterskraal, the burghers were
gathering about the ; kepjes of Storms
berg. They could have blown ur the rail-
way or cut the telegraph wires when I
was there, but they were much wiser than to
» of thoir presence, These

give na that not
are the last things the Boers do,

it i»
dure is very simple and intelligent I ta
amall body—all mounted, of course—apperrs

 

and surveys the groun 1. Thenhaving deetded
onthe best plage to defend=beciuss attack 1s
no port of their system — they slowly cut thelr
achantzes or trenches, raise bheir embark:
ments and bring their guns, the commandos
converging in the night from various positions
When all ia ready, and they wish us to throw
our men sgainst these natural and artifictal
fastnesses,they cut the railway, blow upa bridge
or aculvert and await the attack, For some
reason-most likely because our force has
een too small, and gathering intelligence ina

country where we have few friends and
many enemies is An extremely dif.
cult) matter-we have — hever in one
single inatanee eaught the Bor rain the act of

on the hills, or, so faras T can ascers
tain, assailed their position before it was com-
plete, Ifear one must admit they are a little
too ‘slim’ forus, ‘Thus was it that when thoy
had completely fortifled Stormberg, concen-
trated their men, got their guns into position,
and everything prepared, they blew up a eul-
vert and portion of the railway at Steynsburg,
as if tosay politely to Gen, Gatacre ‘Now, sir,
we are ready; come on!’ and the General did

assem ing

eome on, Unfortunately, he did not know
nearly as much of the Boer position and nume
bers as I warrant they knew of his.”

Indeed, it seems pretty cloar that from first

to last the Boors’ Intelligence Department has
defeated nearly all attompts on the part of the
British commanders to keep their plang and
movements secret. This, of course, isdue toa
great extent to the fact that though the British
troops have from the outset been operating on
British territory, none the less they have been
fn a hostile country, the majority of whose
{Inhabitants desire to help the enemy in any
way that is possible,

Moreover, as the correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph points out, “lt would surpass the wit
of man to prevent them knowing our move-
ments, if not our intentions, The Boer soldier
has no uniform, He doffs his bandoleer, lays
down his rifle, pulls the’little batee off his
elouch hat, and he can walk into Queenstown,
or even Putterskrau! Camp, and ask if they
want to buyoxen or mealies without being
suspected. He may be known to any number
of burghers, but they will not betray
him. On the other hand, the Boers
at Stormberg took most effective
measures to conceal everything. In the East
there are certain holy places, where none but
the faithful may enter; if the unorthodox get
in they never come out, The Boer camp was
carried on upon these lines. Not even a Boer
who came inside was allowed to leave; he had
to shoulde: a rifle and fight. The next bost
thing to keeping your enemy in the dark is to
find out in good timo that he ts informed,
Our unfortunate General could not do even
that, for he did not know where the enemy
was, nor what his strength, and when march.
ing with nonchalant stride beneath Rooikop
Was not aware that more muskets than he had
men were taking aim at his long-drawn-out
column of fours

    

 

 
  

The following isan “appreciation” of the Boer,
Written by one of the Australians at the front

“Fresh imnen are swarming up every day to
strengthen Methuen, while dowa from
Nunes at short intervals the Boer prisoners are
coming in, 'ooking gloomy, sullen and vindier-
fve—a big pereentage of them have a strong
dash of nigger blood in them, and that class
atruck meas being particularly vindictive, and
I would not giveamuch fora man’s life if he

his

 

fell into their hands, either wounded = or
otherwise. The Boers themselves are a
Detter class; the young ones are rather
fighty and given to brag; but the old

men are rough, rugged, game-!ooking fellows,
who look like hunters who are wel used to
hardships, and are ready to let their rifles take
care of their heads, This latter kind is the
back bone of the Boor foreas, IT doubt if they

 

 
   

will be easily subdued. They have little
knowledge of Britain’a boundiess resources,
and the way wo are pouring troops in is a
Bource of endless wonder: to them. Thev seem
to fancy that the whole British nation ta
"tr ing’ here forthe purpose of staying on
the soil if they can conquer it. They often ask
when the women an hildren will bo coming

over, It impossible to convinea these old
back woodsmen that the troops here are only a
portion of ourarmy, and have nothing to do
with the general population of our country
When I tell them this sort of thing, they simply
shake their heads with a knowing smile, and
gay: ‘Oom Paul better than
that; we will kill most of the Pngtish and take

Cape Town vet, for we have God antour rifles

Krilger knows

with vs,’

“It is useless to argue with an oll Boer. One
might aswell tryand expound Ruelid to a
eross-eyed camel, Both would iisten to vou,
but neither woul! prefit by your labor, The
came, would ehew thoeud, andthe Boer would

chew tobaces, and both wou
freely as so

expectorate

mas you left,and nothing further

would come ofit. Tknow the elass, We have
Bomething very similar among the ol! Ger.
man settiers in the hackhacks of Australia
An emu is more amenable to reason than they
are, andnoman everlived who could knoek

pense intoan er

 

 

What loss was inflicted upon the Roers at
Mod ler Ko ver wil probably never be aceurat
known, but the British shell fre was evidently
extremely searching, W @ the day after the
battle respondent ‘

“There is not aho ear Modder River that
On the day of battle was pable st ering
riflemen that is not 4 shed through and
throug’) with shrawnel The room in which [
writeatthe Crown and Roval Hotel, now the
General's headquarters, has had a shell in
through the roofand out through thejambof
the doorway, burying itsolf harmlessly inthe |
roots ofa yueca ten yards awa The chape
on tl | rt ri ! t is lhy the B taan
an t is torn and rid tled with
shell fire The most exposed house in the
contr the or 4} sam feha
and t iir mid yedwork, the ado
vw ac ‘ ' to the to hn oy 1 t if.
tervlesa | s! 4 throug it the
day, and the hundreds thousands of care
tridges Iving in the two-mile streteh of rifle
Pitsonthe south bank of the river + yto
the four re that a tay & assailed our
Men Whenever a helmet ora shoulder could be
eer

‘The ho els hore ficate @loarly enough the
mT ‘re obthe y re are four or
five ail eon ve t vater with quad

 

rangwlar gardens where

mimosa hedg

ind flowering
din with ecctus and a few siekly
Pinestake the place of the shrubs and creepers
ofun Fuglish tea garden, And with this all

 

the juxyries that can accompany corrugated

fon we ev ouce to be had, Never has it been

ives in the follow. |

Their proces |

          

anything but a frivolous little patch in the
heart of the veldt, The punishment for its
giddiness has been sudden an! extraordinary.
The place is deserted, the walla and roofs per-
forated Ike a colander, ths water, churned
and befouled by 10,0 Wantmals, rolls over and
over the dead that were hurriedly thrown tote
ita eddying hollows with a welght atrached
that has in many cases proved insufficient
The bridge itself lies on its ruined piers &
twisted length of acrap iron, and the dead
horses Ml every nook in the riverside woods,

dent endeavors to sum up the inilitary lessons
tobe drawh trom Methuen’s advanee aud the
battle of Modder River, Of the latter he save:
“There was serreely an element wanting to
| make it a serious test of modern warfare In
aris, aminunition, tactics on elther Un
Jateat theories were put Into practice; and if it
bo urged that the Boers’
were morethan neutralize? by thelr want of
drill, ttshould be remembered that the river
was one oftheir most important weapons, and
that many of the pages must now be torn from
the most up-to-date of drill books

“The limit of effective fire has now been
reached—that is, no improvement in the ma-

| Writing some days later the same correspons

 

which the so.dier ean with reasonab'e certainty
hit or cheek what he can see, Previously the
votform of the soldier extended enormously
the vision of his enemy, while the range of his
enemy's rifle fell considerably short of that
limit; now the greater tnvistbility of the unt-
form, added to the enormous range of the rifle,
has at last brought it about that the range of
lthe eye and not of the rifly ie the limit of
{| safety, and itis beyond question that this now
rule must be accepted by military text-hooks,
| as proved by the engnwements of the expedis
J tion. Other theories as to the zone of effective
| fire are untenable, The greater danger AD»
pears to be in some extent at the greater
distance. There haa hardly been a@ acore of
| men hit during the warat any range under

400 yards, though, of course, this may be to
| comme extent due to the fact that there is always
| dead ground when storming a kopje

“Tho moral effect of acharge appears to he
as greatasever, and the importance of srtil-
lory grows with each eneounter, Over 1,100
rounds were fired by the Seventy-ffth Battery
during the batrie, and there is hardly a yard in
the defending line that was not searched by
the shrapnel. Whatthe effect. of lyddite w i
be when used against efvilized troops will be
an interesting question when the column re-
siimes its mareb; all indications seem to point
tolts being one of the greatest aafegnarus of
our troors that have been devised.

“A difficulty was early found in the supply of
ammunition, The reserves cannot, under the
new system of warfare, approach the fring
line, andthe aminnition bearers run a risk
that ia out of all proportion to that run by the
man aetually in the fighting line, Of course
this affords an opportunity courageous

 

 

 

for
action, of which advantage was fully taken on
Tuesday; butthisis hardly a justification of
military ordinances, and means will have to be
taken togupply troops inthe open with ammu-
nition without running the dangers of loss of
delivery that were certainly ouly too obvious
at Modder Kiver,

“Lt whl be impossible in any future war for
the ofleers to retain theirswords, and it will
be worth while forthe War Offlee to construct
some light carbinethat may be carried by them
instead of the weighty rifle served out to the
men. To have no rifle, or to be mounted, has
throughout been to court asystematic fire at
whatever range; and it is a question for war
correspondents to consider whether, for
auch of them asa prefer to sew the fight
from the firing line, it is not necessary
to carry. such @ carbine There can be
little doubt that Mr. Knight was singled out
among thoes who responded tothe white flag
at Belmont because he held no rifle, and there
cannot be one among them who has not res-
lized the impossibility of taking a horse into
the flaht atal).

“But with all this, which shows clearly
enough that the eyesight of the Boer is not
dimmed, it must be recorded that the slight
stunted mimosa serub of the veldt, some 10
inches or L2 inches in height, bas been found
amply sufficient cover to conceal entirely a
division of some eight thousand men. Of
firing there was none until & movement—tho
slightest was enough had been made, In a
moment, Whatever the range, the hail of bul-
lets began, and it is doubtful whether it was
nota mistake of some of the senior olllvers to
stand upand walk infrontof their men, howe
ever courageous such an action undoubtedly
was Anything served to give the Bours the
A flock of goats, some toirty in nume
ber, stroiled slowly across between the two
forces early in the afternoon, and. was utilized
in the most skilful way by the Boers to flad
the exact distance,

“Upto the 700 ya-ds’ range a complete series
of whitened stones had been constructed by
them, and no precaution had been omitted to
give every possil's advantage to those of the
Boers who were sharpshooters, Ammunition,
though expended with the utmos* freedom,
was never wasted by them, and thelr control
over the firing jine was astonishingly good

 

 
  

 

The eastern campaign provides little new
matter, Writing on Dee. Ofrom Pietermaritz.
burg, the correspondent of the Daily News

  

 

 

 

Bays:

i here are strong groun ja forthe belief that
a famine among tha pative population of
Natal will have to be added to the horrors of
wir. Stocks of maize of ‘mealies,’ as the
grain is¢ ‘lin this country) are fast dimin-

ishing, and consequentiv the principal articie
of native diet, so faras locally grown supplies
are concerned, bids fairto disappear entirely
from the market. Possibly the Government
will import, 4s was done on” previous occasion
when @ famine threatened in consequence of
rinderpest carrying off the oxen and the na-
tives being prevented from p.oughing, but if
thie plan is reaorted to, the tax of 2a. per
100 pounds imposed On imported maize under
the Custome Convention entered into with the
Cape Colony and the Orauge Frea State by the
Binns Ministry, will have to be abolished, and
this will not please the Protectionist party, by
the votes of whom the present Ministry hold
office, There are various reasons to account for
theinsufileency of this season's crop, The mill.
tary authorities have been large buyers of
both mealies and meal; and thousands of
natives employed at the mines have been
thrown back into the Colony, and these, no
longer earning money with which to purchase
en for ploughing and seed for p'auting, have
to be fed.

“Furthermore, two-thirds of the farmers of
the Colony have been obliged to suspend farm.
Ing operations through being ealied out on
aetive service, or owing to the inroads made
hy the Boera through the northern and mid-
land districts. Those who have not been
affected in this manner, have abandoned work
on their farms for more lucrative empioyment
in the service of the Imperial Government,
chiefly for purposas of transport, £2 perday
being the rate of pay for the hire of a wagon
and a span of oxen, It will thus be seen that
agricultural interests are being entirely nog
lected, and though the ordinary consumer will
sulfer as the result of that neglect, the natives
of the Colony (of whom there are more than
halfamiliion) will undoubtedly be the chief
sufferers, for not only will they be deprived of
the suple article of their food supply, but they
will be compelled to face the poverty entailed
by the curtailment of their spending power, as
the resull of the stoppage of mining operations
onthe Rana.

‘The natives bore their losses from the
scourge of rinderpest with amazing fortitude
and complacence, but the horrors of famine
following 80 @losely on the hees of the cattle
plague will rent it necess lor the oceu-
pant of the office of Secretary for Native Affairs
tokeepaeoo! head and to alminister hia de.
partment with tact and sound judgment, ifa
serious disaster is to be averted

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a RL

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

A few interesting stories come in from time
tototime trom the hospitals. One correspond.
ent writes from Orange River:

[he Boer prisoners in hosp tal stilleontinue
to prosper aud wan fat } Was speaking to one
of themthe other day, He was an exces tings y
teresting man, ond the halt hour's conversa.
tion Was nostinstractive foie, He was edu.
cated at St ' hethe Cape Daten Chiver-
sity ¢ wre, ar s80ne of the inst men one
would imag to bave any Mistaken pot is
to Britains resour and yet, he informed
me, he had been under the inipression thatthe
bhngish Army consisted of 6,000 soldiers

surely, Toargued, ‘you must know
t « British Army consists of more than
Oo00, You read the papers, you have oa
knowledge of the word

My trond, the Boer prisoner, shook his head
With a Wise smile

‘Lhave seen only a tints of a bik English
Arn in the Baglish papers. What would be
‘ er than for vour Commander-ineChief to

} putdown an extra hundred thousand troops
on paper? | ou Have so many troops, whe
Pare yousend ng to Tndia ca, and Austratia and
Ching tor assistane Pdid not attempt to ex.
| plain
| Another corresponent gives some cases of
| wonderti covery, saying ‘Many of the
cures and recoveries of this campatgn are as-
tounding. One case LT would not venture to re.
j late on my own authority, and Leite lori sur.
} geon Cunningham, correspondent of the Lan.
cer, Who ts sending a svccount of ft to thar
yourha A builet ‘nteredt the side of the
sku to the rear the temple, pene.
trated dingonally downward, and emerged
from 1 ; t hheok The ‘sane
t 8 ha wound ner ing tatal are im
lion rene, but the 4 is recever
wnerrily. Inoaes feuse. a Mauser pa
through the lower part ¢ he body trom troy
to back; the hHent sahout, and bam told wi
suffer no pen ent ry. My. M tig
ot Joba urd, a fo the dinperial Light
Horse, was badly hurt at Bland rte He
i Pnight tneous s. Was I next
morning by aw dector Who knew bette
the vround t his own biood, sindly
medico gave him some morohia, and sent hin
to the hospital, hardly expecting fo see him
aliveagain, A friendot mine oet Me MeLaueh
lin in Durban a fortnight ago, looking
ever, Gn Only AD NIOUS Lo met back te thy ’
aati One such experionee woud have beon
( sh f ro most pe ' Verily ther “a
strange faseination about war,’
;*Taet stint 1 REAL bast ;
ADVERTISING nue
and News medium will better meet vour re.

quirements than any other publication, reach.
Ing as it does people who have money for
Investment, end aappiving each day all the
news availabp: of interest to thuse interesivd
In the Realty arker ~sdde .

teria! weapon is possible beyond the point at,
|
|
|

side the |

superior numbers |

een oa

‘asan ald in that work is expected to ac.
complish a good deal in thia country by |
arousing sympathy for the Boers and |
antagonism to England. She has boon |

They all said they would take the account
that I mustn't putin the words Boer or Trans
vanl, because that would injure them in Lou-
don. So - had at last to put it in my name
merely ag treasurer,

“The banks and the trust companies of this
city Are staves to the British bankers to-day,

SS eS
=_—————

BOER SYMPATHIZERS MEET, |

pan SICLEN SAYS THE BANKS ARD
wRAID TO TAKE A BOER FUND, |

Senred of London—Tella an Trish) Syinpa-
thiser Where to Buy a Boer Plag-Get-
ting Ready to Welcome Maude Gonne,
Who Has Been Discouraging Enlistment, |

Boor sympathizers among the Irish resi-
dentsotNew York met at the Morton House
yesterday in continuation of a meeting held
there on Tuesday of last week, to mako
further arrangements for the reception hero of
Miss Maude Gonne, the “Irish Joan of Are,” |
who is expected to arrive on Jan. 28, on La
Normandie, Between thirty and forty persons |
were present, including ning or ten Women, |
Patrick O'Brien, who preatded, said that Paul
Kriiger now had his foot on the neck of tho
Pritish Constitution and that it was the duty
of those present andthe people working with
themtohelp him to strangle it. Miss Gonne

through Treland, it was announeed, going
from village to village on this same
mission, and talking to such purpose that itis
impossible now, according to information re-
eecelved by Irishmen here, to induce any man |
in Ireland to enlist for service against the |
Boers, She has, it is said, sueceeded in eon- |
vincing Irishmen at home that they have no |
right to aid England in oppressing another |
people, In thiscountry she isto make a loec- |
turing tourof about a dozen principal cities, |
beginning in this city at the Academy of Musie |
on Veb. 4. The proceeds of her lectures are to |
ao tothe fund being raised for the widows and
orphans of Boers killed in battle with the
English, Comiusunications were read from
Chicago and Pawtucket, asking for dates for
lectures in those cities,

It was announced by the Ways and Means
Committee that financially the success of their
work was assured, What now was needed was
moral ald andenthusiasm, John O'Connor of
the committve said that it was a duty to atrike
England anywhere, and that the most effect>
ive time and place to strike her was now in
South Africa, Every time the Boers there had
made asmiling garden of a wilderness Eng
land had coveted it and had got it.

George W, Van Siclen, whose interest in the
cause the mecting represented, led him to give
$50 to the committee's fund, said that he was
very glad Miss Gonne was coming here

“There is a set of people in the United
Btates,” he said, “who call themselves Ameri-
cana, andthe way they toady to the English
just makes mo sick. They're going to wel.
eome publicly a woman who cast off her hus
bend and has been the toy of a prince, She'll
wavean American and a British flag I sup.
pose, and they'll welcome her. There is com-
ing here another woman, I haven't the honor
of knowing her, pure and good, who ought to
be welcomed. That's the kindof woman who
should be weleomed in this country and not
the other kind

“You would be surprised how many there are
{n this city slaves tothe British power. I went
tothe pre: ‘denvsor cashiers of twenty banks

and truest ¢ mpanies, al! personal friends of
mine for years, fo get them to take a fund pro-
viding forthe families of the Boer soldiers, of
whieh Lam treasurer ia this. country, so that
eontribntiona could be sent directly tot i
i

   

eee

They ought to stand upand be Ameriovns, itit
did hurtthem, Byt the fools! It wouldn't hurt
them, Why, | begin tothink Pra British sub-
ect

“But there are some American sympathizers
with the Boers with whom

 

you want to be
vatient fora while, forthey have been misin-
iormed, The English press under the influ-
ence of Jewish -peculators have been sending
over here all kinds of nonsense aboutthe Boers

for five or Bix years, So the American. people

who reid a great deal have been fooled by their
friends.”

   
 

Edward M. Cary said he wanted to get a Boer

 

flag to raise o Hulding he owns down

 

ver
townand Mr. Van Sielen told bim where to

buy one but added: You want to look out

Some Englishman will eome along and make

trouble,”

“Let himeome,” said Mr. Carey, “I'm not

afraid,’
Mr. Van Siclen said that the Boer fl

g hung
in his office

It waa announced that a committee will go

down the bay to take Miss Gonne off the

steameron Jan, 28 and that the aarvices ofthe
band

Weatchester Roman Catho Protectory

had been given gratuitously forthe lecture on

Feb, 4

 

VAUGHAN

AND TH? BOFR WAR,

The Cordinal Ordera Prayers for the British
Arms.

A war pastoral lately issued by Cardinal

Vaughan to his clergy in England is looked

i

at

be dee

f we are not mistaken, the

have quoted are Cardinal

hat contention, His Tint

mates, what y ourselves

|

|

|

 

upop asa defiance to the Furopean Catholic
nations that are antagonistic to England at the
presenttime. Tt is even sald by English Cath-
olics that the Cardinal has meant his pastoral
as areply tothe Osservatore Rovaaio, & journal
published in Rome. which is said to represent
the Vatican, aud which has been outspoken in
{ta opposition to Enuland. The Car-
dinal Vaughan’s pastoral that is looked upon as
meant especially for the Catholig enemies of
Eng and js aa follows:

“It is now a question of something mora
than what is lJawful, The question is, shall the
sritish Empire be allowed to fall to pieces by
and by want of determination and
answer ia, No, This empire
up by the same Providence
Roman Empire into existence,
the attain-

part of

 

supineness
self-denial? The
has been raised
that called tho
and as God
ment of His own divine purnosea of merey, so
does He seem to be using the other. In spite
of the blunders and committed by
mang of her sons in building up the empire,
the empire has made for peace, for liberty, for
lawandorder, Anempirea that has power to
establish these conditions, which are prelimin-
ary to the spread of Christianity, is possessed
of a great and sacred trust, pot to be sur-
renared uatilGod Himse f shall demand the
surrender, At the present eountlesa
millions in the Dark Cor depend for
their temporal and eternal salvation upon the
establishment of that reign of law whieh
usually follows British supremacy.”

The New F

used the one toward

crimes

moment
tinent

1a Catholionewspaper published
fa London, regards these words of the Cardinal
ash g@hly sianitieant, It say

“We commend this passage to the careful at-
tention of the editor of the
and of. those, Whoever the

behind him
votore

psservatore Romana
may beep who are
We have heen told by the (sser-
and by other Catholie paners in’ Rome
and elaewhere, that the dowintall of
Would mean the downtall of the gr
Protestant ower and should therefore
sired by Catholics. i
words whieh we
Vaughan's reply t
tiny int
have already pointes
j the aims of |
j Parely religious
wre cone

Vo

     

hngland
t

    

  
 

henee J
that
» are

ities

out more than ones,
Ish Catholes ua st
and tha
ro osimply
NW letwoen relig

   

When }
Pnalishmes
ous

red,
now how to

     
 

 

i vale'alt we have pot the least

f betr the fnatruments of

| intention vie
t }
any Htical sehehies by aay foreigners
| Whet atholies or not
}

   

It is helieved in wol! ‘inf rmed Catholie eir-

clea here that the war pastoralof Cardinal

 

 

 

        

 

Vaughan and the comments upon it as quoted
are intended as a notieetoth 4 hean authori. |
thea that theirorgan, the Osserratore Kamano, |
must he mate to cense its attueke upon Eng-
innd., Another siunificant thing ia the faet |
that the Cardinal, in another part of his pas.
ftoral, declares that the war with the Boera is |
| justifiable on Engl f and orders that |
| his clergy offer pray he succes@aaf they
| British artis. The tholie bishops of the
1 Tnited States, with one or two exceptions, did
not go sotiras that in the re war will I '
1 'Thoy m ve “Eopravers for penen The
J actionof Cartinal Vanehan, therefore, istooked
J vpon be fesomewhotun the oatureofa ehal-
| lenge to Pnglana’s Catholic enemi

Orange Soecietios to Aid the Boers,
OnaNnce, Nod, don, I-A meeting of dele. |
} gates from adozen Trish, German aud Italian
societies on the Oranges was held this afternoon

 

  
 

    

Studio HalLatwhieh it was decided toarrange
for) big mass meeting shortly to raise money
for sending uur Wrehefttothe Poers The
| meeting was calle the Well Tose Guards
aniabour' Wo hondre | representatives were
prosent Anunmiberof representatives ¢ Xpress.
edadesireto enist in the Boer Army anda

commitree was appointed to devise meang for
, sending men to South Africa

All people overeat on eome oceasions, The stands |
} ard remedy is Johnscou's Digestive Tablets 28 tane

THE SUN, MOND

} humber was

   

———

  

 

LAsT NIGH: CONCERT.

A More Serious Programme Than Usual at
the Metropolitan,

Last night's concert at the Metropolitan
Opera Houso took on a character more serious
than usual, Mme Sembrieh selected an aria
from Mozart's cuntata “Ll Ro Pastore,” Theodor
Bertram sang Lysiart’s prineipal number from
Weber's “Huryanthe,” and Arthur Friedheim
played Liszt's concerto in EF flat major, and
Emil Paur gave as the orchestra's share of the
programme three numbers by Beethoven and
others by Liszt and Tachaikowsky, Mr, Pried-
heim’s abilities a8 a player of Liszt are too
well known here toneed mention now, He was
never heard to better advantage than last night,
and while his playing was marked by great
refinement, he madeasplendid climax in the
last movement. He gave as his encore Liset’s
Sixth rhapsody, Mr, Bertram’s delivery of
the Weber aria displayed his excellent baritone
volee and bis evident faults in its management,
although his singing last night was adinirable
in most respects. He was heard also in a group
of songs by Sehumann, Steinbach and Lort-
zing. M. Dippelatter he bad sung the romance
from the first act of “Les Huguenots” in a style
that brought him an encore, gave Jy Quella
Jira and ballads by Tosti aud Wolf. Miss
Broadfcot in O Mio Fernando showed the pos-
session of an agrevable mezzo-soprano, y

Mime, Sembrich’s singing of “I! Re Pastore,
ain aria so difflcultin its revelation of the real
Mozart spirit that few singers atiempcit now
adays, was a delight. Such a beautiful, sus-
tained tone, such exquisite phrasing and such
musicianship are met with inno other singer,
Mozart rarely appeals to popular audiences,
Jast night there had tobe anencore, Iteame
inthe a ape ot’ Por Gloria’ by Buononeini and
the stories of frinous singers of olden times
Were easily cred Sle. In the flnal aria, from
Meverteer'’s “L'itolladu Nord” with its tech-
nical diMeultiea, Mme. Sembrich revealed her
mastery of another phrase of her art. The
with wonderful certainty

 

     

 

 

 

ris
ven

   

and reality of tone, After that came no release
for the singer until “Ah non Grenge” and
Bratms's “Vergebliches Staendehen” were

added to her triumph.

 

WHFELS CRUSH IN A

Dead Boy's Parents Could Only Afford a
Buggy Funeral and the Horse Ran Away,

COFFIN,

Leo Harris, two years old, died in Bellevue
Hospital last Saturday of Jung trouble, His
father, Abruham Harris, of 426 First avenue,
was notified, and he engaged Israe) Wenner,
an undertaker of 155 Rivington street, to bury
the body. Wenner ealled at the ho«pital ves-
terday ina bugey. He placed the ehtid’s body
fnavine box, which he nut in the buggy, ine
tending to take it to Washington Cemetery,
Stuiten Island. Harris and his wife could not
afford a conch to take them to the cemetery, 80
they went to Bellevue to witness the removal
of the boty,

Just betore the buggy and ite load started
the horse became frightened and ran away,
The cofln was thrown out and the wheels of
the buggy passed over it, smashing inthe top,
Harris and his wife were almost beside them-
Another coffin was procured and the
queer fyneral proceeded.

 

}
selyas

 

OF MUSIC

NOTES EVENTS,

 

The fifth week oft
Opera Hou “night with a performance
of ‘Die Walkuere’ in Mme, Kames
willaing Svglinds forthe first time durins the pres-
entseason, Other roles will be given by Mines. Nor-
Schumann: Heiok, Van Cauteren, Bauermeister,
Olitaka, Pevuny, Kellogg and = Broadfoot and
MV. Van Dyek, Pringle and Van Rooy. Emil Paur
will conduct, On Wednesda M. Saleva
eng Feus’ for the firat time here this season
with MM. Plangon, Scotti and Meux and Mines, Calve,
Mantelli and Bauermetster, Stig. Mancinelli will
con iuct. On Friday evening ‘Aida’ will be sung by
Mmes, Eames, Mantelli and Bauermetster and MM,
Alvarez, Scotti, Plancon, Pringle and Vann, M.
Van Dyck will be heard for the first tine this season

  

»will beygint

which kmma

 

evening

 

will

 

  
    

atthe matinee as Zodragrin to the Elsaof Mme.
Nordica, Others tn the cast will be Mme, Schu-
mnonn-Heink and MM. Bertram, Edouard de Reszke
and Mullane. On Saturday evening “Pagitacci"
will be given for the tirst time in two ara by MM.
Salign Mulimann, Bars aud Scotti and Mme
Sazanne Adams “Cavalleria Rustieana,”’ with

Mmoes, Calvo, Ranermeister and Broadfoot and MM,
Dufriche and Dippel will follow, Sig. Bevignani
will conduct.

The Boston Symphony Orchestra will be heard at

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

Carnegie Hall on Wednesday afternoon and Thur
day evening. Luawig Preitner will be the aoloiat
at the first con and Mme, Schumann-Heink g
the @ nd, Wilhelm Gertcke will of conrse con-
duet. The fall pr whtes follows:
EDNESDAY ARTERNOON
Rubin Golkimark Overoire, ‘Hiawatha’ (Mea,
st tim
Fdward Schuett. Ce erto for Piancforte in FP
inor, No, 2
M, Previner
Riumsky Korsako f symphonios Scherhbera-
vade,' Op
! The Sea 1] Sinbed's Ship
Il, The Story of the ¢ nider-Prince,
MI 5 f the Young Prince aud the Young
! ‘
IV, Festivalat Bogdad thes ig ofSinbad'aShip,
TUURSDAY CVENING
ms Tragiv Overture
Avi Mme. Sehumann-Heink
Mority Moszkow ki To Movements from Suite

No. Lin F major, Op. 89,
Symphony in D minor,

Cesar Franck

M. Preitner, who makes his first appearance on
Wernesday, was rnin Trieste and at an early age
wentto Milan to begin his musical studies, as there
was no conservatory in his native town, Hans Von
Buelow heard hi wihilehe was a student there, and
at his sugvestion M. Breitner went to Vienna and

began aptupilat the Rubinstein was
then the divector ant after a short time he became
M. Brritner three years he studied
with him, Ue atterward to Liszt. He played
under Rubinustein’s direction at St, Petersburg, and
the gre ympos.tion was dedicated to
him, M. Broitner has appeared in
all the principal Kuropean cities, and durivg recent

yneervatory

sinstructor, F
went

at pianiat’s bast

Since that tim

years has been t 1 of chiefly in Paris, He
foun led there the Pati nonie Society. Avother

strangerto Boston Syimphony programmes is Rubin

 

 

 

 

Goldmark, Whose composition, “Hiawatha,” will be
played for the fist ume, He is @ nephew of
Karl Goldmark and was born in New York
on August 15, 1872. He received hia education at
the College of the City of New York, which he lefé at
the aceof 17, While in lleoo he strdied music
under Alfred von Livonius, Two years were passed
in Vienna inatiudying the piano with Anton Door,
and theory andcomposition with the Fuchs brother
Ou returning to Amereca, Goldmark died the
pano with doses and composition with Dvorak
In 1kH4, on necount of his health, he went to
Colo:ado Springs where he isat prosent the director
of the Conservatory iu ng other com-
positions are a trio for piano, violin and ‘vello,@
sonata for pano and violin, a roma for ‘cello,
anda theme and variations for orchestra, played by

 

 

the late Anton Seill

contuct an orchestra of sixty
ue atthe Waldorf.
snd Hope, a

dlin i807, will

Henry Hadiey will
hisiclans in his own «
Astorinon Tuesday evening. ‘ Youth
eciophony played first by Anton Se
Ve the prine. pal number on the programme, which
will Iude a group of songs to be given by
David B altition to Mr, Hotley's own
ompoaitiong, the orchestra will play the overture to
Meistersinger,”” and two movements from
Moskowsk!'s suite On the same eveonihe Ethel

posits

spha In

"Die

 

 

Neweomb will be beard in a piano recital at Men
delssolin Hall, §) IH plas numbers by Ramean,
Peethoven, Bach Movart, Dralims, Chopin, Seha
mann, Liazt, Rubinstein, Poidin Schuet! and
Leschtizhy. On Tiesday afternoon Marie Potwvir
and Clara Kaliaher will be beard ree tal at
the Waldorf. Astoria Mark Hambourg will as-
sist the New York String Quartette at its second
conerri, to he given n Thursday evening at
Knabe Hall) Hewill play the piano part in Baint
Sarns’s ‘uartette, opus 41, Mrs, Grenville Snell
ige¢ will be heard next Monday afternoon at
Mendelssotin Ball ia songe by Panre and Sinding

 

 

 

 

' that bave not been sung here be ove Ignace Pade
rewshiisto be beard in recital at sherry’s a week
from t orrow fternoon with tie A 1 woki
Quartette, The great | plinsst will alge be

| heard in solo numioera by Kublostein, Sebumann,
Chopin and Liszt Mine, S7tinowska a Juiian
Waiker willbe soi. «te ateub epient concerte by th

| quartette to be yiveu in 4 hous David
HBisphacn will be heard ed provramme a
wee om neat Thursday nisl Lil of the songs
in his repertoive Were submitted, and the fifteen re
ceiving the Ligh at mumber of were select
t Persy Aversil will give # recital at Mendels
sobn Hall a wre from Tuesday afternoon
Mine. Go leki will be the soloist a othe Arst eon

r f the Dach Society Mr. Heiderson will
Jeture at the second tection“ of the ryranivation

The Floral Art Society tinder the dire

tion of James Dow with wive rt in Asso
ciation Hallon Thureda Cornelius, Rhein
berger, Vittoria, Dubois and Meyerbeer are among
the composers represented on the programme, The
Boston Symphony Vrchestra wit be Leard on next
Saturday evening at the Brooklyn Academy of Music,

1 Brooklyn,

its vrie

  

vening

18 season at the Metropolitan |

r, JANUARY 15, 1900.

SS Se a

1 "N

 

THE STAGE IN EUROPE,

NOTLS OF THE FOR
TUE NIW thays

IN ACTIONS AND
ACTER,

 

Rejane's Diary of Her Recent Trip-
Meetings With Continental b
Agnes Sorma's Appearance in Paris
The English Stage tind Actors Now,

  

Gabriel Réjane has returned to Paris frow
her tourthrough the prineipal Buropenn cities,

and one of the newspapers has published parts |

ofthe diary she kept on the trip. It
cially interesting as it shows tho lack of prey
udlee existing against Freneh players on the
bartof the Emperor William of Germany, who
showed her especial attention, and ordered a
speciil performance of “Mme. Sans Goae" at
the Royal Thoatre in Berlin, In Spain she was
received with equal cordiality by the Queen,
and she delivered a number of monclogues
before the court, Later she acted “Lolotte,”
and her stage manager was a person no less
distinguished than the Infanta Isabelle, the
King’s aunt. She was received In Lisbon by
the Queen, who watched her performance from
the stage asthe King was not in Portugalat
the time, and it was not in accordance with
royal etiquette for her to occupy the royal box
in his absence. Sarah Bernhardt has recently
revived’at her Paris theatre “Camille,” in whieh
she has returned to the costume of the present
day in place of that worn at the time the drama
was written, Agnes Sorma dispensed with the
services of the regular claque when she played
ora”? at the Renaissance in Paris, and for
that reason the enthusiastic manner in which
she was received is considered more signifl+
eantthan it would havo been under ordinury
elreumstances, Her first appearniuce seems to
have been a success with no tail of prejudica
inthe reviews of her works, although it can
with equal truth be said that the note of
enthusiasm was also lacking. In Germany

is @Pspe-

   

this appearance of the actress in Patle
is regarded as the beginning of a new
epoch, and the incident has been very

widely discussed {n its bearing on the rela-
tions between thetwo countries. The French
impresario interested in the foundation of a
permanent French theatre in Berlin has never-
theless given up the project as hopeless for
the present. Christmas Eve, which tsa niet
dreaded by the New York theatrical mana.
gers, always means large audiences for the
Paris theatres. More than $20,000 was taken
by the seven principal playhouses on that
evening. “Robinson Crusoe,” with $2,259
headed the list. It enjoyed a matin‘e that
represented more than $2,650, Among the
music halls, the highest receipts of the evens

ing wentto Foliea Bergére, where $2,000 was
the sum ofthe receipts, The dispute between
Bisson and Lecocg as tothe authorship of the
farce cited here as “On and Off,” has finally

gotten into the courte, Leeoeq claimed that
the famous farce writer had taken it from a

play he submitted to him
and said there was no resemblance between
them, The Society of French Dramatic Av-
thors decided merely that the plays were very
much alike and declined (o go any further into
the question. Now Lecoeq has brought sult
in the civil courts to recover a part of the roy.
alties. Loie Fuller finds it tele to protect
the secrets of her electric anparatua from dis-
covery. A Paris music hall in which she re.
fused to appear because the salary offered was
too small, has just put forward another dancer
in her place with light effects declared to be the
same as hers,

Bisson denied that

Kyrle Bellew is going to act in Australia.
Kate Rorke, who played here with Beerbohm
Tree, is to produce in London a play by the
overrated Echegaray called "The Sin That
Cleanses.” Mrs, Patrick Campbell is soon to
be seen in the same author's “Mariana,”
Loie Fuller is acting Puck in Peerbohm
Tree'a revival of “A Midsummer Night's
Dream.” She has played the role before,
Grace Palotta, Maud Hobson and Violet Lloyd,
all well known here, are to have important
parts in “The Messenger Girl” whon that new
farce is acted at the Gaiety. EF. J, Lonnen,
who has not acted there in years, will also be a
member of the company

Richard Mansfield |

 

has bought for use here the Spanish version of |

“Don Juan’ prepared by Herman Merivale for
Martin Harvey. Charles Wyndham isto act
in “The Crosaders,” which was sucha failure
on its original production in IS@l that Henry
Arthur Jones, the author immediately retired

from theatrical management on which ha
had embarked with this play, Owen Hail,
author ot the most suceessful Galety musical

farces, has settled his differences with Cieorge
Fdwards and will write the next pieeeol this
kind needed at that theatre Twoof Whishaw’s
novela of Russian life have recently been made
into playa. Beerbohm Tree may apnear in tha
version of that one called “A Boyar of the Ter.
rible “The Greatest Puritan” fa the title of
the Cromwe!! play written by Arthur Paterson,
|

 

 

The play enda after the battle of rston
Moor. One ofits episotes shows how capabe
of great compassion Cromwell could be under

    

certain circumstances. His mother and daugh-
ter are charactersin the action. Louis Parker
has now written “a masque” called “Penea
and War,” which is to be given for the beneflt
of the war fund, to music written by
Hamish MeCunn. "The Wire Waiker,” in
which Edna May will anpear in London next
April, ia said to be a new version of the eomie
opera by Kerker and Morton, known tormerly
as "An American Beauty,” Some of the Amer-
Jean menibers of the chorus which had been
singing in “The Belle of New York" remained
in London toappear with De Wolfe Hopper

Some English investigator has discovered that
actora have a patron saint who was an aetor in
the days of Diocletian and won his place by
poclaiming before a heathen audience his be-
iefin Christianity. Me was put to death and
formany years afterward was eonsiteread hy
Christian actors as their patron saint when.
ever they happene! to think of the subject at
all. His name was Genetus,

ALVAREZ TO STAY LOVGER HPRE,

 

  

 

The French Tenor'’s Leave of Absence From
the Grand Opera Extended to Feb, 19,

M. Alvarez, the French tenor, yesterday ree
ceived a cable despatch from the director of
the grand opera at Varis extending his leave
of abseneain this country two weeks. M. Al-
varez was to have left New York on Jan. v4,
but at the solicitation of Mr. Grau he wired to
Paris foras inuch more time as could be ob-
tained, Tho reply received yesterday said that

he must be in Paris by Feb. Wtosing Moneo
on that date, and Alvarez was advised to study
“Patrie,” the opera by Sardou and Paladiihe in
which Alvarez will sing Aarloo

Alvarez expressed a great delight over tha
receipt of the despatch, “L am more than
pleased with the results of my American trip.’

 

 

 

he anid. vestertay afternoon, “The app .
thea Thave received from New York audiences
has been tar in exeeas op imy fondest exneeta.
tions, They could not have acecorde La warmer
reception toa favorite of their own. unt thee

   

have mate me feel very much at bome, Tah

always be wratefal to them ad [Toam. very
happy that Ihave secured the privilege to serve
them further than Dexpected this season.”

Thentrieal Notes,

William A, Brady announced last night that
owing to the fact that Edwin Knowles bad t
unable to postpone the out-of-town dates for
"Three Little Lambs.’ whichis now running
atthe Fifth Avenue Theitre, that show would
be withdrawn on Saturday, Feb. 3,

  

On Feb, SO Mr, Brady willproducethere "The
Countess Chiffon.’ an laptation from the
Trenev by Harry St. Mour. The play can have
buta brief run there, as Mine, Modijeska will
shortly begin an engagement nt the tt

Miss Grrace George will play the tithe rok
ofa young American girl edueated in
whoae marriage toa titted Prenehman is
duetive of domestic complications. It is
star purt, the rest of the cast will be a
nounced in a few days.

PATERSOS,

   

THREE-CENT RIDIS IN

To Be Given by an Automobile Competitor

 

 

 

 

of Trolley Lines,

Paterson, N. J... Jan. 14.- The Union Transit
Company, ineorporated on Saturday, will apply
to the Board of Aldermen to-morrow nights
afranchise to carey ot euworsint! y
three-eent fares. The company proposes to
run sutomobil omnibuses over routes
in many cases almos lentien! with tk
ol the trolley) company It will ask
an exelusive tranchise Many persons sa
there can be no exclusive traueliise ol) the
gort, ae any one mavyirin a putaie velhtele
by paving acertain treser lee
One ot the chiet features of the now «
application will be apromise to payer
out of its gross receipta 2% per '
ot the first (lve years andeo perecnt
year thereafter The bane wil

 

 

bever to ask the ory les ' Wing bony
George White of New York and Esaae a, Hal
Paterson furnished 87000 of the Shoo,
maid in capital of the concern. ‘Thee
boa the right to build all sorts ol automon)
pnd ia helieved ‘o he identified with the United
Btates)Motor Mobile Company, the certificate
of ine preven of which was filed with the
Count™#Clerk ow Friday.

 
 

 

 
  
    

dll (f)
Ha by

A. Brooklyn drummer suffered from_bil-
lousness, constipation and loss of appetite.
He noticed that his brother drummers used
Ripans Tabules, and tried one. It did him
good and now he takes them regularly.
“My bowels are regular,” he says; “1 have
no bad headaches, I have a clean mouth and
a good breath in ghe morning.”

WANTED —\ case of bad health that R-L-P A-N-S will not beneft. Ther banish pain and pro
Jong fe. One yives relief, Notethe word R-LP-A-N-S on the packave and accept no substitute,
R-1-P-A-N-S, 10 for Scents, may be had atany drugstore. Ten samples and one thousand testy
monials will be mailed to any address for 6 ceuts. forwarded to the Ripans Chemical Co, No. i)

Spruce St. New York,
and our reputation

W E A S SE R T, of nearly a half cen-

tury standing goes with what we say, that the best
and finest Whiskies are produced by the HAND.
MADE SOUR MASIL PROCESS.

ILD CROW YE

is made that way, and is positively the highest type
It has never been equalled,

H.B. Kirk & CO.,‘#eresine

 

 

 
   
    
   
     
  

  

Reig TeAtO

Belarc aportto Juer oe

youn CROW;
\

=

RYE

Sei bis wh Ue Sa

   

 
   

TIP OF HER NOSE SLICED OFF, | BACK TO BROADWAY FROM LONDON,

Mra, Heyman Repulsed Bamo and He At-
tacked Her With a Kulfe, |
|

Singers in Musical Farce Home With ‘The
Belle of New York,"’

The survivors of the hardy band that, two
years ago, attempted to transplant New York
| musical farce to London and met with such
unexpected success there, returned yester-
day on the St. Paul. Some of the first group
to go over had already returned. Among those
were Dan Daly, Phyllis Rankin and Harry
Davenport. Yesterday Edna May, Merri Os-
borne, George Fortescue and George Schiller
were among the more prominent of the ree
turning players. A delegation of th» chorus

also came_ back, but some of the 1,;embers
stayedin London to join De Wolf Hopper,

 

Mra. Mary Heyman of 28 St. Mark's place,
had what was left of her nose covered with
court praster when she appeared in the York-
ville police court yesterday and charged Sal-
vatore Bamo with slashing her with ashoe- |
maker's knife on Saturday night, The Italian |
had a shoemaker's shop across the street from
where she lived, the woman told Magistrate |
Brann, and for the past month had ¢reatly |
frightened her by following her and try!ng to

make love to her, She gave him no encourage. )
ment in his love making, she said, and when
he persiste [she told her husband, who advised

  

her to have the man arrested _| Who is now the principal representative of
The shoemaker followed her on Saturday | American musical Famer le the Engiish capie
night when she went to the grocery store, the | tal,
woman ssid. and spo'e to her, She hurried There was an enthusiastic group at the pier
along and in Bast Sixth street the man at- to meet the arrivals. Some of these had
tacked her with the knife. The blow cut | ¢hanges in important particulare. Edna May
through her shaw! without doing her injury who hadonly been out of the chorus afew
and she hurled her market basket in his fee. | months, when the company sailed and was con-
and shouted “Murder Help The second | tent then to travel in one stateroom with one of
sweep [ror ie, however, caught ber on) the other women, returned in as much luxury

the
{

    

  

the nose at iced off the tip, Bystan ler | ag aprimadonna. She came back in the most
gathered a . but Ww nfr of the shoe | expensive quartera on the ship, Rumor has it
maker's knife and did not jotertere ; thut she brought with her jewels to the value

The woman succeeded ind ne the man’s | of many thousands of dollure. which the
knife, after getting her no it cuntil poliee= ) nsually undemoustrative English pubiie is

sted her assailont

  

man Krause ran tp and arr said to have showered on her as an evidence of

 

 

  

  

The Magistrate held him da P1G00 ball for) its” appreciation. Miss | May, who_ has
trial | heen aveking @ divorcee from Fred Titus,
. : the bievele rider, wince she went

MARINE INTELLIGENC!, to London, will ifreports of her intentions be

euane aia true, Soop retern ve England ” piarty A jaan

‘asinwe SAC—THIS DAVY. | of title tis atall events settled that ahe is to

aan pee mi a vag ng | BO back there in April. She will appear ina

Sun rises 7:22 | Sun aete..4:6 ON Theem ne new comie opera to be called “The Wira-
HIGH WATER=THIS DAY, walker.” Betore that she woising with some

Pandy Book 748) Hell Gate, weet | of her old associates in “Tha Belle of New

716) Qov. ld :
a“ | York” at the Castno

Arrived—Svcspay, Jan. 14 | - i aaa
Bs Ht, Pani, Jamison, Bouthampion, 40. 6 Training Naval Firemen on Torpedo Boats

    
    

te La cascoune, Stiion, Havre, dan. 8 - ‘ c

» Powhatas Waenden, Venicv, Jan d, Norponk, Va., Jan, 14.-The Navy Depart-
Se eee eo eee Bacgmaribn, Dee, 21. ment isusing torpedo boats for training fremen
Ss Bencen, Henrikeen, Havana, Jan, 8 forthe navy, Experiments made here on the
Bea Aragonia. Jansen, Aniverp, Dec, 40 torpedo boat Porter, Lieut. Gillis com munding
Ks Ravendale, O'Connell, Progreso, Jan are sail to have proved successful. The sma

82 KE) Norte, Gardner, New O us, Jan, lireroom aboard this elses of vessel makes

 

fe Comanche, Pennington, Jacksons ile, dan, 10
Se Jefferson, Dole, Norfolk, Jan. 14

Sa Nacoochee, Smith
Bs Florida, Alle. Brunawi
Hark Maric, Brandis Bo

firing exceedingly arduous work end it ia held
thata fireman who can stand the work on @&
torpedo boat has shown that he ja itted for
service on the larger ships of the navy

ay

Savanah, Jan. 12
Jan. a4,
mx, Dee. 10,

 
  

   

 

 

    

   
    

   

 

 

 

|
|
Bark Kenyon, Prideaus, Zu .
Business Motires.
ARRIVID OT
Se Germanic, fram New York, at Qn -enstawn, | Tor a tente for nervons and dvepentioa
Ss Werra, from Now ¥ 1 } people nothing @yuals Anvostura Bitters. Geouine=
Dr. Siegert s-imiported from South America
SAILED FROM PORFIGN Ports al o. J
&a Campania. from Queenstown for New York Ip *
sa haiser Wille lm ID, from Napics tor New York nana
| ARMSTRONG, \t her residence, 140 Wet
OUT LOIN STREAMSHIPS, | ith st Now York, on Jan 3 lune Fn el
Sas To morrow, | ine Antoinette wife of Collin Arinstrong
Maile Clave Weevel Sai's, rhtr of Ophella Poe !
Meee Riana OO A at si 00 ue | and datght ¢ Ophelia Peck and the late
Comanche, Charleston oPM I 1 onacd Hessof New Orleans, La
FE) Vaso Now Orl 800 PM Funeral private. New Orleans, La., and Schoharie,
An > Fn 4 MRS 10 aM 1 wen | N.Y., papers plense copy,
. nun “ ( 7 p 21
Roman vrinee, Kio danes 101M teorM | PREARSALEL,- sodecnly, on Jan. t4, 1900, Daniel
Haraid, Hayts loo PM 100M 1. Pearaall
a nk Ps = iia ; ‘4 Not ce of funeral hereafter,
t Pan, Southampton 90 1OOO AM |
Aetorin, Glaagow hoo AM er | PERRENOUD,. Suddenty, Dec. $0, 1800, Gas
Ara oni Antwerp OPO AM  yooomM | tae PF. Porvenciid
eaten, Hasan 1ourPM goo Py
aM rr Mull 7 PM j Funeral fiom oll Trinity Church, Wall etreet, at
Comel, Galveston vou PM | u Monday, Jan. 1%, 1900, Interment Green-
Allianga, Colon HAM roopw | co
Benedict, Barvados vOoAM ' AM |
V. Stransport 80AM 1200M RERVE.—On Jan 13, 1809, at Nowark, No J,
Sout Thursday, Jan, Inlet. widow of Zadock Reeve, aged 64 vears
Ls Gasouge iar ve ; a8 r OO AM I nd tO montha
bed edd Reece i * .e } Fineralserviess from her late residence, 45 Brow
hi) Mar, New Orleans opM st n fuesday.,att P.M. Relatives and fricnus
ire invited to attend,
’ SPRAMAMIDS
Dw ‘ SEARLS. -At Brooklyn, Conn. hia mati town,
Clematia bibreltar n Thored Jan. 11,1000, William Searls, in his
it : mm De j roti year For many years a resident of Clinton
Panama if fila Ih aventte Brooklyn, N.Y
Theta \ Mi niles Di : Firnera + lvvehome, Monday, the 15th inst,
Asior ‘ 2 H atl
Bi eet mW alee De ' SHARPE. At the residence of his son-in-law, 31
hh { ba us '
tity of Max ! i I thet, intha@ote,onds 1 Oo, Gore
i Soe m pire He ry ! H Sharpe, Bvt. Majorino US. Y
kK bg Bledayt SS ttawian af / Punecal services at his late home in Kingst N.¥.5
want 4 . Hamiiing \ \ mn Tuesday, Jan, 16, 1000,at0 P.M,
tipnesde " ‘ I
Antila Nas nu. i, i, , METH. In thiacity, and , on Sonday, Jan
7 , 14 1900, in ti of tin age, Chacies
Lriestand \r ' ih, Jr, son e Charles and Ano
; sterdamn : ‘ Hannah Saatth
tat sate ise tlh _ *{  Fonesat at Chapel of Phillips Presbyterian
he > Courch, 731 =. and Mad iav.,, on Tneslay
Ciwlme N Jan at " ag. Jan, 1, 1900, at TO o'clock
! a |
Cueani ' SNEDE. OR. On Sanday, Jan, 14, 1000, Adeline,
Gevi 1 Nah sife ofthe lite Obe hai Snedecor
Advan e ‘ M6 > Pris Jeervices on Tues ‘ay, Jan. 14, 100, at )
1 i “ ‘ le P. ad. att resid © of her sonunvaw, A &
ur FR South, West Islip, L
n ian ‘ eee
. tar Jan 4 | SWE9. Suddenty,ou dan, 14. 100, Clara C.,
( t ton 44 beloved wife of Martu DL Wily. aun the bl
tes jh | sear of or mae
buls ’ Jan. ao | I eralfrom the res donee of her fatl iu
Cura Inn te Cabivan, $°d st and Avenne DD Bayon .
ch wedra j Wedsesday imorniug, Ja ha a
Neve . 3. He - a et beck | Savannah pepers pleare «
are a Hes ti CYPRESS MLDS CEMiEGI
; seal Bess ALis MEGERG,
' ” Office, 2 Moalison av., corner thd Ste sy.
Lavery iw || a A EE
nw ao POut aii ptm van. 1s : e F
Bava Katine... Jan. New Publications,
AM Ate ano - a wd
Bicentanr........ Olbralvar Jan. nw | moc * a
x z : see. AC.—Parwin's “Origi hpecie i) ace
BVM. iseee reer ee erer se NCW OCs eees date 1g | 60 of Man,” Core gin of Species, coms

 

Reefs.’ PRAVLA ISD Olt