ANOTHER BALL CLUB HERE?

OcIATION MEN SAY THEY Hava
SECURED GROUNDS,

 

Ass

Now Moving on Baltimore to Induce
MteGraw to Jump-The League Magnates
stil scheming and Also Worrying Over
the War Clouds That Wil Not Disappear,

Inapite {the silence of the League baso-
ball nen, Who are trying toreduce the circuit
so eight clube, it was learned by a reporter of
Tue 5 yesterday that matters are not pros
gressing any more smoothly than was the caso
, week OF 80 AKO, Because of a conference
hold the other day at Indianapolis by John T,
Brush, rman of the League's Cireuit Com.
mittee: I’, T. Powers, President of the Eastern
Teague, and Ban Johnson, President of the
(merican (Western League, the impression
prevails that the way ia being paved for the or.
a ron of three Leagues, In accordance
with the pet scheme of James A, Hart, Prosi-
tent of ‘he Chicago olub, It is reasoned out

that rush would not call a conference of this
{od excent for two urgent causes, First, that
the Circuit Committee feels sure of making
aqtisfuctory terms with the owners of the Bal-
more, Washington, Cleveland and Loutsville
second, that something must be done
oY the new American Association move-

stubs
to ki

ment

Outofthe muddle that has provailed ever
ence Freedman madea number of the mag-
nates throw up thelr hands, the situation has
narrowed down to @ Aight for existence on the

fthe American Association, a determi.

part
nation on the partof the National League to
establish & more complete monopoly of the

gamo than ever before, while the minor
yea are waiting to see what will result
» the general scheming.

Whetherthe Baltimore club has agreed to
sell its franchise and dispose of its players a
part of the scheme to reduce the circuit or not,
‘a a matter for conjecture, H. R, Von der

  

Horst, who controls nearly half of the
stock ‘n that club, {9 in town and
delarea that if he has his way the

re club will remain in the blg League
on ifa ten-club cfrouit fs established, If this
turnsoutto be the arrangement before the
season begins tho New York club will be in
such poor shape that another losing schedule
mar be looked for. Many persons think that
Von der Horst, who does not belleve in the

perpetuation of Freedmanism, would like to
gee one taore year of empty benches at the
Polo Grounds, There is much. bitter feeling
between Yon der Horst and Freedman, the
former having resented an insult, it {s sald, at
the Waldorl-Astorla a short time ago, hen
the Wrigley fine was paid without the consent
Von der Horst the jatter ry, quoted as
saying that he would block the Leagne ite
atten pt to get rid of Baltimore. Von der Horst
takes a pride in having that city represented
League, and !n making a Agate he ts
mereiy following out the wishes of j 6 Balti-
more public, which ts not anxlous for minor
League ball,

* nder Horst has had several conferences
with Abell, his finanotal partner, but what they
have talked about cannot be learned. Abell
feclared yesterday that he had net heard a
word from the Cireult Committees and did not
know when to expect a notice to talk business,
Considerable blame ts attached to tne com mit-
tee for its dilatory tactics. The public demands
a reduction of the circuit, and it has be@n often
asserted by several of the magnates that the
whole business can be transacted In forty-
eight hours if scheming is laid aside for legiti-
mate and liberal methods. St -

The action of the New American Association
romoters in leasing Charles River Park in
suston was a big surprise Gnd possibly served
asa block forthe time being. Kut the Leagu
men believe that ifthey can build upa Nationa
circuit, to comprise twenty-four clubs divided
into. three sections, the mee powerrul
of whigh will comprise Boston, Brooklyn, New
York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Cincinnati, Pitts.
burg and St. Louls, there. will be no territery
leitforthe Assoclation, Tn other words the
League does not care to let outsiders into the
game which they have controlled and misman-
aged forsolong. By. turning over Washing-
ton, Baltimore and the right to have another
elubin Philadelphia. to the Eastern League,
while the American League can take in
ville and Cleveland in the West, the efreuit
achemers feel Anite sure that opposition from
any quarter will not amount to much,

President Harry D, Quinn of the American
Association makés & positive statement that
the organization established clubs in seven
gities, namely: Chicago, St. Louta, Milwaukee,
Detroit, Bostop, Philadelphia and New York.
It is said that Baltimore is wanted to complete
the circuit and that the promoters of the new
association will try to induce McGraw, Robin-
son and the other players to desert the owners
ff the Baltimore club, They also declare
that Anson will visit Baltimor this
week and have a talk with MoeGraw.
Tne idea is to ral backing enguah
to build new grounds Baltimore and go
ahead with the present team of aare, nthe As-
soclation instead of the League. McGraw is
quoted as saying that if he could receive assur-
ance thatthe newassoctation has moneyed men
behind it he would jump the League reserva
rule and join the movement, which wonld be a
signal for other League players to follow his
example

Tak of establishing another club in thie city
topay inthe American Association has been
laughed at_ by Freedman, whose N x ork
elub holds both the ° Grosads 90 an-
hattan Field. But in #fite of this, {information
comes to THE SUN that a former League man-
agea, well known for his hustling ability, haa
wen working here secretly for two or three
months past in an effort to raise the neces-
sary funds to start the Association hall
rolling, It 1s also sald that this man,
whose name is not published by request,

Baltini

 

n tha

 

but which will bo made known at the
proper time, has secured an option on grounds
coated within afew minates’ walk of one of

the Third avenue elevated railroad atationa,
Trom what can be learned the grounds are

nS

Louls: |

norh of the Third avenue bridge crossing the |

Harlem River, bat are fully_a mile nearer the
City Hall than the Polo Grouuds. It 's also
stated that the new club will be backed by
wel-known politicians
their sporting proclivities and that they will be
helped along by a big brewery and a land com-
pany.

A rceting of the Association will be called in
a few days, it is aald, to be held inthis eity,
when all detaile wil! be mado public, [f the
organization can make good, few persons he-
lieve that it will lack public support ae baae-
al! “fans” who support the game have be-
come diagusted with the men who have, aa so-
‘al\'al magnates, dragged the game into the

 

“Theefforts of the League to stamp ont tho
\a at
interesting spectacle, President Young ets
the cat out ofthe bag with athreat that players

| opposed to
who are known for.

GOL,

 

W. B. Thomas the Unanimous Choice for
Re-Election aa the U.S, G. A. President,

Tn thecircular to be sent out shortly by the
Executive Committee of the U.8, G. A. an
nouncing the wishes of the associate clubs ree
garding the championships and generally
forecasting the business to be brought up bee
fore the annual meettug, it is likely that the
nominations for offleera during the coming
yeur will bo appended. The bulk of the work
in the management of the U.S. G, A, is done
by President W. b. Thomas and BR. B. Kerr,
the Seeretary, both of whom wil!l be unani-
mously reclected unless elther puts in an abs
solute refusal to remain in oMee. This, how-
ever, ig not expected, nor would {t be a good
move for the game should either of the two de-
cline to again puton the harness, Kerr, after
three years ofservice, has his work so systems
atized that the best results are always obtain-
able at the minimum of friction, while Thomas,
who has been in office only one year, has
shown thoroughly that he not only has good
ideas for the game, but also the painstaking Ine
dustry to carry them out to the best advantage.
The declaration of principles made by Thomas
in his Inaugural address has been followed out
closely, and particularly in the development
of subsidiary associations to the national
league.

A golf driver with a split bamboo shaft is at
last on the market. The shaft aeems some-
what heavier than an ordinary one of hickory,
and while atiff, ithas the spring in the right
place, justabove the heal. The grip {is made
round by the wrapping, the shaft otherwite be
ing octangular. Another new driver is the
eplit-socket, the head being caught by a
v-shaped splitin the shaftand made unbrenk-
able by a short binding. The club has the
clean, thin lines of the one-piece driver, but ex-
cels It in strength and «pring, while it has the

further advantage that the head'may be easily
changed, to sult individual ideas regarding the
sort of wood or the shape. Still another new
club {s A patent utter, the face being ont
away aothatthe effect is somephing like ut
ting with the back of a lofter. Tha line ofthe
olub-face hits the ball just above the centre, or
half-topping it, the effect baing to give itthe
forwar twist known tn billiards as the “follow
cut,

 

The Nassau Country Olub hag applied for are
ancient membership inthe U.S. G, A., not ba-
cause {t hasany championship plans for thie
eason, but only because the orgunlrat on be-
feves that its heavy investments {n the oanes
of golf should entitle it toa vote at the anno
meeting. The position {s recognized by the U,
8. G, A. committes, for {twill always admit to
the assocljate ranks aclub of the first clase in
links and buildings. The only new feature o
the championship situation is that the gol
club of Lakewood mag ask for the open oham-
plonship, The courea is one that professionals
would make low scores on, and, if selected, the
eveat, would be held very early !n the spring or
else late in the fall, Shonld the open go 9
Lakewood, the amateur to Garden | 1M a
women’ac amponshio to Shinnecock Hills or
Baltusrol, Re M, G. A. plavers for the first
time wou'd not have to travel, Thea M.G.A
open tournament season, so far as the eneral
attendance goes, will be@in at Aftiantio City
uring Easter week, which will be followed by
the Lakewood and the M. G. A. championship
tournaments, ae

Sr. Avavettne, Jan. 14.—An_ eighteen-hole
bogie competition played yesterday on the
Country Clab links opened a series of tonrna-
ments to be played here during this month and
next here were twenty ontrias, buta fow
failed to turn inocards. A, M. Taylor won the
cup. The scores:

A.M. Taylor. 1 up; C, M. Miller, Monnt Pleasant
Club. N, Ht. ® Aown; Fdward Sndlow, England, 1
down; B.C, Watson Jr. Weat Brook Clnb, 5 down;
Clayvon Dixon, Huntington Valley Club, 6 dowg;
H. Y. Huntington, Valley Club. & down; J, P,
Greaves, Manhattan Cinb, # down; J. ylile,
England, 10 down. Curwon Stoddart, Philadelphia,
11 down; O. B. Knott, Fast Coast Clad, 9 down,

——

Orestes Pierce, captain of the Oak!and Golf

Club of Oakland, Cal., who {son a visit to this
eity, has received a despatch stating that
he the Onk-

rofessional tournament at
and links on Saturdars, { which there were
ten atartera, was won by Iforace Kawlina, open
champion of 1895. Alexander Smith of Chi-
cago, brother to the present open champion,

Willie Smith finished second: William Stepha- |

son, professional of the Oakland Club, third,
and James Walville, profeasiona! of the Del-
monti (rolf Club of California, fourth. The
rizea were $10) for first, $50 for secong, $25
or third and $1fforfourth, Willie Anderaon
was supposed to he among those who. plafed,
but if he did he was evidently anplaced

JACKSONVILLE, Jan. 14.—Willis Smith of Chi-
eago and George Loweoft the Dyker Meadow
Club played an etghteen-hole match on the
links ofthe Florida Country Clu veetordar.
Themen proyed to be very evenly matched,
Pach made the first round In 36 strokes,
the record of the Jinks, and the second In 38
strokes, Their drivas exceeded by many
varde any that have been mado on thecourse,
Theexhibition drawthe largest crowdof the

 

 

season, Theircards were:

Srinith—

Ot. sssee ovcsemensed 0 8 64 4 8 8 4-88

In 645 3 8 43 5 688-76
—_— 548 4-28
Mims 46 6 248 -

IN. stccowmressereesD @ 6 48 6 8 6 6—D8—76

 

COURT TENNIS,

American Champions Win Cleverly at tho
Boston A. A. Court,

Boston, Jan. 14.—The exhibition series
of matches in court tennis and racquets
atthe Boston Athletic Association wound up
with a brilliant display of tennis between Peter
Latham of England, professional champton of
the world, and Tom Pettitt, professional cham-
pion of America, There was also & match of
doubles with Latham, and George R, Fearing,
Pettitt and L, M. Stockton,
Jr, amateur champion of Ameriea, The latter
team played so well together that they fairly
ran away from their opponenta in the first see,
and made it two straight In the second set,
although Latham and Fearing won threo

' games,

| took two out of the three

on movement from now on vill be an |

whohump contracts or the reserve rule, wil! be |

tak nointothe courts, That shows how much
the magnates are worrying.

The National Guard Baseball Championship,
Tho Twelfth Regiment still leads in the Ar-

mory linseball Association tournament, On Sat- |
urday night the following games were Diayed: |

{t Second Signal Corps—Signal Corps, 27;
Venty-ae ond hegimens, 24. At Ninth Regi-
tent=Ninth Regiment, 11; Thirteenth Keel.
eu, JO At Seventy-first Regiment—First
val Battalion, 25; Seventw-firat Regiment,
14. At korty-seventh Regiment—Forty-seventh
‘egiment, Lt; Second Naval Battalion, 8, At
th Regiment = Twallth Regiment, 24;
ri Gating Battery, 7,
ment follows:
Pv |
"dy Cont,! Ww,
01,000 | Fourteenth
Twentr-see'd,’,
Thirteenth |...
First Naval Bat
seventy-frat..0 4

 

Per

hoo
Aon

6200

eNO

.~- >

Sz

_*
eeond

wee

000

tere nen

 

Rowe

Hockey.

| contested game of hockey took place
Nicholas Rink on Saturday afternoon,
ng teams being the sevens of the St

| of Btater Island and the

1 of this city. Each team

the first half, and repeated the

md pertod, leaving the final
St. Austin’s, 2; Berkeley, 2

~aturday night at_the Clermont Avenue

irooklyn, the Brooklyn Latin School

feated the Staten Island Academy

+ score of 1 goal to 0, Both teams

tu fast game, the passing and ploecking

& +specially good, Pratt of the Latin

! rrush slipped in the second half and

tru kh his head against the aide of the rink

He was atunned for a faw minutes,

ruck iy continued to play, The only tally

er nthe first half, Marston for Latin
ngona side pasa from Stillman.

' r rd of the clubs. in

eogue tournament follows:

Per

 
     

 

   

 

 

We Et
” 201.000 NewYork A.C
7 ,) oP oklyn 8 ci

h

,
> )
10 ¢00 Naval Bat'n 0

2 000

ooo

Te
Ww. L. Cent

fockey Reiff Urged to Retarn to England.

‘NS Francisco, Jan

w visiting here, yesterday ree

her letter from Enoeh Wishard,
he head of one of the largest
ind next season, It will be re-
The \hen Wishard returned to England
© Conrerand other good ones

him | vrites that
1 ' d

 

te Unto t. Keiff was urged to return
we tAiwod at the eartiost moment, He will
pau 'Catforria about Feb, 1 and will join his
rotherin Ohio, They will sail away together,

200 | that brought forth applause from the specta-

; captured the

he record of the |

Cent, |

the professionals
for his rival and
ets, but not without
a sharp Pettitt’s ankle has been
troubling him all the week, and as he has
played in eltherraeqaets or tennis every day
it handicapped him severely. The Ameriean
player received an allowance of one-half
Aftean, Philip 8. Sears was referee and Wii-

In the match betweeo
Latham proved too stro

  

contest

Nam Hartley seored
Latham won tho tosa. and from the start
played fine tennis, The first was a deuce

forced to the
Pettitt’s

the

gaine, but Fngiishmaa
dedans for advantage and won on
drive into the net,
tho second game, not
score a point, but the latter had revenge in the
third, his cwo grille strokes winning, Latham
nextrhree games al4o, butarveral
points were lost hy cottitt, owing, to his in-

pility to cover the eourt fully, he seventh
game went to Pertitt vastly and the eighth also
op some prety placing. Latham too the
ninth game easily and the ser, 6

Pettitt forced the play in the second set after
Jooaing tha first three games, and mada it

allowlng Latham to

  

 

threeall. Both players were putting up thelr
| best game in this set and each frequently
foreed to the dedansa ond made grille shots

the Amateur |

14.—Laster Reiff, tho |

score 4

tors, Lathan made the 3 by natling
the seventh game ona splendid grille, ln the
eighth, Petitt male a superb back stroke
whieh his opponent drove to the net ant the

next two ames also we nt to

a

' HE SUN,

  
 

THE NEW TROTTING RULES.

CHANGES IN TURF COD!’ RECOM.
MENDED BY CONFERENCA

 

Foreign Expulsions for Fraud, Past and |
Future, to Be Recognized on All Tracks
~A New Distinction tn Distance Laws
~The Standard Placed at Eighty Yards,

Secretary W. H. Gocher of the N, T, A. yeas |
terday made public the revised code of harness.
racing rulesagreed upon by the representatives |
of the N. T, Avand A. T. A.at the Murray Hill |
conference last week. Sixteen of tho sixty-two |
rules of the existing N. T. A. code come in for
more or less elteration, while some of the old
rules were wholly repealed, Perhapa the most
important amendment isthat which fixes tho
status of men and horses expelled for fraud by |

|

racing organizations not members of the N. T,
A. Heretotore there has been no provision in
the rules recoguizing foreign expulsions for
fraud, and when the notorious Bob Kneebs re-
turned toth!s country after having served! a
term inaGerman jallfor ringing the Ameri-
can trotting mare Bethel, 2:18%, he was as free
to drive on the tracka of the N, T. A. asif he
had never figured in an international masquer-
ading tour, Nor was there anything in the |
code to meet the case of a trotterlike Bertie |
R., 2:12, that was recently returned to this |
country after having trotted out of her elass
and undera false name in both France and |
England. In order to head off allturf outlaws
the conference has recommended the adoption
of the following amendment to rule $1;

All persons and horses under expulsion for fraud
by reputable trotting and running assogiations, in
this or foreign countries, conducting races ander |
established rules, and euch persons and horses aa |
shall be hereafter eo expelled, shall during seach |
time stand expelled from the National Trotting Ae-
sociation, and shall not be allowed to compete on
the courses of membere of this Association. The
Board of Appeals of the National Tretting Associa
tion reserves the power (In case the said board ie not
in session, then the President ts vested with the
pover temporarily) to reverse or modify, for good |

se shown, any ench expulsion, tn so far as it af
fects this Association.

The proposed new rule thus recognizes ex- |
pulsions for fraud wherever made, and applies
to running tracks and trotting tracesalike. It
{s retroactive in its operation and will bar all
horses and horsemen now under the ban {n
Europe and America. Another important
recommendation concerns the plactng of the
distance flag, Acoording to the present code of
the N. T, A. the fag ts placed at elgiity yards tn
races of one-mile heats, beat two in three, and
at 100 yards in races of one-mile heats, best
three in five, the distance being increased one-
half in any heat where efght or more horses
compete. In races of two-mile heats, the dis- |
tance ts now 150 yards; three-mile heats, 320
yards, and fonr-mile heats, 200 yards. The
posposed new rule makes no distinetton bas |
tween races at one mile, two miles or any other
distance, nor between three-mile heats two tn |
three, and one-mile heats, three in five, Ites- |
tablishes a new distinctton, however, between |
races on one-mile tracks and those on half-
mile tracks, and reads as follows:

!
'

Tn all heats races on mile tracks eighty rards eball
de a distance; whereeight of mora start in a heat,
100 yards shall bea Aistanoe, In all heats on half. |
mile tracks 100 yards shall be « distan when |
¢ighsor nore horses startin @ heat, 150 yards shalt |
be a distance |

‘
|
}
!

 

 

Bule 37 ia further amended by adding a new
section as follows:

Aistenoed hores is out of the mee and not en-
titled to any portion of the preminm,

Rule 51, which deals with defaulting track
managers, is changed to read as follows:

The N. T. A. shall not collect suspensions for
menbera thet defanit in the payment of thoir
purses oretakes, ard the president, eecretary and
Other officers of snch association, npon conviction
thereof by the Board of Roview, shall be ‘ned, ais
pended of expelied, and the presilent of the Na-
tional Trotting Association ts anthorized to act wen !-
ing the action of the Doard of heriew. [pn anch
cogoa the snspenstons of euch delinqnent esso: a-
tions shall be ool'ected by the Nationa) Trotting As-
sociation and applied pro rata to the parment of

, satd aA me purses and stakes, provided & dul veri-
fied claiia for snch unpel preflums is filed with |
the secretary of the National Trotting Assoctation |

| dent of the National Assoctation

Tom, who won |

the set 6 The rubber set was closely con-
teated Latham took the first gome after |
Pettitt made it dence, Partitt captured the

 
 

rut Aa

   

next by shutting his opponent out ow

third by for

 

 

 

point, Latham took ® ing to
the dedina twies in ‘owssion, ant fole
lowe this up with another Tha
winning point was made by Latham on a
grille shot The fourth game was ensily
Pottitt's, for the Boston expert boaste’ to tha
dedans very skilfnll Tne Englishman took

 

the fifth, a dence game, getting vantage on

Pettitr's miss and following it with a baek

handertothe grille, Pettitt a fine service cost

Latham the sixth and e ghth games but the
f o

Jwiehed in the seventh

      

    

 

 
  

 

latter san a8

The ninth game Wis the best of the afternoon
and abounded in tine rallies. Pettitt foread to
the dedans twiee in succession and Latharn

tambour tha

aead cwogliMeoult ones at the

f  opne n nt was unable to get. The champion
won vantage on f rrite’s miss and th: me on
his drive to the net. ‘The tenth and Inst was

also a deuce game, which Latham won, taking
the set by Ut

In the match at doubles Fearing env ‘h

oor apport inthe first set to Lathan,

| se ritLand stockton Won six straight game
Stockton played splendidly ani Pettitt was
Taverairaid totrast him when the bal cane

Pettitt’s service Was not very uy |

 

 

nie eG Hed Lathaim's at phat, » . att :
i Na shots were well placed and his volleys ort
| gritle sh sre tha beat ever geen here

King's Courter cone |
on the way over, but WAs |

|

\

6 in wall wi
Oe a imerican amateur racquet enemt n-
= { ‘ be played at the Boston
naingies Wil be piayed @
ships 1 eginning Feb. 5 and the doubles begin-
 heginy

ning Feb. 12

 

 

Hiorses, Harness and Carrlages.

our goods are reilable, than the readers 0

WE Sun—4dv.

that |

| startin an

Pettitt made a neat win of

raps

' heat or lose the race the horse #5 penalized

No better murket is open to you, providing

 

  

within thirty days after the close of the meeting.
No suspended member or members which bace |
failed # pay preninmes eball have enthority to can-
oel a enapension without the consent of the presj-
vr the Board of
Raview, The Board of Review shall also anspend
offeers of assoolations which failto pay their dues,

Section Bof rule 2 ts intended to bind al!
hotgemen tosubmit to. the authority of tha
N.T. A,andtorefratn from resorting to the
courts for the settiement of dianates arising
out of harnesa racing. It ts 4s followa:

Fvery entry shall oonetitnrte an agreement that
the person making {t, theowner, mer, driver, and
horse ehall be subject to there rules, :egnlations
ond by-laws, ant willenbmitall 'isputes and qnem
thons arieing ont ofanch entry to the authority and
judgment of this association, whose decision shall
26 Anal.

An amen‘|mentto rule 3 governing the pay-
ment of entrance feea covers the common ense
ofthe driving clab or track manager that ex.
tends credit to horsemen making entries, and
provides that {n such cases the owner may ba
auspended for falling to keep his promiset

ay, even though hia horse has been perm! trec

ostart on credit, The oew rule ts as follows:

8e:tlon 2—No piepanecs for non-payment of
entrauce fees shall be lawfa less ordered within
two weeks after the nieeting; and no suspension
shall be imposed for non parment of anch ines con-
tracted in aclats wherein the horse was permitted
to start, except when crodit was extended by agree.
ment; and ina@ny case when the member has ap-
ied for membership anbsequentto the closing of
he entries, such suspension shall be unlawful une
less notice of intended membership has Leen given
prior to the closing of the entry,

An amendment. to section 3 of rule 6
modifies the penalty for falsely atating the
record or pedigree of a horse in making an
entry, Under the present rule the penalty ta
expulsion, Theproposed amendment provides
that the guilty party shall be fined, suspended
or expelied. A similar modification of the |
penaity for falsely stating the name or regi-
dence of the person geking an entry is pro- |
vided bran amendmeft to section lof rule?
Where the old penalty for such an offendée wag |
expulai'n alone, the amended rute will pro. |

|
}
{

  

 
  

 

 

   

  

vite thatthe offen ler shall be fined not to ex-
eae #100, suapended or expelled,

Section 1 of rule ® provides that only one
horse owned or controlled! wholly or partly by
the same person, or trained in the sama j
stable within ten dave preceding the race, can
race of heats unicas otherwise pro.
vided in the published conditions governing
the contest, he Conference Committee da-
cided to take awag from the track managers |
the right to let two horses owned or trained by
the same partias compete under any ciream. |
stances, and the qualifying clause of the old |
ruje is recommended for repeal,

Role 18, offering a reward for the deteetion
and conviction of persons making fraudulent
entries, is recommended for repeal, |

The present rules provide that there shall be |
at lenst and not more than threa timers |
‘nted for every race, An amendment to
Section Lof rule 24 will necessitate the selec. |
tion of three timers inevery Instances,

Anamentment to Section 0 of rule 27 pro-
vides that where a horse is penalized for fraud
on part of his driver in attempting to lay ona

ahail not_be entitled to any part of the pre. |
miam, Under the preset rules the judas
may expel driver, owner and horse for frand ot
this kind, yet there ia nothing to prevent the
wrongdoers from collecting their share of tha
purse in case a substituted driver goes on and
wins the race or any part of the money,

In place of rule 62, which provides for a
standing Joint Committee on Rules and de- |
fines the duries of the same, the following pro-
vision is substituted:

The Secretary of tha N. T. A. shall furnish to the
Secretary of the Amerteon Trorting Register Associa

 

tion acertified copy of the summaries of all faces
anid pertormances sgaing’ time, and of al races
ocourring on the cracks of members ag eoon na possi.

ble after the receipt by him of such aummaries

In sending out the recommendations of the
conference Secretary Grocher invites all mem-
ofthe N. T. A. to forward to the Hartford
Noo any suceestions which they may feel dis-
posed to make in connection with these pro
posed changes, and any other amendments
whieh wonld, in thair opintona, promote the |
hest intereata of harness racing. All suggede
tions will be aubmitted. tothe hule Committee
when it meets hereon Feb, 12, two days prior
to the twentieth biennin! congress,

 

 

Cliess.

The first game of the chess match for the |
Martinez trophy was played between Hanham
and Delmar at the Manhattan Chess Club Sat-
urday afternooa and evening. Hanham won |
the toss and selected an Irregular Opening, in
the course of which Delmar decided to give up
two peces forarook, A bot fight ensued ant
Hom had his man beaten. He, however, failed
to select the correct continuation at one stage

of the end game,committed o blunder whieh !
lost him a piece, and after 124 moves the |
pinvers agreed ton draw

eacon! game

 

played yesterday,

rhe was
when Deimar opened the gam. with pawn to
queen's fourth, At first Hanham defended

splendidly and at one stage it seemed as if ne
had the better position. Lateron, however, he
lost.a pawn and {hs numerieal advantage was
auificient for Deimar to win the game after |
seventyenine moves. The third ean’, will be
played on next Saturday, |
'
‘

| City, yesterday,
| rain, but pluckily ploughed through the tral!

| show their hands

tin ateadily, but

| West have been received

  

 

 

CROBS-COUNTHY RUNNING,

HM, Marks Collapses in the Race Between
Shamrock Marriers and Pastime A.C,

Athletes of the Pastime A.C. and Shamrock
Harriers competed yesterday atternoon in a
team race under the most trying conditions
for cross-country ranning, The fall of snow
served to conceal the pitfalls that abound on
the Van Cortlandt course, and the treacherous
going resulted in several more or less serious
aceidents to the hardy runners, There were
fifteen men a side
credit for the position he finished tn, it was
acreed to award the honors to the elub having
the first ten mento finish, The Pastime placed
ten men in the first seventeen, and carriod olf
the prizes by asafe margin.

The race was a gruelling one throughout.
After makinga circuit of the new portion of

the golf links, Struppeland Markeim of the
Pastimes were racing shoulder to shoulder,
Limping from bad cuts on each knee was J, FB,
Lyneh, while J. H. Kelly fell coming down
the hill,and also received a setback in the
shape ofa aeraped knee, As th mon scurried
through the woods alongside of the golf links

| H. Marks, one of the youngest of the Bhamrock

men, sank down exhausted in the anow.. A, J,
Fagan and F, Glennon, two of the distance
judges, rag to his assistance, He waa uncon-
scious, but Aanow rubbing revived him eufll-
ciently to enable the rescuers to drag him to
the clubhouse, His feet were almost frost.
bitten

brennan won the race by seventy-five yards,
A ding-dong race for second place resulted in
favor of A. Mackenzie, who beat Struppel bya
yard. RK, Pfortner fell coming down the last
hilland badly wrenched his knee, ‘Lhe order
of the finish was:

D. J, Brennen, P. A. C., 88:46; A. Mackenzie, 8. H,

 

 

RWO8; EB Stroppel, PA. C., 84:05 1-5; J Kelly,
Pp. A.C©., 80:10; Markeim, P. A.©., Burdl; J. J,
McCann, P. A. C,, 84:15; 5. A, Mellor, 8 H., 80:27;
E. a. Trede, 8. He, 8v:27 3-6; R. forte
ner, PA. 8u:60; M. Modarry, P. A,
C.,, 855; Kehrenhketsen, 8 H,, §=40:015

b, Curtayne, P. A.

 

,» 40:04 Db. A. MeMahon, 8. Hy
41:02, M. Tausia, PLA. C., 41:10; R. Mackenzie, 8. HL,
41014; M. Judes. B., 41:16; T. O'Connor, PAC,
41:80; BR. Todd, 8. H., 41:45; J, B. Lynch, P, A. Cy
62:18, and J, J. Kranse, P. A. C., 42:22,

The others finished a followa:

 

E. Fatopney,

> ae trella, 8. Hy; J.C. Lyneh, P, A.C.
A. aniiion, 8. Ey P. Prov, P. ALO. EB. Gras
sella, PALO) G, G, Buesaell and H. Eilings-
wood, 8. H

Joho J. O’Brien won the run of the Hamilton
A. C, Club yesterday over the clut’s asix-mile
course over the Kay Kidwe territory to Fort
Hamilton and return, O'Brien's victory was
hardly expected, as he ts more of a sprinter
than a stayer, but he outlasted the best of the

ud carriers, George H, rogten waa secon:

on

William H. MoNeely, third; naa J, Maddls
gan, fourth: James L. Brennan, filth, Mme, 49
minutes

he Atlantic Harriers’ run from Ridgewood
Hark yesterday was rather slimly attended,
About five miles of the country, extending from
the park toward Glendale and adjacent terri.
tory, was covered and the hottest kind ofa fn-
ish resulted. Fdward Bb. Hinman won with
Frederick G. Rupprecht just at his shoulder,
Thomas M. O'koete. was third, William. I.
Horner, fourth; Edward Erosty, fifth; Daniel G,
Samuels, sixth, and William Kirby, seventh,
Time, 50 minutes 234 seconds,

The unexpected happened atthe run of the
Mendale Harrters from the National Schuetzen
Park at Glendale yesterday, in tne fact that
Bernard Faggan turned up the winner against
aeome of the best men that have ever followed
the hard trafl over the conrae, t was stiff?
travelling from start to finish, especially asthe
trail woe ate pery with mad and snow all the
way ‘agean waa first [n, fol! wed, closely by
Thomas LD. Samuels; Frederick
was third, James \
Frank G. Zerring, Afth.

Joseph Fagin od the pack of the St. Peter's
Catholic Library Assocation yesterdays in their

Giadwish, fourth, and

| weekly run over the Bay Ridge trai! from Siz-

fleth street and Fourth avenue, South Drook-
yn.

Over six and one-half miles of the Bay Ridge
tria! the members of tha sea View Harrters
held their regular weekly ran yeaterdas
course led from the clubhouse on Hixtieth
street, near Fourth avenue; thenea down
Fourth ayenue to the O!d City Line; thence
over the farm lands to New Utrecht and back
by way of the Dyker Mendow golf links to tha
Shore road, coming out at Fort Hami ton;

Thea |

MONDAY, JANUARY 15,

 

Instead of each receiving |

 

Williams |

1900. ‘

SLY TOO FAST FOR HYANNIS.

NEWAKK VACER BEATEN BY M. a
LEONARD'S TROTTEK ON SPEEDWAY,

    
 
  

 

 

W. E. DD. Stokes Brings Out a New Road
Horse in the Crack Pacer Be Sure,
2,06-Pamy Blossom a Beauty-Many
Horses out, but Driveway Was Rough.

M. J. Loonar’’s chestnut trotter Sly caused
everytody in the throng of spectators at
Specdway Park to ask all manner of questions
about him yesterduy morning, The road was
rough and muddy, but Sly was smooth and
otly and he took into camp everything he met
including the noted pacer Ayannis, 2:11,
that had come all the way from Newark to
sweep the Speedway. Tho pony-built sides
wheeler from across the Hudson tried three
times to show Sly the way over the bumps aud
ruts between Dyckman street and Wash-
ington Bridge but his legs were not long
enough to do the trick. Leonard’s hungry-
looking sorrel trotter beat the little bay pacer
an open length In @ hard drive the frst time
down, and then doubled the distance at the
second trial of speed. J. H. Kuhl, the driver
of Hyannis, was not content with two defeats
and so the rival flyers went at itagain, Sly
made a break this time near the end of the
stone wall and looked like a beaten horse,
Thinking Leonard had surrendered the Jersey
reinaman took a pul! on the pacer as if to slow
down to ajog. Ina jiffy Bly was back on his
stride, going faster than ever, and before Kuhl
could rouse his fast horse the chestnut trot-
ter’a nose was again in front.

Sly scored another victory in a brush with a
bay pacer driven by Thomas Byrnes, the
former Superintendent of Police, The latter's
horse was said to bea Jersey Wilkes four-year
old that W. H. McCarthy drovea mile fn 2:16
last year, Whatever he was, he went to a
tangled break when Leonard’s flyer led him a
merry chase through the mud aown tothe foot
of the hill near the bridge. The owner of Sly
is somewhat in the dark as to the identity of
the trotter he ts driving. He bought him at
Cairo, N. Y., a few weeks ago, with the under-
standing that he had a record of 2:10h. No
auch mark {s credited to him in the booka,
however, Leonard now thinks he may have
a fast one that has raced under some other
nama

Jack Curry drove Richard Croker’s chestnut
trotter Chanty, 2:18, In the morning speed
parade and got his white face spattered with
mud from the flying heels of E. 0. Binzen's
rakish gray mare Elmira,by Wilkes Boy, out of

the dam of Anna Mace, 2:20%. Chanty pulled
two men tn a heavy wagon, while the mare was
hooked toa pneumatic cart, so that the ocon-
ditions were not at all equal, Croker's horse

{is looking big anid lusty and ts going without |
pindea 8 fant |

even a quarter boot on his lags.
mage outfooted the Apeodt pacer Peter H,
oe \, by Kentucky Wilkes, in another brush,

Hunter

Is the well-known title of
the purest type of the purest
whiskey,

Health

|

| Hunter Rye is universally
prescribed by physicians as
a pure tonical stimulant
when needed. Its use in

{

'

'

moderation for health is
_ recommended.

Hospitality

The fixed and uniform
standard of quality of Hun-
ter Rye, its mellow age and
rich flavor make it the favor-
{te for the buffet and table
use.

Hun
Baltimo

Is

Hunter
Health
Hospitality

BALTIMORE RYE

BOTTLED BY

Lone eT Ba
BALTIMORE.

|

 

ter
re Rye

The American Gentleman’s Whiskey

A. B. HART & FRANK MORA, Representatives, 3 S$. William St., New York, N. Y.

and appeared to be right at home in the un- |

even, aticky going.
The little brown trotter Kingwood, 2:17h,
owned bv John A. Biaurock, made his re-

appearance oo the road after an absence of
weveral weeks and distinguished himeaelf by
scoring & nojable victory over the bay pacer
Ambidexter, 2:11, with the wetghts against
him. D, W. Wilbur, the ownerof Ambidexter,
had him hooked to 4 pneumatio cart, while
Isuac Fleming drove Ribgwoed to an old-style
two-wheeler of much heavier weight, he
start was made near Washington Bridge, wiih
the horses headed
Kingwood got off slightly in front and struck
sucha Olip that he was leading by two lengths
atthe end ota furlong. The high-wheel cart
rather Jumped than rolled over the rough
ground, touching it only In pote as the ambi-

' tious Hetle trotter sped away up the road,

thepeg to Ninety-aecond streat and back home, ,
C. E

orn yed the big pack th, followed by
Tremarne Forbes Then came HT. V. Werner-
ken, Fugeene Whitlach and George Nolan,
with the rest of the bunch strung out {
nearly half a mile, Time, 52 minutes 1s
seconds

Wilifam ¥, Classen finished first in the six-
t

mile rup of the Brook.yn A. C, yesterday from
the cl@o grounds at. Grand atreet Park,
Maspeth. Thomas I. Fraser, his clubmate, |

was only two yaris bahind him at the Anish,

Quite g bunch of the National A. C. runners
travel) Hover the regular course In the vicinity
of the Maspeth headquarters of the alnb yes-
terday morning Anthony J. MeKeever was
first home, Rutherford G, Willa, second: John
K. Sloane, third; William D, Weane, fourth; H
Kroner, fifth: W. G. MeKag, atxth; and D. i
Weat, seventh. Time, 44 minutes

Nineteen hariy ati eres started in the run of
the Star A.C. from the elub grounds, at Foor-
teenth stroet and Vernon avenna, Long Taland
The runners facet a drizz ing

eight miles long. The men came home as

' toflows

P. McCabe of the Stars, ‘iret; J. HW. Donoghue, enr-

    

ond; L. Roettver, third; & Toomay, fonrth, P. McCaa-
lev, Afth H. Sperie:n,; Aliance A.C, aiath; Cohen,
Alliance A.C, seventh, Robert W. Ke ly, Star

 

ewhth: O. VF. Retlley, ninth; J. A. Hampton, tenth;
J, %. Shevlin, clevent’; J.J. Mnlitvan, twelfth; J,
Cuyler, thirteenth, Willbam A. Huag, fonrteenth;
J. Fettner, Afteenth; 0. Burgs etxtesnth: William J;
Flynn, seventeenth; J. J. Murphy, eighteenth, and
William H, Rafferty, nineteeath, Time, 68 minutes,

 

 

 

GOSSIP OF THE RUNNERS,

Entries Pour in for Brighton Beach Stakes
~New Orleans Entries,

Horsawen having candidates engaged {in the
{mportant handteaps which closed a few days
ago are facing the issue In a sanguine frame
of mind. The weather continues so phenome.
nally mild that eren at the
tracks work {In the open is pernils-
sible, and, unless the elements furnish
obstacles later on, the materialfor the coming
campalgn should be ripe when the hagle
sounds, Trainers with prospective factors In
the Brooklyn and Suburban Handteaps are
“making haste slowly,” having no desire to

until ype weights are an-
nounead on Feb. 1, Meanwhile there. are
several other irons in the fire, and when all be-
lated entries for the early stakes have been
gathered in the result is oxpectadto be the fat-
test advance acheduile of resent years

metropolitan |

Ambidexter closed on him after getting under
tull headway and the owner of the pacer was
disposed to say he was. victorious after the
brush was over, but Fleming inaisted that
Kingwood had kept his nose in frontto the end,

Pansy Blossom, 2:12, was devon by her new
owner and she was probably the most admired
flyer on the road, She fs @ danghterof Gen,
Wi kes, sire of the big gray mare Mary A.,
voy, that figured ao prominently on the
Speedway a few weeks ago. Her new owner
Jet her step fast for a quarter of a mile or so
ust once yesterday, but she did not take part
in any of the brushes, Another gray pacing
mare that attracted magh trentjon was Bicycle
Girl, 220K, by Wild Bill, Like Hyannia, 2:11%,
she hatls from Newark, where Pansy Blossom
was formerly owned

W. E. D. Stokes, who owns one of tha most
select eoilections of harnesa horees in the
world, introduced a new flyerin tie bay pacer
Be Sara, 2:00%, by Bessemer, 3:18%. This
horae wea among the orack| el¢ewheelers of
the Grand Cireuit in 1805, having beaten the
beet time ever made by a four-year-old in a
race. He isa showy, handsome horse, aa well
asa fast one, and promises to be. As prominent
as any of the pacers on the
yeur,

Georgs A. Coleman, who drives the crack
trotrer Bavlight, 2:35, bad two newoomers
hooked to his high- wheel wagon
One of them was the bay mare
2-224, by Hawthorn, out of 8 danghter of the
thoroughbred four-imiler, Joo Daniels, She
was bredin California and made her record
there in 185, Coleman anid the black mare
that he drove _in double harjess with Bessie
Thorn was Jessie Gray, with a record of
2:204, ©, Y. Wemple, owner of the fast green
trotter Walnwright, by vepetition, brought
out anew black irotter that nobody seemed to
know, _Ex-Alderman Henry Hughes, who
owns Ed Lock, 2:12, and other fast ones,
drove his jittie bay trotting mare Idico,
2Qrlhss, by King Wilkes, 2:21%. Dnere, 2:184,
the half-brother to Searchlight, 2:034%. owned
by Isaac A. Hopper, stepped fast through the
sticky footing. Cord Meyer drove the hand-

some brown trotter Barney 6. 2:24, by

| Bavonne Prince, while Christopher Meyer waa

Entries for the special features announced ,

by the Brighton Beach Association are pouring
the Seoratary will hold the
fheets open until mais from tha South and
’ The returns up to
are decidedly eneouraging an’ the
offelala are confident that they will be able to
turn ont one of the most pttractive cards in
the dlatrict. FPorthe efieh Brighton Han tiean,
which cloaed with twentg-oight entries laet
year, there are Already forty candidates in lina,
A proportionate increase Is expected in the
other tixad events to he dedided at the bracay
track by the sea and detatla are cageriy
awalted,

tacing men are particularly curious to sea
how the Brigh'on Cup event wil Wl Tn pre.
vious years the nominntiona were represent i-
tive of both quantity and quality. but trainers
weakened when it Came to the proposition of

  
 

' fitt'ng a horse for such a braising race early in

the summer. The avent ia framed on Ines
ealoulated to develon the ataving qualities of
the thoroughbred, and fs rich @nongh to bring
out the beat horses in training

New Ornvrans, Jan. 14.--The programme at
the Crescent City Jockey Club toemorrow is as

 
   

   
    

 

follows

Firat Ra Seven furlongs, selling—Sea Knight,
114: Everest, Seattle Ben Feoet and Cori
ton Rv., 1 Miss Ross, 105; Mat Bb Box and By
George, 10°; Lady Dora, 198

Second Race—One nile and twenty yards; gelling
—~Vballaa, 110: Sir Pitrhngh and Russell R., 104;
Prang ble, 105; The Bobby, 104; Macie Marie, 101;
Jodeo, 100, Falsehood vA; Statira, 4,

Third Hace ne mile anu an eighth: selling
Donna Hita, Manlins and Traveller, 10 Frank
Met 1,106; King Elhwood, Ou; Pinar Del Kio
and Sallie Lamar, ¥ idins, 4

Pourt’: Pa Ono mile; lica Tom Middle-
ton, 104 freling! 4; Forbush, 4: Travlor,
Florivar, (rravlesa, St ’ Parker, 0,

Fitth Race-t y F, iO: First
Part, 197; Je h rim, !O04; May
Tavia, Caloo ant ¢ Id, Ms: Aria

Decimal, Lovable ‘
Race sev en ing—DeBride
126, reorge Hf, RK um, 8 Dim and Col. Cas.
sidr, 110%; Josephine B, 144; L. T. Caton, 113;
Lerington Pirate, 111; Banrica, tor

  

Uilllards,

Tho firat section of the members’

mentatthe Knickorbocker AC. woun '

Saturlay night, and Dr. Miller, who bas
running alos» race with F!

tourna-
up on
been

rian Tobias {

 

  

first honors, won the prizo by defeating J. A
Hendrick Hoth mon started from serat
mark, 125 Hendrieks disapnointed his ad-
mirers by his poo wing. Ife was not dan
gerous atany stage of (he game, and Dr Mil-
ler won by aseore of 125 to 57. The winner
made high ronso’ 18,15 and 12, while He
dricks'’s best effort netted him di | Tohias vine
ished second in the tourney, WLLL. Bracken,
10, and M_ Liss! SO, plaged @ game fr
the unfinished thir tion. Lracken se

aseore of U0 te 7
Jake Sehaeler and
star will begin pl n i Now |
14-ineh ba hue tmateh, tw aly ta
reguiag old-style chanpooosh p game
rofeaatonale. and nowy Ybythear
inclasse@ Aand Bb, The match will take pace
pluee at Schaefer's avade » the “Wiz
trying to seore 3,000 p ints while Morningstar
counte off 1.500. The winner will receive o
purse of $250. Harry P. Cline, the Philadel
phin professional, will be referee,

Shortstop’ Oca Morning:
th ;

     

 

  

' Atate’a. by

out hehind the jaunty brown gelding Percy,
2:17k, formerly owned by John Shepard of
joston, Among the other well-known man
and horses on the road were:

Col. F. N. Lawrence with the rakish chestnnt mare |

Lottie, 2:29%; Michael Reid with the bay trorter
Former, by Aleuntara,; George Flogd-Jones with
Mauna Medium, 3:20: John R. Keim driving the
speedy young pacing jua@re Sister Rudd, by Poten-
tial; John F. Cockerill with the bay trotter Swift,
2:15, T.R MeMahon with Bachelor Boy, 212550;
J. Wy. Cornish with David B, 2:00); Predotiek Dieta

with Miss Overton, 2.294; John Donley ¢fth Gien-
inere Boy, 2:14; Charles H, Kerner with 4 patr of
handeome bay trotters; B, D. Slater with the white-
faced bay trotter Kaiser Wilkes; Benjamin Zabn with

 

 

 

the ! are Dandess, 2:2°9f; Bernard Zahn with
the blak gelding EDony, Dr. H. A. Rane with the
chestunt pacing mare Lavra W,, Capt. cy
H. MeDenald with the black mares Molly
end Rrominns, 2:20; Walter Kilpatrick with
the brown trotter Royal Rens, 2:20; Alex Frauken

 
  

stem with the white pacer Bullmont, 2.0044; J P,
Kobertaon with Neily and Flash: A. C, Fiske with the
dun pacer &mitz, 2:24; EB. BE, Hortel with the chest-

 

  
 

nut preer Brooks, 2.154; Barney Goodwin,
Lell Tap. by Prodigal, and Lettle Rag, 2:2
robe bo Case with hia big chestnnt trotters

and Jerry; Preterick Akers with a bay trotter by
Morovracy; A. L Berker with tha gest chestnnt pacer
Lambertus; BarnerKearns with the
Dlack pacer Drov, 2 16 4: Dr, Aamilton with La
Croese Girl, 21246; Georg? W. Young with the bay
gelding Danity: Alonvo Marnard with the wrar
trotteer Beandy wine, 2:20%%. by Sphins, and Dp. Har
rington with the old Day stallion Capt. Lyon, 2:17%4,

O'Rourke and Sharkey Meot at Buffalo,

Berravo, Jan. 14.—Tom Sharkey, the pugi-
list, and bia manager, Tom O'Nourke, came

together here this atternoon for tha
flrat time é6ince thelr reported separa-
‘tion. After & private talk it was evident
hat thefr old relations were restored,

O'Rourke arrived in town at 4:15 o'clock this
afternoon with “Mysterious” Billy Smith, who

_fstofight Rube Ferns at the Hawthorne Club

to-morrow night. While at the Tifft House
O'Rourke was Informed that Sharkey had
eomein from the West and was devonring a
couple of steaks at the City Hotel, O'Rourke
mace an arpolatment to meet the Sailor at the
Central Station and at 6 o'eloek they shook
han is In the centre of a large crowd, Then
rand manager moved to a anloon across

fight
the way And éxchanged explanations of their |
reoent lifferences, |

"You go to Philadelphia
(Hourke’s inetruection to
ou gon to Boston to box,
there.”
Sharkey said ‘he misunderstanding between
him and O'Rourke amounted te nothing, It
was dne to the facet that he was so eager to
meet Jeffries again that he was willing to fight
withoutO'Nonrke in his corner

“O'Rourke will conting® tO manage my
affairs,” «nid Sharkey, “We ara the best of
friends,and hell be on hand when I whip

Tries again, and this time ‘1’! get the decis-

”

“sharkey went east to-night

this week,” was
Shatkes, “Then
You i] meet Dixo:

Brown's Track Team tu Training.
Provtpencr, Jan, 14.—The
sity track team began active
week, Dr. Fred F. Parker, director
Lyinon Gymnasium, has personally
charge ofthe men as coach, The number «
new can lidates is exeeptiona ly large Cape

Univer-
Inst

srown
training
of the
taken
,

D.C, Hall will enter the two-mile runatt

Hoston college gaineson Jan, 27,0 In prepare
tion for tha bate with Dartmouth, at the Dos
ton A, A. meet on Feb, 3, Brown is mait

directing her energies, She will aend a relay
team for that ven The lua 1 tr wih
Massachusetts inaritute of echt py ‘vis
be held here in Apel Dr. Parker has are
ranged aries of intoor gemes ar the gyi
nasium duriug the winter, ta be fo ® ‘
oe demonstration at Infantry Ha n

Murch, towhieh the physleal direecors of tls
prine ps! colleges and universities of the
wast Will be luvited,

toward Dyckman street. |

peedway this |

festerday,
Jessia Thorn, | -

» | 174

b

BOWLING RECORDS AND GAME.

 

CASINO TOURNAMENT,

 

 

18%; Baker, 154; Holden, 1li6.

 

ger, 149; J. Doerzaph, 116, Langeuborg, 177. Total,

Oorinthian—Walters, 178; Niles, 140; Landman,

Total, 75,

His High THIRD GAMF
L. acore.| Cluds, W. 1. Secor , ,
Clubs, W, L, Beore * . a Excelsior Wittman, 170; Lauer, 141; Winnie, 1663
Oneensborn’.,10 2 862 Oyclontneewe 8 GO Bie | gonanlt, aio; Lange, 174, Lotal, 80%,
EUAIGIOR 3+ ? 2 ora cance ee de ny : Corinthinu— Walters, 154; Niles, 163; Landman,
A BR .sseee , newick 2, 2 85 48; Ba Lui " 6, Tota 4
aereatal nF B WAG | CONNOR. second 12 710 188; Baker, 104; Holden, 16, Total, 808

Kavenswood,..7 8 nav
MAENNERCHOR HALL TOURNAMENT,

    

    

 
   

 

 

Island A. of ©, ¢

The scoresin the Clivs A tournament of the Loag
on Saturday night were:

 

 

 

 

 

| Dee Que... 6 ’ pis Tlberat.. sere of ‘ 81% FIRST GAME,

nocker.. 7 i 3 t soneeee ‘ iA ‘ r . = ;

; 49 Choovel,, cased & 702 Kinvs County M—‘ourtenay, 160; De Nye@e, 189;
ieneee 8 tt fear ee 4 742 Twiddy, 125, Lea h, 142; Cornish, 187, Total, 710,

VAR ssevseees 2 ee | Tamagns M.-Jordan, 117; suipley, 188;
ATHLETIC LEAGUE | 161; Ashtucad, 185; Van Siclen, 127. Total, 608,

| Roseville A.4.12 8 958 Coteen ie owt I aA | SECOND GAME,
» , y aif Montelai sath ae hae
dorasy City, Wp & w4l | Knlokbucker, 11 685 | owen eens 14s Braahe a Taylor, 118;

. has 7 04 = | Oxley, 162) Egelboff, nu, Total, 7dy,
| North Fad... 8 7 044 J | Kines County W.—Courtenay, 182; De Nyse, 186;
RANE CLERKS’ LEAGUE | Twiddy, 172; Leach, 124, Cornish, 168, Total, 77%.

Imp. & Trad...0 1 R47 per ver. e 6 ie8 | THIRD GAMB,
Mock A Teak Foy Hist deom cag dod |, Tamana Worden, 14% Shipley, 180; Magna
Te Sub-Treas8 2s? Mt. Morre.... 2 4 740, Ils: Ashnieal, 142; Van Siclen, 188, Total, 678, |
lark veveel 8 ROS) JPMora’nkCo2 6 76 Logan Wo-Sebtit, 145: Brush, 186: Taylor, 167;
Chemical. 6 8 R40 Amercan Es .2 6 74 | Oxley. 142; Egelhoff, 150, Total, 789.
llara.. +6 3 Ti Mereautil 26 743 ames
Hroadway....4 4 832 El-venth Wards 6 nud The Belmonts scored a double visort, a the
Chase, L.sceee 8 4 785 Kountze Bros...) & 07) Twenty-ststh ward touruanent of on

| Pomboard.scaseed @ 742 | Chase, 2...000.0 8 700 | Saturday aight, The scores:

| Manhattan Oo..3 3 502 eine? OAtth

| WHOLESALE DRUG TRADE ASSOCIATION, Belmont—J. Holler, 188: Van Slyck, 171; Bela,

| Colgate &Co..12 2 115 (Morck & Co......7 7 709 | 186; Berg, 2401 Nelson, 170. Total, 806,

| odgekoleottio 4 845 Gen. Chem, Co.7 0 778! ,,Aunex—Cook, 126; Kaeumer, 184; Doersaph, 126)

Seabury &J'n 3 8 70 Parke, Db. & Coa & Td T

   

     

      

 

   

 

 

 

    
 

 

 
  

 

 

  

heisen, 160; Eyring, 148 Total, 81,

 

R.W.R.& Son 8 RK. & H.C, Co...k 146 Tilo SECOND GAME,
| Nat. Lead Co, 7 7 Relmont—Van Slyck, 154; Bachrach, 166; Reiff,
FIRE INSURANCE LFAGUR, 184, be ra. 100; N. 00m 154. Total, ase b. 188:
4 bgpeaues b3 | Lancashire....6 4 700) Abner —Cvok, 15y, Baemmer, 150; Doerzaph, ‘
Peek + $ 3 oaS tt dere riters 8 4 Teo , Theisen, 148; Eyring, 175. Total, 750,
é OP ee.8 2 77h ~& L.&.G....4 8 T80
ees oe 62 770 swine 6 6 Tht The Fire Insurance Lea tournament games at
| Germania......6 8 ROM oral seeseeeed ff 740 | Beld's ail ys on Saturday ui cht resulted as follows;
| Phenix it 8 BH TAS  AMMANCO.s....2 8 774 FIRST GAME.
stlantio Muth. 6 8 is Hanover. eee2 8 72 suianoe Weed, 181; Newhall, 110; Petterson,
f. Upion....8 3 71 | Hom 02 A 742 : : P
: é ‘ 188 Louds y, 145; Quackenbush, 146, Total, 665,
| American, ., © 862 . ‘ae Ole Northirn Sullivan, 126; Bubler, 160; Schuck-
Magara 6 772 | Union. ....506000 10 742 ORC r osteo, seel wenn +e ’
hardt, 132, Starr, 106. Total, 683,
{ ARLINGTON NaTIONAL TOURNAMENT, SFCOND GAME,
| Bleecker......18 4 RSS | Holechen......i 12 700 Alliance—Weed, 144; Newhall, 105; Petterson,
| ALCO. sreverge 16 8 BVO MLM Ma... 810 SXT 07> Lindsey, 100; Quackenbush, 107. Total, 642.
Gotham 15 5 ASL Mar hittasee 7 18 B10 Amercan Williams, 144, Frogvatt, 130; Bint,
TAleon, 14.6 878) Linwood .,,.718 755 | Q01) Morrison, 184, Brown, 150, Dotal, 764
Oradell oveoeeld 8 8738 | Homres'e@d ce Lh B17 | : ;
Weloom@.s.o0018 7 RRA Black Busdaed 1 755 eoine GAME,
| Glendale.s....10 10 255 | Amity, ewoeesss,0 20 722 Northern-Sullivan, 19%; Buhler, 128; Schuek-
btraggler.....1010 680 | hardt 174. Starr, 144, Total 507
| American—Williams, 125, Frozgatt, 120; Bint,
NORTH SIDE LPAGUR, 107, Morrison, 104, Brown, 122, ‘Total, 6764
Knick’bocker 2 © 013 | Swiss-Amer..,.1 1 812
Yontiac W.1...2 0 854 > Vernon......8 1 aie The Importers and Tralers’ team won 80 easily
Proapects..s.02 O 686 | Dolando.......8 1 810 | thar the last t Bonk Clerks’ League tournament
Orchard veceed Lo Bid | Gotham......b Lb TH2 mes at Rei l's alleys ou Saturday night lacked any
2 1 8466 | Pontise W,9,..0 2 BoD fr resting feature, The scores
1 2 897 ! Bronsdalea,...0 2 To one
1 1 880 | Claremont.....0 a 712 | VIDS GARE,
| 1 1 626 | | Mount Morris Kank--McKeever, 182; Wendall,
| ifs, Benedict, 185; Timpson, 146; Gross, 17.
| HARLEM LEAGUE, Total, 748
cniek’bocker15 6 06 Lotus Chase National Bank, Team 2—Jones, 188; Barber,
PION DOR? 12 4 98) Standars 115, Tornipont, 110; Bohn, 115; Smith, 114, Total,
Riverialé..... 8 3 O94  AudUubON...ee 7 ' Gos.
}mptre..coeel! 61308 Grove Hil T1l wie SECOND GAMP,
Belvideto.....11 6 wih Colonial 7 lL Ry? Chase National Bank, Team 2—Jones, 187; Barber,
Oriental.,....32 Ot Central, TLS 022 RH, Tornipout, wo; Bohn, 116; Sinith, 160, Total,
Boulevard.,.. 8 6 #35  Crelon@...ooe 5 8 BSS Bip
Phenig,....... 8 7 848) Premier... B11 053 Importers and Traders’ National Bank—Benn, 170;
Morrie W....610 81006 Frondship b11 812) Gilmour, 145. Marshall, 181, Lupton, 118, Spencer,
Corinthian, ..1910 814 Harlem W..s, 815 YOU | atu Total, Boo
Morningside, 8 0 wal THIRD GAMR,

|
COLUMBIA LFAGUP |
!

  

 

 

Ortental......16 110233 | Promier........9 31 809
Corinthian,...18 1 BR | RowlerBrda.oe.7 IL S17 | G
Beandard,.....18 8 42 | Meccury,.ce...7313 vl i
Empité,..e.0033 8 wird | Audubon,....,.8 21 823 me
Liiverdale....15 6 Y28 | Orrell sone 86 BOT
Helvidete,....16 0 22 Empire City....6 b4 852} I
Morniteside.14 4 904 9 Entorprise.....4172 ) P
owl voce 7 HAL | Pnritan 41 '
Colum bit. ...10 GU 870 | Mephisto 2 ie ’
Village..... «. 8 8 Diamond 003 37 21%
Tlamilton..e0 98 11

 

 

 

 

   

Mount Morris hank—McKeever, 122, Wendall, 118;

enelict, 12%: Tiopeor, Lai, Gross, 15. Total, 074
Luport reand Tr clears’ National Bank—Benn, 1545
ilmour, 10, M hall, 186; Lupton, 182, Spencer,
Total, 805
The ams inthe Casino tournament on Saturday
ghtrestlted as follows:
FIRST GiME,

Orental Mitchell, 1°76; Lehnert, 157; Ocst, 1628
wel, isd; ' mS, 100. Potal, sé

Fulton sroldthorpe, 180; seuwertzer, 118, Duane,

 

  

   

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

| 0; Whitcomb, 142, MeCarthy, 17¥. stal, 750,
THIRTERNTH ENT TOURS AMENT, , ae st 1 “ge z Liv. Total. 75%
“ ND GAME,
Company G,..15 1 Company)... 7 7 #A4A 7
‘ nent k 14 3 Company F ‘a a am Cannon—H, Klum: p, 114; Crocoll, 180; Schlegel,
Company B,..dL 6 74 Companr ft 4.8 a4 | 14%) Bhossing, 160, G. Kiuinpp, 187, Total, das
Yield Mnaie.. w 6 ¢ Company ¢ 41 ; Folton -Goldthor 1.5 Scuweitrer, 141, Duane,
conmpanr Al a4 Compa M412 6 168; Wiuitcoml, bi: MeCarthy, 14s Total, 700
Company E ‘ How it'lCorpa,?11 THIRD AMP
i Company A 8 ' Company I Lia ‘ Oriental —M e'l, 170; Lehne 150; Oost, 1485
WrNTY np pyar Vouvl ! Total, it
| TWENTY-THIND 7 {PNT TOURNA r s 0, 19K: ¢ ij f; Schl
Company K 72 i Arcee ¥ 2 2 AKA 1" mi) « , ei kK , a | 1 "i otal, se eael,
Company B.. 2.0 TAN | Company 1 8 7:6 m : : .
Company O., 2 0 F24 | Company >. 0 2
; Company E.. 8 1 FB) Company A. O 2 ® Bowling Games To-night,
Company H.. 8 1 752 | Company D, 0 4 S25 ,

*Porteited Harlem Leisue Colonial, Lotus and Cyclone, at

i ie Thur & siortaall

j EMT NEW YORE TOVRNAMENT, ‘ io Baterprise, Mephisto and Audus
Fast New York.4 9 84 Whit me..1 1 87h. 1 1 8
Pluses 2 0 441 | Imperial | t t Tee Liberal vs. Our Own, at the
Cornthian.. Imy 32 ts Me 3
Trcelator » O TEL | Carltor 168 771 N , 1 League Rosedale, Chippewa

Atlint one 1 4 Sel) Bushwa WW 2 { and Cori sul ers

Clympia $1 973) Cheunes c 2 tie Iunior Order Unite t Arment an Meehantce—Marthe
, Van Siclen . 3 “7 | Belvidere ».0 4 don , Washinton, At so andl state Bourd, at Fuchsé
Bpiders.......5 8 7h allers i
Wost Side League—Nero, Colona! and Weat shore,
LOND (BLAND CYCLING CLIDS Lat A. at yiraall
Dushwick W. 8 4 852 | Plone r W 4 1 ‘ 4 (lnhs—Section 2—Orchard, Aura
Kings Co, W...7 % 85) Infdane. c 94 4 atthe Arcade alleya,

Grient W 280) 7 ua W...i TUM Sunsvick 2and Sunewick 1, at
Rrookisn B.C 6 4 455) Nossan W 8 9 72
Logan W....++ 4 TAs : F ’ al Arcanum "eagne—Our Conneil
. yn Coun tt 4 od Lenox Council, at

CLASS 1 .
okivn W122 78% ee a a ( tian Clnb va, Carleton
yee ye W ' 1 44 Pore ¥ & 7 : r (.va Club, Aurora Grate
Willian. Wii « Tia] Boole W ( X ( lyn Bicycle Clu
Carroll vars Wii 8 Tae) M 210 v ( ,

De orW 5 9 Avcanuta ivague  sub— Pilla

Defender e } t I t ud Fort Greene
RINGO COUNTY TOUNNAMENT Coon ‘ I ’ Cub :

Templeton sO FS Coln 14 ‘ an? \rl ny N f Wrookiyn Chauncey, Mom

1LD.K 10 2 72 Nia! 1 " aril prt ao tat I ‘ 1 Vall's alleva,

ee ke D Gam! Done ws ‘ Chua Coun'y—Ad \ r and Hnntington,

coe « ' : ‘ I y
Adelnas Oe : ; ’ , 2 : t b & Ok ' wid Putnam, at tho
Olympia... . t n 1 ' r ' va, V siclen, at
A.B, + 4 4 82 ] rd 1 j : aaa W 1 Yell Van sicl a
} PSOGE:.-+ aR a PEs , 4. ve. Nor b Eat
BAY MED Mr ( no '

' f 9 ' . + 9 Hovis ‘ S*. Poter’a wa, at
Planets K ( Liste \ 1s r ‘4 sal
Column ble Bh UD) We ey OOF. g Malnite ! Coty at All Bavuis!
KK A | ' | ! ‘ t 1 ‘

crane } o % Woo 4 e

A ltr vik \ 2 M :
heffig Ciub 2% 2 M48 Wi! Why Does Phe Sun
hhore hd. W. 1.2 2 »* mos cial

me ' vethat s etto do your

MORRIA ANT be ' a uw nal New York thera
Roweviil om WOE Livers 190) In noe man I no man of real subs
‘iritant intl ® th ¢ ' st fins fof honorable
Viret Ward, «ba do i 1 NW | hi read Tae Sun.—4dde,
tlania Ia 78 8 1 i ee
~eag TLEeR

The Connthians beat the ! i wy e GENUINE

teama in the Fast ‘ M

day on The ee

» Bia. te it
t tod vey, 297: Laws, 167, er,
Langenberg 15%: Doeroapu, bar Total, 757.
SECOND GAME
4 At antio-V, Doerzaph, 160; Lam, 155; Wemmige

A

ms nop Wittmar La m10 Won ! , Bee al

 

fhe FIGS

«.» MANUFACTURED BY...
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CQ®
ts NOE TUE NAMB

=

G