a 2 ee Te
a Se

ge ea

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.

* Subscription by Mall, Poatpald.

DAILY, per Month.. 8050

 

DAILY, per Year seeee see Hh

BUNDAY, per Year pbaeeeee

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year mere Te “=
i

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to for ign countrics added
Yur Sus, New York City.

Panis—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevardo vest apucines,

UY our friends why Saver us with manusert pds for

publication wisi to have retected articlea returned, they

must in alicia tend camps for tha! purpose

The Fly and the Universe.
The South rebels against Col, Bryan's
heenanse the South
markets for her
the reeent

antl-expansion impollcy
looks to Asin for new
products, — Encouraged hy
growth of the cotton manufacturing in-
dustry in the Southern States, the Southern
expansionists hope to see the day when all
their cotton will be mannfactured at home
and the surplus manufactured product sent
to the Philippines and China,

The other day the Hon, Jonn F. Frtz-
GERALD, a Democratic Representative in
Congress from Massachusetts, gave his
reasons for being an expansionist. He
sald that the wealth of New England comes,
fn large measure, from her manufactures,
At present these are subject to an active
competition on the part
competition destined to New
England, also, must have new markets and
she finds them in Asia

Thus the North and the South are urged

nerease

by the same needandl instinet. I rboththe
path of prosperity leads across the Pacitie,
Against the insistent ¢ rand of intelli-

 

gent self-interest the daily anti-expansion
eplutter of Col. Bay vy strikes with about as
much effect as one undersized fly, walking
on the ceiling, has on the cosmos

The Perversion of Trust Companies,

The revelations made yesterday concern-
ing the affairs of the State Trust Company,
following closely upon similar revelations
concerning the Produce Exchange Trust
Company a few days ago, indicate a de-
parture by those institutions from the
original purpose for whieh their formation

 

 

was authorized, which, unfortunately, is
not peculiar to them alon:
The acts for the incorporation of trust

companies were passed by the Legislature
in order to pres de
of trust
which have continued existence,
by natural persons, Whose death
necessary the appointment of now trustecs
It was also intended to protect the
ficiaries of trusts against losses from the
dishonesty or incapacity of their trustees
by creating institutions with large capitals
and competent managers to take charge of
trust property. For a long time the pur-
pose was attained, and the early trust coms
panies did a large and profitable business
by acting as trustees in a legitimate way.
Latterly, however, trust companies, as
woe see, have been perverted Into promoting:
companies. They no longer eontine them-
selves to taking on deposit trust property
and investing it in a safe manner, but they
have gone extensively into the under-
writing of industrial securities, and into
furnishing new enterprises with the
needed for thel:
way the Produce Fxehange Compa
up nearly $5,000,000, and now it appears
that the State Trust Company has lent
over $5,000,000 for schemes, whieh how.
ever meritorious, cer
aid from trust funds,
More than this, if

! the administration
estates bs corporate trustees,
makes

bene-

 

Tnoney

In this
!

»}
loeked

ale velopme bt,

 

 

do not deserve

tainiy

almitted that the

Btate Trust Company has violated the law,
both in lending indirectly to its directors
large sums, and in lendingg to other bor.
rowers sums farin excess of the limit to
which the law restriets it. What the pen-
alty is, if any, whieh its oMeers have thus
ineurred, we cannot say, but there ought

to be one and it ought to be enforeed,

British Military Reputations.

The eriticisms of the pene:
conducting the British campaign in South
Afrien, with whieh Pagland
remarkable only in theircharacter, OMcers
whose operations
successful are sur
against them
have previously been military heroes
popular estimationoryather imagit

When t! uth African
special fitness of gener ike Buorury
MeTHvVen fo mumand was doubted
English quarter, unless it might
tary circles jealous of the

Us who :
snow fall, are

are @lmeost untforn
to provoke publ
and all the

Vv iun-

eclameor

 

war leyran the

and

vmili-

pportanity for

distinetion recorded te them, a f there |

ofieer in the

 

were any
titled to sueh
Brit ah weneralbashadat
past than Repvens BULLER, and w
London for the tleld of war

self nor the English pu
aivings as tothe propriety
for high command. 1
the Boers was assiiine Lforepe
sion, for his previousservie

ceontdans as they Ne
fterreeordinthea
enbelett
had any

Mis-
of his eeleetion
rand vietoryv over

hadheen whoelly

 

 

and notably stuecessful, and he was hailed
as a natural leader of men, He had been
{in the British Army for more than forty
years and had risen from th t grade
to the Lieutenant Generaley as a reward!
for services in the field recognized ay
peentiarly distinguished and brilliant. In
Africa, more especially, be had been eon.
eplenous in variou wars and expedi-
tions, had served Chief of Staff to Gen,
Wonsecey in the Soudanecampaign and had
been decorated for personal valor and
extraordinary abilitv as a commander in
the fleld. Gen. Metuves, too, is one
of the most distinguished oMeers in the
British Army, with @ brilliant record
of exactiv such service in the fleld as the
British oMecrs o° the highest distinetion
have obtaine: i now BULLER is de- |
nounced as ol stinate, quarre!some, imprae-

ticable and incompetent, and Mernvuen is

openly deseribed as congenitally insane!
Not a single prominent offleer in South
Africa escapes criticism, whiel sthat
his rise in rank heretofore has nunjusti-

 

fled by any real desert. They
as BOMetLINY Very nearml

arealltreated
taryehariatans

 

 

or as blunderera who are ignorant of the
simplest elements of their profession and
without inherent or wired ability. to
lead traops in action

Meantime these aspersions ere esrried to
even higher quarters, Wonsrney, only so
lately the gre Brulish | . the Com
mander-in-Chief of the Army. | 8 to ln
1eld up to ridicule asa man of an ted
reputation, and the party in the Army of |

Which he is the head makes the same insin-
gation regarding Lord Ropers, still the
popular military heroof England. Krten-
BNER'S laurels, too, are derided as having

op ee er meee

of the South; aj

instead of |

“| any other city?

nono

neither he him- |

neconelus |

2 aes ttn emma
. eg

been easily obtained.
themselves are sald to have no very high
opinion of each other, and the distrust, by
extending to the rank and file of the armies
| in South Africa, after a series of disasters
| to them all, is naturally conducive to
| demoralization. It looks, therefore, as if
| imperative military necessity would requiro
\ the relief of some of the accused officers
| before a successful campaign can be made
| possible, Doubt must be replaced by contl-
| denee, more espectally when the doubt goes
to such extremes as now appear both In
England and at the seat of war itself.
The fact that this popular and military
distrust has no reasonable foundation
and seems to be without special justifica-
tion does not lessen that necessity, though
it is not probable, it is hardly posel-
ble, that any better officers for the task
ean be found,
The experience of the generals already
{n command has been of the same kind as
thatof the British offlcers who have been
| awarded the most distinction and are still
held in the highest esteem by the
| English public, If their reputations are
inflated so are all British military repu-
tations inflated, from WoLsELey and Ros-
Ekts down, They have obtained their rank
apd honors in the very sort of warfare in
| which the most exalted of the British offl-
| vers have had their sole sbhooling. Their
| achievements have been in kind the same
| as those for which WonsgLey and RoBERTs
| recelved military and social rewards ao-
| corded only to the most {llustrious of gen-
| erals. If their performances have not fairly
| entitled them to the measure of credit they
| recelved, 80 also have those of the others
been overestimated by the publte,
The truth is that the ability of no living
British general has been tried under con-

 

  

ditions which can be regarded as a suffi- |

dent test—conditions such as those which
must now be met in South Afriea in) war
ayrminst a vigorous and elvilized enemy
armed with modern weapons, in the use
of which he is expagt, and eonducting war
according to the mo&t modern methods of
civilized armies, The British

  
   
   

If ao, there must be restitution. The social
disqualification and condemnation of the
guilty must be marked, And it ahould be
distinctly understood for the future that
gifts from members of Trusts operating, in
Dr, Hap.ry’s opinion, against the public
good, will be refused,

In particular, the bicentennial should not
be polluted by benefactions from disquali-
fled Trusts, Like other American colleges,
Yale haa been remembered generously by
rich men and women. One of the chief oc.
cupations of a good many of these people in
the United States, is to give money withan
unsparing band for educational and chars
itable purposes. But the young President
of Yale strikes at the hand that feeds him,
We cannot suppose that he will consent to
take money from those whom he regards,
in a sense, as public enemies and against
whom he declaresagocial war, Logically ho
must scrutinize, and in many cases reject,
gifts offered to Yale; and the Trust system
is now so intimately interwoven with the
whole fabric of business that few fortunes
are likely to be pure enough,to satisfy Dr,
HADLey's scruples.

We had not supposed that Dr. Hapiey
was light-headed; and much can be charged
to the rarity of the Colorado air, Still, in
his candle-light talk he trod on many more
feet than the Octopus can muster.

 

 

Republican Harmony.

The Republican National Convention
which nominated Mr. McKinley for Presi-
dent at St. Louls in June, 1896, was com-
posed, exclusive of the representatives of
the Territories, of 802 delegates; but it is
a fact not now generally recatled that
in the eonvention there were 152) con.
tested seats, arising from = factional con,
troversies and rival assertions of regularity
in anumber of States. The oMelal jist of
| contested seats, as made up by the Secretary
of the Republican National Committee, was
| as follows:

Alabama, 20 seats out of 22; California, 4
out of 18; Delaware, all 6; Florida, all s;

Georgia, 10 out of 26, Kentucky, 2; Louisi-

the most | :
‘ 6: Miasiss a whol
| officers are going through an experience | a A out : Co “og “gfe a snd
eR ) 8 ri 20 « es
for which their previous service, no | ©! egation ¢ on ork, MG Of 7
| | North Carolina, 2; Pennsylvania, 2; South
j; matter how long and how constant, | * 2 ee ape
| has not prepared them, and it is an! Carolina, the whole delegation of 18; Ten-
c , ; | ; Texas » whole delegation of
experience as new to Ronerts and, a) 3 rues, ss x " i : a
ss daacunas is Br 4 | 30, and Virginiad. There was also a contest
KircHENER as it was to’ Bunnrrk and | *- ' ec ‘Sole oh ie
Meruven. Their tasks heretofore were over the representation of Arizona, anc tne
m aratively easy They have been following delegates who afterward with-
7 { ” '‘ { |
thr an no . strain of war whieh fur drew from the convention were not in har-
rol ‘ { of °

nished a searching test of their military
abilities. They are all now learning the
art of war in an entirely new sehool, and

they are enduring in the process an ordeal |

whieh will determine for the first time if
England was justifled in the past in heapir
on them the honors of illustrious general-
ship simply because they came back victo-
rious over comparatively feeble foes, As
in 1881, so also in 1900, South Africa is

 

proving a grave for British military repus |

tations.

Yale

Dr. ARTHUR TWINING Hapiry, President
of Yale University, has woven @ new noose
| for the claws of the Octopus, Last week he

and the Octopus.

showed this wondrous {llumination to the |

Candle Light Club of Denver:

“When a man operates atrust against the public
good don't invite him to dinner; don’t callon his
family, disqualify him socially. You say that is an
inoperative remedy. I say {t 18 not, Whenever you
make a man understand that by doing certain things
he is disqualified socially and condemned by public
cpinion you have set in motion the strongest foree
in the business or political world.”

Many hooks have been thrown at the
jaws of leviathan, but the young President

of Yale has forged the queerest of all of |

them. He would deelare a social boyeott

against the wretches who operate Trusts |
which he decides to be against the public |

mun must decide
for of each
whether To be sure, the
enthusiastic Trust sinashers believe or pre-
tend to believe that all Trusts are desper-
ately wicked; but the time of most of these
| gentlemen is pretty well oeeupied by Dollar
Dinners, andtheir social ecomminations may
not be deadly. Buta man in Dr, HADLEY's
| post may be led into strange predicaments
| by his passion for boycotting.
Can Dr. HapLry conscientiously go to
} the annual Yale dinner in this city or in
| Among the promoters and
) managers of large combinations of eapital,
ithe manufacturers, the railroad men, the
hankers, the great lawyers and merchants,
| the masters of commerce and finance and

Obviously each
himself in the
it is good or bad,

iron vl

ease

industry, he will find many graduates of
Yale Few successful or distinguished
Yalensians in law or business are untainted
| by this monster Are they in
| good Trusts only, sweet, helpful Trusts ap-
1 of Dr. Hapiny?
Many of them,
he best among them, may be in combina-
ions that can never pass his rigid oxami-
nation, The young President cannot enter
the banquet hall. He eannot make friends
of the MamMMos of unrighteousness or bienk
bread and salt with monopolists, He will
| have to stay away from the dinner and
show them that they are disqualified so-
| cially and eondemned by publie opinion to
i the extent it is represented by the Presi-
dentof Yale. As that atern young ostra-
civer reads the triennial catalogue, and sees
honored names of faithful sons of
Yale must be put upon the black list his

of monopoly

 

z

| prove

and perhaps some of
|

hone

i} t
\ 1

Iwhat

bowels will be moved for them, but duty is |

| duty, The strongest foreein the business
or political world must be exerted against
the offenders.

It may bea little mortifying tothe learned
| young ostracizer to reflect, as he will in
| time, that in spite of all his zeal, the ostra-
| e{zed workers of iniquity are not likely to

auffer. There is no starving the dogs, They
keep too good eooks and give too good
| dinners; and human virtue, as a rule, ean-
not breathe upon those heights whence
Hap Ley, the Octopus Killer, hurls his
| social ban, Tohisaseetic view it may seem
that he is punishing the wieked by nat
| lining with them;to the weaker brethren
} it will seem that he is punishing himself,
We fear that the rascal monopolists will not
at the President's eurse, A good
| inany of their friends are monopolists, too,
They will not be absolutely lonely, even if
he withdraws the light of his countenance
fromthem, Persons who do invite him to
dinner will have to be careful to inelose
| with each invitation an affidavit that they
;are not eoneerned in any Trust that is
against the publie good,
Dr. HADLEY renounces all social
relations with members of
Trusts, much more must he renounce all
business relations with them; and favors
from them he must seorn, The corporation
and the sty un.
pleasant inevitable consequences, Has any

wince

|
|
|

sinee

university. may some

portion of the endowment of Yale been re. |

evived from sourees tainted by monopoly?
Have any of its new buildings or
, other great reeent gifts been a product of

the vast fortunes amassed under the
| modern methods of business combination?

   

Trust, |

It is too much to

disapproved |

mony with its policy, though their title to
regularity was not dispated: Colorado, &,

the whole delegation; Idaho, 6, the whole |

delegation; Utah, 8, half the delegation;
Nevada, 2, a third of the
{and Montana and South Dakota 1 each
a total of 21, Inthe subsequent balloting
21 constituencies were not repre.
) sented, but the various contested eleetions
| had meanwhile been deeided in accordance
| with the evidence in the

Later there were rival Republican elee-
toral tickets in Louisiana, ther
Republican State tickets (assuring the sue-

delegation,

these

various

 

‘Were ri

 

| ceas of the Democratic candidates) in Dela-
| ware, there were rival Republican State tick-

eta in Nevada, and the factional differences

which existed before the holding of the St,
| Louis convention continued during the
earlier part of the canvass, and it required
| the efforta of the National Committee to
) adjust them, though the task was mad
easier by the fact that the contests were in
States so strongly Demo ie as to make
futile, in practical effeet, the efforts of loeal
Republicans, whether divided or united

On March 4 next, the Mehiniey Adminis.
tration will have been in oM for three
| years, and about that time, between Mareh
4, 1900, and June (the date of dhe Reprube

 

 

 

THE SUN,

 

her {dols stubbornly if she can resist these
tongues of lightning.

 

Prof. FP. Spencer Batpwin of Boston
University is lecturing on “Some Gains from
Expansion,” which he calle a settied fact and
vational policy.” He asserta that “It will ele-
vate the whole tone of our national life.”

———

Whila Wrxsrow and BoutTweLn and ATKINSON |

are Jtraining thelr eyes in the vain endeavor to
cach a glimpse of their lost Em1iro's heels, the
enemy, brutal, aggressive and
hopeful, possesses Bostou, The Anti-[mperi-
allst League needs to do more home mission-
ary work,

THE SITUATION IN SOUTH AFRICA,

 

| Thehigheat tribute to the terribly destruc-
tive power of the repeating rifle in the hands

lof determined men, oecoupying well-

| selected and properly Intrenched positions, 1s

| to ba found in the letters of the correspondents

|

j

cool,

with tho British troops in South Africa that
have appeared in the English papers, It is
| hot necessary to real between the lines
| to that the effeet the
| fire from the Boer intrenchments
|
|

sou of
oceasion that the Britiah have attacked was 80
absolutely and instantaneously crushing and
demoralizing that, at Magersfontein,
Stormberg and Colenso, the British troops first

as

disgustingly |

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.

Views of the Surrogate of Erle County,

To tux Eprron or Tue SUN Sir: Tun
Sun's editorial on “Jury Trials in Surrogate’s
Courts,” prompts me to give my views in an-
swer, [cannot believe that additional avcon-
motationa for jurors and the remodelling of
court rooms by enlargement, and the addition
of court ofoers to Le appointed to attend upon
Jurors during their deliberation, would require
any Increased expenses; nor add to the elyil
list ofthe State, There are twenty-nine Sur-

 

| ToRates in the different counties of this State,
| ineluding twoin New York eounty, Who per-

; are

Mauser |
on each |

| staggered before the hail of bullets and then |

precipitately retired, On Oet, 30, the day of the
sortie from Ladyamith and the surrender at
Nicholson's Nek, Gen, White's right column, it
ts now known, fell hack in the utmost confusion,
the three battalions composing it aweeping
through their supporting artillery and reach-
ing the British lines around Ladysmith, angry.
weary and dispirited. These facts aro not to
be ignored, and illustrate the necessity of an
immediate change of tactics in the attack If it
{is to keep up with the dufence

The descriptions of the staggering effect of
the Boer tire redeem in a great measure the
character of the British solidiors who suffered
from it, for as one reads them it seems dificult
to believe that any troops could have withstood
fy and especially when delivered from behind
euch well-constructed and prateeted intreneh-
as the Boers had, Every one, of
course, sees now that the frontal at-
tuck is to be avoided wherever practicable, but
there may be oceasions when no other course
ig open toa General but to deliver one, The
great German strategist, Von Moltke, In atren-
tise written after the Danish war, entitled “On
the Influence Which Arma of Precision Will
Have Upon Tucties,” says:

“\ skilful General will often be able to
choose defensive positions of a nature eo offen-
sive that the enemy will be obliged to attack
thom

At the time this was written the needle gun
was the most perfect type of amall arm known,
but the prineiple ettll holds good, No doubt
the British commanders in South Africa have
} learned a Jesson and we shall not see mauy
more of such frontal attacks as have taught it

 

ments

aan

tothem, but there must arise occasions when, |

| to succeed in flanking movements, it will be
! found necessaryto dislodge the enemy from
just such positions as Von Moltke contem-

 

plated a skilful General selecting.

Phe question arises whether in the losa of
nildenee that seams to prevail in the
Dritish forees in South Africa between the men
and the ers, it will be possible to restore
the situation without a radieal change of plan
and with new men, It is quite
ce ear that conventional {deas and methods will
haveto be abandoned, and leaders quick to
seize opportunities and apply — tactics
applicable to each occasion that presents
{txelfinust be selected. The unfortunate part
of jt forthe British ts that their officers have
had noschoolin whieh to develop new ideas,
any one showing a tendency to progress
nd the orthodox accepted system
hong placed under ban. If, therefore, the

mutual ex

 

und tactics

British flag is to be hoisted in Pretoria in
the near future, the capable men have
yet to be discovered, for at present

they are not known, In the meanwhile it is
not to be supposed that the Boer commanders,
who have displayed tho skill of whieh Von
Moltke speaks, will show any diminution of it
when the new experimental methods which
say be looked for on the side of the British
br play against them. The

t into

   

rages National Convention in’ Philiwdlelphta aney that bas marked the opera-
is June 19), delegates will be elected in tl ms oof all the British Generals, except
various States under conditions more 1. French, since the three decisive cheeks
}marked in respect toe harmony than ey sustained, proves how deep has been the
ever before in the Repul in party In tof them both on the leaders and the rank
the doubtful States of the Unio n 1 file, andthe man who ean litt the ——-
nie tofthe nti 1 y ec .
those which have not been steadfast | 26s our of he pain ul situation in whieh the
. , , : | Duteh farmers, with the Mausers in their

in their allegiance to ¢ r party, | ; : ‘ican ; ag
} 7 ; } hanes, have placed them, will merit ail the
| sae harmony MONK  Repunleans — 1S | powards his countrymen have to bestow on
almost without precedent. Instead of a} im. In the meantime it is eaay to under.
turbujent and almost rictous convention and the anxiety that weighason the British

f delevates-at-larye, as

| for the nomination

was the ease in New York four yours ajro,
!

|

|

|

present indications point to complete wn

nimity, and, probably, to a unaniinous vote

  

! from the sixtvane counties, In Tilinois
| and Indiana the harmony among Repube
lieans is complete; there are no longer
any rival factions in) those two States,
and throughout the whole of New
England there is) discernible ho
State and in no Congressional district
| a ripple of controversy as to party regu

      

lavity among Republicans, and t! me
| eondition of affairs prevails in party «
| ells on the Pacifie, The eonfliet whieh he
| been going on in Missourd between the
| rival Republican factions there, whieh
dates back for twenty-five y naa
at Inst been adjusted, ;
turbing elements among the .
1 Republicans, long divided between ‘s
| Lily-whites” and the Hiaalsanihtns
have been eliminated, From present

indications there will not be more than a
dozen contested seats in the next Repub
liean National Convention, if so many, and
the explanation of this
ganization compared with what
ease four vears ago is to he
widespread and universal popularity of the
policies of whieh the MeKinley Administra-
tion {8 the representative

eontrastof party or-
the

und in the

Wis

 

 

|
|
The friends of Demoeratic harmony in

Tilinols have mate fruitie sto reconcile |
the Harrisonians and the Altgeldiana. fn van
have Col, Bryanand the Hon, Buen Hinnton-
sENand other great men been collected about
the soejal board. The soelal feclings of the
organization Democrats dry up at the ¢tl tht

j of the Ion. Jom~ Parpon AntorLp, There is
only one Democrat in the eountry who ean
ollthia abominably rusty situation: only one
Demoerat who ean make these brethren es-
tranged weep into the same salad bowl, Col.
Bint Brown should be sent forat once

The Hon. Tuomas FE. Barkwortu of
Jackson, Mich., ought to be
town by some of the Chicago Platform Demo-
crats. He is fullofgenuine Bryanism, Speak-
Ing to the tonst * Prosperity” at the Jackson
Day feast in Chicago, he said

“The increase of prosperity is aclear misnomer
At best it is buta diminution of adversite,”

mported to this

 

This is the true spirit. Tn the midst
of the millions which enable our pluto-
erates to live in Juxury unparalleled jn history

and dazzling to the world,” continued the
Jacksonian Jacksonian, “adollar a dav from
the bounty of the Trust is labor's portion.”
Thisis no light to hide under a bushel, The
Hon. Tuomas BE. BARKWORTH Js needed [yn New
York,

 

 

There will be a feast and a flow when
Col, BRYAN goes to Boston, Adinner in
Faneuil Hall, between Land 2 P. Mo; a recep.
tion and massmeeting in Mechanics Building
in the evening. “The speakers,” says the
Transcript, “will be the tinest the party can
produce.” Consequently they will be Gol,
Bryan, the Hon. Jonn PaRDon ALTGELD, the
Hon. Joan Jacop Lentz and the Hon, Georae
Farp Wittiama, An unequalled parliament

Government nnd people ia view of the uncer-
tainties that confront them,

 

  

 

 

form the of Surro-
other Sur

Surrogates,

duties and functions
gate in that capacity alone. All
rogaton, not including Special

also =County Judges. At the sug
gestion of the minorlty leader {fn the
Assembly last year, it was deemed advisable
to make the terms for the trial of issucs of fnct
In the bill presented by me, so far as practic.
able, cofnetdent with the terma of the County
Court of each county, and to use on such trinls
the jurors drawn for such term of the County
Court
{ng the County Court
itself into

to immediately
tRurrogute’s Court for the

resolve

probate cases and to ube the identical jurors
drawn for such term of the County Court,
This would in no way inerease the expense,

nor require additionaloMecers to attend upon

the jurors and take eharge of them during
their deliberations, In other words, it would
in @ Konse, be simply a continuation of the
term of the County Court, though ita business
would he temporarily confined to tho trial of
probate cases

In other counties where the Surrogate is @
special oMleer the same reuson apples with
equal forcathat the terms ot the Surroewate tor
the trial of issues of fact shall be coineident
with the terms of the County Court, for fn that
event the same jurors drawn forthe County
Court Would be used inthe trial oi issues of
fact in probate cases by the Surrogate, And
again, in thisevent there is no ndiditional ax.
pense counected with this system since there
wre alwaysa large number oo jurors waiting to
heealled in any parttoular caseand they would
be nsed in the trial before the Surrogate

I have been assured by the Commissioner of

 
 
  

 

 

of Jur ro ohine county that ne additional
eNpe yuld be ndded by such syeten:, and
therefore ussume the same woull be true in
otber counties

The theory of the bill contemplates very fow
trials by jury. dt would be the exception rather
than the rule, and this upon the hypothesis
that where @ trial bas been had before the
Surrogate and his judgment being conclusive
until set aside upon appeal or reversed for
other cause, unless che moving party really
had a meriterionus ease, it is questioned
whether an effort would Le made to again trv
the some cause before the same officer: and
that the jury is only an ineldent ofthe bill, No
other way Was possible to preserve the com-
mon law right of juryon questions of tithe,

Itis hard to_eoneeive that anv court room
would be insuffleiently large to accommodate
aojury. In those counties where Surrogates
are special oMicers tha eounties are usually
large enough tosupply the proper. aecommos
dations, and in other eounties where Surre
gitesare also County Judges the aceommoda-
tions for jurors followas a matter of course,

The Statu ory Revision Commissioners saem

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

to have ndopted the main idea of the bill pre-
} sented in ISV7, but have gone a step farther,
confining the issues to one trinj, and it is

worth serious study {in ascertaining whether
or not this is practicable, For myself, Lam ine
clined to favor one trial, but the nature of the
business, however, teing so radically different
from the issues usually tried bet no oplain-
tiffs and defendants forces me to recognize
different considerations which seem insur-
mountable

Atterall if the trial of probate cases, as recom.
mended by the Commissioners, upon the de-
mandofanyparty isto be moved into the Su-
preme Court, it isa pertinent question to ask,
what is the purpose of the Surrogate’s Court?
It is coneeded to be a court of original Jurisdie-
tion on probate matters. recognized by the
Constitution, though net a constitutionally
Created court,

The development of the probate court has
been a gradual but steady separation from the
coinmon law and chancery courts, and has re-
aulted ina practical recognition of probate jus
riadieti on ! an! independent

 

 

   
 

 

as @ distinct
branch of the law, based upon and determined
by ftsown inherent prineipes

Tt seems hardly possible ty reconcile the
trinl ofa probate case on the same lines asa
enue tried between a plaintifand defendant,

1 am quite satisfled that the repealing of
those aections for revocation of probate which
denies to any party one year’s time in which to
retry or revoke the ortginal probate, is a
dangerous and not well considered change It
forecloses the right of litigants in the first
instance, that istosay, upon the return of the
citation, when it is alinost finpossible in

 

 

  
   

the average case to determine whether a
contest should, or should not properly
he interposed The nature of the testi.
mony to suecessfully eontest a will is
the result of caretu ty and sifting on the
part of the attorney as t 1 information and
ltestimony gathered by him. In this. ft ts
wholly unlike the usual work of an attorney

!

} test, even tl

The only activity reported from — the
British side «three reconnvissances, One
jwas by a detachment of Canadians and
| Queensli ers with six guns, under

Co Pilcher, from Belmont across the
Jyoe State border, tn which they de-
stroyed the farm of the Boer Commandant
Jat Jacobs ta \nother waa made by Gen,
| Methuen’s cavalry for twenty-five miles into
the Prea State. They found the country clear
and woooonly me patrolling parties.
; On the cepor: that the Boers had evacuated
| Stormbery and gone to Colesberg,Gen, Gatacre
madeat nossance up the railway Hne, but
ng sStormberg still occupied and the Boers
} refusing to be drawn, he returned to camp,
|
| Typhotd Fever in South Africa,
| Fiom the Medical Record,
| Prof ni writing in the Journal of
Teoperl Meloune, says: “Typhoid fever isthe |
\ st prevalent and fatal disease in South
| rica, Inthe Galeaka Gaika war it was stated
1 the pr mie tieal oMeer to have been
| foubte most eerionsa disease during

 

‘war Inthe Zulu war of N78 typhold ap-
irediat

 

the headquarters at Helomakvar and
Jat Korke’s Drift in the middle of February, ace
mpa ! by diarrhea and dysentery. Help-

  

nesounhealthful thatit had to be
VACUA The troops were moved to Utrecht
J and Dundee, but the fever immediately broke
thoth these pl

cor id in the lenst that water may

 

 

  
      

not bea vehicle, and possibly the principal vee
1 baie of typhoid infection, but there are many
j reals thateannot recetve ao comfortable
lanex nation. Someof them are strikingly

| limited and thetr limitation is rarely in aceord-
imoe with the distribution of the water supply

 

    

   
  

   

 

  

we Ito be polluted
“Dr Jarnies en of Pietermaritzburg, from
his oheervations in South Afriea,eame to the
| eone n that typhoid fever depended chietly
pon infected cattle. He deaeribes a specific
nreritis occurring In calves, subject to relapses
yp andy ntagious, ! holes chat the excreoe
} ment animals; 1 with this distemper,
on gaining Ppecess in any wayinto the human
| body, will give rise to typhoid fever, He holds
j} that typh fever thus arose in a great mens.
| Ure among the British troops in the Zulu war.”
The Burrowing Traitor.
| Fromthe Rockland Courimr- Gagette

|} Erving Wilson, one of the Boston cranks, who,
under the fan “auth-imperialistic league,” te
| practising treason by encouraging the Filipinos to
shoot Amert to a Rockland yen
|

Age ¢

in sol tiers, wrot
tleman fora Hstof Republicans opposed to McKin-

ley'a poltey inthe Philippines, The Boston crank

gota quick reply thatthere were no such Republi
| cans in Rockland; they were all loyal Americans,

believed in backing up the soldier boys on the fight:
| ing neat Manila, and supported the Adminiatra-
tration, So much for the Atkinson-Wilson propa-
ganda in this part ot Maine.

A Democratic Journal Anxious for Trade,
From che St. Paui Daily Globe,
What is Congress doing to supplement the efforta

 

 

 

of our soldiers and sailors in the Philipptses witha
| view tothe ultimate control of Oriental trade? It
proposes to bald apan san wreyhound #ervice on
e Atiantc tinder the American flag. Will this aid
win the Orfent? Will ‘nable na to compete @ith
the Ulehly subsidized Canadian steamship line run-
nine tt Vancouver to Oriental porta?
Weare, 48 aina't ‘fact, doing nothing, or prac-
| tically next to nothing

Progress of the Christian Science Movement,
From the Medical Record,

Mrs. Mary Baker Eddy, the head of the Christian
Science cult, has, it is announced, given her son a
check for $10,000 and @ house worth $15,000 as o

| curistmas present,

 

perv reyes om

|
|
j
|
|
|

who ts always made acquainted with the facts
ofa defence inth al andevervday lawsuit
between plaintiffand defendant

What becomes ofthe estate pending a con-
ougharule shall make it a pree

   

Nea

 

   

 

ferred © Shall a temporary administrator
be apy hy the Surregate or Supreme
Court, orshall theicurisdiction be concurrent

 

on the subjseet

Why divide the jurisdiction of this court
upon the notion or whim of any contestant?
Ought not the jurisdiction of probate courts
extendtoa!ll matters necassariivy involved tn
the disposition of the estate of pere
eons from the time ofthe owner's death until
the property has been placed in the possession
of thosato whom it devolves? To my mind,
the Surrogates Court will never exercise its
true functions until its Jnrisdietion is thus ex.
tended, though it is admitted that such power
does not exist in the court in any of our
States

sinee no branch of the law concerns the gen-
eral public so univer yaund alfeets theirin-
terests so directly, any effort to control and
influence shaping the law and regulating the
settling of estates of deceased persons quickly

lacensad

 

 

      

 
 

and at the least expense, avoiding the “holding
np’ process so Much vogue, must afterall
be waleomed, The procedure must be si le
and oMfetont, and no court seem to offer the
solution so satisfactorily as the Surrognate'a
Court, there intricacies of pleading and pit

 

falla of practice are almost unk
SURROGATES OFFICE, Lov!
Burraro, N, Y., dan, 10

wn
W, Marcus.

Fictions About Bayon Charges and Bayo-
net Wounds,

From the Army and Navy Jowrnal,

Some of the stories about bayonet charges and
bayonet wounds comtog from the battlefields of
Sonth Africa, which appear to be take
civilians, are simply humor
with the actual experiences of
cal and Surgical History of the War of the Rebel-
lion,’ we find this statement under the heal of
‘Flesh Wounds of the Upper Extremitioa:”

“Over 60,000 eases, or about a fifth of all the
wounded reported by name, Were returned ag shot
flesh wounds of the upper ertreni There were
wixty examples of bayonet wounds of the
fleehy parts ofthe arm, or forearm, or hand, and
forty-four cases of similar injurtes by other pointed
weapons, There wereeighty instances of sabre cuts
of the upper extremities,”

This is in the proportion ofa litt!e more than one
hundredth of l percent of bayonet wounds, or 725
onet wound,

Asa bayonet
wottnd is more likely to be inthe upper extremities

seriously by
isto those aeqnainted
war. In the *'Medi-

  

ties,

nine

 

shot wounds to one ba

 

than in any other portion of the hody, it is appa-
rent that the proportion of the whole number of
bayonet wounds would be no greater, N is itat

ail likely that the proportion can be any
where the modern weapons with thetrlong range
etiil more widely separate the fighting lines, Is it
strange, then, that we should have small rvspect for
the English newapaper accounts of the behavior of
the British soldier in battle when we find them filled
with reports of bayonet encounters?

wrenter

“Silencing a Gun,’

From the Army and Navy Jeourna’
There is a great deal of ignorance what
‘silencing a gun’ means. A gun ia silenced when
the gunners are disabled or driven back and the gun

to

  

as

orguncarriage damaged. It i4 a common enough
phenomenon for weapons which have thos been
silenced to reopen fre after repairs have been

mate, the gunners rallied, or afresh gun crew ob
tained. Itis a rare thing fora gun to be so damaged
by hostile fire that it cannot be refitted aud brought
into action again, “l saw,’ seve Prince Kraft of
the German Artillery in the battle of Gravelotte,
“many guns during the cannonade lying miserably
on the ground! ‘winged,’ that is, with a broken
wheel, But not one was withdrawn; the injured
guns were always speedily repaired with the help of
the wagona, which were near, so that at the close of
the battle Teould not tell exactly how many pieces
had been put temporarily out of action.’ The Vaey
League Journal of London saya this expert opinion
should put 4 stop to ignorant witticiams on the fre-
quent silencing at Ladysmith of Long Tom,” aa the
Higgest of the Boervuns was called, The navy had
day after day to lock afterthia weapon and dose tt
with lyddite shelle, but on each oceasion the work
was skilfully done,

 

Queer Cab Fine in Washington,
From the Washington Star.
A haeok driver bas just been fined tn the police
oourt for maintaining an unsightly vehic'o in the
public sedjice,

eer hn

Se Se a

     

aa)

 

of genius, Massachusetts must be joined to | JURY TRIALS IN SURROGATE'S COURTS,

| revenue bonds for the payment of teache

This was done forthe purpose of allows |

trial of |

 

 

THE DELAY IN PAYING THE TEACHERS,

 

AStatement by School Commissioner Charles
C, Burlinghan.

To rue Eprron ov Tax SuN--Sir: Bo much
misunderstanding haa arisen and so many
falee impressions nave been Alasem|nated
about the delay in paying teachers’ salaries
for December, that TE think it proper tomakea
plain statement of the facts.

The technical question raised by the Comp:
troderis whether the proceeds of the sale of

8

salaries in the boroughs of Manhattan and The
Bronx under the Ahearn law are in excess of
the actual requirements of the School Boar!
Undoubtedly the Comptrotler has the right to
assure bimeelf that the city’s moneys are not
being improperly expended, but his aending for
certain books and recoris kept by the Borough
Superintendent !s mere gallery play. ;
Since the Ahearn law took effect, April 20,
1S), the salaries of those teachers who are
benefited by it, for example,
have served imeritoriously for fifteen years,

 

+ boats of 00 tons,
a

teachers who |

consist of two items, the amount payable under |

the salary achedule in fores, and the difference |

between thia sum and the mintmum provided
by the Ahearn law. The payrolis now awaiting
the approval of the Comptroller give him sulti-
cient information to determine in a few min-
utes whether the money called for {8 being
properly expended, Thus, the payrolia wh eh
show the additional sum required to pay these
mandatory increases for the period from April
25, when the law took offect, to the end of the
next month, May 31, a period of one and one-
fi’th months, will foot up as follows:

Teachers—-minimum rate of $900......... $5,442.68
900. .. 8,619.72
cece 88,970.28
veces 10,874.70
ceeee 6,107.08

 

 

1,200.

First Assistants

 
 
 

Principals,

Vice-Principale.......... 841.00

Teachers (12-year men)......eeer eres 1,540.20
For 1 1-5 months coe veveccererceceses@tapnOG.O8

This being the additional amount made nec-
essary by the mandatory provisions of the
Ahearn bill for principals and teachers in the
boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx for oue

and one-fifth months, itis asimple matter of
arithmetical caleulation to aseertain the
approximate cost) from April 25 to the

lose ofthe year, Ifthe total salary expense
for one and one-fifth months is $72,206.61,

from Apri! 25 to Dee. 31, Lat, $405,822.

As only $422,000 has been added tothe funds
of the Sehool Board by the sale of revenue
bonds under the Ahearn act, it fs plain that the
Sehool Board ts using @ surplus of appropria-
tion already in hand to pay a portion of the ex-
poenses ovcasioned by the Ahearn act,

There is no reason why the Comptrol'er
should not satisfy himself that the School
Board and {ts officials are doing their work

| honestly and efficiently, but also there is no

reason why he should hold up the salaries of
the teachers and employ the services of a large
number of clerks at the expense of the elty to
do work which is entirely unnecessary,
Cuarres ©, BURLINGTMAM,
New York, Jan. 1.

CENSUS BUREAU PRINTING,
An Effort to Secure Authority to Have the
Work Let Out by Contract,

Wasaincton, Jan. 14—Direector Merriam

| and leading oficials of the Census Bureau are

opposed to allowing the printing of returns of
the census to be done by the Government

| Printing OMee, and an effort is being made to

secure authority to have the work let out by
contract to other printers, An amendment
was considered by the House Census Commit.
tee yesterday providing that allthe returns re-
lating to population, vital statistics, manufac.

tures and agriculture be let out to printers by
contract, leaving only a comparatively emall
amount of subordinate matter to_be done by
the Government Printing Offles. The amend-
ment was agreed to by the committee and will
be favorably reported tothe Honse,

There wasagreat deal of opposition tothe
amendment in the committee, for tt was as-
serted by the opponents of the measure that
the Government Printing Offlee ‘a well
equipped for doing the work and that an enor.
mous expense for printing would be involved
by letting it out by contract. The ground
taken by the Census bureau and by the advo.
cates of the amendment is that the Govern.
ment Printing OMice cannot possibly complete
the work within the limjt of two years pre-
xeribed by law. Ttisagued thet the slowness
in printing the last census returns fs an indi-
eation of this.

 

Daniel Webster's Paper Cutter,

Joseph M. Terry of Peconle, L. I. has pre-
sented a valuable relicof Daniel Webster to the
Suffolk County Historical Society. It is an
ivory paper cutter which Mr. Webster used for
anuinber of years in his brary at Marehfleld,
Mass. Webster gave tt to Charles Taylor, then
a boy ,whos» father was at the time manager of
Mr. Webster's tarm, Loung Taylor preserved
the relic and several years ago while residing
near Mr. Terry's house gave {t to him,

The Drummers’ Reply.

Commercial travellers don't want to sel] goods in
territory obtained by conquest,—(Col. W. J, Bryan at
Travelling Men's banquet, Lincoln, Neb.)

Come off there, Willis,

Ifa drouth

Could have itself

Fixed in your mouth

Vor several years

And puta rtop

to what we know

In notacrop

Of any valug,

It would do

A lot of good

For us and you

Say, Colonel,

Io you think you'll bln#

‘The Yankee Nation

Hy such cuff

As that we do

Not want to aell

Our goods to any one

On earth’ Go tell

Thatto the Aunties,

We're out to sell

The stulf, and we

‘Take as our field,

Infinity.

We'ro limitless in seope,

And yo

Through torrid zones

And lands of snow;

From sea to era,

From Pole to Pole,

We cireumnavigate

The whole

Commeretal world,

And every place

Whore man ia,

(here is our sample case,

Conquest rejacted?

We're conquerors onrselves, and we

Fight forthe trale

On land and sea

In every clime,

On every shore,

We re crowding through
he open door,

We do not stop

To question why

Or what a country ia;

Ifit will bny

The goods we offer,

Phatisall

We aak of this

Terrestrial ball,

And most of all, Bill,

Sny where

‘The Flagia, mind you,

We'll be there;

And there for keeps,

You bet your boots

We don’t intend

To loose the fruita

Of victory and what

Was done for ua

When lIigwoy got

Manila Bay

And everything that cane his way,

Oh Bill, Oh Williebill, go get

Thee to@ nunnery and let

The vow of atlence seal your lips

Ayainat the multitude of slips

You're alwaya making,

Can't you seo

A limit to our

Charity?

And aa for us—

Well, watch the trade

Come down the road

“Conquest” has made,

 

W, J, Lamrron,

eee

    
       

mE NAVY.

TUR INCREAS* OF

Sixty-one Vessels Now Under Construction
rv Authorized The Armor Question,

 

 

Whilethe HouseCome
mittee on Naval Affairs has already taken up
the matter of the Naval Appropriation biti),
there is nointention to hurry it to the Hons
It will be tlie, probably two monthe,
before it is reported, UCnusuntecare will be de.
voted to the preparation of the bill by the com.
nilttee, Theopimlon of the members of tha
committce seoins to bo unanimously tn faver of
jocrousing tbe navy, although there ia doubt tn
tninds of several as to how fae
this increase should go. Beeretary Le
has recommended an approvriution for thre
armored cruisers of 18.000) tons, thraa pros
tected ernigersof 8,000 tons und twelve gune
Last vearthe Appropriation
t pave the navy three baitleshins, threa
armored cruisers and six cruisers. This was
eonsidered a liberal addition, although provia-
ion for threa protected cruisers asked by the
Secretary ofthe Navy was withheld, During
the warm disprte over the matter ofarmor and
a Covernine rmior plate plant, a clause waa

Wasnrxcrox, Jan t4

sone

 

inserted in the bill providing that contracta for
the hutla of the vessels eould be Jet until
after contracts had been made for the arnoer

within the price (ued be Congress As if tos

   

heen impossible to obtain armor at this pri
tothing haa been done toward the construe.
tion of the battleships and armored erujsers
The importanee of the situation confronting
Congress this aession in remard to this armor
question is much greater than iOwas last sos.
sion, Noton'y is there less probability that
the manufacturers will consent to accept the
price tixed by Conwresa becanse they have
yeen able to hold out so successfully, but the
greatadvance in the priees of steel and fron

makes it practically certain that no armor ean
be obtained within the price set, and it is
doubtful ifeven at the olf fleures the manu
facturers ofarmor plate would eare to rigk ©
contract for the enormous amount of plate
whieh will be needed for the battleships ant
cruisers underthe last bil and those which
wi!l he included tn the next annronriation bh
Additional commications are expected) from
the expectod contest over the Government
armor plate factory proposition. Bat whether
the factory scheme gets throurh this a
or not, something must be done to provide
armor plate forthe navy any more armored
vesse's are to be added to it

\t present the Unite | States hae uncer eon.

 

 

struction or anthorized sixtyeone vesaels. ‘Phe
list Comprises eight battleships under con.
struction, three sheathed battleships author
{ved, three sheathed armored crnfsers author
ized: seven sheathed protected erulisers, four
monitors and one gunboat, cuthorized; om
training ship, ten torpeda boat deatroyera

 

then it will cost for eight and one-fifth months, | geventeen torpedo boats and one snboarine

torpedo boat
This woald appear to be a formidable addie
tion tothe navy were it not for the faet that
while the United States is conatructing a total
of 128,236 tons of warships, every nation of
prom inenees is building more, with the exeep-
tion of Italy, France has 255.508 tona unde
eonstruetion and England 831.080. An enor.
mous inerease in the German Navy is expected,
Under these cirenmstanees, it is belleved
members of the House Naval Committees thar
Conwress will act liberally toward the navy
but with the deatre of the Speaker and of the
Administration to keep the appropriations
down aa much as possible, eanecially while the
army expenditures are so large

 

 

COMPUTSORY SERVICE

MITITIRY

Advocated tor England on the Model ef
the System of Switzerland,
From the Nineteenth Century Magazine,

To multiply our present mereenary British
army with ita short-service and reserve men by
three, or four, or five, is nodoubt possible,
presume it can be doneat a price; but the
price would be prohibitive. Even as it is wa
can barely attract recruits enough, many of
them of utterly inadequate quality, to keepun
our home and colonial establishment of 183,-
000, which means 131,000 in these islands, tne
eluding departmental corps and non-combat+
ants of all kinds, ‘To go intothe labor market
and attracta much larger body would involve
a large inerease of the soldier's and the resery
ist’s pay, pension and. allowances, We could
have, I dare say, 800,000 men as good nathe
Metropolitan police or the Gordon Highlanders
if we chose to find the tooney for thems but
even the British Empire cannot afford so cosuy
u luxury. .

Compulsory service seems the only way of
meeting the diMflealtv; nor ean believe,
after the warnings of the present war, that [t
will be serfously resisted. That we should
have aconseription in the continental sense it
seems unnecessary to propose, There would
be no occasion to lock up the youthful mane
hood of Britain for two or three years in bare
racks. It would seem that an adaptation of the
Swiss sygtem would fulfll most of our require.
ments, In Switzeriand there is a militia whiel
has wained the praise of some of the best
Freneh and German writers, and which is sai

one

 

 

to be at once cheap, practical, popular and
efficient, Every mateperson in the Confedera-
tion {a liable to militarwservies from the ages

 

of twenty to fifty, For the first twelve years hu
ia in the Auszug, or Elite; for eight years more,
from his thirty-second to his fortieth birthday,
he is in the Landwehr; and after that he passes
into the Landsturm, or {inal reserve, which
would not be called cutexcept in the last exe
tremity

There ia a nermanent general staff, with
certain departmental and seentife officers and
regimental instructors; otherwise the officers

 

and ‘non-coms’ are civilians like the mena,
The Federal Governmens ind the Cantons pros
vide arms, equipmentlothing, stores, unis
form, drill-hets, and shooting-ranges, The

troops of the Elite, or active army, are sent, on
joining, to a “school of recruits,” where they
are trained for eighty daysin thecavalry, forty.
five days in the infantry, fiftv-tlve days in the
artillery, and fifty day@ inthe onwineers, with
shorter periods forthe transport and departe
mental corps. Afterthis they discharge ther
military obligations by aten-days traint
barracks or under canvas, annual
cavalry, and aixteen or eighteen days ©

  

   
 

yenrs forthe infantry and artillery e
cers Are promoted from the ranks, and f
quired to qualify by examination and by
ous periods of study at the military sehoo!

Forthe Landwehrand Landstrum man. there
fan week's training every four years; and when
he has passed into the Landsturm it is enough
for the citizento atrend one long dav’s parade
annually toshow thet he has his weapons in
good order, and has not forgotten how to use
them.

It will be sean at onee that the Swiss system

dons not devote too much time to the ettizer
solitier’s military education. Ao private of ine
fantry would have from Tus to l4o dave’
training, a sergeant 222. an artillery souse
officer 2400 dava, a Captain of cavairy 00, dure

 

ing his term of aervies inthe bite

 

 

The Swiss militia isin theory and intention
what the Boers have pre 1 themselves in
fact. Our brave and skilu, enemies have
shown toe ourcost what au army of citizens,
seif-disciplined and hall-driiled, but vequainted

with leétude cu terre
firected by lead
iples of strates
bad “the brain of

nefits Parine, can do when
who understand the prin-
and taetios, The Boers have

army” provided for them

 

 

by foreign scientific ofleers; the Swiss supple.
ment their peasantievies and bourgeois Majors

and Colonels by a professional Etat-major
which is said to be one of the best in Buroj

 

   
   

The system con'd not be transplanted bod

to this country: but it might be adopted with
certain necessary variations, We, too, might
have our burgher army, all the more easy

BHCA OUP eNACING MITArY OFKALIZO0IONS Pros
vide the basis for it he eompulsory power
could be obtained, and I] think will be obtained,

by reviving the ballot forthe militia, whieh isa
thoroughly constitutional resource that we have
always held in reserve for omergencies, Thero
should be very few exemptions permitted, ex-
cept for physical disabilities, ant perhaps in
the ease of vertain: professions, such us that of?
the clergy: and the reeruit, once draws, shou

be bountto serve hts course of annual tr -
ings. andto pass into a milit reserve after.
ward. Butany man might eseape linb

the ballot by qualifying himself in the V«

itv to

teerforee, which should be reorganized more
or jess on the Swiss model,

It may be asked whether the proposed
burgher army should be liable for fore:

 

ReErVice, am afrafd the question must ta
answered in the afilrmative. To limit itex-
clusively to defence against the invasion of
these islands would not get us out of our
difleulties, We want a fored’ which

used to protect any part of the empire

 

  

pecessary, to take its share in that ki
defensive which assumes the form oo an
upon the enemy wherever it may t mven
ient to meet him. Naturally, the Landwehr
woul’ not be used tn the first instance The

regular army wouldsapply the normal foreign
service corps in peace and go tothe frontat
the beginning ofawar: then the ‘eompulsory)
militia Would be required; fi if the oper

ations were on a sufficien ale, some of
the Landwehr regiments would have to sai

In most casos it would be enough ifthey hell
the garrisons at home and abroad, or took
their place in the rear of the fighting line,
guarding the basesand maintaining communi-
entions. Infact, the procedure would be that
which we have been foreed to adopt in this

 

 

     
 

   

 

    

Bouth African war, Wehaveembodied theese
tire active army and found it insuMfleient: wa
have depleted the militin of its best men: and
awiready volunteers have been warned that toey
will be required forgarrison duty at hor

before these lines are in prot they wil ta
been invited to offer ther s for servi

the Capa. If there areothe nd better w
delivering us from our present insecurity
Kuch it is—military administrators will no
doubt be prepared to set them before a sores
what anxious public One thing ia certain
Veare not strong euough, > far as resins

our armed forces on land, for the work webave
todo and the perils we have to encounte Lise
shoek of the Boer war must have brought the
fact home to us all; and, being ba practionl peo
eae we had better set about 0 remedy ve |
ency as soon as our immediate troubl
are off our haode, ' ”