Hy
i

 

 

 

 

 

  

re ae ni a a ee

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1914.

 

 

a eens en = as

 

aa a eo en a cree oe ee eRe

 

 

Peace Talk Evaporates as Sale of Cubs Falls Through-—-Stevens Faculty Dismisses Coach ,

 

PLAN T0 SELL GUBS
AGAIN FALLS FLAT

Owner Taft Refuses to Extend!
Woeghiman’s Option and
: Deal Crumbles.

STERS FOR BROOKLYN

 

 

 

CaMrenipor, Mass., Nov, 18.—All Har-
vard turned out to the stadium this after-

SKE

 

noon. The undergraduates marched to

the fleld with their band and after the

Ateording to an announcement from team had put on Its last drill swarmed
Cincinnati yesterday Charles P. Taft, up onto the stone seats and cheered the

Principal stockholder of the Chicago Na- |
tional League club, has broken off all
negotiations with Charlies Weeghman, the
Federal League backer of the Chicago

team as it ran up and down the fleld half
‘a dozen times on signals.

songs as well as the cueers,
player or coach was forgotten.

team, for the sale of the Cubs. Mr. Taft | ‘The varsity worked as for the first two ||
refused to extend until December 1 an | days of the week, Withington i pe add at

y 2
option that had been granted more than right guard Weston was out of doors

to-day and Friday will go to New London
with the team. It is said that he surely
will start the game. The players now
are fit for the battle on Yale Field.
To-morrow morning the backs and cen-
‘tre men will go to New Haven for a drill

two weeks ago to the Windy City restau-
rateur. Further confirmation of the split
was furnished by Charles W. Murphy,
former president of the Cubs, upon his
return to Chicago from a conference with

| y ‘| e to N 01
Weeghman, Taft and August Herrmann | Sache tie Wil ae ined be te pbs oa
in Cincinnat!. lder of the varsity squad Friday night.
It was Murphy who threw the first) Nineteen men will be in the party, Brick-
Obstacies in the way of Weeghman’s pur- | ley and Haughton accompanying them
chase of the Cubs. Weeghman wished | with the two backfleld coaches, Campbell |

will go

to move this old established club from the | i cig ia aged gh to

* lout to the stadium to-morrow simply
West Side grounds to the new Federal keep in condition.
League park of Chicago's North Side. After the varsity
Murphy, who has a half interest In the

had left the fleld this

 

STUDENTS CHEER HARVARD
AT LAST HOME PRACTICE!

‘Backs Will Drill in Yale Bowl To-day and Join
Rest of Team at New London To-morrow
| ---Brickley in Signal Drill.

 

There were!
and not a|

 

en a eee

 

 

FRAGMENTS OF FOOTBALL
FROM MANY GRIDIRONS. ,

 

were
| Fred Daly, coach of the Williams
eleven, Fays there were two or three men

of all American calibre on that team this
year, but he doesn't say who. “When a
man is chosen from a small college for |
| that coveted position,” he continues, “It is |
necessary for him to reach w grade of
| playing fully 50 per cent. Nighwe than he
| would if playing on the larger college |
| teams. This is one of the many rea-
| sons, to my mind, why the so-called alt |
| America team is not of any value as!
| regards the actual merits of the various |
| players.” !
Huntington of Colgate was named by .
!
|
|
'
'

Ta Talbot Predicts
Victory for ze

 

Walter Camp for his team last year, an |
opinion in which we fully concur, but it
hardly can be said that he was 50 per |
cent. better than any other quarterback. |
However, as to the Williams team Toolan,
for one, has been mentioned as being of
“all” team calibre.

 

EW HAVEN, Nov. 18.—Capt.
Nelson Talbot predicted to-
| night a Yale victory over Har-
vard in the new Bow! Saturday.
| Talbot said:

“I’m sorry and Coach Hinkey is |
sorry that we had so much secret
practice this year, but we were |
driven to it. We've got a tough job

i
as saying |
meets Harvard at

Perey
that the

Haughton is quoted

team which

| New Haven next Saturday is the best
|

Yale has had since 1902. In some respects

perhaps, but in individual material the

Present team has vet to show that it

|
! |} even equals that of the 1909 aggregation,
\| ahead of us, but we're going to mt ioe Wate time ten on a
: 9 he Yale line that face arvard in
win. You needn't worry about | 1909 was made up of Kilpatrick and Rav- |
| those fourteen points in the ane, ends; Hobbs and Lilley, tagkles; |
| |; Andrus and Goebel, guards; Cooney, cen-
| Princeton game. We had to save | tre. That line, with the present back: |
| some of the big fellows for Sat- field, wouldn't hurt Vale's chances for |
| ’ . j this week's ganm, The Yale backfield |
1 urday. We're going to give the pest in 1908 was composed of Coy, Daly, Phil- |
|| we've got, and it will be enough.” |! bin and Howe. and we jinagine that this

afternoon the Harvard scrubs played @| exoapt that the acrub forward passes

|

park at the West Side, Interposed objec- ; mat ch with the varsity coaches. Pt the

c “f P “ ane , wne,
ee ae re eee |\ ctor Huchosch ned. Biceéem: tacklen |
terests in the club to Mr. Taft the latter | Parkinson and Saltonstall, guards; Paul
had not paid for the stock, it is sald. | Withington, centre: Wigglesworth, quar-
Murphy demanded cash with interest at | terback, and Huntington, Campbell and

Percy Haughton tn the backfleld. The

veterans were more than a match for the
boys who have been playing all veer, stop-
ping thelr attacks short and gaining 10
points for themselves, A touchdown was
made on a forward pass from Haughton

6 per cent. since the transfer of his stock |
to the Cincinnati publisher for $486,000 |
in notes. To appease Chubby Charlie Mr.
Taft depended upon a cash transaction
with Weeghman. The jatier evidently was

not able to raise the necessary capital | to Hitchcock, who then re ene meee
rith Bis at tackle, ¢ er the hea
before the expiration of his option, with Pisher at tackle, and after
a . a ; 1 speared very much {coach had contributed the goal he also
Weeghman, w 10 aoe : - 7 ante leame through with a 25 yard drop kick
De OV OE UIE Fe ee for another score.
extend the option unto the first of De- | Capt. Charley Brickley ran through sia-
cember, told his friends in Chicago yester- | naig with the substitutes to-day, but is
ae ae oie ar re Ea AGH aya | not in shape for any real work. He tried
tinuation of the wy egere) vie ns tO | ane drop kick from the 28 yard Ine and
the death of one or the other fuection. As the Yale

kieked in his old tima form.
game comes to hand there is no doubt
| that he will go tn to try for a fleld goal
Con” | Saturday if the occasion demands

with

this unexpected move of tha
is Interpreted as a direct
slap at the Gilmore backers The
viection grows that the neg tiation
Weeghinan was nothing more than strategy

In the Kast
National League

Yale to Use Same Lineup.

to determine the financial strength of , bts nine. | Sta0 can '

the enemy. August Herrmann, who con- | Mat Ugnas woe old Yale Field. and
ducted business for Mr. Taft, did not act | O'"r “iene i hata wart 5 ‘tt
in his capacity of National Commission forty-five minutes o ard scrimmage fn
chairman. From the first the National the new bowl made up the final hard drill

of the Yale football team to-day before

Those close to the situation have known
all along that the majority of National
laague club presidents oppose! the idea
of permitting Weeghman to protect him-

Teague let it be known that Mr. Herr- | : .

‘ » |} the Harvard game. To-morrow the team

bindir Sere ee ee eee | Will practise signals at the old fleld, while
heed 'the Harvard team will take possession of

the bowl.
The Yale lineup in the Harvard game
fas announced to-night by Head Coach

self in the purchase of one of organized | Frank Hinkey will be the same as that
baseball's leading teams. The American | ve against the Tigers, age
League to a man backed up President Ban) * everal of the regulars spent to-day

resting, Aleck Wilson, the veteran quar-

a like attitude. Ed Barrow,
president of the International League, ,
harder hit than any other protected cir-,
cult, last night expressed the keenest satis-
faction over the new turn of affairs.

Jotinson in

knee, Stillman spent the time running
up and down the side lines.
has nearly disappeared and he is expected
the Walden,

 

“From the very first it seemed to me/ to start kame Saturday,
rather bad policy to treat with Weegh-| Whose right arm was badly twisted yes
man, and |! am glad that he is not to be! terday, took part in serimmace, but Bis
considered further,” sald Mr. Barrow. “Of, arm bothered him considerably.
course it was a National League affair| The regulars won the scrimmage to-day !
and might have straightened out a com-, from the acrubs, 14 to 7. Alnaworth made-
plication tw Chictgo. It seems to prove; the first varsity touchdown after he and!
that the Federal League's tatk of continu- } Legore had advanced the ball thirty vards, |
ing the war is mostiy bluff and bluster. ! while Scovil ran eighty yards for the sec-
Weeghman did not exercise his option on! end touchdown, Ainsworth kicked the)
the Cub stock because he could not com-!| goals instead of Legore an@ ‘tallied on
nand the necessury capital, He is in the! each of his tries, Por the serubs, Ovitt|

His lameness |

quartet wouldn't have been so slow at
adapting itself to the advanced and moat }
interesting of tactics used by this year’s
baclefleld and in the expounding of which |
Frank Hinkey has been a ploneer.

 

made a number of gains.

Penn Coaching System Changed.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 18.—A big change
in the Penn coaching system was made!
this afternoon. Capt. Journeay took |
charge of the rust line in place of Blondy |
Wallace and Head Coach Brooke con. |
tinued coaching the backs and also took |

|

 

Washington and Jefferson is in demand
The [llinois eleven, at the head of the
Conference group tn the West, has chal-
lenged W. and J. for a game in Chicago.
Not much chance, since W. and J. is to!
play Rutgers here a week from Saturday
aud probably will have had a sufficlency
of footbail If Illinois is looking for a
new world to conquer

charge of the ends, displacing By Dick-
son. The line men seemed to regain the'r
spirit under Journeay’e encouragement.

the Nebraska team

Rutgers Hae Final Scrimmage. oo give it a brisk afternoon's occupa-
New Brunswick, N. J, Nov. 18--The ee

Rutgers team had its final serimmage Poster Sanford was not a convert to tha

of the eesson to-day. Participation (n) so-called new game when the season

the Stevens and N. ¥. U. corftests will opened, but since he has got aboard the

afford the varsity ita cnly other chances

wagon he has done exceedingly well in

for competitive work. Play was long) teaching his Rutgers team the latest

and hard, seven touchdowns being ae) wrinkles, '
cumulated in a short time.

Baseball had tts P. L., and now football

Steveng Has Volantcer Coaches,

‘has ita PP. Somebody has dubbed Cur-
The Stevens football squad had a hard

tis of Dartmouth the peerless punter,

 

Practice yesterday afternoon as a final -

drili for the Rutgers game next Satur- The Syracuse Daily Orenge iq canila

day. The varsity i!ned up against the Regarding the 0 to 0 game with Coleite

| scrubs for a long ecrimmage. Saunders it siys: “In fact if there was any luck

and Mevers as voluuteers took care of about the contest it wus ' tn

the coaching and will do so for the next! @yracuse’s favor.”

three days, when the Stevens schedule) winieeuiaiailds

ends. | The “best back field man playing the
| same" ia numerous this season. There

terback, did not report because of a lame |

}

|
|

same position as many of his confederates, | scored a touchdown on a forward pass
“Peace will come in baseball more, after Pwing had made several good gains:
quickly than most people imagine, but not through the Iine. Kent kicked the goal

through compromise. There is absolutely | from the scrub touchdown.

       

 

 

 

 

     

   

 

 

Three Lehigh Stare Recover.

are Mahan, Cafall, Maulbetech and Bar-

Soutn Berutruem, Pa, Noy, 18.—!rett among others, and the number is
Hard work a plenty was doled out to;addet to by Mr. Cox, graduate manager
Lehigh to-day. Hoban, Ostrum and! of athletics at Georgetown, who declares
Richards rejoined the team. > 'Splegel ts the man.

oe — | a !

ARMY-NAVY OFFICIALS CHOSEN. Against Amherst Wittams rainel

we forty-six yards on her own forwari

Langford, Sharpe and Marshall to passes ind fifty-seven on Amherst’s In-
‘ _ tearception plus receptio iroluced ¢

Ron Game as Last Year. | han inceetion, a eee ee

ANNAPOLIs, Noy. 18.—-The athletic au- | —
thorities of the naval and military acad- The long lists of Yale and Princeton
emies have agreed upon the same offctala !men appearing in the papecs litely aren't
for the Army-Navy football game in the college catalogues, just the names
Philadelphia who acted last year They |of tha substitutes who plaved in the
are: Heferee, W. 8. Langford, Trinity: football game last Saturday.
umpire, Al Sharpe, Yale; lineman, Cari | ee

Marshall, Harvard, A field judge also will
be selected. |

Indians, by
fifty yard

A member of the Haskell
name Artichoker, unoorked a

 

 

 

 

  

 

   

  

The coaches did not allow the team to | forward pass against the Louisians State
‘enter a hard scrimmage this afternoon. as | University team in New Orleans. The
many of the plavers are suffering with | serimmage was on Haskell’s 20 yard line
bruises on the legs and feet. Instead, they and the receiver of the throw, by range,
practised offensive und defensive forma- i Mzhickteno, ran the vest of the way for
tions, using particularly the playe which a touehdow }
the Army is knoWn to use on the attacl! : oak

The reginrent of midshtpmen will xo to The Mohegan School of Peekskill bas
Philadelphia on November 28 to fee the wnaeq a guecessful season. The Peek-
Army-Navy football game in two Bee- i lade won et me and kept all
one travelling over the pene and opponents from scoring Ele games
Onio and the other by the Pennsylvania (cain 3 re caae ee og
natrens. Both sections will leave An- eat played and the team scored ;
napolle at 8 o'clock, which is considerably | PO" i
later than starts In previous years, and : Se ; ; :
are booked to reach Philadelphia three| The “18 captuin of the Princat = teen
hours later. The return from Philadel- wll be named t -mornow n ee a -
phia will start at § o'clock in the eve- Hotel Mart nique WilOr sh , 7 ao
ning The President of the United | squad will assemble BG GSEs : a din
States has been assigned to box 6% on ner wiven by Walter Chandler, Jr.
the north or Navy «ide and Vice-Presi-
dent Marshall has been aselaned to No. 68) While Darumouth and Syracuse are

-_—--- — Shane ting on Saturday Spears and White,
PLACEMENT GOAL “ONLY SCORE. respective guards and the biggest in) cap-
tivity, aleo will meet,

no e of the independents either being
reco, as of major rating or of amal- | Fordham Smashes Two Teame,
Bamating with my elrcuit’ Yesterday saw the beginning of Fora- |
That Berrow is planning for vigorous) ham‘'s hard practice that is scheduled for)
action with his cireuit in the 1915 fleld ts the remainder of the season. The team
shown by his determination to transfer) {s in good condition and no cripples are!
the Jersey City club to Brooklyn next sea- numbered among the scrubs. After a!
aon hether or not Willlam S. Devery | short signal drill the varsity Hned up
disposes of his steck in that club it Is agains: Commerce High Sehool. For an
Mkely that Tom Fogarty’s trailers will) hour Sam Siskind's charges alternated
share Mobets Field with the Dodgers with the Maroon serubs and the varsits
“It is far more certain that an Inter-! smashed things up in general. The back
National League club will play in Brook- field did veptir My well, a was aided |
lyn next year than that the Federais will! by wide shift formations that resulted
gain the slightest recognition from the. in eight touchdowns for the varsity. The
National and American leagues, said first team carried the ball nearly all of |
Rarrow last night “And none of my the time and only a solitary fumble re- |
clubs will play at Washington Park, , * Ited. A eptrit of aggreseiveness tn the |
either.” he concluded line was welcomed as a treat, as this 's
Charles H. Ebbets of Brooklyn, one of | he. Maroon’s weakness

Punn, Yule, Mo

   

the stoutest cha auldi and Jack Conklin

 

iplons of organized base-

           

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

   

  

 

  
 

 

 

   

 

 

New Vork Milltary. Academy Eleven |
Maken Stern Fight,

Wrer Point, Nov, 18.—The Cullum Wa!l
j cadet team defeated the strong New York

MEREDITH TRAVELS LIKE WIND.

Runs 500 Yarda Indoora in Record

 

 

 

     

 

     
       

  

   
 

 

  

 

   

   

     

 

 

 

 
   

   

      

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

aa ea ; did the bulk of advancing the ball for the ; ,
ball, haa agre sive territorial dis- Varsity, The canvas fence meanwhile was Military Academy eleven of Cornwall-on- Vime,
crimination age the proposed expon put up and a forty-five minute secret arity | Hudson this afternoon in a clowe and ex- : ; N 18 result
of minor league baseball in Brooklyn. * Pee eens ee te aay ee aA it t score of 3 to 0 The Newark, N. J. Nov. 1] An & tea
i Was cut short by dusk. Only long passea;¢'Ung game Dy a score . ‘ : ? wh story in tl sp 1 500 vard .
Charles H. has gone even further. He has , fs ‘ ‘on in ft) scond quart of hie victory in the special o a
: ee Aes ere ee and lateral pass formations were re-; army lads won in the second quarter, © ion fade atthe ganée of the Pete as
es ih . renee ay upon Mis Park $0 hearsed, a trio of plays used around each! When Reaney kicked a placement goal tlal and Metropolitan ince companies
‘ ere me arragssment ove 1 ' ! { jal and 3 a0 !
am . 6 tig he he ane ne He ver wing taking up all the time. Fordham from the 20 vard line to-night Ted Meredith may be the tint
the t ; fe <4 vet 4 or not the present’ has abandoned the theory of wiring the| The Cornwall team put up a stiff de- atl rete to heve his name (:serihed on
ones ihe ore By ‘ neey . ty cue . aly field 'n order to secure more light at dusk, fensive game throughout, but their rathe: | the noteworthy performance list dee ded!
he wait oe nah RONSRIUIO Wi and instead practice will begin at 3:15 loose handling of the ball was costly at nal ea ahs cA its last meeting
1 8O aunged as to dove ail into the daijy. This Shenae affords a half hour times, ©, ¢. Smith, Reaney and Krayen- ;, » board floor of the First Regiment
draft } National League dates and pro- more of drilling than formerly, and as buh! were best for Cullum Hal. while Ac he Olympic ehampion reeled vil
vide. Brooklyn fandom with continuous early practice Is preferable to a whitened Atkins, Cremin and Rell did the best worl: ie. Aiatanoe i one ininute, whieh is a
baseball Needless to say, this would also pall in the dark the scrubs will fl initor the up-river lads. Tt was the first, ind Taster than the best previous per- |
. ’ nest ' sapflier 1 anv .ON 1 ‘ ' ’ ' ij : ° . Fecay . . vor
farnis 1 conn in "et Niet for any con- the missing regulars’ places till all classes defeat for the New York Military Acaa- formanee eroedited to Mel Sheppard |
ee oJ - : sCague operations alo are over at 4 P.M, em, team this season, The Mneup: Platt Adams, the versatile lenper of
ashi 9 ar san A . . 7 cae nel
- . Entire \. ¥. U. Team on Feld Culluin tall Powitions N.Y.M. A the New York A. ©, may also get a Une}
- ¢ ° ° ° * Reaney Lett er White| on the new list His winning effort inf
A still hunt through the preserves of or the firet time in over a week the| Halsey Left tus oe fremin the Seana hop, step and Jump measured |
Joreph J. Lannin’s Garden City Hotel entive New York University team waa on aan wars Toft guard, ’ aremice 33 feet and all that prevented it sup- |
ai ‘ i ac 5 : 3 n entre coeeee MeChure , ve ane s = . en
yesterday afternoon failed to develop thy fleld yesterday, MeNally had been Boe. Right guard Brown planting his own best mark of 32 feet
any one of Ban Johnson's generous pro- absent from the practice since last Thursa-|A.¢ Smith. Right tackle,..... Mitchell! 41. inehes was » fact that the takeolf
portions masquerading behind disguise. day, when he was injured In the serim- | Kravenboh Right end. Westen) was from a raised platform not sane-
The obliging clerk of Mr. Lannin's hos- inage with t! erubs, The kieking prac- |) on. Quarterback . ; Childs! | d by the a A
telry, who * noait eee a Stas ; - rat ; Lc Smith Left: halfback Robinson wane : ee = TT
elry, who Was positive as ever that no. tice was ratl ong yveaterday, the lne-| pyons Right h Patrick In the other open event, a twa mile
Mr. Johnson of Chieago had ever been in men as well as the ends being sent down Page. .. Mullvack ; Anderson! handicap, Ao T. Lemberg, the young sta:
Garden City, vouehsafed the information | to cover “the punts, After a short signal) ore—Cullum Hall, 8: N.Y, M.A. 9.) of the Trinit. Club, showed a rattling
that his master had been in Bosten since drill the varsity ined up against the | Geel trom plkeemen! Heaney, cnubetitue | erformance by ning from the 100
Monday If this be true it Is quite Hkely scrubs for a serimmage, woieh lusted for} Hens wr rae emp ms Brow n Peon vard mark in the fast time of 9 minutes
that Ban Johnson is not in New York, #n hour. MeNally and Huntle; teok no} Robinson, Johnson for Atkins, Bail for Pat-| 18 seconds. The summaries:
It is also quite true that he may be jn pert in the scrimmage as neither of them | rick teferee-—Cadet Leonard, Army. Um-| , Yard Dash--Won by |
Boston instead js in the beat of condition and Coaeh pire Cadet Howell, Ariny, Time of quar- Sri Wanhalt ‘\ Wat
Ban bas considerable business to trans. | Hellly will take no chances of losing them } kere--Two off ang two oF 30 minutes each. sacond; J Kilgrew,
act in the Mast, elther when he coma or! for the Wesleyan game, The il caine Time, & seconds a hy W. F
Sefove the denaity dome of this eter | in for ita share of han work veatsrda:, MANUAL OUTFINISHES ERASMUS. |. iiuit Mie Mun Won hy Wor Kel
t . : udentilal; “ ' y ’
qo James M Ga Puey, president of the) scrubs took the ball on the 10 yard ———— [wrueet KE. F. Lott, Prudential, third ne
world's champion Braves James, like! nark and ine plunges were tried unt Makea Two Goale in Second Walf,!? minutes 3 npponcds sf a ; ay
‘rank Farrel ‘ ithout a home : iq the varsity line could be penetrated no! - | $00 Yard Run, Invitation on by }
es ‘of i eine iu " : ie get ie longer er Winning Sesser Game, § te 1, penal ce ey a r }
as s aking i upora ubode | : Hirshon, Irish American d
i . ’ '
at Fenway Park. Announcement has been i : ; Manual Training High School's soceer' piejand) Xavier A. A, third
made of a deal whereby the Braves will MoKiwan Rack at Centre Again, j team downed Frasmus Hal! by a score of | minute r
share the Red Sox home in 1915. The Wrst Point, Nov, 18.—More strenuous | 2 goals to 1 at the Prospect Park Parade | sre eee: High Jump Wan pe Horas
. ’ : . . . a 6 » ’ s as ¥
Building of a modern plint by Mr. Gafre Work against the Navy formations fea-, Grounds in Brooklyn yesterday afternoon, | 7; Set Met? ‘politan, second, with 5 feet
ney depends en Iy upon the suecese or! tured the afternoon's practice for tne The winners naaintauined thetr lead {n the |e toches! B Buillett, Prudentfal, third, with
failure of a long term lease of the rival | Army eleven to-day. MelMwan was bac«!) league and have bright prospects of carry- | 5 feet 1 ino e ath War lieal
grounds, ;at centre, The injured squad now In-| ing off the champlonship, Erasmus, how- Pp oe eeatit et eh en Ue tax cera
° feludes only Hoge and Tully, Oliphant! ever, wa tInetly in the gaine, especially | iy Sel ietachmidt, Prodentia!, third. Time,
Though John MeGraw has nearly a) dvove the team again at quarter for aj) in the first half, at the end of whieh the! ¢@ minutes 46 Ho seconds
ecore of pitch under reserve he {s | short time to-day, There was no scoring, | Flatbush ‘ads led by 1 to 9. In the second Standing I ; ‘pp and Junip. Invitattor
F } pay y > far : r ‘
overlooking nothing of promise. It was Che redoubtable Hobbs, whore football!) half it was all Mazual, although the decid. | aah ON ' th Adam a ae leet 4 °
learned yesterday that the leader of the | obituary was written a month ago, @ur-! ing goal was shot only in the nie of the, | gecaud, with Bt fect tty inches; Hen Adams,
Giants is trying to secure the coutract of | prised the watehers by Nis appencanee on{jand then largely because the Erasmus | New York A ©, third, with 91 tees
Harry Jennings of Rutgers. MoGraw, it| the tleld to-day in togs, He tossed the! goal keeper, who had done yeoman ser- Two Mile Bin, Handican, Open Ww on by
Se ‘ t piney , \ } yards
4s sald, has made two propositions to the | ball around and did some Iimbering un! vice, was lume from the result of a bad | PF atts 0 ee Thana A mM ny is y ate
collegian, one for him to report in Marlin | Werk, but there is hardly a chance of hia} kick in the early period, Jnecond; H, L. Scott, Long Islund A. (., 60
early in the spring and the other calling | Retlug back into the game before the -_-- va , third, Time, 9 minutes 1h se onds
for his servicers after the ele f the col Bees content Hobbs: broke his ankle Moss Vahken Close Game. Rend pare Sun ay ane Oe Bi chat ;
lege season, Jennis wl armed i ia the Ruigers game six weeks ago. ao as FUGOH TAT Hee ee
titation with al a ens : — Hurt | ae in the English bilfard tournament at | ie ree ae PETE TAP SIMMER
i ahi sehool ny } Munsiek Onty ‘ \povie's F oe! 9 . . + | ‘Time, 85 seconds,
Jord, has pitelied two no hit and one one! uly idle orneliian, | penis iets mond Sree SCAGSEY lant Half Mule Relay= Won by Prudential; |
Pit games for Rutgers Irnaca, Nov, 18 Reports from Phila.) a ar Moss n drom #ONATA | Merropolitan, second Time, 1 minute 41
| aernnia that the Penn team hed been | Gbugamita by @ @core of 250 to 242 im) second
Reports from the coast declare that! Sbaken up and that muah tronre; 1 @iglits janiniss The bigh breaks were — m
Sbortstop Corhan of San Mrancisco has! eleven would face Comell than go far | Grosemith, 845 Mowe, 24. The frat round Silent) Martin Loses on Foal, |
i t ‘ - ;
wigued with the St. Louis Peder lat) as fonedred on Preattn Field sourred fof the pear } wine sombisted kenlaht, Stlent Martin lost to Wild Bul Fleming |
{8 Suppressing the news so that he may On the Cornel) squad toatiay in one of | eh a 1 DM p Maes :. ti GAie last night at Brown's Gymnasium on af
play all winter in the Imperial Valley, the hardest practices of the soason The | a e poOckal . mre OPAL = Bache foul in the seventh round. The blow, un- |
‘Loague. Corhan as a youngster broke Sauad did not reach the training table | feated I, Marsh, score 7) to 61 'intentional, sent Fleming to the too, in|
fnto the big show with the White Sox in | until 7 o'cloek, the varsity: and serubs « aurea ae great pain and a deetor who was called
1912, He seemed wellon the way to fame! fighting tt out for more than an hou Navy Clanses Rattle to Te, into the ving declared that Pieming would |
wiitil he visited New York, Russell Mord , The entire varsity team was in the lineup ANNAPOLIA, Noy, 18.—-The first and} be unable te continue. He was earried
wecidentally hit young roan on the excemt Munsiek at left guard, Me-, third classes at the Naval Academy | out of the » Tt wasn a preat tigit!
fend with a fa Wor several days | ¢ Mtvheou wud Tiley were used in the po-, battled through a acoreless football game! and nip and tuek until the unfortunate |
: or van lay at the point of death, When | sitton The Cornell backfield worked im-]| this afternoon, It wag the gaine to settle | ending. Jack Sharkey defeated Mickey
he pee ave rd he Wes too gun shy to stick praxsively this afternoon, Th defence the class chainpionship and another come | Dunn in a slugging Bee in a ten round
polite society aguinst the Penn formations was go0d teat will be held next week. semi-final windup

donated by

lin

on

, SLA)

 

        

‘REGAIN LOST LAP:

GQ AFTER ANOTHER

 

/Ryan and Wohlrab Sueceed in
Pulling Six Day Field
Past Trailers.

MGRAW

 

OFFERS

 

MONEY

Score at the Seventy-second Hour.

Miles, Lap.
Goullet and Grenda....ceecesee 1,408 5
Moran and McNamara....ss.6 1468 5
Fogler and Hill. scessees 1,468 5
Root and Clark.....+. 1,468 5
Figg@ and Verri........ 1,468 5
Lanrence and Magin. 1,468 ,
Cameron and Kaiser.. 1,468 ,
Lawson and Drobach.... 1,468 5
Ryan and Wohltab....cesseees 1408 5
Walthour and Halstead...see.. 1.408 ,
Thomas and Hanley... os 1,468 a
Redell and Bedell. ...ccceeeess 1468
Mitten and Anderson..sceceess 1.468 2
Plereey and Dupuy. cooses 1,467 7
Kopeky and Hansen. 1.487 3
Ieading team Goulet ‘ana. Grenda.
Former record—1,460 miles and 5 laps, |
made by Root and McNamara in 1913
Sprints for special money prizes of-
fered by several spectators and a bonus
for two, three and fifteen mile events

the
race
night.
o'clock
a bold bid

in
These

lap
first place.
but cost
tions one or
Hanley
dropped one
lost two laps,
son, While
and Hansen
behind the

One spill
liding with

 

found

 

 

 

aprints

and culminated

by

mora
the

lap. The

as did

fell three

leaders.
marred the sport,
Menus

 

Square

Bede?!

   

Manager John J.
Giants enlivened the six day bicycle
Madison

MeGraw of

the nine teama tied with
The dash of this pair failed,
several of the trailing combina-
japs.s Thomas and
pace

Garden
started
two hours
Wohlrab and Ryan

t 8:30
later
to

them for

too stiff and

Bedell
Mitten
Piercey and Dupuy and

and

circuits

and

Ve

brothers

Ander
Kopsky
further

rr: @ol-

the pair

carrying Anderson down with them,

Frank Kramer rode an exhbition quar-
ter mile in 25 1-5 seconds. Clarence
Carman, paced by Jimmy Hunter, rode a

mile in 1:40 1-5,

Gus Wohlrab and Martin Ryan re-
Rained their lap aod came up with the
leaders ear yesterday morning. Juat
why the sprint came off at that time wae
a mystery to most of the riders as well
as the spectators, for the riding had been
s» fast for hours before it that it would

a spurt left 4
Just as

the riders

‘eeerm as if none of the

n him,

riders could have

had finished ractng
for twenty miles for $200 offered by

Miele

Rudolph a Frenchman announced that he

 

 

 

would offer a like amount in memory
of rider Trickey Comes for a one mile
spurt. Comes was killed itn battle only
a short time ago, The prize caused a
real scramble. Goullet carried off the
mone by @ great spurt, crossing the
finiah line only a few feet in front of
Jacnie Clarke

As has been the custom in all of the
other prize sprints, the bunel slowed up
once it was over Osear Egg, who fs
teamed with Verrl, thoueht he had a
good chanes to lose the field and etartei
out ike a whirlwind. The Swiss gained
almost half a jap. He and Verri re-
Meved one another often, but they coutd
not hold their advantage aud the gap!
steadily closed up

As sQon as the fiving Swiss had heen
caught the riders settled down ones more
Tha & ther started to sottie down, but)
they never got the ehance for Wohlrab
shot to the front a the fle'd did not
aprear to take him very seriously, 1¢
was not until the erstwh winateur got
half «a lap ahead that the bunch gave
chese and then tt ved to be ton late
for Rvan, bie partner, picked h up on
th Tw ith street de the
track and, ereasing the speed set by
Wohlrab, caught » re guard ore
the ad gone half nile

: @ prac nthe earls

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

geroue In the

‘Pormer Yal

 

 

 

 

 

 

race

 

 

HOWE DRIVES HIS CHARGES.

e Coach

Steam Than

Arthur
while head
with the
Columbla

 

Kuimne ¢ w
ball to the eol
South Flek
afternoon until

Howe's ri
mer Harvard

 

upper class re

sively

Walter Dwys

{hoerd, said th
ident organizations,
the game,

ished
ile attitude ¢
aia

Doc Whit

Crneado,
has heen
Venive vlul o
The news is
Los Angeles,

j ler ading pltohere for

season,

Howe
coach
freshman-sophomore
which will meet
posed of upper class men next week in

1),

Ni
southpaw
appointed

Hever
at

Ho omark th
lene,
1 from
ig

Charley
Rucrd,
eri

‘stood that Harvard and
follow suit

er,
» froules

Ward

e
rv, 18 ID
of the ¢

f the f
eontained
White star

teets

 

  

 

    
  

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“anu,

Yale

i

worked

the

return of foor-
He drilled his charges
4 o'clock

Mann,
drilled
ts in trick playe exelu- |
It .appeara pow that Howe's teain
Will atiek to straight

than

SQ

  

in his stoma lek in the inorning
Seres of the ! lropped out at
about the 6o Mareel Toupuy
fand Charles i coos und
took ‘owe? whieh put them six
lape be I the leaders, Kopsky and Han-
‘sen lost steadily through the day and Inte
last night were nine lupe behind the lead-
ers Most of the riders were a ing the
effects of the sustalned hard ng last
night, and { than likely that the
field wtt} he depleted before an-
nher twenty-four hour
Jimmy Moran, who has been riding in
sir dav races in New York for the last ten
vears yineced vesterday that {t fs his
intent! y yettre from the game at the
end of this j Moran has won the
event only twice, but has been up in the
mones nealiy every time he has started
tieorge Colombotto, an Italian rider,
and Jullan Prevoost of Belgium, who were
to have ridden tn the race and arrived too
late, were at the Garden vesterday, sorels
Clrappointed because they were not on the
track Colombotto was especially peeved
because he had come over on an elght day
; boat which had taken ten days for the
tri
Meg and Verri, who matte up the Italian
team, have bevome great favorites with
tae crowd because of their tine riding in
tl jams Verri did practically no tratn-
it for the event, but the fast riding of |
the firet couple of days has put bin in
good condition and his team now com
menees to loon up as one of the most dan

More

iarder
he did
uad oof

team com

ye

his

N.Y,

Ww

ied ae

wet

ie

chairman of the
committee on
the board which abo!
no longer holda the hos

football that

ast
a veport
tie
the Venice club last | Promise that Gunboat Sin thy

t!

 

sterday

ie for
husky

football, while Hann |

will resort to trick plays and punting to
(bring about vietory

The faculty is stil) silent on the issue
fut it is suid that it is wbout willing to
compromise When football was abol-
ished at Columbia in 1805 it was under-

would !

student
sty

t onee

Manager of Venlee,

former

leago White Sox
manages
‘acifie Co

of the

League

from

of the

last |

 

| NEW MONTE CARLO PLANNED.

‘
Weaterners Consider Mexicali for
| Roxing and Gambling Centre.

| Gan Francraco, Nov. 18.—-Wealthy men
‘of Mexicali, in Mexico, just across the
California State line and « stone's throw
‘from Calexico, in the Imperial Valley,
have dreams of a Western Monte Carlo
More than that, they are hoping and

 

! planning to make Mexicali the centre of |

all big fistic operations in the future and
figure that with plenty of capital behind
them and geographical advantages they
can take the honors away from Juarez
Their scheme, briefly, is to operate
through the recent'y formed International
Sporting Club.
if the boxers want the chance to coin
money. Horse racing is to be astablished
as soon as possible, and of course there

will be gambling galore
| Billy Silver, one time trainer of the
[late Stanley Ketchel and for the last

several years a resident of the Imperial
Valley,
by the International Sporting Club to get
after the boxers of repute and tle them
to contracts. Silver, who until two or
three days ago was in San Francisco, has
hurried to Mexieal) to confer with the
men behind the scheme and will come for-

ard later with his announcements of
definite plans.

The men who are backing the syndt-
eate inchide Carley Withington, William
Fr. Scruggs, George Graham and Fred
Renaud. They are milllonaire Americans
with landed interests in Mexico. Accord-
jing to their claim, a concession to run
for twenty years was eranted their club
by Gen. Huerta and further has the
dorsement of Carranza

STEVENS DISMISSES ITS
COACH FOR QUEER WORK

 

 

 

 

      

 
 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

   

 

 
     

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

 

 

 

        

   

  

 

Hig fights are to be held

is the man who has heen engaged,

in-!

‘MORE OF SULLIVAN'S

‘OLD TASK FOR RUBIEN

 

Lill Names Him as Chairman of
Championship Committee
Delaney Honored,

es

/RECORD COMMITTER HEAD

|

 

Committees that will take charge of tng
work of the Amateur Athletic Uni
the coming year were announced
day by Alfred J.

n foe
+ @atar,

Lill, Jr, the president

 

 

who was reelected on Monday. The chjeg
j item of interest is that the new secretary,
treasurer, Mrederick W. Rublen, will tax
up all the committee work previouale ep.
) trusted to James FE. Sullivan, that ie a
‘far as the present announcement gor
» Rublien has been appointed ehairmy, of
the championship committee and +
| sumed that he also will serve as chitrnag
of the national regiatration committe.
| white h is made up automatically of ti.
chairmen of the registration comiitesy
of the different associations and yep,

 

| sentatives of a‘iled bodies, with a tuo ce
| of the board of governors of the \ 4. ¥U,
as chairman.

In stepping into Sullivan's sios “a
‘chairman of the championship comin e
j Rubien's place at the head of the re j
} committee had to be filled. T'reside all
j has made a good selection for that

tant position in Fredertek J. Vo Delany,
one of the most capable offiejals ‘ue
metropolitan distriet. Delaney is a
ber of the Xavier A. Ao and made ‘
reputation last winter when as refs

an indoor meet he handed

disqualifications to a number

out Whoies

 

 

 

    

 
    

   
    

    

 

 

 

  

 

   

  

  

   
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

{
'
| Who indulged in the favorite trick of our
Punished for Disguising Player) ting the corners. ss
In addition to the standing cormiitier
Disqualified and Sending | tures special committees have bean ig
. pointed this vear owing to the necessry
Him Back Into Game, (of recodifying the !aws and looking after
, the Sullivan Metnorial Mund The picigs
bers of the principal committess ans the
| chatrmen of the others follow
Ax an aftermath of the incident during Standing Committee teutelétion.<$
last Saturday's football game with New | garcow S Werke chalrmae aon dis ice
York University, when the Stevens coach | Richard M. Walsh, Bost F eph
substituted a player who had been ruled ah Atac “t Boston ie vs ’
out of the game-—as told exelusively in) prarcers pita aera : ‘
Tre Sux—Head Coach Ayres has been | jam Burdick, Baltimore. S A. Strearne os
diginiased by the Stevens athletic council, Angeles; AO HO Tarleton, Hono
Ayres Was a member of the West Point \ + Baa ab ore ee arate anee
team several years ago les New York cit ee es
Phe unusual action on the coach's part Louts, Mo 4, &. Go | ‘ ‘
was taken when the manager of the team 1 ship-—-Fre kK \\ ' *
was off the field and when the captain was en = yenee ! yu '
out of the game disabled to such an extent r
that he ld take no part in the affairs tt
ff the e The substitutton did not .
come to the notice of the college autheri- aus
ties rt yesterday, whe President ‘ tr
Hump and = the thletic council
started an investigatior € '
lvuring the investigation it was learned f ele
that the coach had been gullty of decap- | + ; peter
tion [In sending back 4a inan disguised by  A* een Ane Beipats PANTER
plasters over his face and wearing a dif- ¥; Freeman Hassett, Salt Lake cf
ferent sweate: As a result the athletic Rowen, Intermountain Axeorty
counc!! promptly dismissed the coach, and | Pyke Johnson, Rocky Mountain Asso ta
fr) spite of the faet that it is within four sai ae i. Tee nae ee ES ee ae
days of the end of the season and one of "York city, and Samuel ¢ x uettn
the biggest ckames, that with Kutgers, is York «its
all that remains on the Stevens schedule nance—Charies Hf Carter Rowton
The college authorities, alumnt and stu avercunds a) Reevention Hn
dent body i ant beyond all meark- Joseph BO Mack Reston. chatrnia
ure at to action taken by the coach tr kevha teorge = T Hepbron, Newark
fubstituting 4 man under these condi- | Y Mot A naleman w
} Dielemates at Ar Me lee
tions are strong in thelr expressions | y,-, +. Dr tarthe k; Noes
that it ts entirely contrary to the jpolleyv | york Chari Hc Fees
of honesty in sports the collexe Hife e@r.ck V. Skiff, dtr ! ee
that always has characterized the work (\)"" se aes aw neat New Vork cit
at Stevens Spe mimittees The James BE Sif

{ Stevens was one of the first colleges t Committee--Alfred Jo!

‘back in the ‘70s--that took up football Be ha wile eat
“4s an intercollegiate sport In all these verett ¢ Hrown. Chica + George
vears not a word of reproach had been Yaltimore ‘haries H. Car

S j dimona s °
said wainst the honor and credit of eward A Rumah. Soe ones 7
Stavens sportamansiiip ne
- sort e Sewara
. t « Jeorge

, DRAW CURTAIN ON SPEEDWAY. *'\") pb ea iia Fd
{ - - New \ Mills, New York sity
‘punday'’s Postponed Card Seca Sen- peceneee rie Pitan re tie Histon 8

aon Favorites Vhead, Weeks, chalrinan, New York city. use 8
T, 44 Ne Tork city: Hermar aver
The fall racing season on the Harlem priiade ta
eiway was ¢ luded vesterday when ery pas
ie card postponed fram last Sunday was CHIEF PRIZE TO FOX TERRIER
in off _

| Comsstent winhers at earlier matnees Omerman's Ridgeway Hevival Hest
took most df the races I ¥ Hunt
clinched the season's chat nehip of the at Long Island K, ¢,
pacing division when Clover Fateh won The frat of the Grand © °
Phe clase went to split heats Tn the See. pyatelies of the Long Island fs "
ond brush W. Ga 1 with Royal Me- wae held last nigh? the Ho

, Manaeed to t home ahead of ® Theo Offerman'’s Wire haired tox
ith Clover Pa loser att tldgeway Revival received the priz
the best dog in the show ree
in Stra There were 150 dogs competing ‘in toe
of the trotters, various classes, The awards
ing H. Crossman’s ely eldine Ver-! H dogs---Winners Dog : Pooane
mont Hellini, in straight eee after a} Mag Mahom first. lia " s
brace of spirited contests Quaker Ridge Sam, te “ ° ee
a Drewstone Toaly Sete \
ss Wooleatt Witt .
Fred Merkle of Giants Marries, © Dai hela Winne ia ( res
Granr Rapips, Nov. 18 As the cul- La a msrone .

I ain ion of a romance which bewin whe Fox Terriers, Winner Dos 1 Y
Fred M  firet baseman for the New |W Berend oh: Treetp ;
;York G WAS aA Member of the Te Brook YH Pee 1 \\ e .
leumseh club of the Southern Michtgan The wet ve
League in 1908, the ball jlaver was mar { - iH Charies W
ried here Tuesday to Miss Mthel Bro ors : ‘ ; ’

> ’ . 1 K q v
aon of this eity The fx Wake not me Roa : r t R Pil
publ! until to-das Meride bas spent Hh The Pp a ’ “i
the lust two winters working as 4 «om Aer s \t . au s Mt

jpositor on the Fennville (Mien Herald QO Soy 1Te4 iis We

tMerkte and his bride wil take «a short '

fwedding trip before taking up residence * Mis aneous | Clana Winners at
Toledo, Oita, H ¢ ret wa ‘t

; t A> ag ascrye '
To Teat New G lene Sobstitate, M " Money's Pele neces Mn
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov, 18 Thera will be hour Biuebelle reser >

‘a 1,000 mile test on the Speedwe be

inning to-morrow momimg of a Ma HONORS FOR FELINE BLUE S10!
41° touring ear with 1 1 wind oe

wveld Upoand carson five passcuirers. t)  vpiew Pollards Entry Judged Rest of

|try the qualities of a new substitute fe

gasolene which. It is sald, wi ost on) Any Breed Shown,

a vent and a half a The At the final session of the Attias
under \ A. A. super: will Club exhibition vesterdas !

$00 miles teemorraw and e same dis- | jJors of the Waldorf-Astorna Mise 4 [fl
tunee Fridays. The game car will be used | lurd’s Blue Sto vas Rs

that, under tl same conditions, went lent in the show regardless ,
Sixty-two miles Y ay hou reeentls T ie show was beta to t .

the Bide-a-Wee Tome a
Wresnahan to Manage Cubs, .: rrowded with admirers
veauties
CINCINNATI, Novy 18 Toseph Garret. en ¢ t ' ‘ af Ay

{ so mfident man of (, BP. Taft, said) preeding went to Miss J] } -_'?

| day eS. BS omas, president of the pron a messiv whit Si} .

Cubs, and Roger Brenahan will be in nad « (irave re ve t! ‘

;c nelnnuati Thursday to discuss the future or 1 Wives The hest OF e
mangdgement of the Cubs Bresnahan une | ¢ lowen we Sisneat fees ae fe
doubtediy will succeed CM Das oll mother of Honevsu Hore

vt Laddie, the thrae wing re 'n
Joh n Accepts MeVes Mateh. t Uh hilla kitten clase
Tit ern Ko te nating 4 a = _

ashe inate an val f ee rie , ice irting Extra Beat Dog in Show

lpot a cablegra from Jack Johnson last To C Wedler’s English set rt
ni t aecepting terms for a championship | Pextra We th chief aw
feht with Sam MeVev, the Oxnard, Cal dog @N ited at the Bronw We
fornia, 3 , Who has been living jn Siew last niaht Wiltan \

| Paris for several ws, Johnse Avredale Bit of Fashion ot oye
April next as a suitable date fo; Iau e cu presented f bw o
but Gibson will attempt to lave fex | a There were Toss

| put ard to March, when the gay tered
Winter season ja fn full swing in Havana — Tee
Gibsons offer to Jolson is $20,000 Williams Sophomores Triampt

icash and a £0 per nt. Interves the Way 1 Miss \

moving pictures whi are to he tule of Willtan c defe ‘

j the mill ' MN “eld t

| - e of & to ( att i

Colin Hell to Hox Vo-night ess ¢ line for a to :
ret ene ' {

| Colin Bell eo Australitn heave weight geo :
vhampion, will make his tipst appease

j Amst a White nian in tuis Counliv when
Me dneets Tom Mecarts t the Buairmeont
A. U to-nigit eo Lit Larwe enc
Who is touring the t with Sell and
other fighters, bas been tref{ng for some
time to mateh his big card against some
of the leading white bopes In ease Rel A B ETT ER
Hreeelvewm a Booed stiwing sagaitisl ihe Weert
ern he Sirntal nit Liawrent save that he D A +‘
will call on Jim Buckley toa folil his

Would meet Fr A Cc EB

this man,