149,

~ VOL LXNVIL NO.

EXTRA SESSION PROBABLE

VEMBERS OF CONGRESS
WT OINEVITABLE,

ny

  

 

the House went on record as of the opinion
j that on days when unanimous consent,
stispension and committee discharge bus-
‘iness is in order there can be no other
business of any kind brought up for
consideration

There War a good deal of confusion
|followthge the announcement of the re-
'ault. Half a dozen members tried to get
UP committee discharge propositions.
| Finally Mr Payne sarcastically inquired

soul
1HINA

Onis Sis Weeks of the Session Remain,
and the House Leaders Figure That
Thirty Legistathve Days Will Be Re-
quired to Pass the Money Mills Alone.

WasweNeoTos, Jan 16 The ourcome of | ifthe House could adjourn save by unani-
arothe va on the rules in the House of ; ous consent. The Speaker, replying in
Represeniatives to-day indicates the | Similar Vein, suggested that this was

: ’ ; abot the only thing the House could do
prohabili'y of an extra session of Con- jj, any other way than by unanimous con-
gress Mt least this is the view of the! sent, and so amid general laughter the
eaders of the body from Speaker Cannon | body quit for the dav
jowr Even the Brief consideration given to-

Representative Tawney of Minnesota, }4@¥ to unanimous consent business be-
hairman of the House Appropriations | fore the fight on the rules developed ei

ineffective, Representative Hardwick

ve WAS More commumicattve | of Georgia, being refused permission to

nthe subject than those associated with | print in the record a petition from the
jimonthe eadership of the House organ- | Farmers Union urging the election of
satjot While he would not permit him- Senators by direct vote of the people,
«e » quoted he admitted that as | became extremely peevish and objected
wren f the performance of the House | to consideration of the remaining bills,
: jabout fifteen in number, on the unanimous

ere was slim chance of the regu-!conseat calendar, His own colleagues

ar business of that body being coucluded !as well as many Republicans pleaded

| wich him, bur he persisced in his one man

Wha Honse did to-day amounts | filibuster
e establishment of a precedent that | The House leaders will hold a meering
; A , boemorrow inate effort to find some means |
no general business may be considered

ee j of esca pe from the extra session bogie
no matter what a majority of the body | .

shall desire. on the firs: and third Mon j
d of the ‘ ’ . vo e
1ays he month These days must Court Saye Callan Law Is Unconstitutional
fegoven over to the consideration of bills!
i

in Requiring Self- (ee
Pdward VT

usation.
Rosenheimer,

 

allied up for passage by unanimous con- | whose anio-

 

sent cf Hills proposed for passage under (> mobile caused the death of Grace Hough
suspension of the rules and of motions {On the Pelham parkway the night of
at 18 t : -

fer the discharge ot committees from the | igi 1 last, will not be tried for vio
jlating the Callan law, which makes it

consideration of measures on which they
a crime for a person who while driving

have taken no action tat automobile destroys life or property
Rut he opera-jto fail to report his name or the number
of the unanimous consent rule and | of his automobile to the police,
as Representative Mann of by} Th sustaining a demurrer to the indict-
izing the absurdities of the committee Peres esa spesnneliner SoU ge Use
ducharge it jin General Sessions vesierday handed
‘ down an opinion ino which he declare
impossible to consider hills under sus- | that this clanse of the Callan law is un-
pension of the rules,it is apparent that | constiturtiona!
for a considerable poriion of the legisla- Rosenheimer was tiied on the charge
tive total the House is entirely tied up of murder for the kitling of Grace Hough
The experience of many vears has | 4nd a es rhea he we indicted
funder the Callan law. James W. Osborne
demonstrated that bills | and Gilbert D. Lamb. his lawvers. de-
require a certein amount of time for !murred to the indicimen! on the ground
consideration in the lower branch of | that the law seeks fo compel a citizen
The leaders of the House, et |'0 be a witness against himeelf in a crim-
an informal conference: following the {inal case Judge Crain said
adjournment of that body to-day, figured! “It 1s one thing to require operators
vat that the House is many days short fof motor vehictes carry idenrifving

asone man may destroy
Hlinois
rendered

proposition has

appropriation

Congress

to
af the

time required to pass even ite levidence before sich persons have broken
annual money measures, without con-|the law and quile another to demand
sidering the amount of general legis- jetther thas they make self-accusation

ation proposed by the programme out- | tn case of infringement or furnish in such
‘ined by President Taft and tentatively }case a link in a chain of eriminatory
approved by the Republican organization |evidence agains! themselves. The former
In the remaining six weeks of ihe session | can be lawfully done. The latter violates
there are just eighteen days left for the; the Constitution.”
consideration of appropriation bills. The] .
army bil! now before the House will in
al) probability require two more dares
The diplomatic bill will require not less
than two days The agricultural bil! |

judging from past sessions, will require! .
ice I . re! Colvert of Benton county bas prepared

me mer st Soe [ore momucre: Din At. Mage a bill which he says will greatly augment
one and probably two days, the naval | the revenues of the Gata aaa it be ep
about six days, and the sundry Hate ,

fll earrving nearly  8150,000,900 “ana | time prevent — atubsen ney The bil
rs ‘ ' o : | provides for the taking out of licenses
semmet T0lh Of Hee legielation of the | by all persons wishing to drink, and these
i which economical members of lean he issued only pon a showing that
abate ieelve ae take exception. | ine drinker is a man who does not let the
Then there remains the general de- habit interfere with his business
Foaney bill, which, depending eAtivaty lie ee personal licenses to hunt and
ae : 'Y | fish and do other things and follow out
e character of the items it carries occupations said Colvert,
tase from one to three days

 

 

LICENSE THE DRINKERS!

idea of indiana Lestsinier to Prevent
Drunkenness and Raise Money.

INDIANAPOLIS, Jan, 16.— Representative

 

sort to

the

e

' \

jcertain

 

tee ; SumM- | «so why not a license to drink’ It would
ee several of the House leadersti. a gource of heavy revenue to the
<i “( AOS sO8Bs vale meets days | counties and all money derived from the
; be equired for the passage of 4p | sale AP linanune OQUIA ABA LURnad OVaR: Co
rua ac eae ue eee | the educational fund. Licenses could
; : e° YP lhe issued in ane form of small pocket

‘Ss avaiable for the consideration of | card permits reading that the «dholder
oe ase of business the inference is}i.. peen licensed to drink, it having
ne ee ers been shown that he does not get drunk or

‘ granting, however, that this!

eatimal

stoo nigh it becomes apparent,
the o ganization leaders ylumly remarked
teomaent that the bill for the creation |
fa permanent tariff commission and the
ner legislation on the President's pro-
crarmine will «f pressed for action un-
obtedty force an extra session
hoe poss ointy of relieving the cong s-
f business by frequent night sessions
Siigcested at the informal conference |
House leaders following to-day's
imument But Mr. Tawney threw | programme

aa . i *
30,000 TON BATTLESHIPS.

 

The Naval Bill May Provide for Two
ot That Size.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. The indications
jare that ihe naval appropriation bill,
i which will soon be reported to the House,
i will contain an authorization for two new
battleships. This proposition and others
embraced in “the increase of the navy”
submitted by Secretary

Pe
ion o

water on that proposition by dectar- {Meyer will come up for consideration at
ing ‘het he did not believe a quorum of ;@ meeting of the House Committee on
ner bers could be maintained in the | Naval Affairs to-morrow. This pro-
Hoiss at night during the consideration | gramme embraces, in addition to two

tant legilation. And he added | battleships, one collier, one river gun-
s°to a suggestion that he would | boat, two submarines, one original gun-
esponsible for having the sundry boat, two steam tugs and one submarine
wil bl, eareving the graat sum men- | tender. F
-1, rushed through the Honse without The House committee, it was said to-
fonsideration under suspension of the |day, will authorize the two battleships,
‘one collier, one river gunboat and two
loday se ruction over the rules was{submarines, postponing action on the
rot It was apparent to j other proposed additions to the fleet until
next winter.,

  

 

{ies

inforeseen
Sn

peaker Cannon that when the unanimous ;
content calendar had been exhausted If the House committee adheres to a
day an effort would be made to put the tentative decision reached recently the

heretofore ineffective committee discharge |new battleships authorized | will be of
amendment into operation. He also knew | 30,000 tons each, 3,000 tons in excess of
‘nat upon completion of the unanimous! the latest battleehips, the New York and
consent calendar Representative Hull of | Texas. Secretary Meyer has asked that
loa chairman of the Military Affaira | each of the new ships be equipped with
‘ommittee, would present a motion that | twelve 14’inch guns instead of the eight
the House resolve itself into a committee | 14 inch guns with which battleships now

ef the whole for the consideration of the! in commission are equipped. If the ad-
army pill, So the Speaker prepared aj ditional 14 inch guns are allowed the new

| warcraft will be fitted out with triple gun

whieh the House, in his opinion, | turreta instead of the double gun tur-
ralieve itself of the absurdities of , rets now in use, thus accounting for the
mittee discharge amendment to | additional tonnage of the new vessels
the a | ‘ >

ne with great care, which left a loop-

hole hy

 

her words, he was prepared to!
sede in advance that Mr. Hull's motion Academy of Setences ®o ClassiNes Her
rsider the army bill was in onder, Against Four Men.
ho eon Mr. Hull did make this motion Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN
her resentative Fitzgerald of New York Paris, Jan 16. The Academy of Sci-
‘i tered with & proposition to take up) ences, which seems determined upon

nthe discharge calendar to + lace | the election of Mme Curie as a member

iM + and mneat products onethe free list | despite the fact that the Inatitute of

; » Speaker ruled in favor of Hull) France has voted otherwise, met to-day

hi -yerald appealed ‘and examined the claims of candidates

Merrosentative Payne of New York,! for the seat of the late M. Gernez. This

' Hep ublican floor leader, moved to lay | seat was occupied by the late M. Curie,

t ealon the table. But the Demo-| whom upon his death M_ Gernez sue-
iiheirone time insurgent Repub- | ceeded

es

who apparently reached the!  Afiera long debate the Academy classi-
Here of the ways lasi Monday, joined | fled the candidates as follows:

vs once more and turned Mr. Payne; First choice, Mme Curie
| Second choice, M. Berthelot, M. Branly,

‘ademic discussion of the com- M. roca, M. Coftin and M. Perot

 
 

 

    

POU -charge rules in all its ramifica-} The election will take place on January
wed Ai i's conelusion the lag
» - —-- onan heed eee are — ++
ATTER THE GRIPPE Substitution tn Sau
Rn it ‘ rare Ine ang Ove OU If a change ty noticed, {n your sages es
= & SONS CO, 158 Pultun 8t, 8... amine wrapper @nd se your dealer has sent a
ast, * Ribsumte Insplace of DERRFOOT.—Age,

———— rE

+NEW YORK,

'
Speakers ruling was overturned and

 

‘4 ALARMS AND SHOW PANIC

lCCTTING OFF LIGHTS ALARMS
| PACDEVILLE AUDIENCE.

{ ennemmininanne

Hrownss tile Fire of Many Lively Incidents
Fireman Tangled Up With Live

Wires A Score of Others Nearly

| Caught in Crash of Falling Wall.

| A fire last evening
| Brooklyn, that started in a loft building
occupied by a dozen mannfa@uring eon-
| corne was carried by the driving gale to
[many other buildings in the neighbor-
‘hood and got such @ start on the fire-
men that four alarms were turned in

in Brownaville,

i Fire Commissioner Waldo went over
'from Manhattan and Deputy Commis-
taioner O'Keefe of Brooklyn and Deputy

Police Commissioner Reynolds turned
li was the indirect cause of & panic

in the Liberty Theatre, a block away,

|out
| Ras e a score of firemen @ close call from
failing walls and put a trolley line ont
Falling trolles
seriously injured one fireman

}
| of commission wires

 

The blaze seemed to start on the third
floor of the joft building at Liberty avenue

 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 1

=

ds

  
   

MADE TO DANCE WITH NEGRO,

 

; Committee to Investigate Complaint of
White Schoolgirl of Flushing,

Alt ameeting of the Flushing Assocation

last night in League Hall, Flishing, a |

committee of business men was appointed
to investigate the eomplaint made by
Charles BE. Chapman of Lineoln Park
j that a teacher in’ Publie Sehool oa, on
Whitestone avenue, had forced his
twelve-vear-old daughter to danee with
& negro boy in ceriain physical culture
exercises which are a part of the school
régime. ‘The child had protested, Chap-
man complained, and had been told by
Miss Flsie Searing, the teacher, that if
she did not dance with the negro boy she
) Would be punished

; Mr. Chapman said that there were two
»hegro boys and two negro girls in the
) 5B grade of the school end that the teacher
}instead of allowing the negro children to

dance together insists on sapolving white:

‘partners for them during the exercises
When his danghter found herself op
posite (he negro boy one day recently she
; said that id not dance because she
had a paiuoin her side

was admonished, according to the report
which the members «
pheard last night

ifthe lishing League

 

\ The committees appomted comprised
TALE. Shoels, editor of the Flushing: Pinus
iRichard Weed, a member oof | Local
'School Board 9. Po. Burnett and John}

Pr

Vande water

and Christopher street at about S.a0
fo'clock. Half a dozen alarms were
turned in from nearby fire boxes by)

CANTTRY ROSENHEIMER AGAIN | excited residents of the neighborhood, WOMAN

but the Brownsville fire company
| half a mile away al another fire at the time
}and didn't hear of the big blaze until they
were met by courners as they
jturning. At that the Brownsville con
jpany got there before any of
J other Brooklyn companies had covered

vas

were re-

the

the long distance, bul+the building was!

about gone when water was first turned
| on

} The firemen under Deputy Chief Good-
jerson were attacking the blaze from the

'roof of a two story frame house adjoining |

at Wl Liberty avenue when Gooderson
saw the walls begin to sway and ordered
his men away. ‘The firemen had scarcely
reached a three fory building at w@ Liberty
avenue when the side wall erashed out-
ward and buried the frame house
was oceupied by Meyer Goldman and
Samuel Fletcher, who had got their fam-
ilies and most of their household posses-
sions out before the walls fell
Not long after the side wall fell the
front wall toppled over into Liberty
avenue The street was then full of fire-
men playing streams
across the atreet, which were in danger
!The wall carried down the trolley wires
of the Liberty avenue line. There was
a big electrical diaplay when the walls
and wires came together
All the firemen escaped but John Con-
Jnors of Engine 157, who was trying to
drag a heavy hose out of the way, The
‘falling tangle of trolley wires got him
and he was badly burned about the body
He stumbled underneath the weight of
wires and fell backward against the curb
Dr. Nevins of St. Mary's Hospital, who
was called, thought Connors's back was
broken, but at the hospital it was decided
it was only badly aprained
Befora trying to get at the burning lofi
building
wires that carried current to every room
in the structure. In doing so they cut
off the light from many other buildings
ie the vicinity, one of which was Al H
Woode's Liberty Theatre, a vaudeville
house at Stone and Liberty avenues
The theatre was crowded when the build-
ing was thrown into total darkness
Polhee Captain Samuel Frank,
saw the lights go out, anticipated that
| there would be trouble, and he ran inside
He found ihe whole audience trying to
get out at once in the darkness He
shouted out that the fire was too far
| away to be dangerous and explained the
darkness. He ordered the management
to get out jampea in a hurry, and sogn
the crowd quieted down
The wind carried the sparks a block
away to a row of frame tenements occu-
pied by Italians, and the roofs caught
fire At one time three of them were
burning, but the firemen soon put out
the fames
Meantime the fire had consumed the
loft building, had leaped over the frame
dwelling bumed by the walls and had
attacked the three story structure at 09
Liberty avenue. This went quickly. It
was occupied by Jacob Silverstein as a
cigar store and dwelling
The fire was thought to have started in
the loft occupied by Fleischman & Denner-
stein, cloaks, on the third floor. Other
tenants in the building were: Sixth floor,
; Elchanek & Co, men's coats; fifth, Meyer
Goldstein, shirtwaiste; fourth, Meyer
Ratner, skirts; second, Morrie Cherry
and Julius Schwarts, trousers The first
floor was occupied by William Swiede
as a confectionery store
The fire was still going strong at mid-
night, but was confined to the three
buildings. ‘The total damage was esti-
mated at $125,000

CELTIUM, A NE ELEMENT.
French Chemist Found ft In Seeking Lue
tetlum In Gadolinite.

Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE SUN

Paris, Jan. 16 Addressing the Acad-

 

 

; \
nounced the discovery of a new element | dogeribed as an amateur yesterday by | de

which he calls ceitium

It}

on the buildings |

tWROELANCE St ROLON,

Vhereupon she |

‘GO 10 TAFT ABOUT CHAIRMAN

OLD GUARD WILL HARMONIZE! oy G

CNDER AN OP-STATER.,

jSenator Noot, Chatrman Prentice, J.
Sloat Fassett, George W. Aldridge
and Others to See the Prestdent To-
day and Ask Him for a Suggestion,

President Taft is to be asked to suggest
a oman for chairman of the Republean
{State To
iference las been arranged to take place
| to-day the White House

committee this end a con

m Senator

) Root will be present and among others |
bof 2.000 feet in a parachute and at one
Prentice

jfime Bet

'

who will attend it will be Mr
Sloat Fassett of Elmira
j) Francis Hendricks of Syracuse, Timothy
1h. Woodrulf of iN}

Aldsidge of Rochester the
jold guard and the representatives of the
Llovd ¢
president of the Republican organization

(together with J

Kings and George

represenmiug

| Progressiv es will be

jof this county; Herbert) Parsons and
Samuel So Koenig

} tizra PO Prentice, the retiring chait
moan, has been told that the old) guard

leaders are willing to forget what hay
pened at

they

the Saratoga convention
Mr
Duap-Stute man is selected as the new chai
jman, and that if is adopted
they will once more turn up thes

when

were bested liv Roosevelt if an
this policy

'
afer.

 

Dr. Bruyo's Biest Bay on the Wagon of and goto work oS

| the Willlamshurg tMospital | Men dike William Barnes of Albany
Vlivabeth Beavn is the second woman | Timothy 1 Woodruff, who was de

Tambulanee surgeon in the Williamsburg lthroned from the chainmanship when

Hospital, Brookivn, and vesterday after- | Roosevelt won at Si oga; William I.

lhoon she began her work on the ambu- | Ward of Westchester and dames W

lance. She isa graduate of the Cornell | Wadsworth, Sr. speaking for his son,

 

 

‘Medical College of tata and for several |
jmonths was connected with the house
staff of the Women’s and Children's
Hospital in Boston

Her first case after beginnings work
;Vesterday afvernoon called her to 308
'Marev avenue whee she attended Fannie
IStark, an eighteen-months-old child

  
 

who had been overcome by tlhiminating
| gas in the absence of her mother

Dr. Bruvn had been back

avenue, where she found Mrs. Florence
Van Buren, aged So
effects of carbolic acid
I tance surgeon tried in vain to
Mrs. Van Buren CONSCIOUSNESS
then removed her to the hospital
jpolice learned that Mrs Van Buren
\ been despondent
| Dr. Mary Crawford was an ambulance
surgeon in the same hospital. She
tired about a year ago.

restore
and
The
had

to

HALF MILLION IN BACK TANES

Comes to the City From the Recelver of
the Second Avenue Ratlroad.

George W. Linch, receiver of the Second
Avenue’ Railroad Company, asked
} Supreme Court Justice O'Gorman yester-
| day for instructions as to the paymant
of the road's special franchise taxes.
(Mr. Linch said that it has been deter-
|mined that a fair settlement with the

| years between 1900 and 1808 will be
$520,588, but Mr. Linch was afraid that
/ if he paid that sum the city would want
‘to use the same basis of computation
‘for 1900

| If he pays at the same rate for 1909 | Ir

iMr
jto

Linch said that the tax will amount
$55,509, and he has a total balance

who|for that year of only $60,022, out of which,
certificates |

the intereat on receiver's
has to be pail. The receiver thought
{that such close reckoning would arouse
‘a sense of insecurity in the
lthe receiver's certificates,
O'Gorman directed the re-
ceiver to pay the $520,586 over to the city
yesterday and ruled that this payment
would not be binding upon him as to the
taxes for subsequent years,

PREACHERS TIRE OF BEGGING,

Justice

 

 

 

 

Those of Atlanta Resolve Not to
Their Flochs for a Cent in 1vtt.
ATLANTA, Ga, Jan. 16 The prgachers

| of Atlanta to-day adopted a resolution

' to ask their congregations to give

not
money this year The resolution reads:

Ask

Whereas the preachers of Atlanta have

been brought to he largely tax gatherers,
spendimg their time running down people
jto get money out of them, and,

Whereas this is getting to be such a

burden as to be detrimental to the main
work of the ministry, that af saving souls

Resolved, Vhat we, the preachers of Atlanta,
‘pledge ourselves that for the year Wil we

}will not take upon ourselves the collection
\ of money from our congregations

| —
| REFLECTION

 

ON A MOTORIST.

 

Professional Says Commissioner Thomp-
| son Didn't Know How to Handle a Car,

| Commissioner Henry 8. Thompson of
lthe Department of Water Supply, Gas and
Flectricity (recreations, automobiling,
&c., says “Who's Who") testified in the
auit he has brought against the Allen-
| Kingston Motor Company to recover
1 $4,500 he paid for a car that he was an ex-

 

1 than 150,000 miles in six years. He was

Rudolph Egedi, who testified for the com-

in the hos, |

pital only a few minutes when she was |
e

called ont in a hurry again to 109 Division |

'
suffering from the ,
The new ambu- |

She will probably die. |

re. |

, {pert driver because he had driven more!
lemy of Sciences to-day M. Urbain an-!

who is how iu Europe, bave stated then
willogtess fo work for the harmonizing
of the party in this State provided that
the new chairman is tiot a mau who was
allied the
They do tot want one of them
bot they will urge
that an up-State man

| too closely with Loose velt

| faction
elected

Vai

}
selves on

President he
¢ hosen
1 Bevond the Woodraff-Barnes-
Aldridge-Ward spokesmen will make to
recommendations to the President to-day
except that the new chairman should be
fa man who can give his whole attention
to the organization
Timothy L. Woodru® ino announcing
j Yesterday that he would not a can-
didate for his old job as chairman said:
, “fo my mind the task that confronts
/usis not so much the difficuity of finding
a marr who will satisfy the factions in
ithe organization as in the finding a
man who will sacrifice
j to the party for the next year and a half
| Of course he will have to be a man who
| will be acceptable to both sides but he
must also be a man who will be able to
|take advantage of the mistakes that the
Democratic party is making and insure
the vote of this State going to Taft in
1912.”
Although many names have been

mentioned in the conferences” which
| have been going on at State headquarters
i Mr. Prentice said that at none of these
j meetings had their been any positive

this

be

the firemen cut the electric jciiy of New York for the taxes for the | Preference expressed by those who have

| talked to him or communicated with him
‘Mr. Prentice is of the opinion that if the
| chairmanship goes up-State the selection
will lie between J. Sloat Fassett, James
W Wadsworth, Jr, and Edwin A Merritt,

\Mr. Prentice has been able to gather the

jonly names from this city which will

v% considered in the conferences
be held before the meeting of the com-
| mittee on Saturday will be F JH. Kracke

(of Kings and Samuel 8. Koenig. Another

to

holders of | Statement that can be made as coming

from headquarters is that it is likely
that the new chairman will be a man who
is not a member of the commiitee ‘The
gossip yesterday at headquart. was
that if an agreement should be reached

 

*

to appoint an outsider M. Linn) Bruce
would be seriously considered,
|

MILLERS,

| MINUP OF DR.

 

 

 

Victim of Footpads in Paris Kepudlated

\ Here by Woman Not His Sister,

' Speck Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Parts, Jan. 16.—A man who said he was

Dr. H. Miller of Konigeberg, Germany,

!

Grisceom |

) December t

himself wholly |

eA

Increasin

191 1—« opyright, Wit, by the Sun Printing and Publiahing Aasociation

   

NED UYLY THE ATLANTIC,
5.900 Foot Parachute Drop Also in Ht. G.
Carter's Announced Plans.
Carter, an aviator, who arrived
in this country from Europe in December,
said yesterday that he is planning to make
an aeroplane flight across the Atlantic
He says such a feat is feasible and thinks
he will start on March 5 or 7 if the weather

 

ix favorable

Several davs ago Mr. Carter applied to
the Anchor Line to get permission to fly
from the deck of the steamship Cali-
fornia return trip on February

on her

1 a hundred miles off Sandy Hook, but)

the steamship company refused to con-
sider the proposition,
Mr Carter save he has made descents

up a world's record, He says
he expects to make a parachute descent
of 5.000 feet near New York.

ENPENSIVE SOCTALISM.

Milwaukee Pald 61,000 Besides Ten Cent
Admisstons for Four Concerts.
MULwsther, if The Socialist
admipis'ration to-day rec eived figures
fromthe four municipal Sunday afternoon
con which have been held since
The concerts Lave been a
failore financially and the deficit is now
$1000, or about $260 for each concert

Jan

erts

The plan was to continue the concerts

nv he summer months, and it was ex-
pecled thal the cagcerts given ly a high
class orchestra at a cost of only 10 cents

gdmission would be so largely attended
tha
self-sustaining, resulting in the introduce
tion of promising amateurs, who wou'td

they Wort

hus geia chanee to receive the ver
dhet of che public
WIS MIZZEN RIGGING GONE.
Vir. Sinclair Finbbergasted After Collision
With an Automobite.
Joseph Sinelair, who lives at 422 Amester-

dam avenue, eschews suspenders,  Yes-
terdav as he was trving
to board a Broadway car at Seventieth
street an antomobile swooped upon him
and the lamp bracket raked him fore and
aft.

Sinclair found himself sitting on the
unhurt bat pecnitarly sensitive to
the wind that was blowing straight from
Baffin Bay. He arose and fled to a drug
store

Meanwhile she automobile
being driven hy John Moore, who lives
at Fifty-tifth street and Broadway, had
paused. Moore had discovered that bis
lamp bracket was doing volunteer service
as a trousers hanger, and he suspected
that there might be somebody around

afternoon just

street

which was

non

Torepar, Jaxvanr 17, 1011.
cloudiness to-day, probably fol-
lowed by rain or snow by to-night
@ to-morrow.

«

 

SHEEHAN NAMED:
SHEPARD MEN OUT

‘Buffalo Man Chosen, but
Without Enough Votes
to Elect Him.

‘TWENTY-FOUR STAY AWAY

|Ballot Shows 62 for Sheehan,

 

22 for Shepard and 7
for Herrick.

|
|
|

Ninety-one Democrats on Record as

Pledged to the Envel.teutenant-Gove
ernor Ten More Are Needed for His
Klection -Senate and

Assembly to

Separately Toeday -Nineteen

il soon become more than |

Assemblymen and Five Senators Ab-
sentees Caucus Held Hehind Closed
Doors and Wuech indignation ts Felt,
Peesented- One

Vote to Go for Willian i, Hearst—

Three Names

|
| nly
t

j Serious Spilt in the Party Predicted.
|

| ALBANY, Jan, 16.—The Democratic joint
canes and Assemblymen
| inanimously selected Willlam F, Sheehan
to-night to be the Democratic candidate
jfor United States Senator succeed
Chauncey M. Depew on March 4 next.
By the unanimous action of the caucus
91 Democratic votes are pledged to Mr,
| Sheehan, or 24 votes less than the Dem-
| oc ratie strength in the Legislature.

| On Joint ballot, if all the members of
jthe Legislature are present and voting,
jit would require 101 votes to elect Mr.
| Sheehan Senator, or 10 votes more than
| Mr. Sheehan was pledged in the caucus
‘to-night. But a United States Senator

 

of Senators

to

who needed those trousers more than he |

did. He found Sinclair, wrapped him
about with rogs, and took him home

GATLING GUN IN COURT
To Protect Negro Convicted of Assault,
Murder and Arson.
Oxrorp, N. C., Jan, 16.--In a special

 

{is elected by a majority of all of the
| Senators and Asseamblymen present and
| voting, so that the majority required to
a United States Senator lessens
| according to the number of absentees
'when the vote for Senator is taken. To-

morrow at noon the Senate and Assembly

|
| elect

_ertminal term to-day Nathan Montague, | each will ballot separately for Senator.

|
|

It is understood also that from what |

charged with the murder of J. Laton
Saunders, his niece, Irene Overton, and
his daughter, Millie Saunders, criminally
assaulting the latter and setting fire to
the house, was tried, convicted and
sentenced to die on February 15

The court room was packed and the
negro was protected by a military guard
and a gatling gun placed at the door
lest attempts at lynching be repeated

WAv DROP HAINS FROM ARMY.

 

House Passes Bill to Prov ide for Dismissal
of Convicted Officers.

WasHINGTON, Jan. 16. !f a bill that
was passed by the House to-day is con-
curred in by the Senate and approved by
the President, the name of Capt. Peter
Hains, who is serving a term alt Sing
Sing for the murder of William Bo Annis
at the Bay Side Yacht Club, Long Island,
in August, 1908, will be dropped from
the rolls of the United States Army

‘The bill was presented as a result of the
discovery, following the conviction of
Hains, that there is no authority in law to
deal summarily with army officers who
are separated from the service by offences
that result in their imprisonment, The
bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
drop from the rolls the names of officers

|who have been convicted in a competent

and that his home address waa with his |

sister at 557 West 14ith street, New York

city, was found by a squad of soldiers this |
morning bound to a tree in the Bois de}

Vincennes near Joinyille-le-Pont,six miles
east of Paris. He said that he had been
attacked by two men and robbed of $1,009

 

| an old suit for his.

court, or Who for any reason are absent
without official leave for a period exceed-
ing three months

—— ——

CITY HALE DOORS SHUT.

——encane

Fresh Ale Cure for Office Sceking Tempo-
rarily Discontinued.

For the first time this winter the front

and his clothes, the thieves substituting | and back doors of the City Hall were
lelosed yesterday.

At the beginning of

| The police found near the tree a vial ‘the cold season Mayor Gaynor ordered

;containing a fluid thought to be poison

\
|
|

that the doors be kept onen in all weathers,
This order was obeyed until yesterday,

| Dr. Elsie P. Miller of 349 Certral Park | although Custodian Ryan and his helpers

she had lived in the apartment house at
557 West 144th street but that she had no
brother and that she was the only doctor
in the family. At West 144th street it
was said that she was the only Dr, Miller
| who had ever lived there

|

 

 

BLAUTY,
Assets of Rouge, Lip Salve and Pearly
Gray to Go to the Board of Health.

Supreme Court Goff handed

|\COURT MEDITATES ON

 

dustice

j made by Charles K. Allen, appointed

He told the members of the Academy | nany before Supreme Court Justice Mc-| receiver in a suit brought by Florence

| that he was seeking to increase the aupply |

of Jutetium, an element which he first
found two years ago. Puring nisexperi-
ments he worked with gadolinite earths
and there found small quantities of a

waa three or four times that of lutetium
A spectograph examination showed
clearly that it was a new element

| BANKS BEAT UNCLE SAM.

! alse Their Interest to % Per Cent. and
aa Held Thetr Time Depositors,.

| Nepraska City, Jan. 16. The Govern-
| ment postal savings bank established in
Nebraska City has forced the local banking

institutions to increase their interest

 

paying rate in order to hold their time de- |

posite.
| Before the advent of the postal savings
| the local banks paid 2 per cent. interest
,on time deposits. When the Government
| bank opened and offered the same interest
\ the local banks, both State and national,

immediately increased their rate to 3

per cent. and have succeeded in holding
' practically all their time depositors by
;that means.

THe SEABOARD FLORIDA LAM CED,
All

 

j Haas, apeiric lebied ; One ni Pt mut
‘ eervi pear A Resorts. ing. I’, BK. ik.
{ or ches, bes BD dway.—Ade,

 

Callanda jury. l/gedi had charge of the
lear one morning wnen Mr, Thompson
ltook it to try out, Commissioner
| Thompson had testified that the
j groaned, the mufflers belehed clouds of

it

MME. CURIE FIRST CHOICE. | substance the diamagnetism of which) gas and smoke, and the car wouldnt

run

“All that ailed the car was that Mr
| Thompson didn't know how to handle it.”
said the witness yesterday. “You can't
{handle a high powered car the way you
} would a taxicab, Mr. Thompson threw
‘on the high speed, snapped it off, threw it
‘hack and kept the poor engine worried to
jdeath. Any good engine would buek at
such treatment
(how to bandle such a car.”
| The Court directed a sealed verdict
| -_
840 (in Pennies) Out of 66,400 Got Back,
' INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 16. Guided to a
field east of the suburb of Irvington by
| Ben Deery, the police this evening dug
|
{bank at New Palestine December 29,
vhen the bank was robbed of $6,100
| Deery confessed the robbery and Cordia
| Martin was arrested with him. ‘The two
i young men had spent all the money ex-
! cept the coppers recovered this evening
} omer emEaTe + <0 -c0e or .

CUBA, FLORIDA, AUGUSTA, CHARLES-
1ON AND SUMMERVUELLE, 10.16 \. M128,
nse & #90 POM Superior service via Penna,
hand Atlantic Coast Line ft. R.'e. 1214 B'way.--Ade,

“engine |

I don't think he knows |

up $40 in pennies taken from the State!

|
;

own this decisionfyesterday on a motion | i

iM. Graham against Elizabeth’A. Hubbard, |

who were in business at 500 Fifth avenue:
! “A receiver was appointed in a partner-
ship quarrelf{ between two'ladies who
| operated a beauty parlor. The receiver

petitions to be discharged on the ground | of ‘hn
4 Commission ‘ol

that after much diligent effort he hac
been unable to discover tangible or in-
tangible property of any

books, accounts of ladies who have been
; nade beautiful at a cost of between
25 cents and $3, all of which are collectible,
and $7.80 in cash,

“it is stated that the material in the
; bottles is unmarketable The receiver
| aks instructions as to how to dispose

 

of it) For the purpose of conserving

| public safety the best course to be pur-
j kued would be to notify the Department
of Health. As to commissions, he is
entitled to 5 per cent. on sums collected,
| but in all event he is entitled to commis-
| sons of $100. This sum he is allowed,
and he may retain the $7.80 ag a nayment
yon account. He is discharged, and so is
his bond.

TRE SEABOARD FLORIDA LIMITED,
Four hours quickest tran to Tampa.
office, 1153 Broadway) .--.ide,

,

|

| West said last night that a few years ago| and the politicians who ply their trade

in the corridors complained. They ap-
pnealed to Borough President MeAneny,
who has jurisdiction over the building,
and he promised to intercede,

The Mayor told Mr. MeAneny that the
doora could be kept shut when the tem-
perature fell below 28 degrees. here-
upon President McAneny directed Cus-
todian Ryan to buy a thermometer and
hang it outside his bedroom window and
whenever he found it registered 28 degrees
or under to close the outside doors, When
Ryan woke yesterday morning and read
S degrees ne had the doors shut,

(WERICAN TO ADVISE BRITAIN

On Telephone Systems British Governe
ment ts Tahing @ver.

Boston, Jan. 16. Prof. Dugald C
Jackson of the Massachusetts Institute
Technology, adviser to the Highway
Massachusetts in_ tele-
matiers and president of the
Institute of Electrical Engie

phone
American

substantial | peers, has been retained by the Briiish
value except a number of bottles alleged | Government

to contain material for facial decoration :
Ml value of the telephone property which

toe

Hie will advise the British
Postmaster-General in) regard to the

British Government is to purchase

)his year from the operating companies

|
|
'

| Mayor of Toledo Has Appendicitis, the | nineteen

deaboard \

and make a part of the national post office
organization ; ;

Prof. Jackson is a Pennsylvanian by
birth

BRAND WHITLOCh

 

ILL,

Doctors Say,

ToLEbDo, Jan. 16.. Mayor Brand Whit-
lock of this city is ill with appendicitis
and confined to hishome. ‘Two physicians
were called in yesterday and agreed in the
diagnosis, but said an operation at this
time was not absolutely necessary

MALLLARI'S VANILLA CHOCOLATE,

Paveithands when travelling anywhere, at any
dime, Flavored with the Mesican Vanilla bean,
—Ade,

W
nominated
the nomination of Mr. Sheehan was made

At noon on Wednesday the Senate and
Assembly BidbbtR6iledtedoint session in the

Assembly Chamber, when the result of a
joint baliot wilt be announced. If there
is no choice then further joint bailows
;must be taken until an election is con-
summated
There remained away from the Demo-
eratic ecauenus 24 legislators, 5 Senators
and 19 Assemblymen. There ara 150
Assemblymen and 51 Senators. The
Democrats have 29 Senators and 1
Independence Leauguer and 85 Assem-
blymen. In the Senate vote to-night
| William F. Sheehan received 16, Edward
1M. Shepard 7 and D-Cady Herrick 2,
and the Assembly vote was William F,
Sheehan 16, Edward M. Shepard 15 and
D-Cadv Herrick 5
The total vote of the Senate and Assem-
bly therefore was Sheehan 62, Shepard
22 and Herrick 7 But on motion of
Assemblyman Donovan of Kings, who had
presented Edward M. Shepard in nomina-
tion, and on motion of Assemblyman
R. Herrick of New York, who had
D-Cady Herrick of Albany,
unanimous. ‘This Mr. Sheehan 91
votes
The vote in the Senate for Sheehan was
Black,

gave

Fiere, Frawley, Gittins, Grady,
Griffin, Harte, Metlelland, MeManus,
O'Brien, Pollock, Ramsperger, Stillwell,
Christopher D. Sullivan, Timothy D. Sulli-
16. The vote
was Bayne,

van and Wagner. Total,
for Edward M. Shepard
Cronin, Cullen, Harden, Long, Loomis
and Sanner. Total, 7. The vote for
D-Cady Herrick was Ferris and Murtaugh,
Total, 2

The vote of the Assemblymen for
Sheehan was as follows; Blauvelt, Boylan,
Brennan, Bush, Caughlan, Cuvillier,
Dawson, Kgan, Fitzpatrick, Foley, Frisbie,
Geatons, Gerhardt, Gillen, Goldberg,
Goldstein, Graubard, Gregg, Gurnett,
Hackett, Hearn, J. J. Herrick, Hoey,
Jackson, Jameson, La Reau, A. J. Levy,
J. Levy, Manley, McHugh, McElligott,
McGrath, Monezynski, Mork, Neupeurt,
Oliver, Parker, Patrie, A. E. Smith, Spiel-
berg, Turley, Walker, Washburn, Weil,
Wend and Zorn. Total, 46.

The Assembly vote for Shepard was as
follows: Carew, Chandler, Donnelly,
Donovan, Farrar, Fay, Gerken, Hyman,
McKeon, J. J. O'Neill, M. A. O'Neil, Schif-
ferdecker, Seeley, Sheide and Shortt.
Total, 15. The Assembly voie for Her-
rick was: Collin, Gould, W. R. Herrick,
Hoey and Warren, the last coming in
late. Total, 5.

There’are Democrats here who gay that
complications are in sight. The Shepard
men who remained away from the caucus
to-night are not bound by the caucus and

= Mr. Shepard's vote when the

| Senate and the Assembly vote separately

| to-morrow may be swelled, and yet it is
/ known that while some of these Demo-
| cratid legislators absent from the caucus
to-night are opposed to Sheehan, they
jare not strong for Shepard and some are
; partial to Herrick, The name of Supreme
| Court Justice James W. Gerard was not
| presented to the caucus to-night, neither
was the name of Seymour Van Santvoord

i of ‘Troy.
The four Democratic Senators and
Assemblymen who remained
lout of the caucus are at liberty to vote
forany Democrat in the State they plead
| Senator Du Hamel, the one Independence
| League Senator, will vote forWilliam &,

aret.
ere, wasn't a Democrat on the fleld
‘to-night who would hazard a guers who
was to be the next United States Senator
if it is not to be Sheehan. Mr. Sheehan's

friends were saying on the other hand

  
 

 

 

eee