ee

eae

=

Se nen Sma

~~. >

 

~ YOL. LXXIV.—NO. 117,

DR. TRAUTMAN NOT IN COURT.

CASE OF ACCUSED WIFE OF PHY-.
SICIAN GOES OVER.

 

 

Jiogan, Who Satd She Robbed Him, Swears
to Complaint —She Says It Is an Outrage
-Dr. Trantman Says He Was Too Busy
to Attend—Will Be There To-morrow,

Mrs. Jeanne Trautman, wife of Dr. Alex-
ander Trautman of 369 Lexington avenue,
caine to the Jefferson Market police court
yesterday morning to answer the charge
of robbing Peter J. Hogan, who says he is
an Erie Railroad freight clerk, of $13 last
saturday night, She was in court promptly
at 9 o'clock and sat on the front seat in
the court room with Mr. and Mrs, E, C.
feofield of 131 West Twenty-first street.
Mr, Scofield bad bailed her out from the
police station cell the night before. Dr.
routroan was not in court.

Mrs. Trautman was self-possessed. She
(se tall, very dark and dignified. She told
the story of her arrest to a SUN reporter,

“IT had been shopping and was walking
up Sixth avenue at about 6 o’clock when a
ran grabbed me by the arm and shouted
‘Police!’ I asked what be wanted, but he
just held on to my arm and kept shouting.

A policeman ran up and arrested me. I
protested. I told him who I was and that
I had never seen this man before. The
man just said, ‘She stole my money,’ and
the policeman carried me off.

“At the station héuse I protested to the
man at the desk, the sergeant. I told him
it was alla mistake. I told him I was Mrs.
‘rautman, but the man again said I had
stolen his money and the policeman led
me hack to a cell,

“| got word to my friend Mrs. Scofield,
and she and her husband had me bailed out
and I went home with them.”

Hogan, a small, slim man, who blinks
behind heavy double lens glasses, came in
after Mrs. Trautman and her friends arrived
and told the reporter the same story he had
told Policeman Gilligan when he had Mrs,
Trautman arrested.

“| was walking up Fifth avenue on Satur-
day night,” he said. “Two women passed
me near Thirty-fifth street. One of them
stopped, took me by the arm and led me
down into an areaway. She threw her arms
around me and I saw her hands in my
pockets, but my pocketbook was still there,
and I thought it was all right. Next morn-
ing | found $13 had been taken from it.”

Hogan was asked if he was positive in
his identifieation of Mrs. Trautman.

“Yes; I carnot be mistaken. That is the
woman who robbed me. I did not see her
efter that night until yesterday afternoon,
but I know that she is the one.”

Magistrate Finn disposed of the routine
eases, and at 10 o'clock summoned Mrs,

Trautman and Hogan before him. He
asked Mrs. Trautman if she had a lawyer to
defend her.

“No,” she answered; “I do not think I
need a lawyer. My friends here in court
know me, and the charge is absurd. I was
at my home ill at the time this man says he
was robbed. He has made a terrible mis-
mike.”

Hogan swore to his complaint, and then
the Magistrate advised Mrs. Trautman to
ask for an adjournment and engage. a
lawyer, and after consulting with Mr. Sco-

eld she consented. Examination in the
case was then set for Thursday morning at
10% o'clock, and the station house bond
was continued,

Mrs. Trautman could not explain why
her husband was pot in court with her.
‘ie said that she had tried to reach him
curing the night with telephone messages

md telegrams and thought that he was
probably at their summer home in Great
Neck, L. 1.

Dr. Trautman was seen at his Lexington
avenue home in the afternoon.

luis is outrageous!” he declared, pacing
he floor of his office. “The fellow’s im-
pertinence is simply maddening. The idea
cf having my wife arrested and getting her
rame in the newspapers in this way. It is
outrageous! If IT had been in court this
morning 1 would have stood up with this
I would have knocked his teeth
down his throat.”

Dr Trautman was asked why he had not
been in court.

“You must know Tam very busy. I have
a large number of patients waiting for me
ell the time,” he said. “But I will be there
at the examination Thursday. The
aTair seemed insignificant to me at first.
But the man is evidently crazy. I have been
in charge of the insane asylum at Ward's
Island and know what I am talking about.
This man is eraay. I have heard that he
has caused arrests before. I mean to look
up his record.”

“Were you at Great Neck lat night?”

“No, I was at the Motel Breslin and this
morning I was very buey.”

Dr. Trautman was asked where his wife
was on Friday and Saturday nights.

“Oh, I do not know. I am a very busy
man. She was probably at some concert
or visiting the family of her music teacher,
Augustina Carbone.”

Mr. Carbone was seen at his studio in
Carnegie Hall.

“Yes, Mrs. Trautman and my wife and I
‘were at the Manhattan Opera House on
Friday night,” he said. “I did not see her
Saturday. She told me that she was going
Out of town over Christmas. But she came
to take her music lesson yesterday and she
Said that she had been so ill that she had
been unable to leave town.”

Mr. Carbone said that Mrs. Trautman
had been one of his pupils for three years
and that he had the highest respect for her.
His wife was with him in the studio and
joine¢ him in praising Mra. Trautman’s
character, Mrs. Carbone said that while
@t her music leason on Monday Mrs. Traut-
man had said that she was going out to
buy a Christmas present for the Carbone
little baby. ,

“She was probably looking for this pres-
mt when that man had her arrested,” she
faid

“To lock up a well known, reapectable

fellow

 

eee

rc ll

¥oman on the complaint of an unidentified |

man is disgraceful,” Carbone said. “It
could not happen in any city but New York.
Why, here a nobody, a loafer, could have

&Ny person, no matter who or what she was,
frrested by simply telling a policeman that
he had been robbed.
f00d name and standing of one like Mrs.
Trautman should stand for nothing against

the word of an ordinary man in this kind |
; the locomotives were rushed into service.

of a cane.”
At the police station Hogan gave his ad-
dress ay 102 East Twentieth street. There

‘smo such number on that street. In court

It is absurd that the |

rere

 

++NEW YORK,

he gave his address as 152 West Twentieth
Street. He could not be found there. Mrs.
Nellie Cone, the landlady of the house, said
that no man of that name had Ived there
during the two years that she had been in
the house. But letters had come occasion-
ally addressed to Peter J. Hogan at that
house, she said, and it was possible that he
had lived there at one time.

Mrs. Trautman went to her home from
the Jefferson Market court. She repeated
what she had said the night before at the
house of Mr. Scofield after she was re-
leased on bail.

“I cannot express my horror,” she said,
“when the man who sat at the desk in the
station house said I would have to be held
on this man’s complaint. I answered all
the questions he put to me, never believing
that he was recording my pedigree in the
book. But even after the matron led me
away | surely thought she was going to
keep me in a room in the rear of the station
house until I could summon friends to my
aid. To my horror I was led into a cell
after the matron had searched my cloth-
ing.

“I couldn't fully realize my situation.
There I was, alone in a dark oell with an
iron barred door and wondering how
long I would have to wait there. At first
the matron was somewhat brusque, prob-
ably believing that I was the kind of woman
this person charged me with being. When
the matron told me that I Would probably
have to remain in the cell all night I felt
that [would gomad. I begged and pleaded
that she let me out of the cell, and I offered
her all the money I had in my purse, but
she told ne I would have to stay there.

“Several times during the hours I spent
in that cell I became so weak from fright
that I feared I would collapse. I had been
ill on Sunday and Monday,and was in such
pain on Monday afternoon that Dr. Traut-
man had to give me morphine to relieve
me. He told me that I should not leave
the house that afternoon, but I had some
Christmas shopping to do and made my-
self believe that I was well enough to go out.
Following my arrest and the humiliation of
being locked up in a cell I was in a wretched
state, and didn't care if I survived the night.
The thought of the accusation terrified me
and I kept wondering what my friends
would think when they heard of it. How
the police could take the word of such a
man against that of a respectable woman
was more than I could understand. When
the policeman came up to me on the street
I breathed asigh of relief, feeling that he
would make the man go away. My heart
sank when I heard him say that I would
have to go to the station house and explain
the matter there. To be branded as a low
woman of the streets, and a thief, too, ia so
shocking and outrageous that I was dazed,
and scarcely realize it yet.”

Mrs, Trautman’s friends said last night
that counsel would be engaged to bring
action of some kind against Hogan. Magis-
trate Whitman told the Scofields on Mon-
day night when he was signing the bail
bond that the policeman hadi simply done
his duty and could not have refused to
take Mrs. Trautman to the station house
when Hogan made his complaint.

Dr. Trautman is well known as a surgeon
in this city. He was for a time superin-
tendent of the insane asylum at Ward's
Island. During the Russo-Japanese war
he went to Japan and investigated the
Japanese hospital service. He has also
attended several medical congresses abroad,
at one time having gone to Moscow on
such an errand. He has been married for
about three years. Mr. Scofield said yester-
day that he had known Dr. Trautman inti-
mately for several years. He asserted that
Mrs. Trautman had always enjoyed the
highest respect of all who met her.

LOADED DOWN WITH SILVER.
Dr. Hyland Didn't know Two Negroes Had
Robbed Him Until the Detectives Told Him,

David Robinson of 360 West Forty-first
street, who said he was a jockey for Thomas
Hitchoock, Jr., and Clarence Montague of
302 West Fortieth street, both colored, were
held in $1,000 bail each for trial by Magis-
trate Cornell in the West Side court yester-
day for burglary. Robinson, appearing
larger than ordinary about the waist line,
and Montague struggling with a bundle,
were seen % Detectives Devanney and Cur-
ran of the West Thirty-seventh street sta-
tion coming out of t ment door of
the house of Dr. James D. Hyland, a den-
tist, at 246 West Forty-second street, about
6 o'clock on Monday evening. A silver
plate slipped from under Robinson's coat
the detectives said, and then the two started
to run.

The policemen interfered and discovered
eleven pieces of silver stowed away on them.
The negroes said they were taking it away
for the family to have it repalished. They
later confessed, the policeman said, that
they took the silver after entering the house
through an open door. police said
that they forced the lower door open.

Two of the family were in the kitchen
back of the room from which the silver was
taken and the rest were upstairs. They
knew nothing of the loss of the silver until
informed of it by the policemen. '

 

 

 

$50,000 FIRE IN SHIPYARD.

Newport: News Shipbullding Co. and Old
Dominion Line Suffer Loss.

Newport News, Va., Dec. 25.—Fire late
this afternoon destroyed the carpenter shop,
sheet iron shop, sail and rigging lofts, pipe
fitting shop and oakum department of the
Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock
Company, damaged the Old Dominion
steamship Jefferson, which was in dry
dock No. 1, and endangered the power plant,
machine shops, joiner shop and other build-

ings.

_— Eddins of fire company No. 1
was fatally hurt by a red hot wire that en-
circled his neck when the burning pole to
which it was attached fell.

General Manager Walter A. Post of the
shipbuilding company said to-night that
he was u le to estimate the loss, but he
thought that it would nererg cueeee $50,000.

The damage to the Old minion liner,
which is being lengthened, was entirely to
the joiner work.

 

 

LOCOMOTIVES BROUGHT OUT.

Accident to Central's Electric System
Brings Emergency Outfit Into Use.

A short circuit, caused by the uncover-

ing of a manhole, put the New York Cen-

 

 

a i
ge St ss he hs

t

XK, WEDNESD
NO MIDNIGHT MASS REVOLT.

FRANCE AT LARGE IGNORES RE-
LIGIOUS PRIVATION,

  

 

 

i

 

Private Celebrations for the Devout Ac-
centuate General Indifference —Press
on Beth Sides, However, Indalges in

4

CONNECTICUT’S TESTS SECRET.

No Word Given Out Regarding New Battle-
ship’s Behavier at Sea.

Norrok, Va., Dec, 25.—After a cruise of
three days off the Virginia Capes the new
battleship Connecticut, built at the Brooklyn
navy yard, again entered the Chesapeake
this morning and is now at anchor in Lynn
Haven Bay.

The ship has been at sea for eight days all

 

 1906.-comvriont, 1800,

 

|

Ritter Talk—Pious Window Smasher, | tld and nothing is yet known outside |

|
Special Cable Deapateh to THE SUN. |

Paris, Dec. 25.—Christmas has come |
and gone in France without the Christmas ,
midnight mass, and personal inquiry would |
be necessary to find any one who felt the
privation keenly. Really, midnight mass
was celebrated in various places where the
devout could assemble, just as there ie mass
daily in the churches, and the devout at-
tended without any embarrassment what-
soever; but the spectacle hunters, who have
been numerically the greatest factor in the
midnight mass, went their several ways
without seeming to mind this grave change
ordained by the Church.

Devout worshippers, to the number of a
thousand, made their way to the great
Church of the Sacred Heart in Montmartre,
where midnight mass was celebrated.
They were admitted through the sacristan’s
door. Most of them departed after the
mass, but many lingered to pray for the
Church's welfare and in silent adoration.
The incident only emphasized the lack of
deep interest shown elsewhere, a lack which
goaded some of the Church papers into a
nearer approach to fanatic abandon than
has been shown in many weeks.

The Autorité says fervently that next year
when the peasants leave their cottages and
step into the cold night they will see a light
on a hill, a light similar to that of the Star of
Bethlehem. Crowds will gather in a barn,
open to the winds of heaven, to celebrate a
feast to which the churches are closed.

The Libre Parole says:

“Sadness and despair are met on every
hand, yet at times one utters a horrible
laugh, produced almost involuntarily by a
situation which, though atrocious, is so
illogical, so grotesque, that it compels a
laugh. It seems that men going to the
scaffold must laugh that way.”

The anti-Church organs, on the other
hand, speak in quite a matter of fact way.
The Aurore says that the abolition of the
midnight mass here is an episcopal lockout,
with a plain purpose, viz., to create the
idea that as there is no more midnight mass
persecution is beginning. It adds that
there is not a Catholic in France who does
not know that if there is no midnighf mass
it is by the will of the Bishops.

The Humanilé says:

“Behold a Church which when ,not perse-
cuted persecutes itself. It is she who ex-
tinguishes in the heavens the star of the wise
men. She had best have a care lest the
eyes of her children lose their habit of
searching in the night for thia light. But
really, why does she suppress the midnight
mass and yet ordain that other masses con-
tinue? She is no more menaced on Christ-
mas than on other days, and she appears
rather as desiring to provoke agitation.”

It remained for a Church sympathizer
to cause the only public agitation in Paris
to-day. At the corner of the Grand Boule-
vard and Rue Richelieu there is a window
known for years to thousands of tourists,
swells and Frenchmen, where public men
are caricatured in drawings that are changed
daily. The caricature to-day showed
Cardinal Richard, with Deputy Denys
Cochin hanging to his shoulders in a way
which offended a Catholic journalist,
Henri Bruchard.

Bruchard, being apparently a prudent
man, did not act impulsively, but went up
to a policeman standing near the window
and inquired what would happen if he

smashed the window. The policeman
politely informed him that it would be
necessary to arrest him. Thereupon

Bruchard violently struck the window with
his cane and bade the officer do his duty.
After acknowledging his guilt at the station
house and declaring that he had acto
because his conscience was violated by
the caricature, Bruchard was liberated.
He promptly wrote a letter to the evening
papers of Amiens. “

In the various communes of the Somme
new declarations have been made to the
number of forty-five.

The validity of eighty associations cultu-
elles, formed despite the Papal interdic-
tion, will soon be tested in the courts. M.
Vannesson, president of the association
at Culey, has summoned M. Camus, treas-
urer of the vestry, to surrender the parish
books and prvuperty. M. Camus replied
by questioning’ the legality of the associa-
tion, which retained Abbé Hutin as priest
after the Bishop of Verdun had suspended
him,

WOULD OUST MERRY DEL VAL.

Pope Citvgs to Him and Policy Adopted in
France—Widespread Sympathy.
Spectat Cable Despatches to THs Sun.

Lonpon, Dec. 26.-Tbe Rome corre-
spondent of the Telegraph says that a bitter
feeling has arisen against Cardinal Merry
del Val, Papal Secretary of State.

A serious movement has been begun to
secure his retirement in the hope of arrang-
ing a compromise with France, which is
impossible so long as he is at the helm.

The Pope clings to him, and it is doubtful
if the intrigue succeeds.

Rome, Dec. 25.—The Pope's Christmas
messages were double theusual number this
year, especially from France and the English
speaking countries. A majority of them
refer to the position of the Church in France,
express loyalty and offer pecuniary help.

The Pope says that these messages afford
him peculiar consolation, especially in view
of the bitter hostility of the newspapers.
His Holiness, speaking to a friend after
the Christmas mass, said:

“I have acted in the interests of the
Church. If individuals suffer, I will try
to relieve their distress, as they are in the |

 

a —
_

but I cannot regret what I have done.”

NO CURZON-LEITER BREAK.

 

tral’s newly installed electric system out | Mrs. Leiter Emphatically Denies That There

of business for a short

morning and
locomotives.

Edward Berry, an electrician who livea
at 229 East Seventy-seventh street and
works in the Central's power house at Park
avenue and Fiftieth street, opened the
manhole to repair a connection in a cable.
When the manhole was opened a jet of

flame shot up, followed by an explosion,
and burned He 80 as to uire the ser-
vices of Dr. Reid of Flower Hospital. The

machinery in the power house came to a
standstill. The yard superintendent was
notified immediately of the accident and

According to the company officials little
dela
a t, because steam has been kept up
in engines for such an emergency.

s

 

‘ence hate! ob
i» ah Tt . « Ae
ik a eli NEN Tl

time yesterday |
brought out the discarded |

Have Been Strained Relations.

'

|

{

position of innocents suffering persecution, |
|

Dec. 25.—Mra. |

WASHINGTON, Tevi Z. |

| Leiter to-night authorized a denial of the |

story sent out from Chicago a few days
ago that strained relations existed between
her family and her son-in-law, Lord Curzon |
of Kedleston, former Viceroy of India. |
The story given in the Chicago despatches |
was to the effect that Lord Curzon went to ,

’ a hotel when he was in Chicago and Wash- |

in transporation was caused by the | denial, declar

}
ington on business connected with- the |
settlement of his wife's estate and did not |
stop with the Leiters. It was said also |
that. Joseph Leiter left Chicago to avoid |
meeting Lord Curzon. |

Mrs. Leiter was most emphatic in her ;
that the relations between |
Lord Curzon were of the |

a7,

official circles as to what speed she may
be capable of developing.

This is regarded as significant at this
naval station and it is feared that the per-
formance of the last addition to the navy
may not have been all that was expected of
her. The first run of the vessel after leav-
ing the Brooklyn navy yard was described
as a shaking down run. When the vessel
returned here this morning information was
imparted to the effect that the last cruise
was merely for testing the working of the
ship’s helm and the obedience of the ship
to it. When the vessel went to sea the last
time it was reported that her speed would
then be tested.

The commander of the vessel has asked
permission to take her to Cuba in advanc®
of the fleet, scheduled to sail the second
week in January. The ship will coal, proba-
bly, at Newport News, before again going
to sea.

Rear Admiral Coghlan said last night at
the Brooklyn navy yard that so far as he
had been informed the Connecticut had had
no formal trial. He said the vessel was being
limbered up and her machinery tested.
Admiral Coghlan did not believe that the
Connecticut was not doing as well as was
expected.

FIREMEN'’S STRIKE A FAILURE,

Ne Tieup on Southern Pacific-—Ne Danger
on Other Harriman Linegs

Ex Paso, Tex., Dec. 25.—All trains east of
here on the Southern Pacific are moving
on time, notwithstanding the firemen’s
strike. Officials declare that no freight is
tied up and that trains are moviftg as usual.

Negroes and Mexicans are being em-
ployed as firemen and engineers are break.
ing them in rapidly.

“With our oil burning engines a fireman
can become proficient in one trip,” said
S.C. Marks, superintendent of the Southern
Pacific here, “and we are having no trouble
getting men ”

Some cowboys stoned a train at Alpin
because a deputy sheriff from Sanderson
fired a train into El Paso.

OmanHa, Neb., Dec, 25.--Deapite threats
of the striking Texas firemen to call out
all firemen on the Harriman system if the
Texas trouble is not adjusted immediately,
Union Pacific officials do not fear a strike.
Last spring the Union Pacific entered into
a contract with the firemen’s union, and
all points are covered in the agreement,
which has eighteen months more to run.

There has been jealousy always between
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific em-
ployees, so great that no sympathetic strike
has ever extended from one road to the
other. Four years ago the great strike of
shopmen on Union Pacific did not extend to
Southern Pacific, although -the . leaders
made every effort to have it do so,

 

 

 

 

THREAT TO STORM FAILED BANK.

 

Police Busy Keeping Order Among Farmers
Who Lost by Rinehart'’s Methods,

WaAYNESBURG, Pa., Dec. 25.— Hundreds of
farmers who live in remote parts of Greene
county, who learn thé news only through
the weekly arrival of the mail, came to town
to-day to learn the exact condition of affairs
at the failed Farmers and Drovers’ National

Bank.

Crowda began to assemble on the stfeets
early, and by noon, in spite of the cold, the
throng had increased to thousands. As the
townspeople told the country people what
they knew of conditions, the indignation of
the farmers. many of whom had every-
thing, their all, in the bank, became dan-
gerous.

Several times the crowd became unruly,
and threats were made to storm the bank.
The police bad much trouble in maintaining
order.

Contrary to his custom, J. B. r. Mine-
hart, former cashier of the defunct bank,
did not attend service at the Methodist
Church. Rinehart spent the greater part
of the day at home. In the afternoon he
visited the office adjoining the banx, wnere
he has made his headquarters since he wae
deposed as cashier. Charles Sharak, the
special examiner, is expected to-morrow.

hat action he will take is a matter of con-
jecture.

In an interview Bank Examiner John B.
Cunningham this afternoon said:

“I cannot say what arrests will be made.
Tecan ony aay that, from the looks of we
there will be many. It is the most de-

lorable condition of affairs that I ever

new.”

The antorvenate yuane: women who were
formerly employed as clerks in the bank
and against whom it will be necessary to
bring charp«s of constructive forgery on
account of .he crookedness of Rinehart
spent the saddest Christmas of their lives.
Friends will undoubtedly stand by the
young women.

That many failures will follow the crash
of the bank is now generally believed. It is
said that the failure of Reuben Goldberg &
Co., in which Rinehart was interested, is
only the first of many. Rinehart was inter-
ested in half of the business concerns in the
town, and there is no doubt that many of
them will be unable to weather the storm.

AUTO CAUGHT WOMAN'S GOWN,

Chase of Twenty-two Blecks Follews on
a Car—Chauffeur Held.

An automobile owned by E. R. Dick, a
broker, of 30 Wall street, and driven by
John McMahon of 71 West 102d street
whisked down Broadway at 180th street
last night so close to the curb that it caught
a woman's skirts in the spokes of the wheel
and threw her to the ground.

Henry C. Lichten, his wife and Lena
Lichten, his mother, all of whom reside at
577 Weat 180th street, were standing at the
corner of Manhattan avenue and Broad-
way waiting for a car to take them down-
town. The auto caught the elderly Mrs.
Lichten’s gown and she was dragged off
her feet. r. Lichten said the ‘one
turned, called out “Merry Christmas,” and
put on more power.

A Broadway car was behind the automo-
bile and the motorman saw the accident.

“Climb aboard,” he yelled to Lichten,

 

 

| “T'll catch him.”

The motorman forgot hia passengeras
and paid no attention to the conductor’
ringing of the bell. McMahon, Mr. Lichten
told the police, kept a his head and
taunting the motorman and Mr. Lichten,
who was on the front platform.

At 107th street Lichten sighted Policeman
O'Connor, He heard shouts and decided
to stop the automobile and find out what
was wrong later. i nl

He stood squarely in the path of the
machine and McMahon was forced to
come toa stop. The chase lasted fort wenty-
two blocks.

Mr. Lichten accompanied the policeman

| to the West 100th street police station,

where a cha: of reckless driving was
made against .

 

ee
SS .

 

 

 

NINE KILLED IN RACE WAR.

NEW

 

KEMPER COUNTY, MISS.

 

Eight ef the Nine Men Killed Are Negroes
~Troops Withdfawn After the First
Trouble—Gov. Vardaman Sending
Mere Troops—Two Whites Arrested.

Meripran, Miss., Dec. 25.--Nine dead and
three wounded is the record of the race riot
in Kemper county since the trouble started
Sunday morning. Eight of the dead are
negroes, while but one white man was
killed,

When the troops arrived at, Wahalak
last nigbt they found the little town in a
fever of excitement over the clash between
the races earlier in the day.

Col. McCants, the commander of the
Second Regiment, was informed that the
negroes had fortified themselves two miles
from Wahalak, and a party of soldiers went
out to dislodge them, but when the troops
arrived on the scene the blacks had disap-
peared. Two negroes were killed near
Wahalak by whites early last night, but no
further trouble occurred there during the
night or this morning.

All of the negroes in that section had
either fled or secreted themselves in their
homes, and believing the trouble at an end,
Col. McCants returned to Meridian with the
soldiers this afternoon.

To-night rioting broke out at Scooba, a
town in the same county, five miles south
ot Wahalak, as a result ofjwhich five negroes
were killed. The Sheriff of Kemper county
was unable to contro! the situation and

sent Gov. Vardaman an urgent appeal
for troops.

The Governor immediately notified the
militia at Meridian, Macon and Columbus
to proceed to Scooba by special train. The
Meridian troops have already gone and
the Macon and Columbus soldiers are ex-
pected to reach Scooba before morning.

Reports from Kemper county by long
distance telephone state that ‘all of the
white people in the county are up in arms,
and a deadly clash is likely between the
races,

The negroes are said to be heavily armed
with rifles and shotguns, and it is believed
that much blood will be shed before the
troops arrive.

Two of the alleged slayers of the negroes
at Scooba have been placed under arrest,
apd Gov. Vardaman has ordered a company
of State troops from this city to prevent
their escape.

The race war is an outgrowth of the kill-
ing of two conductors an Mobile and Ohio
railway trains by negroes, one on Sunday
and the other to-day.

HELD UP.

Mr. Philip Duffy’s Adventure With a Pair
of Pirates.

The ferryboat Colorado of the Roosevelt
street ferry was moving out of the Broad-
way, Williamsburg, slip about 9 o'clock on
Monday night when Philip Duffy, who is
50 years old and a laborer living at 204
South street, ran out on the bridge and,
with a leap that would have been a credit-
able performance to a man of half his years,
just managed to get aboard.

“That was a close call,” he said. “I want
to get home to buy a few things for the kids
before the stores close.” He put his hand
into his pocket to see if his money was safe
and walked into the women's cabin. He
neither smokes nor drinks and he took the
women’s side of the boat to escape the
tobacco fumes.

Duffy found himself alone and taking out
his money began to count it. With what
he had drawn out of the savings hank and
his week’s wages he had $52. As he was
putting his money away two men walked
into the cabin and took seats beside him.
They waited until the boat got pretty well
out in the East River. One of them, leaning
over, said to Duffy:

“We want that money and we want it
damned “quick.” The speaker shoved a
revolver against Duffy's ribs. Duffy
jumped up. a

“And if you make any noise it’s overboard
for yours,” said the second robber, throw-
ing up a window. “Hand over the change
or out through the window you go.”,

“Is that 80?” said Duffy, who boasts that he
was once “middlin’ good wid the gloves.”
He hit the man with the gun asmash in the
face that knocked him into the corner.
Before the second man could recover from
his surprise Duffy let him have a kick in
the abdomen that took all the fight out of
him. Duffy was after the first man again
in an instant and quickly took the revolver
from him.

“It’s overboard for mine is it?” he laughed.
“You“thought the old man was easy, eh?
I guess you didn’t see me make that ten
foot leap aboard the boat a few minutes
ago. I'mdamoned if I've not half a notion to
throw yer both out of that window.”

The members of the crew had heard
the racket and ran ip to aid Duffy. He
said he was only beginning to get mad aa
he realized what had been attempted, and
had they not appeared he surely would
have made both burglars leap into the
river.

Policeman J. O'Neill of Oak street station
took the men when the boat tied up. They
said they were H. F. O'Brien of Worcester,
Maas., and John Connell of Norwich, Conn.
Magistrate Crane held them both for General
Sessions in $500 bail each.

 

 

 

FIRE IN A_ SHIP,

Vessel Tied Up for the Winter Burned
—Police Investigating
Curcaeo, Dec. 25.—A fire, the origin
of which the police and fire departments
are investigating, occurred in the hold
of the Empire State, a line boat of the
Barry Transportation Company, in the lake
at the foot of Illinoia street, late to-day,
and practically burned the vessel to the

water's edge.

The vessel was recently withdrawn from
the Chicago-Milwaukee service as a pas-
senger steamer and had been laid up for
the winter. The value of the ship is esti-
mated at $60,000,

Spring Weather in Denver.

Denver, Col., Dec. 25.—In Colorado and | known Great Falls attorney, is

Wyoming to-day the weather has been
like early September. Overcoats and wraps
were discarded, thousands of people were
seen in and ontenctin dressed
in summer » most of the ladies being
bareheaded

 

After all, Usher’s the Scotch
Maat made Ute Righbell famous.-~ Ade

 

TROUBLE BREAKS OUT IN |

by The Sun Printing and Publiehing Association, °

TO HALT J.J. HILL'S STOCK ISSUE.

Minnesota Attorney-General to Ask
Injunction To-day.
MINNEAPOLIS, Deo. 25.—Attorney-General
E. T. Young has the papers practically com-
pleted for an injunction suit to prevent the
Great Northern's $00,000,000 issue of new
\ stock.

They probably will be filed in the district
court of Ramsey county to-morrow and
notice served on the railroad company at
; once. An early dedision of the question is
| desired because the books will be open for
suv bacriptions to the new stock on January 4.

The State's legal representative will ask
for a temporary restraining order to hold
back the deal until the case can be decided
on its merits. The Great Northern is a
Minnesota corporation, and so comes under
the State law requiring railroads to get the
consent of the State Railroad Commission
before issuing new stock or other securi-
ties,

ARCHDUKE’S LAST SURRENDER.

Gave Up Everything for Wife; Now Wants
to Give Her Up, Too.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Vienna, Deo. 25.—Archduke Leopold
Salvator, who renounced his family rights
four years ago and married Wilhelmine
Adamovic, the daughter of a post office
employee, with whom he has since lived
near Geneva, is now seeking a divorce.

He has summoned a Vienna lawyer to
arrange terms with his wife, who hasalready

agreed to a separation.
WHOLE TOWN TO EMIGRATE.

9,000 Residents of Bejar, Spain, Golng
to Uraguay and Nicaragua.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN

Maprip, Dec. 25.—Nine thousand of the
inhabitants of the town of Bejar, which
is forty-five miles south of Salamanca, de-
cided some time ago to emigrate in a body.

A meeting was held yesterday, which
approved the offer of the Presidents of
Uruguay and Nicaragua to supply ships
and funds for the transportation of the
emigrants.

FREEDOM HIS XMAS GIFT.

Wealthy Philadeiphian Wins Long bight for
Release From Asylum.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 25.—Theodore
Wright, once a leading financier and rail-
road man, was released to-day from the
Burn Brae Hospital for the Insane at Clif-
ton, Wright's release followed a_ bitter
legal struggle, which he carried on against
his own family single handed except for
the aidof Attorney Thomas Earle White,
to whom he had smuggled a letter from the
asylum.

Hie own family finally became confident
of his sanity, reversed their position and
to-day for the first time for ten years Wright
ate Christmas dinner as a free man,

Wright’ was a member of the shipping
firm of Peter Wright & Sons and president
and heaviest stockholder in the Winifred
Railroad in Virginia. Wright was regarded
as one of the biggest and keenest business
men in Philadelphia until his quiet disap-
pearance ten years ago. 1t was a long
time before his friends learned what had
become of him.

Gradually the story leaked out that his
son, Minturn B. Wright, had had him placed
in an asylum. The commitment was upon
an affidavit signed by two well known physi-
cians. Nothing more was heard from
Wright for a few years. Then he managed
to communicate with Mr. White. Mrs.
Frances Davis, a sister of Wright, who lives
in Colorado, arrived in this city, and going
to Burn Brae took her brother away.
Wright is worth several millions,

AHOY THERE, CASEY!
Come Aboard, Said the Tennessee's Crew,
With Boat Hooks, and He Did.

The Joy Line steamship Tennessee,
which was due to leave Pier 28, East River,
yesterday afternoon at 5 o’clock, was de-
layed over an hour because of the effect of
Christmas on one of the crew, a fireman
named Casey .

According to the story told by the crew
of the Tennessee, Casey came to the pier
shortly before 5 o’clock and tried to board
the boat by the forward gangplank. The
plank was straight and Casey’s course was
triangular. He missed the boat but hit the
river.

Casey swam around for some time and the
crew finally got boat hooks to pull him
aboard, The boat hooks were a success,
but Casey shouted that he was a Hippo-
drome mermaid and came aboard clad in
his shirt. Dr. Gates took him to St.
Gregory's Hospital! and said that it was a
case of alcoholism. He added that what
Casey got on the outside wasn't as bad as
what he got on the inside.

WOULD CREMATE ALL AUTOS,

Petition to Belgian Parilament Makes
1908 Their Limit.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun,

Brvssets, Dec. 2%5.—A_ petition has
been presented to Parliament asking that
every motor vehicle in the country be
burned in one great bonfire before 1908,
the resultant scrap metal to be sold for the
benefit of those who have been maimed
by the acoursed autemobiles.

CHARLES A. WEBER HELD.

Diamond Merchant Accused of Conversion
of Property Arraigned in Court,
Charles A. Weber, the diamond merchant
who had a shop recently at 320 Fifth avenue,
and who is under arrest charged with the
larceny of many thousand dollars worth of
diamonds, was arraigned in the Tombs
police court before Magistrate Crane yester-
day morning. There were two charges.
One was made by George W. Lyons, who
ave him a diamond ring worth, he said,
, to sell on commission. A pawnticket
attached to the papers showed that Weber
under the name of Francis had pawned this

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

eee
a
——————

ring for $275. He was held for examination
on this charge in $1,500.
The second set of pe ers showed Adolph

}
Ludeke of Ludeke & Heiser to be the com-
| plainant. He charged the larceny of a
| pearl necklace worth $6,500 given to Weber
!' on memorandum and converted to his
| own use. Bail was made $6,500 on that
| charge. Weber’s bondsman had not
reac the court when it adjourned, and
he wassent tothe Tombs. Theexamination
| on both charges was fixed for January 2.
j

 

More Federal Land Feneing Indictments,

| HkeLENA, Mon., Dec. 25.—In an indict-
ment found by a recent Federal Grand
Jugy, just made public, T. E, Brady, a well
charged
with unlawfully erecting and maintaining
a fence and preventing free passage across
18,167 acres of public land in Valley county.
He gave bonds for his appearance. There
are several other indictments against promi-
nent persons living in Cascade ‘county.

pti MSP Eee ca

 

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 36, 198,
Partly cloudy to-day and to-morrow;
slowly rising temperature

a

to-day.

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
PUTTING IT UP TO ROOSBYELT.

CONGRESS TO MAKE A FIGHT ON
THE NEGROES’ DISCHARGE.

 

 

 

Foraker, It Is Said, Has More Ammanitien,
Which He'll Use in the Senate—Fight
to Be Made en Sanders’s Reinstate-
ment—The President Is Aroused.

Wasuinoron, Deo. 25.—"I think the
story about what the President intends
to do in the matter is too silly to discuss.
Please do not ask me to comment upon it,”
said Senator Joseph B. Foraker of Ohio
to-night upon his return from New York
when his attention was called to the report
that President Roosevelt would veio any
measure that Congress might pass restor-
ing to the service the negro members of
the Twenty-fifth Infantry who were dis-
charged without honor from the army
on a charge of engaging in riotous behavior
at Brownsville, Tex., and that if such a
measure were passed over his veto he would
refuse to obey it, pending a decision by th?
United States Supreme Court.

Two interpretations may be placel
on this statement of Senator Foraker abovs
quoted: first, that he doubts that the Presi-
dent has assumed the attitude he is siid
to have teken; and secondly, that it doesn't
worry the Ohio Senator much, even if the
President's position has been accuratel7
stated in the press reports.

The Ohio Senator is a fighting man.
The controversy that has developed over
the Brownsville incident gives him an on-
portunity to gratify his taste for battle.
Mr. Foraker absolutely declined to-night
to enter into any discussion of his int»n-
tions in connection with the case of the dix
charged soldiers when the Senate recon-
venes after the holiday recess, Itis known,
however, that he is making preparations
for another speech on his pending resolu-
tion which provides for an investigation
of the whole Brownsville matter by the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs.

Indications are that the Foraker resolue
tion will be passed early next month. The
President's action in sending Milton D.
Purdy, assietant to the Attorney-General,
to Browneville to collect evidence upon
which can be based a legal defence of the
President’s order has been construed as
evidence that the Administration believes
the resolution will be adopted.

There are intimations that Senator
Foraker didn’t use all bia ammunition in
the speech he made last week concerning
the Brownsville incident. His friends say
that be may have a surprise or two in store
for the Administration. 5

It is the expectation in Washington that
an ugly situation will develop as a result of
the President’s action and the utterances
ascribed to him relating to the discharged
negro infantrymen. The Foraker resolu-
tion promises trouble, and it is known
that another move will be made in Congress
to test the temper of the President in the
The President has declared time and
again that in no circumstances would ho
consent to the restoration to the army of
any of the discharged men unless conclusive
evidence could be presented justifying
such a step. He has gone even further
than that by permitting himself to be
represented as saying that he would refuss
to obey the will of Congress, as expressed
in a bill passed by both houses, until the
legality of such a measure had been passed
upon by the Supreme Court.

A test case will be made, it is understood,
in behalf of Mingo Sanders, a sergeant in
the Twenty-fifth, a veteran with a fine
record, whose dozen or more honorabls
discharges bear testimony to his efficient
service as a soldier and his character as @
man. Sanders served in the army twenty-
five years. He saw service in Cuba when
Mr. Roosevelt was in the island as an offioer
of the famous Rough Riders, and it is re-
lated that on one occasion Sanders, at the
solicitation of Col. Roorevelt,
food of which the Rough Riders were very
much in need.

It is said to be the programme to intro-
duce a bill providing that Sanders shall be
cleared and his name restored to the rolls
of the army. This will be putting the casa
up to the President with a vengeance.
Nobody who knows the facts believes,
however, that the President will make any
exception for Sanders's benefit.

President Roosevelt is very much stirred
up over the criticisms of his action in dis
charging thé colored troopers without
honor. It is the topic that he discusses
most with visitora to the White Houss
these days, and to every one with whom he
has talked on the subject he has expressed
his unalterable purpose to stand pat.

SOLDIERS IN DRUNKEN ROW,

Whites Take Side of Conductor Against
Negroes on Leavenworth Car.

LEAVENWORTH, Kan., Deo. 25.—A dis
turbance was created by a negro soldier
of the Ninth Cavalry on the car to Leaven-
worth last night.

The car wag loaded with white and black
soldiers, the whites in a large majority,
who were making for the post to answer’
“oheck” roll call.

One drunken negro soldier refused to
pay his fare, alleging that he had paid it at
the other end of the car from that at which
he was standing.

When the conductor insisted on payment
of fare the negro soldier tried to strike
him and four other negroes on the
car showed a disposition to back him up.

 

 

furnished |

The white soldiers took the side of the con.

ductor, and, as they were in a majority,
soon cowed the negroes.

No blows were struck; but the negro
soldiers jumped off the car and threw stones
into the car, breaking three windows’, This
frightened a number of women so badly
that thoy jumped off. The car proceeded
to the post without further trouble.

One of the negro soldiers on the car who
wanted to fight lost his cap; which had his
name stamped in it. This soldier is under
arrest and in the guard house. He will be
detained to tell the names of the other
negroes on the car.

Col. William Paulding, commander of the
post, is investigating the affair, and purposes
to punish the soldiers who made the dis-
turbance,

The military officials look,on the dis-
turbance merely as a drunken sorap, There
was no riot. Both white and negro soldiers
are down town as usual to-night, but ao
armed sergeant or corporal is riding on each
car to and from the post to see that good
order ia maintained. An armed patrol is
placed on cars to the post for several days
following each-payday, and this plan is in
operation to-night,

.