JACK'S MERRY CHRISTMAS. |

MORE FUN THAN YOU FEVER San |
(BOARD THE TLirke, |

= ee t

Trees and Greens to the Masthead—Gaimes |
in the Bunk Mol¢—Vand Over Hara |
Masthead Raves—The Urigs Emptied
—Shore beayes—€heers for elon Gould

tack was glorkous,

fetortons

Kings may be blest, but

er all the tls of iife

’
Snuggled away in the cosiest corner of

the harbor the imen and offieers of Unele
Sam's dandy baitleship squadrons of the
North Atlantic fleet celebroted Christinas
yesterday at the Brooklyn navy yard

Qiiet as church mice the big fighters
have been gathering here lately from Maine
to Manila to greet St. Nick in that port of |
ports that sailor men love, the one just off
the Bowery.

Hard by the main Cock of the yard, spank-
ing and fit in a coat of holidey paint, lies |
the Kentucky. Abatt and well to the stern |
the Maine, flagship of the fleet. In the |
wake of the latter the Yankton. Across |
the channel, fast to the cob dockpis the
Kearsarge, Aft, in the direction of the old
Wallabout Market, the Alabama, flagship
of the second division, with Rear-Admiral
Charles H. Davis aboerd. Off to starboard
rides the lowa. Directly across from Man-
hattan and hugging the westerly end of the
dock the receiving ship Hancock. Near by
the Newark and the Dolphin. Around the
Horn, well to east by north, the Ohio.

From outward appearances evidently
little preparation had been made for the
Yuletide celebration until sundown Christ- i
maseve. Rear Admiral Coghlan, who is in
c@mmand of the yard, preparatory to clos-
ing shop for the night took down a handy
telephone receiver. |

|
|
|

eee

“Kindly ask commandant of the yard
if the fleet will dress gbip for Christmas?”
he asked of the flagship commanding officer.

“Aye, aye, sir!” came back cheerily.
*Trees and greens to the masthead at sun-
eet.” ;

“Very good,” replied the Admiral

Hardly had he spoken the words when |
colors sounding from numerous bugles of
the various ships broke out o1 the erisp
air almost in unison. Crews were mustered
on the ouerterdecks at attention As the
last note sounded colors dropped and each
officer saluted. Hardly had the sound pene-
trated to the commandant's office than with
admirable precision off each yardarm and
flagstaff was swung a huge Christmas tree
anda quantity of holiday greens.

Immediately the band aboard the Maine
etruck up an old Chriatmas carol. Each
vessel followed. With lusty lungs the
hearties joined in the chorus

2 May God biess
All friends dear,

With a Merry Christmas

And a Happy New Vea

|
This was what the jackies had been wait-
ing a solid year for. It didn’t take them
long to get into action.
All sorts of funny jiggers were rigged up
in the crew's quarters for merriment. In
the bunk hold of the Kentucky strapping
big fellows with hands tied behind their
backs were diving into huge pans of
molasses trying to fish out silver coins
with their mouths. Aboard the Ohio the
hhuejacketa were convulsing themselves |
watching a pie eating contest. This event |
had to be hurried ¢o make way for the blind '
pig boxing match. So it went far into |
the night.
All hands were up early the next morn- |
ing to be in time to witness that event of
events—a hand-over-hand masthead race.
The boys aboard the Kearsarge broke all
records and were declared champions of
the fleet.
During the morning as many men and
officers as could be spared attended im-
ive milMary masses celebrated by both
rotestant and Roman (atholic chaplains
The climax of the hilarity of the crew
was marked by the breaking of the mess
nnant from the vardarms at high noon.
hey now had to turn in for a dinner that |
their mouths had been watering months |
for. Ship printers had vied with each |
other in getting out the dinkiest menucard. '
On one side of the favor would appear |
a likeness of the ship. The other would
tell what was doing in the eating line and |
about what might be expected from the
band. Here's what the boys aboard the
Obio battled with:

Cape Cod Oysters,
Pickles, Horseradish,
Roast Turkey with Oyster Dresstus,
Cranberry Sauce, Bolled Eastern Ham
Mashed Potatoes, Green Peas,
Celery.
Mince, Cranberry and Apple Ples,
Plum Pudding,
Nuts, Candles,
Frults In season,
Cigars, Cocoa.

To make the event happier every man
{fn the brig, many of whom had been dining
for several days upon bread and water, was
turned loose. Everybody ate as hard as
he could, because he knew there was plenty
more where that came from.

Aboard the Hancock a real live bard was
discovered. It was in the person of Able |
Seaman Bill Stokes. Amid blushes he read
the following original poem, which met with |
such vociferous approval that the author
was immediately dubbed poet in chief of

the vard

The frown of war has vanished
From off the ship to-day,
And wrinkled care Is banished
While Christmas holds its sway;
With flags and holly gleaming
The decks are varnished bright,
The guns In peace are dreaming
And flecked with rosy light. }

Keen frost and breezes stinging
May sweep the bitter Fast,

But mirth and laughter ringing
Shall crown our jovial feast

rhe ship's aglow and humming
With lightsome jest and word

When the boatswalin pipes the coming
Of Santa Claus on board.

WILLIAM SToRKs,

After dinner the crews mostly applied |
for shore leave, which wae readily granted,
and they began to hit the high places bound
for the Sargasso Sea, better known to |
Jandsmen as the vicinity of Chatham Square
and the Bowery. . ;

During the afternoon and evening special
vaudeville performances were rigged up
at the Naval Y. M. C. A. in Sands street, |
Brooklyn. While this was going on it was |
announced that Miss Helen Gould had pre-
sented the association with a fine new
fraphophone and more records than could |

« heard in a month. This was greeted
with a storm of cheers for the donor. A
special dinner was also served.

About this time the officers aboard began |
to get busy. Their celebrations in the form |
t Christmas trees, gift exchanging and j

'
|

8. N

 

ess dinners were due, beginning at sun-
ber

Aboard the Hancock Lieutenant-Com.- |
mander Day and Lieut. C. ‘I, Wade dined
in state. They were all, out of a comple-
ment of twelve officers, who had not got
home leave.

The only catastrophe reported was the
inability of Santa Claus to visitthe junior
officers’ mess of the lowa. For weeks Mid-
thipman Foote Dortch, in charge of the
afair, worked like a beaver planning a
propriate gifts. A committee secretly
came to a large Manhattan store and ordered
the presects. They were promised to them
positively by Christmas eve. In the mean-
time several officers decided to go home
for the holidays. Word was sent to the
merchants to. countermand certain gifts.
Instead the message was misunderstood
and the entire order cancelled. By working |
overtime the officers succeeded in rigging |
up a beautiful tree in the forward torpedo |
room and having everything completed by |
yesterday morning. hen it came time to
&° after the gifte which all thought were
talely aheaset the error was discovered
A more disgruntled lot of men could hardly
be imagined. :

Midshipman Reese and Warrant Officer
GW. Byrne engineered celebrations aboard
the Alabama "furgeon R. B, Williams and

L 5.T.M.M the Maine.
Se taded aboard the Ken-

ee

; row hadn't
| the tables where the diners drove

| the big stage. There was a kreat Christmas

| this year.

 
   
 
 
 
 
 

  

°

We Loan Millions
annually upon selected New York |
City property, taking first mortgayes
as security. |

These mortgages are upon real |
estate, the titles to which have been
searched and insured ky us. They
are offered to investors, principal |
and interest guaranteed by the Bond
& Mortgage Guarantee Company, |
without expense to purchaser, They |
yield a net, iax free rate of 4°5 per |
cent,

Call or write for memoranda of
these high grade securities.

TLE GUARANTEE
AND TRUST CO |

Capital & Surplus, - $11,000,009 |
|

 

176 Broadway, New York.
175 Remaen Street, Brooklyn.
36 Fulton Street, Jamaica.
Brooklyn Banking Dept.. 198 Montague Bt.

 

tucky last night a strapping fellow in the |;
officers’ mess, glass in hand, jumped to |

his feet.

“Attention, men, all! Attention!” he
cried. “Here is to our wives, our sweet-
hearts and our mothers!”

That's the way all good navy celebrations

wind up.

 

NEWSBOVS MR. FLIESS'S GUESTS,

 

Dined in Relays of 180 From 7 o'@lock
inul O30.

When the 1,600 newsboys and things
finished dining at the Newsboys’ Home at
14 New Chambers street last night it took
Bill Stannard, who said he was the chef
d'w@uvre, about half an hour to sweep up
the battlefield. William M. Fliess got
stung for the dinner—the biggest that
ever was in the history of New Chambers
street—and the only reason the dinner
wasn't bigger was that the rest of Park
heard of it. One glance at
right
through the turkey and spread the remains
on both sides of the road proved that sume
of the city's newsboys have passed the Osler
age limit and have to eat their celery with
@ Spoon.

For forty-three years the late William
M. Fliess wiehed a merry Christmas to
the newaboys by way of their stomachs,
and since he died about two years ago
his son, who bears the same name, haa
continued the festivities. Charley Fritz,
one of the waiters, said that the boys were
fed in relays of 1,000,000 at a time last night,
but it has been learned from Supt. Rudolph
Heig of the home that there were only 160
boys in the dining room at a time. The
boys started in at 7 o'clock and it took
them until #:30 to finish all the things that
Mr. Fliess put befSre them. There was
enough left over to keep stragglers from
Park row and the Bowery going until a late
bour.

There were 640 pounds of Fliess turkey
at the dinner, not to mention the 300 pounds
of ham, four barrels of potatoes, three lady
sociologists from the ‘Teachers’ College of
Columbia, four barrels of turnips, two
crates of cranberries, three crates of cel-
ery, two policemen, 500 loaves of bread,
a piano, several firkins of butter, 1,000
pies, a Scotch-Irish setter that ate right
out of the hand of its master and 160 gallons
of tea. ;

Mrs. Fliess, assisted by Supt. Heig and
Mrs. Heig, Mrs. Alfaro, Mrs. Probst and
Miss Emma Brace, a daughter of Charles
Loring Brace, who founded the society,
passed around the goodies as relay after
relay entered the dining hall from the audi-
ence room on the floor above. The three
sociologists from Columbia flitted from
table to table under their own power. When
the feed was at its height Mr. Fliess made
an °
“We're going to bave a dinner every
year,” said the host. (Clink, clink, cheers
and cries of *Pass the salary, y’ big stiff.
Don’ ac’ the hawg, Slivers.”] As long as |
live [cheers] ] hope to entertain the news-
boys of this city (applause) at this annual
Christmas {loud applause and cries of
“Lemme yer spoon, Jimmie} dinner |cheers},
and when | am gone |tremendous applause
it will be my wish that my children [hysteria
will continue the custom that my father
instituted forty-three years ago.” (Great
applause, brea ing of china and loud barks
from the Scotch-Irish setter.) .

The Park row loungers on their way
back from the Sullivan function heard the
uproar and dropped in for another dinner
as a ohaser. Kinid the sweeping of the
débris Supt. Heig beckoned the dere licts
along encouragingly, so that when 10
o'clock arrived there was nothing left of
the 640 pounds of turkey but dismantled
hulls and clean scraped keels that were not
even worth the notice of the lone canine
guest,

ee
———
Se

 

THE SITTIG CHRISTMAS TREE.

 

Mrs. T. L.. Woodruff Aids Mrs. Sittig in
the Management This ear.

The Sittig Christmas Tree Association
held its seventeenth Christmas tree cele-
bration in the Columbia Theatre yesterday
morning. The theatre was opened at 8
o'clock in the morning, and at that time
there were fully 200 children waiting to get
in. At 10:30 o'clock, when the celebration
began in earnest, there were 3.000 children
im and about the theatre anxiously await-
ing for the appearance of Santa Claus on

tree on the stage lighted with hundreds of
incandescent candles. —

A vaudeville entertainment was given,
after which Santa Claus made his appear-
ance and began the distribution of pres-

ents to the children, who marched in line
up on the sta and in front of the tree,
and after each had received his or her

present, together with a hox of candy and
an orange, marched across the stage and
down to the aisle and then out to the street,
making room for others who could not get
in at first. Mrs. Sittig - aided in t
management by a number of women, amon
Steer’ aan rs. Timothy 1. Woodruff,
who has taken a keen interest in the tree

 

The Weather.

The pressure was moderately low over the Atlan
tlhe States yesterday, although the centre of the area
of bigh pressure was moving eastward over the
Lake regions and the Ohlo Valley The tempera
ture was accordingly lower in the Southern States
and a trife higher in the Atlantic States

It was growing warmer In the upper Mississippi
Valley and the interlor of the country. The cold
wil! probably be dissipated over the eastern half of
the country, the minimum having been reached

Falr weather was general yesterday over the
Fastern and Southern States, except for a few scat
tered showers In the east Gulf districts, In the
upper Mississtpp! Valley and the central States west
of the Mississipp! there was some snow

In this etty the day was fair and cold, although
slightly warmer; wind, fresh northerly; average
humidity, 43 per cent barometer, corrected to
read to sea level, at 8 A. M., 20.88; 3 P. M., 29.78:

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
official thermometer, is shown tu the annexe! table:

a ee ls

19068 1905. 1006, im»,
9A.M 1s” 20° 6P.M 23) 3°
12M u 20°, OP. M.. +28? ‘2
3P.M 25° 34° 12 Mid 23°

WASHINGTON PORKC AST FOR TO DAY AND TO monnow

For eastern New York, partly cloudy to day and
to morrow, ercept snow flurries in north and cen
trud portions; siowly rising temperature to day: [resh
to brisk northwest winds

For New Jersey and Delaware
to morrow, with slowly rising temperature
northwest wlods

For New Fngland, snow flurries to day and tn
north portion to morrow; sot much chauge to tem
perature, fresh porthwest winds

For eastern Pennsy!\ania, part!y cloudy to day
and to-morrow, with snow flurries in north portion;
somewhat warmer (o day. fresh northwest winds

For western New Sork, snow flurries to-day and
to-morrow, fresh west to northwest winds

For western Pennsylvania, partly cloudy to-day
and t morrow. with slowly rising vempereteran:

fair to day aod
fresh

¥

| Snowdrifts.

MINING BOOM IN THE HOTEL.
EVERETT HOUSE REVENUES GONE ,
ON THE WOODBINE TRAIL?

 

 

Books Are Likely to Get Before the Court,
Whereupen It May Be Disceverabie
What Became of the Receipts of the
Hotel Corporation Before It Seld Out.

No further progreas was made yesterday
toward settling the dispute over the pos-
session of the Everett House, ia Union
Square, between J. P. Flannery,who bought
the lease and good will on Monday morning
and Lindsay Russell, appointed receiver @
few minutes later by Judge Holt of the
United States District Courton petitions filed
by Acker, Merrall & Condit and other cred- |
itors. Mr. Flannery is still in possession.
Mr. Russell intends to apply ‘to-day to the |
court for advice,

Neither J. H. Siebert, who was the man-
ager for the Everett House Company, nor
F. B, MacCarthy, who was once the treas-
urer of the concern, showed up yesterday
and no word was received from them at
the hotel. Siebert was the man who did
all the business for the company and it
was to him that Mr. Flannery paid the
purchase money. Mr. Flannery says he
never saw Siebert before the negotiations
began and knew nothing of his antecedents.
Siebert used to be a contractor uptown
and built several large buildings. He is
described as a man who was extremely
optimistic about certain mining schemes
in the West Indies,

It is said that Siebert was led to take
this view of the schemes by MacCarthy, |
who was well known as a mining specu- |
lator, After the hotel changed hands and
the company took possession MacCarthy
and Siebert both lived there and it became
quite a resort for mining speculators.
They frequented the café and dining room
and never talked in terms of leas than a
million,

While they were discussing the great
fortunes they were going to make in mining
the affairs of the hotel were getting badly
mixed. For over a month before tie final
crash came practically all supplies for the
place were delivered C.0.D. William H.
Parke, the active manager, says he could
not understand it. He is a hotel man of
experience and he saw that while the hotel
Was apparently prosperous and making a
profit of at least $100 a day no bills were
paid except the wages of the employees.
When he asked Stebert for an explanation,
he says, he got no satisfaction. Neither
he nor the bookkeeper received any checka |
from the Everett House Company with |

'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

which to pay current expensss and they
knew nothing about the bank account.
The books are said to be in such a con- |
dition that it will be a task to trace the |
money that apparently has not been ac- |
counted for. |

The woman who oalled on Monday and
said that she had lost $12,000 did not return |
to the hotel yesterday. No one there |
could or would tell anything about her. |

The publicity given to the financial mixup
at the hotel has revived the disouasion as |
to whether the King of England, then the
Prince of Wales, put up there on his visit
to this city over forty years ago. The |
Everett was then unquestionably a swagger |
hotel, but the annals of the time as recorded
in the newspaper files show that his High-
ness was a guest at the Fifth Avenue Hotel |
while in this city,

BIG TIM WASV'T THERE, |
'

 

   

But All the Rest of the Bowery Was at His
(hristmas Dinner.

Everybody along the Bowery was present |
at Big Tim Sullivan's feed it seemed yester- |
day but the host. He has had a way of |
pulling off these little affairs for the past |
twelve years without ever turning up. |
Basbfulness is said to be the reason

It is estimated that about 10,000 persons
satisfied their well groomed appetites
Anyway, 4,000 turkeys, 5,000 chickens, 3,000 |
gallons of coffee and enough beer to float |

the battleship Kearsarge were consumed
Each diner got a check which at a later |
date will entitle him to a new pair of shoes |
and some woollen socks.

Roundsmen Burke and Garraghty of the
Eldridge street police station and a bunch
of cops were on the job, but their principal
work was spotting repeaters. So many
people applied for tickets that at times |
there was a line doubled in many places
around ¢he entire block bordered by the
Bowery, Delancey, Chrystie and Riving- |
ton streets. About three hundred were |
fed at a time and each person was allowed
twelve minutes for his fancheon. To keep
waiters in line from becoming too cold hot
coffee was peruse

co pase the time inside Dr. M. B. Feeney
and Sarerparilla Riley, the latter a pal of
Sinkers, formerly a well known “beef and
man of Park row, made speeches.

Among the notables in the receiving line
were

Paradise Jimmy Oliver, Dr. Darling-
ton, Bird 8S. Coler, Coroners Harburger
and Acritelli, Alderman Max 8. Levine,
ex-Sheriff Louis Leavitt, Christie Sullivan
and Christopher Sullivan of Jersey City.

Little Tim Sullivan acted as master of
ceremonies and Detective Sergeant Sum-
mers of the Central Office as sergeant-at-
arms.

GIVING SCHMITZ EVERY CHANCE.
Judge Dunne Wants No Excuse for San
Francisco's Mayer to Appeal.

San Francisco, Dec. 25.¢There was
much discussion to-day over the probable
attitude of Judge Dunne toward Mayor
Schmitz when the Mayor's case comes up
to-morrow.

Schmitz took occasion on Sunday at the
meeting of the Japanese Exclusion League
to denounce Judge Dunne and declared
that he was “bottled up” by the Citizens’
Alliance and that this was the real reason
why the Judgé refused te grant him an |
immediate trial . |

The truth is that Judge Dunne haseen
very lenient toward Schmitz’s lawyers be- |
cause he didn’t wish to give the Appellate |
Court any chance to give the Mayor a new |
trial because of his rulings. Judge Dunne
his tolerated the insolence of Lawyers Ach
aud Shortridge and he has permitted the
introduction of much irrelevant matter.
hiis friends declare he will continue this
tolerance, as he believes the Mayor's tirade
was delivered merely to anger him

 

 

Maine Trolley Lines Blocked by snow. |

PORTLAND, Me., Deo. 25. Suburban trol- |
ley lines were blocked ‘nearly all day by |
There was a heavy fall in the
mountain districts, but little along the
coast.

For 1907

Y PI.
our Plans |

 

; mander Eva Booth.

| seem

 

are going to choose a piano,

Your. Christmas

aiter the Christmas rush.

Second: Many other people, who did not wish to select in the rush of before-Christmas buying, will be ready
to come in now, and be served in the comfortable and satisfying manner for which the Wane aaker

Piano Store is famous.

Third: There*are those who, now that the demands of others have been satisfied, are released to give a thought
to their own pleasure, and nothing means so much to the lasting enjoyment of the home, as the

bringing in of the Piano.

And so, TODAY there is shown at WANAMAKER’S:

A Magnificent Collection of CHICKERING QUARTER GRAND Pianos

And all other Chickering Grands and Uprights i
| A dozen different models of the Kurtzmann Piano
Six different styles of the Merrill Piano "

A Superb Assemblage of Vose Pianos

/

Seven. different models of the “ Sweet-Voiced ”

Emerson Piano

Half-a-dozen models of the Crown Piano

And the Celebrated KNABE in Twenty-five Different Styles

This wonderful

els at the following prices: $1990,
$210, $250, $265, $275, $285, $350,
$325, $360, $375, S8R0, $390,
$100, $450, $485, $500, FH25,
$550, $575, $600, $650. $750, FSOO,
$850. $925, F950, $1050) and
$1200.

All of these instruments will
sold on easy terms of purchase. A
small cash payment, and monthly
your
If you have an old piano
we Will take it in part payment fora
The purehase will

satisfactory
WaNAMAKER’S and the Wanamaker
guarantee insures permanent satis-
faction with the instrument you buy.

If you have in mind a_ player.
Knabe - Angelus,
greatest of them all, may be secured
this week fora hundred dollars less

JOHN

instalments that meet

venience.

new instrument.
always be made

piano, the

DINNERS FELL T0 THOUSANDS.

 

SALVATION ARMY HEADS THE
LIST OF HOLIDAY GIVERS.

 

 

Haskets With All the Material for a Dianer
Given te $,000—A Tremendous Christ-
mas Tree in the Afternoon— (Class
in Soclology Among the Watchers,

Five thousand mothers and children of
the poor filed through the Grand Central!
Palace for three hours yesterday and each
received the makings of a Salvation Army
Christmas dinner from the hands of Corn-
As the army figtires it,
that meant dinners for 25,000 persons. They
weren't all from the East Side, either
Chance questions found a boy from Hoboken
and a girl from Harlem, and one little chap
who staggered off with his hamper con-
feased to coming from Fishkill, althoug’
he couldn't remember how

In the afternoon 4,000 children and
enough others to fill the Palace came back
for the Christmas tree and entertainment,
the new feature which the Army has sub-
atituted for the great evening dinner of other
vears. It all came out of the magic kettle
at the street corner.

Every basket held a chicken, a loaf of
bread, a can of soup, a pound of tea and
another of sugar, some turnips and carrots,
a box of crackers, some oranges or apples,
a copy of the Christmas War Cry and a card
from Miss Booth. Miss Booth said there
were as Many applicanta for tickets as ever,
and that es few as ever of the prosperity
ripples have seemed to reach the tenements,
“Whatever rise in wages there has been is
taken by higher rents,” she explained.

There were all sorts of demonstrations of

ratitude as the breadlinere reached Miss

th. Catholics made the sign of the
Cros above her head and blesa«d her in the
name of their saints. One old woman with
a crutch had almost reached the door when
ashe remembered and came back. “lam
eighty-one years old,” she said to the Com-
man der, “and I wish you a thousand happy
New Years.” She hobbled away crving

A professor from the theological seminary
at Meadville, Pa., stood near the head of
the line with his class in sociology and
watched the distribution. When Brigadier
Parker, who had charge of it all, was told
that the Meadville school is Unitarian he
said: “I don't care. The Unitarians don’t
agree with our ideas of salvation, but those
boys seemed sincerely interested and that
is all we could ask.

The Christmas tree of the afternoon, so
the army saye, holds the world's record
for height. Anyway, ita tip brushed the
rafters of the Palace and when the colored

| lights were turned on the children shouted

that it was big enough for them.

Col. Gifford of the army ran the enter-
tainment with a megaphone, There were
singing of “America,” which every child
to know clear to “Great God, Our
King,” motion pictures, speaking of pieces
and a dumbbell exhibition by a boy in
white, with spot light accompaniment.

was not at all like the old lady in the shoe,
for she knew only too well what to do with
the means that were given her to make
children happy. “And it's the happy boy
and happy girl that make the happy man
and woman,” she co ncluded

A lot of telegrams from Santa Claus were
read between whiles. Joseph Schilizxzi ot
Cherry Hill, who sat under the gallery,

} was in the middle of a story about Joe the

Toik, who was in jail in Constantinople
fifty-one years because he wouldn't quit
believing Th Jesus and who now plays the
jiano in the new Cherry Hill Mission, when
ote himself came sliding down a chute
Santa and Mias Booth handed out the pres-
ents, which came in different colored pack-
ages for obildren of diflerent ages. Every
boy got a little wagon to cart his stuff away
in and every girl a doll carriage

For the mothers who had babies and
bundles ta carry and far to go there was a

assemblage pre-
sents the best instruments that the
money will buy, at practically any
price for which a worthy piano can
be bought, including various mod-

, Teddy bear, and Mrs. Thaw will

be

con-

at

the

CHRISTMAS IN) THE PRISONS,

Marrs Thaw'’s Wife Not Atowed to See Him
—Giave Her a Toy
Harry K
disappointed man in the Tombs yesterday.
Everything seemed to go wrong with him
In the first place when his wife called she
couldu’t see him There is a rule that
prisoners cannot have visitors on Sundays

Thaw was probably the most

and bolidays, unless a special pass is ob-
tained from the Commissioner of Corree-
thon,
one, so she had to leave
present which she carried in a small box
for ber husband, °

Thaw waited some time for bis wife
and learned that she had calied when he
got the Christimas present. He had one
for her, which was wrapped in a big bundle.
He chased an orderly downstiinms with it,
but Mrs. Thaw had gone. It was a Lig
have to
wait until to-day for it.

The friends of George Burnham, Jr.,
who was counsel and vice-president of the
Mutual Reserve Life Insurance Company,
did not forget him. He was convicted of

Mrs. Thaw hadn't!thought of getting |
the Christmas !

 

Money for a PIANO?

There are several reasons why we have made special preparations in our Piano Store to-day;
First: A great many people, who have been given money to spend as they please, for their own Christmas gifts,
And they will not wish to select from the depleted stocks that are usual

The J. C. Campbell

 

WANAMAKER

Formerly A. T. Stewart & Co., Broadway, Fourth avenue, Eighth to Tenth street.

 

 

greed larceny and sentenced to two years |
'

» Sing Sing
bail until a motion he has made for a cer-
tificate of reasonable doubt has been

ranted, William Rand, Jr., counsel for

urnbam, has made a motion for a certiti-
cate, but Justice O'Gorman has not acted
on it yet,
Arthur J. Mallon, a policeman who was
eonvicted of nansiaughter for killing a
erook two yer.s ago, spent his Christmas
in the Tombs. He has been out on bail

day after the Appellate Division had af-

firmed his conviction. Other prisoners

extradition to Greenwich, Conn., on a
Mrs. De Massey, the woman who shot
Gustave Simon, a Broadway merchant.

There were 482 prisoners in the Tombs.
They all got a special dinner. The prison
ers ate up 500 pounds of chicken, 150 turkeys,
a barrel of apples and 150 mince pies.

Privoners in the Yorkville ; olice court
prison were treated to more than the usual
share of good things yesterday~ that is,
more than prisoners usually receive. Mrs.
Lynch, wife of the prison keeper, bad pre-
pared a small altar and at 6 o’clock the
day’s celebrations were begun by a mass

irty-three prisoners attended.

lected in small groups in the cells and put
away a turkey dinner provided by Keeper
Michael Whalen, ‘The features of the ey
were the presents given by Probation
Officer Anna Doyle in ber province of dis-
trict missionary of the Prison Association,
assisted by Miss lLonie Schebera.
prisoner received a box containing one
pound of candy, a half pound pound cake,
a half pound sponge cake, two oranges,
a quarter of a pound of crackers, a pound
of assorted nuts and a Christmas card.
There are ten women among (he 4 risoners
In each of their boxes was a

| cologne, a breastpin or a fancy lace collar
7 | The men’s boxes contained pir es, tobacco,
Then Miss Booth spoke, saying that she |

man who stood at the door with a long |

leather bag and handed out nickels for
carfare. Bundles of clothing were also
given, on top of the regular presents,

handerchiefs, stick pins or neck scarfs
as extra presents. To avoid disputes
the boxes were drawn by lot

NW1S QUIET IN) WASHINGTON.
President and “Virs. Roosevelt Will Spend
a Vew Days in Their Virginia Hame
WASHINGTON, Dee. 2
general suspension of public business in
Washington to-day in observance of the
Christmas holidays, but the President's
weoretary and several clerks worked at the
White Hous for an hour or two in the
morning. ‘The executive departments were
closed and President Hoorevelt went to

his office for only a few minutes
It wae strictly a family day at the White
House, The President and ali the mem-

There was @

bers of his household, including Represen- .

tative and Mra. Longworth, assembled
in the library after breakfast and the Christ-
mas gifts were exchanged. There wae

all the time, but he was arrested the other |
|

were Mrs. Catherine Neil, who is awaiting |

charge of having killed her husband, and |

by Father Frayer of St. Patrick's Cathedral. |

In the Essex Market court prison religious |
services were beld and then all hands col- |

bottle of |

He cannot be released on |

custom of the Koosevelta they went to from the northwest that suggested iee-
the home of Rear Admiral and Mrs. William | Peres and blizzards. The fresident Bn
+ : ‘turn home unt l after 6 o'clock. ‘he

Sh m not re
neffield Cowles in the afternoon, where Fresideni and hie farnily dined at the usual

the children enjoyed a Christmas tree. fouro?t450'elock in the sta e clining room.
Mrs. Cowles is the President's sister. Mr. and Mrs. Fooseve!: will leave early
Mrs. Roosevelt and her children returned  Thursdey morning for thecr country place
to the White House about 4 o'clock, but the 2 Pine Knot, Va., where they will spend
. several days, returning here in vime for

 

   
    
   
   

 

President went out for a long walk.
weather was the coldest of the winter in 4.)

   

   
 

   
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
     
 
   
    
    
  
    
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
    
    
  
   
     
    
    
     
   
    
     
    
  
     
    
   
    
     
  
    
  
  
    
 
    
    
   
      
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
    
    
  
  
 

3

ro

“ ©.

in Seventeen different

models

than after the first of the vear, when
the price will be advanced by the
manufacturers,

The Emerson-Angelus, at $650, is
another equally profitable invest-
ment, as the price is soon to be ad-
vanced on this wonderful instrument,
It has no equal on the market at
or near its price.

The Autopiano, at $485, pre-
sents the same extraordinary value.
Compared with other instruments
on the market, it should be $100
more,

If you already possess a piano
with which you are entirely satis-
fied, you probably are anxious to
secure a Piano Player. The first
and yvreatest of these is the Angelus.
An instrument without equal in the
possibilities it supplies to the per-
former, with the fine shading of
tempo and expression. Price, $250.

Come and see the instruments
demonstrated in our Piano Store
today.

a Second floor, Wanamaker Building. 4

 

YOUR CALIFORNIA TRIP

Now is the time to plan it.

We invite your inquiries on the subject,
and will give you our full helo in arranging all
preliminaries.

Three fast daily trains Chicago to
California. The Overland Limited (Electric-
Lighted), and the China & Japan Fast Mail
via the Chicago, Union Pacific & North-

Western Line;the Los Angeles Limited
(Electric-Lighted) via the Chicago &
North-Western, Union Pacific &
Sait Lake Route. Our booklets tell all

about them.

All Agents sell tickets via this route
For book of trains and information call on or address H. C. Cheyney,
General Agent, C. & N.-W. Ry., 46: Broadway, New York,

Christmas tree, but according to the iy ashington and there wes a brisk wind

‘the 's Day reeeption at tthe White

Tue New yea

Distinctive
Evening Apparel for Mer

$28.00 to $50.00
$25.90 to $50.00 j

Perhaps you have heard aman try to justify a poor
performaace with the assurance that he did not
have his “hand in'’—that he had not practised
the thing for ever so long.

   

Evening Dress Suits
Tuxedo Suits

        
         
     
 

There is much truth in that. So much that 1 nas led
us to maintain a separate shop in which to tailor our
dress garments, and nothing but them. Our tailormen
always have their “hand in.’ Constant application to
a given thing inclines one toward perfection. . Our
dress garments demonstrate that.

      
         
    

By perfection, we mean the design of the garment,
the tailoring, the character and the dignity which the
function of a dress garment demands.

      
    

Fancy Dress Waistcoats,

Fur-Lined Overcoats,

Prince Albert Coats and Waistcoats,
Trousers for service with them,

wot Sake & Company so

$2.50 to $15.00
$65.00 to $600.00
$20.00 to $45.00
$3.50 to $12.00