SPORTING TALK OF INTEREST.

EXPERTS RIDICULE PROPOSED
JEFFRIES-SQUIRES MILL,

 

 

 

Berman Confident of Beating Gans on New
Year's Day—Ryan Says Hugo] Kelly
Must Fight Himfor Middleweight Tithe

§ —Pennayivania to Meet Western Elevens,

Tf James J. Jeffries is matched to fight Bill
Squires of Australia or any other white man
he will insist upon having four months in
which to fit himself for the mill, Jeff's old
Manager, Hilly Delaney, says the big fellow
has already been our of the ring too long and
that if he really intends to fight again he
should get busy without further delay. Looal
‘sporting men who spent Christmas in the
Warm corridors of Broadway resorts yeater-
day were ridiculing the proposed Jeffriea-
Squires batile they sald that, barring the
wild eyed miners in Nevada, such a mill could
mot draw flies. Vhey declared that the
Australian puvilixst would first have to show
Americans that he could fight by whipping
some of the second raters before he could com-
mand the respect and attention of the public
@8 an opponent of the gisantic boilermaker,
As for Jack Johnson, the oclored heavy weight,
who has been barred by Jefirtes, these sporting
‘elebrities declared with wuch emphasis that
$m turning down the negro Jeffries could not
be fairly charged with cowardice

They stated that Jeff had never shown the
‘white feather with such formidable antagon-
fete as Corbett, Fitzsimmons and Sharkey
@nd that persons who insisted on saying that
Whe champion was afraid of Jobnson could
hardly be considered on the level. Nobody
Diamed Jeff for being willing to tackle any
‘of the second raters who are af present mas-
querading as possible champions, for to beat
one of thei for a $50,000 purse would be like
finding the money on the sidewalk. But
Smany of these good judges of matters pugil-
fatic stated boldly that no matter who hap-
pened to be the next opponent of Jeffries, the
‘fatter would go into the ring at not leas than
6 to 1, with probably greater odds obtainable.

here has been evidence of much hysteria
lately in the faring reports of what Jeffries
might do in the way of Aghting somebody,
but just at present conservative fight fans
ware all from Missouri, as they have yet to be
@onvinced that there is a pugilist In the world
to-day who on past performances and present
form has a ygiiost of a chance to stand before
the bulky (Californian successfully

Of much more interest to local fight fans
fa the Joe Gans Kid Herman mill for the
lightweigh! championship of the world, which

will be decided on New \ ear's Day at Tonopah,

Nev. This contest will be to a finish and
will be refereed by Jack Weleh, a well known
California boxer, who is sald to enjoy an
excellent reputation on the coast While
Gans is a favorite in the betting and should
Swin easily on form, there are many ring
experta who begin to believe that Herman

hae a fighting chance for vietory Herman
himself is the personification of confidence.
The Chicawo boy says that it will be a long
fight, bul thal he believes he will be able to
tire Gans ou! by virtue of youth, strength
and skill Herman declares that Gans has
not wholly recovered from the effects of the
fight with Battling Nelson at Goldfield, and
that the Baltimore man will also find it a most
dificult matter to make 133 pounds ringside
According to tierman, Gans did not begin
training soon enough to get his flesh off and
has been overexerting himself lately to bring
about the desired resulta, If Gans, therefore,
enters the ring in weakened physical condi-
tion, Herman feels confident that by paying
strict attention to the champion's body he
will soon break him down so that he will be
@ comparatively easy mark for blows aimed
at the head and jaw. Herman thinks he can
take a punching from Gans while he is in the
act of delivering stomach blows, and also
insists that he has a right hand uppercut that
may put Joe out of the way almost at any
Moment. But Herman possibly forgets that
Gans is one of the cleverest borers in the
world and that he can also hand a knockout
wallop when he sees the proper opening.
Even so prejudiced a person as Battling Nel-
son admits that (ians is both wonderful and
dangerous, and that unless he has lost his
form and strength entirely he should put it
all over the white boy. Indications point to
@ great crowd at the ringside. Special trains
will be run to Tonopah from all over the State
of Nevada and also from San Francisco
The promoters have completed an arena that
“will seat more than 10,000 persons, and they
ere asking exorbitant prices for tickets in
view of the remarkable demand for them.
A bunch of Chicago sporting men will be on
hand ready to back Herman if they think he
is worthy of support after they have seen
+ Gans get on the scales. Herman, it is already
conceded, will enter the ring in magnificent
trim, and will scale at 13% without trouble
[The Chicago pugilist, next to Gans and Nelson,
the best lightweight in America.

Tommy Ryan now cries from the housetopa
“that he has not retired from the ring and
therefore has pot turned the middleweight
championship over to Hugo Kelly. Ryan
says he has been resting because he had
mobody to fight, but if Kelly wante to placard
himself as champion at 168 pounds Ryan eays
the Chicago middieweight will have to meet
him first for the title. Ryan stipulates that
the will take Kelly on, providing a reputable
beiub will hang up a purse and an honest referee
fe chosen to officiate. All of which would
yeeem to indicate that it is up to Kelly with a
Wengeance.

The million dollar racetrack in New Hamp-
v@hire known as Rockingham Park, where
betting was prohibited last summer and the
Anaugural meeting there under the direction
of the New England Breeders’ Club was a
ailure, is causing more trouble. The con-
tractors who built the stands and track have
pdust attached the property as part of a suit
@gainst the owners to recover $50,000 as bal-
wance due on the contract. Judging from the
@ttitude of the New Hampshire authorities
the track will not be opened again for a long
“time, if ever. The men who sank a fortune
fm the venture from all acoounte had the
@ituation in the Granite State misrepresented
to them, otherwise they would not have in-
Weated a dollar in such a fly by night scheme.
‘The experience of the promoters of the Provi-
dence meeting should have been conclusive
Proof that New England was not a good
field for thoroughbred racing with a betting
adjunct.

The University of Pennsylvania football
eleven will meet two crack Western elevens
mext fall. The Quakers will play a return
game with Michigan at Ann Arbor on Novem-
ber 9 and will then meet the famous Chicago
University team at Philadelphia on Novem-
ber 16. Pennsylvania will play Cornell on
Franklin Field as usua! on Thanksgiving Day,
which means that the Quakers will have three
Strenuous contests to play right off the reel.
The games with the two Western elevens
will probably excite unusual interest

Edward Hart, Exeter’s crack football
Player, shotputter and all around athlete,
has decided to enter Princeton. He is said
to be one of the greatest athletes ever turned
out at Exeter, having put the shot more than
forty-three feet and having played a remark-
able game as halfback on the eleven. Hart
tried to enter Pennsylvania last fall, but failed
to pase the entrance examinations

“I never crow,” said Pitcher Earl Moore
of the Cleveland the other day, “as baseball
fe too uncertain an occupation. One day
you pitch your arm off you have control
end apeec.and yet you lose. Another day
you just lob the ball over the plate, giving
Dumerous bases on balls, and then get away
with victory. A pitcher under these circum-
Stances has no reason to become chesty
The same thing applies to ball players in
general. Stars come and go and are for-
oo. To-day you are at the top of the

p and the fans declare you are the only
bell player that ever lived. To-morrow some

man may be filing your shoes, and if he
makes good you are quickly lost sight of.
Gear players have (heir part in the game and
their army of friends while they last, but after
all it’s the old game (hat people go out to nee,
and & winning team, no matter who the mem-
bers of it may be, gains the loyal suppors

pase favs.”

 

    
   
  
  
 
 

oe

SOCCERITES SHIVERING STRIFE.
Sailors of Steamship Philadelphia Play Tie

 

With Brookiyns,

Frigid weather and high wind did not
interfere with the game of Association foot-
ball between the eleven of the steamship
Philadelphia, recognized aa the etar team
of the ocean, and the Brooklyn Football
Club, at the Marquette baseball grounds,
Tenth street and Second avenue, Brooklyn,
yesterday afternoon. A following of nearly
a hundred tars accompanied the players from
the big liner and odds of 2 to 1 were offered
by the enthusiastic sailors. While the visit-
ing team showed superior tactics to those of
the home contingent, especially in forward
combination play, of whichthey were masters,
the Brooklynus held them to a tie score, thanks
mainly to the fact that a penalty kick in
the latter part of the second half enabled
them to even up matters

With the wind behind them in the first half,
the Brooklyne did not benefit by their ad-
vantage and allowed their opponeutsa the
one earned goal of the match. It was the
result of a puzzling shot by German at out-
side left from an accurate pass by Richards,
the centre forward, which went whizzing a
foot inside the goal post for the firat tally

ofthe game. The half ended 1 to 0 in favor
of the steamship Philadeiphia. After the
restart, the Brooklyns were constantly on
the defensive, and as their kicks repeatedly
carried the ball back of the line, they were
called to clear many corner kicks, This the
home team accomplished successfully, mak-
ing occasional spurts up the fleld. Juring
one of these sorties Tyler, the Philadelphia
lett back, brought his art into contact with
the ball right in front of his own goal, the
consequence being a penalty kick, Suther-
land succeeded in prepesng the sphere past
the Philadelphia goalkeeper, thereby tieing
the score at one goal apiece.

The play was fast and furious
eud, but there was no further scoring.

until the
Pike,

  
 
  

 

Burroughs, Fagan and Gerinan were the star
playere of the sailors. The two Brooklyn
yacks, Milne and Kinnard, and Watts, at
center half, were the mainstay of the home
team. The lineup

Brooklyn. Positions. 3.8. Patladelphia,
TIOCMOY . 00s ceccoeseg. ORR creeeeeees Reynolds
DEUIND 05+ c0scec000s Right back... ...... Pike
Kinnard..... cose MOTE WACK... rer ccecers Tyler
QOWORS. .. 0000008 Right halfback........... Saunders
Watts . Centre halfback........ Burroughs
Degrouchy Left baifback.... . Smith
Danlelsen........ Outside eee . . Annat
Brown.............ineide right... Fagan
Sules ‘“ Centre forward. Richards
Sutherland... inside left :
Grugeon Outside left -

Referee -H. Owen, brooklyn F. C

D. MeAusiin, Brooklyn, and S. Atkins, 8. S. Phila-
deiphia. Goals—German, S.S. Philadelphia; Suther-
land, Brooklyn. Time of halves- 30 minutes.
Harrison Oval, the home of the West Hudson
Football Club af Newark, Was the scene of a
fine encounter between the triple champions
of New Jersey and the Camerons of New
York city, champion team of the New York
State Amateur Association Football League
The Jerseyvmen proved the victora by 2 goals
tot, the winners tallying both goals when the
wind favored them in the first period of play.
lhe spectators were treated to a fine display
vf football, despitea high wind. Thelineup
Camerons. Posttions West liudsons

en See Goal Kenworthy
Gutlirte. .....6-00s- Right back........ Rockey
Saunders,........ Left Dack ... 6.60.5. Kettles
J, CABPRO. .. cece Right halfback ...., +». Christe
Shaw Centre halfback ....... Ferguson
Ewen Left halfback,.......... Hackett
Isaacs Outside right..........,.Lawsen
Pearson Inside right Knowles
Cameron Oentre forward ........Gorman
Hogan Inside left.............Lemnox
Goodman Outside left... 6... eeeeee Miller

Referee—-A, H. Dale, New York State League.
Linesmen--A. Lane, Camerons, and J. Hanlan,
West Hudsons. Goais- Lawson, Gorman, West
Hudsons; Hogan, Camerons. Time of bhaives-36
minutes,

PHILADELPHIA, Dec, 25.--The Albion soccer
team of this city to-day defeated the Trine
Blues of Paterson by u score of 1 goal tov
to-day.

Twenty-third Street Team Wins Rough
Game In Newport.

Newport, R. 1., Dec, 25.—The basketball
team of the Newport Naval Reserves was
defeated here to-night by the Twenty-third
Street team of New York by a score of 19 to
16. The game was rough and fast through-
out, but frequent fouling caused it to be
uninteresting. Harvey and Koche were the
stars for the local team, while Wendelken,
Eberline and hane did effectual playing for
the visitors.

Jack Cates Through Coaching to the Navy's
Regret.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Dec. 25.—John M. Cates,

who coached the Naval Academy football

team so successfully last season and played

on the Yale eleven the season previous, is to
wo into business. Everybody atthe academy
was anxious for him to return nett season,
but he bas decided to do no more voaching
He is now visiting in Annapolis

Ricoro
(Porto Rican)
Cigars

Our price of 3 cigars
for 20 cents is selling all

the RICORO  Saratogas

we can import.

 

 

 

If the RICOROS

came from Cuba instead
of Porto Rico you would

pay $11.00 per 100 in-
stead of $6.66.

UNITED
CIGAR STORES
COMPANY

 

  
   

 

FARMER TELLS OF DAY'S WORK
OF HIS RUNABOUT.

 

Agent for a French Machine Thereupen
Abandons Argument Concerning Reia-
tve Merits of Forcign and American
Cars—Motorists Indorse Police Activity,

Any one who thinks the farmers of this
country are not keeDing posted on the auto-
mobile situation ts badly mistaken, says ao
exchange. Kecently the agent of a famous
but very expensive Frenchmachine, in touring
through a small city in @ farming district,
got into a discussion as to the relative merits
of the different makes of automobiles with
some of the wealthy farmers of the vicinity
who happened to be in town that day. The
beauty and comfort of the French car were
conceded and the band polished engine ex-
cited interest, but the farmers declared it
would not do for them.

“You see,” said one of them, “we want a
Practical machine Now, when I etart out I
can't tell what will happen before | return.
I've got to have a machine that will stand
anything, and then some. The other day I
started out with my Olds runabout, and hadn't
gone far before I found a threshing outfit
stalled at the foot of a hill, So I tied a rope
to my rear axle and helped tug them up to
the top. Then when I got a few miles over
in the bill country the water ran out, and
none being in sight, I milked a stray cow so
as to get enough in the tank to run me to the
next farmhouse. When I got there the far-
mer's engine was out of order, so we blocked
up one wheel of the runabout, put a belt on
and rap his corn cutter for a couple of hours.
Then it rained, and on my way over to Mud
Take the machine got mired, but I dug it out
with a shovel | always carry. When I got to
Maple Grove the gasolene waa out, so | bad
to buy some bootjack whiskey and put it in
the fuel tank to gettothe next town. I made
the run back in pouring rain, aad over near
Bud Miller's the machine was so covered
with mud that it looked like a big ball of clay.

“The going wasn't pleasant, and as 1 now
had atank full of gasolene, | ran a horse-
power saw mill for five hours, as Bud’s horses
were sick, One of my tires gave out on my
way home, an old one, so I had to use a tire

made of rope fitted in the wheel groove and
bound on. It worked fairly good except
when the knot struck the roadbed, but IL
got home all right in time to let the boys
take the machine to go alter the cows. They
upset it in the creek, so I had to jleave it in
the water all nigbt, but | poled it out in the
morning aud ran it home under its own
power

By the time the farmer had finished his
narrative the owner of the French machine
had completely lost his enthusiasm for con-
verting the farmers toits use. “lt'sa wonder
you don't want ap auto with a sheep shearing
attachment, a hose for spraying fruit trees
and @ suction pump to be used as an auto-
matic cow milker,” he muttered. “Why not
fill your tires with hickory nuts so as to crack
them as the car runs, and raise a crop of
spinach on the rear seat’” and with a dis-
gusted air he puffed his big touring car out
of town

Members of the Automobile Club of Mary-

land have decided to cooperate with the
police of Baltimore in discourawing reckless
driving by indifferent operators. Marshal

Farnen bus begun the crusade against heed-
less drivers of cars by distributing copies of
the State laws regulating motor cars and
their operators to each member of the police
department, with instructions to carry ont
the law to the letter. In consequence of
this action on the part of Marshal, which
has been indorsed by the club members, a
number of arrests have been made and fines
resulted. One of the park policemen has
been furnished with a motorcycle with which
to chase violators of the automobile regula-
tions

Estimates of the amount of capital invested
in the automobile industry in Great Britain
piace the amount above $55,398,000 and the
total output of vehicles of all kinds by British
manufacturers for the current year will be
about 18,000, with an approximate value of
$21,899,250. The British makers are begin-
ning to inake progress in their foreign trade,
the exports for the first ten months of this
year having heen $2,996,138, while the ex
ports for the same period of 1905 amounted
to $1,750,221

One who has had experience with most
all the different ignition devices on the market
advises automobile users to keep their fingers
from the spark plugs or other terminals of
the high tension ont of the ignition system

while the engine Is running. While the
shock produced by the —- induction
coil used for ignition purposes [s absolutely

harmless, the suddenness and severity of the
Jolt are sufficient to unnerve some people
totally for several minutes, and the interim
between the time of finding out that the in-
nocept looking brass nut was “alive” and a
return to a normal condition of feeling is
only less uncomfortable than the shock itself

After considerable earnest discussion the
Chauffeurs Club of Hartford has been or-

ganized by the drivers of Connecticut's
capital city. They evidently take their
occupation very much in earnest and have

issued aw@circular in Which attention is called
to the fact that the cooperative movement
has been very success/ul among automobile
manufacturers, suggesting that the chauffeurs
could do no better than to follow the lead

of the makers the cireular is in part as
follows:

“The automobile industry itself, that
brought into existence the necessity for the

profession of expert motor drivers, ia yet
quite young, although its present magnitude
makes it a thing that must be reckoned with
in the commercial world, It would seem
from a superficial viewpoint that the interesta
of every Manufacturer of automobiles would
be diametrically opposed to that of every
other manufacturer of automobiles, because
he is in direct competition in the sale of his
cars. But the brains controlling the millions
of dollars invested in this industry conceived
the different and very correct idea that by
close association and exchange of views the
industry asa whole would be better benefited
and improved, and they were shrewd enough
to see that this must necessarily benefit each
individual Manufacturer, provided, of course,
that the work he was furning out was meri-
torious.

“The same rule applied in a smaller way
would also be good for the men who are
driving their own cars. The competition
feature with us was, of course, not an im-
portant factor, and the hetter element among
chauffeurs could see and feel that there were
many abuses that could be eliminated,
many wrongs that could be righted, and
many things that could be done to improve
the personne! of the chauffeur, and thereby
improve his standing in the community and
the eateem in which he was held by society
as a whole

“This was ‘a consummation devoutly wished’
by the more intelligent among ws, so the
question of organizing for the common good
began to take shape, and after a little intelli-
gent work and discussion out of chaos sprang
the Chauffeurs Clib of Hartford. We are
endeavoring to raise the standard of our
Profession, and every applicant for member-
ship must undergo a thorough examination.
Morally he must be up to our high standard
Aa to his ability to operate and care fora car,
each applicant must etand an examination
as rigid as the civil service examination.”

 

Luck Enables Dr. Leggo to Win.

San Franciaco, Dec, 25.~After a spec-
tacular race, Dr. Leggo beat Proper in the
Christmas Handicap, at one and a quarter
miles, at Emeryville to-day. The track was
fetlock deep in soft mud, while the day was
cloudy, yet 0,000 persons attended the racee
Borghesi, top weight, ruled a alight favorite
over Proper. and Dr. Leggo waa a heavily
backed third choice. Ramus and Corrigan
acted as Pacemakers, while Borghesi brought
up the rear and was apparently unable to
negotiate the going. Rounding the far turn,
Corrigan carried Kamus wide, which enabled

Dr. Leggo, who had been effectually blocked,
to get through on the rail. This bit of racing

luck won the race for Dr. Leggo. Proper,
compenee to make a wide turn, finished
resolutely and was beaten only a head.
Ramus was third, four lengthe o Proper

was the best under the Prevailing conditions.
This is the fourth consecutive time that L,
Williams, the discharged jockey of Jennings,
has won a head or nose Anish over his former
employer.

 

Skating.

Morris Wood captured the honore in doth
the half mile and one mile events in the race
meet at the Saratoga Rink, Broadway and
Halsey street, yesterday afternoon. The
sulinmaries

One Mile Novice -Won by George Christianson,
Hoboken Skating Club; Heary Anthony, Hoboken
Skating Club, second J. Frwing, Mohawk A. C.,

aire, Time, 3 minutes 435 onde
aif Mile; Scratch. -Won by Morris Wood, Sara-
toga Skating Club, Phji Kearney, New York A. ,

second, E. Allen Taylor, Saratoga Skating Ciub,
third; N.T. Sutphen ratoga Skating Club, fourth
Time, § minure ois erggade. | nin
andicap--Won y 7

$ i Sutpher, a 5S. " 7

» ee

    

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS.

 

 
 
   
 
  
 
     
   
  
 
 
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
  
    

   

 

TRAP SHOOTING.

Fine Day's Sport at the Crescent A.
. New York A, C.

Trap shooters of the Crescent Athletic
Club spent a merry Christmas at Bay Ridge
yesterday by popping away at little clay
pigeons. The conditions that marked the
shoot were exceedingiy dificult. A strong
northwest gale blew in from the bay and
tossed the blue rocks in every possible direc-
tion. As @ result the scores were not high.
The only perfect string was returned by
Frank B. Stephenson, who broke fifteen
runving in one of the trophy shoots.

It was typical Crescent weather and more
than a dozen gunners gathered at the traps
in the morning and shot until it was dark.
Eleven events were decided, the most im-
portant being the Christmas oup at twenty-
five targeta and a team race between two
squads of seven guns each

Twelve guna shot for the Christmas cup.
The winner was G. Brower, who with a handi-
cap of & returned a score of 23, The team
race ended in a tie. Each squad broke in
the aggregate 62 targets. It was decided
that the captains should shoot it off at fifteen
targets each. W.C. Damron won by break-
ing 10 against A. KE. Hendrickson's 6.

Several of the club trophy shoots ended ino
ties. In the first event of the day L. C. Hop-
kins, F. B. Stephenson, W. C. Damron and G,
Brower all tiet with 12 targets each. L. C.
Hopkins won the shoot off. With a handicap
of 2, the gunner broke 15 clay pigeons.

F. B, Stephenson was in another tie. This
time, however, E. W. Snyder was his op-
ponent. On the original shoot both “killed”

fifteen birds. Stephenson won the shoot off.
He missed only one of the blue rocks, while
Snyder hit only six of the fiving targets.
Another tie was between W. ©. Damron
and H. P. Marshall. The two each broke
thirteen targets in the original shoot. Dam-
ron broke twelve in the shoot off, which was
three more than Marshall hit.
The other trophy shoots were weil dis-
tributed. L. C. Hopkins won two and W. Cc.
Damron, W. W. Marshall, F. C. Raynor and
G. W. Brower ‘all took home prizes. The
scores:
TROPHY SHOOT--FIFTREN TARGETS.
Hdcp. Tot.|
F. B. Stephenson.. 12,R. FE. Fos.. oe 11
L,, C. Hopkins... .2 12K. C, Brower......2
W. C. Damron .. 2 123. P. Faircbtld..... 2 6
G. Brower 3 12
BHOOT OFF--BAME CONDITIONS,

 

 

  

L.. C. Hopkins... .2 15,G. Brower........ 2
F. B. Stephenson.o 12; W. C. Damron : 8
TROPHYSHOOT—FIFTBEN TARORTS,

L. C. Hopkins. . 2 15'G. Brower 3 10
F.B. Stephenson.0 12 W. C. Damron....2 8

G. W. Brower.....3 12 J. P. Fairchtid..,. .2
R. E. Fos... * 1
TROPHY SHOOT--FIFTEEN TARGETS.
W. C. Damron .. 2 14\R. B. Fos.........-4 iM
G. W.. Brower.....3 11,E. C. Brower 2 10
A. EB. Hendrickson2 11 F. B. Stephenson., .0 iy
J. P. Faireniid. ..2 lL. C. Hopkins.....2
CHRISTMAS CUP —-TWENTY-FIVE TARORTS.
G. Brower 5 23. J. H. Ernst. 5 *
F. ©, Raynor 4 22 A. E. Hendrickson 4 19
R. FE. Fox 7 22 FE. C. Brower » 19
F. B. Stephenson.0 =21/L. C. Hopkins.... 3% 18
W. C, Damron .. 4 21.J. P. Fairehild,... 4 17
A. P. Marshail....3 2u|/ FE. W. Snyder......4 16
TROPHY SHOOT - FIFTEEN TARGETS.
lL, C, Hopkins 3 14, F. B. Stephenson 06 il
W.'C. Damron 1 13.3. H, Ernst 8 eI
H. P. Marshall t 13 FE. W. Snyder 2 .
F.C, Brower 3 13 A. E. Hendrickson 2 4
F. C. Raynor 3 12
TROPHY SHOOT—FIFTEEN TARORTS.
F. B, Stephenson 0 15 G. Brower 3 iM
ik. W. Snyder 2 16 J, BP. Fairchild 2 iM
lL. C., Hopkins. 2 14K. C, Brower 2 0
W. ©. Damron 1 19 A. F. Hendrickson 2 7
SHOOTOPF—8AME CONDITIONS.
FB. Stephenson. 0 14 &. W. Snyder 2 4
TROPHY SHOOT —FIFTEREN TARORTS.
W. W. Marshall.. 3 14. FE. W. Snyder 2 i
br. B, Stephenson..v 189 H. P. Marshail.... | 1
A. EF. Hendrickson2 12 G. Brower 5 iw
A. EK. Brower.....2 12 L. C. Hopkins 2 ”
W. C. Damron 1 11 J. P. Patrehiid 2 8
TROPHY BHOOT—-FLFTERKN TARGETS.
Fr. Cc, Raynor 3 15H. P. Marshall.....1 13
A.E Hendrickson 2 14 W. W. Marshaill,...2 10
W. Cc, Damron, 1 4 F.. C. Hopkins 2 Ww
G. W. Brower.,...3 i134. P. Fairehtid 2 lv
BK, W. Snyder 2 13 i. B. Stephenson. 0 12
TROPHY BROOT- FIFTERN TARGETS
G. W. Brower 8 14 E. W. Snyder 2 lo
I B. Stephenson..0 12.3. P. Fatrehbild,.,. 2 Ww
W. Cc. Damron,..1 12 F. C. Raynor 2 ¥
H. P. Marshall..,.t 11 W. W. Marshall 2 5
L. ©. Hopkins 2 lw A. E. Mendrickson.2 8
TEAM MATCH--FIPTEREN TARGETS.
A. FE. Hendrickson., 9 W.C. Damron el
I, BK. Stephenson.. 11 L. C. Hopkins... *
H. P. Marshall it J. H. Ernst e
kK. W. Snyder . 4B. C. Brower a
Pr. C. Raynor see & G,. Brower il
W. W. Marshall.... 4 J. P. Fairchild... ~
P. Jack. . 10:'R. E. Fos... : $
Totals... 62 Totals 62
GHOOTOFF —FIFTHEN TARGETS
W. C. Damron 0 A. FE. Hendrickson ”
TROPHY SHOOT--FIPTREN TARGETS
WwW. Cc. Damron...t 13.J. H. Frnst 8 i2
HP. Marshall 1 13 F. ©. Raynor 2 ~
A.¥F, Hendrickson2 12, W. W. Marshall.,..2 3
1.. C. Hopkins 1 2
SHOOT OFF--8AME CONDITIONS,
W. Cc. Damron. 1 12.H. P. Marsnali,.,..1 ”
fhe New York A. C. shooters hada big day
at Travers Island yesterday, nine events

being disposed of in all. The weather was
cold, but otherwise everything Waa Perfect
The big event of the day was the December
cup, 050 target handicap. With a handicap
of 14 Kuchler made a full score Burns was
on scratch with Grieff, Billings and Well-
brock The tirst named carne out with the
best actual work, hia total being 4¢. It wae
Kuchler’s third leg for the prize, and with only
another shoot on the schedule, it looks as ir
it would easily fall to him thie month. Kuchler
was to the front again for the Holiday cup and
came out ahead with a@ total of 49, although
his handicap was shortened two targets

The acratch shoot for ihe Duffers cup,
which was presepted by R. KR. Dugro, created
plenty of fun. It was a 25 target affair, and
only men who were entitled to a handicap of
7 were allowed to enter. Debacher won it by
two targets from Adolf
shot in the race and auit with the lowest
acore, his tally being a dozen. Forthe Grief
cup Billings showed to have hia proper range,
and from scratch he made 24 ont of the 25
After a tie with Grieff, Hibbard and Dugro
Billings secured the special cup in the shoot-
off rieff showed up splendidly for trophy
No. 2, with a full score of 25. Dugro, Vilmar
and Held earned brackets in the other events
‘The scores

DECEMBER CUP—FIFTY TARGETS

Dugro himeelf

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Hdcp. Tot Name Hdcep. Tot.
Kuchler..........14 © Vilmar......... s ay
Held coveovee @ 48 Adolf........... 14 “
oY ee GB! BiG... cvoes 12 39
Debacher........14 46 Dugro cooees t® aN
ee 0 45 Welibrock........ 0 os]
Billings. . 0 44 Hibbard rie 44

CHRISTMAS CUP— FIFTY TARGETS
Kuchler... voll 49 Dugro 43
Heid ouedeones 4s Grieff ve 42
Debacher...... la 46, Hibbard... .. a
Biblings.....6..... 0 45 Adolph 43
i)” ee 45 King.. ee “
Wellbrock.,.. 0 43 Burns..... 0 ow

DUFPERS' CUP--TWENTY FIVE TARGETS
Debacher aon 17' King re 13
Adolf 0 15; Dugro.. . pig 12

ORIRFF CUP —TWENTY-FIVE TARGETS
Billings........... 0 24 Debacher joan 20
Grieff.......4. eee. O 22) Wellbrock, 0 rt)
DUGIO....-ccecere 7 22 Adolf. 7 lv

SPECIAL CUP—TWENTY FIVE TARORTS
BUllings...0.0..-.. 0 23 King . 7 21
Grieff.....ccocecse © Bi BUPNB.......55....0 21
Hibbard......+... 2 23, Held.. 2 21
Dugro voceces 7 23; Debaoher......... 7 2
Wellbrock,....... 0 22 Adolf... oveveees F 1
Vilmar,. 4 22

SHOOTOPP ~B8AME CONDITIONS,

Billings...... 0 2) Hibbard a? 23
Grieff.... . 0 24 Dugro 0 23

TROPHY SHOOT—TWENTY FIVE TARGETS
Dugro...... 8 23 Hibbard 8 22
Held speveres & 25, Burns. seed 0 22
Hillings........... 24 Debacher : & »
Grieff oes 1 24 Wellbrock...... 0 7
Vilmar.. oe 24

SHOOTOPF—B8AME CONDITIONS,

Held 3 25| Dugro ‘ 4s 23
TROPHY GHOOT—TWENTY-PIVE TARGETH
Griefl............. 0 2%! Debacher.........8, 22
Vilmar....... cee. & 26) Wellbrock.........0° 2
Billings... o 24 Held one 2 281

Dugro........ 4 23
TROPHY SHOOT—TWENTY-FIVE TARGETS
Hela eveeeee 2 25, Debacher 8 2
24, Vilmar. ovee @ 23

eves @ 28) Wellbrock 0 21

Dugro............ 8 23

TROPHY SHOOT--TWENTY-FIVE TARGETS,
Vilmar... 5 25/Billings............0 23
Heid 1 24, Grief... ovcvere @ 32
nee or 000re 8 28 Wellorock 0 21
Debacher 8 23

 

Brown-Cornel i-Pennsyivania Chess Tourney.

The eighth annual chess tournament
among two students from Brown, Cor-
nell and the University of Pennsylvania will]
be begun this morning in the residence of
Prof. Isaac L. Rice of this city. Pennayl-
vania won the contest last year and the year
before, while Cornell has one lege on the
trophy. ne Rievers who will take part. this

ear are Sweet and ©. R. MeCoy
Brown; R.T, Black and V. J. Guenther, Cor_
nell, and W Hughes and H. B. Smith,

Pennsylvania. Following ia the achedule

Wednesday Sith, Pennsylvania, vs. Black,
Cornell: Hughes, Pennsyivania, ve Sweet, Brown
Guenther, Cornell, va, MeCoy, Brown

Thursday a eee Pennsylvania, va. Guenther,
Cornell; Sweet, Brown, vs. Smith, Pennsyivania:
Meer. Brown, vs. Black. Cornel!

F ~ Black, Cornell, vs. Hughes, Pennsyivania
Sweet, Brown, vs. Guenther, Cornell, Smith, Pean

      

evivania, ve. MeCoy, Brown,
Saturday Cornell, vs. Sweet, Brown,
Brown vs bes, 5

   
   

  
  

    

 

 

   

MILITARY EXPERTS BEGIN THEIR
ANNUAL TOURNEY.

   

 

Edward Grosvenor and William B. Cre-
gin, Jr., Defeat Their Opponents in
Singles—Latter Also Scores a Victory
in Handicap Contest on Armory Coarts.

Military tennis experts contested in some
exciting matches on the indoor courts of the
Seventh Regiment armory yesterday in the
opening rounds of their annual championship
tournament. The entry list provided an
array of the foremost of the indoor players,
the championship and handicap singles each
containing sixteen men, while the champion-
ship doubles included eight pairs. Two of
the matches for the title in the singles brought
through as winners Edward Grosvenor, the
Washington expert, who represented Com-
pany K, and William B. Cragin, Jr., repre-
senting Company I. Both of these wielders
of the racquet put a dash and vigor into their
play which was productive of a succession of
splendid rallies. As the draw stands they
are expected to come through to the semi-
finals in the upper and lower sections re-
spectively, although Grosvenor will meet his
rival of last year, Robert T. Bryan, to whom
he lost, and who succeeded in winning the
champlonship.

Grosvenor in his first match faced Harold
Moore, representing Company D, an old
collegiate player. The latter knew the battle-
ground of the fast board courte quite as well
as did his antagonist. Moore endeavored to
make his winning aces at the net, and from
his first service he displayed alacrity in fol-
lowing the bal! so as to force the rapid fire ex-
changes at close range. At this style of play
he outgeneralied the Washington expert, who
after finding himself hard pressed for the
pointe retired to the base line of his court, and
by combined lobbing and driving succeeded
in manwuvring Moore out of position and
then shooting the ball past him for the point
by a clean pass. Grosvenor's forehand and
backhand drives were placed accurately and
cleverly, 60 that he was enabled to win in
straight set seta by 6—3 and 6-1.

In the lower section William B. Cragin, Jr.,
displayed steadiness and send against C. 8S.
Rathbun of Company which threatened
to overwhelm the latter attimes. The deadly
sureness with which Cragin commanded every
portion of his adversary’s court kept Rathbun
on the defensive. Cragin won by scores of
6-0 and 6--3.

Rathbun, handicapped at plus half 15, was
more successful in the singles, in which odds
were given againet L. H. Fitch, one of the
scrato prayers. He made better use of his
tactics at the net, as the short lobs of Fitch
made it Possible for him to come uP and
smash with sotteg effect, so that he won at
6—8 and 6—4. Morris 8S. Clark, the holder
of the doubles championship with Robert T.
Bryan, also distinguished himself by a two
set victory from the expert George rice.
The winner, gave long odds in this match.
His mark was minus half 30, while his
opponent wae Plus 15. But at the critical
periods of the games Clark seldom missed
winning the deciding ace by a brilliant pass-
ing shot and he won, 6-1 and 64

The remaining competitions of the first and
second rounds of the championship singles
Will be held over until Saturday, when the
experta will hold the courte in morning and
afternoon sessions. The doubles will also
be Put under Way at that time, and instead
of ending the tournament on New Year's day,
as Was the Programme, the finals will not be
played until the following Saturday. The
summary

Regimental Championship Singles. First round —
Fdward Grosvenor, Company , defeated Haroid
Moore, Company D, 6-3, 6-1: Morris S. Clark,
Company G, defeated Arthur Clark, Company G, by
default; Wiillam BK, Cragin, Jr., Company 1, de
feated C. S, Kathbun, Company D, 6—0, 6-3; King
Sinith, Company K, defeated W. M. Halil, Company
C, by default

Handicap Singles First round— William B. Cragin,
Jr., minus hal? 30, defeated King Smith, scratch,
#3, 6 4: Harold Moore, scratch, defeated W. M.
Hali, minus half 15, by default; Morris S. Clark,
minus half 90, defeated George Price, plus 15,
6-1, 6-4; C. S. Rathbun, plus half 15, defeated
L, H, Fiteh, serateh, 6 3, 64.

GARNER'S RIDING A HELP.

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

Allowmaise First in Christmas
Handicap at New Orleans.

Nkrw ORLEANS, Dec, 25.—One of the largeat
crowds that ever turned out to witness a
day's racing attended the Fair Grounds
thia afternoon. The weather was ideal.
The Christmas Handicap was the principal
event. Fifteen startedin the stake, Bester-
ling, Don't Ask Me and Hannibal Bey were
added starters Allowmaise, C. E, Rowe's
two-year-old colt, proved an easy Winner.

The Burlew & O'Neil entry, Gild and
Judge Post, Were the betting choices at 7 to 2
When the bugle sounded. Garner Was secured
by Rowe to ride Allowmaise, and the lad
road a grand race. His alertness at the
post Was ina Way responsible for Allowmaise's
victory. Garner rushed the Rowe colt away
from the barriers and immediately cut out @
winning lead Going down the backstretoh
Allowmaive had a length and a half the best
of it, and he Won by that margin

Rather Roval, backed from 7to 2 to 11 to 5,
easily proved the beet of the small fleld which
sturted in the selling affair at one mile.
Devout Was the choice, but his race waa
almost a disgrace, At no stage of the race
did be aPpear to have any speed, aud he
finighed outside the first three. Rather
Royal raced to the front and re as he Pleased
from Harmakis and Pride of Woodstock

First Race—Six Furlongs Pouag. 102 (J. Hen
nessey), 10 to 1, won; Tsara, 108 (Ff. Burton),7 tol,
second, Fancy Dress, 113 (Garner), 9 to i, third,
Time, 1:144-5. Clifton Boy, Gay Adelaide, Cannon
Kall, Tom Mankins, Atias, Ticbimingo, Red Ruby
and Madonie also ran

Second Race~— Five anda balf furlongs. —Colloquy,
% (Garner), 0 to 10, won; Tudor, 04 (Englander) ,7 wo
1, second: Fantastic, 106 (J. Hennessey) 5 to 5, third,
‘ime, 1:06 3-5. Voting, Elfall, Annie Donohue,
Henry Bosworth and Adela K. algo ran.

Taitrd Race--Seven turlongs.--Lady Esther, 9
(Garner), 8 to 5, Won; Juggler, 105 (J. Hennessey, ,
even, second; Orbicular, 108 (Heigerson), 9 to 2,

Howe's

third. Time, 1:25 45.’ Phil Finch and Daring
also ran
Fourth Race-One and one sixteenth miles,—

Allowmaise, 90 (Garner), 7 to 1, won; St. Valentine,
114 (Mountain), 4 to 1, second; Gild, 107 (Nicol),
7 w 2, third, ime, 1:47 145: Harry Scott, Kittle
Platt, Hannibal Bey, Judge Post, Orly Il., Peter
Sterling, Envoy, Kemp Ridgeley, Jack Dolan, Old
Stone, Hesterling and Don't Ask Me also ran.

Fifth Race—One infle.—Rather Royal, 0 (J. Hen-
nessey), 11 to 5, won, Marmakts, 03 (Garner), 9 to 2,
second: Pride of Woodstock, 56 (Trueman), 18 to 1;
third. Time, 190 3-5. Devout, Mart Gentry,
Antinony and BOlifneh also ran

Siazth Race—One and three-siateenth miles,—
Col, Bartlett, 107 (Mountain), 5 to 1, won; Plavign
108 (A, Martin), 7 to 5, second; Huntington, 1
(Trueman), 20 w 1, third, Time, 2:01 2-5. Jungle
Imp, Dr. McClure, Monte Glisten, Sealplock, Gladl-
ator, Varuna and J, P, Mayberry also ran.

 

New Orleans Entries for To-day.
First Race.-Five and a balf furlongs; selling:

  

 
 
   
   
  

 

 

Finery 83, Sharonowana... ws
Anna Ruskin 100 Buren Arnold........ 100
Kegal Lad 106, Toy Boy........+0+:. a)
Odd Trick 108 Declaw. coccccere OP
Baneful 101'|John Kaufman........ 106
Spider Web 06 Addie Hawkins........ te
Dorte 103 Coltners. crcvcces, 108
Viek Shanley BB IDs 505s screnecenss 100

Second Hace.- Selling; six furlongs
Alsono 114 | Halbert 113
Consideration 108 | Rusk... oversowes + 107
Hazll . 106, King Wilda............108
Matador 112) Martius
Ancestor.......+ 108 Alencon
Brilliant 108 Gay Adelaide
Invasion 106 Dapple Gold
Woodsaw 108

Third Race.—One mile and 70 yards:
Pig How 107| Debar.... errr
Saul 107| Holloway... ...s........104
Nutwood 101 |\Caronal. os 110
Del phie 107

fourth Race. Five and one-half furlongs; hana.
ca °
T Ms. Zero 95 Lady Henrietta... 101
Meadow breeze SER TEDL o> \ cesecenes 112
De Oro 95 Voting. teens 90
Rebo 105 Bitter Miss.......
Str Toddington 100

Fifth Race.—Purse,; six furlongs:

 

Mistam C ‘ 102 Morales... ......40++..108
Schroeder's Mid..... 106 Pane Bart.....,.0....108
Clara Deming 103 Miss Nothing..........102
Str Toddington 115|Sicamouee..........,..102
Gold Circle 102|The Scout..............102
Royal Bond .106'Sea Water... 103

Sisth Race.—One mile; sellin
Ruby Star 103 | Benev: t.
Lady Charade 08, Hy Watterson...
Lena J 98 Red Coat..........

uinn Brady 111 Gold Coin....

itter Brown 101 Bitter Hand
Abe Meyer 101 Ladsarion, .
Wooltessa 8 Hamilcar
Merrick 104

_—,
Golf,

At Garden City links yesterday there were
forty or fifty players out and the feature
was the annual Christmaa day match hetween
Walter |. Travis and Arden M. Robhina |
Neither would state the odda on which they

played, nor the result. They had turkey
together at luncheon

jood times and the rafling of turkeys
for the caddie boys made up the card at

meet
{theclubs. Th ta

bows’ at the Dyker: Meado ow foie be n
wen ; r a. -b Be Holland, .

   
 

   

   

   
  
  
  
   
    
   
    
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
  

    
  

 

Qualifying Round.

Interscholastic
“Substitute GOLF”
~ TOURNAMENT

Begins Today

LL YOUNG MEN who are students in ANY Preparatory School ANY-
WHERE, or in the Greater New York City HIGH SCHOOLS are ELI-
GIBLE to compete for the MAGNIFICENT PRIZES now on display

in the Broadway windows of the Wanamaker Store.

ENTRY can be made when you come to-day or to-morrow to play the

No Fees of any sort required.

DO NOT BRING YOUR CLUBS—they are not used in Substitute Golf,

and all implements of the game will be supplied by the committee.

TAKE ELEVATORS just inside the BROADWAY Doors of the WANA-

MAKER BUILDING, Broadway and Ninth street, to the SIXTH Floor, where
thie special “Substitute GOLF” Course has been laid out for the school boys.

PRACTICE ROUNDS can be played by anyone, at any time, but giving

precedence, of course, to Tournament players.

     

  

You simply declare

yourself to the Committee before starting on your Qualifying round. Putting
on “Substitute GOLF” greens does not disqualify a player.

Qualifying Round may be played at ANY TIME between 10 and 4 o'clock
today or tomorrow. but we request as many as possible to play today, to
facilitate the work of the Committee in preparing for Match Play Friday.

Here is the opinion of the Metropolitan Champion—the foremost golfer
in America today, in regard to “Substitute GOLF”:

“I think ‘Substitute GOLF’ is a very interesting game,
and I have enjoyed playing it immensely.

 

It is simple, |

yet it gives a thorough and comprehensive understanding

of the game itself.

 

JOHN WANA

I think it a great success.”

JEROME D. TRAVERS.

MAKER

Formerly A. T. Stewart & Co.,
Broadway, Fourth Avenue, Eighth to Tenth Street.

CORNELL'S NEW FIELD.

What Has Been Done and What Is to Be
Done in Buliding It.

There has been sent out to Cornell alumni a
statement of the present status of Alumni
Field, which is in process of construction at
Ithaca. “Of the area set aside for playground
purposes by the trustees, a portion about
447 feet by 800 feet, comprising about seven
and a half acres, about equivalent
whole of Percy Field, has been graded to a
level surface and furnished with necessary
drainage,” says the statement.

“In executing this work approximately
45,000 cubic yards of earth and hardpan have
been moved at a cost of $12,608.24 for grading,
and $2,524.37 for engineering services, drain-
age pipes, manholes and gutters, top dressing,
fertilizing, seeding and incidentals; making
a total expended on the playground, as com-
pleted and delivered to the board of trustees,
of $15,192.61, Although this amount is $5,152.61
in excess of the maximum amount agreed
upon with the trustees, the committee in
charge of this work has deemed it essential
to fully carry out the spirit of the agreement
entered into, namely, the grading of a play-
ground of which all Cornell men will be
proud.”

Keferring to the varsity fleld the report
says: “By the end of the present year an
area about 739 feet, average width, by 1,566
feet in length, comprising over twenty-three
acres, or about three times the area of Percy
Field, will have been rough graded ready for
finished grading and seeding, which latter will
probably be deferred until spring, after the
made ground has had time to thoroughly
settle. In executing this work about 70,000
oubio yards of earth will have been moved,
at a cost for grading, drainage, engineering,
top dressing, fertilizing, seeding aud inci-
dentals, now estimated not to exceed $25,000
The actual coat of this work to August |, 1908,
has been approximately $17,000

“Due to the fact that in the grading of this
larger area the cuts have not been so heavy,
nor the material encountered so difficult as
was the case in the playground, it bas been
possible, as will be seen by the above figures,
to reduce the unit cost of this latter work.
After the grading of the above area has beén
completed there will still remain ungraded,
for general athietio purposes, an urea 740 feet
by 824 feet, comprising over twelve and a
half acres. The total area available for gen-

 

eral varsity athletics, in addition to the play- | }

ground and Kite Hill, will amount to thirty-
five and three-fourths acres, or about four
times the area of the present Percy Field ”

Under the head of “Present and Proposed”
is the following: “Having provided, through
the playground deliverel (to the trustees,
facilities for the general s‘udent body more
comprehensive than those enjoved vy any
other Americab university, it ia now essential
to care for the varsity athietic intercets. The
alumni fleld committees have, therefore, for
the past two years, in conjunction with
Johan V. Van Velt, ex-dean of the Voliege of
Arohitecture of the university, given that
portion of the field set aside for general varsity
athletic purposes the most careful study and
consideration. in this work the views and
suggestions of the various athletic authorities
connected with the university have been fully
obtained in order to develop plans which will
subsequently meet the needa of each sport

“Varsity football, baseball and track flelds
have been provided, together with ample
fleide for practice and class teams. ‘This
includes ‘a football stadium, with winter
running track, baseball grand stand, and a
training house containing team rooms,
lockers, dressing rooms, showers, &c¢. Event-
ually it may be desirable to provide a club-
house for housing all of the athletic interests
of the university, where would be centred the
executive officers of the university athletic
association, headquartera for all athletic
committees, trophy room, training tables
for the various teams, and generally the
rendezvous and headquarters for all alumni
and undergraduates interested in athletics.”

e statement continues

“Ultimate development—In addition to
approximately $40,000, which will be ex-
pended for the grading and finishing of
twenty-three acres of varsity flelds in addition
to the seven and one-half acres of playground
already completed, there will be required
ultimately to properly equip the varsity
fields, and to develop the whole alumni fiek
approximately the following expenditures

 

 

Stadium and winter running track - $80,000
Training houre.. ; ‘ 75.000
Baseball stands Soxesencenenanase 10,000
Supplementary stands......,........ 5.000
Roads and paths. oe 10,000
Walls and fenoes ° 5.000
Planting trees. shrubs, &c. 5.000
Drainage and grading rr 5,000
Entrances, steps, &c................ 25,000
Club house eeoeccoreceeres 100,000
Miscellaneous 30,000

Total $350,000

“Immediate Development. —The committee
of course, appreciate the impossibility of
achieving the above result wholly in the
immediate future. It is, however, necessary
for our proper athletic development that a
fleld for varsity games be at once provided
This should include the stadium and winter
running track and the training house, or at
least go much of each of these as are necces-
oory for the present needa

“It may be that as the working plans are
developed, it will be found that only a portion
of the stadium and training house are now
needed: both of these could, of course, be
built with a ch rf or lesa permanent con-
struction than that estimated on, although
thie is most undesirable. Decreased cost of
construction means increased annual coat

of maintenance, and the securing of funde
to meet the ourrent expenses ia about the

only weak spot in Cornell athletics
alumni field committees, therefore,
determined to make every effort to raise a

The

sufficient amount of méney to properly equip
For thia

at least one varsity fleld at once

there will be required, in their judgement.

the sum of $150,000 in addition to the funda

already provided.”

Haseball Notes.

Jack Dunn speaks glowingly of the abiiirs
Storkes, the Amherst third baseman
Pittsburg from Providence
resembies Devitn and Bradley

secured

Jersey City to Philadelphia
man

: a ve nee 0s
jones VY plays
Tom with St. Louis

a rva

   
 
  

 
 

have

hd
by
Tn style and bulld he
' Another collegian
to seep an eye on is Grant, whom Billy Murray
takes fro: \ Grant ts

au” ales
or
Chartey with

to the |

    

AUTOMOBILES.

° ° , ,
B’way Auto Exch’ge B’ld’gs!
247-240 West 47th & 1780-1782 Broadway,
Largest concern in America for good, rellable

Automobiles.
Every known RELIAGLE make; 1906-1908 Models,

Locomobiles, Ralniers, Bulcke, Peerless, Reae,
Franklins, Vords, Autocars, Acmes, Oldsmobtles,
Clevelands, Panhards, Renaults, Charron Girardot-
Voigt, Popes, Waverieys, Northerns, Maxwells
and other makes

100 UNUSUAL
Demonstrations Given

Every one EXCEPTIONALLY low and tn SPLEN-
DID ORDER When you buy, buy good and at
right prices,

opportunities: all models

 

 

New York's Pioneer Automobile Establishment,
Autos at Rock-Bottom

150 SLIGHTLY used HIGH-CLASS Autos
sent here for sale at GREATLY REDUCED prices
await your inspection Touring Cars $275 to $2,500;
Runabouts, from $125. Satisfactory DEMON-
STRATIONS
Willis's Automobile Fxuchange. 231 West 54th,

Near Broaaway

 

° ,¢c
Automobile Owners’ Supply Depot
Where supplies are retailed at wholesale prices
A visit will convince all and save you HUNDREDS
of DOLLARS on your @urchases
1655 Broadway, between Sist and 52d Sts

quemnniinees ealanats punntnndsniememdenmnnoanp
°
limes Square Automobile Co.
Largest Automobile lealers in the World
Automobiles Kought sold and Pachanged
216 W. 48th (near ii'way) Phone 3423 Hryant.

 

orig nal autograph letters of

WANTED famous persons. Highest

orces pald VALTER hh

BENJAMIN, One West 4th St., New York Cit
Letters sold. Seu’ for price lists.

HORSES AND CARRIAGES,

GRAND CLEARING SALE OF HORSE BLANKETS
Stable Blankets, 75 cents. Square Blankets, |
Truck Blankets, §ib., 2.00;81b., 3.00; 10 1b., Leathe
for Hames, 3.75. Fawn or Biue Troek Blankcrs,
2.75 and up. Fancy Wool Carriage Blankets, 3.50
Oll Storm Covers, 2.00
PETERS HARNESS & SADDLERY CO

ss West Broadway. near Chambers st., up stairs,

   

 

 

VACHTS AT THE RIVIERA.

 

Vanderbilt, Pulitzer, Singer and Bennett
Beats in the Mediterranean,

The season on the Kiviera wl! open soon,
and several steam yachts owned by Ameri-
cans will be there. Commodore Cornelis
Vanderbilt will join his steamer, North star,
which is now on the other side, next month,
and make a Mediterranean cruise, returning
1ereearly inthespring. Theseason promises
lo be very successful

Joseph Pulitzer has taken the Villa Cynthia
at Cap Martin for the season, and he is e,-
pect to arrive shortly on board the steam
vacht Honor, which he has chartered trom

ron de Forest Mortimer Fk Singer's
Maund is on her way to Nice. Last year
Mr. Singer resided at the Winter Palace,
Cimiez, where he probably will be again this
seuson for @ atay Kugene Higgins'’s Varuna

is now at Nice. ‘The barl of Lonadale's
Norseman already is in the Mediterranean
and J. Gordon Kennett's Lysistrata is o

Italy, and will be anchored at Villefranche
by the end of the month Lord Howard de
Walden’s Branwen is expected at the Riviera
shortly

Seawanhaka Corinthian Nominations

he aunual meeting of the Seawanhaka
‘ ‘thian Yacht Club will be held on ‘Tues
day, January 8, and, on invitation of Ren
Commodore Frank S. Hastings, it will be held
at his residence, 15 West Fiftieth street
The trustees have made nominations for
Positions for the year 1907 as follows
Commodore —E, C. Henedict, steamer Oneida
Vice-Commodore—Winsiow S. Pierce, sican
Gundreda

Kear Commodore
Pegiey

Trustees (Class of 1010)--Charles A, Shr
John VD. Barrett, Howard C, Smith
Secretary--Samuel R. Outerbridge
‘Treasurer- Frederic P. Moore
Measurer—C©, Sherman Hoyt

Race Committee—Victor I. Cumnock, Irving Coa,
9 Sherman Hoyt, John H. Dennis, James \. Bialr,
r

Law Committee-—Wililam A. W. Stewart, William
G. Low, Jr., Johnston de Forest

Committee on Lines and Modelsa—John Hyslop
St. Johan Smith, Montgomery H. Clark

Country House Committee --Charles A. Sherman,
Beverley KR. Robinson, Rear Commodore F. 5

  

er
Frank S. Hastings, ketca

rman,

Nastings, Arthur HM. Hagermeyer and Alien F
Whitman
An amendment to the by-laws will be

offered which, if adopted, will enable a inem-
ber in Class B, on attaining the age of 30 vears,
to become a member in Claas A
initiation fee of $50

y paying an

 

 
   
 
      
   
     
     
 
     
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
        
     
 
      
   
  
   
  
  
   
    

  
  
 
 
   
 

   
  
  
   
  
  
    
 
 

A comely fold collar for over-
Coatish weather. Corners a bit
rounded,

"Twill fit your neck as though
it were « part of the shirt. “Twill
fit your fancy as well, for it's
Linen, and your pocket book, for
it costs no more than a collar
made of unsubstantial cotton.

If your dealer won't supply
our “H, & I. Warranted Linen
Collars, we will.

2 for 2c. varter elses,
Booklet,'Linen Facts’ {ree tor postal

Maney, Toor. NV"

 
   
   
  
  

   
   
     
    
   
     

  
   

  

  
     

 

      
  
     
        
      
      
     
    
 
   
       
       
         
   
       
       
   
       
     
   
       
       
        

    

     
       
     
     
       
       
         
         
         
   
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

ee srr eerie erseeeesowrn