THE WAGE INCREA SBS OF 1906,

 

4 HUNDRED MILLIONS BY THE.

RAILROADS ALONE.

The Great Industrial Corporations Add
as Much or More—Many Christmas
Honuses—Several Savings Banks Add
1-2 Per Cent, to the Interest Rate.

4 glance at the financial records in the
daily bewspapers for the last two months

hes pretty good evidence that yester-
was a good Christmas for the average
\{merican workingman.

There has in the last quarter of a year
heen added to the wages of railroad em-
ployees alone about $100,000,000. Nearly
all the roads in the East have announced
increases of from § to 10 per cent. in the
wages of most of their employees, and
many of the lines in the West and South
have followed suit,

The industrial corporations have kept
pace with the increases made by the car-
riers, the advances in the steel and textile
industries being especially noticeable, The
wages paid by the textile mills in Rhode
Isand and Massachusetts, for instance,
are the highest ever paid in the industry,
and at the same time the statements of the
companies show the largest distribution of
dividends in recent years. The United
States census for 1900 estimates the amount
paid out in wages by manufacturers in
that year at $2,330,923,615. A 10 per cent.
increase in wages on a basis of figures comi-
piled six or seven years ago would bring
the arnount into the hundreds of millions,

One of the most important increases made
in the last few weeks was that of the Penn-
sy!vania Railroad, The officials of that road
gave all of the employees on the system
eastand west of Pittsburg who were receiv-
jig less than $200 a month a raise of 10 per
cent. This affeets 185,000 men and invoives
the annual outlay of $12,000,000. The same
class of employees got an advance of 10
per cent. in 1902, which makes an increase
of 20 per cent. in four years. Besides this
the company made a readjustment of sal-
aries which affected 1,058 men and involved
the expenditure of an additional $30,733
a rnonth, or $368,796 a year.

lhe New York Central, the Delaware
Lackawanna and Western, the Long Island
and most of the other big Eastern roads
followed the example of the Pennsylvania.

The United States Steel Corporation an+
nounced as its Christmas gift to employees
an increase of 10 cents a day to all common
laborers at the plants of the subsidiary
companies. About 70,000 men are classed
as general laborers in the corporation’s
employ. This increase came to the men
unsolcited, and iron and steel men under-
stood that it was a substantial recognition
by the board of directors of the loyalty of
the men through a year in which every de-
partment of the industry has been run at
the maximum and under conditions that
have taxed the powers of all hands from
top to hottom. In the depression of the
iron and steel trade in 1903 the corporation
did not make any considerable reduction in
wages

Besides voting the increase, the directors
of the United States Steel Corporation have
mace their usual offer to employees of allow-
ing them to subscribe for the preferred
stock of the corporation below the market
quotation, This year the subscription price
has been set at 103. Last year it was at
par, and 12,256 employees took 24,000 shares.

Among the oth*r steel corporations
which have done ag the United States has
done is the Illinow Steel Company. The
raise there affected 13,000 men and amounted
to $500,000 a year.

The Standard Oil Company is another of
the big corporations which has made a gen-
eral increase without being asked for it.
From 5 to 10 per cent. has been added to
the wages of all men employed in the re-
fineries of the branch companies. About
35,000 men have heen affected by the in-
crease. The highest percentage of increase
in the case of the Standard Oil Company
goes to the lowest paid employees, the per-
centage decreasing in proportion to the
person's salary.

The Consolidated Gas Company has
added 10 per cent. to the pay of all its em-
ployees who are drawing less than $2,000
ayear. This affects 6,500 of the 8,000 men
on the company’s payroll. The increase
will add $500,000 a year to the fixed charges
of the company.

Two big express companies, the Adams
and the American, have made increases
affecting a large percentage of their em-
ployees,

Many banks and trust companies have
admitted their employees into an in
share of the general prosperity. Most of
these increases never come to the know e
of the public, but they are made just the
same. The Brownsville branch ‘of the
State Bank in Brooklyn voted to its officers
and employees who had seen ten. years
service a gratuity of 20 per cent. of their
annual salaries and to those who had seen
less than ten years service gratuities rang-
ing in amount from 10 to 15 per cent. e
directors of the Union Bank in Brooklyn
gave their employees a dinner. At each
man's plate was a fine new pocketbook
with two weeks salary in it. August Bel-
mont & Co. and many other downtown
firms will give bonuses to their employees
before the new year begins.

Among the employees of the Remington
typewriter works at Ilion more than
$13,000 in gold was distributed the other
day as bonuses. About two hundred and
®-venty employees received money, averag-
ing some $50 each.

While the railroads and big corporations
lave been announcing inoreases, savings
banks have been offering added induce-
ments for caposits by raising the interest
rate from 344 to .4 per cent. Among the
New York banks that have done this are the
Bowery Savings Bank, the Dry Dock
Savings Bank, the Metropolitan Savings
Bank, the veme, Sevings Pank and the
German Savings Bank.

PLAN NEW ELECTION LAW.
Missourt Democrats Want to Eliminate

All Illiterate Voters.

Sr. Loris, Dec. 25.—Former Governor
Lon V. Stephens, ex-Supreme Judge Will-
lams of Boonville and other well known
Democratic leaders are preparing to sub-
mit to the coming Missouri General As-
fembly a new election law designed to
eliminate the illiterate voter.

It is proposed to repeal the present Aus-
tralian ballot law in its entirety and enact

instead a statute requiring that the names
of all candidates of all parties shall appear

on the ballot; that the voter shall be able
to read and write and prove his educational
Qualifications whenever required by any
of the judges of election. Under no cir-

cumstances shall the voter receive advice,
information or instruction from an officer
of elect ion.

Such a law, Republicans say, would
Clearly be aimed at the negro voter, who
would be disqualified in Democratic coun-
ties whenever it pleased the Democrats to
heject his vote.

Gov. Stephéns estimates there are 50,000
voters in Missouri who are unable to read
and write. A majority of these, he ac-
knowledges, are negroes, “but,” he added,
the illiterate white as well as the black
would feel in the same degree the effect of
the new Jaw.”

MYSTERIOUSLY SHOT.

Henning Vound Himself a Target for a Man
Who Sprang From a Doorway.
While David Henning, a cooper, 23 years
old, of 40 Kent avenue, Williamsburg, was
Seing along Wythe avenue near North

 

Third street on his way home early yester-
day inorning a man jumped out from a
doorway and without uttering a word

4n to shoot at him, The first bullet
struck Henning in his left th and the
- 8 his left leg. Two other shots

mt wil

As Her ning fell his assailant ran away,
folnk along North Third street toward
— River The injured wae re

He Was unable to

  
  

ee

; 4 rr LL See

The Hotel
PAT TERSON

59 West 46th St.,

through to SR
58 West 47th St. '

    
   
   
   
 
 
   
    
 
 

With its new addition,
just finished, appeals to
those in quest of service,
appointments and envi-
ronments of the highest
order.

 

 

NO CHANCE FOR AN OLD THIEF.

SO SAYS A SOBBING MAN IN THE
POLICE COURT.

 

Michael J. Ferguson, Arrested as a Vagrant,
Protests That He Is Living an Honest
Life—Says It's Hard to Get Work
Magistrate Crane Lets Him Go.

Magistrate Crane, sitting in the Tombs
police court; yesterday said that not in all
his years of experience as a Magistrate
had he seen such a disreputable looking
lot of prisoners as the two score.of men and
women, charged for the most part with
drunkenness and fighting; who were pa-
raded before him. Three quarters of the
motley group could have posed for vic-
tims of an explosion or other accident.
They had blackened eyes, swollen and cut
faces, and their clothing was tattered and
smeared from contact with the pavements
and gutters from which they had been
picked up.

The majority were discharged, but a few
of the worst cases were held over.

“I'll hold them off the streets for Christ-
mas,” said the Magistrate. “They'll get
a good dinner in the Tombs, anyhow.”

As the Magistrate finished with the last
man in line Detective Sergeant M. J. Galvin
of the Central Office came upstairs with a
good looking man over 50. He was well
clothed, his face ruddy and clear, his hair
gray, turning white. Helooked like a pros-
perous business man.

“He’s only a pickpocket ; a common thief;
nothing in the story,” Galvin said to the
reporters. He told the same thing to the
Magistrate a moment later when he ar-
raigned his prisoner.

“He may be a common thief,” said the
Magistrate after he had heard the prisoner,
Michael J. Ferguson, 53 years old, an ex-
convict, tell his story, “but he’s not a com-
mon man. I believe what he says.”

“Your Honor,” said Ferguson. “I have
done nothing wrong. I’m nota vagrant. I
always have money to pay my way, although
God knows it’s hard enough to get it. I've
been out of State prison now a little over
three years and they've brought me in
here time and time again. Yet they can’t
get anything on me.”

“I got him in the company of two thieves
on she Chatham Square elevated station.
He hangs around a place in Mott street, a
resort for thieves,” explained Galvin.

“As God is my judge, ry Honor,” said
Ferguson, “I was not with the men he says
are thieves. I was alone on m
town to see my sister and her ch:
true that the place whereI work is a saloon
and that thieves hang around there, But
what else can I do? Who'll give me, an old
thief, work? It’s only in a place like that
they'll have me around. If you can give
me work or get it for me, God knows I'll take
it, I am an old man. I lived wrong, but
why can’t they let me alone? They want to
make mea real vagrant or worse.

“Sergeant, I don’t know of a better day
on which to be merciful,” said the Magie-
trate. “That man has done wrong. His
gray hairs tell of his atonement. There are
men on the police force who have done
wrong. I ess I've done some myself.
Ferguson, I'll discharge you. Try once
more.

Ferguson by this time was sobbing, and
his tears were real.

way up
ren, It's

 

COL. PEPPER'S BODY SENT HOME.

Widow Goes With It Despite the Fact That
She Was Ill on Monday.

The body of Col. James E. Pepper, who
died on Monday afternoon at the Waldorf-
Astoria, was shipped yesterday on the 4:55
P. M. train to Lexington, Ky., on the Cheaa-
peake and Ohio Railroad. Mrs. Pepper
accompanied it.

Coroner Harburger was surprised when
he learned that Mrs. Pepper had been able
to undertake the trip. Owing to a defect
in the death certificate the Coroner had
been notified by the Board of Health to
ascertain the causes of the Colonel's death.
He held informa! proceedings on Monday
afternoon in the apartments of Col. Pep-
per in the hotel, and took the testimony
of Dr. Richard Gibbons, the Colonel's physi-
cian, and of others in the hotel.

Dr. Gibbons said that Mrs. Pepper was
in danger of a total collapse if questioned
by the Coroner. .

“Mrs. Pepper,” he said, “is quite sick,
probably with bronchial posunse. Her
temperature was at 9:15 last night 101 2-5.

6 is now comewses the influence

ine atropine.”
“en onda: “the Coroner ordered the body
removed to Plowright’s a rooms,
et Fourth avenue and Twenty-sixth street,
and pesos eX, anion. the Coroner's
sician, to an au s a
Hoye eo odae night,” Dr. O Hanes
gave as his opinion that death was due to
embolism, following a fracture of the neck

action in the case would be p formal.
Affidavits will be taken from the p jans
attending Col. Pepper, from Dr. O"Hanlon
and others connected with the case.

 

CITY'S BEST WITNESS DEAD.

 

Lunatic’s Bullet Kills Man by Whem Phila-
deiphia Heped to Win Big Suit.

PuHILapeLruta; Dec. 26.—After lying
unconscious for weeks, Frederick J. Schaff-
hauser, the most important witness for
the prosecution in the $5,000,000 filtration
suit of the ‘city o Philadelphia
Contractor James P. MoNichol, Israel
W. Durham and others, died to-night in
a hospital from wounds inflicted by a crazy
man.

Mr. Schaffhauser was known as the “eat
it up witness,” because in his preliminary
depositions he had sworn that former
Chief of the Bureau of Filtration John W.
Hill had told him to eat up an

balance of $25,000 on one of McNichol’s con-
tracts. It was mainly upon his testimony
that the city expected to win its suit.

Mr. Schafihauser died from a bullet wound
in the brain, which was inflicted on Novem-
ber 0 by Frederick Hornberger, one of his
fellow wupevess in the bureau of water,
in which rtment Schaffhauser had the
office of t eer.

Hornberger shot Schaffhauser in one of
the corridors of the city hall. Them
charged his with ruining his wife
= wrecking = Pm, but subsequent

vestigation haffhauser
of this end showed that Hornberger

had Che come accuaptiote a eecese
and that he was insane, He is now in the
Philadelphia Insane Hospital.

~ baie", i bs ve:

   
    
    
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   

atten SUN, WEPNESVAYT, DECEMBER <6. 1906.

‘

Stern Brothers James McCreery & Co.

 

 

 

 

m es 23rd Street. 34th Street.
Dressmaking and In Both Stores,
Exhibition of Silks. ae"
Ladies’ Tailoring Departments Showing the new Spring weaves”
For a Limited Period Orders ay ; i Pores: << ‘
Will Be Accepted at re Colored and Washable
Special Concessions from Regular Prices, "Many name oe and colors.
Tailored Walking Gowns, of choice materials, $52.00
fm cruikD FL008) James McCreery & Co,
Pa 23rd Street. 34th Street.—
Trimmed Millinery
Clearing Sale of Winter Models
_? in Carriage, Evening and Street Hats, ’ 4
J At Greatly Reduced Prices. James McCreery & Co,
quae wben aes 23rd Street. 34th Street.
™ eens maenees TRIMMED HATS. In Both Stores, 4

West Twenty-third Street On Wednesday and Thursday

December the 26th and 27th.

Advance models of Spring Millinery
will be on exhibition; and a variety of
Hats suitable for California and the South.

I

 

+

 

wy

James McCreery&Co

23rd Street. 34th Street.

Lord & Taylor

Opening of
Colored €3 WhiteWash Fabrics,

. “w» Spring Season, 1907.

 

James MeCreery & Ce,

DRESSMAKING DEPARTMENT. 34th Street Store.
Commencing on January the 2nd

Orders will be executed at large con-
cessions from usual prices.

Tailored Suits. .65.00; 75.00 and 80.00

Models exhibited from which these
orders may be taken.

Imported Gowns considerably below
former prices,

 

Wednesday the 26th December
we will show for the coming season one
of the most comprehensive lines of fine
wash fabrics we have ever displayed.
- le

Broadway and 2oth St.; 5th Ave.; roth St

 

 

CROSSED IN LOVE.

Lived Alone and Shot Himself on Christmas
Morning.

Frederick Obauer, a pocketbook maker,
51 years old, who occupied two rooms, one
a workshop, in an old two story frame
house at 384 Keap street, Williamsburg,
committed suicide early yesterday morn-
ing by stabbing himself eleven times in the
region of the heart and once in the abdo-
men. He was a bachelor and from what
he told friends he was disappointed in a
love affair in Germany many years ago.
When he came to America about thirty years
ago he settled in that part of Williamsburg
where he ended his life.

For a long time he lived like a recluse,
never associating with anybody and simply |
carrying on work at his trade in a small
shop. Lately he had suffered greatly from
rheumatism and somebody prescribed a
quack medicine. It seemed to make him
worse and he became despondent. On
Christmas eve he went among the few
friends he had left and bade them good-by.
He told them he felt as if he would never
live to ce te Christmas.

It was late on Monday night when he |
was heard to enter his abode. Shortly after |
4 o'clock yesterday morning other inmates
of the house heard groans and traced them
to Obauer’s rooms. They found him lyin
across his . He was conscious an
feebly begged to be allowed to die. He
was taken to the Eastern District Hos pital,
where he died.

 

Thirty-fourth Street. iG

  

James McCreery & Co,

   

onGt¥PECO, SURUNR,
CLUETT, PEABODY & CO.
Makero of C Monarch

fuett and

   

EMBROIDERIES. /a Both Stores.
On Wednesday, December the 26th; ie

Sale of White Embroideries and
Embroidered Batiste and Linen Robes.

Croup Kettle

Constructed according to directions
of an eminent physician

    

23rd Street. 34th Street.

 
 

Made ang for sale by

lewis & QonceR,

130 amd 132 West 42d Street, and
135 West Forty-frst St., New York.

   

   

 
  

| them at the pier and took them to the ma-
| rine barracks.

mayer Charles G. Long, whoffwas in com-
mand, will report to the marine com-

 

B. Altman & Cn.

Marines Back From Panama.
FIFTH AVENUE, THIRTY-FOURTH AND THIRTY.FIFTH STREETS

At the Panama steamship pier yesterday | mandant; Capt. C. B. Taylor will go to the
afternoon the steamship Colon from Colon | barracks at Norfolk, Vacat the expiration
landed a battalion of marines that had been | of a ten days leave of absence First Lieut.
on duty at Camp Elliott in the Canal Zone, | F. D. Kilgore will be assigned to the League

Island Navy Yard, Second Lieut. J. A.
There were four officers and 155 men glad Russell will go to the barracks at Wash-

to get back to the States. sa ington and Second Lieut. Emile P. Moses
A tug from the navy yard was awaiting | will go to the barracks at Boston.

 

Commencing this day (Wednesday), December 26th,
will hold a sale of WHITE SILKS,
comprising over 20,000 yards at

58c., 65c., 78c., $1.00 and $1.28 per yard
| The regular prices of which are 75c. to $2.25

 

 

 

 

mo

 

        
   
 
  
 
 
   
     
   

 
  
  

  
 

 

(oomlngadale.
LEXINGTON ro 5 Mate

Wednesday, Dec. 26th,
The Day After Xmas!

Price Reductions
Unprecedented On

Furs, Women’s Suits and Coats
and Men’s and Boys’ Clothing,
AND

A Reduction of 25 Per Cent

| Ona Books in tine bindings. On Fine Umbrellas $5 and up.

 

@ STORE WILL BE CLOSED DAILY AT SIX 'P. M.

 

GREAT BARGAINS
Are the Overcoat ends we miake to measure at $25.
Satin lined, prices were $30 to $60.
eee worsted Suitings, $25, reduced from $30
and $40.
| Silk lined Full Dress Suits to measure $40, Tuxedos
$35. We use imported Drape worsted and Peter Pan
silk facing. Better style cannot be had at any price.
|
|

 

DELIVERY ASSURED FOR NEW YEAR.

ARNHEIM,

Broadway @ Ninth Street.

REAL | ESTATE—QUEENS§BOROUGH.
FOR SALE.

REAL ESTATE—QUEENS BOROUGH.
AAR

 

 

ee

 

 

 

9 MINUTES WITHOUT CHANGE OF CARS.

THROUGH THE eumoyT TUNNEL > iT APRIL TO BEAUTIFUL
NEW YORK

ELMHURST HEIGHTS, “cw

Nothing like Fimhuret Heights for solid comfort. All improvements made, Wide boule-
. parted in center with shrubs and flowers, Gas, electric light, &q,

Bay your lote TO-DAY and DOUGLE YOUR MONEY IN APRIL.

WITHIN 2 YEARS 300°, PROFIT IS GUARANTEED

sone AGeSTabadE riick Ske Seto aay
COME, oBAYI| 3s, Coagtial iT cata Bint!
Send postal for handsome colored maps, views and free transportation...
AY.

ae7 peg

  
  
    
  

On Gold Watches $20 and up. On Fine Razor Sets up from $8,
On Sterling Siiverware up On Imported Clocks and
from $1. Candelabra up from $10.
On Selid Gold and Diamond On Imported Musical instru- |
}

 

Jewelry up from $10. ments up from $3.
Oa Fine Bronzes and ivories. On Shell Goods at $4 and ap.
| On Imported Leather Goods. On Fine Art Embroideries.

Bloomingdales’ !¢% {°,54,Ave.

a:". > ote

 

BANKERS LAND CORPORATION

   
 

 

 

vt Bore

 

 

 

 

 

   

 
     

Investor

would buy a Guaranteed Mort-
gage without knowing the total

amount of mortgages guaranteed
by_ the company.

The LAWYERS MORT.
GAGE COMPANY is the only
company in New York which
makes public this information.

Capital and Surplus $4,000,000
Outstanding Guaranieed$57, 000,000

59 Liberty Street.

4x 20-Year
Mortgage-Bonds

Secured by First Mortgages on
New York City Real Estate,
deposited with the Guaranty
Trust Co., Trustee.

iseued and for sale by

The Mortgage-Bond Co. of W. Y.
Capital & Surplus, $2,400,008

59 Liberty St.

4. ROMAINE BROWN. A. P, W. KINNAN
ESTABLISHED IN 1856,

J. ROMAINE BROWN & CO.

Brok: Agents, A isers.
NO. 3 Weer 35RD STREET,
NORTHEAST CORNER BROADWAY. /
Telephone No. 5472-—S8th.

Washington Heights Property a Spectalty.

Geo. R. Read & Co,

REAL ESTATE

“Head Office: 60 Liberty St., near B'way.
Branch: 3 East 35th St.

    
   

 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  

 

 

 

THOS. M. HENNEBERRY

‘ou want to buy, seil, mortgage or

exo Borough of Manhattan Real
Estate, and desire the services of a pro-
gressive oMce, communicate with me.

 

MORTGAGE LOANS,
WM. WINANS MOORE & CO., 42 B'WAY.
TELEPHONE 6465 BROAD.

 

BRYAN L. KENNELLY,
REAL ESTATE, 7 PINE ST.

FROM BATTERY TO 14TH ST., INCLU
SIVE, ve

on 2.2?  nnneen

460 Washington st., four story house........ $11,000

Broome st., near Mulberry, 25x106........ 892,000
CYRILLE CARREAU, 796 6th av. (45th st.)

BOROUGH OF BRONX.

 

SOME MORE SEMI-DETACHED
TWO FAMILY BRICK

JOHNSON HOUSES

Located on Whitlock av., at Hunt's Point
road, three blocks from Simpson st, subway
he houses con-

station (restricted location).
taig 15 rooms, two baths, three toilets; built,

decorated and trimmed under supefVision of
the firm which is the pioneer in the erection
of two family brick houses in the Bronx, hav-
ing erected and sold almost as many of this
class of houses as all other builders combined,
Representative on the property dally and
Sunday.
GEORGE F. JOHNSON’S SONS’ CO.,
1,044 WESTCHESTER AV.
Office at Prospect av. station of subway,

et
BOROUGH OF BROOKLYN.

LPL PPPOE i ln raring

 

FOR SALE
BEAUTIFUL one family cottage, nearing com-
pletion, in restricted section; a!) the best Improve-
ments; steam heat, fine plumbing; on plot 402x100;
al) hard wood trim throughout and in an elegant
location, East 4th st., near Avenue N, Brooklyn.

 

HOUSE, frame; 8 rooms and bath, for sale; on
Tilling st., around the corner from Chauncey street
L station; a bargain: casy terms if desired. Apply
FISCHER, 1730 Broadway. Brooklyn,

 

FOR SALE--3-story frame house and 4 lots on
Fanchon place, between Bushwick av. and hrs
jand Boulevard; price $¢.000. Inquire ROBERT
FORST, 1059-61 V'illoughby av., Brooklyn,

TWO four-story,
price $49,000; rentals $5,712, guaranteed,
781 Manhattan av., Brookiyn.

double steam heated flate;
PALMER,

   

 

REAL ESTATE-—FOR SALE.

RAARARRAR ARAL S

FOR SALE-45 acre ranch, 16 acres fruit, 25
acres fenced pasture, & cows, 3 horses, good house,
4 jarge rooms, good barn, fine well, gasolene engine,
H. J. WARRICK, Corning, Cal

 

 

APARTMENTS TO LET—FURNISHED
ener we

11TH ST., 15 EAST, THE ALABAMA.—Elegantly
furnished apartment, private bath, $1.60 dally; tn-
cluding meals, two, $25 weekly; one, $15.

errr eee

 

   

 

APARTMENT HOTELS
ABOVE 14TH ST., WEST SIDE.
~ a SPL LLL LL DPD DPD

THE HOTEL PATTERSON,
50 West 40th St., Ne Y.

 

 

 

REAL ESTATE—OULENS BOROUGH,

—
nen ee

TEN HOUSES.

ranging in price from $5,000 to
$10,000 are now being built in
Broadway-Flushing 4nd are
for sale on our ten year pay-
ment plan. Most liberal home
buying proposition ever made.
Send for particulars.

RICKERT-FINLAY REALTY CO,

1 West 34th St.

PARAPANMO

 

FOR SALE.

  

  

 

      
         
     
     
 

ABOVE 14TH 8ST, WEST SIDE.

~

Orne WAAR AARARR ALS
HIGH CLASS, newest apartments; finest location
in rlem, 202 to 23) West 140th St.; conventent to
jbway and surface cars; 5 and 6 Rooms and Bath;
large and light, with all the latest improvements.
pnts, $80 to $41. Superintendent on premises.

eS

203-206 WEST 119TH ST.—Handsome apartments
of 6 or 6 rooms to let; all light; al) modern improve-
ments; rents moderate. Apply on premises,

 

 

 

THE SOLANO and MONIDA, 207 and 200 Dyck-
man st., cor. broadway; 6 and 7 room suites.

    

DWELLING HOLSES TO LET.

POLL LAD ~o le

 

New American Basement Uwellings for rent.
Apply to Clark Estate, 2881 broadway.
ft

NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR JT

Advertisements for The Sun and Fvening Sun

may be left at any American District Mees-seer

Office in the city.

 

AS ee

 
   

        
 

 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
     
  
   
   

=

Pegi ois a