is Bk et aaa Ce...

 

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1906.

 

 

 

Entered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Ma!! Matter

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mat!, Postpaid,

DAILY, Per Month 80 50
DAILY, Per Year 600
SUNDAY, Per Year . 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month 70

Postage to foreign countries added,

 

Published by The Sun Printing and Publishing
Association at 170 Nassau street. in the Borough of
Manbatian, New York

 

Ti our sricnds who favor us with manuscripts for
puMicetion wish lo ve rejected articles returned (hey
mus! inci! cases send stamps for that purpose

 

 

 

 

 

Not a Southern Community.

It would perhaps conduce to more in-
telligent disenssion of the Twenty-fifth
Infantry affvir if the various statesmen,
orators, politicians and writers now
engaged in handling it se vigorously
would discard the postulate of race an-
tagonism and inherited prejudice.

Brownsville is not a“Southern commu-
nity” in any proper senseoftheterm. Of
course, the numerically preponderating
element is composed of Mexicans; but

of the whites it can safely be alleged that
they are almost wholly of Northern
birth orextraction. Asa matter of fact,

there are very few born and bred South-
erners in Brownsville, nor ean it be said
with truth that those few control the
sentiment or dictate the actions and
expressions of the population.

As a rule, the men who represent the

financial, social, and material impor-
tance of the town are old soldiers of
the Union army and their descendants.

Considered in mere numbers, the South-
erners making their homes in Browns-
ville represent a very small minority.
Considered in respect of their influence
upon the city’s character, attitude, des-
tiny, they eut no figure worthy of A
second thoualt. If Brownsville objected
to the location there of a negro regiment,
certainly the objection was not inspired
by “Southern prejudice” or actuated by
inherited animosity

No good can come of clouding the real
iasiie with false hypotheses and neces-
seril¢t misleading arguments. The as-
sumption that Brownsville is a typical

 

: | electoral reform
“Southern community,” where everybody |

hates the negro and delights in subject- |

ing him to injury and humiliation will
not bear a moment's honest and enlight-
ened inquiry. The truth is that Browns-
ville, so far as coneerns the character,
influence and importance of its con-
stituent elements, is much more a “North-
ern community” than is either Chicago
or New York

|
|
|
|

| Trade

(

The Brownsville incident, if the dis- |
'

cussion is to serve any useful purpose,
must be divested of all confusing and
meretricious complications and subjected
to the white light of well informed and
candid investigation

Universal Suffrage Granted in Austria.

On December 21 the upper house of
the Austrian, or Cisleithan, Reichsrath
accepted without amendment the bill
establishing universal suffrage, which

previously had been passed by the House |
the |

of Representatives. For a time
members of the upper chamber had
shown themselves disposed to make a
atand in favor of plural voting, but ulti-
mately they succumbed to the fear of
being swamped by a wholesale creation
of new peers SBy this measure, which
will be signed by the Emperor FRANCIS
JosepH after the holidays, the parlia-
mentary franchise is conferred on every
male Austrian twenty-four vears old who
has been domiciled in a constituency for
at least a year, and every one who has
been possessed of Austrian citizenship
for at least three years will be eligible
to the lower house.

The adoption of universal suffrage in
Austria puts an end to one of the most
complex electoral systems that have ever
existed, Since 1873 the conditions under
which the franchise has been exercised
have been based upon the principle ex-

emplified in the three estates of the old |

States-General of France, that the dif-
ferent interests of the community ought
to be represented. Asa general rule, to
which there were some exceptions, the
representatives for each province have

been distributed among five different | agricultural country.
classes of voters, namely, the great land- | lutely no commerce, either export or

owners, the cities, the chambers of

commerce, the rural communes, and the | food to eat, and houses of some kind
new general class, created in 1806 with | in which to live.

the vain ‘hope of appeasing the clamor
for universal suffrage. The provinces
hitherto have been divided into elec-

toral districts for each of these classes. | people would certainly be deprived of
Except in the case of the cities and the i such superfluous contraptions as railways,

chambers of commerce, which were com-
hined in eight of the smaller provinces,
the different classes have never been
brought together for the election of a
representative, and thus a constituency
has been composed wholly of great land-
owners, or of cities, or of rural villages,
never partly of one and partly of an-
other.

We should note, however, that the
voters in the first four classes have not
been excluded from voting also in the
new general class, for which, neverthe-
less, separate districts have been pro-
vided As a rule, each district elects a
single representative, except in the case
of the great landowners, who save in
Bohemia and Galicia vote together for a
whole province and elect all their rep-
resentatives on one ticket. ‘This, we re-
peat, is generally true, but occasionally
the cities or chambers of commerce in
one district would return two members,

and one district of Vienna re urned four, |

| disguised as a request for enlichten-

|
\
i

 

|
}

'

dred and twenty-nine by the rural com-
munes, and seventy-two by the general
class. From what we have here set
forth it will be obvious that the electoral
system from which the inhabitants of
Austria have at last been delivered was
incomparably intricate. It was a puzzle
to most of the Austrians themselves, and
perhaps no American has understood it,
with the exception of Mr. A. LAWRENCE
LOWELL, to whose work on “Governments
and Parties in Continental Europe” we
are indebted for our facts.

To appreciate more thoroughly the
labyrinthine regulations which will be
abolished at a stroke by the new uni-
versal suffrage law we should recall that
the franchise varied materially in the
various classes. in the general class it
was enjoyed by substantially all men
not in domestic service, and it was
computed in 1896, when this class waa
created, that the total number of voters
would ie increased thereby from some
1,700,000 to about 5,300,000. In the classes
of cities and rural villages the franchise
could be exercised by all municipal
and communal voters who paid five
florins, or about two dollars in annual
taxes. For the cless of great land-
owners the qualification was the pay-
ment of a tax ranging in the different
provinces from fifty to two hundred and
fifty florins, and except in three prov-
inces assessed on land held by a noble
or feudal tenure. It is an interesting
fact that in the class of great landown-
ers women could vote. So also could
men in active military service who belong
to that class, though these were excluded
from the franchise in the other classes.
One more difference between the classes
was that only in the rural communes was
the election indirect; there it was carried
on by means of intermediate electors,
one of whom was chosen for every five
hundred inhabitants. Curiously enough,
although such rigorous class distinctions
were maintained as regards voters (ex-
cept in the general class ¢reated in 1896),
these were all effaced with respect to
candidates. Every man who possessed
the franchise in any class was eligible
either by that class or any other. That
is to say, the class of great nobles might
elect a peasant to represent them, or a
rural commune might return a noble.

As members of the Reichsrath are
paid, there is no reason to doubt that
under universal suffrage the working
elass will be very largely represented.
It remains to be seen whether the as-
sembly which will be the outeome of
will be more orderly
than its predecessor, and whether it will
obtain complete control of the Cabinet,
a control which hitherto has been so
far from perfect that the Herrenhaus,
or House of Lords, has not felt obliged to
give way in case of a disagreement.

 

Balances, and What
Signify.

Our correspondent “G. I. B.” submits |

what is evidently intended as a criticism

They

ment. He tells us that his intellect is
“shrouded in gloom” and that Cimmerian
darkness encompasses his soul, chiefly
because in a recent comment on the
commerce of France we said that “prior
to the adoption of the present [fiscal]
policy her annual trade balances ran

the adverse balance shows persistent

, reduction until 1905, when for the first

;

|

|

|

 

|

!
heavily against her. Since its adoption

time in many years the balance stands
in her favor.”

We can only assume that “G. I. B.” |
read the article in question in a darkened
ro and with closed eyes. From that
co 0 to his confessed present intel-
lectual obscurity is only a short step.
We stated a fact which, in his gloom, |
looked to him like an argument assertive,
aggressive and howling for combat. To
“G. I. B.” the terms “favorable trade
balance” and “adverse balance” appear
to come asa challenge. If he will throw
open the shutters of his darkened soul
and admit the light of logic and reason he
will see that as we used the terms in that
article they are merely harmiess tech-
nical expressions referring to conditions
and not to controversy. The large ques-
tion of international trade balances is
emphatically controversial, and we have |
no present intention whatever of getting
into a fight about it. We stand by our
statement of fact, and leave our readers
to their own conclusions.

Incidentally it may be said that there
is probably a. fundamental principle
hidden away somewhere in this much
discussed problem. Cuba is a distinctly
If she had abso-

import, her people would still live, have

Their garments would
probably be limited generally to the loin
cloth made by hand or by crude mechan-
ical ,devices from native fibres. Her

telephones, electric lights and automo-
biles. If the island exported nothing
and imported heavily there can be no
doubt that she would soon be set down
as a hopeisis bankrupt. Yet her people
might be, after their own fashion, pros-
perous. All might have a home, several
changes of loin cloths, an abundance
of yams and bananas, and two or three
ponies apiece.

Our correspondent cites England as
a debtor nation whose people “actually
insist they are getting richer.” This.
distorted view of England's position is
almost as common as the belief that hap-
piness and riches are synonyms. Eng-
land's balance of trade stancs heavily
against her so far as the items of import

eS i Sl SSS Sl lS SESS SN On ~<a ES

' and export trade are concerned. But in |

|

addition to running a small farm and a |
large factory Joan BULL picks up a|
good bit of money by transporting |
merchandise for a'! creation and ekes |
out his income by a modest banking

2 ae

ee ee

modest factor, at least. a tignificant inei- and throwing her down stairs. These
dent of our national growth and pros-

perity.
The Danger of San Francisco.

California seems to be between the
devil and the déep séa: the deep sea of
dubiots constitutional construction and
the devil of union labor tyranny. The
mass meeting at San Francisco on
Sunday to consider the Japanese schoo!
question adopted resolutions asserting
California's rights under the Constitu-
tion, assailing Secretary METCALF as a
traitor to his adopted State, and resent-
ing the President's menace of coercion.
The resolutions contained this declara-
tion: .

“ We deplore the tenor of President Roosevs.1's
message as misieading In tts statements of fact,
unwarranted in tte imferences and conclusions,
and unworthy the digaity of the high office whence
it emanates,”

Any gathering of earneat American
citizens might have thus delivered them-
selves without. heat or prejudice, con-
sidering the local irritation. From the
point of view of the school teachers, for
instance, there was sufficient reason for
such comment upon the President's
attitude and his vigorous and aggressive
language in discussing the segregation
of the Japanese. But the adopters of
the resolutions were not school teachers.
A report of the meeting saya that 99 per
cent. of them were members of the ar-
rogant and militant labor unions of San
Francisco. The presiding officer was
O. V. TvEITMOE, a Norwegian, who is
president of the Japanese and Corean
Exclusion League, and who started the
ball rolling by the graphic racial senti-
ment that the issue of marriages between
the Japanese and Americans would be
“a nation of gaspipe thugs and human
hyenas.” From other speeches of the
evening we take the following utter-

 

ances as reflecting the temper of this |

meeting:

“ If we must have war, we will see to |t that we
bear ourselves well, When the smoke Is cleared
away the white man's fag will float triumphant
over the field.”

“If the Asiatics try our patience too much there
will be violence.”

‘California and the States west of the Rockies
alone could wh! Japan tnto a Jelly.”

Mis 2

pa SS A

|

{

 

_ "i —— = >)

luxuries are naturally expensive. How
is a good man to sustain life on a $1,600
salary when his tastes and inclinations
call for such sumptuous outlay?

None of the clerks seems to have con-
sidered the expedient of retiring from
an occupation which is so loathsome as
regards its duties and so contemptible
in respect of its compensations. Oppor-
tunity and rich reward await brains,
energy and courage in every nook arid
corner of the land. Why, if these indus-
trious and talented persons are starved,
oppressed, ill treated; do they cling to
their three legged stools and’ hug to
noble diaphragms the gnawing fox: of
martyrdom?

This is a conundrum which we refer to
the taste and fancy of the individual.

=— ee

 

Tuskegee.

In the Montgomery, Ala., Journal
BooKkER T. WASHINGTON answers the
question: What becomes of the students
who attend the Tuskegee Normal and
Industrial Institute? By way of illus-
tration Principal WASHINGTON gives
a directory of Tuskegee graduates in
Montgomery county, stating the em-
ployment of each. The list contains the
names of about ninety men and forty
women, and the most numerously repre-
sented occupations are, among the
men, carpentry, with twenty-two; farm-
ers, fifteen; blacksmiths and wheel-
wrights, nine; brick masons, eight. Of
the women twenty-four are house- |
keepers, eight are teachers and five are
nurses, Other occupations with scat-
tering representation of from one to
three or four cover a wide range—
barbers and bookkeepers, masons and
ministers, mechanics and artisans of
every sub-species known to the com-
prehensive directory of unionism. [If
the directory is comprehensive and
candid, as we believe it to be, it fully
bears out the remarkable assertion of the
Tuskegee principal, made in a note that
accompanies his list, that he “cannot
find a single case of a man or woman
who has received a diploma from the
Tuskegee institute who has been con-
victed of crime in any court.”

This note from the head of the Tuske-

 

The authors of these deflances were | gee school affords more clear light on the
' circumstances under which Tuskegee’s

not obscure ranters, but presidents of

unions and influential labor leaders, and |

the mass meeting roared
EUGENE Scumitz, the indicted Mayor,

its approval. |

work is done than anything we have
seen about the work of the institute.
The utmost that this and similar schools

who officiaily recognized the meeting | can do is but a contribution of asingle

by being present and making a speech
in which he said thet the Japanese had
all the vices end nore of the virtues of
the Chinese, war thie lion of the evening.
Tt was the very last place where the
Mayor of San Francisco should have
been in the present diplomatic crisis,
and for two reasons: the Japanese press
will connect him officially with the out-

_ bursts of race hatred; and as Mayor he

may be called upon to use the police
power to protect the objects of that race
hatred in San Francisco. As SCHMITZ
is the product of the labor unions which
are carrying things with sich a high
hand he would not be expected by them
to give the Asiatics a square deal, and
there would be precipitated a situation
not in the least related to the legal ques-
tion of the right of the Japanese to re-
ceive instruction in the publie schools,

Woes of the Government Clerk.

In the intervals of the President's
special messages to Congress the Wash-
ington newspapers take up the hardships
of those overworked and underpaid vic-
tims the Government clerks,
timental agitation is not as prevalent
this winter as it has been heretofore,
chiefly because the intervais above re-
ferred to are steadily diminishing in fre-
quency and duration; but our excellent
contemporaries console themselves by
making really brilliant play with such
opportunities as may be vouchsafed
them.

The general complaint is that the Gov-
ernment clerk in Washington has to live
on starvation p@y. He exhausts the
resources of human ingenuity in the
effort to make both ends meet; is nearly

| always in debt or on the brink of penury;

cannot afford to go to the theatre, or ride
in automobiles, or acquire indigestion
at the fashionable restaurants. And all
this time a callous and cruel Government
keeps the clerks hard at work, often to
the extent of eight hours a day, giving
no heed to their piteous remonstrances
nor yet to their indignant protests, Ex-
actly to what extremities of persecution
the slave drivers venture we have no
means of knowing. Whether the clerks
get less than they are worth or are re-
quired to do more work than would be
fair at any wage has never heen made
entirely clear to the dispassionate in-
quirer. The air is full of vague and bit-
ter lamentation, but facts of specific and
convincing quality are in the class with
the great auk and the commetcial flying
machine. Maybethese clerks are robbed
by their taskmasters; maybe they get
reasonable pay, but are subjected to un-
reasonable burdens; maybe not, but the
local newspapers dilate upon their wrongs
with great and painful volume, and it is
worthy of note that no Government
clerk has ever yet come forward with a
declaration of contentment or « hint of
gratitude. Evidently the clerks regard
themselves as martyrs and hail with joy
the exhibition of their wounds.
Semi-occasionally one “obtains ma-
terial for calculating thought through the
medium of an accidental demonstration.
For example, it happened a few days ago
that one of the clerks in the War Depart-
ment felt it incumtent on him to assault
a female person of his acquaintance, and
incidentally to kick her down a flight
of stairs. Among other harrowing de-
tails, as given in the Washington news-
papers, there waa one to the effect that
the strenuous clerk has been receiving

drop to the filling of the bueket of the
South's needs. Th great obstacle that
had to be surmounted was the prejudice

| of the negro people against sending their

children to be educated for lives of use-
ful labor. This obstacle has been sur-

out men and women who serve their race
as leaders and teachers. The demand
for trained negro labor in Alabama far
exceeds the supply. Every Tuskegee
graduate is trained to regard himself
as a little Tuskegee, and the reault is
“extension” work in a very practical
and effective form. The propagation’ of
the Tuskegee idea and influence is pro-
ceeding at a wonderful rate: and the
principal shows that there are wider
fields of usefulness for his pupils con-
stantly opening to view.

No section of the country has more

| interesting problems to solve than those

that to-day confront the New South; and

| the schools for negroes, with Tuskegee

This sen- ,

|

 

as the leading exponent of their methods
and results, are a more potent factor in
the finding of x than is commonly real-
ized. They are not fighting as those
that beat the air, but are making every
blow tell.

 

Naturally, New York will regret the in-
convenience to which Mr. CLARK, the Mon-
tana Senator, was subjected a day or two
ago. The refusal of the somewhat over-
alert janitor to admit MY OLARK to his own
premises must inevitably afflict every hos-
pitable heart. The Senator had a consti-
tutional right to enter and inspect. The
innumerable thousands distributed by his
agents with a view to the completion of the
most wonderful palace in this city of archi-
tectural enormities entitied him to admis-
sion. He was paying for the carnival—why
not permit him to gaze?

i
|
mounted, and to-day Tuskegeedis turning

 

It was a great Christmas Day for Hicas
of Bakersfield. Snatched from the bowels
of tae earth, and in possession of all the
plug tobacco and whiskey that were good
for him, he spent his time between drinks
opening tolegrams from producers of the
popular drama. Rumor, perhaps with her
tongue in her cheek, announces that a pay
envelope of $1,000 a week. was offered the
rescued miner by rivals for his services in
the legitimate. Hicks now has the ball at
his feet until he ceases to be a curiosity.
He may appear in the dynamite drama as
the hero of “Buried Alive,” or do a turn in
vaudeville or be a mere freak in a circus
booth. He will certainly be modelled in
wax. And Hicks when obecure used to
be happy on two dollars a day! Fate has
played Hicks ap amazing trick, and if
he keeps the head which be has saved he

will be a phenomenon.
LS ED

Ethical Cultare. .
To THe Korror or Tax Sun—Sir: I have read
with Interest Mr. Eshieman's letter to you In yes-
terday's Sun relative to the ethical culture move-
|
'

 

SS

ment. For some time ethical culture has been a
subject of study with me, in order to understand
why Christianity has gained ascendency and main
tains it over other cults among Caucasians.

Tt seems to me that the ethical culturists are but
going over old ground. The sum total of Stoicism
and Fpicureanism at their best differs virtually
not atall from ethical culture, The former was by
the eaperience of ages proved inefficient. Nothing
better ts to be hoped for from the latter.

Any system or cult bound up solely with man
mustultimately fall. Only by admitting possibilities
of the supernatural and allowing that to become a |
conviction can man be lifted above man. Christian |
tty may be but one cult of the supernatural, yet It |
offers so many Variations as to be adaptable toevery |
state of Intelligence. B. C.

Rauwart, \. J., December 44.

sosniidlaapiaptaipastznstins j

Raising the Dast. |

To THE Fprron or TAR SUN~Sir) Now wehave |

ahomicide from dust raising. !t Joitsourrespectfor |

the huma™ race that it has scarcely produced an

employer decent enough to have sweeping done in |
non working time,

 

 

ae

‘bills over his veto he will pay no attention

THE ALLEGED DEFIANCE.
From the Washington Post of December 24.

In view of the President's recent deciara-
tion that no interview or reported con-
versation with him should be accepted as
genuine unless officially given out, the liber-
ties taken with him yesterday by a number
of leading newspapers are astounding. It
is true that he is not directly quoted, but
certain statements are made without quali-
floation, upon “the highest authority,”
which can mean nothing if it does not mean
that the authority is Theodore Roosevelt.
These statements are that he will veto
any bills passed. by Congress seeking to
restore to the army the discharged negro
soldiers of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, or
any bills attempting to “correct” their mili-
tary records; that if Congress passes such

to such laws unless they are affirmed to
be constitutional by the United States
Supreme Court, and that “even were im-
peachment proceedings instituted he would
cheerfully await their oultcome.”

If these statements were published in
newspapers given to misrepresentation of
the President they would carry their own
denial on their face. But they are printed
in journals which are represented in Wash-
ington by competent and conscientious
men, who are not given to reckless speech.
It is this fact which will probably prompt
the President to make a correction of the
stories which picture him ‘as being ready
to ignore laws which do not meet his ap-
proval, and as daring to impeach
him for such violation of hisoath of office.

The President is intensely in earnest in
the Brownsville matter. This is made evi-
dent by his determination to secure further
evidence, if possible, in support of the wis-
dom of his aetion. He realizes that his
adversaries intend to prove, if possible,
that he has inflicted grievous wrong upon
innocent men in his efforts to punish certain
murderers and those who have shielded
them. Possibly the President may have
expressed himself in an impulsive fashion
regarding the oriticiam which his action has
aroured in the’ Senate. But it is utterly
inconceivable. that the President of the
United States has indicated to any one his
deliberate intention to refuse to execute
the laws of the land, and to face impeach-
ment proceedings rather than to execute
such laws merely because he does not he-
lieve they are constitutional. Such an atti-
tude cannot even be in the President's
thoughts, for it would mean that he intends
to violate in the most flagrant manner his
oath to “preserve, protect and defend the |
Constitution,” which requires that “he shall |
take care that ‘the laws be faithfully exe- |

ee ee ee

cuted.” The laws enacted by Congress
over the President's veto are valid until
declared otherwise by an authority other
than the President, and no President of the |
United States has ever constituted himself |
an authority as to the constitutionality of
laws he is called upon to execute. These j
facts are so self-evident that it is prepos-
terous to assert that Theodore Roosevelt
has indicated in any way his intention to
swerve from his duty as executor of the
laws. ;

The statements, published apparently
upon the authority of the President himeelf,
appearing in journals of known reliability,
are of such an astounding character as to
call for prompt official denial. The Presi-
dent vannot afford to permit any newepaper,
however friendly, to place him in such a
false position before the country.

 

Mr. Bryce and Brownsville.

To Tar Ep:tor or THE Srx—Sir: The
great purpoee of a constitution is to protect
the minority from the aggression of the ma- |
jority. Majority rule beyvond constitutional
limite is mob rule An Executive, a Con- |
gress, a court, which exceeds constitutional |

|

}
|
j

limitations at the behest of a majority be-
comes to that extent a tool of the mob. The
rights under the law of a single negro soldier
should be more sacred than the clamor of |
millions. It is a sirong Executive who can |
stand upon the Constitution against the |
crowd a wenk one who follows the crowd and |
deprives some poor devil of a constitutional |
right. One may do injustice by using uncon- |
stitutional power in attempting to administer |
justive.
James Bryce, in his “American Common-

wealth” (Second Edition, Vol. 1, p. 63) says:

Presidents have shown

Although recent if
disposition to strain their authority, it ts still the |
fashion in America to be jealous of the President's
action, and to warn citizens against what ts called
“the one man power.” General Ulysses S. Grant
was hardly the man to make bimself a tyrant, yet
the hostility to a third term of office which moved
many people who had not been alienated by the
faults of his Administration resied not merely on
reverence for the example set by Washington, but
also on the fear that a President repeatedly chosen
would become dangerous to republican institutions.
This particular alarm seems to a European ground -
leas. * * * If there be any danger it would
seem to Me fn another direction. The larger a
community becomes the less docs It seem to respect
an assombiy, the more ts it attracted by an Indi
vidual man. A bold President who knew himself
to be supported by @ majority In the country might
be tempted to override the law and deprive the
minority of the protection which the law affords
it. He might be a tyrant, not agatost the masses,
but with the masses. But nothing In the psesent
atate of American politics gives weight to such
apprehensions

Among those who aided Mr. Bryce in pre-
paring hie work was Theodore Roosevelt of
New York. That was twenty vears ago.

Do not some things in the present state of
American politics give weight to such appre-
hensions? G, W. 8,

Jamaica, N. Y., December 25

}
|
|
}
|

 

Antictpated Payments.

To rag Forron ov Tae SUN-Sir: There la a
great deal of money held in banks apd trust com
panies for dividend disbursements during January
and February on railroad, industrial and other
shares, In view of the money stringency for whiou,
to & great extent, these very banks and trust com
panies are responsible, would It not be a creat help
ff the directors of those railroads, industrial corpor
ations, &c., were to follow the good example of the
directors of the New York Central and disburse ali
January and February dividends at once?

if a number of them made a start others would
be obliced to follow. Thousands of shareholders
are cageriy waiting for the dividends, as it is tm-
porsible to obtain money, even on the best of se-
curities, ata reasonable rate. Prompt action would
no doubt relieve the money market. L.Haaogr, |

New Yorn, December 24. |

a

 

|

Didn't Kaow Mr. Mudd. |

From the Washington Post |

A long, lank. loosely butit stranger strolicd into |
the lobby of the National yesterday. After looking |
around be walked up to the desk.
“ts Mr. Mudd tn?” he asked the clerk,
|

“Mr. Madd? Not acquainted with the gentie
man.” {
“Do | understand you to say you don’t know
Sydney Mudd?” . |

 

WAR OF THE GIANTS. :

Hague Tribunal.

To Trax .Epitor or Tae Sun—Sir: The
Garrison Club of this city desires to hale the
Ancient and HMonorabie’ Artillery of Boston
before the Hague Tribunal. The question at
issue is seriously affecting the relations be-
tween England and the United States and
may have something to do with the retire-
ment of Sir Morfimer Durand. Thus far Mr.
Roosevelt has not harangued Congress about
it, but with all respect it is time he did.

For six consecutive nights—August 1, 2, 3,
4, 5 and 6 of the present year—seven pioked
men of the Ancients engaged seven of our
club members in a military tournament held
in the.main parlor of the club and were put
under the table every time. It was catch
as catch can, that is to say, any kind of spir-
ituous and fermented liquor was permitted,
provided each pair of combatants drank: the
same stuff, with eight minutes between
rounds; five fingers the regulation horn, heel
taps sternly barred. We all admired the
prowess of the enemy. As the Iaet Ancient
on the last night of the dreadful fray was
being carried on a stretcher to the Chateau
Frontenac minute guns boomed from the
Citadel and the members of the club sang
with full hearts the “Dirge of The McTavish,”
the first veree of which runs:

Brothers, spare a while your liquor, lay your latest
beaker down.

Me has dropped, that star of honor, on the field
of his renown!

Raise the dirge; but raise it softly, lowly bending
on your knees,

Tf you find it more convenient, you may hicoup If
you please.

And so on through nine other verses, each

with an alliterative chorus entreating good

men and true to deposit plenty of sode water

in tumblers bottomed well with brandy by the

hero's bed:

So when waking, he shall drain them, with that
deathiess thirat of his,

Clinging to the hand that smote him, like a good
‘un as he ts!

It was an affecting spectacle. It was also
@ great victory for the Garrison Club and for
Canada. Yet instead of frankly recognizing
our superiority, the Ancients, acting on the
advice of counsel, have raised the point—an
important constitutional point, I ellow—that
we of the club are colonists and therefore
inferior subjects of England, whereas their
royal charter expressly provides that they
can only. compete in such jousts with citizens
of a free or sovereian State. The Supreme
Court of Canada has obviously no jurisdic-
tion in the matter, and we prefer going to
The Hague to submitting to the judgment of
Mr. Roosevelt, who as likeas not would pound
us with the Big Stick. ;

Till the case is decided by some competent
authority the Garrison Club feels obliged
to decline all further professional challenges
from the United States. We have been in-
vited to an amateur tournament in Kentuoky
where the weapons of combat are to be Red
Eye, Electrooutionore and other varieties of
local whiskey; and should be glad to send a
team; but in our humbie opinion those and
other brands of Rourbon are more suitable
as “chasers” than as main theses. Our stand-
ard thesis is Squirre!] whiskey, with pot stiil
Seotch as a “chaser.” Squirrel was manu-
factured by moonlight in the forests behind
Quebec after the disbandment of the Fraser
Highlanders at the close of the Seven Yeare
War, and wae admitted to the ceilars of the
Garrison (lub in 1772 and then reckoned the
best available susbtitute in America for the
illicit or peat reek Sootch, 42% over proof,
on which the Fraser clansmen had been
reared from their vouth upward. As I have
said in these colurmns before, if you sample
it too freely Squirrel impels you by its subtle
virtue to rush outd and climb the nearest
tree, teleeraph pole, Presbyterian steeple or
ship’s mast; in other words, it establishes the
soundness of the Darwinian hypothesis by
throwing man back to the arborea! habits o
hie progenitors, the anthropoid apes.

I mention these things not to Frighten the
Kentucky amateurs but to show that while
defeated the Ancients were not disgraced.
They come perilously near being disgraced,
however, through entering the plea in bar that
being mere coloniats we of the Garrison Club
have no locua atandi as against their venerable
organization. When ten of our representa-
tives went to England and floored a team of
fifteen chosen from the Honourable Artillery
Company of London, thi London warriors
owned up like men that they ha beaten
turned the chamnpionship belt over to us an
declared that we were the hope and pride of
the English speaking race. What is Taz Sun's
opinion? STADACON A.

QveBre, December 24.

 

 

The Process of Amendment.

To THE Eprror or Tas SUN-—Sir; Your editorial
in THR Sun of Saturday on Representative De. Ar-
mond's advocacy of the Congress's: proposing
amendments to the United States Constittion
Was erroneous In Stating that the Congress has not
the power to do so, but that such Initiative must
be taken by thirty States, as plainly set forth la
the Constitution. . '

‘Two thirds of the several States may take the
initlative. So, too, may the Congress, as cleariy
set forth in the following unambiguous language:

“The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments to the Constitution °* * * which
* * * «ball be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of the Constitution, when ratified by the
Legialatures of three-fourths of the several States,
or by conventions in three-fourths thereof, as the
one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Congress.” M. W. Muacirer.

New Yore, December 24.

If our correspondent will !ook again at
the statement which he regards as erroneous,
and will then examine Article V. of the
Constitution, his mistake will be apparent
to himself, Two methods of proposing
amendments are provided. By the first
method two-thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress propose. By the second, on the appii-
cation of the Legislatures of two-thirds ‘of
the States, Congress calls a constitutional
convention for proposing amendments. Mr.
Meagher confuses the two processes. it
was with regard to the calling of a constitu-
tional oonvention, not with regard to the
original proposing of amendments by Con-
gress, that Tae SUN said that the initiative
was not with Congress, but with the Legie-
latures of at least thirty States.

 

Golf Strategy.
From Golf Illustrated

The late Sir Robert Anstruther, M. P., and Jamie
Anderson (three times champion) were playing the
late Mr. Bethune of Biebo, @ fine Fifeshire landed
proprietor, who farmed hisown ground. Mr. Beth -
une was getting a third and was making such
headway that he was six holes up at the turn. This
did not sult Jamie Anderson at ail, especinily as
he had six balls on the match. He said to bis part-
ner, “We'lt have to stick tn, Sir Robert.” Sir Robert
Anstruther repited: “AH right. Jamte, I'll-start Mr,
Bethune on the law of Hypothec”—e subject on
which, as the baronet well kacw, Mr. Bethune held
very strong opinions. Mr. Bethune became so
and waxed so eloquently indignant that he lost hole
after hole ang Jamie and his partner managed to
halve the match. ' ;

 

North Carelina Wonders.
From the Wilkesboro Chronicte.

Mr. Tom Penne! was down tn Antioch iast week
and stayed over night with Mr. Moses Arm:
He tells us that My. Armstrong bes a wonderful
pet pig, and he saw !t himself with a broom sweep.
ing out the yard. Of course the pig couldn't ado
as well at sweeping as son of his two legged
brethren, but It was wonderful to spe bow hard
the pig worked and what progress he made. Mr.
Armstrong says he has’ a wonderful gander, 100.
The gander will climb an apple tree, sheke it and
then get down and eat the applies. Mr. Pennei mys
he did not see the gander. but after seeing the pig
sweep he believed anything Mr. Armagrong told him.

ee '

—————

 

A Glimpse Inte the Fatare.’
Perbaps tn 1920,

Taouga fogies eneer'and scof,
The nations wil socredit

— LS A _ —— - n = sae ate deep

   
 
 
   

 

Year's Increase in Our Exports Averaged
61,000,000 a Working Day.

. To Tas Eorror or Tae Sux—Sir: Our ex.

porte last month, November, amounted to

$182,500,308, which, though about 35,000,000

less than for October, was $12,000,000 more
than for January, 1906, the then record break.
ing month in our commercial history

The year's exports by months, in round
millions, are:

 

duly... $112,900.90
Augusi 199,000,000
September 188.099 on
October 187,000 900
November 182,900,000
Dec,, est 185,060,900
Total for year............... $1,791 ,000,000
Total for 1906.. eee 1,481,000,000
Inorease, 1906 over 1906.. $310,000,000

That increase of $310,000,000 this year ia
$10,000,000 more than $1,000,000 a day for each
of the 300 working days of the year. Averag-
ing the year's exports as a whole, $1,791,000,000,
we have nearly 96,000,000 for each working

n November our imports were $119,689 aa
rding to the bureau of statistics that
is the largest month's imports we ever had.

exceeding October by 81,610,000. Ry months
our imports this year have been
January. .....$107,000,000 | July. $108 99
february ..... 104,000,000 | August. joz 00D ae
Fada 114,000,000 | September 105,090,099
sreeeeees 107,000,008 | October.. 118.990.900
MP occctsoves B 000 | November... 120 »9n ny)
June.......... 101,000,000! Dec, est 105,009,000
Total for the year... “$1,204 0mm a4
Total for 1905............. 1'043.900/0n0
Increase, 1906 over 1906 $211 000,000

The average of the year’s imports for each
of the 300 working days was $4,300,000 The
da average in exports was  $6,90,000,
Adding exports and imports, the country did
a daily business of $10,300,000.

e next chapter in the vear'’s commeroial
history is better reading still, for it shows a
balance on the right side, excess of exports
over imports, of 497,000,000 for the tocive
months. That favorable balance averages
$1,600,000 a day (and $17,000,090 more) for each
of the 900 working days in the year
Not eyen Great Britain, great as her for.
eign and colonial commerce is, can make 9
showing of actual production value anywhere
nearly equal to ours.

Combined, our exports and imports this year
amount to $?,085,000.000, or rather more th
£3,200,000,000, if we include the exports aa
imports of Hawaii, Porto Rico and Alaska. and
excluding the large commerce which those
Territories and the Philippines transact wit’)
other countries.
All of the foregoing refers to merchandise
exports and imports only

‘ Water J. BanLarn
Los ANGELES, Cal., December 20

 

Trade Balances.

To tax Eprror or Tre Stx-Sir- Dark-
ness, clmmerian in intensity, encompasses mr
seul; small though my intellect is, even tiat
smaliness isehrouded in gloom. Your editorial
of Monday, December 17, on the tradeof France
has a positive relationship to it. You say,
speaking of the Gallic nation: “Prior to
her adoption of the present policy her annua!
trade balance ran heavily against her. Since
its adoption the adverse baiance shows
persistent reduction unti! 1995, when for
the firat time in many years the balance
stands in her favor.”

Let me explain the working of my intellect,
the meohanics of my ignorance, as | i cht
say, as applied to the probiem

Pierre Jacques sells to a Yankee goods wortn $90) fe
Jean Nimport buys of a Britisher aN te
Ergo, France |s poorer by 2.090 fr,
Now, the above is as clear as mathematics
can make it. What T fail to wrasp is that
Pierre and Jean persist thus in carrying
on a losing game. I strongly suspect! tar if
their intellectual! nrocesses could be sub.
jected to a confessional process as clear ae
that to which I am now subjecting mrsel!
it would be found that both would believe
they were better off instead of poorer
is the obstinacy of the Gallic middie cizss’
Talk of the woman in the Hindu
story so contrary that when she drowned
she floated up creek’ [ note with ples
what you say about the “new policy whi

such

folklore

 

ch
has supptied the Gauls with brains and kro)

edge of their own businese. A
certainly a cureall

But this ain't the worst of it!

Another nation, calling iteelf enlightoned,
Great Britain I mean, is submitting ever) -¢sr
to.a lose of the kind deecrihed. Her ‘1d: orse
trade baiance” is hundreds of miliions every
twelvemonth. Worse evén than individual
Gallic obstinacy, however,is that of the Eng.
lish, for the French Legislature jis at east
wise enough to prevent the people ‘collect
ively” from doing what each man wants to do
singly: in England you can't drive i! into
their thick skulle with a sledge and a spk
that they are losing money #0 enormously
every year by their policy. The (ellovs
gruety insist that they are getting richer
Now why in the name of mathematics, sense
and reason is it so? We do things better inthe
United.States, that's one comfort GIB

ROOKLYN. December 20.

statute is

 

Japanese Rule in Corea.
From the Corea Daily News

The Coreans themselves, from the Fmperor
downward, have not the slightest voice tn their
own police affairs. There is reason to believe rhat
Mr. Marvyama, although employed and paid br
the Corean Government, takes orders from none
but Margulis Ito. Mr. Maruyama’s men frequen'iy
make arrests of foreans who in any way menac*
the success of 3). rquis Ito's plans, and the police
who are now “upholding the dignity of the Imperial
house of Corea” by keeping the Fmperor « frients
from him belong to the same force

These men are paid three times thie salal ics witica
they would recetve in Japan: some have horses and
8 number ride bicycies. Their duties are |ich! and
simple and for al! tegitimate work Coreans wold be
equally efficient. Only Coreans could probabl: oot
be prevailed upon to do such dirty work as 7
done when all but Japanese sycophants were drivea
from the palace and the Fmperor made a4 prisoner
As indicative of the light in which the poli
“adviser” regards bis responsibilities aud dite
Wwe may point out that on the very day wes
Mr. Yi Keun Tatk lost his postition as Minster for
War be also lost the bodyguard of police wit) wai
he had been provided.

His enemies are not satisfied and bis
safer than {t was while he was in office, br UF
Japanese have done With him and are now 1 9pare
ently indifferent as to what happens toh!»

life is no

Mimeral Prodart of 1905.

Tae gust pabiisted annual mineral coart >'
United States shows that the total value > 7°
mimerai product of 1905 was Bi 623,877,127. as araine
$1,950.833,55¢ Im 1904. an tmerease of 892.9995"
The 1805 production ts classified thus

Non-metsiite products $97) 914 8
Metaliie products.. 7A? 443 198
wom

Miscellaneous products.. ;
The miscellaneous item includes nitrate of 4s
carbonate of soda. sulphate of soda, 4)\) aye
used by paper makers, bismuth, moi) bicnum
nickel, cobalt, titanium, tungsten, and irat not
included under lead.
Our total mineral production tn 190) moared
with that of 1989, twenty five years, was
1906 ais j , $1,623,877, 19
1880 . . As

Incread tn twenty five years + ee
Oo the basis of 89,099,000 population © mn
mineral production rather exceeded 820 p pita

 

Dangerous Scrap Iron.
From the London Times
The explanation of the explosion on Thirst
evening at the Upper Forest steer! works Mor
ton, Glamorganebire. is found in the practic*'
the furnices with ofe-third of pig iron. o
of heavy scrap t-on and one third of Ico’
iron. Most of the serap is purchased n?
Gorernment dockyards and consists ‘iré
shetls. These #icils are supposed to be onl
by the doekyard authorities, but it is asserted
ia the present vase one of the ahelis mus

 

been losded, for when it was cast into the yen"

furnace 4 great explosion at once took piace TUF

molten metal, the brickwork of the furnser ™
nea

the roof were biown in all directions an’ **
were injuréd, two of them sertous!y nrevtea
explosion of a similar character oc: :

wrr

 

 

 

 

 

'

Another detail should be marked, namely, | business. His various enterprises enable | from a cheeseparing Government the} And the women! Who has ever seen a woman ” '

- 7 ’ ys . } , . “No; who Is he? Ambassidors to Golf. ]
that in the Tyrol and in Bukowina, there | him to live and add a little something | miserable stipend of $1,000 per annum. ea ne ary ee | __ This was too much for the stranger. Me regarded recline ty tteals epee Works eighteen montis ago.
has been a distinct electoral class of high | to his capital. | Superficially, this salary may be re- | New Yorx, december 2 : es ae and then turned | In Weshington will tent, Woman a County Surveyor
ecclesiastics which chose its represente- | Commercial trade balances as rep- | garded as a fairly practicable bridge for | — on -rhat man,” eald the clerk, “lives Over in Prince Ane Ee on Forman } From the London Evening Sania’
tives separately. We observe, lastly, thot resented by figures of imvort and ex- | the chasm which yawns between neces- “Fanatic” Spelling. ! George county, Md. Everybody over there knows Cresenainle Wii proses. ! apes Ad Sone ope afm ap op have < “
the seats were so distributed amon ; in t re infalli itv ineti To Ta8 EpITon or Tas SuUN--Sir: Skibo! | ‘Mars: Sydney,” and whenever @ person says hi Oh. rgés @' Affaires of Basebal! ! Petry, who _ -
oe in tated - oe port are not in themselves an infallible | sity and extinction. Really profound maddest x. doesa’t know lim it makes the loyal Mary lander Will each make stately bow | of engineering, interim county sursess ,

ones ¥e embers | sign of national prosperity or national , thinkers, however, will in time conclude | ~ w reerawn, N. ¥., December 25. wad.” | While high Envoys to Bozing room of her father, tae late Mr, James

were elected by the great landowners, | adversity. It is, however, rather more | that $1,600 a year is not enough, or even | Will show the nations how. eppoinimems js to be mode permanent
one hundred and eighteen by the vitios, than probable that the fact that our | nearly enough, for the support of a high | The Day After. The Way of It. | Ambassadors to Running ‘i Requirement
or cities and chambers of commerce | favorable balance of trade. in ite aggre- | clase department clerk, who includes in A mighty stream of shoppers. Knicker—Girls are inconsistent. i In bighfown terms will josh; > a ra ee ale

bined ty b ’ | ing li : : : To time and distance jost | Bocker—Yee; they will stand undera bitof mistie- | And all will be ‘Knicker—What are the qualitications c
combined, twenty-one by the chambers | gate something like $6,000,000,000 for the | his philosophy of the simple life the UVate. the cteres are streaking | toe tor five hours and complain if they have to hang | As near the Cours of mat?
of commerce acting separately, one hun | last twenty-five years, has been, if not a | privilege of occasionally beating a woman | To Gnd out what IT cost. | em a strap for ve minutes. ‘ pennant 4 Docker te should be able to bat tenn's ile

Wrieom, across oan
. «is 5 a iia im aa i lala Daa i a al sa a i ace a PORT ans