DULL DAY FOR PEARY’S MEN:|

 

 

sallors of the Roosevelt Groan When They
rhink of Broadway and the Kowery
~—Had a Better Time Last Year Piay-
ing Football on the Ice Of Grantiand.

The crew of Commander Peary’s ship

Roosevelt had so quiet a Christmas yester-
cay that some of the men were a little put
out about it. *This ain't much like last

Christmas, up north,” said Fats 'Fm Alive
Charles Henry Clark yesterday afternoon.
help me, I'd rather be at 82° 27’, with ice
2round, than to be in sight of Broadway
th no money to spend,”

| Le crew said they had not been paid with
the exception of slight advances made when
the ship touched at Sydney, Cape Breton.
]r is understood that the Roosevelt will be
towed to drydock at Hoboken to-day and
the erew paid and disbanded. But that
|! be too late for Christmas.

ew

a

“

¥

(he Roosevelt is anchored in the North
liver off Forty-second street, where she
arrived on Monday night. A launch
which makes a business of carrying sight-

seers to Ships anchored in the vicinity made
four or five trips yesterday to the Arctic
ship, but there was a cold wind blowing
and ice cluttered the slip at Forty-fourth
street. Few— perhaps fifteen—made the trip.
‘iis meant few visitors for the lonely
Ballormen.

\ good part of the crew had counted on
getting of to New York or to their homes
for Christmas dinner. Then they learned
that they would not be paid off before
Wednesday. Four lucky ones, including
Able Seaman George Clark No.1 and Able
Seaman George Clark No. 2 (no relation)
and Bo's'n Jack Murphy had money left
over from their Sydney landing and were
brought over to Manhattan in the afternoon.
“lhe remaining twelve men spent the day
‘4n reading, sleeping and playing solitaire.

Fragments of salt corned beef and duff
littered the table in the foo’sle. Duff is a
tort of plain pudding made with flour,
baking powder and water.

“There's what's left of our Christmas
dinner,” said Fireman Clark. “Don't look
much like New York, does it? You ought
to have seen us a year ago to-night.”

Able Seaman George len, Dick Web-
ter and Sandy Way rolled over in their
bunks so that they could listen without
getting up. These bunks are shelf frames
of iron pipe filled in with near springs.

“We was way up,” “Eats 'Em Alive” con-
tinued, “stuck in the ice off Floeberg Beach,
Grantiand. We poms the day playing
solitaire and football-—-that was a great
game of football out on the ice.” All hands
grinted amiably at the recollection. -

*Foley from Newfoundland and the bo's'n
chose sides, We kicked the ball all over
the A stie ice and tumbled around until
we were Slack an’ blue. The result? Oh,
1 guess it was about even.” |

“Sure,” came from one of the bunka,
*:here was so much zero up there that the
score was 0-0.”

“After we had got tired o’ that, Charlie
Perey, the steward, piped all hands to
grub—six o'clock, your time, that was.

“We were split up in three camps, same
#5 Usual—cabin, mesa room and fooc’sle--
though we ate the same grub. There was
musk ox—fine meat, that-—deer meat,
hare 7

“In fact everything,” interpolated the
bunk over in the further corner.

“Hare, fresh bread and duff and coffee,”
the fireman went on unperturbed. “You
can put down most anythi but dog—
eatin’ dog came later, and didn’t come to
ther who stayed on the ship at all. That
was con-fined to the sledgin’ party.

“We had sixty Esquimaux on _ board,
twenty families. After dinner we started a
quadrille here in th’ foc’sle. We cleared
the space aft of the mainmast and called
in the Eaquimaux women. One of the
crew had an accordion and we had the
Phonographs. Everything started fine.”

The fo'c'sle is about 20 by 14 feet over
all. The space aft of the mainmast is a
little less than half that area.

“But it wasn’t more’n two minutes before
rip, smash; the ice outside n raisin’
hell. IL suppose the tide had lifted it an’
caused it to break up some. We ali went
ont on deck and worked most of the rest
of the night.”

“What could you do in a case of that
kind?” “Eat 'Em Alive” was asked.

“Oh, stand an’ watch th’ ice; that’s about
ll. That was a Christmas as was a Christ-

8; but this one isa farce. Nothin’ doin’,
n’ no money to do it with.”

. In the mess room Steward Percy played
Bolitaire, watched by a couple of other
members of the ip’s company and
by Teddy the cat. The Roosevelt carried
two cats north, Percy said, and two kit-
tens were born in the winter. One of
the old cats died from the cold and the
other was stolen at Vin Haven on
the way to New York. A specially heated
oan fae been invoked to take care of the
lef,

It required some care to keep the cata
but up on the long voyage and away from
he dogs. The Eecsteas brought back

Pome fifteen of the latter. A few were lying

 

 

SURE EERE

on the coal in the opened hold Fenny
fternoon, apparently enjo the cold
ind that came th h the lifted hatch.
As the launch cl away for the return

to shore after ite last trip yesterday the

trew leaned over the to say g by.
“Wish you would send out a plug o’
terbaccer if the lighter comes back,” sang
mut one voice. “I'm all out. This is a
ell o' a Christmas,” the voice went on.
*New York right over there an’ me beggin’
Yer terbaccer.

FOR THE LITTLE

|
|
frank Tilford the Host at the Annual
Christmas Dinner.
The Murray Hill Lyceum was the common

 

MOTHERS.

 

Point to which verged yesterday noon
four long lines of “Little Mothers,” one
from each of the “Home-Making Circles”
of the Little Mothers’ Aid Association.
Many of the Little Mothers brought their
Charges along.

When Frank Tilford, who gives the din-
ner to the Little Mothers every ‘Christmas,
put in an appearance every one of the 750
little girls present paused from feasting
4nd joined in shouting “Merry Christmas!”

Then they cheered him and recited anf
sang songs for him. After Mr. Tilford
bad told them that this dinner was to hirh
the happiest feature of the Christmas
Feason, a sentiment that brought the an-
@wering shout from all part of the hall,
“The same to you and many of them,” the
Little Mothers s lied his parting by
- rowing holly and other table decorations

im.
Then the Little Mothers listened to a
Musical programme by professionals until
the gift bags were distributed. Each of
the children carried home with her a doll,
4 pair of mittens, a handkerchief and a box
of candy,

 

LIGHTED TREE HIMSELF.

 

Small Boy Sets Fire to His Father's House
in Hoboken.

Several oil paintings, some parlor furni-
ture and a Christmas tree were damaged
Yesterday afternoon by a fire in the resi-
dence of Herman Pruser at 914 Hudson

Street, Hoboken. The blaze was caused
by the im:
who couldn’t wait for nightfall but lighted

the candles on the tree in the absence of the
old folks. Mr. Pruser is an ex-member
of the Hoboken Board of Education,

 

Griswold—Morrell; Barber—Morrell.

Greenwica, Gonn., Dec. 25.—Two Chriat-
Mas weddings took place to-day here at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. William Morrell, when
— daughters, Carolyn Estelle oe Nellie

ell, hecame the brides of Dr. William Loomis
Yrs wold of G wich, Conn. and Dr. Poygoe

yman Barber of Brasher Falls, N.Y. The
$wo couples will make a brief wedding trip
er.

tience of Mr. Pruser's small son,
}
togeth , |

|
|

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

“In making a tour of the big hogs one day
last week,” said a New York man, “I

was much impressed with the fact that in
several of the stores, while the shop itself
was crowded, the space in front of the ele-
vators was clear. I investigated a little
and soon found that it was the result of
mere common sense, In almost every case
the counters nearest the elevators displayed
goods which would not be apt to draw a
crowd of Christmas shoppers.
choice of goods for such counters was posi-
tively funny. For instance, in the base-
ment of one big store, where the crowds
were thick in the toy department, what
do you think was displayed on the table
nearest the elevators?

ometimes the

x Nothing more crowd
drawing than preserving kettles! Further
on, was a table of other large iron kitchen
utensils. They served their purpose and
kept the crowd where it belonged--away
from the elevatora. On another floor they
were selling men's hata nearest the elevator,
and again there was plenty of room,”

What has caused the disappearance of the
shawl’ It has certainly ceased to be seen
in this city.

“The sight of a woman wearing a ehawl
nowadays is enough to give one a start,”
said a woman physician who has occasion
to go through various parts of the city,
“and I take a keen interest now in looking
for this old fashioned garment. Yet there
are few places in which I see it. Even inthe
poorest parts of the city the women have
some sort of a jacket, however old and worn
it may be. 5 pases that the manufacture
of tailor made clothes has become so cheap
that anybody can afford to buy them as
readily as a shaw!.”

One of the devicés of strangers to get
tables at the popular restaurants frequently
succeeds even with the experienced waiters.
heir plan is to say that the guests want
a table reserved for some well known patron
of the restaurant at a certain hour. After
that has been settled the party arrives on
time. It may be that another waiter is
standing at the door, in which case the pre-
tenders get the table without any trouble.
If the head waiter happens, however, to
know the person in whose name the table
was taken it is usually necessary only to
say that the party has been invited by the
erson in whose name the table was taken.
his trick was pages #0 successfully on
one restaurant that during the past week
the same person had on one night three
tables. As one of them was a genuine
order from the patron whose name had been
used, the confusion that followed betrayed
the plan that had been so successfully Pol-
lowed.

“Well,” said the proprietor of a fine frult
store, “i've been in this business for over
ten years, and I’ve never beard of that
before.”

“What did he want, anyway?” asked the
head clerk.

“Why,” answered the proprietor, his eyes
still fastened on the retreating figure of

his customer, “he wanted to hire a few of
my finest pineapples for to-morrow night!
He's an Englishman, and he says that Lon-
don dealers make more by hiring out their
choice fruits for banquets than they do
by sales. He himself always used to rent
# handsome pine whenever he gave a dinner.

He's only been here a few weeks, and he
su sed we did the same thing. When
he learned he could buy one here for the

eee he would have hired it at in London
1e was delighted and ordered three.

“He told me how once in a Regent street
ep they showed him an enormous pine-
apple that had been bired out nine nights
successively and was good for two more
weeks of active service. The ordinary
selling price is seven or eight shillings, but
this one was worth a pound. Rented out
for, say, twenty nights at three shillings a
night it brought in £3; then when it had
pensee its prime they could still sell it.
Joesn't that beat any Yankee trick you
ever heard of?”

“One of the most indefatigable painters
in this town has almost exclusively a
pawnshop trade,’’ said a pawnbroker.
“He has been working this market for
almost four years. I believe I was his
first customer. He was reduced to the
point where his only capital was a lot of
pictures that he couldn't sell, Im his ex-
tremity he came to me. I advanced him
a little money on several pictures, which IL
was lucky enough to sell. The funny part
of it was that the man himself couldn't
sell a picture to save hia son), He finally
realized that he was deficient in business
acumen and confined himself strictly to
painting the pictures, while I attended to
the sales. At last he got other customers
in my line and to-day he actually makes a
living from the pawnshop trade.”

“I have just received from my laundry,”
the young man said, “a politely worded
notice announcing that on and after January
1 the price for laundering turnover and
wing collars will be two and a half cents,
this bein, a net advance of half a cent per
collar. Sot such an erverlasting lot of
money, half a cent, but still I can figure
up, and without the aid of
that that added half cent a day will mean
an additional expense to me of something
more than a dollar and a half within the
coming year. Everything seems to be

7

|

|

|
|

|
{
!

logarithms, |

going up but maybe my salary will go up |

along with everything else in 1907. Any-
how I suppose I'll have to let the laundry
have the collars.”

RAN AWAY TO SKATE,

 

 

A Holiday Present Fatal to Stephen and
Tony Youngkowsk!i.

Christmas anticipations were heightened
to eleven-year-old Stephen Youngkowski
and his seven-year-old brother Tony by
a present of a pair of skates, They had
got them a few days before the holiday
and had planned to use them on Monday
on a pond near their house, They lived
in East Patchogue, L. I. The day proved
to be fine, but their father, Franeck Young-
kowski, broke in upon their plans by com-
pelling them to pile wood, This the boys
did until about 11 o'clock, when their mother
told them they must go to Patchogue, about
a mile away. to get some groceries. Here
was their chance. They went away taking
the skates with them.

They did not return, and in theafternoon
the father began to make inquiries, That
evening and all night he prosecuted the
search with the help of neighbors, All
the ponds in the immediate vicinity were
examined, but it was not until Christmas
morning that Dunton Lake, some distance
away, was searched. :

There on the ice was discovered the hat
of one of the boys and near it a break in
the ice partly frozen over. This told the
whole story. The ies were soon re-
covered.

TWO CONDUCTORS TO A CAR.

San Francisco's Scheme for Lessening
Danger From Overcrowding.

San Francisco, Dec. 25.—Chief of Police
Dinan has returned no answer to the Grand
Jury's questions as to his failure to enforce
the street car ordinances in regard to over-
crowding cars.

Grand Juror Sonntag, who has had this
matter in charge, is inclined to believe that
the ordinance against overcrowding cars
was passed in the interest of the United
Railroads, for if the police do not enforce
it then the railroad can interpose this aa a
defence to damage suits brought by injured
passengers.

All cars at morning and night are so
heavily overcrowded that conductors are
unable to look after the safety of passengers
and accidents happen frequently. Cars
whose capacity is sixty carry from 150 to
200 gers.

The Grand Jury proposes to enforce the
rule that every car during crowded hours
must carry extra conductors w
it shall be to collect fares, leaving the ragy-
lar conductor to look out for start and
stopping the car and for the safety of pas-
sengers. This would reduce chances of acci-

ith the present overcrowding.

THE STUDENT KING” PLEAS

LINA ARARBANELL APPEARS IN
LIGHT OPERA IN ENGLISH,

os : wee

 

Alexander Clark and Henry Coote Chief
Among Her Support —R eginald De Ko.
ven's Music Finds More Favor Than the
Mange MBook—A Fine Stage Setting.

Henry W. Savage's presentation of Regi-
nald de Koven’s latest light opera, “The
Student King,” at the Garden Theatre last
night was cordially received by an audience
which filled the house.’ Mr. Savage was
called before the curtain at the claoe of
the second act with Mme. Lina Abarbanell,
the former Metropolitan Opera House
singer, who plays the leading réle, and was
practically compelled to acknowledge the
crowd's tribute.

Mr. Savage intended to make “The
Student King” more pretentious than the
ordinary Broadway light opera but not
so classic as the run of productions at the
Hammerstein and Conried opera houses.
The play has plenty of catchy songs in it
which took the fancy of the first night
audience in a way that promises well.

The stage settings were good and the
costumes more attractive even than those
of most of the Broadway comic operas
which depend upon that feature as one of

their chief bids for popularity. The prin-
cipals in the cast are supported by a chorus
of 100 voices, and in addition Mr. Savage

has introduced a special orchestra of thirty-
five pieces.

The book will not, however, attract much
attention for its humor. This is a fair
sample of the puns: “My cheeks are on
fire.” “Yes, E thought smelled paint
burning.” Alexander Clark as Rudolph,
King of Bohemia, furnishes a good deal of
fun, but his appearance is chiefly respon-
sible for that,

Mr. Clark's legs in tights are a pretty
good match for a pair of lusty toothpicks.

There is a children’s scene in the play
which met with generous applause last
night, Six little girls toddle in with six
little boys, and the boys carry them off in
wheelbarrows.

the play has just enough plot to make
possible a lot of almost impossible situa-
tions. The setting of the opera is in Prague,
Bohemia, and the time A. D. 1600. Rud: ‘p.
King of Bohemia, is to leave his throne for

twelve hours in accordsiee with the custom |

in his country, and a student King is to be
chosen.

Francis (Hecry Coote) is the selection
made by the students. Francia is the King's
own son, who was stolen from his cradle
when an infant by one of the King's de-
signing councillors, Grumbleko/¥, who was
the next in line for the throne with the
infant out of the way

Jlaa, Princess of Tyrol (Mme. Abarbane!l),
has come to Prague
of a husband. She wants to seehim and
study him before she discloses her ideatity.
Her cousin, Lady Ann, a Tyrolean noble-
woman, consents to impersonate the
Princess. The real king of Bohemia and
Francia, the student king, both fall in love
with Ilsa, who gives her affections to the
latter, supposing him to be the actual ruler
of the State.

Francia and Rudolph attend the students’
carnival in the same disguises, where Jlsa

ts hold of the old King and declares her
ove just at the right time for Francia to
overhear her. /isa then declares her
pconeiny haat the young Francie repudiates
er,

She dresses up in the disguise of a student

and enters the Fest Hal] of the university |

a few moments before the hour is up for
the student king to abdivate. There King
Rudolph finds her, and at he twelfth hour
of Francis’s reign swears death against
him. But one of his councillors discloses

the fact that the student is bis son, and |

everything ends in harmony
The book of
Ranken and Stanislaus Stange

NEXT WEER'S OPERAS,

Eames and Melba to Appear at the Hival
Opera Houses.

Two new prima donne will enter the
operatic field next week. Mme. Emma
Eames will begin her engagement at the
Metropolitan aid Mme. Melba comes to the
Manhattan to sing for a month with Mr.
Hammerstein's forces. Both singers will
appear for the first time on Wednesday
might and both will appear in Italian operas
Mime. Eames, who is to appear at the Metro-
politan during the rest of the season, will
first be heard in “Tosea,” with Messrs.
Carnso, Seotti and Dufriche, while Mme.
Melba has selected “La Traviata” for her
reappearance, She will sing at the Man
hattan with MM. Bassi and Renaud.

The week at the Metropolitan will begin
with “Faust,” in which Geraldine Farrar
will sing Marguerite. With her will sing
MM. Plangon and Rousséliére and Mme.
Jacoby and Simeoli. On Friday “Fedora”
will be sung by Mmes. Cavalieri and Alten
and MM. Caruso and Scotti. Mme. Sem-
brich and MM. Bousséliére and Journet
will appear in “Lakine” at the Saturday
matinée. “Lohengrin” will be given at
the popular Saturday evening perform-
ance by Mmes. Fleischer-Edel and Kirkby
Lunn and Messrs. Burrian, Goerlitz and
Muehimann, Moriz Rosenthal will be one
of the soloists at the next Sunday concert

with Lina Cavalieri, Marcel Journet and
| Jacques Barr.

“il Trovatore,” to be sung by MM. Dal-

mores and Seveilhac and Mmes. Russ and

i re ee ee

De Cisneros, will Legin the week at the Man-
hattan. “Aida” will be repeated on New
Year's night with the regular cast. On
Friday “Carmen” will be repeated with the
regular cast and at the Saturday matince
“L’Elisir d'Amore” will be given for the

first time. The cast will include Mme.
Pinkert and MM., Bonei, Seveilhac and
Gilibert. At the Saturday evening per-

formance Mme. Donalda will appear in
“La Traviata” with the same cast that sings
with Mme. Melba on Wednesday

 

ACTORS’ UNION STILL FIGHTS

To Prevent the Reinstatement of the Mu-
siclans and Stage Hanis.

A final attempt is being made this week
by the Actors’ Nationa] Protective Union to
get the affiliated organizations to stand out
against reinstating the unions of musicians
and stage hands which were suspended by
the Central Federaved Union for refusing
to order their members on strike in the
Metropolitan Opéra House.

The question whether the C. F. U. will
reinstate these and several other unions
which it has suspended or face the revoca-
tion of ita charter, to be followed by the
organization of a new Central Labor Union,
will come up for a final vote next Sunday.
A circular has been sent out toalithe unions
by the Actors’ Protective Union, which
says that the Chorus Singers’ Union is
liable to be annihilated if the stage hands
and musicians do not strike, although the
opera eeason is in fullswing and both unions
have agreements with the opera house.
The cireular goes on

Can you in your own interest afford to in
dorse such a proposition as the reseating of
two unions which have defied all trades union
principle and the decision of the union move-
ment represented in the Central Federated
Union? On December 30, 1906, your dele-
gates will have to vote whether the resolution
adopted by the A. F. of L. convention is to
be carried into effect by the Central Federated
Union. Can you consistently approve that
part of the resolutions which compels the
organized movement of this city to embrace
the two unions which are responsible for over
one hundred men and women being without
food and shelter to-day and on the streets,
wondering at such fraternity and unionism ?

The Mummers to Piay for Charity.

The Mummers will play “Because She
Loved Him So” at the Waldorf on Thursday
evening of this week under the auspices
of the Tekakeritha Sewing Circle for the

nefit of the St. Joseph's Day Nursery.

here wil! be dancing after the lay. Tick.
ete may be had from Edward d. Connell at
88 Hamilton Terrace.

   

| SUN, W. BUNESDAY ; | UN Ke

incognito in search }

the opera fis by Frederic |

“me

COUPLES WED IN PLATOONS.

Christmas Marriage Boom im Lenden
-Swimmers Defy Frost. °
Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw Son.
Lonpon, Dec. 25.—Christraas Day is one
of the most popular days for marriages
among the London poor, apparently owing
to the temporary comparative wealth
drawn from benefit clubs and Christmas
boxes. The couples were in such numbers
to-day in some churches that they had
to be married in platoons to avoid infer-
' fering with the regular services.
Notwithstanding the frost, some enthus-
iasts here and in Paris celebrated Christmas
day by swimming in icy waters. Eight
men started to race across the River Seine.
Five of them, including an Englishman,
were overcome by the current and the cold
and were picked up by boats. The winner,
a Frenchman, was acclaimed by excited
crowds on the banks and bridges.
Twenty-nine Londoners braved an icy
wind at 7:30 o'clock this morning and swam
110 yards in the Serpentine. They com-
peted for a “Peter Pan” cup, presented by
J. M. Barrie. Several were members of the
Serpentine Club, who never miss a swim on
Christmas Day. They are often compelled
to break through the ice. One to-day cele-
brated his fortieth consecutive Christmas
Day swim.

JAPANESE CHRISTMASING.

 

 

 

Being Here, They Do as We Do, or Nearly,
as Their Proverb Bids.

Christmas was celebrated yesterday by
the Japanese in Greater New York, Chris-'
tians as well as non-Christians, for they
remember the old proverb of their own,
which goes like this: “Entering a com-
munity, follow the customs of the com-
munity.”

Thus at Horie’s in Sands street, Brooklyn,
a Christmas dinner with an enormous
turkey on the table was given, at which
sat a large number of the host's friends,
who after the dinner made themselves gay
by indulging in telling stories and singing
‘songs of their native land.

All along Sands street there are a con-
siderable number of Japanese houses, and
in all these houses Christmas was an occasion
| of merrymaking all day and) all night.
| Especially at the cigar store kept by
O Fuji San, a Japanese woman, there was a
party of the Japanese who played the Jap-
anese game of cards, which in the original
| terminology is called “Hana awage,” mean-
ing matching of cards. The Japanese cards
are somewhat different from the American
cards In size they are not half as large
as the American cards, On these cards are
printed the flowers of cherry, plum, and
other kinds of flora of Japan; the leaves of

ecapes, sceneries, moon and stare, &c.
There are a number of groups of cards
bearing the pictures of things that
classified. And the matching of cards
means the matching of cards of the same
group.

Maejima'’s restaurant was overcrowded
with the holy day guests which taxed the
little light footed O. Itesan to her utmost
ability to serve raw fish, Japanese soup
and rice to their hearts’ content. In other
| Japanese headquarters in and around
Sands atreet, spirit of celebration reigned
supreme.

in New York there was also a celebra-
tion by the Japanese in Nippon Club and
other Japanese establishments.

There is a little Japanese club called the
| Goichi Club at 225 East Fifty-firat street
fhe manager ef the club, Mr. T. Yokota,
isa Christian. Last night Mr. Yokota and
|} half a dozen clubites, including Misses
Kitagawa and Furuya, Y. Nakatsuka, the
international lawyer, S. Shinogaki, a news-
paper editor, and others, were gathered to-
; gether to celebrate Christmas. The cele-
bration took the form of card playing,
whieh differs from the one played in Secs.

| lyn. A hundred cards are displayed on a
table. On these cards are written the lat-
ter halves of a hundred different Japanese

poems of note
the game surround the table
A man out of the game reads one of the
| poems, and as soon as he reads the first word
of the second part of the poem the players
scramble for the card. One who gathers
| most wins the game. Last nigit the plan
| of the game was somewhat altered and the
layers were divided into two factions.
| fhe cards were equally divided between
the factions. The faction that disposed
of the cards quicker won the game.
| Your reporter discussed with Mr. Nakat-
| suka about the recent development of the
| Japanese question. “It is possible,” said
| Nakatsuka, “that we succeed in getting the
| legislatorsofthiscountry interested in work
ing for the naturalization of the Japanese.”
JineD Hasulaucnt.

SUICIDE LEFT FORTUNE TO Poor,

Woman Affected by San Francisco Disaster
Gives Funds te Several (ites.

Los ANGELES, Cal., Dee. 25.— The suicide
of Mrs. Mary Elsie Balfour, aged 54, who
threw herself into the lake at East Lake
Park last night, reveals that though she
lived alone in a poor shanty she left a large
fortune, mainly to charity. Her body was
found to-day by a park keeper and in a
satchel was the memorandum: “My will
is in little trunk on table. 1 want to be
cremated.”

The will directs that her money in the
Hibernia Bank of San Francisco be dis-
tributed among the poor of San Francisco,
fire victims to have preference. Her funds
in the Copenhagen Bank are left to the
cities of Copenhagen and Nestved to be
distributed by the Mayors of those cities.
Her money in the German Bank of San Fran-
cisco and all other funde are willed to ber
cousins, Julius and Carl Lorentzen = of
Copenhagen, and Peter and Henry Lorentzen
of Nestved. ;

Much jewelry is bequeathed to her sister,
| Edwardine Neilson of Nwwstved. She had
| $1,140 on deposit in Los Angeles banks.
} Her will shows that she was a refugee from

the San Francisco fire and that the disaster
| had affected her mind.

 

 

SSOUTHERN RY.WRECKSINADAY,

| Train Bearing Same Nomber as That Which
Killed Spencer Among Them.

Wasamorton, Dec. 25.—Three wrecks on
the Southern Railroad were reported to
the general office in Washington this morn-
ing.

Passenger train No. 33, the same train
that ran into the private oar of President
Samuel Spencer at Lawyer, Thanksgiving
morning, was derailed at Moncraef Crossing
this morning through a mistake in signals.
John Helmer of Savannah, the fireman,
was killed, and J. W. Urquhart, the engineer,
scalded so badly that he will die. The
passengers were badly shaken up but
none was fatally injured.

About 8:45 last night a rear end collision
occurred at Greensville, S. C., passenger
train No. 38 running into train No. 4. Sev-
eral mail clerks and a few passengers were
slightly injured but nobody was killed.
The wreck was due to the inability of the
engineer on train No. 38 to see the rear lights
on No. #0, which was standing on a curve.
Traffic was suspended four hours on ac-
count of the accident.

At 12:40 this morning, near Liberty, S. C.,
local accommodation train No. 41 struck
through freight No. 74in a headon collision.
The engines were disabled but no lives
were lost. confusion of signals was
responsible.

 

Crowded House at Joe Weber's.
“Dream City,” Joe Weber's new piece,
| which was reviewed in yesterday's Sun,
opened last night to a packed house. Ap-
parently the audience was as well pleased
as the critics who saw the piece the night
before. Calls for encores delayed the p.ece
until it was after 11 o’clock before the first
part was finished,

©

trees, the birds and the beasts, the land- |

are |

Those who take part in

. ia eee "
BER 26, 1906,

TO REDUCE STOCK

’
Prior to the Annual Inventory

Dodd, Mead & Company

Announce a Clearance Sale of

BOOKS

In their Retail Department.

BEGINNING TO-DAY, DEC. 26,

Decided reductions will be made in
Books of all classes.

|

An opportunity to invest Christmas
money to the best advantage.

 

BOOKS AND AUTHORS.

James Bryce, who is to be the English
Ambassador to the United States, is better
known as a man of letters than as a etates-
man. His equipment both for statesman-
ship and literature is well demonstrated in
his latest book, “Studies in. Contemporary
Biography,” aseries of profound biographi-
cal studies of some of the most important
figures in English and American history
in the last half century.

 

Since the late M. Brunetiere lectured
in this country no more distinguished
French author has visited America than
M. Anatole Le Braz, who is now making
a lecture tour of the larger universities and
colleges. M. Le Braz is a poet, a critic
and a writer of fiction. A characteristic
work of his is “Au Pays des Padons,”
which was recently published inan English
translation by Francis M. Gostling under
the title of “The Land of Pardons.” M.
Le Braz is a Breton and an authoritative
interpreter of his peculiar country to the
outside world,

Lucas Malet’s new *The Par
Horizon,” will be brought out early in Janu-
| ary by Dodd, Mead & Co. The book has
been finished practically for some two or
three years and several times announoed for
publication, but it has been kept back for
fresh consideration and revision by the
author. The dominant note of the story
is the invisible life beyond the grave, and it
holds a strong brief for the acceptance and
practice of the Catholic faith as an inspiration
to courageous conduct. The chief personage
is a middie aged bank clerk of Spanish ex-
traction, The Lady of the Windswept Duat
is the principal woman character. The
novel has been the book of the season in
London and is eagerly anticipated by book
lovers here both on account of the promi-
nence of the writer and of the popularity of
her “History of Sir Richard Calmady,”
published im 1901. Lucas Malet is Charles
Kingsley’s daughter and ber real name is
Mrs. Mary St. Leger Harrison

novel,

 

The firat book of the new year for Double-
day, Page & Co. will be H. B. Mariott
Watson's romance “The Privateers,” which
will be published the middle of the month,
It deals with the experiences of an English
heiress who is abducted succeasively by two
fortune bunting Americans, and is said to
have more adventures than “Hurricane
Island.”

On January 19, the centenary of the birth
| of Robert E. Lee, Doubleday, Page & Co.
} will bring out a new edition of Capt. Robert
E. Lee's “Recollections and Letters” of
his father. The original edition has gone
to press seven times in this country, while
in England one large edition has been ex-
hausted

 

| “The Lady of the Decoration” is having
)a rather unusual career. For four months
| after it» publication no reprintings were
required, Then the lady hegan to en-
large her circle of friends #0 rapidly that
a new edition was required every few weeks.
| The beok has been reprinted three times
within the last month, The secret of the
authorship has been well kept and no one
| knows who “Frances Little” is.

 

| “By the Light of the Soul,” Mary EK,
| Wilkins Freeman's novel which is to be
| published in January, is the story of a girl
who married in haste and secretiv and
repents at leisure, finding her path beset
by many temptations and problems

The first of the @eries of lagsons which
the North American Review is giving in
Esperanto appears in the current number.
The pew universal language is strictly a

| phonetic one, There are no silent letters
and each letter has only one sound. All
pounsin the singular end in “o,” in the plural
in “oj”; adjectives in the singular end in
“a” and in the plural in “aj”—all plurals
end in “j.” Esperanto has attracted en-
thusiastic attention in Europe and has
also secured the indorsement of many
scholars and educators in America.

Prince Hohenlohe, whose “Memoirs” have
made such a sensation, was the son of one
of the oldest houses in Kurope, andthrough
his relatives was constantly in touch with
many of tbe important courts of Europe.
One brother was a magnate in Prussia,
another was the confidant of the Emperor
of Austria, a third a Cardinal at the Vatican,
and he married a Russian princeas whose
family were among the most intimate mem-
bers of the imperial court at St. Petersburg.
To his favorable opportunities for hearing
both sides of the story in every diapute, large
and emall, he added the shrewd secrecy of
the diarist, intrusting only to his private
note books the confidences he received on
avery hand,

Mr. Hall Caine's story “Drink,” which
is to be brought out in America, has been
published in several languages and is at-
tracting much attention in Germany. In
England it has reached ita two hundred
thousandth printing.

For picturesque and original literary
criticism one must conault the columns of
the Western newspaper. Speaking of Mr.
Chambers's novel one literary critic says:
“There are a good many people hiking hell-
ward in “The Fighting Chance.’ The story
tells of a young man with an inherited taste
| for drink who meets a beautiful young
| woman with an inherited tendency toward
elopements and divorces and kindred in-
discretions. She is already engaged to a
| man with a vandyke beard, a pompadour,
an eminent social position, and in other re-
apects it would seem the well established
characteriatics of a lulubird. At the close
of the book the girl with the inherited tend-
ency toward divorce discards the lulubird
and marries the man with the inherited taste
for drink, And may the Lord have mercy
on their souls!”

| The romantic episodes in the life of Couns

 

 

Clinton, Governor

|
|

rivate collection
SEsoverca war AL “a
tions in his own writin

A Miniature Kingdom

| Life In a Children’s Library
|

| “Decisive Battles of the Law.
|
|

The Alabama Arbitration

original sources, and
the attention of the whole world

'
the University of Paris, whose studi
and natural death.

Dr. cv tue C. Adams writes on th
tracts

8 Complete Short Stories

by Lawrence M
born, Mary E.
eee

Probably no magazine has ever been able to offer its read-
ers so attractive a prospect as Harper’s Magazine offers for 5907.
Commander Peary will write next month of his record break-

ing dash for the North Pole.

covery of the magnetic pole.

the top of the continent.

These are a few things in the field of exploration.
other field of endeavor will be just as rich.

Sir Gilbert ParKer’s Great Serial Novel,
“The Weavers”

      

Caasini, ex-Ambassador of Russia to Wash-
ington, and the mystery that surrounded
the young Countess Cassini, whom the
société diplomatijue accepted as hie niece,
are said to have furnished the materials
for Miss Taylor's story of “The Imper-
sonator.”. The Cassini ménage aroused

kept its own secrets

“Italian Romance Writers,” by Joseph

of Dr.

eee

and considers chronologically the outstand-

Edmonds De Amicis, Antonia Fogazzaro,
Grazia Deledda and D’Annunzio. It is
a curious fact that Dr. Kennard, though
an American, has publiehed more in Italian
and French than in English, and that the
vogue of bis Italian fiction is second only to
that of D'Annunzio,

The death o
the Rev. Arthur Bel! Nicholls, recalls the
dogged wooing of the poor curate who pro-
posed to the popular author at the height
of her fame. As in the case of the Brown-
ings, the father was furious and the curate
had to leave the parish. But the lovers
corresponded privately until he carried
his point, and the marriage took place
without the Rev. Patrick Bronté’s pres-
ence. The curate and the gifted lady
lived happily together for nearly a year,
when she died. For more than half a cen-
tury he has lived quietly on his farm in
jreland honoring the memory of his wife
and respecting her family secrets,

A pleasant account of Kipling’s Sussex
home is given in J. J. Hissey’a recent
book, “Untravelled England.” “You be
a-tourin,’” said a Sussex policeman to Mr.
Hiasey when he stopped his motor to ask
the way. “Mr. Kipling,” continued the
policeman, “him as writes the books, he
lives down that lane.” Mr. Hissey tells
of the gray century old walls of this house,
Batemans, Burwash, of ita comfort and
beauty and of the happy way in which
Mr. Kipling has restored it.

house where he has lived so long amid the
beautiful scenery of Hindland in Surrey.
The house, as those who have enjoyed ita
hospitality know, was called “Undershaw.”

his wife's health, and now she is dead.

“The Life of the Empress Eugenie” has
been written by an English author, Jane
T. Stoddart, who seems to be more in aym-
pathy with the stricken woman in her re-
tirement in Kent than with the brilliant

LL LG OL LL CL LL ECCLES ty <r nanmanene

Charlotte Bronté’s busband, |

ARPERS

FOR JANUARY

New George Washington Letters

A group of letters, writen by George Washington to the broth
of New York, and General J
missing from the published Clinton co
f the greatest importance and )
Vashington’s New Jersey campaign, with annota-
. is reproduced with the letters.

 

Bqbere Shackleton writes of a little visited independent kingdom within
& few hours of Paris, a kindgom with an army of 900 men, one-sixth of whom
kingdom whose capital was once one of Europe's

compoge the a
atrongly forti cities. Dlustrated wi
kell, r uoed in tint.

Child life as seen in @ public library.
She tells of the curious demands of thechildren, of their yerymne litera
of their confidences, and of innumerable quaint, amusing ani
dents which come under her observation.

. One of the most striking %, Mr, Jioderiok Trevor Hill's seriea on the
r.

hia picture of thia great international lawsuit, on which
wae centred, is intensely interesting as viewed
trom both a dramatic and a legal point of view.

Have We An Instinct For Death?

| A scientific article of a most paneued pers.
n
attention, discusses in @ most readable way the peenemeene of sleep, fatigue
His researches | hold that each individual
has within him an inatinct of natural death.
observations In this fleld is most interesting.

Unexplored Portions of the World

Few people know that there are to-day vast and entirely unexplored
territories on every continent except marene- even on our own continent.
UnlisnAl Bt

how the map makers are constantly
at work adding newly acquired knowledge of the explorera to the world
geography. Each vear the unknown territory decreases, but it ia atil! im-
mense.

ve remained unexplored and

t, Thomas A. Janvier, Marie van Vorst, Georgia Wood Pang-
ilkins, Jennette Lee, etc., etc.

great Norwegian explorer, will tell of his remarkable achieve-
ment in bringing his ship through the long sought Northwest
Passage—a feat never before accomplished—and of his dis-

Dr. Frederick Cook will tell how,
after repeated discouragements, he and his party scaled the
heights of Mt. McKinley, more than 20,000 feet, and reached

 

much speculation, but the Russian Embassy |

Spencer Kennar|, which is announced for |
early publication, is essentially a translation |
Kennard’s “Romanzie Romanzieri —
Italiani,” which was published in Florence, |

ing Italian fictionists, including Massimo, |

   

"

yo) George

LL ow Chaaen. ii nee
ence, a eir discovery

Oe interest. A newly

    
     
          
      
      

oat
unusual drawings by Ernest Has-

        
    

The writer is herself a librarian.
tastes,
pathetic inci-

       

has made a atudy of his aubject from

Professor Metchnikof of
field have attracted such wide

him to
His account of his personal

ibject. He tells why these great

Later Captain Amundsen, the

Every

 

    

 

RARE —Casanova, History of Flagellation, Moll
Flandera, Apuleius’ Golden Ags, PRATT. ‘rather,

    

 

INSTRUCTION.

Business Colleges,

“PACKARD means THOROUGH’—¢oth year

ACKARD

COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
4th Avy, & 23d St. Day & Evening.
Closed for Christmas holidays. Reopens
Wednesday, Jan. 3. Office open every
ime ss day for registration of stadents.
Individual tnstruction, Enter at any time
without disadvantage.
‘The school that makes a specialty of
each studenot."’

  

Miscellaneous.

FOREIGN LANGUAGES TAUGHT AT HOME
by Phonograph. INTERNATIONAL CORRE-

 

SPONDENCE SCHOOLS, Box 962, Scranton, Pa.

 

consort of the unfortunate Napoleon IIT
Whether this publication of the affairs of a
venerable lady will be agreeable to her or
not is a question. The “Life” concludes
with a touching little sketch of the so-called
“ex-Empress,” an old lady of 80 whose
“clear intelligence remains undimmed” end
whose “sympathy for human joys and sor-
rows leaves but few intervals for melan-
choly brooding.” The great joy of her old
age is (o see her goddaughter, to whom ehe
is devoted, Queen of Spain.

Mrs. John La Touche, who died recently
in Dublin, was the mother of Rose La Touche,
the “Rosie” of Ruskin's Prerferita and the
lady he very much wished to marry, ale
though she was young enough to be his
granddaughter. The two were separated
on religious grounds, she being a Roman
Catholic. A writer in the Freeman's Joure
nal, giving his impressions of the Irish girl
from memory, looking back through a
quarter of a century, says:

She wasa very lovely girl, with deep blue eyes,
flaxen hair, exquisitely chiselled features. somewhat
aquiline nose and mouth Indicative of firmness.

' She had chosen all knowledge for her provinee end

Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is giving up the |

He went there chiefly for the benefit of |

Pearl Necklaces

 

 

of the finest quality,
in all sizes,

but rare jewels of all kinds

in great variety.

Inspection Invited.

HOWARD & CO.,
264 Pifth Avenue.

had not only the usual young lady ike accomplish
ments of knowledge of the modern languages and
music but was an admirable Greek and Latin scholar,
with a considerable acquaintance with the Hebrew
language. She was very brillant in conversation
and had an encyclopedic memory. She waa
moreover, an accomplished horsewoman, a writer
not merely of admirable prose but of sonnets, bots
in English and German, of unquestionable power.

Maxim Gorky's play which has been pro-
duced in Berlin proves to be an arraignment
of authority, its closing sentence, pro.
nounced in a court of justice, being “Not
he who strikes the blow is the murderer
but he who drives him to it.”