ad

RQ

.

 

 

 

~ VOL. LXVIL—NO, 156.
NO REPORT FROM BULLER,
TUE REVORTED sme Se OF THE

TUGCLA NOT CONFINWED,

Indications That Methuen Is Getting More
Men and Guns and Will Again Try

Mifohonug Probably Not

Advance Re-

lieved Four Victoria Crosses Awarded,
tpanal Coble Despathes to Tan Sus,
Lonpoy, Feb 3 What is happening on the

Tugela River is still unrevealed, The rumor
that Gen. Buller has again crossed the river is
neither confirmed ner denied, The War OMce
issued nothing and the censor looks after the
eorrespon dents rhe despatch from
Brearman’s Camp is dated Jan. 31. It says

*Toeday passed quietly, with the exception
of the firing of alow shelis from Mount
at the Boer 4 Opposite Potgieter'’s
Drift. The troops have qnite reeoverod from
last week's fehting aod are eager to resume,
It isrumored in camp that the Drakensberg
passes are only siightly held and the opportu.
nity is likely to be avafled of forn dash of cave
alry and horse artillery.”

A report comes from Cape Town that Gen
Jord Methuen is being rapidly and effectively
reenforeod Tucker's departure from
Cape Town is regarded as important and
indicating that the Seventh Army Division
which is now arriving at the Cape, will be
added to the foree at Modder River. A battery
of horse artillery that) just) arrived from
India bas been sent thither, and it is stated
that more naval guns are being taken from the

latest

\liee

sihiOns

Gren,
as

warship Barracouta at Past London for the
aame destination, None of these reports is
later than Jan, 41, and nothing to confirm

them has been reeeived from Modder River,
whence, indeed, it is reported that an advance
is not expected for three or four weeks.

Gen. French, who visited Cape Town to con-
sult with Gen. Lord Roberts, returned to
Rensburg on Jan. $1 and resumed reconnoit-
ring, but nothing of consequence resulted,

According to the ('/hroniele’s correspondent
at Sterkstrom, who telegraphs under date of
Feb. 1, Boer reénforcements are arriving at
Btormberg. The Boers have repaired the
railway between Aliwal North and Burghers-
dorp, which they destroyed when they first
crossed the frontier, and trains are now
running over it. The same correspondent re-
cords rumors that Commandant Steyn has
been recalled from the command of the Free
State forces in Natal to defend the southeast-
ern border

The Queen yesterday received the following
telegram, dated Jan. 27, from the Mayor of
Mafeking:

“Mafeking, upon the one hundredth day of
the siege, sends its loyal devotion to your
Majesty and the assurance of its continued re-
solve to maintain your Majesty's supremacy in
this town.”

It will be seen that no reference is maue to
the relief of the town, which was litely rumored
to have been effected on Jan. 28, The latest
detailed news from Mafeking is dated Jan, 17
and was sent by way of Gaberones. It shows
that there had been no encounters beyond the
usual long range fiving. Ratious had teen re-
duced, anid had been deprived of
their oats, which were being stored for future
consumption by the inhabitants of the town,
The matches and all the canned. milk in the
place had been commandeere | The theft of
these articles, even of asingle box of matehes,
was treated a3 @ serious crime. The people
were cheerful, with the exceprion ef a few
grumbilers.

Col, Pinmer had some unimportant skir-
mishes with the Boors at Gaberones on Jan. 28,
The Crocodile River is flooded and Rhodes's
Drift is probably unfordable and will remain
sountil March. It is presumed, therefore, that
the Boers will not return to that point.

Four Victoria) Crosses and nineteen dis-
tinguished service medals for the attempt to
rescue the guns at Colenso are the
first rewards for valor allotted during
the war. Col. Long whose error caused
the loss of the guns and whom = Gen,
Buller virtually accused of disobeying orders,
is defended by the correspondent of the Vorn-
ing Jost in @ message printed to-day. He
ascribes the loss of the guns to an error
in judgment. He the fact that
it was believed that) there were no
Boors south of the Tagela River, and says,
moreover, that the position Col. Long gained
Was woderneath the fre of the enemy's big
guns and enabled the complete silencing of
Fort Wylie, The error Was not attributable
either to rashness orto wneapacity

Co!. Long is one of the most dashing gunners

  

horses

recails

of the horse artillery and is a great author.
fty on artillery, He materially contributed
to the vietory at Ondurman,. When
he was terribly woundel = at Colenso
he behaved with great gailantry. The vor.
respondent appeals to the press and the
public to pvdge ge rous'y and moderately this

 

distinguished reputation was
hau error, which was not the
Col. Long's condition is

oMeer, whose
stricken throu
greatest of this war
Low most grave,

Mr. Knight, the wounded correspon tent of
the Morning Post, has returned here, He says
that Julian Ralph, another correspondent, was
hitinthe abdomen at Belmont by a piece of
epent shell, receiving a painful but not serious
wound,

Lonpos, Feb. 2.-A despatch to the
from Cape Town, dated vesterday, saya

“Icis not improbable that the Doerresistanes
Will collapse with unexpected suddenness and
that the troops now in South Afriea will prove
more than adequate. A widespread rising of
the Dutch or natives is very unlikely. Never.
theless, no risks should be taken. Fvery
British soldier and every volunteer thatean be
raised should be sent immediately, even before
Lord Roberts asks for them, in order to make
ready for any emergency, And they should
not come in driblets, as stopgaps when the
mischief has already been done.”

The Queen has conferred the Vietoria Cross
on Capt. W.N. Congreve of the Rifle Brigade;
Lieut. the Hon, POW. S. Roberts, ae
(Lord Roberts's son': Corporal G,. E

 

Times

censeil
Nurse of

 

the Sixty-siath Battery of Field Artillery and
Capt. H. L. Need of the Soventh Battery of
Field Artillery, for bravery at the battle of

Colenso, when they attempted to save the guns
captured by the Boers

The first batch of wounded mon belonging to
the naval contingents serving in South Africa

  

@rrived in England to-day. They are moatly
skilled gunners. They say that the Boers’
Maxim-Nordenfeldt) one-pound quick-flring
g@uns have a most demoralizing «feet on the
British, These guns ure made in Png'and, but
they are not supplied to the Lritish troops
MIVS POR PXGILISH GINEO ins,

A Basuto Chief Tells Them How They May
Be Able to Whip the Boers,
Spreve! Cable Pert »Tiin Sus
Care Tows, Feb. 1, 1:05 PD M--A Basuto
chief who is loyal to the English writes the
fo'lowing letter to the Cape Argy
“Lam grieved to hearof the brave English-
men losing so many lives unnecessarily, Lam
only anative, but Lknow the Boers, You are
abletoronsult the heads of de: artnents who
may pass on wiat Tsay, lwish [were dead;
then [would fly tothe Bnglish chiefs and urge
my plans

   
 

“The Boera ore intrench ol in sehanzes
(breastworks! behind loopholes Let them
sturvethere, Let Gen, Garacre wateh them at

Stormberg; then march another army toward
Bloemiontein, The Boers wil say: ‘What
now? Are the EFuglish getting behind us or
marehtog on Bloemfontein? Thev will leave
to defend their homes, Then Gen, Gatacre

 

SSS StS sss SSS Ss sss hess sesesessseeessssssn

   
 

“NEW YORK,

 

willbe freeto march on and join the others,
The Boers in Natal will begin toshake. In one
day their camps will be empty. The Boers
love their wives and children and sheep and
will go to their support,

“Why do the English drive straight against
toer fastnesses? A wildeatin a ho'e tears bull-
dogs’ noses, Watch tho holeand getin behind,

“Lfeel burning in heat of mind. The war-
riors desire to see the Boers smashed, They
treat the natives badly. Wo have peace and
equal justice under the English, IL wish I
could see the English chief and urge what is in
my heart.”

BULLER'S ADDRESS TO HIS TROOPS,

He Held Out Hopes for the Speedy Relief of
Ladyvamith,
Seorcval Cab'e Despath to Thr Sus
From Tar Sus's Correspondent with Gon
forces,

SpranvaM’s Camp, Jan, 30, 0:20 2. M.-Tue
correspondent accompanied a strone
reconnoissance to Hongers Poort
Two spans of the bridge were de-

Buller's

RUN'S
eavalry
Bridge.
stroved,

Gen Bulleraddr ssed the troops last night,en-
couraging thein to continue their good werk. He
congratulated them on their past efforts, which,
he sail, had not been wasted. He held out
hopes for the speedy rellefof Ladysmith. The
British ofleers and troops are still confident
and in good spirits. A game of polo was played
yesterday.

Col, Wynne has been appointed Brigadier-
General to succoed Gen, Woodgate

The weather is much eolder and judgine
by appearances considerable rain is coming.

During the past week Lieut. William, com-
manding a picket of Bethune’s mounted in-
fantry, reports that he has accounted for
twenty-one Bogrson the roal between Colenso
and Potgieter’s Drift who were flring across
the riverata point where the wagons have to
pass,

The general opinion among the oMcers here
is that Co}, Thorneyeroft wasright in ordering
the retirement from Spion Kop

MODDER RIVER VELDT
British Believe the Boers Are Screening
Their Movements With Smoke.
Special Ca'le Desnat hto Tar Srs,
From Tur Svuy's Correapondent with Gen. Methuen’s
Forces
Moppen River, Feb. 1, 3:10PM

ON FIRE,

A great

fire has been burning along the veldt since & |

P.M. yesterday, Itis two miles in length and

extends along the plain between Jacobsdal and |

Kopje's Dam. Some of the PritishoMeers be-
lieve that the fire was started by the Boers to
screen the movement of some of their forces
who have been summoned to the castward
Tho fire burned all night and it is believed
that under cover of the smoke some of the
recent reénforeements that have arrived at
Magersfontein marched in the direction of the
Jarkly Westand Komdodsberg ? districts, The
British long range artillery, on the left front,
threw shella in the direction of the Boe:
tion, The Boers shelled the British from the
west for ha!fan hour in the forenoon, probably
to cover the movement referre| to. Their
shells hit nobody. Tha Boer losses, if any, are
unknown.

The British troops here are eager for an
aggressive inovement to begin,

posi.

MARCONI'S WORK IN SOUTH AFRICI,

Commanication Without Wires Between
Points Seventy Miles Apart.
Special Cab'e Peipa'ch to Tur Sun
Lonpos, Feb. 2—In a lecture before tha
Royal Institution to-day Signor Mareoni de-
seribed the use of his wireless telegraphic ap.
paratusin South Africa. He said that when he
reached De Aar there were no poles and he
thorefore flew kites to which wires were
attached. Success was erratic owing to the
variability of the wind, a kite soaring at one
station whon there was no wind at another
When poles were riggei he achieved a

 

 

 

record, connecting De Aarand Modder River, |

which are seventy miles apart. Thestory that
the iron Inthe hills interfere with the mes-
siges Was nonsense, Two men volunteered to
attemptto dodge the Boers and take the ap-
paratus to bimberley, but Gen. Methuen re-
fused to allow the men to go

The War Off_ea had been iinpressed by the
success of the system, and waa granting
facilities which it was indisposed at first to
grant. It was sending out numbers of small
balloons to carry wires, enabling portable
installations,

 

NO ARBITRATION, SAYS BALFOUR,

Mr. Goschen Appeals to the House of Com-
mons to Support the Government.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Lowxpon, Feb, 2.-In the House of Commons
to-day Mr, A. J, Batfour, the Government
leader, said that arbitration between
Britain and the Transvaal was not applicable
in the ; resent circumstances

In reply to a question Mr, Brodrick, the
Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs,
denied that there had been any communica.
tions with the Powers in reference to the hos-
tilities in South Africa.

Mr. Goschen said that every reverse had
brought a deeper sense of the heavy burden
and an increase of wearing tension to the
Government. Heappealed to the House not
to lame the arm of the executive braneh of the
Government. “Support he said, “and,
God willing, we will! fulfll our trust.,”

ENGLAND'S RIGHT OF

us,”

SEARCH,

Terms of the Agreement With Germany—
Delay in the Mashona Case,

‘pecial Coble Despalches to Tae Sc

Lonpow, Feb, 2.—In the House of Commona
to-day the Rt. Hon, William Brodrick, Under
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, said that
the German Government had undertaken to
feo to it that nothing contraband of war was
shipped py Germans to South Africa. The
British Government had agreed that German
mail steamers should not be interferred with,
except under the gravest suspicion

Cape Town, Feb, 1.—In the case of the seized
steamshio Mashona, which was carrying Am-
erican flour to Deiagoa Bay, the Supreme
Court has decided not to give an order for the
confiscation of the at present. The
owners have three weeks in which to show

thatthey had no intention of tradiog with the
Boers

vessel

MEETING

PRO-BORL IN PIINNE.
Three Thousand Persons Send a Resolution

of sympathy to Dr. Leyds,

  

Speval Cable Despatch lo The Sts

Vienna, Feb. 2.-Herr Bley, a Pan-cierman'e
writer of Berlin, to-day addressed a pro-oer
meeting here which was attended by S000
persons, A resolution of sympathy was sent

to Dr. Leyds, the diplomatic agent of the
Transvaal, The Dateh Minister and British
Attuche were present

Deaths From Disense at Ladyamith,
Speccul Coble ( espateh o THe SUN

Lonpoy, eb, 2.—The War Office announss

that there were twenty deaths from disease at

Ladysmith on Feb. 1.

Baby Killed by His Two-Vear-Old Sister,

Moltke Lehman, five weeks old, died at his
home, 75 Allen street, last night, of injuries
inflleted three weeks ago by his two-year-old
sister Bessie, Bessie struck him on the head
aceidentally with & Wooden toy whistle and
fractured his skull,

 

A Cure for Insomnia,

A ride from New York to Chicago over New York
Central Lines, #0 smooth and luxurious you can

t
eep awake a(terdark, Trains illuminated by Pintech
+ Ade,

PLEDGED TO NEUTRALITY,

OBSTACLE 10 OUR OFFER OF MEDIA-
ION IN THE BOER WAR,

 

 

We Cann Apply the Provisions of The
Hague Treaty, Vecause in That
We Are Pledged Not to Ioterfere in
the Affairs of Foreign Nations tn Ret
for the Pledge of the Signatory Powers

Doctrine,

Treaty

 

to Observe the Monroe

Wasuincton, Feb. 2.—A persistent effort is
being made to induce this Government to take
the first step toward a practical application of
the mediat.on provisions of The Hague Con-
ference treaty to the war between Great Brit-
ain and the Boer Republics, Resolutions
adopted by public meetings and by permanent
organizations looking to that end are being
received al the State Department, and the
President and Seeretary of State are getting
scores of letters from individuals all over tha
country, urging the Administration to seek to
being about the end of the war.

The statement attributed to Senator Mason
of [ilinois, that Montagu White, the Trans-
vaal's privateagent in America, had been in-
formed by the Seeretary of State that the
United States could not offer mediation be-
cause The Hague treaty had not been ratified
by the Senate, does not fully or fairly repre-
sentthe position of this Government. There
is avother and more important reason why this
Governmeut will not become a party to medl-
atory proceedings, which would be just as
much ap obstacle to American Interference if
The Hague treaty had become operative.

Iu that treaty all the signatory nations
bound themse!ves tothe observance of an in-
ternatioual rule of which little has been said
and its importance and extent almost entirely
overlooked. In eifect, this rule is a general
agreement, binding all foreign nations who
are parties tothe treaty to recoguize and obe
serve the Monroe doctrine, and, in turn, the
United States bind themselves to keep from
mecdling in the political affairs of any foreign
country, The Government has not exploited the
important victory whieh it won at The Hague
in securing « World-wide recognition of its
traditional policy concerning purely American
afYairs, for the reason that such a course might

bring about oppos:tion in foreign countries to

the ratification of the treaty, on the ground
that the United States were getting altogether
too much benefit from the Monroe Doctrine
declaration, DButit is now realized that the
Position of the Government must be fully ex-

plained to prevent a misconeeption of its atti+
tid mneerning the proposal that mediation
be offered to Great Britain and the Transvaal
That the scope of the declaration of the Hague
Conference may be understood. it is here
given

“Nothing contained in this convention shall
be so construed as to require the,sUnited States
of America to depart from its traditional policy
bot intruding upon, interfering with, or
entangling itself in the political questions of
or internal administration of any foreign

 

 

t
ot

 

 

Pouey
state; nor shall anything contained in the said
convention be construed to imply a relinquish-

ment by the United States of America of its
traditional attitude toward purely American
questions”

In other words, the United States intend
that they shall not as a nation be draw into
foreign quarre!s through the application of the
mediation provision of the Hague convention,
and they expect, aad are so assured, that for-
eign cConntrics Will pursue the negative policy
oi “hands oT” io reiation to the alvairs of three
Americas,

President McKinley, in his laat annual mes-
sege, called attention to The Hague deciara-

 

 

 

tlon without going into details as to its im-
portance, explaning it in these words
“While earnestly promoting the idea of es-

 

tablishing a permanent international tribunal,

the delegation of the United. States (at The
Hague) was not unmindlulof the inconven-
iences which might arise from an obtrusive

exercise of meditation, and in signing the con-
vention carefuily guarded the historic position
ot the Luited States,” by the following declur-
ation, Which is that quoted above

A Government off ial of the highest stand-
ing said to THe SUN reporter that he regarded
the decvaration as the mostimportant matter
afecting the toreign relations of the United
States sinevs the promulgation of the Monroe
Doetrine: in fact, he added, it is of greater im-

 

  

) portanes than President Monroe's lamous an-

| trat to
‘of the

houncement to the world, because it was the
al recownition by ali the great nations
jicy of Amerneca for Aimericans,
Another prominent oficial said:

"Without that declaration The Hague treaty
might failot ratification by the Senate; with it
in the treaty no Senator, with the interests of
the country at heart, can afford to vote against
‘The Hague Convention. tis my opinion that
the declaration will prevent the United States
from offering trediation to the British and to
the Boers, orin joining in any general offer,
unless we are requested to doso by both bellia-
erents: but the importaoee, the far-reaching
effect and the benefit to be derived by the
United states from the declaration are such
that they entirely outweigh the reasons for any

 

 
 

  

 

  

) general desire on the part of the people of this

} country
(Great |

to have the Government
party tothe British-Boer war,”
Putting aside all other considerations that
would deter it from offering mediation, the
Government of the United States would still

become a

be deterred by the declaration quoted from |

taking the initiative in tendering good offees

tu the belligerenta in south Africa or becom-
ing a party to a kuropean concert for that
purpose The Government's position toward

the warisnowthe same aa it was when hos-
tilities began. ‘This atutude was explained by
President Mehiniey in his annual message as
follows:

“This Government has maintained an atti-+
tude of neutrality in the unfortunate contest
between Great Britain and the Boer States of
Africa. We hive remained faithful to the pre-
eceptolavoiding entangling allianves as to af-
fairs not of our direct coneern, Had e¢ireum-
stance suggested that the parties to the quar-
rei would have welcomed any kindly expression
of the hope of the American people that war
might be avoided, good ofees would have been
wladly tendered,’

 

FOUR-HOUCK CAR BLOCKADE UV'TOWN,

Half the Lines North of Fiftieth Street
Useless Through Grounded Current,
One of the worat blockades in the history of
the Metropolitan Street Railroad occurred on
its uptown lines last night. The trouble began

at 8:50 o’elock, when flames were observed
coming from thetrotioy slot in LOOth street,
just enst of Amsterdam avenue, in the

spur that runs from the Amsterdam avenue
line to the Seeoud avenue line, This showed
that the current had been grounded ina vault
at that point used to repair the trolley ploughs,

The soon foreed to stop, The
flames kept getting higher and higher. Work-
me tried to put them out by throwing
supd on them, but without success They
could not throw any water and the vault had
become so hot that noone eould Venture into
it, Atlast word was sentto the power house
at W4uth street, and the power was shut off
from Sixty-fifth street to the northern termi-
lhtis.

Jhoservice of the Amsterdam Avenue Line
wis completely bioeked trom Sixty-fifth street

ears were

 

north Thevors at Sixty-tifth street and on
that seetion of the road running along Colum-
bus avenue to Filty-ninth street and then over

to Sinth avenue and Liltieth street also becume

rom down.

 

eonmested from e cars that came
town
Ine workinen had to wait until the vault in

suffliently to allow them
the trouble. When the
hit was almost midnight,

Jitith street cooled
toenteritand rege
power was turned

 

ON MS

But Quick Action Saved a Broadway A, C,
Spectator's Diamonds,

RING N PVED VINGER,

At the prizeflght at the Broadway A.C, last
nightamanseated inthe bleachers suddenly
sprang from hisseat with a yell, looked at the
little tinwer of his left hand and without heed-
Ing the inquiries of two friends who accom.
bunied hina plunged down the erowded seats
and disappeaced beneath them. His friends
followed und presentiy all three came baek
looking happy. The man who had yelled
clutched the two halves ot a three-stone dia-
mond ring which had been eut in twoon his
finger but had dropped to the ground before
the crook using the flager nippers could catch
it, The Jucky man said ho was Charigs Barnett
of 118 Weet iwenty-sixth street,

 

 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1900,2COPYRIGHT,

 

 

| the

”

wa”

MINY CHILDREN INJURED,

Fire in a School at Trenton Forces’ Them
to Jump From Windows,

TRENTON.N, J.,Feb.2—A fire in the Livingston
publie school in Rose street this afternoon
caused a panic among its B00 children, Not a
fow of them jumped from windows and some
of them are badly malmed, Loretta Shaw, 12
yoars old, is not expected to recover,

Those severely injured are:

AUL, Fre prrtcK, 14 yoars old, leg broken, taken t>
Mereer Hospital,

BuacKPoub, ALLIF,
eut: taken home,

Consky, Ev\, LO years old, head badly cut; taken
home,

Hownerr, Leon, 9 years old, feet injured; taken to
Mercer Hospital,

LisNnina, be KOKA, 10 voara old, right arm broken,
bead cut and eye badly injured, taken to Merce:
Hospital

Natox, Henex, » years old, thigh broken, jaw
broken in two plicea, head and body badly cut, she
was taken to St. Francis dospital

SERVIS, FREDDIE, 12 years old, right Jeg broken;
tuken to Mercer Hospital

Siaw, Loneore, severely ont and bruised aud sus
tained serions internal injuries, taken to St, Fran-
cia Hospital

Many others were injured by jamping from
windows or being trampled on in the wild
scramble to escape from the burning building.
Someofthe children were carried away by
their) parents as soon as they could be
found in the exeited throng. That) many
more of the children were not badiy injured ox
even killed is considered a wonder, Many of
them Jumped from the second-story window to
the ground.

When the first ery of fre was heard seores of
men and women of the neighborhoot ran to
the  seene Some brought quilts and
blankets from) their homes. tiroups 0
frightened children acen atthe windows were
urged to jump for thelr lives, and they obeyed
Bingly and in twos and threes they sprang. out
of the burning structure, Gown into the ime

14 years old, face and head

provised lifenets. Strong hands held these
and most of the little ones thus escaped with
bruises, As they landed inthe blankets they

 

tumt outoon the ground. The more
severely injured were those who missed the
quilts and blankets and came on the frozep
ground, There are no Nreescapes on the
school building and there is much indignation
In the city to-night on that aceount

The flre started in a bin ot waste paper in
the cellar, but its origin isa mystery.

S4ID HE HAD FORTY-TWO WIVES,

Walter Farnsworth, a Bigamiat on a Large
Seale, Convicted in Chicago,
Cuicaco, Feb. 2.—Walter Farnsworth, who is
said to have married forty-two women, was
found guilty of bigamy to-day, and his punish-
ment was fixed at imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary and a $1,000 fine, the limit allowed by

Jaw. When Farnsworth heard the verdict he
burst into tears, Mrs, Sarah Mears Farns-
worth, Mrs. Charlotte Ayer Thomas
} and Mrs, Carrie Peppenger brad.
ford, three of his wives, appeared
in Judge Baker's court. One of the women
who claimed Farnsworth as a husband
testified against him. Mrs. Morrison of 11

Centre avenue was called to testify that Farns-
worth had lived at) +r house with Mrs. Sarah
Mears Farnsworth as his wife, The Rey, J.P,
Talley testifed to performing the marriage
ceremony and the wife ofthe minister told of
Witnessing it. With this testimony the prose-
ecution rested, Farnsworth refused to tell his
true name and his place of birth or to admit
truth of @ statement he made when ar-
rested that he had forty-two wives,

SAGE SOLD TO WHITNEY,

Transfer of 5,600 Shares of Standard Gas
Made When the Panic Was Worst.

William C. Whitney waa the buyer of the
Standard Gas Light Company stock that Rus-
sell Sage, President of the company, disposed of
some time ago. Mr. Sago sold 5,400 shares of
preferred and common stock, receiving there-
for between $800,000 and $900,000, and be-
cause he hadn't first told the othor directors of
the gas company what he had done there was
a row, the directors claiming that Mr. Sage
had agreed not to sell unless all the other
stockholders got the benofit of the same terms,
Mr. Sage has since resigned the presidency of
the Standard Gas Light Company

Regarding his sale of stock, there has since
been much conjecture. Mr. Sage merely said
thata Boston Jawyer had bought it, but for
whom, he didn't know, Wall Street's opinion
has been that if William Rockefeller,
who was known to have been negotiating
for it, had not bought the stock, some
interest equally friendly to the consolidated
Gas Company had done so, This last con-
jecture would seem to be correct, for Mr.

Whitney and his friends have within the past
few weeks made an alliance with the Consol-
idated Gas Company which has involved the
turning over to that pompany ofthe New York
Gas and Electric Light, Heat and Power Com-
any andthe election into the Consolidated
voard of Mr. Whitney, Thomas F, Ryan and
Anthony N, Brady,

The sale of Mr. Sage’s stock was made to
Dwight Braman of Boston, acting for Mr.
Whitney. Mr. Braman is nowin this city, and
when seen last night atthe Hotel Cambri ige.
made thia statement:

“The so-called mysterious purchase of the
entire stock of Russell Sage in the Standard
Gaslight Companyv.of New York was made by
me for William C. Whitney, on the day of the
worst panic in Wall Street last December.

| Mr, Whitney alone I found hal suMetent pluck

and power that day to grasp the sftuation,
When financial affairs were at their darkest.

“This gus war in New York has been going
on for many months, an! not only are the en-
tire people of New York vitally interested in
the matter, buc millions of dollars have been
wasted, belonging to the shareholders, with no
result, But with Mr. Whitney holding the key
of the situation, which all others had failed to
obtain, a fair solntion now of the diMeult ques-
tions may be attained. Several million dollars
worth of the stock has been acquired.”

Ata meeting of the directors of the Standar |
Gas Light Company yesterday Frank Tilford
was elected President pro-tem, to sueceed
Russell Sage, and Oliver 8. Carter, President
of the National Bank of the Republic, was
elected Vice-President. Mr ‘Tilford is going
to tnakeatrip South, and in his absense Mr,
Carter will act as president

BOX SOT

He Was Killed by a Trolley Car in Balti-
more and Not Identified,

Bartimork, Feb. 2.—Tho Sioux City, Ta.,
packing box mystery is solved, The man
whose body was shipped from Baltimore was
not murdered, He died at the City Hospital
three hours after he had been struck by a trol-
ley car on the Belair road, a branch of the
United Railways, on Dee. 2, His identity has
never been established, The oMecials of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons say that
they never received the body from the morgue,

and they are holding ap investigation tode-
termine how the body disappeared between the
Morgue and the dissecting roon,

After the accident the man was takento the
City Hospital. He died in three hours. That
evening Coroner Germon beld au inquest at
the contral station, ‘The body was viewed
by the jury and a verdict of aseidental death
wasgiven. The following morning, Dee, 30,
the body wastaken to the morgue, where it
was held for identification No one appeared

 

 

MAN IN THE MURDERED,

  

 

 

to claim it and Coroner Germon,on Jan, 15,
awarded a death certificate. The City
Anatomical Board awarded the body to the

College of Phyatclans and Surgeons, and the
sameday if was taken from the morgue by
employees of the couege

Cudavers are scarce in the West, and the po-
lice believe that the body was shipped from
Baltimore to one of the attaches of the Stoux
City Medical College. It is wellknown that a
trade goes on in winter in the furnishing of
cadavers to colleges, Colleges that are °
fted in small towns, where there is adearth of
material, frequently offer good prices for
corpses shipped to them

sit

Boers’ Friends in Detroit Meet,

Detrorr, Feb, 2.-About 2,000 persons ate
tended the mass meeting of the Uolland Trans-
vaal Kelief Society in Harmonie Hall this even-
ing. The meeting was presided over by Mayor
Maybury. The Hon, Sybrant Wesselius
Grand Kapids was the principal apeaker, iis
suggestion that ai] local Boer retiet societies in
the country be formed into one central body
was indorse | by the meeting

Deerfoot Farm Sausages.

With increasing knowledge of the danger to health
through carelessiy prepared food, consumers grow
more and more fastidious in their selection, “Deer
oon" means purity, daintiness and cleamlimess.—

ty

’

|

 

 

 

ROBBED MAIL BOXES.

TETTERS MISSED THROUGH
THIS SLICK THIEF,

’
I:
4

2,000

 

Caught Grabbing a Handful of Envelopes

Out of a Well Filled Box Downtown
Police and Post Office Clerks Have
Been Watching tor Weeks to Get Him.

A letter-box thief who has caused great an-
poyance and much Joss to business men in the
district between Frank!in street and Wall
atrect was caught last night by the Post Oflice
inspectors

Since late in December the Post Office
authorities have received complaints
that lotters mailed hetween 6 and
7 o’cloek at night jin this district have
not been delivered. From the complaints,
it was estimated that at Jeast two thousand

letters had been stolen in that time, Post OMce
Inspectors King, James and Jacobs went to
work to find out who the thief was and
how he worked, but their efforts avatled nothing,
The complaints kept rolling in. They came
from the American Exchange National Bank,
which said that sixteen letters mailed by the
bank on Jan, 2 had never reached their destin-
ation: from KR. T. Wilson & Co, of 33° Wall
street; from Alexander C, Chase of 12: Maiden
Lane;from the Equitable Life Assurance Bo-
clety ; from the Chieago, Koek Island & Pacifle
Railroad, and from thirty or forty other con-
cerns

Postmaster Van Cott decided two days ago
tiatno pains Were too great to stop the rob-
bers operations, Sothe Post OMee Inspectors
went to the police of the Old Slip,
Chureh street, Leonard street and
Oak street stations, and asked = them
to wateh all persons who approached
letter boxes between the hours of 5 and 0
o clock, Volunteers were called for from the
general working force of the Post Office De-
partment to assist, and forty-two clerks who
volunteered were posted along Broadway, in
Wall street, Nassau street, Church street and
in the busiest streets of the dry goods district

Last night Inspectors King, James and Ja-
cobs saw u nicely dressed young man walk up
to the letter box at Maiden Lane and Nassan
street and spend an undue time in an ap-

irant attempt to mail ahandful of letters
Vheo he left the box they followed him down

Nassau atreet to Park row and thenee to the
Bowery Between Catherine and Bayard
streets they met Policeman Minley, and at

their request he arrested the man. At the Fl-
dridge street station the young man said that
he lived at 21’ Adams street, Brooklyn, In
his pockets were found a stack of letters and
a hundred or more corners of letters
on which the uneancelied stamps still
remained, Oneofthe letterscontained eighty
one certificates of stock of the Atchison, To-
peka and Santa Fe Railroad, whieh had appar-
ently been sent to clients of Kidder, Peabody
& Co. of Boston, There were other letters con-
taining certificates of atock and checks from J.
F Hiteneeck of 330 Broaaway, and Webb &
Myers of 7!) Murray street

“So faras we have been able to understand
the young man's plan,’ said Inspeetor Jacobs
Jast night, “it was his custom to work only in
that part of the business district where
the letter-boxes Were Jammed full
every eveniog. He approached the box
with a number of lettera in his
hand as if he was about to mail them, In his
sretended effort to force the letters into the
cae he would abstract as many as he could get
into his grip from inside the box and slip them
intoareguiar shoplifter’s pocket in his over-
coat. It was a very slick game and we are for-
tunate in having caught him.”

Kiley, as he calls hinself, is not known to the
Post Office inspectors or to the police of this
city, He will be photographed aod measured
by the bertillon system to-day and an effort
will be inade to find out just who he is and
how he made his living up to this time.

OFFICIALS INDICTED,

D, T. AND W,

Supt, Du Pay, Manager Caldwell and Train
Men Accused of Manslaughter,

PaTERsON, N. J., Feb. 2. Indictments have

been found here against leading officials
of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Railroad) for manslaughter in causing
the «death of sevep persons In the

train collision which occurred in this city on
the night before Thanksgiving Day. The
Grand Jury came into court this afternoon,
and it has become known that in the batch
of indictments handed to Judge Barkalow were
six in connection with the Lackawanna disas-
ter, The persons indicted for manslaughter
are: Superintendent Raymond DuPuy, Gen-
eral Trafle Manager B, D, Caldwell, Conduee
tor Gould M. Catwell and Rear Flagman Wil-
liam Snedecker of express train No. 6, which
was telescoped, and Engineer John Kiordan
and Conductor Wiliam Burritt of local train
No. #, which crashed into No. 6 from the rear.
The Grand Jury has been examining wit-
nesses for three days. One of the chief
points dwelt upon was the entire ab
sence of any species of bleck system to
regulate the right of way for trains. It
is no secret to-night that the Grant Jury
wished to indict the raliroad corporation itself
but that Prosecutor Emley decided that. such
an indictment would be of no practical effect
The Coroner's jury held Catwell and Sne-
deeker responsible for the accident but. when
they were charge! with manslaughter Prose-

cutor Emley caused a similar charge to be
Inade against Engineer Riordan of train No,
6. The other indictments were a complete

surprise,

In the mix-up of the trains six persons wera
killed outright, one died afterward, and
twenty-flve persons were severely hurt.
Among the killed was the whole
family of Alexander Craig, business
manager of the Scranton Tribune, including
himself, hia wife and their two daughters.
The others were Charlies Wellbrock, a Corne!|
student living in New York: Mary Burt Roe of
Ithaca and Charles H. White of Ithaca, The
indietments will probably be tried during the
present term of court,

FOOLED A NEWAKK MINISTER,

Escapade of a Runaway Boy and Girl From
Sharon, Mass,

INDIANAPOLIS, Fab. 2.—Acting upon a tele-
gram from Newark, N. J., the police to-day
arrested Lawrence Comey, 18 years old, and
Murrisa Goodwin, aged 11, who were passing
on the way to Louisville. Both feigned ignor-
ance of the English language, and it was
several hours before they could be induced to

 

   

 

talk, When amap of the world was shown to
him the youth pointed to the Orkney
Islands, thus giving the impression that
he was bern there, When searched at the
police station several letters were found in
Comey s pockets, one of them having been
written by the Rev, Charles H. Dodd of the
Peddie Memoriuil Baptist Church of Newark

Ttissaid that Charles and Leoua Patrongschein
landed at) Poston Jan, 24, from the Orkney
Isjands, that they bad been robbed of their
money, Ghoul £50 in gold, by a sharper, that |

they were on their way to Louisville, where an

wunt lived, and as neither underatood
Enwlivt ‘harit¥ organizations should do
everything possible to uasiat them.

‘The letter contained several pages devoted to
their triasandtribulations. The Pollee Super-
intendent fnally took the couple in hand and
the young Man weakened and confesaed that
he hat run away trom his home in Sharon,
Mass, Where the girl also lived, He said he
had cnough money toreach Newark and there
he met the Baptist minister and made up the
storyvof having come from the Orkney Island
Comey says his father is a retired minister

 

A Brother of Ex-Gov, Hastings Convieted,

PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 2.--Mojor William Henry
Hastings, brother of former Gov. Daniel H
Hastings of Pennsylvania, was sentenced to-
day fo two years and six months inthe tern
Penitentiary for obtaining $5,000 under false
pretence, it having been shewn that he had
obtaine | the sum stated from tne Third
National Bank by depositing with {ts [resl-
dent, Gen. Louis Wagner, bogus inveices tor
goods which he aaid had been shipped to
Australia, The erime was committed in Iv

  

Disabled Steamship Outside.

The pilot who brought in the steamship His-
pania, Which arrived last night from Hayti, re-
ported that the Spanish steamer Liona, bound
for Philadelphia, was anchored four miles
southeast of Seotland Jightship with her
rudder broken, Shoasked joratug,  ihere is
no steamship named Liona in the American
record or the Maritime Kegister. The disavied
vewsel may be the Breach ail tank Le Lion
bound from Alivante to Philadeiphia,

| of T. EB, Koeasle, the proprietor of the Arlington

| the ci'y amile away

Otice, 271 Broadway.—duv,

 

HIS EYE

Remarkable Thing That Happened When
James Finnigan Blew His Nose.

CLEVELAND, Feb. 2.~James H. Finnigan was
entertaining company at his home on Melvin
street Tuesday evening when he took his
hankerchief from his pocket and blew his nose,
Those present were horrified to see his leit eye
pop out of its socket and hang by the liga-
ments down his cheek, One young woman
fainted, Finnigan pushed the eye back Into
the socket and in doing so carried the eyelid in
with it. He was blind for the time and the
pain was great. Dr. D. B. Smith had him re-
moved to the Cleveland General Hospital, took
the eye out again and replaced it properly.

POPPED OUT,

 

 

BOLT IN CALIFORNIA,

Thirty Republican Members of the Legisia-
ture Leave the Caucus,

SACRAMENTO, Cal, Feb. 2.—Thirty Repub-

lican members of the California Leg-
isiature who were pledged to vote for
PD. M. Burns for United States Sena-

tor bolted the caucus to-night on the ground
that the conference of Republicans in favor of
Thomas K. Bard was a violation of the caucus
agreement. Bard had fifty-one votes pledged,
but if the caucus is dissolved he will need six-
ty-one votes in Joint-session,

 

AGAINST TRUSTS IN LABOR, TOO,

New Texas Law Applies to Unions as Well
Capitalists,

AusTIN, Tex., Feb ~The Texas Anti-
Trust law, which went into effect on Jan. 31,
does not exempt jabor organizations from its
provisions, and there is much uneasiness on
the part of the labor unions of the State over it.
All combinations formed for the purpose of
fixing or controlling prices in any manner
whatever are prohibited by the new law, and
labor unions, it is said, come within these pro-
visions. Underthe Texas Anti-Trust law of
1805 labor organizatious were exempt, but the
framers of the new law were of the opinion
that its constitutionality might be subject to
attack if such exemption was made,

SENATOR PRITCHARD'S AMBITION,

Southern Republicans Put Him Forward
for Vice-President.

Rateian, N, C, Feb, 2.—S8enator Jeter C.
Pritchard will go to the Republican National
Convention withthe Southern delegates prac-
tically unanimous for him for Vice-President,
aceording to Vice-President Mitchell of the
National Republican League, who has letters
from Republican leaders in every Southern
State. Senator Pritchard represents a Repub-
liean element in the South which is composed
of young men, and is the only Republicaa Sen-
ator from the South,

 

MAY BE SOLD TO FRICK,

Talk of a Transter of the Sparrows Point
Steel Works.

PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 2.—Evans R. Dick, a
Director of the Peansylvania Steel Company,
admitted this morning that there was a proba-
bility of the purchase of the Sparrows Point
plantof the company by Henry C, Frick of
Pittsburg. What price was asked could not
be learne}, but it is said that it would be suffl-
clent to pay off the indebtedness of $6,500,000
of the Pennsyivania Steel Company and leave
abalance., The Sparrows Point plant is near
Baltimore and is the smaller of the two plants
owned by the company. Its capacity Is some.
thing over 300.000 tons.

ISTHMIAN CANAL

 

SURVEY BEGUN,

Work Started by a Party Under Rear Ad-
intral Walker's Direction.
Specral Cable Despatch to Tug Sun,

Conon, Colombia, Feb, 2.—A party from the
American Canal Commission, which is headed
by Rear Admiral Walker, began asurvey ofa
canal route to-day. The American guaboat
Scorpion ie lying at Cardi, on the San Blas
coast.

JEWELS FOUND IN THE SANDS,

 

Strong Winds at Far Rockaway Disclose
Valuables Lost in Summer,

Par Rockaway, N. Y., Feb. 2.—Edgemere,
near the big hotel, is a great ground these days
for beachcombers, While walking along the

beach at Edgemere last Monday afternoon
Matthew McDulfy. a laborer employed about
the Edgemere Hote), saw something elisten in
the sand and discovered it to bea handsome
ring containing two diamonds and a ruby,
Upon taking his find to Mr. Lancaster, the
owner of the hotel, he learned that it wasa
$400 ring belonging toa Washington lady who
had been @ guest at the hotel last summer,
A reward of $50 had been offered for its re-
covery

Postmaster Lamb of Edgemere was the next
Jueky man He found yesterday a diamond
solitaire ring containing a 2-karat stone. A
man named Hickey found a gold wateh and
chain. The finds are directly traceable to the
strong winds which have prevailed for saveral
days. These have blown away the loose sand
and exposed the larger articles which were too
heavy to be blown away.

JOCKEY CLUB'S GIFT TO A LIBRARY,

Historic Kacing Association in Charleston,
S. C., Deeds Away Ita Property.

CuARLESTON, 8, C, Feb, 2.—Some_ historia
property was transferred here to-day when
the South Carolina Jockey Club, a racing as-

sociation which flourished in Charleston for
122 years, decided to disband the organization
and give its holdings as an endowment fund
for the Charleston. Library. The property,
which inelutes the old Washington race
course, is worth $100,000, Under the laws of
the Jockey Club its property could not be soli
andon this account the efforta by one of the
Dwyers a few years ago to buy the racecourse
failed. The ciub was organized in 1734 and
the races given here were the greatest events
of the kina of that time The gift was ae-
cepted by the library association,

CILSEY HOUSE CHANGES HANDS,

E. O, Roessle of Albany to Supplant Mr,
Breslin In Its Management,

The Gilsey House wil! be under new manage.
menton May. E. 0. Roessle of Albany, N. Y.,
is the new lessee, Mr. Roessle was formerly
proprietor of the Delevan House in Albany.
He is a well-known hotelman, and is the son

at Washington,

The Gilsey will be renovated when ita new
manager assumes control, and new furniture
and the other accessories needed to make it
more comfortable and modern will be putin,
The work of refurnishing and improving will
be done in sucha way that it will not be neces-
sary to close the hotel,

ELECTRICITY FROM

     

MIDE POWER,

A Company of New Yorkersto Try Their
Plan in Vancouver Harbor,
Vancouver, B. ©, Feb, 2—The Canadian
Government to-day granted the application of |
a company of New Yorkers who haven plan to
utiize the thle powerin the narrow entrances
to Vancouver harbor, The water flowing in
fromthe Pacifle Ocean through this narrow
pass reaches # high velocity at agertain stage
of the tide, With this power a big electric
plant is to be operated to supply electricity to |

 

 

Says Her Husband Tickles Her Feet.

Arthur Edwards of 312 Rockaway avenue
was before Magistrate Worth yesterday in the
Gates avenue court in Brooklyn ona charge of |
disorderly conduct His wife, Martha Ed.
wards, was the complainant and her ehief
trout le, She said, was caused by the frequent

t ckling of her feet’ by her husband. “Why,”
she said, “he tickles my feet until Lery and he |
Is In dead earnest, too.’ The accused was
paroled forexamination antil Wednesday next.

 

New Orleans and
827.50
From Washington, D. C., via Sonthern Ry, Tickets
On sale Keb. 2uth to soth isclusive, New ot

Mardi Gras, Return, |

 

Pair to-day; f "esh west winds.

TAYLOR DEFIES A COURT

AND IMPRISONS A MAN WHO SERVRS
A LEGAL NOTICE ON HIM,

Democratic Members of the Kentucky Lege
Getting Out an Injunetiog
Which, Their Leaders Say, Will Result
in a Battle if the National Guard Sticke
to Gow, Taylor—Goebel'’s Chance of Gee
log Well Improved—Sworn In Agaime

FRank¥ort, Ky,, Feb, 2.—The townof Pranks
fort still holds upward of 1,200 soldiers. 8
Provost guard ts patrolling the streets, Capitol
Square fs overflowing with troops, the State
buildings are crowded with them, Gatling
guns still point threateningly at the several
entrances of the square, and there are all the
evidences of real war without the fighting,
Another day has come and gone without that
but the soldiers have one prisoner of war,
nevertheless. On the second floor of the State
House ia the Senate chamber, with a company
of soldiers at hand, fea shivering Lon Walker,
He knows that if he tries to escape he will be
shot dead. The story of Lon’s capture is ag
interesting one and will be told in detail later
on, Suffice it to say here that {t was one of the
incidents of the first resort to the law that has
been made in the struggle for the control of
the government of Kentucky

Senator William (ioe be! is still alive, and the
chances of his recovery are considered to be @
little better than they were yesterday, The
doctors continue to insist that these chances
are slight, and that he ought, in fact, be dead,
but he has a strong constitution and ft {ts just
possible that he will pull through. A majority
of both houses of the Legislature have met
again and have again declared him Governor,
and he has officially announced that he is toe
ill to act and has requested Mr. Beckham, whe
ran for Lieutenant-Governor on tho ticket
with him, to act as Governor in his stead.

Goebel's ductors say late to-night that he hae
gained considerable ground and is in muck
better condition,

islature

GOERBEL'S STATE PAPERS DEFICIENT,

Gov, Taylor still has possession of all the
State government property and of all the
offices except those held by the legislative
branch, and bia friends, who are doting all the
talking for him, say that the written states
ments emanating from Mr, Goebel’s bedroom
and purporting to be proclamations ofa Gov.
ernorare valueless. Even if Mr, Goebel had
been legally declared Governor his present
declarations would not be legal or binding,
they assert. By a statute of the State ne
proclamation of the Governor fa legal unless
{t is attested by the recognized Secretary of
State and bears the seal of the State. The
statements of Mr. Goebel have not been ate
tested by any Secretary of State and are, theree
fore, not worth the paper upon which they are
written. The lawis plainly set forth in section
4,538 of the statutes, which follows:

“The official acts of the Governor of the
Commonwealth shall be attested by the Secree
tary of State under the real of the Commone
wealth.”

The proclamation issued with Goebel’s sige
nature has neither Secretary of State Calep
Powers's name attached to it nor has it the
seal of the Commonwealth, In fact, Mr. Powe
ers Was never requested to sign the paper.

ARMED CONFLICT THREATENED,

The first appeal to the law was made to-dap
by the Goebelites, and it is possible that it will
bring matters to a head quickly. If some of
the leading Democrats are to be believed it
may resultin a battle between the soldiers
now here and a new militia that Is to be organe
ized ifthe present militia refuses toobeyGoebel
orhis proxy. They talked plainly in this line
to the reporter of THE Suw~ to-day, at the same
time deploring the possibility of bloodshed, Mr,
Goebel's lawyers were together nearly all lase
last night preparing the document that was
presented to the Cireult Court of the State toe
day demanding that Goy, Taylor and Adjutante
General Collier bu restrained from interfering
with the meeting of the Legislature in the
State House ond from compelling the Legisiae
ture to meet in London, Ky.

There isa clause in the Kentucky Constitue
tion which permits a minority of the Legisiae
ture to meet from day to day, and if the mae
jority is rebellious the entire military foree of
the State may be employed to arrest them and
compel them to attend meetings. The Gove
ernor’s proclamation adjourning the Legislas
ture called fora reassembling at London next
Tuesday, and the plan contemplated the forcte
ble attendance of the Goebelltes, who nave
sworn that they would not go to London be-
cause it is a Republican monntain town and
they would be in danger of assassination, The
necessity foran injunction, tn their mind, will
be seen.

  

COMPLAINT OF THE LEGISLATORS,

The document which their lawyers got up
was signe! by all the Demoeratic members of
the Legislature in both branches, Iteonsisted
of a formal application and then acomplainton
which the application was based, The com.
plaint filed inthe injunction proceedings set
forth

“That whilethey were engaged in the dige
charge of their duties the defendant, W. 3,
Taylor, without right or authority of law, and
in violation of the Constitution of Kentucky,
with foree and arma and with a regiment of the
Kentucky State Guard dispersed the General
Assembly and foreibly took possession of the
Senate Chamber and the Hall of the House of
Representatives and stationed armed men
therein, and has since prohibited these plaine
tiffs from assembling in the Capitol building ia
their respective chambers, or assembling ta
joint session therein, and has {ntorfered with
the discharge of their duties, and is still intere
fering and threatening to interfere with these
plaintiffs in the performance of their legal due
ties

“That the said Taylor has called the Legislae
ture to meet in London, Laurel county, Ky., on
the sixth day of February, 100.4 place remote
from the seat of goverment, the satd London
being a small village situated in a sparely
populated part of the State, with no buildings,
rooms or houses sufficient to accommodate the

 

General Assembly of the Commonwealth of
Kentueky, in which to perform their legal
duties, They further state that said Laurel
county is ina lawless portiouof the State, with
out any sufficient police force or civil authority
to protect the membe of the General
Assembly in the discharge of their oMeltal
duties, and in a section of the State where
many lawless disturbances and faetional
fights have heretofore occurred, often resulte
ing in the adjournment of the courts of the

State, making it frequently necessary for the
State militia to protect tha

courts in the discharge of their official dutiess

to be called out

and, notwithstanding the troops have been
repeatedly called to sail section and they
} operated in eonjunetion with eivil authorie
ties, they have been totally unable to suppress

the fahts aud lawlessness and factional strife
in said sections, and the same is now come
pletely terrorized and dominated by lawless

bands of men engaged In feuts and other
violations of the law, They further say that
the svat of government hal not become
dangerous from an cnemy or from any cone
| tagious disease, nor had it become dangerous
from any cause whatever, save and exe
‘ape from the lawlessn engendered and
brought about by the defendant's own unlawe

fuland wrongful acts, and but for the sald une
lawful and and wronugtul acts of the defendant,
perfect peace and quietude would now reiga
aod prevail at Frankfort, the seay of goverme
ment of the Commonwealth; but tey say that,