~*

   
   

 

VOL, LXXVI.—NO. 183.

  

+NEW YORK,

THREE BRIDES FROMHOLLAN

EY ESTU RQUOISE, CHEEKS ROSES,
ADEPT AT GVEN AND PIANO.

 

FOUND CITY NOT SO POOR

cASSIDY COMMITTEE SPLIT ON|
INCREASING DEBT LIMIT,

’
the Legislature Is not passed public clamor |
‘for rapid transit.improvements will com-
pel the city administration by rigid econ-
omy in other directions to save money
with which to provide for these improve- |
ments. The anawer to this argument, !
- ‘ . | he says, is found in experience under |
Majority Against 1t—Committee Ciphers | the present administration, where clamor |
Out a Margin of $180,000,000 oa | bas done nothing of the sort., |
Jan. 1 and Report Says ®15,000,000 | The clamor for subwaya, he says, will,

{most likely “(if the amendment ‘is de»
a Year Will Do for Subway Building. | tented) result. in turning over the wing

The Legislative committee headed by | situation to private capital under ruinous
ex-Senator Owen Cassidy which hes Senator McCarren simply dis-

 

 

Fall Into the Arms of Three, Americans
When the Noordam’s Gangplank Is
Down—All the Ship Sympathizes—
Proxy Marriages, With Renewals Here.

Three city bred girls from. Holland,
equally at home before the oven or be-

 

been investigating the financial condition
of the city submitted its report to the
Legislature last night. The committee
concludes that the @'t7 slill had a
gebt incurring margin of $13,009,009
on January 1. This is much more than
even the Comptroller has been able t>
eount up, and William M. Ivins, chair-
man of the Charter Revision Commission,
has in fact declared that the city hae al-
ready overdrawn its credit. As the
Comptroller figure! it out the city had
a borrowing pover left at the begin-
ning ef the year of aout $48,099,090.

The Cassily committee reaches its
gonclusi»n by dociding that liabilities

 

sents without handing down any opinion,

Assemblyman’ Merritt in presenting

the report said that assuming the present thusiastic young men, arrived yesterday
law was.to remain as it is as to the con-
stitutional provisions and financial prob-
jems in New York city he would not be
a favor of the repassage of the resolu-

n.
“if the recommendations made by the
committee in this report are to be carried
out I shall vote for it.”

“But,” said the majority leader,

 

COUPLE ACCUSED OP CRUELTY,
New Jersey Child Among Alleged Victims | English that made all the undetached

of Queer Couple in
Special Cable Despatch to THE .
Paris, March 1.—The charge of brutal

ill treatment of children made against

fore the piano, according to their en-

by the HollandAmerica steamship Noor-
dam from Rotterdam. They came down
the gangplank into the erms of three
!young American citizens, one a native
and the others Hollanders by birth but
Americans by choice, The three girls,
none looking more than 20 and all
with peachblow a ce smiling
blue eyes and, an accent when they spoke

young Americans in the ‘first cabin wish
they were going to be the bridegrooms,
brought with them. everything necessary
for housekeeping. Also gach had an up-

debt borr wing cvpacipy of the city onthe jican. She married Sargent six years ‘at the pier They arg, but soon will not

firs! day of Tavis, 1999, was mors }980- According to the newspapers she ihe, Miss W. A. R. van-Weeren, Miss R. FE.

than € 30.090,900." "Tho committee goos | Moocite ee ie Maaiscease ats Tre ter Haar Romeny and Miss L. van Gulden.
say t ne | i ™ 3 4 . hel E

“on te ay mia ae SoOReTIE HN ae gent denied cruelty. She said that being When they boarded the ship at Amster-

siya Aaa taht by the city, but it in-|°hildless she devoted herself, to aban-;dam they were comparative strangers;

an English speaking couple of the name
of Sargent, who were arrested at Asni-
éres yesterday, is exciting the greatest
interest in France. The husband is a
confirmed drunkard. He is a gigantic
man who claims the title of captain.

right piano made in Amaterdam that she
had played for sher aoe in

undertaken by the city should not be
chorgot as an indebtedness until oon-
tracts for the wor's have actually been
eieraliot> Theo ranort save that the
Sycr ‘niebtel ess’ sh ui be defined }; His wife told Magistrate to-day that names that they were as bewitching as
antecnstriol ct» mea) ‘o<taaded oredit’ | her father was a nchman of the name ;the passengers declared thém to be, not
and whea s> construe! and de‘ine] the | of Savain and that he married an Amer- |{to mention the young men that met them

Holland. Z
You might never suspect from their

 

dored and unhappy children. Three} but all come of good old Dutch families,
children in the house at Asniéres included | and they soon became acquainted and had

Mary Anne Edgeworth, born October |a triplicate surprise when the
8, 1008, at Newark, N. J. The couple Yi re i y ceo vecks

sists thar under any aad all construc-
tins f ibe C ratituticn such bonds are
absointely valid and without cloud or

: nbanee that all were going to be married here |
qmniol we xs ea feparts thet | had also Senter a blind, illegitimate | just after lewclicie ad ence their ana:
suctia consir ietion of the word “in¢ebted- | ene Bae it r November, 1908, at / hearts would be waiting for them at the
ress” will furcish a Cefinite limitation | y en pier. f

(f the borr wing capacity of the city yiadlan chaste, Shier ie enue the
and will make it easy for the Board of trotsae ‘af the Acharlonts | ein
Estivate t» cetorrine with certainty | irre Sargent denied iving sem
the aurount «f contracts, whloh may bo! 0. (sling for the children. Her parents
entere! ict» in apy given period. The | ake said, were rich and sent her $5,000
gre within whieh e-ntract liabilities yearly ’
may be create: will be measure! by the : ; ‘ §
difference tetween the actual indebted- hae remes Philp od pprcptonltcag ava
pesa:f the city and the 10 per cent. valua- in: hysterics ihe Wan Tivemoved tone
eae i ite aaceseed _ omrte | prison hospital. The husband's exami-
The ewrvniitee finds that the prasént tration (waa tponed, as he is suffering
contract liabilities and land liabilities | naitGnaavemern, :
of the city are approximately $57,000,000 | The Judge’s inquiries tend to lessep

hese liabilits ” :
Breet sroorind ¢FCirea meer eae | the seriousness of the charges eee
. < 4 The police believe that!

3 ss : ” | the Sargents.
Derren ate ct SOWA tear a j both’ are alcoholics, and probably cruel
that the immeiiate necessities for sub- Bei orger. sit f Mr Sa t"
way extension can Le caret for by the ex- Reed cone et anne Se 4 regents
penditure of $15,070,000 a year. brother, says that Mrs: Sargent, whose
The majority cf the committe is adverse eee aoe ah Jonephine. Pd ae
to the proposed constitutional amendment | C2UsMter of a ric fe aT Ot a
increasing the debt limit. It says that | ee ie New oes howe od ote
by the practice of reasonable economies, | © 93°P vale rather near cin hap
always remembering that expenditures Weed the mother separating from
for city improvements should bear some .
relation to the burdeas cast upon the | Mary gree poeeeeeTy Sen etelor
taxpayer, a change in the precpnt con- ew & cook, w pave " . S 7 mii *
stitutional imitation will be unnecessary, | ResTess ee ee pitchler ze

i : ‘Sargent, hearing of the case, paid the
ene that the tae he, Raprenamas bo negress handsomely to surrender the

the Constitution increasing by indirection | hild i ; |
the debt limit of the city would “in effecy) ©2'¢ plesk ata onl 167 | canized, will marry Miss ter Haar Romeny, |
rte the conelitags) Mien 7e2| CAN'T DRIVE AUTO STRANGNT. [om Ottoes “eae tee tite |
eo spat} ——— i ve 4
impotent as a rope of sand to restrain actor Hodge Gives Himself Away by | ™orrow in the Middle Collegiate Church, |
a waves of the sea." Getting Arrested~-Theatre Walls. ¥ Phi tieae ites PB Ven- |
ante feport polniagoats EShars) see | wittam T. Hodge had n few real aula | Oma ene kent, te meas alee set
whe 0 tain in t e SEDO ae mobile troubles last night surpassing the , neously: niake Mice’ W. ATR. van Wearen |
cit : ‘ho i tbe oeatiatted’ € Oe a it imaginary ones he has in “The Man From | Mrs. Car! Grick and Mina i. van Gulden |
tablish a bureau for the purchase of |Home” at the Astor Theatre. Inatead of agra Adrian Young. Mr. Grick and Mr. |
. i Ree oe the purchase of | phony Italian gendarmes he fell into LS | Josnd avait Wialnoes inPaliahanaak: Wik,
Fe id, 7 aes Sara ate, | hands of the New York police for reckleas | s
thy a bure 0 "es le a} : : }
ai . | driving. He was so busy getting arrested |
tecunmends that the Conatitution whould ; that the curtain at the Astor Theatre had

te imende! so as to provide improved | 14 be held an hour.

“The ship soon discovered it too and
there were hopes in some bosoms that
some of the bridegrooms-elect might fail
to appear. The Noordam had a pleasant
trip, although ships that came over the
same cou just ahead of her reported
very heavy weather. Purser van Wyk,
who delves in the classics, said that
Poseidon had stilled the seas especially
for.the occasion, as he never had heard,
even in the days when the Greek ship news
reporters were on the job at the Pirseus,
of three sweethearts arriving in one
trireme with lovers waiting on the pier.
So the three young women had lots of
‘chances to sing together at the piano,
| whe one both sang and played, the finest
olg Dutch love songs at present on tap in
Amsterdam, Rotterdam or any other ——
nice Dutch city. =a
The young men on the pier were some-
what reluctant to impart information
about the young women, who were
eased just like American girls whose
parents are prosperous, but they were
willing to say that it was true that all!
were going to get married. Otto G. Kan, |
who is assistant superintendent of the
Holland Sugar Company of Holland,
; Mich., a fine Dutch settlement, which he
‘gays is now pretty thoroughly Ameri- |

 

The three young men were introduced by |

| America pier und had a joyous time swap- |

sthods for c ati “ iping sentiments and tellin i
me‘hods for condemnation of real props. pojiceman Hahn of the traffic squad said /PINS sentiments anc & naw BUPATCOE:|
ety and reports in favor of a modifica- | 44% en Mesaueed across Columbus | the Holland type of sweetheart that can
Lon of ine preseat borough system with- | ae Hod es feet E hap Cook and sing and play, is to all other |
eut destroying +t hau in | Cirele about 7 o'clock in a manner-that} types. The young men had not decided, |

, uestroying = herouga autonomy IM | nade pedestrians jump. Hodge explained; 7" "" * et
Srietly loeal matters The committee i that he was taking his chauffeur’s place jor rather the young women had not |
4.89 calls attention to the maoner ia which | that was all. The fact that his muffler | Petmitied them to decide, last night
the work on the Catskill aqueduct has iFonim'(6ft, rat ht aualmanor thas macnica {whether or not there would be a triple
teen curriad on and suggests that it is | ibd desioroon, pa | wedding in the Middie Collegiate Church.
a subject toward which the public eye | The actor got to the night court fifteen | ite HE tor face

{the young women

should be directed
| Romeny suid she was not one—had been

> . . .
" . ‘minutes before it opened. Magistrate
The ofect of the Cassidy report is to oe Pe .

Kernochan warned him to be a little more

) > i : arried t roxy before vi -|
ial the ¢ ontention that while the careful in the future. Hodge was sighted eae Pnoe o ry » re. ee nO: }
sali te authorize appropriagions for | passing the street door of the court houss. | called a “permit from the Netheriande” |
pubic improvements the cost of those outbound, full speed ahead, at 9.01 P.M. ; rn me } : : \
improvements does not become a charge iets calla 2 ‘to do 80. nis made them from the |

against the city until the bonds have SAFE FULL OF OLD DOUBLOONS | Viewpoint of Dutch etiquette gboard
Veen issued and the contract for the work ship just the came as if they had been |

has been awarded and certified to by the | Found in Old Adove House in Mexico—! really married to the men that are to |
become, their husbands according to |

 

Comptroller Thoge who oppose this view Finder in Jall. |
‘esert that when any public work is au- MoRKLIA, Mexico, March 1.—Vicente | American law. \
thorized the estimated cost of it should | castillo. while tearing down an old adobe! _ !t took the six happy young folks nearly |

“t once be entered on the debit side of se on the hacienda of Ignacio Flores, | three hours to get all their housekeeping |
the city’s ledger It is agreed by Mayor Tad an ancient Wait date full of | things collected ‘and have the pianos |
McClellan, Mr Ivins and others who Spanish doubloons and ‘did not stop to preperly taken care of by men who under- |
have been studying the question for a | gay good-by to his employer. and the art of moupe.. them. Thien’
year or more that thp matter is one that | Pores set officers after him and Castillb they looked a little tired, but not a bit}
the courts will ultifnately have to pass is now in jail, but says he only found $30

worried. It was said that the plan of |
upon and the matter is now before the | inthe safe. Flores is hunting for the reet | the young men from aby was to get
Courts, of the money ke ad

, married right away and lyde
ALBANY, March 1.—The recommenda- See

liner for Jacksonville. |
tion against the in this year| HERR BEBEL SERIOUSLY ILL. | Other passengers by the Noordam

of the proposed PEA Peek. ; Se were J. Rypperda Wierdsma and J. G.

ment excluding from the computation | *#ader of Relehstag Social Democrats} Reuchlin, directors of the Holland-Amer-
of the debt limit bonds to be used for the May Net Recover. | ica Line; the Count and Countess G. Mari-
Construction of docks and subways was Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN. otti, J. W. Bagsdale, American Consul

not inexpected. This proposed amend- |, BERLIN, March 1.—The long illness of | at St. Petersburg; E. C. Newfelder, Bel- |
Ment passed the last Legislature, and if | Herr Bebel, leader of the Social Demo- | gian Vice-Consul at San Francisco, and
it should he passed at this seasion it would | @ratic party in the Reichstag, has de-| Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Rowe. Mr. Wierdsma
he submitted to a vote of the people next veloped dangerously. — was formerly general manager of the line
fall There is to beahearingon the pro-| His kidneys are seriously affected and: at this port,and he was accompanied
bore >mendment in committee on March | his recovery is doubtful. by an American born daughter and son
17. n the joint committee last year Sen- | le are subjects of the Queen of Holland.

|

 

 

 

 

soe —

Loeb for Collector of Customs.
Wasminoton, March 1.-—-It was re-

 

 

aor ( assidy (Rep., Schuyler) and Assem- | eae
: A of B .
blyme; Merritt (Rep., St. Lawrence), | Mauretania Breaking More Rocords

Pennett (Rep., M ‘ | ported to-day that one of the firat nam-; The Cunarder Mauretania, according
Oliver ‘israe ) jopalacntal Oe auaae | inations to be sent to the Senate by Presi- | to wireless deapatches received yester-
Of the a dent, Taft will be that of William Loeb,|day by Vernon H. Brown, will probably

mendment by the present Legis-

ature. hile Senators McCarren (Dem., re DF Ca ect Or OE en 6 out bese her ee eee " Ser arie
erooklyn) and Saxe (Rep., Manhattan) ker'a friends say that if asked to retire |g), Ss taht eee call ? he doa.
sl Assemblyman Lee (Rep., Brooklyn) | now with several years of his term to | Sbe was within os OF her desti-

lature

lof the port, but I cite these facts ro show

Bite enlargement of the debt limit

dissented and filed aupplemental state-| run a bitter fight against the Loeb nom-

men
amendment
this vear,
Palmer
lature

by the Legislature again

f
Messrs,

's in favor of the pagaage of the piston wil

Saxe, Cassidy and! pomination of Mr.
ure not members of this Legis-| ig appointed on the Board of General
Appraisers at New York. The mem-

ollow. From_what was
it ia likely that Mr. Fowler's
enter no objection to the

il
etn at Loeb if Mr. Fowler

The report of the joint committee was | bers of the board have a life tenure.

laid on the table in each house without
Comment to he printed.
In his dissenting memorandum Senator

ar kava that congestion “which pro-| ¢
OleK

Primers

at by rapid tranadt facilities which would
one ' 00 longer @o necessary for a man
ve near hia joh.
Assert)
the

Vs
t
lvman Lee sayg that ome of}
argiments which is madé againat |
ja that
amendment now pending before

 

the

u
Pertection in,culaine, preciaion in rvice.
- a.

Two More Battleships Come In,

The battleships Missouri and Ohio of
he fleet of world circlers arrived yester-

 

‘rine and thereby inoréases gov-| day from Newport News and dropped
expenditure ought to be broken | anchor off Tompkinsville.
go to the Brooklyn nav
ap for a. while.

The Ohio will
yard and be laid
The Missouri will go to

he Boston navy yard. Both ships wil

\diapose of their ammunition before pro-

‘ing.
N’S RESTAURANT,

 

Park Row

Masts,

nation at 7 o’clock last night, and it was
expected that if she maintained her
fine average of 25.21 knota she would
finish her race in 4 days and 19 hdurs,
an hour and a half ahead of her own
beat eastward stunt. She covered on
the nautical. day of Soe agp hours
ending at noon on Saturday 607 miles,
which is another record for her, and
means an avera gga speed of 26.39
roa The westeriy gaie heiped her a
ittle.

Repairs to the Mohawk Will Net Take
Long,

The revenue cutter Mohawk, which
smashed her forefoot on Hog’s Back
south of Ward's Island, will probably
be ready to go into commission again
in about three weeks. An estimate of the

at of her repairs made yeaterday put
is: at.about $11,000,

FLED WITH MOTHER'S JEWELS.

joy and Two Companions Caught at the

Besinning of Their Good Time.
Attantic Crry, N. J., March 1.—An
attempt by Westmore Meehan, son of
John T. Meehan, the New York restaurant
man, to sell his mother’s diamond _sun-
burat brooch for $60 on the street*here
to-day resulted in the arrest of the boy
and Charles Benz and John O'Donnell,
his young companions, who had come to
the shore to have a time on the proceeds
of a looting of Mrs. Meehan’s jewel box.

Despite the pleas of the boys, none of
whom is over 17, they were locked up
in a cell at police headquarters after the
jewels which they had stolen had been
recovered. ‘These jewels are said to be
worth $5,000. Mr and Mrs. Meenan are
here to-night trying to have the charges
quashed, They want to take their boy
back to New York. :
-KG6cording to] the story which the police
got from the lada they decided to have a
seashore trip with fine trimmings. To
get funds they took the jewels of Mrs.
Meehan. g

The ‘Atlantic City police having been
notified of the loss and the suspicion\that
the Meehan boy had among the
thieves were on the lookout for the three
this morning when they were notified that
astrange young man Was trying to dispose
of a handsome diamond brooch at a ridic-
ulously low price. Detective Barnshaw
traced the three boys to a big beach
front hotel, where they were arrested.
Search of their rooms resulted in finding
practicajiy all of the stolen jewels and
the boys admitted that they had taken
them for the trip.

Mr. and Mrs, Meehan came here as
soon aa they were informed of their
s0n’s arrest and pleaded with Captain of
Detectives Whalen to-night to release
him and his companions and stop pro-
ceedings that might land them in jail for
their escapades.

The lads are badly scared over the
prospect of being taken back to New
York under guard to stand trial for the
theft, and it is likely that the police here
will consent to free them on condition of
their pledge to be good.

On February 25 the New York police,
having been notified of the disappear-
ance of the Meehan jewels, the Meehan
boy and the two others, Benz and O’Don-
nell, sent messages to several cities in
the East asking for the detention of th
boy: whose descriptions were given.
The Meet:ans live at 1840 Grand Boulevard
Concourse, in The Bronx. For many
years Mr. Meehan was connected with
Dolan's restaurant at 33 Park Row.

——— ee

DR. CRUM RESIGNS.

Charleston's Negre Collector Will Quit
Hig Office on Thursday.

CuHarLeston, 8S. C., March 1.—Dr. W.
D. Crum, the negro Collector of Customs
for the port of ‘Charleston, by sending
to President Roosevelt a letter contain-
ing his resignation to become effective
at noon on March 4 has: relieved Mr.

 

 
 
   
  

Taft of one embarrassing situation.
After thanki the | ident for the
appointment, Dr. Crum says:

   

Since asuming the duties of this vosition
I have striven diligently to justify the cone
fidence imposed in me. During all these
years so far as I know not a single charge
hae been brought against my moral char-
acter or a single adverse criticism made in
regard to the performance of my jofficial
duties.

He goes on to say that absolute har-
mony has prevailed among the employees
of both races in his office, and gives
statistics showing the increase in the
busiress of the office. Of this he says:

1 do not claim credit for this increase in
business. Much of it would have been
brought about through the natural growth

re

that I have striven in every way possible |

and the position | held.

Before closing [ feel that | should add
that I have been treated with kindness and
courtesy by all those who have had official
business with the office, and have not had}

any unpleasant contact with any one in
the city.

 

“PAUPER” LEFT $300,000. |
'

It was said by the purser that two of | Napse Finds %20,000 in Bills In Coat of | with tl

Dead Charity Patient,

DanvILLeE. Ill... March 1.—A nurge at/|
St. Elizabeth's Aospital here felt some-|
thing like paper in the lining of the shabby |
coat of Daniel Sheridan. a coal miner, |
who died supposedly a pauper in that;
institution a few days ago, :

Investigation resulted in the discovery
of more than $20,000 in bills in the coat
and vest lining, and deeds for an 8 acre};
firm near Cisna Park, Hil, and a 200!
acre farm near Worthington, Ind. Mis
estate is valued at $300,000. y

His brother Robert died a few years
ago in central Illinois leaving $2,200,000.
Robert Lynch, a wealthy cousin, who
came here to attend the supposed pauper’s
funeral, says Sheridan left home twenty
years ago because of an unhappy love
affair and kept his whereabouts secret.
Sheridan was buried here to-daye He
was a bachelor and worked here eighteen
years. ,

Four Relating te War of Independence |
and a Raphael Letter Soild in London.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Lonpon, March 4.—A series of letters
relating to the American War of Inde-
pendence, four of them signed by George
Washington, brought $200 at auction at
Sotheby’s to-day ‘

A letter dated 1514 and signed by
Raphael, the painter, sold for $206

 

Wireless from Juneau to Honolulu,

The United Wireleas Telegraph Com-
pany received yesterday a despatch
from Juneau, Alaska, sayin that alli
records from ship to shore had been
broken by the transmission of wireless
messages between the Aleska Steamship

Corffpany’s steamship Northwestern, at
anchor in Fitzhugh Sound, and the United
Wireless station at Honolulu, 2,500 miles

away. The high mountains surrounding
the harbor did not inteyfere with tho
inetrimenta,

 

Ooean Mall Subsidy Bill.

Wasuinoron, March 1.—It will not
be known until to-morrow whether the
ocean mall service bill shall be brought
up for passage at thie cession. The
leaders werd atill counting noses to-
night. They announced that unleas it
becomes absolutely certain that there
fa no danger of defeat the bill will not be
called up for passage. \

>

= a a a a ee

|

 

a a a a Ee EE Se

WASHINGTON LETTERS CHEAP.|

TUE SD AY, M ARCH ; oe 1909,—covyrion 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

FORGETFUL MAN WEDS TW!

MR. AUCHTERLONIE OF HEMP-
STEAD IS IN A FIX

 

 

if It Is True, as Seems to Be, That at the
Age of 173 He Took a Wife in Jersey
or He Married Last February, 11--
Can't Remember the First Marriage.

HempstTeapD, L. I., March 1.—The town
clerk ef Hempstead gave C. J. Auchter-
lonie an awful shock to-day. He showed
him a letter which he had received from
Philadelphia and in it Mr. Auchterlonie
read that he, Auchterlonie, was married
on August_2, 1898, to Miss Hester Ramsey
in Camden, N. J. Auchterlonie said it
was news to him. \

It was rather disturbing news to another
person too—the wife which Auchterlonie
took on February 11. She was Caroline

Marsh of Hempstead. The ceremony

the Hempstead Presbyterian Church.
The return was filed with the town clerk,
H. Luther Weeks, in the regular course.
The return which was made on the pre-
Vious marriage was persona), not official;
but it looks as if it were correct.

Auchterlonie is a chemist, works for
G. S. Yeager and has an excellent
reputation here.-If he married Miss
Ramsey he doesn’t remember anything
about it, he says. He is not quite sure
that be remembers Miss Ramsey at all.
He explains:

“I have been joked a good deal by my
family gnd others about being a married
man, but I have never had any proof of it.
I was in an asylum for weakminded chil-
dren when I was 17 and can dimly remem-
ber having a woman guide me around the
grounds and take me into the city at
different times. Her name was - Miss
Ramsey, but if I ever became her husband
I don't know the slightest thing about it.”

Asked if he did not think to look the
matter up carefully before he married
Miss pane he said that he realized now
that Me should have done so inasmuch
as he had received a letter from a Phila-
delphia lawyer saying that his first wife
had seen a notice of his second marriage
in the papers and that since there had been
no divorce if he didn't have hie second
marriage annulled at once he .wonld be
prosecuted for bigamy.

“I was partly driven to getting mar-
ried,” said Mr. Auchterlonie, “by my
mother who came up here in Hempstead
when she knew I was going with Miss
Marsh and told a number of stories about
my former marriage, and she managed
to get me in such a‘state of nervousness
that I hardly knew what I was doing. I
didn't believe what had been said about
my being a married man, and being all
unstrung, I finally said that I would get
married and then they could show me
if T'Was married or not.”

Mr. Auchterlonie is about 30 years old
and is a fine looktng, well educated man.
After leaving the asylum his mind con-
tinued to mend, he studied hard and be-
came a chemist. He has lived here a little
more than a year.

Miss Marsh comes of an old Long Island
family_and is one of the leaders in the Bap-
tist church here. Her husband says that
she has been thoroughly informed of his
position in the matter of the former Miss
Ramsey—that is, she knows as much about
it as he does. :

Mr. Auchterlonie has not taken any ate
in the matter as yet, but will see a lawyer
at once, he says, and try to straighten out
the matrimonial tangle.

The way Town Glerk Weeks got mixed
up in the matter is this: A few days ago
he received a letter from C. W. Coles of

~

{the three young women on the Holland- | tg jncrease ihe usefulness of the office|114 Market street, Philadelphia, asking

for a certified copy of the record of the
marriage of Auchterlonie to Miss Marsh.
Weeks sent it and to-day he received
a second letter from Mr. Coles, thanking
him and saying that at the time of writing
he had before him the\ certified copy and
also the certificate of marriage of the
same Auchterlonie to Miss Ramsey.
Mr. Coles didn't say what his connection
ne Case was.

oe

MUNICIPAL FERRIES OR NONE.

es

Sinking Fund Inclined to Leave the Kast
River Alone at Present,

At another hearing yesterday by the |

Sinking Fund Commission Mayor McClel

mission did not attempt to hide their
opinion that the only solution of the East
River ferry problem will be putting mue
nicipal ferryboats into service. Because
of the state of the city’s finances the
Mayor and his colleagues on the com-
mission are opposed to taking this course
except as a last resort, and although
a large delegation of business men from
Brooklyn urgéd the board to act at once
it was decided to hold further hearings.

LINCOLN'’S INN “BOOKS STOLEN.

Valuable Londen Law Libra.y Loses

Some of Its Greatest Treasures.

Spectal Cable Despatch jo Tak SUN.
Lonpon, March 1.—The library of Lin-
coln’s Inn, which has m used for 500
years, by Judges and barristers for pur-
poses of research, has beeMdespoiled of
some dozen of its greatest treasures,
dating from the fifteenth and sixteenth
centuries. f

The joss has only just been discovered,
but it is evident that some unknown thief
has been operating in the library for a

year past, (..
YALE TO HONOR TAFT,

—7—_—___————_4
Parade to Mark Inauguration of Her First
Son Eleeted to the Presidency,

New Haven, March J.—Yale University,
it was announced to-night, has arranged
for a Yale parade in tais city at 4 P. M.
on March 4 to show her appreciation of
William Howard Taft, '78, her first son
elected to the Presidency of the United:

States.
‘The
alg luates here an
un i phere hy body.
A short route is pianned through the
business part of New Haven which will
end on the campus. There speeches
will be delivered concerning Mr. ‘Taft.
| Robért A. Taft, the President-olect's
son, will leave for Washi n on Wednes-
dey to be present at tho insuguration
of*his father. Ho expects to return on
Saturday.

OND ce mary semua een a aN Gate
stre joning. ° th.
i. T. Dewey & Sona Gar, 188 Fulton St. Sew" Tork.

lan and the other members of the at

 

 

rade will be participated in by

by the present

 

Marsh, and is the daughter of Eugene

was performed by the Rev. F. M. Kerr of

 
    

 

    

cB | SAN FRANCISCO SHORTAGES, TAFT READY r0

Eighty Thousand Dollars Said to Be Miss-

F ing from Public Funds,

San Franoisco, March 1.-—Shortages
of $80,000 have been discovered in munici-
pal funds, but the public has not thus
far got any clear account of the matter,
One deficit of $13,000 is said to be in the
absent heirs’ special tax retention fund.
This has bgen Eapt secret so that detec-
tives might get clues to the guilty per-
sona, but they haven't found any.

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

TO MAKE ARKANSAS DRY TOO.

House Passes Prohibition Measure—The
Senate’s Action-in Doubt.

Litttz Rook, Ark., March 1,—The
Arkansas House this afternoon by a vote
of 2 to 1 passed a bill prohibiting the sale
or giving away of liquors of any kind in
this State after July 1, 1909. }

The bill passed after a spirited contest
of three days in which ninety-three
speeches were made.

An effort to substitute a bill providing
for the submission of the question to the
voters of the State next summer failed
by six votes. The fate of the bill in the
nate is a matter of considerable doubt.
Gov. Donaghey says he will sign the meas-
ure if passed.

TREASURY DEFICIT GROWS.

It Increased $6,367,337 in February and
on March 1 Stoed at $86,361,980.
WasHINGTON, March 1.—The deficit in

the United States Treasury was increased

during February by $6,567,537 and the
deficit for the current fiscal year at the
close of the month stood at $86,361,980.

The excess of expenditures over receipts

in February was.not as large as it was in

January, for during protracted periods

earlier in the fiscal year this excess

amounted to nearly $500,000 a day.

There is every prospect that there Will
be a large deficit during the final quarter
begun to-day, and it is not unlikely that
the disbursements of the Government Yor
the whole fiscal year will exceed the cur-
sent receipts by at least $710,000,000.

ANOTHER “NOISELESS” ' GUN.

This One Makes Black Powder Smokeless,
Toe, Inventor Says.
NORTHFIELD, Vt., March 1.—A type of
barrel which is said to kill nine-tenths
of the noise of a gun, to eliminate the re-
coil and to make black powder practically
smokeless has been publicly demonstrated
before members of the Northfield Gun
Club the past week.

The inventor, Joseph C. Coulombe, was
graduated from Norwich University in
1905 and since then has spent most of his
time in perfecting this device. He ex-
plains that it eet from the Maxim in-
vention in that the latter is an attachment
to be placed on the end of,the gun barrel,
while his device is a part of the gun, con-
sisting of a thin. steel casing extending
the full length of the barrel,

In the demonstrations here a 6 milli-
meter United States Navy rifle which
could be heard by men stationed three
miles distant had ita noise ao deadened by
the Coulombe invention that it could be
heard only 250 yards away.

 

 

 

»

 

WON'T PAY FOR THE FLORIDA,

Mosle, the Buyer, Cited to Court to Show
Cayse Why Not,

There was a hitch yesterday in the
dispcsal of the steamship Florida, which
sank the Republic and which was sold
at public auction last week, when M. A.
Mosle of Philadelphia, the purchaser, re-
fused to accept the bill of sale offered to

| him by United States Commissioner
Alexander, the trustee.

Commissioner Alexander said that
| Mosle bad. paid down only $16,000 on the
purchase price of $220,500. No one would
say yesterday what prompted Mr. Mosle
to refuse to accept the bill of sale, but
Judge Holt signed an order citing Mosle
to appear in court to-day and show cause
why he should not beheld to theNerms of
the sale.

CALL FOR HUSKY FIREMEN.

 

 

 

Croker Invites Appt-cations from Unions
Likely te Have Strong Men.

Copies ofa letter received from Ed-
ward F. Croker, chief of the Fire De-
partment. inviting applications from
| workingmers to beeccme firemen were
; sent out yesterday by Roswell D. Tomp-
| kins, secretary of the Greater New York
Building Trades Council, with the request
that the unions act on them and report
to him at as early a date as possible.
The same letter has been sent by Chief
Croker to the organizations of truck
drivers,

The sending broadcast of these invita-
tions to organizations most likely to
have husky men among their ranks is
| believed to have been inspired by the
fact that strong men are needed to handle
high pressure lines. i

(Garces

| FORESTS BURNING. A MONTH.

| Host of Men Fall te Chéck Devastation on
' Monte Alto, Mexico,

| Mexico Crty,\March 1.—The forest
| fire which started’ upon Monte Alto in
| the State of Oaxaca nearly a month ago
is still burning fiercely.

| Et has destroyed vast tracta of valuable
| timber and is apparently beyond control
| of the large force of men who have been
| trying to extinguish it.

ER HITS AUTO KILLING 2.

Mourners Returning From Funeral
4 Crushed to Death.
Cincinnati, March 1.—Big Four train
No, 19, eaatbound, hit the automobile of
Ed Hebenstrelt, aged 45, of Lockland and
smashed it to flinders this afternoon,
The owner was instantly killed. Albert
Dick, aged 25, of Laporte, Ind., a cousin
| of Hebenstreit, was so badly hurt that
he died a short time later, ,

The men were returning from the fu-
neral of Albert Hebenstain, brother of one
of the victims. The men were driving
the machine at a fair rate and did not
notice the approach of the train,

Hebenstreit was a successful manu-
facturer of fireworks, ,

 

 

 

 

Three-Joseph Going Into the Army,

Joseph Joseph Joseph, who said that
he was formerly a Rumanian soldier,
took out first papers in citizenship yester-
day in the United States naturalization
bureau, He told Cle:k Donovan that he
yer about to enlist in the United States

rmy.

For Throat Irritation and Coughs, use
a Broz chial Troches,” Soid only in boxes,

 

 

Ser a re

‘| we can’t very well live them over again.”

    
   
 
  
 
 
  
    
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
    
  

  

Ray

it )

3

 

ABINET' MADE UP ‘AND 1.
GURAL ADDRESS COMPLETE,
Was in Happy. Mood and Had a Jolly W
fer Every One—Amused Over
velt's Suggestion That a Buncenide
Club Would Succeed the Anantias Cin

WasHinaton, March 1.—With }
Cabinet all made up, his inaugural #6
dress ready for delivery and the arrange+
ments for Thursday's big event. com
pleted, William H. Taft admitted to-dpy:
that he was very happy. He looked and
acted the part. His friends haven't seen,
him in a happier mood jn many a day.
He had a jolly word for every one of the
long stringof visitors who called at-¢
Boardman house, and the Taft laugh was
working overtime, This spirit seeméd
be infectious. . Everybody who dropped:
in on the President-elect came awa
amiling. Even the policemen out in fre
of the house whistled and occ Q
did a little jig. on

“Mr. Taft started the day with a talle
with Senator Knox, who is to be
Secretary of State. Later he saw Cha
Nagel of St. Louis, the fext Seoret
of Commerce and Labor, and George
Wickersham of New York, the n
Attorney-General. Both Mr. Nagel and
Mr. Wickersham are making arr
ments to take up a four years re
here. Among the other callers at th
Boardman house to-day were Senater
Hopkins of Illinois, Senator Gamble |
South Dakota, Representative -Brownlow
of Tennessee and Senator Scott of West.
Virginia “oR

Senator Hopkins told Mr. Taft thas |
Gov. Deneen of Illinois is coming on to
Washington for the inauguration and that
he is to be dined by both Senator Cullom
and himself. Deneen is after Hopkips's
seat in the Senate, and Mr. Hopkins
wouldn't be averse to accepting a helping
hand from the new President. Whether
the Illinois Senator asked for assistande a
at to-day’s conference is not known,
Mr. Taft has adopted a policy of non»
interference in State contests, which he
has tried to maintain up to this time.

The most striking thing about Senator’
Scott's visit was the changed appearance  -
of his whiskers. Mr. Taft noted this
and spoke to the Senator about it. The’
whiskers have been cut down on the
sides into sort of a trimmed hedge effect.
Instead of rounding out over the chin
they conie to a point and look fine.

A

day out of President Roosevelt's sugges<
tion that “a buncombe club” would suce~
céed his “Ananias Club” in his new Ad-,
ministration. The President greeted Mr.
Taft at the White House yesterday wi
a reference to this possibility. He
that. he had observed that Mr. Taft had -
abolished the “Ananias Club” .nd subeti-
tuted the “Buncombe Cl:b. This was
a referenve to Mr. Taft’s remark that
a speech-made by Representative Rainey
of Illinois about the Panama Canal was
“buncombe.” ;
’ Mr. Taft admitted to-day that he had
an “itching” te go up to the Capitol and
visit the Houee and Senate. He- had
many’ friends there that he would like to”
see, he said. On'second thought, though;
the President-elect realized that it prob-
ably would not be exactly proper for hiny
to do this. When somebody suggested
that there was a President’s room up in’
the Capitol that wasn’t being used he
shook his head and said it would not be
right for him to use it yet. .
@In the afternoon Mr. Taft took a walk |
and to-night he and Mrs. Taft were gu ‘
of hopor at a dinner given at the Ne
Willard by the members of the pirty whioh -
accompanied Mr. Taft to~the Orient
in 1906. The dinner was served in the’
large ballroom and the tables were laid in”
the-form of the let spelling the word
“Taft.” The hollows forming the letters
on the inside of the table were filled with
masses of palms and ferns. Festoons of-
Japanese lanterns and Southern smilax
hung from one corner of the mom to the
other. A huge painting of the Y
mountain of Japan, Fujiyama, filled the
end of the room, and at the other end was
a Japanese tea house. A Ja pa-
goda stood at one end of the room filled -
with greens and lanterns. The table waa |
decorated with low mounds of Killarney
roses and white lilacs forming a harmony
of pink, green and white. Inverted
Japanese umbrellas formed screens over
the lights on the sides of the room. The
orchestra was stationed behind a screen’
of palms and tall evergreens. “ ae
The party presented the President-elect *
with a gold watch and Mrs. Taft with @
diamond lavalliére as souvenirs of the
“third voyage of the Philippines party,”
the second being the dinner given by
Representative MeKinley several years)
ago in the same place. Another souvenir
for the Tafts was a hand painted pam-.
phlet of green Japanese vellum, with a.
dwarf Japanese pine on the cover ti
with yellow ribbons, which were sealed
and the face of the President-elect im-.
pressed upon the seal. On the first page
was thg inecription “as great as the age
of a Japanese dwarf pine is the friendship
of those who sign,” and on the pages fol
lowing were the signatures of the guesta,
numbering eighty and including the
three brides and bridegrooms whose
romances were begun on this trip—
resentative and Mrs. Nicholas Longwo
Representative and Mrs, ee
and Represestativeand Mra. SwagerS
léy, all of whom made the journey un
ried and unengaged. :
Senator Scott was toastmaster at the
banquet. Mr, Taft as he got to his feet
| waa greeted by a chorus of “banzaie.”
| The President-elect declared that he would |
always enjoy theye reminders of the 1006.
trip. His. pleasure, however, was tem- |
pered with the regret that the trip could
never be repeated. Circumstances would
not permit. “We had four or five honey- ©),
moons on that trip,” said Mr. Taft, “and

 

eae San

Mr. Taft spoke with appreciation of the
good time that the party had in Japan
and of the warm hospitality that was
accorded to them, Mr. Taft hoped that
the party would continue to have reunions.
“I hape,” he added, “that thie organiza-
tion will bear the same relation to the next
administration as the Rough Riders have
to the present administration.”

Mr. Taft expressed the further hope

’

h