vou. LXVIL.

FIGHTIN

—NO, 354,

Reports That Inner City Is
Being Shelled.

 

EMPRESS SAID TO BE THERE

 

Also Rumored That Part of
Pekin Is Burning.

Bombardment Story Given as From Japanese
Admiral Remey and British
Received With Doubt by

Sources bY
Admiral Brace
Washington Officials — Not Credited by
Minister Wa, Whe Has a Despatch From
Li Hong Chang, Nor by the Japanese
Legation—Chaff ce Reports That He En~-
tered Pekia on Aug. 14—His Losses Small,

Wasmtworon, Aug. 19.—The sensational an-
ent came to the Government to-day

from Admiral Remey at Taku that the Empress
Dowager was in the inner or Forbidden City
of Pekin, which was being bombarded by the
Allies. The Admiral says this information
comes from Japanese sources, but does not say
whether It ts official. When doubt is expressed
here as to the correctness of this report, it is
recalled that the Japanese were in the lead in
furnishing trustworthy information about the
fall of Pekin and that the news of the relief of
the legations Was credited by Admiral Remey
to the Japanese. Admiral Remey’s despatch

follows:
“Creroa, Aug. 19, 1900.

*Bureaw Navigation, Washington?

“Taku, Aug. 18--Telegraph Line to Pekin
(interrupted. Information, Japanese sources,
Empress Dowager detained by Prince Yung
Edo, inner ofty, which being bombarded by
allies Chaffee reports entered legation
grounds evening 14th. Eight wounded during

day's fighting. Otherwise all well.

“Remer.”

Gen. Chaffee was heard from to-day for the
fret time since thecapture of Pekin. As de-
tails were expected from him, the bare an-
nouncement in his cable message to the War
Department of the relief of the legations was
disappointing. The message, which came early
follows:

“CHrVoo, Aug. 19, 1900
“War Department, Washington:

"Pexin, Aug. 15.—-We entered legation's
grounds at 5 o'clock last night with Fourteenth
and Light Battery. Elght wounded during
day'sfighting. Otherwise all well, CHArrgr.”

Minister Wu has received confirmation of
the entrance of the allied army into Pekin In a
message from Ii Hung Chang at Shanghal,
dated Aug. 18.

The Remey despatch created intense in-
terest and was the subject of an informal con-
ference between the President and the mem-
bers of the Cabinet who were in town. For
several reasons it is believed by the President
and the Cabinet members that the Empress
Dowager is not in Pekin, nor is it deemed likely
that the inner city was under the bombardment
at the time such a report must have come
from Pekin through the Japanese sources
Admiral Remey was careful to credit
with his information. Information from
tll except official sources heretofore received
gore to show that the Empress Dowager left
Pekin with the Emperor and the members of
the Imperial Government and a large part
of the Imperial army. They were supposed
to have gone to Asian-fu or Sian, the capital
of Bhensi Province, which is 800 or 400 miles
southwest of Pekin by road and remote from
raihways,

The Chinese Minister, when told of Admiral
flemey’s message, said that his own message,
tecetved from Li Aung Chang last night, con-
firming the report of the entrance of the allies
{oto Pekin, said also that the Empress Dowager
tod Emperor, as well as members of the Impe-
tal Government,fhad left Pekin before the allies
‘rrived, Minister Wu stated this as bis own
belief. Ae would not say anything more about
the contents of his message. Minister Wu
‘aid that Admiral Remey probably meant
Prince Yung Lia where his despatoh said “Yung
Edo,"

The Japanese legation here has not been in-
formed by the Tokio Government that the
Lmpress is in the Forbidden City, As the Jupan-
e Minister received to-day a long cable from
the Foreign Office at Tokio, dated Aug. 19, giving
tbe particulars of the fall of Pekin, similar to
the despatch from London last night, of the
Sepanese loss of 100 men and three officers

tad the Chinese loss of 400 in the fight, he be- |
‘aves that any such importantnews as Admiral |

Remey sends would have been tncluded in
thie message,

The last instructions sent to Gen. Chaffee
bad not had time to reach him by the 15th, the
tate of his message that came to-day, but
I ts believed that he received the instruc-
Hons in time to have understood that his Gov-
fument expected him to assist in rescuing
the legations and beyond that to protect aud

Mast in protecting all the for- |
ga and native Christians in Pe-

Every confidence is expressed in
Gen. Chaffee’s judgment by Government offl-
= Who feel sure that If he Joined with the
Alles in an attack on the inner city it was for
ae reasons, The suggestion is made
an . ‘als that the allies and legations may
nag en bombarded from the {nner

) In which event there would be :
fre and attack

It Will be ne

city
return

ticed that Gen. Chaffee reports

a Kew y A New Train to Chicago
? fork Central. Leaves Grand Central Sta
ee. ce arrives Chicago 4.00 P. M. next day.
ballor and dining cars —Ade

SS

 

having ontered the Jegation grounds on the
evening of Aug. 14. Al! previous reports were

IN Py ‘ | that the allies did not get into Pekin until the

evening of Aug. 15.

 

BRITISH REPORT OF ROM PANRDMENT.

 

Rear Admiral Brace Also Says Part of Pekin
Is Barning—Other Reports Conflict,
Special Cadle Despatches (o THR SUN,

London, Aug. 19.—The Admiralty this even-
ing issued the following despatch from Rear
Admiral Bruce:

“Cneroo, Aug. 19, 1:90 P. M.--I am informed
on the authority of the Japanese that atreet
fighting continues in Pekin, part of which ts
on fire.

“Gen. Yung Iu prevented the Empress from
leaving. A last stand is now being made in
the inner city, which is surrounded by the
allies and being bombarded.”

In conflict with this report is a news agency
despatch from Shanghai which says that ac-
cording to Chinese reports, Japanese cavalry
are pureuing the fleeing Empresa Dowager
and her court. It is stated that 20,000 well-armed
troops are protecting the Empress and her
companions, who
Province of Shensi, where there is a detached
Imperial palace

A Hong Kong despatch says that according to
Chinese reports there a guard of honor received
the allies upon thelr arrival at Pekin, and the
Empress Dowager received
officers at the gates of tho city.

PLEEING MISSIONARIES

have reached Whutaisan,

the commanding

 

 

KILLED.

Five Women and Children Dio on a Terrible
Fifty-Day Journey to Hankow.
Special Cadle Despatchto TuR SUN,

LONDON, Aug. 20 —Reports from Hankow say
that the missionaries from Shens, who have
arrived there, suffered fearful hardships. The
women were completely worn out. They had
to struggle, haif clothed, in the hot sun, for
twenty-seven days,

Missionary Sauders lost two children. Mrs
Cooper and Misses hice and Houston also died
from their sufferings along the route. Mr,
Sauders says that their escort deserted them
The party of fugitives pawned everything of
value they had, including the women's wedding
rings.

EThe party” reached Lucheng safely, but
stripped of everything. They fled south with
one donkey load of bedding anda little silver,

Twelve miles out @ mob seized the donkey,
clothes and ailver and destroyed everything
else. Mr. Sauderstriedto hire a cart for the
women, but the mob refused to permit ‘him to
do so and beat them. Misses Rice and Houston
died from the effeots of their injuries

On reaching Hupeh they received the kindest
treatment from the Magistrates under orders
from the Viceroy. The whole journey occupied
fifty days.

 

RUSSIANS WIN BLOODY BATTLE.

 

Gen, Rennenkamp Captures Chingan Pass in
Manchurta—Cavairy Parsuing the Chinese.
Spectai Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Sr. Perrrssvno, Aug. 19.—Sen. Grodckoff
has telegraphed the following to the Ministry
of War.

“KaaBanovgka, Aug. 17.—~Gen. Rennenkamp
sends the following from Chingan Pass under
date of Aug. 14: This pass has been carried after
@ bloody battle. The enemy siffered a heavy
reverse owing to my turning his flanks and rear
by a night movement. We captured four
67-millimeter Krupp guns. Details later. I
am proceeding with cavalry in pursu!t.”

 

FOR A DIPLOMATIC CONFERENCE.

Preposal for One May Come From the French
Foreign Minister.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to THR Bryn.

Brvsseis, Aug. 19.—The Paris correspondent
of the Etoile Belgs says it is reported that M.
Deloassé, French Minister of Foreign Affairs,
is considering the question of proposing an
international diplomatic conference to be held
in Paris with the view to securing military
and diplomatic unity between the Powers in
China,

 

BOMBAY INFANTRY AT SHANGHAI.

 

Troops Being Landed There Slowly So as Not
to Alarm the Chinese,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 19.~ A despatch to the Central
News from Shanghai says that the Bombay
Infantry have landed and gone into camp
The remainder of the Indian troops are atill
aboard the transports off Woosung. They
will be landed gradually so as not to alarm
the Chinese.

THE IMPERIAL

 

crry.

 

Access to It Refused to the Foreign Ambas-
sadors Until 1894.
Pekin really consists of two main olties,

the northern or Tartar city and the
southern or Chinese oity, The lega-
tions are tin the extreme soltheastern

part of the Tartar city and adjoining the
walls of the Imperial city.

Inside that {s what {s oalled the For-
bidden, or Sacred, or Purple city. Each itn
turn has iis own walls, those of the latter meas-
uring two miles in circumference, and being
faced with yellow tiles. Within the inclosure
are the palaces of the Emperor and the Im-
perial family, with gardens anda lake, and the

{sland where the Emperor was imprisoned, and
also the magnificent temple of the Imperi«!
ancestors, the offlees of the Cabinet, &c. To
the north of the Forbidden City is a
known as Prospect Hill, surmounted by five
temples and also inciosed. Within the Iim-
erial City are also the Bell Tower, with its
amous bel! weighing over fifty tons, the Druru

Tower, with quaint Instruments for the mea- |

surement of time, the |amasery, inclo-ed
within gardens. containing a huge gilt statue
ot Buddha and accommodating thousand or
more Mongo: and Thibetan monks; the Temple
of Confucius and also the Exar ination Halli,
the arsenal and the residenoes of various high
dignitaries

Until very recent
to reeive the
Forbidden City,

years China had refused
Ambassadors within the
but decided in 184
a mit the “barbarian” Ambassadors
within the stately portals. On the i2th of
N- vember of that_year tho seven European
Ministers then in Pekin were rece.ved in the
palace itself,

 

Crar Congratulates Gen. Linevitech,
Special Cable Despatch co TIR SuN
St. Pererssunc, Aug. 19.—The Official Mes-
genger says that the Czar has sent the following
message to Gen. Linevitch by way of Chee oo
“Il congratulate you heartily on the rapid
capture of Pekin, In recognition of your well-
earned victory | bestow on you the third-class
order of St. Geerge.”

Shot and Kilied His Father.
Wrong, Neb, Aug. 18%—dames Burnham, a
newspaper correspondent, shot and killed Capt,

Jame §Burnham, bis father, to-day. A dispute
over money caused the shooting

 

 

NEW YORK, MONDAY,

height |

to |

 

 

GIRL HAMMERED 10 DEATH,

 

| BROTHER, WHO FOUND HER, AND FER
LOVER ALSO, UNDER ARREST,
|
|

 

She Was Killed tn « Second Avenue Flat Farly
on Saturday Fvening~Her Brother Dis-
covered Her With Her Skall Crashed In
After
Missing,

Midnight—Her Rings and Watch
but the Motive for Crime Was

Apparentiy Not Theft — Claes tn Letters.

Katherine Scharn of 674 Second avenue was
murdered at her home sometime on Saturday
night. The murderer used a hammer which he
found on the premives and with it crushed in the
woman's skull, Miss Seharn was 22 years old
The killing was reported to the police at 1:30
o'clock yesterday morning and by 6 o'clock Jast
night two men had been taken into oustody
and were detained in the West Thirty-fifth
street station as suspic.ous persons. They will
have an opportunity to tell their storiesgin the
Yorkville police court this morning.

The two men arrested are Fred. Scharn, the
murdered girl's brother, and Lincoln Price, a
bank clerk of 104th street and Brook avenue, to
whoin she was enga ted and with whom she had
an appointment for 7:30 o'clock on Saturday
night, up in The Bronx. Other arrests are likely
to follow on the strength of clues furnished by
the girl's correspondence, Sho had received
letters from sevoral different men. Most of
them were love letiers and many named time
meeting The police
the several writers of these
letters. It was through the correspondence
that the detectives first learned of Price. Two
other letters found in the girl's room ware from
Charles Youllng of 104 West Thirty-first street.
They were both written last February and in
each there was a request for the girl tomeet the
writer, Youling wassentfor yesterday after-
noon by Insp ctor Harley. He wentto the
East Thirty-fifth street station and told his
story, Which was to the effect that he met the
girl last winter inan Eghth avenue music hall,
and thathe had not seen her since February.
Youling was not detained

The police seem to be confident that the mur-
der was committed by one of the men with
whom the young woman had been acquainted
They have no idea that the murder was the
work of a thief, although a gold watch and two
old rings which the victim wore are missing,
and her empty pocketbook, which had e n-
tained about $8, was found onthe floor beside
the body. [here was also a blue cambrio mask,

uch aanothief in lis senses would ever use,
according to the detectives, on the floor near
the blood-stained hammer. The hammer was
kept inatoo! box under the washtubs in the
kitehen and for the sake of appearances the
tool box was hidden by an ollcloth screen which
hung fromthe top of thetubs. In the opinion
of the police no one who was not familiar with
the premises would ,have foundthe hammer.
There were no signs of a struggle in the flat
and none of the bureau drawers had been tam-
pered with

Katherine Scharn and her brother, Fred,
had kept house together since last September
in a ‘our-rcom flat on the third floor, rear, of

and place for the next
are looking for

the Second avenue house, They pad
$10 6a month rent and share!  ex-
penses untii recently, when the brother,
Who isonl, 18 years ola, got out of work. The

Fister WAS @miployed on piece work in the Basie
Pencil Company 4 lactory in Rast Fourteenth
ptrest and earned from $6 to$i0a week Her
orother formerly worked in a piano factory and
alter that started to learn the bookbinder's
trade. The brother and sister lived with their
mother, who kept a furnished rvom house at
210 East Tweifth street uutli Mrs. Scharn ma:-
ried Ernest Lippold, a silk weaver, who was one
of her lodgers. Then, asthe stap ather and the
children did not get along well together, the
children leit the house to make a home for
themseives. . Lippold and his wife gave up the
house in Fast Twelfth street a Vear ago last
May and have since lived in Stonington, Conn

Fred Scharn was the first to tell the police

of his sister's murder. He reached home soon
after midnight yesterday morning. Before
entering the flat he noticed = two
things that were not as they — should
be—the door to tie hallway of his flat was
unlocked and there was no light shin

 

ig
through the transom. His sister always locked
the door and leftalieht for him. He opened
the door from the hal) way into thes tting room,
he told the police, and Jit a match. The tirst
thing that he saw was the hammer and thenhis
sister's hat. Then he saw the girl's feet ex-
tending over the thresh ld from the bedroom,

She was lying, face duewn, with her arms
twisted belind her back so that the
hands alinost touched. Young Scharn says
he saw all that by the fight oof

the first match. He lit another and discovered
that the girl's halr was loose and that her hair

ins were scattered on the floor about her
wad. He didnotattenpt to look at his sis-
ter's face but touched her hands, which were
ley cold. He whispered her name and then,
according to his own story and to thatc! a
womaiinthe next flat who was li-tening, he
exclaimed “murder! " and rushed down-taira,

Inst ad of going to the polic* station Scnharn
first went one block beyond to the home of
Wiliam H. Tyler of 161 East Thirty-
fourth street, who ow:rs the house at
674 Second avenue and keers a drug stereon
the ground floor lyler was not at homeaso
Scharn rang the bell of Mrs. Lawlor, the jani-
tress, It was about 1 o'clock when sie went to
the door and asked hitn what he meant by
routing her out at that tine of night

“It's murder,"’ said the boy “my 6ister's
killed and 1 want Mr. Tyler.”

The sanitress let him inthen and ook himto
her own apartments. A Mrs, Cur ey was there
Visiting and she suggested going home with
Scharn to see if the case was as bad as he
thought

“Perhaps his sister has only fainted,” said

a eS Sf rg SSS Sli SS lS SSS TPS

Mrs. Curley. The two women dressed, but
while Secharn was waiting for them ne
fainted and ten minutes were Jost in
bringing him to. then the three went
to the Second avenue house.  Scharn
lit more matches He didn't even Leht the

gas, but the women saw all that he had seen
and more. Mrs. Lawlor dis overed the mask
aud the empty pocketbook, She also felt the
dead girls hands and told Mrs. Curley thatit
was no case of falating. The brother left the
house again, but didn’t seem to know just
what to do next. Mrs. Lawlor took him by
the arm and led hin to the police station where
he fainted again while telling hia story to Ser-
geant O'Rourke.

The sergeant went to the house, took pos-
session of the Scharn flat aad began on the
delayed police investigation. He found that
the woman's head had been hammered until
the skull was crushed and the jaw broken, An
ambulance was summoned from Hellevue
Hlospital and Ambulance Surgeon Train who
the body said that the girl

examined

had been dead several hours. The coagu-
luted eondition of the blood on the curpet
slowed that, he suid. Sergt. O'Rourke re

ported to acting Cantatn Shire, who sent for
Inspector Harley. The _insnector, with Cen-
. tral Office Detectives Brady and MeMulle:
went to the precinct and they worked on the
} case all dav, questioning the tenants and hunt-
i ine up Miss Scharn’s correspondents, Her
bod= wa: sent to the Morgue when the de-
tecrives had seen it.
| ‘There are two families on each floor in the
house where the murder was committed. The
| front flat on the third floor, next to the Scharn
} tint Mrs
|

is occupied by Annie Kehoe, her
ten-"ear-old son Joseph and her sister Kate

| Condon All three of them got
home from a two weeks’ trip
in the eountr al 10:30 «o'clock on
Saturday night and went at once to bed. Mrs,

Kehoe’. bedroom isin the back of her flat and is
separated from the Scharn girl's room by only
a thin partition. She says that she heard
nothing of her neighbors until after midnight
when she was awakened by some one coming
up stairs. Before she could get to. sleep
j again she heard the word “murder” and then |
some one went downstairs on the run

Mrs. Fred Thiel who lives In the flat directly
over the Scharns heard no sound o| a strugwle
downstairs and she did not hear anything
| of the murder until after the arrival of the police,
but she was able to help fix the time at which
the crime was committed At 4 o'clock on |

Saturday afternoon, Mr. Thiel said, Miss

Seharo had a lot of curtains and portiéres out
on the clot hes line She i- eure
| they were there for an hour atter
| she fir=t noticed thern, bat the |

curtains and portieres were all taken tnsome
time that night, as the police found thein piled |
up on a lounge in the Scharn fat, The girl
was killed, therefore, after 5 o'clock in the after-
noon, The police are also confident that the
ourder was committed before 7 o’elock in the 1
evening. She was to have met Price at 166i)
sireet and Third avenue at 7:30. To have got |
there on time she would have had to leave home
| by 7 o'clock and the police sav there is no reason
to believe that she would not have kept the ap-

 

 

Poland! Poland! Poland! Poland!
The purest natural spring water in the world.~ A@w

 

 

toe:

AUGUST 20, 1900,-COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY

|} Chung

   

\\ \ IH// y

pointment had she been alive. From the

rooer on the corner it was learned that Miss
Soharn was in hia store buying pearea late on
Saturday afternoon, Sh* was at a drygoods
store on Third ayenue about the same time and
several articles done up io the wrapping paper
of that «tore were found undisturbed on the
table lo her bedroom.

When Fred Scharn first told the police about
the murder he said that he had epent all of Sat.
urday evening with his girl, Nettle Harris of
64! East 162d street, and asked if he might go
back there, because he didn't want to stay,in
his own homne. The police let him go, but late
yesterday afternoon acting Captain Shire
went up to the Harris girl's house and brought
Scharn back to the station, where he was ques-

tioned by Inspector — Harley He re
peated the story which Mrs, Lawlor
the  janitress, fad already told, of

how he had found the body and in the course
of along examination did not once contradict
himself. He said he had telegraphed to his
mother, Mrs. Liprpold, Kate is killed, Come at
onee,”"

“My sister was engaged to be married to
Lincoln Price, a bank clerk,” Schara said in
reply toa question, ‘They were to be married
in December, My «irl is Nettie Harris. She
is the stepdaughter of a monument maker
named Kubin up in The Bronx. I was ating
on her steps with her all of last evening an
up to midnight, when [ started for home”

The Harris wirl was seen later and she cor-
roborated Scharn’s story as to his whereabouts
on Saturday night, :

We are engaged to be married in December,”
euld Miss Harris. “the same as Kate and Mr.
Price were, IT know beth of them and they
have been to mv house several times to call
with Fred. Fred thought the world of. bis
sister and haa been always talking about how
wood she is to him and how happy they are,
keeping house teaether

Detective Brady found Price at his home,
IMth streetand Brook avenue where he lives
with a brother, and took hin down town to the
police station He has been aclerk in the West-
ern Nationa! Bank at Pine and Nassau streets
forab ut eigiit years

“ have known
or four years," Price |
police ‘T gave her the two_rings which
1 understand have been stolen, The list that I
heard from her was by a note sesterday in
which she asked me to meet her at 7:30 0'c ock
last night at 166th street and Third avenue. I
went there but Miss Scharn didn't come, 80
after waiting a little while L went homeand
stayed there all the evening.”

Price is about 356 years old, The rings he re-
ferred to were a plain gold band with a sinall
diamend and 4 ring set with two garnets and a
chip diamond The watch which was stoien
with the rings had a wold filled case and nickel
movement, Miss Scharn won it as a premium
for ge tting subs ribers to a weekly periodical,

Miss goharn had saved all of Price's letters
since February, 1808, and she had been receiv-
ing about two a week, according to the detec-
tives. Price had written several times recently
that he was working so late at night that he
could not meet her. In other letters he a-ked
her to meet him at 168th street aud Third avenue
and “takea long walk,” and among other things
he had written, “Are you mad? I think you
have another.”

Mrs. Lippeld came to this city yeaterday
afternoon in response to her son's telegram.
She told the police that she had heard from her
childre, about seven weeks ao, when they
Were both welland getting aiong ali right. She
also said ‘hat «he kuew of her daughter's en-
casement to Price,

three
the

for
told

Miss Seharn

The mask found near Miss Scharn's hody
was of faded bue cambric and had a
Diack elastic for holding it on It was
such os may he bought in any notion
store for five cents «and of the. «ind
uced at masqurades It was folded and
erea edasif it been carried a good while in
somebody's pocket Scharn aaid that his

sister owred two such masks. but that the one
found on the floor wes not one of them

There was an atternpt made by some one on
Saturday to find «ut whether any one was at
home ii the Scharn flat There was a long
ring at the outside door about noon, said the
woman who lives upstairs, and another
ring an hour later, The caller got
no response About a month ago,
sud the sume tenant, a young man stvod out-
side the house and when the woman who was
telling of the ined ont started to @oin the man
asked her if Miss Scharn was at home.

“Ring the bell and find out?” replied the
Woman,

“No, that’s no use," the man said, “‘you find
out and let me know.”

The woman refused to do that and the man

wrentaway. He was described as a man, well
dressed, about & feet & inches tall with a
small brown mustache, blue eyes and a

freckled face,

KILLED WHEN SUCCESS WAS NEAR.

 

Mine Owner, About to Sell Out for #2,000,-
000, Meets Death in a Ranaway.

PRaw.ins, Wyo., Aug. 10.~ George Ferris,
President of the berris-Hagerty Mining Com-
pany, was killed to-day in a runaway accident
while travelling from the mine to his home in
Saratoga. He had been directing the work
of ftlghting the forest fires, which threatened
to destroy the mine buildings The tire swept
through the timber and the men were forced
to go over lo the mines to get away from it

Mr. Ferria started for home to-day and while
going down a steep hill a few miles from the
mine his tearm became frightened and ran
away, After going some distance they ran
into one of the heavy ore teams and Mr, Ferris
was thrown out, striking on his head and dying
instantly

An option was given on the mine a few weeks

ago for $2,000,000 and word wus received tos
day that the purchasers were on their way to
clove the deal, Mr. Ferris was the discoverer
of the Ferris-llagerty mine and is known us
the futher of the Grand Encampinent copper

 

district. He had been enguged in the stock
business before entering the ming fleld and
sold his sheep herds in order to develop the

  

copper property he hud located, Later Mi
Hagerty becume his partner in the mine, but
not until Mr. Ferris had spent his little fortune
in the claims

 

PUT OFF A CAR.

George W. Enright Refuses to Pay Fare a

Second Time.

George W. Enright of 129 West Thirty-
seventh street, the general manager of the
Knickerbocker Electric Light Sigu Coni-
pany, .got off a Thirty-fourth street croas-
town car at midnight last night and
boarded a Columbus avenue car. He gave

the conductor his transfer ticket, but after
riding a block the conductor demanded another
are, declaring that Faright had not given him
either money cr transfer ticket. Enright re-
fused to pay a second time

When the car stopped between Thirty-sixth
and Thirty-seventh streets to change cables,
the conductor and the gripman seized Enright

and pulled him  o' the car, beating
him, it is said, over the head
The passengers interfered and insisted that

Enright be allowed to ride. Enright boarded
the car, saving that he would ride to the offices
of the company at Fiftieth street and make a
com: laint. The conductor's number was 24
and the car 1704. There were no arrests,

THE YANG+TSE VALLEY REVOLT.

Not Directed Against Foreigners, Who Were
Told They Would Be Protected,
Special Cable Deepatch to TUK SUN,
LONDON, Alig, 20.— A despatch to the Sland-
ord from Shanxuhal, dated Aug. 17, save that the
recent outbreak at Tatung, on the Yang-tse-
Kiang, below Aganking-fu,reveals a widesoread
and important revolutionary movement in the
Yang-tae Valley, whichis not directed against
foreleners, because the leaders of the ontbreak
warned the foreten customs commis toner be-
forehand, assuring him that they would serupu-
lously Avoid injuring the persons or property of
foreigners.

TI PING HENG@ REPORTED DEAD,

Wos Wounded at Pettsang-Two Other Chinese

Commanders Killed,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

SHaNonat, Aug 19. Gen. Li Ping Heng, who
was wounded at Peit-avg, died the fol owing
day. Cheng Ye Lin, the commander, and Chang
Fa, the next in command, were both
killed in the fighting before Tung Chow, where

the allies disper ed 15,000 Chinese
Details of the capture of Pekin come inslowly.
The wires are deficient. ‘The cable from Taku

} to Chefoo is not ready yet, and the line from

Chefooto Shanghai will not be available for
three weeks,
France Henors Her Minister to Pekin,
Special Cable Despaich to THR SUN,

Panis, Auge. 19.—Concurrently with the news
of the entry of the allies into Pekin M. Pichon,
the French Miniter to China, was nominated @
Commander of the Legion of Honor.

HE
me TRON HAND NOW FOR BOERS

——.

GEN, ROBERTS ORDERS ALL TREATED
AS PRISONERS OF WAR.

 

 

Cancels His Orders Regarding Passes and
Oaths of Neutrality Barghers Have Brokea
Their Oaths and Roberts Hows to the De-
mands of England for Sterner Methods.

Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Puetorta, Aug. 10.—Gen, Roberts has issued
a proclamation cancelling bis previous order
regarding oaths of neutrality and passes, Here-
after no oaths will be taken or passes granted
and a!l the burghers will be regarded as pris-
oners of war, Houses in which armed Boers,
find shelter will be liable to razing and farms
used by the fighting burghers will be deatroyed.
Damage to the railways will be punished by
fines on land, The reasons for this action are
the lack of appreciation shown by the Boers
and their misuse of the lenity shown them,
they taking advantage of it to continue their
resistance to the British, and the continual
breaking of the oath of neutrality, which the
Government of the Tranavaal, it is said here,
has advised the burghers is not immoral.

Gen, Paget has blown up with dynamite the
pass at Hornie’s Nek, ten miles from here
Yesterday he drove the Boers out of the sur-
rounding district, killing four,

Tn the Cordua trial yesterday Detective Gano
gnve testimony rebutting the statements con-
cerning him made by the prisoner. He denied
that he orivinated the plot, but admitted that
{t was his suggestion that Cordun wo to Sil-
verton, by which act Cordua broke his parole
The Court asked the witness his nationality,
and Gano replied that he was an American
He was aitached to the British police foree
here,

Gano's evidence wasthe last. Solicitor Ber-
range, in his address to the court, admitted
that the prisoner was guilty, but he asked for
mercy. He declared that the prisoner was
the victim of a cunningly laid trap, which
appealed especially to his eccentric mind, he
having been assiduously inflamed by drink

| supplied by Gano The solicitor thanked the
| court for the privilewes allowed the defence
The counsel for the prosecution will address
the court Monday
Kitchener has relieved Col. Hoare, who
the Boers at Planda River.
The besieged made a magnificent defence
againstthe burghers, fighting from the cover
There were fifty casualties, most
j
|
|
|
|

Cien
was besieged by

of a ravine

 

 

of them being slight wounda
BADEN-POWFLL CHASING DE WET.
Latter Has Appeared Twenty Miles From

Pretoria~ls Marching North,

Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Preferta.

Prerornia, Aug, 19.--Gen, De Wet has ap-
peared north of Comman Nek, twenty miles
from here. He sent a flag of truce to Gen
Baden-Powell demanding his surrender. This
however, was only a plan to discover the strength
of the British force

Gen. Baden-Powell, seeing the rise and
hoping to detain Gen, De Wet, asked what
terms would be given him if he surrendered
The messenger was equally sharp and, having
learned the strength of the garrison, returned
to Gen. De Wet, who at once resumed his march
northward without the formality of sending
his terms to the British, Gen, Baden-Powell
is following him .

 

Paris Pleased Over De Wet's Escape.

Spectalcable Desrateh to THE SUN.

Panis, Aug. 19.-Much satisfaction is ex-
pres. ed here over the fact that the Boer General
De Wet has outmanauvred Gens. Kitchener
and Methuen and effected his escape from the
lirgely superior force that was attempting to
capture him

THE POPE'S INTEREST IN AMERICA,

| Archbishop Ireland Tells Him Americans De-
sire Independence for the Holy See,
Specia’ Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Rome, Aug. 19.—This was the Pope's name
day. Ue received a number of high Church
| dignitaries, including Arehbishop Ireland.
He asked the Archbishop what le would say
| on his return to the United States, to which
|

the Archbishop replied, expressing sentiments
of attachment to the Pope. His Holiness then
asked what the teeling of Americas Was re-
rehblshop Ireland re-

garding the situation
liberty

sponded that the Americans desired
and independence for the Holy See.

 

AMERICAN WINS QUEEN'S SCARF.

 

Reward for Bravery Given to Trooper Chad-
wick Who Was in Our Navy.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria,

PRETORIA, Aug, 19.—Gen. Roberts hus cons
firmed the award of the Queen's scarf to Trooper
Chadwick of Roberts's Horse, who wus chosen
by the troopers us most distinguished for
bravery. Chadwick proves to be an American.
He was one of the boat's crew who cut the cable
ut Santiago (Cienfuegos?),

The Queen gave four scurfs to be awarded
for bravery, one each for representutives
of the Colonial troopers froin Australia, New
Zenlund, Canada and South Africa. Africa's
scarf will therefore go to the United States

Baron Russell's Will,

Special Cable Despatch to THE Stn
LONDON, Aug, 20.~The Chronicle saya that the
will of the late Baron Russell of Killowen, Lord

Chief Justice of Englaud, only comprises a few
lines. Jt was executed during the last week of
his life. He left everything to his widow, who
is the sole exeoutrix.

STUDWELL A_ SUICIDE.

GEORGE H.

Shot Himself Through the Head~—Formerty a
Well-Known Leather Merchant.

}
|
|
!
|

George H. Studwell, a retired leather mor-
chant of this city, committed suicide at Larch-
mont yesterday morning at the home of his
son-in-law, Fugene Sanger, a_ well-known
member of the Larchmgnt Yacht Club, by
shooting himself throug™ the head with a re-
volver, Mrs. Sanger heard the shot when {ft
was fired, about 6 o'clock, and going into her

| father’s room found him lying on the bed. He
was still alive, but unconscious. Dr. H. A
Lebarbier was sent for, but the injured man
died soon after he arnved, Coroner Banning
of Mount Vernon was notified and took charge
of the case.

Mr, Studwell was 89 years old, and was for
many years @ prominent figure in the leather
trade in New York. He failed in 180s, and a
few yehrs later his wife died. Recently
had suffered from a stroke of apoplexy

misfortunes

he
Tt is
his impaired his

believed that

mind

SILK FAILURE IN PATERSON,

 

Gallant Bros, to Go ® Bankruptey—The
Liabilities Placed at $456,000,

Paterson, N. J., Aug. 10.~-The mills of the
Gallant Bros, silk manufacturers of this
city and Delhi, N. Y., closed yesterday and the
firm will go into bankruptcy. The weavers
were not paid, but they were told that they

et their money in a few days, as wages
are a first lien. The firm places its labilities
at $486,000 and its astets at $387,000. The assets
consist of the mills in this cjty and Delhi, the
machinery, manufactured stock and raw silk
The creditors are mostly raw silk
men in New York. Details will not be given
out until a trustee in bankruptcy has been ap-
pointed. :

The firm was organiged in 1891 by Walter
M., Frederick €., Frank FE. and George H,
Gallant, sons of the Rev. Walter Gallant, pastor
of the Emmanuel Paptist Chureh in this city,
They were successful in business at firet and
eare ano they built a large weave shed at

hich 250 bands. They
¢ better grades.

would
on hand,
two

Delhi in w they employed
manufactured dress silks oF th

Sun.

 

LL

Ne
neater tesla

Oo. HW. PP. BELMONT'S LUCKY NIGHT.

 

Played the Wheel at Saratoga and Kan 6100
: up to 62,600.

SaRaToua, Aug. 10.0. H. P. Belmont strolled
Into the clubhouse at about 11 o'clock laat night
sat down at a roulette table and bought $100
worth of chips. He divided his stack and made
his first play by betting half on the black and
half on the middle column. ‘The ball dropped
into a black socket whose number had its
duplicate in the column which he was playing.
Getting even money on the eolor and 2 for 1
on the column, he had won $150. After that
itmemnedas if he could not guess wrong
on color or colunm, He bad not been at the
table long before it was whispered about the
house that “Ollie” Belmont was “playing the
wheel,” and he was soon surrounded by men
four and five deep. Shortly after midnight
he had in front of him all the light red chips
in the rack and the man behind the table had
to substitute the dark reds in paying the bets
A few minutes before 1 o'clock Mr. Belmont
stopped his play and arranged the chips in
stacks of twenty each. Then he counted the
stacks and found that he had a little less than
$2,700 in front of him. He pushed all but the
smallest stack over to the man behind the
table, who counted them and in a low voice
said “Twenty-six hundred dollars.” Mr
Belmont gave an affirmative nod

“Will you have the cash or take a credit?”
asked the table tender

“Just keep it for me,” waa the reply and Mr
Belmont arose from the table and walked out
wit@® the faint suspieion of a gratified «mile
on his face. His winning is said to be the largest
of the season, when the smaltiness of the orig-
inal venture is considered

 

KILLED BY A MASHER.

W. W. Fenelon Resents the Insult Offered toa
Young Woman and Is Shot Dead,

RHINELANDER, Wis.,Aug. 10.—J. Bascom Rob-
bins, a young man from Big Sandy, Tenn,
making his first trip through northern Wis-
consin for the Chicago Crockery Company,
attempted a flirtation with one of the women
clerks in the store of Fenelon & Co,
on Saturday evening, and after being repulsed
by the woman and chased out of the store and
down the street, he shot and instantly killed
W. W. Fenelon, head of the firm who had re-
sented thefinsult to his employee.

Robbins was taken to the county jail and
afterward spirited out of the city as it was
feared that nublic feeling might result in vio-
lence. The murdered man was one of the fore-
most citizens of northern Wisconsin, He
was heavily interested in property, both in this
region and tn the State of Washington. For
fifteen years he has been at the head of one
of the largest mercantile houses of northern
Wisconsin. He leaves a widow and two young
children.

 

WAS IT A FATAL FIRE?

 

 

Possibility That Several Italians Were Caught
in a Burning Stable,

In @ fire which was disoovered early this
morning in a two-story frame stable at
the corner of fist street and Filton

avenue, which was cccupied by Jerry Altiri, an
Italian contractor, it is feared that several of
his laborers, who were in the habit of sleeping
in the stable, may possibly have been burned to
death. It isnot known that thev were burned,
but they were missed during the fite.

PAPER FOR HOBOES.

First Namber of the ‘Tourists’ Union Joar-
nal’’ Issued in Sycamore, lil,

Sycamore, Ill, Aug. 10.—The first number
of the Tourtata’' Union Journal was issued here
on Saturday from the Sycamore Democrat
office. This is the first paper of the kind that
has ever been published in the United States,
and is tobe devoted wholly to the interests of
tramps. The paper will be edited by Charles
F. Noe, organizer and “head pipe” of the Tour-
ists’ Union No. 63. The paper is made up largely
of letters from various members. The Journal
will be published monthly. The political
complexion of the paper has not been decided
upon, though the tendency is toward the Demo-
cratic party, but that will be decided upon at
a convention at Britt on Aug. 22

 

VicTiM OF THE MUB INSANE.

 

Charles Mitchell, Who Was Beaten on Wednes-
day Night, Raving at Bellevue,

Charles Mitchell, 27 years old, of 208 West
Twenty-seveuth street, is one of the negroes
who were set upon by amob of Wednesday night
and beaten about the head. Yesterday his
wife called in a policeman, who summoned
an ambulance from Roosevelt Hospital. Dr.
Hooker declared that Mitchell was insane
from his injuries. He was taken Ww Bellevue
Hospital and was placed in the insane pavilion
fie raved constantly about the riot and begged
that he be not killed, saying that he had done
nothing wrong.

DR. FRANKLIN BOOTH DIES.

 

His Legs Were Cat Of by a Trolley Car at
Elmhurst, L. I., om Satarday Night.

Dr. Franklin Booth, member cf the Board of
Healih of Queens, who was knocked down by a
trolley car in Elmburst, L. 1, on Saturday
night and lost both his legs in consequence,
died last nightin St. John's Hospital. His son

was with him at the time of his death Dr
Booth was 68 years old,
ADDICKS HAS A NEWPORT VIILA,

Parchases ‘‘Belvoir’' Whicty W. K. Vanderbilt,
Jr., Has Occupled for Two Years,

Newponr, R. 1, Aug. 10--J. Edward Ad-
dicks of Delaware has become a permanent
summer resident of Newport, having bought
one of the most attractive of its cottages. The
new home of Mr, Addicks is “Belvoir,” the Glover
house on Beacon Hill which Mr. W. K. Vander-
bilt, Jr. has occupied for two seasons. It is
not the largest villa in Newport, but it is at-
tractive and ite location is unsurpassed. It
fs built of stone and overlooks the ocean and
bay. It is several vears old, but modern in
ite fittings, and cost Mr. Glover $75,000 to build
It is taxed for $17,500, and besides the house
there ix a stable on the place,

It is said that Mr, Addicks paid about the
building price for it

 

TAYTOR DEAD.

Was Shot Through the Lange While a Rough
Rider—One of Buffalo Bili's Men,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 18 “Buck” Taylor, who
gained a reputation asa trick shot and bucking
bronco rider with Buffalo Bill's Wild West Bhow,
and who served in Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
died this morning at Providence Hospital,

At Cabin John Bridge last night Taylor suf-
fered a hemorrhage of the lungs. He was
taken in a half-unconscious condition to the
hospital, where he lingered until 10 o'clock
this morning, When in Cuba Taylor was shot
through the lungs. This wound aggravated a
pulmonary trouble from which pe suffered
and induced consumption. Taylor was a
well-known figure in Washington, where he
spent several months every year

“BUCK”

 

 

Feared a Mob of Indiana Farmers,

EVANSVILLF, Ind., Aug. 19 Joseph D. Keith,
charged with the murder of Nora Kifer, was
broucht here from Booneville late last night for
safekeepivg A mnob of 300 farmers formed a
mile below Booneville and was preparing to
storm th: ja‘ The jail is heavily guarded, as
the mob threatened to march here and take the
prisoner,

Chicago and Retare 617.00
via Lackawanna Railroad Tickets good going Avg.
25, 26 and 27. Return limit, Aug. Slipr paying 50e,
extra, Sept. 80.—Adr.

 

Fair to-day and to-morrow.

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

ADVENTURES OF A. POET.

nr

 

DUNBAR, THE NEGRO
DRUGGED AND

SINGER,
ROBUED.,

 

 

He Meets William Ricks, Colored, Drinks a
Glass of Beer and Wakes Up in « Strange
Bed Without His Watch, Diamond Ring
and $40-Ricks Has a Gorgeous New Sait.

Paul Lawrence Dunbar, the negro poet, re.
ported to the police of the West Thirtieth atraet
station last night that he had been robbed of his
valuables early on Saturday morning, His atory
is that he was stopping — temporarily
with friends in Thirty-seventh street near
Ninth avenve, This part of Thirty-seventh
street was the scene of a great deal of the trouble
in the race riot of last week

On Friday night Dunbar went among the
negroes and counselled them to keep in their
homes. He continued in this work until an
early hour on Saturday morming. As hestarted
down Sixth avenue on his way home he was
stopped by a negro,

“Why, Mr. Dunbar,” said the negro, “where
are you going?”

“I'm going home,” said Dunbar.

“You had better come with me,” replied the
negro,

“I can't place you,” said Dunbar,

“Why. I'm William Ricks,” replied the ne-
ara “You must remember me.”

Dunbar thought that it would be impolite
to say that he did not remember the man. He
answered that he was sorry thet he could not
accept the kind invitation of Mr. Ricks, He
added that he was going to his friend's house
in West Thirty-seventh street.

“Oh, you musn't go there,” replied Ricks,
“Why, that’s the very centre of the trouble,
You will get your head broken sure.”

“If ] mind my own business” replied Dun-
bar, “I guess I will not be bothered.”’

Ricks was not abashed at this hint,
but insisted upon accompanying Dunbar,
saying that if any ove got after him he,
Ricks, would protect bim, At Sixtn ave-
nue and Thirty-third street Ricks proposed
that they get a drink. Dunbar went into a
neighboring saloon with him and had
one glass of beer. He said last night
that he was positive that he had been drugged,
as that was the Jast thing that he
remembered until 3 o'clock in the afternoon
wien he found himself ina strange bed at 210
West Thirty-seventh street, The people in the
house said that they had found him in the hall-
wa) unconscious at about 4 o’clockin the morn-
ing, and, recognizing him as the author, had
put him to bed.

Dunbar found that his $150 diamond ring,
his gold watch and chain, a gold toothpick
and $40 in money were missing. He saw Ricks
last night at Thirty-seventh street and Sevtnth
avenue, in @ gorgeous new suit of clothes.
Dunbar went for a policeman, but by the timo
he returned with one Ricks had disappeared
Then he went to the West Thirtieth street sta-
tion and reported his loss.

The police say that Ricks was arrested on
Thursday night for standing on the roof ot a
house at 139 Seventh avenue and throwing
bricks and bottles on the heads of the potice-
men and the crowd in the street below.

TO WARN NEGROES OF CHICAGO.

Preacher Will Urge the People of His Race
Not to Provoke Riots,

CHicaoo, Aug. 19.—Fearful lest the New
Orleans and New York race riots may be re-
peated ia Chicago, the Rev, Reverdy C. Ransom,
superintendent of the Institutional Church at
Dearborn and Thirty-ninth streets, will ap-
pear.on the street corners this week to address
his people. He has planned two meetings
one at Thirty-first and State streets and
the other at Twenty-ninth and State streets
He means to tell his people, he says, that they
must behave in a different manner to ayoid
trouble.

“Ll have warned the policemen,” he said,
“that there may be trouble if arrests are made
in this district now. Large crowds of colored
people are permitted to congregate on the
street corners, Some night there will bea
quarrel, a few policemen will rush in to make
an arrest and they will perhaps handle some
colored man roughly. That will be a signal for
trouble, and before it is over I fear a police
man or two may be killed. Then they will
want to hunt colored people to death in this
city.

“Things are wrong in this part of the city
There are half a dozen policy shops within a
few blocks of my church. Crap games are
going on all about, I have aaked the police to
treat us like white men. They would not allow
crowds to congregate nightly in other parte of
the city. Why should they do it here? They
ought to see that people move on instead of
loitering

“I wish to see this city protected from what
has occurred in other places. Who can answer
for what might be the result of a confilet be
tween the police and a few ruflana ff the race
trouble were aroused? I shall speak fn the
strongest terms to my people and I belfeve
they will se# how Important it is that every
colored man should realize that he may be re«
sponsible for the welfare or woe of the race.”

Mr. Ransom is one of the best known men of
his race in this elty.

 

 

 

 

62,000 FROGS SOLD IN CHICAGO.

 

Jost One Day's Business- The Department
Stores Keeping Frog Tanks, ,

Crtcaco, Aug. 19.--South Water street mer-
chants report that more than 62,000 frogs were
sold yesterday in Chicago. This ts much big-
ger than the average Saturday sale, which ia
65,000, More than 300,000 are sold each week.
Almost all the department stores sell frogs ai
retail, The frogs are shipped into Chicazo
from all the néarby Western States. They
are raised in frog farma, except in low and
marshy localities, where the frogs raise them-
selves without cultivation. The croakers are
caught by «mall boys and put into boxes full
of wet grass.

The department stores have their frog tanks
upon the top floors, The frogs are hardy
creatures and manage to eke out an existence
in their city homes in the department stores
for a month without being fed. The demand
for big, fat frog legs for the table is away ahead
of the supply.

c. W. OLDRIBVE HURT.

The Professtonal Water Walker and His Wife
Tossed From a Bridge by a Train.

Boston, Aug. 19.—Prof. Charles W. Oldrieve,
the professional waterwalker, and his wife
were struck by a train of the Boston, Revere
Beach and Lynn Railroad a short distance be-
low the Point-of-Pines last night, and both of
them are now at the Lynn City Hospital, Mre

Oldrieve having a fractured pelvis. Prof
Oldrieve and his wife were walking the Pines
River bridge and had reached the centre of the
bridge when the train that is due at the Pines at
9:30 o'clock came along, The couple were atruck
and thrown into the water ‘he train was
immediately «topped and the couple were
rescued, They were taken to the Pines station
and put ona train bound for Lynn. When the
train arrived at Lynnan ambulance was waiting
to take them to the hospital

Mrs. Oldrieve was suffering greatly when
she reached the hospital. Her husband esca
with only slight injuries, although he was badly
shaken up. At a late hour they were unable
to give a correct statement of what happened,
although both of them were conacious, The
fact that two trains were near that place, bound
in opposite directions probably sav then:
from instant death he the train that struck
them was going slowly in order to pull into the
Pines station after the other train had left.

 

 

The Day Line has epectal trains to ang Sap wee
Cateckilis and Saratoga sliongside the beat =»

cre

3

Se ee ee oi)

ee ee, ee ee ee