\
‘

Are

<— See ee

—

nents

}

 

 

=

LT IN Ee Ng ER Gan

wean

RN

BATTLE ON A FERRYBOAT.

GERMAN+ITALIAN MIX-UP ON 8
SEDATE OLD WESTFIELD.

it Arose Over the Merits of Song and Oratory,
but Soath Beach Kom Was Mataly Respon-
sible Camp Chairs Flew « 4 Baseball Bate
and Fishpoles bid Great Fuecution,
‘The peace of thenpper bay was rudely broken
early yesterday morning by a disturbance on
the upper decka of the anotent and reapectable
ferryboat Weattleld. South Beach rum did it
Chatra hurtled in the air, the fragmenta of
her littering the atar-lit waves,and flats, fish-
ing poles and baseball bats did mighty execu-

tion all the way from Kobbin's Reef light to

the Battery

Phe boat waa making the next to the last trip
on which South Beach sojourners can reach Mane
hattar In the smoking ear of the train that
left South Beach just before midnight had
rome a group of Jtallans who had renohed the
oratorical stage of inebriety They had been
playing baseball all the late afternoon and
drinking whiskey all night tn Dogtown, The
wr stocracy of Bouth Beach at the end where
frankfurters arefive cents each applies to the
other end of the beach, where frankfurters Are
sold at two for five centa,the name of Dogtown
Some who are given to inquiring too closely
into other folks’ business say that the beer of
Dogtown te the stale beer of the aristocrat
end of the beach, and that the whiskey of Dog-
town {is diluted with salt water and fortified
again with wood alcohol llowever these
things may be, the liquor of Dogtown had made
the Italians from) the smoking car very merry.
So far as any one who caught the drift of the
pervading oratory could tell their heartea were
at peace with all the world except the man
who killed the good King Humbert. bvery
one of them wore in his buttonhole a photo»
wraph of the dead King, decorated with a bit
of crépe

in the first car of the same train had come
a company of Germans, Some of them had
fishing poles and their hands and aplint beskets,
odorous of fish, between their Knees They
were inclined to sing, but each was inclined
toa different song and the) differedexplosively
with one another as to the right of way ofthe
differentsongs. ‘There were fifty or sixty other
people on the train, young men and women
weary with much carrousel whirling and switeh-
back tobogganing. but there was nothing from
the engine to the rear platform of the last car
that promised atght but peace

Perhaps there would have been no trouble
{fone of the Italians had not reached the climax
of an oration just as he reached the gates be-
tween the train platform and the ferryboat
fo him just aa he held the ticket over the
ghopper’s box came an inspiration that would
not be denied. He whirled about and backed
ip againat the guide rail and burat forth with
voleanic oratory The boat was not going
nit for three minittes and there was nebody
in sight except the Italians and the Germans
the ticket chopper, a discreet man and one
of much experience with Italians, thought it
wise not to attempt to inferrupt or accelerate
the speech. The other Italians were quite
content to listen, but the Germans, who had

continued their musteal debate until they
were put out of the ear by
the train men had no. appreciation
of the virtues of the kindest and

wisest of monarchs as expressed in Italian
They came up in the middle of the orator's
peroration and swung their baskets against
his legs and otherwise showed a desire to make
him get out of their way. The Italian's friends
made protests, the Germans all grumbled at
once and the ticket chopper began to make
something of a speech on his own account
A row might have started then, but the great
bell signalled for the departure of the boat
and there was an instant adjournment of all
preceedings, with a none too courteous rush
for the boat. The Italians made for the upper
deck forward, settled In the breeziest corner
and jabbered on. They had forgotten there
was such a nation as Germany anywhere in
the world

The Germans settled on camp stools on the
wagon deck. They pondered on the conflict at
the ticket gate and now andthen one of them
would remark to another that Itallans were
loafers and ought not to be allowed to wander
at large where they disturbed the philosoph'o
calm of civilized persons. They reached the
conclusion after awhile that an insult had been
perpetrated and they said they wished they
had not let the ocoasion pass so peacefully.
Then the song virus reasserted itself, and with
a few preliminary murmurings the whole party
of them in chorus started the harmonies of

“Ach du Lieber Augustini"

They sang loud and they sang low, When
they were singing their lowest there came from
the upper deck a stacoato shriek:

“Tl buono, il grande, il magnifico Umberto!"

The praises of the Dear Augustine stopped
short. The singers bounced to their feet unani-
mously.

“Onoe again, is it?” they thundered at each
other and glared violently at the unsuspeot-
ing Italians above.

“Lat's go see,” suggested one, gloomily.

In solemn procession they marched through
the lower cabin and up the stairs to the prom-
enade deck. They paused at the head of the
stairs and assured one another that they were
to make no fights with unwomhy persons,
They were merely to see if they had been in-
sulted intentionally. If they had, then they
would call the policeman and have the Italians
put off the boat

They walked in single file out to the oorner
in which the Italians were sitting. While
the leader of the line was wondering just how
he was to find out if they had been insulted
and at the same time keep out of a fight his
meditations were interrupted by &@ sweeping
gesture of the prevailing orator, who was
Rafaelo Musolino of 66 Union street, Brook-

lyn. The gesture sank Geop into the Ger-
man's rotundity and all further doubts as to
insults were foreve ismissed.

“Ged owid!" said the German, prodding Thu-
solino in the back with his fishing pole. The
Itallan bounded up, seizing his camp chair us
ne rose and swung it at the German's head.
His grip on the stool was loose and it flew wide
and emashed # cubin window

In two minutes the whole forward end of
the boat was in an uproar. A young man
who had been slumbering with his head on
the lap of his best girl, on the inside of the
broken window, ap on the outer deck
with metaphorical blood in his eye and real
blood all over the side of his nose, He ran
plump into a German fisherman who was run-
ning for safety.

"fa you do that?* inquired the young man.

f you don't stop,” sputtered the German,
“I ged der bolice. Ged owid.” @

That bluff don't go,” snorted the young mar,
‘See how you like it yourself!" He smashed
his fist inio the German's nose as nearly as
vossible to the place where he had himself
een struck by the fiving glass from the window
‘Then the girl inside screamed and leaped at
the young man's neck and begged him not to
wet Killed for nothing. Every man in the cabin
made for the promenade About one out of
every three who passed out of the doors came
into collision with somebody else and started
a fresh fight. In two minutes nothing could
be heard but cuss words and the crash of camp
stools. The air waa full of camp stools and
every littl while one of them or the pieces
of one would fly clear of the side netting into
the bay

Joseph MeCarthy, the special policeman on
the boat, made a wild charge into the turmoil
followed by two deckhands. He seized the
first fighfers he saw and senarated them, only
to see out of the corner of his eve another fight
that was more serious than the one he had in-
terrupted. He rapped the men in his hands
sharply and went alter the new fighters. The
two who had been separated blundered against
others who had separated of their own accord
and were quickly involved in dew conflicts
Ky exercise of the utmost agility and general-
shin, however, and with the loval aid of the
deckhands and the few passengers who were
peaceably inclined MeCarthy succeeded at
last in breaking up the tangle and keeping the
tiost. deterinined fighters away trom one
another, though there was no time when the
erratic filuht of camp chairs about the forward
dek ceased altogether. To him, as he was
taking breath trom bis labors came Fdward
Lersner of 851 West Porty-ninth street

Arrest him!” he shouted pointing into the
dark corner at Rafaelo Musoline, around whom
® xX or seven Italiane were in violent conversa-
tlon, restraining him the while from his ap-

rent intention to demolish the erftire ferry -
at.

Leave him alone,” said the policeman.
“Arrest hit! demanded erener. “I
an American citizen and 1 know my rights.”

“What's he done to vou?” inatired Re poll er-
man, the after

 

am

leraner, pulling policeman

arabbed

Italians,
Masoling by the coat and started to drag hing
“

him, shouldered into the

ow ‘There wae oan eruption of brandished
camp choirs, a baseball bat ewung out of the

nidet of thet circled once or twiee on high
nnd descended @ ith great force upon Loranens
head, MeCarthy leaped toto the mS e, Me
cane one dragging Musolino, whom he put

aguinel! a post and persuaded te be good
Meanwhile the excitement of the arrest and
roman bad been knocked down

the boat, and the sleeping stot
the boat bumped ite wa Into

the news that
apread over
woke mga a

the «lilo Inatinetively the passengers began
moving down todhe wagon deck, But they
fought as they moved and MeCarthy with his

TiROLOT, WAM to atop the fights
(he confilet awept unbroken, out into White
hall wireet The woren atone the paasenmera
came off in a hods (hey ran for the elevated
stnirway across tha etreet from the ferry house
and perched thereon, calling to “Tom” and
Charley" and the reat to come away and stop
fro Wihltelball street seemed full of little groups
of men in the middle of each of which was one

power lens

sellin legwome Lemnime at him! Lemine
have Juet one crack at hin!” while the rest
murmured pacificatory words

Por half an hour after MeCarthy had taken
Miisolino to the OldSlipstation they quarrelled
Leraner, whose head was cnt open, was fixed
up by ah ambulance surgeon at the police
station end went home “Musolino was dis-
charged the Centre street police court, as
Magistrate Crane conld not satisfy himself that
the prsoner was the wielder of the baseball
bat

SUICIDE APTER A QUARREL

The Husband Didn't Answer Lovers’ Signal
and the Wife Killed Herself,

Parensox, Nod, Atta. 19 Annie MeLain
took enough carbolle acid to kill a dozen per-
sons thismorning, and died afew minutesafter-
She had quarrelied with her husband
at their home, 249 Market street, and she went
a friend's house at 35 West atreet, where
she took a large vial full of the pofeon

Wren they were lovers they were accustomed
to arrange their meetings on Sunday mornings
when the chimes of St. John's Church rang.
‘They eloped five years ago and were married.
Phils morning Mrs. Melein sent a note to her
husband after leaving her home that {f he did
not meet her at 85 West street as St. John's
chimes were ringing she would end it all The
note did not reach McLain in time to respond
to the old time lovers’ signal, and the woman
carried out her threat

ward

i"

MIDWIFE COMMITS SUICIDE.

Was Arrested Recent'y When Skeleton of a
Child Was Found tn Her Cellar.

Mrs. L‘zzie Frazer. fl veara old, committed

siicids at her home, 441 Furinan street, Brook-

Iyn, yesterday morning by inhaling illuminating
gas. Oneend of a pleceol tubing was attached
tothe gas jet and the other end was in her

Mra. Fraver, who was a midwife, was

arrested on Aug. \Lafter the skeleton of a child
was found in the cellarof her nome. A boy
named Lennon while hunting through the cellac
fora musical instrumeot made the discovery.
He said he reported the matter to Mrs. Frazer,
who advised him to throw it away He
notified Detectivs Gannon of the Amiry street
station Mrs. Frazer waa arraigned before
Migistrate Bristowin the Butler street police
court and wns held in ¢600 to await examination
on Wednesday next.

“DESERTED HER FOR

mouth

SUZETTTE."’

A Young French Woman's Resson for At-
tempting to Kill Herself.

Tenants in the flat-house at 218 West Thirty-
fifth street smelled gas yesterday afternoon
and started in to find the leak. Soon every
tenant in the house was engaged in the search
except Margaret Tenonand, years old, @
French girl, who lived on the ground floor,
Her door was broken in and «he was found un-
conscious on the floor The windows we
closed and plug ved up with newspapers, an
every gas jef in the room waa turned on.

An umbulance surgeon from Roosevelt Hos-
pital noticed burns us if from acid on her lips.

nvestigution showed thut she had tried to
sewlow some acid, but that the pain had caused
her to spit it out. She was removed to Belle-
vue Hospital a prisoner. A letter found tn the
room, written in French, declared that she
had no desire to live, as Frank had deserted
her for Sugette

27

 

JOHN ALIGERLIER'S BODY

 

Found by a Young Woman—He Had Bees
Missing and Had Killed Himself.

While walking through the bushes along
North Hempstead turnpike,near Newtown, 1. I.,
yesterday afternoon, Miss Madeline Klein
of Newtown Heights found the body of a man,

She notified the police dbo examined the body.
A letter was found in the pocket of the man's
coat showing that he was John Allgertier,
a German Inborer of 670 First avenue, whose
disappearance was reported to the police almost
a month ago,

The letter was addressed to William Rerzog,
who lived with Allgerlier, and said that All-
geriler was tired of life and thathe had deter-
mined to kill himself. A revolver was in the
grass near the body.

MADE A ROPE OF HIS BEDDING.

 

Unsuccessfal Effort of a Roy to Hang Himself
in Harlem Court Prison,

Frank Powers, 18 years old, of 16 Fast Ninth
street, who was in the prison attached to the
Harlem court awaiting examination to-day
on a charge of larceny, attempted to commit
suicide in his cell yesterday. He tore his bed-
ding into strips, fastened one end of the rope

he thus secured to a piece of iron pipe in th

top of his cell, and arranged a noose aroun

his neck. Then he threw himself forward
He was unconscious when he was discovered
hy one of ‘he keepers and cut down. He was
removed to Bellevue Hospital and placed in
the prison ward there when he was resuscitated.

 

Hanged Himself Because of Two Deaths tn
His Familiy.

York, Pa, Aug. 19.—Fred M. Babn, aged 45
years, atone time a well-known schoolteacher
In this county, committed suicide to-day by
hanging himself in his barn. The loss of a wife
about @ year ago and the death of his house-
keeper yesterday caused him to lose his mind.

Lady's Matd Nearly Kiied by Gas.

Margaret Lenormand, a lady's maid, 24 years
old, living at 218 West Thirty-fifth street, was
found unconscious{n her room yesterday after-
noon with the gas turnedon. She was taken to
Bellevue Hospital and recovered there. She {4
held on suspicion of attempted suicide as she
wont talk about herself

 

Girl Commits Suicide.

Ella Thompson, 20 years old, who boarded
with Willlam Wegge at 974 Leonard street,

Greenpoint, committed suicide yesterday by
swallowing paris green,

CROWD AT THE AQUARIUM.

   

More Than 13,000 Persons Went to Havea
Look at the Fishes Yesterday.

MiThe Aquarium at the Battery was visited by

more than 12,000 persons yesterday. The tanks

containing the fine collection of tropical
fish, many of which are brililantiy
colored, and the seals were the most
popular objects with the visitors. ‘The seal
which delights in filling its mouth with
water and then sprinkling all ersons
who come within range was particularly

active during the visitors’4 hours, and Co}
Jones, the Superintendent, declared last even-
ing that he thoughtevery visitor was wet when
the doors were closed,

“Tha seal is a remarkable addition to the

Aquarium, said Col. Jones “It knows
what it is doing and enjoys the joke.
Why, that seal is as solemn as an

undertaker when no onels around except the
pttendents, but_as soon as a visitor appaars It
yegins to grin, fills its mouth with water and
wets him down when he gets In range ‘

TOO MANY ORDERS FOR GUNSTOCRS,

Demand From Europe Will Keep an
American Factory Busy Until 1002.

Tenne Haute, Ind,, Aug. 19 -The European
representative of the Langton Gunstock Fac-
tory, which has made a specialty of walnut
stocks for army guns, has just returned from
abroad with instructions not to take more orders
The orders now in hand cannot all be flled
before 1992. The company is instructed to
keep secret whence the ordera came, but it
was said that 100,000 stocks for early shipmont
are to go to liege, Belgium. That orders
were taken at Berlin and London among other
eapitals is true. The representative of the
company saya that the Chinese aituationcaused
those with whom he negotiated to impose even
greater secrecy than usual

 

More People ana Better People

this reason you will realize «@ quicker
through advertieing in ita columna than
@uy other medium.
summer resort remember this, ~Ade,

reaponse

—

 
 

|

 

Read Tur Su than any other paper published. For |
| workday

through | After the first strike was seitied, Cameron said,
If you conduct @ desirable | the conditions which led to the strike were coa-

THE SUN, MOND

ROOSEVELT 10 GEN, PALMER

GOVERNOR REPLIES TO CRITICISM OF
nis ST, PAUL SPHRECH

 

Saye That Report the General Read Had licen
FalsiNed—Expliaines His Reference to the
Cowardly Work of the Kansas City Plat-
form HMulilders Mas Nothing to Take Back,

OrsTen Bay, 1. 1., Aug, 19.--Gov. Hoosevelt
gave out to-day the following letter which he
has written Gen, Palmer in reply to the Cen-
eral'a oriticisin of the Governor's St. Paui

oe Overen Hay, Aug. 9, 1000,
M. Daimer, Heanston, Lit

My Dean General Parmer: 1 notice that fn
your recent very maoly Interview stating
why you could not support the Populistio
Democracy and the Kansas City platform and
nominees, you allude to a statement 1 was
supposed to have made, attacking Democrats
generally jo my St. Paul speech

You have evidently seen a report which
was not merely garbled, but falsified, 1 stand
by this speech absolutely, and have nothing
to explain in connection with it; but 1 do wish
to point out where its meaning has been de-
liberately inverted,

1 do not feel that this ts in the least a merely
party campaign, 1 feel that wo have a right
to uppeal to all good ettizens, whether to the
past they have been Republicans or Democrats,
no matter what their political affiliations have
been, to stand with us now.

In my speech | began by saying’ “We appeal
not only to Republicans, but to all good citizens
who are Americans in fact as well as in name,
to help us in reélecting President McKinley.”
1 ended by aaying: “Study the Kansas City
platform and you cannot help realizing that
their policy (the policy of ita makers and spon-
sors) is a policy of infamy, that their triuinph
would mean inisery so widespread that it is
almost unthinkable and a disgrace so lasting
that more than a generation would have to
pass before tt could be wiped out. They stand
for lawlessneas and disorder, for dishonesty and
dishonor, for Hcense and disaster at home
and cowardly shrinking from duty abroad.
We ask the support of all Americans who have
the welfare of the country at heart, no matter
what their political aMliations may have
been {n the past, We ask the support of all
sound-headed men who do not wish to see
our material wellsbeing swallowed up in an
abyss of disaster, We appeal to all good men
who believe in efvic decency and shrink from
the taint of financtal dishonor, and we appeal
to all brave men who are proud of the national
name and reputation, and ask them to see to ft
that we are not humiliated before mankind,
and that we do not abandon the position we
have taken inthe forefront of the great nations
of the earth.”

You. will see that here I most explicitly draw
the line between the men who support and
ask support for the Kansas City platform
and all other eltizens, whether Democrats
or Republicans. I feel that, as a matter of
fact, the greatest possible credit {s due to men
like vou, my dear afr, and to the other Gold
Democrats, who four years ago stood, and
now stand, for national honor.

I hold up the polioy advocated {n the Kansas
City platform as a base and cowardly policy,
to emphasize our right to apneel to the count-
lesa thousands of high-minded Democrats
who abhor bhaseness and cowardice, and are
quick to see and disown them, We appeal to
these Democrats to etrike hands with us at
this crials of the nation's history, for they have
bean betrayed in the house of thelr friends;
and, if they are far-sighted, they must neces-
sariir see that every principle of courage,
of patriotiem and of national self-respect de-
mands that they repudiate the action of the
Populistio Democracy by which they have
been at this moment betrayed, just as under
aimilar circumstances the Northern Demo-
crata during the Civil War repudiated the
principles of the men like Vallandingham,

Hon. John

Just as in 1812-14 the Northern Federalists
repudiated their party under the like con-
ditions.

In short, I feel that the Kansas City plat-
form makers and thefr followers have for
felted the right to appeal to any Democrat
who is keenly sensitive to the national honor.

They claim the late Gen. Lawton as a Demo-
erat. Doubtless he was such at one time,
but the bitterest arralanment of the Kansas
City platform {ts contained in the words Law-
ton wrote just before his death: “If I am
shot by a Filipino bullet it might as well come
from one of my own men, because I know,
from observation, confirmed by captured
prisoners, that the continuance of the fighting
is chiefly due to reports that are sent out from
America.” Very respectfully yours,

Turopone Roosrve.t,

 

SHOT HIS SISTER.

Intended the Bullet for Hits
Brother-tn-Law.

Michael Constablio of 424 East 115th street,
tried to kill Giuseppe Iiguori, his brother
In-law, last night and instead put a

bullet in the right’ lung of his sister
Franoesoa, who ts Liguori's wife. All live tn
the same apartments. Laat night Constahlio
came home drunk and ordered his sister to cook
him some supper. Liguori told her not to do it.
The men got into a fight. Constablio drew a
revolver and aimed it at his brother-in-law.
Francesea sprang in between the inen as her
brother fired and received the bullet. She was
eent to the Harlem Hospital in a dangerous
een Constablio escaped.

HUGGED BY A HOBO BRAR.

Coastabilo

 

Sleeping With Its Master tn a Freight Car It
Resented a Policeman's Intrasion.

Baratoca, Aug. 19.--Toliceman Jones of
Ballston Spa was searching freight cars for
hoboes lust night when he s4w something tn
u box cur thut attracted his attention. He
approached the object and supposed he was
about to nab a tramp, when he was hugeed
by a bear that was travelling with his master,
The oflcer retreated after the bear had released
him from its grasp

CUBA'S SUCCESS AT PARIS FAIR.

Many Prizes Awarded for the Island's Ex-
hibits—President Thanked.

WASHINOTON, Aug. 19.—The Secretary of War
received the following cable message from
Paris to-day:

“Great success, Cuba obtains 140 Prise.
Please convey to President and Cabinet Cuba's
aratitude for interest and support in givi
us opportunity to show our resources an
progress QURSADaA."

 

Tambled Off His Wheel and Broke His Arm.

Joseph Jette, 26 years old, of Ninety-first
street and Central Park West, while riding
down the bill at. 145th gtreet and Eighth avenue
last night fell off his Wheel His left arm was
broken ond he received a number of scalp
wounds and contusions. He was taken to the
J. Hood Wright Hospital.

A Boy Falls Down an Airshafr.

Joseph Clark, S years old, of 659 Ninth ave-
nue, while playing around the New York Thea-
tre yesterday afternoon lipped and fell down
an airahaftinto the engine room. He landed
on his head, He was taken to the New York
Hosvital, where it was said that he had con-
cussion of the brain and probably would die.

 

 

The Cigarmakers' Strikes May Be Settled
To-day.

The Strike Committea of the Cigarmakers’'
Union held a meeting yesterday in Bohemian
National Hal), where the Arbitration Commit-
tee which hae been conferring with the manu-
facturing firms incividually made its report
It wasseidthatakindof agreement had been
made with the manufacturing firma, subject to
ratification by the employers. Meetings of the
strikers will be held to-day in various halla to
consider the terms. If they are agreed to, the
strikes willbe declared off, if not, another at-
tempt at a settlement may be made

Strike Settled and Then Ordered On Again.

At yesterday's meeting of the Central Feder-
ated Union Delegate Cameron of the Interna-
tional Association of Machinists reported thata
atrike of machinists at the factory of the De
LaVergne Relrigerativng Company, Port Morris,
which bad ben recently settled had been
ordered on again. Thestrike was fora shorter
and agains! non-union conditions

|] Unued

 

e/a SS A

|

 

|
|

.

   

AY, AUGUS

TURNED DOWN MR, DURAND.

 

The ©, F, U, Refuses Information to a Mem-
ber ©! the U. . Industrial Commission.

The Central Federated Union put ftaelf on
record yesterday na refusing togive the United
States [Industrial Commission information
which it sought regarding strikes, wages,
hours of work, and «o fort! The request for
the information was made by A. B. Durand,
“ meinber of the commission, Who was first al-
lowed the privilege of the floor and then heard
the commission denounced by the delegates
Mr. Durand said that the. commission had
wained a reputation for itaelf by tts investian
Hon of trusts, and that it was prepared to make
as thorough an investigation of labor condl
tlons ble wsked that the anew 7 appended
to questions on a paper he produces

A tumber of delogates got up and objected
Delegate Brown of the cl@armakers declared
thatthe ©. FU. was suspicious of the motives
of the cotumission

‘We have a right to be suspicious,” he sald
“The commission is simply a lobbying concern
We have nothing to do with lobby ista ,

Other delegates said the C. FL U. waa not
afraid of publicity and ought to give the infor-
tration A chorus of objections arose

“The membere of the commission are the
tools of canitaliata.” anid Delegate Rubin of the
writers They have nothing in) common
with we

Mr. Durand looked more and more surprised
as the dixcussion went on. Everybody tried
1o speak at once, the Tammany men shouting
that tt was a political scheme, and that the
C.F. U. waa not a political body :

Don't @ive away any information

delegate

T move,” sald Delegate Barr of the Amal-
gamated Sheet Metal Workers, “that we give
the commission a copy of the preamble to our
constitution and request him to use his en-
deavors to get ita recommendations enacted
into laws.’

Philip Kelly of the Theatrical Protective
Union, a Tammany man, aald the whole matter
was politles, The meeting decided by 4 vote
not to give Mr, Durand the intormauon he
wanted. The secretary was Instructed to
aive Mr. Durand a cony of the preamble to the
constitution of the C. F . presumably to
oer and refresh him, and Mr, Durand then
ett.

 

sald a

THE PORTO RICAN STRIKERS.

They Appeal to the Soctal Democrats and the
Cc. FU. for Assistance.

The leadors of the Socialist Democratic party
have received a letter from Alwin Huschler ask
ing for help for the strikers in and around San
Juan, Porto Rico. Hurchler writes as the secre-
tary of the Federation Libre, a sort of central
body of trades »nionists in San Juan, He save
that twenty strike leaders, including bdourde
Conde and Santiago Lxlasias, two Socialist dele-
gates who visited New York some time ago,
were arrested in San Juan and that all the
Porto Rican newspapers are against the sirike

The letter was read at yesterday's meeting of
the Central Federated Union, Ludwig Jabion-
owsky, a Socialist, said that the strike, which
invo.ved the bricklayers, cigarmakers, cf&r-
penters and laborers, was for an increase in
wages, There had been a rumor that the
United States Government would not accept
the native money inexchange. Jablonowsky
sad this caused a panic, The peavis the prin-
cipal native coin and represents 60 cents
Everything that sold for a peso went up to the
price of an American dollar. Renta rose in the
same proportion and the etrikers demanded

yay in American dollars fostead of in pesos
ricklayers who received 8 pesos ($1.9) a day
demanded $3

It was decided by the C. F. U. to ask Presi-
dent McKinley toactin the matter. The Presi-
dent was referred to as ex-Brother McKinley.
It wan also decided to send a small subscription
to the strikers and to ask the aMliated unionsto
subscribe.

WILL LEAVE THE KNIGHTS.
Three Large New York Local Assemblies to
Join the A. F. of L.

Three New York local assemblies of the
Knights of Tabor, representing the letter
carriers, stationary engineers and stationary
firemen, it was announced yesterday, have
decided to leave the Knights of Labor and
join the American Federation of labor. It
was said that the seceders are dissatisfied

with the methods of the Knights and believe
that the grips, passwords and “secret work”
of the Knights ought to be things of the past.
Two local assemblies of stationary engineers
and firemen, which are already in the A. F
of L., have protested against the admission
of the two locals of the same trades. It is said
the protests will he overruled

The engineers and firemen who want to get
{nto the Pederation have applied for charters,
but the letter carriers have decided to defer
their aplication until after the convention
of the National Leiter Carriers’ Association,
which meeta in Detroit on Labor Day. As-
semblyman Samuel Prince, who was formerly
President of the Central Federated Unton, and
{a now an organizer of the A. F. of L., is trving
to form a new union of duilding laborers to
be affiliated with the A. F. of L. and has been
using his influence with the three untons named,
which have an aggregate membersh!p of about
8,000, to leave the Knights,

MAY NOT LOAD FRENCH SHIPS

 

That Is, tf Members of the French Navy Con-
tinue to Act as Firemen Aboard Them,

A complaint was made at yesterday's meet
ing of the Central Federated Union by Dele-
gate Gildemetster of the Atlantic Coast Sea-
men’s Union that during the strike of the en-
gineers and firemen on the steamships in the
port of Havre, Franoe, the French line steam-
ships were manned by members of the French

Nuvy. He said that the steamship Ia Bre-
tagne came here with naval men as firemen.
A resolution was passed to the effect thut the
longshoremen here should be asked to refuse
to load or unload vessels manned by members
of the French Navy.

Gildemeister also said that hia organization
had libelled the three-masted schooner José
Oliveri, which arrived from Havana lately, to re-
cover three days’ pay which the members of
the orew had been fined. He said that when
the schooner was at Havana the captain would
not let the men wash “se decks for fear vellow
fever germs were in the water. When they
demurred hecause he asked them to wash the
decks on Sunday they were “logged” and fined
on their arrival here. Gildemeister had an-
other complaint about the schooner Kane
which is trading {n Southern waters. He said
that the food furnished to the crew was below
the legal scale

 

THE c. F. U, WANT SLEUTHS.

A Capvasser for Advertisements Sald to Be
Collectiag Money Fraudulently.

Assemblyman Samuel Prince, ex-delegate of
the cigar packers, was allowed the privilege of
the floor at yesterday's meeting of the Central
Yederated Union, and saldthat the head of a
firm of sausage manufacturers had showed
him receipts for money paid a canvasser for
advertisements in_an alleged souvenir whioh
the Central Labor Federation was supposed to
be cetting ont. The Central Labor Federation
had gone out of existence before the cate of
theae recsipte, but somehow this canvasser
managed to get possession of its old seal.

A committee was appointed to see Capt.
McClusky of the Deteotive Bureau and ask him
to put some of his sleuths on the case.

SHIRT-WAIST GIRLS TO STRIKE.

 

 

 

 

They Want an Increase of About 90 Per Cent.
in Their Wages.

A atrike of 125 shirt-walst makers In the
factory of M. J. Nathan, 115 Spring street, to go
into effect to-day has been ordered by the Shirt-
Waist Makers’ Union to force an advance of
about 90 per cent. in wages. The shirt waist

makers, who are ail girls, were receiving 10);
cents a plece for a certain atyle of shirt waist
and demanded 18 and 19 cents. Ten ten girls
were discharged, {! {s said, for objecting to the
wages offered and the case was laid betore the
union. It is a new organization and at once
ordered a strike

DOESN'T HOLD A CITY OFFICE.

President Archibald of the ©. F. U. Restored
to Favor Among His Associates,

Paperhangcer James P. Archibald, President
of the Central Federated Union, was charged
by Delegate Daly of the Metal Polishers a week
ago with being a salaried inspector of the

Department of Highways, which, according to
the rules ofthe ©. F.U., would disqualify him
as a deegate, A committee which was ap-
pointed to find outall about it reported yester-
day that the charge was unfounded.

Organizer of Union Discharged for Settling
a Strike.

The Custom Tailors’ Union of New York re-
ceived a letter yesterday from a local union of
custom tallors in Chicago saying that John
Capes, a general organizer of the Journeymen
Tailors’ National Union, to which the custom
tailors’ unions belong, had beer dismissed from

office for settling a strike and lockout in
Chicago without consulting the National Ex-
ecutive Board of the union. There is no ocom-
plaint of the terms on which the trouble was
settled. The letter says the dismissal of Capes
Was unwarranted and tyrannical and asks local
unions here and elsewhere to condemn it.

rag snl irae ccm enemies: eee

T 20, 1900.

RABBI HIRSCH ON VOTING. |

 

WILL SUPPORT M'KINLEY BALCAUSE UE
DISTRUSTS BRYAN.

Although He Hasn't Approved the Philippiacs’
Polley He Finds It Better Than the Hryan
Substitute Says He Will Vote asa Citizen
and Not as Jew Race Appeals Wrong.

Cnicaco, Aug, 190--A letter from Dr. Finil

GQ Hirsch to 1. Blumenthal on the political

situation has been made public, The letter,

after expreasing hearty concurrence in the
views of Mr. Blumenthal, who believes that
the solution of the problems now before the
country lisa with a conservative Administra-
tion, says

“LT cannot make up my mind, becatise some
details of my party's policy fail of my approval,
to confide the direction of the nation's affairs
to a party whose fundamental principles on
are dinmetrically op-

almost every question

posed to what I deem essential for the con-
tinned prosperity of our country. The cry
of militarism cannot frighten me; the day

will never dawn when conseription will be
thought of or proposed or enforced by any
President or law in this Republic.

"IT do not like the position in which we find
ourselves with reference to the Phil ppine
Islands, But ealm study of the matter bas con-
firmed my first impression that there was no
helping of the diMculties unless we had resolved
from the very outset to leave the Philippines
to their own fate. To do this would have
been dishonorable. The Democratic platform
does not declare that we have no duties in the
islands, It assumes that we are responsible to
the world tor the establishment of a stable gov-
es)ment there, andalso for the continuance of
the independence of that government from
foreign aggression and interference.

“L could understand that we might declare
ourselves for immediate abandonment of tho
islands without further care for their govern-
ment or future fate. But the scheme of our
opponents amounts to saddling iipon us a re-
sponsibility without corresponding authority
and without the possibility of protecting our-
selves nuainst the follies or wickeduess of the
Philippines people, Without the consent
of the Powers we cannot establish a protec-
torate, If we do establish one without the
consent of the other Powers we must be pre-
pared to have our claim disputed and our de-
sires ignored. This will lead to interminable
dificeulties, It will force us to be prepared to
fo war alt aby moment With any Power
This will open the door to the very militarism
which our ope lustiuv now decry

‘For these reasons Lagree with Senator Hoar.
1 prefer to trust MeKinley and influence the
policy of my. party later in a way to @ive the
distant islinds the best and freest government
wossible, | ecannot trust a party that has been
tratrureeital in foreing the adoption of the
treaty iu the Senate and now holds the Presi-
dent responsible for doing his duty

“tad T the decision I should willingly aban-
don the islands, but as this course would amount
to pure selfishness and to an ignoring of ro-
sponsibilities which we have created or which
have come to tis in course of a war for which
none clamored more loudly than the Demo-
eratic party, I should prgpably be alone in my
decision to run away, The Democratic plat-
form does not propose to take the only logical
step, namely, pure and simple abandonment
it would impose upon us a duty without the
corresponding right

“T have the highost esteem for Mr. Alschuler.
I never have had the honor o! meeting him, but
all that know him are unanimous tn testifying
to his nobility of character and his ability

“The fact that 1 am a Jew and Mr. Alschuler
{s of Jewish parentage cannot infilvence my
action, ldonot vote asa Jew, but asap Ameri-
ean citizen, What would we say if Methodists
would appeal totheir co-religionista to support
a Methediat because he is 4 member of their
Church? Lf we are so foolish as to vote for a
Jew simply because he is a Jew we must be pre-
pared to have others voteagainst Jewish can-
didates because these are Jews,
teaches loyalty to principles,

Were | a Democrat 1 should certainly vote
for Mr. Alachuler, and In go doing would find
pleasure and take pride in the thought that one
of my coreligionists—one of the religious fam-
{lv whose patriotism and honesty are so often
doubted. was recognized to be well qualified
for xo high and honorable a trust

“But as k am not a Democrat, and as I be-
llave that In the present crisis it ts well not to
awap horses, I cannot have my Judatsm tn-
fluence me in any other = than to lead me
to cast my ballot for Judge Yates while admir-
ing the character and ability of bis opponent
as much as any man may

“There is and there ought to be no such thing
asa Jewish vote. Itisnasinsane as would be
a Catholic vote. Aebrew marching clubs,
no matter under what banner, are an insult to
the spirit of our institutions, We vote aa citi-
zens and notas members of a réligious fra-
terntty. Yours as ever faithfully.

“Emit G

——-

WATER FAMINE IN ALASKA.

Klondike Output Will Be Affected—Geries of
Earthquakes Reported.

Vanoorven, B. C., Aug. 19-—The steamer
Cutch arrived from Skagway to-day, bringing
the news that owing toa water famine mining
{a seriously impeded and the gold output will
be greatly affected. Unless rain comes before
winter only 50 per cent. of the oontemplated

out ut wl be realized. in

ondike is experion¢ another series of
earthquakes, The carte han been trembling
for three days. It is said that a mountain
sixteen miles north of Dawson has been eplit in
two and a mountain stream is pouring through
the ravino.

A Bank Cashter Batids a Launch.

Fast Ornancr, N. J., Aug. 10.—Frank R.
Wickes, whois cashier of the People's Bank of
East Orange, has just completed work on a

handsome and commiodious launch. Mr, Wickes,
who tsaskiiful mechanic, constructed the en-
tire craft himself, starting work last March and
devoting all his spare noments to the task. The
launch has @ gasoline engene.

Memortal to the Rev. Thomas Hooker.

Hartrorp, Conn., Aug. 19—-A Hooker me-
morial window has been placed in the historical
old Center Church in honor of the Rev. Thomas
Hooker, who was one of the original 100 found-
ers of Hartford, having come here in 1696 from
Cambridge, Mass. The design shows the in-
terior of the firat meeting bouse of Hartford,
with the pastor addressing his congregation

menis so

ArrscH.”

 

 

 

¢

Golf Cloths, |

Three New Lots,

at % Price.

The demand for this class
of goods has been so great
that we have decided to put
them on sale now, although
they were purchased for our
fall trade,

35 different styles, 54 to 56
inches wide, at

SI.00

a yard,
Bicycle Suztings,

in all the desirable fall shades,
(full 54 inches wide), at

5O cts.

a yard,
Very special offering.

Lord 8 Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St

 

LL TLR NN TaN I RULE i Osa GA IR a ra amaeamarn are Aa
on eps yalany Bh tay oes

 

Judaism |

 

  

FEARS ENGLAND IN CHINA.

An American Harrying Home From Shanghal
to Tell His Employers to Waton,
Darras, ‘Tex, Ave. 1% Walter ¢ Hoxton
apent Sunday in Dallas on the way to his home
in Boston, Mass, direct from Shanghal, China,
Mr. Koxton has been representing important
business intereats of Boston cap/talista in China
and ts hurrying home to lay the situation before
his employers, He insists that the commeretal
interests of the Unlted States and the welfare
of China are seriously menaced by Great Brit-
nin, particulurly tn the eouthern part of the

Kmpire. Among other statements Mr Roxton

made this

In the present crisis 1 sympathize with the
Chinese people, If left to themselves, with
their present knowledge of modern Western
civilization as 4 basis to operate tipon, 1 believe
in n generation or two they will work out @
magnificent dostiny. But an almost instan-
taneous revolution of conditions, physical
mental and moral, that have exisved for xeveral
thousand vears is sought to be forced upon
them without proper growth and preparation
to receive them, Neither Great Britain nor
any other Buropean nation has any more right to
dominate China than has the United States,
and we have none. The military establish.
ments of the Powers are making catspaws ©
the missionaries. ‘The Powers don't care a
snap for the misalonaries, They want an ex-
couse to partition China Tnless they are
checked, the United States will soon find itself
cutout of all commercial opportunities in Asia
This is a plain outline of what I shall tell my
enmloyers when I reach Boston. |

“The details, | belleve, will convince them, and
I hope the combined commercial interests of
the country identified with the trade of the
Orient will be able to devise a policy to protect
themselves.”

 

TROOPS SAIL FOR CHINA TO-DAY.

Second, Fifth and Eighth Infantry Battalions
WII Go on the Sherman.

Ban Francisco, Aug. 19.-Troops under
rush orders to sal! for Chinu on the transport
Sherman to-morrow are expected to arrive
here to-duy. The force consists of the sec-
ond buttalion of the Second Infantry from

Fort Thomas, Ky., and the third battalion
of the Fighth Infantry from Fort Snelling,
Minn. A battulion of the Fifth Infantry, now

at the Presidio, will ulso go on the Sherman,

A battalion of the Second Infantry and two
battalions of the First Infantry, due here the
latter purt of next week, will sall on the Logan
on Sept. 1. A battalion of the Fifth and a

 
 
 

 

Even if a stranger in our city
you should feel at home in our
stores, for we have two branch
stores in your city—in every
town and city in the United
States—the Express and the
Post Office.

Clothes, shoes, hats and fur
nishings for man or boy; boys
as young as three years. .

Rocrrs, Peet & Company,

258 Broadway, cor. Warren
and 7 and 9 Warren St.
5409 Broadway, cor. Prince.
126. Broadway, cor. J2d,
and 54 Weat 53d St

We fll orders
by mai,

     

A BIG OCTOPUS sTORY,

Three Chinese Fishermen Attacked Off Calt-
fornta City and One Seriously Hart.
Ban FRANCISCO, Aug. 10.—Three Chinese
fishermen who were caring for their nets off
California City to-day were attacked by an
octopus, and one of the men, Quong Wah,
sustained a fractured arm and several crushed
ribs, while his comapnions had painful cute

and bruises.

battalion of the Bighth Infantry will sil on

the Thomas on Sept. 16 ‘Lhese troops, with Quong Wah was directing the operations of
light Butteries M and ¢, Roveoth , Artillery, | hts companions from the atern of the
conplete the number at present under orders | boat when th t

to go to China, Companies © and D of the | ene héat.. Wah oe ad opus approached
Fist Infantry from Fort Logan, commanded ; screamed to his companions
by Capts, Pickering and Getty, and Light to ship the oare, but he was too late. A lon
Battery M, Seventh Artillery, from Washing- | @7™ shot out and caught the Chinaman isound

ton Barracks, arrived late last night and went
into carip at the Presidio
The seventy-five recruits who were ordered
to sail to-morrow and destined for the Philip-
pine serviee, will be held and sent on a later
transport, as the Sherman will probably pro-
ceed direct to Taku with the troops for Chinese
service
Another herd of twenty-three horses, pur-
chased by Col. Marshall, arrived yesterday
from Reno, Nev, There are at present nearly
two thousand horses and rules at the Presidio
Nearly one thousand of these are mounts of
the Ninth Cavairy aud will be forwarded to
China as soon as possible on the Strathgyle.

APTER THE WAR, MISSIONARY WORK.

Brown Save It Will Be Pressed With
Greater Vigor ta China Than Before,

Fast Onanar, N. J., Aug. 19- The Rev, Dr.
Arthur J. Brown of 24 Lenox avenue, this city,
one of the secretaries of the Board of Foreign
Missions of the Presbyterian Church, is of the
opinion that the opening up of China will mean
that the missionary work will be preased with
more vigor than before. Dr. Brown is highly
pleased with the attitude of President McKinley

and Secretary of State Hay in the Chinese ait-
uation. He declares that they have taken the
only wise and safe course

Dr. Brown feelscertain that the present {s
the beginning of modern China. The Church,
he declares, must be asked at once to consider
ways ond means for future missionary work
in China, ‘This work must be carried forward
without loss of time the moment. conditions
will permit. A meeting will be called by the
Presbyterian board on Sept. 21, and it is de-
sired that representatives of all foreign mis-
sionary bodies attend. It is planned to have
arrangements inade at that time to continue
the work. To assert that the work of the
missionaries caused the Koxer uprising, Dr.
Brown declares, ts folly.

Ir,

 

OUR TRADE WITH SPAIN,

Fall Restoration of Commercial Relations
Since the War.
Wasurxoton, Aug. 19.—Commercial rela-

tlons between the United States and Spain
have been fully restored. The figures of the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics for the fiscal
year 1900 show that the exports from the United
States to Spain and the !mports into the United
States from Spain in the year were larger than
in any other year since 1893, and within a few
hundred thousand dollars of the highest record
ever made in the cornmerce between the two
nations. Fxports from the United States to
Spain were $15,390,680, against $10,012,745 in
the fiscal year 197, the last full year preceding
the war, while the imports into the United
States from Spain in 1000 were $5,950,047 against
$3,631,973 in the fiscal year 1997, The only
years of the decade 1890-1900 In which the com-
merce between the two nations was as large
as in the year just ended were 1801, 1892 and
1893, when the exports to Spain averaged about
$13,500,000 and the impor from Spain about
$5,500,000 annually. n the fiseal year 1899,
which felt the tull effect of the war between
the two countries, the exports from the United
States to Spain were 80,097,807, while our im-
ports from Spain were 88,982,263,

Cotton, breadstuffs, mineral oils and manu-
factures of wood are the principal articles
of our exports to Spgin, raw cotton being by
far the largest single’ item in the list. Fruits,
nuta aad wines are the largest items of our
imports from Spain.

 

 

+ FEARS SRE HAS ELOPED,

Florist Anthony Rossi Asks the Police to
Took for Bis Wife Kate.

Anthony Rossi, a florist and fruit dealerat 1928
Broadway, went to the West Sixty-eighth street
police station last night and asked the police to
look for hia wife Kate. He saidhe feared she
had eloped with aman who had worked for him
up totwo montheago., Mrs. Rossi left home on
Saturday morning taking the youngest of her
four children, who is 2 inonths old, and $150
Rossisaid he could find no trace of her, Ihe
ossis have been married twelve years,

 

 

OBITUARY.

Dr. Raimundo Andueza Palacio, former
President of Venezuela, died suddenly in Car-
acas last Saturday, The news was received here
yesterday in a cable despatch to his brother-
in-law, Consul-General Gonzalez lateves,
About a month ago Dr. Palacio had a stroke
of apoplexy, and it is believed that a rene-
tition of the attack caused his death. Dr. Pal-
acio was born in Barinas 62 vears ago. is
father, whose family was a leading one {n Ven-
ezuela, was a lawyer of distinction. The son,
too, studied law in the University of Caracas
Dr. Palacio was a member of the Liberal party
In 1877 President Aleantara appointed him
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and at the expira
tion of Alenntara’s term Palacio presented
himself as a candidate for the Presidenay. but
later was persuaded not to oppose Alcantara's
re@lection. In 1800 Palacio was chosen Pres-
ident without opposition. The desire of his
friends to prolong his term led to the revolu-
tion in which Gen. Joaquin Crespo overthrew
him. The deposed President went to Paris
and remained there until about a vear ago,
when President Castro requested him to re.
turn to Venezuela and become Minister of
Foreign Affaire. He resigned that place after
his recent attack of apoplexy, intending to take
a rest

James V. Gottschalk, who was kiled at a
railroad crossing at Allentown, Pa, on Friday,
was a nephew of the pianist and composer
Louis Moreau Gottschalk, and was born 4s
yeere ago in New Orleans. He had been known
‘or several years as the most successful musical
agentiothiseountry. Fle began his experience
in amusements ae the manager for Sig. Chiz-
zola when Sig. Salvinicame first to this country.
Later he was with Edwin Booth and Laurence
Barrett when the two actors appeared together,
but finally he became associated exclusively
with musical matters. He managed the tours
of De Pachmann, Rosenthal and most of the
famous pianists who have recently been in
this country and had been agent for many
prominent singers and instrumentalists. J.ast
season he travelled to the Pacifle slope with
Hambourg and Petachnikoff. Several vears
ago he built a hore in Allentown and had |ived
there when not employed in his professional
duties

Marcus Monroe Johnson, a wealthy thread
manufacturer and well-known citizen of Willi-
mantic, Conn., died in Digby, Nova Scotia,
on Friday. He had gone to Nova Scotia with
his family 4 few days before. He organized the

National Vhread Company, which was ab-
sorbed by the American Thread Company in

the body Wah, grasping the thwarts of the
boat, vainly attempted to loosen the grasp.
Another arm reached toward Wah's compans
ions and drawing their knives they slashed
desperately at a tentacle that had wrapped tt»
self around one of the seats and threatened
to capsize the boat. In a few minutes this
arm of the octopus was cut off and Lee and
Sing then attacked the one that was gradually
erushing the life out of Wah, and succeeded
in hacking it to pleces. The octopus then gave
up_the fight and settled beneath the water.
The dismembered arma measured nearlt
fifteen feet. They were divided amo the
friends of the fishermen and converted tato a
stew that is looked upon as delicacy by the
Orientals.
BROKE A POLICEMAN'S KENER CAP.

Then Other Pollcemen Fell Upon Rodoey,
Who Wanted to Kill, and Broke Ais Head.

May Rodney of 421 West Twenty-sixth etreet
ealled Policeman James Meade of the West
Twentieth street atation into her home last
night and asked him to arrest her brother
James, who had threatened to kill her mother
and herself. Meade attempted to arrest Rod-
ney, but the latter knocked him down, In
the fall the policeman’s left kneo cap ‘was

broken The sister ran ont and got two more
solicemen. They fell upon Rodney when they
earned that Meade was hurt and by the time
they got through with hirn Kodney had lost

all desire to fight. He was taken to the New
York Hospital, where his broken head was
dressed. He was then locked up. Meade

was taken to his home on sick leave.

JACOB BANFY FADLY RURT,

Trolley Car Ran Into His Carriage ~— Wel
Known Breeder of Horses.

 

Jacob Baney, the horse breeder, who is 76
years old, was badly Injured just before mid-

night by_a trolley car at Bridge and Broad
streets, Newark. He was driving across the
track when the car hit his carringe. He was
taken to his home at 81 Plane street, and [r
Lagleton said that his death was only a quien.
tion of a few hours. He fa a member of the
Baney family which introduced Percheron
horses into this country many vearsago and wos
afterward interested in the breeding of Clydes-
dalea and other heavy trucking horses. For
ears he maintained a big sales stable in
Newark.

Biggest Axe Factory tn the World Burned, |

ALEXANDRIA, Ind., Aug. 19.—-The Kolley axe
factory, the larzest plant of its kind in the
world, was destroyed by fire here to-day. The
loas will reach $700,000, almost all covered by in
surance.

   

Colleges and Schools.

For Boys £Young Men—City & Country

————

 

Dwight School

15 West 43d Street, New York City.
2ist Year opens Sept. 26th
Flgh class private school for boys from 7 to 20
ears of age. ndividual attenUon giten boys whow
education has been irregular. Large faculty. Labo
tatories. Gymnasium. Athicties
’ COLLEG

ST. FRANCIS GE,
BALTIO STREET, BROOKLYN.
CONDUCTED by the FRANCISCAN BROTHERS
Classical, Scientific and Commercial Courses

Entrance 4! Hutier street, pry for Catalogue
BROTHER FIDELIS, 0,58. F., Rector.

HAMILTON INSTITUTE,
45 West Sist St.. Manhettan Sqaare, North,
REOPENS SEPT, 26TH
For tnformation‘or eatalogue address

N. ARCHIBALD SHAW, Jr, M. A, Principal,

ne

  

KINGSLEY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG BOYS

ESSEX FELLS, New Jersey
Individual training to manly, healthy, cultured
welf-masiery. Idea) situation In bill countiy over
looking the lovely Passaic Valley. Residence roomy,
All improvements. Terms, $500, Noextras
Booklet telis whole story.

JAMES R. CAMPBELL, M A.

THE BARNARD SCHOOL
' 19 we ST ane Pon OEREST-

Thorough preparation for College and Business
Catalogue

BETTS ACADEMY

STAMFORD, CONN,—624 YEAR.
THE INDIVIDUAL THE RAS!
Special advantages for saving time in pepe
WM... BETTS, M. A, (Yale). Prinetpab

“GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY,

WASHINGTON, D. C,
Arta and sciences, law, medicine, College and pre
)i2th year. Seps. 12

 

paratory department
For Girls & Young Women—City & Country.

LADYOLIF'E"*.

of Angels Under the
tanciscan Sisters.

Academy of Our Lad
Direction of the
(Formerly Cranston's

LADY C L I FF WEST PUINT HOTEL,
Board & Tultion, $200 peryear. Send for Prospectus

For Young Men & Women—City & Country.

 

JENNINGTON (N. v.) SEMINARY, on. Bound
Brook KR. B; 62d year; both seaes; healthfu) lors
tion: home comforts; noblity of character and eare-
ful training our constant alm; $65,000 new improve
ments
THOMAS O'HANLON, D. D. LI.D, President —

For Children—Ctty and{Country.

I INDS' SCHOOI-—Ifitle boys only; $240 all year
references. A.S. Barnes,1) B'way,Hem patead.|.t

Business Colleges.

Long Island Business College,

14% to 149 South &th St., Brooklyn.
The business training school of today for yours
men and young women loans and Evening sessions
REUPENS SEPTEMUDER 10.

HENRY C. WRIGHT, Prinelpal

 

Law Schools.

Day School, 35 N u St
Evening School, 9 Woat1 sth St
“Dwight Method” of Instro~
!n two years; LLM. t

Hash Dis

GEORGE ©

NEW YORK
LAW SCHOOL

tion, LL.B.
Send for catalogue

 

 

 

no m
withou
of 6
that
in th
484,066
inatlo
ination
ifloa!
were b
474,000
ConvemsS
Kan
ot
prosp
the an
quire
etrikin
finishe
mate
in the
$138,022
the to
$302, 26
impor
manuf
$183,72
expor'
81 per
The
under
pared
renoy
The
among’
trial ac
shown
ers, an
of th
sumptt
had
capita
tariff
bushel
busine
aocomp
tloally
Home
produc
advers!
interesti
that t
mously
alone f
1804, w
ducts
farm
Plainly
having
and is
in the
in 1806.
The r
clear
nation
are quo’
with th
indicat
in wag
of the &
facturing
improv
hours a
especi

4