ISUES

ABO PEAKERS

‘OF THE CAMPAIGN,

ED
which REPUBLICAN
WILL PRESENT.

 

printing Presses Now at Work Tarn-

os ee the Campaign Text Book—It Con-
ales dome Hot Shot for the Adherents

of Bryaotsm and a Debased Currency,

wblican National Committee has six

ye at work night and day printing
bi Pinpaign text book, which will be the
= asine from which the party spellbinders
Qi draw the ammunition which they are to
: during the campaign. As soon as the
_. {s finished it will be distributed among
tye pasty jeaders throughout the nation, and
it fg expacted (hat it will be possible to have a
full supply for the speakers In Maine and Ver-
ont, whose State campaigns are now under
on "The book opens with the statement that
‘four «reat facts seem to justify the Republi-
an party in asking the voters of the United
states to continue it in control of the affairs
ae Government: First, the promptness with
qhich It has fulfilled the pledges of its plat-
form upon which {t successfully appoaled to
in 1894; second, the prosperity which

pple
jeg to all classes of our citizens with
andasaresii!! of, the fulfilment of those pledges;

third, the evidence which that prosperity fur-
nishes of the fallacy of the prinoiples offered
py the opposing parties in 1896 and etill sup-

by them. and, fourth, the advantages
to our country, our commerce and our people
(n the extension of area, commerce and inter-
national influence which have unexpectedly
come as an incident of the fulfilment of one
of the important pledges of the platform of
yage, and with it the opportunity for benefiting
the people of the territory affected.”

The matter following this assertion is a pre-
potation of statistical evidence of the pros-
perity which has come to the four great classes
of citizens, the business element, the manu-
faoturers, the farmers and the workingmen.
Among the facts cited in evidence of busi-
ness improvement under the McKinley Ad-
ministration are; The reduction fn failures
from $46,000,000 in 1893 and $226,000,000 In
1996 to $90,000,000 in 1899; the increase of Clear-
ing House returns from $52,000,000,000 In 1896
to $80,000,000,000 in 1899: an Increase of 230,-
0,000 tons of freight carried by the railways
in 1908 a8 compared with 1804, afd an increase
of more than $2,000,000,000 of bank deposits
in 1800 as compared with 1894. This great
business activity, coupled with heavy exports
and light importa, which are shown to have
always accompanied the protective system,
has resulted in an enormous tncrease of the
money in circulation, despite the assertions
constantly made in 1886 that there could be
po material increase in the circulating medium
without Inflation by means of free coinage
of silver. Notwithstanding the rejection of
that proposition, the money {fn circulation
in the United States Increased from §$1,506,-
484,066 at the date of Mr. Bryan's 1896 nom-
{nation to $2,062,425,406 at the date of his nom-
ination in 1900, while the gold and gold cer-
{feates in circulation which in July, 1896,
were but $497,000,000, were in July, 1000, $815,-
474,000, the per capita of circulation thus in-
creasing from $21.10 at the date of the Chicago
Convention of 1806 to $26.50 at the date of the
Kansas City Convention of 1900

Of the manufacturers the book shows thelr
prosperity from the enormous increase in
the amount of raw materials which they re-
quire for use in manufacturing and the equally
striking increase of the exports of their
finished products. The importations of raw
materials for use in manufacturing, which
{n the Democratic year 1804 amounted to only
$138,022,785 and forined only 21 per cent. of
the total importations, were !n the year 1600,
$902, 264,196 and formed 85 per cent. of the total
{mportations, while the exportations of finished
manufactures, which in 1864 amounted to but
$183,728,408 and formed 21 per cent. of the total
exports, were in 1900 $492,285,986 and formed
$1 per cent. of the total exports

The evidence of agricultural prosperity
under protection and sound money as com-
pared with conditions under low tariff and cur-
rency agitation is even more strongly marked.
The growth in consumption of farm products
amongour own people under increased Indus-
trial activity and increased earnings is plainly
shown in the higher prices obta#ned by farim-
ers, and in the remarkable increase in the value
of their crops and farm animals. The con-
eumption of wheat in the United States, which
had ranged in the vicinity of six bushels per
capita under the activities of the protective
tariff years, fell as low as three and one-half
bushels per capita under the low tariff and the
business and manufacturing depression which
socompanied it, but returned again to prac-
tally six bushele per capita in 1899.
Home consumption in other lines of farm
Products is equally affected br prosperity or
adversity in the great business and industrial
interests of the conntry. Asaresultit is shown
that the value of all farm products has enor-
mously increased, the value of the corn crop
tiene In 1809 heing $140,000.000 greater than tn
14, while in other lines of agricultural pro-
ducts the {increase is equally striking. In
farm animals the increased value is even more
Plainly shown, the value of sheep on farms
having doubled since the low tariff years 1895
and 1894 and the value of all farm animals being
inthe year 1900 nearly $700,000,000 greater than
in 1806

The prosperity of the laboring men fs equally
clear and striking. Reporta from State and
Rational labor bureaus and organizations
are quoted, showing conditions in 1900 compared
With those of the late years of depression, and
indicating increased employment and advance
in wages in all lines of industry. The reports
of the State labor bureaus in the great manue
facturing and industrial centres show marked
improvement both in the number of employees,
hours of employment and wages paid. This is
Specially marked in the manufacturing, mining
€od transportation interests, a large increase
in the wages of rallway employees, of men em-
ployed in the coal and iron mines, and those
gaged in all lines of manufacturing being
shown. One interesting fact which is shown
's that the purchasing power of wages has
ranged higher during President McKinley's
Administration than at any other time in the
history of the country. This fact is clearly
fustalned by official figures which bring the
“Aldrich Report” down to date and show from
official data that the purchasing power of wages
Wasneverso high as during the years since
the inauguration of President McKinley.

On the currency question the book opens
"ith the assertion that “however much the
steleton of free silver may try to conceal it-
“lt behind the mask of ‘imperialism’, no
thoughtful man can doubt, upon a moment's
reflection, that all of the dangers of 1894 again
threaten our financial system in the campaign
of 10." Atiention is called to the fact that
the Democratic convention,’ at the dictation
“ Mr. Bryan, not only reasserted in goneral
erms all of the principles of the platform of
16, but emphasized adherence to the free-
Solnage heresy by specifically reiterating the
“iver declarations of 1896 in the platform
tdopted in igoo, It then shows that the as-
¥rtion that the currency question is settled
Gad that therefore the party which settled
It may safely he removed from control of na-
ona! affairs is not Justified by the facts. An
oe of present conditions in the Senato
wee a and the prospects of their futuro
pour sh Ws that the election of Mr. Bryan
coh i certainly be accompapled by
laine in House membership and State
po — as lo give perhans during his first
ns va suc h control of Congress that tree
wna — oe could and would be enacted,
pe ee tus fact would, from the moment

“his election, unsettie all financial and busi-
ent ns in the United States and

le this disturbance and business
ao during the entire period from the
of oe election, Nov. 6, 1900, until the end
ae fe Tm, Murch 4, 1905. The events of the

Ur Years affecting the currency ure dis
» tt being shown that the Republica
ty made prompt and vigorous efforts to
bout international bimetalliem, though

 

  

 

| to it# former status,

EP Tae,

 

opposed at every step by the professed friends
of silver, and that, falling in this, the gold
stundurd law was enacted, and that the rapid
und enormous increase in gold production
-sinoe 1806 reduces year by yveur the sirength
of the urgument that the finunclal system of
the world must be overturned to restore silver

The gold production of
the world in the half century during which
nearly all the principal nations have adopted
this metal as the single standard of their cur-
rency has been twice us much ## in the 850
preceding yeurs, und is now being produced
more than sixteen times us rapidly as during
the first half of this century, The quantity
of gold mined in the world in the four years
since Mr. Bryan's nomination in 1806 is more
than that of the entire half century from 1801
to 1850,

The trust question is frankly and vigorously
considered. Official records of legislation show
that the Republican party is the only one which
has courageously undertaken the task of con-
trolling trusts by national legislation. The
Kepublican party placed upon the statute books
the only effective plece of legislation ever
created for this purpose-the Sherman Antl-
Trust law--but its effort to so amend the Con-
stitution as to enable the enactment of ad-
ditional legislation, while supported by all
Republicans, was defeated by Democratic votes
in the Fifty-sixth Congress and thus the only
available method of assuring national control
of this subject was rejected by the Democratio
party. The fallacy of the frequently repeated
assertion that “trusts are the product of pro-
tection,” is proved by a series of statements
which show the existence for many years of
trusts in Kngland and other low tariff countries,

The leading events of the three years of Presi-
dent McKinley's Administration are reviewed;
the enactinent of the protective tariff, which
was accomplished more quickly than any tariff
legislation since Washington's firat term: the
enactment of the gold standard law: the Pa-
cific raflroad settlements: the annexation of
Hawaii and the war with Spain and the results
which followed, Conditionsin Cuba are dis-
cussed and the preparations for giving the island
complete independence outlined. The Porto
Riean legislation is reviewed, with the asser-
tion that the enactment of the tariff law was
for the best interests, not alone for the citizens
of Porto Rico, who are the direct beneficiaries
from the money so collected, but especially of
labor in the United States, which fs thua assured
that the Republican party will insist upon ita
right to legislate with reference to the relations
of newly added territory according to clroum-
stances and requirements nee

The so-called issue of “imperialism” is an-
awered with a series of historical statements
which show that the course which the United
States is following in the Philippines and Porto
Rico is far more generous than that accorded
to people under similar conditions by the Dem-
ocratio party in the numerous additions which
{t has made to the territory of the United
States. The attitude of Jefferson, Jackson,
Polk and Pierce in their treatment of the peo-

je of the territories controlled by military
oree under their Administrations is cited
from unquestionable historical data, show-
ing that the “imperialism” practised by these
distinguished Democrats was far more entitled
to that term than the temporary course
of the President~a coures which was made
n sary by the ratification of the treaty
which was accomplished only by the aid of
Democratic and Populist votes with the advice
and consent of Mr. Bryan. When Jefferson,
the author of the Declaration of Independence,

the Louisiana purchase he exercised
American authority exactly as President
McKinley has exercised it over Porto Rico
and the Philippines, except as the insurrection
in the latter archipelago has required special
treatment. Mr. Jefferson and the Congress of
his day provided a@ local government for Lou-
isiana which represented American authority
They created a Governor and Council, They
established all the administrative machinery.
They defined and appointed all the officers,
They did this wholly by virtue of the national
power and without stopping to ask the consent
of the people over whom this Government
was extended. The same course was repeated
when the Florida cession was made, and {¢
has been repeated in every subsequent acquisi-
tion of territory. Not only have we extended
the flag over new peoples, but in many cases
we have for reasons we deemed sufficient kept
them in a dependent position for more than half
a century. The existing conditions in the
Philippines will be changed when the insurrec-
tion shall be fully suppressed and Congress
shall determine, Congress did not pass a law
for the goveroment of the Philippines as it did
for Porto Rico, because the nate aes were not
ripe for it. The President has himself pricked
the bubble of “imperialism” in a suggestive
and striking sentence, In his speech of accept-
ance at Canton he said: “The Republican party
was dedicated to freedom forty-four years ago.
It has been the party of liberty and emanci-
pation from that hour, not of profession, but
of performance. lt broke the shackles of
4,000,000 slaves and made them free, and to the
party of Lincoln has come another supreme
opportunity, which it has bravely met in the
liberation of 10,000,000 of the human race from
the yoke of imperialism.”

made

 

CONTESTS FOR LEADERSHIPS.

 

Ten tn Both Parties to Be Settled at the

Approaching Primaries.

Ten contests for Assembly district leader-
ships in Manhattan and The Bronx will be de-
elded at the primaries on Aug, 28, they
being equally divided between the Re-
publicans and the Democrats. The Tammany
fights are in the Seventh, Ninth, Thirteenth,
Twenty-first and Thirty-first districts. In the
Seventh, ex-Alderman Patrick H. Keahon is
fighting for the leadership now held by Fast
River Bridge Commisstoner James W. Boyle.

In the Ninth, Councilman Frank J. Goodwin
and Clerk of the City Court Thoma: F,
Smith are out again after the scalp
of John ©, Sheehan, the pre ent leader, In the
Thirteanth, J.J. O'Brien, who polled a heavy vote
in September, 1800, is again attacking Deputy
Commissioner Peter J. Dooling of the Depart-
mentof Public Bulidings, Lighting and Supplies,
who has the leaiership now. In the Twenty-
first James 1.. Conway, who was the
chairman of the District General Committee up
to a short time ago, is fighting Deputy Sewer
Commissioner Matthew F. lonohue. Comrmis-
sioner of Jurors Charles Weide is going to try to
win back the leadership of the Thirty-first from
Isine A. Hopper, wh» knocked him out in 1899.
The Republican family flghts are in the
Seventh, Fourteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-
fifth and Thirtieth, Yn the Seventh ex-Alder-
man Joseph H. Hackett is after the scalp of the
present lanes Franklin Miller. In the Four-

eenth the enemies of James J. Peg-
nan have selected Frank J. Drummond
to lead a fight against him. George

Cc. Austin in attacking Col. Abraham Gruber in
tho Twenty-first. In the Twenty-fifth the anti-
Hess faction will put a ticket in the fleld similar
to the Hess ticket in al! respects, except that
the name of Bronson Winthrop will be substi-
tuted for that of Mr. Hess, Inthe Thirtieth the
enemies of Isaac Newman have combined to
fizht him again and hope to do him up,

Wittiam Brookfield will be one of the delegates
to the County Committee from the Twenty-
seventh, ‘There is no fight in the district this
year. The Republicans in the Twenry-fifth
intend to manage thelr affairs differently
in the future than they have in the
past Their plan is to have the county com-
mittee delegation meet twice a week and decide
all questions of patronage and party, policy by
majority vote inatead of leaving the decision to
the executive comimnitteeman,

Inthe Twenty-first Senate district there isa
lively row for the Tammany Senatorial nomi-
nation, Joseph P. Henney, who has the sup-

ort of President Louis F. Haffen of the
rough of The Bronx wanis the a and so
does the present Senator, Richard H. Mitchell,

who has the support of Park Commissioner
August Moebus.

 

 

Talk of Opposition to Senator McCarren.

The friends of Senator Patrick Henry McCar-
ren of the Seventh district, Kings, heard last
evening that some of the admirers of Comp-
troller Bird 8. Coler were talking about uom-
inating a candidate to oppose him at the polls
and if possible to defeat him, because of his
opposition to the nomination of Mr.
Coler for Governor. Mr. McCarren was
defeated in 1804, after having served for four
years, by George H. Owens, whose candidacy
was regarded as a joke, Since then Mr, Mc-
Carren has frequently remarked that he re-
gards nothing as sure in politics or horse racing,
and his friends expect him to get back to Brook-
lyn and look after his fences atonce.

 

NEW FRENCH LINER ARRIVBS.,

La Lorraine Had IneMficient Firemen, So She
Came Along Slowly.

The best hourly average for one day of the
new French liner La Lorraine,on the trip from
Havre which she finished yesterday morning,
was about twenty knots. This she developed
with the expenditure of about 360 tons of coal,
Her firemen were inefficient and her engines
frequently became overheated on the voyage
On Aiesday last she covered 875 knots and on
Saturday only 840 knots. Her commander,
Capt, Poirot, thought tt would be better to take
no risks in an @ffort to break a record on a maiden

trip, so he decided to come along slowly. He
faves that his ship eventually will develop

 

be
nearly twenty-two knots, whioh ts her trial
record over & measu mile. The harbor

of Havre, it was said vesterday by an officer
of La Lorraine, is so narrow that a stearnship
450 feet long would not be able to safely turn
in it. That is one of the reasons the vrence
Line does not go in for colossal vessels, whi
ere necessary for the creation of records.

 

SS

CROKER INTENDS TO WIN,

BE HERE TO-DAY TO LOOK
AFTER PRIMARIES.

Friends Say He's Sure of Taking 105 Loyal
Delegates to the Saratoga Convention,
Where His Battle With Hill Wil Be Con-
tinued—Hill, Too, Planning for the Fight.

There is to be u great buzzing in the Dem-
ocratic beehive this week and all of the big
men in both the factions of the party are ex-
pected to turn up in this city before Saturday
1o take uccount of stock und to do whut they
can to make interesting the primuries on Tues
duy of next week. The interest in the pri
maries centres in the election of delegutes
to the State Convention, where the battle be
tween Richard Croker and David Bennett till
will be continued. Mr, Croker is expected
home from Saratoga today. He will make

 

HE'LL

‘

 

his headquarters at the Democratic Club. Mr.
Croker’s friends are confident that he
will not have any difficulty in carry
ing 105 delegates” loyal to him to

the Saratoga convention from this county.
There are several district fights, but only one
of them Is of a character to threaten the solidity
of the delegation. That is in the Ninth As-
sembly district, where Councilman Frank J-
‘joodwin and Clerk of the City Court Thomas
F. Smith are fighting against the leadership of
John C. Sheehan. Ex-fieut.-Gov. William F,
Sheehan appeared at the meeting of the Demo-
cratic State Committee in Saratogaon Thursday
unexpectedly and as the ally of ex-Senator
Hit, delivering to Mr. Hill three committeemen
which Natlonal Committeeman Norman E,
Mack had promised to hold for Mr. Croker.
The Sheehans are brothers, and if John C,
wins in the Ninth, its three delegates will be
for Ail, first, last and all the time. Mr, Croker
would feel worse over the loss of these delegates
than he would on account of the loss of six
delegates from another part of the State. John
C. Sheehan has told his friends in the Ninth that
he will knock out the Goodwin-Smith com-
bination this month, notwithstanding the
fact that the Croker forces overcame him at
the March primaries.
Mr. Croker will
Saratoga by all the

be accompanied from
blg men in Tammany

who have been there. These will include
the three. Hon. Johns—Carroll, Whalen
and Keller-- Fire Commissioner Scannell, Sena-
tor Thomas F, Grady and all the other political
aides who surround Mr. Croker. One of the
first matters which will receive his attention
will be the attitude of the Hon. Hugh MeLaugh-
lin, leader of the Kings county Democrats,
toward the Hill-Sheehan combination. Mr,
Croker has been assured that not even the
yromise of the nomination of a Brooklyn man
or tovernor will cause Mr, McLaughlin to
desert him and the Tammany city patronage.
at was said last evening, however, that since
Mr. Mack's control of the Erie county Demo-
crats had turned out to be so unreliable, Mr.
Croker was not going to let any one have an
opportunity to catch him sleeping again, ‘Tam-
many men who have already returned from
Saratoga expressed their opinion of the situa-
tion yesterday by saying that Mr. Croker was
“going to take care not to buy any more gold
bricks.” Some of the Tammany men laughed
over Mr. Mack's humiliation. Others looked
upon it as a serious matter and were inclined
to be cross about it.

Chairman Frank Campbell and Chairman
James K, MoGuire of the Democratic State and
Fixecutive committees are expected at the St,
James Building headquarters to-day. Mr,
McGuire came to town on Saturday aad it be-
came known that he contemplated a visit to
Mr. McLaughlin who is now at_his suminer
home in Jamesport, 1. 2. Mr. McGuire dis-
appeared from the Hoffman House in the after-
noon and did not return, nor did he leave word
where he had gone, Some of his friends said
he had gone to Syracuse, Others said to James-
yort and all united in saying that he would be
ba k to-day, One reason for his desire to visit
Jamesport was to arrange for @ conference
between Mr. MeLaughlio and Mr.
Hill, whose firm supporter Mr. Metiulre ia,
Mr. flill wants to present the arguquents for
his side of the Democratic row to Mr. McLaugh-
lin in person, and it was declared by hie ad-
mirers yeaterday that he would be able to
make a deep impression on the Brooklyn leader,
In 1808 Mr. Hill crushed the aspirations of John
B. Stanchfleld, his old law partner for the gov-
ernorship nomination at the request of Mr.
McLaughlin, who wanted him to support Judge
Augustus Van Wrek, who was also the aelection
of Mr. Croker. Mr. Hill is expected to come
down from Albany some day in the latter part
ot the week if Mr. McGuire makes arrange-
ments for his visit to Mr. MeLaughlin

Comptroller Coler, who spent all of last week
at his summer home in Liberty, Sullivan county,
returned to the city late last night and put up
at the Murray Hill Hotel, Mr, Coler didnt
pore any political visitors at Liberty yesterday,
put he will be at his desk in the Stewart Building
to-day and every day this week attending to the

nancial affairs of the city and greeting his
riends who may drop in. He will have talks
with Bridge Commissioner John L. Shea aud
President Bernard J. York of the Police Com-
mission, both of whom are influentia) factors
in the Democratic politics of Brooklyn, and
both of whom have declared for Mr. Coler for
Governor. Mr. Coler will also see President
William F. King of the Merchants’ Association,
which has just issued a report on the water
supply situation which upholds Mr. Coler in
his position against the Ramapo contract.
The association is going to put every nominee
for a State office on record as to Ramapo, and
{t may be used to aid the Comptroller in other
ways.

TURNS TO THE PATRIOTIC PARTY.

 

Ex-Confederate Appeals to His Old Comrades
to Support McKinley.

Topenxa,, Kan, Aug. 19--The appeal of
Thomas Reed, an ex-('onfederate soldier and
a prominent farmer of Marion county, to his
old comrades throughout the nation to turn
to the party of loyalty and support McKinley
this year, has caused consternation in the Fu-
sion camp. Reed has issued this patriotio
address and is sending it to his old comrades
throughout the United States

“Ever since the war in which T partictpated
as a Confederate soldier, 1 have decided on
opportunity to show my loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, and I truly believe that this has been
the desire of every one of my old comrades,

When the opportunity came I had lost my
right hand and could not go myself, and wish-
ing to be represented, | induced my youngest
fon to enlist in the Twenty-first Kansas, The
success of our navy and army Was 80 conclu.
sive and overwhelming that 1 did not think it
wasible for any one to find fault with the Pres-
Kent and his advisers, and when the
Democratic and Populist prese of the
country commenced the cry of mistreatment
and starvation of soldiers, I turned with dis-
gust from a party that would misrepresent
the facts in order to manufacture political
capital, and remembering well how. loyally
the Republicans stood by President Cleveland
in the Venezuelan trouble and in other crises,
I was forced to the conclusion that the Re-
publican party is the loyal and patriotic party
of the country. Since the close of the Spanish
war the advice and comfort that is given Ag-
ulnaldo by the latter-day Copperheada to hold
out until Bryan is elected hae cuused the death
of many of our brave sons in the Philippines
end I am led to ask myself the question, ‘Is
that the crowd I have been training with?’
The facta are so conclusive I cannot see how
any Joyal and patriotic man can vote the Demo-
cratic ticket this year.”

CROWDS TO GREET ROOSEVELT.

 

Indiana Preparing an Enthustastio Welcome
for Him as He Passes Through.

InpraNaPous, Aug. 19.—The Republicans
are arranging to give Gov. Roosevelt a hearty
reception when he comes to South Bend on
Sept. 8. The day will be the occasion of one
of the largest political rallies that has ever been
held in Indiana. It is intended to have several
Congress districts represented at the meeting
and there will be a large number of “Rough
Rider” regiments and among them the famous
Black Horse Regiment of Elkhart county. The
State campaign managers will endeavor to get
half-fare rates from the railroads on all roads

entering South Bend and it is hoped to greet
the Vicoe-Presidential nominee with a crowd of
not leas than 50,000 people.

airman Hernly and the members of the
State Committee are very anxious that Goy.
Roosevelt shall speak from the rear of his

car at all places through which he passes in
his September rip and also in his trip a month
later. The local clubs have requested the

conmittee to find out what roads he will travel
over in the State and to urge him to so arrange
the schedule as to give five or ten-minute
speeches at three or four stations in each
county. They promise to have crowds at every
place and say that Republicans and Democrate
alike are anxious to hear him

Little Girl, Struck by a Trolley Car, Will Die,

Fannie Schulubas, 4 years old, of Sheepshead
Bay road, while attempting to cros West Fifth
street at Coney Island /aat night, was struck by
a“ trolley oar of the Coney Island and Brooklyn
Railroad and was knocked down. Her right lew
was cut off and she was otherwise injured. She
was removed to the Kings County Hospital,
where it was said that she would die.

 

 

Oy “tee, oT aR Re A arr TIVE PRT ” rn maT,
THE SUN

    

 

RUSSIA TO SPEND MILLIONS HERE.
Vice-Minister of Justice Boutfsky Talks of the
Development of Siberia,

SAN Francisco, Aug. 19.~P. Boutfaky, Rus-
slan Vice-Minister of Justice, who has just ar-
rived here from the Orient on his way to St.

Petersburg, gives some interesting informa-.

tion in an interview regarding the sending of
troops over the trans-Siberian road and the
enormous development which has followed its
construction. He says

“T have been spending some time making an
official tour of Siberia 1 went to Siberia on the
trans-Siberian railroad and intended returning
home the same way until T ascertained that the
road was crowded wih trains bringing troops
from Ruasia to various points in Siberia, Port
Arthur and elsewhere. 1 therefore concluded
J could get home more quickly by coining this
way

“That portion of the (trans-Siberlan = rail-
road which crosses Chinese territory (Man-

churia) is known as the Chinese Fastern Rail-
road, Its Pacific terminus will be Port Arthur,
and it is proposed to have branches to Vladivos-
tok and Pekin, Save these proposed branches
it will be finished in about fifteen months

“About $40,000,000 has been expended on
the road and §$100,000,000 more Will be required
to complete and equip it. LT understand that
Minister of Finance Witte will purchase in this
country all the supplies for the line which can-
not be obtained in Russa, This will mean the
expenditure of a good many millions in the
United States, The Czar's Government is ex-
tremely friendly to Uncle Sam, and American
manufacturers are sure to get tnany orders
from railroad and industrial enterprises in
which Russia is interested

“The business developinent of the trans-
Siberian railroad,in spite of contrary reports,
iA to way the least remarkable, On the west
Siberian section between 1808 and 1898 the
number of passengers increased from 160,000
to 350,000 and the freight shipments from 172,000
to 402,000 tons, Onthe central Siberian section
for the same period the number of passengers
rose from 15,000 to 800,000 and the amount
of freight from 16,000 to 180,000 tons, The
export of China tea by way of Siberia fs con-
stantly on _the increase, not only to Europe
but to the United States as well. In the Altai
district along the road only 5 per cent. of the
arable land has so far been cultivated. It
produced last year 960,000 tons of grain, Five
years ago the steppes district had to import
90,000 tons of grain, Last year it was able to
export 82,000 tona. In Akmolinak district
and in the Governments of Tomsk and Tobolak
833 artesian wells have been sunk. In the
Government of Tomsk 275 miles of canal have
been constructed and 85 miles of river dredged.”

 

 

POWERS WILL APPEAL,
His Case May Be Delayed Until After the
Election- More Suspects Flee,

Grongetown, Ky, Aug. 19—Inquiry from
the Jurors and their friends shows almost con-
clusively that the closing speech of State's
Attorney Franklin in the Powers trial for the
murder of William Goebel settled the minds of
the doubting jurers and really caused tho
verdict of Imprisonment for life, Of course
Powers will ask for an appeal and his attor-
neys will fight for delay in having the case
massed on by the Court of Appeals till after
Jan. 1, 101, at which time a new Judge will
© on the Court of Appeals bench,  Powers's
riends ure confident that the new Judge will
be a Republican, making a majority of the
court of that faith.

The case against Henry Youtsey will be
called to-morrow, but there is an impression
that he will ask for a postponement, as will
Combs, Davis and Whittaker, and no more ot
the conspirators will be tried for several months
1t was intimated here several days ago that
the Franklin county Grand Jury would be
asked to nvestigate whether certain. other
persons who were officially near to Powers
and Tavlor when the crime was committed
are not as guilty aa they As a« result of this
intimation and the verdict agatust Powers
several more suspects have gone to Indiana
to wait for political prejudice uad bitter feeling
to die out.

 

SERIOUSLY STABBED IN A HALLWAY

Victim Wont Tell Who Wounded Him Two
Arrests on Suspicion,

Dennis Coffea hurried into the Oak atreet
police station early yesterday morning and in-
formed the sergeant that a man was dying of
stab wounds inthehallway nextdoor, Detec-

tives Snydecker and Smith, who accompanied
Coffea back to the hallway, found that the
mau had a wound in the left breast near the
heart and one in the right kidney. He man-
aged to say that he was William Breslin of 71
New Chambers street

Breslin was taken to the Hudson street hos-
pital. Coffee and a man named William Mur-
phy, who was found in the hallway, were ar-
Tested as suspicious characters, At the hos-
pital Breslin said that he did not know either
of the men and refused to tell how he had been
stabbed.

Inthe Centre Street Police Court, however,
when the two prisoners were arraigned later, {t
was brought out that Murphy and Breslin had
hada quarrel {na neighboring saloon earlier
in the night. Both prisoners were remanded
until to-day.

FOUND DEAD BY THE TRACK.

 

Death of Patrick Downey Near the Station at
Singac, N. J., to Be Investigated.

Paterson, N. J, Aug. 19 A track walker
on the Greenwood Lake Railroad found the
body of Patrick Downey lying near the track
about four hundred feet from the Singao sta-
tion at daybreak this morning. County Phy-
sieian McBride was notified and after hearing

evidence he decided to Institute a thoroug!
investigation, as there is a strong suspicion of
foul play

Downey was a construction foremen on the
Fast Jersey Water company's pipe line and
was about 80 years of age. He lived at Little
Falls with his parents. On his way home last
night he stopped at Fox's Hotel, Simgac. and
took part in a dance that was going on. It
was nearly midnight when he leff. When
found this morning the body of the young
man was not mangledand it did not show any
evidence of having been struck by a locomotive
other than a deep gash in the back of the head,
Downey's hat was found at the station There
asnomoneyin the pockets of his clothes.
It is possible that he was struck by a locomo-
tive, but the County Physician is inclined to
believe that he was murdered.

 

 

 

To Wage War on Ticket Speculators.

Sire Brothers, managers of the Cherry Blos-
som Grove, on top of the New York Theatre,
announced last night that beginning with to-
night they will make an eff rt to break up the
selling of tickets by speculators in front of the

building,

“Ido not know whether I am eqactty right tn
the stand I am going to make," said Mr. Sire
last night, “out I don't ecirea rap whether lam
ornot. lam wiliing tostand for apy lawsuits
that may ensue, and all consequent trouble, I
am going to place six menin front of the the-
atre to-night, and they will watch everybody
that buys a ticket fromaspeculator. One of
the six will follow the purchaser to the door,
where admittance on that ticket will be refused
him. The ticket will be taken up. however,
and no money at all will be refunded."

 

 

Special Notice.

Bring Back That Blue Serge Suit,

We recently sold 200 Blue Serge Suits—
one lot at $10.00 and another at $12.00,
A few days ago we received notice froma
customer that the suit was fading. Invest-
igating and testing, we discovered that the
dye was not fast.

We had purchased these suits from one
of the best houses in the United States—
whose guarantee we had. The fault is
neither theirs nor ours, but the mill's who
declared the dye perfect.

But we value our customers too highly
to let them “stand for” a mistake on any
purchase in our store. Letters were written
to the 60 purchasers whose names we had,
asking for a return of the suit; in order to
reach the remaining 140 we publish this
advertisement.

We hope no purchaser will fail to bring
back his suit if it has turned red, and ob-
tain a perfect one in its place.

Bull Giether
Outfitters to Men and Boys,

279 Broadway, Near Chambers.
FCUR

47 Cortlandt, Near Greenwieh.
211 Sixth Ave., Near 14th St
STORES ( 125th Seaek tae 34 Avenue,

 

MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900.

 

 

        
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
    
   

  
 
 
 
   

n

 

QUIGG PUSHING WOODRUFF

TAKES AN ACTIVE HAND IN ROOMING
THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR,

Former President of the Republican County
Committee Changes His Mind About Stay-
ing Out of Politics and Takes Up the Fight
of His Close Friend, Mr, Woodreff,

Politicul observers of long experience suid
yesterduy that the most interesting incidents
in polities during the lust two weeks were the
reuppearance in uctive politicul life of Lemuel
ly Quigg among the Republicans and of ex-
Lieut -Gov, William F. Sheehan umong the
Democrats, Both of these gentlemen hud
unnounced that they were done with politics,
except as they might be interested us good eiti-
venus, Mr. Sheehun appeared ul Saratoga ut the
ineeting of the Deimoeratio State Committes
to help ex-Senator Hill, and astonished National
Committeeman Norman FE. Mack by taking
away from him votes which Mr, Mack thought
he had under absolute control, Mr, Sheehan
has said repeatedly since he began the practice
of hi « profession in this city that he was busy
earning a living and couldn't afford to take
part in political disputes, He is a very busy
man, and every one was surprised to find him
actively engaged in the row between the up-
State Democrats and the Tammany men. The
anti-Croker people were much delighted, and
Mr. Mack and his friends, who have not counted
on Mr. Sheehan's influence didn’t like it all.

Mr. Quigx appeared as the champion of
Lieut.-Gov. Timothy L. Woodruff in his cam:
paign for the Republican nomination for Gov-
ernor. Mr. Quigg is going to the State Con:

vention as a delegate from the Nineteenth
Assembly district, and in Saratoga he will have
charge of Mr. Woodrufl’s interests at all times,
Mr. Quigg, it will be remenibered, resigned
from the Presidency of the New York County
Republican Committee in July, being suc:

 

 

ceeded in that important pluce by Gen,
Francis Vinton Greene. | Mr. Quigg 3
friends thought thet he hed done with

the worry and vexations ot political strife and
intended to devote his time to his own inter-
ests. He said himself that while he would at
all tines be glad to do all that lay in his power
to help the Republican party, he thought the
time had come for him to spend some of his
time caring for himself

Mr, Quigg is a warm personal friend of Mr,
Woodruff and also of Col, Michael J. Dady, who
is Mr, Woodruff's chief lieutenant in his home
county of Kings. When Chairman Benjamin
KB. Odell, Jr. of the Republican State Committee
allowed it to become known that he was not
a candidate for the nomination for Governor
Mr. Quigga and Col, Dady at once became tn-
terested in the situation, and decided to do
what they could in behalf of their mutual
friend. All of the Republican leaders aay that
Mr. Woodruff's boom has attained dimensions
which are really remarkable, and they give the
credit for it all to Mr. Quige, who has been
fee gaded in everything that he hus done by Col.

Jady.

Mr. Quiga’s long experience in polities en-
abled him to pick out the best methods ot push-
ing Mr. Woodruff to the front, He worked
among his personal friends in New. York city,
aud then made an expedition up the State in
Mr. Woodruff's behalf. Wherever he went
he talked Woodruff to the men whose influence
Was necessary for suceess, and in_the course
of his trip be erected a Woodruff structure
which has proved to be of wreat
value in furthering the interests of the Lieu-
tenait-Governor, In the meantime Col, Dady
was at work among his friends. Mr. Quige
appealed to all the men who had become ac-
quainted with Mr. Woodruff during his two
terms at Albany and urged them to work for
Mr. Woodrull’s nomination, ‘The Lieutenant.
Governor is ex officio a Comrniss toner of the Land
Ollice, a Comunissioner of the Canal Fund,
a member of the Canal Board, a trustee of
Union College, of Cornell University and a regent
of the University of the State of New York.
Mr. Quigga in working up the Woodruff senti-
ment throughout the State took udvantage
of the wide circle of acquaintances which Mr,
Woodruff hax made in the discharge of his official
duties and used it to the greatest advantage

It hus been declared frequently that if Mr
Woodruff recetves the Republican pomimaton
for Governor on Sept. 4, his success will be in
great measure due to the hard work which
Mr. Quigw lias done and will do in his behalf,
Politicians make no guestion of saying that
no aspirant for the high office of Chief Execu-
tive of the Empire State has ever had a more
loyal aud devoted champion than Mr. Quigg
has been to Mr. Woodru They do question
seriously whether without Mr, Quige’s man-
agement, experience and advice, the friends
of Mr. Woodruff could have been managed so
as to produce the effect which has been brought
about this week ,

Mr. Quigg is very well satisfied with the re-
sults of his labors. He feels that the Woodruff
forces are so Well in hand now that there is no
question of where the nomination will go,
Mr. Quigeé became convinced of this last week,

and he was so confident of the strength
of the Woodruff sentiment which be had
brought into effective shape that
he made the positive announcement

Lieutenant-jovernor would receive
This confidence, however,
did not cause Mr Quige to relax his efforts
in his friend's behalf. He fs too old a cam-
paigner to make the mistake of stopping work
when everything seems to be done iis effort
in Mr. Woodruff's behalf will be continued unt
the nomination is in the hands of the man whom
he wishes to get it

If Mr. Woodruff fa nominated and elected,
it was pointed out veaterday, he will owe tt to
Mr. Quigg, who has been his friend from the
atart. In that case Mr. Quigg will be in a po-
sition toward the Governor similar to that
oceupled by Louis F. Payn of Columbia county
toward Gov, Frank 8S. Black, who, it was often
said, was influenced more by the advice which
he obtained from Mr. Payn than by that from
any other source

that the
the nomination

SEES VICTORY AHEAD.

 

FORAKER

Ohie Confident of Republican Succest—His
Views on China's Predicament,

CINCINNATY, Aug. 19 Senator Foraker re-
turned from Washington yesterday morning,
accompanied by his son, Capt. Foraker, and
fave that he expects to remain in this vieinity
until the opening of the Ohio campaign. He is
to speak at Youngstown on Sept. § and will be
at the service of the Campaign Committee from
that time on. Asked about the political situa-

tion in the country, Senator Foraker said that
wherever he had been, down East, there was
entire confidence in the success of the Republi-
oan party this fall

Speaking of the Chinese problem, the Senator
ald it should be a matter of great pride to
Americans that American diplomacy and Amer-
jean soldiers liad been successful throughout
the entire trying time,

“The future of the Chinese problem,” he
said, “will depend largely on Conger's report,
Should the Chinese Government be able to
show that the rioting was caused by the Boxers,
of course it would be a less delicate situation
than if it should appear that the Chinese Gov-
ernment itself had been fa mnpatny with the
riotera. 1 think the latter will be found to be
the true condition, The fact that li Hun
Chang had been empowered to negotiate with
the Powers, and that conditions had
been img on him, seenis to
indicate that the Chinese Government {s in
sympathy with the hostile demonstration,
even if |f was not actually aiding and abetting
the attacks on the foreigners. However, i
expect a satisfactory settlement of the troubles
and do not apprehend any friction between
the Powers, nor do [ believe that the integrity
of the Empire will be involved. The spheres
of influence now established by the nations
of Europe may be disturbed, but I do not think
the dismemberment of Chita would be per-
mitted.”

DEMOCRATS

TEXAS DIVIDED.

 

EF. H. BR. Green Expects a Greatly Increased
Republican Vote.

Corpvs Cristi, Tex, Aug. 19.--E. A. R,
Green, chairman, of the Republican State Ex-
ecutive Committee, was in the clty to-day
He says that the Waters Pierce Oil Company
affair has fairly split the Democracy of Texas,
and all talk of harmonious action among the
Democratic rank and file ts nonsense,

“If the Republicans nominate @ good, clean
State ticket at San Antonio you will see the
Democratic majority in Texas vastly reduced,”
he added

“How about the dissensions in the Republican
party of Texas?” he was usked

“They have been vastly and grossly ex-

erated, ‘There is absolutely no personal
ill feeling between myself, Dr. Grant and Con-
gressman Hawley

“Mr. Green, some of your enemies say that
you don't want to see any Republican sent to
Congross from Texas, a it might tend to divide
the Vederal patronage
“That is unqualifledly false and it is scarcely
worth while to dignify it by a denial, No man
in Texas will work harder for the Kepublican

nominees thun myself.”

 

 

Formiag Clabs to Boom Herrick for Governor,

Atnany, Aug. 19.—Ward clubs are being
formed iv this city for the purpose of booming
Supreme Court Justice D, Cady Herrick for
the Democratic nomination for Governor,
It is repoted here that he would be acceptable
to Richard Croker, The present State com-
mitteeman, P. bk. MeCabe, is anti-fierrick and
voted with D. B. Hill at Saratoga on the ques.
tion of Mayor McGuire for temporary § chair-
man of the State Convention, Hill and Herriok
have long been on opposite sides of the Demoe
cratic fenog

_—

 

TRADE MARK
Small Stee! Capsules filled with Liquid Carbonic Acia Gas,

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Half the pleasure of your vacation will be spoiled if you do

|

They are light and take up little

room,

gone through in the dark as accurately as

by day.

Mineral tablets and fruit syrups furnished.

Pint Bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, 83,00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

All Druggists.

   

POINTS ON VACATION BUSINESS
Gleaned From Two Baggage Handlers Who
Stady the Rash From Town and Back Again.

Two of the New York Transfer Company's
big express vans stood at the Manhattan en-
trance to the Brooklyn Bridge waiting for a
«mall blockade to be cleared away, The trunks
were piled so high on the wagons that passers-
by veered to one side for fear some of the top
pleces, which seemed to be hanging on pre-
carlously, might topple off on them.

“Where are all the people going?” asked a
bystander of one of the expressmen, “Isn't
it late to go on a vacation?” —

"These people ain't going on a vacation,
said the man. “They're coming home We're
taking the trunks to Brooklyn. It’s a funny
thing, but it seems to me people are coring
back earlier than usual this vear and their
trunks are lighter. They must be pawning
their stuff to pay their board bills, 1 dow't
wouder, for the prices of thein seaside hotels
Jnat eat you up if vou stick to ’em. I wouldn t
even have no trunk if I'd been there,

A baggage man at the Pennsylvanta station
was asked if the people really were coming

back earlier than usual this year, |
“No, I don't think so,” he said. Aa many
wkeuple are going out as there are cotiieg tu

“hat man you saw was probably on a New York |

wagon last season, and thia year is running to
Hrooklyn. Brooklyn people, as a whole, don't
take us long vacations as New York people.
There's more money. on this side of the Bridge.
New Yorkers go earlier and stay later because
they can better afford it, and if that fellow
thinks the trunks are any lighter this year
than they were last I ques@ it's because he's
been eating more and growing muscle. I
don't find ther any lighter Oh, no, you can
say the rush ain't begun yet. It wont begin
until about the ist of September Then the
hotel folks will begin to come in and the aum-
mer boarding house peor's. The seashore
cottagers wont get back until toward the last
of September or the early part of October.

 

REPORTS AGAINST RAMAPO,

Merchants’ Association Water Committee Is
for Manicipal Ownership.

The Merchants’ Association issued on Satur-
day a report on the water supply of New York
city, made by a special] committee of the as-
sociation which was appointed last fall and
which has been at work ever since, It in-
cludes reports of the Committees on Engineering,
the Committee on Legislation, the Committee
on Municipal Finance and Public Policy, and
the Committees on Fire Protection and In-
surance, These are accompanied by au intro-
duction. prepared by William F. King, Presi-
dent of the association and the final report
of the full Committee on Water Supply

The committee recommends that no contract
he made with the Ramapo Water Company,
whose efforts to procure a contract. brought
the committee into existence: that the policy
of municipal owoership of water supply should
be maintained: that the legislature should
grant to New York city powers to acquire by
condemnation auy water rights needed, save
only those used bya village, townor city; that
the water bonds should not be included in
the computations affecting the city’s debt
limit; that the Comptroller's quarterly stath-
ment should fnelide a clear statement of the
city's water debts; that a system of detailed
accurate and easily understood records should
be kept by the Water Department; that steps
should be taken at ones to secure an additional
water supply of 250,000,000 gallons daily from
the Adirondack watershed, that any surplus
revenues of the department should be applied
to the reduction of the debt; and that the city
authorities should at once take steps to prevent
waste of water.

 

THIS BOY DIDN'T GUESS RIGHT.

 

Sent for Paregoric He Bought Carbollo Acid
~Burned His Grandmother's Moath,

Mrs. Mary Foss, 64 years old, of 482 Commu-
nipaw avenue, Jersey City, yesterday sent her
ten-year-old grandson, Henry Foss, to Wol-
verton’s drug store at Communipaw and Sum-
mit avenues, for five cents’ worth of paregoric
‘The boy forgot what he had been sent for and
bought five cents’ worth of carbolic acid. Mrs
Foss did not discover the error until she had
tasted the Grug. but was fortunate enough to
escape with a badly burned mouth. A physi-
clan who was called assured her she was in no
danger.

Spitted Bicyclist Was Charles Gassman.

The body of the bicyclist who was instantly
killed by the shaft of a baker's wagon plercing
his heart in 120th street on Friday morning was
identified at the Morgue yesterday by a feliow
worker as that of Charles Gassman, a machinist.
Charles Weissman of 128 Willis avenue, who
identified the body, was unable to say where
the man lived, but will make @ search for his
relatives,

 

 

| ing, camping, or wherever you go.

The special bottle is strong,

and the process of aeration can be

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

 

!
not take SPARKLETS with you to the country, seashore, yacht:

  
 

Write for Booklet.

TO TALK SILVER AT TOPEKA

BRYAN'S PLANS FOR THE POPULIST
NOTIFICATION CEREMONIPS,

Another Statement on His Idea of the Order
of Importance of the Issues Letter of
Acceptance Not Completed He Will Speak
in Kansas and Nebraska Towns This Week.

LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 19.- Lt is quite certain
that silver will be brought to the front at the

Populist notification at Topeka next Thursday.

Mr. Bryan politely declines to even hint to the

reporters an outline of his speech, and all that

he would say directly to the newspaper repre.
sentatives upon the subject was that he would
treat at each notification the issues just as the
conventions had signifled their belief as to
paramountcy, To his friends he has been
more communtoative. Hle tells them that he
will discuss the money question at some length
at Topeka. The Populists, he Says, came to
his support in 1896 largely because he repre-
sented thelr views upon the money question and

| because they believed his success meant the

restoration of free coinage. At the Sloux
Falls Convention this year free silver was not
brought so emphatically to the front, but Mr

Bryan accepted the money question as being
4@ proper one for discus"i n at the notification
ceremonies. At the Silver Republican notifica-
tion he proposes to deal with the trusts as the
Paramount issue.

Mr. Bryan has finished the firat draft of bis
Topeka speech. To-morrow he will go over it
und give out copies to the press, His letter
of scceptance, in which he says he will touch

in detail upon every issue mentioned by the
Democratic platforni,is awaiting hia final revie-
jon, but he doas mot expect to get it ready
for the impatient public until about Sept. 1.

Mr. Bryan starta on Tuesday upon @ cam-
Paigning tour of southeastern Nebraska, He
will preach anti-imperialism on Tuesday in
the Populist stronghold of Saunders county,
peopled largely by Swedes. On Tuesday he
oe to Tecumseh, the centre of a large Ger-
man population, Here he will speak in the
morning, driving twenty miles to spe at
Pawnee City in the afternoon. In the evening
he is booked for a speech ut Falls City, On
his return from the notifleation ceremonies he
will speak on Thursduy ut Manhattan, Kas,
and Beatrice, Neb. The next day he will muke
au series of five-minute addresses from the rear
platform of his special car ut Nebraska pointe
yetween Beatrice und South Omaha. These
speeches ure undertaken with the ides of giving
the eompxatigns in Nebraska and Kunsas at
impetus that is expected to aid the candidates
materially He will be accompanied by Fusion
nominees for Congress in the various districts
traversed

Mr. Bryan makes this statement of wher
tariff and silver have been temporarily pushed
to the rear

“We have fought against the high tariff, and
we fight against the logh tariff to-day because
we see great trusts hiding behind tariff barriers
and plundering American citizens, while ther
compete in foreign markets But we do not
regard the tariff as the supreme issue The
qiiestion of taxation is one which you can meet

at any time. When the silver question came
up we placed the tariff? question in the back
around and fought on the silver question. Wa
said that the American people should have an
American financial poliev, and that, without
the aid or consent ot any other
nation on earth, and we believe = it
to-day 1 would be ashamed to

look a fellow citizen in the face if Thad to aseapt
English dictation on flnance in the United
Rtates, But the question of imperialism has
arisen and for the time being itengrosses public
attention. If T am sitting in a house with a
Republican discussing economic questions and
the house catches fire, we stop long enough
to put out the fire. The Republican par
has injected into American politics to-day a
question which affects the house itself and en-
dangers our self government. Give us the
right to legisJate on every question and we will
settle every question that concerns the Ameri
can people, but when you take away the right

to govern ourselves, then that question must

be settled. The very people who were not
willing four years ago that the American people
should attend to their own business, now want
the American people to atiend to the business
of other people in other parts of the world,”

 

Alleged Absconder Nabbed for Theft,

In January, 1899, Franklin 8. Bailey, a real
estate agent at 336 Broome street, sent Stewart
Perrine of 246 East Twenty-third street, who
was in his employ, to deposit $660 in the RBowerr
Savings Bank. Perrine, he alleges, disappeared
with the monev, On Seturcay night Bailey met
him on the Bowery and had him arrested. In the
Esaex Market police court yesterday he was held
for trial on a charge of grand larceny. Hs
would make no statement,

 

HOOK
& EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900.

CLOSED
bya

TOUCH

OPENED

by a

PULL

TO ALL WOMEN.

Your struggle with dress fastenings is all over now, IF you use the SNAP HOOK

AND EYE.

A new thought worked out in the newest, best and most up-to-date way.
A new sense of ease, of comfort and security in dressing,

convenience for all women,
and a new pleasure in undressing quickly,

A new

‘*THE SNAP DOEsS IT.”
The hook has a little steel spring that holds the eve fast.

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents fora sample card.

white or black.

Say whether

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 B'way, N. Y. City.

 

int

eae nla A A IE

a i remeron

 

 

 

an

ee ee eee ee

—

se ea

~~

“oe