Poe

—-

—crere

Per ee~t- ATE

eer

EN EE OO

aes

ait

RR Se tts nen ene in ie |

 

}
i
;

TRILBY PARTY AT ASBURY.

TWELVE WOMEN COMPETE IN A BENCH
SHOW OF FEET,

 

Judges Were Men and Spectators Were Allowed
to Examine Exhibits Before Prises Were
Awarded—Vounder Bradley Is Down on
the Shirt-Waist Man—Went Last, He Says.

Aspcny Paks, Aug. 19.--Mr. Bradley—and
there is never any mistake at Asbury Park
as to whom you mean when you say Mr. Brad-
ley—eat on the boardwalk this afternoon
and disoussed shirt waists, triple-reefod bath-
jog suite and the general subject of seashore
ruorality, He took bis text from a new pla-
card which he has caused to be put up on the
pavilion at the foot of Cookman avenue, lt--
the placard—has a quotation from a letter
written by an indignant matron on the eub-
jeot of improper bathing suite worn by men.
“Disgusting” te the term the matron apr lies
to some of the surf costumes which youths,
ond even elderly men, are in the habit of pult-
ting on when they go in swimming before

folks and then disport themselves oo the sand. |

Below this ringing protest, which ts quoted
in full, there is Mx. Bradley's official indorse-
ment that there is weight in the complaint
and bis official direction to the boardwalk
police to see to It hereafter that the impro-
prieties complained of are discontinued.

“It’s all of a plece with this shirt-waist bual-
ness.” eaid Mr. Bradley refiectively. “The
ehirtewaist men are on the increase all the
ume. Why. even one of my officers here got
touched with the disease and appeared right
here on the walk about his dutics In a shirt
waist. 1 don't like the shirt-waist
told the officer to go and put on his coat and
wear hia badge on his coat. Yes, this shirte
waist business la epreading amazingly. | pre-
diet that it will spread even more, 1 think
it will go on and on to such extremes that tt
will kill itself, wear itself out by ita own ex-~
travagance, before the season is over, The
newspapers helo to spread it. Here one of
our local papers only the other day aunounced
that at such and such a hotel the landlord had
let down the barriers on shirt waists aud that
shirt-waist men were now permitted in thedining
room. What was the consequence of that?
Why. another fresh impetus to the fad, of course,
and more shirt-waist men breaking out all
over the place,

“Weil, this thing the lady complained of

a fad in the sume line—but worse of course,
t hu broken out at the
along the «bore. 1 hud ow letter from a lady
on the subject only the other duy. Members
of her family were bere and she wanted to
know tf the diagusti lg costumes were permitted
here—the kind, [ mean, that are meutioned on
the placard there, The objectionable things
are the trunks. The trunks are short enough
anyway, but the young men make (hem shorter.
They take tucks in them and roll them up-—-
that is, those do who think they huve got
fine set of underpinning. It is just as it is in
Beotiand. In Scotland when a young fellow
thinks he has got a good pair of legs the first
thing he wants to do Is to get into kills Kits
are a relic of barbarism, anyway. Well, this
barelegged business got to golng too far, and
the bobtall jersey business got to golng too far
likewise. Now, @ jersey ought to come down
as far as that policeman's tunio there, But
they got to having them shorter and shorter.
Ho bor a week or #0 back we have been holding
a stricter rein on things. We have had no
trouble about the bathing sults of the women,
{t has al! been with the men. We have called
down a number of them and told them their
bathing sulta were not what they should be
They knew wel] enough what was the matter
As soon as we spoke to them they commenced
letting out the reefs that they had taken in
their trunks

“I have bean aceised of bein
and a crank and al] sorts of things. Now I
have iret got one thing In mind and thai is to
keaep this place decent, so that a man can have
his wife end daughters here without having
them exposed to exhibitions that are offensive
and degrading. I shut down the bathing on
Sunday at noon. I do this because I believe
tn the American Sunday for one thing and
do It also in order that the peonle going to an
from church may not be annoyed by the crowd
and confusion on the board walk. I don't
believe in being too sectarian but | do believe
{n recognizing that there is such a day as Sun-
day as we Americans of the old school were
brought up to know it. I was brought up a
Methodist but T have got broader views than I
used to have. I love a Sunday service of any
kind thatis moral. I go to the Catholic service,
to the Episcopal service am! I go to hear Mr.
Allen. He is an agnostic, but he preached a
sermon here that would have done credit to a
Methodist pulpit.

“Yes, I am in favor of having the Sunday

Puritanteal

trains atop here, and they will, IT think, next
year, It atultifies the place to have a notice
on the time tables that the trains don't stop
here Sundays is

Mr. Bradley's views on “Trilby Parties”
were not gathered. “Trilby Parties” are anew
thing at Asbury and it is ‘ust possible Mr,
Bradley may not have heard of them.

“Trilby Party” might be otherwise describe:
as a bench show of feet. A. A, Stiles invented
them, He was called upoo by the guests of
the Grand Avenue Hotel to get up something
new. Donkey parties had begin to pall, pro-

sive euchre had lost ita charm, the Satur-
fay evening hop had become s«iale, flat and
unprofitable. There was a demand upon
Stiles for something new. Stiles rese to the
occasion. He boldly proposed the bench show
of ladies’ feet. There were gasps at Stilea‘’s
rashneas; there was even a holding up of hands
in horror on the part of some of the matrona,
But, on the other hand, there were argumenta,
iven Mr. Bradley, it waa advanced, admitted
the existence of feet. He went even farther
and allowed exposed feet on the boardwalk,
The uplifted hanc were lowered, but still
there was a dubious shaking of heads,

“It don't seem right,” said one of the mar-
ried women, “but I don't know. If I were to
eo into the thing I think I'd wear thove new
clogked silk stockings. I've never had them

on.

And so it was settled. The “Trilby Party”
was a; proved 4
—first, second and third. H. 8. Bernard,
civil engineer of the Long Branch Railroad,
and Charies R. Shantz, a manufacturer, were
chocen a8 two of the judges, and they agreed
upon Mr. Stiles to act with them as the third

For several hours the three judges pored
over books on foot anatomy hey did not
stop there. One of them, it Is said, visited a
local physician and obtained from him the
necessary requirements of a perfect foot, In
another case a chiropodist was consulted. The
result was that before the contest began the
judges were deeply versed In foot lore

The contest took
of the hotel, Severs] sheets were sewed to-
«ether and these served as a curtain. Behind
this screen on a platform were the contestants
twelvein number. At@o'clock, with the dining
rooin Wroaged with guests, Mr. Schroeder,

who act as master of ceremoni
announced that the contest was "Ol _
Twelve dainty ankles protruded from a pro-

fusion of lace skirts.and the spectators we
invited to come forward and onamine thea
Vamiliarities with the contesting feet were
steruly barred by the master of ceremonies,
Up and down the line, several times, walked the
6 tators passing judgement or criticism on
the feet. One of the onlookers had the audacity
to raise the curtain {fn an effort to find out to
whoin one of the feet belonged. The judges
sat down on him heavily. After five minutes
review Mr. Schroeder annotinced that the
judges would now take their turn, and deter-
mine who were the prize winners. Muffied
laughter came from behind the curtain at times.
nea the examiners picned up «ome particular
foot in order to study its anatomy more closely,
It was observed that the extensor brevis dicl-
torum of one contestant’s foot waa not suffi-
clently developed’ and (hat there was a depres-
alon In the prentar regen.

e tarsa) bones of another were al 7
but the sesamold bones did not ~ rieht,
what Trilby possessed. In the case of atill
another the dorsal cuboides were too «mall
and the metatarsal ligament of the fifth toe
did not show up well, One foot was thou he
by one of the !udges to be entitled to first prine
but it did not nass« muster with the others be-
cause the Internal lateral ligaments of the

hianges were not full enough. When the
Judges came to one foot that seemed at first
gence tater they atudied long an earnestly,
hey noted that the abductor minimi digiti
was al] right; that the os cuboides were of the
prorer sive and that the os naviculare was
perfect. To the owner was awarded the first
prize, @ gold necklace. After this the de'er-
mination as to where the second and third
prizes, a breastpin and a pair of silk stockings
was an easy matter, It was the privilege of
the judges to tie the blue, red and yellow rib-
bons, Feprenentin first, second 1
prizes, on the ankles of the winners, and t
they did while the orchestra played “Ben ait

The curtain was drawn aside a ter the con-
testants had donned their footwear. In the
excitement one contestant lost one of her slip-
pers, but it was afterward recovered. The
winner of the first prive ia a yound woman
very well known and very popular here.

 

Justice Smyth's Funeral.

The funeral of Justice Frede tok Smyth will
be held at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning in
St. Gabriel's Church in East Thirty-seventh
atreet. Mar Farlev, Auxijary Bishop of the

archdiocese o' New York, and pastor of the
chureh, bh: was a ilile-ic p
Sine th, wil ——
e palboar-ra wil the Justices Va
Beach F gceraid aid Patte*on Judge Cow-
Pry ex-Justces Cohe» and Donohue, and
\\ fiitan Cla; mort, Devid Me lure, J. Edward
Simmons, Ric Croker and Francis Higgins.

Brunt,

THE SOUND LOBSTER WAR.

 

Fishermen Takiog Up Gear~Crippling an im
portant Industry.

Noaxk, Conn,, Aug, 19.—In compliance with
the demands of the New York State Fisheries
law, a4 applied to the five lobster fishermen
of this port who were arrested last week for
setting their trapsin the “Race” and nearby
waters of the Fmpire State, the remaining
Connecticut lobstermen are removing their
apparatus from all New York waters as fust
as possible, The ten days’ time lint given by
Oyster Protector Overton of New York to
effect this expired on Saturday.

The lobstermen alluded to, C, Fowler, Oscar
Chester and S. B. Wilcox of the sloop Florence,
Capt. A. V. Morgan of the sloop Ko Peep and
A. P Brown of the sloop Lena, paid with three
men from other parts of the State $320 in fines
into the enevel fund of the New York Game
Cornmiasion in Justice Terry's court In Green-
port, where they were arraigned. The charge
against them was the violation of the prohibi-
tive law against non-residenta taking sheli-
fish in New York waters,

The enforcement of this law, which was not
known of bere, has made not a little stir in the

fishing villawea of southeastern Connecticut,
In this place alone the lobster-catehing industry
wil] be crippled and the large amount of gear
now used by the fahermen will be rendered
sractically useless, It is calculated that about
150.000 is Invested in the’ business by the Noank

| lobstermen alone, and this amount will be vir-

man. 1 |

|

bathing places ali |

Chere were to be three prizes |

place In the dining room |

and third |

| gented at the

tually tied up tnlese the material can bs sold
eleewhere, It is a question with many of the
ponerere as to what they will do tlow, as they
nave always been interested in this calling
Some of the fahermen had as many aa 200 pots
and had been catching 200 pounda of the fish
per niaht

The Stonington and Mystic lobstermen are
indignant over the arrest of the Noankers, and
allewe that the oMecials’ treatment of their \le-
time while in Greenport waa shebby in the
extreme-the assertion being made that @
pistol waa drawn upen them in one instance
The lobstermen have engaged counsel to look
after their interests in the diffleulty

The youns lobsters brouglit from the Woods
Hole lobster hatchery to be liberated in this
region are turned loose on the Connecticut
side of Fisher's Island Sound.
ceana increase In size it is known that they go
directly to the deeper waters on the New York
const, It especially irritates the Connecticut
lobstermen to feel that under the statute as
it now appears to stand Conneticut territory
alds in the development of the lobster crop
while the harvest belongs to New York.

EXPENSIVE NAP FOR O'KEEFFE,

Dored in « Saloon and Lost His Money -Thinks
a Pretended Brother Got It,

Thomas O'Keefe of 641 Sixth avenue went
into Flannery’a saloon at 114 East Forty-firat
street on Saturday and fell asleep there, Over
the saloon Hves Charles McGuinness, who

frequently has errands which take him into |
took |
He noticed |
the recumbent O'Keefe, his head pillowed on a |

Flannery’s place. One of the errands

him in there while O'Keefe slept.

table, and spoke of him to the bartender, Thomas

Gallagher.

“He's my brother,” sald McGuinness,
guess I'l) stand him for a touch.”

Gallagher aaserta that McGuinness went
over to O'Keefe, fumbled about the sleeping

man a moment, and then walked out, When
O'Keefe awoke an heur later he cried loudly
that he had been robhed of $18 in bills. Then
the bartender told of McGuinness and hig broth-
erly act, and O'Keefe said he never had a brother
and that he didn’t know any McGuiuness who
would be guilty of so mean an act. The bar-
tender advised him to wait & minute before he
got excited, and pre er thy they caw McGuinness
come in at a doorat the side of the saloon and
go upstairs to his room. O'Keefe put his
finger at the side of his nose, after the manner
of a story-book sleuth, and hurried over to the
Fast Thirty-fifth street lice station. tie
told Detective Van Delft of bis expensive nap
and the detective hurried with him to McGuin-
jeas'’a rooms. They found their quarry sitting

“I

there aprqrentty quite unconcerned. He
stoutly denied having taken anything from
O'Keefe,

*. wouldn't eteal from any one,” he pro-
tested. Then he dropped on his knees and
sald, “You can search me. I haven't even got
a postage stamp on me.”

He was arrested, but the missing money
was not found and he continued to protest
his innocence, Magistrate Brann tn the York-
ville police court yesterday held him for ex-
amination to-day on a charge of larceny.

 

MASS FOR AUSTRIA'S EMPEROR.

Sung in Celebration of Francis Joseph's Sev-
entieth birthday. .

The Church of St. Joseph at First avenue
and Eljghty-seventh street was filled at the
11 o'clock service yesterday when a eoleran
high mass of thanksgiving was sung in cele-
bration of the seventieth birthday of Em-
peror Francis Joseph I. of Austria, Alex-
ander Nubey, the acting Consul-General of
Austria-Hungary in this city, issued tnvita-
tions on Monday to prominent Austrians here
and to the members of the different legations
to attend the mass. The church was decorated
with the standards of the old kingdoms of
Austria and Hungary, the poyal banners of
the Lapsburgs, the imperial «standard of Aus-
tria-flungary. and the Stara and Stripes

When nearly all the worshippers had been
seated acting Consul-General Nubey, in the
uniform of hla office, entered the church, ac-
companied by four of his secretaries, John
Nviri, Jullus Stern, Rudolph Yesterick and
Rudolph von Beechy. Secretary von Beechy
{a a lieutenant in the Reserve Artillery of
Aystria-Hungary and was in uniform, The
other secretaries wore evening dress, after
the foreign fashion. Consul-General Karl
Buenz of Germany, Consul-General Giovanni
Branchi of Italy Consul Sacazuehi Nehidi
of Japan and consular representatives of other
countries were present

Prof. Emil Revl, organist of St. Joseph's,
provided an elaborate programme. The
solemn high masse of Mozart waa rendered

by an orchestra and a mixed choir of filty
volcas, The mass was celebrated by the Kev
Fr. Lamell, pastor of St. Joseph's, with the
Rev, G. B. Weber as deacen and the Rev. 0. F,
Strock as sub-deacon. It waa
a short address in German by the Rev. F. Schu-
mark, eulogizing the Emperor Francis Joseph,
At the close of the service the Austrian na-
tional hymn was sung

BROKE INTO A

MINERS

 

MEETING.

 

 

Idaho State Deputy Selecs Records and Gets
Out Despite Twenty Men,

RpoxaNnr, Wash, Aug. 19. State Deputy
Samuel Findlay of Idaho broke the door down
and entered a meeting of the miners’ union at
Gem, Idaho, on Friday night, and took pos
seasion of the books and papers of the union.
Secretary A. 8. Balch attempted to retain his
records aud was assaulted by the deputy,
Balch waa struck onthe head, During the con-

fusion the deputy made his way out of the hall

Meetings of miners’ unions are prohibited
in the Cour d'Alenes py the State authorities
hut they are being held. It is part of Deputy
Findlay’s instructions to prevent such gath-
erings. Findlay heard of the meeting and
knocked ontherear door, which
afew inches. He demanded to know what was
going on and was told it was none of bis bus!-

ness, He is a powerful man, 6 feet, 2
inches tall, and weighing 254 pounds. He threw
his shoulders against the door, which gave

way. Entering the room, where twenty meme
bers of the union were gathered, he seized the
records and departed,

MRS. KOTHE IN DISTRESS.
Thirty Years Ago She Wasa Belle in Cincin-
nati and Was Rich,

Cricago, Aug. 10.~ Mrs. Cynthia St, Clair
Kothe and her Invalid son, strangers in Chicago,
are being cared for by the police, Mother and
son were found at the Dearborn street station
in an almost helpless condition, The son was
sick and Mre. Kothe was prostrated by worry.
The mother fa 58 years old and looks older
The son is 30 and sickness has made him well
nigh helpless. Mra, Kothe is the daughter of
Samuel Matson, onee @ boot and shoe manu-
facturer of Cincinnati and In his lifetime the
wealthiest man in the Middle West, \When a
roung Wotan ehe was one of the belles of the

hio city and married William Kothe, a well-
known composer and musiciag He was the
author of many popular songs of thirty years
aKo. among them being “Cyathia's Dream,”
which he named after bis young wile. ,

 

 

The Sixty-ninth Will Not Ke Kepresented at
the Long Branch Militery Show,

The Sixty-ninth Regiment will not be repre-

miltary tournament at Long

Branch on Friday anu Saturday Company G

win giory forthe regim nt last year, and, in-
edentilly, had a eood time t is enid the

solciers are much disappo nted heeanse Co!
Duff has decided ‘hat no comps ny of | is com-
mandehali tak rarcin the ehow. Col. Dug
raid he didn't care to have the regiment repree

sented and that that was all there was to it

Ae the crusta- |

es eeaieeennemeinaenaanee A eR TEE

 

|

 

| refuse and dirt Cumped on it,

 

followed by |

was opened |

| apparently standing In a money chest.
| the central figure fa stamped Jackson's ex-

Pooee Ciencia

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

On the desk of the secretary of one of the
oldest copper manufacturing firms in this
city fa a steel die which has served as a paper
welght for thirty-five years, and the coins
struck off by it are now, for the most part’
in the hands of collectors. This die was used
for striking copper tokena which symbolized
the contest between President Andrew Jackson
and the old United States Bank of Philadel-
phia in 1882. The engraving on the die repre-
sonta President Jackson, sword in hand and
Around

pression, “I take the responsibility,” which
arose out of his controversies with the bank,
When this die was made the predecessors of
the present company not only manufactured
copper wire but aleo made a@ special leature
of copper coins, chiefly for South American
countries and for private business firms which
made a practice of isautng thelr own copper
coins to be redeemed by them afierward. Jur-
Ing the Civil War and just. pre« eding it many
private corporations Issued tokens which elr-
culated as pennies and some of them ae now
worth & great many tines their original value
to collectors.

One of the serious problems in many house-
holds each summer {s how to take care of the
cat while the family is away to the country,
and a son of a janitor of a blg apartment house
on the West Side has solved it this year to the
satisfaction of every cat owner on @ certaln
block. Mature cate do not take kindly to
summer migrations, and in cases where the
family are going to @ hotel It ts impossible to
take the cat along. Not a few women who
are spending the summer within easy distance
of New York come to town two or three times
a week to feed their cats, This janitors son
canvassed a block of houses early in the
apring and offered to assume the care of cats
during the summer for a modest compensa-
tion, which was much lees than the cat own-
er'a expenses would be to travel to town and
look atter the animal herself, He had reter-
ences to establish hia honesty and he secured
the ent job from every woman who was com-
pelled to leave her cat behind. Twice a day
he makes the rounds, leaving water and food
tor each cat cs

If ships had ghosts one office down on Front
street would be haunted, Years ago a big
ship ran ashore just where this offloe now stands.
The city did not extend as far out into the
river as it does now and Front street did not
exist. The wreck remained where it was and
the sand drifted around it. When the city
moved out toward the river no effort was made
to remove thig wreck. It was buried by the
When the office
building was erecied the wreck was so far below
the surface that it did not interfere with the
foundations, and there it is to this day, The
man who owns this building says that it is the
only one in this city which t# built over the
wreck of aship, and apparently the old boat te
stanch enough to stand the burden.

 

Grass is not a very common sight on Fifth
avenue even in the summer time, but it is
growing now on one corner not far from the
top of Murray Hill, This particular corner
waa at one time the centre of New York's
fashionable life and every one of the four resi-
detices situated on it was occupied by a promi-

nent family. Now business has taken po#-
seasion of the recion and only one corner
etill retains a residence, That ts for sag and
has already been selected by rumor as the home
of several clubs. Butitisstill unchanged in
appearance and has never been oceupled since
the death of its last owner, Grass has grown
in the spacaa between the flagstones and in
the thin lines of earth next the iron fence

The peculiarities of actors are usually ex-
cused, as are the peculiarities of all geniuses,
and however marked they may be, most per
sons are likely to be indulgent to them. Actors
show their eccentricities of tefnperament in
various faehions, “One of the best known
actors on the American stage and one of the
most prosperous, for he rarely mukes less
than $50,000 a season,” suid « manager who was
discussing thls question, “ehows his peculiar
ity of temperament in a most singular way.

At the same time this method {s very profitable
to him. He will never puy more than $4,000
for the use of any play, however successiul it
may be, Scmetunes he pays considerably
leas, of course, but bis limit is always $4,000,
I don't know how he came to settle on this
purely arbitrary limit, but he has, Persons
might suggest that lawyers and. contracts
could brit him to terms, but so fur he has
always come triumphantly out of any attempts
to make him disgorge. In one cave he was
acting a play made from a novel. He paid the
suthor $4,000 in royalties and then wrote to
his home in London saying that he had de-
cided on consideration to pay no more tohim,
na the play had been «0 much altered and tm-
nroved as to be pructically his own, The ase
ton. hed dramatist, who had never before heard
ol this actor's pecullarity, Drought « eult against
him whieh is still pending, In another case he
wld a forelen author whose pliy was not pre-
footed here $4,000 in royalties after having
made public his great generosity under the
cirournsta:iqea, He stopped short, however,
when the $4,000 limit was reached, although the
play made u fortune for him.”

The destruction of a hotel {n a Southern
town, popular as a winter resort, left the place
with no appropriate quartera for the fashion-
able men and women who are accustomed
to go there every winter.
been a very luxuriots establishment in ils
best duys, but it was sadiy missed. Rather
than have it rebullt and conducted as it had
been,several of the residents of the town bought
the property and are to control the new hotel
when it is completed. ‘Lhey have made it
known that the hotel will be as comfortable
as it is possible to make it, and that It will be
conducted in accordance with tie best standards,
But there will be absolutely Do attermpt at the
magnificence and splendor that have been
characteristle of eo many recently built hotels
Merely good taste nnd aor are to be sought
for in the decorations of the buliding, which
ie destined to house a public to whom these
qualities are expected to appeal.

 

| to

 
   
   

 

ee elena

SUN,

LOST HIS ROLL AT CONRY.

VICTIM'S SAD STORY OF TWO WOMEN,
4 MAN AND A CLUB,

Three Boys Arrested for Picking Pockets
One Taught the Others and Was to Get
Half the Profits— Woman's Gold Wa
Taken—Twenty Men Arrested on Saspicion,

James, Ralle, 82 years old, Sarah Jarett, 23,
and Sadie Perry, 28, of West Second street
Gravesend, were before Magistrate Voorhees in

the Coney Island police court yesterday charged
of

MONDAY,

 

  

ee

AUGUST

with stealing $121 from Henry Lesser

28 Bowery, Manhattan Lesser, according

to the story told by him tn court, went to Coney

Island on Saturday night and about 2 o'clock

yesterday morning met the two women in

William Barton's restaurant in Weat Third

erect He afterward accompanied them

home. Ralle then appeared and demanded |
what money he had, He refused to give up

his money and Kalle, he said, felled him to
the floor with a club and took the money. Les-
ser reported the matter to the police, and the
rrest of Ralle and the women followed. Mag-
trate Voorhees held the three prenvers for
further examination to-day on the charge of
grand larceny. :
Herman Goldberg, 16 years old, of 11 Eldridge
street, Samuel Cohen, 13 years old, of 198 Mad-
ison street, and Isadore Cioldstein, 12 years old
of 122 Mad{son street, Manhattan, were arrested
at Coney Isiand last night while trying to plek
the pockets of two. women on Surf avenue.
When searched at the police station a silver
watch waa found on Cohen which he confessed
was stolen, He said that Goldberg had brought
him and Goldstein to the Island early in the day
to pick the pockets of visitors, and they were
to reoeive hal! of whatever they could manage
steal. Both Cohen and Goldstein raid

| they had been taught to piok pockets by Gold-
)

a

The hotel had never |

The theatrical season in New York begins |

this year earlier than usual, presumably that
the managers may get the benefit ° the few
weeks that prece.e the exciting perio! of elev-
tion interest. Last spring theatricals cane
lo a sudden stop here much in aivance of the
usual time and the suromer was less fully sup-
plie. with inJoor amusements than any pre-
oe ing term had ever been. The conclusion

that New York is not a city for summer theatres |

has impresse . itself cecil e ly on local managers
anc

finally been aban onel, But it took some
time to make this clear, It ts usually possible
for one to succes. The cesira to be that

particular one frequent!y lei to a number of
summer pro uctions wotoh usually resulted
in loss to their managers. Satisfiei that the
rewar {a not worth the struggle, managers
close their theatres which at least insures them
against loss. It was thought to bea growtr
belief among managers that tha early fa
weeka were likely to be unprofitable. That
opinion ie still entertaine | by many manngers,
ap: the eurly openings this fall mean rather
the -esire for the patronage in the weeks he-
fore election than any belle? that the first nights
of September are likely to yiel! largo profita,
These earls pro uctions are patronize chiefiy
by the real ents of other towna passing through
New York on their way homewar: from the
Eastern watering placea or those here on
business. But the paying local theatre-goin
publie is not seen in the city until the first of
October

 

Tt is possible to nay at last that the popularity

| of the so-called “coon song” as a means of

| show

| ther

entertainment has begun to wane. On moet
of the roof gardens and in the variety theatres
the “coon song” is no longer the offering with

futile efforts to inake summer profits have |

which an entertainer Introduces himself, but |

fe more likely to be the final song intended
to bring the number to the noisy climax pos-

alble only with the untrained shouting that

does no damage to the meledy of ragtime
ditties. As a feature of the ragtime music's
waning Yoru, the dectine of the negro per-

former's favor is to be expected and probab)

there is as much cause for eongratulation
{n one case as in anoth What the successor
of the ragtime tune will be nobod: has vet
attempted to prophe Good Irish songs
are searee, but there is a bellef that public
taste might turn to wwem The languidly
sentimental seems Just now to be str

with the patriotic for temporary quartet
in the musie halls. Whether or not the winner
fs to survive as the successor to the ragtime
epidemic ti is not possible to aa: But it is
quite certain that the sentimental “mother”
songs are now altogether @ taste of the past.

  

 

Urauge Horse Show.

Fast ©Onanoe, Aug. 19 —The Riding and
Driving Club has decided to hold another horse
at the clubhouse, Halstead street, this
city, on Oct. 25, 26 and 37 Already a li

number of owners «ffine hor es Live clvaloea
intentiin of making exhibita, and the
committeets doing al. in its power to make thea
show a sucee s, Supt. Join Ful her, R. F

Rey ea i
aye and Ira Kip, Jr, are arranging the

| and take good care of Rob ery

ved people on KevE ral occa-

berg, and bad rot
he had

sions, Goldberg also confessed that
taken the lads to the Island to rob people, All
were held for examination this spogning,

John Shepp, 24 years old, of 246 Chrystie
street, and Henry Ciolden, 22 years ald, of

20 Fast Twenty-sixth street, Manhattan, were
arrested at the Coney Island and Rrooklyn
Railroad terminal last night. by Detective
Harrington of the Central Office, Brooklyn,
charged with stealing a old watch from Mrs.
Emma Schultz of 2 Eldert street, Brooklyn
The theft was committed while Mra. Rehults
was about to board a trolley car for the city
While Shepp jostled her Golden twisted the
watch from the chain. It was afterward found
in his posaersion

The Coney Island police during the night
also gathered In twenty men on suspicion of
being pickpockets.

ENGELS HAVE A MASCOT.

Good Luck Perches Once More on the Banner
of the Association,

The Martin Engel Association of “de Ate”
Assembly district, which has been pursued by
a hoodoo for several years, has at last found a
mascot in the form of one of the homellest dogs
ever seen in the district. Up to two weeks
ago the animal belonged to the army of canine
hoboes: now he ia living tn aMuence. A re-
ception was given in his honor yesterday by
members of the association and a silver collar
was presented to him in recognition of the part
he is credited with playlng In steering the
organization back {nto the realins of pros-
perity.

“I had some doubts as to carrying the dis-
triet for Bryan,” said Rosey the Lawyer, yer-
terday, “but since we got this dog all my fears
have been swept away. Free silver and anti-
imperialism arguments are good enovgh fn
their way, but | wasin despair until the pup
showed up.”

The dog, which bears the naine Robbery,
drifted into the saloon of the late Silver Dollar
Amith in Easex street about two weeks ago.
fie has the body of a brindle bull and the head
ofa pug. The head ts jet black and the under
Jaw protrudes, displaying a fine set of teeth.
He made himself at home at once and attracted
the attention of the ostracized set of the Martin
Engel Association, who were waiting for free
lunch to be served, by suddenly running out
to the sidewalk, taking a cracker from the hand
of a little child and carrying it into the offive of
a lawyer who is a rival to Rosey,

“A new steerer in Essex street, "shouted Rosey.
“We will name him Robbery,” and the name
has clung to the dog since. This display of
intelligence on the part of the animal made
him popular with the members of the Essex
Market Bar Association. The following day
the dog went across the street to the Essex

Market police court. and. made friends with
Roundaman Con Casey, who gave him the run
of the court. Every day since then the dog
visita the court and goes to all the room in
the building. If the gate leading to the Magis-
trat ‘'s roorn js locked he seratches on it with
his paw unt !it 1s opened and then rushes up
to the Magistrate and wags his tail The
Mawistrat’s know the dog and always give him

 

 

 

a welcome,
Early last Tuesday morning when the mem-
bers of the Martin Engel Association who stayed

up all night so as to make an early etart on |

the annual outing of the organization looked
at the sky they shook their heada dubtonely
and muttered “hoodoo” Two years ago the
excursion wae marred by a heavy rain, on

explosion on the steamboat on the return trip |

and by a runaway acefdent In which Fngel's
carriage ran over the leader of the band

' and it is now fe

Upon |

thelr return the members of the organization |

met and decided that It was beset by a hoodoo
Tt ratned on the day of last year's excursion
and in addition a crowd of card sharps and
ehell-game men cleaned out the affluent mem-
hers of the party Then there were mutters
ings about the Engel hoodoo. On the orveasion
of the excursion thla year the clouds cleared
awny fist as the steamboat which conveyed
the exctrsionista to the arove left the pler

Robhery, who had followed the procession,
ran down the gangplank One of the crowd
Max Hooh-

started to put him off when the Hon
atin ina Hoar se voice shouted: “On your life
don't touch that dog The sun is shfning on
usatlast Do you want to hoodoo the party?

The dow waa taken into one of the cabins and
his back was cently atroked by the Hon. Martin
‘nel, the Hon. Timothy D. Sullivan, Capt

“Diamond” Charlie Solomen and Capt. Kramer.
By order of Engel a committee of three was
appotnted to euard the animal during the day
and see that he was well looked after. He wes
fed on choice bits and petted by those who
came prepared to play the different gambling
ames which were running in the grove
Qrerybody In “dea Ate” knows the wonderful
luek the Fnaelites had on this dav Several
of the banks were put out of business and a
number of gamblers who went to the grove
expecting a rich harveat hurried back to New
York early in the day

“At last. at last!” exclaimed Rosey the Law-
yer, in an ecatas of Jor that night. as he threw
his arms around Engel’s neck: “we have found
a mascot.”

Robbers was taken !n charge that night by
Fdward Schueer, janitor of the Essex Market
police court, and was allowed to sleen on the
rug under the Magtstrate’s chair. The follow.
{ng dav it waa decided in view of the change of
nels aeorfhed to Robhers to vend a delegation
of the organization to Saratora The Flon
Martin Fngel, Caot.. Charles Kramer, Cant
“Diamond” Charile Solomon, the Hon. Max
Hochstim and Pinochle M:ere were selected
Ther left on Friday on the midnight train
loaded down with the winnings they made on
the excursion, Before they went each of them
fondled the dog and ordered Janitor Sehneer
to feed him on the beat in the land. The party
arrived in Saratoga early on Saturday

 

‘ morn-
ing and tmmediately paid thelr respects to
Mr. Croker. On Saturday afternoon Re eer

recelved the following telegram from Kramer

1 played Jade in the first race and won $1,200
Give Robbery a tenderloin sieak. loam going to
plunge A RAMER. *

Bhor'ly afterward Schneer received another
telegram which read;

Rub Robbery and give him some brotied chicken.

SOLOMON,

Schneer, who ian dutiful Tammany Ha!l man
hastened to obey orders and Robbery who is
blessed with a good appetite had all the chicken
he could eat. Another telegram received by
Bchneer read:

The gang cleaned up $8.590. Hurrah for the mas-
cot! We will be back Monday with nething but
money. Take good care of the dog, HocnstTim

At the rezular meeting of the association yes-
ter ay Koes informed the crowd of tie great
yu k of its representatives at Saratoga, ‘Bo. s,"’

se said, “itis (tting that we follow Instructions
His velue to
Us inthis campaign must pot be underestimated,
1 know that our leader will be pleased to learn
that this .ittle dog has regeived the récognition
due hin I have arranced to bring bimitn here,
give him a g@ od din oer of fried chicken and fix-

jae and then present him with this siiver
collar,” and Roaey held up to view the collar &
The surrve-tion was received with cheers

from all but the ostracized. et. “Vere do va
gome in?” asked Fiddles Finkelstein: “I only
hadt cheese for dinner.”

“You fellows are hoodoos,” replied Rosey
“What loen-e have you to eat chicken?” r

Robbery. waa then brought fh the room
and a well-filled pinte was placed tn front of
him. Fiddles reached over to the plate for
6 ampall woe of the chk ken and the dog promp ily
it his hanc 7
‘L tell you one thing,” shouted Rosey to Fid-
dies, “if that dog catches hydror hobia \
veg your fnigh ne district.”

“Vat am Ff, a dog or a Tam mans?”
replied Fiddles nr ”

“Hoth,” reclied Rosey

The collar was then placed on the dog and
the crowd cheered enthusiastically for Bry an
free silver and Robbery .

     

     

ath y eres

20, 1900.

ROWING.

 

Oarsmen Hard at Work for the Middle States
Regatta.

The activity of the Harlem River oarsmen
yesterday indicate that the Middle States
regatta on Labor Day, which will wind up
the open events In this vicinity, will be as #uo-
cessful as the other rowing fixtures of the sea-
son. Entries will not close until Aug. 27 with
DPD. Brown, Secretary, 100 Weat 1Wth street,
but the crews which will compete are now
nearly all organized, and in most iustances
the coaches took advantage of yesterday's
ideal weather to put the men through hard
rows in the morning and afternoon

The Bohemians, who have captured a large
share of the honors this season under the
coaching of George Van Viiet, intend to make
a big bid for additional glory at the Middle
States. The senior eight let up for awhile
after the National regatta, but ite practice
fa now in full swing. Two changes have been
made which will probably increase the speed
of the boat Chraatil, an old member of the
elght who stayed out of the early races to prac-
tise soulling, has been reinstated at bow, and
Belenaky, another good sculler, has been put
at 7. Chrastil has much improved in his row-
ing ‘and the crew now Includes four scullers,
as Budre and Vesely are both clever at that
branch of rowing. VanViiet is now coaching
Vesely with the idea of his taking the junior
singles at the Middle States, while Behensky
will try for the intermediate. The latter will
aleao have Chraatil for a partner in the inter-
mediate double event

The Dauntless eight, which f« considered
the only dangerous rival of the “Bohoes,” has
been slow in getting to work, and, in conse-
quence many admirera of Davy Roach's boys
are inclined to pin their faith to the Bohemians
for the Labor Day event. The Dauntless boys
did not make their appearance on the water
yesterday, but Roach eays that he will surely
have the crew out this evening. He expecta
to make the agwregation stronger than the
eight which won the intermediate at the Na-
fonal by putting in two men who had pre-
viously won their reniorship The Daunt-
less also expects to develop a junior elght in
time tor the Middle States,

The Harlem Rowing Club will be strongly
represented in the junior and intermediate
doubles on Labor Day. For the former event
the following four crews are training; Hirsoh
and Rooney, Schultz and Scofield, Borchart
and Holton, and Beannell and Hoffman. The
men have all shown good form in practice,
and a trial race will take place, before the en-
tries close, to determine which of the doubles

shall represent the club. M. Davis and &.
Dolan will carry the Harlem colors in the in-
ermnediate event. At the Harlem clubhouse
yesterday it was said that an effort might be
made at the meeting of the Middle States As-
sociation to-night to have a senfor double tn-
serted in the pregramme, a8 Maher and Vought
are esearcely saticfled that they were defeated
on thelr merits {n the Hoboken gig race on
Saturday, by Mehrhoff and Crawford of the

Nassaus, The Harlem men say they had the
worst water and were also ouf-boated. They
hink they can reverse the order in a race

rowed in shells,
Goepfert und Bilnzen of the Metropolitans,
who are training for the pair-oared race for
the Middle States, have had to stop work tem-
porattiy Thev were practising In an old boat
ought from the Atalantas and put so much
power In their stroke that they pulled the boat
apart, In case they are unable to procure a
new one in time for the regatta, the club will
be represented any way fn the same event by
John Ormsby and George Sackett. These
men are members of the police bieycle aquad
The Union Boat Club senior four wlll start
training to-day as Capt. Kemp has at last
secured a sultable boat. tle purchased it
from Ed Smith, the K. A. ©. coach, and the
shell is said to have been used by the noted
Atalanta crew that went to England in the
70s and of which Sinith was a member
Coach Plaisted of the Clifton Boat Club,
Staten Island, was at the Harlem R. C. house
asterday afternoon making — arrangements
or the accommodation of the four and eight-
oared crews of the Cliftons, which will ehift
their. training quarters to Harlem to-day.
The four ia the crew that defeated the Staten
Island B.C. in a match race on Saturday and
Plaisted {fs almost sure it will make a good
showing in the Junior aig race at the Middle
States regatta. In addition Plaisted is eoach-
ing King and Scofield and Quigley and McDougal
for the junior double seulling race. They
will row a trial and the winning erew will be
entered. The above four men will also come
towether in a test for the Junior singles prior
to the closing of entries and the best man will
be elected to carry the club colors at the Middle
Sitntes
The Wvranokes are fairly active. The four-
oared crew that won the junior gia race at Ho-
boken will be entered in the intermediate event
of that character at the Middle @tates, Al
Wolf, the volunteer coach, !s also trying to get
a funior eluht together. Tha club te getting
along so weil that at a meeting held last Thurs-
day the dnea were increased,
he Wachusettes single and double shells,
over which much fuss was made when the
American oalmen sailed for France, have
heen taken to Worcester from the Atalanta
house, The four-oared shell was not shipped
r sale, so that the noted Wa-
chusetts four may be put down as disbanded,
especially as dames A, Ten Eyck, the father
of the champion aculler, ia quoted as saying

 

that he will never let his boy row in another

aweer race
it. f!. Brown and Richard Bard, Jr,, of tte
Columbia B.C. of Pittsburg, visited the clubs
all along the river yesterday looking for entries
for the rewatta to take place at Pittsburg on
Sept. 14. They expect the regatta to be a big
and hope to get entries from New York

 

ve of The following events Junior, inter-

mediate and single soulls: junior, intermediate
a senior doubles: four-oar Junior and
four-oard inter:nediat ll

the iiudson Boat Club, which has a four-
oaured crew trataing for the Middle States re-
watt will foin the M.S RO A Aseociation

at to-night’a meeting The Friendship B.C.
is also up for membership

Raymond and Kroll, the Nonpareil jinnior
donble, did good work yesterday Hoffman
and Crawford, the peir-oared entries, also wat-
isfied Capt. Canaven intheir spin

There will probably be three or four entries
for the espectacular contipede race at the Middle
States regattn, as word wae received vesterday
that the New York A, C. has a junior four in
training for the event

      

  

Knickerbocker A. ©. Carnival.

Neorly all the athletes who took part in the
Par 6 Exposition sports hive promised to com-
pete at the Knickerbocker A. C. athletic earni-
valon the club grounds, Bavonne, on Labor
Day. It is alsv expected that the noted Irish
showputter, Dennia Horean, the world’s record

| gill tddnclsgetimmen nega aay ee a

a

cook's FLAKED RICE

May be eaten for breakfast or luncheon in a variety of ways without

holder, will be over in time to compete in the
| svot-putting competition

Aside from the athtetie portion of the
programme there will be bavele races |
under the sanotionof the N. C. A. and an
exhibition o: fo ney trick nd bieyele riding by
Morven Hovendon There will be football
baseball and swimming races. The athletio

events on the cari are as follows;

‘Track Events--'00-yard run, bandieap; 800 yard

ron, handicap: one mile run, handicap; 849 yard
run, handicap: 449%-yarnd run, handicap; pole Vault
for beieht, handicap; putting the 16-peund shot,
handicap. .

Seventy fice yard open swimming race: 200-yard
open swimming Tiandican; one mile open bleycle
handicap, two mile open bieve ¢ handleap.

Entries close with J. EB Sullivan, 16 and 18
Place, on Aug. 27 Park

 

Corinthian Satiors of the Canarste Yacht Club
at the Tiller,

The annual regatta of the Canarsie Yacht Club
for the Corinthians of the organtration waa sailed on
Saturday off the cl. bhouse at Sanda Point, Jamala
Bay the wind was light from the southeast, and
it «fed away after half the course had been covered,
The boats went over the course in the time limit, how-
ever. | Wollf, a member of the club, who was on
the flagst {p Atrow, was knocked overboard while the
boom was being sentover to port atthe last mast buoy
off the Canarsle pler le was soon rescued, George
T., Winters's Irene won tn the sloop and cabin catboat
class on time elicwance, } X. Corr's Cacdle was first
{n te open catboat class over 20 feet, and W Samp-
6800'S Ideal In the class of open catboats under 20 feét
ESE eee

To secure listings in

THe TELEPHONE DikecToRY

to be used during October, November,
and December—New York's most active
season—contracts must be made before

September f, (900

Contracts may be made now for service

to begin on or after September Ist, if
desired.

New York Telephone Co.

Contract Offices:

, | 18 Dey Street,
MANHATTAN | 111 West 3ath Street.

THE BRONX: (48th St. and Third Ave.

 

 

= ad All Grocers.

satisfying.
grated cocoanut sprinkled over it, pleases the
children and {s a pleasant change from
cream and sugar.

cooking. Prepared as usual and served with
stewed frult or berries, it is refreshing and

A little powdered cinnamon or

«GOOD FOR BABY, TOO.”

Have !t to-morrow,
seeing it prepared on the table.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING,

Every one will enjoy

Large package, 15 cents,

 

 

PLANS FOR THE WEER'S TOURNAMENT
AT THE CUMMAQUID CLUB.

A Programme That Bristles With Novel Feat-
ures —Entries Will Close To-morrow for
the Women’s Championship—Busy Season
Ahead for Amateurand Professional Players
Cape Cod has been captured by the “Royal
and Anciest” from end to end, The loungers
along shore no longer talk of the sea and its
marvels, but only of golf and its mysteries.
There are excellent links along the sandy
beaches, but should the union now being urged
among the Boston clubs become an assured
fact there will soon be a course laid out there
to eclipse all the rest. The plan ts for the clubs
to join forces so as to lay out a summer course
to be used in common by all their members
over a stretch of turf on the seashore that is
sald to be equal in ite natural advantages to
any of the noted golf links of Scotland, But,
to come back to the golfing of the present,
this will be a lively week down Cape Cod way,
for a grand tournament, open to all amateurs,
is to be held on the links of the Curomaquid
Golf Club at Yarmouthport. The prizes are
the Cape Cod, Consolation and Blasted Hopes
cups, Scoteh foursome cups, an array of second
prizes, and gold, silverand bronze medal for
the lowest scores, The entries close to-night
with C. B. Cory at Yarmouthport. Play be-
gins to-morrow and continues unt!) Saturday
afternoon. The programme bristles with novel
features,

To-morrow morning there will be 4 qualify-
ing round of eighteen holes, the players to
aelect their own partners and to start when
please before 10:30 o'clock, There will

be thirty-two scores to qualify, the first elaht
veing placed, the rest drawn by jot for match
play. In placing the lowest eight the acheme
devised by William Waller of Onwentsia will
have its firet test in the Fast. The lowest
scorer will be paired with the thirty-second
the next with the thirty-first man, and

they

man, . !
so on until the four pare are made up. The
will keap on at 1%hole ateh

thirty-two ;
lay in the afternoon for the Cape Coc cup,
he final, at thirty-six holes, being playe
on Friday,

Wednesday morning will introduce another
novelty, the sixteen losers in the first cham-
fonahip round starting off at match play for
he Consolation cup, in the afternoon there
will be still another novelty, match play be-
ginning between the losers in the Cape Cc
cup and the Consolation cup rounds for the
Blasted Hones cup, Match play and a best-
ball foursome will be the card on Thureday
The cup flouls will engage the players on Fri-
day while Saturday's programme will end the
week with more original competitions. Ove
will be a progressive mixed foursomes, two
holes to qualify, at medal play, the best eight
scores to compete at match play, Then, at 10
o'clock, thera will be a 9-hole medal play
foursome competition, winners of each hole to
go on, losers to pair with the next couple. The
pair wetting the ninth hole firat will win the
prizes. To end the fournament there will be
driving, approaching and putting competitions
on Saturday afternoon,

 

The entries for the fifth annual woman's
champlonship of the U.8.@. A., to begin at the
Bhinnecock Hille Golf Club on Aug. 28, will
clowe to-morrow with R. Page Kerr, secretary
of the Executive Committee, 26 Broad street.
About fort: -five advance entries have been
received, The fleld will include Miss gute
l'nderhill, the title-holder: Miss Beatrix Hoyt,
the former champicn: Miss ©. 8, Brown. winner
of the informal championship of 1895; Miss
Genevieve Hecker, the M. G. A. woman cham-
ion, and Mrs. Caleb F. Fox, who defeated Miss
lovt and Miss Sands last rear, and who was
the rminner-up to Miss Underhill, Mrs, E. A
Manice. who was disqualified last year through
a technicality after she had won her way to the
firat sixteen, is expected to try again, and Miss
Nina Sargent, who did so well at Cannes last

winter, mav also play. The Morris County
Golf Club will have an unusually atrong repre-
sentation this year Mrs. W. Fellowes Morgan
will play for RBaltusrol. Mise Marion Oliver
a bronze roedallist last vear,will tre again, and
Mias Luev Herron, Miss Rowland, Miss Pauline
Mackey and Mrs. A. De Witt Coclirane will
also be on the list

With September a period of the liveliest

dort of golfing will begin and will continue
daily wntil December unless an unusually
early winter puts A sudden stop to the aport.
The professional end of the fu will be afforded
by Vardon and Taylor with the open chaimn-
pionship on Oct. 4 and 6, while there will be
open competitions for women at Baltusrol
and Ardsley, the final series of matches in the
women's interclub league, and a steady suc-
ceasion of open tournaments for the men, be-
ginning with Ampersand Turedo and nents
avd winding up with Lakewood and Atlantic
City. Tuxedo will begin Sept. 4 and lenox
on Sept. 10, to last out the week

 

The Ampersand Golf Club open tournament
will be the club's third annual one. The course
is of nine hole@, pieasuring 2,500 yards and in
very flue econdite: Last year Walter J. Travia
won the first cup from a_fleld that included
Percy Pyne, second, Alfred 1. Norris, W. Y
Marsh, J. B. Tailer, C. T. Beckwith, W. R
Thurston and C. 5. Ransom. The tournament
begins on Sept. 1, with an t8-bole score
round, the firat sixteen keeping on for the
Ampersand and the second sixteen for the
Consolation cup. The final for each cup will
be at thirty-six holes. The last day of the
tourney. Sept, 5, will be marked by en 16-
hole handicap for the Aleonquin cup.

 

Tenox this yeur will have the best tourna-
ment in its history, for the best amateurs here-
abouts have promise! to go on for the week
of goif amii the Berkshires. It ia expectat
that Walter J. Travis will make his first visit
to the course, an! as Fin lay S. Douglas has
also been invite: the two will receive a chance
to renew the battle of the amateur chaimpion-
abip final A particularly strong Celegation
of the college players is expeocte to be on hand
The original Lenox cup for the first sixteen
was won by Arthur Venn in 1897 Since
then the new cup, one of the handsomest golt-
ing wogiies ever offerei, has been won by
Percy Houghton of, Harvard, and last year
by Chester Qriawoli, Jr. of Princeton: It
will become the permanent property of the
player who wins it three times.

    

 

BetTaceneh, N. H., Aug. 1@—Harry Vardon
gave his second exhibition yesterday at Maple-
wood, plaving against the best ball of the Find-
lay brothers, elahteen holes in the morning
and eighteen in the afternoon, and being de-
feated by two holea. In the morning Vardon

had his opponents 2 down, having made
a record of 36 for the first nine hol The
features were Vardon's long drives, his

remarkable p after a drive on to the green
at the ninth hole, and Alex Fiodlay's accuracy

The cards:

Vardon § 443465 6 2-35
Pest Hall 33864645 6 3-39
Vardon 483365 & 5 G6 4-87-72
Best Ball 435 4464 4 6 3-37-76

Ju the afternoon Vardon fell down on a num-
ber of shots, while David Findlay took a brace,

doing some marvellous brassey work Ale
Findlay played a steady game, with several
brilliant approach shots, Varden, morning
and afternoon, distinguished himself by his
coolness aid his brilliancy in extricating him-
self when in bad lies, Theafternoon scores:

Vardon 394345 466 5 é—a7

He-t Ball 444646468 66 8-87

Varcon 455 5 6 46 G &-41—78—-1580
Hest Ball 444656 43 5 & 8+87--74~—150

BA tournament somewhat out of the common

1s announced by the Fenwick Golf Club of
Hartford for Bept. 6,7 and & It is open only
to lewal residents of Connecticut who are meme
ber« of e'nthea in that State The qualitving

round will he at elgliteen holes, the fest sixteen
keeping on for the Fenwick cup and the

    

GOLFING AT CAPE COD.

|

See

aeoond
final rounds w

th

of
to

co
ar
ri

oo
ru
wi

wil

G

Friday,

Gioap for the Cottager cup.

be the meeting at Chloago to~ "

men each, members of the a

: e annual

fo’ ak thirercals hole
yo att x

there will be " beholen
he
be

eaten,

Bs

e last day

the Hartford Yacht Club wi

all who play in the tournament.

A happening of consequence in the Weet wil

y of thes

mmittee of the Western Gol Assos t
y

     

range the play for the cup putu
old, to be competed for by two teams o
lation.

he Unis, a

iiss

the W:
continue

mmittee will decide upon t
ee and the manner in wh
\l qualify for places on the team,
| cost from $300 to $500.

--

en tournament
gin to-day an
There will be_three

f Club_will

play, the Wauinbek, Jefferson and Cen
oups, and the usual qualifying round prises.

Capm Mar, Aug. 10.--The regular han

to

golf links yester

b
C

11
be

Bennett, 05, 6—69; W

faswick, 04, 5—80; A. B, Miller, 93, 4—8¢; B L
elson, 04, 6-49; John ! ¥ is t
Millers'108, 9—06; Harty Hauke Noo. 7598: :
drew —F. F. Cooke, George Hayes and W. H.

gate 46, 0-45; F.

 

e Ca
\y resulted as toliows: .

CLASS A.
Hi. Hf. Clark, 62, 4—78; B. Thorpe, 60, 10—TH,

urnament at eighteen holes on

ton Lucas, 60, 0—80; J. 1. Rogera, Jr., 40, 9

Calahan, 3d, 88, 7—81; A, Willi 86, 6—8):
H. Calvert, 86, 2—84; lan Wilson, Ban O 8b: P
_ Ph. Briggs, 62, 6—96; Eilote

gers, 87, O—87; William Welsh, 02, 6--87; J. F
10a8, 07, 10—87: F. 8. Sartolr, 60, sa: -
nsac, 04, 6-88; H. N. Taylor, 04, ionab: A
M. Allen, 95, 6—80;

 

111, 0102; h-

CLASS B.
Channing Way, 87, 15—72; M_¥V
76; G. B. Dallas, &o, 12—77; W. © olan @ i he

J. W. Lucas, 038, 16—77; J

T.

Ww.

N.

\ ohn Calvert, 93, :
V. Smith, 92, 11-81; 6. H. Bannard’ 10%, booee:
S. Colson, 07, 18-44; Dr. C. H. Reed, 00, 18-84.
Pratt, 104, 20—84; R.N. Willlama, 07, 11—86; EB

’, Rutschman, 1085, 14—87; G. W. :
Bam Dlspham, 106, 16-00; 9. ©; Caron tin ihe:
9e: 0. 4 Coleman, 116, 3. —99, Withden $8

@, © wedi PV ‘
and G. Suddards, van oS

 

on OLASS ©.

@ Jackson, 108, 88—40; J. 20

66. Wilhdrew—F. Favat ana “Ay rt Yous*
CHICAGO, Aug, 10.~-D. R. Forgan, the Western

amateur golf champion, won the Onwentaia

cup in the last day's

day of the fifth annual

open tournament of the Onwentsia (| -
terday by reryrning the lowes score ef” ifs
for the thirty-six holes. This is the

second Pipe
e

that Mr. Forgan has won the trophy and

Ww
cu

Vious to 1896
six holes in 178 strokes,

of

the driving competition wi
yards and one inch. —s

Bar Hanson, Avg. 19.—The reeular

to

tie between
Cushman, The soores were;

€
65
0.
85
90

Dr
L.

104; A. G. Hod 101; D.C ;
Cutter 4). Hodges, 101; D.C. Hammatt, 161;

. Gi
Mrs. Condon, 49; H, Thatcher bor

heeds only another victory to call it his own,

Iiam Waller won thesixth annual
p,open to players who havenot sevatocuare:
Mr. Waller negotiated thet hy.
ia , ,
the Merion Cricket Club of Philade phia, wen

carry of 183

 

urnament yesterday at Keleo

-L. Tappin of New Yor en

ly
ork and bre

‘In Tappin, 64; Dr. Cushman, 64;

:'C. Benth, 68: Te Conto 86: Le Gourtte, Be, J.

Alsop, 67; F. Ellis, 47: NB Burr, 87; G. Kane

:'T. G. Condon, 88; A. Robbins, 80; 8. 8. Robtane

1 A. Hinkle, 00; F. S. In€alls, 49;
se Hinkel, 02

Collins, 06; 3 M Wright, 07; Mi
F. Brigham, 101; R, G. Moses, 1 John Wilven,

 

100; W. Hammett, 111; Arthur

water, 113,

Club |
feated by the Fairfield Coynty Club by 16 ho

to

Douglas did his share by de
Cppapens by & up.
V

won 8 points, D. A Pullor 2

1,

H. F

 

GLEN Corn, Aug. 19.--On the Nassau Coun
inks yesterday the home team w. e-
§, In which former champton Fin 5
° eating his |

The other events vee
in which R, P. \e el
and H. M. Adams

In the mixed foursome Miss Maxwell and
Thayer won first honors. The re#ulta

6 Pratt cup handica

were:

fartin 0; T
*heips, 0; M. Graham, 0; 1

Gates, 0; H
Maxwell, 3;

2

hi,

Ww.

INTERCLUB MATCH

S. Douglas, &; J. 8S. Gitesple, 6; & Mm.
1). Hooper. 4; F. M. Freeman, 8; G. A
Leavitt, 0; Total, 1&
H. R, ‘Townsend, 0; H, P. Tatler, 1; C 0.

L. Pratt, ©: A. W. Rossiter, 0: Howard
S. P. Hopkins, 4; J. R. Maxwell, Jr.

PRATT CUP HANDICAP
R. P. Walden, 95, 1976; D. A. Fuller, 01, 18—70

M. Adams, #4, 12—42; W. BK. Cock ( 7
"). Henderson, 116, 25-91; A. G Dickinson, Jp.

Fairfield -F

 

 

Nassail

Total, 8,

118, 3682) 4. PF. Noyes, 118, 31 84: W. FP. Richarde
103, 17. $6, S. P. Hopkins, 08, 11-47; Charles Ad
ans, 96, 12-84; J. RH. Maxwell, Jr., 60, 6—#84.

MIXED FOU RSOMES,

Miss Maxwell and Mr. Whitney, 04, 602; Mg, and

Mrs. Charles Adama,
Adama, 116, 21

108, 15-05: Mr. and Mre. H,N
05; Miss A. B. Fddy and R. P. Wa!

 

den, 106, 0 —00; RK. Low and Miss Wurster, 126, 26—

100; R. T
eid Mr. and Mrs. W.©. Gates, 1
‘ddy and H. B

arcson and H, I

an

Gue~ Riner, Aue 19

Gi
ou
Sa

McGusty and Miss I {hel James, 120, 20-
1%, 13~-105; Misa M. 8
Bday a :" 106; Miss Tena Rich-

iayer, 115, 6—100; F. W. W '
d Miss C. S. Wurster, no card - a

 

The women of the
en Ridge Golf Club will havea contest for a
pou the club links on iuesday, On next
turday the regular club team will try conolu-

s.ons With the Madison golfers

oo

Club yesterday

NEWPORT, Allg. 19-—-There was a b yr
mpetition on the links of the Newport a ff
for two cups offered by the

club, they being won by F. P. Sands in Claas 4
and Barold Sands in Class B, both beating the
bowey mark of al. Their scores were lass
A--F. P. Sanda, 4 up: Class BH. Bands, 1 up
Others who played were Miss Louise Potter,
Miss Anna Sands, both tying bogey; Messrs
Victor Sorchan, R. I. Gammell, W. HH. Sands
lisvenard Stewart, A. Cass Canfield, A. M
Rutherfurd and Herbert Harriman

 

If vou lack appetite, try half a wine g'
Angostura Bitters before dinner f
genuine, imported from South America,
—_—_—_—————— ea

C

Conte, W

PENDLETON,-—At

Business HRotices.

AAA Ont

Lees of
r Siegert's the

 

wmIBYD

MITOCHELE,~On Avg 18, 1900, at bis residence

205 West 102d street, David Mitchell, aged 64
years.

Funeral services at Calvary Baptist Church, 87th

st, between 61h and 7th avs, Tuesday
Aug. 21, 1900, at2 P. M. Friends and relatives
areinvited Providence papers please copy.

lis residence, Franklin and
Pendleton avs., New Brighton, Staten Island, on
Saturday, Aug. 18, 1000, John Montgomery Pen
dieton, in the 66th year of his age

Funeral from bis late residence on Monday, Aug

20,1900, at11 A. M Boat leaves foot of White
hall st, Manhattan, at 10 A. M. Intermentat
Woodlawn.

SEYMNOUR,.-—On Avg. 18, 1800, Julla A, widow of

Jacob Oto Seymour, in her 67th year.

Funeral from the residence of her daughter, Mrs

James KF. Bathgate 264 Roseville av., Newark,
J..on Tuesday, Aug. 21,1900, at 10 A. M. Inter
mentat Greenville, N.J..at convenience of the fam
ily.

SMYTH.—Entered inwo rest at Atlantic City, N. J.

Aug. 18, 1000, Frederick Smyth.

Funeral servioes will be heid at 10 A. M. Tuesday

Aug, 23, 1000, from St. Gabriel's Church, Bast
37th st, where a solemn requiem mass will be said
for the repose of bis soul. Itis kindly requested
that no Bowers be sent

 

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY
Office, 1 Madison ay., corner 244 st.,N. ¥

New Publications,

OMPLETEArabian Night Malthus on mi
History of Marriage lists free, PRATHIG och 0

 

¢

Re

er a ead

was (0
w him
faster
is the
t wo
very
d abo
think
day is
fter t
bles, th
hill f

e wor

speed)
H whep
stopp
aa revi
lion
w York
owner,
race
rhia, h
pasanton

ce
2146, 2
a winning
wo
tina
Tord, 3
ra,
a Pein
pe whic
rk in Jt
rd heat
ts an
n geldir
ddity
7 he
for-all
fastes
wan a
r won
test tir

4 0 fo,
the er
n the fi

pney

in a rac
Miss

at year

yton, On

wionin,

d 2:14,

r,
hhat Odd
the 8p
y. Wh
pacers
will t
. q
terday
shing
an carri
was w
| came
© good bi
oO -was
tform
about ev
cer, A
t and
wn Osea

paking d
rk to M
the bri
rt. Leo
tfrom
ehim i
rt was
bret was
y started
cut ther
re near
ne abou
ok,
& short
loo grea
Mr. I
for her
ged to le
eed start
he regu
tehane
h Brid
t, but vi
ree Cole
ew tim
T into
8A for h
ons
rl J, 2:
will be
he New
» Pirung
did no
brushy
hot he
took pa
"
d form a
> have t
ers who
» John
dtance, 2
a GW
ard de
Ra bay
see You
con.”
© brown
onalri's
@ six-i
Ve to the
t to Be
she will
nin Ne