A ATS Se aa AO

0 ON I a ee

eng PMc ah waa ee

j
'
}
'
:

 

5 ee
mS
A AE. SE a a

 

SEAT RS:

 

err
-

 

 

MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900,

 

 

=

 

DAILY, per Month peuakavascubaees $0 50
DAILY, per Year... seeesoceoecssensec 600
SUNDAY, per Year gevenaceeseeseeG@buenee 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year..cssereeerers 0%

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per MontBh.... ss ‘

¢ to foreign countries added
— Tae Sun, New York City.

Panis—Kiosque No 12, neat Grand Hotel, and
Kicequs No. 10, Bowlevard des Capucines

Tf owr friends who favor us with manusertpts for
publécatton wtsh to have rejected articles returned, (hey
weet in atl cases vend stamps for that purpose

————————

 

 

 

 

The Man and the Pollar.

If the voter believes that “the man ts
greater than the dollar,” Mr. Brran’s oatch
phrase, or the reverse of it, that “the dollar
{s greater than the man,” he must vote for
MoKiniey and Roosevert.

If he thinks the man greater than the
dollar the following {neffaceable declaration
of the New York Democratio State Conven-
tion of June, 1806, must direct his vote:

“Until international cotperation for bimetallism
can be seoured, we favor the rigid maintenance of the
present gold standard as essential to the preservation
ef owr national credft, the redemption ot our pubdito
pledges and the keeping inviolate of our country’s
honor.”

There is no exaggeration in this state
ment. Free aliver, for which the Kansas
City platform declared speotfloally and
after a deliberation aroused by no other
idea, {a fraud. It would be a cheat in the
payment of the national debt. It would
deprive the United States of their honor
beyond restoration. Whoever holds his coun-
try’s good name dearer than his own pocket,
{n other words, that “the man is greater
than the dollar,” would this year have to
vote for the Republican party, the cham-
pion of the gold standard, even if industrial
calamity were the inevitable result

Suppose, though, that the dollar ts greater
than the man!

The Republican ticket 1s {dentified with
the prosperity which during the last three
years has made this country materially
great beyond all precedent McKINLEY
and Roosrve.t etand for the continua-
tion of the system and policy which have
led to this overflowing national wealth, and
MecKinier and Roosrvert, therefore, de-
mand imperatively the aupport of those
who believe that the dollar is greater than
the man

The Lincoln phrase maker had better try
another tople

 

Vermont and Maine,

The Hon. Greoror Freep WIntiaMs will
begin his stumping excursion in Vermont
to-night with a speech at Bellows Falls, He
will make the Democrats of other Green
Mountain towns happy on other nights of
the week, and next week he will strive to
fire the Pine Tree heart. The National
Democratic Committee has determined to
make as lively a canvass as {t can in Ver-
mont and Maine. If a good many Repub-
lean voters of those September States are
lazy enough to stay away from the polls, the
Democratic managers will point joyously
to the thinned Republican pluralities and
yell ‘Look at Vermont! Look at Maine!
Old Republican States repudiate the policy
of despotism! The Administration rebuked
by {ts friends! Our country rises for
Bryan; and 80 on

Grave Republican losses {n Vermont and
Maine might have an unfortunate or disas-
trous effect upon the Republican campaign
in some of the Western States and else-
where. Atany rate they would hearten the
Democrats and bear the stock market, But
the Republicans of Vermont and Maine
know what their duty to the country and to
the Republican party is and we are confi-
dent that they will do it

An Obligation Imposed by the Con-
atitution and by Justice,
Our very intelligent contemporary, the

Times of Richmond, loses the balance of
{ts reason when it says heatedly:

‘It would be heaping Infamy upon tnfamg for the
North to cut down the representation tn those South
ero States which bare shaken off the tneubus of
negro suffrage

So far from being “‘infamous,"’ the re-
duction fs made an imperative obligation by
the Constitution of the United States in
these words

“Representatives shall be apportioned among the
according t> their respective numbers,

ole number of persons in each State,
But when the right to

reversal State
counting the w
excluding Indians not taxed.

vote at any election for the choice of Electors for
President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congresa, the executive and

Judictal officers of a State, or the members of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male
members of such State, bene of 21 years of age
and clilizens of the United States, or In any way
abiidged cacept for participation fu rebellion or other
crime, the basis of representation therein shall be re
duced in the proportion which the number of such
male citizens shal! bear to the whole number of male
eitizens 2) years of age in such State"

The reduction of the representation

‘infamous " by the Richmond
paper, besides being a plain Constitutional
obligation, is essential to justice and the
preservation political equilibrium
If the disfranchisement of one class of
citizens in one body of States should not be
followed by the enforcement of this Con-
stitutional provision, the disfranchisement
of any other class and classes in any other
States would be encouraged until oursystem
of popular representative Government
would be reduced to a mere fiction

If the Constitution is disobeyed by the
refusal of Congress to make the commanded
reduction, injustice is done to every State
where there is no such disfranchisement,
for the relative weight of the remaining
votes is increased by the disfranchisement
The provision, too, extends to every State
and not to the South alone, aa also does the
further provision that the right to vote
shall not he denied or abridged on account
of jor or previous condition of
servitude. Both apply to the whole Union
and not merely to the Southern States

This is now a great country, with a great
and complicated civilization, aud the inter-
ests at stake in the policy of its govern-
ment have increased to an enormous mag-
nitude. Wholly apart from any mere
sectional prejudice or any purely partisan
feeling, therefore, the great majority of
the American people recognize that no one
part can be allowed to exercise an influence
in its government disproportionate to {ts

denounced as

°
oft

our

race, ¢

ratio of representation as fixed by the
Constitution without grave danger to the
whole, ‘The interests at stake are too

tremendous for the toleration of so unfair
a discrimination, whatever the part of the
Union that may profit by it. The Southern
eohemes for the reduction of the suffrage
are not reprobated because they are South-

|
|

 

 

|

|

 

|

‘

ern or because of Northern hostility to the
South, for there is none, but simply because
they are unfair in themselves in giving
to the body of Southern citizens retained
a power in the Government of all the Union
greater than that possessed by a like num-
ber in the rest of the States.

We shall not imitate the violence of our
Richmond contemporary and say that the
atternpt to gain an advantage over the rest
{s “infamous,” but we will say that {t is un-
fair and unconstitutional. If the South
reduces its electorate it must submit to a
proportionate reduction of ita power.

The Throngs in Tooley Street.

We have no wish to underrate the tre-
mendousness of the demonstration made
against imperialism at Indianapolis last
week. The testimony of figures is suf-
ficient.

The third-party Anti-Imperialist Con ven-
tion or Conference consisted, on the aver-
age, of nine members,

The Liberty Congress or Convention was
backed by the Bryan men, and its numbers
were impressive. According to the Jndian-
apolis Journal, ‘‘the entire crowd, dele-
gates, local Democrats and Innocent on-
lookers,"' did not exceed 200 on Wednesday
and may have contained 250 persons on
Thursday.

In the presence of this ocean of anti-{m-
pertalism, criticiam must stand abashed.
Even when proper deduction is made for
the worshippers of greatness who went to
see GamMalaeL Bravronp and ERviIna
WinsLow, and for the Indianapolis Demo-
crats who went to Tomlinson Hal! to make
sure that the Congress declared for Baran,
that body must have been ten times as
large as the third-party Anti-Imperialist
Convention; and yet the latter was large
enough for a baseball ug without sub-
stitutes.

If Liberty {s dependent upon the Liberty
Congress, Liberty ought to bea proud and
happy goddess.

The Naval War Code,

International law develops gradually,
almost always under the influence of neutral
nations. The contributions of Great Britain
to the law of nations are little, because
the development of that law has been op-
posed to her interesta. A maritime nation,
she has always preferred to be free in deal-
ing with other countries on the sea, un-
hampered by rules. She has never been
a neutral nation except when she was
obliged to be. On the other hand, the aid
given by Americans in developing inter-
national law {s very great, because by
tradition and position we are neutral in
almost any war.

Yet great and constructive work in devel-
oping the law of nations has been done in
war time. Hvao Grotivs, the “father
of international law,” issued his first work
on the subject in the middle of the Thirty
Years’ War; and, in our own time, Dr.
l1kBER, in the middle of and because of
our Civil War, prepared at the instance
of the Government his famous “ Instruo-
tions for the Government of the Armies
of the United States in the Field,” !ssued to
the army as General Orders No. 100, 1843.

These instructions were {issued without
change to the army during the war with
Spain; but before that they had affected
the decision of the Geneva Convention of
1844; and after that war, served largely
to affect the decision of the Hague Peace
Conference of 1899. Dr. Tirpen's code
for war on land was the first of {ta kind
ever made, and indirectly, when not directly,
has affected the war laws of all civilized na-
tions, so far as land-wars are concerned.

Hitherto there has been no code of law
to govern war on the sea. The Treaty of
Paris of 1856, which has never been accepted
by the United States, and the third con-
vention of the Hague Conference of 1899.
laid down certain general rules as to the
manner in which sea wars should be made;
but there has been no code of rules govern-
ing war at sea resembling that drawn up
by Dr. Lirstr. The need of such a code
was felt by our Navy Department, and
some months ago one of the principal stu-
dents of international Jaw in the navy-
and all naval officers are and have to be
more or less expert on the subject —was
directed to draw up a code which should
he for the United States Navy what LIenEr s
code is for the Army

This code has been prepared by Capt
Srockton, President of the Naval War
College, after consultation with the State
Department and various private persons,
among them the professors of international
law at Harvard, Yale, Columbia and other
colleges, and has just been issued as General
Order 551 to the United Statea Navy. Its
issuance will be an event in the history of
international law, and {ft seems entirely
possible that its effect will be like that of
Dr. Lirsper's land code, and its influence
hardly less powerful than that of the earlier
work. Capt. STocKTON’'s qualifications for
the work assigned to him by the Depart-
ment are long study of international law,
the teaching of the subject for some years
at the War College of which he is now Pres-
ident, and the editing of the official naval
hook on the law of nations, a work which
fell to him on the death of Dr. Snow of
Harvard, who had been lecturer on the
subject at the War College

“The Laws and Usages of War at Sea” {is
the official title of the code, Though we have
never signed the Treaty of Paris, vet we fol-
lowed its rules during the Spanish war, in re-
gard to privateers, letters of marque and the
capture and destruction of private propert y
at sea; for this reason, articles respecting
these subjects are included in the new code.
Subjects covered by the Hague conventions
are omitted, however, because the United
States are a party to those conventions
The general effect of the code is to place us
in the position of signatories to the Treaty
of Paris.

The code covers the subjects of hostili-
ties; belligerents; belligerent and neutral
vessels; hospital ships and the shipwrecked,
sick and wounded; the right of search;

contraband of war; blockade; sending in
of prizes; and armistice, truce, and
violations of the laws of war. Much of

the matter is based on conventionk, but a
sreat deal of it is new and binding only on
our own navy. The code is very much
shorter than LIEBER's, but a clause to
which we shall refer later places thé navy
specifically under the Lieber code, so far
as it relates to war at sea; and thus permits
the naval code to be more concise.

The code prohibits specifically the bom-
bardment of unfortified towns, except
when such bombardment is incidenta!
to the destruction of naval or military
establishinents of the enemy; it lays down
rules in regard to submarine cables, which
by the Paris Convention of 1884 were left
to the discretion of belligerents: it formally
declares that free ships make free goods,
and incorporates the very liberal allow-
ances forrvessels of the enemy at the out-

break of war made by the President when
the war with Spain began and published
in General Order 492 of the Navy Depart-
ment. It makes large exemptions from
capture for mail steamers, and goes at some
length into the matter of hospital ships
and resoulng vessels.

Thus it permite hospital ships of bellig-
erents and of neutrals also, the latter being
subject to the same rules as those of the
belligerents. Military hospital ships are
to be painted white, with a green band,
as our Solace and Rellef were during the
Spanish war; private hospital ships, like
Lady Raxnpotpn Cuurceiit's Maine, are
to be white, with a band of red. Bellig-
erenta have the right to oontrol private
hospital ships, to decline their codperation,

| require them to withdraw, and, if necessary,

sss sss sss SSS Een

(rer errr er SSS SS SSS SSS Seas SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS

detain them. These rules were proved
neceasary by the threatened outbreak
of partisan philanthropy at the beginning
of the South African war, when it seemed
possible that subjects of neutral nations
having different opinions on the war might
send hospital ships to both aides, operating
only for the wounded of the side favored
by the senders of each ship.

Article 25 of Capt. Stockton’s code
reads; * Merchant vessels, yachts or neutral
vessels that happen to be In the vicinity
of active maritime hostilities, may gather
up the wounded, sick or shipwrecked of
the belligerenta, Any attempt to carry
off such wounded, sick or shipwrecked
without permission {s a violation of neu-
trality.” This provision is inserted because
of the notorious case of the yacht Deer-
hound, which after the surrender of the
Alabame to the Kearsarge took Capt.
Semmes and others from the water and
carried them to England, instead of deliv-
ering them as legitimate prisoners of war
to their legal captors.

A rule perhaps suggested directly by the
successful plan followed by the United States
in 1898, though that was indicated in the
capitulation of Borncoynr to Gatss in 1777,
is Article 28, which declares the sick and
wounded captured to be prisoners of war,
who may be sent to the captor’s port, toa
neutral port, or even to an enemy port.
“In the las® case, the prisoners thus re-
turned to their country cannot serve again
during the period of the war.”

Contraband of War ia dealt with in Seo-
tion VI., and in Article 36, Capt. Stock Ton
makes what {s the first attempt to define
specifically what articles are contraband.
This is his Hat, printed in full on account
of ita importance:

* Absolutely Contraband—Ordnanee: machine guns
and their appliances and the parts thereof; armor
plate and whatever pertains to the offensive and
defensive armament of naval vessels; arms and tn-
struments of tron, ateel, brass or copper or of any
other material, such arms and instruments being
espectally adapted for use in war by land or sea; tor-
pedoes and thetr appurtenances; cases for mines, of
whatever material; engineering and transport ma-
terlals, such as gun carriages, calssons cartridge
boxes, campaigning forges, canteens, pontoons;
ordmance stores; portable range finders; signal flags
destined for naval use; ammunition and explosives
of all kinds and thetr component parts; machinery
for the manufacture of arms and munitions of war;
saltpetre; military accoutrements and equipments of
all sorts; horses and mules

“Conditionally Contraband—Coal, when destined
fora naval station, a port of call, or a ship or ships of
the enemy; materials for the construction of railways
or telegraphs; and money, when auch materials or
money are destined for the enemy's forces; provisions:
when actually destined for the enemy's military or
naval forces." -

This list 1s very complete, and is {mpor-
tant both for what it admits and what it
leaves out. It ts likely to cause some dis-
cussion, and if the Naval Code should be
proposed by this Government as an {nterna-
tional projet, this article may be one of the
cruxes of the discussion that will follow.

An important rule is Article 54, which
specifically declares that the regulations
respecting the laws of war on land tn force
in the army, when not in conflict with the
naval code, are to govern the navy. This
rule covers the Lieber code, and probably
the Hague Convention, with which, {rf time,
our own code will be amalgamated for our
governance; and is new in the navy,

Certain rules of the code may appear to
restrict our actions unduly, to be more
altruistic than rulea of war should be; but
it must be remembered that if a belligerent
declines to treat us as we treat him, we
ean suspend such rules forthwith,
code as,a whole is a long step toward the
general amelioration of the hardships of
naval war, and is an excellent example
for other maritime nations to follow, The
treatment given to LIEBER’s War Code
by foreign countries and some recent
developments of international law sug-
gest that Capt. Stockton’s code wil? be
accepted and adopted in much the same
way as the earlier work.

Baltimore Misrepresented.

Baltimore is a city of great commercial
and financial importance, and a town
notable for its natural and artificial beauty.
It is distinguished for the intelligent enter-
prise of its merchants and the conservatism
of its views touching such questions as
those raised by Bryan and the Populized
Democracy under his domination,

In 1896, accordingly, Baltimore gave to
President McKINLEY a majority of more
than twenty-one thousand over Bryan,
though four years before it had been car-
ried for Mr. CLEVELAND by a majority of

over fifteen thousand. And why? It was
because the enlightenment of Baltimore
feared and distrusted Bryanism. That

great and conservative and usually self-
contained community trembled for the
security of its business and the continuance
of its prosperity because of the Bryanite
1f-to-1 scheme, There, as in New York
also, men were pale with anxiety as the
day of election approached. They fore-
saw that the election of BRYAN would mean
panic and disaster

Now when Bryan is again the candidate
of the Populized Democracy upon a plat-
form which repeats specifically the menace
of 16 to 1 we are surprised, therefore, to see
80 reapectable a paper as the Baltimore Sun
daring to denounce the unanimous Judg-
ment and conviction of business men and
financiers that his election would prove dis-
astrous to business as a mere trick of Re-
publican politicians to frighten people into
voting for MCKINLEY

Let our Baltimore contemporary go about
among the bankers and leading merchants
of that town and find out exactly how they
think about the matter. Let it ask them
what in their opinion would be the con-
sequences to trade of the election of BRYAN.
So far as we have heard from distinguished
representatives of Baltimore's business in-
terests their opinion is the same as that of
New York.

Here in New York there ts no difference
of feeling among such men as to the In-
evitable disaster which would follow
Bryan's election, no matter what may have
been their partisan affiliations. This sen-
timent is not produced in them by any politi-
eal prejudice; oftentimes it is reluctantly
formed directly in the face of political

Aor fe Res
THE SUN,

<n
Ee a...

} own countrymen for their

The |

ES

a

' AVetd atte

i , AY
MONDA
prejudice, for they have been Demo-
crate and will return to that party if the
defeat of Bryan in November purges
it of Bryaniam, They do not need to
have politicians tell them that business
disaster would follow the election of Brran,
for they foresee it for themselves, They
are not men to be frightened by a political
soarecrow. They have a judgment of
their own.

Practically the whole business com-
munity of New York is for MoKiniwy and
the same reason that influences it, we infer,
affecta the business community of Balti-
more and that throughout the Union. It
knows that the danger from Bryan and
Bryaniam {s real and great.

The census was taken in this city smoothly
and satisfactorily. The people codperated with
the enumerators. The sohedule of inquiries
having been framed with common sense, the
ordinary friction attending the process was at
the minimum, and there was no such indignant
resistance of unjustifiable {inquisition {nto pri-
vate affairs as was encountered ten years ago.
The result is generally acaepted as accurate.
There is no question of the thoroughness and
honesty of the work.

So faras this great borough {is concerned, It
should be understood that the successful oom-
pletion of the twelfth Federal enumeration ts
duein great part to the Intelligent, energetio
and conscientious administration of Supervisor
WILavn. He organized and conducted the
tremendous count {n a manner that deserves
public recognition,

Cae enn EEE Ne aE EEnENeRennnat

THE CHINSSB SITUATION.

    

 

 

Despatches to the Navy Department at Wash-
ington from Admiral Remey, and to the British
Admiralty in London from Admiral Bruce,
dated yesterday at Chefoo, indicate @ state
of things in Pekin less favorable than might
have been antictpated from the earlier news,
According to the Japanese information on whioh
the despatches are based, street fighting has
been going on in the capital since Wednesday,
part of the city was on fire, and the Impertal,
or inner, city, where the Chinese were making
a last stand, was being bombarded by the allies.
Admiral Remey's report further states that the
entry of the allies into Pekin was on Tuesday.
In contradiction to all the previous reports of
the movements of the court, the Empress is
said to be still in Pekin, having been detained
there by Gen. Yung Lu, Accepting these
statements as authentic, it 1s quite evident
that incidents occurred after the entry of the
allies into the city that led to the opening of a
general attack by them on the Chinese, or that
there was no intention from the beginning
to confine the efforte of the allied forces to the
relief of the Envoys only. It is now five full
days since the allies entered Pekin, and the
distance from Taku to Chefoo ts only
194 miles; so that under ordinary circum-
stances fuller details than we have yet
had should have been received before
this from the scene of fighting, unless
there {s so much confusion tn getting men
and material to the front that the transmission
of news is being neglected or impeded, It is
fortunate for the allies that none of the Chinese
military leaders appears to have any enterprise,
as their communications with Tientsin offer
a tempting opening for a bold stroke.

Should the allies succeed in securing
the person of the Empress with her council,
a Jong step will be made toward a satisfactory
solution of the troubles. The situation, how-
ever, 1s eminently critical unless there is a
party in Pekin ready to meet the allies and
surrender the leaders of the reactionary party,
including the Empress, at the last moment.
The capture of those responsible for the anti-
foreign outbreak now would greatly facilitate
a pacific settlement.

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The last proclamation issued by Lord Roberts
at Pretoria, in which he refuses to accept the
surrender of burghers {n the future except as
prisoners of war, is not calculated to bring the
war {n the Transvaal to an early close. Now
that they know that deportation is the alter
native to remaining in the fleld and have heard
of the condition of those already made pris-
oners, burghers still in arma will
be driven to continue the struggle to the end
The proclamation by Lord Roberts
after his entry into Bloemfontein was accepted
by the Free State burghers, and on
the faith of it numbera surrendered, but
only to find that under the regulations
made by Gen Kitchener and others
of Lord Roberts's subordinates their condl-
tion was made insupportable. Left without
protection from the natives, harried by thel
disloyalty to the
State, and made responsible by the British
for damage to the railways by raids with which
they had nothing to do, or for allowing pro-
visions and transport to be takan by the raiders,
& great number of the submitted burghers
have been completely beggared by fines, con-
fiscation of their cattle and property and the
burning of their homesteads by the British
In addition to the official acts, there have been
others committed by British and Colonial
military, the details of which are coming slowly
tolight, such as, when similar ones were recorded
of Turks in Bulgaria and Armenia, were repro-
bated by the civilized world. All the public
news now coming from South Afrioa being from
purely British sourees, no reference is made to
thesa matters, but their truth is attested by
unimpeachable evidence. The summing up
of the situation appears to be that a desert is
being created in the South African republics
to prepare them for the plantations of volun-
teera and reservists with which the British
Government proposes repeopling those terri-
tories.

those

issued

A. Austin Wresties With the Crown of Thorns.

From the London Datly News

The Poet Laureate has drawn up the following ad-
dress, on behalf of the Dante Soclety, for presentation
to Queen Margherita:

“MADAM: In these first days of your angulsh and
bereavement we should hesitate to approach your
Majesty, even with the expression of our sympathy,
were it not that the soctety, of which the under
signed are members, bears a designation that ts
almost synonymous with the name of Italy Itself
But, associated as we are by the hallowed name
of Dante with the land so deeply loved and so
devotedly served by the filustrious sovereign of
whose cherished companionship you have been reft
by the hand of an execrable assassin, we tender
to your Majesty the expression of our poignant
grief and profound condolence, It we may venture to
blend with It some falot suggestion of comfort, we
would respectfully invite you to dwell on the consoi
Ing reflection that the manly courage and never-fall-
ing devotion to duly of King Humbert will forever be
remembered by the lItallan people, as they nave al-
ready secured for his memory the regret ana rever
ence of the whole world. To the imagination of the
simple, the diadem of kings ts a crown of gold. A
more Just appreciation of royal responsibillty made
ancient Lombardy conceive it as an tron crown,

and, be ft reverently said, it would be no
exaggeration of fancy to regard it as, in
these days, a crown of thoras As such

King Numbert humbly but unflinching!ly accepted
it, and, In his tragic death as tn his truly kingly life,
gave convincing and continuous proof of that ‘virtie
courage and that moral worth which alone can pre
serve and perpetuate hearty attachment to monarch
feal institutions among free and independent com
munities, We would only ask your Majesty to permit
us to add that, as Englishmen and members of the
British Empire, we cherish a peculiar affection for
Italy and the Italian people, and that their sorrow
and yours are, in this melancholy hour, sincerely
shared by ourselves, as by al: our fellow country.
men,

 

Another Good Reason,
From the Chicago Tribune,

woe call your parrot ‘Money,” I see. Money
talks.""
“Notatall Don't tell any one, but Leall him that

because nobody aboutthe house can make him fly as
well as my wife can.”

Taking No Chances.

From the Chicago Tribune.

“What are you taking of your erllulotd collar for?’
asked the street car conductor, after the day's run was
over.

Bod a romponged the motorman, in a none-of-
your business kind of tone, “I'm going to call on
ted headed girl" — =

 

, AUGUST 20,

SSS SSS

nS teh Aden et ee

pr
1900.

POLITICS

A Candid Unprofessional Survey of the Sitaa-
tion in Dutchess.

To tan Epiton or Tar 8cx—Sir:
campaign in this part of the State is as yet
barely ina normal condition, It seems like
what is termed an ‘‘off year'’ and still there are
unmistakable signs that show which way the
tide isrunning. Toone who has the time and
inclination to devote to finding out how the
thinking portion of the electorate are to cast
their ballots many facts may be elicited which
show the trend of events to come.

Sinoe 1803 there has been in southern Dutchess
a large number of old-line Democrats who have
not voted that ticket. These men were and ere
conservatives, and beginning with the year
above named have either voted the Republican
tloket at the State elections or else kept from
the polls. Leaving the year 1896 out of the
reokoning for the present, it has been found
that at each State election for the past seven
years the Republican ticket has veen running
ahead in this section. Canvasses were made
each year just before election by both parties.
When the votes were counted it has been found
that the canvasses were greatly at fault. The
Republican ticket would lead beyond the olaim
by their canvass, and there would be a ebrink-
age of the Democratic strength that has greatly
puzzled their local leaders.

Take the Roosevelt-Van Wyck campaign of

1898 asanexample. On election day the bemo-
cratic managers inthis section had great difml-
culty in cetting their vote out and only partially
succeeded in their attempts. Some of their
dyed-in-the-wool followers, good, reliable, un-
purchasable voters, refused to go to the polls.
After the resulis were known the poll lista were
gone over by the Democratio manngers to as-
certain how there could have been sucha slump
in their vote as cast, notwithstanding the stay-
aways. The vote as returned was away below
what their yoting list called for and they could
with diMculty figure {tout. They came to the
conclusion that there had been a great deal of
independent balloting done. The managers
came to a correct solution. The men who pas
their cross-mark under the Republican emblem
kept wir quiet about what they intended to do,
and to this day some of them have kept the
secret
Sufficient concerning thease persons was as-
certained by the Democratio managers to fill
thern with dismay. It was learned that several!
of their best men had gone back on the whole
ticket. As 1898 was the only year in which the
Democrats hereabouts had made any complete
Canvass and organization since 1892 they were
emaged that their vote as cast showed up so
ama
Now 1900 {s upon them, and In their prelimt-
nary work they find many upon whom they
counted non-committal. Truettis that many
of the men from their party hereabouts who
voted for McKinley in 1896 will this year vote
for Bryan, yet they cannot have them all, and
this fills thelr hearts with b tterness
Agalp, there are voters who cast a ballot for
Bryan in 1896 who will not doso this year. One
such I know. He 1s a careful conscientious
man, and four years since voted for Bryan be-
cause he pr-ferred him. He tells me he shall
vote for McKinley this year because we
have troubles in the Philippfnes and China; and
under the circumstances he considers it unwise
to havea change of Administration. T gave him
my word I would not mention bis name and
have not done so,
That there are man

  

UP THE RIVER.

 

The

I men of his party that
think ashe does and will vow as he will vote
therecan be no doubt. The voters who have
been estranged from the Democratic party since
1893 {n this section are atill with the Republicans
and will vote McKinley ballots. The ‘“xold”’
Democrats will not all return to Bryan, and ex-
cellent results may be confidently expected
from southern Dutchess on Nov. 6
Feeling assured thatthe prospect brightens
continually, and nota littleowing to THE Sun's
influence, I am, truly yours, rvs Ws
FisaKiti, N.Y, Aug. 18.

The Price of a Panto,

To tas Epiton oF Tags Scn-Sir: Our
neighbor, Mr. F. M. Shepard, gives utterance
to this atrocious sentiment;

If a panic be necessaty to preserve our ideal of
democratic self-government I should say {t was a
smal! price to pay.

One may speak thus complacently if he feels
that the panto will hit the other fellows and
graciously miss him.

But who does not know that the nolsy and
evident effect of a panio tn financial centres {s
but the smallest decimal fraction of the price
and penalty paid by the whole people? The
suffering of women and children, the agonies of
unemployed workmen, feeling their responsi-
bility to those dependent on them, yet power-
less (o succor them; the loas of self-respect, the
destruction of ‘the dignity of the individual
man''--all these things and many more are
included in the sum total of the price of a panic.

How can any sane or heartsome man con-
template such a possibility, and excuse {ft on
the ground of ita being necessary ‘'to preserve
our ideal of dernocratic self-government?"

No such sacrifice 1s ever necessary for such
preservation. The people canand do guard and
preserve thelr ideal of self-government: and
they are not going to strike the ground from
uuder their feet, withdraw protection from
their shops and homes to pleasea little coterie
of impractical free traders who got their last
innings when they succeeded in placing their
idol of unburned clay in the White House in
iss. GeorGe W. DitHeipaE,

New YGoR, Aug. 19.

The Philippines as a Base.

From an Artice in Lesiie's Monthly by Major H.
A. Greene, Secretary of Gen. Otis.

If the Philippine Islands have, even at thisearly
dav of thelr occupancy by the United States, proved
their value as a base, does it not follow that their
probable value in the future will be much greater?
After this problem now existing in China has been
solved, and should the entity of China remain as at
present, we of the United States want our fair share of
her trade; we wish to be In a positionto furnish protce-
ton tolivesand capital of our citizens engaged therein,
with the same factiity as other interested nations, and
we can surely do so quite readily from our {sland
possessions. While we are developing the Phillppine
Islands with a view to a higher order of ctvilization,
the improvement of the physical and mental condition
of thetrinhabitants as well as the mutual financial
benefitof them and ourselves, we should not fall to
im prove the natural advantages of this Eastern strong
hold of ours with a view to its military utilization tn
times when the normal conditions of peace are dis
turbed and we are forced to face in war any of the na
tions who have territory In the Ortent,
Practically all of the stronger Powers have foot
holds there, and now we, at last, have an equal ad
vantage inthistegard, Letus hope that after these
present lowering war clouds have been dispelled and
peace has dawned again, the day may be far distant
when these islands of ours will have to be used for
any purpose other than as a base from which shall be
carried over the far Fast the biessings of our ad-
vanced civilization.

England Depleted of Soldiers.

From the London Court Journal

Not for nearly eighty years has there been such a
small line force in the United Kingdom as at present
There are now at home only four cavalry regiments —
the First Dragoon Guards, Second Dragoon Guards,
Seventh Hussars, and the Twenty first Lancers, ex
clusive of the Household Cavalry and its present
strength of about efg@ht bundred men; and eleven bat
talions of infantry, On paper there ts a fairly strong
force of artillery, but as many of the batteries athome
are recently formed, three dating only from last Sat
urday, we are not so well off in this as numericaliy we
appear. The British garrison in India is also lower
than ft has been for many years. The normal white
garrison of India was fixed ata certain strength by
politicians of both sides, but It is now some ten or
twelve thousand below what has always been consid
ered a safe margin. Owing to the necessities of South
Africa, there \s at present less British cavalry in India
than has been known since the time of the East India
Company, only five regiments being now {tn India,
and the artillery is also very much below the hitherto
accepted standard.

 

Mr. Wampke Wuompkes.

TO THE EDITOR Or THR SUN—Sir: I beg leave

to inform you that Wumpke Wumpkes Is the name of

a bighly esteemed citizen of Grundy county in this
State. Can you heat It? QA. W.

DrFs MOINES, Ia., Aug. 17.

 

For Instance.
From the Indianapolis Press.
Tommy~ Say, paw.
Mr. Fige Well?
“What kind of a man ts called a ‘trimmer™ "'
“Er-Well, he's one of those fellows that hasn't
the nerve to be a shirt walst man, but goes around

lugging his coat on his arm.’ '

 

Impossible.

From the Indianapolis Press.

The Prosecutor—By the way, weren't you once
rested {or horse stealing in Arizona’ : 4
The Witness — Per horse stealin'?

.
etl! a-livin’, ain't 1? mana? os

  

ALI-THE-YEAR* ROUND UNIFORMS.

 

A Protest Against the Abolition of the Dress
Uniform as It Is at Present.

To tus Eprron or Tas SuN—Sir; A
number of strange statements are printed in
support of the proposal to abandon the full-
dreas uniform of thearmy. (One of these is that
the shoulder-knot is in the way when wearing
an overcoat. How many times does an officer,
outaide of Washington, ever wear an overcoat
during the season that finds him parading in
fulldress? Notoften The complainta about
the helmets and other things strike me as come
ing from a very poor basketaltogether, Indeed,
it looks as if the officers, who, of course, pay for
their uniforms, would like to save the money,
even at the expense of cheapening the looks of
thearmy atdress parades and when it appears nr
public; but the enlisted men, who take pride in
looking, at least now and then, like smart
soldiers, don't pay for the uniforms (except
indirectly, of course), and so they don't kick
against it.

The expense of the un{forms for officers ts a
good deal exaggerated too, it seems, since one
uniform ought to and probably does last three
years, except the trousers, and one uniform
lasts an enlisted man the whole enlistment
usually. The fact of the matter is that the
regular troops have never put on nearly as
much soldierly stuff for public appearances as
they ought toand the helmet is the best thing
ever adopted to bring them up to the proper
smartness, There |# no ocasion to talk about
making a dress uniform anawer for the entirely
different and absolutely necessary duty of dreas

arade and street parade. If the officials at

he War Department wipe out the helmet and

full dress they merely put themselves down as
caring mighty little for public interest in the
army and the army needs every bit {t can get.
When they keep the menin garrison in slouch
clothing and oheap ornaments all the year
round the pride of the men will take a drop
that will count more than a little.

Thearmy has never been bedecked In gorgeous
flummery or silly elaborateness of dress as some
foreign troops are. The present dreas uniform
is emart looking, soldierly, simple, dien|fledand
handsome and altogether nearly right; but the
Lord help us when the regulars parade in bob-
tailed blouses with funny little decorations
acrosa their cheats and their street car con-
ductor cans with milliners’ plumes etuck on the
front. Wont it be like the times of the old
feather-bed soldiers way back? How many
officera can manage to cover up the spotted
fronts of their jackets and the shining sleeves
with the aguillettes and other things so aa to be

resentnble on parade? They cannot be blamed
or their looks, if they go into this thing upon
the good economical basia they propose at
Washington

Surely bum days are {n atore for the army
when it is compelled to drop back twenty years,
lone all that has been gained in trying toa
proach the standard of the world over in
military dress and garb itself in undresa uni-
form from year's end to end “except orna-
ments.” Wearea full-crown nation and ft is
high time some sort of nnderstanding of the
neceasity of fing appearance among our #ol-
diera waa brought about. But it wont. be, so
long as the idea of cheapness and tawdryness
pees at headquarters. There are also, be
t known, euch things as military designers
abroad who know the art of designing unlformms
and constructing military smartness, a pro-
feasion in itself. Haye the War Department
people ever heard of enchathing? Indeed, it
seems not. Anny,

New Yorks, Aug. 9.

Responsibility Without Authority.

To tHe Epirorn oF Tar SuN—Sir: The
radica) distinction between the McKinley and
the Bryan policies for the Philippines may be
stated exactly ina few words,

Both concede that the United States, because
of the treaty and as @ consequence of the
Spanish war, have a grave responaibility/to the
islanders

The President holds that where such a re-
sponsibility existe there coAxists with it the
authority to regulate, protect and enforce that
reapon-ibility

Mr. Bryan, equally conceding the responsi-
bility, denies that there ts, or ought to be, any
such authority fn the United States.

The President {s, and for many months has
been, manfully at work establishing a stable
government. That he would long ago have had
a greater measure of success but for the encour-
agement of the insurgents by the Leversona,
Schurzes and Bryans cannot fairly be doubted.
That government being established upon the
lines which the President has sedulously copted
from the precedents of Jefferson in Louisiana
and Jackson in Florida, organized Territories
and States may be formed out of the islands
whenever the Congress shall decide that fitness
is shown.

The President holds that under the Consti-
tution the Federal Government has plenary
authority to govern all Territories; the words
of the Constitution are clear and absolute on
that point

Also, that responsibility without authority ts
worse than mere mockery.

Mr. Bryan threatens, {f elected, to call a
special session of Congress so that he may er-
ercise responsibility without authority.

He proposes to let the Filipinos establish a
stable government. Does he believe they have
more capacity to dosuch a great thing than
have the United States? Mr. McKinley, in be-
half of our country, Is now doing that very thing.
Then, says Mr. Bryan, “I will give them Inde-
pendence."

Does he mean absolute independence and
sovereignty, or does he tnean the same limited
independence that satisfies the Btate of New
York?

Why should we give to these islanders the
absolute independence which we refused to the
Southern States? A refusal which was enforoed
by the greatest of all civil wars,

After giving this absolute independence to
the Fillpinos Mr. Bryau proposes that the United
States, without any volce, or any authority
whatever as to them, shall use the American®
army and navy against Europe and Asia, to
protect and defend the fslanders in any course
they may take

No words can be needed to expose the crazt-
ness of such a scheme

No! Wherever one is responsible for others
that responsibility absolutely demands au-
thority to regulate, advise or control the sub-
jects of the responsibility.

As we cannot give up or e®urrender the “re-
sponsibility’ we must hold and exercise the
necessary and eccompanying “authority.”
JOSEPH CULBERTSON CLAYTON,
New York, Aug. 18

The “ Roundaboat "', Man,

To THR EprTror or THR SUN—Sir; The
alleged shirt waist man has properly been condemned
and rejected by the people generally. Their innate
good taste and Judgment rebel against the proposed
innovation properly, too, for the shirt-waist man as
presented to us ts 4 frand: merely a cheeky individual
in his shirt sleeves, a section of harness leather being
provided as a support for the trousers in leu of
suspenders,

Hutitiseminently proper that menin the hot sum
mer months should be permitted to enjoy the same
degree of comfort as 1s accorded the women, pro-
vided the endean be attained without violating ihe
sentiments and decencies of life.

Ifmen wiladopt and wear a walst of light material
supporting the trousers by buttoning them onto the
same, | apprehend the existing objections will disap
pear. Sueha walst, designed and finished with taste
and care, willappear quite different from the shirt,
and will, or should be, entirely aceeptable

With such a waist, or “roundabout,” ang gentle-
man can ask & be served in any hotel or restaurant,
and {f refused can secure damages for the refusal

New YORK, Aug. 19. LE. Ww

 

 

Agrees With T. Nelson Page.

TO THE Ep'ror oF THe SUN-Sir: I with ts
thank you for a great pleasure in reading the healthy
American sentiments of ‘T. Nelson Page as published
into day's SUN. I thorough'y agree with Mr. Page,
and regret that the address has not been more widely
published by the New York dally papers Of the
four papers I read this morning, THR SUN was the
only one that gave any detailed account of the ad
dress. I wish every reader of THE SUN would hand
his copy toa friend H. CLAY PETERS

BROOKLYN, Aug. 14.

Noisy One Handred and Fourteenth Street.

TOTHE FEprvor oF THE SUN—Sir: I notice the
comp'aints from residents of 114th street, and can
vouch for the truth of everything contained therein
The loafers. who sre non-residents, congregate be
tween Fifth and Madison avenues in large numbers
and make night hideous with their yells They also
use the street asa ball @round during the day, r
tieular'y on Sunday,with many panes of glass broken
as a result

Cannot something be done to abate this nulsance?

NEW YORK, Aug 198. A SUFFERER.

a

‘
TRA ABOARD ONE ISN AEs OE AE RDN: A EIT, MERE RM id aaNet Re Re edly ih a aS babi ie AT ale si Liliiclais tha de Replalehl A asl ical Res Sates,
wv aoe aay Vet

 
   

  

POLITICAL NOTES,

Flection day this year falls on Nov. 6. It wi! yy
the first Presidential eleciton held tn the five poy,
oughs of the present city of New York

John W. Yerkes, the Repudilcan candidate for oy
ernor of Kentucky, is a lawyer and ta Oolleotor of
ternal Revenue, He was @ candidate for Uni 4
States Seuator when Senator Deboe was elected
1897 onthe 112th ballot He tsa resident of they
of Danville, the seat of Centre College.

‘ao

 

Connecticut formerly made {t a requistte of gaffrnas
that electors should ‘have sustained good mora) cher
acter during the year." In South CarotTMa pauper,
were exciuded andin Arkansas no soldier, seamay o-
martioeinthe United States service was qualified iy
vote.

Four years ago the two candidates for Bryan Piss
tor»at-large from Iowa were ex-iov, Horace foley
and Gen, James B Weaver. This year they are
Joseph Bibock and C. H. Mackey, two tneonspleu us
citizens, Since it went in for ‘‘'anti-impertalism,”' the
Democratic party of lowa has falien off

The new Governor of Loulstana {s the former
Auditor of that State, The Democratio candMate tor
Governor of Arkansas is the present Attorney Ger
eral of the State The Democratic candidate for
Lieutenant-Governor in Kentucky last year |s tug
party candidate for Govervor this year. Loul«
and Kentucky are two States in which the term
Governor \s four years.

ana
‘tbe

Passaic county, New Jersey, which tncluces the &
city of Paterson, has been represented tn ine f
New Jersey State Senate by many leaders of po':
feal {mportance fn past times-—from 1479 to | 4a)
by Garret A. Hobart, afterward Vioe-Presideni o! ing
United States; from 1583 to 1888 by John W. Griggs
now Attorney-General in the President's Ca ine:
from 1802 to 14804 by John Hinchcliffe, and | op
1804 by Christian Braun. The last ts @ canditats
for the Democratic nomination for Governor of New
Jersey to succeed Foster M. Voorhees.

 

In Vermont, at the close of the Civil War, every man
21 years old who bad resided a yearin the State and
who would take an oath to vote ‘as in your cor
acience you shal! judge will most conduce to the bes
good of the State,"’ was then qualifed. In Rhods
Island ownership of real estate to the amount of $154
or rent of $7 a year was Indispensable In New
Hampshire, two classes of persons were excluded ‘rom
the suffrage. paupers and those who were excused
trom paying taxes “at their own request’ In Mas
sachusetts an educational qualification existed re
quiring each voter to be able to read the Constitution
in English and write his name, but by a provision \n
tended to modify the rigors of this proviston, persons
born {n or before the year 1420 were exempted

Of the present New York City Magistrates, two,
Judges Crane and Fiammer, have been members of
Assembly andone, Judge Hogan, was Slate Senator

The defeat of the opponents of the disfranchis'ng
amendment tothe North Carolina State Constitution
atthe August election is likely to exercise some!
feet upon the representation from Southern States in
the neat Congress. There ts no Democratic Senator
in Washington from North Carolina, and heretoforn
that State has usually furnished some Repubdiican
Representatives in the lower house.

 

An additional Olty Judge ta to be eleeted thia yrar
and although the opinion ts expreased very generally
among Tammany politicians that the candidate wh»
was slated for the place last winter will secure |:
there area number of other candidates among th
members of Assembly and some present and former
Muntctpal Court Justices. City Court Judges grt
$10,000 a year and Munietpal Court Justices $6,
The salary Of member of the Legislature, Senne
or Assembly, {9 $1,500, and eix years in elther branes
represents 4 total In pay of $9,000, whereas ten years’
Judicial service represents $60,000, and the term o/t +
Municipal Court Justices is now ten years,

The Republicans of the Fifteenth districtof Missour!
have nominated a lead mine owner for Congreas Thr
Fifteenth Missouri district includes most ef the rinc
and part of the lead-producing region of southwester
Missourl, and In the contest of two years agot!
Democratic candidate, Maecenas Benton, had a
rality of 1,600fn a total of nearly 40,000, He was not
chosen in 4 Presidential year.

 

There continues to be some agitation in Florida as to
a removal of the capital from Tallahassee, which !*
4 emall village by no means abreast with the grow!"

of population fn the Peninsula State. Along with 4%

the proposed removal of the capital fs the proposition
to divide the State in two. Florida has an area of 54
000 square miles, 7,000 more than New York, an‘ |t
has, in addition, though this fact does not count for
Much in the contest over the proposed division, «
water area of 4,500 square miles.

 

Until a few years ago Minnesota accorded the right
of suffrage to civilized Indians certified by district
courts to be fitfor the exercise of the suffrage In
Florida a requirement of suffrage was enrollment |
the local militia. Tennessee provided that persons of
color who were competent witnesses tm a court of
Justice against a white man might vote in that State

 

The Democrats and Populists have not lost any
Southern or carried any Northern States so far t)\s
year. Elections have been held in Oregon, Alabama
Rhode Isiand and North Carolina. Arkansas Mains
and Vermont will vote in September.

 

The Democratic State Convention in New York has
been called this year for Sept. 11, an earlier date thar
bas been the general rule of the party heretofore
The Democratic State Convention of 1455 meton
Sept 25, that of 1448 on Sept 12, that of 1481 on
Sept. 15, that of 14894 on Sept 25, that of 1894
Sept. 16 and that of 1494 on Oct. 4. The last Der
cratic State Convention held at Saratoga, where th's
year's convention will meet, put in nomination 4
State ticket which was beaten by a plurality of
156,000 votes at the polls

 

A lively fight for political control {stn progreas'»
West Virginiathis year where, In addition to Pres
dential Electors, a Governor and State officers, f
members of Congress, anda Legislature which ts!
retlect or choose a successor to Stephen B. tlk
are to be voted for, The term of the Governor
West Virginia Is four years and off sear contests!
that Commonwealth are unknown. Bilenntally me
bers of Congress and of the Legislature are voted ‘
but general elections, as they are understood ¢'s
where, occur only in West Virginia once tn f° {
years. The material interests of the little Mounts
State are wholly with the Republican party, w?
fostering policies have Greatly developed the later!
wealth of the State, especially through Improve
tailroad connections and the enlargementof ma
factures. But inthe farming regions of the State
Democrats continue to be most numerous, and it!
matter of observation that a majority of the
eraticfarmers of West Virginia are of Demoe
antecedents, and some of them profess no concert
the growth or decline of local manufactures.

 

 

Theretsa factional contest for Republican lracrr
ship in one of the uptown districts, and
of the present leader declares that he
the votes of 890 colored electors tn the district
maries of Aug. 248 The total r
voters in New York county ts 7,590. They
200 to a district and In no district of town are tt
many as 609 colored electors. In the district
he Republican contestis projected there are & Us »
seventy five colored voters.

the opponent

{< assured

 

ave

Electroplating After Embalming.

From the Lisbon O Dia

Dr. Variot of Paris, has discovered a process
embalming bodies which ft is thought will pror
great success Hle not only embalms, but meta
the bodies by the Ruolt process, Just asift is ¢
withafork ora spoon. Inthis manner they ce
preserved indefinitely, and in such perfectior
the most imperceptible wrinkles and iines are
duced, and the embalmed body has the appeara
a metal statue.

Superstition.
From the PAtladelpaia Press :

“Of all the gamblers lever met, he's the mou
perstitious

“Always calling fora new deck to change his
I suppose."

“Oh! no He doesn't play cards any more a!‘
It occurred to him recently that there are thir
catds in every sult."

 

A Seven to Ten Ear-Wringing.

From the Lahore Tribune.
Thieves are having a merry time of tt within ‘*
jurisdiction of the police station, Haripur. A!
a respectable family was sleeping on the roof of
house. Some culprit at night took away sever
ten earrings from one of her cars The injury «
to the ear may be, imagined.

Hindoo Tale of Poeumatio Speed. 7
From the Lahore Tribune .
Letters dropped inio @ box In Paris are delivered ‘9
Berlin within an hour and a half, and sometim «
within thirty five minutes They ere Whisk
through tubes by pneumatic powes.

v

—_

inj

to
th

pSerae:

BEgRessre

FF

ESGF

SEES

354

7?

a
2

sa