ae gre

 

 

5 aera

ene

SE

— 5, as

eae

X

¥
n
4
:
“a
*
‘
is
ba
if
Hi
>
;

 
     
  

ve a

Rn lie ie Bt oS

 

PLR as

pate

    

FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.

 

Continued from Seventh Page.

oe ee

 

Com High Lew Clee

Balas Nom. ome. mn ent, tne.
10088841 10% 10% 10% 10%
f9ISSS ai pt. GHy% Ho, GOK Bb%
23706 30 Pacific... YUN 4 2% BAK
2240 South Ry... LOW Lis LOM Tis
4545 South Ry pf. O8 OG 52 bam

4008 Jo& GI 7 7 7 i

i
000 308 at a3 43% 63 aa
nn. OT ia 16% 15 18%
120G La SPF UK Vis Ul ut
ag are OF nak 86) 84K 84%
25StanR&!.. 6 o's 6 5
10045 TennC&@l... 70% T2%s G's 70
244 Third AVRR1OVMW 110s 100) 1 10%
475 Tex Pacifico... 14% 159% 14% #156
65385 U Pacific... 50% GO's OO% 50%
10671 UPacifep!. 76% 76% 76 76%
20U 8 BEapress. 465 45% 406356 465%
1670 Un BagaP.. 10% 12% 10% 1%
205 Un B&Ppl.. 6544 65 65 oo
12580 USRubber... 285 Ul 2h% Son
520 USRubberpf #4 v6% O04 o6%
12304US Leather. 10% 11% 16m $64:
1466 US Leath pf. Gig GHG GB 69
1610 Wabash.... 7 7% 7 7%
4280 Wabash pf 18 10% 186 18%
$000 Wes Un Tel... 80 81% 80 80'4
1200 WHh4LErie v 8% "
S0OWLEIn pt 47 48 47 48
S005 WaLE2dpt 23% 254% 23% 24%
640 Wis Central. 14 14% I4 14%
100 WieCen pt... 38% S8% 38% 38%

Total salen 1,962,679 shares
* Bx dividend

Buwpay, Aug. 19.
The weenly statement of averages of the

Clearing House banks shows:

Loan An's. 48 007 90037 400
sae $808,046,200 $814,563. ne. . ’

Degas 847. 400:400 804,317,800 Dee 3,001,600

Ou

27,411,800 28,085,600 Ine 672,300
L'l Cree 55048500 75,213,600 Dee. 234,900
Bpecia.. 177,029,800 164,922,000 Deo. 8,106,000

Res've.$252,478 300 $244,136.00 Dec. 98,841,800
Recarved' 224,352,380 223,570,480 Dec 772,900

Burplus. $25,125,050 $20,557,050 Dee. $7,564, 00
The surplus a year ago was $15,082,356 and
two years ago, $28,830,250.
rta of general merchandise, {nolid-
tan ase pees. at the port of New York last
week were $5,272,501, against $10,470,315 the
previous week and $0,197,861 for the corre.
sponding week of last vear The imports of
epecie for the week were $30,678, of which
$21,850 was gold, making total specie imports
since Jan. 1, $4,389,135 Exports of specie were
Gold, $8,787,279 and silver, $761,855, & total of
99,598,034, against $8 570,264 the previous week
The exports of specie since Jan, 4 have been:
Gold, $47,102,887, and silver, $52,102,900, a total of
$79,206,787.

e official countof the cash in the Treasury
soder not including the wold reserve of $150, -
000,000 ‘and $734,709.67 in gold, silver and notes,
against whieh certificates are outstanding
and compared with that of last Saturday, shows:

Aug. 1}. Aug. 14.
on oe fen = $72,625,800 $72,050,850
eee eurtbeotes bullfom 9.684.671 14,662,604
Untied States notes Hata 4 ao ose ats

Other assets 430,80
Net available cash bal. $141,955,500 $130,514,771

The Treasury Department fo-day receive
bonds to the amountof Pes. ise to be excha ed
‘or the new 2 per_cent. bonds of 1980 under the

funding act, The total amount of bonds re-

ceived to date is $327,671,100

REEPING CLEAR OF THE COPS.

Misdirected Negro Explains That He Knows
Better Than to Ask a Policeman These Days.

On a Broadway car going downtown last
evening was a young colored man bound for
Pier 25 East River, which is at the foot of Peck
siip. The colored man didn't know where
Peck slip was, and he appealed to the conductor
of the car. The conductor didn't know any
more about it than his questioner, but he wasn't
going to show his ignorance.

“Get out at Houston street,” he said, “and
then walk east to the river, That'll fetch
you to it.” as
#@A man who didn’t know much about ft over-
heard the direction. He protested that Plier
25 was “under the Bridge” somewhere, and
told the conductor he ought not to misdirect
a stranger in the city

“Well,” said the conductor, “I didn't know,
I'll put him off at Warren street,”

The m who had interfered then turned
to the colored man

“When you get off,” he sald, “you walk toward
the river and ask the first policeman to tell
you just where that pier Is.”

The negro opened his eyes wide and shook
hia head. Then he grinned, showing all his
teeth.

“No, boss,” he sald
man. | Foh de Lord, |
give me the club.”

“I wont ask no police-
speak to a cop an’ he'd

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC~TBHIS DAY.

Sun rises......5:13 | Sun sets .6:54| Moon rises.12.53
HIGH WATER—TRIS Day.
Sandy Hook...3:43 | Gor. I'd... 4:15 | Hell Gate.....6:08

Arrived SUNDAY, Aug. 19

& rdam, Voege, Rotterdam, Aug. 5

is Eline Marie, Dalldorf, Hamburg. Aug. 5.
Ss Grangense, Spedding, Manaos, July 31.
Ss Asphodel, Matthias. Talcabuano, April 27.
Ss Olinda, Hansen, Caibatien, Aug. 5.
Se Jefferson, Catherine Norfolk. Aug 14.
Ss Goldsboro, French, Philadelphia, Aug. 18
Ss H. M. Whitney, Hallett. Boston, Aug. 18.
8s Horatio Hall, Bragg, Portiand, Aug. 15.

 

ARRIVED OUT
Sa Boric, from New York, at Liverpool
Ss Werra, from New York. at Genoa.
SA)LED FROM FOREIGN PORTS
8s Umbria from Queenstown for New York,
von Grosser Kurfuerst, from Southampton for New
ork.

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS
Salk To-day

Mails Close, Vessel Sails
Trave, Bremen 7TOOANM 1900 AM
Iroquois, Charleston S00P M

Sati To-morrow

 

Cymric. Liverpool . YOO AM 1200M
Kaiserin Maria Theresia,

Bremen... 7O00OAM 1000 AM
Finance, Colon ¥SUAM 1:00PM
Fl Mar, New Orleans A00PM
Servia. Liverpool 1030 AM
Europa, Haytl 1O00 AM 1200M
Norman Prince, La Piawa.. 100P M s00PM

Sail Wednesday, Aug. 22.
St Louis, Southampton 700AM 1X00 AM
Germanic, Liverpool vOOAM i200 M
Noordland, Antwerp 10 a0 AM 1200M
Mae, Porto Kico .1000AM 1200M
Uller, St. Kitts. seeesey 100P M A0OPM
Cherokee, San Domingo 1:00PM 3s00PM
Hersebel, La Plata 1030AM 1200M
Matanzas, Tampico. 100P M 300PM
Seminole, Charleston ; ‘4 200PM
San Marcos, Galveston 300PM

INCOMING STEAMSHIPS

Due Te day.

i Shields... July 28
Honiton... Hambure ° Aug. 3
Pawnee Gibraltar Aug. 5
Asti Barbados Aug. 15
Friesland Antwerp Aug. 11
Etblopia Glasgow -Aug. @
Spaarndam Rotterdam Au. 6
Cevic..... Liverpool Aug 10
Weatburn : Gibraltar Aum. 6
Philadelphia San Juan Aug. 15
Louisiana New Orleans Aue. 15
Fi Sud... New Orleans Aug. 15
Colorado... Hrunawick Aug. 17
Seminole.. Jacksonyilie..... Aug. 17

Due To morrow.
Minnehaha London Aug. 12
Helgravia Hamburg Aug @
Sardinian GIASROW... ceeee ~Ave. 9
Athos ° Port Limon Aug. 14
Hudson ereere Colon Aug. 14
Due Wednesday, Aug. 22
Majestic liverpool Aug. 15
Jersey City Swansea Aug A
Buffon St Lucia Aug. 15
Alps Jamaica Aug, 15
Fidorado «»New Orleans......Atig. 17
Concho Galveston Aug. 15
Due Thursday, Aug. 23
Friedrich der Grosse....... Bremen Aug. 14
Due Friday, Aug. 24

atser Friedrich -Hamburg...... Aug. 16

*retoria -Hambure Aug. 13
Benedict Para ‘ Aug. 13
Holbein St. Lucla.... Aw. 17

Court Calendars This Day.
Appellate Division - Supreme Court. Recess.
Supreme Court. Special Term~ Part 1. - Court
@pens at 10:40 A. M. Part Il - Fx parte matters.

Surrogate's Court Chambers - Por probate. Wills
of Matthes Downey, Julius .. M. Seott, Andrew J.
Sparks, Charles Infield, Amelia Armstrong, at 10:30

A.M, David Stein, at 11 A, M.
City Court~ Special Term —- Court opens at 10 A. ML
Motions,

 

 

Sixty-Seven Sunday Weddings tn St. Joseph,
Mich.

St. Josten, Mich, Aug. 19 —Sixty-seven
couples were married here to-day, the smallest

pumber married on ony Sunday since the ex-

@ursion season en N 7
Chisago. opene Nearly all were from

 

 

   

—_—-

 

The Taste for Scotch Has Not Been Acquired
‘There as It Has on the Atlantic Seaboard,

‘Two young men went into an uptown res-
taurant yesterday afternoon to get a drink,
One was a New Yorker and the othes was from
the West, The New Yorker ordered a high
ball of Scotch whiskey, ‘The Westerner ordered

a high ball of rye
“Don't you like Scotch?

Yorker
“No,” replied hia friend, “I prefer Ameri-
can whiskey, That's all we drink out in my

country.”

“| guess that's a fact,” said the New Yorker,
I've travelled a great deal in my business
and I've noticed that the consumption of
Scotch whiskey is confined very largely to
the Atlantic seaboard cities and in the more

fashionable barg at that, The taste for Scotch
is undoubtedly a cultivated one, and naturally
it eta ite first hold on the Bastern cities, which
are more closely in touch with Great hritain
where Scotch {4 the only Whiskey that any-
body drinks. The taste has grown prodig-
jously ju the Fast within the last two years
You @o into any first-class barroom uptown
and you will hear ten calls for Scotch where
you hear one for rve or bourbon, As you
say, out West and down South it’s different.
I've been in places where I asked for Scotch
and the barkeeper would give me the baseball
eye, They think your'e putting on airs,

‘I was at the Kansas City Convention and I

asked the New

went into a saloon one hot day. but there
they are all hot--and asked for a Scotch high
bal

''You're from the Faat ain't ret. young fel-
ler?’ asked the bartender as he handed out the
bottle

‘'T don't look like a cowpuncher, do 1?”
1 asked

“Oh, itain't ver mua, er it ain't yet arp
Hat gives yer away,’ he said rather pityingly.
‘It's that there Scotch waleney yer called fer.
A blind man who has been in this business
three days would be on. to yer There ain't
@ guy east er Pittsburg who's n in this joint
who asked fer anything else. When we git
a customer from Denver er New Orleans er
Memphis er Milwaukee aud he wants whiskey
at all he wants rve er bourbon, Ef yer push
Scotch at him he's liable ter hit yer with the
bottle. Folks out this way want American
whiskey and they kin drink a power of it, too.

“You see,” went on the New Yorker, “this
Scotch whiskey hasn't permeated the West
and South yet and probably it never will to
the extent it has here. I'll admit that there
are a lot of people in the East who do things
‘ust because people in England do them and
a lot more people who do these same things
because these other people do them. They
think {t's swell.” E

‘That's right, | ues.” assented the West-
erner, “but What's the difference’ It's all good,
you know. let's repeat,” and they did.

eg ED

MINISTER BLAMES POLICE.

 

The Rev. Dr. Babbitt Save They Were Re-
sponsible for the Race Riot,

The Rev. Dean Richmond Babbitt, rector

of the Protestant Episcopal Chureh of the

Epiphany, MoDonough atreet and Tompkins

avenue, Brooklyn, delivered a sermon last
night on “Perils of a Great City.” He said
in part

“The world stands aghast at the mobs in
China overwhelming the foreigners. How

about New York, where we see a mob atrik-
ing down men and beating and bullying women
who are only guilty of a black akin? And
we ace officials standing near, not interfering,
but aiding and abetting 1 thedastardly work

“If one of the policemen in Manhattan was
killed in the discharge of hia duty, he died as
a soldier and his murderer should be brought
to speedy justice. But what shall we say of
one who, #worn to preserve the peace, breaks
the peace, and sworn to uphold the law, breaks
the law? From him should be stripped his
official rank, his badge and his deadly night-
stick, and the power to use an office which he
has diagracec

“The plain fact of the matter, as shown by
eyewitnesses, is that the police planned, stimu-
lated, fomented and practically conducted
that riot, and the result of it is that no man
nor woman, be they rich or poor, is safe under
such bluecoated, cowardly{bullyiem.”

SOCIAL EVENTS AT NEWPORT.

Mrs. Hermann Ocirichs'’s Dinner Musicale at
**Rosecliff,'’ Her New Villa.

Newport, R. [., Aug. 18.—There was a large
number of cottage entertainments at New-
port to-day, the largest probably being the
dinner musicale given by Mrs. Hermann
Oelrichs at “Rosecliff.” This is the first large
function that Mrs. Oelrichs has giveh in her
new villa, and a large number of the cottagers
attended. There was a dinner early in the
evening, and the musicale followed. Another

event of note to-night was a dinner given by
Mrs. DeLancy Astor Kane, at Pinard cottage
No. 4, to a number of young people. Her
@uesta were Mias May Van Alon, Herman Nor-
man, Miss Blight, Grafton Cushing, Miss Hell,
Capt Wogebury Kane, Miss Gladys Brooks,
DelLancy Jay, Miss Post, L. C.. Ledyard, Jr,,
Miss Cottenet, Mypéon Morris, Mias Goddard

DeLancy Astor Kane, Jr. Miss F. Bell and
Robert Goelet. The decorations were hy-
drangeas.

Other social events to-night at the cottages
were dinners by Mrs. Burke Roche, Mrs
Charles H. Baldwin, Mra. Clinch Smith, Mrs.
4, Caas Canfleld, Mre. J. R. Jesup and Mr,
Alfred G. Vanderbilt, the lattar being a amall
affair. luncheon was given by Mrs. Corne-
lius Vanderbilt, Jr

 

UNCONSCIOUS IN A WACANT LOT,

 

‘‘Spot'’ Baker, a Horse Dealer of Harlem, As-
saulted—Four Men Locked Up on Suspicion.

A Harlem character known as “Spot” Baker,
who is a horse dealer and makes his head-
quarters at the Harlem Horse Market Ninety-
ninth streetand First avenue, was foundina
vacant lot near the market early yesterday
morning. He was unconscious and covered
with blood. A bloody shovel was nearby. H
was sent to the Harlem Hospital. It is be:ieve
that his skull is fractured, Detectives from the
Fast 104th etreet station arrested four men on
suspicion of having assaulted Baker. They are
William Scrunimay of 116 East 110th street, Jo-
seph Farley of 217 East 1t0lat street, John
McDonald of Third avenue and 122d street and
Thomas Donohue of 163 East 118th street. The
nolice say these men were seen in the lot with
Baker the night before. They deny that they
were there. Baker had no money on him when
found. He often had from 850 to $100 with him.
He sometimes drank heavil The four men
were held in $1,000 bail in the Harlem rolice
court to await the result of Baker's injuries

Fire in Zeitner's Brewery.

Fire was discovered inthe rear of Zeltner's
brewery at 17ist street and Brooke avenue at
1:30 o'clock this morning. Two alarms were
turned in, but the fire was put out with a
damage of not over $1,000. Several horses are
reported to have been burned to death,

 

 

Accounting of the Fair Will Executors.

SAN FrRANcI8CO, Aug 19.—The seventh ao-
count of the executors of the will of James G.
Fair has been filed) The account covers the
period from Nov. 17, 1809, to May 16, 1900, and
shows that the receipts amounted to $260,994.76
and the disbursements to $209,026.05.

The Weather,

Falr weather was general over the country yester-
day, except for a few light showers fn the Lake re-
gions and tn the Southwest and cloudiness extending
over a partof the Middle Atlantic States. The press-
ure was high over the Lake regions and in the
extreme Northwest and low In the States west of the
Mississippi, with the centre of depression over South
Dakota.

This low pressure is causing intense heat through-
out all the central Weat, the maximum temperatures
ranging from 96 degrees to 102 degrees in Missouri,
Kansas, Iilinols, lowa and Nebraska. The heat wave
is stationary, Dut is likely to move eastward in a few
days

In this efty the day was fair and atrifie cooler;
maximum temperature 62 at 1:50 P.M; wind west
to northwest, velocity ranging from 14 to g0 miles
an hour: average humidity, 52 per cent.: barometer,
corrected to read to sea level, at 8 A.M., 30,02;3 P.M.,
$0.02

‘The temperature asrecorded by the oficial ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at
the street level, is shown fn the annexed table

 

For Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Conneetleut,
generally falr; Tuesday, warmer in interfor; Nght
north shifting to southwest winds

bor Eastern New York, generally fair to-day; warm-
er in interior; Tuesday, increasing cloudiness and
tocal rains, except fair on the coasts light north, shifi-
ing to southwest winds

Vor eastern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Dela-
ware, partly cloudy; Nght north winds, becoming
variable

For District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia,
generally fair; light, variable winds.

For western Pennsylvania and western New York.
oral rains to-day: Tuesday, fair, light to fresh south
- Shifting to west winds.

}

i OO

THE SUN, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900. °

WEST WANTS AMERICAN wnusner.| CONQUEST OF THE DESERT.

THE WEALTH OF ARID AMERICA THAT
IRRIGATION WILL RECLAIM.

Dangers of Travel Over These Stretches of
Alkall and Sand Have Not Prevented the
Search for Treasare and Many Daring Pros-
pectors Have Been Lost -Excessive Heat,

In arecently published volume, “The Con-
quest of Arid America,’ by William E. Smythe,
who is one of the best-known authorities on the
reclamation of desert lands, there ls an inter-
esting aceount of the miracle whereby portions
of California deserts have been made to blos-
som and hear fruit. Irrigation !s the magic
wand that has’ called forth ranches and
orchards of oranges, lemons, olives, figs and
other tropical fruits in abundance where before
had been dreary, unending reaches of sterile
alkiliandsand. What has been done fora part
is possible for the whole, says Mr. Smythe,and
he predicts that the most prosperous part of
the country in the future will be the now de-
spised and feared deserts

Explorera have written of the vast Colorado
desert which lies entirely in California, Arizona
and Mexican territory, Scientists tell us it was
once a great salt sea connecting with the ocean
through the Gulf of California, but deposits of
sediment from the Colorado River made a bar-
rier between the two, much as the deltas of the

Mississippi were formed below New Orleans.

The fierce heat of the southern California sun

and nature's process of evaporation soon re-

sulted in the disappearanoe of the water after
its isolation

The time of this transformation was compar-

atively recent as geological epachs go, and ls

placed as not earlier than the Pliocene age.

Along the eastern base of the San Jacinto

mountains there is a well-defined beach line

that can be readily traced for milea and miles
from the railroad, always at the same level.

The rocks are worn and rounded up to this old

beach line, but are sharp and jagged above.

By actual measurement the beach line has been

found to be even with the present sea level,

while the greater portion of the basin ts con-
siderably lower. From time to time marine
shells and remains of great fish are unearthed
that bear out the conclusions of scientists. The

Cahuilla Indians have legends of their ancestors

having caught fish from the waters, and stone

fish traps have been found in mounds along
with other evidences of an earlier civilization

The Colorado desert holds the record for

maximum heat, even surpassing the Gobi des-

ert of India and the great Sahara of Africa, At

Mammoth Tank, a watering station on the line

of the Southern Pacific Railroad, about twenty-

five miles from the Mexican border, the ther-
mometer registered 128 degrees Fahrenheit in
the shade inJuly of 1887, The ordinary show-
ers of other sections of the country are un-

known here, though now and then comes a

cloudburst of destructive powers

The supreme danger of the desert, however,

{s the sandstorm, and when there are signe in

the heavens of the coming of one of these death

dealing tempests any attempt to continue a

journey is not only useless, but exceedingly

dangerous. I[tisthe bllgzard with the intense
heat of a raging furnace, Usually there comes
in the morning a pallid hue in the molten sky
anda haze veils the sun. Theair begins to move
gently and the humidity makes the breeze un-
welcome, Gradually the huze concentrates anda
brownish colored oloud appears in thea dis-
tanee. Increasing continually in size as it
approaches there is noticeable a swirling and
boiling. When the storm breaks the alr /s filled
with the dry, heated particles of sand, and as
the density increases with the added fury of

the storm the light grows less until one im-

agines suffocation and night are upon him.

Breathing through a handkerchief, moistened

if possible, will prevent one from swallowing

much of the sand though it is impossible to
escare it entirely. In a half hour the wind
gradually subsides, the sun comes out with
seemingly increased flerceness and the storm

abates. ‘Trails and paths are obliterated. A

peculiar feature of the storm is that the whirl-

ing, tumbling sand never forms in ridges, but
after the tempest is over the plain is as smooth
as before

Inexperienced desert travellers, unless ac

companied by guides, go to certain death, for

the halting spots are few and far between, and
the entire depression is marked with scattering
heaps of stones in the form of rude crosses
which indicate burial places of adventurers who
died of thirst. Mirages on the desert are nearly
always of water. Story after story is told by
old prospectors and desert inhabitants of
travellers being lured to death by these ghostly
visions of water in plenty to quench thelr
parched throats. The oases are rare, but the
water supply is ample to provide for the long
journeys. Luxuriant palms surround the wells,
and velvety grass greets tired feet. Somewhere
on the desert, occasionally seen by wandering

parties, is the remnant ofa herd of camels im-

ported from Africa, but somehow they did not

thrive here asin the land of their nativity, and
were found to be inferior to the patient, long-

suffering burros who preceded them and finally
eupprented thern as beasts of burden.
he desert has its legends of lost treasures
and men have died in the vain hope of finding
them. The Indians tell of a huge ship that leit
Mexico when the depression wasa water way
with a cargo of gold and precious stones to be
delivered to one of the dependencies of the
North. A great storm arose and the versel was
lost, The survivors made every effort to find
the ship but failed. The tale has been handed
down from generation to generation and is a
vartof the lore of the desert tribes that the
ndians themselves belleve implicitly. Soldiers
of fortune have heard the story and have
sought thetreasure. Romancers have taken it
asa basisfor magazine stories not once but
many times. Down near thesouthern ex-
tremity of the desert is a table land or mesa, as
it Is called in Spanish, to which the Indians
point as having been a dwelling place of Mon-
tezuma when that barbarian was at the zenith
of his career. The Indians claim descent from
the Aztecs, a claim partially borne out by dis-
coveries in the table lands and mounds of their
country which have yielded precious relics to
the archwologist

Rich as the California deserts may be to the
scientific explorer, it is tothe commercial man of
the present day thatthey are most attractive.
Already discoveries have been made which
would indicate that the treasure house of
America is here, Great bodies of ore have been
uncovered, All minerals are found in abun-
dance. Towns bave sprung up in aday almost,
erected in the oeean o! sand, and the burning,
unprotected trails that wind across the dreary
waste are dally traversed by hardy prospectors
who dream of wealth beyond bounds. Rands-
burg, Johannesburg and a ha f dozen other ket-
tlemeits are centres of promising distr.cts. One
mine assayed $25,000 to the ton when only par-
tially developed, and the deeper the workings
the richer the vein, which widened with de-
scent,

A former newspaper man, F. I), Mooers, who
died in New York recently on his way to Paris,
made a lucky strike in the Mojave desert that
raised him from comparative poverty to wealth.
In his prospectings he stumbled tipon the crater
rim of an extinct voleano, There was color in
abundance, and within a year development
showed it to be one of the richest properties
ever uncovered, andthe income from it ran up
into tens of thousands of dollars monthly
Down near Yuma rich placer diggings have been
tound, but the lack of water makes the ordi-
nary method of working with cradies and sluices
out of ihe question, so ithas been necessary to
usea dry washing process, Much gold that
would be saved by the former method is lost
but there still remains enough to make the
lucky man who can endure the heat of the sun
well content with a few hours work a day.

To the northeast of Los Angeles where the
desert skirts the Panamint Mountains lies
Death Vailey. Its history is written in lives
lost and the reason for its grewsome christenin
is one of the tragedies of the early history o
California, Briefly, for the tale has been told
often, a score of emigrants perished here in 1860
for lack of water. They had left the beaten
trail across the desert to finda short cut to the
gold fields and had depended upon chance to

Omcial= Sun's | ~OMetal~ Sun's! provide them with drink for man and beast
sk a fe wr vom ‘PM ‘vor uo on Phey were fortunate until reaching Death
12M. 77°) (76) 76" OPM Tae 7aeoge | Valley; after a night of torture the party aban-
3P.M.70* SI* B0° 12 Mid..70* 73* 70+ | doned their animals and wagons and attempted

to scale the mountains. A dozen survived, the
WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND To-| reat died and their tragic end gives the
MORROW, veaceful repellent name,

very its
Next to Mammoth Tank, Death Valley holds the

record for excessive heat. The highest point
reached by the thermometer there is 122 decrees
and the average daily maximum i:120. Yet de-

spite the intense heat of ‘heday the nights are
not only cool but often cold: water has been
known to freeze in canteens left out of doors
during a night pesoriag an excessively hot day.
' Death Valley of to-day is the centre of the borax
fleldg of California, and they supply the world
The industry is controlled by a man who was
very poor until a decade ago, when he dis-
covered the immense deposits of borax. He
was chemist enough to realize that his fortune
was at his feet, and he developed the businera
until now the entire marketable supply is
regulated from Death Valley.
Salton is located almost in the centre of what

 

 

its name indicates, the energies of its people are
given to galt mining, but it is not the rock salt
which is found in many other parts of the world
that has to undergo an expensive process of re-
fining to be of commercial value. Rock salt is
found on the desert and it ix of use, butit goes
into making ballast for railroad construction
and it isa marvel to tourists that the great
clear crystals, thatare supposed to be valuable
for a quite dissimilir purpose, should be put io
such prosaic use, But the prodigal treasure
house of the desert bas improved upon the rock
salt of commerce, solar evaporation of the salt
sea has left the commodity fh astate ready for
immediate shipment, Nature basaccomplished
the refining and the deposits that have been
found give no sign of ending. Arsenic is a com-
mon mineral on the Colorado desert and several
springs owe their poisonous qualities to its
Presence, °

A large body of superior asbe tos has been
worked for the past ten years on the east slope
of the San Jacinto Mountains. Clays of com-
mercial value have been found in paying
quantities in varions parts of the desert

Such in brief ix the @reat American deser!.
Despite its dangers it has its fascinations. It
has the attraction that vastness and solitude
always have and the old-timers who have spent
years there, and afterward removed to ropi-
lous cities, have heard the callof the desert
and have returned. A Catholic priest who was
engaged in missionary work among the Indians
in the early days published a volume 4 half
century ago on the American deserts, and his
opening description of the Colorado is worth
renroducing:

"The malediction of heaven seems to welgh
heavily on the solitude, which reminds one of
the desolate shores of the Dead Sea, where
Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed. In the
east there appeared inace-ssible mountain
ridges, and biood-colored rocks dotted with
green spots; on their flanks undulated dark
clouds; while thick vapors moved about their
summits like the amoke of a volcano upon an
azure eky. An imposing silerce continually
reigns around this described lake, which might
well be called the Lake of Death. On its sterile
strand, on the porphyry of ita banks, you never
hear the patter of the rain, the whistle of the
wind, the leaves falling from the trees, the
chirp of birds, nor the swallow'’s rapid filght
through the afr, All is calm and gloomy like
the vaults of a gigantic sepulchre, One would
say that God in aday of wrath cursed these
solitudes on account of the crimes of their inbab-
itants, whose ashes lay mouldering for many
centuries beneath the sands of the desert.”

CUBAN TEACHERS RETURN.

To-day They'll Begin a Round of Sight-See-
ing by Going to West Point.

The Cuban schoolteachers who are on their
way back to Cuba after their special course at
Harvard left Washington at 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. They spent the day there sight-
seeing after attending early mass at St, Mat-
thew's Chureh. Ontheir arrival at the Penn-
sylvania station in Jersey City last evening they
were immediately transferred to the transports
Rawlins, McPherson, Sedgwick and Crook,
which will be their hotels until their survey of
New York and the sights in its vie nity is com-
plete. This morning early they will be iaken to
West Point on one of the iron steamboats, and
the day will be spent there. The teachers have
heard that most of the West Point cadets have
learned to speak Spanish. They seemed to
anticipate their trip to-day with intense, if coy,
enthusiasm. Tc-morrow morning they will
begin an all-day trip about this city, beginning
at Grant's Tomb and concinding with aluncheon
to be given in their honor on the Central Park
Mall by Park Commissioner Clausen,

The teachers wentinto continuous fits of en-
thusiasm in describing the extent of the
hospitality with which they had been received
in Washington. So great was their desire to
express adequately their feelings that it was
rather dificult to find out exactly what they
had enjoyed most

VAN PELT USED HIS SHOTGUN,

He Complains That Bensoohuarst’s Sammer
Foiks Spoil His Orchard,

Jacob Van Pelt, one of the rich men of
Bensonhurst, called at the Bensonhurst police
station lasc night and reported that he was
thoroughly tired of the way the young men
and women who were spending the summer at
Bensonhurst were destroying his orchard

“LT shot at them twice with a shotgun this
afternoon," said Mr. Van Pelt to the sergeant,

“but I guess I failed to hit them. Ever since
the opening of the hot season these summer
boarders have made life a burden for me. They
have been going into my orchard, and not only
have they stolen the frult, but they have broken
limbs from trees, smashed buckets in my wells
and generally destroyed things. This after-
noon I ordered a crowd of young men and
women to get out of the orchard. They
laughed at me and_ finally threw stones
at me. I got mad and went inthe house and
got my shotgun, which was loaded with
shot 1 again ordered them to go, but they
laughed at me andtold metoshoot. I let goat
them, but they ducked behind trees. I shot
again and tbey ran away, the women scream-
ing. I want to serve notice that I will keep
trespassers off my property in the future, and
they will get hurt if they don't keep off,"

The police told Mr. Van Pelt that they would
try to stop the nulsanoe.

 

 

MAY HAVE TO SERVE 1,000 DAYS MORE.

 

No One Has Offered to Pay ex-Coroner Coombs's
Fine-— Court to Remit It?

Former Coroner Edward B. Coombs of Brook-
lyn Antshed his term of nineteen montha’ tme
prisonment in the Kings County Penitentiary
yesterday. Healso had a fine of $1,000 imposed
upon him and if it is paid he will be at liberty
this morning. Up to a late hour vesterday
none of bis friends, so far as could be learned,
had made any arrangement to pay this fine. It
is said that hle counsel will make a motion to-
day hefore Supreme Court Justice Lambert
in Brooklyn to have the fine remitted, Ther
will contend that the ex-Coroner haa been
punished sufficiently already and that, as he is
@ poor man, it will be a hardship if he has to
work out the fine by serving a day for each
dollar. -

Dr. Coombs was a dentist in Brooklyn before
he became activerin politics and had a large
yractice. He Was convicted of presenting a
‘alse and fraudulent bill against the city for
$2,762.50 for inquests that were never held.

 

AND BLED TO DEATH,

BURST A VEIN

Stableman Instead of Seeking Help Played
the Hose on the Wound,

John Walsh of 6 Spring street, a harness
cleaner inan undertaker's stable at 25 Spring
street, bursta vein in his right leg yesterday
morning and bled to death. He had been work-
ing all night. When the day workers arrived
they found him playing a hose on his leg,

“What's the matter?” inquired one of the
men

“Good merning,’
busy with the hose.

A minute later he reeled and fell to the ground
The men put him ina chair and an ambulance
was summoned from St. Vincent's Hospital, but
he was dead before it arrived

replied Walsh, and kept

 

$500 SCARF PIN STOLEN.

William G. Mcrrissey Missed It After He Left
®\ Bath Beach Concert Hall,

William G. Morrissey, a real estate dealer, of
Twenty-first avenue, Bensonhurst, went to the
Manhattan Concert Hall, kept_by Alderman
Fred Fleck at Bath Beach last night. When he
left the place an bour later, he discovered that

his $500 scarf pin was misting. He reported his
loss to the pulice and told them that he re-
membered that a young man had brushed
against him just as he was entering the place
@ gave the police a description of the young
man, and the police are looking for him

 

HONORED BY THE POPE.

 

Vicar-General McNamara of Brooklyn Made a
Domestic Prelate,

Vicar-General McNamara, pastor of 8t,
Joseph's Roman Catholic Church, Pacific street
and Vanderbilt avenue, Brooklyn, who was in
charge of the diocese during the absenoe of
Bishop McDonnell in Furope, has been raised to
the dignity of Domestic Prelate by the Pope.

‘Twe Hurt ta a Runaway.

A horse attached to a buggy and driven by
Henry Roello of 27 Withers street, Brooklyn, ran
away in the Eastern Parkway yesterday after-
noon. The rig coliided with an electric light
pole at Classon avenue. Mr. Roello was ac-
companied by his nine-year-old son and Frank
Cucurello, 37 years old, of 20 Havemeyer street
The three were thrown out. Mr. Ko>llo sus-
tained a fracture of the skull, Cucurello received
a fracture of theright arin. The boy escaped
without a soratch,

Fell Three Stories and Was killed.

Fred Robertson, an employee of the Fidelity
and Casualty Surety Company, who boarded at
20! East Twelfth street, fell out of the third-
story bathroom window yesterday afternoon
and was killed, He is said to have come to New
York from Detroit. He was $1 years old and
utinarried,

Fell Off a Car and Fractared Her Skull.
Mrs, Kate Unisorth, a widow of 204 East

Twenty-third street, fell off a Lexington ave-
ue car at Fifty-seventh street last night and
ractured her skull. She was taken to the

 

scientists say was once the Great Salt Sea. As ! Flower Hospital,

ee oa ET

7 pee

PRIOR IT

-
GRRE AR ye

Re

TERROR IN A DINING ROOM.

A CRAZY HOTEL PORTER BRANDISHES
A CARVING KNIFE.

 

 

 

Panlo and a Fierce Fight Follow—The Porter
Shouted That It Was His Mission to
Slaughter All the White Trash Women
Try in Vain to Jamp Out of a Window,

Cuicaao, Aug. 19..- Benjamin Moore, a negro
porter, insane from the excessive heat, caused

a panic in the dining room of the South
and

Chicago Hotel, Ninety-second street
Exchange avenue, South Chicago, when
he entered it during breakfast hour this

morning, half clad, and threatened to kill the‘

He hada carving knife
desperate

thirty or more guests
and was subdued only after a

struggle, When Moore bounded = {nto
the room brandishing his long knife
above his head he explained = that

his mission was to slaughter all the “white
trash’ and that to start out with he would first
assassinate all the people in the room. Women
jumped from their seats and added to the ex-
citement by screaming.

Moore made a movement tn the direction of
the women, who were clinging together, and they
immediately tried to jump out of the window,
but were prevented by the screen. Those women
who could get by Moore ran into the hall and
from the office a telephone message was sent to
the police station. In the dinlug room @ mag
caught the nearo’s hand in the rungs of achair
as Ina cage andin a moment the knife was
knocked from his hand,

Then followed a desperate struggle
with the negro to subdue bim. He
fought with the strength of a_ giant,
striking and ecratching his antagonists

Although at times as many as ten men were at-
tempting to hold him, he dragged them about
the room as though they were that many dolls

The tables, with their loads of dishes and

eatables, were overturned and acattered
about the floor. Qnee Moore threw
his assailants against “ table on
which was an urn of boiling coffee

This was overturned and the hot liquid poured
over Moore's neck and shoulders, blistering
him. This added to his fury, and with increased

strength he threw the boarders off.

Not finding his knife he armed himself with a
Ablow from atray stand stunned him
Immediately the men were upon
In this fight he tore much of the clothing
on the point of
again liberating himself when the police ar-
He was handcuffed and manacied and
led thus a prisoner to the patrol wagon, At the

chair
and he fell.
him
from the guests and he was

rived.

South Chicago police station he became 80 vio-

lent, even inirons, that he was put in a strait-

jacket.

 

DR. Cc. 0. BROWN

THE REY.

 

His First Wife Has Secured a Divorce and He

Has Taken a Bride in Chicago,

ToLepo, Ohio, Aug. 19.
O. Brown of (Chicago is in the city and has Mra,
Brown with him
former days

andit escaped public notice in Chicago,
Brown family was well known in the West
through the doctor's work as pastor of a Con-
gregationai church in Chicago and after an
exciting experience with a large church in San
Franciseo. A divorce was secured by Mrs.
Brown in Chicago. The second marriage took
place a few weeks later. Mr. and Mrs. Brown
came to Toledo toattend the reunionof the third
Ohio Cavalry Regiment of which he was a mem-
ber, and they bave since remained at the Jef-
ferson Hotel. Mrs. Brown was formerly an
Ohio woman and has friends in Toledo. She
lias been married once before, her first husband
being a business man of Chicago, and she has
conducted a real estate business.
was Mary Mallory. Mr. HKrown'’s name has
been muchinthe newspapers during the past
five years. The couple will be here for several
days yet.

GARIBALDIS NOT ADMITTED,

Trenton Priest Bars Them as a Uniformed
Body From His Charch,

Trenton, N. J., Aug. 19.—There was great
excitement in the Italian quarter this after-
noon when the Rev. Father Bernadine Ludwig,
rector of the Church of the Immaculate Con-
ception, refused to allow the Garibaldi Asso-
ciation to attend memorial services in the church
in honor of the late King Humbert,

 

 

The services were preceded by a parade of

Ttallan societies, the Garibaldi Association

members being the only ones in uniform.

hands, he forbade the Garibaldi membera to
enter the church. A protest was made, but
the priest stood his ground firmly. The aston-
ished Italians for several minutes stood around
in excited groups diseussing the situation
and threatening to foree an entrance.

Italian organizations being admitted to the
aervicea ‘he Garibaldi Association held a
meeting to-night and decided to begin a suit
for $5,000 damages syainst the priest

The priest asserted his willingness to have the
members participate in the services aa indi-
viduale not uniiormed. He said that the Gari-
baldi Association has persistently antagonized
the Church and its teachings. He regards the
organization as an anti-Catholic institution,

EXPERT SWIMMER DROWNED.

 

St, Louis Boy Lost While Recing With Com-
panions in the Mississippi.

Str. Lovis, Mo, Aug. 19 Frank Koehl, 18
years of age, was drowned this afternoon while
engaged in a swimming contest in the
Missiseippi River just south of the Merchants’
Bridge. With eight or ten other young men he
crossed over into Illlnois inthe morning and
spent the forenoon in fishing andin running
foot races along the bank of theriver. In the
afternoon they got up a swimming match.
Young Koehl, who was an expert swimmer,
was pitted against the others
The start Was made just south of the bridge.
Koehl swamalong slowly behind the others,
seemingly reserving his strength for a spurt
toward the finish. For some reason the
spurt was never made and the leaders
of the party reached the goal far Inadvance of
Frank. Here the swimmers were to turn back
und go over the course again, this time up
stream. ‘

suddenly Koehl cried out for assistance. His
companions were some distance from him
Again Koehl cried for help and then sank. The
river here is yery deep with a «wit undertow,
and the body never cime to the sur.ace
Fishermen dragged the river but faded to find
the body.

 

MAN AT THE WINDOW.

Van Buren Screamed and He Landed
Beside a Policeman,

Mrs. Mary Van Buren of 41 Terrace avenue,
Jersey City, was aroused at 3 o'clock yesterday
morning by some one trying to force the screen
from a window of her room, which is on the
second floor. Looking out she saw a man on
the porch roof, She screamed for help and

the would-be burglar jumped to the ground.
He almost fell into the arms of Patrolman No-
lan, who was passing, He was fully identified
by Mrs, Van Buren. He said he was iieury
Malloy. 21 years old, but refused to say where
e is held for attempted burglary,

 

Mrs.

he lives

Sir William Stokes Dies in Natal,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Lonvon, Aug. 19,—The death is announced of
Sir William Stokes, M. D., at Pietermaritzburg,
Natal. He was Surgeon in Ordinary to the
Queen in Ireland and Professor of Surgery at

the Royal College of Surgecns. He was born
in 1839

 

Anarchists Arrested tn Belgium,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE Sun.
Brusse.s, Aug. 10.--Two Anarchists have
been arrested at Chimay. The Government is
taking extreme precautions against Anarchists
in view of the visit of th» Shah of Persia on
Aug. 24.

West Jersey Railroad Passenger Train Off the
Track,

ATLANTIC CiITy, Aug. 19.-The West Jersey
Railroad train leaving this city for Camden at

10:10 o'clock to-night with a large number of
passengers on board, ran intoa misplaced switch
just across the drawbridge as it was leaving
the city. and was derailed. The train was
stopped before any one was injured.

LS, +m Qa EAR Bicep etal Rie = aK ott PHO, RE tha Si eA BREF Sah ORR Ra lhe MOOT OA bien pial _

WEDS,

The Rev. Dr. Charles

She is not the Mrs. Brown of
Dr. Brown has been divorced and
has marriedin Chicago within the last few weeks
The

Her name

When
the Garibaldis reached the church the priest's
figure blocked the entrance, and lifting up both

The
counsel of the cooler heads prevailed and the
association returned (to its quarters, the other

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
    

POL Te ae re : .

  
   

 

 

 

  

WHOLE KLONDIEE sMOULD BE OURS) SERVICE FOR DEAD KING,

Argument of a New York Employer and Mine
Owner in Alaska,

Vroronta, B. C., Aug. 19.—-Richard Mansfield
White, who states that he is an explorer and

mine owner from New York, is quoted
as follows in an interview at Skag-
way, copies of which were brought

by thegsteame Amur this afternoon

“1 find that a line bet ween Alaska and Canada
at a distance of ten marine leagues from the
winding of the coastis crossed by more than
thirteen rivers or streatns emptying into the
Pacific Ocean between Portland Canal and the
Hist meridian, and that from that fact alone
there cannot be a summit or divide of drainage
nearer than the said ten marine leagues, and
therefore fthe contention of the British
that the boundary should approach nearer to
the coast than the said ten marine leagues is
not tenable, Also the summits of White Pass
and Chilkoot Pass cannot be taken as the summit

of a range of mountains which extend in a4
direction parallel to the coast from the
S6th = degree of north latitude to the
point of Intersection of the I4ist degree of
west longitude, for these summits are continu-
ous for tnat length, but are oaly the summits
of passes between mountains, locally, and not
the surnmit of such an extensive range of moun
tains as the treaty contemplates f there are
any ranges of mountains at all they lio be
tween and separate the rivers running into the
Pacifie Ocean and are not parallel to the coast,
but at almost at ri -Eht angles to the coast.’
Followina this contention he maintains
that the whole of the Yukon Valley, including
the Klondike, should bea part of Alaska proper
and the domain of the United States, Ac-
cording to hia contention the boundary is at
the summit of a range of mountains and there
is no Tange between the coast and the Rockies,
because he says the coast mountains, being out
ahd detached by rivers and valleys, are nota
range

INTO A RUSSIAN PRISON,

THROWN

An American Citizen Putin Jail on His Re-

tara to His Native Country.

Cuicaco, Aug 19. Alexander

business in Chicago, is now in a Russian prison
He went on a trip to his native land

years ago. He has been an

ernment officiala in his behalf. Mr
will see Senator Cullom to-morrow
the release of Demond cannot be

can citizen,
from prison to prison on a
miles to be imprisoned permanently.

After being under arrest
Demond attempted to eseape by
through the frontier by way of Germany
was captured again and was then placed tn
the penitentiary
he had about $4,000. He was broken in health
and says he left his busineas in bad shape

The attention of the Secretary of State will be

called to the case. Demond lived in Waukesha,
Wis, six years after coming to this country
He waa foreman of the knitting department
in the State Reformatory there,
mece through a political change In the offices

hen he came to Chicago, and remained here

contiguously until he started for Russia.

THEATRE RULES ON SHIRT WAIST.
The Real Things All Right, bat Not the Man
Who Takes Off His Coat,

Caicaco, Aug. 10 -An imitation shirt-walst

man went to MecVickar's Theatre last evening
He

to help celebrate the opening of the season.
soon wished he had not gone, and incidentally
he was the occasion for a formal ruling

onthe shirt-waist question by Mr, Litt, When
the
house he was wearing his coat over a negligee
he got inside he

the man bought a ticket and went into

shirt and belt, but when
hung his coat over his arm and strolled
leisurely down the aisle to his seat.
It took about three minutes to put him ont-
side. His money back was offered or a check
for another ; erformance or any accommodas

tion that he wanted. He would have none of it

and when he found he was out finally for the

night he went away breathing threats of dam-
age suits.

“The realshirt-waist fsall right here,"' said
Manaver Sol Litt to-day, ‘but nobody can be-

in taking off his clothes in the theatre, for we

ont know where he'll stop. If he comes with
acoat he must wear the coat. Otherwise who
knows but collars and neckties will go next, and
then where shall we be?”

 

RUNAWAY SMASHES WINDOW.

 

Also Knocks
Tried to Get Away, Bitten by a Dog.

A horse attached to a delivery wagon owned

by Louis Frank, a butcher of 186 Fighth avenue,

took fright while standing in front of the shop
Six-
teenth street and Eighth avenue it took to the
sidewalk and plunged through a $150 plate-
giass window of the saloon of James Nealis,

yesterday morning and ran away. At

The horse was badly cut by the glass

Mary Vaughan. 24 years old, and her sister,
Charlotte, 22 vears old, of 821 West Seventeenth
street were pussing the saloon at the time
Mary was knocked down und received a bad
acalp wound and contusions. Charlotte tried
to run out of the way of the horse. A sinall
dog that did not upprove of her speed, rushed
at her and bit her in the left lee. Both girls
were attended by an ambulance surgeon from
the New York Hospital and were taken to their
home. The dow escaped

ROCKEFELLER WILL GIVE 850,000,

Offers That Sum to Des Moines
College if a Like Sum Is Ralsed.

Des Moines, la., Aug. 19. —The trustees
of the Des Moines Baptist College, who are
seeking to raise an endowment fund of $100,000,
have just been no ‘fed by John D. Rockefeller

that he will give t e@ institution $50,000 on con-
dition that a like sum is raised by the trustees
thermselves. The inatitution is affiliated with
Chicago University. J. V. Hinchman of Glen-
wood, la., has already subscribed $15,000 to
the fund fand the trustees have raised $10,000
from other sources, In view of this progress,
the trustees have no doubt of being able to
avail themselves of Mr. Rockefeller’s offer.

Baptist

Coats for Shirt-Waist Men.

TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 19--Fred Katzenbach,
manager of a hotel here, bas Introduced a novel
method of dealing with the shirt-waist man.
He has established a wardrobe composed ex-
clusively of coats of various sizes. When a
shirt-Waist man presents himself at the dining-
room door the loan of a _coatis offered to him
to complete his attire, If he accepts a coat he
is permitted toenter the dining room If he
does not he is turned away.

 

Killed by a Fall Through a Grating.
Shortly before 12 o'clock last night while
Peter Tulley, 54 years, of 432 West Forty-
ninth street, wason his way home he stepped

on an iron grating in front of 461 West
Vorty-ninth street. The «rating slipned
from its fastening, and Tulley fell ten
feet into the area. An ambulance

was sumtnoned and the doctor upon his arrival
said that Tulley had been instantly killed by
the fall,

 

Salling Craft in Collision.

The Nova Scotian barkentine White Wings,
while getting under way off Quarantine yes-
terday morning, drifted across the bow of the
British ship Claverdon. She hung there watil
the tugs Uuity and Lennox towed herito an an-
chorage off Clifton. She was only slightly
damaged and proceeded to sea a Tow hours
later. She is bound for Rio Grande do Sul.

Stumbled tn Prontof a Horse Car and Run
Over.

Henry Meyer of 171 Forsyth street, sturnbled
and fell while crossing in front of a Stanton
streets horse car at Chrystie and Rivington
street yesterday afternoon. The car ran over
him, fracturing his skull, He was taken to
Gouverneur Hospital,

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

 

James Madden of 81 East Third street was drowned
yesterday afternoon while bathing In the Bast River
at the foot of Stanton street, a

James Madden, o laborer of 41) East Third street,
was drowned in the Fast River at the foot of Stanton
Street while in bathing yesterday afternoon, His
body was recovered.

Michael Mason, a longshoreman, fell into the river
while attempting to put @ barre! of soda on a barge
at the foot of West Thirty-fourth street yesterday
morning. He was drowned

John Halpin, the captain of a Government launch
found a drowned man’s body floating off Ellis Island
yesterday afternoon, It was that of a dark man, 5
eet Ainches tall, weighing about 160 pounds

Sabey Tume of 552 East Sixty-third street, the
driver whose wagon killed seven-year-old Oscar Fred-
ticks of 1100 First avenue on Friday night, was re-
mendes to the Coroner yesterday on a charge of homl

@.

Demond
who for several years was in the restaurant

Inst
February and upon reaching Russia was ar-
rested for complicity in a student plot nineteen
American citizen
over fifteen years, and has written a letter to
Martin Madson, imploring him to visit Gov-
Madson
to see if
secured,
Demond had American passports and declares
that these clearly set forth that he is an Ameri-
He is being taken now, he says,
journey of 1,100
for four months
breaking
He

When Demond left Chicago

but lost his

Down a Girl—Her Sister, Who

 

ATTENDED BY THE PRESIDENT AND
DIPLOMATIC CORPS,

OMcial Washington Pays Its Tribute to Italy's
Murdered Sovereign A Notable Com
Pany Assembled in St, Matthew's Charch—
Some of the Persons Who Were Present

WASHINGTON, Aug. 19. -Imposing service.
In memory of the murdered King Humber:
were held this morning at 11 o'clock in St. Mar
thew's Roman Catholio Church, The Pres}
dent and members of the Cabinet joined with
the diplomatic representatives of nearly ever
civilized country throughout the world in pa)
ing tribute to the noble qualities of the dead
ruler. The scene in the church was a brillian:
one. Great masses of palms and cut flowers
filled every corner, The body of the chureh
was filled with the diplomatic representatives
many of them attired in the uniforms of thelr
services. The black coats of the Presidan:
and the Cabinet members contrasted with
these and with the uniforms of American Arm
and Navy officers, of whom nearly fifty were
present

The services had originally been planned
to take place Aug. 9, simultaneously with the
burial of the King at Rome. It was expected
that Cardinal Gibbons would be present to
conduct the maa, but it wns found that the
Cardinal could not be here at that time and

the mass accordingly was postponed unt
to-day in order that the President might at-
tend it

When the mass began the chureh was filled
The front pew on the left side was occupied by
Baron Fava, the Italian Ambassador ‘ha Rar-
oness Fava and the members of the Italian kin-
bassy. With the party were Prince and Prin-
cess Brancaccio, The Princess,who was formerh
Mias Field of New York, is a lady-in-waitin
to Queen Margherita. Secretary Carignani and
Count Romano, the Second Seeretary of tha
Embassy, were also with the party. The
President and members of the Cabinet wera
seated on the right in front. The British Em-

 

bawy, in the absence of Lord Patncefote,
was represented by Capt. Baly, the Naval Ate
taché, M. Thiebaut, Secretary of the French

Embassy, was present as Chareé d'Affatreas
The Duke d'Arcos, Minister from Spain: Min-
ister Takahira of Japac, with his staff, Min-
ister Wu, the Chinese Envoy, and the mem-
bers of his legation in the flowing robes of their
rank, Baron Sternberg, Charge of the Ger-
man Bn basev; Count Tarnowski of the Austro-
Hungarian Embassy; M_ De Wollant, Chargs
of the Kussian Embassy; Mr. De Strale, Char@s
of the Swedish legation, and M. Ignace De
Costa, Chargé of the Portuguese legation,
were also present

In the centre of the church before the altar
was the catafalque typifving that which eon-
tained the body of King Huinbert. On a alde
were banked palins and floral offerings. Drapery
covered the catafalque, and.upon it werecroased
palms tied with the national colors of Italy
red, green and white. Great brass candelabra
stood at the head and the foot. On each were
ten burning tapers. The Rev. C. M. Bart was
celebrant and Fathers Lee and Kunick wera
deacon and sub-deacon respectively. There
was nosermon.

 

NOT AN ANARCHIST.

 

auipo

The Itallan Will Probably Be Permitted te
Land Here.

Nothing was done yesterday in the cases of
Natale Moresca and Antonio Guido, the Italians
who were taken from the Kaiser Wilhelm IT. on
Thursday under suspicion of being concerned
in an Anarchist plot. The Immigration Bureau
has about made up its mind that the man Guido
ia not an Anarchist and is guilty of nothing
worse than friendship for Moresca. He will!
probably be admitted to this country, it was
said yesterday, in consideration of his having
a brother here who undertakes to see that he
does not become a public charge. The Kaiser
Wilhelm II, is subject to a fine for not having
Guide and Moresca properly entered on her
manifest, The men obtained employment
on the ship after she had cleared, and had it not
been for the vigilance of Consul Byington at
Naples might have slipped into this country
withoutpassing under the scrutiny of the Barge
Office officials at all. Consul Byington heard
of some loose talk by Moresca about his inten-
tions on reaching New York and advised the
State Department to have Moresca and hia
friend looked after when they reached this
city,

IN MEMORY OF HUMBERT.

The United Italian Societies of Brooklyn Held
a Service.

The united Italian societies of Brooklyn held
a service in memory of the late King Hum-
bert of Italy in Prospect Hall, Brooklyn, yes-
terday afternoon, Twelve societies partici-
pated in the ceremonies. They met, 1,200
strong, at the Hamilton avenue ferry, and
marched in a body to the hall with the flags
of Italy and the United States flying by the

side of each society's standard. There was
no music, because, it being Sunday, a permit
could not be obtained

In the centre of the hall there was built the
representation of a large bier surmounted by
a croas twenty feet from the floor, The ple
ture of Humbert, draped in black, looked down
upon the assemblage. Around the hier a
giard of honor in the uniform of the Itallan
army was gathered, and as the members of
the societies marched in, they grouped thetr
standards about it he building was packed,
the gallery being filled with women

The service consisted of music by a laree
chorus and quartette and a fall instrumental
orchestra. Speeches were made in Italian
by Ferdinand Pratt, the Italian Viee-Consu!:
G, Cadicamo and G. Pastore, A> speech fn
English was made by J. Grattan MeMahon of
Brooklyn, There was no disturbance of any
kind on the part of the Italian Anare)ists,

TA RICCO DEAD.

The Italian Who Fell Unconcious While Make
ing a Speech Against Humbert.

NEW HAVEN, Conn, Aug. 19.--Alfonso la
Ricco, the man who fell unconscious on the
platform at Music Hall yesterday while mak
ing an attack on the memory of King Humbert
of Italy, died at the hospital this evening. Ja
Ricco's death has created a profound sensa-
tion among the local Italians, He came here
as the orator of the day at the King Humbert
memorial exercises, He began his speech
with faint praise for the memory of Italy's
dead king and then suddenly burst out with
this statement

“Humbert would have been a good man if
he had not been a king.”

la Ricco mumbled a few more words and
then fell to the platform with a crash. The
physicians say he suffered a stroke of apoplexy.
The local Italians believe he was stricken dowa
by Divine justice

EDDYISM DISEASED DREAMS.

  

 

F, R. Morse's Characterization of
Christian Science,

The Rev. F. R. Morse, assistant pastor of
Calvary Baptist Church,preached last night the
first of a series of sermons on “Eddyism an‘

Christian Science '' Mrs. Eddy's book “Sclence
aud Health,” he declared, was the most danger
ous book that has been issued from the Amer-
can press,

‘The book is a mass of mystical vagaries and
diseased dreams."’ said the preacher. “‘Chris-
tian Science, as taught by this wou)d-be ph!
osopher, is a subtle web work of quasi-theolog!
exigmas. While the name of God is frequent):
used God himself is denied. I regard the boo
as being as essentially atheistic as the panthe-
ism of Hegel.”

The Rey.

Miss Herbert, the ‘issing Nurse, Feand
Drownacd,

Frederick Keim of 668 Melrose avenue, wh le
oul fishing in Long Island Sound yesterday a
ternoon, off Hunt's Point, found floating in (he
walter the body of Miss Bertha M Herbert, th
nurse of the City Hospital on Biackwell's I«
and, who was reported missing in yesterday «
Sun. The body was taken to the Fordhan
morgue, where it was identified. Miss Herber:
will be buried to-day in St. Frane's’s Cemeters,
Astoria, by her relatives,

Baby Burned to Death Playing With Matches

Mary O'Shea, eighteen months old, was
burned to death yesterday by playing wit!
matches at her home, 622 Greenwich street
while her mother was out of the room. The
mother was in time to tear the baby's cloth: s
off and extinguish the flames, but the child
died in St. Vincent's Hospital soon after ad
mission,

Body tn the Bay,

The body of an unidentified man was foun
in the bay off the foot of Thirty-fourth stree
Brooklyn, yesterday. He was about 35 years
old, 5 feet ® inches tall, with aark hair and
mustache. He wore cheap clothes and is sup-
2o8ed Lo have been attached to some sagtoat,
he body was taken to the Morgue, . ‘

33722702

Sce> zor sar Sf42

Rr s—ysse>co39

xO

th
fo!

fo

on

tho
St
po
th
\s
ob

fo

b)
eu
In

of
ite
10
dl

far
will
that
hoid
mon
not
eh
tim:
new
min
follo
dist
den
ye
at ni
Th
arad
etood
#1004
Sts
Heel
dis
009,00
eent.
rived
woul
pro
min
the
lutel
attal
oxi