z , reed, Ee ge rl ae iJ Be fea d vA A SB a siiey f ee has A Bian ia 1

oN nee! SE ae Neer ae he Pe ee te red aie ae oer
v . ram al is Sahai es Cry aD 7 tj ' s : SLR A wy x rs ‘ : \ 1 , ¢ oy d y ;
‘ “Y v : Fi PEPCAGT “freee et ost ere ag 4 ee én’ RA. dy rae em Fc “S ¢ , W/Z ’ . si F
2 ee : ‘ . . : : ” 7 . ' ye a iH Yi ve

Rain to-day, colder to-night; to-morrow. Bieng ok . % f ant | —

innads's wearing. and colder. Perry RY o~- sy "an

hest ‘ure yeste 3 lo 5 “ J
Detailed weather Woeria on 7, 383 | oa” - x i ie as) Tr . in ; “~
iin a rari pO a

 

VOL. LXXXVI—NO. 208.

HUGHES. PROPOSES 7
AMENDMENTS TO THE
PEACE CONSTITUTION

 

 

 

Former 7 J urist Analyzes
Plan in Speech at Union
League Club.
PHRASEOLOGY IS WEAK
Calls ‘Article Ten Danger-
ous and a*Probable
Breeder of War.

WANTS * U. 8. PROTECTED

 

 

 

 

Says Monroe Principle Should
Be Preserved as Ameri-
can Policy.

Seven specific amendments to the
League of Nations covenant were pro-
Posed by Charles FE. Hughes in an ad-
dress before the Union League Ciub
yesterday afternoon. By #0 doing Mr.
Hughes further refuted the assertion
made by defenders of the draft favored
by President Wilson that its critics
had nothing constructive to offer.

Having explained at the outset that
he would not attempt to review mat-
ters of mere form, as it seemed to be
conééded that the covenant was poorly
drafted, and ‘ite ‘most earnest support-
ers Mad severely criticized it, Mr.
Hughes saié he thought the covenant
should be amended 4s follows:

“(1) By explicit provision as to the
requirement of unanimity in decision.

“(2) By suitable imitation as to the
field of the league’s {nquiries and action,
so as to leave no doubt that the interna)
concerns of States, stich as immigration
and tariff laws, art not embraced.

“(3) By providing that no foreign
Power shall hereaftér acquire, by con-
quest, purchase or in any other way any
possession on the American Continent
or the Islands adjacent thereto.

“(4) By providing thaf the settlement
of purely American questions shall be
remitted primarily to the Amerioan na-
tions, and that Burbpean nations shall
not tntervene unless requested to do so
by * 9 Amertoan nations.

“(5) By -omitting the guaranty of
Article X [which pledges the nations in
the compact ‘to “undertake tO preserve
against external aggression the territorial
integrity and existing political inde~
pen

  

the | hajl be constituted a man-
datory. {t8 consent,.4nd to Zuro-
pean or Potrer shall be consti-

tuted a mandatory of any American peo-
ple. Da
“(7) BY. providing that any member
of the league may withdraw at ite pleas-
ure on specitied notice.”

Neon-Partisan Treatment.

‘Throughout his address
treated bject without
He seem to be putting the
“Does the constitution of the’
its presént form Ameri ;
answering, “It doen ages The desired
amendments would et fhe
sound international order; they 4
make it practicable and lasting. And as
for America;

 
 
  
 

++

 

——____—__—_—

1U. 8. IS OPPOSED
TOWARONREDS
UNLESS FORCED

Delegates to Peace Confer-
| ence See No Immedi-
ate Peril.

|

  
   
   
         
       
       
     
     
            

 

Germans Pick Military
Envoys to Conference

By the Associated Prose.
BERLIN, — 26.—The ae

man military representation
tothe Peace Conference will be
made up as follows:

Gen. von Hammerstein, hither-
to. mili . President of the
Armistice Commission; Major von
Boeck, a former General Staff of-
ficer in the ex-Crown Prince's
army group; Lieut.-Col. von
Aylander of the Bavarian Gen-
eral Staff; Major Boettcher of

e@ Saxon General Staff, and
Com Geyer of Wurttemberg.

he mission will be under the
control of Gen. von Wrisberg of
the Prussian War Ministry.

 

 

America to Fight to Pro-
tect Its Loans.

 

In Meantime Parley Considers
Situation and the Spread
of Bolshevism.

 

 

Special Wireless Deepatoh to Tus Son.

2 BOLSHEVISTS
IN LEGISLATURE, ws:sisrorc cea

, 0% war. The world does not want to
;make war upon Bolshevism unless
' Bolshevism forces the world into a de-
| fensive war. That is not only an ex-
| pression of the general sentiment here
; but it is a direct expression of the
| Views of the best informed soldiers and
ELECTED AS SOCIALISTS others in the American Peace Commis-
sion. \They are almost unanimous
against the wisdom of a general of-
fensive against Bolshevism at this
time. -

 

Assemblymen Claessens and
Solomon Court Inquiry
by That Body.

 

 

Lower House Adopts Senate |

eso 0
R lution Providing for It is admitted that Bolshevism is grow-

Investigation. ing stronger daily. It is not yet close
‘ conianiibiaimeniainkinsinees ‘enough to Western Burope, but if the
! creep of the tidé continues without
Special Despatch to Tue Scy. !
ALBANY, March 26.—Two Bolshevists | t¥*": close enough to effect a direct
sit as members of the-New York State | oh iets Meet oo setuton,
Assembly, and the legislative commit- | bs ee) ee eee oe hey
tee that is to investigate the spread of | the only course left would be.to fight it
this propaganda and devise a check for 1 eer cerenae.
it ooo ‘Tae up the. challenge ene of | The United States might be forced
them made’ to-day and . investighte ‘into, that fight, if only to protect the
then Abet ¥ | billions the Allies owe us. But a new

| general offensive at this time against

The Assembly adopted to-day the | Bolshevism involves such risks and re-
Walters resolution approved by the!
Senate last week appropriating $80,- | her representatives here are frankly
000 for the Bolsheviki investigating trying to avoid it.
committee, and {t was during the de-}
bate in the lower house that Assem-| Woald Be Heavy Toll on U. S.
blyman C. Solomon, Socialist, said: { Practically all of the costs of such
ee et gia nd want to investigate | an offensive would fall upon the United

vier, why waste your time and | states. The United Stetés would have

two Bolshevists in this ghamber. Claes- néthe-
sens (the other Socialist from Wew and qil of the menaee a

York) and myself. I¢ you will get to- | neither would be light. The Allies are
gether and {nvite Clacssens and myself |in no condition to bear their propor-
to appear before you we will tell you | tionate share in such an enterprise.
all you could possibly gathér as a ré- |
sult of any investigation you may un- {ple at home are not willing to make the
dertake under this resolution.” | nece@sary sacrifices unless convinced
In response to questions as to the use | they are urgently riceded for the good of
of fotce and whether or not he approved | the United States. Of this the President
of its use to bring about the downfall | believes the American people are not
of what he called the ‘capitalistic gov-jconvinced. Information reaching the
ernment,” Assemblyman Solomon sald; | Peace Commission convinces it that the
“I deny that I do not believe in force.” | people at home do not yet see Bolshevism
a jas a pert] that can directly menace them,
Tempers His Admission. (or that !t is a peril that can be avoided
After the session Mr. Solomon ‘went | DY Sending the army to Russia.
over to the stenographers desk and| This does not mean that the Bolshevik
tried to soften his statements by in-, Peril is not recognized here. It again
serting the words “what 1s loosely called” | formed the subject of an extended dis-

“We can give counse! and afford sub- | perore the word “force” and tempered leussion with Marshal Foch to-day. But

stantial assistance without imperilling
pur safety. We are hot likely to ignore
our duty to civilization, e@ we seek
to maintain the int ~of our own
home. We wetit forth to it for liberty,
not because we had grown less ardent
in thé love of our own country, but be-
chuse we were ingpired by devotion to
our own institutions.

“It wae not the red flag, but the Stars
and Stripes for which we fought. And
if we lose that love of country which
transcends all‘ else and makes us will-
ing to die to preserve our country, then
shall wé lose the capacity and the de-
sire to aid in protecting the Mberties of
others.”

He was spécifically emphatic tn de-
claring his belief that the territorial
guaranty of Article 10 was “a trouble
maker and not a peacemaker,” in his
insistence on specific affirmation of the
Monhtoe Doctrine in thé covenant and in
saying the covenant gave no positive as-
surance against war.

“Tt ig idle to say that the covenant in
its present form adequately safeguards
our traditional policy,” he declared in
discussing the Monroe ctrine. “In this
vital matter there.is no reason why we
should trust to equivocal clauses or
vague assurances. If our policy is not
respected, now is the time to know this
important fact. If {t-is, respected let it
be safeguarded appropriately.”

Many Members Ave Present,,

A short time ago the former Justice of
the United States Bupreme Court prom-
{sea the County Lawyers’ Association
that he would have sométhing to say
about the proposed covenant for a

League of Nations when he had had time |

to consider it carefully. It was by request
of the executive commitee of the Union
Teague Club, of which hé is president,
that he spoke in the assembly room of
the club yesterday, + ‘His audience was
all the members and’ their guests that
the room would, bald and an overflow
in an adjoinieg room. As the meeting
41a not, start until 5:80 x .M., jhe, had
made up his mind not td’ keep the com-
pany more than an hour. To-do this he
read an address of.about 10,000 words
in exactly eixty minutes, despite the
fact that he wae frequently interrupted
by enthusiastic hant @pping, which he
tried to discourage. It wae one of the
briskest epeaking sessions New York has
known, wong. pet ® .

This was his first ‘thought: “I speak
frém the standpoint pf.one who is ear-
nestly desirous that institutions of inter-
national justice shall be- established and
that, without the sacrifice of our essen-
tial national interests, wa shall co-oper-
até in a society of nations to promote
lasting peace under & reign of law.

“We are not dealing with an‘ aspira-
tion, but with a document. The question
is not whether an aspiration needs a
Jocurnent but whether the document will
gives effect to the aspiration. We are

—_———
Continued on Sgpenth Page.
a eee
MI-CAREME—AT THE rLAzAa

eo in the Rese Room from
a0 Serdt Oras ip the Grill from 11:08
e'clo

 

 

his admission that he and Claessens are |the Americans are making every effort
Bolsheviki by inserting the words “so-
called” before the term. thing but a defensive fight.

In discussing the Bolshevik! investi- |
gation, J. Henry Walters, Republican |
leader of the Senate, who introduced |

the resolution, said to-night that a for- | 4
mer Court of Appeals Judge has been | States participated in any but a purely

asked to be counsel to the committee, | defensive war against the Bolsheviki it
and it is believed that he referred to | would become involved in an enormous
Nathan Miller of Syracuse. task of mantfold difficulties and endless
There was a long debate in the As-| complications.
sembly before the resolution was: ajiies might wish to help it is a grave
adopted and ten men voted against it.! question as to how many troops and
including the two Socialists. The others|how much material they could contrib-
were all Democrats—C. C. Johnson,/ute. If American soldiers, many of
Leninger, Lyons, McCae, McLaughlin,; whom went through the
Mullen, O'Hare and Schwab. |

‘

Little Help From Allies,
Every .one agrees that if the ‘United

shevist” the resolution contemplates in-|not only danger and hardslrip, but the

throw this Government.” \¢feat, For the most part they have had
“any man who will start a system/enough. If it were a question of fight-
which aims to undermine the Govern-|ing the Germans again the old hatred

ished,” added Mr. Adler. j slans practically none entertain a feel-
jing of enmity and few even hold for

| them any sympathy.
{| American military men have not a
Free admission that the Bolshevists | goupt that the best force in Europe

believe in getting thelr ends by the use| to-day for a fight against Bolshevism or
of force came from Mr, Claessens, but he

Claessens Gives His Views,

 

against any army in Europe, ts the
said his views are those of the Menshe-| american Army of Occupation. Gen.
viki or minority of the Bolsheviks, Pershing has just inspected this force

“We Balie-aaan the reconstruction of!on the Rhine. He found the morale
society and the change from comipetitive | never finer, their*discipliae sptundid and
capitalistic industry to the co-operative! their equipment excellent.
commonwealth by peaceable means and
by the use of the ballot and by progress
in the organization of labor.

“The Bolshevist says there is no use| They are ready for anything one of-
of appealing to the men who are elected | icer said, They could undoubtedly beat
to the parliaments of the world be- | the Bolsheviki. But they are not in-
cause they bécome too much a part of; Vulnerable; somé of them would be
it; parliamentary action is too slow. It| killed, others would be maimed,

{s only by direct action we can accom-| The United States would have ‘to
plish the overthrow of the capitalist.” | finance the whole campaign, as the Allies

Later he admitted he is beginning to| have little money for sucha purpose,
lose his “enthusiasm’’ for an orderly even if the allied peoples would sanction
change in the Government. {ts expenditure under present conditions,

Mr. Solomon in reply to a question! That would mean more loans, more tax-
as to what he thinks Bolehevism means! @tion and more privation for the ‘people
said it is “just a current way of desig- | at home. (ca eae i
nating universal social unrest.’’ ' From the military paint of view the

Assemblyman Fertig of New York pacification of Russia presefits every dif-
asked !f Mr. Solomon and hig comrade , figulty Mexico presented magnified many
are wiHing to overthrow organized goy- | times over.
ernment by any means, force or other-| Military authorities refuse even to es-
wise, and Mr. Solomon's answer was, timate the time it would také to pacify
that “my colleagué and I are members the country. It is 4 time that's thought
of this chamber and employing duly of in years, however, rather than in
constituted legal means within const!- months.
tutional limits.” Considering all these factors, espe-

Afterward he denied that he was/ctally the uncertainty of the amount of
against the use of force for bringing‘ help the Allies could be counted upon
about the changes he desires.

U. 8. Force Ready for Anything.

a

i{nto an offensive campaign against Bol-
shevism would be a step Involving results
of the greatest gravity,

President Wilson does not believe him-
self justified in taking it, so far.as the

 

Two N. Y. Aviators Killed.

ArcapiA, Fila.. March %6.-—-Lieuts.
Burne of Indianapolis and Mathews of

Ithaca, N. Y., were killed at Caristrom American troops in France are cog-
Field to-day when an airplane in which/|.cerned. Though they are citizen, s@-

diera, he is represented as thinking th. y
are soldiers and they obey orders. Jivt
their obedience to such an order wou .)
lack all the splendid entiuslasm of they
{fight against Germany, Thus far they
jee not see the need of it

they were flying feil from a height or
{1,500 feet. The cause of the accident [x
unknown,

 

 

- Remember VENUS PENCILS.
Remember VENUS PENCILS, — Ado,

as v4 ae

ton
| U.'S. Ship at Hamburg
|

| WORLD BATTLE WEARY

PEOPLE AGAINST MOVE! KAROLYI’S FATE IN DOUBT

 

| sponsibilities for the United States that |

President Wilson believes that the peo- |

}to discourage the idea of fighting any-|

No matter how much the!

hardships of,
only a few months of victorious fighting, |

Republican Leader Adler said that | want to go home, how much more so do}
while the resolution did no§ define “Bol- | these others who have-endured for years |

vestigation of any one “working to over-| fluctuating fortunes of victory and de-|

ment {s a traitor and should be pun-/| might act as a spur, but toward the Rus- |

!to furnish, for the United States to enter,

 

 

with Food for Germany

BERLIN, March 24 (delayed).

| By the Aesociated Press.

—The American ss
West Carnifax, corer ine 6,00
tons of flour and 1,600 tons of
other foodstuffs, has arrived. at
Hamburg.

 

‘HUNGARY SEES —

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH $27, 1919.—copyrignt, 1919, dy the Sun Printing and Publishing Association

 

 

 

IT SHINES FOR

 

zy

oe

=.
aa
=
wax
x ~
ae
aes

4
24

  

 
    
    
  

   

yr Bit gees webewe My

ALL

aes

 

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS..

 

GERMAN FATE ~WILSON CHANGING HIS VIEW;

 

 

 

 

STAKEDONRACE MAY DRAFT FINAL TREATY;
BY FOOD SHIPS) DELAYS PEACE FOR WEEKS

ein Cargoes . Pitted

Against Bolshevism to
Save Country.

 

 

‘FRONTIER GAINS coversaneyt IN PERIL

for Neutral Zone Has Re- ©

lieved Tension.

|
|
| POLICE
|

| Ceecho-Slovaks Advancing on|

Budapest From Raab,
| Berlin Says.
|
|

|

 

Lonpon, March 26.—Despatches from |
| Hungary to-day continued to reflect |

the seriousness of the situation there, |
although some of the reports indicated
that tension had relaxed slightly and
the possibility of a clash between the
| Soviet republic, reinforced by the Rus-
| Sian Bolsheviki, appeared less probable.
|The despatches, coming from widely
| separated sections of Europe, carried
{many contradictions.

Perhaps the most hopeful of the
day’s despatches was one from Buda-
pest quoting the Hungarian Govern-
ment to the effect that it had received
a written communication from the
allied mission there that the line of
demarcation laid down in an earlier
; ultimatum should not be regarded as)
| the political frontier of Hungary. The |
| question of frontiers was the pretext |
for the overthrow of the Government |
|and the declaration of Bolshevism. and!
/ alliance with the Soviets of Russia.

|

 

Seek to Prevent Clashes.

The new decision, according to the!

Budapest despatch, which comes!
| through Copenhagen, says that there |
Will be established a neutral zone to|
prevent collisions between the Hunga- |
rian and the Rumanian troops. These |
frequent clashes in the past also have |
been a source of discontent and also/|
|are partly responsible for the over- |
throw of the Hungarian Government. |
| Another despatch which gave cause)

for optimism was one thet gli the mem-
bers of the allied military missions, !
| With the exception of one American |
| officer, had ieft Budapest. This reper
' was forwarded from Copenhagen, quot-
ing a Vienna despatch to the Abendpoet
in Berlin.
| Col. Vix, head of the French mission
| in Budapest, who was reported a pris-
| oner in yesterday's despatches, has been
| wounded and taken prisoner by the new
| Hungarian Government, according to a
) despatch to Prague and transmitted to
London through Bern. Major Freeman
of the Britieh army has escaped, the
same despatch says.
\ (The Staté Department in Washing-
| ton yesterday announced that Prof.
| Phillip Brown and Capt. Nicholas Roose-
| velt, American members of the Inter-:
| allied Mission in Budapest, had suc-
| ceeded in leaving tne Hungarian capital |
‘in safety.]

The fate of Count Karolyl, who re-
signed as president of the Hungarian
Government, is !n doubt. An uncon-,
firmed rumor from Bern early in the
day said that he had been assassinated,
but a later despatch to the National;
Tidende of Copenhagen said that he
had been arrested and would be brought
before the revolutionary tribunal for
trial.

The cause for the arrest of Dr. Alex-
ander Wekerle, the former Premier of
Hungary, was an attempt to Introduce
socialization measures in a form enab-
| ing him to dispose of his heavily mort-
gaged estates on favorable terms, ac-
cording to a Budapest despatch to the
Deutsche Volksblatt in Vienna.

Apparently Czecho-Slovak troops are
marching on Budapest, a Herlin des-
patch asserting that communication be-
; tween Budapest and Vienna had been
interrupted through the capture by the
| Czecho-Slovaka of the town of Raab, on

|

|
i

; the Danube about midway between the
}two cities, Large Hungarian cannon
| factories are situated in Raab.

Caechs Under Martial Law,

| A report from Pressburg, Hungary,
via Vienna, says that martial law has}
been proclaimed throurhout Czecho- ,
Slovakia as a result of the uprising in |
| Hungary.

; The Vienna Reichapos! prints a des-
}patch from Budapest that the Allied
troops, occupying Arad and Szegedin, on
tho Maros and Thiess rivers, respective- |
‘ly, had Seen withdrawn At the same
| time Copenhagen heard that the Frené¢h
j troops in Budapest had not been dis- |
| armed as previously reported. ‘This in- |
formation was based on a wireless from
{the Hungarian capital, and quoted the|
‘Genial of the early report by the com- |!
'mander of the French forces. |

The French Foreign Office, Paris ad-
vises, has been informed that one of the
first acts of the new Hungarian Govern- |
ment was to release the Russian Red |
Cross delegation which had been im-!
prisoned in Budapest because it had
| been circulating Bolshevik propaganda

A despatch from Pressburg announces
the arrival there of a Czecho-Slovak mis-
sion from Budapest. Al! the members of
,the mission were arrested on Mareh 21 '
and all their documents and money were
eeized. Finalit they were allowed to
| leave the next day, but were searched at
the frontier. Valuables to the amount
of more than $250,000 were taken from
them,

A Budapest report, coming through
Copenhagen, says that the Hungarian |
National Council, on the motion of its
| President, has been dissolved. The new
‘Hungarian Government's edict establiah-
‘(ng revolutionary courts says that each!

'
}

;must consist of a President and two!
sembers, while the prosecutor wi!! he
{appointed By the Government. It te pro-
vided that the de#th sentence must be
‘py the unanimous decision of the cous:
No appeals or request for merey wit!l }
OT aitted ary t > se¢eutor o”* th ‘ it.
(gentence must be cured ot immed).
j ately. |
Zi
A
* $s 2 reed ip ate fieetian 3

‘ communistic

 

to Fright Over Inroads by
Trotzky’s Followers.

 

 

$12.50 in Money Oan Be
Taken Out by Traveller.

a

 

By KARL H. ven WIEGAND.
Sta Correspondent of Tur &vw.
Copyright, 1919; all righte reserved.

Tae Haaurt, March 26.—Indications
are that the next fourteen days
be a crucial period for Germany,
haps the most serious crisis faced by
the present Socialist-Democratic Gov-
ernment, which is artificially held to-
gether. Even if there be no outward
manifestation of changes in the com-
Plexion of the Government the patho-
logical state of the national mind will
have progressed so far within the fort-
night as to be decisive as to whether
Germany can withstand the march of
Bolshevism.

Since the happenings in Hungary
the forces of Bolshevism literally have

| been beating in the public mind against

the principles of the new democracy
with a power that far distant America
cannot appreciate, while on the other
hand there is the long suspense and
uncertainty as to the peace terms.
Between the two there fs the lack of
food, which gradually weakens the re
sistance of the mind.

MUCH IMPROVED) WORK

}

SHOW TIMIDITY |

 

Turn for Better, Says Lon-
don “Times” Editor.

 

POWER I8 CENTRALIZED |RHINE ISSUE PUZZLING,

 

ON PEACE!

DUE
: . | | situation at Paris Has Taken | Drafting of Pact Well rie
Condition Might Arise for| Reported Assurance of Allies! Situation in Hungary Adds|

 

Serious Difference Arises in
Council and President |
Reported Giving In.

 

TO NEW: CRISES

Way—Reparation Stum- | Lloyd George and Clemen-

bling Block.

| President Wilson and Three | League of Nations Covenant
Few Leaving Country—Only! Premiers Now Rushing Pact |

: to Completion. ,

By WF. WICKHAM STEED,
Editor of the London Times. |

‘Being Almost Wholly
Rewritten.

Paris, March 26.—The meeting of
the League of Nations Commission of

| Special Cable Despatch to Tas Bux from the \the Peace Conference which was fixed

will) within the Peace Conference has taken
per-/ a distinct turn for the better in the last

London Times Service.
Copyright, 1919; all righte reserved.
Paris, March 26.—The astituation

two days. The realization after the
pitiful proceedings of the Council of
Ten last Wednesday and Friday that
“something must be done” has led to|
adoption of a method -of procedure |
which should quickly yield more posi-
tive results than hitherto followed.
But tiiere is a public and outside sit-

 

for 3 o'clock this afternoon was post-
poned, by a decision reached this
morning, until to-night. This action
was taken to permit of an uninter-
rupted day’s sitting by President Wil-
son and Premiers Lloyd George, Clem-
enceau and Orlando, in an effort to ex-
pedite the framing of the peace treaty.

The differences of opinion which
have developed since the return of Mr.

Wilson to Paris are being considered | woyld mean

fully and frankly and a determined
effort is being miade in the interest of

{uation in regard to the conference|/an early peace to reach an agreement
| which cannot be altogether dissevered

|

 

from its inside situation. A glance at
the Paris press shows the public situ- |
ation is by no means. satisfactory, and}
in point of fact, it never has been quite |

on broad lines.

To Smooth Difficulties.

The President and the Premiers held
their first gathering yesterday. This
super-council, it is expected, will smooth

!

'

 

 

 

|

| when

|
|

ceau Now Said to Oppose
Preliminary Treaty. |

 

CONSTERNATION IN PARIS

 

Failure to Bind Germany Now

Likely to Prove Serious if
She Refuses Later.

 

By LAURENCE HILLS.
Staff Correspondent of Tas Sun “3
Copyright, 1919; all righte reecrved.
Parts, March 26.—Information vel-
unteered in an authoritative Amert-
can quarter that President Wilson
might agree to abandon the plan for
a preliminary peace treaty with Ger-
many only and consent to one embrar-
ing all the belligerents, although this
the postponement of
peace for a month or two, has fallen
like a bombshel] here and may mark
the culmination of the situation, the
gravity of which began to appear
the President returned here
and has grown steadily worse as the
differences among the Allies have be-

satisfactory, owing to the failure Of| over many of the difficulties facing the come emphasized,
| the conference leaders to understand/ Supreme Council.

the.valuo of publicity.

Thanks in part to vigorous action by
representatives of the preas at the out-
get the worst consequences of this short-
sighted attitude were avoided. With
some notable exceptions the arrange-

Just now it is a race between Bol-| ments made for the information of the

shevism on one hand and American
foodships and peace on the other to
decide the fate of Germany.

The situation promises to become
the most acute since the armistice was
signed. Food alone can stéady the
people and the Government under the
shock that the paace terms are cortain
to produce. Realizing this, the Gov-
ernment is exerting itself to the ut-

most to gét the first cartio@fof food |

from Holland across thé border as 4
concrete symbo! for the people of help
from America and England.

People Sceptical About Food. '
Almost five months havé elapsed since
the promise of food from outsidé was
made and the public haa#a- become ex-

, tremely sceptical, even suspicious. The

Government knows that further prom-
ises, unless backed up in a materia! way,
will not hold the situation long, but
although the gold demanded from Ger-
many arrived
food is not yet reported to be moving

| toward Germany.

The situation is analagous to a house
on fire whose arrogant owner is 60
hated that
to put it out and deliberate on what fs
the right moment to grant it in order
to insure destruction of the house, for-
getful in the meantime of their own
danger.

|

press have been ‘unintelligent and un-
e@atiefactory. Even thus public interest
and. trust in the conference. perhaps
might have been preserved had the
leaders of the conference understood |
that what their people really desired!
was the news of rapid progress toward |
@ sound peace drawn on big intelligible
Unes, and had (hey deatirrad themaelves
to ride such newe in the only way tn

ich. it could be \provided—by using
évery effort ta make a sound peace ir-
tespective of their personal ambitions or
tender susceptibilities. ‘

Afraid of Pablicity.

But as they have failed progressively |
in this respect, just as they had fatled |
in regard to publicity as their best
friend, and
they gradually got into a, state of mind

| hich, caused them to consider every |
| divulgation of any fact they would fain |

in Rotterdam yesterday | ssiy that has seemed at the time to}

have hidden as a sort of “insult to maj- |
esty.”

The latest illustration of collective;

| overtake the members of the Counctl of,

‘Ten may be mentioned

the neighbors refuse water |
suddenly

Friday evening. after Mr. Lioyd }
George had concluded his time-wasting ;
intervention in the Polish settlement, he

delivered a diatribe against
French newspApers that had;
attitude as,

sunary
been guilty of criticising his

‘a self-constituted authority on Polish |

oan. : \
Bolshevism for a time was a not un-

welcome bogey for use against the vic-
torious Allies, but since the eplaode in
Hungary there is real fright in all
circles, There is unverifiable talk, which
I discredit, that !f the Government de-
cides it cannot sign the terms of peace
it will put into effect plans already made
and retire in favor of the moderate

into the

independents rather than |
;let the governing power fall
| hands of the radical Bolshevistic Sparta- |

cans, especially as Hugo Haase, leader |

of the Independents, has not been con-

| vinced by the Communists, but has gone
| with them merely to retain his hold on
| his own party.

Two Parties Are Far_Apart,
It is significant that the present Yor-

affairs, 1

He practically reproached some per- |
sons present with wilful indiscretion |
and trotted out the bad old threat of |
having the Peace Conference removed
to a neutral country and ended by de- |
manding an official {rfquiry into the|
origin of the indiscretions committed
and some kind of disciplinary measures ,
against the journalists responsible for ;
printing them. |

If there be one question that has been }
publicly thrashed .out in France during
the recent months it is the question of |
Poland. If there has been one question |
which the Council of Ten has steadily |
declined to face in any practical fashion
it has been the question of reenforcing |
Poland against the Bolshevist menace.

If there were questions on which the
decision of the Council of Ten was eag- |
erly awaited—seeing that the expert |
commission on Poland, including distin-

/ guished members of the British delega-

eign Minister, Von Brockdorff-Rantzay, |

and Herr Haase have been in. touch ‘re-
cently with Eduard Bernstein trying

‘hard to find a common ground on which
| both parties can stand, but they are so

far apart that they seem to be separated
by an unbridgeable gulf.

Many hupe, |

however, that the terms imposed by the,

Allies will furnish the bridge.

The Spartacans hope the terms wil! not
be signed by Germany and believe that
will be the signal for action. Many in-
dustrial! chiefs openly declare they would
prefer intervention to Bolshevism. Even
the Reesian Bolsehvists respected many
of the foreign industries, and there ta an
open invitation in Germany to American
capital,

|

|
|
}

|

tion, was unanimous—they were those
of the western frontiers of Poland and |
the transport to Poland of the Polish
divisions still in France.

Bound to Be Known,
“Under thuee circumstances it Wat 1n-
evitable that the cause of the uncxpect-

| ed delay in ‘settling the question should

become immediately known and, being
known, should be publicly announced.

Yet Premier Lloyd George seemed to
imagine that his intervention could be
kept secret and worked himself into a|
fine fury against the French press when
he was undecetved.

In. this sort of

|

thing the delegates

both because it is necessary to!ought. to be less: thin shinned and to
|oulld up the country and for the reasgn'trust to the advice of sober

minded

that It would be protected against selzure|experts {n regard to matters of which |

in the event of communism,

Some foreigners are preparing to take | arid to bend all their energies to a rapid

Continued on Fifth Page.

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
    
 
  
    

 
 
 
   
 
  

Lonesome Yanks Dance
and Smoke on Sun Fund

LETTERS from Germany, -re-

cently arrived, give intimate
news of what is occurring in our
Army of Occupation. March 1
was one big night, described as
a gala with plenty of smokes
from THE SUN Tobacco Fund
and real American girls to dance
with. Read about it on page 9.

WARNING! THE SUN TO.
BACCO FUND has no connection
with an) other fund. organiza-
tion or publicatior t emnloys !
no agents or solicitors,

 

‘

‘has happened. President Wilson on one!

they themselves necessarily are {gnofant

consolidation in the form of a sound
peace treaty of various floating and de-
tached resulta already attained by the}
conference. Fortunatély there is reafton
to hope that these simple truths are
already dawning upon them. One Paris}
journal, whote chief contributor-—a
strong but frank and independent Anglo-
phyle—was among the objects of Lioyd
George's recent censure, complains that
the Council of Ten has “goné to earth”
and intends to pursue !ts deliberations
in entire and uncontrolled secrecy.

This 4s a mistaken reading of what)

hand and me intelligent: members of |

‘the British delegation en the other seem
to have reached simultaneously the same

conclusion, that most of the issues which
have arisen or seera likely to arise vould
be hanaled adbquately by two or three

 
  

able and deterijined me» in a few days. |
Consequantly it wae decided that
I're Wilvon cial three allied |

| French. and American

| Virtually half of Europe.

ee ee ee eae

It is admitted that if this plan

The session yesterday afternoon was! should he followed it !s not probable

held at the French War Office, Late in
the afternoon Marshal Foch and Major-
Gen. Thwaites, representing the British
staff in the place of Gen. Wilson, were
called in.
dent considered advices just received
about the military situation in Russia.

In the absence of official communiques
the public has learned little about the
meetings of tne Premiers and the Presi-
dent, but there is reason to believe that
reparation for war damages was the
first serious problem they sought to
solve. All the data on the British,
ositions on this
question were before them et the first
meeting Tuesday. It is understeod that
the data showed agreement on virtually
all f{patures except the total amount,
which the expérts weré unablé to agrée
upon. Even the textual draft of the
reparation articles of the peace treaty

Tare ready, with a blank space waiting

for the insertion of the amount

tion the Premiers and the President will
consider the remaining main obstacle—

Rhine. With these questions determined
the American delegation believes that a
prompt conclusion of the peace treaty
can be accomplished.

Are Basy on the Draft.

 

|

that there will be any peace treaty
before May at thé earliest, and the
Germans aré not likely to be here

The Premiere and the Presit-| before the middle of that month.

Should they refuse to eign the treaty
nobody knows when peace will come.

Change of View Astounding,

Two days ago the President waa
represented as straining every nerve
to complete the League of Nations
and to’ get Premier Lloyd George ani
Proinier Clemenceau to rush through
a preliminary treaty, the Hungarian
situation betng’recaried as an argu-
ment for the quickest action. Viewer
In the light of a recent letter from
Premier Lloyd George stating that ‘f

}he remained here the treaty would he
After settling. the reparation ques-! fished in two weeks, and of a state.

|

not as an ingidious enemy, | the Franco-German frontier along the!

|
'
'

ment by Col. E. M. House that the
Germans would be here early In Apri!
to sign the document, this proposer
change in plan 1s little short of
astounding.

The only explanation offered. that
while it may delay peace for a while !t

Such an expectation as concluding the | may save time in the end, is tunsatis-

treaty by the end of the present week
is doubtéd owing to the exiensive

; amount of drafting work after the main |

questions are settled tn principle. The

drafters are steadily at work while the] President

super-council {s in session and each step
of progress is followed immediately by
the completion of the articles of the
treaty.

The same proceés is being carried on
with the draft of the covenant of the

| League of Nations, which in addition to

being amended wi!l be rewritten, so as
to combine

of notable state documents.

|

{

clearness with the dignity,

The Russian situation, particularly in;

relation
Hungary,
conference, and it was understood that
boundary questiong would also be
taken up,

During the day the Hungarian revolt

to the political upheaval

in}
was considered at yesterday's |

and its effect in bringing Bolshevism into |

Central Europe was also, without doubt,
examined, as experts had prepared a
huge map showing the vast extent of

Bolshevik authority, which now embraces |

On this map

heavy red lines mark the outer limits of |

Bolshevik
showing
westward
The Premiers aiso had access to
ports showing the extent of disorder in
all sections of eastern Europe. including

authority,
the main

with red

private reports of a grave character con- !

arrows |
avenucs of advance,

ree |

cerning regions in the southeastern part |

of the continent and around Odessa

lie

It was learned to-dev that
erpment had opened an inquiry into the
manner in which the Frencti presse Sf

been enabled to keep so closely in touch

‘with the doings of the Supreme Counc!!

GERMAN MOB LOOTS

which have not as yet been made pub-;

|
the Gov-

PALACE OF A DUKE
Arigered by Sales to Dealers

Instead of to Soldiers.

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Scw from the |

London Times Service
Copyright, 19; all rights reserved.
Beruin, (March 26
Grand Duke of Eise-
nach was stormed and looted by a mob
The Grand Duke had given

Saxe-Weimar in

on Monday.

~The palace of the!

permission for the furniture of the
palace to be sold at moderage prices to!
need) soldiers, especially the war
wounded, Herr Hirs, the = so-called

people's appointee, proceeded to sell the
valuable furniture at ridiculous prices
not to the people indicated but to dealers
and all sorts of people

A crowd of war veterans and others
who attended the proceedings became
infuriated at Hire's methods and at-
tacked him and his sem!-Spartacan sup-
porters
thrashing they forced their way past the
guards into the. palace, which waa com-
pletely looted

The furniture taken away
mostly to the suite originally
by) lrincezs Helen of Orleans

belonged
Ovcupied

|
i

|
|
|

When they had given them al

'

}

|

factory. If adopted it means that
every plan that the statesmen of the
Allies here had a month ago when the

was in Washington has
fallen through.
At that time detaile were being

shaped rapidly for a preliminary peace
treaty, but the Wilson ultimatum that
it must contain the covenant of the
League of Nations was the beginning
of the crisis, which was followed by
the Hungarian revolution and culmi-
nated in a meeting yestegday of Presi-
dent Wilson, Premier Orlando, Pre-
mier Lloyd George and Premier Cle-
menceau, at which, it {s understood,
sharp words were spoken and the im-
possibility of reaching any agreement
rermitting a speedy preliminary peace
treaty was demonstrated.

How Sitaation Stands. :
The following facts appear clear:

1. Prior to President Wilson's re-
turn, Premiér Lloyd George and .
Premier Clemenceau were in agree-
ment with Col. House to have either
© new armistice embodying Marshal ‘
Foch's military terms and compel-
ling the disarmament of Germany,
or apreliminary peace treaty affect-
ing Germany only, to embrace the
new boundaries and the economie
and military terms

2. The President refused abse-
inte beh appre oc arm istaee ae
posal and then insisted on a pre
liminary treaty which should con-
tain the complete covenant of the
League of Nations

3. While Lord Robert Ceci! and
Andre Tardieu, the British and
French proponents of the league,

seemingly gave in to President Wu-
ron on behalf of their respective
ehiefs, it is certain that Premier
Lloyd George and possibly Premier
Clemenceay did not approve eme
tirely the Wilson programme.

4. Differences developed steadily ,

and increased, compelling the aban-
deonment of the Counct of Ten and
forcing the meeting of the “Big
Four” in a private room in order to
shut off all publicity. This resulted
in an uproar in the lrench newse-
papers und a statement from

French officials that they were not
Termitted to continue the discussion
of these matters, and intimating
that the objections cam: from
American and British sources

56. The Polish question further
emphasized the differences when
Premier Lioyd George flatly refused
to accept the report of the Polish
Commission, to which the others
had agreed, and was criticised jn
the French dress tor-bolding upebhe
plan, for which he wa harply te
rated by Vremier Clemenceat

6 In the midst of thie sociation

:

ee

esas mt Aes.

 

De anaes

}
F
¥
|
14