Ss esarets=- Sos

a

weerrre-re

 

 

———

“VoL. LXVIIL—NO. 1.

 

DEATH LIST GROWS,

|

Between 1,000 and 38,000
Lives Lost at Galveston.

—_—_—

HUNDREDS OF BODIES FOUND.

 

A Large Part of the City De-
stroyed—Its People in Need.

 

Relief Expeditions Unable to Reach Galveston
Only Guesses So Par at the Loss of Life
There and in the Surrounding Cities-The
Water Three Feet Deep at the Highest

Point of the City—Bardly a House Lote

Babitable- The Inhabitants in Great Need
and Medicines

ef Food, Fresh Water

Southern Pacific Wharf
Property

Improvements

Swept Awoy The Loss Will

Amount to Millions—Gov. Sayers Calls for

Ald and Recetves Quick Responses—Hetty

Safe-Many Small Towns

Green's Son
Destroyed or Injared by the Hurricane,

Tex., Sept. 10—The tempest
which swept Galveston
country of Texas on Sa
night, is probably
the century.

Hovston,
and flood,
and the coast
urday and Saturday
the greatest disaster of
The dead of Galveston will number @ thousand,
the pumber of dead in the coast country will
not be known for several day@, or it may bea
week, but as each small town ts heard from
the story {8 of three dead, five dead, ten dead,
fifteen dead, and so on. The settlements far
from the more easily reached towns are as vet
inaccessible.

The loss fs tnealoulable. Gal
geston is practically in ruins, I was com
miadioned by the Mayor and Citizens’ Committee
to get to where I could communicate with the
outside world, and after telling of the disaster
to ask the people in the charity of their sympa-
thetic hearts to do allin their power to succor
the survivors The State of Texas will act
through Gov. Sayers, but the disaster is so
appalling and the money loss so great that the
aid of the people of all the Union may be needed,

over

pror erty

THOUSANDS OF HOUSFS DESTROYED.

It is estimated that between four and five
thousand buildings in Galveston have been
destroyed Of those that stand many will
have to be torn down as & matter of safety,
To bury the dead willbe a task of several days.

The whole south side of the city from end to
end was stripped of every vestige of habitation
from the shore line to a point 1,000 feet north,
Few, if any, buildings escaped injury. The
dead from the graves were washed up and cast
out upon the waters and the shore of the bay is
littered with corpses, while eight ocean steam-
ers and many «mall craft were torn from their
moorings and lie stranded miles away from the
city. It will be a month, perhaps, before a
train can reach Galveston and all communica-
tion will have to be by boat

THE HURRICANE'S PURY.

The wreck of Galveston was brought about
by a tempest so terrible that no words can
adequately describe its intensity, and by a flood
which turned the city into a raging sea. The
Weather Bureau records show that the wind
had a velocity of eighty-four miles an hour
then the wind-measuring instrument blew
away, it ls impossible to tell what was the max!-
mum. .

The storm began at 2 o'clock on Saturday
morning Previous to that a great storm had
been raging in the Gulf and the tide was very
high The wind at firet came from the north,
and was in direct opposition to the gale from
the Gulf While the storm in the Gulf piled
the water upon the beach side of the city the
Qorth wind piled the water from the bay on
the bay part of the city

About noon it became evident that the city
waa going to be visited with disaster. Hun
drwis of residences along the beach front were
hurriedly abandoned, and the families fled to
dwellings in the higher portions of the city.
Every home was opened to the refugees, black
or white. The wind was rising constantly and
It rained in torrante The wind was so fierce
that the rain cut Ifke a knife.

THE CITY SUBMERGED.

ck the waters of the bay and Gulf
met and by dark the entire city was submerged.
The flooding of the electric Heht and gas plants
left the city in darkness. To go upon the
Streete was to court death. The wind was
then at evcionio height. Roofs, cisterns, por-
fons of buildings, telegraph poles and walls
Were falling, and the noise of the wind and the
crashing of falling buildings was terrifying.

The wind and the waters rose steadily from
dark wy

By 8 o'

"i145 on Sunday morning

During ail this time the people Of Galveston
Wars a rat r
Fy" i usin traps. The highest portion
ae eclty was four or five feet under water,
o ein the great majority of cases the streets

r ibmerged to a depth of ten feet. To
eave a house was to drown. To remain was
© court death in the wreckage

A NIGHT OF AGONY,

Such a nw
, ac , neht of agony was possibly never
“VUMeEd by people of ‘

apparent re inodern times. Without
subside Ne “oh the water suddenly bewan to
it hea “145 4 M. Within twenty minutes
the a He down two feet, and before daylight

oe Were practically freed of the flood

Water

THOUSANDS OF LIVES LOST.

At venta
“tme Part of Galveston Destroved—Gor,
Sayers's Retlet Work.
4 STIN Tex

N was had ¢

Sept. 10.—Direct communica-

with people residing
sal = on the 5 inland not far from Gal-

-dav

Reine ViTh refugees whe had just reached
Btrickey ins of boats from the storm. |
Geli: ‘hone of them could give any
by o — of the destruction wrought

Surricane and the mountains

 

 

of water from the Gulf nor could they give
any accurate estimate of the number of lives
lost in the disaster. All that is known certainly
at this time is that a large part of the city has
been completely destroyed and that scores of
bodies have already been recovered from the
beach on the mainland, where they were swept
by the tide, and that many other bodies are
to be seen floating in the waters of the bay.

No record even has been kept of the number
of bodies recovered. The rescuing parties
are operating at widely scattered points along
the beach and are taking charge of the bodies
independently of one another until the work
has progressed further. It t reported that
at one point more than two hundred hodies
of women and children were recovered.

Telegrams to Gov. Sayers from persons who
have just reached the mainland from Galveston
catimate the total loss of life at from 1,000 to
8,000 persons. The city presente a desolated
appearance. There is hardly a house in the
town that is habitable. Many large manu-
facturing structures and scores of handsome
reeidences went down under the foroe of the
storm. The great wharf improvements under-
taken by the Southern Pacific, which were the
pride of the late C. P. Huntington, were swept
away and the loss will reach an immense sum.
The total loes of property in Galveston and on
Galveston Isiand will reach into the millions
The railroads entering (ialveston suffered
severely.

MBASURES FOR RELIRF.

Immediately upon being informed of the
situation at Galveston this morning Gov,
ayers took steps to afford relief to the destitute
people. He issued an appeal by wire to the
Mayors of towns and cities and to county Judges
throughout the State calling upon them to
raise money, food and clothing for the s:ifferers.
This appeal has already been responded to
Uberally and it is thought that the wante of
the destitute will soon be relieved.

According to instructions from the Seore
tary of War, 50,000 rations and 1,000 tents will
be shipped from Fort Sam Houston to Galves-
ton to-morrow If necessary, boats will be
provided to remove the refugees from Calves
ton Island to the mainland, where they will be
more accessible and will have better attention,

Telegrams of sympathy were received by
Gov. Sayers from people in all parts of the
State and country, and offers of help were
freely made, In less than forty minutes five
carloads of provisions were contributed for
the sufferers by the people of Dallas, The
citizens of Sherman contributed more than
$1,000, and in Waco $500 was raised in a few
minutes, All the money was forwarded to
Gov. Sayers, and he in turn sent it to the relief
Committees.

The following telegram from Gov. Charles
8. Thomas of Colorado was received:

“The people of Colorado extend to the be
reaved and unfortunate people of Galveston
their sinceresympathy. In the matter of aid and
assistance we are at your command.”

Mayor S. H. Brashear of Houston telegraphed
that help should come quickly as the worst is
to be expected from Galveston Adjutant-
General Thomas Sourry went to Houston this
morning by direction of Gov. Sayers and made
a futile effort to reach Galveston to-day. He
telegraphed the Governor as follows:

GALVESTON'S DEPLORABLE STATS.

“Conditions at Galveston deplorable. Water
three feet tn Tremont Hotel, highest point in
city, and six feet on Market street. Small
houses nearly demolished. Poor people crying
for food, The Tremont Hotel ts crowded
with people who bad no food nor water since
yesterday. Every house in Galveston is dam-
aged. Relief is needed in both food and water,
No communications can be had with Galveston.”

The telegraph offices throughout the State
are deluged with messages for people at Gak
veston sent by friends and relatives anxious
as to their safety. These messages are being
transmitted to Houston from which place they
will be forwarded to Galveston as soon as com-
munication is opened with that alty.

THOUSANDS MAY HAVE PERISHED.

Gov. Sayers to-day received a telegram from
Henry Spillane, who had just reached Houston
from Galveston by boat, stating that the
loss of life in Galveston was in the
hundreds already and might reach sev-
eral thousands All the south side of the city
for three blocks In is completely destroyed.
Millions of dollara’ worth of property on the
water front is wrecked. o

The Government works at Fort San Jacinto
are gone and it is reported that many
soldiers were drowned while engaged in
rescuing women and children, There is hardly
a habitable house or business block in the city.

Efforte to get relief to the storm-swept island
were made throughout the day yesterday,
but all proved futile. A relief train on the
Gulf, Colorado and Sante Fé line got within
six miles of Virginia Potnt, the station on the
main line nearest to the island. Here the
waters of the bay were lashing the newly formed
beach and on the shore were lying the dead bodies
of victims of the terrible flood in the city of
Galveston,

BEACH STREWN WITH BODIES.

A despatch was received here last night
stating that over 200 bodies were counted by
this relief expedition and that many of them
were recovered. There were women and
children among them, which fact indicated
that they came from the residence district of
the city. The beach was also strewn with
wreckage, consisting of household furniture,
parte of buildings and dead bodies of domestio
animals. The relief expedition could accom-
plish nothing and had to turn back.

The four bridges across the bay, connecting
the island with the mainland, are gone, and it
will be some time after the water subsides be
fore communication, except by boat, can be
had with the wrecked city.

RELIEF EXPEDITIONS.

At daylight this morning, many relief ex-
peditions were to set out with a view of getting
to the island and rendering such aid as might
be possible to the sufferers. Search was also
begun all along the beach, on the mainland,
for the bodles as they washed ashore, and
proyision was made for holding these for
identification and burial

It had been long predicted that Galveston
would suffer severely from overflow from the
sea. The fact that the town of Indianola,
on the Texas coast, was completely washed
away and several hundred persons drowned
in 1886 had caused many to believe that a
similar fate might come to Galveston. There
have been many severe storms on the coast
before this, however, and they did so little
damage that the residents of Galveston no
longer feared them

VIOLENCE OP THE STORM

fre present storm lasted much longer
and was of a more severe character than any
storm o! previous years. Beginning late
on: Saturday. it fled the island with water
in an ineredibly short space of time, and kept
piling it up until the whole city was inundated
Added to this flood was a terrific hurricane
that literally swept buildings off their founda-
tions

As the storm gathered in force, thousands
of the inhabitants left their city homes and
gathered on the highest point of the Island,
where they were huddled together like sheep
all through the night and during the greater
part of the day. Many persons were so fortu-

 

Faster Than Ever to California.

The “Overland Limited" leaves Chicago 6:30 P. M.
Northwestern

dally Chicago, Unton Pacifie and
Line arrives San Francisco £15 P. M. third day
Drawing room sleeping cars without change; buffet,

brary ear (with barber). All meals a la carte
Tickeis and Information at Chicago and Northwest
ern office, 461 Broadway —Ado.

 

NEW YORK, TUESDAY,

 

 

 

 

* nate as to be able to get into the business portion
| of the ality and seek refuge in the more sub-
stantial buildings there.

BSTIMATHS OF LOSSES

Information from coast pointe and Interior
pointes to-day fixes the loss of life and property
as follows:

At Galveston, from 1,000 to 4,000 Hves lost;
lists of the missing are now being made up
by relief committees, but it may be another
day before they are anything like complete.
The loss of property on Galveston Island, In-
chiding the city, will aggregate many millions
of dollars, and nothing like an accurate esti-
mate can be made at this time.

At Texas City many houses were blown down
in the town, and in the adjacent country !t tf
known that &fteen lives were lost in that im
mediate section, and the number will probably
exceed that estimate.

The town of Alvin, which was a prosperous
place of about 2,000 inbabitants, situated fn
the midst of the great fruit country between
Galveston and Houston, was entirely swept
away. Every building in the place is either
razed to the ground or so badly wrecked as to
beuninhabitable. Seven lives were lost here
Thousands of acres of fruit trees were ruined

OTHER TOWNS DAMAGED OR DESTROYED

The little town of Hitchcock was wiped out
of existence, but it is reported that all the in-
habitantsesoaped with their lives. A number
were injured by flying timbers.

The great sugar plantationsin the lower coast
counties were completely wrecked, Sugar re-
fineries costing small fortunes and valuable
plantation buildings were blown down, At
Sugarland the large plantation buildings and
paper millsof Col. Cunningham were destroyed,
and the loss is estimated at $3,000,000, Col.
Ounningham's plantation was one of the largest
and contained some of the finest buildings in
the South.

One-half of the town of Wallar was destroyed,
the total number of houses wrecked at that
place betng seventy-two. The losses at that
place will aggregate $300,000. One person
was killed and several injured by flying
timbers

The town of Rosenberg was partly destroyed
and three persons were killed

The coast city of Seabrooke, which is a pop-
ular resort, was almost destroyed. Three
lives were lost. The inhabitants of this town
saved themselves from the flood by fleeing to
higher land

A report from Quintana says that the town
was destroyed, a number of lives being lost

None of the houses in the little town of Pearl,
in the centre of the coast fruit region, {s stand-
ing No lives were lost

Every building in the town of Alto Loma
was wrecked, but no lives were lost.

In the town of Altair a score of houses were
destroyed

All the houses {n the town of Clodine, a small
station near Houston, were razed to the ground
by the hurricane, but the inhabitants escaped,

MORE LOSS OF LIFE.

Many houses were blown down in Richmond
and severhl lives were lost.

The State normal school for colored children
at Prairie View was damaged to the extent of
probably $20,000, All the buildings were un-
roofed.

At Hempstead, Waco, Elgin, Bastrop, Chap-
pell Hill, Brenham and other places many
buildings were blown down and houses un-
roofed. No casualties are reported

At Morgan's Point several buildings were
destroyed and two lives were lost.

There was great damage to property at Mis-
sourt Clty. Four persons were killed at this
place.

At Bryan many buildings were unroofed
and one person was injured.

The town of Angleton suffered great damage.
Three persons were killed there.

The town of Fulshear felt the full force of
the storm, more than sixty houses being blown
down and one person killed.

At Village Mills in Hardin county much
property was destroyed, but no lives were lost,

Several smal) buildings at Sabine Pass were
washed away.

A number of residences were blown down
at Smithville.

Fast Benard, a thriving town in the midst of
the rice-growing section of east Texas, is wiped
out of existence. Three persons were killed.

Most of the town of Dickinson was destroyed
and six persons were killed.

Many buildings were destroyed at Genoa,
Webster, Clear Cleek, Virginia Point and other
emall places

PATHWAY OF THE STORM.

The Weather Bureaa Notes Its Progress From
the Lesser Antilles,

WasHINGTON, Sept. 10.—Storm Bulletin No. 1
on the West Indian hurricane of Sept. 1-10,
fasued By Chief Moore of the Weather Bureau,
aays:

“Several times during the present summer
there have been indications over the Lesser
Antilles of the possible development of one of
those tropical storms which are the most dread-
ed characteristics of the locality and season,
but it was not until the first day of the present
month that the particular storm under dis-
cussion assumed definite formation and pro-
gressive movement. It ts true that for two
days previous falling pressure and some ab-
norma! movement of the drrus clouds had
given slight premouitory signs of the approach-
ing disturbance, but not more than on many
previous occasions, and two days passed before
the assurance came that a tropical storm was
really in progress

“On the morning of Sept. 1 the storm was
central south of the island of Santo Domingo,
{n about latitude 15 degrees north and longi-
tude 70 degrees west, It moved slowly north-
westward, and by the morning of the 4th it
was apparently central south of the middle
Cuban coast, in about latitude 22 degrees north
and longitude $1 degrees west. Previous to
this time the pressure had been falling stead-
ily but slowly as the centre of disturbance
advanced, but there were simply torrential
rains, without destructive winds, During the
4th, however, the direction changed to a more
northerly course, the pressure began to de
crease more rapidly and the winds to increase
in force, and by the morning of the Sth
the centre had passed over western Cuba to
the channe: between Havana and Key West,
causing high winds over western Cuba and
extreme southern Florida

“At this time it hecame necessary to deter-
mine, if possible, the future course of the storm,
as its centre Was now near the place where a
recurving to the north-nertheastward was
probable. Decreasing pressure over the in-
terior of the country east of the Mississippi
River indicated that a path would be opened
northward along the Atlantic Coast, and warn-
ings and advigory messages to that effect were
accordingly iMkued. At the same time baro-
metric conditions over the Northwest were
such that, with a rapid eastward movement
of the high area then covering that section,
the tropical storm would be forced to continue
in the direction which it then had and proceed
over the Guif of Mexico. To guard against
every possible contingency advisory messages
were also sent to all middie and west Gulf
ports, aiving full information concerning the
movement of the storm centre and its possible
extension to their territory

“On the morning of the 6th the centre was
slightly north of Key West and northeast gales
were general over southern Florida, Jupiter
reporting a velocity of forty-eight nilles por
hour, and Key West one of forty miles, By
the evening of the 6th the storm waa near the
Florida coast, a short distance south of Tampa.
Then came a sharp turn to the west, and on the
morning of the 7th it was in the Gulf of Mexico,

apparently about 200 miles south of the Missis- |

sippi coast.

“Northerly gales were holding full sway
over the midele Gulf coast, Port Eads, La.
reporting a maximum velocity of fifty-sit miles
an hour from the northeast, The storm warn-
Ings which had been displayed on the previous
éay, as far west as New Orleans, were now

SEPTEMBER 11,

 

o-<
er lairrar “er. wr

1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900,

       

morning of the th the storm had nearly reach

extended (the Texas coast, and on
6 const of

| that locality.
by the storm during the afternoon.
P, M, Galveston reported a barometer pending

o!

Texas was reached
At 3:40

of 29.22 inches, a wind velocity
forty-four miles an hour = from the
northeast, unprecedentedly heavy sea swell

and high tide from the southeast, and about
one-half the city streete under water, Since
that time no communications have been re-
ceived from any southeastern Texas points,
except from the manager of the Weatern Union
Telegraph Company at Honston, Tex, who in
response to a telegraphic request from the chief
of the Weather Bureau etated in despatches
sent on the oth that no definite information
could be obtained from Galveston, but that
the losses of life and property were most ap-

“After reaching the coast the storm's centre
onoe more turned to the northward and con-
tinued through the State of Texas during Sun
day, the oth, with steadily decreasing inten,
ity, although it caused high winds, whic
were a source of great danger to many growing
crops. This morning the storm reached Okla-
homa, but ita destructive character is gone
and it {s now principally engaged in causing
general rains in its vicinity

OF BODIES

HUNDREDS FOUND,

Dire Need of Fresh Medicines and Nurses Re-
ported at Galveston.

Datta, Tex., Sept. 10.—At 6 o'clock this
evening the Houston and Tex4s Centra) office
in Dallas recetved a despatoh from the headquar-
ere of the company in Houston saying that
courters from relief parties sent forward to
Galveston had sent back word that sixty bodies
had been found in one block on Tremont street
and 600 corpaes had been gathered at one point
aad 400 were reported at another

People were dying from injuries, sickness
and lack of fresh water, and unless medicines,
fresh water and nurses were supplied soon the
death list would be appalling

More than 700 bodies are reported to have
been picked up on the mainland in an advance
of approximately twenty milea down the coast.

The safety of Port Arthur and Sabine Pass
was veritied this evening in despatches from
Beaumont and Orange.

Rellef movements have been started all over
Texas. The Dallas -municipal government
to-day voted $800 4nd fraterna) orders and
citizens generally contributed approximately
$10,000. A special train of relief forces with
medicines, food, &o., started for Galveston
from Dallas to-night. In the party were doc-
torag nurses, ministers and priests.

At? P. M. W. C. Conner received afielegraro
from Rockport, sent by E. H. R. Green, eon of
Hetty (Green of New York, that all persons
were -afe at the Tarpon Club on St. Joseph
Island; that no severe storm had been expert-
enoed on the Island or at Rockport.

 

STORM NEWS IN WALL STREET,

 

J. 8. Bache & Co.'s Galveston Correspondent

Describes the Sttaation There as He Sees It,

E. L. Porch of Wells & Porch, the Galveston
correspondents of the brokerage firm of J. 8.
Bache & Co, sent @ private wire despatch to
that firm yesterday afternoon from Houston,
which contained these details of the disaster

“I left Galveston Sunday at 11:80 with half
a dozen others In a small launch. Arrived at
Houston 3 A M. to-day. Large part of resi-
dence portion wrecked or badly damaged;
business portion badly damaged by loss of
roofs, ce, but not many buildings collapsed,
except sheds on water front, The wharves
themselves and bulkheads generally stood well,
Flevators had tops blown off. Southern Pacifio
improvements not damaged as much as first
thouwht. All four bridges to mainland down
All rail communication out off

“Generally estimated when we left about
1,000 lives fost. Great velocity of the wind,
blowing at one time over cighty miles ao hour,
chief cagse age. voily oonstructe
buildings would callagee, and those who trie
to escape from them would be drowned by
the hich water. Electric light, water and gas
not working. Distress will be very great
All provisions except oanned goods scarce
Greatest loss_of life is im east end and along
Gulf front. The house where I lived, being
fully three blocks from the beach, was the
last house standing for nearly a mile up and
down. Eight ocean steamers with cargo
wrecked or aground,”

Prior to the receipt by J. 8. Bache & Co, of
this despatch, which arrived at 2:04 o'clock
P. M,, the firm at about 10:30 o'clock had. re-
ceived a brief despatch from Mr. Porch which
stated that he and his partner, W. A, Wells,
had both arrived safe and well at Houston,
and accompgnying this early despatch was
an order for the purchase of cotton in the Liver
pool market,

It was announced in Wall Street vesterday
that Jefferson Selieman, of J. & W Seligman
& Co. had contributed $1,000 for the benefit
of the sufferers by. the Galveston floods and
that the firm would act as agent in receiving
such contributions,

THE STORM IN LOUISIANA,
Damage of 10 Per Cent, Done to the Rice
Crop and Two Steamers Wrecked.

New ORLEANS, Sept. 10.—The estimated

damage to the southwest Louisiana rice crop
is 10 per cent., or 400,000. No casualties have
been reported. The mail boat Romeo was
wrecked in the storm in Big Lake, but the
crew and passengers were rescued, Thesteamer
Fmma Francis was wrecked in the river near
Renas. At Port Eads, at the mouth of the
Mississippi, all the houses were filled with
water knee deep, doing creat damage. The
people sought refuge in the lighthouse and hotel
and all escaped,
Funds have been started by Mayor Oapde-
ville, the Board of Trade and the New Orleans
: relief of the Galveston
'
|

newspapers for the
Wilmot

sufferers. The steamer
with provisions to-night,

will leave

SHIPS IN THAT PELT THE CYCLONE
Steamship Louisiana Saw Three Sailing Ves-
sels Ashore.

The Cromwell Line steamship Louisiana
which arrived yesterday from New Orleans
ran on Friday last into the cyclone that devas-
tated the Texas coast, She was two days from
port when the wild swirler struck her, The
barometer fell to 28.75, and the ship was slowed
down in the hich seas. Capt. Halsey sighted a
three-masted schooner ashore on the island of
Tortugas, a bark aground north of Sombrero
and another bark stranded fifteen miles west of
Carysfort, south of the Florida coast. The
Louisiana sustained no damage

‘he German steamship Hermann, under
charter to the Ward Line, took the great blow
in the Straits of Florida on Tuesday and pitehed
and rolled for two days. She shippec
water, but was undamaged,

much

Word From k. R. HM, Green,

Mrs. Hetty Green received a telegram yeater-
day saying that her son, E. R. H. Green, who
lives in Texas, is safe in Terrell, an inland city
outside of the course of the tornado. Some re-
ports said that the Tarpon Club of Rockport,
near Galveston, of which Mr Green is President,
ant that the loss of life among the
Concerning this Mrs, Green

was wrecke)
guests was heavy
has no information.

Help Offered by Ohio.

CouemBus, Sept. 10—The following tele-
gram was sent by Gov. Nash this morning to
Gov. Joseph D. Sayers at Austin, Tex

The people of Ohio deplore the great dis-
aster which has come upon your people and upon
their fellow-citizens of Texas What can we
do to help you and relieve the distre-a?

“Grorar K. Nasu, Governor.”

 

Merchants Offer Their Aid.

The Merchant | Association of this city tele
eraphed yesterday to the Mayor of Galveston
and to the Governor of Texas offering to do
anything in its power to aid the storm sufferers
James R, Keene on the Way Home From

Europe.

SARATOGA, Sept, 10
Democrats

It was announced here
to-night by conversant with his
moverments that James R. Keene, the great
bear operator of Wallstreet, sailed from Livers
pool on Saturdey for New Yor)

Moroing., Noon and Night
trains leave Grand Central Station, New York, by the
New York Central for Chicago, St Louls and Cinga-
| pat, Luxurious trains, smooth treeks.— Ade.

 

BY

 

   
    

 

THE SUN PRINTING AND

MAINE'S PLURALITY 31,000,

REPUBLICANS CARRY EVERY COUNTY
IN THE STATE BUT ONE.

 

They Re-elected All Thetr Congressmen—Cam-
berland County Elects as Sheriff a Prohi-
bition Preacher—A Republican Loss of 11
Per Cont. Compared With Vote of 1896.

PoRTLAND, Me., Sept. 10.—The Republicans
have elected John F. Hill Governor over Samuel
L. Lord (Dem.), by about 81,000 plurality. This
estimate was made at midnight, and {s based on
the returns of about 240 towns. The total vote
is likely to reach 115,000. The Republican
loss, compared with the total party vote in the
election of 1896, is about 11 per cent., while the
Democrats bave increased their vote of that
year 30 per cent. Compared with the vote of
1808, both parties show a gain

Congressmen Amos L. Allen of Alfred, Charles
E. Littlefield of Rockland, Edwin C. Burleigh
of Augusta, and Charles A. Boutelle of Bangor
are redlected by majorities ranging from 6,000
to 10,000.

Every county but one has been oarrted by
the Republicans, but they lose two or three
seats in the lower branch of the Legislature.
Congressman Allen of the First district increased
his majority in both York and QOumberland
counties, bet tn Portland he was cut considerably.

Cumberland county did an unexpeoted thing
in electing as Sheriff the Rev. Samuel F. Pear~
son, & Prohibition candidate who has been on
the stump four weeks, declaring for a rigid
enforcement of the Liquor law. He recetved
about 900 more votes than Sheriff Despeaux,
the Republican nominee, who two years ago
hed candidate Pearson by about 6,500.

The proposition for the creation of the office
of State Auditor is defeated.

On the basis of the vote of 210 towns the
plurality of Hill was estimated at $2,000 over
the Democratic nominee.

Returns from 18 towns recebved up to 6
o'clock showed that the Republicans have
gained 12 per cent. and the Democrats 19 per
cent. a8 compared with the vote in 1896. On
the same basis the Republicans plurality tn
the State should be 32,400

Returns from eighty towns showed a= gain
in the Republican plurality of 1,850. On that
basis the Republican plurality in the State
would be 80,490

The first thirty cities and towns to be heard
from showed slight Republican gains over two
yearsago. On the basis of this gain the Repub-
lican plurality was estimated at 32,000 in the
State.

Avousta, Me., Bept. 10--Maine goes Repub-
Hoan by about 30,000. Knox county, the home
of Congressman Littlefield, {8 probably Demo-
cratic

 

NANSEN TALKS OF ABRUZZI.

 

 

Says the Royal Explorer Proved That Only
the Sea Is Beyond Franz Josef Land.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, Sept. 10--The Tribuna publishes a
despatoh from Christiania giving an interview
with Nansen, the Arctic explorer. He spoke
enthusiastically regarding the expedition of the
Duke of the Abruzzi, from which, he declared,
acience had gained greatly, inasmuch as it had
proved that only the sea existed beyond Frans
Josef Land

The students in Christiania will have a torch
light procession in honor of. the Duke of the
Abruzzi to-morrow night. Nansen, in their
behalf, will make a congratulatory address to
the Duke.

BATTLE AT HAND IN COLOMBIA.

 

 

Government Troops Go Out to Attack Rebels
Intrenched at Peojo,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

JAMAICA, Sept. 10.—Advices from Colombia
say that a large rebel force is intrenched at
Peojo and that the Government troops have left
Cartagena to attack it

The telegraph lines in the interior have been

cut,
The rebel General, Uribe, is in Bolivar.

 

SHOT BY A ST. LOUIS FOOTPAD.

 

Postal Clerk Held Up and Fatally Wounded
When He Resisted.

Sr. Lovis, Sept. 10.—John A. Noonan, a clerk

in the Post Office, had an encounter with two

highwaymen at Twenty-first street and Wash-
inzton avenue early this morning and was
shot in the abdomen and fatally wounded,

He was on the way to his home at 3614 Clark
avenue, when two men with levelled pororvers
ordered him to throw up his hands. Instead o
complying with the demand, Noonan grabbed
their outstretched hands. tn the scuffle that
ensued he struck one of the men In the face.
The man cried, “Let him have it, Jim.” Jim
shot and Noonan sank to the und insensi-
ble. The highwaymen esca ;

BLAMES THE BEACHES

 

POR CRIME,

 

Judge Aspinall Down on Coney Island and
Its Netghboring Sammer Resorts.

In hie charge to the September Grand Jury
Judge Aspinall in the County Court in Brook-
lyn yesterday said that when the County
Court closed for the summer only two per
sons were in jail under indictment and not
brougnt to trial, but now, whether through
the inefficiency of the police or for some other
cause, there were nearly one hundred cases
awaiting the action of the Grond Jur He
thought that such places as Coney Island,
Bergen Beach and North Beach, by attracting
great crowds during the summer, were reapon-
sible for this to a large degree
McCoy Sues for Divorce—His Wife Files a

Coanter-Sait,

On last Friday Norman Selby, better known

as Kid McCoy, served papers on his wife,

 

Julia E. Selby, for an absolute § divorce.
Yesterday Mrs. Selby filed ai  coun-
ter-suit, and also had a warrant

issued for his arrest, As MeCov left the boat
on hisreturn fromthe Tim Sullivan Associa-
tion's chowder party a deputy sheriff put his
hands on the pugilist’s shoulder and
told — him he wa, under arrest A
crowd quickly surrounded the two and in the
confusion that followed McCoy got away, Al-
though efforts were made to find him, they
proved unsuccessful, Late last night Movoy, it
ia said, sent word tothe deputy sheriff that if
he would eal! at his place of business this morn-
ine he would submit to arrest

MeCoy says that the money he realized in his
battle wilh Corbett went to pay old debts.

Back Broken, bat May Recover,

Dennis Duffy, 42 years old, fell down a flight
of stairs at his home, 487 West Fifty-eighth
street, on Aug. 27. He waa taken to Roosevelt
Hospital and from there to Bellevue, where he
was treated for delirium tremens. In a few
days it was noticed that the man's lower limba
were paralyzed, and it was found after a care-

ful examination that his back Was broken.
Last Saturday an incision was made disclosin
the fact that the sixth dorsal vertebra had
been erushed. The pleces were carefully
removed. There had heen no infury to the
epinal cord, and yesterday the paralysis had
atcal entiraly disappeared and the doctors
felt confident that the patient would recover,

Crossed Dover Straits in a Canoe,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Catais, Sept. 10.-A young Frenchman,
named Cauchois, has crossed the Straite of
Dover, from Dover, in a canoe, He paddled all
day Sunday and Sunday night

Two More Plague Cases in Glasgow.
Special Cable Deapaich to THR SUN
GLaAscow, Sept. 10,—Two new cases of bubonic
plague hive developed, The number of plague
patents in hospital is eizxtesm.,

PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

~

e weit nr gr SNOT ITT Pea RTT Ty pe eee Ie ee PTD SET

nap rps

2a “_<

meruneineren

Paty to-day and to-morrow

°

 

PLOT TO KIDNAP TAYLOR, MAYBE,

Rash Talk of Members of the Goebel Guards
Now tn Indianapolis.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 10—Within ten days
several mernbers of the Goebel Guards, an
organization which was formed during the
troubles at the Kentucky capital, have come
to this city and secured work in factories and
other places. Two of these“men are George
Evans and W. L. Barrett, who are employed
by the Indianapolis Light and Power Com-
pany and live at 195 South Whest street. They
have talked frealy among their fellow work-
ers and have intimated that there is some mys
terious purpose in view. When seen to-day
Barrett was wearing a button on which ts in-
scribed “In Memory of Goebel,” and when
questioned he said that there were now about

iuirty members of the guard in this city and
more were coming

“We all loved Gobel,” he said, “and proved ft
when we camped in the angine house at Frank-
fort wih the mountain men surrounding the

tate House with their long-barrelled rifles.

ne of these mornings the yple of Indlan-
apolis will wake up and find they are one citizen
‘aylor he re-

fens

When asked tf he meant Gov,
aunt say anything more, and Evans cau-
saying that he had already talked

tioned him b
too muc vans (ner, took up the conversa-
tion said that the members of the Goebel

Guards know every move that Taylor made and
it was a good thing for the Denison House people
when he moved out, talk Kvans and

rett with their fellow workmen has led to
the belief that a scheme ts being hatched to
eo saerer and take him forably to Ken-
tucky, and he has been warned by his friends
to be on his guard. He is now living in the
northern part of the city,

SHE WANTS HER BABY BACK.

Mother, Deserted and Destitute, Gaveit Away,
bat Has Repented Since.

Mrs. Maggie Donnelly of 217 East Eighteenth
street was deserted by her husband a few weeks
ago andsheand her three children were desti-
tute. Martin Glynn, a Williamsburg contractor,
who lives at Meeker avenue and Ewen atreet,
was willing that his wtfe should adopt Mrs.
Donnelly’s youngest child, a girl nine months
old, and Mrs. Donnelly parted with the baby.
Mr Glynn at once took measures to have the
adoption recorded in court. Then Mrs. Don-

ely repented. She begged that the baby
returned to her, The Glynme refused to
mt with the child and Mrs. Donnelly com-
plained to the polica, A summons ainst
lyon wag issued and he was Arraigned yee
teriay before Magistrate Lemon in the Ewen
street potice court. He declared that Mrs.
Dopaely hed voluntarily surrendered the child
and sai meant keep her, strate
diamiased the summons, advising Mrs, Don-
nelly to apply to the Supreme Court for a writ
of habeas corpus,

LYNCHERS' RUSE TO GET A NEGRO,

 

Jalil Doer Opened When They Knocked and
Said They Had « Prisoner.

Montaomery, Ala., Sept. 10—Misa Kate
Pierson, daughter of a prominent man of Fl-
more county, awoke last Friday night to find
a@ negro grasping her hands She screamed
and he fied, but was captured. He proved
to be Zeb Floyd, a twenty-year-old negro of
the neighborhood. Last night at midnight
two men, accompanied by a fettered prisoner,
rapped on the jail door at Wetumpka. The
i er responed and demanded through a crack
n the door to know what they wanted. They
said they had a prisoner and produced a mit-
timus signed by a justice of the peace. The
jailer carefully examined it, decided ft waa
official and opened the door, whereupon the
men seized him, and being reenforced by ten
others from behind the jail, made away with
Floyd. This morning the negro's body was
hanging to a tree two miles from Wetumpka
with a card pinned to it bearing these words:

“Warning \s hereby given that all negroes
who perpetrate this crime will meet his pun-
ishment.” -

OLNEY'S DARK SECRET.

 

Net Yet Ready to Say Where He Performs the
Sacred Duty of Voting.

Boston, Sept. 10-—Richard Olney did not
seem overwhelmed with a desire to talk when
a reporter asked him to-day what he had to
say concerning the Bangor speech of Senator
Lodge. When asked if he had anything to say
or any comment to make, Mr. Olney kept his
eyes fixed on his deak and muttered:

“No, I would not care to say apything about

t

Asked if he had any observations to make on
President McKinley's letter of acceptanose, he
again muttered

“No, I don't care to say anything about it”

Then the question was put: “Will vou answer
this, Mr Olney? Where do you vote ”

e ex-Secretaryof State started up abruptly,
thought for a moment, leaned back in his chalr
and said with a smile

“I don't care to answer any questions what-

ever.”

“You have nothing more to say?*

“Nothing.”

The reporter had ample time to catch the ele-
vator on ita return from the trip that brought
him up

BAREFOOT GIRLS IN A CAB,

 

The Sea Had Claimed a Tribute of Visitors
From Inland.

Two young women who came from Chicago
a few days ago to visit the wife of a well-known
city official, went down to Arverne and Far
Rockaway yesterday to see the sea. Late in
the afternoon they went from Rockaway to
Arverne to bathe. One of the girls was afraid
of the surf. She suggested that they could
have just as much fun wading; so they waded
When they got tired wading they sat on the
beach to dry their feet. They jumped up t
retreat before a bigger comber than usua
and when it retired it took their shoes and
stockings with it. Two barefoot girls debarked
from a cab at the city official's house last eve-
ning and surprised his wife. She thinks they
will be able fo get more shoes without going
home for them.

JEALOUS MAN'S THREE VICTIMS.

 

Shot His Rival Dead and Wounded the Girl
and Himeelf Fatally,

Hevena, Mon., Sept. 10.—Willis Howard and
Frank Forest were rival admirers of Flora
Zinn, Howard accompanied her to church last
night. Shortly after the couple left the ohurch
they were met by Forest, who drew a revolver
and instantly killed Howard. The girl fled,
but was pursued by Forest, who shot her twice,
onoe through the body and_onee near the heart.
She will probably die. Forest then turnad
the weapon upon himself and tnflicted a fatal
wound,

 

Jury to Pass on Miss Wendel's Sanity,

Justice Gildersleeve of the Supreme Court
appointed yesterday a commission to inquire
into the mental condition of Miss Georgiana
G. R. Wendel before a Sheriffs jury. The
Commissioners are Carlos F. Macdonald, Henry
W. Bookstaver and Samuel Truesdell. The

rocveding was taken by Miss Wendel’s brother,
oehn G endel, who says_she has been in-
competent for six years. Through a friend
she was recently brought before Justice Lent
of Sing Sing on habeas corpus on allegations
that she is sane and was imprisoned by her
brother, Justice Lent refused to release her,

The Sultan Decorates a Long Islander.

Banyton, L. I, Sept. 10.--In recognition of
his services to promote trade between this coun-
try acd the Ottoman Empire, F. Diodat
Thompson, owner of the Sagtikas Manor farm,
in West Islip, has been decorated by the Sultan
of Turkey with the badge of the Order of the
Medjidie. Mr. Thompsen is still in Furope, but
is expected to return shortly. His estate on
Long Island has been in the possession of the
Thompson family for more than ts o hundred
years

 

Diamond Shoals Lightship Launched,

Boston, Sept. 10.—The steel lightship dea.
tined for the dangerous Diamond Shoals off
Cape Hatteras was launched at East Braintree
this afternoon. She will be the stanchest

and most thoroughly equip eraft of her
class in the wort She ehh steam pro-
pelled and electric Hghted

 

Tunnel Digging at the Broadway Circle.

Naughton & Co. began work yesterday on the
Rapid Transit subway at the Circle, Broadway
and Fifty-ninth street.

An ideal trip via ideal steamers. Hudeon Rive
Day Line Music ~Ads ;

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
HILL WILL PUT UP A FIGHT;
HE SAYS COLER WILL RE NOMINATED
IN THE CONVENTION.

 

If Not by a Kings Coanty Delegate; He will
Make the Nominating Speech Himself
—Stanchfleld Still the Leading Candidate
of the Croker Factlon—Mackey Declares
Again That He Will Not Take Second Place,

SARATOGA, Sept. 10 — Ex-Senator David Ben
nett Hill arrived here at 1:30 this morning,
It was his intention not to come up from Ale
bany until 8:90 this morning, but he stole a
march on some of the expectant ones. He
was acoompanied by Perry Belmont, who
hopes to be nominated for Senator in the First
district, which includes the counties of Suffollx
and Richmond. Mr. Hill put up at the Grand
Union and quickly hopped into bed prepara
tory to facing a situation which turns out to
be the most interesting in the thirty years of
his political life He has been an Assemblye
man, Lieutenant Governor and Governor
of the State, the candidate of his party in
his State for the Presidential nomination
and United States Senator for six years, He
has had a stormy oareer, but in the main has
been successful, as far as the attainment of
political honors at the hands of bis party is
concerned, But for several months he has
been compelled to confront a combination of
Democrats, headed by Mr. Croker, which had
for its first and last object his utter humiliation
in Democratic State politica and his effectual
retirement as a political factor inthe affairs
of his party, His final overthrow had been
planned to occur in the Democratic State Con-
vention, which is to assemble here to-morrow
to name candidates for Governor, Lieutenant-
Governor, Secretary of State, Comptroller,
State Treasurer, Attorney-General and state
Engineer and Surveyor.

Mr. Hill was well aware of the situation when
he tumbled out of bed this morning, bright
and early He was quickly in consultation
with his friends, Elliot Danforth, Mayor James
K. MeGuire, Arthur A. Mclean of Newburgh,
Charles N. Bulger of Oswego, and John N.
Carlisle of Watertown Mr. Hill remained
most of the day in his apartmenta He did
not vigit Mr. Croker or Mr Murphy or Mr.
Shevlin or any of the other Democrats who are
in opposition to him on this occasion. Neither
did Mr Croker or Mr. Murphy or Mr. Shevlin
call upon Mr. Hill, and this is the first episode
of this character which has occurred since
all of the gentlemen named began to attend
Democratic State conventions, and this time
minneth far back

After Mr. Hill had talked with his friends
the cool atmosphere began to vibrate with
rumors against the availability of Johm B
Stanchfleld as a carididate for Governor. Mr.
Stan: Bield had been put forward as the anti-
Hil) candidate, and yet the delegates favorable
to the anti-Hill candidate have up to this hour
(midnight) received no official word, either from
Mr. Croker or Mr. Murphy or Mr Shevlin, as to
their views concerning Mr. Stanchfleld. In a
word, they have not yet received the “official
word” to hustle and vote in the convention for
Stanchfield. One rumor which followed quickly
upon the conferences in Mr. Hill's rooms was
that Stanchfield had either written a letter or
publicly said that Bryan ft a _ Populist.
Another report was that Stanchfleld refused
to attend a public meeting where Bryan was
to speak, and finaily Thomas W. Cantwell of
Albany, chairmnan of the Exeeutive Commit-
tee of the Chicago Platform Democrata, ap-
peared on the scene. He visited Mr. Murphy
and submitted a paper wherein it was alleged
that Mr. Stanchfield had declared in a court
where he was counse!, that he hoped his children
would not grow up to be members of a labor

union. Mr. Cantwell then submitted the same
statement to Norman E. Mack, chief
boomer for Senator William Flem-

ing Mackey for Governor Mr. Murphy made
light of Mr. Cantwell’s statements, and so did
Mr. Croker and Mr. Shevlin and Mr. McCarren,
who were present when Mr. Cantwell ay bmitted
his document against Stanchfleld| Mr. Murphy
said that he had known of the document a week
and that the remark, if made by Stanchfleld,
was after a bloody riot in Elmira and was used
for the purpose of denouncing men who fe-
sorted to unlawful violence. So, notwith-
standing all that has been said and done all
day and niaht, it must still be announced that
Stanchfield is still in the van, and yet Semator
Mackey declares with emmiasis that he must
not and will not be considered a candidate for
seoond place on the ticket Senstor La Roche,
associated with Mr Mack in floating the Mackey
boom, insists that Mr Mackey shall not take
second place. Mr Mackey himself said

“I must not be considered a candidate for
anything but Governor If lam not nominated
for Governor I shall not be nominated for Lheu-
tenant-Governor.

While the talk in opposition to Stanchfleld
was going on George M Palmer of Schoharie
and Frederick U. Schraub of Lewis trotted
out individual booms for themselves for the
Gubernatorial nomination The booms pleased
Mr Palmer and Mr Schraub and didn't injure
Stanchfleld’s chances in the slightest degree,

Tt is now time to speak of the Coler boom,
Mr. Hill is in direct charge of it. Part of the
day he has not appeared to know what to @m
In a word he has seemed to be in the same wea
wabbling Hill mood. Mr.Colerwasto have come
here and opened headquarters He decided
on Saturday to open these headquarters, and
cottage No. 2 at the United States Hotel was
engaged for him. Mr. Coler went to Nether
wood, N. d., to spend Sunday and was to have
taken the first train this morning from New
York forSaratoga. Instead he cent his secretary,
William F. Baker,and Mr. Gaker, after a consulta.
tion with Mr Hill, cancelled the engagement for
the cottage atthel nited States Hotel Mr Baker
then telegraphed to Mr ¢ oler not to come to
Saratoga This was done at the suggestion
of Mr Hill The Democrats who have stood
beside Mr Hill in this Coler business and in his
opposition to the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin
combination, became alarmed They believed
that Mr Hill was about to quit the game, and
thus again would they be left high and dry
on the litub of despair, to be shot at and rid-
dled by Hill's factional adversaries They
called upon Mr. Hill and demanded that he go
on with the fight Other Hill men counselled
with him and advised him to make the best of
a bad situation and to get what he could. Mr,
Carlisle, however, was at Mr Hill's elbow and

he insisted upon a fight. Finally Mr. Hill
announced
Mr. Coler will be nominated in the oon

vention by a Kings county delegate and I ahall
second the nomination. If Mr. Coler is not
put forward by a delegate from Kings I will
nominate Mr. Coler myself.”

In addition, Mr. Hill's followers were ad-
vised not to attempt to have themselves named
for any of the minor State offices without first
consulting with him, and this they have prom-
ised to do. The K-ngs county delegation Is ta
meet at @:30 to-morrow morning. In accord.
ance with party usage in Kings the unit rule
will be applied, but Mr. Hil! thinks he has a

man who will not be bound!y the rule. This
man is supposed to be Utto Kempner of
the Twentleth district Kempner was

formerly a New York Assemblyman and was
antl-Tammany. He wrote a book severely
attacking Mr. (roker several years ago, and
after that he changed his residence to Broo! le
It had been hood by the Coler people that his
name would be presente! by a delegate
from his home cistrict, the Sev-
enteenth. The delegates from this district
are Bridge Commissioner John L. Shea, ex-J us-
tice Angetes Van Wyck and E. L Kaufman,
The people believed that at the gleper

\

a

a pain i et SE

qe