“4
,

aoe

ae:

be

—
- eS
Oe TORE EE

-

OE

=:
¥
*

   
 

 

and that his alternate on, |
would step in and make the speeah nominating
Coler Mr. Littleton said to-day that, while
he was personally very friendly to Mr. Coler,
he could not break away from the unit rule,
and for that reason he eould not speak up for
Mr. Coler, even if Mr. Kaufman would retire |
as a delowate and give a place to hin

All here two-night expect a lively scene in
the convention on Wednesday when nomina-
tions will be in order. To-morrow's session
will be devoted to listening to the speeghes
of Tomporary Chairman McCarren and Per-

nent Chairman George Kaines of Monroe,
or it is now believed to have been eventually
settied that Mr. Raines is to have that place
It is the opinion that the second day's work
of the convention will wind up in-a@ first-class
shindy should Mr. Hill in his speech resort
to personalities,

ne antl-Hill people do not hesitate to say to-
night that Mr. Hill's visit to Herkimer on Satur-
day last waa a cooked-up affair which had for
its purpose the desire of Mr. bull to bein a fairly
good position to face this convention and be
able to declare unequivocally that he was a
first-class Bryan man, But the anti- (ill people
aasert that Mr. Hill's visit and his spec h were
only a subterfuge and they are around quoting
this passage from the ex-Senator’s speech at
Herkimer:

“It is needleas to say that I am heartily in
favor of the election o? Bryan and Stevenson
They the candi@ntes of the Democratio
var ty, “Galy and regularly nominated at a Na-
Honal Co ivention at which I was a member
and which treated me from beginning to end
with marked and unusual courtesy, and I am
honorably bound to actively support a ticket
of my party nominated under such clrcum-
stances

Mr, Hill's critios in the Croker-Murphy-
Sheviin combine say that Mr Hill's utter-
ances do not portray any deep principle or
conviction, but merely assert that because
he was well treated at Kansas City he has de-
elded to support Bryan and Stevenson, (Cer-
tainly the treatment Mr, Hill received at Kan-

than
1806
selected

that he
when the
him to

was far better
at Chicago in
Committee

sag (City
received
National

be temporary chairman of the con-
vention and the convention itself. revolted
an¢ rejected Hill, taking {in his place

Benator John W. Daniel of Virginia. Mr
ul) did not speak a word for Bryan in 1804
his crities continued, and nobody knows whether
he voted for Bryan, So Mr. Hill's critica to-
night are circulating passages from his famous
article in the Forum, which Mr. Hill wrote
{mmediately after the defeat of Bryan. Sp eak-
ing of the Chicago Convention which nomi-
nated Mr, Bryan, Mr. Hill in his article says

“It was to be regretted that the most gues
tlonable and mischlevious provisions of the
Chicago platform seamed to meet with much
favor at the hands of a motley crowd of Popu-
lists, Silver Republicans, Single Tax men,
old Greenbackers, professional labor agita-
tors, Sociallsta, aad Adullamites generally,
whose noisy and unintelligent championship
of the Democratic cause, and especially thelr
extreme utterances of every character. alarmed
many influential and thoughtful men and hast
ened thelr repudiation of the ticket. Dis
aster was prevented only by the. vigorous and

 

pasriesic efforts of level-headed Democratle
eaders, whoremalinedtrueto the old faith and
did not propose to surrender the old Demo-

cratic ship or permit it to be seuttlod by Ir-
responsible andfanatical ‘One idea’ pirates

Mr. Hill's factional adversaries here to-night,
discussing his writings, insist that there is no
difference whatever between the Kansas City
platform of 1900 and the Chicago platform of
1806, and yet, forsooth, because Mr 4H was
courteously treated at Kaneas City he has de-
cided to support the ticket. Then Mr Hill's
adversaries quote another passage from his
Forum article, saying:

“It (the Democratic party) cannot now con-
sent to becorue the asylum for all the dema-
goguesa and charlatans in the country, who,
while ostentatiously proclaiming their desire
to subserve the public good, are really further-
ing schemes of ambition or private gain or en-
deavoring to undermine the Government and to
pull down the pillars of society.”

The comments on Mr. Hill's speech at Her-
kimer and his article in the Forwm were followed

by an announcement, part of which Mr. Hill
was made familiar with to-day
“Mr. Bryan has assured ex-Go¢. Stone of

Missouri,” said one of Mr. Hill's visitors to-day,
“that he (Mr. Bryan), has alwaya distrusted
Mr. Hill, and that he never distrusted him
more than he did after Mr. Hill's visit to hirn
at Lincoln just before the convention at Kan-
gas City. Since the convention ex-Gog. Stone
has assured Mr. Croker that Mr. Bryan desires
him to understand that In the event of
his election he (Mr. Croker) is to have
absolute control of the Federal patronage in
the State of New York. This accounts for
Mr. Croker's desire to carry New York for
Bryan. In the event of victory Mr. Alll would
be as politically dead as a mackerel. Mr.
Bryan does not believe that he will have the
support of the Democrats, as they are actuated
solely by selfish an sorald ends. Congressman
James D. Richardson by direction of Mr. Brvan
{s prenering & primer of political campaign
matertal for Mr. Croker, which Mr. Croker is
to use in New York city and throughout the
State.”

A Very influential Democratic statesman said
when he heard of the assurances of Mr. Croker
as to the Federal! patronage:

“Well, Gum Shoe Bill Stone has without doubt
made the same assurances to Mr. fill.”

TAMMANY MEN ARRIVE.

Thirty-eight Pullman Cars Dump About 1,200
Tammany Braves Into Saratoga,

Saratooa, Sept. 10.—-Thirty-eight special
Pullman cars, each with a capacity of thirty-
éix persons normally and of half a dozen more
under pressure, got in to-day, bearing the
major part of Tammauy's delegation and
the rooters who are to inspire the up-State
Democrats with awe over the Tammany prow-
ess. Not all the Tammany men came to-
day, for the Sullivans and the Engels, who
include some of the Wigwam's most eminent
followers, were picnicking when the excursion
started. They will get into town to-morrow
at just about the time that their fellows who
arrived to-day are getting up

The first Tammany train got in ati:% P.M.
It bore the delegates from twelve districts,
each occupying a car. The districta and their
leadera were; The Twenty-ninth, John T. Car-
roll; Twenty-seventh, James J. Martin; Sev-
enteenth, Daniel F, McMahon; Nineteenth,
Police Commiss ener John E. Sexton; Fifteenth,
Benator George W. Plunkett, who was on the
committee that arranged for the special trains;
the Twenty-third, under Thomas F. McAvoy;
Deputy Sewer Commissioner Donough's ade
herents from the Twenty-first; Com-
missioner of ce rpection Lantry’s
men from the Twenty-second, George F,
Scannell’s delegation from the Twenty-fourth,

* Senator Maurice Featherson’s delegates from

the Twenty-fifth, ex-Sheriff Thomas J. Dunn
and his people from the Twenty-sixth and the
Thirtieth’s contribution under Councilman
Harry ©. Hart. This train bore on it ©. A. P,
Belmont, Larry Delmour, President
John W. Keller, of the Democratic Club
and the Department of Charities, and many
other eminent citizens. Some of the dele.
ates hesitated to march tothe Grand Union
Jotel and took carriages, but mostof them |
fell in behind M\. Keller and the citizens band |
and paraded A squad of police cleared the |
streets for tiem andthe citizensof Saratcga |
watched them with a@ languid interest. The
Tammany men made @& good impression and
Qn enthusiastic citizen Informed a group that
after all you could not beat Tammany when
it came to. turning out a convention
delegation All the Tammany men wore
ribbon badges with Taminany in the bar, and
a medallion of the great Chief Tammany on an
attached button,
The second section brought Highway Com-
missioner Keating's men from the Twentieth
Dock Commissioner Murphy's stalwarts froni
the Eighteenth, Isaac A. Hopper's followers
from the Thirty-first, two carloads of braves
from President’ Michael C. Murphy's First
district, the Divyerites from the Second, Cor-
oner Fitzpatrick’s friends from the Fourth
City Clerk Scully's folke from the Twelfth:
Councilman Oakley's Fourteenth district band:
Chamberlain Keenan's adherents from the
ixteenth, the Julius Harburger contribution
rom the Tenth, President Holahan's people
from is Twenty-fourth and J. J ran's
carload from the Thirty-second. Most of the |
men in the second special declined to parade |
Many of them rode to the hotel in buses or
carriages. Others walked alongside the band |
on the sidewalk, grips in ‘and. The
plaved “I'd Leave My Happy Home for You” |
and “There'll pe a Hot Time” all the way
and rounded up in front of the Grand Union to
serenade the delegates while they went inside
Then the band hustled back to the station and
mg the third apecial ;
‘he third train bore Senater BF. Martin’
contingent from the Fifth, three conn’
ex-Alderman P. A. Keahon’s followers from
the Seventh, Councilman Ryder's crowd from
the Third, Councilman ¢ dwin's delegation
from the Ninth, Water Commissioner Dalton
and his people from the Eleventh, P. J. Dool-
ing’s delegates and rooters from the Thirteenth,
Deputy County Clerk N J. flayes and his friends

band |

 

 

from the Thirty-third, President Haffen of
The Bronx and his men, Parl Commissioner
Moebus and Street Cleaning Commissioner

Nagle with the delegation from the Thirty-
fourth, and the Annexed District's ais caier
T. A O'Neill, The Auti-Imperlalista from
the Sixth, and Martin Enxel’s Mterary club
from the Eighth are due to-morrow morning
in three cars Ex-Alderman Keahon brought
along three cars loaded down ust to demon-

 

strate to Fast River Bridge Co

James W. Bovle, whe ia h er ee ne
August primaries, how eo iplete hie triumph
war, Mr. Rov 'e was on the committes which
arranged for @ © trains and placed the erder
for Mr Kral ears, When the Goodwin-

 

pe faction overe ame dohn ¢

finth in March it tonk a big delegati

to Kansas City for the saine salon woes
With the arrival of the Tammans men things

i —

reehan in

retire as « delegate
— df, Feotmee would irin W sites ] beg

   

an to wake up. The streets had been corn-
paratively deserted, and the hotel corridors
Sontalned more women than men up to the time
that the Tammany trains arrived, but the New
Yorkers flooded everything, and the Grand
Union corridors and plagzas looked more like
the steps of Tammany Hall on an Executive
Committee meeting day or the Democratic
Club when Mr Croker is at home than a summer
resort hotel.

MEETING OF THE STATE COMMITTEE,

McCarren Chosen Temporary Chatrman With-
out Opposition—Albany Deserts Hull,

SanatTooa, Sept, 10. The meeting of the
Democratic State Committee, which was held
to-night in the ballroom of the Grand Union
Hotel, was avery simple affair. It was quickly
over. Many who had anticipated a circus were
disappointed. Chairman Frank Campbell pre-
sided. The Stage Coramitteemen, according
to party usage, named the delegates they de-
sired to be put upon the temporary roll of the
convention, The Committee on Crede.tials,
to be appolnted by the temporary chairman
to-morrow, will take them up and report to the
permanent oraanization of the convention,
On motion of Elliot Danforth, Senator Patrick
Henry MoCarren of Kings was selected for tem-
porary chairman, Mr, Danforth was the gen-
tlernan who, acting as Mr. Hill's Heutenant, three
weeks ago sprang the resolution calling for
the naming of Mayor McGuire of Syracuse for
temporary chalrman of the ednvention and
was defeated by a vote of 26 Wo 23, one commit-
feeman not voting

The Hill people were aware that the Croker
people controlled the committee to-night by
a vote of 27 to 28, and Mr. Hill decided not to
Mr. McCarren’s selection, Early in
He told his

conteat
the day he thought he would.
visitors that the committee should not select
Mr. McCarren, because {n 1897 he submitted
to the Legislature the minority report of the
Legislative committee's investigation of the
Amertcan Sugar Trust, wherein he defended
the sugar company and opposed the majority
report. In 1898, however, Mr, McCarren was
re@lected to the Senate by his constituenta of
the Seventh district of Kings by a rousing
majority, and so Mr. Hill decided not to fight
Mr. Metarren’s selection to-night

Tho vote in the committee to-night of Patrick
E. McCabe of the Twenty-ninth district, which
is Albany county, disclosed an interesting
shift since the committee met here three weeks
ago to name time and p'ace for the convention
and when the McGuire resolution was sprung
On that oceasion Mr. MvuCabe voted for the
Hill-Danforth-MeGuire resolution Instantly
Mr. Murphy and Mr. Croker started a war on
Eugene D. Wood, the Democratic leader of
Albany county, who, after a fight of ten years,
had unhorsed Supreme Court Justice D. Cady
Herrick. Murphy and Croker thought that
Wood was a Hill man and would oppose the
eandidate for Governor of the anti-Hill com-
bination at the State convention. Mr. Croker
and Mr. Murphy put up a contest against
Mr Wood in the First district of Albany,
although on the face of the returns to
the primaries on Aug 2 Mr Wood
was an easy winner in the. First and
Third districts of Albany, and had it not
heen for the welfare inaugurated against him
he would have captured the Second district.
But Justice Herrick won in the Second and the
Fourth, making the delegation of twelve from
Albany split even, eix for Herrick and six for
Wood. Mr, Croker and Mr, Murphy learned,
however, that Wood had all along been for
Stanchfleld for Governor, but Wood was under
the impression that Croker and Murphy were
for Herrick, Wood's political enemy for Gov-
ernor, and that is how it came about that State
Committeernan MeCabe voted for the McGuire
resolution. So the contest in the First district
{a to be amicably settled for Wood, The Al-
bany county delegation stands eleven forStanch-
field as the candidate of the anti-Hill combine,
Mr. Hill being the lone voter against the com-
fination his is a startling situation to the
friends of Mr, Hillin other parte of the State.

 

FOR MINOR STATE OFFICERS.

Dificalty in Finding Men Who Will Accept
the Proffered Nominations.

10—All the able-bodied

 

SarnaTooa, Sept
lieutenanta of Richard Croker, who have had
training aa plainamen and cowboys, were sent
out early this morning with lassoes to corral
possibilities for the minor State offices. The
Croker-Murphy-Shevlin combine has been so
hard at work fighting against the nomination
of Comptroller Bird 8. Coler that it has not had
any time to spend in making up the rest of the
ticket, and asthe other faction of the party has
been equally hard at work to get delegates for
Mr Coler the rest of the ticket has been allowed
to go to pot. It is true, therefore, that almost
anybody who wants a nomination for one of

the offices below Governor can have it. The
lasso artists who went out early to-day report
thatthey were having a pretty difficult time.
They said that 3.W, Batten was ready to accept
the nominaion for Secretary of State. It waa
said by those on the inside with great posi-
tiveness that Frederick A Schraub of Lewis
county, the butter and e man, was sure to
at the nomination for Comptroller, while E
v Atwater was also ready to accept it, For
Attorney-General, @ F, Palmer was talked about
by a areat many delegates, and Congreasman
Glynn's name was kept in circulation for sev-
eral offices. Thomas J Conway is also talked
of for Attorney-General, and Guy. H. Clark's
name has been mentioned time and time again
for the Treasurership. For State Engineer
and Surveyor, Martin I. Schenck of Troy was
mentioned There were many others, too,
but all of them were tied down and were lai
aside to be examined carefully by Mr. Croker
before any decision was reached in regard to
therm. Later to-night it was declared that
nothing had been settled on definitely

CHANGE OF REPRESENTATION URGED.

Tammany Thinks the Present System in Demo-
cratic Conventions Is Unfair.

BanaToaa, Sept. 10.—State Senator Patrick
Henry McCarren of Brooklyn, who ts one of
the first lieutenants in the Croker-Murphy-
Shevlin combine in the Democratio party, said
to-day that the present system of representa-
tion in Democratic State conventions was
absurd, unfair and unjust. He added that
if any one should offer a resolution providing
fora change at the State con ention to-mormvwy
the whole subject would be thrown open for
discussion and a lively debate might resul:,

The Democratic Biate conventions under the
present system of electing delegates consist of
three delegates from each Assembly district in

Greater N Y us such @ struga@le as
ex-Henator Tul he. toes engaged in against
Croker for control of the y would be-
come an impossibility. Mr. Oroker ie for har-
mony and this, it has been pointed outto him,
is © sure and easy way to bring \t about.

he question involved now is whether the
Croker-Murphy-Sheviin combine would be able
to control enough votes on this question to
bring the change about, New York and Kings
would have 168 votes, which would be cast tn
the affirmative if the matter came toa vote. It
would be necessary for the leaders to get fifty-
eight votes more in order to pass a resoluuion
to make such a change. Some of Mr.
Croker's advisers question whether these
votes could be obtained They fear
that the country delegates, who have seemed to
aidhim in his present fight against Hill and
Comptroller Coler, would balk ata proposition

to turn everything over to the city lead-
ers; and some of them have sug-
gested that if such a= proposition were
advanced it might serve to drive away

delegates who are now opposed to Hill
and Coler, but whodo not want the present order
changed, for the reason that they believe that
in time to come they may wan! the power to
boss the party themselves. The Manhattan
and Brooklyn people would like to gee the _
entsaystem changed, however, and have nD
talking about it for some time. Senator Hill's
friends are alive to the situation.

THE PLATFORM COMPLETED,

It Indorses the Kansas City Platform, With
Special Reference to Imperialism,

Sanatooa, Sept. 10.—The platform to be
adopted by the Democratic State Convention
was forrmerly approved to-mght by Mr, Croker,
Mr. Murphy and Mr. Shevlin. It was drafted
by Senator Thomas F, Grady, the Tammany
leader in the Btate Benate; National Committee-
man Norman E. Mack of Buffalo, who is William
J. Bryan's personal friend; Judge Augustus
Van Wyck and Corporation Counsel John Whalen
of New York city. The document covers eight
typewritten pages, the usual leugth of a Demo-
cratic State platform. The tentative platform
as prepared yesterday was chopped and chopped
to-day at the suggestion of Edward Murphy,
dr., before a final revision was had acceptable
to the Triumvirate which is running this con-
vention, As stated this iormng Mr, Hill
has not been consulted about the platform
nor will he be, It has not yet determined
whether Senator Grady or Judge \an Wyck
will be chairman of the Committee on Resolu-
tions

The platform will strongly indorse the Kan-
sas City platform, with special reference to
the “paramount issue” of imperialisin. The
Chicago platform Democrats are satisfied with
the genera! affirmation of the Kansas City
platform without insisting upon @ square State
silver plank.

The canal plank pledges the Democratic
party to the maintenance and improvement
of the canals without specifying any special
plan of improvement.

The Democratic leaders think they have con-
structed a strong plank Sonning their position
on the labor question. the most important point
being that the passage of the Employers’
Liability bill by the State Legisiature is urged
The policy of the municipal ownership of public
franchises is strongly indorsed ‘hile the
Ramapo lank does not in effect recommend
the repeal of the charter of the Rainapo Water
Company. the municipal ownership of water
supplies and water sheds is urged. A Derno-
cratic State platform of these years would not
be complete tf it did not contain a plank denoune-
ing the Raines Liquor Tax law, so a plank
was stuck in demanding ite repeal. A “fair”
Civil Service Keform law, according to Tam-
many ideas of such a statute, is favored. The
law establishi a metropolitan election dis+
trict is handled, without gloves and no criti-
cism etrong enough could be framed of the
work of Supt. Joho McCullagh in administering
that law. The platform waxes quite flerce
in denunciation of the Republican perry in
establishing what it terms “uselass State com-
missions,” and the claim is made that the ex-
penses of the State administration have un-
duly Increased under the Republican régime.

ALBANY BRYANITES WARN CROKER,

They Declare That He, Hill, and Others Are
Leading the Party to Destraction.

Saratooa, Sept. 10—The New Democracy
and the Albany County Bryan [eague have
distributed a circular denouncing all the men
now prominent in Democratio politics in this
State. It says in part:

“The bright horizon which appeared to the
party at the close of the Kansas City Conven-
tion fs fast disappearing from view and the
party in this Ftate is threatened with utter de-
struction, and from no other cause than the wil-
ful manipulations of political tricksters, who
regard neither party nor principle when the
mighty dollar or petty patronage is at stake
“The present trouble, which can be looked
upon only as a factional turmoil, is attribu-

 

table to the following gentlemen: David
B. Will, Richard Croker, Edward Murphy, Hugh
Mclaughlin and Norman E, Mack, Tho os

sponsibility for success or defeat rests with
these men and their movements have been
and will be still closely scrutinized by the honest
fearless Democracy of this State

“We want these leaders to hesitate before

they force upon the party men who are not
and cannot be acceptable to the great majority
of those who are electors. Mr. Croker is to
consider the dangers to which his organization
is leading the Democratic party of the na-
tion Instead of  punishin the politi-
eal vultures who are identified with

the disgraceful Ice Trust and Ramapo water
steu), he seeks to condone their offencea and
pursue mes who had manhood enough to de
nounce and expose those gigantic plots against
the public weal and public treasury. We ask
ou, Mr, Croker, not to force the nomination
of Stanchfleld, whose legislative record in con-
nection with railroads and other corporations
would alienate from him the support of the
great wige earning classes.

“We ask yous r, Croker, not to force the
nomination of Mr. Mackey. There is nothing
{n his composition or make-up that fits him to
occupy the office of Chief Executive of the
Empire State. His nomination would con-
vince the people that it was the outcome of a
deal made at Kansas City between yourself
and Mr. Mack.

“We ask you before all things not to counte-
by the friends of that
D. Cady

nance any effort made
tax dodger and marplot of Democracy
Herrick, to whose unscrupulous methods an
selfish tactics is due the present demoralize
condition of the party in Albany county.”

 

MR. HILL DECEIVED.

Harmony Agreement for the State Committee
Mecting Broken by Croker,
SarnaTooa, Sept. 10.—-Ex-Senator Hill and his
friends are very angry to-night over an inci-
dent which occurred in the settlement of the
harmony programme of the meeting of the
State Committee. The arrangement was made
by Chairman Campbell of the State Committee.
Mr. Hill agreed not to make a fight over the

question of who should 4 temporary chair-
man of the convention in the State Commit
meeting if in return the Croker forces woul

the State, making a total of 450 (Megates. The | let the State Committeemen from districts in
objection which Senator McCarren and his | Which there were contests name the delegates
who were to eo on the temporary roll his

friends have to it is that no attention Is paid in
apport.oning delegates to the number of Demo-
cratic votes caac in an Assembly district, and
the strong Republican districts have as largea
representation in the convention and as great
power in the party councils as do the big olty
districts which cast hundreds more Democratic

the Croker forces agreed to, and Mr. Hill and
Mr, Campbell tho t it was all settled,

To Mr. Campbell's amazement, Mr. Murphy
met him just as he was going into the meeting
of the State Committee, and informed him
that the arrangement did not hold good in
regard to the contest in the Fulton-Hamilton
and Montgomery contests, Mr, Croker insisti
that Judge Borst, the Co’ itteeman, should

 

votes. Thus, that solidly Republican Assembly | name the Judson, or anti-Hill delegates. Mr.
District, the Twenty-first, has as much power vam bell protented and hed a a ad talk with
e cony on a ate ‘ Mr. Murphy. bu e latter & ’ (
inthe convention us does th A equally solid had decided it and would not be chan od. Ther
Democrati district, the Second. The | fore Judge Borst named the anti- Hill delegates,
present system gives to. the up-State | though he is a Hill man. Mr. Hill was a ry
districts, where the Republicans are strong, when he heard of it and decla that under

as much t) say as to party manage-
ment and nominees as it does to the
Tammany and Kings county districts. This is

where the shoe is pinchiug the Croker-Murphy-
Sheviin co.wbination now, for it is among the
Democrats resident in the up-State Repub-
lioan districts that ex-Senator Hill is strong
Without them he would not be able to make
even a show of a Geht, and would not be able
to keep Mr. Croker in constant vigilanoe against
up-State attack on his leader,
Murphy.

Senator McCarren and his friends, including
Senator Thomas F, Grady, have been talking
about what they cali the injustice of the present
system fora long titnae, and have been urging
Mr. Croker and Mr. Murphy to advaqcate a
change which would strip the country districts
of their power and give absolute and unques-
tloned control o the party conventions to the
cities. Their pian isto fix a minimum number
of delegates trom each Assembly districtand to
have the number increased in preportion to the
Democratic vote, a8 is done in (he Republican
party Thia plan isaleo in offset in the organ-
ization of Tammany, who-e eneral ( omimit-
te’ consist. of delegates from each Assembly
district, esch representing a certain number of
votes cast for the head of tne ticket at the last
preceding State or national election. Thie plan
Gives the contro! of the orga jigation to the dis-
tricta which poll the heavy majorities, » hile af-
fording repre-entation to the Demociats who
live in Republican distriet«

Of course, if it Should be adopted inthe make-
up of the Demoera'ic State conventions the
control of those bodies would be absolutely in
the hand: of tre leader of Greater New York
Toe country diatricts, even if thes ehould ail act
tog her, would not be abl to muster enough
Vites toov reom + the big delegation that wouid
come from southot the Harlem River and no
Up-State rman coud aspiretos position of im-
ortance in the State organization uniess he
iad the friendship and support of the lider in

ex-Senator

 

 

no circumstances would he again make any
arrangement of any kind with the Croker forces,

 

TAMMANY LOADED WITH STORES,

 

Lines of Trucks Discharge Wet Goods and Ice
Into Her Trains.
Just before the Tammany trains began
pulling out of the Grand Central Station yester-
day morning the train shed looked like the cold
storage room of a big hotel which paid particu-
lar attention to ite bar. There was the finest
agetecation of bottled goods that ever went
out of this town on passenger coaches. If
the Tammany men get ontaide of half of jt
before the convention meets the Hill crowd

| can pick their pockets with perfect safety.

Lined up on both sides of the road which had
been reserved for the specials were dozens of

| trucks piled high with cases of whiskey, beer

|

and all sorts of wines. There were tons of ico,
hundreds of pounds of steaks and chops,
thousands of cigars and cigarettes and great
baskets of provisions When the delegates
and the camp followers began pouring into the

station and caught ht of the stores Senator
Plunkitt became a bigger man than Croker
right away

Just before Plunkitt's own train of thirteen
Pullmans pulled out at 8:50 o'clock the Keghon-
ites from the Seventh district, still hilarious
over beating Boyle came roaring in ith a
band. They had marched up from jower
Eighth avenue and they were already hot and
thirsty and the sight of the great cakes of ice
and the joyous bottles waiting to go into the
ext two trains appealed to as beautiful
yevond compare. Plunkitt's train was just
getting well under way when a truok

    

  

 

down with mineral “Compliments of the
to pyc A os rushed hur-

Hfedty” w the platform.

“Blop train,” yelled one of the men with
the truck “Here's some mineral water for
you

“To blazes with it!” yelled a red-faced man
who stood on the back platform of the last car.
And the train moved on

The agent of the donors was somewhat
grieved, but he succeeded in getting his mineral
water on by the two remaining trains The
first of these was Commissioner {oatina’s with
the Divverites and Keahonites aboard and
the next was Barney Martin’s.

Tammany has never sent to a convention
a delegation so well equipped with refresh-
menta, but the braves were of the opinion that
they hadn't got the best care of the line

Street Cleaning Commissioner Nagle swore
that he remembered going to a convention in
one of the very same cars twenty years ago
when the care were Wagners, not Pullmans.

At 1:50 o'clock the special taking the 300
‘ings county Democrats left the Grand Central

tation, The Brooklyuites were demure rather
than hilarious and their supplies were limited

NOTES OF THE CONVENTION.
The Editor of a Croker Paper Glad He Isn't
in Texas—When tn Doubt Ask ¢ Cabman,

SanaTOGA, Sept. 10.—The editor of a great
paper is in Saratoga. His paper Is very parti-
ean, very Tammany, and indulges in pictorial
and verbal assaults on every one who is opposed
in any way to the Hon. Richard Croker and his
friends. The editor feels the dignity of his
post and glories in the law-abiding character
of New York statesmen, whose manner of
receiving attacks and acting under them is
different from that of the statesmen of the
South, where the editor began his work. Yes-
terday :+he swung off the morning train from
Albany with a copy of his paper in his hand,
On the station platform was a friend. The
editor recognized him and spread out the paper
before him.

“TI tell you,” he said, “there's a big difference
between this State and Texas. Why, when I
was in Texas if 1 had attacked a public man
as those men are attacked here I wouldn't
dare to walk on the street without having my
hand on @ six-shooter, Why, sir, if 1 said in
‘Texas io a paper what [ say in that paper about
men in public life do you know what would
happen? I would no more than get my head
outof the doo, thanit would be bang, bing, bang
fromevery side, It would be as much as aman’s
life was worth to say a thing of that kind
preter the Now York system, The Texas way
s more lively, but itis enervating, The strain
fowp there is too great, But it is enutertain-
ng.”

The Hon. John Rhiele, known throughout
New York county, took a ride yesterday in one
of the elaborate hacks that infest Saratoga’s
streets, Mr Khiele wanted to know about
the springs. He had asked the attendants
at most of them, and had been informed that
the water and the gas were natural. But Mr.

Hele was not satisfied, so he questioned the
driver

Are all these springs on the level?” he said
“Well, sir,” sald the driver, “the most of
‘em needs fixing.”
‘They do, eh?” said Rhiele
you happen to know about io”
“I was the dipper boy down there once,” said
the driver, “and we hada salen ‘Remember the
dipper boy.’ I thought folks might remember
me better if I got around early, so I chased up
there at 6 o'clock one mornin The boss was
there, and he fired me out 4, I went up the
next morning, and he threw me out again. But
after a while 1 got up there one morning, and he
did not see me. He was putting the bag in the
well, I see him do it. So then I told him.
1 said: ‘Boss, you needn't bother about coming
around here so early, just to fix things u;
I know how to dott now and IT might just as
well. You needn't come around.” So the boas
6 didn’t come around any more, and I fixed
em up. Yes, they all need fixing up a little.”

Mr. Rhiele said afterward that his rule in
life waa “When in doubt ask the cabmen.”

“And how do

The distinguished Tammany men who are
here have heard with wonder and sorrow of
the misfortunes which overtook Gen. Francis
Vinton Greene's private secretary, Capt.
King, while he was in town at the Republican
State Convention last week. Capt. King is
an athlete and he decided to ride to the con-
vention on his bicycle He got to Saratgra
all right with anew and expensive
camera strapped to his bicycle and a diamond
yin concealed about his person The
ret day he was here an accident
happened to hia machine, by which ~~ frout
wheel was stnashed so that it could not be
used. Capt King was so busy taking photo-
@raphe with the new camera that he didn't
mind the loas of the wheel so much as he might
otherwise have done He got 4 lot of pictures
and was pretty well pleased with the excursion
The wheel being out of commission, he had

to return to ew York on the train
So he went down to the station and
dressed himself with the diamond pin There
was 9 bie crowd at the station and

Capt. King found the camera which he carried
in his handin the way. When it came time for
him to getin line to buy his ticket he nid the
camera on a windowsill for safe keeping. He
ot his ticket and went back to where he had
eftthecamera, Some wicked resident of Sara-
toga had seen it first and got away with it,
Capt. King was justly indignant. He made up
his mind to find the thief. There was a big
crowd in the station and every other person
seemed to have a camera in his hand. Capt,
King began fn inspection of each one, believing
that he might find the one which had heen
stolen from him. To tnspect all the cameras
took him into the thick of the crowd. He
didn't see the one which had been stolen from
fon and at last he gave the search up as a bad
ob.

“Well, L can't find it,” he said when he joined
his friends,

“Too bad,” they sald.
mond?”

Capt. King clutched at his neck scarf and
elt for the pin. It had gone, too. Some one
ad nipped it while he waa looking for the
camera. Capt King got between two friends
and held his ticket in both hands. He didn’t
let go of it until the conductor came along,
The Saratoga police are searching for the cam-
era and the pin. The bicycle has gone home
by freight.

One of the Chautauqua county delegates has
a room with a bath in the United States Hotel,
In front of the bathtub was a mat with the

words “Bath Mat” worked on it in elaborate
characters. yhen the statesinan arose and
repared for his morning dip he saw the mat
or the first time. He could not make out just
what it was for, but after a good deal of hard
thought he reasoned it out that the mat must
be intended to soften the tub for the bather
so he put the matin the bottom of the tub an

turn the water on. The mat floated for
awhile, and then, becoming soaked, sank. When
it reached the bottom the delegate decided
that the bath was ready, and plunged in. When
the matron found it In the tub she was at loss
fo explain its situation, but she finally com.
for herself with the decision that it was
“one of those queer Democrats” and took the
precaution of hanging a large sign on the wall
warning the delegate not to blow out the gas.

“Where's your dia-

 

No one has been louder in his denunciation
of the Hon Richard Croker than William Hep-
burn Russell. Mr Russell spoke for John C,
Sheehan in the last primary campaign fro
the same platform with Dr Hamiten Mama,
and he was not far behind Dr. Williams in seor-
ing Tammany and its leader. Mr Russell
Was a passenger on the same train that brought
Mr. Croker to Saratoga, and on the trip he was
introdueed to Mr. Croker by Fred Fiegel. Mr
Russel] acted as though he was very glad to meet
Mr. Croker, and_had a long talk with hirn, just
as though the Tammany chieftain had never
been the object of his attacks So the old ree
mark was repeated that no fellow can tell what
is going to bappen in politios until it does hap-
pen.

 

Congressman Sulzer looks lonely without a
specific boom. Usually Mr. Sulver has a boom
that is unmistakable and he plants his lightning

rod immediately under the most threatening
thunder cloud, At this convention, however,
he is wandering around apparently without
any valid claim on anything. It was ln Chicago
in 1896 that the Sulver boom for Vice-President
was observed first. Mr. Sulver moved grandly
into Faust’s late one night and found Con-
gressman Cummings and a party eating luneh-
eon,

“Amos,” said the man who looks like Hlenry
Clay, “I am sure to get the nomination for Vice-
President.”

“Never wind, Billy,” replied Mr, Cummings,
“sit down; we're adventurers ourselves,”

 

The Sullivans and the Engels didn't arrive
this afternoon with the other Tammany men
They were off on a great anti-imperialictic
pienio with all of the pugilists) They are ex.

expected this moraing. and to-night the Street
Cleaning Department is at work getting Broad-
way slicked up for them to march over The
Sullivans will bring with them the full member-
apip of the anti-lmperialist election district
clubs of the Sixth, whose members are studying
imperialism under the direction of the Rev
Billy Leonard | Their battle ery will be “We
wish to remain free people,” which is inseribed
on all of the Bryan and Stevenson banners
which Mr Croker has raised in New York city
Sullivan outin are sometimes exhausting,
and it was said to-day that some of the anti-
imperialists might not feel like an extended
march this evening

To Care a Cold tn One Day.
Take Laxat've Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
sists refund the money If it fatis tw cure E,W.
rove’s signature is on each box. 254—Ade

Sr

MBER 11, 1900.

CROWDS HEAR ROOSEVELT,

MEET HIM
wis.

 

 

CHEERING THOUSANDS
AT LA CROSSE,

A Great Audience Taken Off Their Feet by
His Appeal to Their Patriotism-La Crosse
a Democratic City, Too~Scandinavians
Show Marked Enthasiasm—The Speeches.

LAcnosss, Wis,, Bept. 10.—This is a Demo-
cratio town, the Republicans of Lacrosse tell
Gov. Roosevelt and his friends, At least it
Was a Democratic town before Bryan ran
on the half-dollar platform for the first time.
It was carried by the Republicans in 1806, it
was carried by them tn the State election in
1898: from the way it acted to-day there is litte
doubt in the mind of any one who witnessed
the demonstration that Lacrosse will this year
become a Republican town for good and all,

Lacrosse is interesting politically because it
ia the weakest spot, speaking by Republican
standards, in the State. On the stage to-day
were more old-time Democrats than you can
count on your fingers and toes, Gov, Roose-
velt in his speach mentioned the names of sev-
eral of them to his audience; the audience took
up the roll where he left off and went on calling
the name of Democrat after Democrat of this
vicinity who has left his party in ite day of
degradation and has turned to the standard of
honest money.

The whole population of the city has been on
the streets all day. Besides the population of
Lacrosse tbere have been here also a large part
of the inhabitants of every town and city within
160 miles of Lacrosse. They came in on the
early morning trains with their women folk
and stood about the #etreets all day waiting to
get a look at the Vice-Presidential candidate,
Many of them came with bands and uniform
hats. Like most Western bands, those of Wis-
consin are not limited in their music producing
by the contracts they have made with the or-
ganization which hired them. They play be-
cause they like it. These bands have gathered
in the public squares and at the street corners
and in front of hotels and have kept tooting and
booming until they looked as if they had fallen
into the Mississippi and were exercising to get
dry. Forithas been ascorching hotday.

When the Minne*tota, Gov. Roosevelt's car,
reached Lacrosse at 11 o'clock and was de-
tached from the train which usually drags
none but mail cars, he found the town all dec-
orated in his honor and all the streets around
the Cameron House, which is half hotel and
half raflroad station, were seething with people
who wanted to see him. The first meeting
of the day had been set for2 P.M. Gov. Roose-
velt went up to a room in the hotel and occupied
himself with his mail, while the people clam-
ored impatiently outside for the parade to
begin. He was prompt in obedience t® their
demand and at precisely 2 o'clock was on the
steps of the hotel waiting for his carriage
There was a riot then and there. The people
forgot all about the parade the minute they
set eyes on his face. They wanted to get hold
of his hand; little they cared whether it was
the righ@hand or the left. Old grizzled
Swedes and Norwegians fought with one
another like wild cats for a chance to get close
enough to lay a heavy hand on hia ehoulder
and say

“Aye tank you be der fine Vice-President
pretty quick, Teddy ”

Laughing and thanking them all at once, he
shook hands with as many as he could reach
and waved his appreciation to the rest. The
parade itself was not participated in by the
people The night parade was reserved for
the marching clubs. But the sidewalks were
like the Broadway sidewalks when the Seventy-
first came back from Cuba, exoept that there
was more noise on these sidewalks. There was
nobody to be sorry for, there was no trace of
suffering and privation past or to come about
the Governor or the prominent business men of
La Crosse, whose carriages followed him. la
Crosse is a spread-out city. Folk here say
that it looks now just as Jt did fifteen years
ago, except for the trolley and the electric
lighta. They say that the way to measure
the growth of the town is by the Increase in
the bank deposits and that these deposits have
increased almost as much fn the last four years
as in all the ten years before then. That, they
say, is why the vote of the town In these days
#0 steadily denies the tradition that it is Demo-
cratic

Through these sparsely built up streete— there
are miles of them with only three or four houses
to a block—the procession of carriages rolled
slowly while folk on the sidewalks cheered
and folk on the steps of the houses waved
flags and handkerchiefs. These were all people
who expected to hear the Governor talk at the
night meeting. At the rink were 4,000 coatlesa,

perspiring men, whohad been holding their
seats patiently for an hour or more. They
greeted the Governor's appearance with acheer
which was tempered with relief. They had
suffered long ‘he rink was great, low,
barn-like structure, which was like an oven.
Senator Knute Nelson, who came over from
Minnesota to do some work among the Scan-
dinavians of Wisconsin, who all took to him ag
to a promnes. Joined Gov. Roosevelt here and
was the first speaker at the meeting. He was
introduced by Congressman Esch, who presided.
Congressman Esoh, in reminding his hearers
that the State of Wisconsin had given Senator
Nelson and Davis to Minnesota and Senator
Thurston to Nebraska, sald:
‘But we are not puffed up. We have the
best of reasons for humility. We cannot for-
et that we also gave Pettigrew to South Da-
Rata " (Groans ard prolonged hoots.|

Senator Nelson went into Just such a alow,
ainstaking demolition of the Bryan talk about
colonial policy "aa the sort of menin his audience
yanted to listen to, They interrupted him
with a short shout of approval every time he
developed a new point or presented a new lnk
in the chain of proof that Bryan waa the best
friend of the traitor and thief and tyraps Aguin-
aldo. Hetalkedforanhourandahalf. When
he said that he had talked enoug> they shouted
as one man, “More! Go on! We would have
some more!”

The reception given to Roosevelt when he
entered was as nothing to the reception he had
when Congressman Esch introduced him as the
man who was the embodiment of the spirit of
young Americanism to-day. THE SvuN man
Rook out his watch after the cheering had been
started and eaw the hand go round the minute
circle twice before the place quieted down.
And the band was not playing any of the time.

“Aye tank you are all right.” shouted a young
fellow who was jammed up against the-wall at

the back.

“When I get a reception like this,” said the
Governor, “1 begin to think that I am all right
myself.’

Theodore Roosevelt bas not any great reputa-
tion as an orator. He carries his point, they
say, by hie earnestness and sincerity But

when he closed his speech this afternoon he
did a thing that few people have ever seen him
do. He took his audience off their feet and
made them cheer him as only men who handle
a crowd as they please usually do He had
been making his familiar plea to the Grand
Army men that they remember the crisis that
confronted the country when Abraham Lin-
coln was renorninated in 1864, and he had asked
them to realize that the present crisis while
it was far leas important than that was still
the most Important that had confronted the
country since then

“Tt would have been better to elect Mr. Bryan
four years ago,” he said with the utmost im-

reasivenesas, “it would have heen better to
yave suffered the grinding misery each and
every one of us would have suffered in the past
four years, it would have been better to have
elected him then than now when wehavesetour
hands to the task, than to flinch when it is
half done and to bring upon ourselves the
double misery of fo'':re in a thing well begun,
leaving a legacy of »hame and dishonor upon
our children who come after us.”

He sat down, but the people, would not let
him stay down ey made hip get up, and
they stood up and cheered thénselves: when
the cheers had began to scatter again the Gov-
ermor tumed to look for his chair But the
lender of the band had other planes He started
“Amertea” Up into the air went the crowd
again and up #&prang the Governor, and the
hymn made the place ring until the dust «lifted
down from the rafters

When the Governor left the rink he found
about 2,000 women around the doors waiting
for him 5 They wanted to lift uptheir children
so that the little ones might eay hereafter that
they had aeen Gov Roosevelt The Governor
shook hands with as many as he could reach
and sent thirty or more high schoo! girls nearly
into fits of emharrasaed pride by granting a
blnehing request that he would shake hands
with them

The night meeting wae far larger than the one
in the afternoon. Trains had been bringing
more peonle into the city all the afternoon
Not nearly all of them could get into the rink,
and there was a tremendous open-air meeting
outside The parade was led by the Sparta
Republican. Club. Most of them were old
farmers and had winekers that a Peffer need not
be ashamed of. They carried white rarasols
on which American flags in colors and the por-
traita of McKinley and Roosevelt appeared
They shook these umbrelias flercely at Col,
foosevelt as he rode past them. There were

eee rr
—_ 8 ee

 

gpout of them. Then there was a Rushford
ub whose members wore sombreros with blue
scarfs tied about them. Col. Roosevelt sald:

“This is no ordinary campaign, for it prop-
erly goes beyond and above party Lpee, and
we appeal to all good citizens to stand with us
alike for the sake of the national interests and
the national honor, We ask the support not
only of Republicans but of all Democrats who

ut their loyalty to their country above their
Foaling for a party which as retained only Its
party name and has repudiated all ite best
rinclples
. There are various vital issues in this cam-

align. Weare fortunate enough in being able
‘Oo state our position with absolute clearness
on each and we agree on them all. Our oppo-
nents, on the other band, dare not 60 much as
mention some of their issues in certain section
of the country, No issue can possibly be o
greater importance than the currency, for a
sound and stable currency, is the absolutely
wusary prerequisite to industrial prosperity:
Very many of Hrs an’s supporters in the East
feel that he is so wrong on this queren that
they actually dare not allude to it at all and
shamefacedly excuse their adherence to him
by trying to pretend that {t is not an igsue.
Yet not only did the Kansas City platforin
specifically repeat the declaration in favor of
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1,
but last week at Zanesville, Ohio, Mr. Bryan
himself stated: ‘The party stands where it did
ip 1806 on the money question,’ and he has again
made the same statement since. No sound
money man, whatever his party affiliations may
have been in the past, can afford to support Mr
Bryan now. His success would mean precisely
the same disasters now that it would have meant
four years ago. tt the nation was right to
reject him then (t will be guilty of the utimost
wrong to itself if it failed to reject him now.

“Aa for milltoriam, am informed that IT
have rather overestimated the strength of the
American standing army . To-day on @ war
basis it actually consiste only of eighty-six-one-
hundredth of a man toevery 1,000 people of our
opulation and to every sixty-eight miles of our
erritory. When peace is restored to the I hilip-
pines, as {t will be once the insurgents are
convinced that our opponents will not come into
power and help them, our army will be atill
further diminished To compare our army under
such conditions with an army of the smallest
European Power is an absurdity. We are just
as far away from militariam now as we ever
were under Jefferson of dackson 7

“When our opponents speak of imperialism
ther generally refer to our retention of the
Philippine Islands. Now, when we face, the
Philippine Islands we have to face certain facts
as they are. First and foremost, we have to
face the fact that there is no possible way for
henorable retreat from the islands while this
armed insurrection is in progress Our first
dute isto putit down. Until this has been done
neither peace nor liberty can be given to the
islands. It is to be observed that Mr Bry an
begs the whole question when he says our first
duty is to oatablish a stable government of
course that means we are to be judges of its
stability, andon Mr. Bryan's own theory it can
not be p.ore important that the government
should be etable than that it should secure usual
liberty and equal rlghts to all. So you see that
Mr. Bryan is definitely committed to the problem
that we have to establish a stable government
which will give full liberty as well as order in
the islands

“Well, this is exactly what we are doing and
what our opponenta are eopereene by the
Kansas City platform through the encourage
ment they give to our foes, To abandon the
islands now would be to abandon therm to chaos,
to humilate ourselves, and, with gross and
wanton breach of faith, to turn over the natives
who have been friendly to the tender mercies
of the insurgent chiefs. We are not only givig
order to the islands, but we are already & ving
far greater measure of liberty than t % have
ever before had in all their history. he in-
surgetita would represent not liberty, bit the
rosaest tyranny by a small fraction of war-
ke islanders over & majority of their fellows.
Not merely in the interests of civilization and
humanity, but in the interests of freedom, of
liberty, as free and liberty-loving nations
understand the vord, we qhould stay in the
islands until we have dene honestly and fairly
the work which Providence has allotted us
to do.”

It came out this afternoon that there had
been considerable fuss in local politics on ac
count of the Governor's visit. Locally the
city is really Democratic. The Mayor ts a
Democrat, tte ordered the janitor of the
City Hall not to run up_the flag on the main
tlag pole on account of Gov. Koosevelt’s visit,
The Board of Public Works, which has a lot of
Gold Democrats in It, held a quick meeting
and ordered the janitor to put up the flag.
The janitor went to the Mayor and thep came
back and said he did not dare to put up the fing.
The Board of Public Works went to the City
Hlall in a body, threw the janitor out and put
up the flag themselves og left a guard of
two men at the foot of the flag staff and the
flag is flying there yet.

Col. Roosevelt left here at 10 o'clock to-night
and will be at Flandreau, 5, D., to-morrow
ats A.M.

ROOSEVELT GOING TO NEBRASKA.

 

He Will Make Forty Speeches ta Four Days ta
Bryan's State,

Cuicaao, Sept. 10.—Gov. Roosevelt
invade Bryan's home State and make forty
speeches in four days. The plan is to upset
the idea that no one but Bryan has popularity
and strength in Nebraska and demonstrate to
the country at large that the Republican can-
didates have an immense following there.

On the evening of Sept. 30 Chairman Riges
and others forming a delegation to travel with
Gov. Roosevelt will meet him at Atchinson,
Kan, The speaking will begin on Monday morn-
ing, Oct. 1, the first speech being made at
Auburn. The other places for that
day are Tecumseh, Hastings, Bea-
trice, Minden, Wilber, Aoldredge, Crete.
Arapahoe, Fairmont, McCook and Sutton,
The last-named point will be reached in the
evening for a night meeting On Oct. 2, along
the Union Padfic road (ov. Roosevelt will
speak at North Platte, Lexington, Kearney,

Grand Island, Aurora, Seward, Lancoln, Ash-
land and Plattsinonth. On Oct. 8, along the Elk-
horn Valley Railroad, he will speak at Broken
Bow, Hyannis, Alliance, Crawford and Chadron
The train will carry Mr Roosevelt and his
varty across the border over into South Da-
Kota for a night meeting at Deadwood. Oo
Oct. 4, along beth the Thora Valley
Union Pacific roads, he will ak at Valen-
tine, Ainaworth, Bassett, Ne . O'Neill, Nor-
folk, Stanton, West Pojnt, emont, Blair
and Omaha
At Omaha It {s proposed that he shall witness
one of the greatest night demonstrations ever
got up there in honor of any candidate for
office” The longest stop is to be made at Lin-
coln. The candidate will be taken off the
train there to review a parade of marehing
clubs and aprak from a stand either in the
State House grounds or the public park.

will

and

 

 

CHICAGO PLATFORM DEMOCRATS.

They Make It Plutn That They Favor Mackey
for Gov raor,

BaRATOGA, Sept. 10.—The Executive Commit-
tee of the Chicago Ptatform Democrats met
here to-night at the Grand Union Hotel. The
meeting was called with a view of protecting
Mr. Bryan's interesta in this State this fall,
in view of the differences existing between
the Croker-Murphy and Hill ends of the party.
Chairman Thomas W. Cantwell presided at

the meeting. Other jending light resent were
John McCarthy, the 16 to 1 undertaker of Syra-
cuse, and Jay W. Forest of Niagara Falls, The
members of the committee held an informal
talk, but failed to see that they could accom-
pian anything to-night or before the conven-
ion plans were more matured, and adjourned

 

untdl morning.

The members of the committee made it plain
that they favor the nomination of Senator
Mackey for Governor, though nothing was

publicly uttered against Mr. Stanchfleld, Chair-
iran Cantwoll said that what the Chicago lat-
orm Vemoerats wanted was a candidate for

Governor for whom the party will not have to
epologize either as to how he stood in 1996 or

since hey also want a.clean man, whose
integrity. is unquestioned, as well as one
who will unite the party in f¢ inter-

est of Pryan's election. They believe feoator
Mackey would be such a candidate, and that
his nomination would not place the party on
the defensive While they had nothing to say
especially against Mr. Stanchfleld, Mr. (
said his stand in 1896 had been questioned
This criticism was met by Frank Hulette of
Niagara, who was present at the meeting. and
who said he had been told by an Fimira man
that Mr. Stancbfield had voted for Bryan io
1896 and was seen to mark h
before he entered the booth

antwell

ballot for Bryan

MACKEY BOOMERS ARRIVE.
Imposing Entrance Into Seratoga With Band
and Banners.

Saratooa, Sept, 10.—Senator William Flem-
ing Mackey's friends and hic boomers from
Erie made the most imposing entrance jnto
town that any delegation has presented, They
arrived at 6 o'clock, a hundred and fifty strong,
and brought their yeliing apparatus with them.
They formed behind the Reception Committee
and the Seventy-fourth Regiment Band at the
station ina double column and marched to
the Grand Union. They had a banner with
the picture of Senator Mackey and the in-
ecription “For Governor” at the head of the
column, and each man bore a banner with the
name Of Mackey in blue letters on a white
ground, As the column awung into Broad.
wa © Mackey men began to cheer vigor-
0 sal , and they keptit up until they had reached
the Grand Union. Each had a Mackey badge,
and to-night they are telling the Tammany
men how wood a Governor Mr. Mackey would
make, Their cheers were the first that have
been heard here,

    
 

 

We are wholesalers as wel! as
retailers of good clothing.

‘That means early preparation,

That means if you're sending
your boy away to school his mid.
winter clothing is just as readily
found here as that for early Fall,

Everything for boys is ready,

For men, too.

Rogers, Peer c» Company,

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
end 7and 0 Warren St

669 Hroadway, cor. Prince

1260 Hroadway, cor. 52d,
and 54 West 33d St

HANNA SEES WORK ALEAD,

“WE WAVE ACONTEST ON OUR HANDS,'
HE SAYS, “ANDA HARD ONP."

We fill orders
by mall,

 

‘There Is a Great Deal of Overconfidence,”
He Added, ‘and That Is Not the Hight
Spirtt With Which to Enter a Campaign"
~Republicans Must Work to Win, He Says,

Cyicaco, Sept, 10.--Senator [anna came to
town to-day, hung his coat on a pew at the
Republican National Ileadquarters and an-
nounced that he was ready for business, The
national chairman arrived from Cleveland
accompanied by his secretary, Mr. Dover,
and will stay in Chicago two Then
he will pay the New York headquarters a brief
visit and return to Chicago for the remainder
of the campaign.

“Iam making no boasts about the election,”
said Chairman Hanna. “It is work that counts,
and Lam here to work and help the committes
run the campaign. I appreciate the fact that
this cay paign is one of desperation onthe part
of thote opposed to the Republican party, and
it is well |) understand that the battle never is
won unl. .tis over. Yes, there is a great deal
of what is called overconfidence It is ex-
cusable, however,'for it fa natural to confide
in the common sense and good judgment of
the people. Overconfidence is not the right
spirit with which to enter a campaign, and it is
our intention to do everything to makesure
a Republican victory. We have a contest on
our hands, and it is a hard one, but nothing
will be left undone that should be done to bring
success."

Mr. Hanna says that the prosperity of this
year belng greater even than In 1892, there is
more danger in the overconfidence of Repub-
licans and business men than it was in that
year, when President Harrison was defeated,
not by the increased vote given to the Demo-
cratic candidate, but by the stay-at-home
Republican voters, who thought there was no
necessity for them to neglect business to go
to the polls

“Overconfidence fs responsible for the apathy
eo far manifest in this campaign,” said Mr.
Hanna, “Everybody is busy and prosperity
is general. The people are satisfied with the
existing conditions. They are satisfied to let
well enough alone and they are confident that
there will be no change, They do not all re-
Alize, however, that confidence does not win

Nitieal battles. There were nearly 600,000

publican voters so confident in 1402 that Pre>-
ident Harrison would be reélected that they
did not take the trouble to go to the polls.
Their negligence, due to overconti-
dence cost the Republican party that election
Weare ipeing the same conditions in this cam-

align. The Republicans are confident and the
Yemocrats are making @ desperate fight to
win. The National Committee knows the plau
of battle of the Democrats. We know that
they are planning to recapture hern-
tuecy, West Virginia, Maryland and Delaware
earry New York and Indiana and elect Mr
Bryan. These States all should be Republican
this year, as they were in 1896. Hut they are
not sure Republican States, They are to be
won and they are, therefore, doubtful in that
sense.” : 5

Do you admit New York 1s a doubtful State

“[ admit that New York is doubtful in the
sense that the Republicans cannot set it down
as certain to give its electoral vote to McKinley
We must fight for New York, The Democrats
are going to make a desperate fight to carry
that State. They have acvantages they never
before had in a national campaign. They
have control of Greater New York, and Tam-
many has the control of over $00,000,000 of

ublic revenues. We know that Mr. Croker
nas made a ceal with Mr, Bryan, He will be
loyal to Bryan, and he will make his assessments
upon all in the fnterests that are within his
power. He can command ample funds to wage
@ grent campaign. He will ao it, and he will
neglect no aavantage he holds in his effort to
give Tammany control of New York State as
well as New York city, [tis foolish for me
to talk about our wanes New York without
a fight. I believe we will win the strate, but
not without a big fight and every Kepublican
going to the polls.”

“[a Indiana doubtful?”

“In the same way, yes. We cannot set down
Indiana as a sure Republican State, because
the Democrats are making a deaperate effort
to carry it. Indiana has never wiven larger
majorities. It has alternated between the
yarties. The Republicans can claim the eec-
tore! ryote only after they have decided to nak:
as hard a fight as the Democrata. They can-
not claim the State by ignoring the fight U.ey are
facing. The same is true of the other States
If Republicans sleep they will be beaten
do not desire to be rewarded as an alarmist,
but I am intrusted with the conduct of thls
campaign forthe Republicans and] want them
to realize that there is always grave danger
in over confidence. We have a flght on our
nands, and unless we are willing to flght es

ard as the aepyeee. we are in danger of
getting whipped”

Concerning the present issues Senator Hanna
said: ‘Boiled down, the issue on the other side
Bryanism. The opposing is present condi-
tions The country wants to continue present
conditions, which are normal conditions when net
handicapped by Bryanism. There is neo diss«
sition in our party to avoid the impertaliern
issue, but we do not intend te allow
Bryan and his managers to avoid the silver
iasue. Inthe Fast astatement made by Senater
Hoar is causing pesh talk. Senator Hear 4
postion on the Philippine question ts we'll

nown, but he sald it would not lead hin tr
desert the Republican party. fe declared [pa
recent speech that antl-impertalism is mere’® &
pack which Bryan is wearing to hide his other
eatures, Senntor Hoar {s tearing. the mas
from the candidate, and by Nov. 61 guess no-
body will be deceived by the mask.” ‘
In answer to a question about the threatene’
strike amona the coal miners, Benater Har
said: “Such a atrike would have an effect "It
the cempalan. but I do not pretend to know
what way it would produce an effect Ther
should be no politios {n such a thing as tha!

trikes are the result of honest differences, a!
am !n favor of settling them amicably

~ FLY TO PIECES.

The Fffect of Coffee on Highly Organtzed
People.

“T have been a coffee user for years, andabout
two years ago got into a very serious conditior
of dyspeneta and indigestion, It reemed ton
I would fly to pieces. Twasso nervous th!)

the least noise | was distressed, and many tin
oft

weeks

 

t

could not straighten myself up becans

pain
“My physician told me I must ror eat ars

heavy or strong food and ordered a diet, @iv'ré
me some medicine IJ followed directions cof
fully, but kept on us ne coffee and didn! &
any better. Las: winter husband, who ®
away on business, hod Vos ura Food tof
served to him {n the family where be boarded
“He liked itso well that when he camel
he brought some with him We began ure
and I found it most exellent While Ll drank |
my stomach never bothered me in the lene
and 1] got over my nervous troubles WI
the Postum was all gone we return to cof
then my stor ach began to burt mea!
and the nervi uscorditions came on aen't
‘That showed me era tiy what was the ¢
of the whole trouble, so | quit drinking «
altogether and kent on us ng Poatum |
Coffee. The oid troubles ieft egain and |
bave never had any troublesince.” Amee Oven,
Mt. Ephraim, Obio.—Ade,