WARM SULLIVAN PICNIC, |

 

ING WENT AT THE GREAT

T
der} [MPBRIALIST CHOWDER.

ANTI- Bs
o Fights and « Few little
Md Reger pide-Fare, Roulette and 28 |
Other Kinds of Gambling to Speed the
Passing Hoar Good Day for Pickpookets,
rialists of the East Side, friends
oeaters of Timothy D. Sullivan, State |
fenator, DACher of prize fighters, friend of the |
florton law and all-around sport, went on their
ya) outing yesterday to College Point,
Fest they had @ parade through the streeta of
the district, which Senator Sullivan has repre-
peated in the Legislature for sixteen consecu-
thre yoars and which he expecta to represent
for at least a* many more, his health and pall
itting. The parade was a nice clean affair
on) tbe followers of the mighty Tim looked
go trim and neat in thetr yachting caps and olean
tare that Comptroller Coler, who viewed
the parade from the Sullivan clubhouse on the {
Bowery said that It was one of the nicest he
had aver sean, Mr. Coler didn’t go over to
»oint
ag Se Republic carried almost 4,000 |
ful) vanites to the piente grounds and fully |
9,000 more drifted in by train and ferryboat
ip the course of the day. Those who went on |
the boat at action of the liveliest kind before
they got to College Potnt. About 100 gamblers
bad taken posseaston of the deaks, and their
layouts were everywhere to be seen. Headed
the Senator, Plortie Sullivan, young Tim |
gulltvan, Mike Sullivan, “ Google-Byed” Sullivan
and « dozen others of the olan of Sullivan, |
the paraders marohed on the pier at the foot of
Cinton street, and began to fill the boat, After
the Sullivans came & small army of poltticians,
It you hold «4 job in the Street
(leaning Department, you are @ politician on
the East Side There were many of these poll-
tictans in the line. After them came &@ oom
pany of lawyers from the Essex Market court,
to wham the friev dship of the Senator form |
the Sixth f« sometimes very valuable. Be |
hind these wae 4 small army of saloon keepers,
bartenders, sheet writers and cashiers from
the pool reams, Chinese and others fram China-
town, gemblar, sports and prize fighters.
The prive fighters had a company all to them-
selves. Sailor Tom Sharkey was thetr cap-
tain, and in his line were Kid Mocoy, doe Wal-
cott, Terry McGovern, Chuck Connors and
about two doven amaller fry, whose ring oa-
fears have consisted entirely of furnishing
prettminartes at the bia events.

Whan 4,000 parsons ware on the boat the |
captain refused to take another man, whare- |
upon there was 4 first-class row. A squad
of polloemen manage! to hold the tafl-ond
of the parade in cheok, however, while the
gangplank was pulle! in and the steamer
got out in the atream Those left behind cussed
for a while and then went up to the Ninety
ninth street ferry, reaching the grounds ab
most as soon an those who went on the steamer.
These jatter hailed the gamblers on board
with genuine joy, Most of them knew the
men at the wheels and other layouta by their
firet names. The play began at onoe. A)-
most every inch of the three decks was taken
up pv the gamblers, and there wero others
walking around with folding tables under
their arms and gtips in their hands looking
for @ good place to plant themaelvas, There
was a crow! around every layout,
and pickpockets circled fn and out amo
the players helping themselves to whatever
ther could find in onventopt pockets. Watches
began to disappear, and @oon the alr feng
with the waitings of the losers. Among those
on phe poet wee Ot tae we ineeneece of the
iy can an any 00 00 a pickpocket on the boat
aa to pick out a policeman, but bo one thought
\t worth whe to interfere with the business

antiimpertalst. Everything goes of
plenio. So the pickpocke's led
made rich hauls One lg t

Thr
One

 

youth, however, made the mistake of
up om a Bowery saloo keeper, 9a
fitirnate f of the Senator 6 got e
man's watch, and was paagng {t back to a
confederate whan 4 ‘entral Office detectiv
goied it ft "~ returned to it4 owner an
plokpooket slouched away. But nothing
4a) ito him: be wasn't even watehed during
the rest of the .

Allo: ..e gambiing @ames came to a stand
stil] ag the Grand Republie passed Blackwell's
Island, and expressions of regret were heard
opalaides. One red-nosed yor man pointed
sadly across the water and said to his com
Pamon

“There's many a boy there as was wae us
lat year, Gee, but it’s tough on them to have
to wate us g> by when if the excursion was
4 week later they might be with us.”

Similar expressions were heard on all sides,
From the Island came shouts of greeting from
both prisoners and keepers, moet of the latt

appointees, indirectiy, of the patron saint o

 
   
  

the outlog. One of th fired his Olver
fn the air six times aa ¢ Granc ublic
oa by

mst two hours at the grove were non-

ert | Breakfast was serced, and while
the men from the Sixth were eating, thoir
friends of the gambling out ie were busy |
i" (ting up thelr apparatus. When every-

ing Was raady for the apaedy separation of
the plenicker and his money, the grove pre
sented a remarkable ecene, considering that {It
is Inaide the corporate limita of the city of New
York There were exactly 19§ different gamb-
ling stands, and thirty differant kin of
games The big wheels of fortune, which
were nailed against the trees, got most
{tie businass. One of these wheels was fully
ten feet in diameter and was made in the most
@\pensive faa lo Around it were five tables,
Makivg Toon for about a hundred men to play
hegameatonce. It was the old game of red
Qod Diack with numbers and a sta® thrown tn.
There were fully twenty emailer gamea in
ration and their backers made a fortune,

né garnibling wanton incessantly all day long.

tae STove was full of uniformed policemen.
Neny of thase colfad their coats and took a
bad in the games. This was a aight to be

80" ata Sullivan plenie and nowhere else,

Une of the few who got the best of the gnmb-
Was Aumist J, Gloistetn, the deep sea fish-
oy fea and Simon Btetneus, the

econd avenue, went up net a
ted and black game. (Gildistein winked at the
yonker and said, “I'm in,” in & low voice, and

r fiftee: minutes cashed his beta, until he

Was 40 to the good. Then he quit and started
Darvied hin of the man running the game
nat4 on, Gloistein,” he said, “you dan't get

Mou were ¢ pping the gama, you know.”

fh pnt, °n Four life,” said Gloistein, “I vinned
I use it for myself.”
red and black man, realizing that he

 

had fooled with the wrong man, stopped de-

Bar ww A Settlement, Mo the mean 5
Gingut, who had lost the greater part 8

i Laat lao lost his watch, Looking up at
loletein, with a sickly emiie, he waid

ft nw watcl, (rus. I guess some one took

I tink dot dey’ll kee «|
. . PD up de Joke, Simon,
Tang wolatein's efponse, and {ron the two
lotete{ and hal some Leer from the keg.
Watch 5 wasn't the ony an who lost a
More than a hundred such cases were
a ey Dozens of other ereone Were re-
Re a of scarf ping, shirt etuds and money.
pavor Sullivan and his friends epent thelr
fur ‘hy playing poker. According to report
Dilard room where the game was fn
ae. Nay Was pretty heavy One
fade was not raked in by the Benator,
scores a ere contained $1,800. There were
tay BM) joker games in the grove, but
early, too, he all limit games They stopped
take &ohe'et ch almost everybody wanted to
Best ¥ at the real thing gambling
Were thee the gambling en‘ertainment, there
prize flehts on tre grounda, The

titrant: had “@°onds, bott!

t yids, bottle holders and
nee* * and the fights were real shige!
cheered th Thousands witnes@1 them an
form ae Drinctvals on. Policemen in uni-

thes ve iceme and devetives in plain
Ts fe wen Ong $1.6 Bpactators, but there
Rit Mecos Ph enon, Tom Sharkey and

Z (i with @ following of about
"eon treled around and looked at some
itt«k no partin them. In ad-
era 5 ~ * rmiiary arranged bouts there

are two dozen free f{ ite "horse.
+ tee stopped thease Kents, some. |
& arrest mad tem go on but fn no ones War
to me ab ok 1° only kiek anybody
Sapike at the grove in tact, save the hues
, Were robbed, waa that ser. |
having (eet any dinner, the supply |
Mit before aif Z Da be eg tneer the strain put |

AtBo'olock :
vi Ock the Grand Kepublie started bith

2

      

 

orr

   

Ina ‘
~ Be bot two thousand at College Point
{ Bae 0 be trolley and ferry boat. Pass
on ele laland on the return the keepers
' fireworks he were
jhe Fans Aas or, and cheers came back from
: ine Att! na here the Sulllwans
red i, Pp and paraded through thelr dis-
a ee of houses and siores on the
eK ® side atraats were decoratac
sera lanterns in their honor an
Were any |
Bownr

mead
The &

cheored

dollars’ worth of fireworks

me them bhnet to the

a livane late ¢

Dollars ¢'* Severn

Ws ty catch 7.

Sharge of thin
Ni

*r Saratoga at midnight
teen ears in the train firy
“a2 not get to the etatior
n did 1 in
hw tr Mr Martin Engel was in
‘-; rer eae, and many of the East Side
bough, ae board the train unt) he
a ne ont en ae en polictes fo
1 Cost 20 cen ,
Dald for’, goodly number, =

| clubs.

GILMAN SUCCEEDS MORGAN.

 

Appointed State Comptroller by Lieut,-Gov,
Woodreff,

IAeut.-Gov. Woodruff, as acting Governor,
yesterday aligned the commission of Theodore
P. Gilman as Comptroller of the State of New
York, to fill the vacancy created by the death
of Col. W. J. Morgan

Mr. Gilrnan was born near Paterson, N. J.,
June 90, 1857, but his parents moved to this |
city when he was 2 years of age, and he has |
ever since resided here He was graduated ,
from old 85, the most prominent of the public
schools of New York, at the age of 16, standing
seoond tn his class He chose a business carrer
and entered the employ of his father, who was.
the pioneer in the business of packing and |
shippi ult and game i
gentor died two Fears after his son was grad- |
uated from eohool, and the young man w
obliged to continue the business, relying largely |
upon his own resources. It is at the present
time the largest business house of its line lo
this country, and is conducted through over |
forty packing houses throughout the Sta

Mr. iunan was one o! the founders of tho |
Union Leagie Club in Brook iva, and for the
past ten years has been Preaident of the As-

oclation for the Pri ieotion of Game, Came \
Jealers and Consumers. He was an early |
member of the New York Mercantile Eschange,
and served fi, many years on its @xeoutive
committee, @ is aiso a member of the Colo-
nial, Commercial and West side publican
His family consists of a wife and two
ns, the latter being associated with him in

us}ness,
r. Gilman was appointed deputy by ©
troller Morgan and assumed the du 06 of thes
offloe on Jan. J 1900, the first day of Col. Mor-
g4an's term. 6 ides at 141 West me tem
street, in the Nineteenth Assembly c
His ee i Tate is only for the unexpir

 

term of his late chief, but his qame has been
urged from many quarters
to fill the vacancy on the
ticket.

GREETINGS TO CANDIDATES.

Depew on “‘the Sod Against the Gutter”—Odell
on Ramapo

The Republican Club in Fifth avenue was
full of Republicapisin last night. It was a
social occasion—a reception to the State cand!-
dates. Almost ever: body knew almost every
body else and from Senator Depew and Chatr-
man B. B. Odell to the youngest member of the
club they turned in and had a good time

All of the candidates now on the State ticket
were present except Lieut-Gov. Wood- |

ruff. who had to take care of a Congress con- | In the Atheneum, Clinton street and Atlantio |
Naturally this was held |
| to be a valid excuse, At 0 o'clock President | rut

vention in Brooklyn,

Depew mounted a stool so that hemight look

out over the heads of the crowd that jammed |

the parlors, and made a speach. faving Just
returned from the big Republican ratification

in Canton, he told of what enthusiastic out | oF 'ing

pouring there was in the President's hore.
The parade, he sald was © long that the wan
wouldn't hold {t, so thatthe leaders found
themsetves treading on the procession's tail,
“One of the most conspicuous examples
I know,” went on the Senator, changing the
subject, “of a prophet having honor tn his own
county is our candidate for Governor. He
haa lived tn the place where he waa born and
made his business career there a success. He
60 impreased hiinself on the good people of |
Newburgh that they sent him to Congresa
and wept on sending him until he wouldn't

 

the proper oné | John 8. he
Repub: can State | O'Neill secretaries

| that

ITHE SUN,

FOR CONGRESS FROM KINGS.

BROOKLYN REPUBLICANS NAME THEIB
CAN DIDATRS.

 

Enthustastio Conventions tn the Five Districts
of the County—Contests tn the Third ond
Pourth Districte—Jacob Worth Nominated
im the Fifth-All Factions in Harmony. ,

Congress conventions in the five districta
in Kings county were held last night, by the

Republicans and in each much Interest was

manifested The Republicans {pn all of the |

districts turned out fn large numbers and great |
enthusiasm prevailed. The incidental refer-
ences to President McKinley and Gov. Roose- |
velt were loudly cheered and the entire com |
yention proceedings clearly indicated that the

| Republicans forces in Brooklyn are lining up

for a rattling campaign. Even in the two
districta In which there were sharp conterta, |
there was an absence of any factional apirit. |
These were the candidates nominated fn |
the various districts:
Becond Distriot—Aenry B. Ketcham of the

First ward.
Third Dis lotb—Henry Bristow of the Twenty-
nd ward,
pure Distriot—Harry A. Hanbury of the
’ wir
ifth Diatriot—Jacob Worth of the Nineteenth

war!
warn District—Bert Reiss of the Sixteenth
ward.

The convention in the Becond district was
heldin the Johnston Building, and although the
result had been foreshadowed for several days
the hall was crowded with representatives of
the seven wards included in the district. The

officers were Alexancer Robb, chairman, and
3. Cohen, William Cheney and Thomas

fienryS Rejcham of the First ward was nom-
inated by Col. Normans. Dyke and the nomina-
ation wag seconded by Yeo. William C wallace
x-Sheriff Willlam utiling and George H
Lioberts. No other name was proposed, and
Mr. Ketch received the unanimous vote of
the oconvention. Mp. Ketcham appeared before
the convention and made a speech accepting
the nomination, eu ogiang the Administration
of Preaident McKinley. aod pledaigg himeelf to
work energetically until the close of th pelle 08 |
election day to rescue the district from |
Democracy,

Mr. KetCham is a lawyer and has long been
ap actice worker in the publican organiza- |
tion{n Brooklyn, He ts aceon ofJd.H. hetcham, |
the veteran Congressman from the Pougb-
keapsie district

he Third District Convention was held

aveniio. The hall was crowded and seated |

among the audience was ldeut.-Gov. Wood- |

Thera were 405 delega in the conven-

Records Commissioner George Waldo,

oilas B. Dutcher p Magistrate

fo nomination. Wilarn H.
the nomination.

Col. Edward BE. Britton ws pjaced tn nomk
nation by John G. Gage, and Dr. James A, Blake
Twenty-third ward _nomina! Capt,
| James Pe Magistrate Brennan object
to tie nomination of Col, Britton. He saic
Col pees had informed him on Saturday

16 wae not a candidate, was only
one ballot and It resulted as follows: Bristow,
220; Petry, 126; Britton, 82, alter B. Atter
bury then moved to make the nomination
unanimous and this was doneand J ud«e Bristow
was then eacorted to the pig tform an thanked |
the delegates for selecting him as their candi

date

Mr. Bristow has been potive in Republican
politica in Brooklyn for t last thirty years, |
and has long. bese, one of the party leaders |

| tion
| presided
Henry Bristow
rendergast

 

@o any more. There ta one event which al- |
ways gives pleasure to Newburgh pnd that
{a when Ben Odell goa back there, Hie father
too, who has lived there all his life, te full of
honors in that community.

The elder Mr Odell who is a fine old
gentleman, was present and he bius -
ously while everybody chee

“Now gentlemen,” conudnued the 6 or, |
“everybodys has asked me about New York. |
It te our duty to put New York beyond Wer |
gor We want ever; body to see thet New
fork is certain for McKinley and Odell. Just

look at the two cgprventens paratoga
and contrast them he one to-day Ls all dis-
cord. Tammany is making @ desperate
effort to get the State as wel! yg the city, to
extend jts power from Montauk Point to Ni-
agara Falls. It im a desperate resistance
the sod against the gutter, and the sod is going
to be beaten. The other convention was 80
Mfferent. The people had {ndicated what they
wanted roe Per wanted the old ticket
nominated. and second, 1 neodore, Raocpeve
bein promoted, they wanted B. \dell for
to take his place, nm that proposition there
was no dissent. I now intr to you your
next Governor.”

Mr. Odell got up on the stool en¢

fcarefully while every one yelled and c .

en things had quieted down he in a
simple, straightforward, friendly way:

fr. Chairman an Gentlemen of the
Republican Club: I am glad to be we you
to-night, because under the leadership of our
genial President, who personifies militant Re

publicanism, I know that the mem 3 our
club are always active and earnest for uble
can victory

“A great honor has been conferred upon ma,
an honor fraught with grave duties and re-
sponsibilities. While we rejoice let us not for
got that the people demand performance rather
han promises, Many and varied are the In-
teresta which contre in this great metropolis,
and from here radiate those vast business
enterprises whic reach the uttermost
parts of the earth. flow neces.

ary, therefore, that the = arnplest afe-
uards should be afforded not only to him who

{racta, but to him whose toi] creates per-
mie us to enor Our present prosperity. qual

ghta to both. No unjust discrimination is =P
airo of the Republican party All heresies an

hantorns which seek to destroy should be *

uked by those who put the welfare of the!
country above politia cops and hypocricies,

n accepting the pow: nation at Saratoga I
alluded to the subject of just and equitable tax-
ation as one of greatest import to our people.
There is r great subject of particular
intermat te the citizena of this miahty metrop-
olis, and that fe an atrindant guppiy of pure
and wholesome water. It ahould be furnished
and controlled by your otty authorites. Th
Republican platform prom the fulfillment o
this Princip , and you now have my personal

ledge, if elected, to see that this promise is kept.

desire to state to you, my friends,and throug
rou to the citizens of New York, that I never
fave bean directly or indirectly interested
as a stockholder or otherwise in the Ramapo
or any other water company, and that there
is nothing that will prevent my cordial aid and |
fon lescence in bringing about such remedia
e Ation as may necessary.

ern our concern for the affaire of the State
let us not forget the ereat importance to our
own people, as well as those of other tat
of the reélection of William Mckinley
believe that under the wise leaderehip of our
worthy President that this club will be a potent
influence to the consummation of this mye
desired result. 4 thank you for this cordi
an earty erecting.

Following Mr, Odell, John i MeDonough,
John C. Davies, John P, Jaeckel anc Q. Bond,
the other nominees preeeah, were introduced.
They all gpoke briefly. Then an orchestra
began to play and the crow! scattered through
the clubhouse to talk politics.

Among those present were George W. Ald-
rich, Gen, Francis V. Greene, John Wise,
Job FE. Redes, Albert R. Shattuck, John Palmer,
George B. Sloan, Charles fi. Treat, W. W. Niles,
afnyette B. Gleason of Delaware county,

erceant-at-Arms Birrell of the National Con-
vention, John Sabine Smith, cuage James. 4.
fe chard, Senator N. A. Eleberg, John MoCul-

, Jopn N. Partrides, J, Jacobos, %.
Nelson A flenry, John fi. Gunner, Wilbur P.
Wakeman. Willjam_ Barnes, Jr of Albany,
Luther Little and William Leary.

BET 810,000 TO 84,000 ON M‘RINLEY,

And 65,500 to $4.500 That Kansas Will Go
Republican.

J. A. Saunders, who four years ago was the
Republican National Committeeman from Colo-
rado, arrived in New York yesterday and went
over to the National Republican Headquarters
to tell Senator Scott that Colorado was all right.
Mr. Saunders said that notwithstanding ite
tremendous majority for Bryan In 1896, there
had been such a revulsion of feeling that the
Rtate would resume its place in the Repulican
ranks. On his way to New York he looked
over the fleld in Kansas and then he went out
and tried to bet $5,500 to $4,500 that Kansas
would go Republican. He could not get any
takers. In Chicago he managed to place one
bet of $10,000 on McKinley to $4,000 on Bryan
on the general result. He intimated that he
atill had some more cash to put up at the samo
odds if any New Yorker wanted to take the
Bryanend. He will be here sever al days

 

For Elsberg's Resomination.

The Yorkville Republican Club held a rous-
ing meeting last night at its rooms, Ninety-
second street and Lexington avenue. Edward

Dubole presided. Resolutions tndorsed the
nov ination of MeKiniey and Rooseveit, Odeli

| and Woodruff and calied for the renomination

of Sen tor Elsberg.

 

TO READ “THE SUN'S" RFAL ESTATE |
NEWS |

nd tabular forms of dally transactions Ia to be
better posted in this direotion than those who
rely on so-called Real Estate mediums, where
the effort but partially covers the ground ,—Ade

 

in the Park Slope district. le served in the
| Civil War and is a veteran of seventh Regt+
ment. He was a member of Board of
| Education for several years and also an Assessor |
in Brooklyn He haa been a City Magistrate
for the last three year

he convention {n the Fourth district was

eld in Prospect. Hall pect avenue, near
Birth avenne’ ‘The hall was cro Marcus
Bh. Campbell presided: Cl ce A. Barrow
placed Harry A. Hanbt n nominatioo and
this was second by Congressman Israe
8 Fischer, Er Judge Jacob Neu nominated
the Ree V. A. Stewart Walsh of the Twenty-
fifth ward and Naval Officer Kobert A

Bharkey seconded the nomination. There was
ona ballot which resulted In Hanbury receiving
267 votes and Walsh 152, Hanbury'’s nomination
was then made unanimous. Mr. Harbury ap- |
peared before the convention, receive! a warm
welcome and made a eoh, accepting the
fhomination and jaudin McKinley and elt
and Odell and Woodruf?.

Mr. Hanbury haa bean the Republican leader
tn the Fighth war ror several years. fi
came from England when o wes 1/ yeare old a8
and acttied In the ‘rowan strict. e ts
@ political hustler ang won his distinction by
hard knocks. He make @ rousing oan-

he Fifth District Convention was held jn
Arion Eall, which wae packed with enthusiastic
Republica all warm frends of the Hon
Jacob Worth, whose nomination had been
dacreed several weeks ago. John P. Milliken
was chairman, Mr, Worth was placed in nomi-
nation by Charles T. Dunwell, who had origt-
nally bean slated for the nomination himself,
but who retired from the race when the senti-
ment of the Republicans ay 4 district became
overwhelmingly pronounced in favor of Mr.
Worth. A representative of each ward in the
district seconded the nomination of Mr. Worth
and the vote for him was unanimous,
In accepting the nomination, Mr. Worth
made a rousing campaign speech, in the course

of which he sald:
‘The iscuas of this campalen are plain and
simple. They are not what candidate

chooses to make them. he chief imua to
you, to me, and to ail Americans, is the indus-
ria) and financial condition of our country.
ih Democratic Presidential candidate de-
that ‘imperialism is the paramount
saus,’ put that doas not make itso. If he be- |
Liv mperiahem too paramount, why id
4 insist Uno ft sorting the 16 to 1 clause In the
latform of his partr 1e cannot prove to
Pie common sense men of the United States
that the fr cotnage of «liver,
at the ratio of 16 to 1, which was his aole fasu
four years ago, {8 not uppermost in his mink
now.
“Pour years ago MoKiniey and gold went
forward to triumphant victory, and Ben
and silver down to defeat and lsaster hus |
campalgn will be fought out on the sare lines,
and with the same result. What was done in
1896 mnuat again be done in 1900; and in my
udgment it will annihilate the ise, Should
jryan be elected, I predict a worse condition
than at the close of Cleveland's Administration
Not a single business firm throughout the
length and breadth of this land would at this
roorgent feel safe if it was known that Bryan
would become the next President. He is #iin-
ply and purely 4 destructiontat, He does not |
suggest the creation of anything, but only the
fevolition of things which now exist, Demom
racy's policy {s solely one of opposition to any-
thing and everything advocated and put into |
operation by Republicans, ae reflection of
Wiliam MeKinley will no doubt bring this |
roper destiny at the earliest

clares

e@ and uniimite:

country to its

possible period.
Mr. Worth has been a picturesque figure in

politics for forty ye and was long the un-

questioned party leader in Brooklyn, As a
young man he worked aide by efide with Hugh
cLaughiin, the veteran Democratic man-
ager, first ine ropewaik and afte in the
navy yard, Ale served five years in the United
States navy. fle spent nearly twenty years |

at Albany aa an Assemblyman and Senator, and
also served as County Clerk, His unanimous
nomination for Congress is a significant evi-
dence of the cbliteration of the factional quar-
rela which disturbed the organization In Kings
county for three or four ra

The ymnvention {in the Sixth district was
held in furn Hall,and aa at the other conventions
there was a big outpouring of earneat Lay hing
c Marry aquillard presided. Bert Reiss,
who had been slated for the honor ever since
the primaries were held, was unanimously
nominated, The chief nominating speech was
made by Edward Schleuter, ov, Reiss mace
a rousing «peech in accepting the nomination,
in the course of which he denounced the Damo.
cratio policy of a ‘epreciatet dollar and of
ec ttle out of the Philippines,

Mr. Relas is 6 bright your x
graduated from Justice William J. Gavnor's
office Although only 26 yeara old, he has
already made his mark at the bar and forged
to the front in_the Republican organization

 

lawyer who was

{n his district, He is counsel for County Regis-
ter Howe and for several! large business con-
cerns te will make a stirring canvass

Two years ago the Demoorats carried all the

{stricta in Kings county owing largely to the

issensiona in the Figpoblican ranks. Thi
year, with the party solidly united andanationa
and State tioket In the fleld, the Republicans
are confident that they will win back at least
three districte and posstbly make a clean sweep.

 

Col. Rowe Is Not a Candidate for Any Place
on the Croker Ticket,

Troy, Sept. 10.—A despatch from Col, William
H. Rowe was recetved to-day by former Senator
M. F. Collins, who launched the Rowe boom
for Secretary of State on the Democratic State

ticket, stating that while Col, Rowe recognized |
the honor of such a nottnation, he could not |
for business reasons consider a question of |
entering politics. He also sald that he had
requested his friends to refrain from presentin
his name to the convention. A delegation of |
Democrats, about five hundred in number, |
will lenve to-morrow mornng for Saratoga |
to boom former Assemblyman John T. Norton |
for Secretary of State his is an evidence that
Mr. Norton has the backing of former Sena‘or
SUreny as the Iatter has been instrumental in
arranging for the attendance of the Trojan
delegation at the convention

Coler Has Neo Idea of Going to Saratoga.

Comptroller Coler said yeaterday that he had
not recei:ed any message from Mr. Hill and
and that he had no idea of going to the Demo-
cratic State Convention, ‘

   

| oP

BRYAN SPBAKS IN CHICAGO. !
- |

Addresses the Nebraska Hryan Club and the |
Students of Chicago University.

CHICAGO, Sept, 10.—Willlam Jennings
Bryan made two speeches In Chicago to-day
one to the Nebraska Bryan Club at the Sher
inan House and the other to the students at
the University of Chicago In the morning
he was escorted from the Auditorfum Hotel
to the Sherman House by a committee of the

club of which M. V. Gannon was chairman.

|

Mr, Bryan was received with enthusiasm,
aud his address was liberally applauded. Hoe |
spoke of his early political life In Nebraska

and then branched out Into politicos

“No one can make & Fourth of July speech
in these days,” he sald, “and leave any doubt
as to which party he belongs to. It le getting
to be #0 that a man cannot praise the Declara-
tlon of Independence without being denounced
as & Damocrat.”

In the afternoon Col. Bryan spoke to the
students of the University of Chicago, The
hall was packed to overtiowing and many were

unable to gain admission, Mr, Bryan said
he was @lad of the privilege of addressing stu-
dents, ard continued;

‘That which we all should deetre ts the tri-
umph of (ruth rathor than the triumph of that
which any particular person may think to be
truth. 1 want to take for my joxt this alter-
noon “Thou shajt not steal.’ You know It ts
wrong to steal directly, but do you know that
the greatest stealing that ts done in this country
is done by law?

| ake Tne subject of taxation. Every, citi-
gen should contribute to the support of his
Government in exact proportion to the bene-
fita which he racelves from his Government,
and no man should be widiia to contrivute
more than his just share, You tax men wpon
what they need rather than upon what they
oaaess, and you make the poor man pay mute
han his share and the rich man leas. No citi-
ren can afford to wre a bad law because he
gets the bevefit of it, His children may be
robbed to morrow by the children of those
whom he robs to-day

“A dollar ta the work of human hands and
buman wisdom, and human hands never make
perfect things and human wisdom never de-
vises a perfect thing, so we must be content
to take that which makes the nearest approach
to perfection. believe that the double stand-

OSG L the best dollar, because with

1 1 oes and slitver I do not be
feve the world will have too muoh
of a standard money We are foanrhd
Europe. We would not loan our gol

1d

Suslnens were notso dull ty this country thas
ou cannot find a plaice to Invest the n.oney,

here is no gold supple suffietent to form a
basia for the world’s Ananctal transactions
fou should seek to know wh ich financial sys
tem gives to this country a dollar that smiles
Opon the man who tolls a8 upon We man who
owns the money and loans It,

“I want to say something about trugts. There
no good and bad trusts hey are

Rut [ do not gare whether they are
Food or bag hate a Bing I care not who
stands at the head of the trusts. I hate the

ster of vate monopoly, no matter where
Pond ty fixe to faht for a principle wpere
associations of capital begin to contro! out-
put and prices they are getting on dangerous

puna,
we til recently the le of all parties re-
Jotced that this country did not have a large
standing army. There has been an attempt

ade to multl ly our standing army by four
an 100,000 soldiers in a country like this tuk
¢ and change the form of government
No: but the fact that a people ilke ours permit
his bodes no good to American institutions.
i 190,000 soldiers are permnitted to walk about
in idlenesa, where one soldier would do, what
arn we coining to? Are we going to sacrilloe
elvi] glory for milltary glory

“Imperialisrn ts 4 ting, not an When
aman hae grown he has expande: When 4
man's mind has expanded be has expanded
fleretoto this country has expanded and there
was no change {r the character of the country
When the penple came here from acroma he
ren they came Now, we ere

ne

 

‘0 become citizens
apous © have two kinds of people- one people
of self go eernment and one fo be aubiecta

“Tel! ys about North Carolina,” said a voice,

“Let the race question in this country,” said
Mr. Bryan, “and the trouble it has brought,
warn vou against bringing Into this country
another race question, You don’t have to go
to North Carolina to find out about the race
problem. You have it here in Ilinols, You
are what troubles we have when the country
fa about @oqually divided between white and
bine What will It be when there are ninety
nine brown men to one white man?”

ALL THE MONFY JONES WANTS.
Gaid te Have Been Offered to the Democrats
by the Robertson Syndicate,

The Democratic National Committee need
not worry any more about money. It's all
fixed. Joseph A. Robertaon of Monterey,
Mexteo, has promised to get them all the money
they want ff that is all they need to win out
Mr. Roberteon is at the Waldorf. He came
on here to see er-Gov William J Stone,
who is running things for the Democrats.
Last evening he saw him at the Hoffman House.
He was with the Missourian froin 6 o ce
untli § 80. When he came out he was deke
if his call had been social or political

“Entirely poliucal,” he said in an unusually
un-Democratic way. “A number of gentlemen
of meana, of whom I ara one, have heard of |
this ery of the Democratic Committee that
they leck money to carry on the campaign
We have decided to put the cominittee on ite
feet financially. If that ts all, we'll euppiy
the deficiency and stop the cry

Mr. Robertson would not say who the other
entlemen of means ara Mr. Stone later in
he evening went to the Waldorf and had an-
other talk with Mr. Roberteon. Ile declined
to say anything about Mr. Robertson's propo-
aition.

SSS SSS SSS

“tf [ had any such conversation,” be ro-
marked, “1 wouldn't spread tt about in the
news}

sae
Mr. Robertson is said to be worth several
millions of collars, He wns formerly general
manager of the Mexican and Monteroy Rall-
road. He has been in Mextoo for ten years,
but much of his property is sald to be New
York real estate and bonds invested hore.

COLER ON QOOD CITIZENSHIP.

Go to the Primaries and Fight, He Says, or
You'll Never Get Anywhere.

Comptroller Coler delivered an addmss last
night at the Church of the Epiphany, Brooklyn,
on the “Christian in His Relauon to Citizen-
ship.” “All citizens,” he said, “should attend
primaries

“Lam not putting it too strongly,” continued
the Comptroller, “when I say we are thinking
too much of the great bereafter and too little
of what we have to do here To teach good
cftizensh ip is the part of the Chureh, Our eit!-

| gens are for the most part selfish in their inter-

est in city Improvements. The great mass
take no part except when they are directly bene
fited, tt has been the custom of those who

wish to reform New York to decry jt

In my
opinion, it le the beat city in the world and yet
whan you read the newspat #'s you find it ad-
vertised as nota fit place to live to
“It is our duty to bring all the etty’s advan-
tages, {te big institutions and charities to the
front, that the world may learn what we have.
You men who do not attend the primaries have
no riaht to call yourselyos citizens. If you do
not go to the primaries and battle fo
riahts you will never grt any where, ave
d a g@reat deal about primaries lately,
for it was only when some one said he would
drive me ous of polities that L went myself.
That is why I am keeping in politics.”
The Comptroller's remarks aroused great
Thanks were voted to him,

your

learne

enthusiastn.

Fill to Speak With Bryan in Chicago,
Crnrcago, Sept. 10.—The Democrata will open
their national campalan In Ciifeago on Bent

20 with a meeting at the Coliseum, at which
Bourke Cockran, David B. Hill
Williams will be the chief

W. J. Bryan,
and George Fred
apeakers

 

Capture of Holland by the Dutch,
George Blair's Workingmen's Political

League, of which Coroner Bausch is a member,
haa come out for Bryan

 

 

That lazy liver of yours

Ayer's Pills

will stir it without stinging,
Alldruggists, 25 cents a box,

needs a whip.

J. C. Aver Company,

Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass,

 

Ayer's Sarsaparilla
Ayer’s Pills
Ayer's Ague Cure

Ayers Hair Vigor
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Comatone

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.

JAPAN'S

WILLING TO WITHDREW HER MINISTER
AND PART OF HER TROOPS,

 

Especially as Sho Is Nearby and Can Act
Qaick!y— Positive Dentals From Berlin That
the Powers Are Clashing~A Beginning

, of Actual Peace Negotiations Reported.

Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Lonpon, Sept, t11.-The Tokio correspondent
of the 7'frnes in a despatch dated Sept. & says,
in reward to the proposed evacuation of Pekin,
that Japan has replied that she do@s not object
to withdrawing her Ministers and taking other

| steps that may be recommended by the con-

cert of the Powers. Furthermore, as her
georraphical situation enables her to adopt
prompt necessary military measures, she is
willing to withdraw such of her troope as may
seem superfluous,

The Times printa a Tokio despatch saying
that, according to rumor, Ruaela ie arranging
to winter 15,000 men in the Province of Chill,

Thare ts still no formal official information
as to the replies of the Powers to the Rusatao
proposal for the evacuation of Pekin, and there
is no hint of the British policy beyond what
may be deduced from the speeches of Sir Mat-
thew White Ridley and Lord George fiamilton
on Saturday. The tardiness of Grent Britain
and Germany tn replying to the proposal ts
ascribed to Ignorance regarding the precise
condition of affairs In Pekin owing to the
diMeculties of commntaatton

While there are contradictory mmors con-
cerning the replies of the Powers to Ruasta,
the English correspondents in Berlin concur
in cnn atioaliy denying the rumors that the
harmony of the conoert has been disturbed
by the (gar's proposal. They also represent
that Germany is honestly desirous of common
action in the best Interesta of all, and is not op-
posed to joining tn peace negotiations.

According to reporta from Paris and Berlin
such negotiations have already been initiated.

The Timea, editortally discussing the negctia-
tion question, contends that Sir Claude Mac-
donald, the British Minister at Pekin, and the
Foreign Office cannot hastily commit them
selves to treating with IA Hung Chang, or, tn-
deed, at all, until China has tendered to the
Powers a sattefactory basis for negotiation

A despatch to the Times from BShanghal,
dated Sept. 4, says that the Chinese Minister
at &t. Petersburg has telegraphed to Li Hung
Chang that the proposal to evacuate Pekin
presupposes that satisfactory assurances will
be given of the intention of the Court to retura
to the capita! forthwith.

A later meseage urges the Viceroy to en-
deavor earnestly to bring the Powers {nto line
regarding the evacuation, es tf Russia is obliged
to reconsider her decision a losa of prestige
will be inevitable.

In a telegram he recently sent to Yuan Shih
Kal, Governor of Shantung, Li Hung Chang
spoke deepondently of the prospect of a settie-
ment,

The same correspondent, dating hia despatch
Sept. 9, says that Li Hung Chang has memo-
rialized the Throne urglug the immediate
return of the Court to Pekin. At the same
time, {n a despatch to the Viceroy of Wuchang,
IA Hung Chang points out that the diMculty
{n advocating this course lies in the evident
intention of the forelgn Powers on the
Court's return to seize the reactionary leaders,
If LA ung Chang'r memortal alludes to this
fact the Emperor's return ts likely to be pree
vented. If not, the memorialist will hereafter
be regarded as a traitor

The Japanese Government, while Intimating
its readiness to withdraw such of its troops as
may be technically superfiuous, considers it
advisable to maintain the pressure of milltary
occupation during the coming winter.

TING-PANG LIED TO US,

 

SAYS Wu

 

“Times"' Correspondent

Utters an Angry Protest,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpom, Sept. 1-—A despatch from Pekin
to the Thea, dated Aug. $1, says:

“Papers recelved from London show that
throughout the siege my despatches, forwarded
constantly for large rewards, failed to elude
the Chinese troops, the couriers being
killed It is also apparent that through-
out the Chinese Ministers abroad = en-
deavored to hoodwink the foreign governments
by lying reports that the attacks on the lega-
tions and the shelling of the compounds,
crowded with women and children, were due to
lawless rebels whom the Government
was desirous of suppressing, but was
powerless to do ao, whereas the truth ts the
attacks on the legations were ordered by the
Dowager Empress and organized br Yung Lu,
Tung Fu Hatang and Li Ping Heng, high Gov-
ernment offictals, who were appointed by Im-
perial decree to reduce the legations by fire,
sword and famine “

The correspondent detafis in resentful lan-
guage incidents of the siege that have already
been reported revealing the basest treachery.
He continues:

“The most profound indignation is felt here
that Ministers Lo Feng Luh and Wu Ting-fang,
whose shameless lies and transmission
of bows Inpertal edicts dolayed the departure
of relief until {t wns nearly too late, are
still reeetved with honor in London
and Washington. Since the arrival of relief
nothing has been done that we expected. The
Roxer leaders are not sought for or punished.
The templeswhich are known to be headquarters
of the Boxers have not been destroyed, while
the palace, the emblem of Chinese power, {s
respected, honored and left untouched and
inviolate.”

The Times editorially applies the foregoing
as 4 Comment on the edicta Wu Ting fang
submitted to the United Statea, remarking
that !t shows the precise worth of Chinese edicts
and assurances

BRITISH SEIZE A RAILWAY,

London in Pekin

 

Gen, Goselee Reports That He Commands the
Line to Pao-ting-fa,
Special Cable Despatch to Tritt SUN

Loxpow, Sept. 10.—The Secretary of State
for India has received a despatch from Gen.
Gaaeles, commander of the British military
contingent, dated Rept. 2, which says that he
has oceupied the railway Junction at Fengtal,
and that he also holds the road and railway
bridge to Liukochao, giving the British com-
mand of the railway line to Pao-ting-fu.

 

Big Attendance at the Parts Fafr,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Panis, Sept. 10.--Over 000,000 persons entered
the Ex; osition grounds yesterday.

PAINT FROM STARVATION, SHE SAID,

Gtrl Tottered Toward Central Park at Mid-
night and Fell at the Gate,

Dr, George De Silva of 118 West Beventy-
sixth street and a friend who was with him saw
a young girl walking feebly along Seventy
sixth street shortly before midnight Inst bight,
and, believing she was 11, they followed_her
At the Central Park entrance she fell. They
hurried up and questioned her. She satd she
had been turned away from home and had not
had anything to eat for two days. Annie
Lohmann, she sald, was her name, and her father
wes mistodian of the Ti xedo clubhouse. She
was taken in a cab to the West Sizty-elghth
street station and an amtmulanoce was éent for,

SAYS THEY'D BOLT STANCHFIELD,
Trown of the Chicago Platform Democracy
Is Fierce About It.

James P. Brown, President of the Chicago
Platform Democracy of Greater New fork,
declared yesterday that ff John B, Stanchfleld
is nominated at Saratoga 50,000 voters of the
Chicago Platform organization will pass him
up and that a third ticket will be put in the fleld
~ possibly headed by Coler, if they can get him
to run, Mr. Brown told ex-Gov, Stone of Mise
sourl all about *his, but with no visible results,

 

 

Stores, Offices, Lofts, or Property

of all descriptions, whether you eeek them or
have them to dispose of, make use of Tre
BUN'S advertising columns. A SUX rea wil
always be found @ desirable tenant or cus
tomer. —Adv,

REPLY TO RUSSIA. |

Gen, Chaffee Says the Chinese Government |
Will Not Return While Troops Occapy the City.

Wasninoron, Sept

TO WITHDRAW FROM PFERIN.

SS

    
 
   

 

BRVBER

4
aay hs

  

Biscuit or Wafer
can’t get wet in
the “In-er-seal
Patent Package”
even if deliv-

   
 

   

 
    

ered in a rain

   

storm.

  
 
 

  
 

The ‘In-er-seal Patent Package”
defies damp, dirt and odor. Keeps
in the natural crispness of cracker,
blecult or wafer. Soda Biscuit, Milk
Biscult, Butter Crackers, Saltines,
Banquet Wafers, Sultana Fruit, Gra-
ham Biscuit, 6ea Foom, Oatteal Bis-
cult, Ginger Snape, Handmade Pret-
veleites, Vanilla Wafers, can now
be bought {n fle ‘‘Tn-er-seal Patent

 
 
     
 
   
   
   
     
   
    

   
 

oantly dis-
Bageice the
PR age by

hia trade-
inerk Cesian
OD the ends,

“eg

WATIOWAL
BisoUlT
COMPANY,

   
    
     
     
   
   
   

 

 

| WANTED TO SCARB CHINA IN WARCH,

M. Delcasse Bald to Mave Propoeed « Nawal
Demonustrtiou Then,

10.—An important de- Special Cable Despatch to TAT SUN

 

espatch froin Gen Chaffee was recaicad at Panis, Sept, 10-—It ts sald that a vellow book
the War Department yesterday, dated Pekin, 2 | wiioh Foreiia Minister Doloase® (a preparing
P. M., Sept. @ It presents three {interesting ex- j {In reference to China cuntains correspondence
presalons of opinion showlnge that M. Plohon, the Fron Minister

Firet—Diplomatic relations will not be re | at Pekin foresaw the spread of
sumed tn Poxin for a long time Boxerfam and the complicity of the Gow

Becond-—The Chinese Government will not jemnment in the movement and v arned M,
return to l’ekin while the capital ts occupled who in Maroh last communicated

by the foreign army;

Third—Pekin will be merely a camp for the | g
foreign army pendiug settlement by the Powers
at other polite

Deicassé
and |

with the Powers on the subject.
combined naval demonstration, believing
that this would suffice to indico the Chinese
Government to discontinue its countenance

He proposed

The Administration is directing every | of the Boxers. All the Powors rajected the
effort toward negotiations for peace In proposal, Creat Britain and Germany pat
China and the withdrawal of the Amer- | tloularly opposing it on the grouad that &®
fean troops. The order for sch a with- | would be unjustifiable.

drawal may be tasued before the end of the
week, Minister Conger has not been instructed
to withdraw, but a communication
Depar'moent of State has suggested the advisa-
bility of auch a
anxiously awaiting a

 

 

REWARDS FOR DEAD CHRISTIANS.

 

from the

Papers Implicating Empress and Chung C4 ta
Massacres—Foer Hoxers Shot.

Special Cadie Despatch to THE GUN,

courses, The ts
reply from Minister

Pree!der,

Conger. Bexwrn, Sept. 10.—The Pekin correspondent

Gen. Chaffee will be advised of the despatch | of the Lokaianseiger says that four Boxers who
to Minister Conger and all preparations | were convicted of murdering Christians have
will be made for an early withdrawal of | peen shot in the German jurtadiction, A num
the troops from Pekin to Tientsin. It | ber of reports that were made dally to the Em
will also b» determined whether they | pres Dowager have been found tn the Imperial
shall be withdrawn from China. Their | Palace precisely emrmerating murders of Chris-

necessity 'n China Is believed to have passed, aa
the American legation, if In Shang)hal, could |
very properly be protected by the naval forve
under Admiral Remey

Gen. ChalTee explains that tho Russian lega-
tion will leave cery soon
adds that {t appears that the Chinese Go vern-
ment will not return to Pekin during its oc
cupation by the foreign army
him to aay
transact no business.”

In slew of Gen Chaffee's suggestions, which
are believed to be in accord with etmilar ex-
P fon from
probable that

tians and alvo a proclamation feeued by Chung
14, a member of the Tsing-lkYamen, in July,
offering 5) taels for every male Christian, 4
for every fernale and 80 for every child killed.

for Tientein, and CUINA'S STEP TOWARD PEACE,

Fdict Appointing 11 as Spectal Commissioner
Submitted to This Government,
WASHTNOTON, Sept. 10.—Minister Wu called
at the Department of State thls morning and
to acting Becretary of State Hill
an Impertal edict, dated Aout two weeks ago,

t which leads
“If this is true, our legation can
present ad

Mintster Conger

it is not im-
1

 
  

 

Minister Conger will also be | appointing Ji Hung Chang as Peace Commia-
directed to withdraw to Tientain Whether | sioner on tt part of China to treat with all
or not the troops will also be immediately | the foretan Powers for peace 7
withdrawn depends upon the attitude of the This is another etep read a peace confer-
Powers with reference to the Kussian prop- | ence and will probably be followed by an early
oaition announcement on the part of the United States

Gen. Chaffee, since his despatch left | of onimissioners
Pekin, ha: Leen directed to prepare for nister Wu 1 the ediet was adg@ned by the
withdrawa! at any time, and it is sup. | Emperor at Pao-ting-fu seventeen days ago
posed he has made all preparations necas- | and appointed Li ung Chang as specla) com.
sary for witiidrawai should he receive the word | misstoner « th absolute powers to treat wit
to so, Lhe test of the deepatch leas follows: | any or all cf the nations for peace. At the

” oO, afternoon 4th, —Fvidence accumulates | time it was signed the Emperor evidently had
that diplomatic relations will not be resumed | not recaftved the message from fi hone
here for a jong time. Russian legation leave | Chang : ne that be, together with Prince

very e00n for Tle

TT pears ty me certain Chinese Government
will not return here while foreign army re
mains and {f this is true our legation can tran-

vntaln Ching and two Viceroys from the southern
provineas, receive the necessary power to Carry
on negotiations for peace

This edict, Mr Wu ae

  
  

wera notice to the

 

  

ract no business Powers that China « ty at any moment

“My opinion, Pekin to be merely camp for | to treat with any or al 1 nations for peace
foréian army pending settlement by Powers | and that she wotd prefer a Joint arrangemen
at other points. CHAFFER,” in order that the negotictions miaht be quickly

Proposes Immediate Negotiations. a Loan to

concluded
ITALY'S PRACE PLAN. Se io .
7 A Prince Ching’s Visit OMctal, '

Special Cah'¢ Derparerk to THR SUN,

China and No lané-Grabbing. Pants, Sept. 19 — Ade¢ices from Prin, dated

Special Cadle Despatch to Tum SUN, Aug. 20, say that Prince Ching, having aa
Lonpon, Sept. 10-—-The Italian Government, certained that his official status would be rec
according to a despatch from Rome, has pro- | C&nized, informed the diplomatic body that

posed to the Powers that Farl Li Hung Chang
and Prince Ching be accepted as pence nego-
tlators, andthat negotiations be proceeded with
at once at Pekin

The despatch adds that
posed that Pekin be evacuated by the allies
as soon as the peace pralirainaries have been
arranged, but not before

Bhe also proposes that China be assisted
in the early payment of indemntties to the

he would arrive in Pekin about Sept. 2. Princes
Ching {sa Prince of the lnperial family and
a relative of i'rince Rung

Marchand'’s Misston to China,

Spectal Cadle Despatch to TER SUN
MARSFILLFS, Sept. 10.—A great pnatriotio
demonstration was held here on the occasion
of Lieut.-Col. Marehand'’sa departure for China
yesterday. He declared that his mission wag

 

Italy has also pro-

Powers by an interna ‘ional loan, and that | “iPlomacy,notwar
the Powers shall collectively guarantee the 6.000 German Soldiers Going to China,
territorig) integrity of the Chinese Enipire, Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN,

pledging China to make no territorial conces-

sion

Powers

FPamprno, Sept. 10—lhe Government {fe
arranging t send 6,000 additional troops to

without the tunantfrnous consent of the
| China next month

He ra
ole HOROTOTOTOROHOROECRO

= Cigar Dealers Like :

$Old Virginia Cheroots

wi because they know that once a man
s starts smoking them he is “‘fixed,”’
@ and that he will have no more trouble
@ with him trying to satisfy him with
© different kinds of Five Cent cigars.

BS Three hundred million Old Virginia Cheroois smoked this
year. Ask your own dealer. Price, 3 for 5 cents.

a > ball
OROROKROHOROHOROHOROHGIG

to have their regular customers smoke g