ee

a

 

WO MORE ' THEATRES OPEN;

wew Pruars GIVEN AT THE HERALD
BQOUARB AND THE hiJoU.

A Melodrama of Southwestern Ranch and Fort
in “Arisona’’ by Thomas Farcical Fun in
“OCapld Outwiy Adam” Written by Stan-
fora and “A Wife tn Pawn'' by Blaney,

The young wife of an old husband |s bored by
a humdrum ife, A seductive soroundrel per-
guades her to ran awny with him, A mataal
friend of the married pair stops the elopement
and saves the merely foolish wornan from be-
coming criminal. Nobody knows how many
times those four persona have borne that rela-
tionship on the stage. They were brought to-
gether again at the Herald Square Theatre last
night in “Arizona” by Augustus Thomas,
But {t was in bis chotoo of a subject, and not fn
his dealing with {t, that the author was un-
original. He was tngenious and virile In the
things which he made the familiar quartette do,
and the outcome was 4 rugmedly picturesque
and eplritediy romantic melodrama, Mr,

Thomas had never before pleased a Broadway

parquet and gallery simultaneously, There

were no subtleties to keep the meanings from

the meanest mind, nor any orudities to
offend the acutest intelleot. So the
satisfaction was general throughout
the house, and @ substantial success

was won by ap American playwright whose re-
wards for good work had sometimes consisted
more of praise than prosperity. In this case he
had been no leas bold than ever in fixing the
speech and behavior of his persons and in oon-

triving incidents in whic: to bring out
their charactertstics; but he had stuck
more closely aod safely than before
to astraightforward engagive story, which he
hed drawn from Arizonan ranch and fort life
The busbaod was a Colouel in the army,
the scoundrel was «a Captain and the
friend was a Lieutenant These were en-
acted by Edwin Holt, Walter Hale and
Vincent Serrano. Others {mn av egerlient
oast were Jane Kennirk as (he wife and Matth

Earle and Eleanor Robson as members of a
rancliiman’s family, the head of wiiob, as
portrayed by Theodore Keberta, was the most
nearly dominant figure, Mr. Roberts is so
versatile an vcctor, #0 thorough in his disgulses,
that the theatrical public is hardly aware of

hie cleverness and siren! lils representa
tion ofa rough, amiable, posy, generous and
shrewd old ranclimun wes a oteworthy

achievement

Astrong meritin Mr Thomas’« play was ita

oarrying along of three loy iffairs without
confusion, and with each timparting support to
the others. ‘The vilaiuy of one man involved
the three couples too ecomplexedly to
describe in thi article, yet a of it
was a clear ores interest Reason-
able circumstances led tie Lieutenant
to be silent, alfhouch to speak out as to the
elopement would have saved hire from dis-
gefaceful expulsion from the army, and brought
that puni*hrient deservedly to the Captain.

the

more

The second uct was f f movement with
estopped elopernent. The third waa at)
crowded and rapid with the murder of the Cap
tala by a vengeiul Mexican {nm @ way
to provide convincing ev dence that the Lieu
tenant bad fired the deadly shot. Nor did the
fourth drop off in engrossrent, but Kept the
audience's attention up to a high pitch through
‘ pillitary trial of the itnnooent fellow un-

ee Gne y exculpation, Of
Idec rune similar
decessors, depicting

sudden
vonsse is @ border
Ry 4 hundred pr
eof @ roug))-anc-re ady h ud, presenting un-
trammeled ty pox of (ue) and women, But its
views of human nature, though racy, were true

  

and = appealivge liere was much of
real literary value fn the flotion,
which «in a ne vel would be nore

readily disoer ned and proclaimed The ex
rt etagecrast was 1 better than Mr,
omas liad ali woinany of} is earlier pieces,
rief apeech whieh the audience

Re said, inuat
ided, that he taanked bis friends for ther
appletun’, nui pe h q Y' ried not to wecept it as
— e tmiight have done so safely this
It is seldom that Broadway
the work of an absolute novice tn dramatic
writing. Buch a piece was “Cuntd Gutwil
Adam," which was prodneed forthe first time
heve atthe Bijou lest night. Frederick Stan-
ford was named os ita author, and the eride-
ness of the farce showed him to be entirely
@ stranger to Stage craft A few years
ago, in the samo theatre, the first atterpt
of @ dramatist was tried. That "My
Friend From India,’ a lasting success, It
was @ little crude in treatment, but the motive
wasthere. [twas no! so in “Cupid Outwits
Adam,” It seems unkind to say,! the farce
is utterly hopeless. The merest « e of thia

Seca a play that is

was

'
yutitr

plot shows fis absurdity A will is read in
which the deceased nanies as his heir a young
eirl, presumably some relation to him, The pro-

visions sre that she shal! marry, bef 21,
@ man witha baid head anda bare lip. If she
refused to comply with this requirement the

re she is

money will go to tia deceas d's brother
The girl's mother is anti us that she shall get
the money but t? heiress prefers
to wed the man she loves than be wealthy.
Her mother locks her no @& country
houre, but she plans an elopement. On its way

to the railway station the wagon in
lovers are running away
dent. The mun is taken to
he oornes from there a month inter he has
changed so as to meet the requirements
of the will. Ile has ahare liv and no hair on

whleh the
th an acct.
thespital and When

tueets Ww

his head, so all ends hanp ‘There are thir-
teen raona used t) obec ure this plot. None
is definitely characterized, a d’ their relationa
to one another are only vag el; Suggested,
Little that ia funny or orictnal ts done, and
the result is two tours and a half of nothing-
news. The audience last night treated the
first half with silent hopefilness Along
in the second act a mechanical wagon
was introduced that was trecly absurd
hat many of the spectators laugsed at the
arce guving'y. The wh le thing was oversoon

after 10 o'clock and a pia ad

been produced
ut which there

‘cCuld bene two opintons
@ company was adequate andin one case
more than that. George SS Trobert was a
ewanger to New York ard was seen aa an
wre tmmonly good light dian. Seven
derly men, all vague in character and on
nection with the plot, were acted with varying
ekill by ( haries I Hiraiehaw, Frank Farring-
ton, Horace Lewia \\il! \ Herbert Jacques
Merun, James Maniey and "Yok nE Finn he
ea, who suffered from tack of material in
which to show what they were capable of, were

Julia Hanchett, i rariin lale : t
Prances Arth« Pand be ala Keni ; iar WNT NETS

The ohange ol play last nicht at the Grand

Opera Howse was to “A Wife in Pawn,”
e@ farce by Charies FEF. Blaney Hope
Booth enacted the pawned woman, whose
husband lost the check and «. was un-
able to redeem her when he wished

to. Thefun was demonstrauvels faro eal, and
fadidentally Miss Booth posed tn tmitation of
etatuary, as she ured to tn vaudeville shows,
“The Great Kuby" was continued by the
Greenwall Stock Company at the Amer
foan, where Monday ehtifte will be made
hereafter. The Empire was olosed fora draw
rebearaal of “Riohard Carvel," in which John
Drew is to appear to-night. The production of
“The Monks of Malabar’ with Francis Wilson

wes postponed itso the Knickerboeker
wptl Thursday. “‘M'l'ss"’ was the play at
the Star with Anmie Pixies in the rile whieh

gave fameand fortune to Annie Pixley yoars
ego, The pieces in repetition were ‘The
Husbands of Leontine’ and “Th and Tate
tle Ohristina” at the Madkon Square,

: ur’ at the  Broadwa “A ito
pm with Annie Ruased at the ene hg
ride of Jennico” witb Janws K. Hackett
ti, the Criterion, “The heb with Aa irew
m at the Asad my, The Parish Pries

with Daniel Sully at the Fourteen:
“All on Acoount of Eliza” wih Loui
Cc Lipman at the Goirrok
The continuous shows provi “4 ah ah!
mendable grade af vaudewt kk + Drews ap-
ared in a one-act farce at Keitt vs and Jemsie
outhul, the Shaws, the Mortons and the Halk
Ways Were sorne of the -pecialty folk. Robe rt
Hilliard was seen in the short play
Given at Proctor’s Twenty-third Street,
end Carta an! Mirtziana, two European
orobats, appeare: for the first time in
moerica. Amelia Summervilie and James
chmond Glenroy were sone of the ot

® alleta, Prootor’s Fifth (venue had a new
shor! diay for Patric:, and a naw caolaanie

Street and
Manon @ud

vy com

 
 

 

 

 

 

Maurice Barry nore 1. Guille. Be
ey and the Faimnond vor aa te ‘= ;
rm. At Proctor's 128th St loseph
art ard Carrie De var and the Murphys
@ Rkeich pairs, ind = | S's doxs ar d
George W. J) were toward the front as
srectallets The leading varie folk at. Proce

ftor's Palace were Gertrude Ma ad Pr
Hidridge, and/or Coove and @’ Ma io Woe

were the dramatic players. The roster a
Pastor's began with Gus Williams, and inolude
Stinson and Merton, Mudge and Morton and the
Cranes, Beside the waxworks at the den
Musée there was an almost coniinuous succes
sion mede up of band music and motion picture
pre yee tions

Three music halla had vaudeville _ bills,
Koster & Biel's had a long list of specialists and
sketch players of whom three-fourths were of

“headliner” rank. Maggle Cline, Francesca
Redding, George Fuller Golden, the
Russelis. and Tim Crooin were some 0

sem Kathryn Go erman appeared in a brief
aroa at Hurtia & Seamon’s, where were Mar-
gelia’a birds, Charlee K. Al drich and Canfield
and Carleton. The Dewey was held by female
Suresquers, who piayed two burlettas and
supplied au olto of eee
he roanagere three theatres announced
lastnight that they would give performances
for the benefit of the Texas flood sufferers
The receipts of to-morrow ‘s matinée of
ty of next Tuesday's matinée at Weber &
sis eand of . as yet undecided evening's
nee inthe Cherry Blossom Grove will go to
the charitable work

 

 

TEXAS SU FrERERS.

41p TOR

 

The President Directs the War Department to
Supply KRations and Tents,

WASHINGTON Sept. 10.—Acting Secretary
of War Meiklejohn to-day directed that a tele-
gram be sent to Gov, Sayers of Texas offering
the asalstance of the War Department to the
sufferers from the hurricane, He offered
the use of tents for shelter and commissary
supplies for the starving. Gen. McKibben,
commanding the Departinent of Texas, was
instructed to proceed from Fort Sam Houston
to Galveston to Inquire into the goneral situa-
tion and the extent of damage to the public
works along the coast. He was told to render

every aasistanoe in his power to the hurricane

siuferers. ‘The following telegrams expiain
the tuselves:

“Hovaton, Tex. Sept. 10, 190
“Wiliam MecKindey, President of the United

Statea, Washington 1) UO.

“| have been deputized by the Mayor and
Citizens’ Committee of Galveston to inforin
you that the city of Galveston is in ruins aud
oortainly
are dead) The tragedy is one of the most
frightful in recent times, Help must be given
by the State und nation or the suffering will
be appalling. Food, clothing and money
will be needed at once, The whole sduth side

many

hundreds If not a thousand |

‘Ari. |

| knots

 

| s@a

of the eity for three blocks in from the Gulf |

ia swept clear of every building; the whole

 

he city are really habitable, The water sup-
a is cut off and the food stock damaged by
aalt water. All bridges are washed away aod
Stranded steamers Iitter the bay, When 1
left this morning the search for bodies had
begun, corpses were everywhere, The tem-
pest blew eighty-four miles an hour aad then
carried the Government instruments away;
at the samo time the waters of the Gulf were
over the whole city having risen twelve feet
lle water has oow subsided aod the survivors
are jeft helpless amoug the wreckage, cut of
from the world except by boat

“RICHARD SPILLANE"
The President replied as follows
WasHrnuton, LD. C,, Sept, 10, 1900
“Mavor of Galrestun, Ter
Replying to your message, through Mr,
Richard Spillane, have sent the following t
Governor of Texas: “The reports of the great
calamity which has befallen Galveston and
r points on the coast of Texas excite my

ind sympathy for the sufferers, as
will stir the hearts of the whole country,
| Whatever help it is possible to give @hall be
gladly extended, Have directed the decre-

tury of War to supply rations aud tents upon
your request,’

 

“WitttaM McEINtry.”
“AUSTIN, Tex,, Sept. 10, 1900
“Te President, W ushington, D, C.:

Very many thanks for your telegram, Your
action will ba greatly apprectated and grate-
fully remembered by the people of Texas |
have this day requeated the Secretary of War
to forward rations and tents tu Caivestor

“Josep D, Savens, Governor of Texas.”
The National Government {s promptly
sponding to the appeals for asdstance trom |
the ‘Texas storin Pufferers. Before bis de-
parture from Washington the ao ag di-
rected that the War Departrnent + pels what
ever it could in the way of food at id shelter for
the hyngry and homeless. “ this after
noon Gov, Sayere telegiaphed ucting Secre-
tary of War Meiklefohn as follows:

‘Please direct to sent as quickly as pos
sible to the Mavor of Galveston for the use
of sulerers 60,000 rations and 1,000 tents,”

This request wae Curved over to Adjutant-
‘al Corbin and orders were at once pre-

~

 

 

pared direcung that the relief supplies be
shipped without delay, A uumber of the
| tents had to be cent from the Quartennaster's
dey nt at Washington and will not reach Gal
veaton for two or three daya. About five |
hundred were ordered sent from the Southern
porta, however, and will reach the sufferers

; some time to-morrow evening Gen, Weston
this afternoon sent the following despatch
| to the commissary officer at Ban Antonio;

Under authority of Secretary of War ship
to Mayor of Galveston, Texaa, 60,000 rations
for use of etorm muilferers, Ship as many as
you can from your depot at Ban Antonio and
call on St. Louls and other depots for balance
and to replenish etores ahipped from San An-
tonio depot. Inform this offlce your action
by wire. Ship at once,”

An immediate cotnplianee with this order
by the officer at San Antonio will result in the
shipment to-night of about 10,000 rations,
which will reach Galveston early to-morrow
OST en

Adjutant-General ( Poshin also Selegraphed
strnctions to Gen. McKibben, command mathe
Department of Texas at Sau Antonio, tot pro-

ceed to Galveston at once a investigate
the charncter and extent of the 6 nattaed
by the hurricane and report to

of War what he considers nec lovinte
the distreas of the people oy epart-

know y how the
ent fortifications

ment officinie are anxious to
storm affected the Gover

at Galveston, and Gen ibben will also
report the extent of the on 6. There ie
much anxiety as to the safety a the m

the garrison at Fort San Jacinto, wh

tery O, First Artillery, te sta goed c faker
tery is cormmanded y Capt ‘ erty.
There are two attarien at G one on
each side of the deep channal, wh ch’ is mee

by the Jetty system. In the fouus catio
palveson there are 9 ane re m

gh-power guns, 4 neh fra
@ pounders and 12-inch mportark at, ein,
been rn 2 pronecton against inuodation atthe fort
theae guns may have been badly damaged

The revenue mutters Algonquin rat Wind
N.C, and the Onondaga at Norfolk have
ordered to Galveston to asaist In any way pow
sible in relieving distress there. These are the
roost available vessels of the revenue fleet,
They will step at Mobile to replenish their ]
bunkers, aa it would probably be Im le
to obtain a enn ly at Galveston, The ¢ i
of Customeat Mobtle has been notiied that these
vessels wll carry to Galveston any supplies
which m ar he contelbuted by the citizens of
that or neighboring

eoutter Gal on me ¢ station eh it.
but no tidi vinden fate has received
at the Freaaary Department. OWs

ever, of the grnat destruction m "
that port the offictale pete think ft Patna
Iveaton has a st been disabled and
fhe Algonquin and Onondaga have heen sen
her place and to render any needed
asststance.

TRYING TO FREE CAPT. CARTER,

Judge Thayer at St. Louis Refuses to Con-
sider Habeas Corpus Proceedings.

St. Louis, Sept. 10.—Frank P. Blair, counsel
for Capt. Obderlin M. Carter, sppeared before
Judge Thayer of the United States Court of
Appeals to-day and appiled for a writ of habeas
corpus for his client, who is confined tn the

penitentiary at Teavenworth, Kan. The
ground upon whieh the writ was
asked waa that the sentence of ten

years tmposed on Cant, Carter was excessive,

and that he could not be convicted twire on

the same charge, which, is asserted,
gone in his case, Before itr’ Bjair went into
the ar ament ot | case he informed Ju

Thave at he a red b q
rd Be 4 RI efore Ju te

Caldwell aul on the sam
mission. Ju haver said that out of court.
easy to Jud aldwell he would pot interfere
in the ma Mr. RBisir returned to Chicago

' w rrepare papers or submission to Judge

aldweil

Capt. Slgshee Helps to Fat an Olympic Clam
Bake.

In celebration of its sixtieth year of life the
Olymple Club had @ special Rhode Island clam
bake on Saturday afternoon at Bay Shore,
LI About two hundred members and viaitp-
ors helped to eat it, Including Capt. Charles D.
Sigshee, US. N , who was present as the guest
ofMr J M. Ceballos” The Ca: jounoed

that he had become on tnfotunted ela e clam
bake that he wo wa endeav¢ r to have it intro-

dasaspecial feature of thedlet ofthe nav
The fastivitios lasted over Sunday an “The
melority of the party did not return to the city

until yesterday morning

\s to Lots, Plots or Farms.

Readers of Tar Scw alwa k
oe have te bepeenpe. Let them rem | Bh
c ° ‘er +
columns, dv, e using the advert

| a frout is a wreok aod but few houses in |

 

 

|

 

|
|
|

} tifully

| ¢hours and 7 minutes

        

 

DEUTSCHLAND'S ~ VICTORY:

CROSSED OVER THE SHORTEST COURSE
EVER TAKEN — pY A LINER,

 

Was More Than Five Flours Ahead of the
Katser Withelm der Grosse at the Tizard
~Excelled Her Own Reoord by 4 Honrs and
7 Minvtes—Kaiser Says She Wasn't Racing,

Specias Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

LonpDoN, Sept. 10.—The North German Lloyd
steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse passed
the Livard at 4:55 o'clock this morning. The
Hamburg-American Line steamship Deutsch-
land arrived off Plymouth at 2:0 o'clock,

The agent of the North German Lloyd Com-
pany «at Southampton telegraphs that the
Kaiser Wilhelm arrived at Southampton at
8.05 P. M.

The time of the Deutachland’s passage from
New York was 6 days 7 hours and 38 minutes,
Her average speed was 23.86 knots.

The officers of the Deutschland report that
they sighted the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
at 6:30 o'clock on the morning after leaving
Sandy Hook. The Hamburg-American liner
then steadily gained onthe Kaiser and over-
hauled her early in the afternoon. They left
the North German Lioyd boat hull down on
the horizon at 6:07 o'clook on the same dav.

Engineer Baum denies that his steam*@hip
was racing with the Deutschland, but there
was the keenestinterest among the passengers,
whu assumed that the vessels were competing.

Capt. Englebart also denies that his vessel
was racing,

The weather wasextremely calm throughout
the voyage and the absence of a natural
draught for (he flres militated against a faster
trip.

The Katser's log shows that ber daily runs
were 48, 514, S10, 520, 520 and 605
Her average speed was 22.40
knota, which fails to equal her beat record of

| 22.70 kuols

The log of the Deutach-
645,

PLYMOUTH, Sept, 10.—
land shows that her daily runs were 607,
640, 549, 546 and 306 Kuots,

The first day cut was foggy and the sea was
moderate. On the second day both wind and
were moderate, More foggy weather,
with alight sea, was encountered on the third
day. On the fourth day there was @ general
breeze from the southwest and on the fifth
wind and #ea were again moderate,

Capt, Albers in an loterview sald

“We did not push the Deutschland to the
uttermost. Everything aboard worked beau-
lam confident that ehe can do better.”

Frank Higbee, a member of the American
Red Cross Soviety, who arrived on the Deulsch-
land, said

“We raced so hard that it was necessary to
play @ hose on the machinery almost constantly
The wowen Were not permitted to see how the
engines were being worked. The engineers
were etripped to the waist and constantly
sprayed with water.”

Tod Bloan, American Jockey, another
passenger, said

“We never had to stretch our neck. If we
had applied whip and spur we would have

the

| gwlloped in a much easier winner.”

CHERBOURG, Sept. 10.—-The Kalser Wilhelin

der Grosse arrived here at 11:20 o'clock this
morning. Her time from New fork was 6
days, 17 hours and 27 minutes. Her average

duily run was 6i7 Knots

The Devtechiand covered the shortest course
ever sailed over by « liner between New York
sod an English Channel port, logging only
2,082 knots, and beat her previous record to
the east: ward, when she reeled off 3.072 knots, by
She was butit to develop
about $5,000 borse power, but she exceer ded
that by this trip by 1,015 horse power, 1
accomplish this her furnaces chewed up 51h
tonsofcoaladay. Shebeat the Kaiser Withelin
der Grosse to the Lizard, where the (ria @ be tween

 

 

| the mighty liners practically ended, more
than five hours, ‘THE SUN'S surttiise ster

| day that she had done » 26

ion that she

ta was bared on tha supposit
ad followed the usual course,

CUNARD CO. JUST LOOKING

May Get Into the Ocean-Racing Game With
the Germans, bat Wont Say So.

ON.

 

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

LIVERPOOL, Sept. 19.—In an interview to-day
Mr. Moorhouse, manager of the Cunard Line,
discussed the perforinances of the Deutschland
The Cunard Company, he sald, was watching
the new eteamer with the greatest Interest
It was fully awake to the situation, bit was
content for the present to iook on. He would
not say what the Cunard (Company might
decide to do in the future. It did not lose
sight of the fact that every increase in speed
bevonda certain Iimit increased the expense
{n almost geometrical ratio, and that there
was a point at which the game ceased to be
worth the cande. Finality in the develop-
ment of the Aflantic liner was admittedly not
yet reached, though the production of higher
speed must necessarily be experimental!

MAN AND WOMAN BOTH DEAD.

Holt a Suictde After Hits Sweetheart Died tn
a Doctor's Office.

Stvrais, Ky, Sept. 10- Cora Waller of
Morganfeld died here last night in consequence
ef a criminal operation. Thornas Holt of the
game place, who brought her here, is dead,
having committed suicide, and the militia has
been called out to protect Dr W. BE Clark,
who is acoused of having performed the opera-
tion which caused Miss Waller's death

Miss Waller and Holt drove over from Mor-
ganfield after supper and went at once to the
office of Dr. Clark where {t is alleged the opera-
tion was performed Miss Waller's condition
Decame such that Clark left to secure the aid
of another physidan. WT. Skinner, a mer-
chant passing by, saw a light in Clark's office
and started to enter. Holt warned him not to
éome in on pain of death, but recognizing him
&@ moment iater buried his head on Skinnar's
shoulder, told bim that Milas Waller was dead
and asked him to telephone to her brother

Skinner started to go to a telephone and
eent his wife back to the office. She reached
there just in time to see Holt go over to the
operating onalr tn which the girl lay dead a

neal at ber feet. Holt took off ile awn ong

fias Waller's rings and a gold pin. Randin
them to Mrs, Skigner, he rose and ste |
to the rear door, where, after leaning his head
on his arm for a moment as ff fn prayer, he
drew arevolver and shot himself tn the mouth.

Mrs. Skinner Jumped to her feet and tried
9.” t the smoking revolver from his hands,

her away with the weapon, Holt steppe
forwar to. where the dead woman lay an
pressing a kiss on her o ook placed the muz-

le of his pistal against teart and fired.
6 Teele near the oorpse of

his sweet

Clark wor 4 arrested shartiy terward and
was nen to Morganfield. ad been in-
tend gond im on to Leiontts, but the
popular Toa ening was ao etrong that the officers
were afraid he would be mobhed on the way
to_the train. Late this afternoon the local
paiva company was called out to) protect
um

 

covers and fel

WOUWEN THRICE TRIPPED UP.

Pine Orchard C ottagers ) Tedignant Over a Joke
That Cansed Serious Harts.

New Haven, Conn, Sept 146—On Bunday
night at Pine Orchard the cottegem heard cries
from the Sound as though some one was drown-
ing. Every man tn the oolony rushed to the
beach, and dozens of boats were soon search-
ing for the person in distress The boats re-
mained in the vicinity for some time, but found
no ona, and then the cottagers returned to
shora Once on land they faced an tndignant
crowd of women.

It seerma that the women rushed to the Laach
goon after the men folk, but they struck a sur

 

price. Across the comet th to the water
‘ont some one rope abou
fee from the Leena We weruag tthe
hwy Lastened w 4 ut
@ot duct Ve each one ed pot
equ an Was proceed an on = Y
fhe je ther rope and there was a Steet
m ‘ere were f these ropes
acrosa the path to the water pand not one woman
in the eolony but Was thrown dow Many
were dangerously bruised. Mrs. Lavy of

Springfield had her shoulder dislocated and her
leftarm fractured
To-day the men of
for the 1
out to-nig’

ine Orchard are lookin,
eons who played the trick hy caine

at mat two oti and be
tape, af pote year

i

 

 

BAR HARBOR'S NAVAL GUESTS.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.

Lancheon on the Scorpion—Many Dinner Par- |

ties and a Ball Last Night,

Bar Haxnon, Me., Sept, 10,—Admiral Farqu-
har and the officers of the equadron gave a
luncheon and sail aboard the gunboat Scorpion
to-day for about two hundred guests, includ-
ing Admiral Bedford and many other English
officers, There were several dinners to-night
At the Malvern Mrs. Van Nest eave a dinner
party in honor of Admiral Bedford Mra,
C. B. Wright entertained a party of English
officers. ‘The affalr of the day was the ball
at the Malvern. It was given by the following

ladies; Mrs. Abarcromble, Mrs. Robert Abbe,
Mra, Robert Amory, Mrs, Barney, Mrs. Ar-
thur Kiddie, Miss ‘Christine Kiddie, Mrs.
Bridgiiam, Mrs. Coles, Mrs, Cuyler, Mrs
Chapman, Misa Dehon, Miss Dennison,
Mrs, Dimock, Mre, Draper, Mra. Eno, Mrs.
Ellis, Mra Emory, Miss Furniss, Miss Gurneo,
Mrs. Lawrence Green, Mra. John Harriso b
Mrs. Charles Carroll Jackson, Mra. Frederick

Joy, Mra. +, Lawrence, Countess Langter Vil-
lars, Mrs. Munnikhuysen, Mrs. Clement New-

bold, Miss Pendleton, Mrs, Montgomery Sears,
Mrs. T, A. Scott, Mrs, She idon, Mrs. I’, Fremont
Smith, Mrs. Seeley, Mrs. W. J, Schieffelin, Mrs.

uiney Thorndike, Mrs Wiewan Mrs, Van
Nest, Mra, Charles B. Wright and Mrs. Walley

The reception by the English fleet will take
place aboard the Crescent to-1n orrow There
will alao be races for the sailors of both aquad-
W. Butler Duncan has offered prises of

rons

$50 for the winning crews tn races for six-oared
bon and ten-oared cutters, The En) lish
oats will not race the American. Both fleets

day, the English ships

ill draw out on Wedne
and the United States

proceeding to Halifax
ships to Portland

PRESIDENT GOES TO SOMERSET

To Attend the Wedding of His Niece--Speech
to a Crowd at Combertand, Md.

WASHINOTON, Sept. 10.--President and Mm.
McKinley, accompanied by Mrs, Mathews,
Abner McKinley's #ister; Secretary Cortelyou
and Dr. Rixey, made up the White House party
on the special Baltimore and Ohlo train put at
the service of the President, which left here
for Soinorset, Pa., at 11 o'clock to-day. The
trip will be made by way of Harper's Ferry

   

an id Cumberland, Somerset will be reached at
8 *k thia evening, according to schedule
After the wedding of Miss Mabel McKinley
at Somerset on Wednesday the President and
Mrs. McKinley will go to Canton if public busi-
ness will allow.

CUMBERLAND, Md., Sept 10.—-When the
President's train rolled into the station to-

diy a mighty shout went up from 4,000 per-
Ther e was music by two bands. Hun-
dre {1s of women waved their handkerchiefs.
Conspicuous in thelr eathustasm were many
German Republicans and former lieutenants
of Beuator Wellington who are bow organtz-
ing a McKinley German-American Club tn
Wellington’a old ward. When the President
apesen | the cheering was tremendous, A
b uet of roves was handed to him with the
molt ents of ex-Gov. Lowndes, who joined
the party It was arranged by F. X. Millman
who has made a bouquet for every President

 

 

 

passing through here since Haves, Congress-
men George A, Pearre introduced Mr Mefin-
Jew as the next President of the United States,
The President thanked the people for their

reeting which he had no idea was in store
qos him and said

“Lam glad to know that, no matter what may
be our polities in this countr we are all for
the United States and for the dear old flag
wherever it floats, and determined men of

the Nortt
brave soldier
oir standard tn
to the United States
thi s more ark greherc
al d .

‘Men. fo Ilo wad the train over the rough tiles
two squares shaking hands, only desisting after
the train got going Loo rapidly for ther to keep
up. Mrs MecKt ley who sat by a window
Was warmly

wid men of the South stand by the
sand sailors who are maintaining
the distant territory belonging
1 thank you again for

tt us greeting and bid you

cheered

Populations of the Cittes,

WASHINGTON, Sept, 10. The Census Bureau
to-day announoed the populations of the fol-
Owl \

Counoil Blaffs, Ta, 25,802; increase, 4,328, or
2U.15 percent

Lowell, Mass. 4,069: tucrease, 17,2738, of 22.24
per cent

Chelsea, Mas@., 34.072, increase, 6,163, or 22.08
bp roe t

launton, Masa., rease, 6,555, or 21.06

per cent

31,096: In

Haverhill, Mass, 87,175; increase, 9,703, or
25 62 por cent

Springfield, Ill,, 86,150; Increase, 0,196, or 26 a4
per cent

South Bend, Ind., 35.990; increase, 14,180, oF
6194 percent

Lynn, Maas., 68,512; Increase, 12,786, or 2294
per ce it

Jollet, Ll., 80.720; Increase, 7,456, of 32.05 per
cent

Terre Hants, Ind., 86,673; increase, 6.455, or

21,87 per cent.

Turkey Orders Sit New Cratsers and Two
Torpedo Boats.

WasHinoton, Sept. 10.--Consul-General Dicke

inson of Constantinople has written the State

Department that he ts informed by the manager
of the Exposition of American Goods recently
opened in Constantinople that by an Imperial
{rade the Turkish Government has just placed
an order for six cruisers with the German ship-

 

 

huilding yards at Kiel, and that the Minister
of Marine «tgned on the 10th Inst. a contract
for two torpedo boats of the newest pattern,
which are nearly completed in. the Ansaldo
shipbuilding yards at Genoa. It ts reported
that these torneda boats will be delivered in
Constantinople in about four months from

Aug. !

Movements of Nara! Vessels.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.--The
Ruffalo has arrived at Colombe on the voyage
to China, and the Monongahela at Lisbon,
The collier Scindia sailed from Naples for
Malta. The battleship Oregon to-day ar

rived at Woosung, the deep water port of Shang-
hal. where sho will be stationed. The collier
Nero baa been ordered to Honolulu and Yoko-
hama, and the Justm to Honolulu, Guam and
Manila

training

ship

 

Postal Receipts tin the Philippines,

WASHINGTON, Sept, 10 eee or-General
Smith has reoeiveda preliminary ‘port from
Director-General of Philippine cos Vaille
announcing that the postal rece: pts during the
year ending June 30, 1900, with Bacolod still to

be heard from, were $117,609, with expenditures
of $08,220, the surplus being $19,449. The fees for
money orders, amounting to $4,500, afte not
inch dou

Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.~ These army orders were

t{asued to-day

Acting Assistant Surgeon Morton A. Probert, from
Columbus Barracks to San Franctaoo for duty with
troops for the Philippine Islands
First Lieut. John EB. Stephens, recently promoted,
assigned to Siath Artillery, Battery F
Capt, Charles G. Sawtelle, Jr, Assistant Quar-
termaster, from the transport Thomas to temporary
duty on the transport Sheridan
Capt. Willam M. Coullin, Assisvant Quartermas-
ter, from the transport Sheridan to the transport
Thomas.
These naval orders have been issued
Rear Admiral J. C. Wa , trom the Baltimore,
proceed home and walt orders
Commanceer E Pendiewn, from the War College
to command of the ‘Atlanta
Lieutenant-Commander J. T. Newton,
New York yard s the Atlanta @s execullye,

 

 

from the

Lieut. FE. S. Kellogg, from the New York to the At-
lanta
Lieut. W. S. Crosiey, from the Kaltimore to home

and walt orders

Ensign U. S. Macey, from the Texas to the At-
lanta as watch and division oMcer

Cadet H. Royall Montg niger y, to the Atlanta.
Surgeon M. F Cates, orfolk Hospital, to the

Atlanta
Passed Assistant Surgeon A. M. D. MeCormiok,
to Norfolk Hosptial
Bonnaffon, to

Passed Assistant Paymaster E. W

 

league leland )ard, as assistant to general store-
Keeper

Assistant Paymaster B. Rogera, from the
Teague Island yard to the AUlanta.

Assistant Corstrictor R. M. Watt, from the New

York yard to Pilzabeth, N. J

r 7
I A Ys delightful lotion
that instantly re

moves infammation
caused by Bites and Stings of MOSOUTTUES,
Spiders, Hees, Black Flies, Yellow Jackets, Ete
The most effective remedy for IVY POISONING |
| yee disoorered Sold by druggists, or by mall
|

‘tiene FOr Bites:

'

 

| stam ps.
| Sale! Agents

1 cian ms N. Ceittonton Co., 216 Fulton &t., N. ¥.

CARPET CLEANSING,

REFITTING AND RELAYING.

 

8326 7JihAv., Near 28th St,
nach bad! BAERS Titer,

T. M.STEWART

z

WORK AT ALL THE MINES:

OF THE
STRIKE.

BELIEF NOW THAT PHAT MANY
MEN WOULD HEFUSE 70

Sixteen D, L. & W., Miners Discharged—Union
Leaders Promise Definite Instructions by
Thareday—Efforts That Have Deon Made to
Prevent a Strike~—No Politics, Union Says.

WILKrs-Banke, Pa, Sept. 10.—The oper-
ators to-day reported that all the miners {n
the anthracite region were at work and that
there was no trouble at any of the mines, Some
6,000 men who on Saturday took out their tools
in anticipation of a strike carried them back
to the mines to-day. The companies had
announced that any man whose tools were
out of the mines to-day would be considered
discharged.

The situation now is very satisfactory to
the operators, They.expected to bave many
of their collieries shut down to-day and they
find them all working, and what is etill better,
a very decided change of feeling among the
miners. There are many minera who now
say that they will not go out even if a strike
does come. Work is steady, they declare,
and they cannot afford to miss It for a very
remote chance of gaining some concessions
by a strike. While the operators do not as-
sert that there will be no strike, they say that
the possibility of one ts remoto, because a4

speedy defeat would hurt the United Mine
Workers more than a back-down. Some ex-
cuse, they say, can be made for a back-dowa,

but none would do to explain why only 10 or
16 per cent. of the men obeyed a strike order
‘be miners are being advised on every side
notto strike All the newspapers in the region
are calling Upon them to remaln at work, except
some three or four labor papers. The business
men are making individual efforta Ww dissuade
the miners from answering the call, if it comes,
and from all the towns and mining’ hamlets tn
the region they report a better feeling on the
part of the niiners, There ts a very general
veliaf among mining men now that there will
bea very smallresponseif aatrike is ordered
The Pennsylvania C Company. to-day
ordered board fences, seven feet high and topped
with wire, to be built around ita collieries so
that at any time in the event of trouble they
eould be e@aslly rotected. The Delaware,
Lackawanna and Wastarn Coal Company also
guarded against the same danger by to-day
plactug electrio lights about its works
Scranton, Pa., Sept.10.--The Delaware,
Lackawanna aid Wastern Coal Company
to-day ordered thirteen miners employed at
the Dodge mine to take their tools and get out
Rimilar action was taken in the case of three
men at the Continental mine. The men dis-
charged are all active members of the United
Mine Workers and have been employed at the
mines for years. Borme days ago when a poll
of the miners on the question of atrike or no
strike was being taken these men all refused to
euter the mine and ¢o their preferences were
not ascertained. The Frecutive Board of
Distriet No. 1, which is said to represent one-
third of the anthracite coal fleld, met here
to-night In secret session to consider the casos
of these mon, The men sald the company
explained that they were discharged for tailing
to return to the mines after the Labor Day
parade. The board declared that in case of
A strike order every miner in the district would
go out. It also gave out the following state-
ment from President Mitchell, dated (licago
We are making every possible effort to ob-
tain peaceful settlement, Advise men to re-
main at work afew dayelongert. Will wire you
definite instructions not later than Thureday.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 10. -Durtng the meeting
of the Exeoutive Board of the United Mine
Workers it was charged that politice was at the
bottom of the desire of sone of the ofcers fora
strike, aud that there was an understanding be-
tween the Democratic leaders and the men who
were here considering the anthracite troubles,
‘To-day President John Mitchell made a state-
ment defining the position of the board and
said
‘The National Executive Board of the United
Mine Workers of America is composed of men
of every political belief, and there is positively
no poelltical significance in the prospective
anthracite coal miners’ strike. It{is my opinion
and that of my colleagues that the clerge that
the impending strike in the anthracite coal
regions ig in the interest of a political party

emanates from the coal operators of those
regions, and t# being circulated in the hope
that it will cause dissension and division in

the ranks of the United Mine Workers It
fe thay , f the ofeciala of the United Mine
Workers to abstain from active participation
in partisan polities, and a strike in the anthra-
cite regions, {f ordered by the representatives
of thet ntted Mine eee will he upon the
anntic ation of the anthracite miners therm-
selves

Unton Men and Unten Saloons.

The Union Label Committee cf the otgar-
makers reported yesterday that 't has rade an
agreement with the State Liquor Dealers’ Asso-
clath in by whieh the union cigarmakers are

i) deed to patronize only the saloons of the ase
soctation. In return the associat on agrees that
| fs members will sell only union label cigars.

RUNAWAY IN FIFTH “AVENUE.

Coach at Foll Speed Collides With a Hansom

Nobody Badly Hart.

FW. Toucy, his wife and child hired a coach
last night to take them to the Grand Central
Station to catch a train for Bridgeport, Conn,
their home. At Thirty-eighth street and Fifth
avenue the horses attached to the coach took
fright as an automobile whizzed by, and, tak-
ing the bite ta their teeth, started to run. J
D. Post of 202 Varick street, the driver, was
unable to control them, and at Portleth street

he waa thrown frorn his seat as the horses made
an sudden swerve At Forty-second street
Bicycle Policeman Walsh rode up to the horses
and tried © stop them, but he was thrown
from his wheel and bruleed

Just as the

horses crossed Forty-second

etreet they collided with a hansom driven by +

David Morris. The hansom was badly dam-
aged and the coach was smashed almost be-
yond repair In some manner the two youn
women in the hansom were not thrown out
and they wraped injury. Polleeman Maher
of the Fast Fifty-firet street station stopped the
rinaways at Forty-fourth street

Mr. Touev said that his wife, his child and
himself were badly shaken P. but not seriously
in ired. Neither Post nor Walsh was seriously
virrt

 

SCHOOLTEACHER A SUICIDE,

Changes Which Had Been Made in the Stady
Schedole Troubled Her.

PLAINFIELD, N. J. Sept. 10.—Cara Tick-
nor, who for the last fourteen years has been
a teacher in the Bryant public school, com-
mitted suicide last evening by drinking car-
bolic acid. She had been greatly affected by
the intanse heat of the sunimer and had also
worried about changes which had been mace
in her studies for the coming year. Her achool
opens to-morrow and she could not bear the
thought of returning to her duties under the
new conditions, She was ons of the original
teachers in the Bryant school and was very
popular,

DRANK CARBOLIC

ACID,

A Stage-Streck Gin in Leve With an Actor
Tries te Kill Herself—She Will Die.

Pateraon, N. J., Sept. 10.—Minnie Carlough,
aged 19, attempted to commit suicide this
morning {n the rear of her home at 17 Smith
sireet, The gtrl became infatuated with a
member of a theatrical company playing here
and he promised to take her away with him
He loft the city last night without fulfilling his
promise The girl appeared despondent. This
morning she hought earbolic acid at a drug

store hen she went home ‘and drank the
contenta of the bottle. Sho will ale

The w eather.

The Gulf storm moved yesterday to northern Texas,
where it wae without much force and was attended
by only light rain. There were light showers tn Ar-
kansas, Kansas, Nebraska, and thunderstorms in
the Dakotas, Minnesota, Wiseonsin and northern-
Michigan; elsewhere the weather was falr. The prea-
sure was high east of the Missiasipp!. It was coolot
in the Lake regions, the New Pingland States and
the Northwest

In this city the day was fair; wind fresh northeast,
shifting to southeast; average humidity 64 per cent.;
barometer corrected to read to aen level at A A. M.,
30.16; 3 P.M., 50.09

The temperature as recorded by the official ther
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown tn the annexed table

—-OMeal—~ Sun's, | —OMelai~ Sun's

1900, :899. 1900 1900, 1899. 1999,

9 A. M.76° es* 75° 8 P. Pi 76° ae 76°
12M... 81° 70° 75°! 74° 4° 76°
aP.M.70* 69° 78° } hia 74° «62" = 77°

WASHINGTON FORPCAST POR TODAY AND TO
MORROW,
For the IMatriet of Columbta, Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, eastern Pennsylvania and New Jcrmey, fair
and continued warm to-day and to morrow. fresh
winds, mostly easterly
For eastern New York and New England,
to-day and to morrow. lighitofresh winds, mostiy east
For western New York and western Pennsylvania,
fairto-day: partly cloudy to-morrow, probably show-
4Te newer the caltes, freed east te south winds,

fair

ee

    
    
      

   
  

   
 
  

 

A SODA FOUNTAIN FOR EVERY HOME.

 

TRADE MARK
Small Stee! Capsules Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.  @.

Travelling flasks come for use with SPARKLETS. Ca
one with you on the cars or boat—Fill it with iced water from
the cooler, areate it with a SPARK-
LET, and there youare. The bot-
tle can be slipped into a satchel or
overcoat pocket, knocking round
won't hurt it, and a box of
SPARKLETS takes up no more
room than a bunch of keys.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.
Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.
Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished.

All Dealers, Write for Booklet,

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N.Y. City, ¢

IN ORDER

To get all the benefits of the

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

 

 

  
  
      
   
         

zs,

THE HOOK OF 1900

you must see that tt ts properly sewed on. The illustratton on the sample
card Will instruct you. One suggestion more. Remember that a short,
quick, upward and outward pall opens the whole row, while a little twist
is best for individual hooks.

‘THE SNAP DOES IT."’

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts. for a sample card.
Say whether WHITE or BLACK.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO. .. 377 B’way, N. Y. City

   

 

 

 

 

OBITUARY. NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN, |
Tlenry Quackenbush Jansing died at his | State Division Nominations Announced~There
home, 255 Sanford avenue, Flushing, L. I. May Be Opposition.

yesterday afternoon, aged 7% years He de
scended froin distingulshed Holland and Hu-
guenot families Both of his grandfathers
were officers in the patriot army tp the Revolu-
tion. To one of them, Col. Quackenbush, was
entrusted command of the detachment
which brought Gen. Burgoyne from Saratoga |
to Albany after his surrender Mr. Lansing
was born tn Albany Ile moved soon alter
the war to Brooklyn, where he practised law

Yesterday the nominations for represen.
tives on the State Board of Officers of the N:
York Division were given out. They are e);
posed to be announced on Sept. 1, and a:
independent nominations must be filed |
petition before Sept. 15, For several ye
the Nominating Committee and officers of t)
New York State Division have sought to ay
independent nominations and the consequen
has been that the meetings have been far fr

the

fie moved to é. be 4 ing on 7 years ago. , His being an open forum for the expression 0!
o iti ” ence ’ ”

Vaccine and Egbert” 1 hana’ f Manhattan, | ideas on the part of members. This unhea!t!

and two sisters barmony has led to criticism and hints of
The Rev. Thomas A. McCaffray of St. Rose of | “Sang mile.” In the Ust presented yester

Iima's Catholic Church at Kockaway Beach | day It ts notable that there has been add

died on Sunday afternoon at the rectory of | the name of one man who can be counted ur

typhoid pneumonia, He was born in BrooklrD | not to forever agree with the regular cliq

in 1857, and was ordatned seventeen years ago.
For nine years he was assistant pastor of &t
Patrick's cauren in ~ one e ,A-gies, he was | new ideas, The nomination referred to |s
the rector of the church at ne's Par Fun- a me
eral services will be held in the chureh at Rock- | that of Alexander Schwalbach of Brooklyn
away Beach at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. | Who has been opposed to the polley of t
Bishop McDonnell and Vicar-General McNamara | present administration, The rest of the ticke
{a made up chiefly of those who have bee J

will oMeciate. The burial will be in Boly Cross
serving year in and out for several ten

and in this there is hope for the injection }

Cemetery, Flatbush.

 

Robert Lenox Clow of Princeton, N. J, was 7 oo
found dead in bed on Sunday morning. He The only note of opposition heard yesterday
was 74 years old and suffered for years from | eame from Will R, Pitman, another repre
neart qinease pie won Fi fra Hed at prance | sentative member who has openly antox
ton tinder the Pierce ach istration and under 4
President Buchanan. For the last thirteen | nized the present officers and fn conse
years he was Deputy Keeper of the State | quence he is not recognized, although !

} is a charter member of the League. He
said last night that he would run indepen
dently for a place on the board from the Firs!
district, Following are the names subinitted
by the regular committee to be voted upon
by mail from Oct, 16 to Nov.

Prison in Trenton His father, Henry Clow,
served as steward of the College of New Jersey
pant a century ago. Two daughters survive
im

Willlam Prescott Smith, the son of J. Van
Smith, general superintendent of the New York

division the timore and Ohfo Railroad ‘ » '

rst District- H. FL Ackerly, G, R. Ridwetle J (
and \ ice- ealdent and general manager of the ae Jarvis Cc. Howard, Dr ‘ss LeRoy, pr PA
Staten Island Rapid Transit Railroad, dled yee dyrick, J. BH. Pratt, C,H. § et oe) aay for, Wheeler
terday in the Smith Infirmary, New Brighton, | K; Doty, allof New York, and L Gemre, Rogetak

Staten Island, of twphoid fever after three Second District- George T. Stebbins, N Ss. Cobh

days’ fllness He had been etaying at the leigh, H M. Valentine, lseac 1. Potter and Alexander
Hotel Castleton, New Brighton. He was 22 | walbech, all of Brooklyn

Third District Huyler Ellison, Freeport

Fourth District - Joseph tH. Acker, Poses tico Hills

'
years old. |
|
|

  

 

Siward Sherman Fiteh, aged 68, cied on | Fifth Distriet- H. W. Bullard, Poughher pole
funday at the Hotel Majestic. He was a former Siath District - Arthur ©. Stott, Stotes calle. ;
member of the Stock exchange and belonged | sevens District wu hesh T. Cocks, Kt ornwalk

ot af ) ¢ | Tighth District W bomas, Alvan)
ao tae Boewety af Con ve mrars, the Gana of the | Ninth Distriet- DeLan Nery Watkins, Se heneetady

Revolution, St. Andrew's Soc jety andthe Order |;

of the War of 1512. He was a descendant of | $f"? ry
Roger Sherman, one of the signers of the Twelfth Distriet. J
yeclaration of Independence. | Thirteenth Distrtet
cuse,

Fourteenth District

Homer 0 Roger, Waterford
Ralph VP. Stoddard, Onconta
Holmes

Forman lL. Wilki

Jr., illom
son, Syra

 

John S& Boyd of Peekskill] died yesterday of | Julius G. pee Oawego.
mira

apoplexy. He waa born in Carmel, N. ¥., Noy Fifteenth District Charles 1. Kut
15, 1897. He was a member of the Poeksk' Binteenth District. Réward F Leonard, Auburn
Jioard of Trade, and for meny years wasa — Seventeenth District William (, Edwar tn, Twoet

tee of ®t. Paul's M. FE Church. He served in
the Sixth New York Heavy Artillery during the
War of the Rebellion. He leaves a wife and
two sons

avid Quackenbush,
well known in the wholesale grocery trade here,

ester
Fighteenth District
Nineteenth District Cy

Yachting Notes.

William 1), Smith, Patera
Teo Abell, Huffalo.

who years ago Was

. 4 fouled t r faked fo the
died on Bunday at hie home In Roselle, N. J. tarenmset Lowor Day vegeta and lanes wi
He was born in this city eighty: ~four years amo, | tending that she was forced on the mark while bartve

and retired from ective business several years
azo. He leaves n daughter and two sons,
one of whom {s inShanghal, China |

The Cereal Course

At too many breakfast

the right of way. The Regatta Committer f
cided against the Cherokee, The boat forfe et
rights by altering her helm at the mark

 

Should be as much enjoyed as the fruit.
tables it is hurried over without enjoyment, or perhaps eaten just
as an excuse for the cream.

COOK’S
FLAKED RICE

is lingered over, plates are replenished,
and often a second dish is eaten just
for the fun of preparing it on the table.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions and book of tested rece

in every package.

ipts

All Grocers. Large package, I5 Cts,

COOK’S FLAKED RICE CO., 1! Union Square, N. Y ‘City