|

4

eee

 

    

The Seas? Sun.

 

—————

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1900.

 

 

—_—

Subscriptions by Matl, Postpaid.

   

DAILY, per MORUD....scerccccrsecssess stems OO BO
DAILY, per Year...+ erorte eceovees, 8 OO
SUNDAY, per Yoar. .ccccscssssceesceseeeeseess 2 OO

8 00
vo

 
 

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year....++ oe
DAILY AND SUNDAY, pet Month. seer ee sores

Postage to foreign countries added
THe SON, New York City.

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioeque No, 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

If owr friends who favor us wih manuseriia for
publication wish to Rave rejected articles returned, they
rust in oti cages send amps for thal purpore
ooo OOOO

 

Advocacy That Is Fatal to Bryan,

Mr. Ricnarnp OLNEY apologizes for his
support of Brrax on the ground that“ {n+
firmities in ite creed and di fects in ita leader-
ahip will always characterize every party °
Mr. Epwarp M. Siepanrp's apology is
that “ apanic would be asmall price to pay”
for the destruction of an imaginary “ im-
pertaiiam” by the election of Iinyan. The
apology of Mr. Cari Sernure f« that the
party In opposition would be able to prevent

Bryan from carrying out MM deternil: a-
tion to destroy the prosperity of the country
by the ** Imrmeilate " eoforeement of his dls
astrous policy and Mr. Borikke Cochuan
presenta a similar apology

A ‘tke ton f apology pervades every
argument for the support f ibeyan witheh
ig made in any other quarter than 4 ra
the honest advocates « fftrew silver acct te
overthrow of the pold standard = b.xevpt
only by Popeliste and Popullzed Democrats
he has LO aapport that dore net fly in the
face of the cormmon sense of the people
by Ita confession that the taue whieh alone
gives hin, cistinetion and prow red his
pomination in !s9@ and his renomination
In 1000, Is false and pernicious

Now, how is it possible for a candidate
to murvive nv advocacy which 13 so fatal

to him in {ts conternptuous confeason of
his “infirmities”? in 1kv6 hla support was
as honest and thorough a8 waa the oppoal-
thon to him. Here tn New York, for in-
stance, {t wns suispected that among leaders

of Tammany it was largely perfunetory
only, but among their followers it was
unquestionably sincere and anthus.astic

The absolute faith in Bryan’s silver theory
which oost the late Mr. Sv. douN 80 grievous
@ escrifice, both financially and in the es |
team of his banking colleagues, was shared
by practically every one of the
citizena who voted for Beran in 186. At
this time four yeara ago Taminany orators
in crowded halis, from the tatla of carta
or on the atreet pavements were guaran-
teeing to the people the complete efficacy |
of the 16-to-1 medicine for all the ills of ,
socety; and it was evident that they |
talked no more oontidently than in their

enthuatastic conviction they actually felt.
So it was throughout the Union, Every
where the support of Kryan was Aa the hero
of 16 to 1 and It was sincere and uncom
promising. it would have resented apol-
ogies like those now made by Messrs.
OLNEY and BcHURZ as Insulting to both
the candidate and their own intensity of
devotion. The great aggregate of votes for
Bryan in 1896, or one million more than
were cast for CLEVELAND in 1802, repre- |
sented and expreased genuine faith in his
silver theory at a tine when it came as a
novelty to the American people. It was
believed in by those millions of citizens
as the cure-all he declared it to be, and not
leas confidently they looked forward to |
business and industrial calamity as om
'

inevitable consequence of his defeat. Now,
instead of stimulating that faith advo-
cates of Mnyan of the Olney order are
telling people that it was and is an
“infirmity” and that there {s no justifica- |
tion for supporting Lim except in spite of it,
though again he has been made a candidate
for President solely as ita apostle.

Is that the way to rekindle the flame of |
enthusiasm in his behalf which burned |
throughout the Union so fiercely four |
years ago? Will not Bryan soon find that
if there is to be any fire in his campaign
he will have to inflate his lungs to counter-
act the influence of so chilling and quench-
ing an advocacy? He needs friends, not
apologists. If he is not the apostle of
16 to 1 he is nothing.

 

The University of Vermont.

Although Vermont did not enter the
Union as a Atate until after the govern-
ment organized under the Federal Consti-
tution went into operation, the institution
known as the University of Vermont was
established more than a century ago. It
was created in 1701 by an act of the Stato
Legislature, which authorized its cor-
porators to appropriate all lands which |
had been granted and reserved by the State |
for the use and benefit of a college. In
1865 the State Agricultural College, which
had been incorporated three years before, |
and had received a grant of public lands
from the United States, was united with
the elder institution under the collective
name of the University of Vermont and
State Agricultural College.

This seat of learning has no law school or
school of theology, but a medical college |
which was started in 1822 has recently been |
reorganized asa codrdinate department of
the university. On the whole, the institu-
thon may be said to satisfy the definition |
of a etudtum generale, for, although the
majority of its students are natives of
Vermont, many come from other New
England States and from New York, and
some from more distant parts of the Union.
According to the catalogue for 1899-1900
the teaching staff of the university now

nymbers 61, and there are 523 students, |

of whom 288 belong to the academical
departments and 191 to the school of medi-
cine. We should point out that a part of

| inoluding

184,624 | !

| more year the system of elective studies

 

    
 

to write Latin prose, to translate ordinary
Latin at aight, and he will be examined
in Latin grammar, including prosody. |
In mathematics he must offer arithmetio,
the metric system; algebra
through quadratio equations, and plane
geometry. An applicant will also be teated
with regard to his knowledge of English |
grammar and English literature, ancient |
and modern geography, and not only an- ,
clent but also English and American his- |
tory. That ts to say, the conditions of ad- :
mission to the Untversity of Vermont for
those who deatre to attain the degree of
Bachelor of Arts are fully up to the standard
of those elder universities which atill Insist
upon a knowledge of Greek. '
A student, however, may enter the de-
partment of arts at this institution without |
any knowledge of Greek, but tn this case |
he must offer French or German as an |

| equivalent, and he can only obtain the!

degree of Bachelor of Philosophy. To the,
aclentific departments, which comprise, |
first, civil, electrical and mechanical engt- |
neering, secondly, chemistry, and, thirdly,
agriculture, a student may be admitted
without any knowledge of elther Greek
or Latin, but ¢ must offer French or Ger |
man as a aubatitute for the latter language. |
The ordinare degree conferred by the —
actenti®e departments is that of Bachelor |
§ Setence, but the degree of Civil, Flectrical |
or Meehanteal Engineer {a bestowed upon |

there Bachelor of Sdence who shall have
pursuet the appronriate technical etudies
for at least one additional year, and have
engaged in profe yl work for one year
yore, We chould here mention thot the
legree of Siuster of Arta or Master of
Science is only conferred upon aracuates
rho shal) have sided ona year at the
University f Verm nt, and upon non-

revi out graduates who ahall have pursued
elaowhere for tw irs a course of liberal
atid In oll cases a candidate for either
the decrees named must present a thesis
non aome branch of liberal atudy pursued
einee graduation, and pass an examination
hefore the faculty The degree of Doctor
if Merlicine ia conferred upon those who
have attended a four years’ course tn the
and who have passed satia- |

nedical schoo
factorily the final examinations

The requirementa for admission to this
achool are not as high aa those preseribed
at somo universities No knowledge of
Latin {a9 required; applicants are simply
called upon to passa an entrance examina-
tion In arithmetic. grammar, geography,
orthography, American history, Fngiiah
composition and elementary physics. We
should note in passing, with reward to the
academteal department of the University
of Vermont, that the studies of the fresh-
man year are all prescribed; for claasteal
etadents they include Greek and Latin,
while for Hterary-actentifio students Greek
ia replaced by French. With the sopho-

begins, the only preacribed work for that
twelvemonth being English and one modern
language.

As regards expenses at this university,
we observe that the tuition fee in the arts
and scientific departments ts $60 per annum.
There {a also an annual fee of $20 for inct-
dental expenses, which does not Include
charges for breakage or the cost of matertal
ueed in laboratory courses The rent of
rooms tn the college buildings ranges from |
$15 to $80 per year, and board ts procurable |
{n the college hall for $2.75 per week, A
good deal of assistance in the way of
scholarships is obtainable by needy but mer-
{torious students. For instanca, ordinary
scholarships, of which there are forty ~aix,
cance) the amount of the tuition fee; State
scholarships, of which there are thirty
both the tuition and the annual fees. There
is also a Joan fund and a number of prizes.

W. may mention, finally, that what may
be termed the plant of the university com-
prehends a library of 57,00 volumes, in-
cluding the valuable collection mado by
the well-known philologist, Gronom P
Marsi; & museum containing archmologt
cal, ethnological, mineralogical, concholog-
ical and numismatic collections, together
with the collection of Oriental objects nade
in India by the late H, LeGnanp Cannon
and by him bequeathed to this institution.
There is also an art gallery in which are
brought together such paintings, engrav-
ings, models, casts and photographs as
serve to illustrate the history and prin-
ciples of both ancient and modern art,

An Attack on Jim Jump.

The noble efforts of the Hon. Jr Jump of
St, Louis to strangle the Octopus with one
hand and with the other to beckon the com-
merctal travellers into the Bryan tent have
aroused the envy that ever dogs the heels of
genius. A townaman, who sends us his
namo, here undivalged, so that there may
be still a place of penitence {n his heart
when he comes to see his error, aims this
poisoned shaft at the Terror of the Trusts:

“To THR Forror or Taw SUN—Sér In your
tesue of Sept. 2 sou printed an editorial on the antics
of the Hon, JIM TOMP In his endeavors to captain
the cause of the Bryantie commercial travellera So
far so good, but that ts not all there ts to be said about
the Hon Jr. He ts by prevtousty selected oecupa-
thon a shoe drummer and by one chotce of amusement
anamateur photographer. low be came into politica
lies between the Hon. JiMJUMP and the Hon JIM
JONES. It ts, however, certain that he does not be- ,
long to the same ciaas of polf'ieal notorieties as our |
own ABE SLUPSKY, your DINK BOTTS, or Chicago's ;
BATHHOUSE JOHN, for all of these noted personages |
are standing on their own bottoms as having accom- |
plished something tn a polltioal way by thetr own }
brains Not so wlth the Hon Jim; Dis brains are |
working above another pair of feet, }

“The Hon, Jim has a bosom friend named |

'
'
|
!

BARKER, Mr. C. L BARKER, "Cy" for short Now|
Cy thinks 4 great deal of Jim im fact so much that
he is helping JIM to make & reputation for himself
of astute and convincing campaign literature Cy
PARKER Is writing all the stuff that is passing as |
Jim JUMP’S production, And Cy isnot a Bryanite
either. He deserted the ranks of Bryanism four
years agoand |s a rabid and awiul imperialist, with
McKinleyistic tendencies

“ Cy's experiences have been somewhat varied, be-
ginning with the cutting of eye teeth while playing
devil in @ printing shop over In Ohiosomewhere, Ov
ia no fool by any manner of means; in fact be is @
pretty sharp fellow, and fust what he means by assist-
ing the Hon. JrM is problematical JIM can write oat
a shoe order so that the menin the house who are

the students are young women, the prin- | jseq to his ehirography can pick ft out, but he

ciple of coeducation having been adopted |

at Burlington.

The requirements for admission and the
subsequent courses of instruction vary
acoording as a student enters the depart-
ment of arte or the acientific departmenta.
In the department of arts itself the re-
quirements differ according as a student

alms at the degree of Bachelor of Arta or |

at that of Bachelor of Philosophy. In the

former case an applicant must be con- |

versant with Greek grammar,
prosody, must be able to
Greek prose and to translate easy Creek
at sight, and must be examined in four

including

books of XeNOPHON’s “Anabasis.” and in |

three books of the “ Lliad.” In Latin he
must have read four books of Casan's
“Commentaries,” six orations of Crcrro,
together wah VinGiL's “Eclogues” and six

|
i
|
'
in the Southwest, and there is a possibility that the |
| Hon Jt is making a food hanile for some purpose

 

write simple |

couldn't write a free silver editorial or a campaign
letter tf {} would save him from becoming a member of
your gallery of notables. The said OY (s editor of the |
Shoe and Leather Gatette, the organ of the shoe trade

of Cy's
“Yours for honest money and respect for political
opponents who oan use their own braina

“8ST. Louts, Sept 4 OLD BULLION, Jn"

The persons who believe that SHaxn-
8PBARE didn't write his plays are welcome to
believe that the Hon. Jim Jump is not the
author of those passionate and powerful
articles against Trusts that have drawn
| tears from the Hon. Jim Joxrs. But we!
will not judge gladly to the baser end. We |
see no resemblance between the works
of Jump and the editorial articles in the
| Shoe and Leather Gazette, Doubtless the

lion, Cy Banxen is a clever man, and his

books of thé "Eneid;” he must also be able | friendship for ty Hon. Jim Jump is a credit

    

to both of them and to human nature, The |
friends of the Hon. Jim JomP must be men |
of intellect and deep-revolving mind. But
even if he were a man to dress himeelf in
borrowed robes, his own wardrobe, were —
{t of the poorest, would be all that he would
need in his movement against the Trusts.
Why should he have to use the brains of
the Hon, Cy Barker? It is not hard work
to denounce the Trusts. The thing is done
every day by men who are themselves deep
in Trusts, It doesn’t require vast intelll-
gence. A boy who had read the School
Speaker and Bryan's speeches could declaim
against the Trusts as well as BRYAN or
Jump. Hang the facts and manufacture
the figures. Serve piping hot. ‘That ts
the recipe.

We will not believe, then, that the pro-
ductions of the Jumpery-Trumpery school
attributed to the Hon, Jim Jump come from
the Hon. Cy Barker, It may be that both
Jump and Barker have a quick sense of
humor and that the former, with the galety
of the true drummer, laughs In his sleeve
at the unceasing warfare against monopoly, |
But the intervention of the Hon. Cy BARKER
{s not needed. Anybody can whack the |
Trusts, but not everybody can be a JIM
Jump. We will have no hand in taking
Jim Jumr’s honors from him; yet tt may
well be that there is a wink in his eye.

 

At Plymouth Rock

Tho Triennial Congresa of the Society
of Mayflower Descendants will assemble
in Plymouth Masa, this week. Many |
persons of distinction are among the dele- ,
gates. As for the number of Deacendanta,
it is legion, In view of the fact that most
of the Maytlower people were of low degree,
the happiness felt In being descended from
them is creditable and can have no anob-
bery about tt. The great Puritan swells
of the Massachusetts Bay settlement seem
to get lesy honor than the humble folk
of Plymouth Rock and Puddle Dock

Poor, meagre and untmportant in itself
Plymouth mizht never have been and
yet the great stream of Now England hise-
torr would have flowed unchecked, The
Purtian emigration determined the ohar-
acter of New England and of the Common-
wealths which New England was to found
or help tn founding elsewhere, But the
giory of priority, the romance of humble
origin belong to the Plymouth Pilgrims;
and these have been celebrated, not always
wisely and sometimes perhaps too well.
Still, there is patriotism as well as pride
in this robust form of ancestor worship.
Some of the orators at Forefathers’ Day
dinners confuse the Pilgrims and the Purt-
tans, but a noble series of orations at Ply-
mouth and elsewhere, has glorified the
men and women of the Mayflower.

It is worth while to remember that {t
was commercialism that opened this ooun- |
try to colonization. When all is said that
should be sald about the desire to look
after the souls of the natives and about
the veal of the emigranta to worship Gop
according to their own consciences and
not let anybody else do so, the fact remains
that “greed” was the inspiring motive of
European settlement in the Untted States.
The title was by force occasionally varted
by cheap purchase, The passion for new
resources and trade burned in the mother |
country. Wherever there have been cok
onies or States in the world, the hope of
commercial advantage hes been their
uwtimate cause.

We invite the Descendants to think on
this as they gaze at the Kook.

 

 

The Hurricane tn the Gulf.

Both our Gulf and Atlantic coasts suffer |
severely at times from the cyclonio storms
that originate in the Caribbean Sea. Sep-
tember and October are norr
of lowest atmoupheric pressure in the
West Indies and the Carfbbean. Currents
of alr from all directions move toward
this area of low barometer and the meeting
of these currents gives riso to a ciroular
or whirling motion whose diameter at
the start is a small affair, but is sometimes
increased to 2,000 miles. The whirl in-
variably moves northward and nearly
always westward, while within the tropics,
and thus our entire (ulf coast may be
brought within its range; but by the time
it reaches the Gulf Stream ita i

 

 

direction lg changed to easterly and te
follows, in part, the stream's course; and
our Atlantic coast sometimes gets the
benefit of the western part of the whirl.
About 8& per cent. of these West Indies
cyclones occur in August, September and
October. Fortunately most of them are
not of a very destructive character. The |
records {in the Island of St. Thomas, for
example, show that in the century and
a half preceding 1807 that island suffered
from devastating oyclones only seven |
times though it is the northern and eastern |
islands, such as St. Thomas, Porto Rico, Cuba |
and the Bahamas that are most frequently |
in the pathway of the severest oyolones.
With a wind velocity at Galveston, |
other day, of eighty miles an hour, nearly
twice the velocity of the wind that mariners
call a strong gale, the storm, everywhere
over sea or land, must have been of very
destructive violence unless Galveston was |
near the centre of the whirl; for the force |
of the wind gradually increases from the |
margin toward the centre.
The extension of our weather service |
to a number of islands in the Antilles has |
already proved of considerable service
by the warnings sent to our porte and ship-
ping of the approach of these storms. No
such warnings, however, could mitigate
the catastrophe that has overwhelmed |
Galveston Her citizens will probably |
ascertain, as soon as possible, how far the |

| resources of engineering science may be |

available to protect them in future from |
similar invasions of the sea caused by
cyclones.

 

Baseball,

A few weeks ago, after Dorie of the
New York club had struck the umpire,
Emsuiz, we Called the attention of a New
England contemporary, the Boston Herald,
to its noticeable share in encouraging the
spirit which leads to such assaults, The root |

| of all disorder on the baseball fleld is of |

course the players’ habit of wrangling with |
the umpire over unfavorable decisions, an |
offence to sport for which the Boston club |
fs conspicuous, and toward which the
Herald has shown a tolerating or even
friendly side. Henoe our rebuke, Our
contemporary met us with protests of
innocence. So we laid before it, taken from
ita own columns, the conclusive evidence
of ite guilt, hopefully, since it had shown
signs of a better tone, Alas, things have
gone wrong again with our contemporary.
They are even worse thanever We quote |
from ite issue of Sept. 7:

“ Umpire SNYDER was clearly tn error in deciding
IRWIN out at the home plate in the firstinning. The
player was safe, and @ good kick was justifiable, A

ah he

oe tee we

 

, commend Irwin and the

TUESDAY,

player is made of poor stuff who would not stand
for hia rights |n such a cna.

“(This was not the only time the umpire was in error,
It is simply impossible to conjecture whas was the
matter with his eyesight and his judgement There
waa no more doubt that DUFFY was safely past first
{n the fourth, when he beat the throw of KaHOR,
than there was in the case of IRWIN, and LEWIS
clearly was safe at first in the atxth inning, but was

    

|

given out Even rustiness would be no excuse for |

_ @uch lapeea”

The umpire the “ sole and absolute judge”
as to the facts of the game, had his view
about the case. So did Inwin and the
Herald. Their views not agreeing with

| the umpire's they kicked, the player kick- |
| Ing on the fleld, and the newspaper back-

ing him up next morning. In the Herald's
view there was occasion for a “ good kick.”
Indeed a good kick was required of InwIN
as 4 man of spirit. He had rights. The
umpire was the offictal appointed to Judge
them, but no matter. As the prisoner and
his counsel thought the Judge was wrong,
they raised their fista at the bench.

Possibly our contermporary is a hope-
less case It may never see and under-
stand {ta encouragement of rowdyism,
But for those who have in truth the inter-
ests of the national game at heart and who
are fond of sport because it fa sport, we
Herald as ex-
amples of what must be obliterated utterly
from the ball flald or the national game
will remain rowdy to the end—tts end.

Ourtously enough on the heels of this
double outerop of rowdyism in Boston a
spokesman of the profeasionsls now
leaguing themselves to deal the better
with the magnates tells THe Sun that they
“have agreed to stop kicking at umpires

and to refrain from indulging tn other |

rows that have hurt the national game.
In a word, the players have cotne to 4@ realiz-

 

 

ing sense that unless baseball {s reformed |
it will sink so low in the estimation of the |

public that {t will be impossible for us to
draw good salaries and for the club owners
to make any money.” Good. Baseball,
to be a game, must have an umpire. With-
out one it never will be better than a fight.

Tt is a eafe prediction that when the Demo-
cratio candidate for Governor firet reaches
his home after the nomination he will not re-
ceive auch an enthustastic and * all out” greeting
as was given to BENJAMIN B ODELL, the Ke-
publican nomines, when he got back to his
home tn Newburg.

The Hon. Groror FRED WItttams has reached
the If-the-election-were-held-to-~day-McKINLEY~
would-be-heaten stage, Ho little it takes to
make @ great man happy.

 

Mr. Ricnargp OLwey’s recent crttictam of
the Administration’s Philippine policy as* tact-
less and brute!” was based upon his bellef that
*“ the treaty of peace waa the signal for another,
more costly, bloody and prolonged war.” = Mr.
OLNky does not know his subject. AGUTNALDO
began the war Mr. OLNEY refers to three days
before the treaty was ratified, when the leading
Democrats were confidentthat the treaty would
be beaten.

“Their unprovoked assault upon our sokdiers
at the time when the Senate was deliberating
upon the treaty,” President McKiInuay writes
in his letter of acceptanos, “shows that no
action on our part, except surrender and aban-
donment, would have prevented the fighting,
and leaves no doubt, in any fatr mind, of where
the responsibility reste for the ahedding of
American blood.”

It rested first with AovINALpo. Since then
tt has been shared by the supportersef Wom
dmninos BRran, the effect of whore treason-
able conduct the late Gen. Lawron prayed
that the American people might know.

Major Mrus of Atlanta wants to be Mayor
Mus of Atlanta Major Mos “loves to pro-
asim and asks no better epttaph than ‘ He was
true to his party and his principles and always
voted the Democratic ticket.’ ” But if Major
Mims were true to Democratic principles, he
wouldn’t have voted the Democratto ticket
in 1896 and he would refuse to vote it in 1900

We hope that the owners of the Deutachland

 

ean steam across the Atlantic at better than
23 1-4 knots ought to be snoouraged.

One of the most promtnent gold Democrats
of Raltimore, Mr. Epoan H. Gana, has reviewed
the political situation tn a letter of exhaustive
ability to the Baltimore News, and sums up on
the silver iarue thus:

“ Whatever elae may be saidof the effect of HRY ANS
success, (t is certain that his dlectian will give the
free silver heresy an enormous prestiga The vote
will be claimed by ARYAN aa & mandate from the
people to tmmediatety establish free silver at the mtio
of 16 to & A President fanatically wedded to its
establishment will use all his power to force ft upon
Congress. =A House of Representatives will pass a
btlL The alver question will again come to the fore
with a popular majority behind it There will be
constant and ageresaive agtation in ttefavor, Would
not this be a great evil to the mind of « sound money
Democrat?’

Regarding tmpertalism, in his analysis of the
Bryan plan and the McKinley plan he finds
thetr chief difference not one of kind but of
Atficulty and costliness, the Bryan plan being
ata disadvantage So he concludes:

“My concdusion, therefore, t@ that imperialism ta
a false issue, has Mo substance in 1 and contains
nothing which should prevent any sound money
Democrat from voting as he voted in 1604 For my
part, [shall vote for MCKINLEY and ROOSRVELT.”

A horse that trots a mile to wagon In 2;06}4, aa
The Abbot did last Friday, ought to be able,
going before a eulky, to beat the 2:08% of the

record holder, Altix.
$$

What Bishop Tarner Is 4 fter.
To THE Evrror oF THR SUN--Sir: Interestin
political circles in the city of Macon and Stat of
Georgia has been aroused over the announcement of

 

 

|

ly months | will make alot of money from her. A ship thas |

 

Bishop Henry M. Turner of the A. M. BE. Church |

South that he would not only vote for Bryan, but also
stump the State and country forbim. Noman of bis
race has been im the past more bitter againat the
Democrats of Georgia than he; It is doubiful if his lan-
guage will help the party, but the Bishop basa card
up his sleeve thas will soon be played.

The Stave election will be held on Oct 6, when
members of the Legisiature will be chosen, and that
body will assemble on Oct 24. Following in the
footsteps of Louisiana, Mississippi, North and South
Carolina, Georgia will try again w have a Constitu-
tonal amendment passed eliminating the negro from
politics. The Hardwick bill, killed last year, will be
introduced again by Mr. Roland Ellisof Bibb county
in the Senate The Bishop's action, therefore, will
forestall any action of the Assembly, as there will
sttll remain about ten days of the Presidential cam-
paign, and the reverend parson will see to tt in
dealing the polftical cards that the bill will be
smothered. There le a somewhat vague opinion
among some o! the advocates of the bill that perhaps
there may be an understanding between the Northern
Democrats and the Bishop that on the eventof liry
an'as clection Federal troops will be used to quell race
troubles resulting {n lynching and other outrages.
Whether such a thing would be attempted is not
known, and no one can speak of it, but ft is safe to
aay the people of the State will not submit to such use
of the State militia or of the Federal soldier.

It remains to be seen if the sudden change of the
Bishop in bis political opinions will have the desired
effect, and if i ls going to be wo the advantage of the
Democratic party to cater to that element in this
State The people have not forgotien the advice he
gave bis race to arm themselves with shotguns and
shoot down the first white person who attempted to
arrest them And it remains to be seen. wo, if his
tr fluence reaches to the extent of controlling the votes
of any of his race. SouTH

MACON, Ga, Sept 6.

“Fleet Me and I'll Do No Harm."

To THRE Fvorron or THE 6UN—Sér; Your
editorial in THe SUN of Sept. 5 headed a ‘‘Humilia-
ting Position in Polities” is admirable. The Bryan
logic is, Elect me, I can do no harm the Republicans
wont let me Could anything be more absurd in
politics? J. W. HARMAN,

BROOKLYN, Sepe 7.

 

—_——

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

 

While Gen. Buller ts pushing the part of A Discriminating

the Boer force that went eastward from Lyden-
burg toward the Portuguese frontier, Gen.
French is advancing toward Barberton from
Carolina, which is south of Dalmanutha, The
object of thia double movement eastward
is to drive the Boers from the railway to Ko
matipoort, and bottle them up in the mountains
north of Lydenburg after their communica-
tions with Delagoa Bay are cut. There are
several roads from the northeast of the
Transvaal down to the Portuguese coast, by
which there would still be means of cetting

up supplies for a Hmited number of
men, but the question must be present-
tng itaelf to the leaders whether, {nm the final

certainty that no help is coming from abroad,
{t would not be wiser to trak inte neutral ter
ritory, the British poliey having developed
into one of deportation, and extermination
of the Dutch element as a political fores tn
South Africa. Gen, De Wet fa working in the
Kroonstad district, and is Just reported to have
captured a train near the Klip River, As re
garda the future, fnanctal provision has beon
made for keeping up the agitation in favor of
the republics A sum of about $12,500,000 is
aald, on good authority, to have Leen placed
in Kurope under a larwe body of trustees for
that purpose. President Kradxer and Mr. Steyn
are reported at Pilgrim's Rest inthe heart of
the mountains north of Lydenburg, and the
rolling stock of the rallways js massed at the
end of the Selaul iver Kallway on the way to
Laydsdorp from Koornatipoort

THE CHINESE

 
 

SITUATION.

Gen. Chaffee's deapateh of last Tuesday con-
firms the vlew that the Chinese Government
will not return to Pekin while {t is oceupled by
foreign troopa, and he tis of opinion that it wil
be a long time before Pekin saain becomes
the seat of diplomutic relations with the ¢ hilese
Government. [tie rasards {t at present as
merely a camp for the forelen army pending
settlanent with the Powers at other polnts
The Russian Government, it Seema, adheres to
{te declaration rewarding the withdrawal of
its representative from Pekin, o# Gen, Chat-
fee reporta that the legation leaves there very
soon for Tientatn In conformity
intention ax preased by our own Government at

 

with the

the time of the Russian declaration, @ com-
‘nuntoation has bean sent to Mr. Conger under
which he will act whenever the Russian with-

Meantime it is understood
that Great Britain and Germany have agreed
not to evacnate Pekin antil full satlfaetion
has been obtained from China for the late out-

drawal takes place

  
  

a

 

| A CITIZEN DESERVING OF HONOR.

 

Tribute te the Hon. Abram
8, Hewitt.

To tue Evrron or Tre Sun—Str; Mr. Abram
8. Hewitt is a man in whom physical infirmities
have induced at times exhibitions of temper
and eccentricities of conduct which have pre-
vented the recognition of him by very many
people at his true and great worth. I put him

among the very ablest Americans of this gener |

ation, in breadth of mind and clear and com-
prehensive philosophical observation and pene-
tration: and, withal, he bas a degree of courage
and independence of opinion whieh unfortu-

nately is not frequent in this country, where
seeming submission of conviction to the cure
rent Judement ts more usually pald aa tho price

of personal conifort

I have not agreed with Mr. Hewitt In many
policies acoepted and defended by him, but I
have always looked to bim as a supertor In-
telligence, In this generation he has been
be far the ablest Representative sent to Con-
of New York, whether
Democrat or Republican, That ability, equal
at least to any In his party from any other
Atate, entitled him to the place of Democratic
leadership in Congresses in which he served
- from the Forty-fourth to the Forty-ninth,
with the single exception of the Forty -sixth
Of right, a Representative from New York of
euch commanding ability should always be a
foremoet figure in Congress, for not only in-
trinsteally, but aleo because of the majestic
community he represanta, he deserves the most
al guished consideration. In a Democratio
Congress is this especially true, for New York
has always been and atill fa the stronghold
of the Lemocratic party, and {ts welght in
lewislation, touching financial and commercial
questions eapectally, should be great

Mr. Hewitt, however, in epite of his great

«reas from the city

   

intellectual ability and often unerring tntaltive

perception of essential economical and political
principles, conditions and wa
prevented from exerciaing such an influence
in Congress by reason of pecullarities of his
disposition and a certain Intoleranve of the
opinions of his colleagues, for whieh T am not

necesslties,

| prepared to say that he was altogether inex-

rages; and Gen. Gaselee, in command of the |

British contingent, reporte that he has ocow
pled Feng-tal Junction just outside of Pekin
and commands the railway to Pao-ting-fu.
The Chinese Government now appearr to
be under the direction of the Emperor, as he
has iasued an edict, dated Aug. 24, by which
14 Hung Chang ts appointed sole Plenipotentiary
with unitmited power to treat with the Powers,

An Address to Negro Citizens,

To T18 Eprron or THe Sun—Air; “Govern
ment without the consent of the governed!”
The Democrats surely did not think or oon
sider bow much more applicable that {a to the
condition {n come of our Southern States than
to the far off Philippines!

Has not the negro been atruged and {treated
in the South ever since suffrage was cranted to
him in |870? Has not everything been done to
disfranohise us andto make or keep us an ik
literate race?

Why are people of a great arcestry afraid of
the negroes? Have not the negroes proved

enusable. 2 will erant, however, that among
his many valuable and admirable accomplish-
ments and native abilities is not conspicuous
the element of tact, Neither can I claim for
him that he ts a steady political helnisman
artful in steering tn the safe channel

As a public speaker I place Mr. Hewitt, on
oweasions, aa one of the best to whom I have
ever listened, He never poses as an orator,
but there {s often {n his speech a rhetorical
grace which is the more engaging because It
fe simple and unconscious; but his easy grasp
of his thought ia most notable, and there is in

\ the character of his mind the impress of tm-

|
|

|

|

agination and philosophy.
substance some of his apparently casual
apeeches have seemed to me quite faultless
and in his greater orations, like that at the
opening of the Brooklyn Bridge, for example,
there waa @ sustained intellectual elevation
which made them memorable and deserving
of a permanent place in the volume of Amari
can eloquence,

During the long period in which Mr. Hewttt
has continned a political activity from whieh I
should regret to see him cease he has dis-
played abilities not less remarkable in the
simultaneous management of private and
public business enterprises on & large scale
and has won great and deserved wealth and
financial consideration. If I waa called on to
pick out the foremost cttizen of New York
for honor I should unhesitatingly select Abram
8S. Howttt

Now, I have said all thie, perhaps with too

thetr patriotism and thetr attachment to the | t prolixity, elmpty becanse of some re-

place of thetr birth? Can we forget the aseis-
tanoe the negroes of North Carolina rendered
in vacating the authority of the King fn 1770, ia
which example the glorious Declaration of
Independence took form? Nor do we forget
how the patriota of that great Btate fought on
the mountains against that dovughty British
warrior, Cornwallis, and drove him one atep
nearer bis final catastrophe at Yorktowa. Deos

|

not history prove that North Carolina was the |

last to be driven into taking sides with the Con
federates: and ia the negro not t~day fighting
side by aide (as he iid then) in the Philippines
with the Unton troops?

Why should the whites call the nagrmoee
iterate when the school facilities are so very
meagre?
{a advancing in education, saving money and
making a home for himself and family; all this
while his personal riehta and linertie. are being
asaniled. Look at the negroin politics. If he
had not shown any abfitty in that line would the
whites now disfranchise him beeause he {s of
the political opp sition? And what bs the conse-
quence of this d.sfranchisemen ?

What cdoyou think of a man who has 6108
votes cast for him and nota eing!e vote against

By persistence, however, the negro |

him? Whatdoes it prove? Isit not that un-
lesa you voted for this man you could not vote
atl Look at the Sixth distr ct of North |
Carolina, with a por ulation of 168,887. Its rep
resentative waa elected with only 1,768 votes
for him and only 181 agjinsat. Thi is but
one sree and I cenid keep on uptil
reached fiitean who have an average a only

alxty Votes agnin-t them in their respective dis- »
is | Rut Mr. Hewitt has seen it with his usual clear-

triets and could name elevan who are so popu-
lar that none would care yote against them,
Can you coneelve men living in the States of

marks made this morning by your correepon-
dent, “Wage Earner.” Those refer consent-
tngty to Mr. Hewltt’e free and broad view of
the “Trast question.” The tendenuy to the
consolidation and concentration of productive
capital and labor which has distinguished
the last quarter of a century and now continues
with gathering force, as hoth discern, ts not
only trresistible, but also wholly advantageous
for society, The soctal and industrial trans-
formation to which It tends so inevitably i
really the brightest promise of the century
Nor in this opinion am 1, and THe Sun tn many
of your vigorous editorials, at vartance with
the most enlightened and discerning opinion
and sentiment of the labor to which Hryan
yainty appeals to hold back this beneficent and
restetiess ourrent. The philosophic student
of social development sees in tt the promise
and potency of a coming era in which the con-
flict of capital and labor, which has been going
on unceasingly since property began, will
eventually be solved by the establishment of
a practical unity between them which will
make the two inseparable in interest

In manner and |

} that the rellaton of the countries that are pre

  
     

DEFENDED,

The Rev, Dr. Barton on the Causes of the
Present Troubles in China,

Boston, Sept, 10.—The Rev. James 1 Barton,
Foreign Secretary of the American Board of
Foreign Missions, read a paper on “The Crista
{n China” before the Evangelical Alliance toe
day. Init he said:

“In Europe and America an orator can Abuse
Russia to his heart's content and be sure of
the applause of his audience, In all the « id
{t Is safe to talk against the Jews without fear
of being brougit to task, In these latter daya
{t has become quite popular and safe to Join tn
a general tlrade against all missionartes {p
general and against the Chinese nmileslonartes
in particular

“While the Chinaman has no name to gtye
to his poly-religious belief and Hfe, he kn: we

 

“a8.
frag hirn hardest ta Christian,

To hin and J
how refer to the educated Chingse aggressive.
hess, especially awainst China, ls one of the
chief charactertstles of Christianity, Riad
ia Christian, and she has already got, at .
possession of Manchutfa and ts pressing on
toward the capital; France, England a@ d Tale
are Christian, and they seem, to be net fa ay
hind in theie aectivittes the conversion of
China to Christianity Is understood by the
leading Chtnese to mean the ntrol or 2 oe
ernment of Chinn by the Cliristian ations,
Itist ot en bosiot ate has given ther this
ox eptlon, but the diplomats nboats
the armies of those ( nriatian Pa i ™ iboats,

“Lat it

Alat hed, eueaemiooe that all China te nee

out of the eighteen provinces tn
Ching proper there have been recent disturbs
anew in only four or five. Had not one of
the ceutres heen the capttal of the emptre the

t would not have attracted the wide ate

 
 

 

tention that {tt} 4.

“The attucka of the past few months ha
not been aimed at missionaries aa auch bu
at forelaners, and missionaries sufferad he
cause they were forelaners, and Chinese Chris
tians becuse they were supposed to have
denationalived themselves by association with
foreigners, and by the acceptance of @ foreign
relly n which was supposed to be in all Ite
eonfentea Dostle to Chinese polite.
fonneae b vitiewe political fe and

Dr. Barton referred to the desecration of
graves by th mastruction of rallroada, the

satlons against foreigners and ther cause
h helped to inflame the Chinese, and i
du jon pred | that when the breyens
es were settled China would be ¢l
get Western a | toward progrmas, ’ ”

RARE PARADE IN ‘FRISCO.

 

 

Native Sons and Daughters in Costane,
Pioneers and Floats Among the Sight,

BAN FRANCISCO, Bapt. W.— Over fiftean
thousand men and women marched today
in the parade that formed the crowning event
of the Jubilee celebration of the adminstor of
Caltfornla to the Union. The parade took
three hours and ten minutes to pass, and the
aally costumed companies of Native Sons and
Daughters filed between Lines of people that
crowded the sidewalks and filled ail the win.
dows, Features of the proceesion were young
men and wornen in costume, ploners and vet-
erans of the Mexican aud “ivi Wars, relics of
api -ninere and floate representing rough
of the history aud progress of the State Jt
was the (nest and largest procession ever seen
in San Francisoo, Al the f wararmy tro
now here were } line with Major-en. Shafter
riding in a carriage, Cheers were @licited by the
Appearance of biuejackets fromm the lowa and
i ® Philadelphia drawe@ing rapid-fire uns.

he ploneer flre companies alao aroysed much
enthusiasm. One had an engine butit in New
York in 1820 and brought here in 1840. Capt.
Jack Crawford led a party of scouts and In.
dians and they were followed by miners wjth
pack miles. The many parlors of Native
Bons and Daughters marched from 10 to 2
g'alock, when they were reviewed by the
Governor and dismissed, It ts estlunated that
76,000 visitors are in the aity to~lay.

WHEN THE COW FEREIL IN THE WELL
She Stayed tn TH! the Derrick rashed Martta
Lewte's Skull.

Crove Vauury, N. J., Sept. 10.—Wallace
Tittawath’s cow got Into his vard on Aatun
day and taumived tnto a well  fourtean
feet deep. <A derrick was rigged over
the well, a hay-hotsting apparatus ob
tached and with the ald of @ team of horses!
the cow was raised to the top Than the rope.
broke an! the cow went to the bottom agatn.!
+ atronget rope was obtetped, and one end was!
tied to apeach tree But when the cow reane
the top a secon tne the tree came up by the
roota, and back the cow tumbled again, Al
third time she was holsted to the top and @ 4
time planks were placed over the well The
planks broke under the weight and the beast
mae a fourth descent. A fourth attempd
resulte! in landing her on hard ground, br
tha’ moment the derrick fell and knockes
down Martin D. Lewis, who was assisting in
the mecue. Flis akull is fractured and he ds
expected to die

MEDAL OF HONOR VETERANS TO MEET.

Lieut. -Gov. Woodruff and Others to Addrem
Them in Mrookiyn.

The terth annual reunton of the Medal of

flonor Levion will begin tn Brooklyn this even-

| ine when a reception will be tenderad to the

This suggestion, as I have implied, is not |
original with Mr. Hewitt, and may have been |
obtained by him from your own editortal arti. |

clea. Itis also now receiving favorable thought
from reasoning minds among the multitude
of those who are now employed by “trusts.”

news of intellectual vision and has seized upon
it with hie usual firmness of grasp, and I am

| glial to improve the opportunity to render to

Louisiana. and Georgia, Mississippi, &o, of
such popularity? }
Thes. fifteen Conwresamen of whom I |

speass have a total vote of 48,37 while in
the Northern or Eaatern States can be found
five jongresamen, af least, whopolled more
votea individually than the fifteen Southern
Congressinen combined,

Does any negro cit'zen need further proof of
the necessity of sticking to the Republien
par y and not following the Ananias who wou!
ead you away under the guise of friendship?

Let us then ‘tand selidly for the national
tlheket headed bw Mi in ‘y ap Loosevelt, our

   

rand
present Governor, andjelect fis snee -asortn the
eraon of BB, Odell, dr., and his running mata,
imothy Woodruff
Francie Rankin Bera, D. D.
New Yonx, Sept. &

From a Discerning Women,

To THE Fmtrorn or lye Sun Sirs Has Mr.
Brvan no friend among his admire a who could
‘help him out’ fn the general make-up of his
speeches? Hadhe ever tried to read one of
them he surely would have realized the fact
that he lost in atren@th and effect by his dread-
ful habit of refteration

It seems «strange that a lawyer should have

him something of the tribute of honor which
is his due.

Mr. Hewitt has been throughout his Iffe an
unalterable Democratic partisan and his polfti-

' cad activity as a Democrat has been in the past

80 little idenof good Fngiish and the value of |

brevity, two things which are almost corner-
stones (nalawver's training

Disagreeing necessarily with all of Mr.
Bryan's so-called principles Ido not often at-
tempt to read his apeeches. He sald all he was
capable of saying in 1896. Leaving out “in-
perialisin’ and a few other odds and ends, {t is
the <ameold speech, {naccurate and full of
@ nseless repetitions

To-day, seeing t at he spoke to farmers at
Morgan's Grove, W. Va, I tried reading
his remarks aloud for the delectition of my
familv. Everything he aaid could have been
conden ed into a tew | nes; but no, he must
turn and twist, itera'e and reit rate, until the
wearisome end was reached. The word money
was used in three paragraphs twents-one
times

In the Kevser, W. Va addres, the word gov-
ernment appeared six times, and the pronoun

“l" twentr-rfa@it tlines jn one paragrand and |

there were many other il usions to himsel
These were the most extensive repetitions,
bnt there were many others, It seems a pity
that some admirer f this “help to the voung
men of this country’ con d not “edit his copy”
justalittle It would be a great boon to the
peop le-—and he dearly loves the “peeapul’--try-
{neg to fol w his ereat thoughts, and really re-
lieve hia <iver throitof a great del o xtra
work during his busy # aso: Just beg ining,
Some oe ongh' to whisper to his ear that
thouch speech i. silver he should not always
use the -ame word sixteen times [oO express
every one of his ideos,
It would do me #00 | to expres my opinion of
Mr. Bryan, but as fate stil denies me as a
woman te right to vote itwoudamoun' to
nothing, but my people have never awoervec
ron, the ranks of the Republican party. and
am proud and thankful that my son «ill cast his
first Presidential vote forour splendid McKinley
and the young Am-rican who fe all the example
the roung men near New York need M i
Onsxcr, Nd, Sept. 6

Kepubitcan Banners Lacking.

To THR Forror oF Tre SUN—Str: Whey te tt
that there are so many Hryan and Stevenson banners
disnlayed inthis ety and so very few of McKinley and
Roosevelt? [four friends don't gota move op there
will be no room left for Kepublican banners, at Tam-
many seems to be bent on coveriug the whole chy.
There 1s, or there seems to be, a laalty somewhere

SEPT. 8, RA

 

so “offenstvely partisan” that great as are his
alvilities and general as is the recognition of
thern and of his high character as a man, he
haa drawn comparatively little support from
the Republicans even when running as in some
sort a non-partisan candidate for public offles;
and not unreasonably, for he is always a parti-
san by the vary compulsion of his nature. He
is not a man of asort to ingratiate himself
with his opponenta tn either business or politics,
Rut Mr. Hewitt has too reasonable and logical
a head to put himeelf in any such stultifying
position as that now assumed, for instance,
by his fellow Democrat, Mr. Richard Olney of
Boston, to the serious damage of his reputation
for intellectual integrity. He is not supporting
Bryan and undertaking to excuse the incon-
sistency by offering tnsult no less to his own in-
telligence than to Bryan's honesty, but is per-
sistent in opposing him as the author and repre.
sentative of principles which oonfilct so radi-
cally with Democracy and with every interest
of his country and his party that no Democrat
believing with Mr. Olney anc Mr. Hewitt can
support him without outraging his convictions,

Whatever may be Mr. Hewitt’s faults and
weaknesses, they do not include the prime
moral and intellectual obliquity necessary
for such a performance. He cannot defy his
reason. Mr. Olney i* a lawyer and a trained
rhetoriclan and dialecticlan. Mr. Hewitt ts
a layman only, but while no leas ingrained as a
Democrat than Mr. Olney himself, he is a
sounder logielan and of an honester mind.
He would never forfeit his self-respect and
insult his reason by fabricating an argument
in defence of Bryan for public use like that
put out by Richard Olney. He could not tell
sensible people that a candidate nominated
specifically as the representative of a per-
nicious and revolutionary financial theory
and pledged by platform and his own words
reiterated on a hundred platforms to carry
it into “immediate” practice if elected, would
be a safe or even tolernble President because
of hia position on another question of possible
future tmportance. [ know Mr. Richar! Olney
personally as a man of clear and incisive reason
and judgment, an‘ therefore | assert with con-
fluence that in his self-contradictory cefenoe
of Bryan's candidacy he surrencere his judg-
ment jor some unknown consideration, As
the saying is, he talked through his hat. Nor
do [ belleve that he will himself vote for the
Kansas City candidate next Novermber or that
he voted for him in Novernber four years ago.

But so intellectually debasing 4_ surrender
as he mae would be impossibie to Mr. Iewltt,
[ dare arm.

it is men of the character of Mr. Abram 8.
Hewitt ano not those like Richar! Olney who
vill be called on to reatore the Democratic
party pu reapect and conficence when
yy the lefeat of Bryan next Novenber it ahall
be relieve! of a domination which vefies ite
record and outrages ite geulus,. , AMEMWICAN.

Naw York, Sept. 6.

members at the Academy of Music. Ex-Mayor
Charles A. Schieren, chafrman of the Citizens*
Cormmittee, vill preside. Borough President
Grout will delfver an address of weloome
Other addresses will be made by Lieut ivy,
Timothy L. Woodruff, Gen. Stewart 1 Wood-
ford, St. Clatr MeKelwar and Gen. T. 8 Pek,
com poe of the Legion. The prmua) meet-
ing will be held in the Art Ageoclation Rooms
te-morrow morning and tn the aftarnoon the
nembers will have a trolley rida to Coney
Fe) ind. On Wednesday evening a regeption
and dinner will be given at the Upton League
Club when addresses will be made by Presl
dent Strvker of Hamilton College, Gen. D.
EL. Sickles and others.

 

NO TAX ON NATIONAL ACADEMY.

Its Temporartly Unased Lands Wrongly Aw
sessed, Says the Referee.

Flamilton Odell, as referee reporta to the 8n-
preme Court, that the Tax Commissioners
{llewally assessed twelve lota belonging to the
Academy of Design on Ameaterdam avenue,
between 10%h and 110th streets, for the year
1999. He recommenda that Che prseerso*t’
which was based on a valuation $04,000, be
eet aside The old aite of the academy was
freed from taxation by epectal act of the Lests-
ature It has put up only a temporary bulld-
na on three of the fifteen lots of ite new site,
and the other lots were assessed for taxation,
The referee finds that the academy {n «0
faith {ntends to erect a larger structure AD
use all the fifteen lots for Its exclusively edu-
eational purposes and that ft receives no in-
come from any of the twelve lots He decides
that the whole proposed site should be free fram
taxes.

 

PARK AT JOHN BROWN'S GRAVE,

Le Grand B. Carmon Having the Land Graded
and Fenced In.

BuRLINaTON, Vt., Sept. 10.—Col. Le QOran4
B. Cannon to-day made arrangements with
J.N. Stower, general manager of the Chateno-
gay Railroad, to carry out a scheme plat ned
by Col. Cannon for the protection and preser-
vation of the grave of John Brown near Nor
Elba N.Y. ft having been peglected until it
was almost lost sight of. The grave is site

ated five miles from North Elba, In the open
felda which John. Hrown olegred for the use

of the newroes before he made hits raid upoo
Harper's Fe It ts close to the shingled
cottage which he built. Recently Col. Cannen
put a force of men with a landscape gardener

grade and terrace ¢t plot of land, and
he will build an fron fence seventy-five fer
ajuare armind the grave. The inclosure

be known as John Brown Park.

 

Crimean War Heroes’ Monument Decerates,

Harirax, N. §., Sept. 10--The members
of the British Naval and Military Veteran Ate
sociation of Boston who are here on 4 viet
epent a portion of this morning deoormt oa
the monument tn old St. Paul's ceruetery erected
{n honor of the Crimean heroes, Wexford and
Parker, Union gacee and wreaths of laurel

were placed on the monument, and the graves
of other sol hors were ween

decorated
Cons) Blunt of Boston and Col

 

 

Hiake repre:
sented the visiting veterans, and Col. Melon d
and Capt. Smith represented the Rov al Britis’
Veterans of Halifax. Col. Biseoe ar ther
British officers took part in the caratps ny
The Rev. Dr. Gordon delivered an address
and the Rav. Messrs, Willis and Pulloek pra ed.
aan

The Most Rev, John J. Keane
Archbishop of Dubaque.
10.—A Papal brief was

tion in thia

Appolated

Wasitncion, Sept
recaived at tha Apostolic Delew
eit) to-day, appointing the Moet Rev Jat
Keane, formerly rector of the ¢ 1 oniv

   

t of America here, Arehbishag f ip aNd
Are ubiehot Keane aueceeds the late Most lie
Jorn Hennesse The Are)depisenn at I

buque ie one of the pichest In Amenic& how
of New York and Phiadeiphia being Ge :
ones Urat compare with it in wealth.

MOS

    
 
 

4