; value of anarchy ridden island in
; next Sunday's SUN. |
1
‘
n . ———— — — =
‘ — a eee —— —--- ——
: a LXXXII. —NO. 14. ++¢
tn U. 14. oie NEW YORK, TUESDAY, ‘SEPTEMBER My
; ' ——— — nen een = a Sn | ares
!
‘ oH MAKES BIG BID To ‘RUMANIA. | | Stigated, provided I would give ‘him im.
; munity from prosecutton.
! Fmany Offers #40,000,000 in at tat time 1 sent word wns 1
Products tor troops Panwaae, | THY waa not increnet nh ioe, une
_ 7 AMERICANS Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sus | he would first plead guilty | added
: Lonpon, Sept. 14.—The Times corre- | that so long as there was any possibility
- spondent in Sofia telegraphs that the — = | So cee to any personal advamage to
y relations between Rumania and the Frank Fennimo Co f sees D I didn't care 4 tain te Gin. “it he wourd
ma allies are critical. It is stated | P Confesses De-| piead guilty, 1 told him, I would take the |
| that Germany has demanded that Ru- tails of Crime to Dis- plea, for I knew him to be guilty. If] |
lmania permit the pa © of troops |he did not believe this I told him we
= | through the country, and that on the ful- trict Attorney, Gant ao" ee ee
Troops Near Matamoros) timent of ner part by Rumania she | —_——_ “This condition of affairs éreguea | Angl , Missi Feel
. would supply benzine and other requi- along for some weeks, and it was ap- | * ng o-French Mission eels
Pick Off Two U. S. sites to vhe value of £8,000,000 ($40,.. WITNESSES ARRESTED) Parent that he was trying to get some y »
000,000). | Gea ces I finally told him that if he | It Ist nnecessary to Put
: . K . j (did plead guilty I would not take his/
Soldiers in Camp. ‘our thousand German wagonioads of | story, but he must receive and serve Up Collateral
War material are waiting at the fron- Perjury Charges Made as Re- actual time in prison for his part in the I :
tier, it is said. It of Pri Ad affair.
eupeAbsetiiads | su oO r soner’s d- “It was late last week when I got!
GERS SLAY 15 NEUTRALITY e | word that he was will!
. , e Was willing to plead to N "IN
RANGE RS T & URGES BULGARIAN missions, | manslaughter, which he did to-day. Up | ‘GE RM. \N S3 STRIV ING TO
' | to the time he entered his plea in open |
OF THE B. AN ‘DITS | croup Opposed to Action With, court he had not been seen by me or | BALK NEGOTIATIONS
Teutens feouce Ap 1 any of my assistants. After his plea ee eee 7 aa
peal. Semsational developments are prom-/ had been entered he came to my office |
ins | eusmmeaibennt ones oe ~ a of | {sed for to-day, when a special Grand | with his counsel and there spent con- |
eae ns, includin two ements and reports to) jury w | siderab) oj , i , !
we 4 | the effect that Bulgaria may deem it + = ee ee ja result ‘au yt ay it 7 a = After four days of study and con-
ed States soldiers, were killed in| necessary “in the e , Fennimor. a saloon keeper forinerly in . mpeg seed \ ‘
Tit y t interests of her ordered the arrest of Porcaro and Bron- ference with the Ang!o-French mission
horder clashes yesterday with Mexi-/ national welfare” to abandon her neu- business at 94 York street, Brooklyn, | dini and sent detectives in aaanen of the | ; aise
jain, trality and to enter into the European who will give the names of those higher other man whose naire Was connected wo the Waned Mares tor the puree
: cans. Fifteen Mexicans were 5 | war on the side of the Teutonic Powers | yy in the kill! f Mich ; art up with Gaimari’s death.” g | of relieving the foreign exchange sit-
Fierce fiehting went on in several came the publication to-day of an = ; ug OF Sremwer wernery © As soon as Fer nime be t 1k | i try
urgent appeal issued by a group of political district captain for Thomas F. detectives we . 7 ls er uation the Sannciere of Cie come
Texas counties. leading Bulgarians asking the opposi- , Foley in the Second Assembly district. the witnesees tn the cane, By al mttall pate convinced:
i Rorder towns were armed camps tion movement to demand a convocation!) <(Gaimari was shot and killed at Madl- all were on hand : 3 . | >
; . 1 uprisi of Mex! of the Bulgarian Parliament. | os c ; ‘ e 1—That all plans for the establish-
) Jasi night, a general uprising | ‘This is urged “with a view to pre: | on and Chestnut streets on the morning | Rofrano Blamed Tammany. | ment of credits for England and
cans and raids from across the border venting action contrary to the country’s | °f March 8 last. Gaetano Montiniagna, France in the United States in order
; centuries old traditions.” a Brooklyn bootblack who fired the five Michael Gaimari, a political lieutenant) to relieve the situation must be formu-

being feared.
There is a movement in El Paso
} to stop all Mexicans, whether desert-
ere or not, from crossing into the
United States.

|
The A B C conference will be re- |

@umed in Washington this week
here ts a report that Carranza may |
: be recognized, but it is denied by

Washington officials.
Villa is sending notice to Washing- |
ton by Gen. Angeles that if Carranza
is recognized he will turn his soldiers

loose to wage guerrilla warfare
A party of Americans were held up
at Casas Grandes by a band of Mexi-
} cans and one of the number, a rail-
road official, was held for ransom and
the rest were sent to the border to get
the money.
4 train carrying the ransom was
held up in Juarez by Villa officials on

 

| Roger W. Babson, statistician, points out,

 

; marine fired on the Presto, a Norwegian

a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

{
shots into Gaimari's body as he fell
into the street, was convicted of murder
in the first degree. He is in the death-
house at Sing Sing.
Rocco Carnivale,

 

 

RELIEF SHIP SUNK?

mer Fiying Belgian Commis-

 

 

known as Rox Cor-

sion’s Flag Reported Destroyed, a Pius aee house in Brooklyn part
‘is of the plot was conceived, was convicted
:DON on ia) .
A babel — by che "ate wale? of murder in the second degree and is
Contiaiesion wns qunk y moréay morn now serving from twenty years to life
. ae : Fennimor, the thi mat te by
ing by a German submarine, according ehareed With the et or Gaiman.
to a Reuter despatch from Mulden, Hol- tked ‘eo a as: fades
land. The despatch |s as follows watked into the Supreme Court, Crimt-
“Th, i . P one sort th t nal Term, yesterday morning and
10 woek yaseerally siorning it owt pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the
: ? “| first degree Justice Tompkins re-
= one ane the ealsala ot bag ag manded him without date for sentence.
aa Rete at \-| Then he went to the office of Dis-
oer 7. te aenuae’ ae ood = — trict Attorney Perkins and there made
ied m akanaes ° =e 7 Y | statements that caused the prosecutor
7 ‘The report is being investigated by | °° send detectives out for a man whose
the staff of Herbert C. Hoover, chair- | "me has been linked with the killing
man of the American Belgian Relief of Gaimari from the day he was found
Commission . “| dying in the street. This man was traced
According to a Christiania despatch | to the Municipal Building, where it Is
the Norwegian motor schooner Bien was sald he was lost in the — ’ ie oka
torpedoed yesterday by a German sub-/ ate hour the Headquarters men whu
marine. The crew was saved. The Bien| Were searching for nlm had not been
carried pit proms for England. There | ®ble to find him.
also is a report that a German sub-!

Indictment Expected To-day.

 

a pretext. | Sue with a wood cargo, last Friday The Grand Jury investigation will go
re crew is Phadlate sors saved, on this morning, even if this person Is
| not found. It ts expected that with the

DESPERATE BATTLES
FOUGHT ON BORDER

Twenty-two Dead in Clashes Be-
tween Americans and Mexicans.
GALveston, Tex., Sept. 13.—Two United
States soldiers, two American citizens,
three Texas rangers and fifteen Mexi-—

_cans are dead as the result, of battles on

the border to-day, in which troops, rang- }

ers and Mexicans, soldiers and bandits
fook part
Throughout Hidalgo and Star counties

soldiers and citizens sleep on their arms

ght waiting for alarms, and rangers

suring the country. Not since the

heginning of the border trouble has ex-

ement been so high, and fear is ex-

 

 

   
    
   
    
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
   
 
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
     
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
  

pressed for all Mexicans along the Rio
Grande, because to-day Mexican soldiers

* wantonly murdered Americans stationed
across the boundary.

The trouble started when a large num-

 
   

 

ber of Mexican soldiers, supposedly from
Matamoros, attacked three United States
soldiers at the Turner Ranch on the
ol side of the river near Los Indios
The firing of the Mexicans did not cease
until the three Americans guarding the
osing fell under the attack, which
t had instructions not to return
vate Kraft was shot through the
t 1 and Private Forney was shot
through the back. Kraft died instantly

ard Forney lived but a few minutes.

  
 

= rgt. Walsh, commanding the squad,
was seriously wounded and escaped only
by agging himself through the brush.
He «avs that a wild cheer went up from

th» Mexican soldiers on the other side
When it Was se that all defenders of
order at *)t point had fallen

 

Fired From Ambush.

rhe Mexicans behind the cover of
havstacks, hedges, corrals and fallen,
trees ff ed hundreds of rounds of am-|
n nh upen the exposed troopers

  

fre five different points of vantage.

In the gray light I could just see the |
forms of six or eight men rise from
the weeds and make a rush for the cor-)
I west of the ranch house,” said |

rooper Burehill “Suddenly they let)
tire from the corral Trooper Forney |

4 just sliding out of his cot when |
a bullet caught bim through the back |
and went clear through him. He |

oughe’ and fell over on me, Then it;
seemed they began from all directions. |

We fired whenever we saw flashes of
their guns.”
Said Sergt. Walsh:
Trooper Kraft had been firing from
behind his saddle on the c:ound under
» tent. I heard Forney groaning and |
shouted to Kraft to bring Forney across |
the shed. Kraft didn't answer,
Tr.oper Osbourne ran across the space
dragged Forney into shelter.
Phen he told me that Kraft was lying
t on his face and that there was
ood on his head. Osbourne ran back
ind dragged Kraft In. The Mex-|
s crossed the cotton fleld and got)
to the trees on the edge of a bayou.
That was the last we saw of them.”
Kraft was 22 years old and had en-
lated only a month ago at Detroit.

100 Shots Fired.

\\l of these troops were from Com-
De “ of the Twelfth Cavalry, More
t ne hundred shots were fired from |

exican side in a short time, The}
« was heard further down the

sut when reenforcements reached |

the ene the Mexicans had disappeared,

n. Nafarrete declared that ene- |

f Carranza did the shooting, but |

velleved that none but Carranza |
were in the vicinity.

the fighting in Hidalgo county to-

1’ two American citizens were killed)

hundits. This fighting took place far

e river and more than fifty ban-

engaged, according to reports.

‘the Americans was George John-

a ranch employee, and the other

i former Mexican who had been

ericanized,

len miles south of this ranch house, |

according to reports, rangers located a}

6 « of bandits to-day, A fight at once

Gites were

@isurl. Three rangers and five bandits |
wire \illed. The reports were brought |
t ranch by rangere who took part

‘oe fighting. |

‘withstanding the fact that Ameri-|

diers were killed tn firing across |
boundary and American citizens
‘ed as the result of bandft raids,

Continued on Fifth Page.

 

| Movement

evidence in the hands of the Distriot At-
‘torney at least one indictment for mur-
der in the first degree will be returned
to-day to Judge Malone in General Ses-
sions

As a preliminary to the clearing up of
this case that is said to have been in-
spired by political rivalry two men who

‘BRYAN MAY GO ABROAD
TO TRY TO END WAR

 

had appeared at the trials of the other
io . defendants were locked up at Police
Publishers of Foreign Lan Headquarters. Their cases will also be
a = | presented to the Grand Jury to-day. Sev-
guage Newspapers wit He eral important witnesses who appeared
cide on September 17. at the last trial were detained by order

of the District Attorney
At the Carnivale trial Michael Ro-

 

frano demanded to be heard because his
name had run all through the testimony
He went on the witness stand and made

PHILADELPHIA, Sept 13.—William

Jennings Bryan nas signified hie willing-

 

     

 

 

 
 

. a general denial of the stories that he
. tte t
ness to go to Europe and attempt to had agreed to pay for the killing of
bring about peace. Gaimari Carnivale made similar de-
Whether or not he will go will be de- nials. Carnivale ts now in Dannemora
cided at a conference between the pub- Prisen. having been transferred from
‘ Sing Sing a few weeks ago It was
lishers of foreign language newspapers ciated yesterday that before leaving
and himself in Washington on Septem- Carnivale during an exercise hour was
ber 17 nearly thrown from one of the tiers. As
‘ . . ment of M Bryar i a result of the attack, said to have been
The announcement of Mr. Bryan's de- iae by a man from Brooklyn, Carni-
cision was contained in a letter received yale was confined in the hospital
to-day by the editor of an Italian news- Some of the witnesses who had ap-
paper from Dr. William Forgo of 1023 peared to help Carnivale and Monti-
East Second street, Hrooklyn, who pub- magno out of their troubles were ar-
7 : oR . ae aa rested vesterday Thomas Percaro, who
MeHES {nO “POTD Giron” Ane Heals & } importer at 11 Broad
movement to have Mr. Bryan try to stop says Re = ie ae ee i Seok” morte.
the war. -The announcetnent was accom- wey a ce a : lo ked up at Police
panied by an Invitation to attend the eighth street, was lo Pp ar €
conference Headquarters for perjury at the Monti-
0 enc
“ . magno trial. At that time he swore
eee a. a “ mae with Mr. that he saw Gaimari shot and that the
; ro ar
the Sarieaenian fiat, Geuridea ft de man who committed the rime was
impr s) 1 ° ide { - ont ag
velops at his meeting with the editors eee Ae ae oon atte he
» also 8 » thi i
that his going abroad is advisable, he S derhs hat and Baek overt All of
egg ge nl bi ap Bw ~ — the other witnesses swore that Monti-
im Gas wa hire, jaune” i magno did the shooting and that. he
) enses ee a 2 : ray vercoat
This was in answer to a number of , ¥°°* ® S#P and a gray overcos

the conferees who proposed that a fund

Mr Witnesses Under Arrest.

    

be ralsed from which to pay Bryan
a salary and his expenses Joseph Brondin!, whose last home was
Dr. Forgo's first correspondence with {n Brooklyn, but who of late has been
Mr. Bryan and some of the editors spending much of his time in The Bronx,
of foreign language newspapers started was charged with suborning the per-
on August 17 Letters were not made jury given by Porcaro He too was
public, however, until to-day locked up at Police ‘Headquarters Rob-
Mr. Bryan's proposed trip will be ert Leggiardo, a brother-in-law of Joseph
for the purpose of demonstrating to and Antonio La Salle, both important
the world the power and influence for witnesses for the prosecution, was found
good which is exerted b American py Detective Morrissey and detained as
newspapers published in foreign lan- 4° material witness. He was known as
guages. tofrano’s bodyguard,

The first of the letters which opened ‘Another important witness who was

satisfied that all had been told about the

lasting peace,” says the letter "As a H .
murders in Foley's politic al section, and

private citizen he would help more than

 

he could as part of the Government. He the April Grand Jury that heard a great
has the confidence of the people plus deal of the evidence was continued, to
that of the President.” meet should any new phase come to
ciiiabnrnsasientiniampmmesipicba light. A call for this jury to meet to-
HINES EMP’ POS day was sent out and many witnesses

C E IRE oP ED. will be heard for the purpose of filing

 

indictments against thone who have been
mixed up in the affat Tt was said last
night that in all probability others whose
names have not yet appeared may be
charged with suborning testimony given
at both the Montimagno and Carnivale

Against Saduliie Now
Losing Ground.

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Six
LonpDoN, Sept. 13.—The Times learns

from its correspondent in Pekin that awiate

only recently the monarchical movement - 7

in China had acquired such a momentum Foley Reported tn Danger,
that the Chinese generally believed that All the important witnesses for the
President Yuan Shih-k'ai would be pro- gtate that were used at the last two
claimed Emperor in a few, weeks time,, trials are available for any new in-
but that there has been a sudden change = quirs From the information given by
of front. Fennimor after he pleaded guilty the

! District Attorney is now In a position
to check up many points that were not
clear in the last trials. His two assist-
ants, George N.
Murphy.
handy should

Tihe Cabinet, as well as the President
himself, has expressed its disapproval!
of the movement, while the State Coun-!
oil refused to discuss the petitions re-!
lating to it.

U. §. ORDERS DEADLY SHELIS, |

Big Order Given to the Westing-
Tt In Salad,

  

 

of the political hatred against Foley and
his close associates, Il was said during |
the last trial that Foley had been marked
for killing tf things had not
badly in the Gaimart killing.

 

house Co.,

 

Pirressurnc, Sept.¢13.—Despite much | Mr. Perkins made it plain that no}
secrecy the Westinghouse company, it) overtures from his side have Induced
was learned to-night, has received an. Fennimor to confess. On this point he|
immense order from the United States gaid:

Government for a new shrapnel! sheil, “Soon after Carnivale was convicted | ,
said to be the most deadly missile of its 1 received information that Fennimor, |
kind tn the world the only one accused of the Gaimart |
he new shells are of 6 Inch calibre’ murder who had not been tried, was
and are twenty-one Inches long They | willing to make @ statement of his con-
contain eight separate parts, each | nection with the murder and give us|

all the facts and circumstances within
his knowledge as to how the murder
was oqptvives and by whom it was in-

honeycombed. The most destructive ex-
plosive known to powder makers, and |
said to be a late invention, will be used

the apis ai 8h aaa

the eee ak skeet aie : ee held for further investigation was Louis

| , : oy , ‘d he >

by foreign newspaper editors in an ef- | De Mar, a clei ledge elie sacs —
: y maine ? aihe as

fort to stop the war, and then unfolds | Shooting of « eae gi a

the present plan, which {s to be backed Montimagno that fired the fata! shots

by “pr vate citizens ” , At that time he said he was walking;
“No one could institute it better than With Porcaro, by whom he was em

William Jennings Bryan, who is known | ployed. } sek ae :

all over the world as a champion of ever- Distriet Attorney Perkins was never

Brothers and Deacon}
cut short their vacations to be |
Fennimor decide to walk,
into court and then tell the inside story |

gone 80) i

 

 

of Thomas F. Foley, was murdered in
Madison street on March 8, 1914. It was
one of the political killings tn the feud |
in the Second Assembly District that fol-
lowed the secession of the Home Rule
Club from the downtown Tammany Club.
But the sensational feature of it devel- |
oped at the trial of Gaetano Montimagno
on a charge of murder. It was then that
the name of Michael A. Rofrano was
brought into the case, and the charges
and counter charges made throughout the
trial ultimately culminated in the rosig-
nation of Rofrano from his job of Dep-
uty Street Cleaning Commissioner

At Montigmano’s trial James Serafino,

a witness, swore that he had seen Mon-
tlemano talking with Rofrano in the
Home Rule Club house Later in the
trial Joe La Salle, then serving twenis
years in Sing Sing for another political
killing in the same district. gave testi-
mony, again linking Rofrano’a name
with the Gaimari affair. Rofrano em-
phatically denied the allegations and

   

epeated his denials on the witness st
at the trial He blamed Tammany for
the attacks on him, waited to be vindi-
cated and then resigned his $5.000 berth
in the Street Cleaning Department

Montigmano was convicted of
murder

CITY WANTS A TAX
ON $4,000,000,000

Personal Property \ssessment
to Be Raised and Levy
Had if Possible.

 

the,

 

 

 

With the hope the city

and the

adininistration

of keeping
rate down

nerease the

 

tax the city

ntends to

assessment roil of personal property by
mans millions of dollars, with a propor-
tlorate 'ncrease the revenue derived
from taxes. The Tax Department Is pre-
paring to collect every cent that can be
raised under the law and to make Ii!
unbearable for tax dodgers

According to one report the tentative
personal tax ilst now being completed
will be twelve times as large as the s*
for this vear, which rotalied $340,295,-

Hu If that were true the
would be jumped t

If a tax we

issesameti!

» about $4,000,000

paid on this huge eur

 
    

 
 

 
 

eV ye would be about $77,000,000
t as said at the Tax Department
flees vesterday that this estimate is far
above the figures which the Commis
sioners have in mind

Mayor Mitche! said last night The
report that a considerable increase
the personal tax valuation is to be made
is correct The Tax De; 8 t
ting about getting all the t t
from personal taxes and [intends to appis
the law as it finds it He has instructed
the Commissioners, nowever, not to la

 

rechless assessinents

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The liw exempts oriy single men
owning lesa than $1,000 worth of per-
sonal propert and married men owning
ess than $1, worth It also provides
that a person's th in swearing off
taxes must be ac ted as proof of what
he says, It is likely that the adminis-

ation will try t. have the Legislature
make it possible for false swearers to be
prosecuted for perjury At the same

 

 

time the Legislature may be to
levy a graduate tax beginning at per
cent, on salaries of $3,000 of snore. This
suggestion, put forth at City Hall sev-
eral months ago, ts in the report of the
Mayor's taxation ccmmission, of which
Alfred KF. Marling is chairman The

commission is to report within a month
on ways of raising additional revenue,

The Tax Department has alwass had
trouble in meking its persenal assess-
ments stick Last year, for example, the
issessmnen rll as first drawn up
amounted to $778,496,446. Of this more
than half, or $435,200,885, was sworn off
A tax expert said that under the present
t the department could expect to do
tle better this vear

Inet sed in personal property
by the re bonds, except
the city or State, which are not sub-
Jected to ax, bank accounts, ex-
cept those in savings banks: receivable
accounts and many other items

WORKMEN _VISIT TRENCHES,

 

 

taxable’
those of

 

ther

 

Need of More Munitions to Be Im-
i Engltsh Laborers,
Special Cable Despe Tor Sts
, Sept. 13.—The Official Presa
Bureau announces that it de-

pressed Upon
ttch to
LONDON

has been

1915 corre 1915, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

 

 

lated on the basis that neither Eng-
land nor France, jointly or severally,
will put up any collateral of any de-
scription to secure the credit The
attitude of the mission summed up is:
“England and France do not have to
put up collateral; their credit is good
enough.”

—The two countries desire credits
amounting to at $1,000,000,000
all of which is to be expended in this
country in the purchase of wheat, cot-

least

 

 

ton, meat products, hay, grain of all
kinds and manufactured goods

3—The purchase of munitions of
war is not the controlling cause of
the mission, ag both countries hav
sufficient gold for that purpose One
quotation repeated n the financial
«istrict yesterday was “We have
the goll in Eng doand France to
buy munitions of war and we will
starve in order that we can purchase
them, if necessary We do not have
to buy your wheat and your cotton
aud other products, but we want to,
if satisfactory arrangements can be
made.”

\nother quotation which was
passed from one bunker to another
wis: "

“The establishment of an adequate
eredit is as important to the United
States, pet.aps more, than it is to
England and France.”

4-——So long as the work of the Eng-
lish, French and American financiers
is confined to the single task of es-
tablishing a credit whereby a nor-
mal exchange rate may be availed of
by the American producer the United
States Government will interpose no
objection. The question of neutrality,
already raised by the friends of tGier-
many and Austria, has been carefully
considered, It has been de ided that
there wilt be no violation of neutral-
ity

5—The
credit is
det been

 

which the
has not
not be

every

had an

exact Way wi
to established
determined and will
decided until financiers from
section of the country hav
opportunity to express their views,
Many were much surprised that no
form of collateral was to be offered,
while others agreed at O..ce that the
credit of the ts great countries
would suffice.

8 st te 8 general bellef in the
financial district that Ru-sia may
benefit from a edit which may be
established he but that [taly will
not M. Bark, the Russian Minister
ef Finane ar iia way to Lo
dor He was to have been in Londor
before the mission sailed, bul was cde-
ds be use legis-
ation in the Duma
7 Ir

 

 

of the pending

 

t
the

r-

perfecting the plans bot
of the

ers

mise or and

   

ant
paganda
oposition It
w York nd

Local bankers

pre ‘goinst the
has begun
roughout
have
lers and depos -
ngs and warned
While savings bank

and othe Weste

en-
botn
the

  
 

 

lee Vise

 

stockho!

ie lean

 
  

vite
“hicago
have bee
on. their

thelr

threatened et

ins nstitutions (f the
nt t

money to he

munitions.”

use

buy
Honds the Probable Basia,
Bellef was growing in fli
that the form in

of the
}

eredits to be estab

cles
the

iission

ianeial cir

vesterday which

Anglo- bre

 

inembers Mou

desire the shed for

the two countries in this eountrs will
be bonds backed by the credit of the
two countries. There was jo stateme
effect from the members of the
mission, but was gathered from the
drift of the various conversationa pieced
together. The form of the bond could
not be prophesied nor the way in which
ultimately it will *%
will be decided upon
In the meantime it
every member of the
with the conferences,
Sir Edward Hopkinson
Hopkinson Smith, Octave Homberg and
Ernst Mallet not stirring from the Bilt-
more all day, while Basil LB. Blackett
had time to go out ror a very short time
only They saw m men at their
hotel, however, in th apartments oF
the eighteenth floor Many of these
visitors were out of town bankers, who
slipper nto “the hotel and out again
Without being recognized 1 FP. More
gan, Henry 1. Davison, Walter b. Frew,
presiden f the Mxchange Bank,
and James hiiht among the men
recognized
Mr Hill came
in favor of g

to that

later

Was know:
mission wis
aro.
Holden, | Sir H

tha
busy

 

 

Cor
were

  

and departed strongly
big loan, for the sake of

the Northwestern wheat men, who will
have 406,000,000 bushels of wheat to
sell abroad this year Supplementing
his strong interview on this subject
‘came «a declaration from a source as
authorative that “unless these countries
do obtain money here the wheat grow-
ers of the country may as well dump
200,000,000 bushels of this exportable

clded to send elght parties of work-
men employed in plants manufacturing
munitions for a four days visit to the
trenches, to show them the need for
more ammunition and greater activity
in producing it Arthur Henderson,
Minister of Laber, will be tn charge of
the parties )

A party that made a preliminary
| visit has returned greatly impressed
with the need of an overwhelming sup-
{ply of munitions of all kinds and the
| necessity of @ vast preponderance of
projectiles if the war is to be short- |
j ened.

2,287 British Casualties in Day.
Specia! Cable Despatch to Tar Sex

LONDON, Sept. 18. The official news
| bureau announced that the total cas-
ualties in the British forces on all fronts
to-day were 11 officers killed and 29
wounded and 432 men killed and 1,816
wounded,

| mumber of persuns,

surplus into Lahe Michigan for all the

good it will do them.” Neither Mr,
Morgan, Mr, Davison nor Mr. Frew
would talk when they came down from

  

 

the conference room
Baron Reading's Statement,
Later Baron Reading, speaking for all
the members of the mission, made this
statement:
/ “We are not now in a position to
make a definite statement because we

are studying conditions in New York and
elsewhere in relation t» American ex-

| change on London and Paris,

received a very considerable
principally bankers
who are Interested

“We have

and other gentlement,

jin the stability of exchange. The one
thing that is vers siriking about ft is
that everyohdy is agreed, as one could

importance t

expect, as to the geat
to the regulating of the

be attributed
Continued on Recond Page.

 

go to the publi hat!

THE WEATHER FOREC

Fair to-day and to-morrow;
warm; south winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 82;
Detailed weather, mail and marine r

  
  
   

 

 

 

oo

 

 

‘TENSION WITH BERLIN LESS —
AFTER BERNSTORFF’S CALL;
SOLUTION NOW HOPED FOR

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*
ARABIC CASE TO END AMICABLY, Ambassador Assures }
a ; Ambassador Assures MP.
SAYS A HIGH GERMAN OFFICIAL Po
Lansing That Germany
A high German official made the following statement last night in
explanation of Ambassador Bernstorff's conference with Secretary Lansing Acts in Good Faith.
in’ Washington yesterday:
“There bas been no trouble between the United States and Germany. |.
The matter will be settled amicably. There has never been a real crisis. H E WILL REPORT TO
r}
“The only difficulty has been a misunderstanding which the people
and the press got from the Arabic note. It is certain that there will not BERLIN ON ALL FACTS
be the slightest friction between the Governments. The note meant just
what it said. It is as true now as it was then.
‘In reference to the disputed question in relation to the indemnity, Arbit “ation Proposal Not
Germany's stand is this: If a ship is sunk as the result of error on the
part of a German submarine commander, that error is confessed by the Made an Issue in the
commander, or if the facts are so patent that they show unmistakably vee
that the commander had erred, Germany would immediately offer to Falk.
indemnify the United States, but if, as in the Arabic case, the word of
the German submarine commander was placed against an English com-
mander’s word, nothing would be left to Germany to do but to accept | NOTE SENDING STAGE
the word of the submarine commander. nn — van
“In that case the German Government does not feel obligated to offer SAID ro BE ¢ LA ISED
any indemnity because it happened to be the misfortune of Americans to see
be on a British ship which didn't recognize accepted submarine rules }
os "
“However, Germany, it must be understood, does not refuse to in- Wilson Is Hopeful That the
demnify the United States in any case; it merely claims that in the latter ‘ *: ‘

3 3 Q > > » Not.
case, viz When the word of an English commander ts matched against Settle me nt “ ill Ke , at
the word of a German commanéer it will be glad to submit tlhe question |) isfactory.
to arbitration |

a
_
|
ano a : SS a Wasntnetox, Sept. 13.--A_ percep-
letdown in the tension created

ANOTHER AIR RAID ON i th

» submarine issue with Germany

 

has resulted from an exchange of

ENGLISH COAST TOWNS ‘= '% Siew tne
‘sein ary Lansing and Count von

r onkenei the German Ambtissador

Four Persons in Kent Injured This is the big development of the
day in the grave situation that has

—Steps Taken to Defend scinan. Wetted: tie tee connie ae

conference with Secretary of
State Bernstorff repeated
the some weeks ago
that his Government intended to carry
rule that liners
warn-

his the

London.

Count von

M. SCOTT IN CHARGE

assurance given
SIR P.

out in good faith the

 

shall not be destroyed without

Special Cable Despatc’ to Tue Svs

  

    
 

 

   

 

 

   

    

 
          
   
 

 

             

   

        

 

       
 

 

 
 

 

     

  

       

   

 

 

 

  

 

  

 

Lonpon, Sept. 12.—A German aero- ing unless they attempt to escape or
plane dro 1 bombs on towns on the | resist German submarine commanders,
Kentish coast southeast of London this Secretary Lansing urged that mees-
afternoon and four persons were injured | ures be taken to see to it that this rule
according to an announcement by the} s enforced ip letter as well as in spirit.
official press bureau to-night. The hos- | | As a result of the conference there is
tile aeroplane was driven off by naval a decided optimism tn official quarters
aircraft. This is the sixth alr rald on | to-night. While it would not be true to
England tn the last week and tite second say that att danger between the 2 we

States n Germany has entirely dis-
" t ) ‘ ‘ s
in lesa than twenty-four u anneared | lain neeert tHat to-day’e

The official press bureau also an- exchanges indicate that the two Govern-
nounced that Rear Admiral Sir Percy M ments are in harmony in the desire to
Scott has been appointed in full com- j adjust the difficults

'
mand of London's gunnery defences |! President Is Hopefal,
against German Zeppelin raids, follow. It is pwn that President Wilson and
ing the announcement of another Zep- ‘ his ass ates are ery hopeful of an
pelin raid over the eastern coast of Eng- | Sir Percy Scott. idjustment diticulties with Gere
land last night. The attack is described |, : i many n a basis satisfactory to the
he following al report German alr craft to Lomion will be- United States
e enst coast Was again visited by Cae more and = more frequent, : and 1 the conference between Secretary
h ajreraft last ght (the aye y subsequent visit “more emphatle Lansing and Count von Bernstorff a new
1 1-13th) B be were dropped, but “ ad more thorough This, he thinks, effort to bring the two Governments to
there were no casualties Phe only dam- 4 long w toward showing derstanding on the submarine issue
age reported ts some telegraph wires ee ie heart of the m..ey world tiated
down and some glass broker ae hink of its sanct sae rks another stage in the situa-

Immediately afte the Zeppelin rald yunt Reventionw eee 1 full ana hat g has been aban-

of Thursday, when twenty were killed TUthiess use of all possible weapons q the moment i favor of

the heart of Lond the press and “ern ee ¥ can em} 93 Agi net England direct discussion between the two Gove

bli nded an fective organiza- Mer Stor iw the forties tions of Lone ernments Those ' natel coneerned

t if don's fene wainst air do only inetdentalls the writer ag- irlevs are most ho that this

valde 6 ar to that of Paris Some serts the mat t gz isto hit the enem 10 “ wring satisf ) resulte.

‘ ‘ . 7 : th “* Yn ssress 4 e he Th 1 east

newspapers advocated reprisals by raids wie un thle wh he They belle that at lea it will put

: \ ; is most vulnerable a st p to the irritation caused in both
on German towns as the two Governments bo

Even this morning the Times, as ca- ° —- ‘ oe ries by e tw Gove: ents m-

bare 2 he ot with ot es
bled to THE Svuew late last night. pub- 7 R pare R ¥! fe: wich 4 li
ee et eiealine = PARLIAMENT PLAN Fougnt o r ; arg t ‘ < pr had of

of London ane ntimating that tran 7

A h should tell the publie to rect discussion {s the German note on

r Asquith shout ‘ » pt ‘ 2 ' ia
he . is delegated the responsi- he Arabi ise I s the firm bellef

' t ‘ here on tt mrt of bt the Germs

he Tueloewtal he Fone’ BECO RR ANCOMBTAX isis.tt tee cin hue aeting
Pyvident i ’ nswer to r Embassy and the Administration that !f
: evidentiy 18 an aNnsy ‘ sal the difficulties presented by the Arabie
agitation | -_-_-_. CC case can be sn thed away a settlement
of th hole submar issue Wi ollow,

Sir Percy Seott has been considered Pritish Legislators, Meeting ‘aon ule aM marine it 1 ll follow
for some time the leading gunnery ex- Qo? \ eo . + ae me ee that the Germar

art of tt Sritish nay ar h aine TT ; ® re os” ha ‘on Ai
per he E rit avy and has k ed To-day After Vaeation. tentio ot to atta
no ttle prominence b Aging * without wart pe cone
attacks the om iderr and EF nee Grave Problems, tion of the principle
dreadnought For some vears he has ‘ nent is tending

uid) frequen t nd should cicceniciiiininameieniaa mains or square (Ge

Th mor subma lestroyers the Arab ase with
and izhts Speria thle Despateh to Tur Sus
wh he ” helpless against Rernstor®@'s Burden.

’ torpedo Lonpon, Sept, 13 After a vacation of non Amt ‘ He ts the
nba ssid ; s ests

0 November 4, 1914, Sir Per was aln t ven ¥ ks Parliament will r ° al snons y f the ndeavor te
assigned to du ( the stations Conyene to-morrow wt promises to bring the Ger nN pos Arable
iry trail ship Presid ' th sa 110 PO nae} t weeor with its
-” e one the momentous sessions in} . case init 1
rhames b ne oF e mon 1 SPA ani at Ratiet narincinle It te

- tors The long recess, W 1 was rot inders ul that he is prepa uw to thans-

“LONDON'S LOSS SLIGHT.” voted without some bitter opposition, was mit Government a complete states

preced dad by some blunt talk on the prog. met t of we attitude of ' ed States

. : te ithe Arab ase, wit iggestions

Report of Extensive Damages Dew press of the wal n Which Minister of vara i : ; ae near tha
. , OV } move ' n

scribed as Pare Lnvention, Munitions David Lloyd George took the ya ' Gove asue ine

PHILADELPHIA, Sept 13.—The Public. ie auding part with the statement that volved ‘alee
Ledger prints the following cable des- British labor was shirking. The labor i eS e ri ; 3, tata

m nrorent Xf j sing's state.
patch from London situation has improved in some degree anes 4 » tove wit great

“Sensational accounts of the descent, ginee then (July 29), but the Gover pics gles an ; State Tes
of a fleet of Zeppelins upon the heart) pent will be called upon to answer MANY erry, “ne precedé sit of Mr.
of London and the destruction of some. other pertinent questions on war admine oansing to the White House, so that {tt
property in the vicinity of Trafalgar jstration 4 that all that the Secretars
Square, emanating from unauthorized Among the principal measures to be ay to \ ‘a i repre
news sources and published extensively taken up are the proposed new taxation he views of the esident hime
in the press of the United States, are measures ind the pensions b Piie ‘ lief that s pol t
pure inventions. Not only are such sto- urgerc) of the last named was one of t be s Berlin
ries without basis in fact but the the chief reasons why many opposed the e Gern i dere

2 ° ‘le Ps . ! = Pi \ to
declarations by the German Admiralty long recess Ay for the former he is re ‘ gia issador

nh essent . o 4 ne f re}

on September 9 that extensive damag: garded as an essential means & Y's repor “,
was done to the great factories and money with which to meet the enormous sdo Tt Y is ws ifter
we . , ‘ > » £e8 he + +) Y ! osition

docks by the aerial raiders are likewise expenses of the war his “ M ”

i It is edicted that the greater part) ey to his Gov the basis
untrue of the half billion dollars wii th ' ‘ ew the = s takes

“The number of casualties——-twenty : . ae ne 0 \ rears

; “! top wes to ad! to its year Sem aha onne { sto
killed and eighty-six tnjured—as re- Government prom “Ss 1 A 08
‘ } | revenue will be raised by heavy Ome that he was show ‘ ous evi-
ported by the official press bureau is cae 1 will be the | an P diate ‘ which
aseasmen ict be the prine!p anne State n ’ ‘
correct, but the material damage inflicted &*°e>*™ ae Saag ; stint 1 ba eas
f ture f the nev ge t ° he tle s
by the Germans in their four most re-  [eAture Or 8h : : eee
is i fined ly to: Mum of exemption s e income the circumstances ditt yarns °
wey. tae = oe nga " Ay i tax will be lowered, it is believed Germa irra ' s hellef
ee en , rearit 7 t wee ree Large additions to the duties on tea, that the Arabic was tryit ram his
) ‘ y is ;
slight 4s pe a ee al a _ ; iy tobacco, wine, sugar and petro ix well) poat
perfectly iy a ne t he. ig ai €X-| as new duties on luxuries of various
og +e > op
pression of fear !s n@iceable either on) oy. pacters, are looked for A Side Never Presented,
the part of the eclvillans or the military Railway tickets, theatres and motion!
sone i . Zeppe ms sce gle This sie t xe . ver been
concerning the return of the Zeppelins pictures, arringes nd automobile. ; hon He: rt te e hope here
> and employers of domestic servants all pre ‘ fee - : ta ; ; a
yD > , i { n Germ sme ‘ ‘
URGES : MORE RAIDS. have been slited for new taves An in- States co} are e facts overwhelme
Se crease in the charge for letters ele ath awainst the ON ® sub-
Reventlow 4 inn Zeppelin Brame oF telephones, all cinder joverh- aad ne commander that she ht ta
, : ment control, also is expected take ifferes attitude wud the
Visite WHl Be More Emphatic, According to the Daily Bapresa cere) eh? * i i \
} “iSe

BERLIN (Via Amsterdam), Sept. 12.— | tain imported goods will be taxed, pare ° Tt ia even suggested that Germany
The object of the Zeppelin raids on | Cicularly automobiles, might go so far as to say that | raped
\ ving
England is not merely to frighten the OmMcial figures put the total income) geen the other side of the case she ape

\

pepuration, but to destroy “what is di- or the inhabitants of the British Isles a preciates the view o& the Unit States
rectly or indirectly useful to Great $12,000,000,000 Less than $5,000,000 and admits that the subs e ne
Britain for the further prosecution of , 000 of this is now assessel for taxation. mande:r was not justified vite
the war,” asserts Count Ernst von Re- | At least tires yl one-half billion mc that the Arable intended to ram ! nd
sentiow, oth naval expert of the will be reached by the proposed new (ould therefore stite frankly that she re-
Deutsche Tagesceitumg, in an article in) legislation the small workingiwedn w garda his tethens as contrary to her
which he expresses the hope that in. be enabled to make weekly tnstalmen wishes and poliwy
lthe coming days of autumn, “with their | on bis tax by means of stamps affine There is reason to beliey: ‘ ft
ever lengthening nights.” the vistts of | to weekly war tax cards laermany ! this the United gtates

 

ae nape oes