NO,

267,

VOL. LXVIL
BB. Pl

BRITISH NEAR THE VAAL.

BOBSRTS CONTINUES HIS ADVANCE
AND METHUEN MOVES UP.

Latter at Graylings Dritt to the West of the
Main Line—French and Hamilton the Ad-
vance Guard ~Boers Abandoned a Very
Strong Position at the Bhenoster -Baller
Repairing Rallway to Resume His March.

Cable Despatches to THR ae
g SUN's Correspondent with Gen, te

0 onan Ruver, May 23, 7:35 P. M.—Tho
Boers have evacuated their strong position at
this point. Before they left they completely
wrecked the bridge across the river and two
long culverts, It is sald that the Irteh con-
tingent are now operating the Boers’ dynamite
train altogether

The absence of any wreckage between Kroon-
stad and this place is explained by the fact
that the Boers were anxious to hold the Orange
Free State burghers in line, It ie said that the
Jatter are anary over the destruction of the
bridges {n thelr territory

\ drought and a cold wind are prevailing and
there have been many aovidental fires on the

Special

veld!
Lonpox, May 24.--A despatch from Rhen-
oster liver, under yesterday's date, says:

“The Boers evacuated thelr position here
and are reported to be trekking straight for
the Vaal River, About two miles of the rall-
way have been completely destroyed

“Gen. Franch ts at Prospect, Ove miles to the

porth, Gen. Hamilton ts codperating with

him
’The general opinion fs that Gen. Roberts

will push on to Pretoria as fast as his men can

merch.”
Loxpox, May 25 The War Office has issued

pothing from South Africa for twenty-four
hours, and very little news has been received
from unofficial sources. The belief that the
British advance will not be opposed south of
the Vaal River, which forms the greater portion
of the southern boundary of the Transvaal,
gees to be justified

The position at Rhenoster River which the
Boers abandoned, was found to be of @reat
The river has almost precipitous
banks forty feet high and was intrenched on
the south side, The whole position {s com-
manded by kopjes a thousand yards from the
stream on the north side, Moreover, there are
excellent gun positions on each flank protect-
ing the lineof retreat. Certainly there is no
more superior position south of the Vaal.

A deserter says that Gen. De Wet was angry
over the evacuation of the position and that
bot words were exchanged by him and other
con manders

The British advance seenrs to be continuing
steadily. Gen. French and Gen, Hamilton are
at Prospect, and an official announcement has
been recelved from Pretoria to the effect thata
large British force from Hoopstad reached
Graylings Drift, on the Vaal, twenty-five miles
fron) Wolmarenstad, on Monday, This is
clearly Gen, Methuen’s division

Another despatch from Pretorla states that
$,000 British, with ten guns, are moving in the
direction of Vredefort. It is uncertain whether
this force is part of Gen, Methuen’s command
or Gen. French's. Vredefortis away from the
failway and is less than ten miles from the
Vaal.

The Boers, according to the Telegraph'a oor-
respondent, bave gone north of the Vaal ft-

sirengtli

self, but evidently little is known of their move- |

ments
Gen. Buller has made po further advance in

Watal, as he is awaiting the restoration of the
tilway, He decided that the most fitting
method of celebrating the Queen's birthday

|

 

  

BROWN SOPHS REBELLIOUS,

 

Talk of Going on a Strike if Three Men Are
Expelled,

Provipence, R. 1, May 24.~The sophomore
class at Brown University to-day threatened
to secede if President Faunce carries out his
threat to expel three sophomores for kid-
napping freshmen and attacking the mem-
bers of the class of 1903 in the streets last night
as they were on their way to the class banquet.
Dr. Faunce this morning issued an ultimatum
to the effect that unless the sophomore class
apologized for its misdemeanors before 6 o'clock
to-night he would expel from the University
William Hl. Stiness and William P. Bates of
Providence and Timothy J. Sheehan of Fitch-
burg, Mass. The sophomores have induced
the President to delay further action until
the class has met to-morrow morning to de-
cide finally just how much of ap apology it is
willing to make,

The sophomores had two meatings and ap-
pointed a committee that told Prehident Faunce
that the class purposed to stand by and back
Stiness, Bates and Sheehan and any other
members whom he might threaten to expel;
that the kidnapping as well as the street fight
was a class matter for wihch the class was
unwilling that a few members should bear

the blame; and that it was perfectly willing
to apologize for any conduct that brought
disgrace to the college, but was unwilling to
concede that their attempt to break up the freshe
men banquet was reprehensible according to
college ethics and tradition,

Just here is where the class and Dr. Faunce

are at loggerheads. The President will let the
cidnapping episode pasa if the class will ac-
knowledge itself wrong in assailing the fresh-
men last night in detiance of hls vigorous warn-
ing yesterday morning. ‘The sophomores {n-
sist that Dr. Faunce’s “call down" was respon-
sible for their escapade last night. They main
tain that the epitheta “ill-bred,” “tongh,”
“roughs’ and “hoodlums” which the President
applied to the kidnappers were uncalled for,
too severe and unwarranted by the circum.
stances. The class pretty generally has its
feelings hurt and is {n a resentful mood.

The tresliiman class held a noisy meeting to-
night when everybody tried to speak at once.
The class resolved that President Faunce
ought not to punish a few sophomores for a
class sin. The freshmen tntend to inform
Dr. Faunce that they—the vietims of the kid-
nappers —bear the sophs no ill-will. The lot-
reads, however, of the class are dernanding that
if the aophs decide to leave college, the fresh-
men class go on a sympathetic strike.

Dr. Faunce has the support of the faculty
in his purpose to abolish hoodlumism at Brown,
especially such a phase of it as was last night's
escapade, in which the students attacked the
Of the three sophomores who may be
expelled, Stiness {a the son of Mr Justice Stl-
ness, who ‘ss Chief Justice-elect of the
Rhode Island Supreme Court and a leadingmem-

  
 

pollea,

ber of the Brown Board of Trustees.
was full back in this year's football eleven and
Sheenan was also on the team.

EMBEZZLED $5,000 OF CITY MONEY.

Jobn Clark, Deputy Collector in the Market
Bureau, Reported Missing.

Comptrolier Coler notified Mayor Van Wyck
yesterday that John Clark, a deputy collector of
city revenues, who has been employed in the
Market Bureau of the Comptroller's offlve since
1880, has embezzled about $5,000 of the elty's
money and disappeared, The Co:mptrol)
covered the defaleation on Wednesday night
and took steps to have the man apprehended,
butit wastoolate. Clark lived at Si Seventh
street and ts about fifty years old. The Comp.
troller's letter to the Mayor fs as follows

“Str: Lrewret todnform you that John Clark,
a deputy collector of city reven
reau of Markets and of City Revenue, has been

found to be short in bis accounts and js be-
lieved to have abstracted and alse onded with
money temporarily deposited ina sate in said
bureau to which he obtained access
“An examination 's now in progress to
mine the exact amount of the loss, whi

er dise

 

 

 

deter.

| lieved to be a substantial sum

was todo a record day's work in line making |

andevery man available was thus employed
The correspondents predict that the repairs
willbe completed by Saturday

The Roars are apparently still strengthening
Laing’s Nek. A Boer report from Volksrust
says there was fighting at Botha'’s Nek on
Monday, but no details are given.

Chris Botha, a brother of the Commandant

General. has been appointed assistant General. |

This has given great satisfaction to the
burghers, who have confidence in him,

Captain the Earl De la Warr, who was eup-
posed to have been captured, has returned to
Newenstle, His wound {is not severe. A Pre-
toria despatch says that the losses sustained by
Bethune'’s Horse at Sheeper's Nek were 27
fed, 25 wounded and 11 captured. The Joot
Included 25 horses, two Maxim gunsand a quan-
Uty of ammunition

There 's no confirmation of the report re-
ceived on Wednesday that the force that re-
lieved Mafeking had surrounced the Boers who
had been besieging that place,

A Pretoria telegram, dated Wednesday, re-
ports that the first train entered Mafeking froin
the north on ‘iuesday, The first train from the
Gouth is expected to arrive there next week

BOERS DISCUSSING SURRENDER,

Reports from Pretoria of Dissension as to the
Wisest Course to Pursue,
Special Came Despatch to Tae SUN

Losnox, May 25. -The Daily Mail continues
to furnish what purports to be Boer informa-
thon, representing the burghers as being desire
ous of peace, Jt asserts that there ia a strong
Movement of citizens toward surrender.

he Government is cognizant of the
Movement, though it does not authorize it.
Delegates _ been sent to the Generals and
Commandakts in the field to learn their
Opinions It is felt that the Government will
Yeeid \{ sufficient influential pressure is brought
& bear upon it

The Mail's Lorenzo Marques correspondent
Mire the Transvaal Government has issueda
Manfestoasking the burghers their views on
the advisability of seeking peace or continuing

 

the war) The all night sittings at the Prest-
om nue. It is believed that strong
: rt he be ng made in favor of immediate

\despatch tothe Times from Lorenzo Mar-
Ghies, dated Wed: esday, suave that acc ording to

GQ private lecter that was snuggled from Pre-
tor ’
tora, President Kriger now favors surrender

or the grow dthar A continuance of the war
Wil entra

Bhips on the bure
COmmandants t

ers. Hehas{thrown on the

onus of finally deciding what

 
 

Course ty pursne

P

 

‘gers from Pretoria report that there is

 

ov *"isension in oficial circles, There has

i tr

te N extraordinary activity during the past
Mnlelton the railway between Pretoria and

 

Thirty trains have passed over

carr: he daily. It fs Possible that they were
Ying Supplies north

ante ia despatch to the Exchange Tele-
ber god aU Says that thirty-six boxes of
frorn ears Vined at £141,000, have been sent
Becretary her 7 rorenzo Marques, State
family wor, (he Transvaal, his wife and
y Were on (he same train

PELL DEAD IN THE BOWERY.

Man With $150 and a
“AM
Aman with

Gold Watch, Marked
"a Victim of Apoplexy.

Murray’ ona cardin his pocket,
1 watch, railroad ticketa to

“in money and a check for
Zz al Bank, died of apoplexy
rong hoon in frontot the Occidental
Toome street and the Bowery

   

Ww) ‘ Goldaneh in the « oroner's Court.

ttdey » Poner Hart was holaing court yes.

  

 

ia. Minch flew into the room, perched
fat mn cet

prer, and t UO the bench tn front of the Cor-

bir wry “{aroundthe court. The

did ne
3° Pot seem to be disturbed atite sur-
®* And stayed for nearly an hour,

sreat damage to property and harde |

“it is my earnest desire that a mostsearching
invest gation be made with the view of ascer
taining whether this affair is the result, in
whole orin part, o; negigence or neglect of
duty onthe part of any of Clark's asscu
oresuperiors in the Bureau of Markets, and
whether the system of accounts in f+ that
bureau is toany degree at fault or capable of
such iinprovement as to promise protection in
the future against dishonesty of this character

“Tshould prefer that such an Investigation

ates

 

 

 

Bates |

 

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MAY

 

1 in the Bue |

his be- |

should be made by officials in no way subject to |

mv control, and in view of the fact that this
falls peculiarly within the seope of the duties of
the Commissioners of Account’, as defined by
section 119 of the Charter, Trequest that you
authorize them to institute such an examinas
tion at the earliest possible moment,”

Mr, Coler said hint Clark was under only
$2.90 bonds, given several vears ago and ap-
proved by the Munieipal Assembly The

 

 

amount of the city’s protection under this old |
bond, the Comptroller said, could not be deter. |

mineduntil the law in the matter had been

looked into,

TOM THUNDER CHTALLENGES roppy,

The Young Brave Objects to the Irish Chief
of the Winnebagoes,

Buack River Faurs, Wis., May 24.--Tom
Thunder, who aspires to the chieftainey of the
Winnebago Indians, to-day sent a challenge of
mortal combat to his rival, T. R. Reddy, an
Irishman in Chicago, He is very much in ear
nest, and has a company of twenty-five young
bravesin war paint. Roddy will be here on May
26, and young Thunder {s planning ¢
demonstration to greet the White Buf The
challenge was made and signed in the presences
of several citizens, and was mailed to the White

Buffalo last night .
Cutcago, May 24.—-"“Yea, T received the chal-
lenge from Tom Thunder, who questions my

 

 

   

right to be inaugurated chief of the Winneba- |

 

1 fhoninas R. Roddy when seen at his
home to-day T donot anticin fe imuch trouble
with him. T have been summoned to the res
vation to be inaugurated, and will leave for there
to-morrow, Tom Thunder is a young brave
and has a small following, but the older mem-
bers of the tribe are with me. Lreesived a letter

»y No Chinka (Little Soldier) head war chief,
g me to coine at once, as they were anxious
( t through the inaugural ceremonies, after
which he thinks Thunder and his followers will
quiet down

The challenge received by Mr. Roddy suggesta
a meeting at the grave of Chief Blackhawk, with
tomahawks

goes," sa

  

 

 

BOER ENVOYS TO VISIT BOSTON,

The Common Connell Invited Them, but Has
No Money to Entertain Them,

Boston, May 24.--The clerk of the Common
Couneil to-day received from the Boer peace
Envoys a letter accepting the invitation of the
Common Council to visit Boston No date for
the visit was set. The Fivoys “express their
deep appreciation for the honor done them
ind gratitude for the sympathy shown in thetr

oly eause by the preamble and resolution
adopted by the Common Council.”

Whe Pommon ¢ ounce. now finds itself in a pes
enliar predicament. It has invited the Boer
Envoys to visit Boston and the invitation has
been accepted and the Couned is without funds
to entertain them An order passed by the City
Council for funds for this entertainment has
heen vetoed bs the Mavor on the ground of
illewality, and what will be done is not yet de-
cided.

1

 

WANT DEATH PENALTY RESTORED.

Colorado Papers Point Out the Lesson of the
Recent Lynching.

Denver, Col, May 24.--Both the Republican
and the Rocky Mountain News this morning
published editorialsealling for the restoration of
capital punishment in Colorado, These two
papers represent opposing political parties
The occasion for this expression of opinion was

the lynehing of Calvin Kimblern on Wednesday
morning at P seblo lhe News says
“The people of Colorado and the next Leg-

 

islature might as well face the fact that
in the absence of capital punishment
under the law it is inflicted through
the angry mob violence whenever
anespecially atrocious crime is committed,

When a wholejeommunity, ineluding the ofleers
of the law, approves the iilegal infliction of the
death penalty itis proof that that community
approves the legal infliction of the death pen-
alty.”’

O'Neill's Great Sale of Hats

is the talk of the town. Never before have women's
straw hats been sold socheap. They are s*iling the
latest styles in dress shapes at25q 61D ay., 20th to
2ists.—Ade ‘

re |

 

 

25,

 

REFORM STARTED IN CUBA,

—_——_—
DIRECTOR BRISTOW REORGANIZING
THE POSTAL DEPARTMENT,

 

Redaction of Expenses—Investigation of the
Frauds Continues—Assistant Auditor Rey-
nolds Returns to Duty—Custom House Ac-
counts to Be Examined-— Political Situation,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

HAVANA, May 24.--Director of Post Bristow ts
going ahead straightening out the tangles in
the departinent and looking for evidence against
Neely and those associated with him in the
frauds,

He is also reorganizing the department ona
more economical basis. Prior to his arrival
here there existed a solicltor’s bureau, with a
solicitor at a salary of $2,500, an assistant so-
licttor, salary $2,000, and a stenographer, salary
$1,400. The offices of solicitor and assistant
solicitor have been abolished, and a law clerk
has been appointed at a salary of 82,000, reduo-
ing the expenses from $5,900 to $3,400, the ste-
nographer being retained. “0 e

On Gen, Wood's recommendation Mr. Bristow
has appointed George R. Buchanan as disburs-
ing officer at a salary of $2,000, the office of
superintendent of posts, with a salary of $2,260,
being abolished, The latter officer had charge
of the disbursements. At the beginning of the
month the director will submit the month's es-
timate to Gen, Wood. On his approval the
Treasurer of the island will place this amount
to the credit of the disbursing officer, who will
check against {t for salarfes and all bills in-
curred, The disbursing officer will have to
give a bond inthe sum of $20,000, This reform
will render {t impossible for the departinent to
lose anything,

Assistant Auditor Reynolds, who was sus-
pended, has returned to duty, not the slightest
evidence to connect him with the frauds having
been found. The original step against him was
taken merely to make sure that the Government
was protected

Auditor Barre, in response to a request made
on March 12 by Vice-President Dowd, has come
mencedan examination of the books and vaults
of the North American Trust Company. He
will next examine the Custom House, all the ac-
counts of the island being overhauled. There
are no indications yet of anything being wrong
The examinations are routine matters that
have been hastened

The fact that Gen. Wood has yielded to the
demands for a minority representation in Ha-
vana has made the Nationals furious. They
gay that in Matanzas and Cienfuegos, where the
Republicans are in full control, Gen, Wood does
not recognize this principle, and therefore he
should not recognize it here, where the Nation-
als are in control. The Republicans, on the
other hand, are greatly rejoiced by Gen, Wood's
action, as it is sure to give them representation
The Democratic Union takes the change with
bad grace. The leaders say it comes too late
for their party, which, having issued its marf-
festo, will not participate in the elections, Tha
Repul in Nominating Committee has chosen
Carlos de Zaldo, a lawyer, for presentation to
the party as its nominee for Mayor, Sefior de
Zaldo has no political strength

The Havana papers devote much space to the
marriage question raised by Archbishop Sbhar-
retti’s petition to Governor General Wood.
The general tone of the press Is heartily in favor
of the proposed change

The Post says: “Every citizen in Cuba who be-
lieves in the sanctity of the marriage ordinance
asa Church feest will most heartily approve of
she effort being made to secure a modification
of the eweeping decree of Gen, Broolte, which
recognizes only civil magistrates as compe.
tent to perform a legal marriage ceremony
Gen, Brooke's too radical The
Church is to be held responsible for {ts issuance
the enor
ention of procedure havir

 

decrea ja

ms evil of extortion and the compli-
g forced thousands of
wn fn certain parts of
os common law marriages,

been enough to have com-
manded a simplifying of the Church's edicta,
or, perhaps, to have made civil marriage sulMfl-
cient for those who would be satisfied wi it
Double morriageis not required, Clergymen
should be clothed with full power to perform
marriages, and to prevent fraud they should
be forbidden to marry any one not previously
licensed by the civil authorities. It is known
that the entire Protestant clergy of Havana are
in hearty accord with the foregoing pro-
cedure "

As this is exactly what the Catholics want and
as the religious ele:
of women, who are loyal Catholics, is predomi-
nant, Gen, Wood is sure to make this change,

ROOSEVELT HEARS NEELY'S CASE,

couples into what {ts kr
the United States

but dt ought to hia

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Will Take the Attorney-General’s Advice on
Extradition to Cuba.

Arguments for and against the extradition
of Charles F. W. Neely, who is wanted in Cuba
to answer the charge of having misappropriated
Cuban postal funds, were presented before
Gov. Roosevelt yesterday at Oyster Bay. John
D. Lindsay represented Neely and United States
District Attorney Burnett appeared for the Gov-
ernment in support of Governor General Wood's
requisition, Mr. Lindsay argued that there
Was ho power in the executive aut iority of
this or any other State in the absence of any
positive provision of law to surrender for trial

} in Cuba any person 7 With the violation

erence arriiincniniintatiinmmeseninteinsinaiinr-dimicsieisavaliatiniuniies=asesveninonnn snail ainaeaiaaiaaaaecianinicheiennatonmsammatiinsaeniadeeneitnasiammnnsatonn

of any law of that islance The pending legis-
lation in Congress admitted the existence of
this situation, he said. It was not contended
by any one Wat Cuba was a part of the Liited
States

Gen. Burnett for the Government said that
Neely had entered the service of the Govern-
ment and had gone to Cuba. “He was thus,”
baid Ger. Burnett, "subject to the law of that isl-
and, Cuba being under the control of the United
States, and he committed an offence against
thatlaw, The executive officer there, Governor
General Wood, we contend, has made due
and proper requisition under the statutes of
the United States and this State for the rendi-
tion of this fugitive to nmoower for the violation
of the lecal law of that territory, that
local Jaw being enforced there “by the
authorities of the United States, and therefore
being a part of the United States law for that
territory.”

The Governor asked for briefs and said he
would consider them caretully, and have a
consultation with the Attorney-General or one
of his deputios at Oyster Bay on Saturday,
and probably announce his decisiononthatday,

Gordon M. Buck, a lawyer, filed an affidavit
in the United States Circuit Court yesterday
to the effect that he had deposited (820,000 in
eurrency as bail for the appearance of Neely
on the first charge on which Neely was arrested
This was done, it was supposed, to show that
Neely did not putup the money himself and that,
therefore, the Government cannot attach it.

  

 

THE DISCLOSURES IN CUBA,

Senator Bacon Thinks Robert P, Porter's
Acts Require an Investigation,

WASHINGTON, May 24.~The resolutions in-
structing the Committee on Relations with
Cuba to investigate the receipts and expendi-
tures of public money in Cuba, was taken up in
the Senate to-day, and its auth rv, Mr. Bacon
(Deny, Ga), addressed the Senate in support of
itand in reply to the speech of Mr, Platt (Rep,
Conn >) yesterday, Mr Bacon went over with
great: minuteness the recent disclosures of
fraud in Cuba and finally came tothe case of
Mr. Robert P Porter, who, be said, had been
commissioned to fix a tari for that island, on
which business he had drawn a salary of $500 a
month and an expense aceount still larger
and who was now, according to the New York
Tribune, in the en ployment ofa powerful and
wealtliy syndicate which had obtained railroad
franchises in Cuba Mr Bacon thought that
such employment, and the facet that Mr. Porter
had fixed the tariff rates on railroad materials
in Cuba required investigation

The resolutions was referred to the Com-
mittee ou Contingent Expenditures.

Rely Upon Platt's Chlorides
fo disingees ‘he bouse drains water closets, sinks,

pee

ent, owing to the Influence |

 

 

LONE PASSENGER A RONBER,

 

Rifled the Car Conductor's Pockets ia The
Bronx Wilds—Arrested.

Car 217 of the Westchester avenue Mne left
Third avenue at 11 o'clock last night andstarted
for the Southern Boulevard in charge of
Motorman Patrick Reilly and Conductor Frank
Oliver, There was only one passenger, He
was a tall, broad-shouldered man who re-
marked to the conductor that the Westchester
avenue line of cars had to pass through the
most lonesome part of the annexed district. Ha
handed a cigar to the conductor, When thecar
reached Dawson street, a dark and lonesome
spot, he pulled the rope of the trolley pole end
threw the pole off the wire.

The conductor, thinking {t was an acciaent,
leaned backward over the dashboard to
put the trolleyon, The passenger caught
him by the throat and held him, at the
same time rifling his pockets. The motor-
man went to the conductor's assistance.
The highwayman succeeded in throwing both
conductor und motorman down. Then he
Jumped from the car and ran along the road
The motorman and conductor put after him,
shouting ‘Police! Murder!”

Policeman Donohue, who was patrolling the
most lonesome post in the precinct, heard the
cries, After a chase of half a mile he succeeded
in capturing the highwayman. The prisoner
said he was Michael Campion of 433 Weat Six-
teenth street,

A month ago a conductor onthe Tremont
avenue line was held up in a elinilar manner.

 

EASY FOR BANK ROBBERS,

Six Masked Men Break Into a Bank of Wil-
Mamsburg, Va.—Get $5,200,

UICHMOND, Va, May 24.—One of the most
daring robberies ever committed {n Virginia
oveurred at Williamsburg, Va., between 1 and 3
o'clock this morning, S!tx arined men entered
the three-story building of the Peninsular
Bank, the so-called burglar-proof safe was
blown open and about $6,200 in cash and many
valuable papers carried off, Several explosions
were heard early in the morning, W. D.
Pavell of New York, who lived {nthe
Colonial Inn, first went to the scene of the
explosion. He was bound and thrown {nto the
rear roorz, and told that if he made an outcry
he would be kted) Wile the men were still
&@t work op the safe the Sheriff and President
and several directors of the bank arrived onthe
scene and surrounded the bank, Thenight was
dark, and they were afraid to shoot when they

saw any one, not Knowing whether they would
be killing friend or fue. The third explosion
occurred While these nen were -urroundiug
the bank buliding

Ihe robbers gathered {tn all they could and
escaped out of the rearof the building, J.B.
Spencer of the Colonial Inn layin a gutter
within twenty feet of one of the robbers, took
deliberate alm but did not fire because he feared
that Director Warburton was inthe rear of the
building. The robbers ran down a deep ravine
that reaches up from the south side of the town
The besiegers closed in only to find that themen
had flown,

Cousbier Harry N. Phillips says that there was
in the bank & There were also
notes, bonds worth many thousands, but some
of these are doubtless in the ruins of the safe
The Post Office was robbed about a year ago
and the sate ruined, and ainee then the Post-
tuaster has kept the stampeand cash of the
office in the bank safe, and last night there
were over $500 worth of stam)s and Bout $100
jnecash belonwing to the Post Uftice in the safe,
Whether these are missing is not known,

The Peninsular Bank {is a member of the
Bankers’ Association The safe and contents
were insured inthe / idelity and Trust Company
of Baltumore for $8,000 Pending the adjust-
mentof theinsurance nothing will be touched
until the inspectors arrive. Some negotiable
notes were found eeaitered around near the
fown

The sa

   

 
 

 

 

 

   

! » which weighs four tons, faa com-
plete wreek The capital of the bank fa $10,000,
ind {ts total resources $121,721. Its stock i4
worth nearly double its face value

 

     

  

  
 
 

 

 

in Whose name is not known and who !s
pected of being implicated in the bank rob-

it Williamsburg this morning was

ted near Manchester to-night A. trite
hone me go was received in Manchester
from Bon Air, ef@lit mies from Riehmond
saying that ro inen with @rip sacks anc
uddy elo got off the train there and were
walking to Richmond. The men. separated
near Manchester Policeman Wright hailed
one of nm Who . The policeman fired at
him ard wounded him. The man was arrested,

but refused to tell hia nnme or give any infor-
mation about himeelf The other three men
ran through » woods and escaped. Nearly
one hundred men are scouring the woods to
eatch the three suspects,

  

 

CAUGHT A BANK ROBBER,

He Was Fneased tn Sheet Iron Armor and
Planned to Hold Up a Cashier,

Cratrancoga, Tenn., May 24.--An unsue-
cessful attempt was made to hold up the cashier
and rob the vault of the Bank of Grundy County
at an early hour this morning. Tracy City is
the home of the Tennessee Coal and Iron Rail-
way Company, a small village composed of
tolners and coke oven workers the year around

and summer boarders during the hot season,
One bank does A s for the entire
county. When cashier Byers entered the bank
about 8 o'clock this morning he missed a ree
volver trom its usual resting place and at once
became suspicious,  ¢ onstable Hall happened
to step in atthat moment and the two started

 

jl the busine

 

 

 

j to investigate

|

An old-tashioned sofa rested near the en-
ance to the vault and behind it crouched
1ofaman. The cashier removed the
id the burglar raised his masked face
into the muzzle of the officer's gun. He
cured the bank revolver in addition to
his own. fie carried a kit of burglar's tools
and his body was encased all around in an armor
eet iron a quarter of an inch thick. He
rroved to be Will Adams, a local tough, who
as been suspected of several burglaries. His
plan was to wait until Cashier Byers opened
the vault, then hold him up and rob the vauit
atter which he would lock the cashier In while
he made his escape

   

 

 

 

 

A WIDOW USES A RAWHIDE,

She Beats Another Woman and a Man Who
Were Having a Carriage Rido,

New Haven, Conn, May 24.—Miss Nora Har-

ris, & handsome-looking dressruaker of this

city, and Adejbert ( Russell, a well-known
salesman, while riding together this af-
ternoon, were stopped by Mrs. Adela

Cushion, a widow, who pulled a rawhide and
began being the pairinthe carriage. Miss

Harris ited and there was a short and
sharp t le between the two women, out of

 
   

which Miss Harris came victorious. She is
athletic in build and = took the whip from
Mra Cushion, who immediately disappeared,
Russell drove off. Miss Harris made a state-
ment to-night, in which she savs that she is

nw
ect right

onipany with Russell, and that she had
to drive with him

 

  

a pert to go She
explained Mrs, Cushion’s attack on the ground
of jealousy. It was stated to-night in behalf of
Mrs. Cushion, who is abont 83 vears of age

that she has acertificate showing the date ot
her marriage to Russell She has been his
housekeeper for Rome time, They are all well-
known residents

Six Men Killed tn a Boiler Explosion,

BrowNsvit_F, Tenn, May 24, -A boller ex-
ploded this morning at Burleston, Tenn. a
sruall village twenty-five mniles west of here, in
Capt. James A. MeFerrin’s sawmill, The pro-
prietor, aged 65, formerly in the internal reve.
nue service during Cleveland's administration
isumong the dead. Four employees, named
Burkett, York, Moses, Huntley, all white, and
an unidentified negro were also killed. ‘One
mah was driven through the wall of a cotton
gin several yards away,

 

 

Took a Year for This Voyage,

San Francisco, May 24.~ The British ship
Biack Braes arrived to-day from Dundee after
au passage of one year. She made good time
until near Cape Horn, when she was swept by
great seas and foreed to stop at Port Stanley on
Oct. 23 forrepairs. She started again on Feb

9, and after a short experience with heavy
storms had plain sailing to this port,

—

 

There isa vast difference In the quality of Cham-
pagne, but amid all the varlous brands, there is but
one best, and that, by the unlversal verdict of the best
Judges, is Pommery. This favorite wine ls made
only from the first pressings of the most carefully
selected grapes Ade, ~e

: ;

 

 

 

SNe

~

ee

STATE AGAINST ICE TRUST,

DAVIES
SUIT

 

ATTORNEY-GENERAL DE-

CIDES TO BRING

 

To Cancel the Company's Permit to Sell Ico
in New York—Says It’s an Attempt at Mo-
nopoly in a Necessary of Life-Mayor
Subpanaed to the Police Court Hearin.

Attorney-General Davies has decided to begin
proceedings to prevent the American Ice Com-
pany, a New Jersey corporation, froin doing
business in this State on the ground that it isan
unlawful combination destroying competition
in the production and eale of a necessary of
life. The agreement made between the con-
stituent companies, the Knickerbocker and
Consolidated Ioe companies, to combino their
interests and control the whole ice field, he
holds, isin violation of the laws of the State.
Mr. Davies came down from Albany yesterday
and sent a letter to the attorneys on both sides
in the case of William R. Hearst, petitioner,
against the {ce company to prohibit it from
doing business in the State and to annul the
certificate that permits {t 80 to do business,
This is the letter:

“To Messrs. Binstein & Townsend, Attys. for Peti
oe Meare. Daly, Hoyt & Mason, Attys. for
Amarican Ice Company, Wikiiam H. Rand, Jr
Eug., Hon G. D. B. Hasbrouck of Counsel:

“GRNTLEMEN—Upon a careful consideration
of the petition, affidavits, arguments and ail
the papers submitted upon the hearing in the
above entitled matter, am satisfied that the
American Ice Company is an unlawful combi-
nation, conducting its business in restraint of
trade, in violatlop of law and against public

policy.
“The Knickerbocker and Consolidated Ice

companies are the principal constituent cone
panies of the American |ce Company,

“"Itis evident that, priorto March 11, 1809,
when the American Ice Company was incor-
porated, there was an arrangement between
these companies by which they divided the
territory between themselves in which they
were to do business. The Consolidated r
served to itself the city of New York and proc-
tieally controlled the trade in that city. lhe
Knickerbocker reserved w Itself Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Washington and the Eastern Btates
By anarrangement between the two, neither
invaded the territory of the other

“Prior to March 11, 1890, these two companies
agreed to combine their interests und thereby
control, under one company, the entire terti-
tory, and thusenabled themselves to monope-
lize the ice business in those territories, to 10-
quire or to crush out of existence the other
competing companies which had not already
been absorbed by them respectively, and to
Minit the production and fix the price of lee,

“Toe being a necessity, competition in tts pros
duction and sale was thus toa great extent, If
not wholly, destroyed.

*Theas companies also acquired control of
the dock privileges inthe city of New York,
which enabled them to further control the out-
rut
Phe direct result of this combination was
that the American Tee Company, very soon
after its formation, raised the price of ioe in the
city of New York 100 per cent. over the price of
last year without any ostensibly just cause

“Any agreement or understanding between
competing companies of the charneter coms
plained of is clearly in violation of the laws of
this State and against public polley ;

“T have therefore come to the conclusion that
it{s my duty to commence proceedings against
the American Ice Company to probibit it from
doing business in thisState 3 -

“OC. Davirs, Attorney-General

Mr Davies said, after giving out copies of
this letter, that he had nothing more to say on
the subject of ioe just at this time. He did not
know just when the action for an annulment of
the company’s certificate would be commer ced,
but he hardly thought there would be any
delay. When asked if he thought the Governor
would appoint afSpectal Grand Jury, to investi-
gate the connection of city officiale with the ico
company, Mr. Davies said that this question
had not been discussed Gov. Roosevelt was
asked the rame juestion at Uyster hay yester-
day, but he sald he must refuse to make any
statementonthat subject unul after he had
hada talk with the Atieene? senere, which be
expected to have ina few days

x il a H. Rand, dr. a counsel for the
American Ica Company, said last night that no
steps were being taken toward a reorganization
of the company, andjthat so far as he knew no
such action was contemplated

Mavor Van Wyck was served yesterday with
asubpena toappear in tho Jefferson Market
court to-day, in connection. with the proceed-

  

{ngs now pending there against the American

| Iee Company

 

The Mavor took the service of
the paper philosophically, and declined to say
anything about it when questioned, except that
he would obey {t and appear Jn court at the
propertime. The Mavor will have his hands
full of ice business for the next two days, as

e will have to appear before Justice Gaynor
n Brooklyn to-morrow to answer to the
order obtained by two Counellmen and
three Aldermen on Tuesday afternoon,
It was said yesterday that Mayor Van Wyck
may apring a furprise on those who have been
accusing him of owning a large block of stook
in the lee Trust by showing, when he goes be-
fore Justice Gaynor, that he doesn’t own any
of the stock and never didown any. The Mayor
would not say anything about this point ves-
terday, but looked very wise when asked about
{t. He said, with peculiar emphasis, that he
would be in court promptly on time to-morrow.
The following alleged list of holders of 13,418
out of 600,007 shares of the stock of the Ameri-
can Ice Company was printed by a newspaper
yesterday:

John F. Carroll, 1.090: Richard Croker and family,
1,121; J. Sergeant Cram, Dock Commissi ne gee
Charies F. Murphy, 49%: Judge Rufus i. Cowtng,
foo; Judge James Piteverald, 200. Judge Martin PF.
McMahon, 290; Judge Joseph Newbormer, 200; ex-
Mayor Hugh J. Grant, 1,0 W. }. Gelshennen and
family, 2,719; Garfield Nathonal Hank, 4.000; JOS
Fassett, 390; ex Mayor Thomas F. Gilroy, 250;
Randolph Guggenheimer, 1; Thomas J. Meehan,
300; J. A. Sletcher, 60; Join Baver, #67; Alfred Nel-
son, 229,

President Guegenheimner of the Council was
surprised when he found hisname on the list
lle enid thatten years ago he owned one share
of the stock of the Consumers’ lee Company
having received it asa lecal fee. He afterward
sold it to Mr. Gelshenen for $90. The latter
wanted to give him one share of the stock of
the American Ice Company for it, but he had
declined the stock,

WOULDN'T FIND A

Majority of a Coroner's Jury Find That a
Person Unknown Killed Lena Wolf,

Coroner Hart and a jury inquired {nto the
murder of Lena Wolf of 314 Fast Eleventh: street
on May 11, for which Corporal Adolph Sass of the
Seventh United States Artillery was arrested,
Sass was found hiding in a coalbin in the cellar
of the house after the murder, He told De-
tective Bonnvil when asked why he shot the
girl (according to Bonnvil’s testimony \ester-
day) that he didn’t know; he was drinking and
must have been crazy, Sadie Stein, who lived

next door to the Wolf airl, testified to having
heard the report of the pistol and seen “the sol-
dier” jn the woman's rooms, and Coroner Hart
charged the jury that the testimony went to
show conclusively that Lena Wolf came to her
death by a shot fired by Sass

James Moran, ex-Lieutenant-Colonel of the
Sixty-ninth Regiment, who was foretnan of tha

 

SOLDIER GUILTY,

 

fury, consulted with his fellow jurymen, and
the jurymen retired to consider the verdict, In
twenty minutes they returned Fight of

the jurym teda verdict thatthe woman
came to her death by a pistol shot wound i
flicted by a revolver in the hands of a person
unknown, The ninth Juror, Samuel Engel, of
ee4 Third avenue, returned a verdict that Sass
killed the eirl. Coroner Hart told the jury he
waa astorig ved

“Why. gentlemen,” said the Coroner, “all the
testimony in this case points to Adolph Sass as
being the man respon for the woman's
death, and Teannot understand how you agreed
upon this verdict m

 

n prese

 

The eight jurymen. however, stuck to the
verdict. It doesn’t affect Sinss, who ia in the
Tombs, having been committed by Macistrate
Hogan, His case will be taken before the
Grand Jury to-day.

LIEUT. MARTIN NOT READY TO PLEAD,
Court-Martial Gives Mim a Day to Get Fur-
ther Legal Advice,

The trialby court martial of Edward H. Mar-
tin, aSecond Lieutenant in the Fifth Cnited
States Artillery, who is alleged to have falsified
receipts while acting as treasurer of the post
exchange and canteen at Fort Hancock, Sandy
Hook, several months ago, was begun yesterday
afternoon at Fort Hamilton Lieut. Spink waa
assigned as counsel to Lieut, Martin. ‘The lat-
ter when brought before the court sald that he
was not quite ready to answer the charges
brought against him and asked for an adjourn-
ment until 10 o'clock this inorning in order to
secure additional counsel. His reauest after

some discussion waa granted 2

 

4900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

t Showers to-day; fair to-morrow,

¢

 

BRIDE STRICKEN AT THE ALTAR,

 

Mies Leavitt Has a Hemorrhage of the Braia
While Waiting to Be Married.

Hartrorp, Conn, May 24.--Miss Hannah
Leavitt of South Manchester, who was to have
become the bride of John Wrenn of Waterbury
to-day, fa thought to be dying to-night, She
was stricken justas she reachod the altaron the
arm of her{nvended husband, and dropped to
the floor apparently dead. The church was
filled with friends of the bridal couple. The
bridemaid, Misa Neilie Leavitt, a sister, came
to her assistance, and, nol rallying from the
faint, the atrioken bride-elect was taken into
the parochial residence, which is near the
church, Dr. T, H. Weldon was summoned and
found that Miss Leavitt was suffering from
hemorrhage of the brain. The wedding party
was dismissed, aud the Rey, Father Murphy,
who was to have performed the ceremony, sent
the big audience at the church away.

The condition of Miss Leavitt is very critical,
and doubts are entertained for her recovery.
She fs still at the parochial residence, and will
be unable to be removed to her home in her
present condition. Much sympathy is being
expressed for the afflicted family. Miss Leavitt
has been under Dr, Weldon's care for three
weeks, suffering with severe headaches, but she
was apparently well on entering the churoh
this morning,

 

TRIAL OF THE MEN OF THE TEXAS,

 

Eight of the Elevon Convicted and Sentenced
to From 6 to 18 Months’ Imprisonment,

WasuINGToN, May 24.--The record of the
proovedings and findings of the general court-
martial which was appointed to try the enlisted
men of the battleship Texas, on charges grow-
{ng out of insubordination ashore while the
Texas was crulsing In United States and West
Indian waters, was received by the Judge
Advocate-Ceneral of the Navy to-day, All the
men were charged with being implicated In

an attempt to rescue ai shipmate from
the master-at-arms and a marine sergeant
of the ‘Texas at Grassey Bay, Bermuda,
The spectfic charges were “conduct to the pre!-
udice of good order and military discipline,”
end, “striking another person in the Navy.”
‘The records show that of eleven mentioned
three were acquitted and eight convicted
Those conricted were sentenced to terms of
imprisonment at the Roston Naval Prison of
from six to eighteen months. ‘They are: Homer
E. Lloyd and Alfred Schaefer, seamen; Thomas
Cronin and William H. O'Neil, coal passers; iF
L. MeIntyreand Charles F. Burke, landsmen;
and Michael Byrnes and Joseph G. Murpliy, ape
entices, The men acquitted are; James
Faney, cockswain; John Romayne, ordinary
Bearman, and William McCullough, apprentice,

 

A QUESTION OF PROPRIETY,

Woman Prisoner and a Night Journey Em-
barrass Country Constable Schall,

Constable Donald F. Schall of East Brighton,
Monroe county, N. Y., walked into the Fast
Thirty-fifth street police station last night,
blushing furiously and leading a good looking

young woman, ae
“Mister,” saidhe to the sergeant, ‘this young

Woman is my prisoner. She was arrested in

New Haven, andI went there to-day and got
her ou extradition papers that had Leen signed
by Gov. Roosevelt. I reached this city, and
now, to get home to-night, I would have to
travelat night. If 1 take a day coach, it will
be a hardship for the prisoner. If l take a
sleeper, it wont beproper I wantyou to lock
her up here for the night.”

Constable schail seemed to be much more em-
barrassed than the girl was, and the sergeant,
taking pity on him, locked up the girl tor safe
keeping. She saidshe was Florence Whitney,
28 vears old of no particular home. Constable
Schail said she was wanted in Fast Brighton for
robbing 4 family by whom she had been em-
ployed as a servant, of $600 wortn of silverware
and jewelry and some money.

GUN BARREL FOR GOV. MOUNT,
Mysterious Package Sent to Indiana's Capitol
From Loalsville,

INDIANAPOLIS, May 24.—A package with an
inseription that is worrying the State officers
reached the Capitol this morning by express,
addressed to Gov. Mount. It contained a
gun barrel, badly rusted, and on it was this
inseription: “For Governor Mount, in settle-

ment for balance due Indiana from Kentucky.”
The package came from Louisville, but there
was nothing to indicate the sender and the
Governor's secretary has been trying to figura
out the meaning of the pscription. He is
unable to determine whether it came from
some enemy, who resents the protection of
Gov. Taylor and Charles Finley. or whether
from some friend, who thinks Kentuckians
oughtto show gratitude for that act.

WOMEN WIN PRIZES,

Three Awarded to Them by tho Philadelphia
Academy of the Fine Arts,

PHILADELPHIA, May 24.—This year, for the
second time in ita history, the trustees of the
PennsylvaniaAcademy of theFineArts, which to-
day heldjthe closing exercises of {ts ninety-fifth
year, awarded the highest prize, 6500, for a
year's travelling scholarship to a woman, the
recipient being Miss Paula B. Himmelsbach
The first Charles Toppan prize, $200, was
awarded to Miss Fila Hergesheimer fori can-
vas showing agirl standing at atable, holoing
a large spoon, with which she appears to be
stirringsomething in an earthern jar, ‘lhe sec-
ond Charles Toppan prize also wenttoa woman,
Miss Clara Godwin, her picture representing a
man of large proportions with an axe poised as
ifabout tostrike, Both compositions were en-
titled * Work,”’

 

PINGREE PLAN NOT ATTRACTIVE
So Little Idlencss and Poverty in Boston That
Potato Planting Is Given Up.

Boston, May 24.—The Pingree plan of giving

raise vegetables is a failure so far as Boston
and its nelgliborhood are concerned. No effort
has been made by the Industrial Ald Society to
secure any land for such purpose this year, for
the reason that the cali for it had died out and
the agent of the Society attributes this to tiie
better social conditions which have developed
among the poor Plugree system was
adopted here five years ago on account of idle-
pess and poverty, andso long as these two
factors were prominent the work Wasa sito.
cess. but now both of these causes have been
very nearly removed

ELECTION IN VIRGINIA,

Ane

 

 

Call for a Constitational Convention Adopted
-Democrats Win Local Fights.
mid-

Ricumonxp, Va, May 24 —Returns at

 

 

| deals b

   

PRICE TWO CENTS,

FAILED FOR — $13,000,000,

PRICE, MCCORMICK & CO, GO TO
SMASH IN COTTON SPECULATION,

Theodore H. Price Was the Plunger—They Say
Inman Wasa't In It With Him-@aid te
Have Been Long of 425,000 Bales ef Cote

Credited to Partnese

McCormick's LInsistence — George Crocker

Had Halfa Million in the Concern—Schiey’s

Son-in-Law a Partner~Semt-Panio in the

Cotton Market—Pricy to Be Married Soea,

 

ton — Assignment

Price, MoCorimick & Co., stock, grain and cote
ton brokers at 70 Broadway, and with more
branches scattered over the country than any
other commission house in the United States,
made a general astignment yesterday morning
for the benefit of creditors, The aross Habilie
ties are estimated at $15,000,000, nearly all of
which are said to be well secured, No states
ment of assets has been made. William Je
Curtis of the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwellg
45 Wall street, is the assignee. The chief cause
of the fuliure was the attempt to bull e decline
ing cotton market by enormous purchases im
all the cotton centres of the United States and
in Liverpool, The effect of the failure on the
cotton market here was almost a panic and the
largest sales for many months were madeg
May cotton dropped 78 points; June, 46; July,
45; August, 18, while the next crop dropped
from 11 to J4 points. At the clos» of business
the sules of the day were estimated at 1,000,000
bales

The firm of Price, McCormick & Co, was ore
ganized on March 18, 1805, and is composed off
Theodore H. Price, William G, McCormick, @
nephew of the late Cyrus MeCormick off
Chicago; Ralpli G, M, Stuart-Wortley, a sone,
in-law of Rear Admiral Schley; and Walter W,
Price. George Crocker of San Franetsco and

| New York is a special partner for $500,000. The

failure of the jira was more of a surprise to
Wall Street than it was to cotton men. Shortly
after the opening of the stock market a rumom
went flying up and down the Street that one of”
the big firms was in trouble, This set the:
majority of the operators to guessing. A few
attached the name of Price, MeCormick & Co.
to the rumor and evinced no surprise when the;
failure was officially announced on the Stocks:
Cotton and, Produce exchanges shortly before
1 o'clock

The efiect on the Produce Exchange wag
practically nil, asthe frm has done little busted
ness there for some time, On the Stock Exe
change the failure was discounted before it was
officially announced, It was evidently suse
pected there which the weak house was, for
near the close of the first hour there was rather
heavy selling; rumored to be for the account of
Price, McCormick & Co., and this selling caused
a drop in prices of from 1 to 2 per cent.
Shortly after the announcement of the failure,
when everybody knew who was meant, Stoclg
Exchange prices rallied sharply under the influe:
enoe of purchases to oover shorts.

It was on the Cotton Exchango that the dise,
turbance camo, Just before the announcee
ment August cotton was selling at 8.53, which
was the high price of the day. Immediately
after the announcement a roar went up from
the traders around the little pit that might have
been heard on Staten Island. While the
traders were roaring and pulling and:
hauling, down went the price of cotton,
The first price that anybody vould hear
was 840 for August, and.everybody wanted
tosell. Thendown {t went to 8.25, which proved
to be the low-water mark, At theclose there
was a siight rally, and when the rap of the
President's gavel proclaimed that the business
of the day was over the cotton brokers sat down
to figure out Just wherethey were “at” and talig
jtover. When the atmosphere had oleared &
bit the general sentiment seemed to find exe
preasionin the remark of one old trader, wha
sald:

“Why the dovil couldn't we have seen that
this was coming? If we hadn't been Just plain!
barnyard {idiots we would have seen itand
more of us would have made our pile.”

This was what most of the cotton traders

seemed to think {f they didn’t sayso, Eves!
since last August the cperations of Price, Moai
Cormick & Co. have kept the cotton traders ine’
terested and lately these operations bave dame.
zied them, The firm name was usual iy used ;
when the operations were spoken of, bu.
to the cotton traders the cotton trans
sactions of Price, McCormick & Co, meand.
ever and always the trading of | Theos.
dore H. Price, It was known on the ere
change that he was the cotton expert of the:
firm; itwas known that he had planned the.
which the firm had made and los®

    

| money for nearly a year and he was commonly ,

spoken of as the greatest cotton trader since
the days of John Inman

Mr. Price, as well as all the other members of

| his firtn, was beyond the reach of Interviewers

| to tl

yesterday und, therefore, the story of the,
causes of the foetiure had to come from those °
who have known theiman and closely watched
his operations for many months According t
theee nen, the acheme of operations whioh |
irin’s downfall savored almost too much |
of romance to be a plain tale of the Street. .
Thesestories say that Mr. Price began last.
Auvustto cipher on the cotten market. He.
hadbeen doing this for vears-—-tn fact, ever
se{nee ha was a voung man tn an office in Nore
folk, Va. This tine, however, he purposed to .
cipher on a greater ecale, He eonsultad crop
rts and the figures of statisticians as to the
visible supply of cotton throughout the world,
Then he eiphered out hew much raw edtton the
spinners Would use and having wot all hig®

  

  

' figures together, he made deduetions, there

night from the State election indicate that the |
call for a Constitutional convention has carried |

by a safe majority, perhaps 10,900, Rain feil
all over the State and not more than a half vote

was polled

 

The Democrats carried the municipal elecs
tlonsinallthetowns The only o; i
Richmond was in Jackson ward, lore
Republican stronghold, and the indi ns are
that the Democrats have electad the entire
ticket

Woman Fortune Teller Sent to Prison,

PitLADELPHIA, May 24.—Judge Biddle to-day
in imposing sentence on Helen Williams, alias
Madame June, a fortune teller, said he ine
tended to make the punishment so seve
the practice of obtainine money f
eredulous by the pretence of being
regulate affairs in persons’ lives, to influen
with “spell individuais, and to foreteil t
ture, would be found unprofitable The
v man WAS BT tenced to

 

  

one vear in th
county prison and to pay a fine of 8100

Drawn Under and Suffocated in Malt.

Peter Smith, aged Street,
Newark, went to sleep yesterday afternoonina
malt bininthe F.G. Van Vilet. Malting Com-

iny's building in Con reial Strect, Newars
Gust before 8. clock a chute was opened att
bottom of the bin and Smith was drawn under
the grain and ayffocated. Ilia body was recov.
ered two hours later when other workmen wer
sent to find (he reason of the stoppage of the
low.

56,of 20 Cherry

Right at Your liaad
Is Grand Central Station of the New York
with a through train every hour Hesery
made a month in advance, Trains atall hours
time tabdle.—Ade,
4

 

 

pi tour tra A
ec | ele, which may be procused of al Locket ageniq=
&

|
poor people small patches of land on which to | a

sultol which persuaded hin beyond the pose
sibility of changing that the supply of cotton
would be below the demand and that the price!
tton must go up,

After he had come to this conclusion the ate
tention of cotton men both in this country and :
in Kurope was attracted oy the communica. |
tions which Price, McCormick ‘o. sent all -
over the country, The firm established @ cone
nection with three or feur thousand — co
respondents all over the cotton belt and a
vised the holding of cotton for higher prices. ’
Telegrams and postal cards followed t
communications ordering the pure aso oF
thousands of bales of cotton at prices fangin,
from 5% centa to 64 cents, Sopplies abr
were pot large, the manufacturers of cotton
goods there refusing to believe that the cotton
crop Was ehort, They found later, however,
that Mr. Price had ciphered correctly and in
January they began to bur. Price, MeCormick
& Co. had the cotton toselland they sold it at
prices ranging from ® oents to 0'4 cents. Ie
waseald thatasaresultof those transactions
the tirm had cleaned up something like
$1,000,000 and Theodore IL. Price was pointed
to as the shrewdesi trad {n cotton this
cr

 

 

167 ith
untry had sean in many a day.

I), February, according to the stories told yese
terday, Mr. Price te ok op Lis pencil and began
to cipher awaln, He ciphered out that thespine
ners. Liverpool would nee! so much cotton to
suppl demand tor cotton, gooda which the
ca d were pouring in from all over the
pire, that the epinners inthe United
{ need so many more thousand
st thesupply would be ao and so,
over all of his fgutes carefully

  

 

Then he we

| and, neoording to the tales of the cotton traders,
he eaia
"Those areright. Therecan be vo mistake,
Cotton wile ta lo cents.”
andso he is triends, and so the ade

 

went broadcast all over the
w hea eould have made the mir
ke he is thought to have made the second
methe cotton traders don't pretend to say.
‘y}, they would probably
ng his pratees more loudly than

He foiled, and the come
Cotton Exchange yesterday

   

views of
eonntry.
t
{
Wi
r

ad he heen <iccoes

ww he «ir

 

  

 

    

    

 

   

a fn ust have gone dait At

’ es 1 spinners this country
it Id have to have the cotton
th lrice thong they would have to
h ine they had diffientty wetting rid
of ufdetured product they had
oF nds Thee t center cotton goods,
like the TL BR. Claft anyvandothers, were
reg ltot a1 i, at all events,
the erer bu gt n goods The cote
1 1 med to ben rin lie same cone
dit -Mr. Gates sald th sterol trode was
when he ordered the mil f the American
Steeland Wite Company to beehut down, Bee
sides all this, and this wae « ething thae Mr,
Change of Schedule on the Pennsvivantah BR,

\ gener hange t { f trainsef the
I n t é ry

 

     

be
mad th ier i ask for anew time

Sr rere oa