Exe

is, 16
old,
near

t and

D face
and

jonally
doze

ing the
lorpes
most

Ppedoes

et

s hand
he rose
it a big

reams

rd the
was ale
on the
ee boy
almos
eat 7
ly been

he Klee
rd and

broke
pivernal
He an

nh limbs,
eother
s. The
d done

th pre
ile I was
caused
fd began
mbness
e\l ever
ep, but

lack of
now he
we both
peculiar
t coffee
he i o8-

rfeetly

head-
nd how
Atinuing
made

a head-
ates of
UB

 

 

 

 

 

    

  

mAILOWSS EASY $10,000,
FR COLER COLLECTED THE

prrowl. HERITANCE TAX

pig smiTn IN

pid-Hut Assemblyman Fal-

OF THO ot sto Europe With $10,000
oe the State for Collecting It—''Whole
poem Appraisers’ Law & Job,” Saye Coler.

an Edward H. Fallows went to

a few dave after the payment made to

ne he state Comptroller for his services in

er ” tt a» State’ taxon the $40,000,000 per-

- Sa this countty of the late George

ee eae which itisreported amounted

a a He is expected to return to New

ee are week of June. News of the

ea oft a payment to Mr Fallows became
so ya tow days ago and there has been
cae talk about town aince then over

a, of the fee, for it was supposed here

- pe ler Coler had discovered the per-

- iad hera and had collected the Inhert-

eee tax. The Comptroller was asked yea-

cede about the matter and:he replied:

“we thought that we collected it. "
presaed for a more expliclt statement, a
“This whole State Appraisers’ law isa "

anyway-—a political Job We go nhead and °

our duty as laid down by the law and collect

taxesand if the estate 1s big enough to
ao an attorney's fee an attorney turns up,
in inted by the State Comptroller, But that

Oke State Comptroller's business, 80 ne

ghould Interview him aboutit. He makes the

ementa without consulting this office.
Feeney Comptrollers used sometimes to
ae t the Comptroller's office here as tothe
Cone on ot these taxes, but that ts not done
Cee T believe that it they would let this
and the Surrogate’s office alone we coulk
feony a0 to SO per cent. more taxes But

Asserably 10)

 

a

  

collect fro
hole thing is a Joo

the We iowa did What he was called upon to
do well and Igave him a@ letter to the State
Comptrolier to that effect, if, any, one
does any work I'm always ready to e

them credit for.it. Mr. Fallows did what there
was for hi todo, somecleaning up, and he waa

titled to be paid for it. We expected that he
a i a paid: but wedid not expect that he
wou And as] understand it

d be paid $10,000
that S hothis whole fea, but a payment on c=
count

“allows’s law partner, Samuel T Carter,

asad ths rere bt it should not be the

‘hlies business what fee an attorney got, as
that sh ud be regarded as a private matter of
theattorney . Lf the matter was to be public,
however, he thought that there could be no fair
criticiam of the reported amount paid to Mr.
Fallows, as any lawyer in the city collectin
puch asum as approximately $2,000,000 woulc
charge much more than $10,000 for the
work, as Mr. Fallows would in the
case of a private client, he said. The asseased
tax was $2,146,582 16, and payment having
been made within six months the actual amount
{ was $1,034,753.07, a rebate of 6 per
ing alowed for payment within that
Mr. Carter said that it was the inten-
the heira to fight the collection of the in-
ance tax and tocarry the fleht tothe Court

eals. They contended, he said, that the

United States bonds were exempt, and that the
$8,000,000 or $8,000,000 (he did not recall the ex-

act figure at the moment) paid by the estate to
the Fowliah Government under its inheritance
tax JAW should come out of the taxable estate

here. Mr. Fallows, he said, induced them to

make the full payment required within the six
months perod and abandon the threatened
contest, and for all his services he waa entitled,
{n the opinion of Mr. Carter, to even & larger
fee. It was, however, Mr. Carter said, a per-
gona! matter of Mr Fallows, not a firm affair,
and just what Mr Fallows would care to say

boutithe was unable to sav
: It isthe understanding here that only by di-
rect and prompt action of Comptroller Coler was
the tax upon the Smith estate collected. Itis said
that Mr. Coler found the securities which were
subject to the tax and that had he not known
woeretolook for them they {n all. probability
would not have been found. Mr. Coler, admit-
ted yesterday that he had interviewed the own-
ers before Mr. Fallows saw them, that the hold-
{ngs had been acknowledged and that he, the
Comptroller, had been asked how much he
wanted and that he had given the information
asked for.

ANTI-BALOON LEAGUB.

   
 

   

 
  

   

 

 

 

President McKinley’s Attitude on the Army
Canteen the Subject of Inquiry.

CH10400, May 24.—-Thirty States were repre-

tented at the annual convention of the

American = Antt-Saloon League, which
opened in the Young Men's Christian
Association building to-day. President

Veckinley’s attitude on the liquor question was
the principal topic of discussion. After the
address of President Hiram Price and the re-
porta of superintendents the Rev. H.
Abrams of Iowa asked: .

*Whatcan you teil us; Mr. President, of the
of President McKinley on the liquor
on?’
eotions were made aa to the timeliness
query, but President Price overruled
themand said

‘lsat for years. by the aide of William
McKinley in the House of Representatives
and know him for a very pure and
cean man. My opinion is that he {6 a
practical temperance man, [ have, however,
eangreatly surprised to findthat he did not
tiise the arm of the Government and crush the
liquor traffic so far as he wasable. From what
Iknow of him asayman I must suspend my
{idenent until I hear further. No man in
i uanlngton do I honor more than President

eKiniey,"*

Tne Rev. Howard A. Russell, General Super-
{ntendent, provoked great cheering when he
Announced the receiptof a telegram from
the Rev E. C. Dinwiddie, the league's
representative at Washington, stating that
the House Committee on Military Affairs had
voted to recommend the passage of an anti-can-
teen measure, a bill which was framed and had
been pushed by Mr. Dinwiddie.

Inthe general afternoon session five-minute
Teports of progress were made by 8S. F. Nich-
olson for Maryland andthe Rev. Alfred Moon
ne Massachusetts Tota) Abstinence So-
ciety.

  
 

 

 

  
     

SENATOR FORAKER DEPENDS TRUSTS.

 

 

He Says They Are the Result of the Demand
for Economic Production.

Couryavs, Ohio, May 24.—Senator Foraker
to-day made a striking defence of trusts in his
arguinents before the Supreme Court in the
cise of the State vs, the Continental Tobacco
Company

Speeial Counsel Smith W. Bennett

y-Creneral’s office had made the
8 corporation in question was de-
J Loperatiigy in Ohio under section 3
OF article MILL of the State Consutution, which
rovides a mandatory double lability for stock-
holders. Undor the company's New Jeraey in-
Porporation uo stockholders lability is provided,
US is ah eatirely new proposition, and has
never heen riised before

Senator Foraker dismissed this feature by

   

  

the ie contention that the publie policy
eee ae be determined by the exist-
ng which was to admit such eor-

    

He vigorously insisted that capital-
Lon ond nations were necessary to the promo-
— " ndustrial development, and that truste
an the results of the imperative demand for
i nomic fuetion, permitting American
Ant as mr to compete with foreign pro-

. acer pointing in substantiation of his argue
i i bo roent sales of locomotives in England,
midge mate in Revpt and steel raila in Si-
pone Cor ng, he showed that there had
ation tn Ohio by this concern,

ly no infraction of the Anti-

-_—— LL

(ROTON DAM STRIKERS FREED.

ire

    

  

1 nO comt

| onsequent
Trust law ' P

 

They and Their Friends Celebrate the Acquit-
tal With a Plente,

- NITE PLatns, May 24.—The jury in the case
oF the Croton Dam strikers {ndioted for riot,
@ndon trial hefore Judge Lent in the County
for the last four days, after an hour's

iis afternoon returned a verdict
When the verdict was brought
Were about two hundred and fifty

Italians tn th

 

*FATION th
Of nor guilt

In there

 

Asia a * court room. They crowded

Biovoric eg pUtymen, falling on their knees and

Tesiore land essings upon them. Order was

Brae, 1? then Judge Lent discharged the
W t} ; ,

Hous 'n@ strikers got outsideof the Court

   

ti act ds they held an informal recep-

fi. i ved snail American and Italian
nof acquittal they hadin-
14 to White Plains to-day
down Railroad avenue, led by
© The strike leader, who exhibited
' Dills and distributed the crowd
, 4) restaurants Then they had an
p to Silver Lake Park, where they
Pestor the day in dancing, singing

 

 

 

andd nking

BUFFALO PoUNDRIES SHUT DOWN.

Tw
° Thousand Moulders and Core Makers Go
Out on Strike,

Z lly ms May 34 Kulfalo foundries are tied
Which was 2 hy “ers” and core makerg! strike,
Dearic + irried out as ordered vesterday,
falo isa, queen {men quitting work. Buf-

  
  
  

Gry

thern 4

votre and many loeal foun
Wide reputations. Among
Petts, Buffalo | ‘0 Pitts Company, Farrar &
Tron Works ty Jj ree Company, the Howard
Qnd yy Wash ne wiht Ene Engineering Works
thus dwn by ng 60 lron Works They are all
wae n indore nol the strike, Last night
Dd

n indorsed the actic
HY 40 Calung out the teen suslaens AGTH

 

a

————

———

QUIBT DAY IN ST, LOUIS STRIKE,

Some More Cars Ron During the Day, but
None at Night.

St. Lovis, Mo., May 24.--The seventeenth day
of the strike finda an improvement in the gen-
eral situation. This afterpoon, for the first
time since the strike started, the line tothe
barracks was opened, four electric cars pre-
ceded by a sprinkler being sent over the road,
There were four policemen on each car and
progress was slow, as every hundred yards or
so in the southern part of the city obstructions
had to be removed from the trolley wire.

The known casualties during the strike are
8 killed, 17 shot and 31 otherwise wounded
In addition a number of strikers have been
shot, but have been spirited away by friends,
and their injuries not reported

Postmaster Baumhoff haa reported to the
District Attorney that the Federal injunction
has been violated, but no further action has
been taken by Federal officials, Marshal Bohie
not having received authority from the
Attorney-General to awear in deputies. The
Federal Grand Jury, which was investigating
interference with mail cars, was discharged this
eventng, failing to Ond any indictments.

Gov. Stevens came down from the capital to
look into the situation, and pronounces the
trouble all over, yet a quarter of a million
people have to walk home avery day as a result
of the strike. Noattempt will be made to run
night cars at present.

NO STRIKES FOR IRON MOULDERS,

 

 

 

All Matters in Dispute Must Be Settled by
Arbitration.

The terms on which the disputed points be-
tween the Paterson, N. J., iron moulders and
their employers were settled in this city on
Tuesday by the joint Arbitration Board of the
National Foundrymen's Association and the
New York District of the Iron Moulders’ Union

of North America, were made public yester- |

day. It was agreed that the Paterson machin-
jets should get the minimum wages of $2.50a

day for. work at the bench and $2.65 for work
on the floor, the latter being 10 cents a day less
than the original demands. Members of the

unionin Paterson who refuse to Sooeps these |
t

terms will be suspended, as the committee had
full power to act.

William A. Perrine, walking delegate of the
New York District of the Iron Moulders’ Union,
which takes in Paterson, said yesterdiy that
some of the Paterson iron moulders work as
silk weavers when their trade is slack. Perrine
also said that by an agreement reached some
time ago between the National Foundrymen’s

Association and the Iron Moulders’ Union of
North America all matters in dispute must

be settled by arbitration and no strikes are al-
lowed to enforce demands. A week or two ago
alocal union in Pennaylvania was suspended
because {ta members went out on a sympa-
thetic strike,

 

$1.40 A DAY FOR TUNNEL DIGGERS.

Contractor McCabe Says 100,000 Men Can
Be Got at That Rate.

J. F. MoCabe, who ts associated with his
brother, L. B. MoCabe, tn the work of building
the Washington Heighta section of the Rapid
Transit tunnel, had this to say yesterday about
the “strike of a few of his diggers at Broad-
way and 156th street for $2 a day:

“This ts the first I have heard of it. If it
were true, it would give us no concern, for there
are only eight men employed there at present.
I want to say with emphasis that $1.50 a day ts
all that our laborers will get. At that price I
can put 100,000 men at work In_a month. The
Italian |abor agencies have offered us more
men than we shall need at $1 25a day, but we
have refused to take them for two reasons
First, we want only the best men, and therefore
we prefer to pay the higher rate. Secondly,
our contract requires that men shall be eni-
ployed at the prevailing rate of wages, and, in
or.jer to be on the safe side, we prefer to {nter-
pret that as meaning $1.50 a day. I'dlike to
say, though, that as faras we can find out, the
prevailing rate {s $1.25. All the sewer con-
tractors who are working near our excavation
are paying that amount.”

 

LABOR TROUBLE AT ELLIS ISLAND.

Plasterers’ Union Will Complain to the VU. 8.
Attorney for This District.

At this week's meeting of the Building Trades
section of the Central Federated Union a letter
from H. A. Taylor, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, was read in reply to a complaint that
plasterers were made to work more than eight
hours a day on Ellis Island. Mr. Taylor aaid
that though the contract calls for an eight-hour
workday, the enforcement of the law did not
rest with the Treasury Department, and quoted
an opinion of the Attorney-General to that
effect. He added:

“If, however, you have possible {nformation
of the violation of the law, the United States
attorney for the southern district of New York
will doubtiess take proper action {f the matter
1s brought to his attention by the parties

grieved.”’

he Plasterers’ Union decided to look up
proofs of thecharge and take the complaint to
the United States attorney for the district

_—

BILLET HILLS

 

 

SHUT DOWN,

 

Part of the Plant of the Mlinots Steel Com-
Pany in Jollet Closed.

Joniet, Tl, May 24---Nearly one thousand
men were thrown out of work at noon to-day
when the Converter and Billet Mills of the
Iilnols Steel Company were closed indefinitely,

Only the blast furnaces and merchant mills are
now running. It issaid that the closing of the
tin plate mills of the Great Western Company,
on account of a strike, is responsible for the
shut-down of the Illinois Company's billet
mills to-day.

The mills of the Federal Steel Company tn
this city are stillrunning, but {t ts announced
unofficially that all departments will be closed
down next week indefinitely. Several depart-
menta of the mill have been working only a few
men fora inonth. The local offiesrs wall not
give out any information regarding the future

STRIKE ON BUFFALO POST OFFICE.
The Strikers Demand That Work on the Bulld-
fog Be Unionized.

Burrao, May 244.—About 500 unton men em-
ployed on the new Post Office thia morning be-
gan what promises to be a big strike. Two
hundred of the strikers are classed as akilled

laborers. They include carpenters, plumbers,
ateamfitters, plasterers, laters, bricklayers,
fron workers, electriclans and engineers, The
strikers demand that the work be unionized
throughout. They say that at present there
are a number of non-union carpenters and la-
borers at work on the building, and that the
contractors have lgnered their request that
these men be either dismissed or compelled to
join the ranks of organized labor.

Amalgamated Wage Scale Demands,

INDIANAPOLIS, May 24.—-The convention of
Tron, Steel and Tin Workers spent the day in
considering the scale and that branch relating
to puddlers was adopted. The present scale
{s based on a minimuin of $5 a ton for bar fron.
The new scale raised the base to $6 50 and the
card rate to one andone-half centsaton. Thetin
plate seale will be advanced about 10 per cent,
though some of the lodges are demanding
more. The sheet mill labor is now paid for by
the day and the average earnings are about
$2.40aday, An advance of 20 per cent, on
these wages is demanded,

 

Small Strike of Tunnel Workmen,

The places of seven laborers, employed by
Snb-contractors L. B. McCabe & Brothers in ex-
cavating for the Rapid Transit Tunnel at 157th
street and Broadway, who struck on Tuesday
for $2a day, were filled yesterday. It was al-
leged by the strikers that they received from
$1 355 to $1 50aday. L. B. MeCabe of the firm
aaid yesterday that they were just getting
ready for the work and the strike did not
amount to anything.

More Cigarmakers Strike.

The cigarmakers employed by Eck & Co,
First avenue between Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-eighth streets, were ordered on strike
by the union yesterday. It was alleged that
the firm was making cigars for some of the
other manufacturers whose cigarmakers were
onstrike, About one hundred quit work,

The State Now Has Title to the State Fair
Grounds,

ALBANY, May 24. The deeds transferring the
interest of the Syracuse promoters of the State
Fair grounds in Syracuse to the State under
the new régime were filed with State Comp.
troller Morgan to-day. The State Fair Com-
mission appointed by the Governor under the
act passed by the Jast Legislature purchased
the holdings of the Syracuse parties for $10,-
000. Nowthat title to the State Fair grounds
lies with the Stare the State Falr approprii-
tion of $126,000 made by the last Legislature be-
comes available. There is a mortage of 850,-
000 on the Fair grounds, and this the State has
assumed and will pay the interest on it June 4d,

O'Neill's Suits for Girls and Misses.

They offer exceptional values to-day and tomorrow,
See their advertisement 6thav., 2utb bo 2lst sk—
ads.

 

 

(rrr SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS

THE SUN,

WOULDN'T INDORSE BRYAN,

—_——

ONLY ADVOCATE OF THE REso1v.
TION WAS WARDEN HAYBs,

The Brooklyn Democratic Kxeoutive Commtt-
tee Almost Unanimously Voto to Table It
~—Mr, UWernard J. York Characterizes
the Resolution as ‘Cheap Buacomb,”

A meeting of the Executive Committee of
the Democratic organization to Brooklyn was
held last night at the headquarters in the
Thomas Jefferson. Although the spectal busi-
ness on hand was merely the fixing of the date
for the Assembly conventions for the election
of three delegates and alternates from each
to the State Convention, there was an unusually
large attendance, indicating that something
of more importance was in the wind. This
impreasion was strengthened when James Shee-
lin, who ia not a member of the committes,
but holds the high post of ohief of staff to
Hugh McLaughlin, arrived and held a long
preliminary conference in the inner sanctum
with Bridge Commissioner John L. Shea, ohair-
man of the Executive Committee, and President
of the Police Board Bernard J. York, the repre-
sentative of the Eleventh Assembly district. In
calling the roll of the committee, the secretary
omitted the Ninth district, in which there is a
vacancy owing to the expulsion of Senator
Michael J. Coffey from the councils of the party
for disloyalty in the last campaign. Coffey was
not far away, however, being with some friends
in the restaurant in the basement.

On motion of Mr. York, it was voted that the
Assembly conventions be held next Monday

night.
“Ig there any other business?” asked Chair-

man Shea.

After a long pause, Mr. Patrick Hayes, the
Warden of the Penitentiary and the leader
in the Fifth Assembly district, arose and moved
that a resolution indorsing Bryan which he
had offered at a meeting of the General Com-
mittee and which was referred by the body
to the Executive Committee be taken up for
consideration, No one appearing anxious to
second Mr. Hayes’s motion Mr. York did so,
as he explained, for the purpose of getting it
before the Committee The resolution which
was as follows, was then read 7

"Resolved, that the Democratie County Come
mittee of Kings county declares itself faith-
ful to the platform ot the Democratic National
Convention of 1898; proclaims its loyalty to
William Jennings Bryan as the national leader
of the Democratic party and repudiates the
pretensions of any man or set of men to place
this Committee in any light inconsistent with
this proposition.”

Mr. York immediately took the floor and
turning sharply toward Mr Hayes denounced
the resolution as “cheap buncombe.” He said:

“There is no rule of political life which re-
requires an. organization of Democrats to
proclaim its loyalty. It is no part of the busi-
ness of Democratic bodies like this to make
a platform for the National Convention, or
to declare its fealitv to any particular indl-
vidual, especially when_ he I not a citl-
zen of the state It ts not fitting or
proper that this committee should take any
action in a matter of this knd in advance of
the Democratic Convention of the State of
New York. It is not right for any man to

rcheap buncombe like this, so that the at-
tention of the committee may be called to
something which is not up to it and with which
it has nothing whatever to do at this time
There {s no hostility in this county to the na-
tional Democracy. Such a sentiment would
be hostile to anything that is part or parcel
of the men, who direct the Kings county
organization. All these questions will be
determined in the proper way. There is no
question of our regularity and of our eub-
mission to anything that is regular.”

Then, drawing along breath, Mr. York added:

“I move to lay the resolution on the table for-
ever”

Secretary of the General Committee Frank
E. © Reilly seconded the motion, It was gener-
ally supposed that Mr. Hayes would make a re-
joinder toMr, York's invective, and would say
something in glorification of William Jennings
Bryan, and many eves were turned in his direo-
tion, He remained mute, however, smiling
grimly and stroking his full beard,

The Bryan resolution was then thoroughly
squelched, all the committeemen yoting to lay
{ton the table with the exception of Mr, Hayes,
who voted no

Senator Coffey was promptly notified by
friends of the action taken, and tt ts said he re-

arded {t as a substantial benefit to him tn bis
ritter flight with the babs partes street régime,
as he has made a special appeal for support to
the Bryan element in the organization,

 

 

 

 

 

WITHERBEE SAYS NO, THANK YOU,

Couldn't Accept the Presidency of the County
Committee—A Quigg Petition.

The Hon. Frank 8. Witherbee of Port Henry,
formerly Republican National Commi{tteeman
for the State of New York, said last night at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel:

“I greatly appreciate the compliment that
has been givento me tn mentioning my name
as President of the New York Republican
County Committee. I could not aceept the
place because all of my people are residenta of
Essex county, and I am a resident of Essex
county, and I would not care to change my res-
{dence for the purpose of accepting even the
high honor of becoming Presidentof the New
York Republican County Conmittee. Ido not
understand how my name happened to be men-
tioned, but Lean assure allot my friends that I
greatly appreciate the compliment.”

Senator Plattis expected tobe in town to-
nicht. He willbe aceompanied this thie, it ts
said, by Mrs. Platt, who lias not been well and
has been recuperating at Atlantic City. Noth-
ing definite will be determined as to the suc
cessor of President Quigg until the arrival of
Chairman Odell, of the State Committee. A
very eminent Republicanin New York county
said Inet night that there is now being’ circu-
Jated among the Republican Assembly district
leaders a paper which is in the nature of a peti-
tion to Senator Platt asking that Mr. Quige be
retained as President of the County Come
mittee,

    

 

 

HILL TO BE HERE TO-DAY,

Just How Enthustastic for Bryan Should the
State Convention Be?

The Hon. David B. Hill will be at the Hoff-
man House to-night, and possibly the Hon.
Fdward Murphy, Jr., of Troy will be there.
Mr. Hill and his friends in Tarnmany Hall and
the Kings County Democracy are likely to have
some talk together before the assembling of
the Democratic State Convention in the
Academy of Music on June 5. The mafority
of Mr. Hill's triends, and, it may be stated,
a number of others who have not always beep
in alfiliation with Mr. Hill, do not belleve that
the Democratic State Convention ought to re-
affirm the Deniweratic national platformof 1896,
or that it_is absolutely necessary to tell how
much the Democracy of the Stateof New York
believes in the Hon, William Jennings Bryan
of Nebraska, Stal, there is a good deal of poll-
ties going on among the Democrats,and it
was said last night that as Mr, Hill is in con-
trol of the present situation In New York State,
all sorts of things are possible,

SOUTH DAKOTA REPUBLICANS,
State Ticket Named and the McKinley Ad-
ministration Indorsed,

Sioux Fauus,S. D, May 24.—South Dakota
Republicans were in State convention all night.
This State ticket was named: Governor, C. N.
Herreid; Lieutenant-Governor, George W
Snow; Secretary of State, O. C. Berg. For
Congress, ©. H. Burke of Pierce and BE. W.
Martin of Deadwood were nominated

Del tea to the National Convention were
chosen and re-olations indorsing the Republi-
can Adiuinistration and MeKinley’s Philippine
policy were a loptec

A leature of the convention was the speech
of Bartlett ‘Tripp, Minister to Austria under
Cleveland, member ol the Samoan Commission
and brother-in-law of Senator C, K. Davis, who
declared himself a Kepublican and an ardent
admirer of President Melkinley and bis Philip-
pine policy, Ho 1. Loucks, former leader of
the Populists of South Dakota and a candidate
for the United State Senate four years ago, was
a delegate to the convention,

 

 

CHICAGO PLATFORM "REAFFIRMED,

Action of the Regalar Democratic Convention
of Allegany County,

HoLrvar, N.Y., May 24.-The regular Demo-
cratic Convention of Allegany county at Cuba
this afternoon reaffirmed the Chicago plat-
form and atood for the renomination of Bryan.
The factional fht, which originated in the
County Committee meeting recently, has spread
alloverthe county. The inaurmenee bwil hold
A county convention on May 31, and elect State
delegates and the contest willbe fought out in
State Convention. Theflghtin the county ts
for the control of the parts machinery. The
insurgents meintain that Supervisor Homer
Biitort, chairman of the regular organization
County Committee, is not red hot enough for
free silver, though he has been a stanch Dem-
ocrat all his liteand is strong supporter of
Bryan

 

Congressman Crump Renominated,
BAGINAW, Mich, May 24.-Roswell 0. Crump

was unanimously renominated to-day for

Congress by the Republica { the Cit
dawion wep ns 0) Bay y

     

ss ‘ ee eee

ANTI-ASH BRIDE

 

MEETING,

 

Police Protection for the Pro Wanamaker
Meeting —Heavy Fine fora Trife,

Pur.apeurnia, May 24. -Although Director
of Public Safety Abraham L. English to-day
{jasued a letter in which he condemned the action
of a policeman who last night arrested Charles
Willfams, a musictan, who recently came here
from New York, for, a8 the patrolman alleges,
distributing tickets for the mass meeting to be
held to-morrow night to condemn the action of
the Director in threatening Jolin Wanamaker,
Magistrate Wilhere thought the offence was of
suMflclent gravity to warrant a fine of $20 and
costs, Williams was not able to pay the fine

and was allowed to leave the station house,
strict injunctions being given to him, however,
that he must return and pay the money as soon
as he could get it

The Director has decided that the meeting on

Saturday night shall have the protection of the
»olice ~He has issued an order to the Super-
ntendent that seventy-five patrolmen shall be
sent to the Academy of Music, ponuss, inatruc-
tions being given them that “the meeting muat
have their protection; that rowdyism and un-
seemly conduct will not be permitted, and that
Perfect order must prevail,’

He also {saued another statement disapprov-
ing of the action of the policeman who arrested
Williams, Hesaid that the offence did not
merit arrest, that the man should almply have
been cautioned against throwing the tickets in
the street, and informed that it was against the
law to litter public thoroughfares,

VAN WYCK S NAME CUT OUT,

Bllver Democrats of Gouverneur Refused to
Have It Coupled With That of Bryan.

GovvernerrR, N. Y., May %.—The Demo-
cratio town caucus to choose three delegates to
the First Assembly district convention was
held this evening, The attendance was the
largest in years. The delegates were chosen
anid perfect harmony, which quickly ended

when State Committeeman L. J. Whitney in-
troduced the following resolution:

“That the delegates elected at this caucus be,
and hereby are, instructed to vote for only such
delegates to the State Convention as voted for
Bryan and Van Wyck, and who will use all hon-
orable means to secure the renomination of W.
J. Bryan, and to sustain and support the prin-
ciples which he represents

The silver partisans refused the sop intended
by the resolution, and, having a decided ma-
jority, enjoyed their power. Van Wyek’s name
was cut out and the resolution otherwise
changed, Then a much more lengthy one {tn
dorsing J. 8. Corbin of this village for National
Convention delegate was enthusiastically {n-
dorsed, It was a bitter slap to the sound-
money faction, as he is one of the most prom-
inent silver advocates in this part of the State.

 

 

COLORADO DEMOCRATS AT WAR,

Rivalry of the Candidates for the Senate
Causes a Party Split.

Denver, Col. May 24—The chances
of Republican success {n Colorado this
year have been greatly improved by
a eerfous = aplit in the Demoosatio
ranks. The feud {8 eciused by the

rivalry of a half dozen men who wish to sue-
ceed EC, Wolcott in the Senate, and it is grow-
{ng more bitter. For the time being Chairman
T. J. Maloney of the Arapahoe County Central
Committee and several other aspirants to_the
Senate have pooled interests against Gov
Thomas

The regular committee last night called one
County Convention, and to-day & bolting com-
mittee, organized by the Governor, called
another. Two delegations will be sent to the
State Convention. If the Governor's friends
there are numerous enough to seat his delega-
tion he will undoubtedly be indorsed as the
candidate of the party for United States Sena-
tor; if not, Chairman Maloney may be the man

Asplitin the State Convention ta quite possi-
ble with two delegations to Kansas City and
two Democratic State tickets,

Indiana Democratic Editors Want to Shelve
the Money Question,

INDIANAPOLIS, May 24. — The Democratio
Fadltortal Association of Indiana {a holding {ta
annual meeting here, and nearlyall the country
papers throughout the State are represented,
The most important feature of the meeting is
the unanimity of sentiment among the editors
in favor of dropping the money question for
the present and devoting their energies to the
“more iinportant issues’ inthe campaign. The
memnbers of the association say that the Demo-
cratic constituency In their several counties are
discussing imperialism and trusta to the exclu-
sion of nearly every other question.

 

Mayor Dichi a Delegate to Kansas City.

Brrra.o, May 24.~Mayor Conrad Diehl to-
day was elected a delegate from the Thirty-
second Congress district to the Kansas City
Convention. He did not vote for Rryan in
1808, but with the orher Erle county delegates
will do so thia vear {n the convention. D.C. H.
Anelis the other delegate,

DEATH OF JOHN KING,

 

 

 

He Took Part in the Famous Catalpa Rescue
of Fentan Prisoners in 1876,

John King, ‘father of the House" in the New
Jersey Assernbly, and well known among Trish-
men for the part he played in the famous Ca-
talpa rescue, died on Wednesday in this city
after a lingering filuess. He was born near
Dublinin 1850 While stilla youth he was at-
tracted by stories of the gold mines to New
South Wales It was there in 1876 that he met
John J. Breslin and Thomas Desmond, who
were on their way to rescue six Penians {mpris-
oned at Freemantle, west Australia, for com-
plicity Inthe Irish revolution of 1586, Later,
after the conspirators had arrived at. Freee
mantle, King was intrusted with £800 by the
Australian Fenians to deliver to them. This
done, lis mission was at an_end, but upon
learning the full details of the plot his enthusi-
asin Was so great that he was allowed to act as
mounted rear guard to the prisoners in their
flight trom Freemantle to the small pier four-
teen miles distant, where Capt, Anthony of the
American bark Catalpa awalted them with his
Whaleboats X

the party were pursued by the police and
reached the whaleboats barely in time to es-
cape. Their troubles did not end here, how-
ever, for the next morning the Catalpa was
challenged by the armed British steamer
Georgette, and it was only by an appeal to the
American flag that the Yankee captain was able
to set sail unmolested .

Vpon his arrival in this country King settled
down quietly in the grocery business in Pas-
saic, N.4. Fleserved nine terms in the State
Assembly asa Republican. He was an active
supporter of James G. Blaine in the Presidential
campaign of 1884, and was one of the men who
helped bring forward the late Vice-President
Garret A. Hobart. A son survives him.

   

 

 

OBITUARY.

Dr. Fessenden Nott Otis of New York city,
and of international reputation, died yester-
day in New Orleans at the advanced age of 75,
He spent the winter in New Orleans
Ile was a frequent attendant at the clinical
lectures in the charity hospital there, where
he caught @ severe cold during a recent cold

spell, which developed into pneumonia, He
recovered from the pneumonia, but a car-
bunele developed from which he died. Dr

Otis was clinical professor in the College of
Physicians and Surgeons of New York from
WA7O up to 1800, when he resigned and took
a long trip abroad, visiting China, Japan and
other Eastern countries. He was born at
Ballston Springs, N. Y., in 1825, and educated
at Union College, He was graduated from
the New York Medical Collewe in 1847

Mrs. Maria M. Giurnmere Parker, widow of
ex-(iov. Joel Parker of New Jersey, died at the
aummer home of her son, Frederick Parker,
at Spring Lake, late on Wednesday night. The
family live in Freehold and had gone to Spring
Lake a few days before for the benefit: of Mrs.
Parker's health. While sitting in a beach pa-
vilion soon atter her arrival she was stricken
with paraivsis. Mrs. Parker was 77 years old
She was born in Burlington, N. J., and was the
daughterof Samuel RK. Gummere,Clerk in Chan-
eery of New Jersey. She was married to Mr
Parker on Der, 21, 1843 She was a member
of the Presbyterian Chureh and was prominent
in foreign missionary work, being President
of the State society for many years.

William P. B. Urick, for many years a publie
achool principal in Newark, died there late on
Wednesday night, leaving a widow and three
children. He had charge of various schools in
Newark from 1a71 to the time of his death, his
last charge being the Hawkins street sehool.
He was a member of the Newark Yaeht Club.

Thomas A. O'Keefe, a publisher and printer
of 48 and 50 Duane street, died on Thursday at
his home, 254 Clinton avenue, Brooklyn, in his
fifty-second year. He was a member of the
Zoman Catholic Orphan Asylum Society and
the Columbian Club. He leaves a widow and
seven children.

Dewitt ©. Gibson of Fort Plain, N. Y., diedin
Troy yesterday, where he had been visiting, at
the age of 75. He was one of the hest-known
horsemen in central New York, and was fre-
quently referred to as “David Harum’'s” double.

 

   

 

Man Who Sent His Soiled Shirt to the Prest-
dent Declared Insane,

Cmicaco, Ill, May 24.- Thomas MeGovern,
who sent his sofled shirt to President McKinley
by mail, “just to show the President whata
dirty city Chicago is,’ was examined as to his
sanity in Judge Carter's court to-day and sent
to the State Asylum for the Insapve at

Kankakee,

-
*

FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1900.

SE

|
|
|

MAY SEE WOOLSON BOOKS,

——————

THE ARBUCKLES WIN A LEGAL TILT
WITH THE HAVEMEYERS,

Judge Pugsley of Toledo Decides That the
Rivals to the Sugar Trust May Inspect the
Spice Company's Books ~The Origin and
Extent of the Litigation § Involved,

ToLepo, Ohio, Mav 24.—The Arbuckles to-
day scored a big victory over the Woolson Spice

Company, which is at present under the

control of the Havemeyers. Judge Pugs-

ley handed down his decision on the
fourdemurrera filed by the Woolson people
completely overruling each and every one at
all points) The Arbuckles have thus been suo-
cessfulin removing all obstacles to an inspeo-
tion of the books of the Woolson Spice Company,

It was thought that Judge Pugsley would
not render his decision until Saturday morning.

This afternoon, however, he discovered that he

could not be in the city and hastily summoning

tne attorneys in the case gave his reasons for
throwing the demurrers out of court. His de-

cision was long and involved several weighty
legal points,

The cases have been widely discussed and are
attracting considerable attention in other cities

 

The dispute dates back to the time the
Arbuckles went into the sugar busi-
ness, They objected to the price the

Havemeyers, who controlled the Sugar Trust,

charged for the sugar used by the Arbuckles

for glazing their coffee and erected a plant of

ae own in order to compete withthe Sugar
rust,

The Havemeyers attempted to retaliate by
buying up the Woolson Spice Company and en-
tering into competition with the Arbuckiles in
the roasting of coffee The Arbuckles managed
to obtain possession of sixty ~hares of Woolson
stock. They lay low for a time and watched
The next step was a suit brought by them
against the Woolson Spice Company. They as-
seried that the stockholders had refused
them the privilege of inspecting the company's
books, that the plant was not being managed in
a manner beneficial to the interests of the stock
holders and that they were not allowed repre-
sentation in the directors’ meetings. ¥
A. H. Brig-

The Woolson Spice company

ham, John H. Doyle and James Secor,
who had been made defendants in the
action, filed separate _demurrers, holding
among a number of things that the
allegations _set forth in the _ petition

were not sufficient to justify a cau-e of action,
The demurrers were heard by Judge Pugsley
tpst week and the hearing occupied several
ays.

 

SLICK THIEF AT A DOCTOR'S,

 

Hit the Doctor's Wife, and When Nabbed
Nearly Got Away by an Old Rase,

Dr. James W. Harris of 229 East 124th etreet
was out on asick call yesterday afternoon when
aman rang his door bell. Mra, Harris went to
the door. The stranger said he had an ap-
pointinent with the doctor and asked permis-
sion to waitfor him. He took a seat in the par-
lor and pretended to read a newspaper. Mrs.
Harris, who didn’t like his looks, carried the
doctor's overcoat and some other things of
value downstairs. As she reached the foot of
the stairs the basement bell began toring. That
gatistied the doctor's wife that the man tn the
parlor was a sneak thief who had a companion

outside She — left the servant on
uard at the basement door and tip
oed upstairs. The visitor was fill-

ing his pockets with instruments from the doo-
poly ease and she ran into the room and grabbed

im

“You're a thief!” she shouted, “and I’m going
to hold you for the police.”

The man struck her, pushed her over a chair,
and freeing himself from her + re ran into the
street, Mra. Harris got up and followed, shout-
ing. "Stop thief!" The servant joined her

Tease Golden of 2277 Third avenue joined
in the chase. The thief ran vo Third avenue,
where a crowd headed him off. Then he
turned back toward Second avenue and darted
into the hallway of a house in the middle of
the block. Golden ran in after him and caught
hirn in the vestibule as he was emptying his
pockets of the articles he had stolen

“I'll go with you quietly,” said the thief, and
Golden led him into the street

Ont on the sidewalk there was a big crowd
waiting. A middle-aged man stepr out of
the throng and asked Golden if he was an officer,
Golden said he wasn't.

“If that’s the case,” sald the stranger, “you
had better let me take him. I'ma detective.”

The stranger grasped the thief by the coat
collar, swore at him and hustled him toward
Second avenue. Golden followed and so did
the crowd, At the corner the “detective” let
the thief go and ran up the avenue. The thief
ran in the opposite direction, and the crowd
again chased them. At 123d street Policeman
McKee caught the thief and took him to the
East 126th street station. He deseribed him-
self as Max Jacobs, 82 rears old, of 80 brankfort
street, Brooklyn. Mrs. Harris identified him
and he was locked up on charges of larceny and
assault. His confederate, who had posed as
the detective, got away

 

IN JAIL INSTFAD OF HIS GRAVE,

 

George Broker, Who Was Indentified as Dead
by His Sister, Turns Out to Be Alive.

Hart¥rorp, Conn., May 24.—Last March
George Broker of Simsbury, left the almshouse
inthiscity, A ticket to his home was given to
hirn by the authoritles of the Charity Depart-
ment. A few days later a body was found
frozen in his back yard and his sister identified
{tus thatof her brother. The remains were

buried The family is one of good standing,
Broker being asort of a black sheep That,
resumably, was the last of Broker. But

sgroker refused to -tay dead, for (o-day Supt
Btillmanof the Board of Charities received word
from Norwich that he was there in the Jacl,
very much alive, His relatives were f{immedi-
ately notified. The sister can hardiy be made
to believe that she made a mistake in theidentl-
fleation, but, on the other hand, the Norwich
authorides Know Broker well because he was
born there and spent much of the early part of
his life there

It appears thatthe Jailer never happened to
hear of Broker's supposed death and the first
that Broker himselt heard of it was when he
Was questioned about it: to-day upon word be-
jng received from Hartford, when he hastened
to deny the rumor, Itis not Known who the
dead man was,

 

 

 

Yound an Astrologist in His Bedroom,

Louis G. Parma, President of the New York
Conservatory of Music at 23 West Forty-second
street, returned to his bedroom in the building
last night after a brief absence and found a
woman there, He locked her in and got @ po-
iceman. Shetoldthe policeman that she was
Ida Jones, an astrologist, and that she bad
gone into the room to get some sleep, She was

locked up —- -——~

 

     

¥ fr (x)
1
ON pete f
They are doomed to so much suffering,
But are they doomed? Is not the sut+
fering the result of conditions which une |
der skillful treatment might be entirely
cured? Thousands of women who had
been great sufferers, have learned that
suffering was unnecessary after using
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It
heals diseases of the deligate womanly
organs and banishes the headache, back-
ache and other aches which are the con-
sequence of these diseases,

" Favorite Prescription” is absolutely a
temperance medicine in the strictest
meaning of the term, It contains no
alcohol and is free from opium, cocaine
and all other narcotics,

“7 wrote you for advice February ath, 1896,"
writes Mrs. Loma Halstead, of Claremore, Cher-
okee Nat., Ind. Ty. "I was racking with pain
from the back of my head down to my heels,
Had hemorthage for weeks at a time, and was
unable to situp forten minutes ata time, You
answered my letter, advised me to use your
valuable medicines, viz.. Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription, ‘Golden Medical Discovery,’ and
*Pleasant Pellets’ also gave advice about in-
jections, baths and diet. To my surprise, in
four months from the time TI began your trecte
ment I was a well woman and have not had the
backache since, and now] put in sixteen hours
@day athard work.”

Sick women are invited to consult Dr,
Pierce by letter free. All corresponds
ence private. Address Dr. R. V, Picsee, |

N. ¥. |

SNe sr rr eee rrr ere SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS Ss SS

SSS SS

| Kast Gulf States

generally fair,

en

  

   

You are
no stronger
than your
stomach

You can strengthen
your stomach if you '
use the new Digestor—

Johnson's Digestive Tablets

LIPTON GETS A LOVING CUP.

PRESENTED BY AMERICAN ADMIRERS
AT A BANQUET IN LONDON.

Challenger for the America’s Cup Praised by
Ambassador Choate—-Urged to Try Again
~Str Thomas Says He Will and Hope to
Baild Fastest Yacht the World Has Seen,

Speciai Cadle Despatch to THE SuN.

Loxpon, May 24.—The loving cup subscribed
for by American friends of Sir Thomas Lipton,
owner of the yacht Shamrock, last year’s cup
challenger, was presented to Sir Thomas ata
banquet at the Hotel Cecil this evening. Mr. J.
TD. Beach presided. The guests, in addition to
the committee appointed to present the cup,
included Ambassador Choate, Consul-General
Osborne, Mr. Warner Miller, ex-Senator Voor-
hees, Admiral the Earl of Clanwilliam, Mr.
Charles Russell and Mr. Martino, the Queen's
painter, who accompanied the Shamrock to
America, After a brief speech, in which he
paid a tribute to Sir Thomas's sportsmanship,
Mr. Beach a-sured him of the friendship and
admiration of the Americans.

Ambassador Choate, in asking Sir Thomas to
accept the cup, assured him that though it was
the gift of American personal friends {t was ao-
companied by the good wishes of all Americans.
They recognized that its recipient was a gallant
champion and a gallant loser, which was a rare
combination. The America’s Cup contest was
avery happy international event. It showed
the true relations between the two peoples,
They were friends and meant to continue as
auch, yet nobody was foolish enough to suppose
that their friendship was going to interfere in
the least with their rivalry. What they had to
watch was thattheir rivalry did not interfere
with their friendship. They meant on both sides
to press their competition as closely as their in-
terests demanded, yet they hoped not to harm
the powerful and friendly relations that wereso
valuable and that had been so long maintained

Mr. Choate added that he dared to say that if
Sir Thomas had won the America’s Cup he
would never have received the loving cup, but
if he had won he believed he would have been
honored and loved as much as when he bore
defeatso nobly. He trusted that Sir Thomas
would remember the maxim “If at first you
don't succeed, try, try again.” This was a
sentiment that was emphatically indorsed by
every American. The Americans liked a good
fighter as they liked a man who bore defeat
with calmness and good nature. If these quali-
ties could be carried into all controversies be-
tween England and America he was sure the
peace and friendship between the two coun-
tries would never be broken

In thanking the committee for the coup Sir
Thomas said he hoped he should not be ex-
pected to be contenteven with that beautiful
work of art. He had every intention again to
try to secure the America’s Cup. He knew,
however, that {norderto win it he must take
to Sandy Hook the best and fastest yacht the

world had ever seen, He meant to do itif it
was within the rangeof possibility. Heasked
the committee to take to the subscribers for the
cup his warmest heartfelt gratitude for their
magnificent evidence Of good will. The recol-
lection of their kindness would remain while
memory lasted

A tonst to President McKinley and other
speeches followed

 

 

PRAISE FROM THE OPPOSITION,

 

Earl of Kimberley Speaks of the Importance
of the Australian Commonwealth Bill,
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Loxpon, May 24.—In aspeech at the Colonial
Club banquet to-night the Earl of Kimberley,
Liberal leader in the House of Lords, said that
although he was an opponent of the Govern-
ment he congratulated the Ministers upon the

great achievement of establishing an Australian
Commonwealth. He declared that there had
never been a greater event in the Empire's
history. ‘The bonds of common interest, com-
mon affection and common ambition thus
founded would constitute a confederation of
free nations such aa never before existed in the
history of the human family.

KILLED IN CRUSH AT ST. PETER'S,

Great Crowd at the Canonization Services of
Two New Satnts,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Row, May 24--The canonization of John

Biptist De La Salle, founder of the order of |

‘ 7 |
Christian Brothers, and Rita da Cascla, a nun |
of the Angustintan order, was celebrated at St. |
Peter's this morning with ereat pomp,

One pilgrim was killed in the crush and many
persons fainted,

The Pope appeared to be in the best of health
At the close of the ceremony there was a great
demonstration outside.

|
|
|
|

 

Sale of Steamship Line Approved.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THF SUN,
Lrverroot, May 24.--The shareholders of the
West India and Pacific Steamship Company
have sanctioned the sale of the com
sets and liabilides to the Leylan
£992,000
Bank of England Discount Rate,
Special Cable Desratchto THE SUN.
Lonpon, May 24- The Bank of England has
reduced its rate of discount to 3% per cent.

ny's as-
line for

The Weather.
The unsettled conditions of cloudy and showrry |
weather drifted eastward over the country east of the
Mississippi River yesterday. Showerswere frequent
in the Ohio and Tennessee valleys and along the
vast from Virginia south,to Florida, alsoin tbe
The low pressure was drawing toa
centre on the coast of North Carolina and moving
eastward. West of the Mississippl the weather was
It was warmer {n most districts In
the Dakotas and Minnesota tt was cooler. The
lowest temperature reported was 4 degrees above
freezing at Williston, VN. D.
the day was cloudy and
fresh, south to southeast;
barometer corrected to

In this elty slightly |
warmer; wind light to
average humidity, 65 per cent
read to sea level atS A. M., 20:95, 3 P. M., 20:98, |
The temperature, as recorded by the oMctal ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer atthe |
|
|
|

street level, is shown in the annexed table

Officials Sun's “OM Nciai—s Sun's.
oo, Lavd. Pade 1000. (889 1900
oA, M64 65 7.°| 6 P. M. 60° 6" 7
mM 70 “4 76° 9 P. M. 467° 57° a7
AP. M.67° 63 73° 12 Mid. 64’ 5a’ s?

WASHINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW

For New England, showers to-day; Saturday partly
cloudy; fresh north to northeast winds

For eastern New York, showers today; Saturday
fair, wis mostly fresh north

For New Jersey. clearing to-day, Saturday fatr
with warmer ti interior, fresh north winds |

For the District of Columbla, eastern Pennsyl-
vanla, Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, clearing to-
day; Saturday fair and warmer; fresh north winds

For western Pennsylvania aod western New York,
paruly cloudy to-day; Saturday fair; variable winds,

 

* Inimitable

Moore tells us thatthe scent ofthe
rose clings to the broken vase

The flavor of

Hunter Rye

is Inimitable

It ls concentrated
from its

Quality
Purity
Age
Aroma

It ts

Mucteaug oo” = Uniform

SOTTULD BY e

eT thal
Beh te ese) Sa It will always be
the leader whiskey
of America

A. B. HART ood FRAWK BORA, Repryeatatives
$s. William &., New ork, +e

Slightly Used

AEOLIANS

& PIANOLAS
at Reduced Prices.

AEOLIAN CO., 18 W. 23rd St.

    

SAPPET CLEANEM.

Estb, 1963, Tel, 1182 88th Bt
Send for Circular,

TM.

STEWART.

as

   

BRONX WANTS HOME RULE,

 

Would Have the Charter Revisers Enlarge the
Borough Powers.

The Charter Revision Commission gave @
publio hearing last night to the people in The
Bronx in the Schnorrer Club's ball at 163d street
and Third avenue. The members of the come
mission were addressed by W. W, Niles, Jr., in
behalf of the Taxpayers’ Alliance: John De
Hart, George J, Grossman, Ernest Hall,
HKorough President Haffen, Charles G. F
Wahie, A. F. Schwanicke, Fredenck E. ward
and Councilman Bernard F. Murray.

The speakers, with hardly an exception,
wanted more home rule for The Bronx, more
power for the borough authorities and more
representation for their taxation.

INCORRIGIBLE AT FIFTEEN,
Two Very Bad Young Girls Taken From @
Broadway Night Resort,

Josephine O'Connor of 140 Weat Sixty-second
street and Irene Keenan of 615 West Filty-ninth
street, each 15 vears old, were taken to the
West Side police court by Gerry agents who
had found them in a night resortin Broadway,
Both were charged with being wayward. The
©'Connor girl, the Gerry agents said, had been
in the Catholic Protectory, but escaped by scals
ing a high fenes. In court the other girl begged
the agwerta to let her smoke just one moreof the
cigarettes she had with her or to be allowed to
have “another drink.” The pair were sent
nok to the society's rooms until to-day, when

t wir parents will be in court

Allee Light, Jam, You Stay One Time,

When the ship Josephus was burned at Baye
onne, Jam, the Chinese steward, came ashore,
He was taken into custody 44 an excluded Chie
nese who hadimproperly landed. All he wanted,
he said, was liberty to bunt up another ship,
ile got a writ of habeas corpus, and yesterday
Judge Addison Brown of the United States Dise
triet Court released bim under a bond to re-
ship within thirty days. “A seaman,” saya
Judge Brown, ‘is not within the Exclusion act
so long as he merely touched here for no other
purpose than to reship as soon as shipping
can be obtained.”

New Classical Fellowship at Harvard,

Camprnipor, Mass, May 24-—-James Loeb, @
graduate of Harvardin the class of ‘88, has ene
dowed the Department of Classies with what ts
to be known as the Charles Eliot Norton fel-
lowshity for studies inthe classical languages,
The fellowship ia to carry with it an annual
stipend of $800) It is to be awarded by a come
mitiee of which Prof, Norton is to be chairman
during his life. A condition of the award is that
the candidate must study in the American
School at Athens and write a monograph or
essay for publication

Mother's Siip of Memory May Kill Polly Reid,
Nine-year-old Polly Reid of 5147 East 134th
atreot went tosea her fourteen-year-old sister
Katie confirmed vesterday at St. Jerome's
Koman Cotholie Churehin 188th street. Their
mother was away at work when they returned,
and she had forgotten to leave a key where
they could get it. Polly started to climb the
tire eseape, slipped and fell. Her skull was
fractured and she cannot recover.
—————

Best Truss ts the Cheapest,

nfort and that feeling of security,

for toenjoy real e
fr tortured by the misconstructed

 

after having been

spring and elastic trusses, {4s incaleulable. By hold-
ing rupture sothat every strain is CHECKED auto-
matically t dur patent truss, We solve a problem
vhieli threatens the health of thousands. Are you
satisfied to Bo about with @ Narmful instrument ia
torture, While We Kuarantee to hold you successfully

Without the use of improper straps or cutting springs

CHAS. CLUTHE CO,,
29 EAST 14TH ST, bet Sth Av. & Union Sq, &
BOOK FREB

 

Pe

ec re