3

= eo ere
. a

Te
-

See

J

      
     
  
 
  

SPOONER IN A CROSS FIRE,

HE SILENCES ALIEN, THE NOISY
“Por GUN OF NEBRASKA,

  

Defines Populism as Opposed to Everything
That Is and in Favor of Everything That
Is Not, Never Has Been and Never Will Be
~Denounces Bryan for Raising the Issue of
Imperialism When There Is No Such
Ivsue Uniess Made for Party Purposes,

Wasninoton, May 24.—The consideration of
the bill relating to the Philippine Islands was
resumed in the Senate to-day, and Mr. Spooner
Cep., Wis bewan the third day’s installnent of
hisspeech in supportofit. He began with are
view of the occurrences immediately preceding
the outbreak of hostilities at Manila, denied the
assertion that they were begun by the Ameri-
can troops, and quoted an order and a letter
written by Aguinaldo a week before the out-
break, going to show that the week and the day
had been fixed by him, that the day was Feb. 5,
1809, and that the outbreak occurred the day
before it was intended

Mr. Spooner quoted a cable despatch from
Gen. Otis as tothe first battle fought with the
{naurrectionists in Manila, and said that he had
this afternoon received a letter from the chief
of the anti-imperialistain Boston charging Gen,
Otis with being @ liar in sending that de-

spateh
Here Mr Allen (Pop. Neb) broke in with the

assertion thatan army offieer (whose name he
would not give) had told bim that Gen, Otts's
6tatement was false

“If this officer,” Mr. Spooner replied,
“charges falsehood on his commanding officer
he should do itin the open.”

“He could not afford it,’ Mr. Allen pleaded,

“Then he ought to shut up,"’ Mr, Spooner ex-
Gaimed, und there was laughter throughout
the chamber

‘There never was atime,’ Mr Spooner con-
tinued, “when the Army of the United States,
as illustrious as is {ts history, was commanded
by more honorable men than those who come
mand it to-day.”

In another part of the speech Mr, Allen broke
in with the remark: “LThave assumed, all the
way through, thatitls possible fora Republi-
Can to tell the truth. | may be mistaken.”

“The Senator ought to know," Mr. Spooner
remarked sarcastically. “Ils wasa@ Republican
long enough.” (Laughter ]

“ET was a Republican,’ Mr. Allen retorted,
“gntil P discovered that Republicanism meant
nothing. | had the manhood, thank God, to leave
that party. The Senator has not done so, thus

far"

“The Senator became a Popullst,”’ Mr.
Bpooner sneered

"Yos, sir,’ Mt
tosay thatthes
Populist platforn

= ’ Mr. Spooner snapped back, “and I
can iitall upin one sentence. You are op-
posed to everything that is, and you are in
favor of everything Chat ia nor, never was and
never willbe’ (Loud and general laughter.)

Mr. Allen said he would not Interrupt the
Benator further, but he proposed to reply to
him afterward

Mr. Spooner was proceeding with his remarks
when Mr. Tillman rose. With an air of mingled
surprise and humor, Mr. Spooner said that he
had not been saying a word about the darky of
South Carolina, Jle had not even looked atthe
Benator, [Lauehrer. }

“Will you allow me to makea remark note
withstanding?" Mr lillmanasked

Mr. Spooner — Well, what is it?

Mr. Lijlman Gen. Otis is his worst witness
@galnst his own veracity, he has so often tele-
graphed that the Insurrection is over, while it is
to-day us stroug as ever,

Mr. Spooner (disduinfully) Is that all?) The
Benator attempts to discredit the words of
Gen, Otis because be has reported from time to
time that the insurrection was suppressed and
because it turned out afterward that it was
hot,

Mr. Tillman-- Why was he recatled?

Mr. Spor tie was recalled at his own re-
quest, bee she had for a long time been
bearing on hisshoulders the ereat responsibili-
ties of the position he held, and where he
earned the gratitude, to say nothing of the re-
6pect, of the American people

Mr. Spooner referred to the anti-impertal-
iets aod a1 ke of Mr. Bryan as having lobbied
for the ratificaion of the peace treaty and then
turned round and raised the ery of anti-im-
erialisnn. ‘Phere is not,’ he declared, ‘nor

as there been, any legitimate foundation for
an issue of imperialism and inti-imperialism.

“The qu noof imperialism,’ Mr. Teller
Gil, Rep. Cold broke in, “was raised by Ke-
publieans long before Mr. Bryan said anything
about it, and was raised in this chamber.”

“Aye,” Mr. Spooner assented, “but by men
who contended that the ratification of the
treaty constituted iiiperialisn.”’

“They contended,” said Mr. Teller, ‘that the
Tatificeation of the treaty meant what you are
now contending that the Administrationintencs
todo, | voted to ratify the treaty and have
never regretted that vote, But it is unfair for
the Senator from Wisconsin to state that Mr,
Brvan is the author of anti-impertaliemn.””

“Well, said Mr. Spooner, “he has done more,
{nthe way of public speeches and writings, to
attack what he calls imperialism thanany other
maninthe country, But there ia no tssue of
imperialisin and anti-imiperialism unless it is
nade fer party and politieal purposes, The

reaident has had but one poliey, and that is to
go forwardin the execution of the laws. We
took ourshare of the responsibility. We in-
creased the Army and put it at hts command,
knowing that he would use it to assert and
maintain the sovereignty of the United States
inthe Philippine archipelago, That is territory
of the United States Who can dispose of it?
Can the President? The President has nade no
speech in which hehas not asserted that the
power of disposal was in Congress, [tis a bane-
fulissue, a wicked issue. The utterances on
that subject in this country have been in the
highest degree harmfulto our soldiers. Itis
my opinion that the agitation has prolonged the
insurrection and has cost millions of money and
the lives of many of our soldiers.’

Mr. Allen What is the attitude of the Re-
publican party?

“The attitude of the Republiean party,” Mr
Spooner replied forcefully, “ia to foree and
maintain the authority of the United States in
the Philippine archipelago.”

Mr. Allen -That being done, what follows?

Mr. Spooner To organize as speedily as pos-
sible a government over there, eiwiland = mill-
tary, adapted tothe necessities of the different
tribes and peoples, to give them honest courts
of justioe, toabolish (and that has been already
done) ecclesiastical courts, so that the friar
may be brought into the ordinary courts and
tned as other men are; to protect life and
liberty and property; to fill the couniry with
Bohoolhouses, to be just and generous to the
people, giving them participation in their local
ete to maintain the laws there so

onestly and fairly that no man, however rich,
Bhall be beyond their reach if he does wrong,
and no man, however humble, shall ba without
their protection Is there any {mperialfsin in
that?

Mr. Allen) And when all these things are ac-
comp ished whut does the Senator propose to do
with the Philippine Islands?

Mr. Spooner Ut will take some time to aceom-
pish all this. LT do not expect tobe here It
will not come for some years yet: but Ido not
hesitate to say that when the day doas come
that the Filipinos give evidence of their ability
to maintain a government and to discharge ita
functions tho American people will give it to
them

Reneching at last the closing part of his speech,
Mr. Spooner sud that the American people
would cross the bridges when they came to
them, and if there were no bridges they would
build them

“In the end,” said he, “the day will come
(and i hope it will not be long in coming) when
the Fil ping people, with entire eoufidence in
us, With prosperity among themselves, with an
appreciation of liberty, with some knowledge
of what government is, will be able to maintain
an alitonon vernment; and, when that
may come trot that the Amencan peo-

vlewill 4 accord it to them And if,
tn the end, it shall turn out that by the
Spanish-American War we have liberated Cuba
from the tyranny of Spain, carried blesa-
ing and prosperity to the people « Porto
Rico, and in the far-away Pacifle brought
a heterogeneous people together into one
people, educated them in selt-government, and
given it tothem, we shall have worked out a
constiinmation more glorious and given a
greater exemplar of liberty andof what liberty
can do, than has ever before been seen {n the
history of the world.”

There was an outbreak of applause when Mr
Spooner concluded his | eloquent and
deeply interesting sper: d many Senators
crowded around where he was standing and
extended warm congratulations

The Senate adjourned until to-morrow, at 11
A. M., when Mr. Morgan (Dem, Ala.) is to
epeak on the other side of the question

 

    

len assented, “and I venture
or has never yet read the

 

at

 

 

   

  

 
 

   

 

 

 

   

 

Torkish Minister Calls on Secretary Hay,

WASHINGTON, May 24 —Ali Ferrough Bey, the
Turkish Minister, called on Secretary ay
to-day for the first time since he learned of the
character of the notesent to his Government
demanding the paymentof the Armenia indem-
t ty He Was not accompanied by Ahmed

‘asha, Engineer-in-Chief of the Turkish Navy,
Who reached Washington last night on a mis-
sion for his Government

$8. Excursion to Niagara Falls,

West Shore Railroad neat Tuesday,
Trains 12:40, 6.15, 8:00 and 0:15 P. M.—Ade.

 

|

 

   

Said to Mave Engaged to Lobby for a Bill to

Increase Wages of Government Printers.

WASHINGTON, May 24.—The House Committee
on Labor had a lively session to-day on Repre-
sentative Glynn's bill, fixing $2 per diem as the
tolnimum pay for unskilled laborers in the
Government service. Employees of the Gov-
ernment Printing Office and the Bureau of
Vrinting and Engraving were present to

urge their claims for inerease in pay,
and Mrs. Charlotte Smith appeared in
behalf of the women who oct @% assist-

ants to the plate printers ia the

Bureau of Engraving and Printing, who get
only $1.25 per diem and who think they are en-
titled to@2. Mrs. Siuith caused a commotion
byan attack on former Representative ‘Tim-
othy J Campbell of New York. Ina letter to
Representative Henderson Mrs, Smith charged
that Mr. Catnpbell had made an agreement
with the employees of the Government Print-
ing Office to do some loblywing tn connection

with their bil to inerease their wages. For bis
work he was to receive $5,000, of which $400 had
been paidhim, when the Public Printer heard of
the arrangement andstopped further payments,
After the hearing a member of the committee
remarked that if Mrs. Smith could substantiate
her charges he would move that the privileges
pf the floor of the House be denied Mr, Camp-
veld,

A prominent member of the House Commit-
tee on Labor, who was somed hat interested in
Mrs. Smith's allewations, said to a representa-
tive of Tub SUN In the House lobby to-day

“The work being done io the interests of
Government employees ts beginning to be
something fearful and we scercely Know where
to turn. Lobbyists infest the Capitol, and
every one appears to be intarested in securing
an advance in wages for some branch or other
or the public service) The charges made by
Mrs, Smith are by no means new, for 1 heard
along time ago that a consitlerable fund was
raised in the Gevernment Printing OMece to
pass a bill to increase the wages of em.
plovees there, 1 asked a friend of miine,
a conservative man, to inake an estimate of the
umount of money raised to pass the bill for the
Jetter carriers and railway mail clerks. He
made inguiry and estimated that not less than
$250,000 had been contributed far this purpose
‘The assessmenton the letter carriers. was, we
understand, $20 per head, which would givea
fundof about $150,000 We cannot afford to
ass bila where such methods are employed,

have known merttorions measures to fail
where it waa suspected that Ladirect pressure
was being brought to bear on the legislators.”

FRANCHISE IN SOUTH CAROLINA,

A Petition Sent to the Senate Asking for an
Investigation,

WASHINGTON, May 24--In the Senate this
marning Mr. Chandler (Rep., N. Hl) said that
he had received from South Carolina a petiuion
signed by many pastors calling attention to the
political condition of that State and asking
epeedy legislation for the protection of the ma-
Jority of {ts citizens in the exercise ot their
Constitutional prerogative. The petitiontefers
to the speech of Senator Tillman on Feb. 26 and
asks for the appointment of a commiltee to in-
vestigate the conaition of the franchise in South
Carolina. The petition was referred to the
Committee on Privilegea and Elections

Renate bill to provide for the investigation of
the historical archives and public records of the
several States and Territories, and of the
Tnited States, with a view to their preservation
by publication, was reported by Mr. Platt
(Rep. N.Y) from the Committee on Printing
and was passed. The work is to be done by the
American Historical Association and $5,000 is
appropriated for the purpose

A joint resolution reappointing Andrew 1D,
White of New York as Regent of the Smith-
gonian Institution was introduced by Mr.

ullom (Rep, DL) and was passed

The conference report on the Indian Appro-
priation bill was presented and agreed to.

 

  

ALASKA CODE BILL IN THE HOUSE,

An Amendment Agreed To to Give the Terri-
tory a Delegate in Congress.

WASHINGTON, §May 24.—The eeseion of the
llouse to-day was devoted almost entirely to
the consideration of the Alaskan Code bill, and

there was a session to-night for the same pur-
pose. This afternoon amendments were agreed
to, eiving Alaskaa delegate in Congress, and
striking out of the bill all provisions authorizing
arrestin civil cases

The conference report on the Indian Appro-
priation bill was agreed to, anda bill was passed
poauiring the disbursing clerk of the Senate to
increase his bond from $60,000 to $300,000,

MAKES MILES LIEUTENANT*GENERAL,

Senate Committee's Amendment to the MII.
tary Academy Bill,
WASHINGTON, May 24.--The Senate Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to-day amended the
Military Academy Appropriation bill by insert-
ing provisions increasing by fifty the number
of cadets at the West Point Academy and rais-

ing therank of the Major-General Command. |

 

ing the Army to that of Lieutenant-Gieneral
The rank of the Adjutant-General of the Army
was raised to Major-General during its oceu-
pancy by Gen, Corbin,

Willlam Alden Smith Gives a Dinner to the
Boers,

WASHINGTON, May 24- Representative Wil-
liam Alden Smith of Michigan, a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, gave a dinner
to the Boer Envoys, Messrs. Bischer, Wolmerans
and Wessels, this evening at the Hotel Gordon,

at which there were about forty guests, mostly
Republicans of prominence, The list included
Senators McMillan Fairbanks, — ‘Thurston,
Quarles, Burrows and Elkins, and Representa-
tives Corliss, Henry ©. Smith, Washington
Gardner, Hamilton, Samuel W. Smith, Weeks,
Fordney, Bishop, ump. Mesick and Sheldon
of Michigan, Hitt, Hopkins and Fosa of Ilinots
MeCall of Massachysetts, Heatwole and Me-
Cleary of Minnesota, Doliiver of lowa and Haley
of Texas, Assistant Secretary of War Meikel-
john and Webster Davis

 

Lord Pauncefote Celebrates the Queen's Birth-
day,

WASHINGTON, May 26.-Queen Victoria's
elghty-first birthday anniversary was cele-
brated to-night by adinner given by the British
Ambassador and Lady Pauncefote. The
guests were: Co). Lee, the Military Attaché of
the Lmbassy, and Mrs. Lee: Mr and Mrs. Gor-
don-Curpnings, Mr. and Mrs. Pellew, Mr and
Mrs. Townsend, Miss Sartoris, Miss Boardman,
Miss Patten, the Hon. Sybil Pauncefote, the
Hon Audrey Pauncefote, Mr Gerard A. Low-
ther, First Assistant Secretary of the Embassy;
Mr Max Muller. the Second Secretary; Mr.
Floyd, and Mr. Bailey

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasHINGTON, May 24,-- The training ship
Lancaster hassailed from Portsmouth, N. H,
for Tompkinsville, The eruiser Baltimore, Ad-

miral Watson's flagship, has sailed from Hong
Kong tor Singapore The Osceola has been
ordered commissioned as an auxiliary gunnery
vessel and astender tothe monitor Amplitrite
The flagship Chieago caine out of drv dock at
Hiv de Janeiro to-day Lhe cruiser Detroit was
placed out of commission at Portsmouth, N. HL.
veaterday

The gunbeats Yankton and Vixen, which
have been engaged in surveying work in Cuban
waters, have been ordered home on aecount of
the dangets that would be encountered by such
«mall vessels during the tropical stormy season
which is just beginning.

McKinley's Congratalations to the Queen.

WASHINGTON, May 24.--The following mes-
sage has been sent by Secretary Hay to Ambas-
sador Choate in London

“You will please convey through the appro-
priate channels the congratulations and best

wishes of the President to her Majesty, the
Queen, on the occasion of her birthday.”

Army Nominations.

WASHINGTON, May 24 —The President to-day
sent to the Senate the following nominations

Sere. Lamar G. liumplrey, Company B Thirty
third [ffantry, and Pattaiion Sergt,-Major Starkey
Y. Britt, Forty-seventh ,Jnfautry, to be Second
Lieutenants in the Army,

Washington Notes,

WASHINGTON, May 24.—-Represantative Fitz-
gerald of Mossachusetts introduced a foint
resolution to-day directing the Secretary of
War to issue an order revoking the order of
Ma)or-Gen, Brooke; while acting @s Governor
General of Cuba, tn regard to civil marriages,
and to guarantee the people of Cuba full
measure of religious toleration and freedom

The special Nouse Committee on the St. Louis
Exposition decided to-day to report the bill
back to the House without recommendation
presentative Steele's resolution to postpone
ection for this session and Representative
Joy's for a favorable report were both lost and
the bill was then ordered reported without
recommendation

Ine President and members of his Cabinet,
fecompanied by Gen. Miles and Adjutant-Gen-
eral Corbin, will leave at @15 to-morrow morn-
ing to attend the reunion of the Society of the
Army of the Potomac at Fredericksburg The
party will return to Washington al 7 o'clock to-
WoOrTow evening,

    

ae \

   
  
   
  

 

CHARGE AGAINST TIM CAMPBELL,

DODGED THE COLOR LINE,

ee eee

METHODIST CONFERENCE FIGHTS
SHY OF A PUZZLING SITUATION,

Makes an Exception of the Freedman's Ald
Soctety in Keducing the Executive Force
~Publishing Agents Fast and West Elected,

Cuicaco, May 24 To prevent the draw-
ing of the color line in the Benevolent Societies
of the Methodist Chureh it was decided In the

General Conference this morning that the

Freedmen's Aid and Southern Education

Society should retain Its present organization;

with two secretaries to be codrdinate In

authority. ‘This decision was reached only
after three hours of debate, in which the Con-
stitution of the United States, race distinction
and numerous other matters were brought
up = for — discussion. The matter of
reducing the number of secretaries and of con-
sulidation had been under the consideration of
the Commitete on the State of the Chureh, which
body declared Jast week that the time was not
ripe for consolidation, The Conference then
appointed a Committee of Fifteen to report
upon the scheme of having one executive
secretary with as wany assistants as might be

deemed efficient, instead of having several suc h

officers codrdinate in authority. The Come

mittee reported through ex-Goy, RK. E. Pattison

of Pennsylvania, recommending the one man
power

Southern delegates, conspicuous among them
the colored preachers, vigorously opposed the
adoption of the report. They argued that
race prejudice would result and the great work
ol the Soutbern Education Society would be
destroyed. As a Compromise & Moun Was
made requesting that ail reference to the kreed-
men’s Aid Society be stricken out of the report,
andthat the society continue us it is. The
report of the committee, as amended, was
ultimately adopted, but not until a most
vigorous debute occurred, Several votes were
taken on the many motions, and often stand-
ing votes were called for, Dr Buckley, Dr
Lanuhan aud Dr. Forbes all partitipated in the
debates. Dr. Lanahan is ss years old and de-
clared that he would have to take to tis bed
after his speech, but he considered the ques-
tion so important that he was willing to sulfer
anything to. present bis) views. His allotted
time expired before he finished, but by a
unanimous Vote it was extended

Dr. M.C BKB Mason, one of the secretaries of
the organization, Was eulogized by almost every
speaker, and jt seems certain that he will secure
reelection to his present place. Bishop-elect J
W. Hanilten was the other Secretary of the
society, and many candidates are out for the
chair of the new superintendent, A motion
was made and passed to have the Conference
adjourn Tuesday, May 29, at 12:90 P.M

he action of the Commission on Epise apace

in fixing Episcopal residences has excited much
untavorable comment, — Hitherto the Bishops
have had the right to choose their own piaces
of residence. This privilege is now denied to
them by the adoption of the committee sug-
gestion that the Bishops must live in such cities
us may be designated as see cities by the
Quadrennial Conferences The cities so
fixed by this conference are Chicago, Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Buffalo,
Detroit, St. Louis, Topeka, Minneapolis, Port-
Jand, San Francisco and Chattanooga. At the
afternoon session of the Conference in’ the
Studebaker Building the recommendation of
the committee that) Episcopal residences be
established in Zurich and Shanghai was con-
curred in

A ballot was taken for publishing agents, two
for the New York concern and two tor the
Cincinnati coneern The present ineume
bents are Dro Homer Eaton and Dy George
P. Mains at New York and Dr, Lewis Burts
and Dr. Henry C. Jennings at Cincinnati
all of who sougbt reelection, Eaton and
Mains had no competitors, but twenty
persons, mostiy laymen, were nominated
Por the Western house For the West-
ern house Dr Jennings was elected on
the first ballot Atter the second ballot
Dr. Burts withdrew his name and on the third
baiiot Samuel Ho Pye was declared elected
Dr. Kurta who was retired by this action was
the senior member of the firm and had been in
office eight vears lie was defeated partly
because he was thought to have had his share
of the good things and partly because of the
business seandal in which he was involved,
and for which he was” severely —con-
demned last fall by the Rock Hiver
Conference of which he is a member
Samuel Ho Pye, Dr. Burts’s suceessor, was born
in Cincinnatiin i845. For olne years he was in
the business of anewspaper circulator and was
employed first by the Cincinnaty Commercial
and then bythe Cincinnati Enquirer, In daso
he went to St. Louis and has been ever sinee an
employee in the Methodist Book depository
connected with the Cincinnati Book concern,
The next business ol the body was the report
of Chairman RS. Copeland from the Standing
Committee on Epworth League, This report
discussed the proposed consolidation
ot the General Secretary of the league
with the editor of the Epworth Herald, and
reported adversely on it. Dr. Wo H. Craw.
ford made a minority repert recommend.
ing the consolidation. Asharp and protracted
debate ensued and an effort was made to
table toe ininority report, but the motion
was deleated The iminerity revort was
adopted, The result of this action will be that
when the conference elects secretaries to-mor-
row it Will elect the General Seeretary of the
Ih pworth League, who has hitherto been elected
by the Board of Control of the League, and will
atthe same time attach to the offiee the edi-
torial control of the Apworth Herald Ir
Joseph F. Berry, the present editor of the
papers can have the place if he wants it

his action leaves out in the eold the

yresent General Secretary of the lea ue,
{iy W. P. Thirkfleld, who was Heaaitant
of Gammon ‘Theological Seminary at Ate
lanta, Ga, until a few months sgo, when
he woselected to his present place to succeed
Dr EA Sehell. [tis thought quite Hkely that
Dr. Thirkfleld may be elected to fill the place of
Dr. J. W. Hamilton as one of the secretaries of
the Freedmen’s Aid and Southern, Education
Society

It is likely to-morrow will be given up largely
to the election. of secretaries and editors.
Most of these officials will be reélected without
contest, but itis said that Dr. T. B. Neely of
Philadelphia will bea formidable opponent of
the Rev. Dr Hurlburt, Becretary of the Sunday
School Union, as most of the money of the
union comes from the Philadelphia Conference,

BAPTIST HOME MISSIONS,

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration That the Opportunity of the
Charch Lies tn Immigration,

Detnolt, Mich. May 24.~The event of the
day at the session of the American Baptist
Hlome Mission dSociety§{wus§the address of the
Rey, T. J Villiers of lid.anapolls, who declared
that in immigration lies the providential op-
portunity of the Church,

“Immigrants may be coming to us because
they see the dollar mark on the Stars and
Stripes,” he said, “but whatever the purpose of
men,God's purpose is being worked out through
them."

Prof, J. 1H. Hope, a colored teacher, claimed
a higher destiny for hisrace and said they ap-
preciated the value of money as well asthe
white man. ‘Phe Rev. HR. Monsey trom the
Cuban mission and the Rev. H. Po McCormick
from the Porto Rican, asked to-night for the
spiritual and pecuniary support of the
society
The officers elected are: President, F. M.
Thresher, Ohjo, Treasurer, Frank P. Hatha-
way; Auditors, hdgar L. Marston and J. F
Requa; Corresponding Secretary, Gen. Thomas
J Morgan, Recording Secretary, A.S. iipbart:
Managers) Class © HL, ©. It. | Blackman;
DL. Wileox, Fdward J. Brockett, the Rey. A
Knapp, ©. Bo Canfield and © R. Hetfield. To
fill vacanciestinjClass I, the Rev. John Humstone
and Mortimer J. Ennis; to fill a vacancy in
Class 11, the Rev W.C Ritting. All but @the
President are New Yorkers

THE PRESBYTERIA

Vote on the Peoria Overture Will Be Taken at
This Morning's Session.

Sr. Lovis, Mo., May 24--The Peoria over-
ture was before the Presbyterian General As-
sembly to-day in the minority report of the
special committee on method of appointment
of attending committees of the Assembly It

 

ASSEMBLY,

 

provides that the said committees conaist of
eleven ministers and eleveu elders excepting
those on mileage and finance, which shall each
consist of eleven elders. Dr. Cornelius, chalr-
man of the comnittee which submitted the mi-
nority report, defended it warmly. He had not
concluded When the hour for taking the vote
had arrived and it was voted to continue di<-
Cusslon to-morrow

A surprise Was sprungat the afternoon ses-
sion by a motion by the Rev. Dr D. W Fischer
to reconsider this action, About one-third of
the Asserobly was present and it carrled. He
then moved that the vote on the overture be
taken to-morrow morning. This also pre-
vuiled

The report from the Committee on Bills and
Overtures was then presented. The latter
parto! the report dealt vigorously with the
question of polygamy in Utah and Idaho. It
declared that polygany ison the increase in
those States Congress ls congratulated on the
expulsion of Brigham Roberts from the House,
enda memorial {s made to Congress for an
amendment tothe Constitution concerning the
maiter The report was ununimousiy adopted

California was asked by resolution to place
houses of religious Worship on the non-taxing
list, if being the only State in the Union which
plaves a tax upon religion

‘The principal feature of the afternoon's work
was the report of the Committee on the Board
of Aid for collewes and acudemies. It showed

 

that receipts the past year had been $146,429 as-

THE SUN, FRIDAY,

SS SSeS ss SS SSS SSS sss SSS sss SSS SSS lr Useless eseeeeenensinmessmsveteemeeess>

SS ee

MAY 25,

against $181,996, the decrease being attributed
tot © faving 006 |e (butions from churches,

A popular missionary meeting was held as the
Odeon this evening, presided over Yy Ov,
Mount of Indiana, who came a to the in-
ability of Gen. Harrison to be present.

en
CUMBERLAND PRESBYTERIANS.

   

 

 

General Assembly Adjourns-Plan to Raise «

81,000,000 Educational Fund,

CHaTTaNooGa, 'Tenn., May 24.—The General
Assombly of the Cumberland Presbyterian
Church concluded its seventh annual meet-
ing this afternoon and the last of the
delegates left for their homes last night.

The attendance at this session was the largest
in the history of the Assembly, The most im-
portant action taken by the Assembly was that
ay }horining the raising of anendowment fund
of $1,000,000 for educational purposes.

At to-day's session several hours were con-
sumed in the oussion of the recommendi-
tion of the lowa Presbytery that the Rev, M. i:
Moore be diamigoed from the ministry, The
Assembly refused to'grant the recommendation,
referring the matter back to the lowa Presby-
tery

Moderator Bird appointed a committee to
confer with the Sonthern Baptist Convention
with regard to the matter of more De thd uni-
fication of the societies of all the different de-
nominations’ churches. The Assembly, before
adjourning, authorized the Moderator and
stated clerk to send letters of greeting to the
General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church and the United Preabyterian Associa-
tions, both in segsion in Chicago,

UNITED PRESBYTERIANS.

Tho Rev. Dr, J. Pr. Sankey Elected Moderator
of the General Assembly.

CuicaGo, May 24.—Interest in the second
day's session of the Forty-second General As-
sembly of the United Presbyterian Church,
which is being held at the Sixth United Presby-
terian Church, Sixty-second and Woodlawn ave-
nue, Was centred almost wholly in the choice
of Moderator. The Rev. Dr. J. P. Sankey of
Rochester, N, Y,, was the leading candidate,
but the delegates from Pittsburg, Pa., put in a
strong bid for the election of the Rev. Dr,
J.D. Sands of that city, The name of the Rey,
DS. Littell was also presented to the Assem-
bly. Dr. Sankey was victorious on the first
ballot

Dr. Henderon, Field Seeretary of the Ameri-
can Bible Society, addressed the Assembly on
the work accomplished by that organization
In the afternoon Moderator Sankey gave outhis
listof standing committees and the remainder
of the. afternoon was taken up with
the reading of papers and referring of them to
the committees Tn the evening open confer-
ence Was held and there was 4 discussion of ed-
ucational work in its relation to the Church,

NEW UNITARIAN MOVEMENT.

 

An International Coancdl of Liberal Religtons
Started in Boston.

Boston, May 24.--Several well-kuown Unita-
rians met this morning to consider the or@uniza-
tion of an lnternatijonal Council of Unitarian
and Other Liberal Christians. The Rey. Samuel
A. Elliot presided, and many clergymen and
laymen expressed their views on the subject,
one of the speakers desired the word Unitarian
eftout

One minister thought the word Christian
should be dropped so that the theists of India
could be nelude din the membership. The Rey
Clay MacAulay of India spoke briefly in favor
of organizati us did the Rev. James
flocart of Brus It was finally voted that
it ix expedient to form an International Couneil
of Unitarian and Other Liberal Religions, and
that the chair appoint a committee to submit at
a meeting to-morrow a plan of membership

 

 

  
 

Southern General Assembly,

ATLANTA, Ga, May 24.--The Committee on
Bills and Overtures of the Southern Preaby-
terian General Assembly this morning read tis
reporton the movement to establish a $1,000,-
OW) twentieth century fund. The committee
recommended that the fund be established and
that a committee be appointed to start the
movement. Thereport went to the docket for
debate, Itis thought by many that it will be
adopted when it comes up later,

IN HONOR OF JOHN MARSHALL,

 

 

To Celebrate the 100th Anniversary of His
Accession to the Chief Justiceship,

John S. Wise has addressed a letter to the
bench, bar and students of law in New York
State looking tothe celebration of John Mar-
shall Day, Feb 4,1001) The vecasion is the one-
hundredth anniversary of the accession of John
Marshall to the position of Chief Justice of the
United States. Mr, Wise says

“The general planfor the national celebration
at Washington isto holda meeting on the day
namedin the eity of Washington, either at the
Capitol or some other appropriate place
Chief Justice Fuller) has consented = to
preside, and the President and his Cabi-
net will be present. The Hon, Wayne Mac-
Veagh of Pennsylvania will deliver the oration
cotumemorative of the life and services of
Judze Marshall, and the celebration will con.
clude with a banquetat night. The eommitree
further resolved to invite the bench, the bar
and the students of law, in the several States,
to organize star celebrations for that day in
their respective localities The courts wik be
requested to adjourn in honor of the day.
Where bar associations and law schools eaist,
they are invited to proceed at once to organize
local celebrations of the same general character
as that provided for the national celebration,
choosing orators to deliver addresses, and add-
ing such other features as they may see fit
In localities Where there are no regular organi-
zations, members of the bench and bar are
inwWred to cooperate in organizing celebrationa,

“Pursuant to the inatructions of the commit-
tee, I take the liberty of thus formally bringing
the occasion to the attention of the legal tra-
ternity, No state bas furnished greater con-
tributions of talentand learning to the juris-
prudence of America than New York; no com-
munity appreciates more thoroughly the jinea-
timable value of the genius, the loarning and
the faithful services of John Marshall to his
whole country, No man ever did more to ele-
vate and diguify the profession, or to increase
the respect of the American peopie for the laws
of that country. It is believed, desired and
hoped that the State of New York will celebrate
this occasion ina manner worthy of the man
whose virtues and intellect we seek to come.
lmemorate, and worthy of the State jtself,”’

Southern Railway Trustees in Conference.

CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 24.—The Southern
Railway trustees metin conference with Samuel
Spencer of the lessee com pany at the office of the
trustees in the Odd Fellows’ Temple Buildin
this afternoon to discuss the extension anc
nodification of the lease. The meeting was
eld behind closed doors. Mr, Spencer, for the
lessee company, submitted his proposition to
pay the annual rental of $1,000,000 and 10 per
cent. of the gross earnings in excess of $4,500,-
00

 

 

Supposed Buffalo Robber Caught Here.

Max Paninoof Buffalo was arrested in the
apartments of May Smith at 219 West Thirty-
third street, yesterday, by Central Office de-

tectives, and, with the Smith girl, was lockéd
up at Pollea Headquarters, Panino 18 sus-
pected of being one ol three young men who
robbed an old man of $1,000 as he was leaving a
savings bank in Buffaloon May 4. A detective
is coming to fetch Panino.

Army and Navy Orders,

WASHINGTON, May 26.-—-These army orders were
issued today

Virst Lieut. OMrence C Williams, Ordnance De-
Garin: from Wilmington temporarily, to New

ork, assuroing the dutlesof Capt. Orrin I. Mitcham
Ordinance Department, as inspector of powders and
asamemberof the Board of Officers of the Ordnance
Department conducting experiments with small arms
and ammunition

Acting Assistant Surgeon James H. Halloway,
from the transport Sheridan to the transport Rose
crans, relieving Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert FE.
Caldwell, ordered to San Francisco.

Capt. Erasguus M Weaver, Jr, First Artillery, to
Willets Polnt, for the purpose of examining the sub-
marine mine plantand materials at that post and of
some preliminary study of the subject of submarine
mines,

Capt. George O, Squire, Volunteer Signal Corps,
rom ine oMfice of the chief signal oficerto Governors
sian

‘These naval orders have been (ssued:

Assistant Surgeon E. Davis, detached from Naval
Hospital, Brooklyn, to temporary duty at Pensacola,
then to Asiathe Station Vig the Gaell

Assistant Sur@eon J, ‘IT. Kennedy, detached from
the Independence and to Asiatic Station via Gartle

Passed Assistant Surgeon G. D. Costigan, detached
from Boston yard to temporary duty at Pensacola,
then to Asiatic Station via Gaelle,

Assistant Paymaster FP, K. Perkins, to the Inde-
pendence

Passed Assistant Paymaster HL. Robbins, to duty
As assistant to General Storekeeper, Mare Island
Yard, instead of to the Independence

Lieut. M. H. Signor, report to torpedo station for
course of Instruction tn torpedees and electrictty, In
stead of to the War College

Lieut Commander RA. oH. Galt, Department's
order ae inst, tothe Monongahela as executive,
revoied

The following changes of offerrs on the \statie
Station have been made by Rear Admiral Kemey
Dnvign Db. W. Wurte Bauga {rom the Oregon to the
Newark: Assistant Surgeon T. Mo Lippett, from the
Oregon to the Newark: Lieut. W. P EBliteott, from
the New Orleans to home: Lieut. Commander J, M
Hoper, from the Disie to the Newark: Lieut. H. CG
Kuenzil. from the Nashville to the Dizte; Lieut. HG.
Mathews, from the terey to the Bennington,

 

 

Bi ERD

   

1900.

Se

FARMER'S WIFE MURDERED.

ee

MRS. STELLA MORRISON KILLED IN
HER HOME NEAR WEST CHESTER, PA.
Her Age er-in-Law Comes From Work
in = Fields and Finds Her Dead Body
Her Face and Head Crashed In—No Clue
-Three Tramps Seen Near the Place,
Pui_apenpata, May 24.~-All West Cheater and
that part of Cheater county was stirred toa
high piteh of excitement this morning when
thenews of the murder of Mrs. Stella Mor-
rison, the twenty-six-year-old wife of William
Morrison, a well-known farmer, residing near
Darlington’s Corner, four miles from the
county seat, became known Many men joined
With the authorities in their search for the
murderer. It was not until several hours after
the murder was committed that the discovery
was made, The scene of the crime is about
four miles from West Chester on the Wilming-

ton pike.

The Morrisons occupied the tenant house
on the farm of Minshall Sharpless, and the
nearest house to the place is fully half a mile
away, With the Morrisons ved the woman's
father-in-law, James A. Morrison, and it was
he who first fousd the woman's dead body,
The elder Morrison, who is upward of .
years of age, was working ina fleld about hal
a mile wey from the house, and it was about
4 o'clock when he returned home. On the
floor lav the woman's body, her head in a px rol
of blood, with her skull crushed in

There was evidence of a@ terrible strugele
Alongside of the body lay @ heavy hickory club
with sharp edges and an iron handle on one end.
It was covered with blood and hair and one
heavy blow from {it would have been suMcient
to killa man, . ‘The woman's face was smashed
in and her body was also badly bruised, The
body had lain in such a position that the door of
the room could not be opened and the murderer
had to move it to a different place to escape.

Ibe elder Morrison immediately called for
help, and word was sent to the woman's hus-
band, who was away at his work all day, ‘The
only ‘clue to the murderer ix furnished by
Daniel and Lawrence Hackey, two residents of
the community, who were Working near the
Morrison house during the afternoon, About
2 o'clock, 80 far as they cansay, they heard thie
Woman thn the house scream “Get out of here!’
Thinking that she was crying at some chickens
in (he yard, they allowed the incident to puss
unnoticed, and they knew nothing about the
crime until it was discovered several hours
later,

The police advance two theories as to the
murder. The first is that she was killed by
three tramps who were noticed inthe newhbor-
hood ashort time before the crime was com-
mitted, These men were seen at Dilworths-
town about 1:30 o'clock leaving in the direetion
of thea scene of the murder, None of them has
since been seen, The other and most plausible
theory, is tbat Mrs Morrison, who was a sinall
woman, was killed by some one who was well
acquainted with her,

Iie dead woman's maiden name was Stella
Brown. She was a daughter of Adley Brown
oft Westchester and, according to Morrison;
was married to him three years ago last Rep-
tember The husband enjoys a good reputa-
tion in the community and haa worked for Min-
shall Sharpless for over a year,

 

KISSED MAN WHO BEAT HIM,

Eighty Strap Wounds On a Little Boy’s Body,
but He Begged for His Father's Release,

Louis Glasseuberg, u tailor, of 83 Allen street,
was arrested by Gerry Agent Weittling yester-
day and taken to the Essex Market police court
on the charge of cruelly beating his seven-year-
oldson. A certificate, signed by Dr. W. Travis

Gibba, to the effect that he had found eighty
wounds, caused by a asrep on the boy's body
was produced in court. Glassenberg admitted
beathie the boy.

1 lost my temper,” he said, ‘and I didn't
think I beat him so hard."

Phe litte boy, who was perched on the Mag-
istrate’s desk, put his arms around his father’s
neck and kissed hii,

“Dear Judge,” he said, “my papa didn't lick
me any too hardthanl deserved. Vlease let
him go.”

Glassenberg’s lawyer pleaded for his release
The boy was a very bad boy, he said, and the
futher had to correct him.

‘Don't tell me that boy is bad." said Magis-
trate Crane, indignantly. “That actof his in
kissing his father after being so horribly abused
|ndicater that he ix a noble littiefellow. He
oves his father better than his father loves
him. I hold the father for tial.’

LITTLE GIRLS CRUELLY ABUSED,

' Mary Hess of 551 West Forty-eighth street
appeared in the Wast Side police court yester-
day for thethird time to answer charges of
abusing her two step-children, Lizzie and
Mary, 7and6 years old. Twice, Gerry Agent
Moore told Magistrate Pool, she had been
cautioned. Thistime a teacher in the sehool
the two little girls attend called the attention
of the Gerry somety to the facet that the faces
of both children were covered with bruises and
that the older had a black eve

Phe woman admitted that she had beaten the
children, but said she had only done it to
punish ther fhe father, Herman Hess, a
milkman, was in court and suid he knew his
wife beat his little ones, but he couldn't stop
her

Magistrate Pool held the woman in $200 bail
andsent the girls back to the Gerry society's
roorns,

  

  

 

BURRELL FOUND AT TRENTON,

 

He's the Negro Sospected of the Murder of
the Philadelphia Law Lecturer,

TRENTON, May 24-“Bueck” Burrell, the
negro suspected of having murdered Roy Wil-
son White, the law lecturer of the University of
Pennsylvania, was found to-day at the Mercer
county workhouse. Detective Frawley of the
Pennsylvania Railroad last Sunday picked up
Burrell, who did not answer the first descrip-

tion of the murderer sent out by the Phila-
delphia police, but he was arraigned before
Judge Jackson on a charge of vagrancy and
sentenced to thirty days at the county farm.
‘The Philadelphia police were notified, and to-
day Detectives Donaghy ang McKenty, accom-
panied by Ralph Hartman, the messenger boy
who is an important witness inthe matter of
{dentifying the murderers of Wilson, came to
Trenton and visited the workhouse. Hartman
positively identified the negro as one of the
men who inquired of him the way to German-
town Junction on the night of the murder, The
detectives discovered a stain on the leg of Bur-
rell’s trousers, which they believe is blood,

Trouble in Cornell's Crew.

Iruaca, May 24.—Though Cornell's second
crew has to meet the second crew from Colum-
bia and Pennaylvania in less than a week, it was
not until to-night that Coach Courtney an-
nounced that he would send the freshman crew
to Philadelphia. The freshmen are an excep-
Uonally strong lot and they have been rowing

very fastoflate. Some of the members of the
‘Varsity crew are disaatisfied with the work of
Magoffin as coxswain. and aay they will he
«reatly disappointed if he is putin tho ‘Varsity
shell at Poughkeepsie. They have carried the
Inatter to the Athletio Council and as a result
the coach, though be Alaliked to take Magotiin
from the boat, told the men they could have
whomever they choseas coxswain This will mean
that Long, who foursome time has been the eox-
awain of the second combination, will get Ma-
gomn s place, y offin has been a needy stu-
dent, buta faithful crew man, and it is likely
that when the facta become generally known
the student body will feel indignant at the men
phe have forced MagoMfn from the ‘Varsity
oat,

Fifty-six Entries for the Harlem Regatta,

A meeting of the Harlem Regatta Association
was held last nightat the Hotel Marlborough
to pass on the entries for the annual regatta,
which will take placeon June 2. Fifty-six en-
tries were Focalved. which is eight more than
last year. Philadelphia, Newark and Troy will
be represented, while Columbia University has
entered two crews. An unusually jarge eniry
has been received for the elght-oared races
twelve crews being scheduled to start. All the
events filled well except the intermediate
double and junior four oared shell, for which
additonal entries may be made until Monday
night. Jt was decided fe Tun a steamboat for
those wishing to see the regatta {n addition to
the usual official tug

 

 

 

  

Telephone Service
at Your

House, Store or Office
in Manhattan.

$5 a Month

One-year Contracts. Monthly Payments.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
15 Dey Street 1 West 38th St.

 
       
          

 

     

GOLF AT NASSAU

HARRIMAN FORGING T0 THE FRONT
IN THE M. G. A, CHAMPIONSHIP,

LINKS.

 

Douglas and Travis Also in Fine Form Seeley
a Dark Horse-Graham, Kennaday, Watson
and Norrts tn the Race—Four-Ball Four-
some To-day Besides the Matches~ Gossip.

Changes quick as the shake-up of the bite of
glass ina kaleidoscope marked the match play
yesterday inthe M.G. A. annual championship
at the Nassau Country Club,
who sallied out in the morning the only sur-
vivors at nightfall were Kennaday, Douglas,

Harriman, Watson,

aud Seeley, They will be paired as named this

morning, When the excitement begins agaln,

Of the thirty-two

heeley played
the schoolboy

winning Douglas and Travis
did not qualify, but
squared matters this time by outlasting the
two collegians who appeared, while Kennaday,
Graham, Watson and Norris did not start at all
in the first championship.
golfing under the pleasantest of conditions.

It was a day of fine

clippers and rollers, were better than on the
first day, and there were keen ‘‘galleries”
follow the most noted players.

Meadow Brook, wa
absentee, which gave to Travisa walkover, and,
after the quadruple tie had been settled, the
pairs were off early in the morning.
ing off the tie John Moller, Jr, Apawamis,
dropped out on the first hole, taking 6, W hile

the others each hada 5, It was a ineky 5 for

Then, on the third green,
S.H. Harris, Montclair, put out Samuel Froth-
ingham, Rockaway Hunting, by 4 to 5.
was then paired with Singer and the playing
schedule was completed. Both the college boys,
Dahlgren ard Dwight, were put out in this
round, while Brooks, runner-up last year, Ham-

jlten, Cochrane and the notec
anong the defeated

‘Tyng were also

against F. 8
Douglas, and as the match promised much
more of interest than is usually seen in the
kifting out round of a tournament, there was

guite a turn-out of followers to walk after the

stole a half

Thereafter he outplayed Hamilton
{n a decisive way, although the latter made
few very bad mistakes
been all square on the sixth green, Hatuilton
madeaseries of poor approach shots to the
seventh green, Douglas winning the hole in 6 to
The short hole following, 161 yards, Douglas
also won, driving within a footof the eup and
Douglas then kept on
2upand 1 to play.

After the mateh had

rdown the pu
style, winning by

te

2s D>

feee
eeoo
vcuouseo
e252
vania
oe

eevee
osom
=a yee

"hye not played

Brooks was quite off his short
the special feature of his play, and Robbins led
all the way, Winning by 8 upand 2
cards were on the high side
a hot customer in hennaday, a young golfer,
who is very orthodox inatyle and quite capable
Kennaday should have won the
first hole, but slipped up ona foot put.
after he made no mistakes, while Tyng was
through the
won by 4 up and 3 to play,

game, usually
Tyng picked up

in the game

e2ne
Seas
Cfee
e?7an
eeoea es

hennaday ....
1

negotiated a long stimie
sreen in his
which helped hin to win. They played
out, Graham securing 86 to Cory’s 88,

had a lively fight with Dwight, scoring one over
Although he holds all the clubs over-
right, Michael

Hicks after

seventeenth

Freeman only
He scored # to Hicks's 88 for the eighteen
Only less startiing than some of the defeats was
the fine form shown by H. M. Harriman in his
match with Duncan Edwards. ‘
champion went out in 88, regular Vardonism,
and showed that he has still a grand opportu-
nity toretain his M. G
Edwards by 8up and 7 to play, although the
latter scored 89, Harriman had a very bad hole,
the fifteenth, where he missed the drive, yet he
His card was:
coe 6 6 4
6455 56
The surnmary of the morning follows:
lL. Tappin, Westbrook, beat W.

The amateur

3 4-45-51

First Round —C.
Dablgren, Princeton, by] up; ;
Montclatr, beat James A. Tyng, Morris County
up and 3 to play: F. 8S. Douglas, Falrfleld, beat¢
Hamilton, Baltusrol, ty
Robbins, St. Andrews, beat Keginald brooks, Mea
dow Hrook, by 3up and 2to play; M
Yountakah, beat A. T. Dwight, Dyker Meadow, by
up and | to play; A Graham, North Jersey, beat (,

Li. Cory, Ardsley, by 2 up and 1 to play;

Ballou, Apa
Heid, Montelalr, by 2up and 1 to
lay; . C. Watson, Jr, Westbrook,
ochrane, St. Andrew's, by 4up and 2 to play
Travis, Garden ’
default; M. M
Harris, Montclair, by 2
A. L. Norris, Dyker Meadow, beat
Fairfield, by 6 up and 5 wo
Garden City, beat WoL.
up and 1 to play; ©
Haker, St Andrew's, by 6 up and 5 to

Nassau, by | up (19 holes)
wamts, beat T. T

Laurence Harbor,
nd i to play;

Devereaux Emmet
nom pson, Baltusrol,
ee Burn, beat J

Andrew's, by 2 up.
Harriman kept up his good work with Free- |
man in the afternoon, but he was not sosteady,
par holes alternating with wild ones
Kennaday won
from Tappin, while Douglas, although he broke
his drivers onthe thira hole, made a runaway
race of it with Robbins,
scree 2 8 88
Rodding. ,o.000e.
DOURIAS., coors eee’

won handily

The cards were:

oe
fue
Noe
eo8
eee
eee
ee2e
ee
2 Pe
2

to--

*Byegholes not played.

A surprise followed the Menzies and
match, for few supposed that the Berkeley boy
Andrew's stand-by

would defeat the old St,

The cards follow:

oe
avon

Both Norris and Graham i
met sald that
he had ever
1 down with 8 to go, but
awed to draw the iasue down to a puton the
seore for this match

   

8 was the bes

Heh ad heen

The best ball
shows the pace that was set

3’ 4-35—81

The ecards for the Graham aad Michael match
show the same sortor a finish

nNOS

 

venue
ee

niateh Was the
Watson, Jr.

A remarkable
Jt was between KR

 

 

When dormie, the former tor
the drive into the pond and next
mess of it through the green for the home hole
On the first and third holes
through Ballou leaving him a stimie
Ballou slipped as he played a brassey shot,
giving the match to Watso

auvvte
"couse
He ee
See ee
Fae
>~
Cees
vo

" eee

Extra holes Water

 

The summary follows
Second Round- Kennaday beat Ta

Z Douglas beat Robbins,
Grabam beat Michael, by 1 u

eeman, by 6 up and 4 to play;

 

   

The GlobeSWernicke Co,

FULTON AND PBARL STS.

Wernicke
“Elastic”
Bookcase

keeps even pace
with your books.
|

‘THE a |
|
|

ALSO “ELASTIC” CABINETS.
CARD INDEX
ne .

Ero,

DESKS

Kallou, by 1 up (twenty three holes); ‘Travis beag
Singer, by 4upand 3 to play; Norris teat Bromot py
lup, Seeley beat Menzies, by 4 upand Stopa

This aflernoon, besidrs the mateh play, there
will be a four-ball foursome, pust entres, top
teams from the different clubs,

At the Ardsley Club yesterday, {nthe seme
finals for the women'sJxemi-annual champone
ship, Miss Vandernoel beat Mrs. Ao De \
Cochrane by 4up and 8to play and Miss Brook
beat Mrs. MoM. Van Buren by Supand 2tojcay,
The finals will be played this afternoon

In the finals of the women’s champions! in at
the Morris County Golf Clib vesterda of
oneof the most exciting matches ever
for that event, Miss Kip beat Miss Murivurt uy
1 up after twenty holes.

 

ORANGE, May 24.—-The Golf Committee of the
Fasex County Country Club held a tieetine bist
night at which it Was reported that nine efile
had signifled their intent! n oof joining the Sew
Jersey State Golf League. A meeting of repre.

sentatives of the various organizations in the
League willbe heid at the Country Clib oa
Friday, Juned, at which time the peronre

t
organization will be effeeted. The clubs
the league are the Morris County t
Club, Baltusrol Golf Club, Lakewood Coif
Club) Montelair Golf Club, North Jersey Golf
Club, Yountakah Golf Club, Englewood Gif
Club, Hillside Golf and Tennis Chiboof Poon.
field and the Pssex County. Country Clit lhe
first tournament of the league will » held
during the fail tournament of the Essex County
Country Club. The winner of the final willbetha
golf champion of New Jersey for 100 The
challenge trophy willbe put up by the Essog
County Country Club

SHARKEY AND JEFFRIES MATCHED,

 

They Agree to Fight at the Club Offering the
Largest Purse on Aug, 25.

Jim Jeffries and Tom Sharkey were matched
again yesterday. The managers of the big
puilists met inthe afternoon até o'clock at the
Delavan House, and in about fifteen minutes @
contest was arranged. Tom O'Rourke acted
for Bharkey, while Billy Brady did the talking
for the champion. Billy Madden was there in
the interest of Gus Ruhlin, while Jacek Rose and
Joe Humphreys were on hand to make bids for

the encounter. Rose represented a syndicate
of sporting men who bave a clubhouse within
fifty miles of New York, which he says can seat
16,000 persons. Humphreys was the egent f
Hill Crowley of the Nutuneg A.C. of Hartford,
Conn, His bid was 662-8 per cent. of the 4
reeeipts ‘The club, he said, would i gree te
build a glass roof in case the men made up tocir
minds to fight there, and pietures of the bate
are to betaken, Brady broke the ice by declare
ing that Jeffries would fight Sharkey, and that
he had come there for the purpose of binding
a match,

“On what conditions
earnestly

“The same as their match at Coney Ts'and
replied Brady ‘Straight Queensberry rules,
no bandages, and for twenty-five rounds "

“That will suit) me," returned O'Rourka,
“How about the date and referee?”

“Well,” answered Brady, ‘“veffries has made
up his mind thathe has done a lot of flehting
since he becarne champion and is eager fora
rest. But he wants to engage in another fleht
before the first of September, when the ww
abolishing boxing in this State goes Into effect.
After that Jeffries will not flaht any one fora
year. The champion consequently will be pre-
pared to meet Sharkey on Saturday, Aug. 25,
and willinsist on Charley White as referee"

(Rourke said that both requests suited him
Then the question of clubs eameup Brady
said that despite reports to the contrary, he ig
net interested in the Westehester A. ¢
wanted to know if that club should happen to
ive the best incentive would he (O'Rourke)
let Sharkey flent there. O'Rourke said he
would, provided the offer was the lurgest 1
was accompanied by a eash deposit of &5.000,
which must go as a forfeit. Hradv gave his
consent to this, Then Al Smith was agreed
upon as final stakeholder, andall bids must be
placed in his hands by July 1

“One thing more before T vo.” said Brady

*Suppose MeCov should beat Sharkey on dune
25 and Rublin should also trim him
case T want it understood that the mateh is off
Is that satisfactory?”
BO Rourke nodded assent, and then Madden
chimed in: “If Ruhtin beats Fitzsimmons and
Sharkey,” he asked, “will you let Jeffries feht
Gus, Billy?"

“Certainly,” was Brady's reply. “He would
be a better drawing card then, you know.”

Another point which was settled was regard-
ing the forfeit. money. of $2,500, whieh both
Sharkey and Jeffries have already up with
Smith. Brady suggested that this be increased
to $5,000 each and O'Rourke acquiesced

“How about the articles? "asked O'Rourke

‘Let them go until to-morrow,’ replied
Brady

Rose then said “T will not offer any bid on

  

oe

inquired O'Rourke

  

  

 

behalf ofmy club, but T will state that shou
either Jeffries or Sharkey meet with an ace
dent my club will agree to fill the gap and hold
the battle after Sept. 1 The law abolishing
boxing takes effeet on Sept. band itwillheties
possible forthe feht to come off in this state
eafterthat date — | will post $6.000 on these eons
ditions.”’ Both Brady and O'Rourke gave thelr
word to entertain the proposition

Yacht Saghaya Launched,

The steam yacht Saghaya, built by Seabury
& Co. of Morria Heights for (harles Stewart
Smith and hisson, Howard ©. Smith, was
cessfully launched at 6:90 0'clock last even
As the yacht started down the ways tomake
her maiden plunge Mra, Howard © Smith breve
the bottle of wine on the vacht'’s bow and sald
“T christen thee Saghava.”” Saghaya isan Ine
dian word, meaning weleom wht is 127
feet over all, 103 feet on the water line, 16
6 inches beam and 6 feet 6 inches draught. She
js of composite construction Lhe Kee
Bternpost and deadwoods are of white oak,
while the frames, reverse frames, keelsous,
eiringer angles, breast hooks, stringer plates,
deck beams, floors, bulkheads, coal bunkers,
&c., are ofsteel. The planking is of vellow pine
in long lengths, fastened with bronze through
bolts. A large mahogany deckhous: is fitted
forward, arranged with butler’s pantry witha
dumbwaiter from the galley. The dining saloon
is inthe forwardend, with a buffet arranwed for
silver, Klussware, &c, A bridge for steering
from is on top of the deckhouse The yacht has
an electric lighting plant, steam heaters, and
earnes a naptha launch and three sta.) boats
She will have a trial trip to-morrow, and will co
in commission on Memorial Day

 

 

    

, stem,

 

 

“A substitute shines brightly as a king, until
a king be by. »

Not by Divine Right

The King of
Whiskeys

But because of its
Marvelous Value

Finest Qualit
Absolute Purity,

Sop Ever YWHERE.

CAHN, BELT @ CO.
Baltimere, Md,

 

4

aS

rsessoe