Se ee

eT sy seamen

 

ee

os
ee

l=

Se ee

;

 
   

ee
FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1000.
OO
Bubecriptions by Mall, Postpald.
DAILY, par Month seieeeesconeeccnccescocneay Ow
DAILY, per Year ees . 600
GUNDAY, per Year annese . 200
DAILY AND BUNDAY, per Year .. . #00

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added
THR SUN, New York City

Pamte—Kioeque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Bloeque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

IY our friends who favor us with manuscripte for
pedlication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

Widespread Guilt.

In St. Louls on Wednesday another de-
fender of law and order was murdered.
Duncan McRae, a special policeman pro-
tecting a street car, its operators and its

engers, was shot while performing his

duty. This killing of a man crowns the
riotous outrages upon the street car com-
pany and the general public of St. Louts,
which have covered practically the entire
line of travel for nearly three weeks.

Responsibility for this murder does not
rest wholly upon the shoulders of the crim-
{nal who fired the shot. The spirit of riot
has been cheered on by organized labor at
large and by the weak and short-sighted
emotionalists who look sympathetically on
abuses of right and property when the man
guilty of them belongs to a ‘labor union”
or has leas money than the victim of his
assaults

St. Louis is struggling stoutly against
disorder which these unfortunate influences
have begun and promoted. The city’s
efforts to protect itself should have the sup-
port of every honest man in America.

Filipinos Do Not Want Independence,

Gen. Scu wan says in his interesting letter
on conditions in the Phillppines that the
educated natives have no faith in the
fitness of their people to govern themselves,
and, for the most part, prefer American
rule; and that the great mass of the peas-
antry desire American rule or any other
that will wive them peace and order. A
Jarge part of both classes, however, are
afraid openly to declare in favor of Amert-
can rule, because they know that the in-
surgent Jeaders, even with a small follow-
ing, have in the past inflicted and may
again visit the most barbarous cruelties

fall into their hands

This statement is wholly in line with that
of President ScHURMAN, who, in his recent
address before the American Geographical
Bociety, declared that the Filipinos never
asked for independence from Spain, but
presented grievances and demanded redress;
and that since the islands passed ingo our
hands independence has been the shiloleth
merely of a few ambitious leaders, while
the masses, tired of war, crave only peace,
and the aspirations of the most intelligent
class will be satisfled with religious liberty,
eivil rights, and such extension of the
franchise as the people are capable of
exercising.

These views are further confirmed by the
able correspondent in the Philippines of the
Erening Post, who said in a letter which
that newspaper printed on March 16 last

“They (the Filipinos! are
settlement atany time elong
political freedom and re litle

quite open to imimedtate
trietly American lines,
18 freedom. Polltteal

 

 

freedom does not necessarily mean absolute political
independence. ‘The best fnformetton that T getas
sures me that ts not demanded and ts not really
wanted.”

The touching speetrele of 8,000,000 people
fighting for the iylependence of their coun-
try has in fact \. wholly evolved from
the imagination of the Aguinaldo party
inthe United States. The Filipinos have
not asked for independence, do not want it
and would not know what to do with it.
The remedy they do want for the evils they
have suffered for centuries is to be found
along the lines of the American poliey as
indicated by the Philippines Commission
protection for life and property, religious
freedom and local self-government where-
ever the people are capable of exercising it.

The Dificultics of Anti-Trust Legis-
lation,

Every political party which places candi-
dates in the fleld at the Presidential election
this vear will have something to say in its

platform against trusts, The diffleulty
of defining the precise thing which
{t is intended to denounce makes an

anti-trust plank safe enonglh for anybody.
No one can say that it will lead toward any
particular method of procedure in dealing
with the conmercial combinations which
are the objects of attack, "A trust ts a bad
thing; let's pitch into it!’ is the substance
of the politician's reasoning on the subjeet
Inthe recent debate in the Senate on the

Army Appropriation bill, Mr. Berry of
Arkansas proposed an amendment. pro-
viding that in making purchases for the

Commissary Department ‘preference shall
be given, all other things, ineliding price
and quality, being equal, to those producers,
manufacturers, merchants and dealers who

are not members of orin any way connected |
| order of preaching monks, the “' mission-

with any trust) or formed to
Produce, manufacture or sell the articles
Ywhich are being contracted for and pur
chased by the Commissary Department for
the military service The debate
followed showed how erude and ill-defined
are the ideas of representative men in the

combine

seriously advocates any such prohibition.

 

 

 

and yet nobody |

| goods from partnerships,

“The trouble with all these matters" sald |
the Senator from Nevada, ‘'is that youcon-
fuse the good with the evil. Isaid in the |
begining that the dificulty was in drawing |
the proper line. I have never been able to
do it and nobody else has been able todo it. |

| The only remedy that I have ever seen that |
| would be effective is competition, We |
| should pass no laws giving exclusive privi-
leges, Lat competition be untrammelled and
a free people will soon rid themselves to a
great extent of trusta.””

After Senator Proctor of Vermont had |
pointed out that the Jaw now limits the pur- |
chasing officer to buying Army supplies |
from the lowest bidder, and had intimated
that Mr. Berry's purpose in offering the

| amendment was merely to place the Repub-

| cans at a disadvantage because they did
not believe that trusts could thus be exter-
minated, the proposition waa rejected by a |
vote of 20 nays to 18 yeas.

It should be noted that in the course of
the debate Senator SEWELL of New Jersey
had the temerity to say a good word in

| favor of two of the greatest trade combi-

|

|

!
which |

| progress in this country, more especially,

national legislature in regard to the true |

ebaracter of trusts

Mr. Berry himself may have an accurate
Peture in his own mind of what constitutes
a truat, but when invited to tell the Senate,
by Mr. Pratt of Connecticut and Mr
SEWELL of New Jersey, he could only refer
to the Sherman Jaw and was obliged
concede that the deseription of a trust in
that statute was insufficient
law denounces as jlegal
combination in the form of a trust or other-

to

 

The Sherman
“every contract,
wise, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or
commerce among the several States or with
foreign nations.’ Here it may well he said
that the restricted element of the forbidden
combination is a public evil which it is
proper that the law should prohibit. But
Mr. Berry's proposed amendment to the
Army Appropriation bill would prevent the
Commissary-Gieneral from dealing with
any combination of persons or corpora-
tions “formed to produce, manufacture or
sell the articles’ which the Government
desired to buy, although the combination
might exercise no restraining influence
whatever upon trade or competition. As
was pointed out by Mr. Stewartrof Ne-
vada, the language of the amendment
would prevent the military authorities of
the United States from purchasing any

|

torates

: | corporations designed to make money in
upon peace-loving men and women who |

nations now in existence, the Standard Oi)
Company and the Sugar Trust. ‘* The Stand-
ard Oil Company,” said the General, ‘has
lit up the world at a cheaper rate than ite
predecessors ever did,’ and the 6o-called
Sugar Trust ‘has cheapened the price of
sugar every day since the combination, and
has been a benefit to the whole world, and
particularly to the United States.”

The difficulty of dealing with great trade
combinations by legislation is appreciated
in quarters where such breadth of view
might hardly be expected. Even such a
socialistic leader as Evarne V. Dens refuses
to join in the howl at the Republican party
for not making and enforcing more anti-
trust laws. Inarecent interview at Cleve-
land he {s quoted as saying:

‘*Much bas been sald against the Republican party
because of the great combination of capital during
the last four years, but in reality the party fs not re
sponsible for that at all, atleast not directly. This
great concentration is but a natural step in the prog-
ress of events, and while it might perhaps have been
retarded to some extent by legislation you might as
well legislate against the force of gravity. That there
will be concentration ts certain, The question now ts
whether it will be controlled by a few Individuals or by
and for the benefit of the people at large."’

If anything is attempted, however, in the
way of law-making by Congress or in any
State against the trusts. ihe greatest care |
will have to be iaken to avoid putting down
the good tn endeavoring to put down the
bad. <A precise definition of the trade
combination which is to be deemed |
unlawful will be essential. That defini- |
tlon must not include partnerships or

the ordinary methods that have been sane-
tioned for years by the customs of the mer-
cantile community. The element which is
to constitute illegality must be distinctly
indicated. This can be done tn a statute,
if the statute is drawn with sufficient
eare. It was done in a judicial deci-
sion when the courts of this State dis-
solved the North Kiver Sugar Refining Com-
pany for joining the Sugar Trust, on the
ground that it was a violation of law fora
manufacturing corporation to enter into a
partnership. The only effective legislation
against trusta will be found in the enact-
ment of some simple rule like this, capable
of comparatively easy enforcement,

In dealing with this subject Congress will
have to take care whom it hits. There is
danger lest ittread on the toes of the farm-
ers. There was organized recently at Abilene
the Knights of the Soil. Fach lodge is
called a Head Farm and is presided over by
a Head Farmer. The purposes of the or- |
ganization are thus stated

‘Itisin the natureof a trust, !n which farmers of
the West are to be interested) Members are to make re
ports tothe Supreme Farm, or Lodge, as required by
the head officers, of the number of acres of given grains
retsed and the crop heldin stock It 1s proposed that
the lodges shall help thelr members to hold their
grain for higher prices. and that there shall be mutual
assistance given to those who are in need *

A similar combination of manufacturers |
would be regarded in Kansas aa a highly
objectionable trust, which should be
stamped out by law. But we have fre-
quently observed that It makes a great
deal of difference whose ox is gored.

}

The Transformation of Methodism,

The abolition of the system of itinerancy
by the Methodist General Conference on
Wednesday affords another among many
evidences of the very great change which
has come over Methodism of recent years.

Following the example of the Apostles,
Wersiey, {ta founder, travelled about
preaching his doctrines and would cone
tinue in no one place longer than a few
days. Lay preachers commissioned by him
as "helpers were also appointed to “' cir-
cults."’ In the early days of this country
that itineraney gave Methodism a great |
advantage over the religious denomina-
tions with stationary pastors; and con-
sequently it rapidly developed into the moat
numerous of the Protestant Churches
“ We have found by long and constant expe-
rience,’ said Wesury, ‘that a frequent
exchange of teachers 1s best, ‘This preacher |
has one talent, that another. Noone whom
1 ever knew has allthe talents which are |
needful for beginning, continuing and per-
fecting the work of gracein a whole con- |

|
|

 

gregation.”’ That is, the Methodist preach-
ers were organized as missionaries, some-
what after the plan of the special religious

ers’ of the Roman Catholic Church,

This system of the itinerancy gave to |
Methodisin a distinetive feature in Protes-
tantism and contributed essentially to its |

As the system developed, along with the |
growth in population, the length of time for
a preacher to remain in the same " charge ''
was gradually extended from six months to
one year, totwo years, to three vears, and
finally, in 188%, to five years, and now, by |
the decision of the General Conference on
Wednesday, the time limit is abolished alto-
The Bishop presiding over the local
conference will still make the appoint. |
ments annualiy, but the new rule leaves |
to his discretion the matter of a transfer
and permits the retention of pastors by |
churches desirous of keeping them. How
it will work practically is problematical. |
Inthe Bishops’ Address to the General
Conference they reported that the experience
of twelve years under the last extension of
the limit from three to five years had
shown thatactually the average duration
of the pastoral term had been increased
‘but slightly, ifat all,” and thatin practice
“only a small proportion of our pastors
remain inthe same charge for five years,"
The Bishops advised, therefore, either a,
return to the three years’ limit or the |
removal] of the time limit altogether
The desire for more permanency in pas-

comes chiefly from the urban |
churches and their pastors; but in New

York, at least, where Methodism is not |
relatively so powerful as elsewhere, its

gether

  

 

!

' skins than to be chief and captain,

| called “contract surgeons,’

} quarters, and for travel pay and

{ and

——_——————

character, as compared with the early
model, has changed very radically, The
plain meeting house of the past has given

   
 

  

 

place to pretentious church architecture, |

and with that development have come in
worldly tastes and ambitions among the
Methodists, ‘They are no longer a“ peculiar
people,” and the enthusiastic fervor which
once marked their devotional exercises
is now regarded as being bad manners,

| WrsLey would hardly recognize them for

Methodists—for the grave and humble-
minded people to whom ridicule gave their
designation becanse of their plain’ and
methodical manner of life. The day has
arrived against which he warned his
disciples, when wealth having come in at
the door religion has flown out at the
window.

Even in the rural districts the distingulsh-
ing features of Methodism during its first
century have passed away largely. The
flory campmectings, from which it drew iis
most powerful stimulus in this country, have
lost their old character and become cold
and tame and have been secularized to a
great extent; and the chill has checked the
growth of Methodism, Moreover, the scep-
ticiam introduced by scientific criticism of
the Scriptures has entered Into its theolog-
{cal seminaries and its ministry. Method-
{ats ambitious of social advancement are
discontented with the * methodical life’ and
ita surroundings, and are dropping away into
more fashionable churches. As the Bishops
say in their Addreas, ‘the seriousness of
life seems largely forgotten, its opportunl-
ties of usefulness unoccupied, and the love
of the passing world gaining in maaterful-
neas."’ Once, Methodists were distinguished
by the plainness of their attire, the aus-
terity of their lives and the piety of their
speech, but that day has gone by.

The abolition of the system of the itin-
erancy on Wednesday is only the latest step
toward the complete transformation of the
original Methodism which is now going on,

 

A Votce for War.

Dr. WruuraM Everetr of Massachusetts,
yold Democrat and golden-mouthed orator,

emerges from too long a silence to say that
his voice is still for war. He will not have
Bryan. Hewill not have MeXininy, He
advises the Geld Democrats to “construct
aplatform and name candidates of their
own, which shall stand for the traditions of
the fathers, the needs of the hour and the
claims of posterity.”

Dr. Evenetr loves to be inthe minortty:
and the smaller the minority the greater
his Joy. He wants air and freedom. Hea
had rather wander in sheepskins and goat-
We
don't know how many other frreconcilables
there are for whom McKIsiry is too good
and Bryan too bad; but they could find no
more brilllant, positive and courageous
leader than this same WILLIAM EVERETT,
Heis one of the most original and effective
of publie speakers, He hasserved one term

development of the material resources of the |
States of the South, and especially such as are
productive of coal andiron and are substituting |
manufacture for agriculture. The annual meet-
ing of the American Medico-Paychologtcal As- |
sociation was held in Richmond on May 22 to
consider the conditions and treatment of
the Insane and to provide for the preserva-
tion of medico-psychological teachings and the
designing and construction of homes and |
institutions for the feeble-tninded and inaune, |
On July 7, in Charleston, the National Educa. |
tional Association, at which {t ts expected that
over ten thousand persons will be Inattendance,
will meet to consider more modern methods for |
the edneational interest {In the South, The

| active or permanent members of the aasoci-

 

 

in the House of Representatives, a longer |

life in office than most Massachusetts Demo-
erats have been able to have in our time,
He knows a lot of men and things,
Among the latter are American politics and
history from their beginning. And he is a
good fellow, if aterm so famillar may be
applied to a scholar so respected

If the Gold Democrats take Dr. Everert’s
advice, they should take him also,

Army ‘‘Contract Surgeons.'’

A bill for the relief of the acting assistant
surgeons of the Army has been introduced
into the Senate by Mr. Foraker, and {s now
before the Committee on Military Affairs

The acting assistant surgeons, generally
were emploved
during the Spanish war, and many of them
are still employed inthe Philippines and at
posts inthis country. These surgeons are
hired by the month, at the rata of $160;
they wear Army uniform without any
badge or indication of rank, and they
perform all the duties that regular Sur-
geons perform at larger salaries. Accord.
ing to the preamble of Mr. FoRAKER'S
bill, their contracts provided for quarters
and ‘presumably for commutation of
quarters, when Government quarters were
not furnished, as well as for pay while on
leave of absence either sick or ordinary;
but all of these allowances have been dented
by the Comptroller of the Treasury.

Another less tangible but none the leas
irritating grievance is that, owing to the
fact that contract surgeons are not com-
missioned, or even in the Army, they are
not eligible to membership in the Loyal
Legion, or even in the Grand Army, not to
apeak of the societies sprung from the
Spanish war. Senator FoRakeER alms to
remedy these hardships

‘The bill provides that hereafter all con-
tract surgeons shall have the allowances
and privileges of First Lieutenants, except
the pay, which shall continue to be $150
amonth, It provides further that acting
assistant surgeons appointed since May 1

’

| 1803, shall be paid for sick leave and for
' ordinary leave not to exceed thirty days in

each year of service; and gives them the
right to file claims for back pay for such
periods of leave, for commutation § of
allow-
ances, “which may have been withheld
from or not paid to therm.”

Other sections provide that acting as-
sistant surgeons appointed since May 1

| 1808, shall be commissioned as First Lieuten-
| ants, the commissions to expire when they

are discharged honorably, those who have
served a year to have their commissions
dated from the expiration of their first
year’s service, and on passing a physical
examination to commissioned Captain
after two years’ service. Extra pay is al-

be

| lowed to contract surgeons on their honor-

able discharge if they have served outside
of the United States, and travel pay and
allowances are provided, The bill gives to
contract surgeons preference for appoint-
ment in the Medical Corpsof the Army and

the Navy and in the Marine Hospital Ser- |

vice, and opens to them the National Homes
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers

The bill is very complete, and appears to
full justice to the acting assistant
surgeons. These medical men have proven
their value in the fleld in Cuba, Porto Rico,
and the Philippines, as well as at the forta
of this They have
served under fire, and, except for the ab-
sence of the cross of St. John from their
collars, have been indistinguishable from
the permanent Army medical staff. The
bill will not involve any large amount of
money, and its passage will not create any
other precedent than that of keeping a
promise, We see no reason why the bill
should not pass

to do

country

posts

There is no dearth of non-political “con-
ventions” in the South this year. The Mont-
gomery conference of May 8 for the discussion
of race problems under the auspices of the
Southern Society was followed by the Southern
Industrial Convention in Chattanooga on May
15 for the more progressive and comprehensive

 

et eeenerientianiemriesiinentincaiiticnnesennesnsennaiseninsnesnnieninapietiaiiamainnanatnnmmanEiti

ation number 2,200, In connection with the
conference there will be an exhibit of school
work, including some exhibits of manual train-
ing.

The reunion of the Society of the Army of the
Potomac will be held at Fredericksburg, Va., to-
day, and on May 30 the reunion of the Confed-
erate veterans will be held at Loulaville, Ky

Give us a Democrat.—Cincinnats Enquirer
Where are you going to get him? Take your
Populist medicine and try to look happy.

Tt is not easy to estimate the Hon. Fpwarp
Oniver Wotcort’s actual political wetght on
the Republican Presidential ticket with W11-
LIAM MCKINLEY, renominated, but, to para-
phrase the language of the astounded passengers
whom Mark Twaln’s pilot, Mr. B——., had just
taken over the shoals, the Colorado statesman
would make a “lightning candidate.”

It {s fortunate for the country that when it
has @ nervous, discouraged, pessimistic and
complaining statesman in the Senate, like the
Hon. Evarns HAs of Maine, tt should have
in the same body a calm, resolute, far-seeing
and patriotic American of tho Intellectual
calibre and moral quality of JouN C, SPOONER
of Wisconsin

Senator HALE's argument that we should
desist from expanding because some of our
agents {n Havana have committed fraud, car-
ried to its logical conclusion, would canse the
abandonment of the New York municipal gov-
ernment because yesterday the Comptroller
reported a defaleation on the part «f a
deputy

Probably no American statesman looked with
greater instinctive aversion upon expansion
than Senator SvooneR, and yet no one's Justi-
fieation and advocacy of {t has been more
searching and conclusive,

What means this dark saying in the Boston
Record?

“Speaker MYERS hag broken four gavels.”

Has the Hon James Jerrerson MYERS an une
usually stron ght arm and passion for order,
or is the Massachusetts House of Representa-
tives an unusually unruly body?

 

The harmless amusement of talking about
sending the Hon, Jacopvs JOMNANNES CORBETT
to the House of Representatives should recall
admiring glances to the Hon. Goosg IsLanp
Noonan, & Chicago statesman in that body
He is beautiful and accoroplished, famed in
many arts and in many athletic diversions; but
he is especially glorious for his energy as a
boxer. Probably Mr. Noonan, who has sclence
and damnable reach, could outbox any man itn
the present House, but that may bea too partial
opinion, for there are @ number of tall men of
their hands in tt

What has become of that resolution to place
inrepairthe Dewey Arch? Surely the committee
realizes that mere good intentions, while trad)-
tionally serviceable as paving stones, are yet of
themselves quite powerless to replace wooden
beams and renew plaster panels. Six months
have seen matters go from bad to worse

In his retirement at Lincoln Col. Bryan is
no longer visible in the act of “holding aloft the
flaming sword of truth and jusifoe for Popu-
listic measures," but the world knows that he {sa
there and is grateful. But medical men are
still unable to cure his bad case of amnesia. Hea
has forgotten his unfulfilled prophecies of 1898
and has never given up the prophetic
Possibly the flaring sword hurta the inward as
well as the outward eye

ne

That amateur of the impossible, Gen. Sampo
Bow Les as invaded Connecticut and is now
trying to unite “all Democratic conservative
reforin citizens of Nutmegia to ‘oppose the

empire lo the admirers of consistency it
is wratifving to seethat Gen. SAMBO BowLes
continues his long opposition to the empire of
reason

According to the Atlanta Journal Mr, Ewin
MARKHAM ‘is recognized not only as a poet,
but a seer also,” and {s a ‘new apostle of hu-
manity Why this cold and measured praise?
Is not tie Hon. J. GORDON COOGLER recognized
as 4 poet, a seer and a new apostle of bu-
manity?

 

IN SOUTH APRICA,

Having evacuated their positions north of the
Rhenoster River, the Boers have taken the only
course left themin the face of the overwhelm-
{ng numbers handled by Lord Roberts, and are
falling baek behind the Vaal. What thetr in-
tentions may be after crossing that river are
dificult to discern amid the confusing rumors
coming in fromall directions, but they must be
regulated by possible movements up the Vaal
from below Klerksdorp Already a Pretoria de-
spatch speaks of alarge British force being at
Greviings Drift on the Vaal, twenty-five miles
from Wolmarans Stad, which is about fifty-five
miles southwest of Klerksdorp. The contin-
gency of amovement from Mafeking has also
to be taken into aecount. Meanwhile Lord
Roberts is following up the retreating Boers
with his cavalry and mounted infantry, but at
last aecounts had not come up with thematany
point

In Natal Gen. Buller {s reported from the
Roer camp at Volksrust to be fortifying his ad-
vance at Schuins Hoogte, the scene of one of the
the British defeats in February, 1431, while he
has sent a force acroas the Buffalo River from
Ingogo, presumably to turn the le(t of the Boer
position at Laings Nek by the road running
north to Volksrust. As this road runs under
Pog wani Hill, which was strongly fortified by
Gen, Joubert at the outset of the war and
through a rough country, there may be some
brisk fighting before the Boers are forced
to retire, the more so as the Wakker-
stroom commando, the local levy, has
been brought up from the Free State to
take part in the defence of thelr own
district. Some flghting is also said to have
taken place at Bothas Pass directly west of
Schuins Hoogte, onthe road leading into the
State, This road makes straight for
Vrede, thirty miles to the westward, the latest
capital of the Free State. Should Gen, Buller
sucered in forcing this pass, the position of
the remaining Boer commandos in the country
to the southward becomes critical, It is already
reported that the commando at Ficksburg has
retired north to Bethlehem

‘The disaster that befel a squadron of Beth-
une's Horse on Sunday last was at Scheepers
Nek, about eight miles southwest of Vrrheid
The whole of the squadron with its officers, five
in nuraber, wereeither killed, wounded or capt-
ured, According to the Boer account they
were met by theswaziland commando, the fight
lasting an hour, at the end of which the British
had twenty-seven killed, twanty-flve wounded,
and the rest with two Maxim guns were cnapt-
ured. ‘The Boers also report the surprise
of a British patrol near Mount Prospect, south
of Laings Nek, in which the British lost twen-
ty-one killet and wounded. Numbera of Roer
families are said to be trekking into the moun-
tains in the northern part of the Transvaal, and
the Government archives are being removed to
Lydenburgh, where large stores of provisions
have been accumulated, as also at a place called
Speloken, further north, all which are rather
indieations of an intention to continue the re-
sistance than of surrender. The statements
that Pretoria was to be abandoned are again
contradicted: the matter will probably remain
{n doubt until the last moment,

ENR ANT Rr) «y

A CARD FROM BISHOP WHIPPLE.

Denial of a Atatement Regarding Porto Rico |

 

Attributed to Him by Father Sherman,

To Tae Epiton or Tas Sun—-Sir: In the
Pioneer Preaa of to-day is a letter by Father
Sherman of the Roman Catholic Church, tn
Which he tells the public that in my recent Te- |
port on Porto Rico 1 said: ‘Father Sherman
and others have told me sad stories of tho im-
morality of the priesthood and people Ihave
never made this statement, 1 have never had
the pleasure of meeting the son of my old and
dear friend, Gen. Sherman,

Some months ago the leading papers of the
country published an interview with Father
Sherman, and it was to this interview which I
referred (and which I have not seen denied by
FatherSherman till now) when I said Father
Sherman and others have already told the sad
atory

Promtnent residents of Porto Rico have moro
than confirmed the statements of that pub-
lished Interview

The fact that multitudes of people are living
together without Christtan marriaca, owing to
the poverty of the people and their inability to
pay the marriage fees, was told me by one who
knows better than any one else the social con-
dition of the island of Porto Rico.

If the moral condition of the {sland and the
Christian faithfulness of the Roman Catholio
priests have been what Father Sherman's letter
would {mply, no one will rejoloe more heartily
than myself, Those who know me know that I
have never in my Eptscopate made an attack
uponang who love the Lord Jesus Christ. I
alluded to the religious condition of Porto Rico
{n order to show the grave responsibility which
reats upon all Christian people of the irae
States to do all in their power for the upliftin
of this people who, in the providence of God,
have been placed under our care.

At the recent election, the condition of suf-
frage was that any male adult could vote who
had paid a dollar tax the previous year, or could
read and write. Gen, Davis informed me that
fifty thonsand votes were cast, of which one-
half belonged to each class. He estimated that
over eight hundred thousand people could

neither read nor write. ,
H. B Wrtpprr, Rishop of Minnesota,

Faripavut, Minn., May 22.

Gen. Sheridan and Cedar Creek.

To Tuy Enitor oF Tur Svx- Sir: The inter-
view at Boston with Gen, 8. Hl Manning, wherein
he acenses Lieut.-<Gen, Philip H. Sheridan of
wrongfully taking unto himself the credit of
snatching vietory from defeat at Cedar Creek,
comes, after alapse of thirty-five vears, rather
late to influence any one in their high regard
for that gallant cavalry oMecer. And coming
as it{does from a Quartermaster-General, who,
every soldier knows, bad nothing to do with
the movements of the army, {t will have no
bearing on the history of that historical battle.

Gon. Sheridan had been to Washington, and
on his revurn had rested over night at Win-
chester, Hearing heavy cannonading in the
morning, he was {informed by an orderly that
his troops were being engaged. Mounting his
horse be made his famons ride, and, as history
truthfully records, came up to his defeated and

demoralized army, It was due to the good
generalstip and deliberate purpose of Gen,

  

Sheridan that the routed. army was reformed,
another charge made on the Confederate, Gen-
Eariv, and victory won at Cedar Creek. The

Confederate troops made ti. cir most determined
sinnd at Middietown, which was the turning
pointin the hattle

On reaching hia soldiers Gen. Sheridan said
“Boys, | warrant vou will sleep in your old
Quarters to-night," and that they did was due
to Gen, Sheridan, Lwas an eyewitness to this
historieal event, heing ean orderly on Gen
Sheridan’s staff, having accompanied him on all
his famous ralds, and know whereof I speak
The result of the battle was the capture of
forty-eight pieces of art{ilery and 10,600 prise
onere

Congress cave Gen. Sher dan a vote of thanks,
premoted him toa Major-Gonera

Such slanders as thatof Gen Manning are an
outrage on the fair name ofa brave nnd gallant
so.dier, Which should be resented by every fulr-
minded veteran. It could only emanate from
amind inspired by fealousy against a com-

ander who never had a weal point in his

  
    

ke-up and who was loved and respected by
every subordinate WititraM Bacn,
Serceunt Company K, 128th NY. Volunteers

Hipson, N

Troe Story of the Texas ‘' Mutiny."

TO THR Forron oF THE SrN--Ste> The facts
as to thealleged “mutiny” on the Texas were as

ws

lheecrew of the Texas dif not miutiny--the dis-
turbance was confined to a few individual The men

alres een tried by @weneral court-mattial be

fore reaching this portandttisa fact, whichesnu be
proven by reference to General Court-Martlal Order
No. f, issued by Rear Admiral Farquhar, that the |

tterm of confinement awarded was two years,

it fee years as stated.

longs
andr

It tsnot true that the ‘crew wacin a condition of
{insubordination during the whole cruler’ the
tronble, what there was of {t. was made by a few
would be tough men Also,

j
petty oMeer’ quoted gethis authority to sav what the
|
|
|

where does the “chief
Navy Department thinks about this matie:, and what
it supposes?

Where does he get his authortty to state that the
executive officer of the ship threatened to report the
ineldent tothe Navy Department? Not a whisper of
such athing had been heard on board (hts vessel,
and the executive oMferr ts not likely to make a con-
fidant of a chief petty oMceron such a subject

The inetdent recited therein in regard to the
swain'’s mate, not “bos'n,” being killedat Galveston
does not concern the Texas atall, asthe man killed
belonged to the Machtas. and the killing was done

’

 

doat-

the captain of a local steamer. The “y
the officers warning the men before trou i
{s, In my opinion, A wood deal of a ghost story, and
the allegation thatthe men took belaying pions at ley
Westand started to clearthe decks is a Fanricait h
Itisdoubtful if the master at-arms reeetred such an
order as to shoot any man disobeying orders, aa
stated. There was no occasion for such a desperate
Measure

In regard to the statement of the “chtef petty of-
cer,’’ who claims to lave agen ag officer with a gun
in his hand levelled at his fellow man and the master
atarms also with a gun raised to fire atthe first move
ment, is statements ean be no other than the hallu
cinations of some form of “dope,”’ and his statement
that he shivered as he “didn't at Guantanamo”; tt Is
very probably true that he “didn't at Guantanamo,”’
and was probably cooling his heelson some receiving
ship, safe ina Untted States port.

It is very doubtiul if this ‘chief petty officer” wasa
witness at this court martial atall, and, asa chief
petty oMeer myself, I wish to state that there te nota
chief petty officer on board this vessel (and there are
qulfe & number) who would be guilty of such an at-
tack on the reputation and character of his ship
mates.

‘The writer ts Informed by two of the men who wit-
nessed the performance of “lhe Runaway Girl" last
evening, {n uniform, that the passers bj cast looks
upon them as!f they were some kind of wild beast, all
{n consequence of the sensational articles which
were published in the papers yesterday. ‘These same
men had stood by thelr guns manfully off Santiago
when the Mayors of our seacoast cities were telegraph
ing to the Navy Department for men-of-war Ww protect
thetr barbors, and this ty thelr reward!

The writer Is obliged to request that his name be
withheld, as the Navy regulations are somewhat
Strict lu regard to correspondence with newspapers,
but wishes toassure the editor of THE SUN that he
was attached t the Texas before and after the
ineldents of which so much has been made, and isin
4 position to know the facts.

A CHIFP PETTY OFFICER.
U_S.S, TEXAS 1at Rate. Navy Yard, New YorK,
May 24

  

  

 

 

 

The Twelfth, N, G. N.Y,

TO THR EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: Having
notieedin THE SUN in regard to the Twelfth Regt-
ment's, N.G. N.Y. ,conduct at Creedmoor on Saturday,
Iwish to say that !f all the other regiments were as

Good as the Twelfth Regiment they would be all right
As you know, the rain fell in torrents on Saturday
and there ts 4 rumorthat the meu were drinking
whiskey, of which | have rodoubt butl donot blame
them at all, as they only did so to keep up thelr nerves
and to steady their alm.

Some claim that they drank to excess, but any man
witheommon sehae could see that tf they drank to
excess thry could not have done such gx d sty ating
and march up Fifth avenue onthe way home as
straightasa pole. [think Col. Dyer should be proud
of such a good record for his regiment. As faras
falsely getting medalsis concerned, | think (tts alla
faree i sa ‘ PLtAM Ii. KInG,

n admirer of the Twelfth Regiment.

New Yorn, May 23 os

Royal Flush and Joker.

TO THE ENIToR oF THE SUN--Sfr: Why wastt
not possible for the winner of the $12,000 pot to have
held a royal flush, and Judge Howard four aces? Aa
the game I played in some parts of the West the Joker
constitutes a fifihace: and, if I remember righty, I
have seen the fifth ace used in Now York

FRANK ALMIRETY.
INDRPENDENCR, Col., May 16

 

 

It is true there are numerous corruptions of the noble
game of poker, the Joker being the worst, but forty
nately that ts still so rare that unless specifically men-
toned It !s not to be counted tn.

|
|
Decision Rests With the Committee on Admis-
stons,
To Tae EDITOR Ov THe SUN—Sir: Would the
others object to Steven Satan of ourcity? W.H. 3
Passaic, N. J., May 20.

    

 

A SPANISH COLONY REVOLTS.

  

PATE OF THE BROADWAY TreEs3,

Spain Sends a Battalion of Troops From Cadis | It Will Take Cash to Save Them--Appoing.

to Fernando Po,

Tho largest and finest of the voloanic Islands
inthe Gulf of Guinea is Fernando Po, whose
surface, mostly mountainous, has about haf
the area of our Long Island It is the only

) considerable island left to Spain in the Atlantic

except the Canaries Ithasonlya few hundred
Spanish eolonists, but is capable of large devel-
opment All the cultivated tropical plants
flourish in the rich lowlands, and those of the
temperate zone do finely on the middle slopes
of the mountains The plantations of cacao,

|

sugar and tebaceo were mostly developed by |
Cuban exiles, few of whom are now inthe |

island, as they preferred to return to their na-
tive land when permitted to do so.

‘To-day the Spaniards there are In a state of
revolt against the home Government A de
apatch from Madrid about four weeks ago an-
nounced thata battalion of soldiers had been
embarked from Cadiz for the island upon the
announcement of ita Governor that troops were
urgently needed. The Kolonial Zeitachnfe
gives the history of the trouble

It kaya that many of the colonists had been
maltreating their negro workmen, brought
from the neighboring coast of British
Guloea, and the blacks appealed to Sefior
Duenas, Governor of the faland, who, after in-
vestigation, decided that the accused persons

‘werein the wrong and fined them $25 each.

Encournged by the success of their first appeal
the natives complained to the Governor a seo
ond time, thongh they now had no serious griev-
ances, The Governor, however, inclined to fa-
‘vor them, advised them not to return to their
masters, Hehimself gave them work on the
gunboats and pontoons at wages higher than
they had been receiving.

Then the other black workmen, encouraged
by the success of thetr comrades, abandoned the
plantationsand factories and asked the Gov-
ernor to givethem work, Ther would not ifs-
ten to his advice to return to their employers,
and so the Governor profited by the presence
of an English steamship to send all the malcon-
tents back to the Gninea coast.

The plantation owners and merchants who
were thus deprived of their laborers and other
employees addressed a protest to the Governor
in most energetiolanguage. They told him he
had used the name and power of Spain to In-
flict great injury upon them, He had acted
most unjustly by his interference with the im-
ported laborers, upon whom they were wholly
dependent for field hands. They declared that
they had enough of Spanish domination,

Information also came to the Governor that
the planters had held a meeting and had voted
toappen) to oneof the Powers, elther England
or Germany, to place the island and their inter-
ests ynder ita protection. The meeting had
appoinied a committee to formulate and for-
ward this appeal

Gov Duenas at onoe arrested several of the
men who were safd to be leaders in this move-
ment and {mprisoned them on a gunboat, A
few davs later, however, he thought {t discreet
to release them, as the feeling against him and
the Spanish régime was very high and he feared
fresh troubles, which, as he was very weak {na
rrilitary sense, he might be unable to over-
come

This ie the reason that troops have again been
senttoaSpanish colony. Itis well known that
Germany would be very happy to take Fer-
nando Po under her wing. The German colon-
{sta at the Cameroons, on the mainland, are
unanimonely ef the opinion that {t would be to
thelradveantage to annex the beautiful island
to theireolony

THE EXCHANGE OP BONDS,

No Truth in the Kamor That the Secretary of
the Treasory Woald Saspend It.

WASHINGTON, May 24 -Owing to a rumor elr-
culated in Wall Street vesterday that the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasury would suspend the ex-
change of old bonds for the new 2 per cent.
bonds, (he Treasury has received in thelast two
days $5504.00 worth af bonds for exchange.
Thereis no trutiinthernmor When the Seo-
retary of the ‘Lreasury decides to give notice
that euch a suspension will be made he will de-

sire that the greatest publicity be given to the
matier nd banks, bond houses and individu-
als wil uave plenty of time to exchange their

bonds before exchange is stopped. The Seere-
tary has the power under the law to suspend
the ex woing or, but esnid to-day
that he has nointention ot giving any euch no-
thee to this effect. When he does it will be for
the purpose of hurrying up the proceas of ex.
change, just aa this rumor has hurried in over
five millions of the bonds the last two days,
when heretofore the average for some time past
lias be ssthana millionaday. Theamount
depost to-day for exchange WAs $3,194,800
and yesterday $2,400,100,

THE MILK QUESTION.

hanwve
hariare

  

 

 

The Oleomargarine Interest Speaks.

To THE EpitorR or THe Scn—Sir:; The
letter published {n this morning’s Sun from the
Chenango County Committee on Correspond-
ence of the Five States Milk Prodnoers’ Associa-
tlon leads us to request the courtesy of your
columna for our views of the subject from the
oleomargarine standpoint.

The recent statement of matertala used in the
production of oleomargarine in the United
States for the year 1809, furnished by the In-
ternal Revenue Department to the House of
Representatives, shows the following ingredi-
enta used:

MEBs scrsthntecrss
Cream
Hutter

++ 14,250,576 pounds.
eeKeree Sonenens 3,627,419 pounda
1,868,319 pounds.

As the New York laws prohibit the manufao-
ture of oleomargarine, the New York farmers

did not furnish any of the above material
When oleomargarine was manufactured in New
York some fifteen dears ago milk ruled at
higher prices. The Oleomargarine Jaw benefita
selely the commission merchants and injures
the producers of milk

New York State does not produce suMfcient
butter of fine qualtty for tha New York city
market, which probably uses ninety-five tube
of Western-made butter to five tubs of New
York make

Ihe following extract from the July, 1896, re-
pore of the Hon, George W. Roosevelt, United
States Consul to Brussels, Beleium, deserves
the consideration of all milk producers:

Some time since France sent a delegation to Hol-
land for the purpose of studying the methods em-
ployed there for the suppression ef frauds In butter
making: and also to ascertain {f the manufacture of
margarine (oleomar@arine, buttertne) has been favora
ble to agricultural interests The report contains the
attestation of sever. Mayors of communes tn south
ern Holland, showing that since the ftutroduction of
the margarine industry In that country, notonly has
the price of milk increased, but also the number of
cattle, which plainiy shows that the tndustry tn ques-
ton has become a souree of profit to the farmers.

JERSEY CITY, May 25. AMMON & PrRSON.

se eewerenrene

 

A Court-Martial for Neely?

To THE Eptron oF Tre Stn-—Str: The author-
{ty of the United States over Cuba is, at praesent,
a military protectorate, and although certain
temporarily appointed officers, including Neely,
are charged with civil functions, they are none
the less amenable to discipline, or punishment
if guilty, by the military power by which they
were appointed Cuba {s ao foreign Stato,

   
   

 

temporarily under protection by military au-
thority, until the establishment of a Cuban
etvil government free from foreign protection
If t) + be true why cannot an appointee o
iry power be tried by a court-martial

 

 

the m

ist as wellase civillan who is 4 eautler, or any
‘ camp follower?
The authority which appotnta should have
the authority to discipline fi any offence which
could not have been conimitted except through
the possession of the power conferred by the
appointing power

if this view be sound in principle, Neely, or
any other occupying his position can be tried
by a court-martial whenever and wherever he
ean be brought before such a court; and no ques.
tion of extradition need {nvolve the cate tn
AlMoultiv Swift punishment for peculationa
by appointees under our protectorate should
come from military courts. The United States
Supreme Court has held that a mere citizen
who has disobeyed an order of the President
calling forth the militia may be tried by a cot

 

martial, and that such @ court need not be
organized under the “Articles of War."
May 2 a. ©

Imitative,
From the Clereland Plain Dealer
“Bixby's dog isagreatimitator. He ean stand fon

| his hind legs and drink from a bottle’

“I suppose he has often seen his master do that”
Staff!
From the Albany E'rening Journal.
As for Mr. Hazel, bis political success proves thet
be will make a fair and bonest Judge,

ments by Rapid Transit Enginoer,

The Rapid Transit Commissionom gaya
another hearing yesterday tothe mombera of
the West End Riverside Park and Morningatda
Park associations, Who are anxious to have
the trees in the middie of the Broadway pari.
way saved from injury by the tunnel decor
They are apparently not aati fled with the .»
vision inthe Rapid Transit contract, by whi}
John Bo MeDonald must set outa new tren
the place of every old) tree removed or do
stroved, They want the old trees preserved
One plan they suggested was two-#ide ty)
nela instead of central tunnel, They

were not prepared to provide the ext,
money this would coat. They were tof
id
d

 

one

that the contract had been #ianed ay

© uld not be altered, Yesterday thay suegect

that the old trees be transplanted and be py
back after the tunnel was dug. The cost of
this would be considerable, President Orr tod
them that the contractor coull not be ealjed
upon to do anythirte not proxided for {1
contract and that the Rapid Transit: Coy
sioners could not spend any more me
the tunnel work than waa already author god
He added, however, that the Comrnissscnorg
would like to save the trees, if any possit
could be snegested,

The following appointments to the stat of
Chief Engineer Parsons were made vest

P P. Pullis, photographer, $75 armonth Dart
Dowling and John Glendenning. inspects
C.V.\V. Powers and C. B. Pollock, us
neers, $1,400 a year FC. Noble and At Mal '
draughtsmen, $1,500. Charies Rodenburg. diac
man, $1,600; J T. Kane, draughtsman, §$)

L. Schaeffer, transitman, $1,500 1, A Walsh Woo
Dunsing, Joseph F. Banksand Henry Sunile rog
men, $960, and William P. Jay, axeman $72)

The photographer is exempt from civil ser
vice examination. He is jo take photo 4
of the different sections of the excaval ‘
the work proceeds and the pictures will be Kept
as part of the records.

 

 

 

 

MUTUAL LIFE APPRALS TO CONGRESS

Asks It to Take Steps to Obtain a Revocatton
of the Order Barring It From Prussia,

WASHINGTON, May 24--President RA
MeCurdy of the Mutual Life Insurance « ,

pany of New York and Gen, Tracy, counse, (or
the company, appeared before tha House ¢

mittee on Interstate and Foreign Comins
this morning to urge that Congress take 6
steps toward securing the revocation of ta
order of Aug. 14, 1895, by which ¥

company was disbarred from doing bustness
in the Kingdom of Prussia. Gen. Tracy repr:
sented that in 1886 the company began bus
nees in Berlin under concession or leense ly
the Government, purchased property, Invested
in Prussian bonds and opened branches

throughout the Empire. After subjecting +
company tue tong series of Imipositions and
exactions, apparently intended te drive {tou
of the country, the Government arbitruriiy re.
voked its license, barring it from doing |
nesa inthe Empire. Gen: Tracy therefore sub-
mitted the following resolution

Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he lg
hereby, requested ww take all steps which may
necessary and proper to obtain from the Governs
of the Kingdom of Prussia a revocation of the orter
of Aug. 14, 14595, by which the privilege «
acting business tn that kingdom was withdrawn from
the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New Yor
The resolution was referred to a sub-com-
mittee for investigation and report

 

 

CAPT, M'GOWAN AT FAULT,

Court of Ingutry Says He Did Not Exercise
Preper Discretion in Shooting a Filipino,
Wasninaton, May 24.—The Court of Inquiry,
consisting of Rear Admirals Kodgers, Cotton
and Terry, appointed to investigate the killing
of a Filipino native at Cebu by Capt. John
MeGowan, then commanding the monitor
Monadnock, submitted this report to the Seo-
retary of the Navy to-day:

“The Court finds that Capt. MoGowan did not
exercise proper discretion in shooting and that
he was atfaultin not reporting the death of

the Filipino to the Commandant-in-Chief of the
The Court finds also that Capt
srovision for the eupportof

children of the deceased

Asiatic station
MoGowan made
the widow an
Filipino "

A court martial is recommended and wi!!
probably be ordered. The Court of Inguirr
met_at the Washington Navy Yard, and Ca)!
McGowan, who was order home op sick
leave, wasin attendance He said that after!)
vad given strict orders to allow no native boast:
to approach the Monadnock, because the na-
tives were smuggling quer to the enilated
men. the Filipino killed insisted on approaching
the ship, and Capt. MeGowan fired a shot from
his revolver into the water with the intention of
frightening the native, but the bullet glanced,
fens the Filipino and mortally wounding
vim

 

HANNA NOT TO RESIGN,

 

He Will Conduct the Campatgn tf His Health
Continues to Improve.

WASHINGTON, May 24. Senator Hanna sa'd
to-day that he had not authorized the estate
ment that he would resign the chairmanship of
the Republican National Committee, and that
the publication was made entirely without any
authority. It is well known here that Senator
Hanna has no desire or intention to resign the
management of the campaign if bis health wi!
permit him to assume the work. He has a

sentimental desire to take charge of the oan

paign for McKinley's reélection, and he wil do
ao if his health continues to tmprove, The
President {s especially anxious that Mr. Hania
should continue as chairman and has many
times said that {f his influence can retain Mr
Hanna's services, it will be used against every
thing except the doctor's orders

The report that he will resign is accompanied
by the statement that he has heart disease
The fact is that Senator Hanna’s troubletsa
chalky deposit in the knee joint, which is pain.
ful at times and in a measure affects tis general
health. FExeopt for this allment he is in good
health and spirits

REORGANIZATION BILL.

 

ARMY

Speaker Henderson Tells the President It €an-
not Pass the House This Session.

WASHINGTON, May 24.—At the request of the
President, Speaker Henderson called at the
White House and a conference upon pending
legislation was held The President, it is said,
was desirous that Seoretary Hoots bill to reor-
ganize the army, which has passed the Senate,
should be disposed of before Conmress au
Journed, but the Speaker expressed the opinion
that the measure would not be ready for report
to the House in time for final netionat this ses.
sion, The Committee on Military \ffairs, whieh
has it under consideration, fis jostponed fur
ther hearings on it unt! next Monday, only
About a week before the date fixed toradjourn-
ment of Congress, an accepted indication that
no report will be made at present Speaker
Henderson expressed the opinion that nonc-
tion will be taken on the Army Heorganization
bill before the next session of Congress

 

     

 

American (Claims Against Foreign States to
Be Broaght to a Settlement,

Wasmixoton, May 24.-Mr Morgan (Dem,
Ala.) read in the Senate to-day an. offteial
letter to himself from the Secretary of Stat
with the remark that it w highly ereditabia
to the Administration and was important to
elnimants against foreign governments The
letter refers to claims of American citizens
against Nicaraguaand other States, and says
As soon as it !@ possible to dose, it la the pur-
pose of the Department to bring tea settle-
ment in some form of every meritorious elatin
of American citizens againsta foreign @overne
ment, even though {t be one of long standing,”

Proposed Anti-Trust Legislation,
Wastixotos, May 24--Representative Ray
of New York, chairman of the House Judiciary
Comtnittee, to-day introduced a resolution to
take up the joint resolution proposing an antl-
trust amendment to the Constitution fmne-
diately on the adoption of the resolutlon, de-
bate to clowe on Fnday, June J, at 5 o'clock,
when the vote shall be taken

Also, that the House bill amending the Sher-
man Anti-trust Jawshall be taken up dr
diately after the above resolution, with thirty
minutes’ general debate on either side, the
considered under the five-minute rule and the
vote taken on Saturday, June 2, ats P.M

Growing Young at the Age of 100,
From the Lewiaton Mrening Journal
Bak Harnon, Me, May i2. Norman Rallines
of Deer Isle ts 100 years old) He exhibits indica-

 

 

nee

  

    

tionsof returning vigor that are conside mar
vellous, Hisevesizht for years wa nat
he bad to use the strongest \
he does not use epectuclas et ia
goes about withour the use ofa 4
lameness and stiffness entirely wonme Thess t

remargable evidence of returning youth ist his
hair. Years ago Mr. Rallings’s hair began t fall
outand gradually fell out altogether. he becgnie
ingentirely baid. Inthe last few months bis hair
haa started to grow and he says he is certalnly
growing voung again and feels as young new
as at 76 years.

— —

<= Pe

- > =f4e

=