“OL. LEXV.—NO. 75,

PUT BACK “IN GOD WE TRUST”

DIOCESAN CONVENTION VOTES A
PROTEST,

 

 

Rot Only by a Majority of 28 After a
ively Debate—The President Exptains
‘That He Left the Mette Of the Coins
Reraose It Was Almost Sacrilegions.

The Episeopal convention of the diocese
of New York, in session in Synod Hall of
the Cathedral, had a livély debate over the
removal of the motto “In God We Trust”
from the new gold coins.

The Rev. Dr. W. M. Grosvenor of the
Church of the Incarnation presented a
long resolution concluding with a protest
against the removal. Finally to thie reso-
‘ution was added an expression of a wish
to the Secretary of the Treasury that he
onder the legend put hack.

For more then an hour the matter was
argued, with two motions to table the reso-
‘ution and one to postpone the vote until
11 o'clock to-morrow. Against action by
the convention were the Rev. Dr. Leighton
Parks of St. Bartholomew’s, the Rev. Dr. J.
Lewis Parke of Calvary, the Rev. Dr. L. W.
Batten of St. Mark's, George Zabriskie, John
Rrooks Leavitt and others. The Rey. Dr.
W_T. Manning of St. Agnes’s asked post-
ponement of the vote. Dr. Grosvenor
-aunted the convention with timidity. The
Rev. Dr, &. Delancy Townsend of All Angels’
Church and Everett P. Wheeler were Dr.
(rosvenor's chief supporters.

In the course of the debate the Rev. Dr.
Batten attacked the government of the
‘ity under Mayor MoClellan. He asked
«hy the Church did not, in this convention,
come out eay that many streets on
rhe Eaat Side contain row after row of dens
f iniquity and that little or nothing has been
done under the present administration of
the city to reform conditions there.

There was intense feeling on the floor
{ the convention and in the galleries, and
finally when the vote was taken Dr. Gros-
venor's resolution waa adopted by a narrow
ruargin of 23, the vote having to be taken
on diviai with uent a use from
rhe galleries and A. Ge? ieee of the
convention itself.

The convention opened at half past 10
with @ religious service in the Cathedral
crypt. Bishop Potter gave his annual
address. Bishop Greer gave his address
ater in the day. It was an appeal to the
clergy and laity of the diocese to forego
parochialism arfd to consider themselves
members of one large and national body.

John Brooks Leavitt of St. Mark’s Church
tried in vain to get authorized a book to
contain the Scripture lessons in the Revised
Version, for people in the pews to look
over while the clergy from the lectern
read the King James version. It was dis-

 

point am educational secretary for the
dioééee aid the other to hold annual mis-
sionary meetings in va’‘cous cities in the
Second Department, composed of New
York and New Jersey.

Wasainorox, Nov. 13.--The President
caused to be given out at the White House
this morning a copy of a letter which is
heing sent to all persons and organizations
~ending protests to him against the omission
of “In God We Trust” from the new coins.
The letter follows:

Wien the question of the new coinage
come up we looked into the law and found

 

there was no warrant therein for putting j

Ip tod We Traat" on the coins, Ae the
ermtom, although without legal warrant,
had grown up, however, 1 might have felt
at ltherty to keep the inseription had T ap-
proved of its being on the coinage. But
as | did not approve af it U did not direct
that w ehould again be out on. Of course
matter ef law is sbsolutely@n the hands
of ©ongress and any decision of Congress
the matter will be immediately obeyed. |
At present. as | have said, there is no warrant
tr lage for toe inseription
> own feeling in the matter is due to
' ery firm convietion that to put auch
toon ecins or to use it in any kindred
not only does no good, but does
five harm and t in effect reverence,
wt yoes cungeronsty close to sacrilege.
‘ A boootiint! and solemn sentence such as
4 t 1) qnestion should be treated and
rs here ith that flue reverence which
i neeessnril tinolics a certain exaltation of
wy ie \r us jich tends to cheapen
# aod above all any use which tends to
ae ' “ treuted in a spirit of levity,
is ' er tandpoint pretoundly to he
eapettod
' 4 motte whiels it ts indeed well to
necribed on onr creat national monn-
m our temples of justice, in our legia-
a ‘ix, and to buildings such as those
1 Weat Point and Annapolis in short, wher-
% vit! tend ro arouse and inspire a lofty
emotion om these whe look thereon. Bue
t seems to me eminently unwise to cheapen
aneh @ motto by use on/coins, just as it would
he te echeapen it by use on postage stamps

advertisements. Aa regards its use
we have actual experience
«nich to go. In all my life I have never
neard any human being speak reverently
of this motto on the coins or show any signs
f its having appealed to any high emotion
im him, but | have hundreds of times beard
t used ae an oerasion of and incitement to
heaneering ridicule which itis aboveall things
ndestrable that so beautiful and exalted
phrase should excite
For example, throughout the long contest
rending over several decades on the free
nage question the existence of this motto
ins was a constant source of jest
d ridicule, and this was unavoidable.
ery one must remember the innumerable
Y rarteens and articles based on phrases like
! ‘In God We Trust -for the Eight Cents,” “In
‘od We Trust for the Short Weight,” “In
y God We Trust -for the Thirty-seven Cents
“e Do Not Pay,” and so forth and so forth.
~uretr Tam well within bounds when I
ay that a use of the phrase whioh invites
onastant levity of thistypeis most undesirable,
'f Congress alters the law and directs me
» replace on the coins the sentence in ques-
‘lon the decision will be immediately put
nto effect; but I very earnestly trust that
‘oe Teligious sentiment of the country, the
pirit of reverence of the country, will pre-
ent any such action being taken.
IrEeoDORE RoosEvELT.

(\LDERMAN HAS TO BE FINED.

He Dia Expectorate, and There Was No Way
@ut fer His Friend the Magistrate
Perey L. Davis, who was elected Alder-

nan from the Thirty-first district on the

Fumon ticket recently, was arrested on

the Third avenue elevated railroad station

\k Mist etreet yesterday morning charged

vith violation of the sanitary law in that

he did expectorate upon the platform.
Davia was taken to the Morrisania police
our’. where he wae fined $1 by

ar in
The comage,
m

the ¢

 

   
 
  
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

 

|

Crane. Then Davis, who is an old friend
of the ¥ went ovomet fe beck
and eat on bench the rest of the morning

 

*NEW YORK, THU

COLUMBIA “REFORMS SPELLING.
Profs, Math-yaz

Notwithstanding thé fact that “simplified
spelling” was frowned upon at the last
aession of Congress the trustees and the
University Press of Columbia voted yester- |
day to adopt the new style of spelling, |
which will bring into official use at Colum- |
win of leant eat Owe hundred and thirty of the |

réformed spellings proposed
by Prof. Brander Matthews of the simplified |
spelling board.

Prof. Matthews and Prof. Calvin Thomas,
the present chairman of the board, both
of whom are instructors at Columbia,
have worked for the last two years to
have the reformed style of spelling recog-
mised at Columbia, and the action taken
by the trustees yesterday is regarded asa
signal victory for the cause of simplified
spelling.

The authority which has we taken to
determine the standard for Columbia or-
thography ia the Century Dictionary,
which, as Prof. Matthews has frequently
pointed out, prefers about two hundred
and thirty spellings identical with those
on the list of “reformed” spellings pub-
lished about two years ago.

The proper way to apell some of the
more common words at Columbia here-
after is: Ads, bur, envelop, eon, esthetic,
gazel, hio-oup, molder, niter, phenix, rime,
saber, simitar, whisky. The new style
of apelling “though,” “through” and “thor-
ough” has not been adopted.

 

 

TOM JOHNSON NOT A CANDIDATE.

Cleveland's Mayor Declares He Will Net
Seek Presidential Nemination
Cimvatanp, Nov. 13.—~Tom L. Johnson
to-day put himself out of the running
for the Democratic Presidential nomina-
tion.
Mayor Johneon also made public hie

 

re a rr errr em

Kansas City has been urging him to accept,
and only to-day James J. Hill of the North-
ern Pacifico publicly declared in Minne-
apolie that should Mayor Johnson consent
toattend Kansas City would not be graced
by the presence of James J. Hill on that
occasion. ®

The Mayor's announcement was put
forth by Burr Gongwer, his private secre-
tary, just after Mayor Johnson had boarded
a train for New York city.

“Mayor Johnson authorizes me te say
that under no circumstances will he be a
candidate for the Presidency,” announced
Mr. Gongwer. “He wants it to be known
phat he considers Cleveland the sphere
of his duty at thistime. He has given bim-
self wholly to bringing about three cent.
traction fares in thie city and he will con-
sider nothing else but that issue.”

“If the traction troubles are ended in
a victory for three cent fares before May
there may be a difference,” commented
Thomas Coughlin, City Auditor and a Demo-
cratic leader, when told of the announce-
ment. / 7

 

ORMOCRATIC CHANCES

if They Coald Achieve Harmeny and Sead
Rasdtoals to the Rear.

Yorgan {. O'Brien, who sought i
early part of the summer to bring ayor
McClellan and Charles F. Murphy together,
called at the Mayor's office yesterday. He
explained that his visit was a personal
one and could not be construed ae an in-
dication tha there as to bea rene al of
peace nego iations between th: Mayor and
Mr. Murphy

“So far oa I know.” e¢ said, “matters
| between the Mayor and Mr. Murphy have

 

the

undergone n> cha ge. The Mayor is de-

voting himself to running the administra-

tion an Mr. Murphy is running things at
Tammany Hall, and fom what I hear

there is not likely tob any change i . that
| situation
{ “But it would : ndoubt edly be a good thing
| if complete harmony could be brought
about in t e Democratic party of this city
j and between the factions in other States.
| With such harmony I am confident that
| \he Democratic party would have a good
ch nee of electing next year a conservative
Democrat for President.”

Judg O’Brien went on to say that the
present financial troubles’ were due to
President Roosevelt's policies and that he
thought the Republicans would turn next
year to some conservative auch as Gov.
Hughes

He thought the Democrata would not
naminate a radica! but would see a better
ec ance of victory with me of the type
of ex-Gov. rancis of Missouri, Gov. Swan-
aon of Vi ginia am! Go: Jo neon of Min-
Lesota

 

ALL U.P RR. CASH SENT T0 N.Y.

 

 

Harriman Sald to Have Ordered No Money

Banked In Omaha Since Stringency Began.

Omana, Nov 18.—The cash receipts of
the entire Union Pacifico Railroad aystem
have been sent to New York every day
since the money etringency began. The
call for the cash is aaid to have come direct
from Mr. Harriman.

The Union Pacific haa heretofore banked
ite cash in Omaha, but a few days after the
money shortage egan telegraphic orders
are said to have been received to send all
cash as well .@ New York drafts direct to
the company in New York, since which
time no cash has been deposited in Omaha.

AT LD SS A aD

a

 

60 MEN BACK IN UNIFORM.

 

Net as a Reprimand, for Inspectors O'Con-
nor and Waish Wanted It That Way.

Inspectors John W. O'Connor and Richard
Walap had a long talk with Commissioner
Bingham yesterday. After the inspectors
left Commissioner Bingham ordered the
tranefer to patrol of all the plain clothes
men of both inspectors, about sixty in all,
and their replacement by men now on patrol.
This news caused great commotion about
Headquarters. The Commissioner's action
was at first interpreted as a hard slap at
both men. O'Connor's inspection district
formerly under command of

Lo “Baroe a. was reduced to a

ptaincy. includes the Tenderloin.
eee Niietrict, the Fourth, includes the
fat just above Forty-second

- ; elopments showed, however,
that this construction was wrong. O'Con-
nor, who has only had his inspector’s job

————————— ed

a few days, asked for the transfer of Burns's
old plain clothes men, as be wants new men
of own to keep the Tenderloin shut up.
In Walsh’s case it has been found that
some of his men have been working on
larcenies in unintended opposition to the
men from the u n detective bureau
The rest Waleh wanted
“S the Sooten

snes ne tee Bighball tame

declination of invitations to speak at the | peen president of the Fifth Avenue Bank
Bryan banquet in Washington and at the | of New York city for twenty-one years.
Kansas City Commercial Club banquet. | He is also a trustee of the Greenwich Savings

/

TO REVISE STATE BANK LAWS

HUGHES TAKES STEPS IN
THAT DIRECTION.
ee
We Asks SX Prominent Bankers of This
(hy to Act as a Voluntary Commission
and Report to Mim by Dec. 16 What
«(anges in the Laws Are Advisabie.

 

GoV

ALBaNY., Nov. 13.~Gov. Hughes in his
annual message to the Legislature next
January will recommend important changes
in the State laws governing banks and
trust companies, which the recent financial
flurry pointed out as needed. This was
foreshadowed in a letter which the Governor
to-night sent to A. Barton Hepburn, Edwin
S. Marston, Edward W. She!don, Algernon
S. Friesell, Stephen Baker and Andrew
Mills of New York city asking them to
volunteer ‘as members of a commission
to act with the State Superintendent of
Banks in revising the State banking laws
to meet such emergencies as arose in the
last few weeks in New York's financial
district. This commission is to report to
Gov. Hughes by December 15, and the
Governor already has received assurances
that all the members of the commission
will serve

A. Berton Hepburn is president of the
Chase National Bank of New York city.
He was State Superintendent of Banks
from 1880 to 1883, United States Bank Ex-
aminer for New York from 1688 to 189?
and Comptroller of the Currency in the
following year. Edwin 8S. Marston is
president of the Farmers Loan and Trust
Company of New York city. Edward W.
Sheldon 1s president of the United States
Trust Company. Algernon 8. Friasell has

Bank. Stephen Baker is president of the
Manhattan Company of New York city.
a State bank. He is also a trustee of the
Bowery Savings Bank and a director of
the Bankers Trust Company. Antrew
Mills is president of the Dry Dock Savings
Institution.

Gov. Hughes's letter to the members of
the commission follows

GENTLEMEN: In view of recent events
it has seemed to me desirable that informa-
tion and recommendations should be ob-
tained irom men who, by virtue of long
experience and expert knowledge, are in a
position to judge of the measures which
may be desirable to safeguard the interests
of our citizens by promoting the security
of financial institutions organized under
the laws of the State and by preventing to
the fullest extent possible the recurrence
of disturbances such as we have lately wit-
messed.

For thie purpose | have no authority to
create or authorize any State obligation.
But for my own guidance and for the benefit
of the people of the State I deem it both proper
and important thet at as early a date an
possible, and in advance of the meeting of
the Legislatures oppeftunity should be
afforded for the expression of magured opinion
with reference to the. improvement of our
Mancial legislation.

1 therefore request vou, whom I! have
selected (without thought of disparaging the
qualifications of others) as representative
men having expert familiarity with these
matters, to act as a committee for the pur-
pose of collating facts, receiving suggestions
and expressing the views which, after due
reflection, you may entertain with reference
to the following question:

What, if any, changes are advisable in the
lawa of the State relating to the incorpera-
tion, conduct of business and supervision
of banks and trust companies?

1 do not suggest any particular method
of procedure on vour part, being content, to
leave that to your own judgment.

While your report will be formally inde-
pendent of that of the Superintendent of ,
Banka—who will also have these matters
under careful consideration, and whore ad-
vice I expect to receive—he will no doubt
be glad to cooperate with you and to furnish
any assistance within his power. Indeed,
I believe that full and free conference with
him throughout your deliberations will be
mutually helpful.

i must ask you to undertake this important
work solely as a matter of public service,
without provision for compensation or in-
demnity for expense. But you may be as-
sured that your fellow citizens will not fail
to gratefully appreciate your public spirit,

I shall be glad to receive your report on
or before December 15, 1907.

l remain, very respectfully yours,

Caakias F, Huowes

 

JAPAN'S FRIENDLY FEELING.

Ambassader to Give a Dinner in Honor
of Rear Admiral Evans.

Wasurnoron, Nov. 13.—Another evidence

of Japan’s feeling of friendship for theUnited |

States wil! be given on Saturday evening,
when Viscount Aoki, the Japanese Am-
bassador, will give a dinner in honor
of Rear Admiral and Mrs. Robley D. Evans,
The Ambassador and Mrs. Evans are old
friends and the dinner is ostensibly a per-
sonal tribute to the Admiral, but it is bound
to be construed as of international Signifi-
cance in connection with the forthcoming
departure of Admiral Evans’s fleet for the
Pacific

In addition to the Viscount and the Vis-
countess Aoki and Rear Admiral and Mrs.
vans there will be present at the dinner
Truman H. Newberry, Assistant Seeretary
of the Navy; Rear Admiral and Mra. Wil-
lard H. Brownson, Rear Admiral William
8 Cowles, President Roosevelt's brother-
in-law; Commander Charles R. March,
former Naval Attaché at Tokio, and Mrs.
March, who is a daughter of Admiral Evans;
Lieutenant-Commander Albert L. Key,
former Naval Attaché at Tokio, and Mra.
Key and the members of the Embassy staff.

MANEUV RES.

 

JAPAN'S WAR

 

The Emperor Leaves te See 41,000 Troeps
at Work —Balloens to Be Used.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tae Sun...

Tox1o, Nov. 13.—The Emperor left to-day
to attend the army manouvres, which
will be on an unusually large scale, 41,000
troops of all branches of the service par-
ticipating, with pontoons and the com-
missary carps. They will be employed
as in actual war operations. ;

The manoeuvres will be directed through
the balloon and electric light corps. The
line will extend for thirty-five miles along
the Kinu River, near Nikko; the noted
resort. Gen. Prince Fushima and Gen.
Viscount Kamamura will command the
respective forces. Among the military
attachés who will witness the mancuvres
is Gen. John J. Pershing of the United
States Army.

speLRE

 

AND BURGUNDY.
or) ot.

RSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1907.—

THAW DEFENCE MAY BE INSANITY

Second Trial Net Likely te Begin on
December 2.

Martin W. Littleton, counsel for Harry K.

Thaw, had a long talk yesterday afternoon

with District Attorney Jerome about Thaw's

Copyrig

 

WATER BOARD UNDER FIRE

MAYOR ORDERS PUBLIC INQUIRY
INTO ASHOKAN DAM AWARD.

 

 

Tarurspar, Novemsen 14, 1907.

Fair and colder to-day; fair to-morrow;

%

 

 

At, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

| FEARS FOR THE DUMA.

 

Premier Stelypin Hears of a Piet te Biow
| Up ite Meeting Place.
Special Cable Despatch to Tan Sux
14.—The St. Petersburg

Lonpon, Nov.

second trial. Mr. Littleton said after the | «. . " corre dent of the Tribune, referring t
oorference, which lasted an hour, was over | Contract Went to the MacArther : | ss tana : iy

that they had “gossiped” most of the time.

One of the things discussed was the ways
and means of procuring the testimony
taken by the lunacy commiaéion at the first
trial, which Justice FitzGerald ordered
sealed, Mr. Littleton wants to see that
teatimony, and Mr. Jerome would like to
see it. They agreed that jointly they would
make application to the Supreme Court

‘or it.

One thing practically settled was that the
second trial, which has been set for Decem-
ber 2 before Justice Dowling in the Supreme
Court, Criminal Branch, would be put over
until a laterdate. |

It is understood that Mr. Littleton is
prepared to make a straight insanity de-
fence for Thaw. There has been some
talk that the Thaw family was not averse
to having a commission appointed that
would hear all the evidence regarding
Thaw's mental condition. Mr. Littleton
aaid he knew nothing about such a propo-
sition, but there is good ground for the
belief that Thaw, his family and his lawyers
are.not in the same frame of mind that they
were im at the firat trial.

MAY comE 10 A LiNECrP

Between Roosevel. Men and Hughes Ven
in Assembly Caucus

Chairman Woodruff of the Republican
State committee and Senator Tully of Corn-
ing, Col. Archie E. Baxter's chief champion
in the fight. to reelect Col. Baxter Clerk of the
Assembly, had a talk yesterday at State
headiuarters. Senator Tully spoke up for
Col. Baxter. Chairman Woodruff said later
that he wouldn't discuss the matter; that
the fight was too trivial to call for comment.

Senator Tully said that there would be a
lineup in the caucus to he called at Albany
the firat week in January: that Col. Baxter
had already forty votes of Republican As-
semblymen pledged to him, and that he
only needed nine more.

Chairman Woodruff and William Barnes,
Jr., who support Ray *. Smith of Syracuse
for the place, were rather inclined to think
that Senator Tully was bluffing. Should
the fight for thia place become severe, it
wae said, things might become 4inpleasant.
at Albany and a lineup between the friends
of Gov. Hughes and the friends of President
Roosevelt might be the result.

FORA KER'S ANNOUNCEMENT SOON

An @hilo Lieutenant Says It Will Follow
Brownsville Committee's Report

Coutvmavs, Ohio, Nov. 13.—That Senator
Foraker who is fighting the President's
discharge of negro soldiers from the army,
is to announce his candidacy for the Presi-
dential nomination on the heels of the report
of the Brownsville investigation committee
in Congress, is asserted here to-day by
lieutenants of the senior Ohio Senator.

Despite ti” policy he has maintained,
that of waiting for a demand, Senator
Foraker is said to be convinced that it is
politically expedient for him to announce
himeelf before the Ohio Congressional
districts begin naming national convention
delegates. This announcement will come
in the holidays, his lieutenants say.

These same friends of the Senator also
assert that ‘the boom of Secretary Taft,
seemingly irresistible in the State only
a few months ago: is meeting with obstacles
which will wreck it

“Taft's name never will be heard in the
convention,” declared a man close to the
Ohio organization to-day.

J fh. WALSH JURY COMPLETE.

t. 8. Alterney Begins Opening Statement,
Charging Banker With Fraud.

+ 1caGo, Nov. 13.—The jury which is to
try John R. Walsh was completed at 12:10
to-day an! was at once sworn in. It is
practically a farmer jury, nearly every man
in the box being either a farmer or a stock
raiser.

In his opening address Assistant District
Attorney Fletcher Dobins charged Walsh
with having organized dummy companies
whose bonds were bought with the funds
of banks under Walsh's control

The jury was told that when the banks
were examined subsequent to the failure
it waa found that out of the $14,000,000 de-
posits in the Chicago National $7,000,000
was loaned to Walsh railroada and sub-
sidiary corporations; of $4,300,000 deposits
of the Equitable Trust Company $3,300,000
was thus loaned and of the Home Savings
Bank’s $4,200,000 $3,000,000 was utilized
by Walsh in floating his schemes.

Before Mr Dobins concluded Judge
Anderson adjourned court until to-morrow.

UNION MEN SEE A LIGHT

Decide There's No Use of Demanding More
Pay When There's No Money.

The New York district of the International
Association of Machinists has decided not
to proceed with the enforcement of the de-
mand made some time ago on all employers
for an advance in wages of 25 cents a day.
Edward Hourigan, secretary of the dis-
trict, said yesterday that the machinists
gained the demand from a number of the
employers until the plants began to lay off
men, and it was then considered inadvisa-
ble to go on.

“The planta are usually ali busy at this
time of the year,” he said, “and there are
plenty of orders, but the employers say that
they cannot get the money to pay wages and
have to lay men off. Many of the men who
are employed are being paid with checks.
Some of the largest concerns are working
with a short force.”

ALABAMA HOUSE VOTES

Prohibition Law Passed by Two-thirds Voie
—O ershadews KR. BR. Regulation.

Montaomsry, Ala., Nov. 13.--The House
to-day passed a general State prohibition
bill. This bill overshadowed all railroad
regulation measures, notwithstanding the
fact that it was not included in the Gover-
nor’s call for an extra session. Under
the Constitution it required a two-thirds

vote to page the house, as it was not in the
call, but. this number was got without
trouble.

The vote was 66 to 26. The bill provides
that i a oa become effective
October \ also provides against
intoxicants by clubs or “

1
ae
h assed the bill i ;

charejan "a Vicker rate On ain
that ae law, cme the bill 4 a
bates Pres aeernes rns
amount fixed by law.

The Senate spent

the
ye

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

Sateen reguntion vite’ bus did os |

re “

| Compan) and Winston & Co., Although
Their Bid Was @2,854,425 Higher Than
‘That of the John Peirce Comp eny

Mayor MoClellan directed the Comy.is-
sioners of Accounts yesterday to make a
public investigation of the action of the
Board of Water Supply in letting the con-
tract for the construction of the main dams
for the Ashokan reservoir to other than the
lowest bidder. The John Peiroe Company
offered to do the work for $10,315,350, but
fn consequence of a report made by Chief
Engineer J. Waldo Smith of the Board of
Water Supply that the Peirce company
could not do the work properly for this
aum the commissionets awarded the con-
tract to the MacArthur Brothers Company
and Winston & Co., who put in a joint bid
of $12,660,775

Because of the criticiam which followed
the members of the board had reports made
by a body of consulting engineers consist -
ing of Prof. William H. Burr, Frederic P.
Stearns and John R. Freeman. This re-
port justified the step taken by the com-~-
mission, but the Commissioners of Accounts
also employed engineers whose conclusion,
is that the Board of Water Supply was not
warranted in rejecting the Peirce bid.

The public hearings will begin next Mon--
day in the City Hall and the first witnesses
to be called will be the members of the
board and the chief members of thie board's
engineering staff. It is known that Mayor
McClellan is somewhat doubtful of the
wisdom of releasing the Peirce company
from its bid, particularly aa it had deposited
an adequate guarantee, and it may be that
the result will be the appointment of &n al-
together new board. The three members
of the board are J. Edward Simmons,
Charles N. Chadwick and Charles A. Shaw.
They receive a salary of $12,000 a year each
and are entrusted with the responsibility
of spending the $161,000,000 which it is esti-
mated it will cost to bring the new water
supply to this city from the Catskills.
They are removable by the Mayor

In the report submitted yesterday to
the Mayor by the Commissioners of Ac-
counte it was aet out in many typewritten
pages that the Board of Water Supply
had not accepted the Peirce company's bid
because, in the opinion of Chief Engineer
Smith, the bid was not of an amount su%-
cient to allow the contractor profit upon
the work; that to compel the contractor
to proceed with the work at a loas would,
through probable consequent
disputes, result in greater ultimate lose
and harm to the city than an award to the
next highest bidder at an advance of
$2,264,425; that the Peirce company lacked
previous experience im preparing  esti-
mates on excavation and embankment
work atid that Mr. Peirce himself ad-
mitted that his estimates were too
and that in making ite bid his “ompany
relied on figures furnished by outside people.
The report of the Commiasioners of Accounts
embodied the opinions of Messrs. Burr,
Stearns and Freeman that the Board of
Water Supply had been fully warranted in
rejecting the Peirce bid. .

The experts employed by the Commission -
ers of Accounts were Lieut.-Col. Thomas W.

| Symons of Washington, Halbert P. Cillette
and Maniel J. Hauer of this city and Otto
H. Klein, the commission's chief engineer.

These engineers have made a personal
inspection of the site of the Ashokan dam,
have studied the nature and volume of the
construction work to be done under the
specifications and in their report to the
Commissioners of Accounte they all reached
the conclusion that the John Peirce Com-
pany could do the work satisfactorily at
the bid submitted and still have made a
reasonable profit. Further than that it is
held that the MacArthur and Winston bid
was excessive. The Comptroller has not
yet certified the award to the latter firms.

 

POLITICS IN THE POWERS CASE,

 

Judge Admits Past Trials Were Influenced
and Admonishes the Sheriff.

Groroxrown, Ky., Nov. 13.—Judge
Morris, presiding as special Judge at the
fourth trial of Caleb Powers for complicity
in the murder of William Goebel, to-day
recognized the part. politics has been taking
in the now famous case when he said:

“There is no question about thie case
having been permeated with, politics, and
opinions from the higher court show plainly
that this view is held by members of that
tribunal.

* “This is the firat time in the history of
Kentucky that it has been incumbent upon
the Court to take cognizance of political
difference, but | can only say that when
the jury is up the Court may have
some further action to take in the matter.”

This statement came in response to a
motion of ettgeneye representing Powers
in which oes — to select a
ju ual iv cally.

’ Tadge Moria edmenished the Sheriff to
select veniremen without regard to their
political opinions.

 

HORSE THROWS JACK ROLLINS,

Member of Rockaway Hunt (Club Has a
Shoulder Biade Broken.

Hemparean, L. 1., Nov, 13.—Jaok Rol-
lins, a prominent member of the Rockaway
Hunt Club and of the polo team of that
club, while riding a green hunter over the
jumps this morning preparatory to the
run thie afternoon behind the hounds was
thrown and hi shoul‘er blade was broken.

Hie mount ran et “he obstacle but surc-
denly swerved anc nolted. Mr. Rollins
was thrown over te hunter's head and
against the side of the jump. A doctor
was called from Hem d,who ast the
broken bone. and Mr. Rollins was taken
home in an automobile.

TO MOVE C€ ANADA'S WHEAT.

Dominion Government Will Keep Lake

Su pertor Navigation Open Until Dee. 10.

Orrawa, Ont., Nov. 13.—The Dominion
Government has arranged to keep naviga-
tion open on Lake Superior until December
10. The United States lighthouse on Pas-
sage Island, near Port Arthur, will be kept
going until then, Canada paying any extra
ox) . A telegram has been received
from Washington ing to this. avery
effort is being to have as much
the wheat crop as possible moved before
navigation closes.

aria Bt, tora
Eas

 

\

=i

| the extraordinary police precautions at-
j tendant upon the coming opening of the
' Duma for protecting the Deputies and for
‘ limiting the admission of the public to the

i fear of the authorities that an attempt
will be made to bléw up the Tauride Palace,
where the Duma will meet, their appre-
hensions being based upon a story com-
municated to Premier Stolypin by an in-
significant journalist

The correspondent ridicules the story
but says he learns that many officiale ap-
pointed to the Duma’s service have resigned
in consequence of it.

 

HAROLD VANDERBILT ILL.

 

Ee

Is in an Infirmary at Cambridge, Maxs.,
Suffering With Typhoid Fever.

Boston, Nov. 13.—Harold Vanderbilt is
ill in the Stillman Infirmary at Cambridge
with typhoid fever. He was taken sick
| yesterday and his condition is aaid to be
} serious. \
W. K. Vanderbilt, Jr.. came over to Cam-
bridge in a private car to-night.

Harold Vanderbilt is a son of William K.
Vanderbilt and a brother of the Duchess of
Marlborough. He is 23 years old and is a
senior at Harvard.

 

 

 

THREE GIRLS CHLOROFORMED.

 

Mother Finds Them in Their Room to a
Stupor—Pollee Mystined.

Paterson, N. J., Nov. 13.—Lillian, Stella |

and Adeline Wykoff, daughters of Daniel
Wykoff of 81 North Firat street, this city,
have been ill all day from the effects of
chloroform administered to them = early
thie morning in the attic bedroom Ade-
line, the oldest, who is 16, was the most
seriously affected, though the cloth placed
over the face of Lillian, who is 14, was #0
saturated with the drug that her cheeks
and lips were burned.

When Mrs. Wykoff called the girls this
morning they did not answer and she went
to their room and found them in a stupor.
A physician who was called learned that
chloroform had been used. Adelaide says
that in the night she awoke and dimly re-
members seeing some one going out into
the hall and closing the door. She says
she tried to collect her thoughts but seemed
to.drowse and then oblivion came.

Whatever the purpose of the intruder,
it was not carried out.

| and nothing in the room was disturbed.
‘The mystified police are without a clue

SALVATION ARMY STEAMSHIPS.

 

May Bun iis Own Vessels im Promot
_, Jts Canadian Immigration, ~
Special Cudle Nespotch to Tan Sux
Lonpon, Nov. 13.—The Shipp’ng “‘uzetie
reports that there is a probability that the
Salvation Army will soon own several
Atlantic steamers in connection with its
Canadian immigration achemes. Its meth-
ods of working are not approved by the
steamship companies

MRS GUGGENHEIM IN SMASHUP.

 

Auto Hite Mer Vietoria In Fifth Avenue and
Shakes OF the Footman

Mrs. Simon Guggenheim, who is with her
husband, Senator Guggenheim of Colorado,
at the St. Regis, was bound down Fifth
avenue yeaterday afternoon, when an auto-
mobile that had been crowded from the
curb by another machine collided with
her victoria at Twenty-ninth street. The
horse went. down, but the carriage stayed
right side up with lamps and door windows
smashed.

Edward Reilly, the footman, landed on his
head and had to be sent home in a cab.
Neither Mrs. Guggenheim nor her woman
companion was hurt. Nor was Mise L.
Anderson of the Hotel Algonquin, who was
the colliding auto’s occupant, although
her machine was wrecked.

The horse got up and dragged Policeman
Horan of the traffic squad a block before
it would consent to stop.

 

 

DIES IN TAMMANY HALL.

Woman Whe Collapsed at Tony Pastor's
Is Carried There.

Miss Elizabeth Benson, 38 years old, of
406 Weat Twenty-sixth street, died in a
committee room in Tammany Hall last
night after being carried from Tony Pastor's
Theatre, where she had collapsed. Miss
Benson went to the theatre accompanied
by James Devine of 347 Seventh avenue,
who said that he was related to her.

Dr. Johnson of Bellevue “Hospital, who
was called, said the woman had probably
died of heart disease.

 

$15,000 OR LEV 10 ALONE

 

Binghaw Doesn't Want His Salary
Ralsed to %10,000.

When Police Commiasioner Bingham asked
the Board of Estimate to raise hia salary
from $7,500 to $15,000 the application was
referred to a committee consisting of Presi-
dent MoGowan of the Board of Aldermen
and Comptroller Mety. Thev have failed
to renort, and yesterday Gen. Bingham
went to the City Hall to find out why.

He saw Mr. McGowan, who gaid that
he thought the Ponce Commise:oner was
not adequately paid. He would be willing.
he said, to vote for some addition to the
salary.

“Well, then, how much do you think |
am worth?” Commissioner Bingham asked.

“1 wouldn't favor making your salary
$15,000. If I voted for any increase it would
not be for more than $10,000,”. said Mr
MoGowan.

“I would not accept that. ‘Good day,”
Commiasioner Bingham said abruptly and
went away

Gen.

a en le A CE CC CE LC A LL

 

Hill Said to Be tn Control of Rogers Loco-
motive Works.

Paterson, N.*J., Nov. 13.—It has been
asserted on good authority that the Rogers
branch of the American Locomotive Com-
pany is to be turned over to James J. Hill,
or that Mr. Hill will control the output
of the works through Reuben Wells, the

en -t—“—F

former superintendent of the works, The |

ee re a a en a

{ sessions, declares that they are due to the ;

The jewelry and
delays and | purses of the girls were left upon the dresser

northwesterly winds.

_———

TWO CBNTS.

PLANS TO GET MORE GOLD IN

BANK OF FRANCE
HAVE

 

PRICE

 

MAY LET US
815,000,000.

 

Secretary Cortelyou, Has Further Inter
views With Bankers Here—New York
Ranks Called On
Smali Part of the Treasary Deposite.

Secretary Cortelyou, who is to speak at
' a dinner in this city to-night, came over
| from Washington last evening and at the

Hotel Manhattan talked over the financial
situation with many bankers who called
upon him.

The Secretary began yesterday the with-

drawal from New York banks of a part of
| the Government deposite in them, with the
| idea of strengthening the Treasury's work-
t ing balance. The amount of Government
money on deposit in New York banks,
according to last Saturday's bank state-
ment, was $73,000,000

The Secretary has not fixed any ratio of
withdrawal; it is simply tne case of the
Deparyment having recalled « smail portion
of its loans. This money is to be returned
by the banks in five instalments on five
successive days. A sum less than $1,500,000
was withdrawn yesterday

Although the Department does not ine
tend, it is understood, to apply this money
for relief of the cities in the interior. there
has been lenity of dealing with the banks
i there which has helped the situation
| There has been no demand for avick cash-
ing of checks and they have been allowed
to go for two or three days to help out in
view of the shortage of currency.
Ii is pointed out that since November 1
| the excess of, Government receipts over

re ee ee

—

expend itures has been $5,000,000. and this
is regarded as peculiarly significant be-
cause lawful money is required in paying
off internal revenue and other debts to
the Government

As against the withdrawal of a part of
the Government deposita from the local
banks there were developments of the day
far more than counrerbalancing the loss of
this money in the local money market. The
Oceanic unloaded more than $8,000,000 in
gold More than $3,000,000 additional was
engaged abroad for import, and, more im-
portant than any other development of the
day, it became known that negotiations were
progressing very satisfactorily with the
Bank of France for the shipment of about
$15,000,000 gold from that institution~to
this city

The neg tiations wit the Bank of France,
it was underatoo?, were being condicted
by J. ?. Morvan & Co. throngh the firm’s
Paris ‘ous, Morgan, Harjes ¢ Co. - 7. P.
organ, Jr., who is a member'of the Parts
firm, ia now in Paris, and it is believed is
taking 2 ieading part in the negotiations.
The Bank of France bas suppliet Pank
of England with 15,000,000 gold within the
last two weeks anc i# understood to be
willing to advance a like arnount to this
country provided satisfactory: arrange-
ments regarding the security can be per-
fected. Indications last night peinted to
a removal of most of the obstacles that Lad
been enconuntere | in the course of the nego-
tiations.

One defini e plon for completing the trans-
action and the one which, it was said, is
most likely to be followed, contemplates
the release of the money by the Bank of
France at o premium of one-half of 1 per
cent. and the acceptance by it in exchange
of bills drawn against actual éxportations
from this country to France. Exchange
on exporta is made ty no means aa rapidly
between New York and Paris as between
New Yor! and London, ao that the principal
difficulty in completing the plan consists
in seouring bills to a large enough amount.
It wae believed leat night that whatever
difficulty there may be is not great enough
to delay the completion of the transaction
much longer.

It is known that the Treasury Depart-
ment at Washington has been besieged
with requests for funds from all the prin-
cipal cities in the interior. Governors,
Senators, Congressmen and other officiale
have added theirappeals to those of bankers,
and there has ‘been a dispostion among
many of them to criticise the Department
for depositing. such a large amount in
this city and to insist that their own locali-
ties have not been sufficiently favored.
The criticism is declared to be unwarranted
by bankers here,who say that bankers in
the interior are not in such difficulties as
represented and who back up this assertion
by pointing to the figures showing ship-
ment of very large sums to interior points,
but the complaint is believed to have
had some effect nevertheless.

In the last folr days alone local banka,
in addition to heavy shipments of currency
by express, have transferred to the in-
terior mor@ than $6,500,000 through the
Sub-Treasury. Yesterday's Sub-Treasury
transfers amounted to $1,830,000, as followa:
New Orleans, $15,000; San Francisco, $1,-
260,000; St. Louis, $350,000; Cincinnati, $6,000;
| Chicago, $200,000. There were substgntial
; shipments by express to Philadelphia and
| other nearby cities. With the situation
here vastly improved bankers have applied
themselves actively toward relieving con-
ditions elsewhere, and, as has been noted,
have the figures to show how substantially
they have supplied relief.

Overtures on the part of Philadelphia
clearing house bankers to have New York
banks accept Philadelphia clearing house
certificates in payment of Philadelphia
debita here have not been favorably re-
ceived. If such a request were granted,
it was aaid in reply, similar requeata would
be made without doubt by Pittsburg,
St. Louis and other centres, with the result
that New York would be bearing the entire
burden of rectifying local conditions every-
where. This is a task that New York
bankers do not care to take upon them-
selves. Neither did other propositions
from Philadelphia meet with particular
favor.

The only cure for such conditions as
the exchange deadlock between New
' York and Philadelphia, it was generally

agreed, must come from special arrange
ments between individual Philadelphia
| hanks and their correspondents here and
| from the working of natural causes. Just
| now, it was said, some of the most persistent
hoarders of money are bankers in smaller

  
 
  
    
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
   

ee ee rr a

 

on eee

ee ee

| Hill interests are said to have acquired |

| gemtrol of stock in the courme of interior cities and some of the residents
the recent to demand this prospective | of such localities A story to illustrate this
arrangement contention was told of a Minneapolia bua-

a

,

  
 

I
vs ‘

fo Retornm «a.

{
é
4
{
;
,
i