-Thaw's mental condition.

VOL, LXXVI.—NO, 330,
NEW THEORY IN THAW CASE

EXPERT EVANS INTRODUCES
THE PARANOIAC STATE.

 

 

+ NEW YORK, TUESDAY,

the witness chair retired with his yellow

leather bag to an ante room behind the
Judge's chair and in a few minutee re-
farned with a bundle wrapped in news-
paper. The bundle was fully two feet
long and a foot in width. What it con-
tained Jerome himself would not say

Gays That is Curabie and Thaw Was in It | that he knew, although he hinted that it
When He Killed White—Is All Seana | Might be something bigger than a hypo-

Now, Dr. Evans Declares— Mysterious
Exhibit, Obtained From Hartrhige.

Ware Puains, N. Y., July 26.—The
groundwork of an entirely new medical
explanation of Harry K. Thaw's act in

dermic syringe and no bigger than a dog
whip. ah

When Dr. Evans took the stand and
faced the District Attorney who had
cross-examined him to the very depths of
medical profundities on three previous
oocasions it was with the air of an old

killing Stanford White was laid by his/stager that he gave his record which

counsel to-day before’ Justice Mille of
the Supreme Court upon the resumption
of the proceedings to free Thaw from
Matteawan Asylum. Thaw's counsel had
Dr. Britton D, Evans, the alienist, differ-
entiate between a paranoiac state and
chronic paranoia. .

The alienist, who during the first trial
of Thaw earned the sobriquet of “Brain-
etorm Evans,” said emphatically that
there was no more similarity between
the two phases of mental! trouble than
there was between persimmons and
pumpkins; that a paranoiac state might
befall anybody and yet be subject to
curative measures.

From the statements that Mr. Mor-
echauser, Thaw’s counsel, let drop after
the day's session of court had been ad-
journed it appeared that when the final
issue of the present case is presented to
the presiding Justice the assertion will be
made that Thaw was suffering from a
paranoiac state of mind when he took the
life of White, but that after treatment
in the State asylum all traces of this
temporary affliction of the intellect dis-
appeared and that he is now sound
mentally.

In support of this contention on Thaw's
behalf reliance will be placed upon the
teatimony of Thaw himeelf to-morrow
afternoon as to the two violent illnesses
that he suffered, one in Monte Carlo and
one in London. This is expected to show
his toxic condition and his susceptibility
to the invasion of a paranoiac etate when
upon his return to this country he learned
the real or fancied wrongs that he had
suffered at the hands of the man whom he
killed. It will be admitted that Thaw
may have been obsessed by a paranciac
state of mind at the time he committed
the homicide, but that such a mental con-
dition is curable; that Thaw himeelf has
been cured of the last lingering symptoms
of this trouble by his confinement in
Matteawan.

The launching of this new theory came
when District Attorney Jerome, who had
returned from a vacation and had listened
to the plea of Attorney-General O'Malley
that he go to the court in White Plains and
lend his assistance to the Leputy At-
torney-General, who was conducting the
case, took a hand in the Mr.
Jerome was present at the opening of the
morning's session. He immediately be-
came the whole of the coungel for the State
because of his intimate and exhaustive
knowledge of the ins and outs of the Thaw
case. Any new wrinkle in mental dis-
orders, even though propounded by an
alienist of Dr. Evans's weight, will have
t> withstand the assaults of Mr. Jerome's
knowledge of the medico-legal aspect of
paranoia and kindred menta! disorders.

One of the first things that District At-
torney Jerome did to-day was to produce
amystery. At the beginning of the after-
noon'’s session he oailed to the siand
Clifford W. Hartfidge, one of Thaw's
counsel in the first trial for murder, in
order that he might have marked for
identifffation in the preseft suit some of
the papers that Mr. Hartridge possessed
as relicts of theformeraction. Mr. Hart-
ridge came upon subpena unwillingly;

ee is still the plaintiff in a civil action

against Mrs. Mary Copley Thaw to re-
cover what he asserts is just recompense
for his services as counsel in the first
trial,

After Mr. Jerome had asked the witness
whether or not he had any reports rela-
tive to Thaw’s mental condition which
might have been made by Dr. Evans,
acting as an alienist in behalf of Thaw
and Hartridge had answered that he had
Mr. Jerome proceeded to probe further
into the possessions of the former counsel
for the present relator. He did so under
the strenuous objections of Mr. Mor-
echauser, who asserted that anything that
the witness might possess in the way of
papers or reports were confidential com-
munications between accused and coun-
sel. He was overruled.

“Have you anything else--sometbing
more tangible?” was Jerome's question
after Hartridge had handed over for
the clerk of the court's marking a
report that Dr Evans had made on
“I want to
know if you have any hypodermic needles
or other instruments of any kind what-
woever that might have been handed
to you by a third in no way con-
nected with the trial of Harry Thaw for
murder.”

Here again was vigorous objection
entered by Thaw's counsel, whioh called
for an explanation by Mr. Jerome. He
told the Court that during the first trial
of Thaw he had gained possession of facts
which tended to show that the defendant
was addicted to a habit necessita
the use of surgical instruments, and that
through a certain source he had learned
that such instruments or instrument
had been given to Mr. Hartridge by a
person in no way connected with the
trial.

Mr. Hartridge seemed to be reluctant
to answer Mr. Jerome's question re-
garding the possession by him of any
such instruments, but Justice Mille ad-
monished him that he must answer He
admitted that he had in his grip one in-
strument which he had obtained in a
manner indicated by the District At-
torney. Upon eye 4 questioning he said
that a woman by the name of Susie Merri/!
and another woman whose last name he
remembered as Wallace had been present
when this article had been given to him.

qualified him as an expert in mental
diseases. At the instance of Mr. Mor-
schauser he detailed the substance of his
many conversations with Thaw while the
latter was a prisoner in the Tombs and
later in Matteawan. Although much of
his testimony was of an intimate medical
nature there were gray haired women
and young girls in the court room who sat
with hands behind ears to catch every
word of it.

Dr. Evans said categorically that in his
opinion Thaw had never suffered from
paranoia. Then he defined a paranoac
state. as differentiated from dGhronic
paranoia, and stated specificaiiy that
one suffering under a paranoiac state was
amenable to treatment, whereas a para-
noiac was in most cases hopelessly insane.

Dr. W. J. Meyer, the prison physician
at White Plains, and Dr. H. Ernst Sohmia.
of White Plains also, were the other wit-
neeses at to-day’s hearing. Dr. Schmid
fared rather badiv in oross-examination

echauser had desired of him in the direct
examination.

After the completion of the cross-
examination of Dr. Evans to-morrow and
the testimony of Dr. I. Harris, the last
of the Thaw aiienists. has been heard.
Thaw bimeelf will take the stand.

 

AERONAUT GETS A SHOCK.

Lands in Tangle ef Blectric Wires and
Then Drops to the Ground.

A young aeronaut who has been making
ascensions from Bayonne Park for three
weeks in a hot air balloon came down
last night on some electric light wires on
the outskirts of Jersey City and was
shocked into unconsciousness. He is
John Aldenbeck, who was burned two
weeks ago in Bayonne Park while he was
trying to fill his balloon over an open air

night the balloon filled soon after
10' o'clock.

That was something that Aldenbeck
had not counted on. He drove northward
for a mile before the air began to cool.
Then the bag and came close
to the line of telephone and electric light
poles which follows the Boulevard. He let
slip an anchor which caught one of the
poles. The balloon sagged toward the
ground and slid across the wires.

Aldenbeck let go hiq hold on the iron
pole and came down ‘ squarely on the
unprotected feeders. The electricity
stiffened him out and he flopped between
the strands to the readway. A party of
automobilists came along in a minute
and found that the man was badly hurt,
and loaded him into the machine. They
drove as fast as they could for the Jersey
City Hospital.

The doctors said late last night that
beside the shock Aldenbeck's right arm
and leg were broken. They were con-
fident of his recovery.

WORMSER LEFT $2,971,170.

Collateral Up on Three Accounts, One
Speculative -Daughter Overruled.

Surrogate Cohalan confirmed yesterday
the report of Edward Hassett, who was
appointed to examine the final accounting
of the estate of Isidor Wormser by Mrs.
Carrie Wormeer, the widow; Mrs. Jefferson
Seligman, the daughter, and Simon
Rosendale and Isidor Wormser, Jr., the
four executors of the estate. Mrs.
Seligman had objected to the finding of
the referee that about $52,000 im dividends
on stock which had been declered before
the testator’s death but were paid after-
ward should be added to the personal
estate Instead of being paid to her
entire.

The banker left a gross personal estate
of $2,971,170, which was reduced by the
payment of $026,320 in legacies and cther
minor sums to $1,904,000, the amount held
in trust for the payments of the income
under the will to the widow and daughter
The referee found that the personal estate
was made up of stocks and bonds held
on the books of I. & 8. Wormeér in three
accounts—-general, speculative and special.
The collateral in the account
amounted to $1,151,608, the chief items
of which were $165,926 in Peoples Gas and
Coke and $182,500 in United States Leather
securities. In the speculative account

the collateral was valued at $1,880,237,
| the chief items being $990,000 of Union Pa-
| cific, $234,000 of Consolidated Gas and
| $284,000 of Inter-Met securities. The
special account amounted to only $8,000.
| "The referee advieed that $12,000 be
held in trust to pay if the courts eo decide
a legacy of $10,000 to William Model,
which the executors are contesting. They
say that the legatee owes the estate more
than $10,000, which should wipe out the
legacy.

The widow is to reesive an income of
$30,000 from the trust fund of $1,904,000
and Mrs. Seligman will get the income on
= the rest.

at the hands of Mr. Jerome because of his
desire to answer just what Mr. M

J

   

ULY 27, 1909.—conrion:, 1000,

 

HIDES WILL GO ON FREE LIST) *4"#2 t#e0vew svowsronw.

 

TARIFF CONFEREES FINALLY
AGREE TO AGREE.

 

Corresponding Reductions Made in Duties
on Boots and Shoes and Other Leather
Products— A Report te the House May
Net Be Made for Several Days.

REE

Wasuinoton, July 26.—The joint con-
ference committee of the House and
Senate reached a substantial agreement
on the tariff bill to-day, but certain de-
tails of the settlement are yet to b place d
in proper form. The result of the con-
ference to-day may best be described as
an agreement to agree.

Hides will go on the free list. The re-
ductions in the duties on boots and shoes
and other products of leather will be about
what the President has been contending
for, The duty on sole leather will be 5
per cent., on boots and shoes 10 per cent.,
on upper leather either 74 or 10 per cent.
and on harness and like articles about
20 per cent.

An intimation was given from the con-
ferees late this afternoon that there
would probably be some voting on dis-
puted questions in the conference to-
morrow. It is reasonably certain that a
report will not be made for several days.
Representative Payne will prepare an
exhaustive report setting forth his views.

The House will meet at noon to-morrow.

Sth

a rule giving the conferees additional
juristliction to enable them to reduce the
duties below the lowest rates in the Senate
and House bills will necessarily be re-
ported and passed by the House, but it
was said that it would not be done at the
session to-morrow.

A number of excuses are offered for the
delay in reporting the bill from oconfer-
ence. It is said that Representative
Payne desires to make public a long state-
ment in explanation of the conference
report. That will require some time.
Then it will take two or three days to make
up the conference report, which is a oleri-
cal task of no small proportions.
the Democratic conferees will have to be

Aldenbeck took his seat on | Thureday

| rangement which seemed so fairly satis-
| factory on Saturday and which promised
| to lead to an agreement within a few hours.
| The boot and shoe men objected to the
low duties proposed by the President in
the way of a concession for putting hides
on the free list. But whatever the objec-
tions from that source, they seem to have
| disappeared under the ministrations of
Senators Lodge and Crane. After the
conference broke up this evening Senator
Crane spent some time in the private office
of Senator Aldrich and then rode away
with the chairman of the Senate con-
| ferees. He seemed in a very amiable
mood and optimistic as to an early agree-
ment.
| There was much activity outside of the
| conference room. It began in the morn-
jing with visits to the President and in-
formation carried away from the White
House. The President was reported to
have told Representative Kustermann of
Wisconsin and Representative Fordney
of Michigan that he would insist on
everything contained in his original
enumeration of subjects for the free list
and for revision downward. Some of the
President's visitors gained the idea that
he would veto the bill unless it carried
out his own ideas heretofore expressed
for him in the newspapers.

The Senators from the West who are
fighting to retain the duty on hides were
much exercised over a statement that the
President was more insistent than ever
that hides should go on the free list, but

t he seemed to be relaxing a bit in his
that there bea cut of the proposed
duties on leather and its products. The
“range” Senators were so much stirred
up over the report that they held a meeting
in the Judiciary Committee room at which
the following Senators were present:
Warren and Clark of Wyoming, Carter
of Montana, Sutherland of Utah, Hey-
burn and Borah of Idaho, Crawford of
South Dakota, Curtis of Kansas and Dick
of Ohio.

After the meeting Senator Warren, who
was authorized to make an announcement,
declared that there were at least ten Ben-
ators on the Republican side who were
| unalterably opposed to the placing of
hides on the free list. He said that repre-
sentatives of the boot and shoe industry
of New England had stated at the hearings
before the Ways and Means Committee
that those industries would be glad to
yield all duties on boots and shoes and on
leather and its products if they could be
given free hides Mr. Warren said that
he and hie conferees in the hide propa-
ganda had accepted these statementa in
good faith and were ready to vote to put
hides on the free liet if leather and the
manufactured products of leather, in-
cluding boots and shoes, were also trans-
ferred from the dutiable to the free list.
The Senator deolared that he and his col-

ues in the conference held to the view

 

Jerome asked him to submit it to be | PERU AND BOLIVIA PEACEABLE. | that it was unfair to the farmers and stock

marked for identification
Justice Mille ruled that whatever Mr
Hartridge might have in his grip that
Mr. Jerome wanted must be wrapped up
#0 as to prevent a revelation before it
6 entered in evidence. The lawyer in

SEEING NEW YORK
Aeave Weet 224 at.. N.R,, oo
hours’ trip; ; the most instructive and

able ticlp in world; tol. 4044--Gramn. °**Seeing

\¥, Autos from Flatiron Bidg.,

. WrnAde. °
‘

 

STEAM YACHT
10A. M., 2.30 P

 

Sth av. aide, | pbeognare quickly

eee
| Prospects Good for a Satisfactory Rettie.
ment ef Boundary lasue.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.
Lisa, Peru, duly 26.~—It is stated. in
Government circles to-day that it is
hoped a satisfactory arrangement of the
| boundary imbroglio between Peru and

}

wu. | Bolivia will he reached shortly

| SUMMER WEARINESS- Horsford’s Acid

eves the languor, eabaue-

‘

growers to put their products on the free

list and then require them to pay duties
lon the boots and shoes they wore and the
| leather and harness they used manufac-
tured from these same free products.

On the heels of this note of defiance
from the “range Senators” came a rumor
(that Senator Beveridge had assured

Senator Warren that at least seven of
am - . eoaeenapenn puocancmmeareusaomyemennenpee een

Continued on Second Page.

 

It was eaid in an authoritative way that | fligh

wile and two chives. "7"

Balloonisis Land After Long Spell of
Very Bad Weather.

Sr. Lovts, duly 26.— After sailing
through cold min and sleet all last
night and through a heavy snowstorm for
more than an hour this morning, Capt.
John Berry and companions landed the
big balloon University City at 7:30 this
morning, seven milea from Savanna, Ill.,
240 miles due north of St. Louis, Berry,
Paul MoCullough and J. 8. Thurman
ascended at 8 o'clock Sunday even ing
from St. Louis.

“The wicker basket had absorbed nearly
its own w tt in water, and the drag
rope must have weighed nearly half a
ton after it was soaked. The chill air and
the water greatly increased the weight
and inelasticity of the gas and staying up
longer was out of the question. We had
to give up the chance for the Lahm cup,”
eaid Capt. Berry, who recently won the
national balloon race from Indianapolis.

“We went higher than any party that
ever ascended from St. Louis. At one
time when we were trying to get out of
the heavy snowstorm which we entered
at 7 this morning we ascended to 13,000
feet. Soon after leaving St. Louis at 8
last night we struok heavy cold rain clouds,
through which wé flew all night, and at
dawn we were shivering like . When
at 7 this morning we threw ballast to rise
above the rain we went from bad to
worse, shooting up in the midwinter
weather.

“The wind was variable and frequently
swung the basket round like atop. Sleet
cut our faces and we had to keep brushing
the snow off the edges of the basket ‘to
prevent its weight from

 

TENNESSEE WANTS DULANY.

He's Lecated in Jamaiocn and They're
Helding Him for Extraditiqn.
Special Cedle Despatch to Tus Sun.

Kixoston, Jamaica, July 26.—An

American named F. W. Dulany was

arrested at the Constant Spring Hotel

this morning on a cable from the Governor
of Tennessee charging him with em-
bezzlement. Dulany landed here last

 

RAILROAD PAY LAW INVOKED,

Sait Begun Against the Lackawanna
Read for Alleged Violation.

Utica, July 26.—Proceedings were be-
gun here this afternoo: by the Oneida
county District Attorney's office that will
lead to the arrest of the officials of the
Del.iware, Lack wanna and Western
Railroad for alleged violation of the State
labor laws in failing to pay the employees
of that railroad their wages at least every
two weeks ,

Three employees of the road were
brought to court om subpoenas and they
furnished depositions to the effect that
th» officials of the road do not pay them
as required by law All three swore that
they receive thew wages only once a
month and that payment is made from the
10th to the 16th of ea . month for work
done ty the .mployees during the pre-
ceding month. The road therefore owes
ita employees at least six weeks wages
every time payment is made for a month's
work.

The proceedings to-day were brought
by Deputy Factory Inspector Joseph
O'Rourke, who requested the office of the
District Attorney to assist him. Subse-
quentiy summonses were issued for the
president manager and cashier of the
company preliminary to the issuance of
warrants of arrest.

HAS HAD ENOUGH OF POLITICS.

Alderman Morrison Deciines te Become
Superintendent of Bulidings.
Alderman George A. Morrison, the Flat-
bush contractor, has declined to become
Superintendent of Buildings in Brook-
lyn in place of David F. Moore, saying
that he is disgusted with politics and

 

 

Brooklyn, but added:

“I’ve had enough.”

Mr. Coler refused yesterday to say who
would be seoond choice.

MANDAMUS TO AHEARN

Te Put Walker Back in Office Qnick and
Report Next Week That He Has Done It.

William Bp Valewr, who has not been
reinstated in his former position of Super-
intendent of he the Borough of

it Ahearn,

 

 

ment against
| Ae ale the cums 65 Ob Cw.

Cashier Gene and Big Gum Missing.
| ‘Treron, Ind., July 26.—Noah R. Marker,
| assistant cashier of the First National
| Bank of Tipton, has d >
| investigation ”
,000, besides
e close of business
Saeraniiy. hast exminctin
' temporarily a of $1,000,000.
|The cashier left a note for his brother

 

 

   

Are

 

 

TU.

by the Sun Printing and Publishing Aseoctation.

|

NEW BRITISH DREADNOUGHTS

FOURTO BE BUILT IN A HURRY,
ASQUITH ANNOUNCES.

 

 

Safety Before Sentiment Policy Indorsed
by Majofity of 193 in the Commons
—Programme of 1010 Still Unmade
~Leviathan Cruisers Are Needed.

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

Lowpon, July 26.—A full house listened
to-day with keen interest to an announce-
ment that four Dreadnoughts or battle-
ship-cruisers would be laid down in April
next. The ition could only criticise
the it's delay in doing what
was obviously imperative, but all the
Nationalists, most of the Laborites and a
considerable bunch of the Radicals voted
against the Government's proposal, which
was carried by a majority of 182.

It ahould be noted that the Government,
now that it is forced to enlarge ite ship-
building programme in accordance with
the necessity that was recognized all
along by its ablest members, is really not
delaying so long as it might seem, for
although the keels will not be laid down
until April the preparation of the arma-
ment for the new vessels will be begun
immediately.

Reginald McKenna, First Lord of the
Admiralty, in defending the Government
against the charge of delay reminded
the House that it was not the building of
hulle which took time but the providing
of the gun mountings. Both Mr. McKenna
and Premier Asquith spoke in the strong-
est terms of the necessity for this in-
creased programme. The former referred
to the change of type in the ships of the
1908 programme. He said:
one
of the November ships shall not be a
battleship but an improved cruiser.”

He added that the Admiralty had been
informed that there were under construc-
tion cruisers more powerful and faster
than the Invincibles and Indomitables,
and that as the safety of British com-
merce depended upon British warships
being able to outrun and capture any
hostile cruiser it was incumbent upon
Great Britain to build cruisers of even
greater speed than the leviathans she had
afloat at the present moment. He said

that during three years Great Britain had | bY

to-day
cording
depend

laid down eight large armored vessels
and Germany eleven. Great Britain de-
sired a mutual restriction of armaments
but, added Mr. MoKenna:

“I submit that after three years experi-

|
:

|

i

H

i

2
q

z
:
8
ry

a
i

were in no mood to hold it.”

four ships now announced.
entirely on circumstances, the
timé@ in which they were concluded. Con-
tinuing he said: “After a careful examina-
tion and after months of deliberation
we have come reluctantly but unani-
mously to the conclusion that this is the
only programme which, consistently
with our duty to the country and with
primary regard for the safety of the em-
pire, we can honestly ask Parliament to
accept.”

Mr. Asquith said that a conflict with
Germany was altogether outside a prob-
able or reasonably conceivable condition
of things. But the Government had done
ite best to secure a restriction of arma-
ments and had been accused of over-
stepping the limite of national dignity in
so doing, although it did not share
that view. The door was still open and
the Government was atill, anxious to
come to some arrangement with the
other Powers on the subject. Failing
this it must consider the national
requirementa im the light of the

mes of other Powers. Unless
it should do so it would be condemned
as having sacrificed national require-
ments to sentiment.

SUICIDE USED SAFETY RAZOR.

 

Edward Perkins, Whiskey Salesman, Cat
Hie Wrists With Biade.

 

 

COURT CENSURES A FATHER.

Judge Resalsky Gets After Him for
Having His Son Arrested.

William Bliichman of 227 Third street

youth of 18 years. The father's charge

 

maker.

 

Toxspat, Jour 27, 1900.
Unsettled weather, with showers to-night and
to-morrow; light to moderate south-

erly winds,

 

PRICE TWO GENTS.

MARTIAL LAW IN parpreres ASKS THE DEAD, SHALL I WED?

OmMcial Anneuncement of a G
Strike—Telegraph Wires Cut.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tam Sun.

Mapaip, July 26.—The Government
has issued an official note to the effect
that a general strike has broken out in

Barcelona.

The oity has been placed under martial
law.

/The railway lines and telegraph wires
to Sabadell have been out.

THE CORONET IN DISTRESS.

Vacht Get te Drifting in Hell Gate and
Tag Towed Her Out ef Danger.
While on her way on the flood tide
through Hell Gate into Léng Island
Sound shortly after noon yesterday the
steam yacht Coronet, flying the New
York Yacht Club pennant, became dis-
abled after rounding Halletts Point and
went drifting along with the currént.
She immediately sounded signals
distress and there was a sourrying of
nearby steam craft to get to her assistance.
Fortunately the yacht kept well out
in the channel and when off Scaly Rock
the tugboat Eva May got alongside and
put a line on her. Then they proceeded
up the Sound.
To the spectators on the Astoria shore
it looked as if the Coronet had broken
her steering gear.

SAYS HE LENT ZIEGFELD 8400

Te Get Away From Venice With After
Lowes at Roulette.

Tomaso Mazzoli, a restaurant keeper
in Venioe, has brought suit against Flor-
ence Ziegfeld to recover $400 which he
says he loaned Ziegfeld in 1906 to get from
Venice to London after a disastrous ex-
perience at roulette. Mazzoli has sent
to hie counsel, Nicholas Salvaggi of 320
Broadway, what purports to be letters and
telegrams from Ziegfeld promising to pay
the money when he was able. Ziegfeld
declares that he never heard of Mazzoli.
Suit against Ziegfeld by a French gam-
bling house keeper for $20,000 ts pending.

MEXICAN SCHOOLSHIP MISSING.
Manned by Cadets the Yucatan Left Gal-
veston Just Before Big Sterm.

San ANTONIO, July 26.—Private advices
received here say that the ‘Mexican Gov-

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tax Sun.
Taueran, July 26.—The Government
is prepared to grant the deposed Shah,
Mohammed Ali, $25,000 annually on con-
dition that he leaves Persia without delay.

MYSTERY OVER MARRIAGE.

Ne Explanation ef Odd Tactics in Miss
Cruger’s Union With Mr.
Special Cable Despatch to Tau Sun.

Lonvon, July 26.—Extraordinary ef-
forts are being made to suppress all know!l-
edge of the marriage to-morrow of Miss
Violet Cruger to Lewis Rodman Wana-
Mies Cruger is stopping with her
mother at the Hyde Park Hotel. Mr.
Wanamaker instructed the servants at
the Carlton Hotel, where he went on his
arrival here, to inform all callers that he
had gone to Scotland.

The American Embassy, through which
application was made for the special
marriage license, informs inquirers, by
Ambassador Reid's instructions, that all
information is refused. The churoh au-
thorities take the same attitude. The
mystery connected with these mancuvres
has not yet been explained.

The present arrangement is that the
marriage will take place at St. Margaret's
Church, Westminster, at 11:45 o'clock
to-morrow morning.

CAIRNCRAG ON THE ROCKS.

British Steamer From Boston for tiathurst
May Be a Total Loss.

Hauirax, July 26.—The steamer Cairn-

crag, three [thousand tons, of Newcastle-

on-Tyne, from Boston for Bathurst, Me.,

 

 

The Cairncrag was to load deals at
Bathurst.
Seventy-year-old Japanese Ginge Trans.

planted.
Twelve men and a big truck last night
moved a tree that has stood at the south-
east corner of Fifth avenue and 126th
street for the last seventy years. The
old tree was a monster Ja gingo
and belonged to Jesse W. Power, former
Park Commissioner. The tree had
tos oportions that it interf with
the light in Mr. Power's house, and as he
thought | fine to
gented it to the city.
Mount Morris Park.

 

 

 

oS QUE BUS WRG

tr

a

  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
   

 

AYSLOP’S LATE WIFE COULDN'T
ADVISE IT.

 

His Father and Dr. Hodgsen Wavered, bat
Finally Said Don’t Marry—Oh, I Gave
Tt Up Leng Ago, Says Hyslop— Asked
How the Lady Really Felt About Him.

There has been a difference of opinion /
among spooks who love Dr. James H.
Hyslop, the psychio researcher, as to
whether he ought to marry ag@n or not.
The spirits of the doctor's first wife, his
father and Prof. Richard Hodgson all
know the woman the doctor had picked
out and have had some advice, to give
him. They have spoken through Mrs. .
Balmar, the wife of a physician in the em- |
ploy of the United States Government,
who lapsed into a mediumistic trance
and took down in automatic writing the
conversation between Dr. Hyslop and
his epirit relatives and friends

The spirit of Mrs. James Hyslop
was more or less noncommittal, but
Hyslop'’s father, Robert Hyslop, de-
olared in one communication that if his son
ever lapsed from his widowerhood “Mary
would never be heard from again”

As for Mr. Hodgson, with whom Dr.
Hyslop had worked when Hodgson was
in the flesh, he was dend set against the
matrimonial idea on first thought. He
was afraid that thie union would draw the
doctor away from his research work and
impoverish the World by just so much. ‘
In @ subsequent spiritual communica-
tion, however, he relented. Finally both
he and Robert Hyslop joined in advising
against the marriage, only to learn that
Hyslop had decided against it himself.

Dr. Hyslop himself has published «
record of these Balmar séances in the
Journal of the American Society for
Psychical Research, which is just out.
Of these séances the doctor believes firmly -
that there are “some incidents that are

undoubtedly supernorma!” and indicate
transcendental! knowledge with fair clear-
ness.

A reference was made to the
bility of the doctor marrying again in one
of the first communications that the
medium had with his father. ,

“A woman always spoils everything,”
said the spirit of the elder Hyslop by way
of general comment.

“Well, would you say that about the
lady I am interested in?” asked the son. *

“I will not; find out their little tricks and
tell me your opinion,” was the spirit’s

reply.

“All right. What do you say of my

apts of the Patera, . thinking
ou are

of marrying her.

Dr. ‘What do wa
Pune tiga and hee é

man to be alone.
Dr. Hyslop—Yes, I understand; but
am I meking a wise choice?

Father's Spirit—I think she is as good
as any of them are. She is very smart
and euch a perfect lady. When are you
going to be married?

Dr. Hyslop—I am not certain that it
will ocour at all; I wanted to see how you
thought about it.

Father's Spirit—Oh, yes, it will; she
loves you and will not let you slip away.

Dr. Hyslop—How does Hodgson think
about it ?

Father's Spirit—He says a man married
is a man marred for scientific research.

The shadow added that Dr. Hodgson
hoped the woman would see somebody
elee she liked better.

“Good morning, father,” said Dp,
Hyslop at a subsequent séance.

“Good morning. James,” replied the.
spirit. “I am glad tosee you here. You
can clear away one trouble, I believe.
In our last two sittings we have been
bothered by a man who screams above
our heads and his words, not ours, go
through part of the time.”

“You will have to persuade him to go
away,” suggested the doctor.

“We are doing all we can with the help .
of the medium’s friend,” said the shadow
writing. “He has always bothered this
case when they try to make a test.”

“Hodgson says he withdraws his for-
mer opinion on that subject,” said the

“What subject is that?”
doctor.

“Your marriage.”

“What does he say about that now?"

Father's Spirit—Not good.

Dr. Hyslop-—-Why not?

Father's Spirit—Don't ring true.
Dr. Hyslop—What is the matter?

friends and both agreed that
wot for the best.

Father's Spirit—Yes, but the ladyfdon't
feel that way, really. We see the inside
working of the mind. In that we have an
advantage over you.

Dr. Hyslop—Yes; can you see exactly
how she feels about it?

Father's Spirit—She is really interested