VOL, LXXV.—NO, 298,

 

SHAH’S ARTILLERY BATTERS
PARLIAMENT BUILDING.

 

Nationalists Start Slaughter and Get Far
the Worst of It-—Troops Sterm Their
Quarters and Corpses Heap the Streets
—U. 8, Missionaries In Dread of Kurds.

Speetal Cable Despatches to Tas Sum.

TrHER\N, June 28 —The expected clash
between the forces of the Shah and of the
Assembly ocourred this morning. Early
in the day a force of cavalrymen surrounded
the Parliament buildings and the mosque
adjoining and demanded that the Assem-
bly at once give up certain persons whose
arrest had been ordered by the Shah.

The Assembly refused to comply with
the demands and their guards opened fire,
killing a number of the soldiers,

Reenforcements and artillery entered the
city later in the morning and the fring on
both sides continued.

At about 11 o'clock artillery began bom-
barding the Parliament building and a
mosque which the Natipnaliste, including
rnembers of Parliament, priests and’ mem-
bers of the anjumans or political clubs,
defended. A bomb from the Parliament
houses disabled one of the guna and killed or
wounded the gunners.

The bombardment lasted until 8 o’clook,
when the Parliament kuilding and mosque
were in ruins. Moet of their occupants,
including the leading Nationalists, were
captured,

The casualties during the fighting were
rumerous, but their number is not known
with any accuracy. It is stated that the
Shah’s cossacks, who are armed and
equipped like the Russian cossacks, lost
eeverely.

While the fighting was going on part
of the troops looted the premises of the
political clubs, and the mob, taking ad-
vantage of the chaos, plundered the resi-
cencea of some of the members of Parlia-
ment and others.

The Shah for the moment is on top, but
the trouble is not ended. The immediate
responsibility for the bloodshed rests on
the Nationalista. It was the firing of a
fatal volley by members of the Muzaffarieh
Anjuman within the Parllament building
upon the cogsacks that ted to the bom-
Lardment.

BERLIN, June 28.—A despatch to the

Lokal Anzeiger to-day says that during the-

afternoon the troops of the Shah, assisted
by artillery, stormed and captured the
Parliament buildings. The artillery bom-
tarded the town and the palace,

At the conclusion of the engagement, the
despatch® adds, the space in front of the
Parliament buildings was heaped with
corpses.

According to accounts of thé fighting at
Teheran which have reached here the en-
gagement. took place throughout the day
in the narrow streeta of the city. The
troops did not discriminate between armed
revolutioniste and unarmed onlookers, but
shot anybody without cheek. They also
acted with savage cruelty, torturing their
victims, who were of all agea.

Eighteen reform leaders who were ar-
rested were taken in chaina before the Shah,
who ordered their summary execution. The
losses of the troops were insignificant.

The palace which was bombarded is the
imperial residence thet the Shah lately va-
cated. Reformers seeking refuge from the
troops took possession of it.

Lonpon, June 24.—A despatch to the
Times from Teheran states that Gen. Liakoff,
a Russian employed by the Shah, directed
the troops and now holds the town. For-
eigners are in no danger.

Those wounded in the fighting number
eeventy, including several Deputies.
Twenty-five persons were killed. The
Nationalist leaders are prisoners.

In addition to practically destroying the
Parliament building and the mosque, the
troops Jooted and partly destroyed Prince
Zill-es-Sultan’s palace and the neighboring
houses,

The destruction of the mosque horrifies
the public. The Shah will have extreme
difficulty in coping with the situation.

WasuINGTON, June 28.—The State Depart-
ment received to-day’ from John B. Jack-
son, American Minister at Teheran, de-
spatches which state that severe fighting
has taken place in the Persian capital be-
tween political societies and troops of the
Persian Government and that the artillery
has been employed.

Mr. Jackson added that foreigners were in
no special danger. He said that the city
was in a state of siege.

The present disorders it is said are the
outgrowth of the disputes which'have been
prevalent since the establishment of a
constitutional government in Persia a few
months ago. They are due mainly to a
large element of the population whioh is
opposed to the Shah and there have heen
several attempta upon his life in addition
to revolutionary outbreaks.

Gen. Morteza Kahn, Persian Minister
to the United States, said to-day that he
had received no information concerning
the latest outbreak in Teheran. In the
last few yeara, he estimated, 80,000 persons
have been killed in political riots in Persia.

Outlaws in the vicinity of Urumiah,
Persia, have been unusually active in the
last few months and Americen missionaries
there have appealed to the United States
Government for assistance in obtaining
protection from the Turkish and Persian
authorities. William F. Doty, American
Consul at Tabriz, Persia, sent a despatch to
the State Department to-day saying that
American missionaries had requested him
to visit Urumiah to make an inspection of
the situation with a view to obtaining pro-
tection against the nomadio Kurds, who
infest the neighborhood.

Urumiah is the heart of a strip of territo:
the sovereignty of which ie disputed. It is
claimed by both Turkey and Persia, and
neither country been able to control
the wild tribes of Kurds who inhabit the
region. These bands of outlaws terrorize
and rob the natives. The bandits are safe
from pursuit because of the fact that Turk-
ish troops are not authorized to cross the
border into Persia in pursuit of the bandits
and consequently they are able to make
marauding excursions into Turkey and
escape across the border with impunity.

_ The question of protecting missionaries
in this part of the world has been receiving
the attention of the State Department for
the last three years. It is believed here
that an understand. will have to be
reached between Persia and Turkey by
which the troops of either country can
enter the other to pursue these outlaws,
ch an agreement is difficult to arrange,
because a cate international situation
exists in Persia and Turkey. I order that
sich an un ding may be effected the
consent of Great Britain, Russia and Ger-

many will be necessary, beonuee each of
the.e nations has tensive interests in

| the disputed

 

 

   

 

oe

 

 

a a ee ee ee eee

 

+NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24, 1908.—copyron, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,
AGED WOMAN CARRIED OFF ?
BLOODY RIOTS IN. TRABRAN| 4

 

ts. Render of South Amboy Asks Police to

Hunt for Mrs, Volokwein, a Relative.

New Bronewicn, N. J,, June 23.—The
charge that Mrs. Elnora Volckwein, 80
years old, has been carried off, held against
her will and transported from place’ to
place in an automobile is made by Mrs.
Philip Render of South Amboy, who is sup-
posed to be the beneficiary under the will
already made by the missing woman. Mra.
Render has asiced the police of South Am-
boy and other places to help her find Mra.
Volckwein. .

Mrs. Render is the daughter of Mrs.
Ella Kulp of South Amboy by her second
husband, Mrs. Kulp’s first husband was a
son of Mrs. Volckwein. The latter has no
blood relatives living, and it is declared
made a will leaving all her property, esti-
mated at from $60,000 to $70,000, to Mre.
Render. The will is asserted to be in safe
deposit in Newark.

between Mrs. er and her mother,
Mrs. Kulp. Mrs. Volokwein made her
home with Mrs, Render, and several
weeks ago left the house and never
returned. She was su to have gone
to visit a sister of Mrs. Render on the road
from Matawan to Old Bridge, eight miles
from South Amboy. According to Mrs.
Render, Mrs. Volckwein was walking along
the Matawan-Old Bridge road, using
crutches—she being larfle—when a big black
touring car swept déwn upon her. The
occupants picked her up and sped off with
her. Since. then Mrs, Render has, had no
communication with Mrs. Volckwein.

The automobile and the aged woman
have been seen at many different places,
as far away as Buffalo and Washington, D.
C., it is said. They have toured Staten
Island and stopped for short periods in Tot-
tenville and Perth Amboy, and have been
in Atlantic City. Mrs. Render declares that
John Reed, a New York lawyer, and two
Italian doctors named Brazil—aleo a nurse,
Mies Edith Dey—have been with Mrs.
Volckwein.

After several futile attempts to locate
the missing woman unaided Mrs. Render
appealed to the South Amboy authorities.
Dr. B. E. Haines, former Assemblyman,
is one of those who have taken the matter
up for her. Prosecutor Berdine has also
been notified and County Detective Hoff-
man, who lives in South Amboy, has been
following clues to the elusive automobile
party.

CONTESTS WILLIAMS’S WILL.

Miiwaukee Man Attacks Bequests From
New Yorker to Servants.
Avaveta, Me., June 23.—Gilbert Hickox
of Milwaukee, Wis., has filed a remonstrance
againat the allowance of the will of Benjamin
C.- Williams, formerly of New York, who
died at Winthrop in May. The will leaves
all of Mr. Williams's property to Eugéne
Coté, Mrs. Rose Caron, Miss Valentine
Caron, all of Winthrop, and to the New
York Athletic Club of New York city. It also
contains a clause ng “Iam not un-
mindful of my relatives, but I do not wish
to leave them any of my property.”
Benjamin C. Williams was formerly a
New York broker. A few years ago he
retired from business, bought a Jarge farm
in Kennebec county and settled down for
the rest of his days. He wasthen barely 60.
He had the buildings remodelled till the
house became a veritable palace. As his
housekeeper he brought with him a French
woman, Mrs Rose Caron, and her daughter
Valentine. As his farm superintendent he
had a Frenchman, Eugéne Coté, who was also
a member of the household, while the other
men on the farm were regarded as servants.
Mr. Williams died in May. His will gave
the farm, live stock and equipment in equal
and undivided shares to Mrs. and Miss
Caron and Mr. Coté. His guns, clothing
and minor personal effects were willed to
Mr. Coté. The household furnishings and
contents, except the things willed to Mr.
Coté, and also except his library, were be-
queathed to Mrs. and Miss! Caron. The
library, with its, books, pamphlets and
scrap books, was willed to the New York
Athletic Club. His tobacco plantation
in Nottoway county, Virginia, was willed
to Miss Caron, the income to be used for
her education till she reaches the age of
21, when the property is to become hers
absolutely. His stocks, bonds and other
securities were divided equally betweea
Mrs. and MissCaron. His body was ordered
buried in his Jot in Woodlawn Cemetery,
New York city, with the services of the
Freemasons and with noreligious ceremony
except a prayer. ‘
The grounds of My. Hickox's contest will
be announced later, when the first appear-
ance is made in court.

ARREST LAWYER-PALMIST.
pe
Alvandros, Whom Mrs. Cummings Shot,
Taken on Larceny Warrant,

Charles D. Alvandros, the Brazilian who

posed as a lawyer but worked as a palmist,
and who was ehot in Paterson on March 9 last
by Mrs. Rebecca Cummings, mother of a
woman with whom Alvandros was living,
was arrested yesterday in a house in West
Thitty-fourth street on a warrant secured
by Mrs. Florence Foye of 546 West 156th
street.

Mrs. Foye, who is the mother of James
E. Foye, at one time confidential gecretary
to Charles G. Gates, got the w; t for
Alvandros at the time he was shohaharging
him with larceny.

She said he a studio at 249 West
Forty-second street under the name of
Imro Palma, and that she went to him
to see if he could tell her how she could
get back her job as attendant in the Seward

ark public baths. She said he took $13
and got her to buy $50 worth of worthless
mining stock, and didn’t secure the job

for her.

Detective H , who has had the war-
rant eyer since, didn’t find Alvandros in
the city until yesterday. He was held in

jail in Paterson as a witness against Mrs.

as for several months, and after
she was sent to prison for three years for
shooting him he was rel

AUTO FALLS INTO A STREAM,

Runs Off a Bridge and Turns a Somersault
~The Five Occupants Not Much Hart.

Hastinos, N, Y., June 23.—Dr. and Mrs,
William Green, who live at 26 First avenue,
Mount Vernon; their ten-year-old niece
and Mr, and Mrs. James Shaw, also of Mount
Vernon, were riding in Dr. Green's auto-
mobile along the Sawmill River road back
is afternoon when in attempt-
ing to cross a #mall bridge over the stream
near the turn into the Farragut road the
steering gear failed to work and the auto
went over the b into the stream. The
car landed in about three feet of water head
on on the radiator, then turned over bottom

 

 

 

 

     

    
  
 

ocou ect eel ape
of when the somer-

landed j i
f n ‘water

 
 
 

The will, it is declared, made a breach
}

 

MAY HAVE TO UNDERGO AN
OPERATION FOR GALL STONES.

 

In Hospital, Whither He Was Take From
the Home of Myron T. Herrick, Wheve
Guest He Had SMeen—Wife and son
at Bedside—Eminent Surgeon Called.

CLEVELAND, June 23.—The condftion of
James 8. Sherman, candidate for Vice-
President,was described by Dr. E. P. Carter
as follows at 10 to-night:

“Temperature, 102 8-10. Pulse, 82. Respi-
ration, 28. Restless and asking nourish-
ment. -

“Mr. Sherman's fever and general con-
dition are what was to have been expected.
I see no immediate need for an operation.
However, if his temperature rises an opera-
tion is the only alternative.’ Mra. Sherman
is doing well.”

Mr. Sherman was removed to the Lake-
side Hospital this morning from the home
of ex-Gov. Myron T. Herriok, suffering with
gall stones, an old ailment, He will in all
probability be in the hospital for several
days, and an operation may be necessary,
though this is not certain. Dr. John M.
Finney, a specialist of Baltimore, was sum-
moned, but he was ill and unable to come to
Cleveland.

That the nominee’s condition was con-
sidered, critical was indicated by the’ tele-
gram sent to Congressman Tawney in
Winona, Minn., asking that he get into
communication with Dr, William Mayo,
the noted specialist of Rochester, Minn.,
and induce Dr. Mayo to come here also.

This telegram was sent by H. E. Deven-
dorf, Mr. Sherman’s private secretary, who
has guarded the room occupied by Mr.
Sherman since he was taken from Gov,
Herrick’s home early this morning.

Dr. Carter when he left the hospital
was succeeded in the |sickroom by Dr.
Dudley P. Allen, a noted specialist, on the
hospital staff, and Dr. Charles W. Stone,
resident physician of the hospital.

They had cared for Mrs. Sherman, who
collapsed on her arrival here at 4:50 o’olock
from Utica.

At 10 o’olock Mrs, Sherman was much
improved, having rallied at 8 o'clock. Just
after 8 o'clock she talked with her hus-
band for a time. Both Mrs. Sherman and
her son are staying at the hospital, in easy
call to Mr, Sherman's room.

Drs. Allen and Stone will remain with
their patient throughout the night, guard-
ing against a rise of temperature sufficient
to compel an operation and prepared should
such a rise occur to operate at once.

Dr. G. W. Boskowitz of New York, Mr.
Sherman's family physician, is on his way
to thie city, having left New York at 5:30
o'clotk this afternoon. The summoning
of Dr. Boskowitz was the result not so much
of fear that an operation was imperative
but of a desire that Mr. Sherman’s own
physician should be with the patient.

Mr. Sherman had not been feeling well
since he arrived in Cleveland on Sunday.
At the time, however, he attributed his
fllIness principally to the excitement at
the Republican national convention at
Chicago. Until this morning, when he had
a turn for the worse, with a severe chill,
he expected to be able to start for his home
in Utica, N. Y., to-night Soon after he
had the chill physicians were called in
and he was taken to the hospital.

It was necessary to carry Mr. Sherman
into the hospital on a stretcher.

Gov. Hertick was inclined to view the
iliness optimistically and thought that Mr,
Sherman would be out again in a few days.

Gov. Herrick, at whoa» neme~ho had
been staying, got into communication
with Mrs. Sherman thie morning over the
telephone. She was greatly agitated
over the condition of her husband
and declared her intention of coming at
once to Cleveland. An effort to persud%le
her not to come failed, and she and their
son, Richard U. Sherman, an inetructor in
Hamilton College, at Clinton, N. Y., started
for this city.

Mr. Sherman suffered a similar attack
in New York city two years ago while
serving as chairman of the Republican
Congressional campaign committee. He
had another attack in Washington last April.

While attending the Chicago convention
Mr. Sherman was not feeling thoroughly
well. Notwithstanding this he worked
under high pressure and was in constant
conference with the Republican leadera,
sacrificing sleep. He was in attendance at
the vonvention daily and sat through the
long and hot session of the day that saw
Taft's nomination. a

The illness of Mr Sherman may dis-
a: rang’ the plans of Secretary Taft’s man-
agers. They had wanted a Vice-Presi-
dential candidate who would do the speaking
part of the campaign,

|

 

CELEBRATION IS POSTPONED.

 

Welcome to Candidate Sherman Will Take
Piace Later.

Utica, June 28.-The home coming
celebration arranged for Congressman
Sherman was declared off at a meeting of
the chairmen of the different committees |
held in the Mayor's office this afternoon.
The demonstration was scheduled for to-
night and thousands of persons had arrived
here to participate before the announce-
ment was made that on account of the
Vioe-Presidential nominee's iliness in Cleve-
land, Ohio, the demonstration had. been
postponed, The affair will be held when '
Mr, Sherman is able to return to his home |
and the elaborate arrangements made for
this evening will be carried out,

The chairman of the committee announced

| that the Barnum 4 Bailey circus had planned

to take part in the celebration, as originally
planned for Monday night. Four elephants

i gpecia] train, in charge of keepers, and

 
   

the animals were to have taken part in the
parade,

This messagd of sympathy was sent to
Mrs, Sherman at Cleveland this afternoon:

“Urrca, June 28, 1908,
“To Mra, James S.Sherman, care Gov. Myron
T. Herrick, Cleveland, Ohio:

“Chairmen of committees in charge of
weloome for Mr. Sherman, in session, direct
us to convey to the heartfelt
of the entize oceans unity and request ¢ that

were shipped to this city last night on a

 
 
   
  
  

t the same to
Zoom as be ie able to receive it, ™
“GroncE Bratry, Chairman.

*J. P, Bannino, Secretary

   

 

CANDIDATE SHERMAN IS ILL

GEORGIA AGAINST BRYAN. *

State's Delegation to Denver Will Be fer
Johnson d& Gray.
ATLANTA, June 23.—The twenty-six dele-
gates selected by the State Demooratic
convention to-day to represent Georgia
at Denver are uninstructed and will vote
againat Bryan.
Only one man on the delegation, J, Lind-

 

‘say Johnson of Rome, favora Bryan and

as the unit rule has been adopted he will
not , be able to vote for the Nebraskan.

It is said that the delegation will probably
vote for Gov. Johnson of Minnesota, though
it may decide to support Judge Gray of
Delaware. : ;

‘Clark Howell of Atlanta was reelected
national committeeman from Georgia,
making him the oldest member of the com-
mittee in point of service, The four dele-
gates at large are Albert Cox of Atlanta,
W. 8S. West of Valdosta, F. W. Loyless of
Au and Peter W. Meldrim of Savannah.

des selecting the Denver delegates
the convention also nominated Joseph M.
Brown for Governor to succeed Hoke Smith,
thus ratifying the result of the popular
primary of June 4.

A resolution indorsing Thomas E. Wat-
eon for the second place on the Dembdoratio
national ticket was overwhelmingly de-
feated.

The platform pledges equal protection
to all invested capital, whether foreign or
domestic, urges strict control of all public
utility corporations and favors such freight
and passenger rates as wiil be’ just to the
travelling and shipping ‘public; favors
strict enforcement of the State pro-
hibition law and pledges opposition to any
attempt to weaken it. platform also
opposes “Undesirable immigration” and
also favors the disfranchisement amend-
ment to the Constitution which is to be
voted on in October.

STILL HOPE OF HITCHCOCK.

He Wil See Roosevelt and Taft'at Oyster
Bay on Sunday.
WasHInGcron, June 23.— Advices were
received here to-day that Frank H. Hitch-
cook, who operated the Roosevelt-Taft
eteam roller at Chicago, is coming eastward,
and it is understood he will be at Oyster
Bay the latter part of the week. A ocon-
ference ‘will be held by President Roose-
velt and Secretary Taft on Sunday, and it is
expected that a decision’ will then be
reached as to who will be in charge of the
Republican end of the coming campaign.
While Mr. Hiichoock brought to an end
the controversy over the national chair-
manship that © out immediately after
the adjournment of the Chicago convention
by notifying Mr. Taft that his name must
not be considered for the place the steam
roller man is still regarded as a strong
probability. He would undoubtedly serve
if requested to do so by Mr. Taft, and that
he was Mr. Taft's choice prior to the con-
vention is generally believed. The Presi-
dent is said to favor the selection of Mr.

 

 

Hitchcock. .

 

TALE. OF A DEAD SEA SERPENT.

Was Drowned Up Maine Way—-Wetghed
15,000 Pounds.
' PorTLanD, Me., June 28.—A sea monster
weighing 15,000 pounds, 45 feet in length,
and in appearance much like the fabled
sea serpent was caught by two fishermen,
Albert Richardson and a companion, five
miles off Orrs Island, Casco Bay, this morn-
ing, after he had made a desperate effort
to escape from the meshes of a big mackerel
net, which finally wound itself so tightly
about him that the gills were tied flat to
the body and the big fish drowned, but not,
however, until he had smashed a rail off
one motor boat and nearly capsized the
other, é
The oldest fishermen agreed that they
had never seen anything like the monster.
His head as they describe it was a
shark's, without teeth, his body serpen-
tine, with a spiny back fin; his tail like a
whaie's, 4 feet long and 6 feet broad. It
took the two fishermen'’s big motor boat
three hours to tow the circass ashore,
The fish was cut up and his liver, alleged
to weigh 1,700 pounds, tried out for o}).

THREE SHIPS HEMMED IN BY ICE,

Revenue Cutter Thetis One of Them—Im-
prisoned Just Outside Port of Nome.
San awcisco, June 28.—The steamer

Ohio, Which sailed from Seattle several

weeks ago with many passengers for St.

Michael; the big Norwegian tramp steamer

Transit, carrying coal and bound from

Nanaimo, and the United*States revenue

cutter Thetis are caught in the ice just

outside of Nome, according to reports
which reached here to-day. The former
two vessels are several days overdue at

Nome afid considerable anxiety has been

felt regarding the safety of persons on

board them.

Now that the ships are hemmed:-in by
ice it is not known when they will reach
their destinations, as ice floes may close
around the vessels and keep them looked
there indefinitely. News of their plight was
contained in a wireless message received
from Nome to-day containing information
that the steamer Umatilla had brought
reports to Alaska City. The Umatilla was
among the fleet of passenger ships bound for
Nome from Seattle, and upon her safe arrival
to-day the captain reported that he had
sighted tho Ohio, Transit and Thetis in the
ice.

The three ships wero in clear water,
although ice had closed all about them.

NO NEW PANAMA MINISTER.

It Was Just a Tangle of Names, as Now
Appears.

Wasuinoton, June 23.—The unofficial
despatches from Panama thet a new Min-
ister was on the way to the United States
to replace Sefior Arango apparently were
wrong. Minister Arango was mystified,

 

 

 

having received no notice of his recall and |

never having heard before the name of the
Minister reported en route to succeed him,

8 DIE IN THE WHITNEY’S HOL

WRECKED WITH NO LOSS OF LIFE,
RAISED AT GREATER COST.

 

 

Diver and Twe Assistants Enter the Hold

an Hour After She Is Floated Of Hell
| Gate Reef and Are Killed by Carbonic
Acid Gas Arising From the Cargo.

Nobody was hurt when the steamboat
H. M. Whitney went on Nigger Point reef,
Hell Gate, in a fog a month ago, but three
men were killed on her yesterday an hour
after she had been raised, She had been
pumped out by the Merritt-Chapman Wrevk-
ing Company and floated over to the foot of
East 102d street. Three of the wrecking
orew went down the forward hatchway into
the hold} were overcome by carbonio acid
fumes and were taken out dead.

One was August Bjorklund, a veteran
diver, who had patched up one of the big
holes in the side of the steamer. He took
with him Herman Fabricius, a blacksmith,
and Michael Menus, a ‘laborer. Supt.
Thomas Kivlin, in charge of the wreckers,
and Capt. George Hone of the Henry M.
Whitney had warned all the wreckers and
members of the crew that it would be un-
safe to venture into the hold until the air
had been purified.

The Whitney's cargo consisted mainly
of green hides, miscellaneous freight made
up largely of rubber, resin, molasses and a
quantity of coal. Some 500 tons had been
taken out and yesterday 1,800 tons remained.
The divers had patched the hole in the boat's
bottom and yesterday morning, having
pumped her out, the wreckers got two im-
mense chains under the bow and stern of the
Whitney and she was lifted almost out of the
water by four powerful floating derricks.
Shortly before noon the derricks headed for
the Manhattan shore and an hour later the
freighter was lying at the foot of 102d street.

The derricks had scarcely been tied up
there when Bjorklund and hie two assist-
ants went down the second forward hatch-
way. No one saw them go, but a few min-
utes later one of the wreckers, happening
to pass the hatchway, looked down into the
hold and saw the three men stretched out
on the bottom. Supt. Kivlin was noti-
fied and he called the members of his
force and the crew of the steamer around
him.

“The man who goes down after those men
takes his life in his hand, but there ought
to be somebody here brave enough to do it,”
eaid Kivlin. “If we can get them out of
that rotten gas promptly we may save
them.” }

There wasn't any response for a moment,
but suddenly Diver Jack Hanson worked
his way through the little zroup around the
hatchway with a.diver’s helmet over his
head. Hanson didn't speak until he had
taken half a dozen steps down the ladder,
when he said:

“I guess I’m about the best friend Gus
Bjorklund had, and if the boys will keep me
supplied with air I'll get those poor fel-
lows out as quickly as any one could.”

He tied a rope around Bjorklund’s should-
ers, and while Bjorklund was being pulled
up on deck two more ropes were thrown to
Hanson. He secured the ropes around
Menus and Fabricius, and in ten minutes
all three men were on deck and were receiv-
ing first aid treatment. Ambulances were
sent for, but it was nearly half an hour
before Dr. Moeckel of the Harlem Hospital
arrived. The three men were dead then.
Supt. Kivlin was arrested and taken before
Coroner Aoritelli, who released him to
appear at the inquest.

Both Bjorklund and Fabricius lived at
Stapleton, Staten Island, while Menus
lived at 1 Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn. Supt.
Kiviin said that BjorKluad was one of the
most experienced divers in the company's
employ and he couldn’t understand how
the man happened to venture ints the
gas ridden hold without testing it for the
poisonous vapors. “With such a mixed
cargo as the Whitney is carrying submerged
for thirty-one days it was certain to be
almoat fatal for any one to go into the hold
until it had been thoroughly ventilated,”
he said. “He should have taken the pre-
caution to drop down a lantern before
he went down himself.”

Capt. Hone of the Henry M. Whitney
said yesterday that the damage to the
steamer can be repaired very quickly when
she gets into dry dock. As a result of his
steamer's misfortune the Government has
decided to put a bell buoy on the reef

The pilots of the Sound’steamers breathed
easier yesterday afternoon when they ap-
proached Hell Gate and found the steamer
out of the channel. The larger vessels,
especially the Fall River Line steamers,
have had a tight squeeze sometimes, and
in foggy weather it was exceedingly dan-
gerous to attempt the passage.

PAUPER SWINDLER.

A. Regulus Shippy, With His Toes Out of
Hig Shoes, Convicted of Skin Finance,

A. Regulus Shippy, another of the note
swindlers who have been bothering the
District Attorney's office, was convicted
yesterday in General Sessions of grand lar-
ceny in the first degree. Shippy, who is 60
years old and was considered to be clever
at the note swindling game in his younger
days,is now all in, When he was on the
witness stand his toes stuok through his
shoes.

Shippy was convicted of getting three
$1,000 bonds of the Central , Lumber
and Construction Company from Bamuel
Bidderson of 116 Nassau street and putti:
them up as security for a $6,000 note wi

which he was ecing to buy a laundry from
i Meyer Sichel of Manhattan avenue,
Shippy’s explanation of how he intended
to return the bonds made the jury laugh,
He was remanded for sentence,
|“ Charles Bary will be called for trial before

 

 

ee
SSS SSDS

On reflection a-light came to Sefior Arango | Judge Foster of General Sessions to-day.

and he is pleased to announce that an abeurd
mistake been made. Minister Arango
figures it out this way,

Despatohes published to the effect that
I had been re and that Mr. Mejia
Salvatore would goon come to Washington
to take my place, as well as the comments
on the des: are erroneous. A press
des: m Panama has been received
which sald that Minister Mejia of Salvador

had through Panama on his wa

to Washington. Minister ‘Mois, the Sai:

vadorean at Wash , has

been home for some time on leave and is

returning to his post.”

Fe eee eer nee er areas

answer, vatore

Mois

eee ser te

   
 

a TAna hard:

  

He of getting $108,000 worth
of notes from Sherman & Co, of Keyport,
N. J. He is the third to be tried of the men
arrested as a result of the District Attorney's
investigation. Laat week Henry Hosier
was convicted. The proseoution is in charge
of tant District Atto Appleton.
James W. Osborne will defend 4

Balcony on Singer Tower Open to Pubiic,

The observation balcony of the new
Singer Building was opened to the publio
yesterday. The baloony is on the forty-
second floor, 848 feet above the curb. It
gives a sight seeing radius of thirty miles
in all directions. The tower has a platform
with a high railing which comfortably ao-

 

 

   

  
 

SOOUT SALEM BEATS RECORD.

New Cruiser Makes 26.685 Knote an Hour
‘ on Her Trial.

 

Rockanp, Me., June 28.—Equipped with-| DIPLOMATIO RELATIONS:

the Curtis type of turbines, the new scout

was at the rate of knote
and her average for the best
sprints was 25.1. The Salem
26.91 knots an hour for her five
to-day, and when she steamed to an anchor-
age here this afternoon a broom was lashed
to the masthead indicating that the new
ship had broken all previous records of
her atyle of vessel in the American Navy.

LAW AGAINST BARKING DOGS.

 

 

—Fines for the Owners. ~

Monrcxarr, N. J., June 23.—Montclair's
Town Council last night adopted the “our-
few law” for the dogs of the town which
was introduced at the last meeting by
Charles H. Hartshorne, a Jersey City law-
yer, who is a member of the council.

The ordinance is the most radical meas-
ure of its kind ever adopted by any town
in this State and provides for the punish-
ment of owners who allow their dogs to
bark after 9 o’olock at night and before 6
o’clook in the Morning. The penalty for
the first offence is $6 fine and for the second
$10 fine and the destruction of the offending
dog. The ordinance, which goes into ef-
fect immediately, also provides a fine of
$5 for the owner of a dog that bites a per-
son on the public streets. A fine of $10 is
the penalty for the second offence.

WIFE ACCUSES BRANDENBURG.

Magazine Writer Arrested on a Warrant
for Abandonment.

Broughton Brandenburg of 71 Irving
place, who described himself as a maga-
zine writer and student of sociological
topics, was arrested in the Nineteenth
street station of the Hudson tunnel yester-
day afternoon at the instance of his wife,
who had obtained from Magistrate Finn
a warrant for abandonment and non-
support. Brandenburg was taken to the
old West Twentieth street station and was
in a oell until after 8 o’clock, when Con-
gressman William Sulzer brought around
Franz Neumuller as bondsman. Neumuller
put up $6500 bail.

Mrs. Brandenburg alleged in her affidavit
before Magistrate Finn that she had been
living apart from her husband for a year
and had received nothing from him in that
time for her support. A few years ago
Mrs. Brandenburg accompanied her hus-
band from Naples to this city as an ini-
migrant in the steerage and helped him to
gather material for a book entitled “Im-
ported Americans.” Recently Branden-
burg was made codefendant with a New
York magazine in a libel suit brought by
the city of Paterson, which charges that he
had written a story about Anarchists that
contained disparaging statements about
the city.

ZEPPELIN FLIES TWO HOURS.

Had 16 People on Board His Big Airship
~4Improved Steering Gear.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

BERLIN, June 23.—Count Zeppelin's new
gigantic airship, with sixteen persons on
board, including Count Zeppelin, made a
very successful trip this afternoon, ma-
neuvring without a hitch for two hours
and thirtéen minutes.

The new side steering gear, which was
fitted provisionally, answered its purpose
admirably.

’ It has been decided to rig a similar but
larger gear for the next trial.

 

 

MONEY FOR BROOKLYN WATER.

Aldermen Grant It on Mayor’s Urgent Re-
quest —S82 a Day for District Court Jurors,

Mayor McClellan sent another special
message yesterday to the Aldermen urg-
ing the passage of appropriations, which
have been held up since the beginning of
the year, for various needed public im-
provements, The Mayor was particularly
urgent for the isaue of $2,580,000 of corporate
stock to increase Brooklyn's water supply.

! He explained that the additional! supply
was not only essential but would increase
the revenues of the city. Thé appropriation
was authorized.

On the motion: of Alderman Sullivan
an ordinance was passed providing for
paying jurors in the Municipal Courts §2
a day.

KING ALFONSO DELIGHTED.

Pardons Condemned Man in Thanksgiving
for Second Son.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.

LaGkanaa, Spain, June 23,~-The second
son of King Alfonso and Queen Victoria
was born at 1:10 o’olock this morning. Ale
though it was known that the event
was imminent the birth came somewhat
suddenly, and most of the membersof the
royal family and dignitaries who had been
summoned failed to reach the palace in
time.

King Alfonso is radiant over the birth of
this second child. At 2:15 the infant was
carried in a lace ornamented basket to
the throne room and there presented to
the royal princes and princesses and the
dignitaries who were present. All joined
in congratulations.

The Queen, according to reports to-day,
is resting quietly. The boy is said to be
a fine robust child.

After the event had occurred Alfonso
learned that a criminal was to be executed
at Cordova to-day, He immediately or-
dered that a pardon should be rushed to
the officers in charge of the execution. —

ORGANIZING THE TYPEWRITERS,

They Are Urged Again to Emulate the
Hodoarriers and Teamsters,

For the second time within three or four
years an attempt is being made to organize
‘the stenographers and typewriters. The
Bookkeepers, Stenographers and Account-
ants Union, which has been formed, igsued
a circular yesterday to all bookkeepers,
atenographers and typewriters in Greater
New York urging them to join the new

The circular says that the hodcarriers
and teamsters get $3 a day because they are
organized, while the office workers, who

 

 

 

 

 
 
    

PRICE TWO CENTS.
0.$.ENVOYS LEAVE VENEZUELA

eet rer neg ee

BROKEN OFF. a

 

Jacob W. Sleeper, Gecretary of Legation —
at Caracas, te Depart—Have Been on |
Gunboat—Affaira Put in the Hands of
the Brazilians—Castro Causes Fass,

Wasxincron, June 23.—Diplomatio re-
lations with Venezuela have been prac
tically broken off and the affairs of the United
States Legation at Caracas bave been placed
in the hands of Brazil. The State Depart-
ment was advised to-day that the gunboat
Marietta had sailed from Porto Cabelle
to-day for La Guayra. Jacob Sleeper,
Secretary of Legation and Chargé d’Affaires
and the attachés will be taken on board
there. They will be taken probably to Nor
folk and will report to Washington, acoord-,
ing to orders. W. W. Russell, American
Minister to Venezuéla, has been in the
United States for several months on leave
of absence.

Thomas P. Moffait, former American,
Consul at La Guayra, recently got leave
of absence from his post because of the
prevalence of bubonic plague there, and he
since ‘has been transferred to Bluefielde,
Nicaragua.

The action of the United States in with-
drawing its principal diplomatic and con-
sular officers in Venezuela is due to the fact
that there is no reason for maintaining
further diplomatic negotiations with Presi-
dent Castro. Last winter Secretary Root
used every possible diplomatic means to
force President Castro to submit the five
pending claims between Venezuela and
the United States to arbitration, but Castro
declined.

At the request of the Administration
Senator Lodge introduced a resolution
asking for all the information and corre-
spondence with Venezuela in regard to the
pending claims. This resolution was passed
and President Roosevelt sent to the Senate
a large mass of papers, documents and
letters in the controversy. After Mr, Root
had submitted a proposition to President
Castro for the arbitration of all claims and
failed to get action he submitted each daim
separately, This plan also met with re-
fusal, and since then there has been no
diplomatic correspondence between the two
nations.

It was said here that the action of the
United States in severing diplomatic rela-
tions with Venezuela is not intended as a
threat, but under the existing condition of
affairs the State Denartment does not care
to risk the iives of its diplomatic officers in
Venezuela, where plague is prevalent, and
while it is felt thoy can serve no useful
purpose.

The withdrawal of the last American
official is believed, however, to be a fore-
runner of an intention to induce Congress
at its next session to authorize coercive
tariff measures to force Castro into sub-
mission.

At the last session of Congress there was
some sentiment among members of the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations in
favor of forcing Castro to terms by placing
a prohibitive duty upon Venezuelan articles
imported into the United States. No action
was taken hecause the party leaders were
unwilling to force the Venezuelan question
on the eve of a Presidential campaign,
and also because there appeared to be no
public sentiment in this country to support
such a radical course.

The people exhibited little interest after
the publication of the question in dispute,
and unless there is a public movement
there is little likelihood of any drastic action,

$ FAST TIME IN DRY DOCK.

Remarkable Work on Battleship Kansas
—Fleet Assembling.
“WASHINGTON, dune 25.—The Atlantic
fleet is beginning to assemble at San Fran-
cisco preparatory to its long cruise-to the
Orient, which will begin on July 7. The
battleships Illinois and Wisconsin sailed
from the Puget Sound*navy yard yesterday
for San Francisco, Docking at Hunter's
Point bas been completed and all the ships
at Bremerton will be finished in-e few days,

The battleship Kansas, at Hunter’s Point,
was docked several days ago and had her
hull scraped and painted in about twenty-
four hours This is an unusual record.

 

{ The Kansas went into the dock at high tide

and the whole ship's company began work
on the hull. Stages were placed around
the vessel and as the water in the dook was
drawn off her hull was thoroughly seraped,
By the time all the water was out of the dry
dock her hull had been finished and the work
of painting was begun immediately By
high tide the next day the coat of paint was
dry enough for the Kansas to leave the
dock.

The battleships Maine and Alabama; the
advance guard of the battleship fleet, sailed
from Honolulu yesterday for Guam.

INSULTED CANADIAN VISITORS.

Protests in Dominion Parliament Against
U. 8..Immigration Officials,

Orrawa, June 25.—In the House of Com
mons to-day Edmund Bristol, M. P., drew
the Government's attention to the indig-
nities several Toronto Hebrew excursion-
iste suffered at the hands of American
officers at Niagara Falls, N. Y., on Sat-
urday. They bad crogsed the‘ border for
an hour or two and upon attempting to
return were stopped by United States im-
migration officials.

They showed their return tickets, but
this was not enough and they were herded
together and driven amid jeers through the
Niagara streets to the inspector, who finally
allowed them to proceed: They had al-
ready explained to the immigration offi.
clals that they had Canadian naturalization

papers.

Sir Wilfrid Laurier, replying to Mr.
Bristol, said he could not see what the
motive of the out: could be
relations with the United States
dial and friendly. It was possible that
some parties had been overzealous. Hs
would ask the British Ambassador at Wash-
ington to draw the attention of the authori-
ties to the incident.

Woodrow Wilson Suggested for Vice-Freat+
dent.

Dauuas, Tex., June 23.~-George A. Car-