VOL. LXXVIII.—NO. 187.

DR. AKED READY 10 GO WEST

(\LESS 4 BIGGER CHURCH 18!
BUILT FOR HIM HERE.

|
He Doesn't Think That the Trustees of the |
Rockefeller Charch Have Lived Up to
His Expectations--Can't Walt More
Than Two Weeks for an Answer. |

   

 

 

Dr. Charles F. Aked told his parish. |
ioners of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church |
yesterday morning that his high hopes!
when he left Pembroke Chapel in Liver- |
pool four years ago to come to this city
had turned to ashes and that unless some
member of his congregation can give him
a reason why he should remain pastor |
of the church here he will accept a call |
from the First Congregational Church
of San Francisco. The final decision,
he eaid, must be made within two weeks.
The failure of hie plans for a big institu-
tional church and his present “meagre
ministry” were set out in Ris statement.
He can discover only reasons why he
should go. “So far as we can see to-day
there is no future for this church and
jor my ministry,” he said. ;

A special meeting of the truatees witt |
te held within a day or two and the men |

responsible-for the financial management

of the church will look for a “reason” | such a spirit exist in our church?

cogent enough to retain their pastor.
“We all agree that Dr. Aked is the finest |

Che

bassion, but such « work does not seem |
Possible in this church

An objection to this view has been ured |
by some among vou to whom I have re-!
vealed the workings of my mind. You!
have said: “All this may be true, but time
ia needed for the solution of our problems
and time will solve them. This isa position
that calls for patience, courage and faith
Do not wreck everything by impatience
Wait, work and believe, and the end ia sure.”
To such admonitions | have paid and am
Paving the most earnest heed. There is,
we all know, a base and servile expediency’, |
but every one who has accomplished anys;
thing in the world knows that there is also |
a noble expediency, a kind of divine oppor-,
tunism which bide us do the best we can |
and leave the reat with God

There are many situations in which this
is not merely the best way but the only |
way, God's own way, of reaching the de- |
Siredend. Itis perfectly true that we might
lay aside definitely as impracticable and
even wndesirable the various projects of
building that we have discussed We
might address ourselves to the work of
preaching and teaching and of organiza-
tion. We might do with glad hearts the
work our hands find to do, living from day |
to day, content if only we do well that
which is possible to us, and very sure that
in His own good time God himself will
open to us a door of larger usefulness and
show us the path of great achievement

Such an attitude of consecration to the
immediate present and of patient waiting for
the future calls for great forbearance each
with each, hearty cooperation, unshakable
loyalty to one another, the perfection of
goo1 comradeship and good fellowship. It
calls for the highest type of enthusiasm, the
enthus'asm which illuminates detail and
routine and makes drudgery divine. Does
I do not
ask whether the two pastors, Dr. Moore and
myself, could attain to it: but I ask whether
it is operative among trustees, deacons,

 

*NEW YORK,

 

SWORD AND GUN FIREMEN

DUTCH CREW DID ALL THE FIRE
FIGHTING AT AUN CAVES.

 

it Was a Day of Glory for the Black Army
and the Generals on Horseback--No
Pumps: or Buckets, So Satiors Pulled
Down Houses With Blork and Tackle.

Capt. AR. Nyboer, skipper of the
Royal Dutch West India liner Prins
Willem |, yesterday from Havti,
fingered a fine gold chain and miniature
compass charm attached to a watch
that he received at Port au Prince from
President Simon of the Black Republic.
His officers and members of his crew
sav he deserved the testimonial, which
was presented to him for saving from
destruction by fire some of the best busi-
ness places and residences inthe city of

MONDAY, MA

'

 

CH 6, 1911.—copvrion,

CH 6,

 

1911, by the

 

    

bh]

SEND BACK A “NO” TO DIX
HUPPUCH TAK MESSENGER
FROM LEADERS HERE.

ooo
Sheehan Regrets That the Governor

Should Have Vielded to the Minority

and Repeats That Only the Caucus
Could Take Him Q@ut of the Race.

| TYOMAN TEACHER MISSING.

'

Mies Mariana Sutterly of St. Mary's, Bur-
| lington, N. J., Disappears Mysteriousty.
Bur.Linaton, N. J... March 5.--The
| police of this city have been asked by
| relatives of Miss Mariana Sutterly, mem-
ber of a well known Trenton family
and for the last ten years an instructor
at St. Mary's Hall, the fashionable school
| for girls on the river bank here, to help
solve her disappearance from the insti-
tution on last Thursday evening. Dili-
gent search for three days has failed to
i reveal any trace of Miss Sutterly and an
appeal has been made for public help.
Mias Sutterly left the school at 9 o'clock
jon Thuraday evening. Her absence was
'not discovered until Friday morning,
| when a fellow teacher learned that her
}room had not been occupied during the
}night. It was at firet thought that she
had suddenly decided to join relatives
in Trenton, but messages brought the
report that they had seen nothing of
her. Later her pocketbook and other
funds were found in her room and it was

 

 

 

The Democratic leaders of the State
organization, including Norman E. Mack,
chairman of the Democratic national
committee, conferred yesterday with Will-
iam F. Sheehan, the candidate for United
States Senator of the Democratic party
of the State, and later Mr. Sheehan issued
the following statement in reply to Gov.
Dix's address to the Legislature:

“I regret to see that the Democratic
Governor of the State has yielded to the
solicitations of the amall minority of the

 

 

| Aux Cayes, which on February ?3 and apparent that she had carried no extra

party who for weeks have been obstruct-

Monpar

, MARCH 6, 1911.

Cloudy to-day, with snow, and warmer; rain

Of snow to-morrow; easterly winds.

Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

  

SEA FLIGHT OF 140 MILES.

 

Baque Goes in Aeroplane From Antibes
to Gorgona Without Convoy. |
Spectai Cable Despatch to THF SuN.
Nick, March 5. Fx-Lieut. Baque, for-
merly of the Algerian sharpshooters, left
Antibes at & o'clock this morning in a
Blériot machine intending to fly to Cor-
sica, Sardinia, Sicily and Tunis. |
The wind, however, baffled him and he |
was forced to follow the Italian coast ;
until he landed on Gorgona, a rocky,

desolate island facing Leghorn. In land-
ing his aeroplane was smashed.

|

'

'1§ BAILEY STILL A SENATOR?

PRICE

s-

———— =
TWO CENTS.

 

THEORY IN CONGRESS THAT A
RESIGNATION IS FINAL.
There is a Precedent for That View in
the Hourse— Senator Stone Leader of
an Anti-Balicy Faction Among tho
Senate Demeocrata—The Split Widens.

 

Wasuinatox, March 5.—The point is
being raised by lawyers in Congress a3
to whether Joseph Weldon Bailey is any
longer a member of the Senate, notwith-

He covered a distance of 140 miles |atanding the fact that he withdrew his

without being convoyed by any vessel.

SAILS IN HIS HOUSE.

Canadian Carries it ina Trunk and Takes
it Out en Shipboard.

James Montgomery Nelson of Canada

found that he could not get the breezy

stateroom he liked aboard the Savannah

the day after was practically wiped out.
The skipper and his men have not a high
opinion of the fire department of Aux
Cayes. In fact there are no boys that
run wid de machine in Aux Cayes, not

| Clothing with her.

The police think that Miss Sutterly
has comnaitted suicide or in an irrational
mood has wandered away, forgetting
her identity. She had been very nervous

liner City of St. Louis, which sailed on
Saturday for Savannah, and as he ie a
believer in the open air and oceans of it
he asked permission to rig his portable
tropical house on the promenade deck,

ing the election of the regularly chosen
candidate of the party for United States
Senator.

“That my position may not be misunder-

preacher in New York,” said Trustee | officials of every name and among the
Frank L. Froment, “and we will make |°®'!re membership of the church. 1 ask—

since undergoing an operation last sum-
mer and recently she is said to have been
despondent.

At St. Mary's Hall, where she had been
a member of the teaching staff for a
decade, Misa Sutterly is said to have been

even a fire extinguishing brigade. But
there was a multitude of Generals on
horseback and afoot who made a fine
effort to put out the blaze by waving their

swords and shooting off revolvers. one of the most popular instructors. The

The Prins Willem was the only ship! Rey. John Fearnley, rector and principal
in port when the fire showed itself at!of the school, said to-day that nothing
10:40 o'clock in the morning. Most of|had happened to throw light upon the
the 40.000 residents of Aux Cayes are | mystery of Mise Sutterly's disappearance.

 

stood, I now repeat what I said in my let-
ter of February 28 adévessed to the Demo-
cratic members of the Legislature:

“ ‘T shall remain as my party's candidate
for United States Senator so long as the
party desires me to do #o, no matter what
the persona! consequences to me may be.
Nor will I, by word or deed, do anything
that will justify the minority in their
efforts to frustrate the declared will of the

the highest on the St. Louis. After a
consultation the officials of the line gave
him permission, and he sailed, guaran-
teeing that he would not sue the line if hia
house should be carried away. A wire-
less yesterday to James (. Horton, pas-
senger traffic manager of the line, said
that Mr. Nelson and his house were ship-
shape. He will pack the house in its
trunk on arriving at Savannah and take
it on to Florida.

 

 

another effort to satisfy his ambitions. |
Whether or not we can build the grand !
church he desires must depend on the |
support of the congregation.”

News that Dr. Aked would make a state- |
ment yesterday had been spread broad-
cast and brought almost every member
of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church to the
morning service. The ushers admitted
only members of the congregation to the
body of the church, and at that men and
women stood in the rear and along the |
sides of the church. Others were seated |
on the eteps of the pulpit platform. The |
Sunday school rooms were opened, but |
many were not able to gain admission |
to the church at all.

No mention was made of the call:
in the morning diecourse, which Dr. Aked |
adapted from a sermon previously deliv-
ered in Pembroke Chapel on “The Gospel
of Sorrow and aGospelof Hope.” At the
conclusion of the sermon he read this
statement:

It is my duty to announce to you that 1!
have received the unasimous ahd enthusi- |
aatic invitation to the pastorate of the First
Congregational Church of San Francisco,
An intimation that the call would be given
| telegraphed to the trustees of this church
nearly a fortnight ago, as soon as I had been
approached by the trustees and deacons
of the San Francisco church. Our trustees
therefore have had some ten days or there-
abouts in which to consult you and learn
vrour views, I assume that they have done
eo and that I shall be made acquainted
with your wishes in due course. I only
reached home yesterday, so that it has not
been possible for me to confer with the
official leaders of the church before making
a statement to you.

It is with a heavy heart that I go on to
say that thus far | have not been able to
fod any sufficient reason why I should
not accept the San Francisco invitation. ;
| have been with you barely four years,
yet into this period I seem to have crowded
a lifetime of friendship and affection. The

thought of severing the ties that bind me
to you bringe me unspeakable pain. There
are friendships that have become a part
of my life, and the contemplation of a
parting from such friends is like a dagger
thrust. In the affection of some of the
men agd women of this church I have known
‘oy as deep ae ever falls to the lot of mortal
man. And you will readily believe that
nothing im the world but an imperious |
sense of duty could take me away from you

We are not compelled to act hastily. We!
van wait @ week or even two weeks, pon- |

1

 

 

| Christ our Lord.

and you observe that I make no attempt to
answer the question. It is for you to say,
not me

Yet upon the anawer that the facta seem
to supply 1 must form my judgments as to
my duty to the living Christ, whose I am
and whom I serve. So far as we can see
to-day there is no future for this church
and for my ministry. But ought | to work
on and wait, hope and pray in a cheerful
faith that this is God's will for us and that
when He needs us to attempt greater
things for Him He will show us the way?

OF must I hear the “call” on the Pacific
coast, His voice bidding me cease from

| unavailing regrets and’ begin life again

with undimmed hopes of doing the work

1 came to America to do? Upon the answer
to that question, which in honor and con-
science I can give, will depend the reply
which within the next week or two I must
make to the San Francisco church. Let
those who love me pray for me that I may
make no mistake through erring judgment
and for this church that it may both inter-
pret and accomplish the purposes of Jesus
|

 

DR. JOWETT FAREWELL.

Coming to New York Trembling, but Ine
spired by Love ef God—Vast Congregation
Special Cabie Despatch to Tug Sun.

Lonpox, March 5.—When Dr. Jowett
arrived at the Carr's Lane Congregational
Church this morning to preach his farewell
sermon preparatory to leaving to fill the
pulpit of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
Church in New York he found the ap-
proaches blocked. Hundreds of persons
were unable to enter the edifice. The offi-
cers of the church had been compelled
to ask the police to regulate the admis-
sions. In order to prevent crushing
only the regular seat holders were ad-
mitted.

Dr. Jowett looked tired and sickly
and there was a subdued tone in his ser-
mon. He said among other things that
he had been moving during the last few
days through many regreta and many
fears, but he had been trying to wear the
Garment of Praise.

Memory laid very troublesome loads
on his mind, but also endowed him with
tredsures more precious than rubies,
He looked back on purposes only partly
accomplished and on endeavors which
had early lost their wing power. His
way was littered by failures, but there |
were cheering achievements here and
there, bright with the grace of God.

He came to Carr's Lane, sixteen years
ago. he said, in fear and trembling, and
he was now face to face with another |

SAYS

blacks and a large number are Generals.
President Simon owned thirty-five houses
in the city, where he was born, and the
rumor that reached the Dutch liner was
that some of the political enemies of the

President had decided to burn him out
in a general conflagration.

Capt. Nyboer noted that the fire was
doing pretty much as it pleased with
the city and offered the services of him-
self and his crew in checking the flames.
The authorities, mostly on horseback,
decided that it would be a reflection
on the ability of the fire department
to let white people come in and do any-
thing for black people.

Finally, when it looked as if the whole
city would go up in emoke and after the
white merchants had become aroused
to the danger, the authorities got down
off their horses, figuratively, and per-
mitted the skipper and his men to do
something. By this time {most of the
wooden one storied buildings had been
licked up. The better structures, made
up in part of two and three storied places
with brick and stone bases running up
six feet or more from the sidewalks,
were slowly vanishing. The population
seemed to be chiefly connected with the
army, one of the semi-monthly revolu-
tions being under way, and the duty of
the army apparently was not putting out
fires, but filling ite interior with fire
water. Everybody with a uniform, not
necessarily like anybody else's uniform,
was outdoors shrieking or drinking or
flourishing machete or sabre or shooting
revolver or gun. All the Generals on
horseback rode down all the Colonels,
Captains and Lieutenants who could not
afford the luxury of a mount. Mean-
while the fire was getting in its work

Capt. Nyboer brought ashore forty
men and a lot of tackle and axes Al-
though the city is almost surrounded by
water, there were no beckets and no
means of pumping water from anywhere.
There were some buckets in some of the

stores, but all the atores had been closed |

by their owners for fear that the mob
would loot them. It really did not matter
in the end as most of the stores were
destroyed later by fire

Capt. Nyboer and his men rigged tackle
to the pillars and other supports of a
house across the way from a row in line
of the fire and looping a heavy hawser
around window frames,
frame and out of the other hia men,

dering the situation, taking heed to our-| great change. He felt old and trembling. | hauled away on the hawser. The front

selves, praying the great Head of the
Church to make plain our path before us.
If any man or woman among you knows
any reason why I shonld remain thé pastor
of thie church and can say anything to
eniighten and encourage me, you are the
one who has come to the Kingdom for such
4 time as this and the one for whom this
church is waiting.

I can discover--it almost breaks my
heart to say it—only one reason why I
should go. And it is due to vou and to nty
esteem for you that you should be told;
4! once how the matter takes shape in my

sind Vox dkave "Radice uae tn tall Capt. Johannes Jacobsen, the Roy al!
vou. From the very firat you have known | {Fish School Trustees Say No and Want! Dutch agent at Aux Cayes, tried to per-
that | could not contemplate a permanent Beok That Says He Was Barred. suade the authorities to bring out thei: }

ministry under preecut conditions. That
was made perfectly clear by me before |
accepted the invitation to become your
minister. It has been affirmed and reaffirmed
‘y me with an emphasis which at times |
‘eared might become offensive.

At the corporate meeting of thachurch
on November 18, 1910, I said in plain words
‘hat Il did not come from England to be the

He was timid about himself, but was not
timid about his gospel. The love of God, |
which passeth all understanding, had |

laid hold of him with a stronger grip than | jiffy there was a gap in the course of the | ##0.000
Occasionally the pillar across the |

ever the day he began at Carr's Lane. It
held still, and in it he would begin his
work in New York.

He trusted so to perform his service
that the closing of his ministry might be
the opening toa larger life.

ST. PATRICK AN ENGLISHMAN?

WoRCESTER, Mass, March 5. “A few
years before Alaric invaded Italy a boy
was born in England, probably on the
western coast, who was to become the
famous Si. Patrick.”

That sentence in a book entitled
“Européan Hero Stories,” written by Dr
Eva March Tappan, a former teacher

 

of the lower part of the house’ generally
came out. Axes were plied at the same
time on the wooden foundations and in a

fire
street gave way under the strain exerted
on the stronger window frames. In
these instances the block and = tackie

brigade got a new anchorage to work |

from, They arrested the blaze, the
wind being light, and saved some of the
best buildings of the city

artillery and shoot chasms through the
lines of buildings, but the Generals had’

|more immediate use for the horses that

would be needed to dray the cannon
No fire can be put out properly by au
army unless there ary Generals to wave
swords and gallop) You might just as
well expect the Salamanders of Phenix-

‘inister of a small community of Baptists, |in the Worcester Classical High School, | ville, vamps to the last man, to do stunts
"eeting in such @ building as this, and 1 | hag caused an upheaval in the Worcester | without speaking trumpets, erying as

sided-theae are my exact words—that I
should not expect you to be satisfied with |

eit | eould be satisfied by any such meagre j
‘inistry. I came with great hopes, hopes
vhich at that time I thought vou shared
' believed that you were ready for vast

 

‘iterprises. | fear now that these enter-
Wives Are such stuff as dreams are made of.
* titst step is to erect a great chureh |

| ‘ding worthy the name and of our min- |

‘trv in this city. Other things will follow
ny ‘heir proper order. The first step we |
‘‘e not taken, cannot take, it would |

*eerm and | eee no prospect that we should |

eer be able to take it. Up to the present; Francis A. Underwood, a leader among |it was said contained explosives

Moment

“we have found the difficulties |
sperable
ol bate found the problem insoluble,
he span of one human life is short. My
‘*ais sre passing. I cannot afford to wait
have work to do in the world: if not bere, |

*e\ here |

"** something to my own past

 

liere look pitifully amall. I owe |
‘¢ 10 the men and women in Eng- |
ho loved me and believed in me, |

no he leved in me when to tens of thau- ;
Nos of the free churchmen of England
ed 4s (hough | were deserting them
roftheir need. Perhaps it was a
perhaps the failure of the proj-
‘iich our minds have been set
‘pression @f Qed’s disapproval of
‘1 But He to whom all hearts |
‘nd trom whom no secret ia hidden |
Ness that T believed that the best |
fe would be done heneath the

1“) fav and in association with the!
‘hurches, We cannot go on for-
‘* Are going on now. I could give |

 

“oMner
and

he
|

Bree

we
A

Mrne

school board. |
At the meeting of the board on Tuesday
next an attempt will be made to have the
text book containing that sentence re- 1
moved from the list of books used in |
the high achool. The committee on books
and supplies recently voted to have Miss
Tappan's book added to the list and copies
were sent to members to read. }
The members of the board of Irish!
descent object to the statement that St.
Patrick was a native of England, and Dr

 

 

the Hibernians and the Knights of Robert

Up to the present moment | Emmet, made known to-day that he is /sivea and the populace broke in
| to]make a fight against the adoption of |barrel heads and added to its internal

the book.
He has taken the matter up with Miss
Tappan by correspondence, and she has

It ie! replied that although St. Patrick might | work. The skipper shooed them away,
 \unodest to say that | did a work jn | have been born in Scotland, as some his- | saying he would take their sabres away
thon! and tor England that makes my/torians say, Scotland was then known |from them if they did not behave

as England.

Confess in Chicago te Robbery Here.
Two young men have been caught in
Chicago, according to a deapatch received
yesterday at Police Headquarters, who
confess that they tied up Cesario Rigial's
maideervant, Kathleen Sanchez, at
217 West 158th street on February 27
and then helped themselves to jewelry
old pieces worth $754, which com-

ri most of the valuables in Rigial's
ouse. The young men said they were
Walter and Clarence Lewis. They had
some of the Rigial jewelry in their pos-
session. A New York detective has

’ A great work with deathless | been sent to bring them hack.

they run, “Rush her down, boys!”

The skipper and some of his men who
were in a house close to the rim of the
fire circle were surprised by a sudden
burat of flame that almost lapped the
house up before they could get out
Aes it was some of the sailormen were
acorched running out of a door that was
ablaze. The Generals who were looking
on rather enjoyed this incident. The
demolishars were warned to he careful
about teariig down a storehouse which

ELLIOTT TO HEAD MO. PAC.

Chicago Wears That Northern Pacific
President Is to Secceed George Gould.

Caicaa@o, March 5.--Howard Elliott,
president of the Northern Pacific Railway,
has decided definitely to accept the presi-
dency of the Missouri Pacific, succeeding
George J. Gould, according to reports in
Chicago railroad circles. Mr. Elliott is
known to have had an offer from the new
interests in control of the road under
consideration for some time, and it is
understood that he will be elected at the
annual meeting in St. Louis on March 14.

It has been reported that Mr. Elliott
will, receive a salary of $100,000 a year in
recognition of the task of rehabilitating
the road, and that he will have at his
disposal millions of new capital with
which to put the property on the footing
for which ita territory is adapted in com-
petition with other lines.

Mr. Ellfott has been connected through-
out the greater part of his railroad career
with the roads now composing the James
J. Hill system, and from 1901 to 1903 was
in Chicago as second vice-president of the

majority. If, however, the majority of A TITIAN.

all the elected Democratic Senatora and
Assemblymen shall sign a call requesting
that the Democratic caucus be reassem-
bled, I shall loyally abide by the decision
of that caucus, and if such caucus shall
decide that another than myself shall be
chosen to carry the party standard which
I have been carrying since January 16,
1911, I will give tg such candidate my
unqualified and wholehearted support,
but short of such action I shall not be a
party to the destruction of the principle
of majority rule.’ ”

The Democratic leaders then had a talk
with Public Service Commissioner Win-
field A. Huppuch, who is still chairman of
the State committee and who came to
town quickly from Albany yesterday
after it had become known that the Demo-
cratic majority in the joint session of the
Legislature would not recede from the
position that Mr. Sheehan is the candidate
of the party for United States Senator.

The history of how Gov. Dix came
to issue his statement throught Com-
mander De Kay in New York city late

$130,000 FOR

 

Portralt of Lerenzo di Medicl Sold by
irish Expert at Enormous Preft.
Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
Lonpon, March 6&.--Sir Hugh Lane,
honorary director of the Municipal Art
Gallery in Dublin and governor of the
National Gallery of Ireland, has sold
Titian’s “Portrait of a Man ina Red Cap”

to an English collector for $150,000.

The portrait, which is supposed to be
that of Lorenzo di Medici, became famous
after Sir Hugh bought it at auction at
Christie's in 1906. It was then eo dirty
that numerous experts, although recog-
nizing that it was a good painting,
doubted that it was by Titian, to whom
the catalogue ascribed it, and Sir Hugh
was practically the only firm believer
in it.

The Colnaghis and Dowdeswells, how-
ever, ran up the bidding until £2,205, or
$11,025, was reached, at which price Sir
Hugh secured it. A cleaning revealed
ifs genuineness, and its beauty made
many collectors sore.

‘The present buyer is unknown. He

i a |

that is in one |
to;
the inspiring lilt of a lusty Dutch chanty, |

Burlington, although he continued to live | Friday night was gone over, although
in St. Louis, where he wi'l be stationed as | Mr. Huppuch remarked that he was called
head of the Missouri Pacific. into the conference of Gov. Dix's office-
His first railway service was as rodman | holders only “at the last moment.” Tifbre
for the Burlington in 1890. After holding | were present, it was stated, at this con-
various positjons in the traffic and oper- |ference William Church Osborn, Gov.
ating department he became genera! | Dix's legal adviser; Thomas Mott Osborne,
manager of the Bur ington lines in Mis- | Gov. Dix’s Forest, Fish and Game Com-
souri. In 1903 he left the Burlington to | missioner; Charles E. Treman, Gov. Dix's
become president of the Northern Pacific, |Superintendent of Public Works, and
with headquarters in St. Paul Montgomery Hare, who says he has been
haa Edward M. Shepard's sole representative

BIG FIRE IN MINNEAPOLIS, | 4 Albany for the last seven weeks.
The result of the conference here yester-
Loss Estimated at a Million and a Half | day between the Democratic leaders and
Fourteen Persons in Danger. |\Mr. Huppuch was that he is to return
MINNEAPOLIS, March 5.--Fire early ,to Albany carrying with him the message
to-day swept through the Syndicate | that Gov. Dix's request that the majority
Block on Nicollet avenue between Fifth) abandon its candidate, Mr. Sheehan,

 

 

a A SSS SSS Sn sss sss sls ss Sls SS SSS SSS

is believed to Le a prominent London
financier.

AVIATOR BADLY HURT.

 

W. G. Purvie’s Machine Falls and Splinter
Picroes His Grein.

Baton Rovar, La., March 5.--Unable to
control his biplane in a heavy wind, W.
G. Purvis was injured, probably fatally,
thie afternoon when the machine was
smashed by a fall and a splinter of the
wreckage pierced the aviator’s groin.

About five thousand persons had gath-
ered to witness the flight and saw the
accident

Purvis got off the ground in good shape
and sped along for some distance at a
height of about fifty feet. He was seen

!and Sixth streets and destroyed property the candidate of the Democratic party, lta be trying to make the machine climb,

‘cannot be acceded to and that the ma-
steadfastly adhere

valued at $1,500,000
For several hourse the fire was confined | jority will
by the Model Clothing House, J. B. Hud-|thermore that there cannot be any!
son & Son, jewellers, and the I’. W. Wool- ‘change in the situation, and that Mr
|worth five and ten cent store. This ' Sheehan's statement that he will loyally
‘part of the block, comprising about a abide by the decision of another caucus
third of the whole, is separated from the!should a majority of the Democratic
rest of the block by a heavy fire wall.|Senators and Assemblymen issue such!
| By flooding this wall the firemen were a call is the orderly and upright pro-
able to hold the fire in check for several cedure
Most politicians, Democrate and Re- |
The fire then spread to the part of the: publicans, had it last night that a great
‘building oceupied by the Minneapolis! conference of Democrats was in session
, Dry Goods Company and Young, Quinlan at Delmonico’s over the United States
& Co, The loss to the Minneapolis Dry | Senatorship. These reports had to do
|Goods Company alone is estimated at) with the conference which was to have
' ‘taken place on Saturday, the conference
A southwest wind was blowing when! mentioned in THE SUN yesterday which
the fire started and for a time it looked | didn't occur between Frederick H. Allen,
jas though it would sweep the entire} William Church Oaborn and Charles E.
| Syndicate Block /Treman, representing Gov. Dix, and
Fourteen persons were in the building Charles F. Murphy, William F. Sheehan,
at the time and all were rescued ; Daniel F. Cohalan, Norman E. Mack, |
ie ise | Democratic national chairman, and |
'4 GOAT IN A SUBWAY TRAIN. County Chairman William H. Fitzpatrick
| : node of Erie, because Mr. Allen had no author-
)Chews Mis Way @ut a Burlap Bag and) ity to arrange for such a conterence. Last
Gives Giuseppe a Scare. jnight Mr. Murphy, Mr. Mack and Mr.
Women have been known to smuggle | Fitzpatrick had a little dinner at Del-
Pomeranian poodles by the subway | monico's to talk over Erie county mat-
(ticket. choppers, but to get a full sized | ters. Mr. Cohalan remained in the bosom
Harlem billy goat by the gate and into a;of his family, the Sheehans dined with
\train requires ingenuity and nerve too. |the William D. Guthries and Mayor Gay-
| But Giuseppe having spent Sunday after- | nor came to New York to dine with per-
}noon along the banks of the Harlem in | sonal friends not interested in the United
jsearch of a fine specimen of the almost | States Senatorship. The only conference
jextinot animal had found one to his taste | was that between the Democratic leaders
;somewhere near the Speedway and then | and Mr. Huppuch.
|had to get the beast over to Brooklyn,; John T. Maher of Albany, secretary to
| where he lives. So he took the subway. lex-State Chairman William J. Conners,
This was an exemplary goat in every | was at the Waldorf-Astoria and said that
way except that he chewed. Giuseppe | Mr. ‘Conners would arrive from Florida
had him in a burlap bag on the floor be-|this afternoon. Mr. Conners has cut
tween his legs and while he was engaged | short his usual winter vacation in Florida |
in a conversation with Giovanni Billy ;to return and discuss the proposition in |
wanted some air and chewed his head | Mr. Sheehan's statement of February 28,
through the bag. Hie sudden appearance | and reiterated yesterday, that he would
caused a tremendous stir. It was a | abide by the result of a new joint caucus
pretty well crowded car and no one in it | should one be called by the Democratio
had ever seen such an animal in such a | legislative majority at Albany. It was!

place. The grownups thought that his | stated for Mr. Conners that he is inclined

' hours

 

 

which it refused to do. A heavy south

to Mr./ wind was blowing and the biplane sud-
to the upper part of the block occupied | Sheehan as the party's candidate; fur- jdenly fell as if all support had been with-

drawn

Purvis was picked up badly wounded
about the scalp and with a ragged hole
in the left groin. He had a bad fall some
weeks ago when his engine balked
FIREMAN THROWN OFF TENDER

 

Badly Hurt--His Brother, a Policeman,
Gets Ofictal Word of it.

Fireman Stephen Ray was thrown off

hey tender of Engine 59 last night while

his company was responding to an alarm
from the apartment house at 2160 Madi-
son avenue, The tender stopped at a
hydrant in front of 20 East 136th street
and in turning the driver drew upon the
curb, Ray was taken to Harlem Hospital
with a broken collarbone, several broken
ribs and internal injuries. His condition
is serious. He is 20 years old and lives
at 232 Kast 180th street.

The police of the East 126th atreet sta-
tion called up the Tremont station in The
Bronx and asked the lieutenant on the
desk to notify Ray's family. It chanced
that the man receiving the message at
the Tremont station was acting Lieu-
tenant Malcolm Ray, a brother of the in-
jured fireman

The fire was in the rooma occupied by
Conrad Haas on the fourth floor of the
Madison avenue building.

GOV. DIX RETURNS TO ALBANY.

He Sald He Would Have No Statement to
Give Out Until Toeday.

ALBANY, March 5.--Gov, Dix returned
from Thomson to-night in time to have
dinner at the Exetutive Mansion. The
Governor let it be known that he would
have no statement of any kind to give
out until to-morrow morning.

After Senator Franklin D. Roosevelt,
the insurgent leader, read, William F.
Sheehan's statement to-night Senator
Roosevelt said:

“The position of the minority remains

 

Forty
barrels of Jamaica rum were the explo-
the

horns looked dangerous, but the young-
asters liked the fun. The beast and its
owner were the most unconcerned of all.
| combustion. | Things were all right until the train

Sometimes the populace came so close | left Fourteenth street. By this time
to the sailormen as to interfere with their | Giuseppe had almost forgotten his charge
and the goat was lying there with no one
| holding the head of the bag. Some one
across the way was rattling a newspaper.
x At\The comic section was highly colored.
}other times some of the Colonels and | Billy broke loose and started the length
; Captains, who had revolvers, fired shots! of the car, his two friends after him
| near the sailormen. They were not firing | Be an herons the Suara 8 legs, but was
jat the sailormen, and that is why the “te didn't see light for the rest of the
skipper made them stop, feeling that they | voyage

might hit. |
| ‘The skipper and his forty men worked |
j all night and were fagged out when they |
returned to their ship |

!
! NEW HOTEL FOR NEW HAVEN
' ‘The New Haven Hotel Company, Frank

terworth, President, announces that > "
Hotel Tatt, ‘now under construction, will * de hie arrival here to-day frem Waahin, a,

in January next. | Headed by a brass band, a par o
The irate was designed by Frank a yindrews several hundred automobiles was formed
and w te Mnest hovel structure in New Rng iby the reception committees and the
penis esis and Hotel Wossss. pO Senator was escorted to his home amid
\ great cheering and waving of flage.

 

Lorimer's Friends Greet Him With Kn.
thusiasm.

Cuicaco, March 5.—Senator William

E. Lorimer was greeted by an enthusiastic

crowd of several thousand admirers on

have been appointed managere.—-Ade

to believe that such a joint caucus would! unchanged and it is now inore than ever
eventually and effectually clear the situ-/ evident that if there is any change to
ation. Mr. Conners in his Buffalo news- | come in the situation it must come from
papers has been opposing Mr. Sheehan's | the other side,” meaning the majority.
election. To-morrow's joint ballot will be merely
Gov. Dix's secretary, John A. Mason, perfunctory, as all pairs arranged by
arrived in town unexpectedly at 11:30 last ; Senators and Assemblymen hold good
night. It was stated that Mr. Mason isto! until the joint ballot on Tuesday noon.
| disouss to-day the United States Sena-| Not a dozen members of the Legislature
torship situation with the Democratic | were in town to-night.
| leaders. j

| Pen eens Women May Escape Jury Duty.
| TO FEAST 100,000 CHILDREN, | usu Wash. March fi. Women are
; '

| : ;
King George Announces Novel Featur | oxempted from jury duty in the State of
ue Poteesenl © of | Washington by a bill which has been

passed in both houses of the Legisla-

\ Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THR SUN t p ne

| Lonpon, March 5.-King George has, ‘re and which went to the overnor

‘announced his intention to entertain a| pesersey fore eleainre. S) gs
i is in the nature of a j

ie aren ih gusans angen quildren aia woman the right to plead to be exc

7 lace on June 80 in celebra- | trom jury duty on account of her sex,

| tion of his coronation ' but permitting her to serve if she desires,

' ees rota exempslon was opposed by the

| Try bigh ball wi Ww suffragist leaders

| as tts Helfand you Wi hated has} t ounisi oo . _

meny thousands of
Luyties Brothers, x 00d Judees of whiskey

 

 

860 NEW YORK TO PACIFIC COAST
March 10 to April 10. Lehigh Valley R. R.—Ade,

resignation about six hours after it has
been sent to Gov, Colquitt of Texas

Some lawyers argued to-day that the
resignation acted automatically the min-
ute Gov. Colquitt acknowledged receipt
of it and that retirement from the Senate
in this manner is not affected by a Gov-
ernor’s refusal to accept the resignation

Other lawyers are inclined to the opinion
that the Legislature being in session the
resignation became automatically of-
fective the minute it came before the
Legislature and that the action of the
Texas Senate in voting on the motiog
to request Senator Bailey to withdraw hit
resignation constituted a formal recog-
nition of it by that body. The lawyers
who take this view contend that there is
a very fine question whether Senator
Bailey is not now out of the Senate.

Another point raised is whether the
Vice-President had the right to withhold
the notice of resignation after its presenta-
tion to him for submission to the Senate.
This, however, is regarded as a minor
point, the main question, the lawyers con-
tend, being whether the resignation
automatically followed its presentation
to the Governor.

What is regarded as a precedent for
this situation is a case which occurred in
the House in 1879 when a member of the
House who had resigned was not per-
mitted *y the House to withdraw his
resignation. This case, recorded in
Hindse’s “Parliamentary Precedents,” was
that of Representative J. 8. Golladay of
Kentucky. The question arose whether
the Governor of Kentucky had any right
to refuse to accept Golladay's resignation.
It was insisted on the floor of the House
that Golladay from the time he presented
his resignation was no more a member
than any stranger in the gallery. In
support of this claim the Whittemore case
was cited as follows:

“The right of resignation is purely
personal to a member, and when he has
exercised this right he becomes ipso facto
no longer a member.”

It is contended that the single differ-
ence between Senator Bailey's case and
that of Golladay, who by the way never
resumed his seat, lies in the fact that
Golladay's resignation was entered in
the journal of the house, while as the re-
sult-of the action of the Vice-President
this was not done in Senator Bailey's
case. It is further contended that Vice-
President Sherman simply exceeded his
authority when he shoved Senator Bailey's
resignation in his pocket instead of pre-
senting it to the Senate as Senator Bailey
requested.

The action of Senator Bailey in resign-
ing served to emphasize the cleavage in
the Democratic minority in the Senate.
On the eve of the extra session of Con-
gress, in which the Democrats will be in
control of the House, the members of
that party in the Senate find themselves
split into warring factions.

Senator Bailey is at the head of one
faction and Senator William Joel Stone
of Missouri is leading the other. The line
of cleavage was indicated in the Lorimer
case. In that matter most of the Demo-
crats in the Senate declined to follow Séna-
tor Bailey's leadership.

In the appeal made to the Senator from
Texas yesterday that he reconsider his
resignation and remain in the Senate
the alignment of Mr. Bailey's friends
is again demonstrated. Those Senators
who joined him in the defence of Senator
Lorimer sigtied the appeal. But there
was a conspicuous absence among the
signatures of those Democratic Senators
who were opposed to Lorimer.

In the alignment against Senator
Bailey is his colleague, Senator Culber-
son of Texas. The revolt against Sen-
ator Bailey's nominal leadership has
been growing for some time and it prob-
ably will be stronger in the new Senato
than it was in the old. Nearly all of the
new Senators are expected to line up
with the anti-Bailey faction. An excep-
tion will be Senator Clarence Watson
of West Virginia, who is a newcomer,
having served but a few weeks.

Mr. Watson is one of the largest ownera
of coal property in the country and prob-
ably shares Senator Bailey's opinion
that free raw material is not a Demo-
cratic doctrine. In any event he has
been voting with Senator Bailey in most
matters and is apparently very much
devoted to him personally.

The differences between the factions
are fundamental. The men who are
following Senator Stone are in favor
of a radical revision of the tariff, and they
are the friends of William J. Bryan.
Among the new recruits to Mr. Stone's
following will be Senator Pomerene
of Ohio, Senator Kern of Indiana, Senator
Hitchcock of Nebraska, Senator Reed of
Missouri, Senator Martine of New Jersey
and probably Mr. Myers, the new Senator
from Montana.

Senator Bailey ie not the chairman
of the Democratic minority. He refused
to permit his name to be used for the
office at the time Senator Culberson was
chosen and even before, After Mr.
Culberson resigned the honor went to
Senator Money of Mississippi, who re-
tired on Marca i.

Part of the work before the minority
in the Senate when tho extra session
meets will be the election of a chairman
of the Democratic caucus, which carries
with it constructive leadership of the
Senate minority. Senator Railey will
not be a candidate, and if he were could
hardly muster a majority of the Demo-
orats. Whatever semblance of leader-
ship he has enjoyed has been acguired
by the force of his personality aud by
his reputation as a debater

It is expected that when the Senate
takes up the consideration of Canadian
reciprocity and whatever amendments
the Ways and Means ('ommittee of ths
House may conclude to attach to it the
real conflict between the Bailey and the

)

<5

 

A

a _