LS a ae

VOL. LXXIL—NO. ot.

   

SUPPORT GOLDFOGLE—ODELL,

He |

WE WON'T DO 17, REPLY EAST |
SIDE REPUBLICANS.

Governor-Chairman Net Exactly Candid |

Abont His Purpose in Calling Jewish |

and Other Republican District Leaders |
10 a Secret Mecting Last Saturday. |

 

Governor-Chairman Odell and an
Halpin, the Tammany Hall Republican
chairman of the executive committee of |
the New York Republican county com- |
muttee, were not candid on Saturday after-
noon, When they announced that the sole
purpose of the yathering of Republican
county leaders at the Fifth Avenue Hotel
earlier in the day was to give the leaders
‘an opportunity of presenting to Goy.

Odell the editors of four Jewish daily news-
papers and of twelve Jewish weeklies
who had promised to support the Republi-

can ticket.” Some ofthe Jewish leaders
who were at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yester-
day were nettled by this announcement,
and the facts as to what occurred at Satur-
forth-

day afternoon’s gathering were
coming
There were present at the gathering

besides the Governor-Chairman and Mr.
Halpin the following leaders: Second dis-
trict, Michael Hines; Fourth district, Joseph
Levenson; Eighth district, Otto Rosalsky;
Twelfth district, Jacob A. Newstead; Four-
teenth district, James F. Pegnam; Six-
teenth district, Samuel S. Koenig; Twenty-
first district, Abe Gruber; Twenty-sixth
district, Jastrow Alexander; Twenty-
eighth district, John H. Gunner; Thirty-
first district, Samuel Strasbourger, and
Thirty-third district, Frank Raymond. Mr.
Strasbourger and Mr. Raymond are Tam-
many Hall Tax Commissioners, while Abe
Gruber and most of the others are well
known for their affiliations with Tammany
Hall. Charles H Murray, president of
the New York county committee, was also
present, and just outside the meeting room
was Edward Lauterbach, ex-president of
the county committee, who is believed to
he the Governor-Chairman’s chief political
and legal adviser. Editor Sarasohn and
Editor Pelle and some of their Jewish
literary brethren were also there.

Some of the Jewish leaders in the county
committee were restive and suspicious
even after Mr. Halpin, who presided, had
made the announcement that one of the
purposes of the meeting was a confab of
the leaders in whose districts many Jewish
citizens reside and an inquiry about the
probable candidates for the Assembly,
Senate and Congress. Another purpose
of the meeting, Mr. Halpin explained, was
to perfect some sort of an understanding
between the leaders in whose districts the
Jewish citizens reside and the editors of
the Jewish press, then present, Governor-
Chairman Odell repeated Mr. Halpin's
announcements in more suocinct form,

by saying:

“A proposition has been discussed by
some of the leaders, which is supported
by others, that the Republican Congress
convention of the Ninth district indorse
Henry M. Goldfogle for Congress.”

Governor-Chairman Odell supported Mr
Halpin in his announcement and in a few
words advocated the indorsement of Gold-
fogle.

This was something like a bombshell.
Mr. Goldfogle has been the Tammany Hall
Congressman for the Ninth district in the
Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eight Congresses,
was a delegate to the Democratio national
convention at Chicago in 1896 which nomi-
nated William J. Bryan, and voted for Bryan
and 16 to 1 in the campaigns of 1896 and
1900,

The Ninth Congress district is made up
of the Fourth, Eighth, Twelfth and Six-
teenth Assembly districts. Mr. Levenson,
for the Fourth, protested vigorously against
the suggestion made by Governor-Chairman
Odell and Mr. Halpin that Mr. Goldfogle
should be supported by the Republicans,
and he was followed by Mr. Rosalsky of
the Eighth, who was even more forceful
in his opposition than Mr. Levenson, for he
went on to recount how Mr. Goldfogle,
although the victor by 8,500 two years ago
over Charles 8. Adler, whom the Republi-
cans had proposed to nominate again this
vear, nevertheless ran 245 votes behind his
ticket, while Adler ran 300 and more votes
ahead of his ticket.

Mr. Koenig backed up Mr. Levenson and
Mr. Rosalsky and so did Mr. Newstead
of the Twelfth district, although Mr. New-
stead was not as strong in his opposition
as were Mr. Levenson, Mr. Rosalsky and
Mr. Koenig.

Finally President Murray, who for many
years was leader of the Eighth Assembly
district, entered his protest against the
indorsement of Goldfogle.

‘The Governor-Chairman and Mr. Halpin
were beaten to a standstill and saw it.
Governor<hairman Odell then said: “We
will leave this matter in the hands of the
Assembly district leaders in the Ninth
Congress district.”

Mr. Tauterhach, although not inside
the room where the conference was held,
told his friends as thev left it that it would
be wholly advisable that the Republicans
of the Ninth Congress district indorse
Mr. Goldfagle’s nomination

One ofthe Jewish leaders who was present
at the conference raid last night:

“This effort to have the Republicans of
the Ninth Congress district indorse Gold-
fogle, the Tammany Hall Congressman,
shows quite as much as anything the alli-
ance between our county committee and |
Tammany Hall. Strasbourger and Ray-
tnond are Tammany Hall Tax Commis- |
sioners, appointed by Tammany, and it
has been well said that there is no bi-par- |
tixan law to compel Tammany to divide its
SPpolnements of Tax Commissioners, very |
valuable places in the city government.
The Republicans of the Ninth Congress
district adjourned the convention last
Thuraday night without making a nomina-
tion. The meeting at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel Saturday afternoon was a plant, |
a trick to get the Republicans of that |
“operons district to take Goldfogle. |
_ “Lt am told that Goldfogle solicited this
indorsement. While I do not live in the
Ninth, Lam glad the leaders of that district
rat down hard on the scheme. Here we
are prating about the Democratic national
and State platforms, and yet the Governor |
alpin wanted the Republicans
of that district to indorse a Tammany Hall
Democrat who voted for Bryan and free ,
silver in two national campaigns,” |
In 1902 Charles 8, Adler, the Republican |

and Mr.

@indidate for Congress in the Ninth dis-
trict, received 4,285 votes, and if Governor-
Chairman Odell and Mr. Halpin had had
their way on Saturday afternoon these |
peu saans weald een rare been forced |
or a Tammany greseman
who voted in 1806 and 1900 tor Bevan and |
4¢to 1 or to remain away from the polls.

Che

FAMILY HELD FOR MURDER. “WIRE SHOT ASSAL

Seven Persons to He Tried for the Killing

of a Woman and Niece.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., Oct. 3. This morning
the bones of Mrs. Bigler Johnson and her
ten-year-old niece, Aunie Benjamin, were
exhumed and identified officially as human
bones, y
of evidence against Bigler Johnson, the
husband; his mother, two brothers, two
sisters and brother-in-law, seven in all,
who now await trial for murder in the
Towanda jail.

The confession of Bigler Johnson, made
on Friday, has been further corroborated
by admissions made by Nancy Johnson,
his thirteen-year-old sister, who stood

watch outside the house while their mother, |

Mrs. Sophia Merritt, and another son,
Charles, went inside and butchered Mrs.
Johnson and the child,

The girl, it has been Jearned, escaped
from the house after Mrs. Johnson had
been struck down and stunned. She fled
and ran forty or fifty yards down the road,
Charles Johnson running after and finally
overtaking and killing her, He carried
the body back to the house, where the
mnother had finished killing Mrs. Johnson
with several blows on the head with an
axe,

The blood from the wounds of the child
furnished the first clue to the murder.
It showed that she had been killed on the
road and then carried back to the house,
where both bodies were soaked in kero-
sene and the house then burned to ashes.

Nancy Johnson has now told enough to
corroborate the confession of her brother
Bigler, while Charles, frightened by the
accusation against him, is making wild
charges against hia brother Alonzo. The
mother says nothing and sniffs when the
detectives tell her what the others have
said and try to induce her to talk.

The trial will be placed for the Novem-
ber term and the detectives expect td be
able to send Bigler Johnson, his mother
and Charles Johnson to the gallows and to
iniprison the others. Nancy Johnson and
Alonzo are twins, 13 years old. The other
sister is married and with her husband is
suspected of arranging the alibi for Bigler
Johnson,

KILLED BY SOUND PIRATES?

Suspicion of Foul Play in Drowning of
Arthur Nichols at Mamaroneck.

MAMARONECK, N. Y., Oct. 3.—Two weeks
ago the body of Arthur Nichols, a young
man of this village, was found in the Sound
at the foot of Mamaroneck avenue, At
the time it was supposed that he was
drowned accidentally. A rowboat was
found beside the body and the painter
by which it was tied was wound around
his leg. The Coroner and physicians who
examined the body were of the opinion
that the young man in getting into the
boat had caught his foot in the rope and
tripped, falling overboard.

The matter was dropped until it was
learned to-day that persons in the neigh-
borhood had been found who had heard
cries on the night Nicholsis supposed to
have been drowned. This has led the
police to suspect that Nichola met his
death at the hands of some of thepirates
who have been robbing the yachts along
the Sound, and they are now making an
investigation.

The thieves have been operating for
nearly a month. They looted the flagship
of the New Rochelle Yacht Club, owned by
Commodore Donovan, and also half a
dozen yachts of the Morrisania Yacht Club.
There were several yachts moored near
the place where the body of Nichols was
found, and some of the friends of the young
boatman believe that he surprised the
pirates while they were stripping them
and they killed him and then threw him
overboard.

Niohols was last seen at 10:30 o'clock at
night. His father keeps a boathouse and
he went td the pier to arrange to take a
party out the next day. The neighbors
say that they heard the cries about 10:20
or 11 o'clock, but paid no attention to them
at the time, as they thought that they
came from boys who were playing near
the pier. The body was found floating
face downward the next morning.

THREE HURT TESTING AUTO.

 

Machine Entered for the Vanderbilt Cup
Breaks Down—Driver May Die.

HemesreaD, L. I., Oct. 3.—While testing | :
| neighbor across the hall said yesterday

an automobile for the race for the Vander-
bilt cup, which will be held here Satur-
day, three men were seriously hurt to-night
and one of them may die. The men had
been going over the course all the after-
noon and were returning to Garden City.

The men's names are Rigby, Little and
Anderson, Little and Anderson are ex-
pert machinists, the former having come
from Toledo, Ohio, yesterday. Rigby
was in charge of the machine, which is en-
tered by a man named Webb,

The automobile was near Hicksville
about 6 o'clock this evening, when the
tire on one of the front wheels came off,
The machine turned at right angles across
the road and the steering gear broke, The
three men were thrown out, landing on
an embankrnent.

Dr. Lenebard, who lives at Hempstead,
was notified of the accident. He hurried
to the Nassau Hospital, at Mineola, in his
automobile, got two nurses, and then made
the seven mile trip to Hicksville, leaving
word at the hospital for an ambulance to

follow.
The injured men had been carried to a

drug store. Little and Anderson were
bruised and cut and shaken up. Three
of Rigby's ribs had been broken. One of

the ribs punctured his heart. After having
their injuries dressed they were taken
to the Nassau Hospital. Rigby will proba-
bly die es eee

‘VYOU'RETHE LEADER; STABAIM.

Highwayman Btdn't
Second Dare.

John Devine, 14 years old, the son of a

Walt for

Youthful

junk dealer living at 452 West Fifty-seventh , : )
| away from him, and, taking careful aim,

street, was held up and robbed by a gang of
youthful desperadoes last night while
playing in front of bis home. After go-
ing through his poe kets and taking his
coat and hat, one of the youths pointed to
another and said:

“You're the leader, now stab him.”

The youth addressed attacked the De-
vine boy with a small knife, stabbing him
in the fleshy part of the shoulder, His
father found him later stretched cut in the
hallway, where he had crawled and fainted,
The young highwaymen had fled. The
injured boy was taken to Roosevelt Hos-
pital. Once before he was held up, beaten

and robbed of 80 cents by a similar gang.
Half adozen 14-year-old boys were arrested

late in the evening.

—$—
Insist upow having Burnett's Vaniita.—A és,

This is said to complete the chain |

 

 

LANT DEAD.

| BABY IN ARMS, SHE CHASED HIM

DOWN THREE FLIGHTS,
Put Bullet in His Throat on the Sidewalk
Ile Had Threatened to KIM Her With
Pair of Tallor’s Shears--Says It Was
Her Lite or His After She Repulsed Him

For half a year Michael Rago, who was a
tailor with a wife and five children in Italy,
had been making love to Rosa Pietro and

| trying to get her to leave her husband

 

| didn't leave her alone,
| stand it no longer.

He made his last plea yesterday
morning. It was made to deaf ears, as all
the others had been, Then he threatened
to stab the woman with a pair of tailor'’s
shears. She ordered him from her home.
When he refused to go, she drew a pistol,
pursued him down three flights of stairs,
with her baby in her arms, and killed him.

He fell dead on the pavement in front
of the tenement in which the Pietros live
at 316 East Thirty-fourth street. The
woman looked for a moment at the body,
and then she carried her baby back up
stairs and waited for the police to come
and take her away. Policeman Flanagan
of the East Thirty-fifth street station walked
into the little flat, and the woman, seated
by a rear window, turned a smiling face
toward him and said:

“Me? I go.”

“Why did you do it?” asked Flanagan.

“[ no good English. ‘Tella Italian.”

She and the baby were taken to the sta-
tion, where Flanagan preferred a charge of
homicide. A little later a precinct de-
tective who could speak Italian came in,
and to him the woman told her story.

“Ll killed Rago,” she said, “because I
thought it was either his life or mine, He
had been following me about everywhere
for six months. He married my husband's
sister and left her and five children in Italy
several years ago. He wanted me to
leave my husband and baby and go away
with him. I told him he should be ashamed
to ask me such a thing. Besides, I love
my husband, He is a good man and a
good father. This morning Rago came
to my door and opened it. I told him to
go away. He only laughed and drew a
big pair of shears from his coat.

“Then he tried to force me into the bed-
room, saying if I did not go he would stab
me With the shears I made believe to let
him push me into the room, Inside the
bedroom I pushed him away and grabbed
a pistol which was under the bed, He
saw it and tried to wrench it from me.
Then he ran into the hall. I followed him
and shot him. I know he's dead. He
will not bother me any more. He was a
bad man. He is in hell. If I go to the
chair I shall not meet him after. I ama
good woman,”

2osa Barbarite married Vincenzo Pietro
five years ago. She was 17 and he was
27, After awhile they went to live at 314
East Thirty-fourth street and there their
baby was born. The husband was kind
and industrious and the home was happy.
Six months ago Rago, Pietro’s brother-
in-law, who worked as a tailor when he felt
like it, asked Pietro to take him in as a
boarder, Pietro consented,

Two months later Mrs. Pietro com-
plained to her husband of Rago's atten-
tions. Pietro warned Rago to attend to
his own business and leave Mrs. Pietro
alone.
brother-in-law was silly. Pietro thought
that, maybe, he was, but his wife com-

and baby.

plained again, this time saying that Rago |

had insulted her. So Pietro went over to
the police station to ask the police to get
after hia brother-in-law. He was told that
it was not a case for voluntary police in-
terference. Pietro went home and said to
hia wife:

“The police will do nothing, but we can,
We'll move.”

The wife was delighted, and the next
day, after Rago had gone to work, the
Pietros moved—next door. Rago found
them and wanted to board with them again,
but Pietro would have none of him; 60 Rago
took a room on the ground floor,in the
rear of Morris Weinroth’s laundry.

Nearly every morning after Pietro left
for work in a plaster mill over in Ravens-
wood, Rago would go up to call on Mrs.
Pietro. At leust that ia what Pietro said
yesterday his wife told him. The Pietros
live on the third floor in the rear. The

that she had never seen any other man
than Pietro go into the flat and that she
had never heard any quarrelling. She
said that Mrs. Pietro was a sweet, well
mannered woman.

Rago called last Saturday morning,
shortly after 7 o'clock, and tried to open
the door. It was locked. Mrs. Pietro, so
she told her husband, told Rago he could
not come in and that if he didn't stop an-
noying her he would get into trouble. Rago
laughed and went away.

He never came around on Sundays,
because Pietro was home, but yesterday
morning—the neighbors say it was ten
minutes after 7—Rago came up the stairs
and entered the Pietro flat. Mrs. Pietro
sat by the cooking stove nursing her baby.
All that is known of what happened in the
flat is What the woman told the police. A
boy who lives across the hall, however,
saw a man rush out of the flat and down
the stairs, with Mrs. Pietro after him.

A minute or two later he heard two shots.

tunning to a window of a flatin the front of
the house he saw a man lying on the paves
ment, face down,
the street, however, who saw Rago get his

death wound. The first shot was fired by the |
| woman in the hall of the tenement leading |

to the street. It went wide of its mark
and through the top of the ground glass
panel in the street door.

Seeing that she had missed, the woman
ran out into the street just aa Rago was
turning to run into the laundry next door,
where he lo ged. The woman shrieked,
so the laundryman says. Rago turned to-
ward her, She was then only a few feet

fired, The bullet, the autopsy showed,
pierced Rago's throat and he dropped
dead, When the body was taken away to

Morgue, the shears with which Mrs,
threatened to stab
sidewalk where

the
Pietro says the man
her were found on the
Rago had fallen,

the woman, with the Laby still in her
arms, war arraigned before Magistrate
Ommen in the Yorkville court later in the
day and remanded for examination to the
court prison, When his wife was led away
to her eell, Pietro, who is a mild mannered
little man, with tears in his eyes said:

“She told me on Saturday she'd go down
to the river and drown herself if that man
She said she could
Now she has put him
away, She has always been a good wife
and | must save her if I can, but can I get
justice for her? I only earn $0 or $lu a
week,”

  

OCTOBER 4,

Rago only laughed and said his |

There were witnesses on |

s- WW,

CONNECTICUT ELECTIONS.
| Results tn the Towns Point to Republican
Success Next Month,

Hartrorp, Conn., Oct. 3.—The town
elections held all over the State show no
Material change to-night from the elec-
tions of a year or two years ago. What
few differences there are from last year's
results are in favor of the Republicans,
With one or two exceptions,

Not more than fifteen towns in the State
changed their politics. The license ques-
tion and personal popularity had much to
do with the results, as was shown in New
| Britain where Mayor Bassett, Democrat,
| was elected selectman by 500 majority
although the rest of the ticket was Re-
publican,

Little interest was taken in the election

 

| and the independent vote may be said to |

| have stayed away in a body. The result
certainly shows, however, that there is
no decided drift toward Democratic af-
| filiation and the Democratic vote in general
did not equal what it was in the Cleveland
campaigns or before them.

In Hartford county, Bristol changed
from Democratic to Kepublican and Marl-
borough from a tie last year to Demo-
cratic, In Litchfield county, North Canaan
and New Milford went Democratic and
Warren Republican, changing from last
year.

In Tolland county the Republicans gained
Tolland, Coventry and Ellington. In Mid-
dlesex, Chatham changed to Democratic
and Durham to Republican, In New Haven
county, Branford almost always strongly
Democratic, went Republican.

As usual, all the cities went license by
large majorities. The majority of the
towns that changed turned from no license
to license.

 

HER FROM A_ BRIDGE,

Assailant of a Woman in Lowell, Mass.,
Fails to Injure Victim,

LOWELL, Mass., Oct. 3.—Miss Laura
Therrian was thrown over the railing of
the approach to the southerly side of the
Aiken street bridge by a man late on Satur-
day night. She struck on her side on the
sand thirty feet below and only a short
distance from the edge of the Merrimac
River. Just before the attack on Miss
Therrian, Miss Regina Rondeau was at-
tacked, presumably by the same man.

Miss Therrian says that as she stepped
on the bridge she was accosted by a man
who tickled her chin and addressed her as
Mary. She resented his familiarity and
was “eized by the throat and thrown bodily
over the embankment. During the scuffie
she was struck twice on the mouth and two
teeth were knocked out. She lost con-
aciousneas when she struck the sand, but,
quickly recovering, began to ery out for
assistance.

Two neighbors passing heard her and
| helped her to her home. She was not in-
jured seriously, but the shock compelled
her to keep to her bed all day yesterday.

THREW

 

GREETING TO MISS GOULD,

Railroad Men In Scranton Tender Her a
Y. M. ©. A. Reception.

|
ScRANTON, Pa., Oct. 3.— A warm welcome |

was tendered to Miss Helen M. Gould of
| New York here this evening by the Rail-

road Men's Christian Association of this
! city. When Miss Gould reached the Lacka-
wanna station at 6 o'clock the crowd that
had gathered to see her would not have
been larger had the guest been the Presi-
dent of the United States. She was ac-
companied by Mrs. B. Caldwell and Mr,
and Mrs. W. F. Lougee.

At 8 o'clock this evening Miss Gould
was the chief guest at a reception at the
| railroad association. T. E, Clarke presided
over the entertainment that followed,
There were addresses and musical pum-
bers, one of the speakers being Vice-Presi-
dent Caldwell of the Lackawanna.

Miss Gould is on her way West to visit

 

various Christian associations along the
Gould roads.
HUSBANDLESS BRIDE DEAD,

 

Dollar Smith's Daughter Whom
a Married Policeman Beguiled.

Gussie Smith, the youngest daughter
of the late Silver Dollar Smith, is dead.
Ever since her elopement on March, 1902,
with Policeman Joseph Madden, “the

Silver

Dandy Boy Cop,” who had a wife at the |

time, the girl has been denying herself
all the pleasures of life and has brooded
over her troubles. Some time ago she
developed symptoms of ‘consumption, of
which she died on Sunday.

The East Side was greatly agitated when
it learned that “Silver Dollar's” seventeen-
year-old daughter had married Madden in
Jersey City. An effort was made to prosecute
Madden for bigamy, but the girl refused
to appear against him, saying that she
loyed him. She, moreover, prevailed upon
the minister and witnesses in New Jersey
to refuse to come to this State and testify
against the policeman. “Half Dollar” Smith,
the girl's brother, went looking for Madden
with a gun and the policeman left the city
and was dismissed from the force for absence
without leave.

The girl could not marry without having
her marriage to Madden annulled and to go
into court for such a purpose would be to

yroduce evidence on which Madden might
be sent to prison. Rather than do this she
declared her intention of remaining a hus-
bandless bride for the rest of her life. Fora
time it was feared that she would go mad.

Funeral services for the dead girl will be
held to-day at the residence of her mother
at 1474 Madison avenue,

 

TO RELIEVE BRIDGE CONGESTION,

| Brooklyn Manufacturers’ Association Calls
a Meeting. Best or No Best.

The Brooklyn Manufacturers’ Associa-
tion went into executive session last night
at their headquarters, 198 Montague street,
and passed a resolution calling for a special
meeting to be held for the purpose of dis-
| cussing measures for relieving the con-
gestion of traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge.
The meeting is to be held Oct. 12. The
| resolution passed last night said:

“This meeting is to be held regardless
of the refusal of Bridge Commissioner
, George E, Bent to attend.

For some time the association has been
extending invitations to Commissioner Best
asking him to discuss with them a plan for
relieving the jam on the Bridge. The

Commissioner has repeatedly declined, say- |

ing that such a discussion was useless.

Invitations have been sent to Mayor
| McClellan, Comptroller Grout and the
| officials of the Brookiyn Rapid Transit

Company, The members of the sasocia-

| tion admitted last night that they had a
vlan for relieving the crush at the Bridge.
‘hey also state that Commissioner Beat
has a plan of his own and doesn't want
to be enlightened on another.

—- .

Latest Marine Intelligence.

| Arrived: Ss Rhein, Bremen, Sept. 72, ss Monte-

video, Havana, Sept. %.

 

 
   
 

 

 

MOB AT SENATOR HOAR’S BIER

|
| FORTY PERSONS HURT IN THE
CRUSH AT WORCESTER.

 

 

| Pouce Powerless to Control the Crowd,
| and the Militia Also Unable to Cope
With M—Two Services Before the
| Body Was Taken to Lie in State.
|

WorCESTER, Mass., Oct, 3.—Thousands
of persons paid a last tribute to the late
United States Senator George F. Hoar
to-day. Business of all kinds was sus-
pended throughout the city during the
funeral. Mourning decorations on busi-
ness blocks and private houses added to
the solemnity of the occasion,

The Senator's body lay in state at the
City Hall this afternoon and evening. The
throng that passed to see it became a mob,
| Which soon got beyond the control of the
police, From the hall to Lincoln Square,
a distance of half a mile, there were nearly
£0,000 persons, Attempts to get them off the
street were useless, even the several com-
panies of militia called into service failing
utterly,

So great was the jam that people who
| wished to get out of the crowd were unable
to do so and some of the weaker ones were
hurt. Every ambulance in the city was
called into play and more than forty persons
were treated at the various hospitals.
Scores fainted in the crush and were tram-
pled under foot. Men, women and chil-
dren fought to get to the City Hall entrance.

It is estimated that 40,000 saw the Sena-
tor's body while it lay in state. Women
had their clothes literally torn from them,
flower beds in adjacent yards were ruined
and several windows were broken. A
camera fell from a building opposite the
hall, seriously injuring a young man it
struck on the head. No street cars could
be run on Main street for three hours, the
police being powerless to cope with the
crowd.

Funeral services for the family at the
Senator's late residence on Oak avenue
were conducted by the Rev. Dr. Edward
FE. Hale, chaplain of the United States
Senate. The body was taken to the Church
of Unity, where the principal services were
held. Dr. Hale delivered a eulogy of the
distinguished statesman. Delegations rep-

 

resenting the United States Senate and
House of Representatives; Gov. John
L. Bates, Lieut.-Gov. Curtis Guild, the

Governor’s council and delegations from
the State Senate and House of Kepresenta-
tives were met at the union station by
Mayor Walter H. Blodgett and city officials,
all marching with bowed heads to the
church.

The Rev. R. R. Shippen of Brookton
assisted Dr, Hale in the church services.
A quartet sang several hymns. The floral
tributes were many. The body was then
borne under military escort to the City
Hall, where it lay in state until 10 o'clock
to-night, To-morrow it will be taken to
Conoord for burial.

ROCKWOOD H OAR NOMINATED.

Named for Congress by the Republicans
| of Worcester, Mass.

WoRrcESTER, Mass., Oct. 3.—In the quiet-
est political convention that has been
held in Worcester for many years, Rock-
wood Hoar, son of the late Senator Hoar,
was nominated to-day for Congress by
the Republicans of the Third Congress
district.

The death of Senator Hoar was the rea-
son for no display of enthusiasm, and
| while his body was lying at the house on
| Oak avenue, a few hours before the funeral
services began, the Republicans honored
his son by giving him a unanimous nom-
ination. There were no_ nominating

| speeches, the name of Mr. Hoar being |
presented to the convention by the Hon. |

Edwin T. Marble.

After the nomination of Mr. Hoar a letter
was read from him thanking the delegates
| and accepting the nomination.

LION LOOSE IN BRONX PARK.

But He Didn't Roar or Prowl About Seek-
ing Whom He Might Devour.
A mountain lion escaped from his cage
in the Bronx Zoological Gardens yester-
| day afternoon and for about half an
hour caused some uneasiness among the
| keepers and authorities. But there was no
| danger. The lion was so scared at being
| free that he allowed himself to be recapt-
ured without making any fight.
The lion was in a cage with two other
lions when Keeper Mulvihall went to feed

into the cage one of the lions jumped at
him. The lion struck him in the chest,
knocking him down, and before Mulvihall
could slam the gate the lion was out.

Mulvihall got out of the cage as soon
as he could and ran to the reptile house,
a short distance away, for Curator Dit-
mars, There was & number of people in
the park, and they heard that a lion had
escaped. Then they escaped.

The lion didn’t go far, however, When
he bounded out of his cage he took a few
more bounds and landed about fifty feet
away in a house for some smaller antinale,

They scampered off and the lion crouched |

in one corner. The house was only about
nix fect square and the lion tried to hide
himself as much as possible.

When Mr. Ditmars came along with
Keeper Mulvihal! he found that there were
two openings to the house. He boarded
up one of them and put a portable cage
in front of the other. Then he tried to coax
the lion into the cage, but the lion wouldn't
be coaxed. Finally, when he saw that the
lion wouldn't respond to peaceful measures,
Mr. Ditmars tried other tactics. He ran
a hose from the reptile house and inserted
it through an opening in the little shanty.
Then he turned the water on full force and
let drive at the lion. «The lion stood it for
about a minute and then surrendered
Peaceably, but sulkily, he crawled into the

ort
| The cage was wheeled over to the larger
| cage and then the water was used again
to drive the lion in his original prison.
In addition to the wetting the ffon had to go
without his supper as punishment.

BOY LOOTED PRINCIPAL'S DESK,

Thirteen- Year-Old Pupil in Brooklyn School
Stole $123.

Miss Bowers, principal of Public School 67,
on North Elliott place, near Park avenue,
Brovk'yn, discovered that $123 had been
stolen from her desk yesterday and
notified the police of the Flushing avenue
station. Two detectives were put on the
case, and after investigating the matter

 

18 North Portland avenue.

Marano is one of the scholars and had
been in the principal's room several times. |

At firat he denied all knowledge ofthe
affair, but subsequently broke down and
confessed. Then he took the detectives
to a vacant lot, where he had hidden the
money. They recovered it. Marano was
locked up in the care of the Children's
society.

them about 4 o'clock. As Mulvihall stepped |

arrested James Marano, 13 years old, of ,

 
 

\

ROS PINE IME SOE ERAN RROD, NEIL ICIS? RUPERT Ron ITE ts

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904,

Fair to-day and to-morrow; northwest

®

190 4.—Conuriont, 1004, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

Finds Patient Much Better—Had News
of Her by Wireless.
Spectal Cable Despatch to ,THR SUN,

| comfortable day, She was well enough to
see her mother, Mrs, Leiter, who arrived
at Dover to-day on the steamer Vaderland
and immediately proceeded to Walmer
Castle. Drs. Barlow and Cheyne, who
have been in close attendance upon the
patient for some time, left to-day.

Mrs, Leiter received bulletins of her
daughter's condition by means of wire-
leas telegraph throughout the greater part
of her voyage from New York.

| ODELL IN’ ST, LOUIS,

 

 

—

 

The Governor Says He Never Heard of
the Velled Prophets’ Ball,

'

|

| Sr. Louis, Oct. 3.--“I have never heard
of the Veiled Prophets’ ball or of any con-
troversy over conflicting dates with our
event on Tuesday night,” declared Gov.

Odell of New York, as he stepped from a
| Big Four train at Union Station at noon,

“Will Lattend your ball? Well, [ haven't
received an invitation to the Veiled
Prophets’ ball yet, but one or two balls
an evening don’t bother me.

“So far as I know the date of our State's
world's fair celebration was set by the
world’s fair management about eighteen
months ago, and at that time our com-
missioners began to prepare for the enter-
tainment of New Yorkers at St. Louis.”

DENIED BY GEN. CORBIN.

 

Didn't Say Army Officers Should Have |

92,400 a Year Before Marrying.

OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 8.—Gen. H. C. Corbin,
on his way to the Philippines, denied to-day
the stories that he made the statement
that young army officers should not be per-
mitted to marry until they had an income
of $2,400 annually. Gen. Corbin said:

“I never made any such statement. I
have been misquoted and misrepresented.
I did say, and so suggested in my report,
that army officers should have the permis-
sion of the War Department before marry-
ing, and I do not think I made any mistake
in so saying. I have seen so many dis-
tressing resulta of ill advised marriages
by young army officers that I still think I

made no mistake in my recommendations; |

but I did not say they should have a $2,400
income,”

AIMED AT CAT; HIT GIRL.

Ninety Days for Bayonne Man Who Threw
a Stone Poorly.

When John McNerney of 123 West Twen-
tieth street, Bayonne, N. J., was near his
home yesterday he saw a big tomcat that
has made his nights sleepless for a week.
He threw a stone at the cat and it landed
on the right cheek of Miss Stacia Walsh.

She was knocked unconscious and taken
to the hospital, where the injury was
dressed. Then she went to court and
refused to press a complaint of assault
and battery against McNerney. Recorder
Lazarus decided that the young man ought
to be punished, and he had the charge
changed to disorderly conduct and sen-
tenced McNerney to Snake Hill for ninety
days.

SWALLOW DARE TO PARKER.

Challenges Him to Swing Round the Circle
in a Joint Debate.

Cricaao, Oct. 3.—The Rev. Dr. Silas C.

 

Swallow, Prohibition candidate for Presi- |

dent of the United States, while in Chicago
| to-night issued a challenge to Judge
| Parker, the Democratic candidate, to a joint
| speaking tour about the country.

Among the subjects that Dr. Swallow
would like to discuss would be a referendum
with regard to
| liquor traffic.

the suppression of the

 

RAID RUSSIAN CONSPIRATORS.

Police Charge Elght Persons With Issuing
Seditious Pamphiets.
Special Cable Despatch to THK SUN.

St. Pererssura, Oct. 3.—Eight persons
| are being tried here in camera on the charge
| of forming a secret society, maintaining
asecret press and issuing seditious pam-
phiets.

A Jewess, aged 60 years, in whose house
the press was found, is charged with not
divulging its presence. One of the ac-
cused has confessed.

TO WARD OFF TYPHOID.

| Watershed Being Carefully Inspected
—Danger Feared From Mount Kisco.
Yorktown, N. Y., Oct. 3.—Owing to
the prevalence of typhoid fever in New
York extreme precautions are being taken
by the city authorities of New York through-
out the entire watershed region. All the
way from Yorktown down past Amawalk
Lake to the big Croton dam, a distance of
| seven miles, gangs of men are busy cuttin
| down the trees and underbrush whic
| border on the watershed.
The brush and trees have been piled up
and as soon as they are dried will be
| burned, makin
|for many miles. The Water Commis-
sioners are investigating the sewerage
| system at Mount Kisco, where, it is re-
{ porven: there has been considerable typhoid
ever. If it is ascertained that there is
fever in the town and the sewers connect
in any way with the watershed through
| Branch Brook, the Commissioners will
appeal to the State Board of Health to
stamp out the danger.

 

 

CONDEMNED MURDERER STARVES

Hungarian Who Killed
Hibernia, N. J., Seeks Death.
Morristown, N. J., Oct. 3.—When told
by Jail Warden Orr that the Court of Errors
|} and Appeals had sustained his sentence
to death, Frank Betsa, the Hungarian

| confined in the Morris county jail for the |

» murder of twelve-year-old Minnie Root
of Hibernia, has refused to eat and kneels
by the side of his cot in an attitude of prayer.

The jail authorities are of the opinion |

that the condemned man is attempting to

starve himself to death. A death watch
| has been placed in his cell,

Betsa was sentenced to be hanged Sept. 16,
but a stay of execution was granted and
| the case argued in the Court of Appeals,
| which handed down its decision on Sat-

urday.

 

Nearly 16 Millions Paid in Taxes Yesterday.

Yesterday was the first day for the pay-
ment of taxes for 1904, and in their anxiety
to get the rebate which is allowed on taxes

aid this month, people who might with
ess trouble have sent their payments by
check or postal order jammed the offices
of the Receiver of Taxes and stood in line,
some of them for hours. These were the
totals of yesterday's receipts:

 

iat en fe enn EN ee eeenae cee

LoNvon, Oct. 3—Lady Curzon passed a |

a smoke that will be visible |

Young Girl at)

to north winds.

—=s

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

MOTHER SEES LADY CURZON. | SICK MEN FORCED T0 CHARGE,

| JAP OFFICERS THREATEN TO
SHOOT THOSE WHO LAG,

 

Story of Suffering Among the Troops

From SBert-Berl-—Report of Crultser
Bayan'’s Escape From Port Arthur
Discredited—Cossacks Back in Corea,

Spectal Cable Despatches to THK SUN.
CHEFOO, Oct. 3.—A despatch from Naga-
| saki, telling of the ravages of beri-beri

among the Japanese soldiers, saya that on
| several occasions the troops protested
| against orders to charge, because the dis-
| ease prevented them from advancing with
| the necessary rapidity. The officers in-
| variably threatened to shoot the men un-

lesa they obeyed, whereupon the sufferers
| plodded forward to certain death.
|
|
|

Lonpon, Oct. 4.--The Standard's corre-
spondent with Gen. Kuroki's army says
that since the battle at Kinchau the Russia
casualties, sick and missing, are estimated
to have numbered 8,000, while the Japanese
casualties are placed at 45,000. One hun-
dred and sixty Russian guns have been capt-
ured. Seven Russian Generals have been
killed or wounded. One Japanese General
was wounded, These losses occurred ex-
clusively at Port Arthur,

GIVE THANKS AT PORT ARTHUR.

 

| Gen. Stoessel’s Prociamation on the Re-
pulse of the Japanese.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sux.

CHEFOO, Oct, 3.—Gen. Stoessel tele-
graphs confirmation of the reported re-
pulse of Japanese assaults between Sept.
19 and 22, when the fighting was very
severe, After the engagement Gen, Stoes-
8e] issued a proclamation, reading:

“Glory and thanks to God. Glory to
our heroic garrison, Glory to Illmann,
Sychaff and Pogosky, heroes all. Glory to
our chief officers, and especial glory to
our valiant volunteers, who drove the
enemy from the trenches, destroying them.
God has permitted us to repulse the enemy
Praise to God.”

The volunteers referred to were regulars
who had been called for to retake a high
hill under Lieut, Pogosky and Capt. Sychaff.

The Russians calculate that the total
Japanese losses during the four days were
10,000.

NON-COMBATANTS

 

MUST GO.

1

|

|

|

|

|

Gen, Steessel Orders Women, Children and

Chinese Frem Port Arthur.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

| Lonpvon, Oct. 8—A Central News de-

spatch from Rome says that information

has been received there that Gen. Stoessel

has ordered away from Port Arthur all

women, children and Chinese, with the

purpose of economizing food and water.

The Daily Maile correspondent at

Chefoo says he hears from the latest
refugee arrivals that the Port Arthur
garrison needs water urgently. Pro-
visions are also wanted, though little is
said of their small quantity and unsatis-
factory quality. The Russians aetill have
plenty of ammunition,

|

|

 

TOKIO’S FAITH IN BESIEGERS.

Doesn't Accept Russian Reports of Re-
pulsed Attacks.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Oct. 4. ~The Tokio correspondent
of the Times says that the Russian reports
of the repulse of all the Japanese attacks
on Port Arthur from Sept. 20 to Sept. 26
are wholly discredited in Tokio, where all
information has shown a steady progress
of the siege and the recent capture of
several important positions.

Details contained in letters and the Novi
Krai of Port Arthur of Sept. 28 and Gen.
Stoessel's despatch of that date add noth-
| ing of consequence to the earlier stories
of the fighting at Port Arthur. They tend
to confirm the reports that the Japanese
had made little progress. The numerous
rumors of the Russian fleet leaving the
harbor are not corroborated.

The Nagasaki correspondent of the
Telegraph saya that a Japanese tunnel
into Port Arthur was completed on Sept.
24 and was immediately used. The result
is unknown.

As far as can be learned there are only
reconnoissances and skirmishes around
Port Arthur. The Sinminting correspond-
ent of the Telegraph says he learns that
Gen. Kuropatkin does not intend to move
south, being content to weaken the invaders
as they advance.

Another report intimates that Gen.
Kuropatkin is about to attack the Japanese,
whose busy construction of semi-permanent
fortifications indicates the expectation of
an attack, and confirms the reports that
they are not inclined to move further
north,

MUST PREPARE FOR SACRIFICES.

Japanese Premier Warns People That the
War Is Not Yet Won.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Toxi1o, Oct. 3.—The Premier this morn-

ing declared that the nation must be firmly
| determined to achieve success and be pre-
| pared to make the necessary sacrifices.
A Japanese expert declares that there
| are 120,000 Russians at Mukden. He ex-
pects a battle there that will equal in extent
of front and severity the fighting at the
battle of Liaoyang.

The failure of the ships at Port Arthur
to make a sortie isexplained by some as
being due to lack of coal and the loss of
| ships sustained in the course of mine-
| sweeping operations, several having been
| blown up since July, Others think that
when the fall of the ‘fortress is imminent,
and not until then, the ships will make a
dash out and try to find refuge in the
German harbor of Kiaochau.

The Hypothee Bank in September placed
on the market one million yen worth of
five-yen premium bearing bonds, the ob-
ject being to attract the money of the lower
classes, They were oversubscribed in
| two days. An unlimited issue was begun
this month, and it is being subscribed for
rapidly.

The increase in the rice crop of this year
over that of last year is estimated con-
servatively to represent a value of 106,000,-
000 yen.

The Asahi argues that the rate of the
third loan should be lowered.

KUROPATKIN KEEPS COMMAND,

Czar Net te Send Grand Dake Nicholas te
the Bast.

Special Cable Despatch to Tag Som, a

 

 

 

 

 

 

Brongn eo aoedo Michinond...)  spt'eea.os | Panis, Oct. 8.—The St. Petersburg corre-
PEON... Ioan, 600,001 ; eiae aca : spondent of the Echo de Paris asserts that
ees the Czar has abandoned the intention of

pATHEN TOU, ARE 010K USE | “evens eile 4p been ee aes
8,7 Dewey & Gons Co., 13% Fulton Se eK: Buea via the tix ‘track, New Yorkvoeswureye

en

 

a ed