‘ THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair and somewhat colder to-day; rain to-
morrow or to-morrow night.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

  

———

\OL. LXXIX.—N

! i
MAYOR Emperar Threatened to Abdicate, but! | Sergeant Briton, U. 8. A. Fatally Wounds Great Shakespearian Discovery In
Hungarian Ministry Gave tn. f H AN AL i Two in Yellowstone Park. SHOT TICKET SELLER brary of the Earl of Dudley. |
TALKS SUBWAY Svecal Cable Despatch to Tan Sis Copy, Wyo., March 31.— As the result of | Special Cabla Despatch to Tue Sux. | IN THE ANTARCTIC
VIENNA, March 31. A sensation was a mutiny among the Government troops ciniinaiilaeltiadili LONbDON, March 81.—-A first folio Shake- |
pcreated here to-day by the announce. | ‘in Yellowstone National Park, Sergt. | speare was found to-day accidentally in

— SaaS SOS EE.
. 214,

 

oh

PRICE TWO CENTS.

NEW YORK, MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1912.—-convrion ime,

 

by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

on sous Foun CATT BEMAINS |

GAYNO

 

| !SHOOTS MUTINOUS SOLDIERS. | ONE MORE FIRST FOLIO.

| FRANCIS JOSEPH OFFENDED.

 

SeP_OFENDED. [RPA JURY 11 101 DEMANDED HIS CASH

 

jMent that Emperor Francis Joseph had

That Was With a Compromise Lays! Clarence Britton, in charge of the camp,/ Then, Frightened, Albany Boy Fled

Tells What's New and What's
Not in the Present
Situation,

NEW OFFER THE BEST

Brooklyn the Only Loser, and
That Ts Borough's Own
Fault.

AS TO CITY OPERATION

City Can Run Lines, but Question
Is. Has the Time Come
to Do So?

 

THAT 876 PER CENT. OURS|

 

tiffer Shows City Gets It—Necessary to |

Prefer Company's Bond Charges
-Vlan of New Systems.

 

Stivor Willtam J. Gaynor, whose faiil-
soiy with New York's rapid transit dimi-
vies dates from the time when he was

Supreme Court Justice in’ Brooklyn, |
prepared for Tith Sun a detailed
statement oof his views on a number
of points of the subway problem as it now

stands. The Board of Estimate has before |

+ proposal from the

Interborough

eevated lines which greatly exteris
ite present system, and this tege! her
woh dines to be apportioned to the Brooh-
yo Rapti Transit Company will give
four boroughs of New York a compre.
er system designed to mee! their

mediate needs. The Mayor disctisses

 

the Interborough plan, which probably
\ pass the Board of Estimate within!
eshort time, and speaks also of important

tters of a more general sort,

Mavor Gaynor gave up the whole of
silurday afternoon to dictating his state-
ment to his own stenographer, who went
iown to the Mayor's farm at St. Jaines,
L. 1., to get Vhie is what M:
aiid

Praise for Prendergast, MeAneny, Willcox. |

woof you ask me your questions

Lowill try answer them, imeluding the

lestions in mur answers for brevity

I ‘frst place I want to pay due

ite tony associates who hive worked
hard to bring about the subway settle-
rent. | should especially mention the}
mptrolier and Mr. McAneuy. Of course
could not emit Mr. Willeox and two

! bis assoctates, ‘hey have also done
a! they could to bring the matter to an
end. His other two associates did all they
covid to prevent it. Comptroller Prender-
gost, Borough President) McAneny and

threatened to abdicate unless his wishes

i transit Company for subway and |

Gaynor,

| in reference to army reform in Hungary
| were carried out
| acute crisis in Hungary for three weeks
jon this question, which involved among
out the reservists when necessary, The
Hungarians proposed to abrogate this
privilege,

The Emperor summoned Count Khuen-
| Hedervary, the Hungarian Premier, from
| Budapest on Friday. On learning that
jtue Count had failed to reconcile the
divergent views held by the members of
his Cabinet, the Emperor said to him:

“You know that I have always observed
the Constitution. IT have been on the
throne sixty-four years, for forty-five of
Which T have been the constitutional King
of Hungary, 2 have watched her rise
and growth with pleasure. She never
had a better friend than [, but now they
Want to attack my sovereign rights and
treat me with mistrust. If these resolu-
tions are not al andoned nothing remains
for me but to abdicate,”

lest deprecation of any such action, but
{the Emperor went on: “It is nota moment
| for sentimentality, I have reflected care-
fully and there are not any two ways.
The resolutions must be abandoned im-
mediately or otherwise it will bo too late.”

The Premier said he would summon a
| Cabinet council and foriiwith sent ames

sage by telephone calling the members!

together. The Ministers came to Vienna
and decided to drop the offensive propo-
sals

‘THREE POUND SHELL BURST.

Saiied Over a Roof and Maimed a Little
Glel Playing in Street.

While the children were swarming in
West Forty-ninth street between Ninth
and Tenth avenues about § o'clock last
night what is thought to have been a three
pound shell came sailing Gown over the
roof of 443 and when if struck the stree:
tt exploded

There was a game of ring
around-a-rosy going oon and
Chase, 7 years old. of 488, was struck
on the left arm end eut by a piece of the
exploded shell She was attended by a
doctor and carried home

The noise of the explosion and the
Whistling made by the flying fragments
p scattered all the children but attracted
werowd to the spot, su that a eall was sent
into the West Porty-ninth street police
station for the reserves to restore order.
|The neighborhood has had no bomb
jexplosions and the nerves of the residents
on the block unuceustomed to this
jnew kind of noise

A piece of the shell was found, the blunt
point of the projectile, about three inches
‘long and weithing ebout a pound. The
Detec-
jp tives are investigating the eourse of the
shell’s flighe
one of the sort that are sometimes hung
Up in batrooms, such as 4 sailor might
bring in) ‘This one had a war head on it
It may have been stolen by boys
threw it off the roof fur a joke

FIRE DRILL AT ART MUSEUM.

Marie

ate

rest of the (hong was scattered,

it is thought to have been

(airman Willeox bore the brant of the |

woole matter, They are entitled to the
edit. ‘They speat far more days and

son it than I did.
Have Not Been Jdle During Negotlations.
Has the city a sufficient
.eoginto build the subways? Not to build
toem all at once or within many years

e city had to build the subways on ita |

credit it would be a long job. The

TTOWING margin Is Very narrow,

i look at my message to the Board
i Aidernoen Jast January you will see
t gur 4 good many have been

amung, as though we have been
doi ghothiag in the way of building, Very
to know that we now have
“0 in subway contracts under way
etime that this negotiation has been
io We have been building subways
etow have $30,000,000 available for new
's. Over and above that it is very

ii to say what margin we have
demands on corporate stock for
o ty city purposes are so great that
! is eaten away constantly.
of the new court houses
a large sum, That is why I
s alW¥ayvs 80 anxious and so insistent
’ ionld get the companies to put
had of the capital for construction
* li teroorough company is to put in
ii for construction, namely  $56,-
‘ ind also $21,000,000 for equipment,
! n total of 77 000,000,
«ivi company, namely the B. R, T

Hding

 

ce bever offered to put up any money*

‘ay construction, I think I read
« of some after dinner offer,
paper offer, but as an actual fact
ive never offered to put up 4 dollar,
ay Which we are to construct
operation, namely through
Manhattan, to Fifty-nioth

city may have to pay for)

hope net. The company should
Coe to produce one-half of the money
sten the construction

Hider taw, Owns Subways Whoe

ever Pays.
any difference as to
of the subway whether the
mpany pute up part of the
luuid it? None whatever, Jt
IR oe under the statute, the rapid
; : ihat aét provides for every-
en though the company should
otoof the construction money it
own the subway. The liw
tit
d clear from the start, who-
the qaoney, Whether the

io make

ip all the money for construc. |
s company puts up all of it, or}
4) part, does not matter at all)

of ownership, ‘The city
owcer from the beginning in
NY oltse
retatute. ‘The company can
‘ound it cannot get a lease

one day tongereven though |

spatlof the capital, The
~toedby the statute
Cannot exceed fifty yeare
Ihe city can take It
This

Poae,

re ‘
tLe

i Veure iP oat wants to,

- wdon

hourth

borrowing |

Croker Is in Charge and
to Be Put in

Sprinklers Are
Basement.

Additional precautions against tire in
the Metropolitan Museum of Art have
been adopted since the arrival of thes

J.P. Morgan art collections from Eng-
land, though Supt. MWewitt of the mincenuin
said yesterday that these were not due
jsolely to the transfer from London to

‘There has been an’

; other things the Emperor's right to call |

Here the Premier interjected an earn- |

. r {on Friday night shot and fatally wounded

ing Tt to Statute of Limi ' Privates Frank Carroll and Frank C un-
tations. | ningham.

an The information reached Cody late last

‘night and this morning a physician and

 

 

7 TO 5 FLAT TO ACQUIT nurse left here in an attempt to traverse
setcttidirasécaamnees the seventy miles of mountain roads be-
tween Cody and the camp.
On First Three Ballots— Then Minority! ‘The trail has been closed since

Gave Way—New Trial Not
Expected.

November by the heavy snows and the
surgeon will be forced to fight his way
{throngh cations and over passes. The
‘ R information was brought twenty miles
| The jury in the sugar trial, which a0-| over the mountains by Britton himself to
nounced at 1:30 0'clock yesterday morning | Pahaska Lodge, Buffalo Bill's camp in the
afier thirteen hours deliberation that it | Rockies, whence it was telephoned to Cody,
could not agree, stood 11 to 1 for acquittal | Which isthe nearest railroad point at which
at its final vote. One of the jurors said |# Physician could be secured.

yeaterday that the proposition on whieh | The mutiny, according to Britton, arose
eC ye ate OEM bmn re Nell over au order concerning the sawing of
they were voting at that time was not] firawood, the two soldiers not only refus-
between giving the defendants “a clean | ing to obey orders but making an attack
billof heatth® and conviction, but between | on the sergeant.

 

 

 

a compromise verdict and conviction. tine aiteeuan aime see cere
1 : : : coe diers, celebrate noli ast ye J
The compromise verdict, which received shooting the knobs of the bresa bed-
the 11 votes according to this juror steads in Buffalo Bill's hotel in Cody,
woul? have been for acquittal on the/ after which he barricaded himself and
ground that the statute of limitations had | defied arrest for two days. At that time
intervened, The juror quoted said that \ he wasforced by hunger to surrender

he and several others of those Who voted

for this compromise verdict would not |

MAROONED IN TREE FOUR DAYS.
have consented to a verdict of acquittal | eet #

Without the statement of this reason, | Duck Hunter Surrounded by Flood Bee
According to information gleaned from | yond Reach of Ald.
Various jurors yesterday, the first ballot, | pfrpsoxr, Neb, March 31

 

 

 

taken shortly after the jury retired, was
7 to 5 for acquittal. One of the sjurors

@ave this as the division on the tirst bal-

lot: | last night.

For acquittal: Fred © Babb. foreman; | Priends in Fremont have made every
| Fred C. Bonny, Edward W. Gray, Charles | effort to reach him, but have not been
jA. Hunter, Hyman Kopperl, Samuel 1, | able to do so, His tree is at least two miles
)Gay and Anthony Stockhammer ifrom the present bunks of the Platte

For convietion- Robert Huntley, Pat- | River and until the flood subsides there
rick FP. Goff, Anton Korn, Jr., Albert Korn | js small prospect of rescuing him
and Fred Kopper, Jr. ! The river is a torrent filled with ice and

The second ballot was not taken until | debris and a boat cannot possibly live
after the return from luncheon and stood | in the stream, [t is not known if he has any
ihe same, as also did the third, taken some ! provisions with him and he may be com-
time afterward. There was no further! pelled to remain in the tree several days
jchange in the attitude of the jurymen : vet
until after the letters were sent for and! Friends with telescopes are keeping
obtained. After a study of the letters! constant watch over him, but are unable
three of those who had voted for convies! to communicate with him
tion on the earlier ballots made up their)  Scribbling last Thursday went to an
minds that the letters did not show bes! island in the Platte to hunt ducks. The
yond a reasonable doubt the continu- | ice broke up while he was there and before
ance of the alleged conspiracy beyond; he!p could reach him the flood had sur-
July 1, 1908, when the statute of limita- {rounded him
tions began to operate. A ballot was |

‘of water since

 

taken and the vote stood 10 to 2. The! AEROPLANE AS AMBULANCE.
two who still held out, one of the jurors! puicidp baal

said yesterday, were Patrick F. Goff) and tt Cures the Pattent Before We
and Albert Korn. In the arguments Reaches the Hospital.

that followed Korn wes won over, but

Yesterday for perhaps the first (line

rile i+ btine Pia sian ¢ ; -. Aen
not until a short time before the jurymen jsince the aeroplane has been used as a

} . en Vige . -
finally gave up the task of trying to agree. means of locomotion it was pressed Into

Goff still he i; out, the me ae fd od service as an ambulance. Olver B
y Bay tie ane ma ally}. : ;
iar say, mas ward the one man who finally | She rw ood had “a bad spill th the after-
” y ve ! ‘ .
UNE UP A vera |noon while he was making on exhibi-

Jurors in discussing the case vester- |

at the Nasauu Boulevard
The crowd that rushed

The crowd thet rushed out

lon filght
fo say that

Areodrome
taken was not sy sunple as the mere | ;
: : ' : ; Verourome
balloting might indicate Doubts were

day were careful the poste

tion

eee ; Phad been killed Iie was pulled out,
expressed whether the present defends |p wey r, only badly shaken up and
ants Were active principals in the matter | rather dazed George W. Beatty. who
of the Segal loan and doubts of the good) Wo, going stunts with his biplane,

ait seval i he esta i . t .
faith of Segal in the est ablishime nt of he | dropped near by and Sherwood, seeing
vlant which the trust acquired control |

, him, asked to be taken in ao hurry
vover by means of the loan. One or two of | over to’ the Nassuu Hospital, for he
the Jurors felt that with two men dead feared that he had suffered Internal ine
who might otherwise have been defend-| . °.
anta there was insufficient evidence | ?7'**:

Sherwood was helped into the plane
b

o “ “fe aw! e ine .
ayainst the defendant 10 remained enacatnrteden,

The twelfth man, who steadfastly re-
fused to vote for even the compromise
verdict of acquittal, insisted that if there!
Was no actual proof of the continuance

being thed in. The air

 

lin a treetop and surrounded by miles] tn downstairs.

lest Thursday Frank | did not follow him.
| Stribbling, a duek 1. iter, was discovered , Over to the ticket window tl

{
\

|
|

ot |

|

vay .
Ile was able to hold | and

From Cortlandt Street Ele-
vated Station.

 

BULLET IN DWYER'S . NECK

 

wel Robber, Chased by Crowd, Eludes Them

in Subway, but Nervousness
Retrays Him.

Adrian G. Dwyer, ticket seller on the
northbound station of the Sixth avenue

elevated road at Cortlandt and Church | pus, Onto, State prison.
streets, was shot in the neck
o'clock last night by a boy of 18 who went

at 10:30

to the station to rob him but whose nerve
failed after he fired the shot. Pistol in

hand, the boy ran up Broadway, down
into the Fulton street subway station, up

to Broadway again and to Pearl street

and Maiden lane, where he was caught by
Policeman Charles Gilson.

The ticket seller was standing at the

window in his little room counting the
day's receipta when he heard sewing
and loud words on the platfors.

He
looked up and saw a negro “who was

rhouting that he didn't want to be killed,

In front of the negro atood a boy with a
bine barrejled revolver aimed at the
pegro # chest.

As the astonished ticket seller peered

Marooned | from his window the negro turned and

The boy with the gun
Instead he walked

bis gun at Dwyer.

“Give me what money you've got,”
said the boy with the gun to Dwyer.

Dwyer kept his head. He said to the
boy: “There's only a few dollars here.
Give me time and I'll give it to you.”

“Never mind waiting,” said the boy.
“Let me have it right now.”

Dwyer fumbled in his cash drawer,
trying to figure out what he could do next.

STOLEN POEM FREED CONVICT.

the library of the Earl of Dudley at Witley | 4

 

Court

 

The Terra Nova Reaches New
Zealand Port Without
Explorer.

 

Ohio Prison Paper Says it First Used
Verses That Moved Texas Governor.

Fort Wortin, Texas, March 31.—
That Jake McKinney, formerly a con-
vict in the State prison at Rusk, Texas,
who was freed by Governor Colquitt,
because of a touching poem the con- |
viet was said to have written, stole
the poem, Is the assertion mede by the,
Newa, a paper published at the Colum- |

 

150 MILES FROM POLE

 

Latest News from the Land
Expedition Dated
Jan. 3.

 

McKinney was pardoned last Thanks-
aiving Day by Colquitt, who wept as
he read the stanzas entitled “Another
Chance.” The poem was published in}
the Rusk prison paper last November |
over McKinney's name, but the Ohio
paper says that it used the poem nearly
a year before. It was written by Leo}
Mitchell, an Ohlo convict, a gifted song |
and story writer. |

McKinney was serving a ten year:

sentence for manslaughter. He will not | NEWS COMES VIA AKAROA

be rearrested.

COMPANIONS WITH HIM

 

Purpose of the Adventurous Eng-
lishman Is to Complete Ob-
jects of Expedition.

 

 

 

— Party Will Winter in Southern Continent
NO ARBUCKLE WILL FOUND. to Be Ready for a Dash in

Next Open Season.
Future of Coffee Man's Big Estate in| se
Doubt—-Charities May Suffer.

John Arbuckle, who died on Wednes-
day, apparently did not leave a will, or
if he did, it can't be located. Although
a thorough search has been made, no
will has yet been found.

Dependent on the disposition of the

estate, which will amount to about $20,- | :
000,000, it is thought, is the upkeep of | °4t!y Monday morning and anchored.

several charities which Mr. Arbuckle| The Terra Nova did not bring in Capt.
supported during his life. He had no | Seott nor any member of the expedition,
children and his wife died two years | but fetched a brief message from tha
ago. | explorer sent by him to the base of sup-

The nearest relatives are Mrs. Robert | _).
Jamieson and Miss Christina Arbuckle, plies at ,MoMurdo Sound, to the effect

 

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Styx.
Lonpon, April 1.—The Daily Mail prints
a Central News despatch from Akaroa,
New Zealand, dated April 1, 9:20 A. M.,
which says that the Terra Nova, Capt.
R. F. Scott's Antarctic ship, arrived there

fhe robber made up his mind that he} sisters, and Mrs. Jamieson's children, | that he would continue another winter
wasn't going to get the money and he! There are several nephews, including ; In the Antaretic and endeavor to oom-
fired through the open window. Dwyer) William Jamieson Arbuckle, who has} plete his work. ‘

tried to dodge and the movement prob-
ably saved his life

The bullet entered the right side of his
neck and stayed there. Dwver tumbled
to the floor but did not become uncon-
scious. He pried the lead from his neck
with his own fingers and handed it to
Policeman Walter Faure, who came
panting up the stairs after hearing the
shot.

The prisoner at the station house said
he was Frank White and that he came
from Albany a week ago and was without
work. He said he was sorry he shot
Dwyer

Patrick J. Woods, the ticket chopper,
said he saw the ian stop as though -he
Was going to buy a ticket, and then heard |
the words, “Come over with all you've

| paleontological discoveries in Utah, the’

a large part in the management of |

Arbuckle Bros. At his house last night ; ‘
ceived from Capt. Scott at t toral bas
it was said that the search for the will Ho Ph SUOE 6 tie Nieares eee

has so far been unsuccessful. was that on January 3 he was 150 miles
Among the charities supported by Mr, | {fom the south pole and advancing.

Arbuckle are floating lodging houses for| Capt.. Scott is quoted as sending out

working men and women and a farm] a message in the following terms:

for aged men and women, near New “I am remaining in the Antarctic for

Paltz, N. Y. | another winter in order to continue and
complete my work.”

BIG NEW QUARRY OF FOSSILS. | A despatch from Wellington, New Zea-

i. ; . land's capital, says that the Terra™Novn
Comegio Museum res Spot Where with Scott's expedition had arrived in
Monsters Lay Down to Die. Akaroa Harbor, but this is considered
PrrtssurG, March 31.-—Dr. W. J. Hol-|a misreading of the despatches sent
land, director of the Carnegie Institute | there from Christchurch, the large cit:
Museum, haa received news of new! near Akaroa.

The message from Scott is regarde:

Apart from this message the latest re-

 

richness of which amazes him.

got Thereat White pulled a long re- | richn : as showing that he travelled much slowe:

volver from his pocket and poked it | This quarry, which has always been than Lieut. Sir Ernest Shackleton and that

ihrough the window over the change ; Under the supervision of Dr. Hollind, is, he must have encountered unexpected

slot, which was open. {Hine miles north of Jansen. The bone difficulties. The opinion is expressed
“Go ‘long and stow your joking,” said level now reached is the bed of an old that his ponies were a failure.

Dwyer j river where cobble stones and mussel Roald Amundsen reached the south
“This ain't no joke; lets have the | shells abound in the sand, | pole on December 14. This is just twenty

money," returned the other, Then Woods | It would seem that the mammoth days ahead of the last new. irom Scott,

walked toward the window, and White |
seeing him said: |

“You keep out of this | have enough |
for you both.’

Then White fired, the ballet entering
Dwyer's right cheek. White at once turned
jumped down Woods |

the stairs

to the narrow passenger seat without) said he wes after him, yelling for the police |
ambulance | joudiy,
j hadn't gone far before the patlent be- | yey

The chase led up one block to
street, where White turned east

|WETS WIN WHILE DRYS SLEEP.

animals had Jain down in the river and’ when he was still 150 miles from the goal
that some flood had blanketed them with | ‘The lack of definite news as to wheth>:
stones and sand, | Capt. Scott finally reached the pole o:
| not is explained by the assumption (ha!
if he did he could not get the news &
| the base before the freezing of Ross Se.
Maryland House Tables Locat Option | obliged the Terra Nova to sail away.
Bill at 1:30 A. M. Sunday. Scott's decision to remain another
ANNAPonis, Md., March 31.—There was | Witter inthe Antarctic is received without

 

 

—

of the criminal intent past July 1,
4t least there was no evidence of a change
of heart and that he was convineed that.
the intent continued

District Attorney Wise does not know

‘this country of the very valiable Morgan
| collections of art objects The fire havard
jin the museum is believed to very
jlow, but it is desired to provide against
hevery possible contingency of damage

ties

1906, |

gan to revive, and when they reached | and ran as far as Broadway. By that time
the hospital he couldn't see any reason |ihere waa a good sized crowd behind
,for being placed under the care of 4 him
j doctor, He told Beatty that he had!on Broadway to the subway entrance.
changed his mind about internal in- ) Woods left the chase to go back and look
Juries, bit had enjoyed his ride e,\ er latter Dwyer.

He ran among the few pedestrians |

It is owned by the}

With |

to the many valuable collections in the
group of buildings

| Ie was deemed best to overlool no op-
{portunity for safeguarding one of the
| most important museuins in the world,
} and for the last month Edward F. Croker,
'ex-chief of the Fire) Department, has
jbeen drilling the 200) employees in the
work of lire prevention and extinguish-
ment, In addition to this the museum is
going to install a sprinkler system in the
| basement,

Park Commissioner Stover on April 11
will open bids for the installation of the
jeystem, The contractors will have five
; months in which to do the work and will
| give an $8,000 bond,

TRIAL DAY FOR HYDE.

lm ts Expected That He Will Be in Court
After All the Clash of Writs.

 

The | : :
The trial of ex-City Chamberlain Charlee |

morning before Justice Vernon M, Davis
jin the Criminal Branch of the Supreme
Court. Although Max 1D. Steuer said on
Saturday that he would not produce his
jclient exeept return of the writ of
{habeas corpus before Justice Woodward
jot Brooklyn, there i# reason to believe
\that Mr. Hyde will be in court, There
‘js said to have been a sort of gentlemen's
/ agreement over in Brool lyn on Saturday
when Justice Woodward, Mr. Ryde, Mr
Srener and District Attorney Whitman
were present, by which Hyde was to ap-
pear when his case is called this morning.
What will happen after that is another
question, : :
District Attorney Whitman said last
night that, he would go into court this
morning and answer ready for the prosecu-
tion, It then will be left to Justice Davis
to decide whether the trial shall go on
for not. The only things at present in
sight to delay it are the writ of habeas
corpus and the writ of prohibition staying
proceedings under the first writ. Inas
much as the APpallate Division granted
\the writ of prohibition on the ground
(that a Supreine Court Justice in another
‘county has no right to issue the writ of
habeas corpus while the Supreme Court
in the county in which the action is

 

on

|
i
!

court will not wait for the disposition
of the Brooklyn writ, a matter which
[has been postponed until after the Ap-
pellate Division's writ is disposed of
{toemorrow, That, however, will) be
the hands of Justice Davis

District Attorney Whitman expla) ned
yesterday that he could not do otherwise

than be present and ready for the trial |

of the case when it is called this morning,
for the trial has been set for to-day and
lif the prosecution did not present irself
there might be a question whether there
was anything to prevent the defence
from asking that the indictinent be dis-
missed on the ground of no prosecution.

 

|H. Hyde for bribery will be called this |

brought is sitting it is possible the trial!

in|

yet Whether the gase will be tried again or
not, and won't know until he has conferred
with Attorney-General = Wickersham,
which he will do within a week or ten days.
Lawyers doubt if there will be another
| trial.

| De Lancey Nicoll of the counse! for the
, defendants issued this statement last

|
|
ough an Uselute sequittal Was] A, Bryer, who, It
eontidentl: expected, the result is, on the will marry Mrs
to the defendants,

so much. So Veatty circled over thy
horepital and returned tio the aerodrome.

WANTS LAW TO WEDSON’S WIDOW

Flance of Daughtereln-law Will Lobby for
Enabling Act in New Hampshire.

night: Sanpwicn, N. H., March 31.-—Frank

Vithou has been announced,
| ; ei Katherine Kryer of
ey Tret SSuNreeNOrS 4 : i the pe. | Delmont, Mass, his daughter-in-law,
aos! is ciavernment, with ll the 0- | Aectaped’ torday’ thet singe, the New
Ja gzeslous and vigorous prosecution in- Hampshire statutes thoughtlessiy neg-
volying « three weels trial, to persuade] lected to enable him legally to marry

; Only one juror of the

it is evident

the young woman he would petition the
Legislature to make it possible for two
generations of the Bryer family to
marry the same woman,

justice of its cause,

that the rested on «a
very slim foundation

| The rulings of

Pimoereaver, deorive

charge

the presiding Judge,
dus of our principal de-

> : ‘ 1 :
‘fence, The indictinent was based upon Bryer Is a man of means und con
the theory af a corrupt consplraey to siderable influence, He has been a Rep-
Violate the Sherman law between 1905] resentative In the Legislature for three
and 1908, At that the and for years | terms, and saye that inasmuch as he

the Committee on Rail-
he knows the ropes well enough

has served on
roads

‘afters
the

wuld this statute,

Sujpreine Court of the

interpreted by
United States,

   

 

jpermitted the aequisition of competing re- | tO Bet his Cupid legislation by.

ari 4 a rise BAbaHi in a Ttaeabata In an interview Mr, Bryer sald: "If it
‘ vice petardiess of the motive which] is not legal for a man to marry his
hod vompted thei gequisition. in this! daughter-in-law in) New Hampshire,
pease the defendants, by ineans of a loan. | ¢ don't think 1 will have any trouble

 
 

 

 

Pobtutned therely the tomporary control : a 4
of heer Whieh Was net and which getting jhe mises ure i eee 7 bill |
pever bad been engaged in commerce at | be € egal, Mrs, : ® no
Pall and which Was net even prepared to, blood relation of mine,
Wiapiutustyre auael ‘ Seen

The defendants offered to show that
they bud no consciousness of guilt) and DARROW APPEALS FOR AID.

no jntention to Violate the law, becauage by
the law as Tt was then generally under |
stood and as it had been Interpreted by | Thinks Friends of Labor Cause Should

the Supreme Court. what they did was .
entipely lawful. This was refused ulthough | Help Finance His Defence.

 

 

 

eee Wad (been expressly held du) Los ANGhLES, March $1.--Clarence Dar-
Mr. Parsons wae not even permitted | row, the Chicago attorney, under indict-

te say that he balleved that the sranaac- ment here charged with bribery in con-

tlon was not forbidden dy we law as itt ; Lt aU Oa ita

then stood or to explaln bis seasons for nection with the Mc Namara cane, has ap-

such hediet, | pealed to his friends in Chicago to assist

Under these clroumstances, our prinelpal him financially

defenoe being excluded, we cannot but in

regard the disagreement of the jury, with Karl Rogers, Darrow’s lawver, made
but one of ft# members holding an un-} the following statement io-day after
+ i . View us ¢ P ‘ ? ‘a- ‘ ‘ :

(erento eas ae Ae ERO Se indica} consulting with his client

"Mr. Darrow authorizes me to say that

| jterm, although he has been a poor man
, Obie Man WIL Present the President's | all his life and never has made the acqui-
ls nt Gulsnan, sition of money an ambition or tried to
lalms at Chicngo wet rich, He reqntde the tight upon him
Cour Mat Ohio, Mareh 8!.--Mollow being certain himself of his innocence
Ink abheincement off fis withdrawal as| as @ part of the war upon the cause to
a candidate Govanhor ut which he has devoted his life

fecame known to-day that Warren
Harding has becn aekhed to present
President Taft's name to the Chieago
convention and that he has consented,
Harding Is a close friend of the Prest-

tor bee |
G-\omartyr to the cause,’ he believes he is
accused because of his prominence as a
defender of labor,
| expensive, because of the vast amount

(of money being used against him. On

dent, When Mr Harding ran for Goy-| account of that fact and since he is at-
ernor ji 14lO the President sent two | tacked more because he representa gome-
members of his Cabinet dato Cee Slate

thing than because he has done anything,
he has taken the position that he whould
be aided financially to make his defence
He has said as much to certain friends in
Chicago who ought to be interested,”

to ald his candidaes fle is a speaker
efability and Oblo Republloans say that
jhe in Well fitted to present President
Taft's name,

|
|
|
|

|

 

|
'

| Was the gun with three remaining loads,

'
|
|

| pute :
{MISS BROWN KILLS HERSELF. ;

|
|
|

IS TO NAME TAFT. | he is not ‘broke’ in the slang sense of the |

“While in no sense claiming to be a!

His defence will be |

!

None of the crowd followed White into
the tube. He bought a ticket, and then
walked south to the Dey street entrance
There he went out through the gate to
the surface and started walking south. |
At the corner of Cortlandt street Police- |
man Charles Gilson who was about to
report for duty, noticed him because of
his peculiar manner. Stiltson said White
seemed nervous and was continually
looking behind him

On general principles Gilson went after |
the man. White again took to his heels |
and headed down Maiden lane. He

wasn't caught till he reached Pearl street.
He did not resist arrest. In his pocket |

 

and in his pocket there were sixteen shells

and a large knife. |

Dwyer was taken to the Hudson street |g yioious attack by sluggers, scores of

hospital. He is not badly hurt. He said

much excitement in the House at 1:39 92¥ Surprise. By some of his friends ths
o'clock this morning when the wets! Opinion is hazarded that possibly ha is
outgeneralled the drys and killed the) ''¥ing to cross the ice barrier to the oppo-

site side of the continent

The Times prints a Ictter from Sir
Clement Robert Markham, president of
the Royal Geographical Society, point-

; local option bill.

The measure, emasculated in the Senate, |
came back to the House for final action,
Tt was late and most of the dry delegates

had gone to bed.

Ordinarily when a House bill amended
jin the Senate is returned the lower body
{is called upon to concur or refuse to concur

in the amendments.
With the local option bill a shorter eut

was taken, and the whole question was

tabled.

The wake which the wets held over the
corpse Was ah orgy.
local option screamed with delight and
city delegates burst into song

NEW MURDER IN ROCK ISLAND.

Disorder Follows
Saloons Despite Troops.
Rock Istanp, March 41.--One murder,

 

 

Much

fights and eighty men arrested was the

Reopening of

Exuberant foes of |

|

he had bet ween $500 and $600 in his drawer! record of the first day of open saloons 1

including cash and tickets. He lives at
1778 Madison avenue and is not married,

Mrs. Vail's Companion Had Just Quare

relled With a Young Man. |

Miss Madeline Brown, 30 years old,
a companton for Mra. M. M. Vail whoi
lives In the Harold Court apartments at
Broadway and 102d) street, committed
sulelde lust night in the bathroom of
the Vail apartments on the seventh floor
by taking gas.

Hulda kWoskinin, a maid for Mrs. Vail,
cam: home at 11:30 o'clock and smelled
was, Which she traced to the bathroom,
‘The door was fastened and she went
downastalrs and got the janitor, Axel
Mork, who came up and broke in the
door, On the tloor, with her head reat-
ing on a pillow, lay Miss Brown, dead.
A ges tube leading from a chandelier
was In her mouth,

According to the elevator boy In the
Llarold Court Miss Brown came home
about 8:30 o'clock last night with al
voung man. They stopped in the hall |
Way and seemed to be having a quar- |
rel, becuase though their words were
subdued, they were rapid and excited,
Finally the man Jeft and Miss Brown
sald good night to the elevator boy
and went into her apartments, |

Mrs. Vatl went out of town vester-
day morning, The police notified Miss
Brown's sister, who came with her
mother to the Harold. They refused
to discuss the case, except that the sis-
ter sald she had no idea why Miss
Brown should have killed herself, |

They tnquired of the elevator lay if
he had ever seen the young man who
cume in with Miss brown before, “7

 

boy said he had not,

at Rock Island since the militia closed
them after the fatal rioting of last Tues-
ay

The dead man is Rufus Phanix, who
was shot and his body thrown into an
alley. The sluggers say he was shot by
soldiers and the commanding officer of
the State troops says his men have not

ing wut that Capt. Scott's main object
Was to complete the work he began
on his former expedition, pole hunting
being only one part of it.

Capt, Scott intended to be at the pole
at the best time for observations by the
theodolite, namely in midsummer, He
says there is no doubt that Capt. Scott
had no idea of racing or conquering,
but of valuable research in every branch
of selence. If before he started out
Capt. Seott had known of Amundsen’s
schemes his own plans would not have
heen affeeted in the slightest.

WHERE THE SHIP CAME IN.

Akaroa Is a Town With a Good Harbor
on the Southeast Coast of South Island.

Akaroa is a town with a fine harbor
on the south side of Banks Veninsula,
in the provinee of Canterbury, South
Ts] ad, New Zealand, It is on the eagt-
ern side of the island and about fifty

{mil-s from Christchurch, the capital of

fired a shot since they assumed charge |

of the city.

 

FIRE ON NEW FRENCH LINER.

5,000 Tons of Coal in Her Bunkers, Burn-
ing, Gives Crew Hard Fight.
Special Cable Despatch to Tin Sr

Sv. NAZAIRE, March $1.—Fire broke
out to-night In the bunkers of the new
Transatlantic company's liner’ France,
which were filled to their capacity of
5,000 tonsa,

 

{
!
’
|
|
|

|

The blaze was extinguished with con- ,

siderable
ment.

dimficulty amid great

BOTTLED GAS FOR HOME USE.

Pittsburg Chemist Puts Month's Supply
Into Small Steel Container.

PirrsBuri, March $1,—Camping
parties and bungalow residents will soon
be able to have lighting plants of their
own. Dr. Walter O, Snelling, consulting
chemist of the bureau of mines and of
the Panama Canal Commission, now
doing laboratory work in the testing

 

of which a hittle steel bottle will

enough to light a house for a month
Snelling putes 2.000 cubic feet of pas inte

a steel container four feet high and nix |

|

uiches in diameter,

excite. |

| Station here, has developed a liquid gas |
carry |

the province, li is geographically sit-
uated In south latitude 44 degrees, longi-
tude about 173 degrees east,

The population of Akaroa probably
doe not number more than 1,000 and
ti.» village preserves the French tradi-
ion of Its founders. Telegraph factii-
Ues along the coast Hne are ample and
chor: is nothing to hinder the speedy
communication of the news to Chrisi-
church and thence by land and cae
relays to the outer world.

IS SUCCEEDING, SAYS FIALA.

Arctle Explorer Thinks Scott
Careful SelentiNe Data.

Anthony Fiala, the Aretic explorer,
who with his party were rescucd by the
Terra Nova, Scott's present vessel, oa
the shores of Franz Josef's Land after
his own boat had gone to the bottom,
expressed the opinion last night thot
Scott's efforts were proving successful,

“His boat Is a large one,” Flala sald,
“and his party big enough to split up
with convenience, T take tt that he ia
sending most of them back, retaining
only his last supporting party with
which to go on to the finish, He doubt-
less intends to stay long enough to
make the careful observations without
which the mere diaeavery is of no great
edvantage, The tendeney  newoadays
among sctentifie explorers ip to ao slow
in matters and to get all thelr
data thoroughly in hand before claims.

Is Afior

  

—— assis 5s mr aees mee pecghssers ait saree == ” eens ee
a A SSS
a ——— = ~omoes a