——
VOL, LXXVIL~—NO, 164,

(URES KNOX'S INBLIGIBILITY

pILL REDUCING SECRETARY oO
STATE'S SALARY TO 88,000.

F

Lesat WAghts of Congress Decided it
Was the Only Way to Make Mr. Knex
secretary of State Before 1911,
When His Term as Senator Expires,

WasHINGTON, Feb. 10.—Just before the
Senate adjourned thia evening Senator
Hale, acting chairman of the Appropria-
tions Committee, introduced a bill to
reduce the salary of the Secretary of
State from $12,000 to $8,000 a year. This
action was the outoome of several hours
of consideration by the Senate leaders
of the point raised that Senator Philander
C. Knox of Pennsylvania would be in-
eligible for appointment to the office of
Secretary of State in Mr. Taft's Cabinet
for two years from Maroh 4 because the
Federal Constitution provides that “no
Senator or Representative shall, during
the time for which he was elected, be ap-
pointed to any civil office under the au-
thority of the United States which shall
have been created or the emoluments
whereof shall have been inoreased during |

showed that the Hale bill was entire!
acceptable to Democratic Senators.

It is the view of the Senate leaders
on both sides of the chamber that the
Hale bill provides a strictly legal and
equitable solution of the difficulty, The
point is made that the proposed action
is not a measure for ciroumventing a pro-
vision of the Constitution, but simply of
amending an act of Congreas. It is beld
that there is nothing in thie bill which
can be regarded as an unfair means of
defeating a constitutional provision and
that no violence is done to the meaning
and intent of the framers of the Consti-
tution. Lawyers in the Senate who looked
up the matter rather hurriedly to-day
expreased the opinion that the framera
of the Constitution intended in the first
instance to provide against salary abuees
which might otherwise arise from the
rapid expansion of the new Government.
at a time when the lawmaking body was
numerically smal! and the number of
officeholders and prospective officeholders
was limited to a comparatively few men,
liable to transfer at any time from the
legislative to the executive branch.

It was brought out also in disoussions
among the leaders to-day that the Seore-
tary of State under the Taft Administra-
tion has not yet been appointed and that
in case the bill introduced by Senator
Hale becomes a law the new President
aimply will have to consider whether or
not the salary of the head of the State

y

* 7 “eo;
gush time he wae for which he (Mr. Department has been increased during
Knox) was elected” will not expire until | Mr, Knox's term in Congress. It will be |
March 4, 1911, The emoluments of the) found if the bil is passed that the salary |
office of Secretary of State were increased | is the same as it was formerly, and the |

‘TART AND PARTY

|
|\CRUISERS DROP ANCHOR OFF
SOUTH PASS FOR THE NIGHT,

Birmingham Will Carry Party to New Or-

leans To-day—Ships Report Rough
| Weather, but Little Incenvenience
| ~-Knox Case Up to Taft by Wireless,

New Or.Leans, Feb. 10.—The cruisers
North Carolina and Montana, bearing
President-elect Taft, Col. Goethals and
| party, dropped anchor off South Pass a
few minutes after 7 o'clock to-night.

The party will transfer to the lighthouse
tender Magnolia at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning and from that vessel will be
transferred to the scout cruiser Birming-
ham and proceed up the river to New
Orleans, arriving off Canal street about 2
lebpenont
\

Advices from the warships indicate |

{that they went through a pretty severe
| storm yesterday, but both vessels rode it
| splendidly and without much discomfort
| to those on board.

The first message from the North Caro-
lina came at 9 o'clock this morning, when
| she was 250 miles out, and stated that she
would reach the bar at 10 o'clock to-night.
Throughout the day the cruiser Birming-
ham kept in touch with the North Caro-
lina and the wireless operators on both

SAFE HOME

NO ANTI-JAPANESE BILLS.

—

Washington Legisiature Votes Not to
Censider Any Sach Measures,

Seatrie, Wash., Feb, 10,—A telegram
from Secretary of State Robert Bacon
to acting Governor Hay of this State to-
day precipitated the Oriental race issue
in the State Legislature,
was enlivened by a defence of the Orientals
by Representative Bishop, a legislator
of Indian blood.

Mr. Bacon in his telegram said the State
Department had received a cable message
|from Japan, saying that the State of
Washington had a bill under consideration
providing that all Japanese who visit the
Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Fair must give
bonds to return to Japan at the close of
the exposition. Gay, Hay sent the tele-
gram to the Legislature with a request
| for the facta.

Although no such: bill had been under
consideration the fireworks that followed
brought up House Bill
| unnaturalized foreigners from employ-
-ment on public works, a measure which
the author admitted in the heat of dis-
cussion was aimed at the Japanese.

 

as he denounced House bill 130. He

The discussion |

130, exoluding |

Bishop's speech was a burst of oratory |

| ANTE-JAPANESB BILL KILLED!

CALIFORNIA HOUSE RECONSID-
ERS AND DEFEATS MEASURE,

Margin Small Because of Resentment
| Against HKeosevelt's Tone Toward
Members—Pian to Ask Congress fer
Exclusion of Asiatics Not Dropped,

SACRAMENTO, Feb, 10.—After one of
the stormiest debates ever known at the
State Capitol the Assembly late this after-
noon, by a very close vote, decided to
reconsider Grove Johnson's bill pro-
viding for segregating Japanese pupils
in public schools and then killed the bill.

This was accomplished largely through
the influence of Goy. Gillett and Speaker
Stanton of the Assembly, who had called
all influential members into conference
and labored to convince them that the
| passage of any anti-dapaness bill at this
time would result in prejudicing the
whole country against California and
| might even lead to the revocation of the
| eageasion law against the Chinese.

The vote to reconsider Johnson's bill
was 43 to #4, and the final vote on the
passage of the bill was 41 noes to 37 ayes.
This strong support for the bill was

| due mainiy to resentment against Presi-

| was an American, he said, for his mother | dent Roosevelt's interference in State

during Mr. Knox's present term from
$8,090 to $12,000 a year.

When the legal lights of Congress read
in the newspapers to-day that the point
against Mr. Knox's eligibility had been

raised they put their heads together | dent-elect Taft does not care to have the!

to determine what should be done to let |
Mr. Taft carry out his desire to have Mr. |
Knox at the head of hia Cabinet. From
the outset there was not a dissenting voice
to the contention that Mr. Knox was
ineligible for service as Secretary of
State. The constitutional provision was
clear and explicit. The increase made
in the salary of that office during Mr.
Knox's present term as Senator would
he a bar to his appointment to a Cabinet

position until the end of the time for which | C- Spooner of New York, formerly Senator |

he was elected to the Senate unless some |
means were found of overcoming the!
ciffeulty through legislative action. It
was agreed that the resignation of Mr.
Knox from the Senate would not obviate
the difficulty, but the legal lights were

just as unanimous in the opinion that | Knox will be the next Secro‘ery of St te. -

Mr. Knox would be constitutionally eli- |
sible for appointment to the office of |
secretary of State after March 4, 1911 |
While the Senate leadera did not ove--
oo the humorous features of their own |
forgetfulneas of the constitutions!
quirements which applied to M-
‘ase they reajized the seriousness of the
rit.ation and were quick to ece that no
time should be lost in endeevoving to
overcome.the objection to Mr. Kndé®'s »p-
pointment to the Cabinet. They conferrcod

among themselves and with the House |

leaders and ultimately decided thet the
only way to make Mr. Knox Secretery
of State before March 4, 1u11, was to ro- |
peal the law raising the ae cry of that

office to $12,000 a year, thus roatoring i

to the old figure, $8,009, which wi the

salary paid to Cabinet offices before

the present term of Mr. Knox in the Sen-

ste was begun. So the repea! bil wre

prepared and was introduced by Senator
Hale. It was referred to the Committee |
on the Judiciary, whose chairmen, Sena-

tor Clark of Wyoming, immedia‘e!y 02 Jed
A meeting of the committes for to-mor- |
row morning to consider the mesure

Hey teat of the bill presented by Mr. Ha‘e
ol owes

In relation to the salary of the Secretary
ef Star

bev! er

e.pr

acted by the Senate and louse of
fatives of the United States of
i in Congress assembled. that sev -
4,0f the act entitled “An act making |

\
tior

new President will then encounter no bar- | ®hiPs and at the naval station were kept

rier to the appointment of the man he de-
sires to take the State portfolio.

The programme laid out by the Senate
leaders to-day will never be carried out,
of course, if it should appear thet Presi-

constitutional barrier overcome by this
measure. There is good reason to believe
that telegrams passed to-night between
Washington and New Orleans, where Mr.
Taft has just“arrived from Panam, and
that the proposed solution of the difficulty
has his cordial approval and support.
Some people are discussing already the
selection of another man as Seoretary of
State in Mr, Taft's Cabinet. The name
most commonly mentioned is that of John

from Wisconsin, Mr. Spooner is repre-
sented to have said that the only Cabinet
office which he would accept would be that
of Secretary of State. Thia talk about
Mr. Spooner appears useless in the light
of the generc| understanding thai Mr.

TAFT’S SECRETARY OF WAR.
\ ~

Jonn VM. Dickinsen ef Tennessee, an Fx.
Confederate, Chosen,

| pretty busy all day.

The discovery of Senator Knox's ineli-
gibility for the Cabinet is probably one
of the reasons why two bushel baskets
full of telegrama were received here to-
day for Mr Taft. Acting on orders from
| Washington a large number of these
‘telegrams were taken over to the naval
|} station thia afternoon, where they were
| ransmitted to Mr. Taft by wireless.

Another unexpected; development is
the fact that Frank H. Hitchcock, pros-
| pective Postmaster-General in Mr. Taft's
Cabinet, is to agrive to-morrow morning,
accompanied by A. P. Upham. Mr.
Hitchcock is probably coming to consult
his chief in regard to the lateét Cabinet
developments. He will attend the ban-
quet Friday night and accompany Mr.
| Taft when he goes Fast Saturday morning.

All the arrangements for the reception
to Mr. Taft have been perfected. A
synopsis of this programme was sent to
Mr. Taft by wireless for his approval and
his reply was that he was in the hands of
the committee.

Immediately on his arrival a parade
will be formed, comprising many civic
and military organizations, with about
2,000 men in line which after going through

!

re- |
Knox's |

WasHinayon, Feb, 10.—The " inder- | the principal streets will stop at the City
| sianding is pretty general among public | Hall, where Mayor Behrman will extend
wen in a position to know that Jacob | the official welcome and Mr. Taft will
| MeCayoc% Dickinson of Tennessee, who! make a short public address. He will
; ueed io be a Democrat and who served in | then be driven to his hotel, where he will
| the Confederate army, will become Secre- | remain quietly until 9 o'clock, when he
jiary of War in the Cabinet of President | aud Mrs. Taft and the entire party will be
Taft. Mr. Dickinson saintaine his jegal | taken to the carnival ball of the Elves of
residence at Nashville and owns the Oberon °

| famous Bello Meade Stock Farm nedr that
| city, but hespends a great deal of time in | Will be taken to the baseball park, where

Friday morning at 10 o'clock Mr. Taft ,

Chicago in pursuance of his duties as
eneral counsel of the Iinois Central
Heslroad, He is distinguished in the
weal profession, and (wo years ago he
was elected president of the American
Bar Assoriation to succeed Alton B
Parker
Me.
Miss

Dickinson was bern in Columbus,
At 14 he enlisted in the Confed-
erete ariny, Since the wer most of his
life hes been spent in Tennessee. He
wos graduated from the University of
Nashville ard studied law at Columbia
College, New York, in Paris and at the
Universiiy of Leipsic. His father was
® member of the secession converjion,
held in Delawere. He is described os

Clevelend Democrat who supported
cod voted for Mr. Taft. By special
pertaisasion he served on more thar ore

Fopropriations for the executive, legisia- | occasion on the Supreme bench of Ten-

the negro citizens will extend a greeting

‘and he will make a short address. He
will then be taken to the country club
' for a golf game, and during the afternooa
‘will partake of luncheon given in honor
of Mes. Taft at the club.

On Friday night the banquet will take
place, 500 prominent citizens, including
the Governors of Louisiana and Missis-
sippi and presidents of the commercial
organizations from all over the South
participating. Cardinal Gibbons will de-
liver the invocation Addresses will be

| made by the Mayor, the Governor and
; Mr. Taft, and Congressman 8, L, Gilmore
‘will deliver a brief oration on Abraham
Lincoln. The benediction will be pro-
nounced by the Rey. H, EF Gilchrist of
} the Unitarian church,

Gov. Haskell of Oklahoma, in writing

‘his regret at not being able to attend,

ia a native Indian, and the action pro-
‘posed is un-American.

“The real intent of this measure is to
bar Japanese,” he said, “which is dis-
|criminating legislation. Every member
' knows that it is against the Federal laws
to naturalize Japanese. Why do you not
‘say what you mean and stop pandering
| to some class from which you expect to
profit at some future political day?”
| The House at the conclusion of the dis-
}cussion adopted a resolution declaring
j that any bill having the object indicated
jin Secretary Bacon's telegram should
|indefinitely be postponed, and also that
no discriminatory legisiation, directed
particularly at the Japanese, should be
adopted or considered.

'

SUFFRAGETTE CAVALRY NOW,
Plan to Ride Dewn Parliament's Defend.
ers--Also to Kidnap a Minister.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,

Lonpon, Feb. 10.—The militant suf-
| fragettes, who have already threatened
[new terrom if the King's speech at the
opening of Parliament on February 16
does not satisfy their aims, now talk of
“meeting force with force.” They have
organized a gathering on February 24
| at Caxton Hall, whence, if the Government
is not conformable, they will again at-
tempt to raid the House of Commons.

They profeas to expect that soldiers
will be called out to stem their rush and

|consequently they are training Ama-
em down. Qne

lronian cavalry to ride th
of the leaders says

“We have more than fifty young women

horsemanship. A number

of them are already accomplished riders.
We intend to detach them from our foot
regiment to meet the soldiers.”

The executive committee has
considering the possibility of kidnapping
a member of the Cabinet, either Prime
Minister Asquith, Jonn Burns, president
of the Local Government Board, or
Winston Churchill, president of the Board
‘of Trade, but this plan has been aban-
doned as impracticable, at any rate for
the present.

 

 

| practising

NIGHT SCHOOLS IN) SUMMER.

One of Superintendent Maxwell's Recom-

mendations Wants Hygiene Department,

City Superintendent Maxwell suggested

| in his annual report to the Board of Edu-

affairs, Not only Assemblyman John-
son, but many members who were luke-
warm in favor of his bill, were wrought

TrunsDaT, Fesrvanr 11, 1000,

Fair and colder to-day; brisk westerly winds;
fair to-morrow.

OLITE, SAYS WHITRIDGE

rd Avenue Conductors, Fven to
Discourteous Passengers.

‘In a letter sent out yesterday to the
employees of the Third Avenue Railroad
Company Frederick W. Whitridge, the

| receiver, urged the conductors of the line
to be kind to passengers.

“I hope you will do everything in your
power to make the service of the Third
avenue lines popular with the people,”
| wrote Mr. Whitridge, “and that you will
show to the public more patience, polite-
nessa and consideration than the people
show to you. Courtesy costs nothing,
and you must remember that we are all
alike servants of the public.”

The advice was contained in a commu-
nication to the men regarding,the fund
jof the employees’ benevolent askociation.
to which, Mr. Whitridge wrote, the com-
pany is willing to add a dollar for every
dollar raised by the men.

MAY NOT GET $100,000 SALARY.

House Declines to Inerease President's
Pay te That Amount,

Wasuinaton, Feb, 10.—After all the
salary of the President of the United
States may not be raised to $100,000, the
House having declined to accept the
amendment inserted in the legislative,
executive and judicial appropriation bill,
in which the President's salary and the
salaries of the Vice-President and United
States Judges were advanced. The bill
was referred to conferees appointed by
both houses.

Senator Warren, for the conferees on

BE P
To Thi

the part of the Senate, reported to-day

been |

up over the lecturing tone which the Presi-
dent adopted in his telegrams to Gov.
Gillett and to Speaker Stanton, They

| took the ground that the President should
have adopted a more conciliatory tone
and not have addressed the Legislature
like an angry schoolmaster reproving

| bad boys.

This morning Speaker Stanton, Drew
of Fresno and Transue of Los Angeles
called Assemblyman Grove Johnson into
conference and tried to convince him
that he should withdraw his bill. Johnson
was obdurate and not only declared that
he wouldn't withdraw his measure but
that he would put up the best fight pos-
sible to secure its final passage should
a majority vote to reconsider it.

When the Assembly met the large hall
was crowded with excited spectators.
Grove Johnson, arrayed like a bride-
groom, was at his desk ready for action.
An effort was made to have the anti-
Japanese debate take place in executive
session, but this plan was knocked out
promptly. ‘

Transue of [os Angeles presented a
resoliition to reconsider the Johnson
bill. His resolution was very long, and
it specified very plainly that the school
{system of California is an institution
of the State control of which has not
been granted to the Federal Government.
He made a long speech in support of
his resolution, and among other things
said:

“We have it from the highest author-
ity that the legislation proposed should
not be enacted. We cannot be told all
of the reasons why the bills should not
be passed, but we have been told enough.
The least we can do is to concede that

!the Government has good reagons for

asking that the bills be defeated.”

Young of Berkeley urged that Cali-
fornia give the Federal Government
ltwo more years in which to settle the
| Japanese question.
| Then followed an acrimonious debate
| among members, some urging that the
| bill be reconsidered and defeated in order
that the President be left with a free
| hand, while others declared that Cal-
}fornia should rebuke Roosevelt for his
jintervention and should degide school
matters for herself without any dicta-
tion from the Federal Government. The
| debate was prolonged until 2 o'clock and
| was taken upafter recess. It was 40'clock
|when the vote was finally demanded.
|The vote to reconsider the bill was 43

cation yesterday that evening schools be! ayes and 34 noes. The vote on final pas-

that the conference agreedwon al) items
of the bill in dispute except those fixing
the salaries of the President and the rest.
Mr. Warren asked that the bill be returned
to conference and the Senate conferees
instructed to insist on the adoption of
these items. The bill was returned. It
is said the House conferees are. inclined
to hold fast in their objections, believing
they are following the will of the House.

GIRL STATION AGENT ROBBED.

Three Itallans With Guns Baid B, RK. T.
Station at 20th St. and Fifth Ave.

Miss Grace West, the twenty-year-old
ticket agent at the Brooklyn Rapid Tran-
ait station at Twentieth street on the
Fifth avenue elevated line, was held up
at the point of revolvers at 12:30 o'clock
this morning by three Italians who got
away with two bags containing $27 and
$25 and the night's receipts, amounting
toabout $10, *

The yoiing woman grabbed her own
revolver when the men broke the chain
on the door, leading to her cage, but seeing
that she was covered by three guns, she
gave it upon demand. After taking the
money, the men cut the telephone wire
leading to the company’s office and told
her that if she made aesound for five
minutes she would be sorry, Then they
ran away.

When she recovered from her fright,
Miss West ran out and screamed for help
on the station platform. Policeman Fitz-
gerald of the Fifth avenue station heard
her and gave the alarm at his station
house, Capt, Murphy sent out nearly

all the reserves in plain clothes to hunt |

through the Italian settlement in that
neighborhood, but there was little chance
that they would find the robbers.

Several similar holdups have occurred
at stations of the B. R. T, One of them
was at this same station.

TIN SOLDIERS MUST RIDE TOO,

Gov, Hadley Prescribes Roosevelt Endur-
ance Test for His Staff.
JEFFERSON City, Mo., Feb. 10.—Military
order No. 1, issued by Gov. Hadley to-day,
jin which he prescribed that members of
his staff must undergo the Roosevelt en-
| durance test for army officers, has created

}oonsternation in the ranks of the “tin | Albany,

PRICE TWO CENTS. °

——_-

TO HELP BREAK JAIL

PRISONER WON'T BE RESCUED
AND GIVES RESCUER AWAY,

Lawyer Shay, Who Defended Hains, an
Ambulance Chaser, Wie Confesses,
and Two Tombs Keepers Arrested—
Plot by Railroads I Suc, Says Shay.

After the doors of the Tombs prison
had been suddenly locked yesterday
afternoon on an alarm that an escape of
prisoners was imminent, Joseph A. Shay,
a lawyer, at 309 Broadway, who was asso-
ciated with John F, McIntyre as counsel
for the defence in the Hains trial, and
Walter F. Peck, alias Williamson, who
was employed as an “investigator” by
Shay, were arrested by order of District
Attorney Jerome. Both are accused of
aiding and abetting in the escape of a
priaoner held nnder a charge of felony.

As a matter of fact no prisoner escaped,
but there was an ‘automobile waiting for
one and a chauffeur's rig on hand, and
District Attorney Jerome's information
was that at 4 o'clock Remington Mercer,
who is awaiting trial on a charge of grand
larceny, was to erump and evade, or at
least was to be tempted to. The arrest
of Shay and Williamson, however, wag
made upon information Mercer himself
furnished to the District Attorney.

Mercer was at one time employed by
Shay as an “investigator’—ambulanog¢
chaser is the customary phrase--and whil¢
in his employ took part in a doubtful
transaction while seouring testimony: in
an accident case in Albany. District At-
torney Jerome concluded that there were
fears that Mercer would tell too much.

Shay and Peck were arraigned before
Magistrate O'Connor, who held an ine
formal court in the District Attorney's
office. Mr. McIntyre appeared as coun
sel for Shay. He suggested that th
lawyer be paroled in his custody, buf
Magistrate O'Connor fixed bail for each
man at $3,000 for examination on Thuraday,

Keepers Peter J, Howard and John J,
Malloy, who have charge of the gate in the
Tombs, were also arrested and charged
with a misdemeanor in failing to perform
their duty. They were held in $250 each,
which was given.

Mercer, or Remington, as he was some-
times known, was put in the Tombs on
New Year's Day after being brought back
from California,whither he and his brother
had fled while under indictment for
grand larceny in stealing $4,000, which
they got by the fraudulent settlement
of a claim for damages against the Metr:
politan Street Railway Company.

Prior to this time Howard Mercer had
been in the employ of Shay at Albany,
While there he was engaged to get from
& motorman a favorable statement to
be used in a suit against a etreet rail-
way.

Mercer got a statement from the motor:
man which made the latter say that he
didn't rimg his bell. Mercer has admitted
to the District Attorney that the “n't”
of the “didn’t” was a forgery, and that
what the motorman really did say was
that he “did” ring his bell. The case
was appealed by the street railway com-
pany and Mr. Jerome was asked to look
up Mercer's history. While the District
Attorney was doing this Meroer and his
brother ran away with the $4,000 referred
to,
As soon as Mercer was brought back
to the Tombs he opened negotiations with
the District Attorney and began to tell
him some things concerning the deal in
Shay about this time visited

| soldiers” who got the rank of Colonel | Mercer in the Tombs and said he would try

shortly after Gov. Hadley's inauguration.

to get bail for him. He came baok later

The Governor's staff is made up largely | to say that he was unable to raise the bail,

of newspaper men and politicians.

but would do what he could, What fole

“Twenty miles horseback a day for|lowed is told in an affidavit made by

| maintained during May, June and July so sage of the bill was 37 ayes and 41 noes. n
{that adult immigrants may be taught, In the Senate to-day Marc Anthony | three days,” is the decree of the Governor, Mercer,

| English as soon as they land. | of San Francisco introduced a resolution | Who says he wants to guard against the) He says that on or about the first Sun-
The superintendent said that out of | severely censuring President Roosevelt } humiliation of having any of his Colonéls | day of this year Shay and Williams called

pessee, In Presider.t Cleveland's aecond | *4id he hoped the whole South would join

rdministretion he was Assistant Attor-|in honoring the distinguished citizen
ney-Gepveral of the United States. In| Who had been elected President.

1993 he e.ppeared as coursetfor the United The following wireless message from |

and judicial expenses of the Gaovern-
for the fiscal year ending dune 2

and for other purposes, approved
Fenruary 2, 1907, 80 far as the same relates
lo the annual compensation of the Seoretary

mer

ef na he, and the same is hereby
peace

It will be seen that through this simple
legislative expedient the salary of the |
Necretary of State will be reduced to $8,009
while the salaries of the other Cabine
ofcers will rernain at $12.000. Jf the bil!
hecomes a law and Mr. Knox enters Mr
Taft's Cabinet of course the salary of
Secretary of State will be increasel to
“2000 after March 4, 1911, when Mr.
Knox will be constitutionally able to |
accept the increased pay

While it is expected that the Judiciary |
‘ommittee will report the bill promptly |
*ith a favorable recommendation some |
of i's inmembers are inclined to believe |
that Mr. Knox cannot be appointed to |
the office of Secretary of State until after
the lapse of two years even if the salary
's put back to the old figure. They con-
‘end that the mere fact that the salary
had been increased during Mr. Knox's
present term is sufficiert to make void |
his proposed appointment and that the |
difficulty cannot be obviated by repealing |
the law providing for the increase. This |
Yew is taken also by Chairman Jenkins
of the House Committee on the Judiciary,
‘owhich the bill would go after its passage
by the Senate.

A considerable number of able lawyers
inthe Senate and the House, including as
Many Democrats as Republicans, hold,
however, that Mr. Knox will not be con-
tltutionally eligible to appointment in|
be Cabinet if the present salary of the |
Secretary of State is reduced to $8,000.
Senators Bailey and Rayner, both Demo-
Crate, take this view.

Senator Knox declinea to make any
Public statement in regard to the conten-
Yon raised against his eligibility. All he
‘ould say to-day was that he had been a
4¥yer too long to try his own case, and
'e preferred to let others do it. Mr.

nox it a member of the Committee on
hidiciary, but of course will not partici-
Pate in the consideration of the bill affect-
‘Dg his statue. It was intimated pretty
road |y to-day that he would not care to
“cept the office of Secretary of State if
‘ty question remained as to his constitu-
“onal right to do 6o, and that if he were
Made the subject of much criticism he
ment decline Mr, Taft's tender, How-
end ' Seems to be pretty well established

4\ a large majority of both the Senate
and the House believe that the passage
cane bill introduced by Senator Hale
a * @ perfectly solid and constitutional
e “tion of the difficulty A canvass made

‘he Democratic side of the Senate

re.

St.tos before the Alaska boundary tri- |) THE SuN's correspondent with the Taft | one-third of the whole number of school | for his criticism of Senator Perkins and | fall from their mounts during the inaug- | to Bee him at the Tombs “and that Shay
bunst in London and was paid @ high| party on the battleship North Carolina |children medical examination showed; lauding Perkins for his work in favor of ural ceremonies at Washington March 4. j Said that he had talked the uaa over
an ana Shay said:

Chief Justice of England, umpire of the
tcibunal. The United States won the
C134

Mr. Dickinson has been a legal repre-
sontetive of the Illinois Central Railroad
for ten years. The change in the control
of the road from Stuyvesant Fish to E. H,
Harriman did not affect his standing with
the company.

It seems to be settled that James Wilson
of Iowa will retain the office of Secretary
of Agriculture, for a time at least, under
the Taft Administration. Mr. Taft had
intended to appoint a new Secretary of
Agriculture and looked around a bit for
the right man.

Accepting the understanding that Mr.
Dickinson and Mr. Wilson will be in the
Taft Cabinet only one vacancy under the
Taft Administration remains to be filled.
This is the office of Secretary of the Treas-
ury. While nobody appears to have any
definite knowledge of the situation most
of the amateur Cabinet makers believe
that the Treasury portfolio will be offered
to ex-Gov. Myron T, Herrick of Ohio,
The Cabinet of Mr. Taftis expected to be
about as follows:

Secretary of Btate—P. C. Knox of Penn-
sylvania,

Secretary of the Treasury—Unsettled,

Secretary of War--J. M. Dickinson of
Tennessee.

Attorney-General—G, W. Wickersham of
ew York.

Postmaster-General—F. H. Hitchcock of
Massachusetts,

Secretary of the Navy—G. von L, Meyer
of Massachusetts.

Secretary of the Interior—R, A. Ballinger
of Washington.

Secretary of Agriculture—James Wilson
of Iowa,

Secretary of Commerce and Labor—
Charles Nagel of Missouri.

N

Mother of Triplets at 19.
Mrs. Richard Shuttleworth, who is
only 19 years old and was married a
little over a year ago, has become the

of triplets, two 6 and a boy,
met there is much re cig at her home,

cifio street, Brooklyn. The
Ee Soames illiam Taft Beutdosorne

Italian as a Substitute for Geography,

Italian, which the Board of Education
by a resolution passed June 13, 1006, se-
lected as an elective study, is being tried
as an experiment as a substitute for -

in Public 23 at an
M streets. ¢ trial is only being
made in the two highest grades,

| Company at midnight:
'
|The North Carolina, convoyed by
;the Montana, arrived at the mouth of
the Mississippi River at & o'clock to-
night. The Taft party will be trans-
ferred to the scout cruisers Salem and
Birmingham early to-morrow morning
and will proceed up the river, arriving
;at New Orleans at 2 P, M.”

| SAVED FROM DEATH AT STAKE,

Three Officers Face Mob of 1,000 and
| None Dares toe Apply the Torch,
TAMPA, Fla,, Feb. 10.—Surrounded by
a mob of 1,000 men, bound to a stake,
| heaped about with pine knots and cov-

the negro accused of attempting to as-
sault Miss Irma Newell near Lakeland
| yesterday, was saved from burning this
morning by the prompt and vigorous
action of Sheriff John Logan, who, re-
volver in his hand and backed by his
brother Alonzo Logan and Special Deputy
MoMullen, kept the crowd from applying
the match to the inflammable pile until
| he could reason with them.

 

to jail and some score of the best citi-
zens of Lakeland are acting as an addi-
tional guard over him to prevent further
violence. .

The negro, even while facing death at
the stake, maintained his innocence
and declared he could prove an alibi.
His witnesses have been sent for.

Miss Newell has said that while he looks
like the man who attempted to assault
her she is not sure,

COLIMA DISCHARGING LAVA,

Flows on Side Furthest From Town
—Ashes Blown Out to Sea.

Couima, Mexico, Feb. 10.—An enormous
quantity of lava is now being discharged
from the Colima volcano, It is running
out of the main and lateral cracks in
broad etreams and is filling the bar-
rancas upon one side of the mountain.

Unless a crater should open up on
the side nearest the towns of Colima and
Tuxpan damage from the lava
flow will be light. Heavy discharges
of ashes have ocourred during the last
twenty-four hours, but they were carried
seaward by the wind.

d | HAAN'’S RESTAURANT, Park Row B'ldg.

ieee famous for culsine and service, Music.

lered with kerosene, Charley Crumley, |

As a result Crumley was marched back |

| due to bad or insufficient food. He said

| learn on an empty atomach.

| “Again I appeal to you, in the name of | ciary Committee, of which he isa member. |

| suffering childhood, to establish in each
school facilities whereby pupils may
obtain ample, wholesome food at coat
price,” the report went on. It urged the

board to establish a department of hygiene | This disposes of all the anti-Japanese | for
oneé,. Mrs, Barnett is a pretty widow, Shay was the morning after the verdict

| that would take from the Board of Health
the case of contagious diseases. Such
a department would advise parents in
| regard to the health of their children
‘and even invoke the law upon neglect-
| ful parents. The report says that the
Health Department has made
of such work.

The report recommends the immediate
lestablishment of classes for instruction
of the blind, and that the hours for eve-
ning schools be 8 to 10 instead of 7:30 to
9:30. Mr. Maxwell also would require
pupils to deposit a fee to cover the ex-
penses of material.

The Board of Education at ite meeting
yesterday disapproved of the bills at
Albany which ask that a fireman be sta-
tioned in each public school in this city
while the school is in session, which re-
quire instruction in military tactics in
the schools and which deniand compul-
sary teaching of scientific boxing in the
schools. A request from the Nordoest-
licher Saengerbund that 4,000 school
children be allowed to sing in a concert
in Madison Square Garden on the after-
noon of Sunday, June 20, -was granted.
Mayor MoClellan is to make an address
there.

The board voted to ask the Board of
Aldermen to authorize the issue of $55,000
worth of special revenue bonds to cover
the expenses of opening the yards of
West Side schools as playgrounds for boys
when the schools are not in session.

Hanan Mast Pay Ex-Wife's Old Bits,

A jury in the Supreme Court before
Justice Lehman rendered a verdict yes-
terday for $2,180 in favor of the A. L.
White Company, milliners, and against
Alfred B. Hanan. The judgment repre-
sents the cost of clothes Mrs. Clara M.
Hanan ordered before she obtained her
divorce last October.

EY’S PORT WINE WITH OLIVE OF,

D
Passes ee vice. Mee

othin
H.T.

, e sell bo
ton St., New York.

\

tribute by Baron Alverson, the Lord | was received here by the United Wireless | that 5,953 suffered from malnutrition, | an increase in the navy and of coast de-

' fences, Anthony evidently intended to
but it was promptly referred to the Judi-

After the school bill had been killed
| Johnson called up his motion to reconsider
the volte by which the anti-alien

bill was lost, This was voted down,

, bills in the Assembly. In the Senate the

| disposed of.

Gov. Gillett is much pleased with the;

work of the Assembly to-day. He said

| to-night:
| “Weshall now proceed with the measure

missioner to take the census of the Jap-
anese in California. We wish to have
| incontrovertible facts in regard to Japan-
ese immigration if we come before the next
Congress to apply for the exclusion of all
Asiatics,”

ROOSEVELT

Congratulates Gov, Gillett and Speaker
Stanton,

Wasuinoton, Feb. 10.--President
Roosevelt got telegrams this evening
from Gov. J. N. Gillett of California and
Speaker P. A, Stanton of the California
Assembly telling him that the anti-Japan-
ese school segregation bill had been re-
considered in the Assembly and defeated.
Speaker Stanton sent his congratulations
to the President. To Gov. Gillett the
President sent this message by telegraph:

“Accept my heartiest congratulations.
} All good Americans appreciate what you
jhave done. Please extend my congratu-

ations individually to all who have aided
you. I feel that the way in which Cali-
fornia has done what was right for the
nation makes it more than ever obligatory
on the nation in every way to safeguard
the interests of California. All that I
personally can do toward this end,
whether in publio or in private life, shall
most certainly be done.”

To Speaker Stanton the President sent
his telegram:

“Acoept my heartiest thanks and con-

tulations for the t service you
ve rendered. On behalf of the people
of the United States I thank the people
lof California and their representatives
in the Legislature.”
uade of ine enter mest oP iti
cholee

spiees. You bave never tas
eausages unless you bave tried them.—

SENDS THANKS,

t

5 and
perfect

——_—,-
WOMAN TO HUNT BURGLARS,

“Battleship North Carolina, Feb. 10.— ,it was ridiculous to expect children to} have his resolution disoussed on the floor, | She Has Been Made a Regular Member

of Atlanta's Detective Force,
ATLANTA, Feb, 10.—Hereafter a woman
sleuth will be one of the features of the
|detective department of Atlanta. The

Hattie Barnett a member of the detective
, and she will begin her duties at

the examinations of children except in| school bill is still pending, but it will be! about 30 years old, and has been success.

| fully doing detective work for some time.
The commission Was moved to choose
‘Mrs, Barnett because it is believed that
| many of the robberies in Atlanta are the
| work of women, and it is thought a female

a failure | appropriating $10,000 for the labor com-| detective might be more successful in

these eases than a man.

Mrs, Barnett explained that she has
never acted as a detective in domestic
troubles, because her chief aim next to
helping people who came to her is to keep
her work on tha square, “I try to keep
my conscience ab’ clear as any minister's
in this city,” she said feelingly.

Mrs. Barnett says women are commit-
ting burglaries in Atlanta and that she
will capture them, She said: “There are
ever 80 Many more women in that sort
of thing than you'd suspect. Don't
think that I'm knocking my sex. I love
all womankind, but then, understand, I
can't help seeing when my eyes are

open.”
JURY TO SEE ORIENTAL DANCE,

The Girl In Red, Arrested, Will Appear
in Court In Stage Costume,
. Curoad®, Feb. 10.—A stir was caused
in the Criminal Court to-day when coun-
sel for Mme. Cleo, better known as “The
Girl in Red,” who was arrested on com-
plaint of reformers, appeared at the
State Attorney's office and served notice
that he would insist on the young woman
| apres ring in court on Monday morning
in full costume and demonstrating her
Oriental dance before a jury.
The woman is charged with giving

an indecent performance.
Counsel algo served notice that the client

would insist on a jury of twelve men
passing on the propriety or impropriety

of the dance

The news spread rapidly throughout
the Criminal Court Building and a hurried
consultation of law books showed that
there was nothing in the statute to:pre-

| vent the dance in court.

sacha is Fac Beart dutcker rue,
¥ pe, rou
Inq. 1168 B' way, ° Pisoe tout Mad ade .

|

land | police Commission to-day made Mrs. ,

with Mr, McIntyre.

“Mr. McIntyre will see the Judge and
try to have the bail bond reduced to as
low a figure as possible, and if this fails
McIntyre and I will send Williamson to
you and you do just what Williamson tella
you to do, Don't sign any statements
and do not talk at the District Attorney's
office, Just trust to us,”

Mercer says that the next time he saw

in the Hains case. He continues:

“Shay came to the counsel room in the

Tombs, together with a Mr. Cohen of his
office and Mr, Williamson. He told me
that he had learned that I had been over
to the District Attorney’s office and
wanted to know if I had made any state-
ments regarding the Hunt case,
Hunt case was the one in which Shay
and Mercer figured in Albany.) He said
to me ‘For God's sake keep your mouth
shut. We have not had time to do any-
thing for you on account of this Haing
matter, but now that it is over MolIntyre
and I will get our heads together and
don’t you worry. You do just what
Williamson tells you to do,’ ”

Mercer goes on to relate that William-
sop called on him at the Tombs about ten
days ago and said to him, “If you will
do just what I tell you todo you will be
taken out of here.”

Then Williamson, Mercer says, agreed
to bring him a pair of eyeglasses, an
overcoat, time tables to Goldfield, Nev.,
and expense money, and said that an
automobile would be waiting at the
Worth street subway station and that
all he had to do was to puton his hat and
eyeglasses and overcoat and walk out
of the Tombs.

Mercer wanted to know whom he had
to thank for all this, and he says that
Williamson replied, “Well, between you
and me you oan thank Mr. MolIntyre and
Mr. Shay for getting you out of here;
but keep that under your hat.”

District Attorney Jerome commented
on this to say that Mr. MoIntyre was not
held to be under any suspicion.

The hat and eyeglasses were taken to
Mercer several days ago. Yesterday was
fixed for the time of theJescape, aceording
to the same narrator, and at 4 o'clock
Williamson went to the counsel room of
the Tombs and asked to see Mercer. He
wore a large fur overcoat when he went ing
but came out without it. As soon as he

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER.
“Ite purity—has made it famous.''— Ado,