i

f

tl)
\%

=

ea
hee

eg SR,

of
al
ty
ia

10
e

    
   
   
   
  
  
   
  

VOL, LXXL—NO. 163.

WEAIN TO SAVECHINA

President Makes an Offer to
Russia and Japan.

 

 

ASKS OTHER POWERS TO JOIN.

the “Localization of
Hostilities.”

 

Plan for

 

seeks Guarantee of China’s Neutrality
During the War and of Her Integrity
—Danger of Impairing All Interna-
(lonal Relations if Chinese Get Into
the Row on One Side or the Other
—Notice to the Combatants That There
Must Be No Selzing Chinese Territory,

WASHINGTON, Feb, 9.—The United States
has become an important
factor in the Russo-Japanese conflict
through action that is intended to have
far reaching consequences, The purposes
which it has set out to accomplish are three-
fold and may be briefly stated as follows:

First--An agreement between the bellig-
erents to confine their military operations
to a certain area not yet defined, but in-
tended to embody only Corea and Man-
churia,

Second—A guaranteeyby the neutral
Powers to Russia and Japan that China
shall remain neutral during the period
of the war

‘Third--The preservation of\Chinese in-
tegrity through making it impossible for
China to give either combatant an excuse
for seizing any part of the empire, and
informing Russia and Japan that China’s
neutrality must be respected during and
after the war.

To Germany belongs the credit of initiat-
ing the exchanges which have now brought
the Powers to a consideration of the sug-
enumerated above. It is the
however, that Germany

Government

gestions
under: tanding,

senught only. an arrangement with her |

neutral sisters in the family of nations
by which*China would be prevented from
taking part in the Far Eastern struggie.
Out of that suggestion grew the proposi-
tions which have been advanced by the
United States and which have been com-
municated, through circular notes, to all

the Bowers concerned, including Russia |

and Japan.
While it is not possible to give details,

Tue Suw correspondent is authorized to |
say that the good effices of the President |
of the United States have been tendered |

to Russia and Japan to bring about an

agreement between them for the “Jocal- |

tization of hostilities,” and that Great Britain
France, Germany, Austiia-Hungary, Italy
and other nations which took part in the
suppression of the anti-forefgn outbreak
in 10) and afterward in the peace nego-
tiations have been invited (o take the
same course

The object of the proposal is not only to
confine military operations to the area that
is politically involved, but to avert a re-
newal of disturbances which, it is feared,
may oemir in China if the theatre of hos-
tilities is extended over the Manchurian

Once these disturbances are begun
there is no telling what may happen or how
‘the relations of nations now friendly may
become impaired. Should the Chinese,
excited by the proximity of the belligerent
armies, attempt to join issue with one side
orthe other the break-up of the Flowery
Kingdom might become a certainty.

11 is belieyed by this Government to le
recessary, therefore, in order to carry out
siccessfully the suggestion that China re-
1: ain neutral, that the Russian and Japanese
land forces confine their fighting to cs limited
a portion cf Chinese territory as possible.

But the nore inportant object of the
United States is to secure an understanding
ancng the neutral states that,so long as
China rev ains neutral, there should be no
cecesion for either Russia or Japan to
annex any part of the cmoire

With that purpose in view, Secretary
Hay, by direction of- the President, has
addressed a circular note to all the Powers
concerned, advocating concurrent action
to induce China to preserve a strict neu-
trality between the two nations. It is in-
tended to have the Chinese Government
duly impressed with the gravity of the po-
sition in which she would be placed if she
took sides in the conflict, and, failing to
bring about the desired result by diplomatic
means, to serve notice on the imperial au-
thorities at Pekin that they will not beper-
mitted to become a party to the war, which
has now been begun.

In other words, this Government desires
the neutral Powers to make China remain
with them in their neutrality—through per-
suasion, if possible, through drastic meas-
ures if necesg@ary,

[t is proposed also by the United States
that the neutral Powers inform Russia and
Jnpan that the neutrality of China must
be respected throughout. the war and there-
after. This is, In fact, the most radical
Proposal which has been put forward by
Secretary Hay. :

While no official interpretation is given,
there can be no doubt that it means that the
neutral Powers should join to make it clear
to the combatants that the other nations
»xpect them, in spite of the differences
which have brought them into a trial of
strength, to adhere to the engagements
*ntered upon by the nations which took
part in the suppression of the Boxer
‘roubles, to maintain the Chinese Empire
‘8 a territorial entity.

The negotiations, which have reached

he important phase, were begun before the
veraneeof relations between Russia

‘id Japan, but it 4a understood that, the

;

horder,

 
 
 

NEW

circular fote of Secretary Hay was sent
yesterday or the day before. Although
such a short period has elapsed since its
transmission, some responses have been
received, but from what nationa is not dia-
closed All that it is now poasible to say
ie that thesé responses were regarded as
favorable to the object desired by this
Government.

FRENCH WARNING. “HANDS OFF!”

Others Must Not Seek to Profit During
Her Ally’s Struggle With Japan.
y Speciat Cable Despatch to THR Sun.
Panis, Feb. 9.—The Temps, which is
frequently used as a mouthpiece by the
French Foreign Office, publishes an im-
portant article, which is ascribed to Gov-
ernment inspiration. It contains the fol-
lowing: z
“The whole world knows that France
desires with a single heart the success of
her ally. Existing treaties do not oblige
France to participate in the present war,
but France is the ally of Russia, and the
1

alliance is close and general, implying a.

moral union, which under the atress o
eyents might lead to fresh agreements.
“Consequently, while the Russians and
Japanese fight their quarre! out, our silent
immobility will paralyze all attempts
that may be made by one quarter or an-
other to profit by the struggle at the ex-
pense of our ally, and, in accord with those
who wish to see the conflict localized, we
shall, by our presence alone, effectually
bar the way against any who may wish to
extend it. Such is our duty to ourally,
and we shall fulfil it. It is necessary that
| this be known at St. Petersburg and else-
| where, aa it will constitute a guarantee for
|
} area.
| “At the conclusion of the struggle, the
issue of which, despite the illusions of the
| Japanese, is beyond doubt, France, dis-
appointing the hopes of her rivals, will
receive the reward of her fidelity to her
plighted word.”

The Temps says that Russia is about to
take the most energetic measures.

In the course of a conversation the Mili-
tary Attachérsof the Russian Embassy,
| said: “Since they want war they shall have

it with a vengeance.”

WARVEL AT JAPAN'S DARING.

European Naval Experts Think She Is
Assured Now of Victory at Sea,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Feb, 9.—Japan's daring coup

; tion at Port Arthur has astounded Europe.
Not only is it indicative of the tremendous

campaign, but it is regarded as an almost
, decisive blow so far as naval operations are
conceraed,

Naval experts here are of the opinion
that the disablement of three of the best
ships of the Russian fleet is sufficiently im-
portant to assure Japanese vietory upon

fic seas.

All acquainted with the personne) of the
| Japanese navy and army agree that the
war will be a constant series of daredevil
exploits, even riskier in character than the
bold dash at Port Arthur last night. The
best officers of the navy have been begging
for torpedo boat service, in which they
could undertake enterprises involving al-
most certain death. The real difficulty
will be to restrain the men from flinging
away their lives unnecessarily.

This quality is so well understood that
the wild story of an attack on Port Arthur
and the sinking of eleven Japanese ships
found ready credence in the European
capitals. This afternoon an explanation
issued by the agency responsible for the
publication of the story was received by
the public with derision. It was announced
naively that the rumor wae circulated in
St. Petersburg. It was not denied at first
in official quarters and it was therefore
telegraphed to New York.

The European public is already gaining
the impression that the war will be short,
sharp and decisive, and this is earnestly
to be hoped for. There is even an impres-
sion that Russia, if driven from the seas,
might be induced to make peace, This
view, however, is considered to be far too
optimistic.

In official circles the greatest interest
is felt in the efforts of the United States
to secure a careful restriction of the con-
flict within prescribed areas. The pro-
posal will be strongly supported by all the
Powers except, perhaps. Germany. The
latter country is the danger point of the
whole situation. It is everywhere believed
that she will do her utmost to profit ter-
ritorially and otherwise by the Far Eastern
struggle.

Japan’s statement, reviewing the history
of the negotiations, was issued late to-
night and has not yet reached the public,
but it is safe to say that it will compel full
recognition of the moderation of her de-
mands and of the exemplary patience with
which she urged them to the point where
agreement became obviously hopeless. .

 

JAPAN MAY GET,
Steamer Koren on Her Way With Beer
for Vladivostok.

San Francisco, Feb. 9.—On board the
Pacific Mail steamer Korea, leaving Hono-
lulu yesterday for the Orient, is a ship-
ment of supplies for Vladivostok, valued
at. $44,496, It consists principally of fifty-
one carloads of barrel beef, which is to be
transshipped at Nagasaki to its destina-
tion., Now that war has begun, Japan's
cruisers are pretty sure to attempt to in-
tercept the Korea and take off these sup-
plies. There are slender chances that the

| supplies will ever reach Vladivostok.

The steamer Coptic, which left here
on Jan. 13, carried a small shipment of
beef for Vladivostok, but that was trans-
shipped before the war began.

CARGO

the limitation of the war to the present

|
| in opening war on the strong Russian posi- ;
|

energy with which Japan will force the |

YORK,

HERE’S JAPAN'S CASE

Review of the Negotiations
That Failed,

RUSSIA’S MANCHURIAN STAND.

Firmly Declined to Give Any
| Guarantees.

 

 

 

 

 

Demanded a Neutral Zone in Corea, but
Refused to Have One on the Other
Side of the Yalu--Japan’s First Offer
Made in August—Russia Delayed
Negotiations While Making Military
and Naval Preparations Until Japan
Felt Compelled to Break Them Off.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.—The Japanese
Minister makes the following statement
by authority of his Government:

“It being indispensable to the welfare
and safety of Japan to maintain the inde-
pendence and integrity of Corea and to
safeguard her paramount interests therein,
the Japanese Government finds it impos-
‘sible to view with indifference any action
endangering the position of Corea. Russia,

| notwithstanding her solemn treaty with
China and her repeated assurances to the
‘ Powers, continues in occupation of Man-
churia and has even taken aggressive meas-
| ures on Corean territory. Should Man-
| churia be annexed to Russia the inde-
| pendence of Corea would naturally be
| impossible.
“Therefore, being desirous of securing
| the permanent peace of eastern Asia by
means of direct negotiations with Russia,
intended to secure a friendly adjustment
of all questions relating to Manchuria and
Corea, where the interests of Japan and
Russia meet, the Japanese Government
toward the end of last July addressed the
Russian Government in that sense and
invited it to confer upon the subject. The
Russian Government, having expressed
‘ita willingness to enter into negotiations,
‘ the Japanese Government on the 12th of
last August, through its Minister at St.
Petersburg, pro} a basis of- agreement,
which was substantially as follows:
“First--A mutual engagement to respect
the independence and territorial integrity
of China and Corea.
| “Second—A mutual engagement to main-
tain the principle of equal opportunity for
the commerce and industry of all nations
| in those countries,

; “Third— Reciprocal recognition of Japan's
| preponderating interests in Corea and of
| Russia’s special interests in railway enter-
prises in Manchuria, and mutual recognition
of the right of Japan and Russia, respec-
tively, to take measures for the protection
of the above mentioned interests in so far
: a8 such measures did not violate the princi-
| ple enunciated in Article I. j

“Fourth—Recognition by Russia of the
exclusive right of Japan to give advice and
assistance to Coréa in the interests of re-
: form and good government.

“Fifth—An engagement on the part of
Russia not to impede the eventual extension
of the Corean railway to southern Manchu-
ria 80 as to connect with the East China
and Shanhaikwan-Newchwang lines,

“It was the original intention of the
Japanese Government to have the negotia-
tions take place at St. Petersburg, so that
their progress might be facilitated and
a satisfactory solution reached as quickly
as possible. But the Russian Government
absolutely refused to comply with this
desire, on the plea of the Czar’s journey
abroad and for several other reasons. It
was, therefore, necessary to conduct the
negotiations at Tokio, but it was not until
Oct. 3 that the Russian Government replied
to the proposals of August 12 and pre-
sented counter proposals.

“In the counter proposals the Ruasian
Government positively refused to make
any engagements to respect the sover-
eignty and territorial integrity of China in
Manchuria or to agree to any stipulation
for the maintenance of the principle of
equal opportunities for the commerce and
industry of all nations there and requested
Japan to declare Manchuria and its littoral
entirely without her sphere of influence.

“The Russians also proposed to restrict
Japan's liberty of action in Corea in various
ways. For instance, while recognizing
Japan's right to send troops to Corea when
necessary, for the protection of her inter-
ests, Ruséla refused to allow her to use
any portion of Corean territory for strategic
purposes of any description. In fact, the
Russian Government went so far as to pro-
pose the establishment of a neutral zone
including all Corean territory north of the
thirty-ninth parallel.

“The Japanese Government failed to see
why Russia, who professed no intention of
absorbing Manchtria, should be disinclined
to insert in the convention a clause in har-
mony with her own repeatedly declared
principle respecting the sovereignty and
territorial integrity of China, Her refusal
impressed upon the Japanese Government
all the more strongly the necessity of such
a stipulation as it had suggested. Japan
has important commercial interests in
Manchuria and entertains no small hope of
cheir future development. Politically she
has even more important interests, because
of Manchuria’s contiguity to Corea and
the relations existing between the two.
Therefore the Japanese Government could
not possibly recognize Manchuria as being
entirely without Japan's sphere of interest.
and for that reason it feit compelled
absolutely to reject the Russian proposal
in this behalf.

“The Japanese Government explained
these views to the Russian Government,
and at the same time suggested other neces-
sary amendments to the Russian counter
proposals. As regards the neutral zone,

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY. 10, 1904.—

\
{

|

|

  

 

it should ‘bg established on: both sides’ of
the boundary line between Corea and Man-
churia, with an equal width on either side
of say fifty kilometers. After, full dis-
cussion at Tokio, the Japanese, an the 90th
of last Oootber, finally presented to Rus-
sia their definitive amendments,

“Although the Russian Government: was
frequently urged for a reply none was sent
until the 11th of last December. In: that
reply the Ruesian Government ignisted
upon the suppression of all clauses relating
to Manchuria, thys making the proposed
agreement relate exclusively to Corea,
and maintained the original demand rela-
tive to the non-employment of Corean
territory for strategic. purposes and ,the
establishment of a neutral wone in Corean
territory exclusively.

“The exclusion of Manchuria being in
contravention of the original object of the
negotiations, which was to remoye all
causes for conflict by a friendly agreement
regarding the interests of both countries
in Manchuria and Corea, the Japanese
Government asked the Russian Government
to reconsider the question.

“Among the numerous stipulations which
Russia had included in the counter pruppsal
was one, Article V., which read as follows:

“ ‘Mutual engagement not to use any part
of the territory of Corea for strategic pur-
Poses nor to undertake in southern Corea
any military works capable of menacing
the freedom of navigation of the Straits
of Corea,’ ,

“The Japanese Government expressed
ita willingness to agree to the latter part of
this proposed stipulation, and thereby to
bind itself not to interfere with the free
navigation of the Straits of Corea, but asked
the Russian Government to congent to the
omission of the first clause. The entire
suppression of a neutral zone waa also sug-
gested, on the ground that if Russia ob-
jected to the erection of such a zone in. Man-
churia there was no good reagon for egtab-
lishing one in Corea.

“On the 6th of January the Russian
Government replied to the last mentioned
proposals, In this reply the following
stipulation was proposed:

“ ‘Recognition by Japan of Manchuria
and its littoralas being outside of her sphere
of interest, while Russia, within the limite
of that prgvince, will not impede Japan
or other Powers in the enjoyment of rights
and privileges acquired by them under
existing treaties with China, exclusive of
the establishment of settlement.’

“This stipulation was proposed, how-
ever, only on a condition of the maintenance
of a neutral zone in Corea and the non-
employment of any Corean territory for
strategic purposes of any deacription, con-
ditions the absolute impossibility of the
acceptance of which by Japan had already
been fully explained to the Russian
Government. %

“It should be further explained that in
this last Rugsian counter proposal no men-
tion at all was made of the territorial in-
tegrity of China in Manchuria, Such being
the case, it is self-evident that . Russia's
proposed engagement to respect the treaty
rights of Japan and other Powers in that
province would be of no practical value. so
long as it’ is not accompanied by a definite
stipulation regarding Chinese sovereignty,
for as treaty righte are only coexistent with
sovereignty, the absorption of Manchuria by:
Russia would at once annulvall rights and
privilegesfacquired there by virtue of treaties
with China. Therefore, the Japanese Gov-
ernment regarded it as indispensable to
obtain Russia's agreement to some stipula-
tion recognizing the territorial integrity of
Manchuria, and on the 13th of January
formally requested a reconsideration by the
Russian Government of this important

point
“To this representation, notwithstand-

ing repeated requests. no reply was made.
and no intimation given of when a reply |
would be made for a period far exceeding
any real necessity for delay.

“The Japanese Government fee!s con-
fident that it will be acknowledged that
it has acted with moderation through-
out the whole of these negotiations It
has asked nothing more from the Rus- |
sians than the recognition of the prin- |
ciples which the Russians have repeatedly ;
voluntarily declared an intention to re-
spect.

“The representations it has made have
not varied either in principle or in scope
from the beginning, and it has alwaya been
willing, wherever it could be done without
a sacrifice of principle, to agree to any
honorable compromise that promised to
promote a friendly understanding. But
it regrets to say that the conviction has
been forced upon it that the Ruasians did
not feel themselves obliged to meet the
proposals made on behalf of Japan in a
spirit of equal impartiality and moderation

while, on the other, naval and military
preparations on Russia's part have been
steadily augumented, In fact, large forces
of Ruesian troops are already on the Corean
frontier,

“In view of these facts, the Japanese
Government, while animated by a sincere
desire for peace, feeling that it has exer-
cised the utmost degree of patience, has
been reluctantly compelled by Russia’s
action to abandon all hope of reconcilia-
tion and to break off negotiations.”

 

MORE WARSHIPS FOR JAPAN.

 

Reported to Have Purchased Three From
Chile,
Special Cable Despatch to THER Sun.
LONDON, Feb. 9.—It is reported that
Japan has bought the Chilean warships
Capitan Prat, Chacabuco and Almirante
Condell, that they are all ready for service,
and will start for Nagasaki at once.

Charles R, Flint said yesterday that he did
not believe that the Capitan Prat andthe
Chacabuco had been sold to Japan.

“The’*Capitan Prat was placed in the
hands of my firm by the Chilean Minister,”
Mr. Flint said, “and we received a cablegram
from the Chilean Government asking us
to sell the Chacabuco, We offered them to
Japan, but as yet have made no sale. Had
any. sale been made through other sources
I think we should have heard of it.”

A rumor came from Valparaiso early in
January that Japan had bought the Capi-
tan Prat. She was built in 1800, and may
be ranked as a third class battleship, Her
maximum speed is 18,3 knots, Her ton-
nage is 6,901, and she has 12-inch armor,
She carries four 9-inch guns and a aecond-
ary battery of quickfirers.

The Chacabuco was launched in 1898, and
is a cruiser of 4,300 tans and 24 knots nomi-
nal speed. She is not armored. She car-

t was proposed that if one were created | ries ‘so B-inch, ten 4.7-inch and twelve
‘ Pee | 3-inch gtins and five torpede tubes,

 

1188 BROADWAY.
The office of the Seaboard Alr Line Raliway, all
information cheerfully furnished about the de-
t Hq@nttfal resorts in Florida. Short line, short time.
+ Farilest arrival. —4Ade

 

Make an Easy Trip South
the Soutpers iy Route of the Southern'a

by ust
Palm Limited,

Ado.

i
}
Russia’s replies to Japan's proposals have
been unduly delayed, on the one hand,
Mees, 271 amd 1185 B’way.

  

11d ceed Nene want cone e s ene thar elaine seater mini Reaart ted Shap

 

ua

 

SEA VICTORY.

Japan Wrecks 5.Ships
—at Port Arthur. |

es

SEIZES TWO MORE?

oT

Variag and Korletz Reported
Taken at Chemulpho,

 

ARMY MOVING ON TO SEOUL.

 

Nine Russians Killed and Several
Injured in Fight.

 

Fleet at Port Arthur Taken by Surprise
When the Japanese Terpedo Boats
Dashed In—Battieships Tsarevitch and
Retyizan and the Cruiser Pallada
Struck and Beached to Prevent Them
Sinking in Deep Water—Japanese Fleet
Returns After Daybreak and a Short
Engagement at Long Range Follows
—-None of the Japanese Ships Damaged
—Russlan Fleet Stays Under Cover
of Guns of Fort—Steamer Columbia

the Harbor—Members of

Describe the Fight.

in
Crew

Speciat Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Feb. 9.—Japan at the very out-
set of the war has struck her enemy a blow,
the importance of which possibly cannot
be overrated, apparently ‘deciding in the
former's interest the balance of naval
power in the Far East.

The battleships Tsarevitch and Retvizan
and the cruiser Pallada now lie hopelessly
crippled on the mudflats at Port Arthur
as the result of an attack by the Japanese
on Monday night. :

In a second engagement Tuesday morn-
ing two more Russian ships were disabled.
THE VARIAG CAPTURED.

But over and above this decisive stroke
at Port Arthur, it is stated from two or
three sources that the Japanese have also

‘ captured the iiret class cruiser Variag

and a eamaller vessel at Chemulpho, Corea.

These reports, although, unlike the Port
Arthur disaster, they lack Admiral Alexieff's
confirmation, are circumatantial. They
state that a strong Japanese torpedo di-
vision, escorted by cruisers convoying
transports, suddenly arrived off Chemulpho
on Sunday. A number of foreign vessels
lay at anchor, including the Variag and the
torpedo gunboat Korietz.

Apparently they did not expect an at-
tack any more than did the somnolent
fleet at Port Arthur, for when the Japanese
commander summoned them to haul down
their flags they were completely surprised,
and in view of the overwhelming strength
of the Japanese they had no alternative
but to comply, which they did, say the
reports, without firing a shot

JAPANESE VICTORY AT PORT ARTHUR.

CnHeroo, China, Feb. 9.—The steamer
Columbia, which has arrived here, was
in the roads outside Port Arthur harbor
when the Japanese made their attack on
the Russian warships.

The first torpedo explosion occurred
about 11 P. M. The shock was so great
that it was felt by the Columbia. .. §);

THREE RUSSIAN SHIPS BEACHED.

The attack continued all night, and at
daybreak two of the Russian battleships
and a cruiser were seen disabled and beached
near the entrance to the harbor. The
cruiser had a bad list. The Russian forts
later fired at the Japanese fleet at a range
of about three miles. The Japanese re-
plied, hitting several of the Russian ships,
but little damage was done,

The Russian cruisers then went outside
the harbor and the Japanese disappeared.
The latter were afterward seen proceed-
ing toward the Russian port of Dalny,
apparently undamaged.

Although the officers of the Columbia
aay that seventeen Japanose vessels took
part in the attack, another steamer, which
has arrived at Fuchow from Dalny, and
which passed through the Japanese fleet,
reports that only sixteen were counted,
namely, six battleships, four cruisers
and six other vessels. They were then
eighteen miles from Port Arthur, and steam-
ing to the southeast.

AS A MEMBER OF THE CREW SAW IT.

One of the Columbia's crew says that the
Columbia was lying in the roadstead at
Port Arthur, surrounded by fourteen Rus-
sian warships, when a severe shock was
felt. The Russians immediately began
using their searchlights and firing sea-
ward, The firing was maintained only for
a brief time.

At 2 o'clock in the morning two battle-
ships steamed toward the shore and were
run on the beach across the entrance to the
harbor. They were soon followed by a
cruiser, which was also beached.

SECOND BATTLE, AT LONG RANGE,

At 10 o’elock in the morning three Japa-
nese cruisers passed Port Arthur within
sight of the Russians. The whole Russian
fleet weighed anchor and started in pur-
suit of them, but returned in half an hour,
leaving a cruiser outside to watch the Japa-
nese squadron, The latter fired on the
cruiser, whereupon another Russian war-

/

  

Ln
i

or neva ttccoatras smyrna il haan sibiasalansaieniianbensilbTe

     
 

 

Copyrioht, 1904, by The Gun Printing and Publishing Aseociation,

ship weighed anchor and cruised around.
The Japanese fleet came within three
miles of the Russians, and a battle began.
The Japanese fired at the ships and forts
which replied. Some of the Japanese
shells struck the Russian ships, but ‘only

fell short. ’ ,

The Columbia left while the battle was
proceeding, but Jater she saw the Japanese
ships leave.

One Japanese cruiser and several torpedo,
boats are reported northward of Chefoo.

ADMIRAL ALEXIEFF'S REPORT.

Sr. PrrerspurG, Feb. 9.—The Official
Meesenoer to-day publishes a telegram
from Admiral Alexieff, Russian Viceroy
of the Far East, to the Czar.

He reports that Japanese torpedo boats
last night made a audden attack on the
Russian squadron at Port Arthur.

The battleships Retvizan and Teare-
vitch and the cruiser Pallada were dam-
aged. An inspection is. being made to
ascertain the amount and character of
the damage.

’ The attack was made in the outer roads
of Port Arthur, where the Russian fleet
has been lying.

The Japanese made the attack at 1:45
in the morning. The boats discharged
their torpedoes, damaging the three ships
above mentioned, and escaped unharmed

The Viceroy’s report follows:

“I most respectfully inform your Majesty
that about midnight on Feb. 8, nine Japanese
torpedo boats made a sudden attack by
means of mines upon the Russian squadron
in the outer roads of the fortress of Port
Arthur, in which the Retvizan, Tsarevitch
and Pallada were damaged.

“An inspection is being made to ascertain
the character of the damage. Details are
following for your Majesty.”

DAMAGE AND PATALITIBS IN SECOND FIGRT.

Werpvespar, Fearvary 20, 1004,
Cold, with snow to-night or toemorrow.

‘damaged them slightly. The Russian fire |

The second engagement between the’

fleets was described in a telegram from
Admiral Alexieff's chief of staff; ©

“By order of the Viceroy I beg to report
that this day, about 11 o'clock in the morn-
ing, a Japanese squadron, consisting of
about fifteen battleships and cruisers,
approached Port Arthur and opened fire.

The enemy was received with a cannonade
from the shore batteries and the guns of
our squadron, which also participated in
the engagement.

“At about midday the Japanese squadron
ceased its fire and left, proceeding south,

“Our losses in the fleet were two officers
wounded, nine men killed and forty-one
men wounded. On the shore batteries
one man was killed and three were wounded.
The battleship Poltava and the cruiser
Novik each had a hole knocked in her side
below the water line. The forts were
slightly damaged.”

RUSSIANS RECHIVE. THE NEWS SILENTLY.

For the first time popular interest in
the crisis was displayed after the publica-
tion of ‘Admiral Alexieff’s despatch, which
was copied from the Official Gazette and
issued on special fly-sheets by the newsr
papers. The news was read silently, with
full recognition of its purport, but there
was no noisy demonstration. Indeed, the
attitude of the public in its self-restraint
recalled that displayed in London during
the dark days of the Boer war.

CZ4R PRAYS FOR DIVINE BLESSING.

Later, when it became known that a
solemn service of intercession to beg the
Divine blessing upon the enterprise to which
the nation is committed was to be held at
the church of the Winter Palace, crowds
began to gather, but nowhere was there
geen any great manifestation of fervor.
Such a manifestation would not be com-
patible with the Russian character.

The service was held by special order of
the Czar. His Majesty, with his mother
on his arm, heade:| the procession of the
imperial family on foot to the church. A
long train of Ministers, functionaries, naval
and military officers followed. The Czar’s
bearing deeply impressed the onlookers.
The cervice was performed with all the im-
posing ritual of the Orthodox Greek Church
and was most impressive.

ENTHUSIASM AT LAST SHOWN.

Upon its conclusion the vast crowd in
the square outside the palace vented its
patriotism in cheering, heartily. Late this
evening the city had its normal appearance.
The court ball was not held.

An imperial manifesto declaring that a
state of war exists is expected to-morrow.

TOOK RUSSIANS BY SURPRISE.

Lonvon, Feb. 10.—Another Chefoo de-
spatch, written
board the Columbia, makes it apparent
that the Russians at Port Arthur were taken
completely by surprise.

The lighthouse was illuminated and the
channel lights were burning. Only one
Russian warship was using her search-
ight, and was doing it in a leisurely manner.

Three torpedo boats were patrolling on the
outskirts of the fleet. All the other tor-
pedo boats were inside the basin. Kyery-
thing was tranquil.

The sky was clear and the weather was
not cold. Russian officials had told the
officers of the Columbia that they expected
the Japanese in three or four days.

The correspondent’s story of the ex-
plosions and the awakening of the Russians
concurs with the previous story. He then
describes the Tsarewitch and Retvizan
as they were run ashore to prevent them
from sinking in deep water.

by a correspondent on i

PRICE TWO CENTS.

on the horizon three two-funnelled cruisers
flying the flag of the Rising Sun of Japan.
They came boldly to within long distance
range and remained calmly watching for
two hours.

After daybreak a strange apathy seemed
to possess the Russians. White-faced,
gaping men crowded the forward decks of
the damaged vessels. For a long time
after the anchors of the other warships
were weighed none of them showed any
disposition to chase the Japanese or fire
asingle shot.

Finally, the Japanese left. This was
at 8:20 o'clock. They were then pursued
by the Russian fleet, which proceeded
toward Dalny.

THE SECOND ENGAGEMENT.

Concerning the reappearance of the
Japanese, the correspondent says that
about 11 o'clock in the morning sixteen
Japanese ships, including five battleships,
appeared on the horizon in fine order.

At 1115 o’clock came first a flash from a
Japanese vessel. This landed a shell near
the torpedo boats and disabled battleships.
The aim was splendid.

Owing to the confusion of the quaran-
tine officials, or perhaps because the Rus-
sians thought the Japanese would dislike
to fire near the British flag, the Columbia

had been left lying close to the Russian ;

fleet and in the line of fire, so that the Jap-
anese shells aimed at the battleships fell
thickly around her. Several bursting
near strewed her deck with splinters.

Capt. Anderson then got under way,
although he was ordered by the Russians
not to leave, and despite the proteste of
the Russian guards aboard, who were
eventually taken to Chefoo, the vessel
was brought out of her excessively danger-
ous position, running near the shore, and
then making full speed for Cheefoo.

THE COLUMBIA'S ESCAPE.

T..e Russian guards were meanwhile
praying fervently. The Chinese crew were
frightened, but worked well. It was feared
that the Russian batteries would sink the
Columbia for disobeying orders or that a
torpedo boat would be sent in pursuit.

Capt. Anderson had repeatedly signalled
for permission to proceed, but his signals
were not answered.

THE BOMBARDMENT.

The bombardment of the forta lasted
until 12:15, the Japanese shooting with good
aim,

Two shells burst on the summit of one fort
and numbers on the face of the cliffs and
along the beach. All of them were heavy

shells.
Owing to the length of the range all the

shells burst on contact with the water or
land. Some threw out yellow smoke, but
generally they emitted adense black amoke.
temporarily concealing the ships struck.

The rate of fire on both sides was slow.
Many of the Russian shells fell short. The
Sevastopol, or her sister ship, was hit by
a heavy shell near the base of her forwar
funnel. :

Another three-funnelled battleship was
struck amidships on her armor plating.
A third battleship was struck abaft her
armored section near the stern. Appar-
ently no ship on either side was disabled
in this engagement:

THE NOVIK FOUGHT PLUCKILY.

The Rusajan cruiser Novik fought pluck-
ily, keeping by far the closest to the Japan-
es® until a heavy fire was concentrated on
her and compelled her to reitre on the battle-
ships.

The other Russian cruisers fought as the
first outaide line of the battleships. The
Russians seemed to fight with little forma-
tion, probably owing to their cramped
apace.

They were never more than a mile and a
half from the shore. They remained all
the time under the guns of the forte, which
fired over them, but not very frequently.

RUSSIAN SHIPS WERE NOT STRIPPED.

Before the action the Russian battleships
threw beds and other lumber through
their gun ports. Chinese sampans were
busily engaged in picking up the artioles,
including ping-pong tables, untfl the shells
began to fall.

The Russian bfttleships constantly
wheeled round in the same position, while
the Japanese kept in splendid formation,
retiring slowly in line to the southeast
after half an hour’s action.

The Columbia escaped with a small hole
in her after deck, caused by a splinter from
a shell, and some marks on her after deck-
house. The Columbia's captain is English,
the mate is Irish and the engineer is Sootch.

AMERICAN SHIP IN THE HARBOR.

A later despatch says that two large and
two small British steamers engaged in the
coasting trade and also the American
ship Pleiades, flour laden, are blocked inside
the harbor by the disabled battleships,

TRYING TO SAVE THE SHIPS.

The Russians are endeavoring by the use
of collision mats to stop the holes and of
pumps to free the vessels from water, and
to getthem afloat in order to take them
inside the harbor at high water.

JAPAN SILENT ON VICTORY,

There is nothing whatever from Japanese
sources concerning fighting or the progress
of events in any direction, except a brief
announcement of the declaration of martial
law in Tokio and some other ports. This
is attributed to the cutting of cables,

SHANGHAI, Feb. 9.—1t is reported here
that the. Japanese stopped, but subse-
quently released, the Russian steamers
Mukden, Amur and Schulka.

Porr Artuvur, Feb. 9.—Correspondents

They now lie across the narrows at the are not allowed aboard the Russian fleet,

entrance of the harbor in a helpless con-
dition. They are very close together,
but do not block the entrance except to
ships of heavy draught.

The Retvizan was atruck forward by a
torpedo and the Tzarewitch aft.

The correspondent continues, saying that
the moon was shining, but no enemy was
visible. At daybreak there were disclosed

Burnett's Extract of Vanilla
Ia fre leader all the world over. Use no other,
~Adr.

V

   

ad

 

‘

but they may accompany the army. A

 

 

press censorship has been established
here.
JAPANESE ON TO SEOUL,

Thousands of Their Troops Land Without
Opposition.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
TienTsin, Feb. 9.—-The Japanese have
landed thousands of troopa in Corea without
opposition

It is stated that they put 8,000 aghere at

,

/

th em cen etpaaatnainntiy roel»

jibes SiS SS ny Vek eg ae