VOL. LIXV.—NO. 85.
TWO ROUGH Ril RIDERS RESIGN |

MAJOR LLEWELLYN

SON RETIRE,

inp HIS

Upshot of a Row Over Indictment of Cleve>
land H. Dodge and Others in New Mex-
tco—President Stands by His Friends
—iewellyn to Have Another Office.

WasHrInoron, Nov. Announcement
was made at the White House this evening
that two former Rough Riders, Major
William H. H. Liewellyn, United States
District Attorney for the Territory of New
‘4exico, and his son, Morgan Llewellyn,
~ veyor-General of that Territory, would
resign their offices. Major Liewellyn, it
waa announced, would io
another Federal office. Both resignations
will take effect on January |

The announcement that the two Llewel-

25.

be appointed

Iyns had resigned came immediately after
a hincheon at the White House at which
the President's guests were Major Liewellyn,
Cov. George Curry of New Mexico, a former
Rough Rider; Henry H. Hoyt,
general of the United States; Capt.

a solicitor
J. Leahy, a former Rough Rider, who was

to Major Llewellyn as district

Admiral Cowles,

@ssistant
Prexident
John A

attorney; Rear
Roosevelt's brother-in-law.
York

This luncheon was the concluding feature

and
Sleicher of New

of the first phase of a big political and ju- |

New Mexico

Solicitor-Genera!

Late this
Hoyt,
Curry, Major Llewellyn and Capt.
left Washington for Santa Fe
in the second phase

Ormaby MeHarg of the Depariment of
went Mr

cicial mixup in
afternoon Gov
Leahy

to take part

Justice on the same train.

McHarg is pot on speaking
several members of the otherparty.  Solic
itor-General Hoyt is going to Santa Fé as
the special commissioner of President
Roosevelt

Capt. Leahy will be appointed District
Attorney Major Llewellyn
last Monday A. RB. Fell re signed from the

office of Attorney-General of that ‘Territory

to succeed

and the next day Leahy was appointed to |

succeed him, but did not qualify
result of White House conferences
leahy will become Digtrict Attorney ang
F. W. Clancey will be appointed Attorney-
General.

No explanation of the reasons for the
resignation of the two Liewellyns was
forthcoming from the White House, bui
behind the retirement of these former
Rough Riders is an interesting story. The
story had its beginning in reports that
Phelps, Dodge & Co. of New York, who
had put several million dollars in New
Mexico in the development of mines, the
establishment of towns att the bnuilting
of railways, had been engaged innter-
prises which came in conflict with the
Government land laws.

Without notice to Gov. Curry or District
\ttorney Llewellyn, Attorney-General Bona-
parte sent Ormsby McHarg and EF. Payton
Gordon to New Mexico to look into the
allegations. Mr. Gordon is pardon attorney
of the Department of Justice, and Mr
WeHarg is a special agent of that Depart-
ment.

Mr. Gordon and Mr. MeHarg reported to
Washington that District Attorney Liewel-
lvn did not cooperate with them in the in-
vestigation and prosecution of alleged land
frauds. Ultimately Mr. MeHarg got Major
Tlewellyn to turn over the Federal Grand
Jury to him, and asa result of Mr. McHarg’'s
efforts the Grand Jury returned nineteen
indictments.

Gov. Curry went away from Santa
wbout this time, but before going directed
the Territorial officials to render every as-
sistance to McHarg and Gordon. There
was then in the Territorial treasury about
$10,000 the ownership of which was in dis
pute. lt had belonged to a private com-
pany, but there were contentions that it
righifully belonged to the Territorial gov-
ervment. While Gov. Curry was away

As a

since,

Mr. McHarg, it is alleged, wrote to Terri- |

torial officers to distribute this money among
public institunons of the ‘Territory.

When Curry returned to Santa Fe he
was fighting mad over what MeHarg was
anid to have done. He sent word to Presi-
dent Roosevelt that McHarg had attempted
to usurp the functions of Governor and
threatened to resign his office if McHarg
wasn't recalled.

President Roosevelt
to come to Washington. When he got here
he told the President that there wasn't
any justification for most of the indict-
ments that McHarg had obtained. Me-
Harg, he charged, was trying to make
@ record de a prosecutor that would give
him a great reputation.

From Gov. Curry and District Attorney
Llewellyn, who accompanied Curry to
Washington, the President learned that one
of those who had been indicted in Santa
Fé was Cleveland H. Dodge of New York
Mr. Dodge was a lifelong friend of Mr.
Roosevelt. They had been classmates at
Harvard, and in one of his speeches the
President had held up Mr. Dodge as an ex-
ample of the highest type of man. The
President had heard that Mr. Dodge had
been in Washington on several occasions
and wondered why his old classmate had
not called at the White House. The story
of the indictment explained why Mr. Dodge
had remained away

Mr. Roosevelt refused to believe that Mr.
Dodge had been a land grafter, and to show
hie confidence in his friend he had Mr.

asked Gov. Curry

Dodge at luncheon at the White House last |

Tuesday, where he heard Mr. Dodge's side
of the story. Mr. Dodge, he learned, had
never been ‘in New Mexico.

As a result of a personal inquiry into the
circumstances connected with the nineteen
indictments the President directed Solicitor-
General Hoyt to go to Santa Fs.

Attorney-General Bonaparte stuck by
Mr. McHarg, however, and Mr. McHarg
will be on the ground as the direct repre-
sentative of his own and the Attorney-
(ieneral’s interests.

it isunderstood that as a reault of theseveral
conferences held in Washington this week
all except three or four of the nineteen in-
Motmenta will be dismissed. The Federal
court will begin its sessions at Santa Fé
on November 26, and it is said Nhat the
motions to dismigs will be made then.

The reported intention to dismiss the
indictments seems to indicate that the
President is satisfied that District Attorney
adewellyn has not been derelict in his duty.

David |

terms with

Fé |

+NEW. YORK. SUNDAY, “NOVEMBER

“|

23.—J. P. Morgan |

MR, MORGAN RETURNS,

ie Wisit to the White House Exple

in Washington.
WasHinuton, Nov.
and President George F. Baker of the
First National Bank of New York, who
had conferences with President Roosevelt
and Secretary of the Treasury Cortelyou
last night, returned to New
| evening, leaving Washington at 5 o'clock
on a Baltimore and Ohio Railroad train.
Just before leaving Mr. Morgan called
at the office of Secretary Cortelyou in
the Treasury Building and had a conversa-
tion with him. Earlier in the day Mr.
Baker saw Mr. Cortelyou and Comptroller
of the Currency Ridgely. Senator Elkins
of West Virginia called on Mr. Baker this
morning and said afterward that his visit
was to compliment Mr. Baker on the great
| work done by Mr. Morgan and himself
in the financial crisis.
“They are both convinced that the worst
has passed,” said Senator Elkins.
No authoritative account of what oc-
curred at the interviews between ‘he Presi-
dent and Mr. Morgan and Mr. Baker and
between Secretary Cortelyou and the New
York bankers was given here to-day, but
it was explained in a trustworthy quarter
| that the conferences had to do mainly with
the efforts to distribute currency in sections
of the country where there are not enough
| funds to move the crops. Some New York
| banks, it was said, were showing a dis-
| position to assist, and considerable money
had been sent from New York to the West
| and South. Mr. Morgan and Mr. Baker
; had done much to aid thecountry generally,
it was explained, and there was a feeling
of gratification in the Administration over
that course

It is said in Administration circles to-day
that the visit of Mr. Morgan and Mr. Baker
had prodliced a good effect and there was
a decided feeling of optimism in regard to
the financial situation since the Administra-
tion had learned what they bad done and
intended to do to relieve conditions

| The train bringing Mr

| Baker was fifteen

| here Mr Morgan

| of his visit, and Mr. Baker merely said
that the trip and everything connected

| with it had been eminently satisfactory.

Morgan and Mr
minutes late getting
had nothing to

|

| DEPEWS A0TO HELD UP.

| Senator Goes to the Tenderitoin Police Sta-
tien and Balls Out His Chauffeur.

Senator Depew on his way to the theatre
last night was held up at Thirty-eighth
| street and Broadway by Policeman Duane

of the traffic squad, who decided that the

Senator's automobile had exceeded the
| legal rate of speed. In the automobile
| with Senator Depew were his wife, his

son Buster and his niece, Miss Paulding.

Duane told the chauffeur, Irving T. Dona-

hue, of 147 West Sixty-sixth street, to drive

around to the Tenderloin police station,
but relented under the Senator’s soft per-
suasion and decided to allow the man to
drive first to the theatre so that the party
might be in time for tbe first act
The ladies and Dr. Depew's son got out
at the theatre, but the Senator stayed ih,
the machine and went around to the police
station to give bail. Lieut. Gilhooly, who
had the desk, recognized the Senator, at
, once and was delighted when the visitor
reached over the rail and shook him warmly
by the hand.

Senator Depew gave his house at 27 Weat
Fifty-fourth street as security for the bail
bond, fixing the value nominally at $10,000
While thid was going on Acting Captain Bar-
ney Keleher came out of his room. There
was another round of handshaking and
then the Senator was invited into the cap-
tain’s room. He stayed for balf an hour
and the continued laughter was explained
by one of the reserves who said:

“The captain, he always was the polite
man.”

When Senator Depew got through with
the captain he asked to see the policeman
who had made the arrest. Duane was in-
troduced, patted on the back and told that
he was a good fellow, and then the Senator
drove away to catch up with the play in
the middle of the second act

HOHENAU BROUGHT

TO BOOK,

hhatser Orders Investigation of Charges
by Kattor Harden.
special Cable Despatch to THE Sux

BrRLIN, Nov. 23.—Qhe Kaiser has directed
the assembling of a military court of honor
to investigate the charges made against
Count Wilhelm von Hohenau, former com-
mandant of the Kaiser's bodyguard and
subsequently General and commander of a
brigade

The charges that are to be investigated
are those which were raised in the course
of Count von Moltke's libel case against
Maximilien Harden, editor of Zukunft.

A preliminary inquiry into the truth of
the charges has been begun already.
HARRIMAN LINES TO

Construction Work, Stopped by Financial
Flurry, Slaris Up on Dec. a.

Omana, Neb., Nov. 23.—Construction
work on the Harriman system, which was
discontinued when the present financial
flurry began, will be resumed all along the
line on December 1, when thousands of
workmen will be taken back.

The Lane cutoff just west of Omaha,
the heaviest piece of construction work
on the system, will be rushed to completion
before cold weather preventa further work.
The cutoff will be finished by January 1
Work on the double tracking of the main
line will not be undertaken until spring
on account of inability to seeure the steel
rails.

Work on the main line between Cheyenne
and Denver will be resumed, as will work

| on the cutoff northweat of Topeka on the
| road from Kansas City to Lincoln.

When the oold weather prevents further
work on the Union Pacific the workmen
| will be moved to the Coast and the rebuild-

ing of the Coast line between San Francisco
|} and Los Angeles will begin.

RUSSIA PAYS JAPAN,

War Debi Settled in “Londen With a Draft
for Twenty-four Millions.
Special Cable Despatch to Tak Sux

Lonpon, Nov. 23.—A draft for $24,202,200
was delivered to-day to the Japanese Am-
bassador by the Russian Legation here.
It represents the balance due Japan for
the maintenance of Russian prisoners of
war and practically settles all outstanding
accounts between the two nations.

Japan's bill against Russia for mainte-
nance of prisoners originally waa about
| $75,000,000. As a partial setoff Russia had
a bill of about $40,000,000 for maintenance
of Japanese prisoners.

Negotiations for their payment have been
in progress since the middle of last year.

RESUME.

York = this |

say |

(WOMAN ENDS DOUBLE LIFE

NEW ROCHELLE CRIME REVEALS
STRANGE IMPERSONATION,

Mrs. N. M. Smith, Whe Killed Her Husband,
Set Fire to Their Home and Shot Her-
self, Posed for Years as Grace Bulkeley
—Fermer Husband Died of . Polson.

A woman whose mad fancies made her

live under a name that was not hers and
suffer sorrows that had never been a part
of her life ended all her fantasies in the
early hours of yesterday morning by shoot -
ing her husband and then slaying herself
after vetting fire to their home at 80 Wood-
land avenue, New Rochelle.

This was Mrs. Nicholas M. S: mith, the
wife of nine months of a salesman em
ployed by the firm of Frederick Vietor -
Achelis, 66 Leonard street. It was as Grace
Bulkeley Smith, the daughter of the late
Gen, William H. Bulkeley, once Lieutenant -
Governor of Connecticut, and the niece of
United States Senator Morgan G, Bulkeley,
that this woman lived in her husband's
eyes and in the eyés of the few friends in

New Rochelle who knew her. It was as

'

! and that these would be turned over as

Grace Bulkeley Smith that her body was |

removed to the Morgue and her case passed
upon by the Coroner of Westchester county.

Then within twelve hours after she had
murdered her hueband and turned the
pistol on herself the real Grace Bulkeley,
only daughter of that name of the late Gen.
William Bulkeley, now living as the wife
of David Van Schaack in Hartford,

out with a denial of the dead woman's
assumed identity. The very husband that

came

| directed

$2,600,000 FROM ROCKEFELLER |

Makes the Institute for Medical Research
a Permanency.

The board of directors of the Rockefeller
Institute for Medical Research announced
yesterday a gift of $2,100,000 from John
D. Rockefeller, its founder This gift in-
sures the permanency of the institute. |
Mr. Rockefeller'’s previous gifts to the |

The directors of the institute were no-
tified of the gift in a letter from Mr. Rocke-
feller which reachet them last Thursda:

| institute had amounted to $1,200,000. |

high appreciation of the work that the
institute has accomplished since the open- ;
ing in 1901. He told the directors that the
$2,600,000 would be in high class securities

soon aa the institute obtains a charter.

The gift is to be used as an endowment
fund, and it is estimated that the proceeds
from it will be amply sufficient to carry
on the research work. Mr. Rockefeller put
no restrictions on the directors in regard
to the use of the income, leaving it entirely
to their discretion and judgment.

The institute has been entirely supported
by Mr. Rockefeller from the day that it
was founded. The ground on which its
buildings stand at Avenue A and Sixty-
fourth street was given by him.

Recent efforts in the institute have beén
oward discovering a cure for
cerebral spinal meningitie. Dr. Simon
Flexner spent a year abrend in this re-
search work. Dr. Luther E. Holt, seore-

| tary of the board of directors, said last

!
he,

Grace Bulkeley Smith had claimed to have |

once been hers and to have
sane asylum nine or ten years ago is the
husband of the real daughter of Gen
iam Bulkeley and is living

Tragedy seems to have been
of Mre. Smith's thoughts. Her
believed that hie wife's firet husband had
died hopelessly insane ‘after three years
of wedded Hfe and after a daughter
hat been born and had _ died He
also had been led to think that a seeand
hushand died a violent death before he
had been married nine months, and that
another child, the fruit of this marriage.
had followed its father soon after.

Smith himself was shot through the head
while he slept almost nine months to the
day from the date when he made the woman
who did it his wife.

Last night, when news of the woman's
murder of her husband and = iminediate
suicide became public, members of the
Bulkeley family, most of whom live in Hart-
ford, said that the pseudo Grace Bulkeley
had traded on their name for years. Not
for profit, because there could have been
none. Not for more sinister purposes of
‘blackmai!, for there was no excuse for thas.
Why she did Tt they could not say.

Dr Merritt Chambers of New Kochelle,
who was among those who made formal
identification of the woman's body before
the Coroner, told that officer that Mrs.
Smith had once told him the full story
of her life. Besides saying that Was
a daughter of the former Lieutenant-
Governor of Connecticut Mrs. Smith had
said that she was his sole heir

When the Coroner went through the
woman's papers yesterday he found what
purported to be a certified transcript from
the minutes of the Probate Court of Hart-
ford in the matter of the appraisement of
the estate of William H. Bulkeley. The
amount. of the estate going to the heirs was
fixed at $1,145,933.

Mra, Smith had admitted to the doctor,
and it is believed to her husband,that she
was once insane and had been confined in
an asylum. Very recently she suffered
from fevers so badly that her hair had to
be cut off, yet she complained of great
pains in her head and occasionally dropped
into periods of irrationality.

If insane, Mrs. Smith reached the climax
to her dementia on the night she sought
death. For after she shot her husband she
cunningly arranged to fire the house by
laying a train of inflammable material in

fc “ od

the

she

the cellar from two barrels of automobile |

oil. Then she set the spark to the tinder and
went back upstairs to sit near the body of
her husband until the flames should appear,
and the house be blown to pieces.

The fire ate its way to her side and began
to break through into her ftoom when she
answered the hail of frightened policemen
outeide, lay down on a clean new bed, and
shot herself through the heart

It was about 1:30 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing that Frank Stohr, a private watchman
who patrols the section of New Rochelle's
best residences, heard a shot. He waa
standing then on Liberty street, about a
block from the Smith home on Woodland
avenue. The watchman could not locate
the shot and he went carefully up and
down past the Smith home and around the
block several times without becoming any
the wiser.

Almdst an hour later while Stohr was
passing the Smith residence again he saw
a blaze in the cellar through the basement
windows under the front porch. The
watchman rapped on the pavement for
assistance. Policeman Langbein of the
regular New Rochelle force, who also had
heard the pistol shot an hour before that
time, answered the watchman’s signal, and

husband °

died in an in- |

Will- |

| fortress of Verdun, which is opposite Metz,

|

together the two men ran up on the front |

porch and began storming at the door

A front window on the right side of the
porch above opened and a woman, dressed
in her nightgown, put her head out. The
watchman saw the light strike the ruddy
hair of Mrs. Smith and recognized her
white face in the dim light.

“What is the matter down there?” she
inquired in an even voice.

“Your house is on fire,” called the police-
man. “Let us in.”

Mrs. Smith's head disappeared and in
leas than a minute the two men heard a
second shot. It sounded, deadened,
from the room where but an instant before
they had seen the white robed figure.

At the sound of the shot Stohr, the watch-
man, rushed for the front door and the
policeman ran to the firebox on a corner
two blocks away. Smoke was pouring out
of the windows of the cellar by this time
and seeping out of the clapboards along
the front side of the house. Flame showed
through the murk in the cellar.

Stohr beat in the front windows of the
parlor with hie nightetick and attempted
to climb in, but the smoke drove him baok.
Then he heard screams and saw a woman
atthe front window of the third floor. He
was atteropting to raise a ladder he had

Continued on Third Page ¥

,

night that the inatitute had already done
much in researches in regard to tubercu-
losis, cancer and other cigeases.

“We started with ten physicians,” said
“besides those making up the hoard
of directors. To-day there is a staff of
twenty-four physicians and they are gill
busv.”

_——

WAR BALLOON SAILS

10 MILES,

ta Patrie ‘Travels te Verdun to Guard the
Pranco-<4;erman Frontier. é
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Panis, Nov, 23.--The dirigible military
balloon La Patrie sailed to-day to Verdun.
It teft at 845 and arrived at 3:45.
Henceforth it will be attached to the

Three officers and two mechanics formed
the crew

Aeroplane enthusiasts have hoisted the
dirigible balloon experimenters on their
shoulders, calling them condescendingly
balloonists, But to-day's performance of
lw Patrie is likely to silence the shouters |
for some time

The distance from La Patrie’s former
home at Chalais Mendon to Verdun ap-
proximates 300 kilometers, or more than
180 miles, which the balloon travelled at j
the rate of practically twenty-five miles |
an hour w'thout stopping to augment the
gas supp'y. The Patrie’s performance
was the cause of great rejoicing en route
and also in Paris, where it is bailed as prov-
ing the feasibility of aerial naviguéiom.s +.

The weather was far from pleasant, but |
the wind was light.

The greatest height reached by La Patrte
was 1,000 yards, but generally she kept at
a height of about 800 vards. She took up
sixty-four gallons of fuel easence and con-
sumed thifty-one. No ballast was used.

WASP HUNTS FOR BLUEJACKETS,

Gunboat Goes tp the Hudsen on a Ree
eruiting Expedition.

The gunboat Wasp sailed up the Hudson
yesterday on a recruiting cruise that will
keep her away until December 24. She
stopped yesterday afternoon at Yonkers,
where she wilt stay five days. She is com-
manded by Lieut. J. A. Campbell, Jr., who
in September on a cruise of Long Island
Sound persuaded seventy-one men to don
the blue of the navy. On her first trip,
under command of Chief Boatawain Grogan
in January,when she went up the Mississippi
as far as Dubuque. Ia.. she induced 300
men to Join the service.

All that. the men of the Wasp do is to put
before the communities they touch the ad-
vantages and hardships of life aboard the
ships of Uncle Sam Booklets are dis-
tributed and placards and posters are sent
to the postmasters of the places within
five or ten miles of the town where the
gunboat makes a landing, to be hung up in
the post offices. The towns that the Wasp
will take in on this ernise are Tarrytown,
Nyack, Haverstraw, Peekskill, Highland
Falls, Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Catskill
and Hudson,

75 LIVES LOST IN THE ALPS,

350 Other Bad Mishaps This Year—tirowth
of Foothardiness.
Special Cable Despatch to THe Sux

Lonpon, Nov. 23.--Official statistics just
ismued supply the death rate in 1907 due to
misadventure in the Italian, Swias and
Austrian Alps. ‘The number of lives lost
was seventy-five, the majority being Swiss
and Germans. Next came the British
and after them the Italians.

The chief cause of the fatality was fool-
hardiness, which is becoming more preva-
lent every year, in attempting difficult
ascents without a guide and often even
without a companion. Fourteen deatha
were caused by attempts to gather flowers
in dangerous localities. The number of
accidents which are put down as grave
but not fatal was 350.

As prophylactic measures the —
of the statistics recommend international |
action by Switzerland, France, Italy and
Austria to prohibit the ascent of dangerous
mountains unless the climber ia accom-
panied by a “qyly qualified and accredited
guide

PRIZE COW SHOT FOR A DEER

it Belonged io John Hickey, Whe Owns a
Farm in Sullivan County.

Monticeuto, N. Y., Nov. 23.—John
Hickey, a New York man who owns a farm
at Maplewood, Sullivan county, yesterday
found the carcass of one of his prize cows
concealed under a pile of brush and stones
about a mile from his summer home. The
animal, which with a number of others was
in the fleld, had been mistaken for a deer
and shot through the heart, and the hunter
had then covered up the carcags to conceal
his crime,

The open season for hunting deer closed
in Sullivan county on November 15, and it is
iad & tans over = om. a. te killed

juring the
farm 4 is” Rea in

md the wher is trying
sail Soe act Es ”

When in Washingtos, D. ©...
Stop at .
wefegien ates | 5s
~ Ae : Put et ae

| street for discharging a revolver.

een rn ~ one

; WARNING TO OFFICEHOLDERS

PRESIDENT FORBIDS THEM TO
GO AS THIRD TERM DELEGATES.
Sends Letter to a Cabinet Officer Hinting
That Violations of the Order Will Result
in Dismiseal—The Letter, Dated Nov.
19, Was Not Received Until the 32d.

Wasminoron, Nov. 23.—All the officers
of the Administration, including several

' | Cabinet members, who were sayi ester-
In this letter Mr. Rockefeller expressed a | a mee

day that there had been no order issued
by President Roosevelt forbidding Federal
officeholders to work for his renomination
or to accept election as Roosevelt delegates
to the Republican national convention

| found out to-day that such an order had heen

issued. The order, which is in the form
of a letter from the President, is dated
November 19, but curiously enough it did
not reach some at least to whom it was
addressed until to-day. It is not knbwn
that the Postmaster of Washington is to
make an investigation of the unusual delay
in delivery of mail matter.

THE SUN's correspondent was permitted
to read one of these letters. It was written
on White House note paper and was signed
by President Roosevelt. No authorized
copies of the communication were given to
the press, but the following, which is a

' transcription of notes made immediately

after reading it, is a substantially correct
statement of what the President wrote:

My Drar It has been called to my
attention that certain officeholders under
your Department have been proposing to
attain election as delegates to the national
convention with a view to advocating my
renomination or proposing my indorsement
by State conventions. This must not be
You will notify such officeholders as may
be necessary that their acceptance of election
as delegates for this purpose, or advocating
such renomination, will be regarded as a
serious violation of official propriety and wil!
be dealt with accordingly

The letter itself contains nothing that
had not been known previously. It is
construed as an expression of a desire on
the part of the President that Federal
officeholders must not goto the Republican
national convention as members of State
delegations instructed to vote for the
nomination of Mr. Roosevelt. That the
order will be obeyed is not doubted here,
and it is expected that one of its immediate
effecas willsbe the beginning of an active
campaign among Federal officeholders,
probably in the South, to have State con-
ventions send uninstructed delegations to
the national convention.

The success of these efforta will not be
displeasing to the Administration, for as

ong a6 delegations are sot inetructed
to vote for the President's nomination

| Mr. Roosevelt, according to what is said in

Washington, will not be called on to make

any further declaration of aa, intentions
with regard tw a
There is good reason to believe that the

President is willing to have his opponents
within the Republican party kept in a state
of uncertainty as to his course as long a time
as possible. Just that long, it is said by
some of the President's friends, will the
so-called “reactionaries” be prevented
from concentrating their strength on a
man who would be inclined to furnish a
conservative administration.

BOY HUNTER SHOOTS ANOTHER,

Then Hides and Cannet Be Found—h Was
an Aceident —Victim May Recover.
‘Morristown, N. J., Nov. 23.—While out
hunting early this afternoon Louis Dayton
Babbitt, the twelve-year-old son of Mr.
and Mrs. Dayton W. Babbitt of 10% Clinton
street, was shot through the left lung by

William Leonard, 16 years old.

The boys, in company with Edward
Sweeney, 12 years old, had shot a squirrel
and Leonard was reloading the rifle while
Babbitt was dancing about in glee, swinging
the body of the squirre] about his head.
In some manner the rifle was discharged
and Babbitt was struck in the left breast.

Sweeney ran to the Alpton cottage,
half a mile away, and found Dr. H. A.
Henriques there. The physician took the
injured boy home in his carriage. While
the lad is in grave danger Dr. Henriques
thinks he may recover.

Leonard, who is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Leonard of the Parker apartment
house, on Speedwell avenue, has not been
seen since the accident. It is thought by
his parents, who with friends have scoured
the woods in search of him, that the lad is
afraid to come home and has hid.

The police are satisfied that the shooting
was accidental and no warrant has been
obtained for the boy's arrest.

SAVINGS BANK PAYS ALL COMERS,

The Kanpive City Takes Down the Bars—An-
other Mariem Bank to Open Monday.
The Empire City Savings Bank, in Weat

125th street, which on October 24 informed
its depositors that a month's notice would
be required before depositors could with-
draw their money in sums over $50, began
yesterday morning to pay all amounts on
demand. The line of applicants ges no
longer than on other Saturdays and when
the bank closed for the day $90,000 had been
paid out.

Isaac A. Hopper, the president, said that
the bank had expected to pay out $190,000
yesterday and expressed surprise at the
number of new accounts that were opened.

The United States Exchange Bank, near
126th street and Fifth avenue, which sus- |

nded, will reo — to-morrow morning.

notice to this signed by the officers
and Rank Examiner Skinner was posted
on the door yesterday afternoon.

FIRED REVOLVER IN POCKET, |
Rushmeyer Said He Was Dreaming About
His Wife and Pulied the Trigger.

Henry Rushmeyer, a real estate dealer
of 214 Weat 105th street, was arrested last
night at Amsterdam avenue and 125th |
Rush-
meyer held the weapon in the left pocket
of his overcoat and, aiming it to the ground, |
fired. Policeman Metz of the West 125th |
street station took him in tow.

“What did you fire the revolver for?” |
asked Lieut. Kauff in the station house.

to kill ~~
ae me me} laughing.
“I was — my wie My,
hand was on the

it the gun went ott

peers MoManus, standin uy, the
side of , smelled smo

— Set car caecum

be
, See

24, 1907. — Copyright! 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

!

Sunpar, NoveMBER 3, 4907.
Rain to-day; fair to-morrow; fresh
northerly winds.

= 2 —

THIRTY- FOUR PAGES.

TAFT GAINING WEIGHT.

Plays Bridge and’ Throws Snowballs on
Trip Across Siberia.
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sen.
ImkuTsk, Nov. 28.—On an uneventful
Journey through a pleasant but frozen
country Secretary Taft passes the hours
in studying Philippine reports and playing
bridge whist. He is gaining flesh, though
he exercises at the stations snowballing,

| between times chatting familiarly with
| the Russian military and civil officers.

Major Slocum, the United States Military
Attaché at St. Petersburg. will meet the
party at Moscow. The Czar will give Mr.
Taft an audience on Tuesdoy.

ROUND THE WORLD WIRELESS.

Line to Connect Vancouver With Austraiia
Already Planned.

Vancouver, Nov. 23.—F. J. Crqas, who ia |
in the employ of the Fiji Government and
who was sent as specia! representative of

the Colonial Office in London to report on
the proposal to connect British Columbia
with Australia by wireless, returned here
to-day. He declares the proposition to be
easily workable, and stations are now being
erected at Fiji.

The biggest jump will be from Vancouver
Island to Fanning Island. Thence the
route will be to Samoa, Fiji, Ellis, New
Zealand and finally Australia

This will be an important link in the
“round the world” wireless connection
planned by the British Government. Cross

also installed a wireless system at Honolulu ,

for the United States Government

WEATS TO BE CHEAPER,

|
|

Says an Armour Manager—Hogs Have De-

Clined, Anyway.

Omana, Neb., Nov. 23.
further drop in the prices of provisions
and meate next week,” sayid R. (.
manager of the Armour packing plant at
South Omaha. “Hogs fell to-day to 4
cents, and the prospect for a rally in the
price is unusually gloomy

“With the opening of next
wholesale men
large decline in all packing house products
and cold storage food sypplies. The de-
cline is already apparent in many lines
Egaes, butter, pouliry and eut meats vill
fall under the general decline.

“The decline in the principal staples
will not be as pronounced as in live stock,
but will be noticeable, however.”

Mr. Howe does not look for a raturn of
higher markets on meats and live stock
for some time.

:
week the

DRIFTED WITH BROKEN SHAFT.

Steamer Buenos Aires Salvaged
Porto Rican Coast.
Specict Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

San Jvsn, P. R., Nov. 23.-The Spanish
American liner Buenos Aires, after leaving
Ponce on November 11, broke her shaft
and drifted about in the open sea under
sail

The steamer Massapeca picked her up
end towed her into Mayaguez. Capt
Lewis and the erew of the Massapeca will
receive a big salvage, as the Buenos Aires
was carrying a heavy and valuable cargo.

Spanish

SHERIFF AT HOTEL SEVERANCE,

Writ of Attachment Out—Place Recently
Sold.

A deputy sheriff was on guard at the
Hotel Severance, 216 West Ninety-fourth
street, last night to see that none of the
property of 8S, N. Severance & Son, original
owners of the hotel, was carried away by
creditors. This was due to anattachment
secured on Friday on a quantity of ruge
and silverware in the hotel.

The hotel was sold at public auction on
October 31. On November 18 Frederick
H. Menger, the lessee, left the hotel in-the
hands of his brother-in-law, William V.
Ullman, who had acted as his manager.
The restaurant was closed up.

The interest on the first mortgage of
$240,000 held by the Metropolitan Life In-
surance Company, amounting to $15,000,
falls due to-morrow, it was said at the hotel
last night

* STEAMERS IN COLLISION.

Italian Vessel Helvetia Sunk Of Spanish
Coast —FKour Drowned.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

CARTAGENA, Nov. 23.-The Italian
steamer Helvetia and the Relgian steamer
Cap Negro collided here to-day. The Heil-
vetia sank and one passenger and three of
the crew were drowned. The remainder
landed here.

CITY HALL PARK COURT HOUSE.

Chances Are That the Mayor Will Inter.
pose a Veto.

Mayor McClellan will give a public hear-
ing on Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock in
the City Hall on the resolution passed by
the Aldermen appropriating $40,000 for the
temporary building on the site in the City
Hall Park of the old fire house for the ac-

commodation of the additional City Court
Justices. The scheme has already met
with a great deal of criticixm and the prob-
ability is that the Mayor will veto the reso-
lution and will cnaget that quarters should
for the time being be aqeueen in some office
building near the park

KAISER MUCH “BETTER.

Benefited by Stay in Kngland—Operation
May Be Unnecessary.
Special Cable Despatch to Ta® Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 24.—The Daily Mail and
other Harmaworth papers assert that the
Kaiser's general condition has been greatly
| benefitted by his sojourn at Highcliffe. It
is authoritatively stated now that it is
hoped an operation on his ear will be un-
necessary .

BRYAN COMING WEDNESDAY,

Will Meet Here Such Democrats as Favor
His Kenomination.

William J. Bryan will be in this city on

Wednesday and will remain here until

Friday. Mr. Bryan's representatives here
| said yesterday that he will not make a

speech but will give the whole of his time
to conferences with Democratic leaders
who favor his nomination. On Friday
afternoon he will go to New Haven to attend
a meeting and dinner of the New England
Progressive Democratic League.

Detroit Newspapers Raise Their Price.
Derroit, Mich., Nov. 23.—The increas-

Detroit newspapers to advance their price
' from one to two cents. The Free Preaa
made the announcement this mopsning and
the News wiillmake a similar announce-
inderstood.

ment on Monday, it ia u

sg peRUNERT ET

bares ame

“There will be o |

Howe. |

and packers will quote a |

a

amnenrenrnan ee ee

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

YALE WINNER
OF HARD FIGHT

Harvard, Battling Gamely
Against Eli’s Champions,
Beaten 12 to0.

TOUCHDOWN IN EACH HALF

on

Crimson Players Attack Fiercaly
Near Finish and Rush Ball
Close to Goal Line.

Blue's Detence Stiffens to a Wall of Ste
and @ambridge Eleven Losers the @val
on Downs—@oy Takes the Leather
Der Gppenents' Goat Mark Both
Times—Wendell a Power im Harvard
Assaulis—Blue Often Surprised by Un.
eXpected Strength of Rivals, bgt Supe-
rierity in Coneerted Action and Vigt-

Tells the Tale —Lorers Mies Good

“ppertunities —40,000 Persens in the

Stadium toSee the Rival Teametn Action

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 23.— Yale's foot-
ball champions conquered Harvard's eleven
in the stadium to-day by a seore of 12 to 0.
the Blues making a touchdown and goal
in each half. Probably 40,000 wildly ex-
cited spectators saw a memorable battle
in which Harvard unexpectedly braced
with feats of superb football. But, sad to
relate, there were so many lost opportunities,
blunders and bobbles in the work of the.
Crimson eleven when critical moments
arrived that defeat was inevitable. e

Probably no Harvard eleven in the history
of the Cambridge university ever put up
such a plucky fight in face of what seemed
overwhelming odds. Despised by foot-
ball critics in general, but encouraged by
the splendid spirit of the undergraduates,
the Harvard players made the Blue warriors
gasp in astonishment when they reeled off
a series of sensational plays which showed
that a knowledge of scientific gridiron
tactics was not wholly lacking. But the
im provement in Harvard's play came too
late.

Yale was just as powerful as when the
New Haven team defeated the hustling
Tigers a week ago, and that carried the day.
But to Harvard's credit it must be said
that the men who wore the Crimson jerseys
fought to the last ditch. In fact, with a
few seconds to play, a magnificent run by
Wendell carried the leather almost to Yale's
goal line. Then Harvard's kickers fought
as if for their lives to escape a whitewash.

%ALE'S DEFENCE OF STBEL.

With only three inches to be made Apol-
lonio, Harvard's fullback, crashed into
Yale's muscular centre men. There was
a swaying anda terrific struggle, followed
by a fall which buried the Harvard fullback
under a pile of men. Yale’s defence was
a belt of steel and Harvard could not gain
an inch and lost the bail on downs. Then
came another scrimmage in which Brides
dropped the ball a few inches in front of
the goa! line, but before a Harvard grappler
could get the oval for what might have
been a touchdown Goebel and Dunbar
saved it for Yale. The time was up the
next instant and Harvard's chances for
a score were gone.

Hiarvard’s improvement was hailed by
the Crimson rooters with wild acclaim.
it was due wholly to the great individual
work of Wendell, who made several bril-
liant runs; of Mandonald, who tackled
beautifully and played a fine game all the
way through; of Newhall, the plucky quar-
terback, who performed cleverly and made
some dazzling returns of punted balls, and
of Apotlonio, Starr and Burr. Yet while
these warriors shown like meteors in a
cloudless sky their individual achievements
were nullified by a lack of team work which
showed that something had been radically
wrong with the coaching.

GOOD MATERIAL; KNOWLEDGE LACKING.

“The material is al! there,” said a veteran
critic, “but the Harvard eleven does not,
know this modern game of footbal) as well
as do Yale and Princeton. That is all there
is to it.”

Yale, on the other hand, was practically
sure of victory, and for that reason prob-
ably the Blue kickers did not even exert
themselves until near the last part of the
firat half, when they had discovered that
the Harvard men after all were not really
weaklings. Then the well oiled machinery
of Yale's attack, with trick plays in which
there were no blunders, began to assert
itself and Coy was able to cross the line
for a touchdown from which Biglow kicked
a goal.

Still this advantage was not attained
until twenty-five minutes of actual play
had elapsed. It was the result of a series
of attacks which began when Coy made a
fair catch on his 45 yard line. Short gains
were made until a splendid onside kick,
manipulated by Tad Jones and his brother
Howard, landed the leather on Harvard's
20 yard line. Then in spite of the Crim-
son's game defence the score was quickly
made

The second half was not ten minutes
old when Yale secured the ball on the Crim-
son's 30 yard line through a kick which
no Harvard man could reach. Coy, who
made a stab for the oval, missed it, then

| booted it about in a vain effort to pick it

up. Four Harvard men were in the act
of making a dive for the ball when to every-
body's surprise Howard Jones, with a cat-

and before 1 knew | ing price of white paper has forced the | like jump, picked the leather right out of

the Crimson hustlers’ hands.
HARVARD'S LOST OPPORTUNITY.

This lost opportunity by Harvard was
the direct cause of Yale's second touchdown.
It was followed by a similar error of omia-
sion when Brides fumbled a forward pass
troy fret of Barents goal ft fell

paid

22s,