‘VOL. L XXXI,

—No. 350.

FRENCH BEGIN

BACK WITH LOSSES AFTER SEVERAL FIERCE ENGAGEMENTS;
TOWN OF THANN

WILSON AGAINST
U.S. LOANS 0
NATIONS AT WAR

Secretary Bryan Announces:
Opposition to Financial |
\id for Franee,

HELD TO BE VIOLATION |
OF STRICT NEUTRALITY |

No Objection Offered to the
Lending of Money to

Neutrals,

Wa T Aug. 15.—The Wilson |
Administrauan will view with disfavor
the making of any loans to the Buro-
pean belligerents by American bankers.
Ant ent to this effect was made
te y Secretary Bryan

Administration has no objection |
to American bankers making loans to |
neutral Governments in Rurope, but ree |

i eards the lending of money to belliger- |
ents as inconsistent with the true spirit
of neutralit

In accordance with this decision the,
State Department informed the Swiss
Charge d'Affaires to-day that this Gov-
ernment would make no objection to
\merican bankers lending money to
Switzerland, This statement was made

response to an inquiry from the

Swiss Government

The public

ration’s position

statement of the Adminias-

s the result of tenta-

{ live inquiries made by the firm of J. P
Morgan & Co, which has been sounded
inofficially with regard to a proposed
loan to France

Bryan's Statement,

It is understood that the State De-
pafiment will not formally communt-
ate w the bidders, but will leave ‘it
9 the latter to learn the Administra-

on's Views through Secretary Bryan's
announcement to the newspapers, Mr

mi Bryan's statement is as follows

inqu laving been made as to
the attitude of this Government in
caseof American bankers being asked
tu nake loans to foreign Govern-
ments during the war in Kurope the
following announcement is made;

There is no reason why loans
ei not be made to the neutral
G ments but, in the judgment
of this Government, loans by Ameri-
Ca bankers to any foreign nation
Which 's at war is lneonsistent with
the true spirit of neutrality,

This stand by the Wilson Administra-
don mar i new step in the Interpre-

mn oof the requirements of neutrality

   

 

 

THE SUN TO-DAY

CONSISTS OF SEVEN SECTIONS,
AS FOLLOWS: |

Pages
FIRST General News 27,
SECOND —Sporting, Automobiles, |
Kennels 8
THIRD ——Foreign, Special Features,
Fashions, Drama, Books,
Queries 12
FOURTH —Pictorial Magazine lo
FIFTH Fiction Magazine 2
SIXTH Society, Resorts, Schools,
Real Estate, Financial.
Gardens, Poultry, Prob-
lems 12
SEVENTH —Apartment House Guide 8
Totai 80

 

Readers or newsdealers who do not receive
all of these sections will confer a fator
on “The Sun" by notifying the Publica-
tion Department at once by the phone
(2200 Beekman) and the missing sections
will be promptly forwarded, if possible.

GERMANY RECKS NOT
COST OF LIVES OF MEN:

Fight Until
Soldier Is Slain, Is the
Official Stand.

db H EK
4

 

Ready to Every

PARIS ARMY'S GOAL,

Staff Officers Expect) Heavy
Losses, but Are Confident
of Victory.

|
|
By WAKRL H. VON WIKGAND, !
THE SuN's correspondent at Berlin,
Mr, von Wiegand, was the only ameri-
can newspaper correspondent permé@tted
to remain Berlin after the declara
tion of war. He is a German by birth
and an American citizen. He was ar-
rested as a spy, but was relecsed on the
intercession of Ambassador Gerard, He
left Berlin Thursday evening

in

Special Cahle Despatch to Ta
toTTERDAM, Aug 15.
military position, as described
just before [ left the
Berlin on Thursday,
“Rather than
prepared fight
capable of bearing arms is slain.”

The War Office alone kiows just how
much fighting to date the
lines of this policy has cost Germany.
It has cost many men, that much is
known, but the losses have the,
effect only firing the determination |
of the Kaiser and his advisers that the
German cause shall prevail, as for the
it is calm, Reports of

anti-war demonstrations are carer |

Si
German
me
Office in

The
to
Foreign
is this:
surrender Germany is
until man

to every

the along

had
of

untrue,

Only brief stories from (he front sane |
being printed when J left Berlin lo ace |
the first trainload of Ameri-
to Rotterdam. One of
which was denied at once |
by the General Stalf, was that the
Germans had taken the French fort-
ress of Belfort, The German army was |
reported to have driven the French in)
Alsuce back toward the frontier and
tu be holding them in check

The German Imperial General Staff
had not expected any serious opposition

Belgium The Imperial Chancellor
had promised that Germany would pay
for any damage her troops might
in crossing Belgian territory and would |
respect Belgium's territorial integrity
The fighting In Belgium came as a sure | ¢
prise, but the Kaiser and the General
Staff agreed that as Belgium resisted |
she must be conquered at any cost, |

company
can refugees
these reports,

cause

The existence of an understanding ,
between France“and Belgium is indl-
cated by the fact that French troops |

entered Belgium almost simultage ously

with the Germans,

The is going to Paris,

German army

That is the one fact in the scheme of the

|

|

campaign which is permitted to be- |
come known The plan of campaign |
and the routes by which the armies are
to trave, are naturally Kept secret [t|
is taken for granted that great lonees |
} must be expected in carrying @ut such
an undertaking, but the staff officers |
with whom I talked Insist that there
'ean he only one outeome,
Emperor Willlam has aged greatly |
in the last fortnight. His customary |
smile has disappeared and the deep
lines in his face are more accentuated.

Members of his household, however, say
that he is determined to sacrifice every-
thing for the national cause. He ts tn
almost constant consultation with his
military advisers. The Kaiser's position
!s that was foreed into the!
war that she must continue to,
flehi. He is deeply grieved over the |
j losses to the German army, but he
shows no disposition to recede from his |

Germany
and

position,

ATLANTA, BIRMINGHAM, NEW ORLEANS,
MEMUMIS AND THE SOLTHWEST.

| Southern Railway, Premier Carrier of the

| Rautn Six through trains datly from New

ly fork Superb eping and dining car ser

Information N Ofilee, 264 With

y

v "OF ge

& nternational finance,
[ nderstood that the decision rep-
eser jutely the harmonious views
~ Presidgnt Wilson and Secretary gation itself,
Aio regard it as necessary to
24 ideals that they have set forth
Slatemments regarding the Adiministra-
tand on tnatters of international
anee, namely, the six power loans to
hina a ations with Central and
Sout Ai An countries
The Adm tration ts not only averse
to an done which would give
tie Appeara f the United States lend-
1‘ port to one side or the other in the
) “ 4! nffiet, but belleves that the
, minced to-day will indirectly
ave sll effect upon the duration
of 4
Move to Force Peace.
It thut by refusing finan
4 } t to all the bellixerents they
brought to the end of
and mpelled to desist
The United States pructi
ition eapable of muking
{ ‘ ‘| loans whiea not di
r 1 i the war und conee
. its are Jeft entirely
8 r obtaining cash
1 neve tha been taken be-
te Ndministration, As
> Japanese wa \ ean
ted way finane Mi}
Sorth of Japanese securi
j i the United States by
' war
« advocates have for a
‘ naling that the best
ntl wa was for the
thre winker io refuse to
Was not expected that
t
y ‘ if Washington would
‘Unee its objeetions to
ioney to belligerent Powers |
wankers
wn I everal days
ide 448 Opposed to Amer-
naking any loans, but it
at he would eontent him
‘ining from giving public
fthe Freneh loan proposals,
t bankers themselve® to
t ared to make the loan
ry if statement issued by the
ist night tt is not believed
’ the proposed loan to Frane
t \dministration bas publiels
! Vsapproval
ae
t ° was obtainable from ans
¢ of J. PL Morgan & Co
red ! ' ‘
egxurdiog the Administration's |
f the proposed loan to |
gs t t! fact that J.P.
. H , Davison, the two
‘a the tirtn who had been con-
owt hegotiations, were cruising on
: ind are not expected
morrow,,

29th Phone If Madison Sq.—

uN
adv,

  

NEW _YORK, SUNDAY, _AUGUST 16,

ADV

‘and the War Office at Paris announces that a namber of

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Fair to-day; partly cloudy to-morrow;
warmer in interior.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 11

 

 

~ _- ~ aaleiihs ie ee se 3 re

‘PRICE FIVE CENTS.

SS

80 PAGES.

1914. —-Copyright, 1914, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

INTO ALSACE, DRIVING GERMANS

ANCE

 

RETAKEN; AVIATORS DROP BOMBS IN METZ

a

BAVARIAN CORPS DESTROYED
| BY FRENCH IN SHARP FIGHT
| NEAR BLAMONT, IN ALSACE

Encounter Continues Till After Night-
fall and Formation of Defenders
Is Thrown Into Relief by
Lights of Towns.

} ee

KAISER’S TROOPS RETREAT
INTO UPPER RANGES OF VOSGES,

|
|
|

Two French Aeroplanes Drop Bombs on City of
Metz and Successfully Elude Fire From
Earth--German Aeroplane Is
Captured Near Bouillon.

‘

Cable Despate fo Tre St

PARIS, Aug. 15.

The most important successes yet achieved by the
French forces in Alsace are reported in a communique is-
‘sued by the War Office at 11:30 to-night.

A general alvance has begun, several engagements
have been fought and the French arms are said to have
triumphed at every point.

THE COMMUNIQUE SAYS THAT THE REALLY
IMPORTANT FRENCH ATTACK IN ALSACE HAS BE-
GUN AND THAT IT HAS BEEN ATTENDED BY THE
MOST FAVORABLE RESULTS.

! An important encounter took place to-day near Bla-
‘mont, Cirey and Buricourt, where the French destroyed a
| Bavarian army corps.

The engagement was fought upon the heights about
Blamont and Cirey. The villages were brilliantly illumi-
nated, as the fighting continued after nightfall. The French
were enabled to direct their fire to great advantage upon
the Germans, whose formations were thrown into strong:
relief by the lights of the town.

The German columns are retreating from the villages,
the communique continues, and have left behind them
many dead and wounded. The French have also taken
many prisoners and they are pursuing the enemy into the
upper ranges of the Vosges,

The Germans appear to be retreating into the moun-
| tains, but the French are close upon their heels and firing
|i is still keeping up.
ia President Polucare in| The town of Thann in Haute Alsace has been recap-
Paris. The whereabouts of the | tured, the War Office announces, and a large number of

British expeditionary force in Bel- k
* en.
slum and of the British fleet in the | prisoners ta

pec

 

Where the Great Conflict

The French are driving the Germans into the heights ,
of the Vosges, a general advance having been begun.
The town of Thann in upper Alsace has been recaptured

Rages

Two French aeroplanes from the fortress of Verdun
passed over the city of Meiz, and the French airmen |
dropped two bombs into the hangars of the Frasscati air-
ship factory, in which were a number of Zeppelins. The!
| Germans sighted the air craft and made several attempts
prisoners have been taken. It is also reported that Gen. | with guns designed for such work to bring the aircraft to
von Deinling, commander of the Fifteenth Army Corps, jearth, but the aeroplanes dodged about so much that a
which had its headquarters in Thann, was wounded in the | sure aim was impossible and both machines regained Ver- |
fighting. At Ste. Blaise in the valley of the Burche, the ;dun after making important observations and locating
French captured a German flag. ‘the German forces.

WARSHIPGIVES |’ war
ST. PAUL A SCARE

NEWS| ‘IN-

|

 

 

BRIEF

 

BELGIUM.—The main German army
in Belgium, estimated to number |
800,000 men, has begun an attempt
fo turn the left flank of the Franco-

and

Over Carefully, Then British-Belgian army by swinging North Sea are kept absolutely se- The German captives affirm the report that Gen. von
v9 » ssels Dw . ‘re ! . ° . .
to the north of Brussels, upon which |  cret ae a | Deinling, commanding the Fifteenth German Army Corps,
Disappears. the left wing of the allied forees is) RUSSLA,—The Russian General Staff | i ° :
supposed to rest. The army of the announces that Russian troops who had his headquarters in Thann, was wounded In the
a | allies, estimated at 500.000 men, Is have destroyed railroads and tele- |
Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Svs moving to resist the German ad- ; graph lines at eleven points along | ‘fighting.
Lonpon, Aug. 15.-—The passengers on} Yance, in the way of which there | the Hast Prussian border, Russian | At Ste. Blaise in the valley of the Bruche the French
the American Line steamer St. Paul. | ” several heavily fortified posi- | troops encountered a regiment of | | captured a German flag.
which sailed from New York August 7, tions, Uhlans and a regiment of German | ° °
| arrived at Euston station to-night after | Heavy cannonading heard from infantry with artillery nedr Kaltsz | Two French aeroplanes have made a daring flight
an amusing and somewhat exciting voy- | ir direction of Louvain yesterday on the Prussian frontier on Wednes- from the fortress at Verdun over the city of Metz, where
lage. The Duchess of Marlborough was | ndicated that the attack by the day. The Germans retired to the | ;
lone of the passengers. The liner car-| German advance guard o) the Bel- {| vorthwest without fighting. the French airmen dropped two bombs on the great han-
rj » oy are ‘gr 1 ITALY , . . y
ried 3,949 sacks of mail sian headquarters there had begun, ITALY Austria demanded that Italy | gars of the Irascati airship factory, i in which were stabled
There was the usual alarm about! FRANCE.—The War Office announced ive permission for her troops to ‘Zz li
German cruisers scouring the ocean.| Jate last night that important vie- eross Italy for an attack on France. | @ number o eppelins.
While these stories were spreading| torles had been won in a new ad- Italy refused to uccede to the de- The Germans sighted the French aircraft and made
throughout the ship a school of whales: vanee of French troops into Alsace mand. The incident has vastly | il b i h h. i
through which the steamer ploughed| and that a large force waa pressing | CPeased the tension between these | Futi e attempts to bring them to eart Guns designed for
her way caused a report that submarines) the Germans buck at several points. ae ee ; such work were brought into play and the French aviators
had attacked the hin It was sald that an entire corps of | * aris hears that Japan is |

about to declare war on Germany | heard hundreds of shots shriek past them. But none hit, for

nad ge Mag hy tau, the German aeroplanes dodged about so much that a sure aim from the
WASHINGTON.—The rumor that Ja ‘earth was impossible.

pan is preparing to participate in | The machines finally regained Verdun after having

the war is scouted at the Japanese |

Kimbassy. Secretary Bryan has an-| Made some important observations and located the Ger-

On Tuesday there was a heavy storm
which made even the most hardy of the

Bavarian infantry had been wiped
out Ina fight at Blamont and Cirey,

The French War Office suys the
Germans have been compelled to.
abandon for the present the advance
from Metz against Naney.

passengers seasick. While some passen-
gers were
side

that a warship was visible on the other

watching a huge iceberg on !

one of the ship a cry was raised |

side, There was an immediate rush to The French troops operating in| Aniih 1 tl
that side and away in the gray for a the Vosges, on the border of Alsace, oa is ast the Administration | man forces i in the surrounding country. The aviators were
warship was visible, She was appar- are to have ad- | will view with disfavor the making

reported officially

anebd kita dias wales om aoe tee, unharmed and apparently not a single bullet struck their

of any loans to the

American bankers,

ently headed for the St. Paul.

Just then the liner gave a lurch and

belligerents by

a big wave came aboard, The Duchess und to have driven the German | craft.
of Marlborough, various members of the | troops from the town of  Saales, j Another German aeroplane has been captured near
| British nobility and several commoners GERMANY,-A- Kerlin despateh re ARREST POLICE COMMISARY. | P

‘Bouillon, with two officers, one of whom was wounded bv

}and war correspondents on the Hner|  eelyed by the wireless station at Suy- Special ¢ '
. Wig: : at . ie | ‘ Apecia able Despatch to Tare Ses . ° 8 °
eee nS Rae igen | ville yesterday i a “The Seventh Paris, Aug. 15 ate incidents ithe shots which compelled them to bring their machine to
The warship came on toward the st.! French Army Corps and an army |mark even war tragedies, The Civil jearth.
Paul and seemed to look her over.y division from Belfort, whieh had tn-° Guard of Rellevue has been ordered to ee
Without so much as even saying “good! vaded upper Alsnee, were defeated dishand heenuse {n its patriotic zeal to

day,” so,far as known, the warship yesterday by Gerinun troops near

 

 

1 — ~ er _ 2
; keep the village free ‘ . E ( R 4 D | S B _ '
went her way, It is generally supposed!  Nfyelhausen.’ Karl id vonaviaennn I 1B ree of susplelous , ( a i Ne WIMi
: J , \ j “up “ Sar » vou KANG. | characters was led into the mis-
that the vewel was one of the English Tur Sun! nas nite , . ™ wo ™
crulset's which are ao effectively pa-| we Sun's Berlin correspondent, take of arresting the local police com. WI] H FOILING INVADE RS
trolling the North Atlantie lane, cubles from Rotterdam that "“Ger- anny The official received several 4 J
The St. Paul crapt outside the Mer-| Many Is prepared to tight unt! every wounds i Special Cable Despateh to Tar Son keneral attacking army engaged, 'T
sey for nearly twenty-four hours, All man capable of bearing arms is A : — | Vanis, August 15 summary confirms the reports that tre
the passengers who had been trans-! — giajin.” VACATION OUTING 1 THe LAND OF An offjeial summary of France's posi- German reservists had mobilization or-
unas Bae. tae ar Kronpringssla| q REAT BRITAIN.—Field Marshal) pion, wa tl@s0@ Bound ie. Cae tion in the war to date was issued by ders to rejoin their commands av Vi
| en i? ane ops i 4 oO Aus from ashington » to shevi eo 8.C., Jove > ‘ t - un Po . c san Ore nels
vrian names were subjected to a kindly| S!r John French, commander inj and other Western’ North Carotina potais the Gove ramen shis afte rn on It be- | dun, neln » Cha ne and other ren
. : . " , . sv, Washington Aug. 28th, good to return or ne by deseribing the check deait to. towns from the fifth to the fifteen
but rigorous inquisition and actual Ger- ehlef of the Britism veld army, con- | any ra'h MOD. Lal eGtiman sleeping and{Germany's rushed altack by way of| day of mobilization
é 2 ts » » Ining car service nirormatio P ° r >
mans and Austriane were detained ferred with the French Minister of | ran av Office a4, r itth Ave - "dt othe re Nancy, tn which the first line of the Speaking of the second rushing at-
A, ’