—_—

a

oe

VOL. LIIV—NO. 119.
10 KEEP UNEMPLOYED AWAY

WORK TEST “ sveorsTED BY THE
CHARITABLE SOCIETIES.
Informal Mecting to Consider Heading On
the Rush That Is Already Beginning
~@One Plan is to Set the City’s
' Ledgers at Work on Blackwell's Island.

That an army of tramps and unemployed
fa headed for New York is the opinion of
some of the experts here who have been
lately studying the situation as revealed
thus far this winter. A sudden jump in
the number of applications at the Municipal
Lodging House and some of the bureaus of
the Charity Organization Society gives rise
to the belief that the actvance guard of such
an army is already here. \

With a view to meeting this situation
and to protect New York from such an
army a conference of persons interested
in the charitable care of the homeless was
held yesterday afternoon in the United
Charities Building, at which a number of
plans were discussed.

The meeting was the second conference of
@ committee formed at the instance of
Robert ‘4. Bruere, general agent of the
New York Association for Improv ng the
Condition of the Poor. The commitiee
ineludes 0. F. Lewis, superintendent of the
application bureau of the Charity Organiza-
tion Society; W. Frank Persons, assistant
secretary of the society; Supt. Merrill of
the society's wood yard; Supt. William ©.
Yorke of the Municipal Lodging House
and Leonard EF. Opdycke, secretary of the
Apeociation for Improving the Condition
of the Poor. Representatives from the |
State Board of Charities and other organi-
vations conducting relief work met with
the committee. Charities Commissioner
Hebberd and Health Commissioner Dar-
ington also attended the conference.

It was said that the purpose for the con-
ference was to talk over the general aitua-
tion, but that it had een prompted more

     
   

 

‘especially by the conditions at the Municipal

Lodging House, which might or might not
be an index of what was going on.

Figures were presented at the a
by the superintendent showing that not
only was the present lodging howsae, which
accommodates somewhat more than 30,
full avery night, a condition most unusual
in itself, but that it had been necessary
lately to use for the overflow the pier at
the foot of East Twenty-sixth street, where
Commissioner Hebberc has his offices.
From fifty to sixty men a night have
been sent over there. On the night of
December 16, when there was a snow-
storm, the number sheltered on the pier
rose to 316. All that the men get on the p.er
is a bench to sleep on.

The total overflow at the Munic'psi
Lodging House from December 1 to De-
cember 23, Mr. Yorke said, was 2,358. [In
1906 the overflow for tne entire year was
only +057.

An interesting aspect was given to these

figures when Mr. Yorke said that at least
two-thirds of the number now applying f r
shelter seemed to be men from ont of town
Such a jump in the number of applicaticns

has never been known before
While these figures would aeen to indi

cate an unusual amount of distress due to
hard times the state:nents mate byw re: re-
sentatives of some of the societies envave
largely in house to house work arong the
poor showed apparentiy that the situation
in this city as regards the IS neless is not

bad. As a matter of fact, it was said. a
canvass, > far as one could be ace. bes
shown that so far as ; ersone actialiy liv-
ing in New York and belonging here were |

concerned tho situation was noi much di?-
ferent from what is usual at this season of
the year.

The fear that tramps and unemploved
persone throughout the country have taken
it into their heads to move on New Yor
led to the discussion of a plan to head of
such an invasion before .t was (oo late

As a possible deterrent, it was suggesie!
that the Derartment of Charities should
require those whom it boarda for the night
to do a little work. What is known as the

work test has been tried before in other |

cities, but never in this. Some of those
at the meeting thought it would be a goot
time to begin, and Commissioner Hebber.i
is to take this plan under advisement. |i.
was the opinion of some of those present
that with New York fying such a signal
the homeless from other paris of the coun-
try would turn hack.

The plan suggested yesterday involves
the use of an old stone quarry over on
Blackwell's Teland. It hasn't been used
for a good many years, but there is still a
lot of stone there and it was suggested that
able bodied lodgers at the city’s boarding
house who were without employment
might he sent over to the isiand early in
the day to break up stone, returning after
a few hours work. The stone could be
used for making macadamized roads on
the island. °

Commissioner Hebberd presided at yes-
terday's meeting, at which this and other
plang were considered. ©. F. Lewis of
the Charity Organization, who acted as
Secretary, made a brief statement after it
was over, in which he said that the need of
such a work test fér the Municipal Lodging
House had been particularly emphasized
at the meeting. He said that the desira-
bility of making arrangements between
public and private charitable societies and
the snow contractors had aleo been recom-
mended. Under such a plan, he said, in
the event of snowstorms large numbers of
men might be placed quickly at the disposal
of the contractors.

“Any general relief measures for the
unemployed seem entirely unnecessary at
this time,” said Mr. Lewis. “The increase
in the destitute homeless class has not by
any means been so noticeable as to war-
rant an assumption that an abnormally
large number of men are now destitute
lew York for whom large relief meas-

New York has evidently little or no work
for strangers who come here in search of
it ”

employment.

Mr. Lewis explained that the meeting
had been entirely informal and was not to
be considered a meeting of accredited rep-

ee ee eee

 

FLEET HAPPY PRY AP TRINIDAD.

Good Behavior of of Battleships’ Liberty Par-
tes Causes Satisfaction.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Porr or Sprain, Trinidad, Dec. 27.—The
officers and crews of the American battle-
ship fleet continue to have a very enjoyable
= here. The commanders are giving

it he men as much shore leave as possible
and the latter are taking advantage of it
to explore every part of the city and vicinity.

This evening Sir Henry Moore Jackson,
| Governor of Trinidad, entertained the fleet
captains at dinner at Government House.

The race meeting was continued to-day
and it was largely attended by the mem-
bers of Port of Spain society and a large
number of the American officers.

The town is filled with liberty men from
the fleet, who are behaving themselves
in a most seemly manner. It is a matter
for congratulation that hitherto there has
been no complaint whatever against the
| conduct of the men while ashore.

The tender Yankton, convoyed by the

auxiliary cruiser Panther, sailed this morn-
'

 

ing for Rio de Janeiro. The Yankton,
which was not able to keep up with the
remainder of the fleet on the passage here
from Hampton Roads, was despatched
to-day in order that she might arrive at
Rio at about the same time as the battle-
ships, which will sail on Sunday on the
3,100 mile run to that port.

The Virginia, Minnesota, Rhode Island,
| New Jersey, iouisiana, Vermont and Maine
spent several hours this morning correcting
variations in their ommpaame in the -Guif
of Paria.

CRUISERS OUT FOR PRACTICE.

San Francisco, Dec. 2°.--The armored

cruisers Colorado, Marvitand, Pennsylvania
j and the Weat Virginia, flagship of Admiral

Dayton's squadron, left port this afternoon

and will proceed to Magdalena Bay for

target practice.

On their way down the coast all four ves-
sels will practiaa man@uvres and upon the
arrival of the battle fleet will be joined by
the first clasa cruisers Tennessee and Wash-
ington

The Nebraska io at Mare Island taking on
ammunition and will sail on January 3 for
the south to join the others.

 

HENRY F. TERRY A SUICIDE.
~_ of Wytlys Terry Shoots Himself in
Prospect Park.

Henry F. Terry, member of the well
known Brooklyn family, was found dead
in Prospect Park, Brooklyn, lat@&last night.
He had shot himself in the chest.

Cards found in his pocket identified him.
His brother. the Rev. Eliphalet B. Terry,
of 12 Re nsen street, made a positive iden-
tifieation later. Another brother is Wyllys
Terry

 

 

 

 

San Francisco last Janvary. He came
here from the West two weeks ago =
bought a farm in Rockland county.
had heen mentally unbalanced for some
time. ss re
NO. TURKEY FOR ROOSEINELT,
| President ant Dr. Rixey Spend Part of a
\ Way im Froiticss Haunt.

Scorravitie, Va., Dec. 277.--The hinges
on the gate at Pine Knot, the Virginia home
! of Mr. and Mrs. Rocgoveli, had ao chance
t> grow ris’y to-day
back and forth half a score of times to ad-
mit and reiers® vistors

The day had been svnny,
windy. becoming cold and
evening

Mra, Rooseveli and Miss Carew
drive, accompanied by Joseph
| behindra pair of thoroughbreds.
| The President and Dr. Risey spent par.
| of rhe day wici the guns and dog», iramp-
| ing about the woods and fieids looking
| for wild turkeys, which they cid cox find.
| The President and bis tova oa7 a long
| chese after rabbita with te beagles this
| morning. It is not reported that anv rab-
bite were taken. Quail are plentiful about
| Pine Knot, mut the President has set his
'
|
|
}
|
}
f
|

 

though rather
raw towsid

took a
\.i.mer,

heart on bigger- game.

t. S. WINS COAL FRAUD APPEAL.

@treult Court Holds That Uvidence Against }

Jakway Was Admissible, .

Sr. Louis, Dec. 27.- in tne suit of the
United States against the Ute Coal and Coke
| Company, Lewis ©. Jakway. Frank W.
| Stubbs and others to recove: $426,000 worth
| of coal alleged to have heen taken from

Government lands in Colorado the Federal
Circuit Court of Appeals to-day reversed the
judgment of the lower court, which found

against the Ute Coal and Coke Companv

but not against the other defendants and
| pre damages for merely the difference |
ween the cost of mining the coal and the |
amount it sold for gt the mouth of the mine.
The United § reece = = no dies

The Appellate Court says the jury in t
lower court should have heen permitted
to consider the evidence against Jakway.
“There is substantial and persuasive evi-
dence that Jakway knew that this coal
was the property of the Government and
that he intended to appropriate it to the
use of the coal company and Stubbs and
Jakway,” said the opinion.

ARREST NO. 175

By Riordan, Wasserman and Others in
East Side Gambling (Crusade.

County Detective Riordan, Sergt. Was-
serman and two detectives from the District
Attorney's office made their .one hundred
and seventy-fifth arrest in the
against Fast Side gambiers last night. ‘T hey
raited a stuss © in the rear of a coffee
parior on Eldridge street and gathered in
sixteen men, 100 packs of cards and about
oy in coin.

Ri Serger, whom they believed to be

the propristor of the place, was locked up |
iq

uarters on the charge of maintain-
ing a gambling house. The others a

Favors 40 Year Subway Leases.
It is understood that the Public —
Commission is considering the advisability
of recommending that a limit of forty

years, with an option of twenty years
more, be set for the leases of subways con-
atructed ‘ate capital. The present

‘or a twent; oe we
the epanlesion. it is on. Yeo come to the
belief that it is not oufficiont to induce bids

by private corporations.
Wants Retired Naval Officers Retired.

There are about twenty retired officers
on duty at the navy yard in Brooklyn and
various stations under « * su ision of
Rear Admiral Goodrich

IR Eg

ne ee ee — ms the ate

active duty
|. full pay ~

a
a Se. to Boaptent Sunday. emember

 

 

SOE areas ae |

e

'. \ x -

 

Yr. Terry tried to kill himself by gas in ,

‘Toney have swung |

 

  

 

 

' HOODWINKED DR. MACCRACKEN :

WERNER THRULI POSED AS
OF A SWISS EDUCATOR.

 

SON

 

“President” of University of Zurich His |
Father—New York University Head |
Got Him Inte Students’ Club—Stole

= There and in Many Other Piaces.

|

Police Headquarters last night took in a
clever swindler who so fooled Chancellor
Henry M. MacCracken of New York Uni-
versity that he gave the man a card intro-
ducing him into the Students’ Club, thus
making his work easy for him. The prie- |
oner is Werner Thuli, 19 years old, and he
aays he is theson of thepresident of the Uni-
versity of Zurich, at Zurich, Switzerland.
The university has a rector, whose term of
office is a year, and who is elected from
the faculty.

Thuli wae graduated from Oxford, Eng-
land, last year and came then to this coun- |
try, according to his story. On December !
21 he called upon Chancellor MacCracken
at his home and presented his card.

“You ought to know my father,” the
young man said to the chancellor.
| “Why, yes,” answered Chancellor Mac- .

Crechen: “I met your father several years

ago.”
| Thuli then told Chancelior MacCracken
|; that he had been ill in Believue Hospital
| for several months and was out of a place
and in need of money. He asked Chan-
cellor MacCracken if he would not help him
get a place.

Chancellor MacCracken gave Thuli a
letter to Thomas E. Robbins. who lives
at the Students’ Club at 328 West Fifty-
sixth street, and asked Mr. Robbins to
; see that Thuli was taken care of at the
qjub and that any expense incurred at the
club would be paid by the chancellor.
Chancellor MacCracken then told the young
man that when he had got work and got
himself into better physica! shape to come
and see him.

Thuli went to the club on the night of the
twenty-first and was made welcome as a
| friend of the chancellor's. He remained
there until December 28, when he was seen
to come in with a new suit case.

Apparently he went direct to the room of
| Mr. Robbins and there took a new fur over-
| coat valued at $200 and a diamond stick-
pin valued at $0 and disappeared from
the club. The Students’ Club at once
notified Chancellor MacCracken and he in
turn called in the aid of the Detective Bu-
reau.

The first thing the police learned was |
that the Swiss Benevolent Society in’ this
| city was very anxious to find the young
| man, as he had been swindling members
of that society in the name of his father.
They also learned that the Charities Or-
ganization Society wanted to interview
| the young man about several! matters.

From a Mrs. Wadileigh, who represents
the Charities Organization Society at Belle-
| vue Hospital, the detectives learned that
| young Thuli had not been in the hospital }
| for many months. Mrs. Wadleigh told the
' police that she held $10 which had been
sent to Thuli at the hospital by some friend,

! but that he never had called for the money.
Detective Flynn called upon H. H. Bernt-
| ehan, who is a banker at 18 Exchange place,
and alao the Swiss Consul in this city.

When Flynn mentioned Thifli's name the

Consul became greatly excited and said that
| mo one was more anxious to see him than he
| was,
| According to the story told by the Consul,
| young Thuli had forged the name of the
| Consul in a letter to his father in Zurich,
| in which the Consul said that he was finan-
| cially embarrassed and in need of aid and

 

 

 

 

asked President Thuli to lend him some
money. ‘The police say that they have
also unearthed several other queer trans-
actions of the young man of a similar char-
acter.

Last night a member of the Charities
Organization Society was on a southbound
| Broadway car when he spotted young
Thuli. He spoke to the voung man and
| after talking some time to him told him in
a cagua' way that a Mr. Hatton, 'iving at
+ 16 West Fifty-first street, wanted to see him
very much and that Mr. Hatton had some-
' thing for him

Thuli said he would go there at once,
and the other man at once notified Gal-
lagher and Flynn, the two detectives on

| the case, who hurried to the address and had
just arrived when Thuli came along and was
arrested.

At Police Headquarters Thuli refused to

; ay anything at all concerning himeelf.
| He had in his possession two pawn tickets

for the overcoat and the atiok pin.

| FRENCH SUBMARINE BLOWN UP.

Explesion of Gas on the Ventose at Cher.
bourg—No One Killed.
Special Cable Despatch @ Tam SUN.

CH uRo, Deo. 27.-The Ventose, one
of thé’ new submarines of the French navy,
was practically destroyed to-day by an
explosion of gas. There was no loss of life.

POSSE CAPTURES BANK ROBBERS.

Karly Morniog Battle Followed by Success
ful Chase—-®2,800 Loot Recovered.

Sr. Josepu, Mo., Dec. 27.—The bank at

Camden Point was robbed by three men

' early this morning. They got $2,500, of
which $1,000 was in silver.

A battle between citizens and the robhers

took place, in which many shots were ex-

| changed.
The robbers escaped to the woods on the

 

Platte Kiver, near Junction,
where ow were captu the posse.
One identified as Clyde ee. 2%
yore old. the son of a ble farmer.

have been jailed in Platte City.
a money was found ina strawstack

 

HAND IN DETECTIVE’S POCKET.

Man, Who Would Have Got 10 Cents Onty,
Arrested.

Edward Fisher tried to pick Central Office |
Detective Casassa’s pocket yesterday in a

subway train and aa a result was landed in |
Police Headquarters. All the detective had |
in the pocket Fisher was fumbling with was |

°19 cents.

Casasea on a downtown express
train at Fourteenth street y morn-
ing at 10 o'clock and as the car was crowded |

hehad toatand. He feltahand in one pocket |
nen -_ Fisher in the act of extracting the |

x . sccarne Fisher creek eat
oo. who hag direadySerwed

 

i Tombs ipo oneen ot wi Sines
Brose ene pln ove, here Mie
4
After all USHER Scoter
tes mode tho highball lamoun--aan
ps Ma ‘ °

tt . 5 Pay aha,

 

en

| To WITHDRAW U. 8. DEPOSITS.

Bankers Kxpect a Heavy Drain From
Washington in January.

In well informed banking circles it is
expeated that the of the Treasury
will issue a call early in January for part
of the (overnment deposits held by banks

throughout the country. It is recognized
| that the amount will bo large, but Sow
—— yesterday cared to make an esti-
it was believed that the
total would not fall below $25,000,000.
Washington despatches yesterday said
that the working balance in the Treasury
had been reduced to $3,600,000. In the
current month, it was said, the revenues
show about $6,000,000 less than the revenues
for last December, but the expenditures
are $7,000,000 greater. There have been
very heavy clecreases in the receipts from
customs and internal revenue, the principal
sources of Government income.
| In normal years the expenditures of the
; Government in the first part of a quarter
| Sreatly exceed the receipts. There is no
| reason to expect that with the constant de-
| crease of revenue the excess of expendi-
tures over receipts in January will not be
much greater than in any month of the re-
i cent past.
| Secretary Cortelyou is still ill and as far |
| as the banks have learned no official action
has yet been taken. It is expected, how-
‘ever, that the deposits will be withdrawn
gradually, that the withdrawals will not
i bear heavily on any particular locality and
| that they will be accomplished in such a

 

 

| way as to interfere as little as poasible with-|

| the January 1 interest and dividend dis- |
bursements.

JAPAN GRIPS MANCHURIA HARD,

Bitter Complaint te the Times” of Viola-
tions of Open Door Programme.
Speciat Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.

Lonpon, Dec. 28.—The Pekin correspond-
ent of the Tin.ea cables a strong indictment
of Japan for persisting in her occupation
| of Manchuria. He says the whole of the
| South Manchirian Railway, from Kwang
| Chengtaze to Dalny, is held by Japenese

| troops and is subject to the same military
inapeciion as during the war,
| A whole division of Japanese troops is

stationedat Liaoyang. Six battalions patrol
| the railway. Armed soldiers enter every
| compartraent of the trains at every station.
Ladies complain of their rudeness.

The Chinese wish to continue the Pekin
main line into Mukden, where the station
is two and a half miles distant, but the
Japanese forbid this because it would orcas
their line. China contracted in November
| with a British firm to extend the Pekin-

Asinmintun railway northward fifty miles

of Fanumenn,

Japan forbids the construction of the ex-
tension on the ground that it would com-
pete with the South Manchurian line, al-

though the nearest point on the extension
is thirty-five miles from the South Man-
churian Railway.

The correspondent concludes that it is
impossible to reconcile this prohibition
with any rational interpretation of the
open door policy.

—————
CLARENCE DARROW OUT OF CAsz.

Compelied by iness to “Turn Pettibene’s
Defence Over to Wiison.
Botsr, Idaho, Dec. 27.- Clarence Darrow,
thief counsel for the defence in the Pettibone
case, has been forced to retire from the case,
for the present at least, on account of his
health.

He left this afternoon for Los Angeles,
where he will submit tova mastoid opera-
tion, which has become necessary because
of an abscess in the middle ear which has
given him trouble for the last 4ix months.

After he delivered his opening state-
ment to the jury yesterday afternoon his
physicians informed him that if the opera-
tion was not performed his life would be
endangered. There is little probability
that he will be able to return to Boise in
time to make the closing address for the
defence.

Ex-Congressman Edgar Wilson will be
in charge of the defence for the present.

|
'
:
'
|
|

 

 

ADDICKS JUDGMENT SOLDCHEAP.

Bay State Gas Receiver Accepts Less Than
\ 20 Cents on the Dollar.

Wimineron, Del., Dec. 27.--In
United States District Court to-day Judge
Bradford issued an order authorizing the
assignment by Receiver George Wharton
Pepper of the Bay State Gas Company of a
judgment obtained by him against J.
Edward Addicks for $1,399,000 to Charles F.

Hinchman of Philadelphia for $100,000 cash.

—— eee se

the

it was argued that $100,000 in hand would
be better than the chances of realiz ing on
the Addicks judgment.

This action virt ually closes the Bay State
Gas litigation. Addicks expresevd satis-
faction with the assignment of the judg-
ment, and said he approved the election of
Thomas W. Lawson as president of
company.

ASSEMBLY CLERKSHIP FIGHT.

Ray H. Smith on the Ground and Says He Is
Confident of Winning.

ALBANY, Deo. 27.—Ray H. Smith of Syra-
cuse, the present deputy clerk of the
Assembly, reached Albany to-night. He
is on the ground to stay until the Assembly
clerkship fight is settled in the Republican
caucus next Tuesday night, and if he does
not land the clerkship he says he will retire
from the State service, but he has every
confidence in his election.

Col. Archie BE. Baxter, clerk of the As-
sembly for the last twelve years, has not
yet reached here. His friends insist that
he will win. The Grand Army men of the
State are working like Trojans for him.

the

 

 

NO AMERICAN NEWS ©O. STRIKE.

| Three Year Wage Agreement Providing
Increase im Pay to Be Signed.

The Newspaper aod Mail Deliverers’
Union decided last evening to accept the
terms of the American News Company
and the threatened strike was averted.

| General Manager Stephen Farrelly of the
company said last night that an agreement
| for three years will be signed to-day by
which the men get$la week more than the

| present wi , which are $16 a week for
| drivers an = for distributors. The de-

were for an advance of $3 a week,
| which the co noone thought excessive.

} The vote of the union was 630 to 340 inet
/a etrike. This statement was on
if o? the union:
nite wo BE yet g all we ached for we
believe we pres-

ezine’ | ent state

Ea Saree
he PEER,

 

 

 

TAMMANY COMMITTEE NAMED TO
HEAR THE CHARGES.

 

Leadership by Fraud Williams, Ahearn
ami Nagle Are Retnstated According
te the Announced Smooth Programme.

Roswell D. Williams, James Ahearn and
Percy Nagle got in as members of the
Tammany executive committee last night.
There wasn't any hitch in the programme
and the reorganization of both the executive
and general committees for the ensuing year
was acoom plished in almost record time.

While Williams, Ahearn and Nagle, after
being barred out of the executive com-
mittee for a year, are now members in good
standing it would appear that the troubles
of Fire Commissioner Lantry are not over
vet, for at a meeting of the new executive
committee, held immediately after its ap-
pointment by the general committee,
charges were presented against him by J. J.
Hassett and Michael Conry of the Sixteenth
district, Lantry's district. Hassett and
Conry are the men who disputed the leader-
| ship with Lantry at the last primaries.
| Lantry is accused of having accomplished
hia election by fraud and corruption and of

having been aided and abetted in this by
; Members of the police and fire depurt-

ments, These charges were referred to a
| comm of five to investigate. The
' committee appointed by Chairman Thomas
| F McAvoy, who was reelected as head of
| the new committee, is made up of John T.
Oakley, William Dalton, Christopher Sulli-
van, William J. Wright and Peter J. Dooling.
The action last night in the case of
Lantry, who has been an out and out
MoClellan leader, is similar to that a year
ago when charges of treachery. to the or-
ganization were made and referred to a
committee. The committee never met
and Commissioner Lantry retained his seat.
The bringing of new charges against Lantry
and the appointment of a committee to
investigate was taken as meaning that
Leader Murphy still wants to hold some-
thing over Tantry for use if he deems
it necessary. fle appeared to be the only
one of the five leaders who had lined up
with the Mayor to be singled out for any
mark of displeasure.
This is the executive committee named

a SS

ee

James J. Hagan. . Eugene J. MeQGuire.

Francis J. Lantry. Michael J. Garvin.
R. D. Witllams. Arthur H. Murphy.
‘. Bart Dunn. Wilttam FE. Morris.
J. Sergeant Cram was elected again
unanimously to head the general com-
mittee. Mr. McAvoy presented the names
of the new executive committee as decided
upon at a meeting of the old executive com-
mittee just before the new general com-
mittee was called to order. As the names
were read the adherents of the various
leaders gave some cheers. The greatest
outburst of cheering came whenthe name
of John F.. Ahearn of the Fourth was read.
The two meetings did not last half an

last night;

1 D. FE. Finn. 18S. John V. Coggey.

2. T.F. Foley. 19 = James Ahearn.

3. T.P. Sullivan. 20. Maurice Featherson

J.T. Oakley. a James J. Walsh.
4 John F. Ahearn. 33 William H. Sinnott.
P. J. Scully, 23 Thomas F. McAvoy.

5 Charles W. Culkin. 2% John J. Dietz.

6 Benj. Hoffman. 25N. George F. Scannell.
7 Frank J. Goodwin. 2S. J.F. Prendergast.
4 Cc. D. Sullivan. ™* James J. Frawley.
oN. P. J. Dooling. 27. .G.L. Donnetian.
es. Willlam Dalton. a N.J, Hayes.

10 Julius Harburger. 29 Thomas E. Rush.
n. TT. J. MeManus. WN. Wallave S, Fraser.
12. JobpJ.Murphy. 20S. Percival BE. Nagle.
13. John F. Curry. a. William J. Wright,
4 W. J. Royhan. S2N. Thomas H. O'Neill.
5 gas.
16 )

7 mu

18N »

hour. It was not announced when the
Lantry investigating committee would
meet.

 

FIGHTING EDITOK ARRESTED,

Bonftls of the Denver | “Post”? Charged
With Assaulting Ex-Senator Patterson.

Denver, Dec. 27.—-Fred G. Bonfils of the
Denver Post was arrested to-day on a
warrant sworn out by Thomas M. Patterson,
formey United States Senator and pri cipal
owner of the Rocky Mountain Newa and
Denver Times, charging him with aasault
and battery.

Bonfils was taken before Justice Thomas !
Carlon. He gave bonds for his appearance

for trial. i
The assault was committed yesterday

Patterson's paper.

In a card published in the Pos’ to-day
Bonfils savs he will call Patterson to account
every time they meet if similar publications
continue.

A CASUAL CAPTURE.

Policeman Interrupts Trip to Theatre With
Wife to Take Two Men.

Sergeant Thomas Tunney captured two
men by a lucky’ chance last night as he
and his wife were on the way to the the-
atre. Tunney lives at 411 West Forty-
third street. As he ang his wife came
out of the house Mrs. Tunney wey, Nanpease
to look across the street toward
saw two men kneeling down in the shadow
of a doorway, and between them there
was what looked like a man lying down.

“That looks funny to me,” she remarked

‘eit ue 1 will join the bunch
° 0) my-
gfe .
over to where the men were

 

SSD SSS SSS sss SSS SS SP

on

mf, over them. T were #0
alee unney and
he heard them

 

“Pat, that's &§ lookii
1 io uy, some an ee
Lo iwcens ma &.’

“Let me hel ” said Tunn

He de two end © ot le fol-
lowed which laced until the patrol wagon
came from the Weat Forty-seventh street
station house in answer to a call sent in
ws Mrs. > See, There the men said they

"Mara of 698 Sixth avenue
oan Robert Williams of 323 East Twenty-
‘third street. They were charged wi
Singh a iooked op coved Cif te

r; t. -
jm “He said was Iaid
Cohen and lived at 58 East 106th west.

MRS... EDDY’S 81,000,000 CHARITY

Wil Be Merely a School for Teaching Poor

People Science Healing.

Boston, Dec. 27.— Mary Baker G. Eddy’s

$1,000,000 charity fund institution is to be a

| train achool for poor people who desire
| to “morn Chriatian Science healers.

“This fund will be an educati

says Archibald M .

woh " taaipone parsons, will

 

ee

and grew out of an attack on Bonfils in |

+NEW YORK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER. 28. 1907.—conron. 1007, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association...
LANTRY IS AGAIN ACCUSED

| Hemlocks.”

 

 
  

m pita Bee,
Beis wed yim ab Seareae We

mre

Spies Bald to Have Made Klaberate Draw-
nge of Pertiand and Ite Environs.
PorTLAND, Ore., Dec. 27.—Mayor Harry

K. Lane created a setisation to-day in an

| address before the National Guard Associa-
Rivals in Hie District Say That He Won His |

tion when he declared that agenta of the
Japanese Government had obtained ac-
curate maps of the city of Portland, maps
of every roadway leading into the city
and maps of various pipe lines from which
the city obtains its water supply.

Sarexnar, Decemarr 28, 1907.
Rein and colder to-day; fair to-morrow:
winds changing to northwesterly.

JAPANESE - MAP COAST cries! | |

 

 
 

 
 

NEW MANAGER IN pe

 

HE MAY SOON ANNEX FRANK H.
HITCHCOCK TO HIS BOOM.

 

First Assistant P.M. dG. Regarded asa Trump
Card-—Verys Will Net Be Displaced,
but Will Remain in Charge of the Comm.
bus Headquarters of tho Tat, Movement.

Wasurnoroy, Dec, 2°.—ff plane now
under way are carried into effect an an-

According to the Mayor the elaborate ; nouncement will be made in Washington

drawings prepared by spies are superior
in every way to anything possessed by the |
city

The Mayor did not discover the presence
of the spies until their work was completed,
whereupon he transmitted his information
to Washington and was requested to furnish
all details of the operations of the alleged
spies.

TWO MONTHS FOR SLANDER.

Girt Who Wrote Letters “About Another Sent
to Prisen.

Elizabeth MoCarton, 27 years old, was
sentenced to two months in the City Prison
by Justice McKeon in Special Sessions
yesterday. She had confessed to writing
letters attacking the character of Gertrude
Liunge, 18 years old. Both girle were em-
ployed: in a restaurant in Forty-second
street. Miss Liunge reeently displaced
Elizabeth McCarton as cashier and in
consequence Misa MoCarton wrote letters
to Misa Liunge’s mother acousing her of
misconduct with men ‘customers of the
restaurant.

The wives of several men received similar
letters and one of the wives left her hus-
band, believing what was said of him to be
true. Miss Liunge testified that several of
the wives had come to the restaurant and
had caused a scene.

 

 

MAY OPPOSE BANK PLAN.

 

Clarke Williams's View of the Hamilton
Yet to Be Learned.

ALBANY, Dec. 27.—State Superintendent
of Banks Clarke Williams has no opinion to
express regarding the reopening of the
Hamilton Bank and the discharge of the
temporary receiver. In deciding to per-
mit the bank to reopen Justice Betts did
so without consulting Supt. Williams and
without getting an expression of opinion
from him as to the advisability of the bank
reopening.

When the bank reopens after the tem-

porary receiver is discharged it will again
come under the jurisdiction of Supt. Will-
iams and then he alone will be the judge as
to or not it should be permitted to
con in business. Then’he will decide
the question on ita merits. Up to the pres-
ent time, Supt. Williams said, the question
of the bank reopening has not come before
him officially

 

STORM SHUTS OUT LUCANIA.

 

‘dhe Heats for Liverpee!, Omitting Stop at

Queenstown—The Cambrtan’s Plight.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sux.

* Lonpon, Dec. 27.—An easterly gale has
been prevailing for the last eighty hours
and as yet shows no sign of abatement.
Terrible seas are running along the British
and Irish coasts. Many wrecks have been

The Cunard Line steamer Lucania, from
New York, was not able to enter Queens-
town and she proceeded for Liverpool
with all her passengers and mails.

None of the incoming steamers sighted
the Leyland Line steamer Cambrian, before
reported with her shaft broken, in tow of
the steamer William Cliff and it is the opin-
ion among seafaring men that the moun-
tainous sea has compelled the Cliff to cast
the Cambrian adrift.

If this is the case the Cliff will probably
stand by the disabled vessel and take her
in tow again when the weather moderates.

 

BUYS OLD ROOT HOMESTEAD.

Secretary Root Purchases “The Hemlocks"
From His Sister-in-Law,

Utica, Dec, 27.There -was filed in the
County Clerk's office this afternoon a deed
from Anna Day Root transferring to Elibu
Root, Secretary of State, the propert¢?
on College Hill, Clinton, known as “The
The purchase price is given as
$10,000.

“The Hemlocks” is the old Root home-
stead and was willed to Mrs. Root by her
husband, the late Oren Root, brother of
Elibu Root.
ful homesteads in central New York and
has long been in the possession of the Root
family.

It is understood that Seoretary Root
will bestow the property on his son, Elibu
Root, Jr., who recently married Miss Alida
Stryker, daughter of President Stryker
of Hamilton College, and that the young
couple will occupy it as a summer residence.

 

EARLY INDIANA CONVENTIONS.

Fairbanks's Friends Issue Call for Klection
of Delegates on February 4.

InDIANAPOLI8, Dec. 27--The Republi-

can managers determined to-day to follow

 

LUCK OF A MAN ON TRIAL.

Sentence Suspended and He Gets Worts in
the Bargain.
William Taylor, an ironworker of 205

Fast 117th street, was on trial in Special |

Sessions yesterday charged with stealing

the nozzle from a fire hose in the hallway |

of the building occupied by Smith, Gray
& Co. at M1 Broadway. A letter was read
from Fire Commissioner Lantry recom-
engedins Gin Faget a meveraly punished.

 

It is one of the moat beauti- |

in a week or so that will cause the politioal
| world {o ait up and take notice and at. ths
— time throw eee into the
hearts of the men in charge of » number
of booms for the Republican Presidential
nomination. The announcement in ques-
tion may be delayed in making its appear -
ance, but when it. comes it is expected t.
put a quietus once and for all on the ao-calle |
Cortelyou conspiracy, of which Frank H.
Hitcheock, First Assistant Postmaster-
General, was supposed for a fleeting perio’
to be the head devil and leading projector.
There® is good reason to believé that
the managers of the Taft campaign are
preparing to turn up a trump card in the
great game that is now being glayed for
the big prize to be handed out by the Re-
publican national convention of 1008, It.
is known that since President Roosevelt
finally eliminated himself from the situa-
tion negotiations have been in progress

having for their purpose the annexing
of Frank H. Hitchcock to the Taft boom.

Mr. Hitchcock was a consistent and sincere
third term advocate up to the night ‘two

weeks or so ago when President Roosevelt
made public his declaration that in no
circumstances would he be a candidate
for another nomination to the office he
now holds.

|

Whom Mr. Hitchcock now favors for the

Presidential nomination is not knhowri.
He played a leading part in the “
conspiracy,” and when that thrilling plot
was exposed in all its wickedness Mr-
Hitchooek was openly charged with having
whooped it up for a third term with a view
of concealing a well laid purpose to land
delegates for George B. Cortelyou, Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It was alleged that
he organized the South ostensibly for
Roosevelt but in reality for Cortelyou.

Friends of Secretary of War Taft look
with admiring eyes upon the organizing —
ability of First Assistant Postmaster-General
Hitchcock. Unknown to the world of poli-
tics a few years ago, Mr. Hitchcock is now
recognized as the one man who has been
playing the game every minute for several
months and playing it right under the noses
of the trained leaders representing the
Taft, Cannon, Fairbanks and other booms.

Down South the men of politics have
been shouting Roosevelt for more than .
year. If asked so indicate. their.
choice their cry still was Roosevelt.
made it plain that despite the President's
election night declaration they favored and
believed the pedple demanded another
term for Mr, Roosevelt. So accustomed
had these Southern leaders become to
shouting for Roosevelt and a third term
that some of them are still keeping it up.
This state of affairs, it is charged in certain
quarters, was all due to the fine work of
Firat Assistant Postmaster-General Hitch-
cock.

Mr. Hitcheock is regarded by some as
one of the valuable political assets in the
United States. Formerly for Roosevelt,
Mr. Hitchcock must in time make a choice,
and friends of Secretary Taft are hopeful
that he will follow the advice or suggestions
that have been made to him within the last
few weeks. Ip time, it is betieved here,
Mr. Hitchcock will tie up to the Taft boom.

| H&8 wi!l not displace Arthur I. Vorys, who.
is in charge of the Columbus headquarters
of the Taft movement. Despite assertions
to the contrary it may be said on authority
that there will be no change in the personnel
of the Taft management unless by additions
| to the present staff.

The Secretary of War is understood to bs
very much annoyed at the criticiams tha:
have been directed against those identifie 1
with his campaign. Should Mr: Hitchoock
or other men prominent in the national
councils of the party be invited to play a
managerial réle in the Taft movement
it will not imply any lack of confidence on
the part of Secretary Taft in the .work
of Mr. Vorys or those associated with
him. Secretary Taft has made that
to more than one of his callers daring
last few days. It is believed here that
as the preconvention battle progresses the
responsibilities will be too great for ons
man to handle and that Mr Vorys's efforts
will be supplemented by other able and
willing hands.

 

 

 

 

 

| pesusee CARTER MUCH BETTER.

is Recovering ¥rom Gas Polsoning From
Which He Has Suffered Three Weeks.
Cuicaao, Det, 27.--Emphatic denial was
made to-day by friends of Leslie Carter
that his present serious condition is the
result of an attempt to commit suicide.
While declining to enter into any ex-
planation they insist it is due to an accident.
Mr. Carter waa found unconscious in his
room more than three weeks ago. Dr.
| pounce Walker was summoned and pro-
nounced Mr. Carter critically ill from, gas
! poisoning. A broken gas fixture, it was
explained, had permitted gas to escape,
For days Mr. Carter was unconscious
At first all of Mr. Carter's friends under-
stood that he was suffering from paralysis
Then again it was suid that the sickness was
due toa cerebral hemorrhage.
Miss Carter, who lives with her brother,
absolutely refused to discuss the case. A
| maid, however, said to-day that Mr. Carter
was much better.

CLUNG TO VESTIBULE CAR RAIL

Tit Hands Were Namp, Then Rolled inte
| River, but Swam Out.
Wi.sessarry, Pa., Dec. 27.—Brund Ba-
benki of Glen Lyon, near here, clung to ths
rail of a vestibuled car on a Pennsylvani:

Railroad e train running from Mocan-
ogee to thie ot oy ine late last night Cor ee

 

Justice ——_ = ae annie = enepaee hands became nu

the a cold and Cae He rolled dow u
company said in firm hed in invent a-twenty-five toot embanh ihent inte
a the Gag aad discovered Seaquehense River. jo mansend to awim

and were cut, clambered to the yt = walked a
if orppeem pee sae ee CaS 2
take ite employ. ‘ who sent him to a tal @ is cut

—_— clung to t
sustien ' Se poor from

Mado uf ie vaaar met of Hite pigs and choice
cg ea Sa SS

wr

9 00y, ‘ora yn Mic.

  
 

» dor as ~ train left
Mocanaqua, think cou attract at-
tention and have it opened. wed

Remember the Sick Poor in your church of: r-
ing to-morrow. Ade. -

A

pe