Las
bat

 

7

a

ey ere or ae Y
Se a

BALE 1S WITH i
|
|

 

 

NAVAL COMMIT-
PRESIDENT.

CHAIRMAN OF
TEE OPPOSES

 

Says It Would Be Against the Interests of
the Navy to Put Staff Officers in Cony
mand Rank—Admires the Admiral
for Resigning When He Was Overruled.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 27 —Words of reproof
for Surgeon-General Rixey of the Navy,
the President's family physician and victor
in the staff and line discuasion, which
caused Rear Admiral Brownson to retire
from the Burean of Navigation, were
spoken to-night by Senator Hale of Maine,
chairman of the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs. In an interview Mr. Hale said:

“To begin with, Admiral Brownson is one
of the ablest and most accomplished officers
of the navy. No one «has shown more
executive ability in every situation where
he has been placed than Admiral Brownaon.
The controversy that has arisen, and which
resulted in the Admiral) « resignation, raises
the old question between line and staff, and
iy, thie case something more than that

“In all that controversy thus far my
sympathies have been with the staff. I |
believe that siaff officers should receive |
positive rank and complete recognition by
title, the same as in the army, where, so
faraslican learn, no harm to the service
has resulted. » 8

“And before this incident | had rrepdred
a dill for introduction in the senate giving
to the staff positive rank and titular recog-
nition everywhere in the service; but in
framing the bill | adced this clause ‘That
no such staff officer should be put in actual
command of any naval vessel.’

“Notwithatanding the strong presentation
of the case by Surgeon-General Rixey, I
do not know of any instance when a con-
troversy has arisen and both sites had been
heard where any other than a line officer
has been put in actual command of a naval
weasel. I do not understand that before.
this staff officers, insisting that they
should receive positive rank and title,
have claimed actual command.

“Indeed, one of the objections made to
this by the line has always been that the
granting to the staff such rank and title
would be followed by a further claim for
actual command. I think this has generally
been repudiated by the old staff officers,
and I certainly have always taken that
Position.

“I believe it would be subversive of
order and discipline for a Surgeon or Pay-
master or chaplain to be in command of a
naval vessel manned bya crew of naval
@eamen.

“There is something refreshing about
the courage and independence shown by

. Admiral Brownson in immediately tendering

hie resignation when he was overruled in

: his views of the law and of the’ policy in

rain Wisconsin in carload lots and shipped

his bureau which he deemed for the easential
good of the navy.

“He ia not made of the stuff that, when
overruled, submits a feeble protest and
pockets the humiliation of continuing in a
rebuked and discredited service.

“I venture to say,” concluded Senator
Hale, “that he will lose nothing with his
associates or with the country by his self-
respecting course I am not, in saying this,
speaking for him, for | have seen neither
him nor any of bis friends since his resig-
nation. What I say has its root in an official
connection with the navy for nearly forty
years in both branches of Congress.”

The tormal order detaching Rear Ad-
miral Willard H. Brownson from duty
as Chief of the Bureau of Navigation
issued et the Navy Department
to-day. Admiral Brownson is alau de-
tached from duty as a member of the
army and navy joint board and is
ordered to proceed to his home.

Cincinnati, Dec. 27.—The medical side
of the navy controversy has received the
©Commendation of the legislative commitiece
of the American Medica! Association. Dr
Charies A. L. Reed, chairman of that com-
mittee, to-day sent the fullowing telegram
to Surgéon-General Rixey at Washington

“Your demand and the President's order
giving the medical corps of the navy actual
control where it has actual responsihuity
command grateful approval by the 140,000
physicians of the United States.”

!

 

OFFICE BOWS BIG SWINDLE.
{

Alleged to Have Run Three Cooperage |
Concerns, All on Paper. j

Derrorr, Dec. 27.~Edwin W. Muggel- |
berg, 20 years old, a curly haired, blue eyed
lad, was arraigned before United States
Commissioner Walter 8S. Marsha this morn-
ing charged with using the mails to de- |

fraud.

As evidence Post Office Inspector Lar- |
mour offered three checks amounting to |
more than $1,000, one indorsed by Muggel- |
berg as an officer of the Standard Cooperage |
Company, and the others backed by W, W.
Deloy as president of the same concern,
though the writing on all was evidently |
the same. Muggelberg admitted that he
had cashed the one check, but denied any
other pirt in the transaction,

For six months three concerns have
been jobbing cooperage suppiies, with |
Detroit appearing on their letterhearde |
ae headquarters. They were named the |
Standara Cooperage Conant,
Manufacturing Company and W
win.

Goods were purchased from manufactur-

 

. H. Baid-

direct to Cleveland parties to whom they
had been previously solid. The dealings

looked square till the bills of the Wisconsin |
manufacturers came due and it was dis- ;

covered that the Detroit concerns didn't

t. Then the Degnar Stave and Heacing
‘ pany cormplained to the post office
. rities and the arrest of Muggelberg

; f ed.

3 golberg, has beer empio as an
‘ office boy and minor clerk for the National
Manufacturing Company for the last nine

S months.

——.

{ MAJOR MERCER RESIGNS.
Tired of His Duties as Superintendent of
the Cariisie indian School.

CaRuisLte, Pae., Dec. 27.-Major W. A.
Mercer has resigned as superintendent

of the Carlisle Indian Training School and |

requests leave to report to the Secretary of
* War for orders immediately after the instal !-
ation of his successor. The Major was seen
to-night and gave hie reasons for resigning:

“Though in good personal health,” he
eaid, “I find the daily annoying responsi-
bilities more thag I can siand. I am ad-
vised that a few more leaves of alpence
would be of benefit. Such a course, fol-
lowed by a to the out of door
military life, 1 am convinced, is a necessity.”

A special agent will be sent here from
Washington to take charge of the school
for the present.

Attorney George Gallagher Disbarred.
George Gallagher, an attorney, was
ordered disbarred yesierday by the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court. Gal-
lagher pleaded guilt y in Special Sessions last
dune to having mresiperen in a conspiracy
to maintain a fraudulent action for }iam-
for personal injuries. He was sent to

. the penitentiary for six months.

 

Dye Trainmen Killed in Grand Trank
- (oliision.

Levox. Mich... Dec. ?7.--P train
“No. 5 on the Grand Trunk Railroad collided
on with a coal train hereat *:30to-night.
are dead and two ot
were hurt. All of the passengers eocapes
without injury.

NE Oe Cc i A, ea, ees

Michigan
'

 

 

 

 

[VAN NORDEN)
| Tost | |

he an

} m
| Takes entire charge “of

and mortgages. <n:
|

 

stitutions and trustees.
@ Furnishes information
chase and sale of in uri
Fifth Ave. @ 60th Sa, Nay.

~~

forthe gur-

*

“ELEVATOR FIXER” A THIEF. .

He Took Jewelry From Severa’ Places and
Planned to diet In Others. ©
Ernest Archer, an electrician, 26 veans old,
was arrested yesterday afternoon mm the
home at 11 West Fifty-third street of William
W. Barbour, son of Col. Barbour, on a @harge
of stealing about $200 worth of jewelry.
Archer went to the house and repregpnied
himself as an inspector for the elevator
company and said he had been sent to
‘inspect the elevator in the house. ,
When the butler went to the door Archer

| gaid he was in a hurry to look over the ele-
| vator for the company and showed @ blue
| print of the apparatus. He told the’butler | more under the act to regulate commerce

to go into the cellar and watch the base of
the elevator shaft while he went upstairs
to the top. The butler went as directed
and then got suspicious of the man and went
up to the second floor and saw the visitor
im Mr. Barboyr's room picking up atick pins,
watches and other jewelry from the bureau
and stuffing them in his pocket.

Lambert got the man downstairs and
called on two other menservants to hold
on to him while he telephoned for the police.
Policemen from the East Fif:y-firet street
station arrested the electrician and then
made some interesting disceveries.

In the prisoner's pockets were found
twelve pawntickeis of recent date and plans

the elevators at the homes of J D.

*kefeller, John J. Astor, Raymond Hoag-
land of 23 West Pile corns atreet and Dr.
James A. Blair of 0 West, Fiftieth street. So
far aa the police could n, the Ing
man had not visited the h of Mr. Rock-
efeller or Mr. Astor.

On inquiry the police learned that the
elevator fixer had been at the home of Mr.
Hoagland and Dr. Blair yesterday and had
stolen $% worth of silverware from the
ener and $50 worth of jewelry from the

tter.

When the prisoner was taken to the York-
ville police court Mr. Barbour appeared and

made a complaint of larceny against him.
The butlers employed in the rand Hoag-

land reaidences also made x
The prisoner said that up to a month
he had been emplo the Otis

‘levator Company and had stolen the blue

ea while empl

want to plead guilty as I was caught
\ i goods,” he said to Magistrate
Jornell.

“This ia a first rate capture, and I want to
commend the wide awake butler,” said the
Magistrate as he held the prisoner in $3,000
bail for trial.

Archer is half Indian, ha‘! negro. He
gave his address as 2665 West Thirty-sixth
street.

NO PLACE FOR CITY JUDGES.

Six New Ones Heady, but There Are No
Court Rooms for Them.

There will be six new City Court Judges
ready to take their seats on the bench on
January 1, but it is doubtful if they witt be
able to find a place to sit. The Board of
Estimate had this matter before it sev-
eral weeks ago, and Comptroller Metz was

appointed to_consider the pveileiiey of
the old East River Savings Bank Building.

The board adjourned, however, until Jan-

uary 10 without providing any place. .The
new Judges can’t sit in the City Court
buil as itis full already. Nr, wetz gaid
yes that he had examined the Sav-
ings building, but it is unfit. What
would be done ultimately, he said, would
be to build another story on the old City
Court Building.
ROOSEVELT A GREATNESS TRUST
Combines Washington. Lincoin. Jupiter.
Bismasck and Buffalo Bill.

Lincoen. Neb.. Dee. 27.
Roosevelt is a combination of George Wash -
ington, Abraham Lincoln, Jupie:, Bis-
marck and Buffalo Bill,” said Princinal
Wadaworth of Bellevue at the State
Teachers Association, aiscussing “Vital
Men,” to-day.

‘the statement was cheere:!.

Gathering of Siaie Stenographers.
The New York State Stenographers Asso-

ciation held its fortieth annual meeting |

yesterday in the Gnunty Court House,
where the stenographers, about 250 in all,
were welcomed by Justice Greenbaum
of the Supreme Court. Charles H. Requa,
a stenographer in the Second Department
of ihe Supreme Court, presided

he asseciation will have a dinner at the

Hotel Manhattan to-night.

Canfield John W. Gates's Guest in Texas.
Port Artuer, Tex., Dec. 27.—Richard A.

 

| Canfield of New York is the guest of John

W. Gates at the latter's winter home in Port
Arthur. It is reported that Canfield is to
be associated with Mr. Gates in the oil busi-
ness

Army and Navy Orders.
WasBINGtON, Dec, 27.—These army orders were
issued to day:

Major Lyman W. V. Kennon, Tenth Infantry,
from treatment Genera) Hospital, Wasaington

 

| Barracks, to join his regimen

t.
captains Henry S. Greenleaf and Allie W. Wil
tains, Assistant Surgeons,
to San |ranctaco.

Capt. Ira A.
t. Charles EF. B.
Assistant Surgeon, from Fort Crook, to the
pines.

Contract Su
Fort Mote toe Fort Dow

\s.
Retirement of Brie "ie. Charles S. Smith ts

announced.

‘These navy orders were issued:
Rear Admiral W. H. Brownson, retired,
duty as Chief of Bureau of Navigation, Navy De

| partment, and member of Joint Army and Navy

loard, to home.

! Lieutenant Commander J. L. Jayne, from com-

mand of the Rainbow to home.
Midshipman R. W. Cabinies, from the Wiiming
ton to the Callao.

Wilmington.

}
}

|

    
  

“Theodore |

from the Philippines |

Shimer, Assistant Surgeon, from
' New York city, and C

rgeon Thomes B. McGown, from

from

Midshipman ©. B. Mayo, from the Callao to the

‘
be
-

 

ACHIMYEMENTS OF THE nooOsE-
VELT ADMINISTRATION.

 

 
 

Pamphiet From the ‘Attorney-General's @f-
flee Shows That Reesevelt Accom,
pitshed Little, if Anything, More in ®ix
Years Than (Cleveland Did in Four.

\ Wasminoron, Deo. 27.—The trust busting
achievements of the Roosevelt Admiristra-
tion, with a naive comparison in tabulated
form with the less conspicuous victories

| of other Administrations, both Republican
and Democratic, are celebrated in a pam-
phlet prepared in the office of the Attor-
ney-General. A similar document was pre-
pared early in the year, but the revised
edition is more ample and it brings the
réocord up to date.

While the pamphiet purports to be a
mere record the information which it con-
tains is set forth in such a way as to invite
comparison between the Roosevelt and the
McKinley Administrations and between the
present régime and periods when Grover
Cleveland and Benjamin Harrison respect-

| ively eat in the Presidential chair.

} The summary of cases which the official
pamphlet presents would make it appear
that the Roosevelt Administration in six
years has accomplished little if anything

than was accomplished in four years by
the second Cleveland Administration. The
answer to this, according to the Department
‘of Justice officials, is that the recent cases
were much more important than the former;
also that the Elkins anti-rebate law has been
invoked more frequently than the old act
to regulate commerce.

During the first four years of President
Roosevelt's incumbency only twenty-nine
cases were instituted against railroads
under both the act to regulate commerce
and the Elkins act. In the four years
while President Cleveland was in office
for the second time the whole number
of cases instituted under the act to regulate
commerce was more than three times as
large: that is, 102. The activity of the
present Administration since Mr. Rocse-
velt’s election by the people in 1904 has
heen enormous,
cuses hos been increased to.
again 16 to be compared, as a six year rec-
ord, with the 102 cases instituted in the

: four years under Cleveland. It is true,
however, that aixty-one of the Cleveland
cases were actions to compel the filing of
tarifte, and the cases were dropped on
compliance by the carriers. All that the
Cleveland administration sought to ac-
complish was obedience to the law,
there was very little noise about it.
Onder the Sherman anti-trust law the
Roosevelt aiministration in six years has
instituted seventeen civil and eiguateen
criminal actions, a total of thirty-five. In
Mr. McKinley's administration there were
only three; in Mr. Cleveland's secon’ ad-
ministration of four years there were nine,
and in Mr. Harrieon’s four
were seven. Mr. Roosevelt's record for
the first four years was als» seven cases
under the Sherman law.
‘oad prosecutions have formed the

Raiir:
chief feature of President Roosevelt's

 

anti-corporation policy during the year
now closing. Two civil and thirty-six
criminal actions have been instituted

under the Elkins law in the present year
| and many suits begun _in former years
; have been continu The rebate cases
; and other actions against common carriers
and shippers for violation of the interstate
/ commerce laws which have been instituted
i this year amount to thirty-eight. Two
of these were civil and thirty-six criminal
actions and they were distributed as follows:
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fé Railway
Company, three; Grand Canyon Lime and
Cement Company, two; John 8S, Scherin, a

! shipper; Great Northern Railway Com-
| ny and Mutual Transfer Company, two;
Western Transit Company, the Chicago,
Rock Istand and Pacific Railway Company,
| the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail-
} way Company. the New York, Ontario and
Western Company, W. H. Bennet, a carrier;
the Central Vermont Railway Company,
the New York, Chicago and St. Louis Rail-
way Company, two; A. Booth & Co., ship-
‘ pers; the New York Central and Hudson
iver Railroad Company, five; the Penn-

| svivania Railroad Company, two; Vacuum
| Oi} Company, shippers, three; Standard
| Oil Company. shippers. four; Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, two: Southern Pacific

| Company, three. :
While being widely discussed as a possi-

or the whole ners er man’s act. He was in the beat of

and

 

oar come ere |

 

| Bancroft Davis, formerly Minister to Ger-

bility of the future, and although pro- ;

claimed as the stern policy of the Admin-
istration, no corporation, officer or other
| person has been sent to jail for violation

‘of the Sherman act or the other inter- | at ite or
' of that club.

atate commerce laws. Fines aggregating
| $30,259,125 have been imposed. Of this
, $29,240,000 represents the penalty imposed
| on the Standard Oil Company of Indiana
for accepting freight rebates. That fine
hasn't been paid yet.

 

| DECISION UNDER RATE LAW.

| No Distinction Between Electric and Steam

i Interstate Railroads.

| Wasutnoton, Dec. 27.--In a decision

made public to-day by the Interstate Com-

merce Commission it is held that under

| the rate act no distinction is made between
interstate railroads that are operated by
electricity and those that use steam for

| motive power; further, that section 15 of

| the law limiting the power of the com-

| mission to establish through routes and
| joint rates to cases where “no reasonable

 

| not intended to afford a means by which
| new ome. = e. of the commission,
| may profitably force their wa.

districts built up and already

well se
by_other lines.

These rulings were made incident to the

inion of the commission in the case of
| the Chicago and Milwaukee Electric Rail-

road Company against the Illinois Central
Railroad Company and others.

 

EAMES: | Omcers of American Philosophical Asso-

ciation,

Irmaca, N. Y., Dec. 27.--Prof. Hugo
Muensterberg of Harvard was elected
president of the American Philosophical
Association at the annual meeting held
at Cornell University to-day. The other
officers elected were: Vice-president, W. P.
Montague of Columbia; -treasurer,
Frank Thilly of Cornell; executive
mittee, R. B. Pi f
M. Dakewell of Ya
Cornell.

ol
and Ernest Albee of

 

Aiming to reduce our stock to a minimum before
the season’s close—beginning earlier than. usual,

because of the unusual

season, every garment in

our special sales is priced with the purpose of more
than satisfying your expectations.

Suits $18, were $25 to $30. Suits $28, were $35 to $42.
Stylish garments produced for us by Alfred Benjamin & Co.

Py
eae FA
7 LaATYL

re

rs

ey

I ee | pages li La

| Overcoats $18, were $25 to $32. Overeoats $25, were $35 to $40.

 

or satisfactory through route exists” was |

|

—_—

into shipping

of Knap
| had red

Harvard, Charles \

 

—— ee

ae ees Soe

Wreek of » Garbage Wagon Causes Worry.
ing in Homes Up Nyack Way.

The commuters living along the Northern
Railroad of New Jersey up as far as Nyack
who left Jersey City at 6:22 o’olook last
night were stalled for more than three
hours in the outskirts of Jersey City while
a garbage wagon and two dead horses
blocked both the eastbound and westbound
tracks,

The trouble started at about 6:30 o'clock,
when a freight train bound for Jersey
City struck the wagon, which was driven
by Pau! Eising of Secaucus and drawn
by three horses, as it crossed the track at
the Tyler Park crossing, One of.the horses
was ground under the locomotive and the
wagee was hurled onto the westbound

The two Erie trains for Nyack, 327 and
329, which ran out of Jersey City doubled
up last night, got to the place soon r
ward, and the combined train crews set to
work trying to get the wagon and the horses
off the track, They couldn't budge the
heavy wagon and had trouble extricating
the body of the horse from the locomotive.

The railroad officials ordered out the
wrecking crew, but it couldn't get to the
seat of trouble because the passe’ train
was in the way. In the meantime the
trainload of passengers stormed around
until the officials: finally recruited enou
men to olear the track. Nyack and the
other towns heard that the passenger’train
had been in a wreck and there was a lot of
worry until all the commuters got home

JULIUS KAHN A. SUICIDE.

Young Man's Taking of Polson Apparently
Without Reason.

Julius Kahn, ason of E. H. Kahn, a city
buyer for out of town mercantile houses,
who lives at 207 West Eighty-fifth street,
killed himself yesterday in his father's cffice
in the Textile Building, 66 to 72 Leonard
street, by drinking rocyanic acid.

hkahn, who was 26 years old, went to his
father's office yesterday morning seem-
ingly in the best: of spirits. He was left
alone for a few minutes. When his father
reen office he found the young
man stretched in a chair breathing heavily.
Dr. Stewart answered an ambulance Call
from Hudson street hospital, but the young
man died before he could be brought to
consciousness,

Mr. Kahn could assign no cause for the

 

 

, »r. Kahn said, he had no business
and the father was certain he had no love
affairs. Very “recently young Kahn had
returned from a pleasure trip to San An-
tonio, Tex.

Mrs. Kahn is seriously ill and word of
her son's death has been kept from her.

JOHN C. BR. DAVIS DEAD.

Had Been Minister to Germany and for
Years Reporter of .. 8. Supreme Court.
Wasninaton, Dec. 27.--John Chandler

 

many an‘? during mary of the later years of
his life offcial reporter of the United States
Supreme Ccurt, died at his home in Wash-
ington to-day. His death wae due to a gen-
eral breakdown resulting from advanced

years

Judge Devis wes the son of John D.
Davis, 2n early Governor of Massachusetts,
and was born in Worcester in 1822, Had
he lived until next Sunday he would have
been &5 years old,

He wae graduated from Harvard College
in the class of 1810, studied lawjind entered
upon the practice of his profession. He
was secretary of the United States Lega-
tion in London from 1849 to 1853, and re-
suraing to this country praciieed law in
New York and acted as American corre-
spondent of the London Times until 1861.

He waea member of the New York Legis-
lature in 1869 and Assistant Secretary of
State of the United States from 1849 to 1871
and from 187% to 1874. He was the agent
of the United States before the Geneva
Court of Arbitration in the Alabama claims
and was Mintster to Germany from 1874 |
to 1877.

In 1878 he was appointed Judve of the
Court of Claims and remained on the bench
until 188”, when he became official :eporter
of the Supreme Court. He retired from
that. position and from official life several
years ago

Opituary Notes.

Carl Meisel, one of the origina! members
of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and a
violinist and teacher of distinction for nearly
half a century in Boston. died there vester-
day of heart faiflbre, euperinduced by grip,
aged 79 vears. Mr. Meisel was born in Ger
manv and came to Boston at the age of 23.
He gave violin lessons and became a member
of the famous old Mendelssohn Quintet Club
nization. He was the last survivor
Later he founded the Beethoven
was disbanded about

String Quartet, whic ‘ |
ten years ago. While looking upon Boston
s bia home, Mr. Meisel pa many ‘ears
during his long professional career in other
cities of the country and in Leipzig and other
German centres of music, Many of the
yupils whom he taught in these cities and in
Bost have since attained distinction. He
is survived by his wife.
Former Illinois ate segeturer Money ae,
for years a prominen gvre_in politics o
Cook, county and Illinois, died esterday at
Chicago, @ was one oi the widely known
politicians of the State. For vight years he
was State Treasurer as the predecessor of
Philip Knopf, Prior to that, from 1886 to 1804,
he served as County Treasurer of (ook county.
Fromm 1899 to 1901 he was an Alderman. After
that he and Justus Lobb, with whom he was
associated in the Continental Financing Com-
pany, were found guilty in the United States
courts of perpetrating fraud. A sentence of
two years was pronounced and each was fined
100. Mr. Wulff protested his innocence, Mr.
ulff was released several months ago from
the Brideweil after serving part of the term.
His conviction, according to his friends, broke
his heart, and after his release his héaith grew
steadily worse.
Charles Seabury Ward died at his home
at Morris Plains, N. J.,
illness of two months. Mr. Ward cought
d while motoring, which developed
He was for years a
f the New York Stock Exchange
& Ward. Iii health com-
pelled him to retireafew years ago and he
went'to Morris Plains. He was a member of
the Morris Youney Golf Club, the Morristown
Club and the New York Yacht Club. He
was @ great-great-grandson of Samuel Sea-
bury, the fi Episcopal Bishop of Connecti-
cut. He was 35 years old and is survived by
his wife. The funeral service will be held at
10:30 o'clock on Monday morning at the resi-
dence. The interment will be in
Cemetery, Morristown.
Dr. James 8S. Knapp.
profession in New Orleans,
84. He was a son of Dr. ( |

eaterday after an

heavy col 1
into acute bronchitis.
member o
firm of Schalk

Evergreen

dean of the dental

died porter lay,

Jally Knapp

burg, New York, where the family

f 5 cevere generations. He taught

J potemton when a young n,

but drifted to New Orleans in the forties

and practised his profession there for sixty

years. He was dean of the College of Den-
tistry, president of the Louisiana State Dental
Society and a member of the American Acad-

emy of Science,

Funeral services for Harry Williams were |
conducted at his home, 849 Groene, avenue,
Brooklyn, last evening. Mr. Williams, who
died on Wedn y. was for my years a
theatric) i manager. ‘He was born in Farming-
ham, ane. xtv-eight years aes. For
many years he was in charge of the Novelty
Theatre in. Williameburg. Twenty years
ago he retired from active work, His wife
and a son survive him.

The Rev. Dr. J. Francis Blair, pastor of
the Bethany Baptiet Church, Clermont and
Atlantic avenues, died at his home, 235 Frank-
lin avenue, Brooklyn, on ureday. He
was born in Georgia in aby and was graduated
from. Lincoln Univ y- first oherpe
was in White Plains, N. Y. Since 1901 he
was pastor of the pesbany Baptist Church.
He was a member of the Long island Clerical
Union and chaplain of Hiram Lodge, F. and
A.M. His wife and a son survive him,

Horace Mallory Ruggles died at his home,
145 Columbia Heights, Brooklyn, on Thurs-
day, aged 81 years. He was a native of
Poultney, Vt., and was a graduate of Union
College. For thirty years he had lived in
New York and was a partner in the law firm

 

 

a ee

of Starr & Ruggles. He was formerly an
Assistant Corporation Counsel. A sister sur-
vives him.

Anna Amanda Anderson, “Mother An-

guste, | who was in charge of the military

ospital at Cairo, IL, during the civil war,

and who held the office of superior at St.

Cecilia Agadenmy Washington, PD. C., from !
rion, di

yesterday in her seventy-
seventh year ind. the wee
auperior at

¥ uth pend,
. Mary’s Academy for a}
number of yeara.

Ramon de Murias, a retired Cuban banker, |;
who had lived in New York for the last ten |
ears, died yesterday of pneumonia at his |
iome. 302 Central Park West. He was 74

old and leaves a son, Fernando, and a

years
daughter, Sylvia.

7 - a ae eee nee saw

uid 8 AONE Mable areal om 5 Ms
| THE TRUST BUSTING CAMPAIG
eee ee cs. a i. ®

-

]

rn ; N re F
Psu tare ern "lb ane ai Se aA Pe Oe ne eee Ee a Lc Sak re

Five of the World’s Greatest
Pianists Unite to Make This
Recital Notable

Only with the Pianola is such
an Achievement Possible

O-DAY at 3 P.'M., a Pianola Recital will be given
at Aeolian Hall which will

interest.

Each of these great virtuosi has recorded for the Pianola,
by means of the wonderfa’ METROSTYLE, his ideas of
how these compositions should be played.

What Is Accomplished at This
Concert YOU May Do AT HOME

One of the many advantages distinguishing the Pianola
from other Piano-players is forcibly illustrated by this program.

The performer on the Pianola has the assistance of the

ee musicians of the age in playing artistically.

etrostyle furnishes a detailed guide for expression, which
is wholly absent from other instruments.

the whole musical world endorses the Pianola and why so

Among the compositions played, five will be
given according to the p:rsonal directions of celebrated pianists
-~Paderewski, Rosenthal, Bauer, Busoni and Friedheim.

   

Pianola Recital
December 28.
CLIFFORD WILEY, Baritone

      
 

 

have extraordinary

PROGRAM

Schumann
Interpretation by Harold Bacer
Paganini! Etude No. 1........+ oocces Mélnat

  
     
     
 

Interpretation by Ferrucote Busoni.
PIANOLA.
Aria trom Le Moi de Lahore...... Maweomet,

    
   
   

MR. WILEY.
Accompanied with the Pianola.

 
 
 
 

‘ AEOLIAN PIPE-ORGAN.

 

Rhapeodié Hongroise No. 2...........Réewd
Interpretation by Arthar Friedheim

    

The
* e
If you will attend this concert, you will understand why \ NOTE
R thal’ ea *
of tvmendou dimcany, will "te

many celebrated authorities have declared that they would
not give serious consideration to any Piano-player not having

the Metrostyle

No cards of admission are required.

The AEOLIAN CO., Aeolian Hall,

 
 

LABOR M. P.’S ARE A DRY LOT
21 OF THE 31 PRESENT MEMBERS
FORSWEAR THE DEMON RUM.
John Hodge, enberme 231, Preaches to the

Women’s Trades Union League of the

@urse of Drink and the Rights of Man
Sanderson Speaks for the Missus.

A dinner in honor of John Hodge, a Labor
member of the British Parliament, was
given last night in Clinton Hall by the New

 

 

York branch of the Women's Trades Union |
| gram to Chief Deputy Brown, who quickly

ie.

Miss Katherine Drier, who presided, said
that of the thirty-one Labor members in
the House of Commons, twenty-eight were
teetotalers within the precincts of the
Hoiise and of these twenty-eight’ twenty-
one were total abstainers even when they
roamed at large.

She then introduced Mr. Hodge, who,
after a recapitulation of the work he had
done for the cause of temperance and a
brief homily on the curse of strong drink,
made an é¢asy and ngtura! transition to the,
subject of woman suffrage by saying he was

|

{

\

 

|

'
|

 

sure that if women had the vote it would ,

always be cast in the interest of social
purity and the white ribbon.

He devoted a few moments to an expo-
sition of the recent
churches in Great Britain that religion was
something more than the mere cultivation
of spirituality and the consequent develor -
ment of the #o-called “Brotherhood Move-
ment,” which had resulted in a sort of co-
operative kinahip between the Church and
the labor unions.

Then in due order he
theory the desirability of trades unions
getting into politics, and elaborated upon
it to the apparent edi fication of the audi-
ence for upward of an hour.
the trials of lobbying when one was merely

achairman of a committee of some soci-
ety and described the delights of having
thirty-one avowed champions of the work-
ingmen on the inside in addition to swanee
four so-called “Liberal” members who could
be counted upon to vote with them, thus

making a “people's squad” of at least fifty-

five.

Spesking of the passage of the Trades
Dispute bill.
by declaring that the action of the House
oF Lords in final'v passing it after they had

ronounced it to be vile, vicious and an in-

ringement upon the liberties of the aut ject,

-_ ly proved that the sooner the House
o
better it would be for the country.

‘He explained the Workingmen's Compen-
sation bil. Some of its provisions were ap-
plauded Ea ally did they seem to re-

oice at his statement that the “compensa-

jon” in case of accident was not at all
affected by any possible Beptqnnce on the
part of the employee injured.

“This compensation act,” concluded Mr.
Hodge, “extends to domestic servants,
about whom, I understand, you know very
little in this country. We had our maid
insured last year at a cost of five shillings
per annum, and the policy provided among
other thi for a maximum fee of £10
(Che —— hen ah i

next w ' w eo was in,

a lighted candle wu rs, she pemiiod
the candle, and then fell against

the railing and broke her false teeth. I
oont ber toa dentist, and told her to
xed up in the best possible’ shape.

e came back with a beautiful set of brand
new — and all it cost me was five
shillings.”

He told of |
| ‘talker at the meeting of the New York

je was swept out of existence the |

recognition by the |

came to his pet !

| even those delivered

he aroused a storm of en !

|
|

|
|
|
!
|

Mr. C.-Sanderson, who wore among |

other thi an Alice blue linen collar,
said that Mre. C.-Sanderson was awfully

that she couldn't be there, but that
she had to attend another meeting.

“My wife is a member of the Independent
Labor Party,” he continued, “and deeply
appreciates the work which Mr. Hodge's
party has accomplished.” He descri

my wife's” interest in the cause of labor,
and the “somewhat larger cause” (he didn’t
he

knew what meant).

A bod:
dilated en “m
cause of the neipation of

He assured Mr. Hodge how “my

k
edepeet her inability to % him
@ diners assed a resolution saying |

they were sorry Mrs. C.-Sanderson hadn't
been there to speak for herself, and Mr.
C,-Banderson magnanimously promised to
tell her so.

Mrs. Raymond Robins, president of the
National nen Trades Union League,
made a short a! am as dic several mem-
bers of the C. F. U.

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

A free dinner te 800 persons will be given at the
adiey Rescue Mission, i9) Bower. to-night
Wiibur Chapman, the evangelist, will apeak.
Rear Admiral Casper l. Goodrich, Commandant
of the Brooklyn navy yard, started for San Diege.
Cal., yeste y. Where he will deliver the oration
at thé unvelliing the monument to perpetuate
the memory of those who died In the Bennington
disaster. ‘ihe unveiling exercises will be held on
January 9.
The Board of Pollce Magistrates of Brooklyn,
annual meeting held in the Adams street
ce court yesterday, elected Ma rate Edward
° Desten, president and Charies Flanagan, clerk
in the Myrtie avenue court, secretary. It was
jec ask the Board of Estimate for funds to
1

uw
4.

a wo
for interpreters, four of wh
Bre 1o"pe Tealiam, four Polen, one Greek ‘ad our
u

right out loud, but mite |

e
wife's” devotion to the |
Woman. |

played for the first time in

a with the Pianola, accond, "
to the Metrostyle imterpretati Bi
the compeser esl 7 § J

362 Fifth Ave., near
34th St.. New VYerk.

  
 

 
 

REPRIEVE HALTS HANGING.
Prisonor’s Arms Had Been Pinioned When
Governor's Telegram Reached Sherif.

Brrurvonam, Ala., Dec. 27.—Just as the
was about to be placed over the
enry Thaxton, convicted of kill-
ing 8S. T. Hunstucker, a telegram was de-
livered to the Sheriff that stopped the
execution.

The telegram was from the Governor,
granting a reprieve of fifteen days.

The man had made a statement from
the gallows protesting his innocence, the
p had prayed and two verses of a
ymn had been sung. ae Seen
had tied the prisoner's arms w a boy
rushed up to the gate and handed the tele-

 

 

MARRIED.

GREENOUGH—WARREN.—On Thursday, Decem
ber 26, at St. Thomas's Chureh, by the Rev
Ernest M. Stires, D. D., Charlotte, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney Warren, to William
Greenough, son of the late William Greenoug'.

DIED.

ADAMS.— Suddenly, at Bakimore, December
Orson Adams. in his 73d year.

ARNOLD.—At her residence, 318 Claremont »\
Montclair, N. J., of pneumonia, on Thursday.
26th inst., Gertrude Sarah, wife of Frank Vi «
tace Arnold and daughter of the late Willin 1
L, French of Buffalo, N. Y., in her 96th year

Funeral on Saturday, 26th inst., at 3:30 P. \:

Kindly omit flowers.

BEATTIE.—Suddenly, on Wednesday, Decemb
25, 1907, John Guinan Beattie, son of Jobn |
Beattie, aged 15 years and & months.

 

 

cried out: “Hold, Sheriff, wait a minute!”
Then the Sheriff mounted the steps of
the gallows and read the m ge aloud.
The prisoners in the aot ine a loud cheer
and the prisoner was back to his cell
praying and orying.
HUGH HASTINGS ON AUGHES.
Quits the Republican Club Because It
Indorsed Him.

Hugh Hastings, who was State historian
and is now one of Mayor Mw lellan’s tax

commigsioners, bas resigned from the | funeral Saturday, December 28, at 10 A. M
Republican Club because he doesnt ike | from Church of St. Stanislaus, lath st. and 6
the action taken by the club .ast week in av., Brooklyn. Interment In Holy Cros,
indorsing Gov. as a tial Cemetery, Platbush. Relatives and friends
candidate. In a let’ he sent to President } respectfaily Invited to attend.

eee _ pane aes a os —. | COLBURN,--Suddenly, at sea, on S, S. La Provence,
that Gov. Hughes a had = 2 | Gov- — December 25, 1907, Nicho las Alfred
ernor, but tro’ t publican | :

party, and took the club to tésk for not Funeral from his late residence, 45 Pintard av..

New Rochelle, N. Y., on Sunday afternoon,

coming out for the Roosevelt administra- December 20, at half past 3. Carriages will

= ore > yee Secretaries meet the 2:30 P. M. train from Grand Central
“It is regrettable,” said Mr. Hast'ngs in, S°P0t Kindly omit flowers.
his letter, “that aclub of intelligence shoul1 | 0F MURIAS.— At bis residence, 302 Central Park
it iteelf to fall into a trap so palpably ' West, Friday, December 27, Ramon de Murias.
political and of such a low order of politios.” Solemn mass of requiem at Church of the Holy
Name, Amsterdam av., cor. 06th st.. on Mon
day, December 30th, at 10 o'clock.
HOPPER. At Haledon, N. J., Wednesday, Decem-
ber 25, 1907, Albert C. Hopper.
| Funeral services on Saturday, December 28, at
his late residence, 280 Haledon av., at 2 P. M

‘ Interment at Cedar Lawn Cemetery.

| KINNEY.--At her residence, Im Newark, N. J.,
Thursday, December 26, Estelle Condit, widow
of Thomas VT, Kinney and daughter of thu
late Joel W. and Margaret Harrison Condit.

Funeral services at Grace Episcopal Church,
Newark, on Monday, Decemaber 30, at 11 o'clock.

LORING.—At_ Boston; December 26, Harrison

Loring, aged 85 years 2 months.
Puneral Saturday at 2:90 o'clock.
private, at Duxbury, Mass.

ROK. -On Thursday, December 26, 1907, Elizabeth
Morris Van Lokkelen, wife of the late Alfred
hoe and devoted and dearly loved mother of
Sally Morris Cory, in the 8ist year of her age.

Puneral from Ascension Memorial Chapet, 249 West
iid St.. om Saturday, December 28, at 10 A. M.
Interment private. hindly ondt flowers,

| STUART.—-Francls ©.. at Belle lale Retreat, N. J.
Monday, December 23, after a long iliness,

 

 

Jef Davis to Speak Here.

It was announced yesterday by Harry
Walker, leading spokesman for William J,
Bryan in thia city, that Senator Jeff Davis
of Arkansas had consented to be the chief

ve Democratic League at Cooper
Union on January 16. It was said that
Senator Davis had promised an assault
on the money devil supposed to live here
that would make all other talks of the kind,
t in Cooper Union,
aeem like skim milk. {

 

‘Taft to Speak in Cleveland on MeKintey Day, | Interment

CLEVFLAaN®, Dec. 27.—Secretary Taft

has accepted an invitation extended by the
Ti noe Club to be the chief speaker
at the Mckinley day banquet on January 29. |

Knickerbocker Hearing To-day.
Action by Judge Clark of the Supreme
Court, sitting in Staten Island, will be taken
to-day on the motion to make the receiver- |

ship of the Knickerbocker Trust Com- Thtre will be a memorial service at Blooming
panv permanent. H. L. Satterlee. counsel | "ve Manor, Pa.. on Tuesday, December 31.
| for one of tne depositors’ co nmittees, ang |  °* 8M o'clock P. M, Stage will convey mourn-

James Russell ley, ti the | ers from Norristown, Pa., station to the Manor,
directors of the company, will veut the All frlende are cordially tavited to be present.
motion and ask for an ,adjournment in | T’RHUNE.—On Friday, December 27, 1907, William
order to continue work on their reorgani- L.. Terhune, in his 98d year.
zation plan. Attorney-General Jackson ig | funeral from his late residence im Matawan
understood to be in favor of allowing a N. J., on Monday, December 90, at half past 2
further extension of tiste, P.M. Relatives and friends are invited with.
“qnemanse.cpeen out further notice. Kindly omit fowers.
THOMPSON.—At Livingston, Staten Idland.
December 27, Manette Smallwood, wife ot
Edward Gardiner Thompson.

—_—_—____-

RELIGIOUS NOTICES,

RRAARAANA SN AAAAAAAAAAAS AAA RA,

SPECIAL SUNDAY
EVENING SERVICE

- er M., Dee. 29th,
AVENUE
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
Fifth Ave. 55th St.

Rev. J. WILBUR CHAPMAN, D.D.,
Evangelietis Commleren, aiemblys
MISS BER ENE CHAPMAN,

A cordia) weicome is extended to all,

|
|
{
Filth Avenue Presbyterian Ghureh,
|

Drowned
a. A a Dec. 2'.—A freight car
shunted along t New Haven pier to-da
jumped over the bumper at the end and
a into a dory that was tied up below.
hree sailors in the dory and one was
drowned.

 

     
     
 

TIFFANY STVDIOS
MADISON AVENVE&

FORTY-FIFTH STREET

         
      

“Fifth, Avenue Chureh,

ner gee,
CONSPICUOUS BECAUSE oO os 7 awed Ps ke ae { em
F 1S SIZE, A FLOOR LAM| | Seerinset ex ie torn
P CAN BE MADE A VERY ~a oc
EFFECTIVE DETAIL OF AD Men's Bible Claas, cond > Bi. mantet,

Special Prayer Meeting, Wednesday, 104. M.

VTER
SRD ADW AY AND ERIAR C i

ECORATIVE PLAN. THE L
ARGE ASSORTMENT OF BE
AUTIFUL LAMPS, EACH Di

 

 

cnunca,

STINCTIVE, SHOWN IN TH | stay Alte W/MeCU MIs. Assent Maier:
E STUDIOS OFFERS BROA | |. % “rifeiai Greaiencs “reacuing ‘by Dr"

Preacain
Mac kenzie at 4. Ae

 

D SCOPE FOR FITTING CH

 

 

 

 

OICE, WHATE: D eusone, catral Parke W mer puree ter
VER Sclence Services Muaday, n" ‘. an
ESIRED DECORATIVE TRE | | ue soRinin Shes itt,tcantd, ott
ATMENT HAPPENS TO BE. aoe ten = € bw. oea ‘on
Reading m eon guate Son's w w, -
NEW THOUGH? cCHURC 9 BU ¥
Sten SS” Beate” ae i