MR. POTTER RICH FOR A DAY

HE SIMPLY TOOK HIS THIRTY
CENTS AND CIRCULATED,

Finally Anchoring Against a Lamp Post
With a Tale for the Police of a Despoil-
ing Army of 'Thugs-- And Now His Face
is Mandsomely Mapped in Catgut.

Well, it all goes to show that wine is a
mocker, that strong drink is outrageous
and that «a few glasses of beer on an empty
atomach are things to be abstained from—
tee-totally, unless you've a very strong
head. Because if your mind happens to
be loaded down with enough ready cash
tg set a busted trust comany going again
fall blast and sufficient diamonds to make
@ good sized safe bulge like a subway ex-
press at the rush hour it’s sort of kind of
likely to worry you a trifle. As witness the
cage of Robert J. Potter of 232 West 121st
street.

The spirit of the merry Yuletide filled the
bosom of Robert J. Potter when he left
hia residence some time Thursday morn-
tng. All the world looked glad to Robert
J, Potter.

“I will circulate,” said he, or words to
that general effect. Circulation has various
results with various persons. For some
it enshrouds the world in gloom that déepens
@s the circulatory process progresses. In
the end this earth becomes little. better
than a morgue -the universe naught but a
mollow hockery.. But to others circulation
rheans joy in general and wealth specifi-
cally. So ft was with Robert J. Potter.
As he continued to circulate liabilities
faded away. tm the en! the world con-
tained nothing but assets-negotiable as-
sete—and most of ‘er were in the poases-
sion of Robert J. Potter.

it was a few minutes before 11 o'clock
on Thursday night that Policeman Michael
Sheehan encountered Mr, Potter at 1th
street and Seventh avenue, Mr, Potter
appeared much attached to a lamp post
that did not appreciate his society and wae
frantically endeavoring to elude him: Rut
Mr. Potter waa foiling the reluctant lamp
post with one hand and with the other he
‘war trying to stanch e flow of blood from
a@ cut on his free ’ :

Policeman Sheehan, being a well trained
Officer cf the law, engaged Mr. Potterin
conversation and learn that Mr. Potter
had beén ‘attacked byw an army of unknown

reons who bart, beaten geverely and

hen robbed him of 6, nocash and a
many carated diamond ring, after which
they had gone their’ wa fapptnenrtediy.
Mr. Potter made light of his inju . at
wae the oss of his,qssets that grieved him.
He allowed the lamp post to.depart un-
certainly down The streérandatihseient ly
relied npon fhe palléémdi Tor support
As he to'd of his 4oas in simple, taltering
words, he wept unafectedly on Sheehan 6
sympathetic snoulder

The policeman called an ambulance
jrom the Harlem Hospital, and having seen
Potter on hia way to medical relief made
report to the West 125th street potice sta-
tion. Inatrice, or at any rate ina period
of time not much more extended than that,
the station had informed the Harlem de-
tective bureau, which hustled Detectives
Haggerty an’? Hughes up to the hospital.

Wren the detectives arrived Mr. Potter
was still engaged in having his face em-
broidered with catgut. When finished it
made a very pretty pattern. Reing inter-
viewed, Mr. Potter said through his tears
that he had been unkindly attacked by
six or seven men- all of them perfect
strangers to him -while he was waliing on
Seventh avenue. ne of them tried to hit

 

him with something that looked like an
elevated railroad ;illar, but he (Potter)
had valiantly beaten him off. He was

quite sure that he would have won the
battle had not another of these total
strangers struc’s him somewhat brusquely
with a bagful of | aving stones,

Mr. Fotter said, in rey ly to further in-
quiries, that he cid not at any time lose
conaciousness and toox parvevilar note
of the fact that fretty soon afer that-
certainly not more than ten minutes- five
of the men jumped on his stomach and
beat him over the head with black jacks,
while two or fourteen more went through
his pockets, He remembered _ reflecting
at the time that it was not at all the thing.

“What did these guys take off’n you?”
inquired one of the detectives who hai

ritently been much interested in Mi
Potter's staten ent

Mr. Potter saio that the strange gentle-
man had relieved him off bout six thousan’
in bills, a dimon’ ring of manifold carats,
a gol’ watch--Swias gol’ watch what hadda
chime movemunt.-dimor and em'ral pin,
pearl necklece what he waa takin’ to his
girl forra Chriatmas gif’, "bout a hundred
in small chance an’ a overcoat what had a
lotta railroad bon s in the pocket of it,
Potter was too overcome to remember th -
exact-face value of the bonds, but it was
gev'ral thousan’ dollars.

Mr. Potier became absorbed in tracing
out with hia finger tips. the attractive pat-
tern’that the surgeons had stitched upon
his cheek; but be left off this fascinating
employment long enough to say to the
detectives that he lived at 232 West 12xth
street. So the detectives posted off hope-
fully and soon arrived without untoward
incident at the vacant lot which ornaments
that number. Here they puised long
enough to say that it was a fine evening
and that the stars were remarkably bright,
after which they returned to the oxhibit
of plain and fancy sewing at the hospital.

{r. Potter much regretted having un-
tensh. -—un-ten er—un-in-tensh’nally
misle? the detectives. We had intended
to day he lived at 252 West 21st street.
And, hy the way, he had neglected to add
that the strange gentleman who hid been
so rude to him had also taken from him
a gol’ matchbox — yes an’ a knife— dimon’
atideted knife.

The detectives were duly impressed.
They said they were going to Mr. Potter's
residence and if he felt able to come along
they would blow him toa ride ina real hack.
Mr. Potter's remarks were interpreted as
constitu.ing am acceptance. He said that
he was very tired and would like to go to
bed, if it was all the same to the detec-
tives.

On. the. way homo Mr. Potter recalled a
number of other aapepe that the strange
gentleman had carried away. There was
a ruby watch charm--blood ruby, it a
seared, which his aunt gave him for a birth-
day present. “'N,’ ob, yes, a gol’ cigarette
case all over studded with em’rals and
dimons and--—”

Further losses were postponed by arrival
of the hack at 232 West i2ist street. If
the ride had been one block ona. Potter
would have been at least a million to the
bad. The detectives found that Mrs.
Hannah Ryan m ed a boarding house
at the 121st street address and that Potter
was indeed one of the lodgers. To Mra.
Ryan the detectives related the story of
Potter's misfortunes. She smiled.

“Just wait a minute till I see if his room’s
all ready.” shaid she. |

“But,” said Detective Hughes,“he sa
hep ae $6,000 and enough jewelry to sink
a ship. ‘
“Huh!” said Mrs. Ryan. “When he left
here he had about 3) cents and a ver-ce
large package, and to my certain knowledge
there wasn’t any money or jewe in it.
A friend of his telephoned_me that the side-
walk had blown up and hit Bob a welt.”

Mr. Potter added nothing to the conversa-
tion. He looked very pretty and very
comfortable as he sat there, nicely em-
b i, slumbering in the easy chair.

Yesterday afternoon Detectivé Newman
called on Mr. Potter and he says that Mr.
Potter told him he hadn't lost anything
but considerable Yuletide — and that
so far as he knew nobody had assaulted
him. Mr. Potter was much interested, Mr.
Newman says, in his account of what Mr.
Potter had told Detectives Hughes and
Haggerty. Mr. Newman also dec that
it’s as handsome a piece of catgut work
as he’s ever seen on a human face

Dissing Toward Entombed Miners.
Exy, Nev., Dec. 27.~-Rescue work in the
Alpha shaft is progressing as rapidly as
ible. The rescuers have about 900
‘eet between them and the 1,000 foot level

here the three Abou
ten fot aday b being made .

Mr. |

|

 

cr i a

|

{

{

 

 

 

THE 80 CENT GAS DECISION.

Attorney-General Thinks It More Favor-
able te the People Than Hae Appeared.
AvBany, Dec. 2:.—Attorney-General Jack-
a#0n seems to think that the published effect
8 the opinion of United States Judge Hough
in the New York city #0 cents gas case is
not in keeping with his reading of the
opinion and that the result of the decision
of the United States Court is much more
favorable to the people than has appeared.
In a statement issueci. to-night he says:

I have compared the decision Judge
Hough with the report of the apecial master
in the so-called “eighty cent gas case” and
find thet Judge Hough's decision differs es-
sentially from the maeter’s report and pre-
sents the people's case to euch advantage as
to increase my confidence of success on the
appeal which will be taken as soon as the
decree is entered. Some of the principal
pointes of difference are:

Valuation of franchises and good will by
master, $20,000,000; decrease by Court and
gain to people, $8,000,000. .

Valuation of tangible property in 1905 by
master, $63,337,000; decrease by Court and
gain to people, $16,335,155.

Coat of production in 1905 by master, $7,-

2,832; decrease by Court and gain to people,
$1,053,685,

Income from manufacture and sale of
@as in 1905 by master, $10,825,037; increase by
Court and gain to people, $1,865,717.

Net earnings in 1906 by master, $4,983,024:
increase by Court and gain to people, $007,028.

Annual return upon property, exclusive
of franchise values, under eighty cent rate,
as computed by master, 3.6 per cent.; same as
computed by Court, 6.4 per cent.: gain to
people, 2.8 per cent.

Annual return upon property, including
franchise values under 80 per cent. rate as
computed by master, 2.8 per cent.: same aa
computed by Court, 5.1 per cent.; gain to
people, ?.3 per cent.

The salient questions which Judge Hough's
decision will present to the United States
Supreme Court are:

First--Is a law confiscatory which per-
mits a return of 5 per cent. per annum upon
a corporation's property, including the esti-
mated value of ita franchise?

Second Is a public service corporation
entitled to return upon the value of its fran-
chise, i. e., is it entitled to charge the public
for the permission to operate given to the
corporation by the public?

If the Supreme Court of the United States
shall hold that it is not able to say that a
5 per cent. return as computed by the Cirenit
Court is confiscatory of the company's prop-
erty, then the people will win the case. If
it shall hold that a 5 per cent. return ts con-
flacatory but that a 6 per cent. return is not,
and also shall hold that the company is not
entitled to earna return upon its franchise
values as estimated, then the people will
win the case. For with the value of the com-
pany’s franchises eliminated from Judge
Hough's schedule of the property upon which
it ia entitled to earn a return the company

would be able to earn approximately a 6.4 per ;

cent. return on its property.

GOV. HUGHES‘ AT WORK AGAIN.

Confers With Chairman and Counsel of the
(Ny Publite Service Commission.

AxBany, Dec. 27..-Gov. Hughes has re-
covered sufficiently from the recent attack
of grip to be about his duties again.
was in the Executive Chamber to-day for
the first time since Saturday last.

Chairman Willcox of the New York city
State Public Service Commission .and
Abel E. Blackmar, counsel for the com-
mission, conferred on proposed changes in
the public service law to-day with the
Governor. It seems to be conceded that
new subways cannot be built unless the
subway bonds are cut out of the debt limit
computation or else the twenty year lease
limitation be revealed.

Gov. Hughes volunteered the information
that he was not considering the question
of eubstituting a State insurance com-
mission for the State Surerintendent of
Insu-ance.

SNATCHED SHOPPER'S PURSE.

Policemen Were Right Near, However,
and Got Back the Pocketbook.

Anna Mansell, who lives at 328 East t5ist
street, has to thank the Menhaitan De-
tective Bureau for the recovery of her
purse, containing more than $100 in checks
and money. Miss Mansell was hunting for
post-Chrisimas bargains along Fourteenth
street
#enatched her purse and striking her in the
face ran off toward Fifth avenue.

Capt. Price of the Detective Bureau has
been keeping the shopping district well

 

 

 

covered with plain clothes detectives all |

through the holidays. Two of these,
Wilbur and Gegan, were on Fourteenth
street between Fifth and Sixth avenues
when the negro darted pasi them. They
gave chase through the excited crowd
and caught the man at Fifth avenue ani
Sixteenth street. The *ketbook was
found on him and returned to Miss Mansell,
who identified the man as the assailant.

negro said he was John Henry, 20
years old, of Newark. He said he had had
nothing to eat for several days and had
been driven to stealing the purse.

DEATH BLASTS INVALIDS HOPE,

Maxwell Spencer Expires on Train While
Hurrying Home to Die.

Livcoutn, Neb., Dec. 27.—Maxwell Spen-
cer, aged 26, of 24 East Ninety-sixth street,
New York, died to-day while a passenger
on the Burlington eastbound train as it was
entering Denton, six miles west of Lincoln.

a was a consumptive and had been
in the West for several monthe accom-
panied Dr. A. A. Greenburg of 71 Gerry
street, klyn. When Spencer became
convinced that recovery was im ible,
he be to be taken home to . De.
Greenburg told him he would not reach
New York alive, but he persisted.

The body was prepared for burial here

and taken East to-night.
a

 

 

 

The Weather.

‘The area of low pressure from the Western States
moved eastward yesterday, and with ite centre over
Lake Superior covered the Lake regions and cast-
ward to the Alleghany Mountains and into the ea-
treme Southwest.

‘There was some snow and rain in the upper Lakes,
but it caused no other precipitation.

The weather was cloudy in most districts east
of the Mississippi River.

Generally fair weather prevailed in the Western
sections, excepting snow in Idaho.

The jow area induced muci warmer weather
into all States east of the Mississippi, except New
England, where it was colder, and from the west
Gulf nerthward into Iowa and Nebraska.

The only freezing weather east of the Mississippi
was in New England.

In the Northwest it was much colder. and in
northern Montana and North Dakota the tem
peratures were below zero, The lowest reported
was 14 degrees below at Williston, N. D.

In this city the day was partly cloudy; warmer:
wind, light southeast to south: av :rage humidity,
84 per cent.; barometer, corrected to read to sea
level, at 8 A. M., 30.26; 3 P. M., 30.00.

The temperature yesterday, ax recorded by the
ofMcial thermometer, is shown In the anneted table:

1907. 1006. | 1907. 1908.
9A, M...... 4° 2'|GoP.M » Bd
12 M........ 68° | 9 P.M “ee CW
SP. M...... 50° 42’ ,13 Mid “a “

Highest tempernture, 52°, at 1 P. M.
WASHINOTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.

For eastern New York, rain and colder to-day:
fair ta-morrow, except snow flurries in northern
portion; brisk southwesterly shifting ta northwesterly
winds.

For New England, rain to-day and colder in
southwest portion; fair and colder to-mgrrow;
brisk southwesterly shifting to westerly winds.

For eastern’ Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Delaware, cloudy and probably rain to-day: fair
and much colder to-morrow; brisk southwesterly
winds, becomtng northwesterly.

For the District of Columbia ant Maryfand,
eloudy to-day and probably rain tate in the after-
noon or at night; fair and colder to-morrow; fresh
southwesterly shifting to northwesterly winds.

For western New York, rain ani colder to-day;
snow to-morrow; fresh to brisk northwesterly
winds.

For western Penasyivania and Oblo, rain and
colder to-day; fair to-morrow, cacept snow Gurrics
along the Lakes.

He |

yesterday when a negro ran up, |

   

 

| MRS. CARTER GETS PLAYS BACK

CAN'T MAKE HER ACT FOR BENE-
FIT OF CREDITORS, SAYS COURT,

 

 

And Orders Receiver in Bankruptcy to
Relinguish Possession of “Zaza” and
“Du Barry,’’ Which Belasco Loaned to
Her—She Was Limited to 8! .200 a Week

Judge Hough of the United States Dis-
trict Court handed down yesterday a de-
cision holding that Mrs. Leslie Carter-Payne,
the actress, now in bakruptcy, has a right
to the possession of the property, costumes,
&c., of the “Zaza” and “Du Barry” pro-
ductions and to a contract entered into
between the actress and Thomas R. Hart
to play “Fedora” and “La Tosca.”

Kara P. Prentice, the receiver appointed
by the Court to take charge of Mrs. Carter-
| Payne's assets when she was adjudged

a bankrupt on November 19 last, is ordered

to relinquish whatever theatrical property

of hers he holds.

The receiver averre:d that the actreas’s
only asset is her ability to act in the plays
mentioned, and that therefore he has the
right to compel her to continue to play for
the benefit of her creditors. The situation,
however, is complicate’ by the fact that
Mrs. Carter-Payne does not lay any claim
to the property rights of “Zaza” and “Du

! Barry,” both of which were loaned gratis to

! her by David Belasco, the collaborating

| author and owner of the plays.

| Mrs. Carter-Payne tacitly admitted, how-
ever, that she owned the plays by agreeing
to turn over to the receivers all the receipts
therefrom except $1,200 a week to be re-
tained by her as salary. She did this on

December 6 last in Syracuse to prevent the
jy company from being disbanded.

In the meantime she had entered into a
contract with Thomas R. Hart for the pro-
duction of “Fedora” and “La Tos2a,” which
the receiver ais» tried to attach, since it has
some time yet to run. It was at thie time
that Judge Dittenhoefer, counsel for Mr.
Relasce, wrote:

“I call attention again to the fact that
Mr. Belasco desires no payment from Mrs.
Carter whatever and we all wis) her suc-
ceas.”

Mrs. Carter's counsel, Hoadly, Lauter-
bach & Johnson, asked that the contract

| She entered into with the receiver at Syra-
cus® be declared void and that the Hart
contract be declared in no wise subject to
the receiver's control or operation. Judge
Hough in his opinion siys:

ft is clear that contracts involving rela-
tions of pereonal confidence, and such that
the party whose agreement conferred those
| ri@hts nmst have intended them to be
exercised only by him in whom he actually
confided, are nat transferable. This doctrine
is supported by ampleauthority. There being
no power in the receiver or trustee in bank-
ruptey to compel the bankrupt to appear
and act in any of the plays covered by any
of the documents submitted, the sure test of
the receiver's rights is the inquiry whether
the bankrupt could assian or sell either the
so-called license to produce “Du Barry” and
“Zaza” or the agreement regarding the pro-
duction of “Fedora” and “La Toaca.”

As to the agreement regarding “Zaza
and “Du Barry,” the Belasco letter of March
12 Says expressly that the “productions” are
delivered to the bankrupt “for her use.”
And the Hart agreement confers upon the
bankrupt a license to represent said pliys
upon the stage for a certain period. ‘This
language, taken in conjunction with the
admitted facts that tae bankrupt is well
known to be peculiarly identified with the
representation of the plays “Du Barry” and
“Zaza” and with the representation on the
stage of plays of the character of all four
of the dramas mentioned, leads, { think,
to the inevitable conclusion that there was
between Belasco and Mart on the one hand

 

personal confidence, and thit any effort to
assign any of these agreements or the richt
of representation thereunder to any other
person by the bankrupt would be in contra-
vention of the rithts of Belasco and Hart

How true this is ia shown by the very uacree-
ment procured from the bankrupt by the
receiver. He could not take the production
in sense of the right to represent these plays,
because, even assuming the right to take, it
would be perfectly useless in his hands He
could nol take the scenery and furniture of
“Du Barry” and “Zaza” productions because
they belong to Belasco, and the agreement
that he has tentatively made really means
that he expects the bankrupt after adjuci-
cation to work for the bene it of the sched-
uled creditors

1

|

!

!

'

'

|

| ; .

However inequitable it seems that an

| actress whose sole asst is the ability to
earn a large samry can by continuing
to play keep that asset unimpaired after
adjudication, such is, the Judge thinks,
the law, and an order may be entered de-
claring that the receiver or any trustee
to be appointed has and can have no title
to any of theso theatrical productions or
to the emouments arising therefrom.

MRS. PIRIE AFTER “ALIMONY.

|

|

| Asserts That Her Husband Lives at the
| Rate of 620,000 a Vear.

|

|

|

Justice Davis in the Supreme Court
| reserved decision yesterday on an appli-
cation by Moses H. Grossman, as counsel!
| for Mrs. Hazel B. Pirie, for an order
| directing hor husband, Allen H. Pirie, to
| allow her $250 a week alimony and suitable
counsel fees pending the trial of Mrs. Pirie’s
suit for separation.
| Pirie is said to be a son of John Pirie,
a member of the dry goods firm of Carson,
| Pirie, Scott & Co. He was arrested at Sea
Cliff on Dece:nber 19 on an order signed
by Justice Greenbaum at the instance of
)Mrs. Pirie and is still in the Nassau county
jail at Mineola, having found it impossible
to get bail. Mrs. Pirie got the order for
his arrest on the plea that he was not a
resident of New York State and intended
to leave the jurisdiction.

Lawyer Grossman told Justice Green-
baum that Pirie had treated his wife bru«
tally and had deserted her in April. 1906.
As to Pirie’s resources, Lawyer Grossman
declared that the pair while together had
lived in expensive fashion, with automo-
biles, steam yacht and other hixuries at
their disposal. Pirie, said the lawyer, was
the prospective heir toa large fortune.

aa er James W. Hyde, for Pirie, denied
that his client was a man of wealth and
asserted also that Pirie waa not a non-
resident, but had voted in SeafCliiff for seven

ears and that therefore the order for

irie’s arreat should not have been granted.
Lawyer Grossman replied that his affi-
davita would show that Pirie had voted in

Evanston, a suburb of Ch ©, last year
and that he was listed on the payroll of
| his father’s firm at $450 a month. The
| lawyer adcel that young Pirie had a
private income besides his father’s allow-
ance, which enab!e! him to live at the rate
of $20,000 a year.

A. Holiday
Greeting

Just a word of cheer
and good will is much
appreciated,

Why not say that word
to all your friends ?
You can do it in person
easily and quickly

By Telephone

       
       
      

 
 

 

  
 

and the bankrupt on the other a relation of |

” *” a ma

| WEAK SPOT IN HARDEN CASE.

Testimony of Count Yon Moltke’s Former
| Wife Wieeredited.
Speciat Cadle Despaich to Tus Sun.

Beri, Dec. 27.--In the course of the
trial to-day of Maximilien Harden on a
charge of criminally libelling Count Kuno
von Moltke, Dr. Frey of Vienna testified,
under cross-examination, that he had at-
tended Countess von Elbe, formerly the
wife of Count von Moltke, and that the
gravest charges she had made against her
husband were based on fantasy.

A medical certificate was handed in, set-
ting forth that the Countess von Elbe was

ously ill and would be unable toappear
before next week.

Much that Harden published aguinst the
members of the court coterie of which
Count von Moltke was a member was based
on information furnished to him by the
Countess von Elbe. She testified strongly

! against her former husband at Harden's
first trial, but when she was called the other
day on direct examination in the present
trial she greatly modified her testimony.
Herr Liman, editor of the Leipziger
Nachrichten, who was a friend of the late
Prince Bismarck, teatifled that the Prince
| frequentiy talked of the pernicious in-

 

fluence of the camarilla, but the witness
would not say that Prince Bismarck sug-
gested that the Prince Zueulenburg was
addicted to immorality. The Prince aa-
cribed ‘his dismissal from the chanvellor-
ship to the camarilla’s machinations. He
believed they kept up the estrangement
between himself and the Kaiser.
Prince zu Eulenburg in an emotional
voice enarnes:ly denied this testimony.
He s2id he was on the most friendly terms
with Prince Bismarck until the latter's
relationa with the Kaiser were broken.
He as'ted the Court to remember that Prince
| Bismarck was a man of “voleanic hates.”
Continuing Prince zu Eulenburg reealed
| @Tectionately the hcspitality he had enjoyed
| frees Prince Bis narck, on whos? account
he encounteret much hos‘ility after the
rutpure between him and the Kaiser. He
emphatically deniei that he influence!
the Kaisor politically and declare4 that he
seldom talked politics with hia Majesty
FIGHT IN INDIAN CONFERENCE
Faction Hostile to England @ause Turbu-
lent Adjournment.
Special Cabvle Despatch to THe SUN

Surat, India, Dec. 27.. The twenty-third
annual session of the Indian National Con-
greas broke up to-day im the wildest dis-
order.

An Extremist delegate, named ‘Tilak,
attempted io make an amendment to a
motion for the eleccion of Dr. Ghose, leader
of the Moderate party, to the presidency of
the Congress. A free fight ensued, the
platform was rushed, the furniture was
smashed and many delegates were injured.
The police had to be called in

The delegates to the Congress number
nearly two thousand and are from all parts
of India, The Moderate wing is in accord
with the schemes of the British Govern-
ment for the betterment of the native
p?pulation, while the Extremists are for
India for the Hindus, independence and
the boycotting of everything British.

The Moderates have issued an announce-
ment that the Congres: is adjourned sine
die, They will meet alone to-morrow
and sign a covenant to carry on the move-
ment for colonial self-government on con-
stitutional lines.

pc ae

| DRUCE GRAVE OPENING PLANS.
Only Six Persons to Be Present —Date Not

 

Reveaied.
Special Cadlte Nespotch to Tun Sux
Lonvon, Dec. 24.-Herbert Gladstone,

Home Secretary, having granted a license
| for the opening of the Druce grave in High-
|} gate Cemetery, Chancellor Thomas H.
| Fetetrann, presiaing over the Consistory
} Court of London, in St. Paul'a Cathedral,
| to-day granted the cemetery company’s
application for a faculty for that purpose.

George Hollamby Druce, the claimant to
the Portland estates, in whose behalf the
application was really made, will not be
allowed to be present at the opening of the
grave, but he will be represented. Only
| six persons will be allowed.

The date of the opening is being kept
secret, but it transpires that the cemetery
will not accept funerals for Dec. 30 or 41

JAPAN'S EMIGRATION CHECKS.

Provincial Governors Issue Passports Loose.
ly, but Conditions Will Improve.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun

Lonpon, Dec. 28.--The Tokio correspon -
dent of the}Telegraph, referring to Japan's
measures for a stricter supervision of emi-
grants, says that some of the prefectural
Governors are interpreting rather widely
the Government's instructions and are issu-
ing passports rather loosely, thereby
prejudicing the Government's bonafides.

Transmigration seems not to have been
checked hitherto, according, to statistics,
but it will be entirely stopped by May, 1908.

It is expected that the American nego-
tiations will be settled before the reassem-
bling of Congress.

PORTO BIC AN SCHOOL SHAKEUS

 

| Present System Unsatisfactory—Boards to
Consult on New Laws.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.

San Juan, P. R., Dec. 27.--The educa-
tional system being entirely unsatisfactory,
E, G. Dexter, Commissioner of Education,

desires to make a change. He has con-
voked all ‘he school boarda of the island

| cities in order that they may express their
opinions and make suggestions with the
view to having the coming Legislature
amerid tne school laws.

Suct, action haa never been taken before
and it meets with general commendation.

THE POPE HONORS PEROSI.

With Cardinals and the Elite of Rome He

’ Hears Priest's New Oratorio.

Special Cable Despatch to Tug SUN.

Rome, Dec. 27.--The Pope, the Cardinals,
the pontifical court and many of the élite
of Roman society attended to-day the first
performance of Father Perosi’s new ora-
torio, “Transitus Anime,” in the Sala Regia
of the Vatican.

The work was highly successful and the
‘Pope warmly complimented the composer

 

MAL BE BIG HAVANA STRIKE,

Labor Untons Hold a Meeting in Support
of the Masons.
Special Cabse Despatch t Tan Sun.
Havana, Dec. 27.—Practically all the
at which a general strike was threatened
if the contractors do noi concede the de-
mands made by the striking masons.

 

Review of U. 8. Troops Near Havana.
Spécial Cable Despatch © Tae Sun.
Havana, Dec. 27.—Gen. Barry reviewed
all the forces at Camp Columbia this after-
noon. The health of the troops is excel-
tent. All are in
day festivities.

Shenandoah Towed Into San Francisco,”
San Francisco, Dec. 27.—The Shenan-

doah was towed into the harbor this morn-
ing from the Potato Patch shoals where
yesterda,

good spirits after the holie

ebe wus stuck

unions in the city held a meeting to-day, |

y-

wh Fiat eho re

THE SUN. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 28, 1007, 000° 7.

NEW CLUES IN SWAMP MURDER

 

POLICE GET A FEW, BUT CAN'T.

 

Conrksing Statements by Many Persons Who
Say They Saw Her in Harrison and
Newark—More of Her Clothes Found
Autopsy and Inquest Are Delayed.

Among the hundreds of persons who
filed into the back room of the undertaker's
shop in Harrison, N. J., yesterday to }
at the body which was found on Thursday
morning in Lamp Black Swamp there was
: not ene who could identify the woman,

They came from a dozen towns in that
part of Jersey, husbands in search of run-
away wives, mothers who hesitated to
glance under the white sheet for fear that
the face of a daughter might be disclosed,
brothers looking for a sister, detectives
and swarms of the morbidly curious.

One person only had ever seen. her
before, so he said. He was William Snyder
of Newark. He was standing in front of
a restaurant in Market street, Newark,

j; on Christmas night when a stoutly built,
rather good looking woman who wore

a tailormade claret colored suit of military

cut stepped up to him and asked him where

she could find a cheap restaurant.
| “It's got to be pretty cheap, too,” she
said, “because I'm pretty nearly broke.”
| Snyder showed her to a lunch room,
; When he looked at the body yesterday
and the clothing that had been fished out
| of the river and picked up along the edge
| of the swamp he was positive that the
| dead woman was the same who spoke to
him on Christmas night.

The mystery of this womans death is as
complete as it was the morning her body
was found, To the questions as to what
caused her death, how the body was thrown
into the awamp hdck of Harrison, who she
was, where she came from, the police haven't
found an answer. Among the dozen highly
colored stories told by the swamp dwellers,
the boatmen, a watchman at this place and a
watchman at that, there isn't a single faet
or circumstance which could be used ‘as a
| means of identificat’on or a clue to the ex-
| planation of orime- if crime there was.

It was expected that County Physician
Converse of Hudson would perform an
autopsy yesterday, and that that would
make plain the cause of the woman's death.
To the irritation of the poliee, however, it
appeared that th duties of the county phy-
siclan are too pressing, too absorbent of
time, to permit him to act speedily toward
assisting in clearing up a probabe crime.

| Dr, Converse appeared at the undertaker’s
shop, looked at the weer. and went away.

| The autopsy may be held to-morrow or it
may be held next week some time.

| Meanwhile there is no external appear-

| anee of murder. Save for a few scratches

on the face, the upper part of the bosy. the

!

|

knees and the elbows, caused possibly b:
dragging the body over rough ground,
there are no marks that would indicate vio-
lence. She was not stabbed nor shot. nor
beaten to death. Only the autopsy will de-
velop whether she died from poison.
Undertaker Walsh and physicians who
looked at the body yesterday did not be-
lieve that poison killed the woman, though
of course they could not advance positive
opinions. Nude bodies do not throw them-
selves into swamps, nor do dead people
rip their own cfothes of with sharp knives.
Whether she was murdered or came to her
death naturally, some person or persons
had a pretty strong reason for getting rid
of the woman hastily and for trying to
hide her clothing. Chief of Police gers
| aaid yesterday after:oon that, although
it was possible she mi have died of
\heart disease, a husband would ‘be found
sooner or layer seeking a wife that syd.
denly disappeared from home.
| More of her clothes were found yester-
/ day. The engineer of the tugteoat Christina
{ Baird fished a claret colored skirt, the
| mate of the gilt braided jacket found the
day before, out of the river near the Centre
strect bridge. The skirt had been slit
| with a keenedged knife from waist line
to hem. Mrs. Carl Reinhardt, who lives
aboard the houseboat Orlando, saw a whi.e
silk waist oan in the river and pulled
it out. It had been cut down the back
An under-
vest was found by a member of the Passaic
Boat Club lying on the river bank between
the Marine Machine Works and the boat-

exactly as the skirt was slit.

house. A woman's belt of blue flanoel was
found late in the afternoon ground into the
mud very near where the body lay.

It seems pretty certain that the woman's
body was taken to the ote of the swamp
late on Christmas night. bably carted
there in a light wagon. Then, whoever
took it there, being pressed for time, eut
the clothes oi her, not stopping to unpin
or unbutton, made a bundle of them and
threw them into the river. The police be-
lieve that through haste or forgetfulneas
the fur muff and stole were left lying on the
bank where they were found by Albert’
Thompson and Frederick Kirkman of the

catboat Idle Hour, who are under arrest ;

|
charged with being suspicious pereons, Some
| of the detectives who were inv estigating the
mystery thought that the woman migh:
| have come to her death through accident
| but under circumstances which wouldn't
| bear investigation, and that she was taken
hastily from Newark and thrown into the
swamp.
|

.
Peter Coogan, night watchman at the .

Marine Machine Works, on the bank of the
river, and John Thumm, who keeps a saloon
at the corner of Railroad avenue and First
street, in Harrison, are positive they saw
the woman in -the red military suit late
( hristmas night in company with a short,
heavily built, deep voiced man, who wore an
amazingly large and bushy mustache.
Coogan says he saw the pair go toward
the river at about 10 o’clock on Christmas
night and insisted that he couldn't be mis-
taken in the woman. He added a hat with
a white feather or a bow of white ribbon
to the description of her clothing. About
midnight, Coogan said, the short, thick
shouldered man with the big mustache
came back that way alone. He must have
seen the light of Coogan’s lantern. The
watchman heard him muttering:

“Damn it’ I thought I saw alight. I
don't see it now, and I guess there ain't
any ghosts around here.”

ust then, Coogan says with much detail,
he stepped out suddenly from behind a door
and flashed his light in the man's face. The
— gumpee Sa ee we ag

“Oh, you saw a light all right,” said the
watchman. “What's doin Tove
river? Where's your lady S
soar a hehe” A aoa
short m : “2

link, a, oe man down

y the in bis shirt sleeves’ 1
you mean him.”

‘oo
carried a good sized, bundle under his right
arm and what looked like a fold of black
cloth was sticking out of one end of the badly
wrapped parcel. He walked away without
more words, going swiftly toward the Centre
street bridge.

Coogan saw the body yesterday. The
police say he was positive it was that of the
wegpee he a = eee night.

um, the saloon keeper, was ea, to
et upstairs to his wife and children ana

4

oo tee

night. He heard a shuffling of feet outside
his door, the noise that one makes in scrap-
ing mud off clogged shoes. Thum looked
out and saw a short, wide shonidered man,
accompanied by a tall, weil built woman,
who wore furs and looked like t @ woman
he saw in the mp later.

Half a dozen ot) men told the police
that they had seen a woman on Christmas
night who resembled the woman in the
| red suit, but peaiclin’ | poe

io. if all
have in

eli eit, Gl
pereias Ue 20 re

by trade, and bough
October from Louis
Brooklyn. He thought he could make

 
 
  

  

G
)

  

t. the. catboat
ibble of Davis street,

Toe
z
&

IDENTIFY THE DEAD WOMAN. \

at the} A&A

  
 

n noticed, so he Says, that the /

their Christmas tree about 10 30.0’cloek that ;

 
  
  

= G24

  
  
 
 
   
   

Fashionable
Occasions

Demand the highest de-
_ gree of art-in sboes- for
th men and women.
The conventional patent
leather for men is all
that’s’ required, but you
have seen patent leathers
on men that looked like
a crumpled piece of oil
- cloth... It’s high art to
put a patent leather shoe
on @ man that looks as
‘smooth and shiny as his
dress shirt. We can do
it. There are so many
styles in women's fash-
ionable foot-wear that’
are acceptable that it is
hard to describe
them, but
whatever is
dainty and
up-to-date
we have.
Price, 3
dollars

 
  

 
      
  

 

 
  
 

  
   
   
   
  
 
  

   
  
   
   
 

  
  

 

    

  
     
   
 

  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 
   

  
 

never
any

_ lower;

never
ony

vig bigher .

‘ Get a Shoe~

y maker's Fit.

Frazin & Oppouheim
18th St. and Sixth Aye.,
6th Ave. at Zist St...

260 West 125th St.,
3d Ave.. cor. 124th St.

      
 
  
 

      
     
     

  

 

a living out of it in the dyster and fish

)
| trade,
Kirkman, alao a. moulder, had, wn
Thor min England aud they had worked
together in Elizabeth and other places.
Thompson used to tive in Brooklyn, he
said, andthe keen intelligence of the Harri-
son sleuths immediately connected with
that admission the fact that the braided
jacket bore the name of Oppenheim, Collins
& Co., Fulton and prides streets, Brooklyn.
Both men were held for further examination,
Samuel! Rosenbaum, manager ef Oppen-
| heim, Collins & Co., looked at the woman's
jacket yesterday when the police took it
over to the Brooklyn store, but his in-
formation wasn’t of much help. The suit
to which the jacket belonged was one of a
lot of twenty-four red cheviot military
| effect suits that the firm received in a con-
sigoment of five handred suits last Seprem-
| ber. ihe-red sulle were the first to go, he
said, - The date of the sale, Mr. Rosenbaum
was sure, was in the first two weeks of
September. The Sone had no records that
showed who bought the suits.
Coroner Bunnell last night empanelled a
‘yj of eight men, four from Jersey City
| a four from Harrison. ‘They viewed the
dy'ef the gitl, and then the Coroner an-
nounced that the jary
quest in the town hall
night of January 3.
!
!
|
|
|

would hold the in-
at Harrison on the

3 DEAD, 20 HURT IN WRECK.
Pennsylvania Accommodation Train tits
an Express at Camden, N. J.

CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. Uhree persons

wére killed ahd a score were more oF less

seriously injured in a colliston this morning
on the new elevated line of the Penns ,|-
vania Railroad system, when « Pembertan
accommodation train crashed into the rear
of an Atlantic Cit¥ express! The dead are:

Thomas L. Webster of Merchantville, N, J.-

C. T. Sontgen of Sthnwodd, N.J.. and James

Garrani of Mount Holly, N. J. .
Thow, killed and injured were in the
, smoking oar of the accommodation triin,
| next to the locomotive.

Atlantic City train was injured, nor were

the firemen or enginoers of either train

hurt. The majority of the passengers had
left the AtilantieCity traio when the erish
occurred,

There was a denze fog at the time, which
| is supposed to have caused. the accident
The Atlantic City train -wae mationary
| having been etopped just gute de the train
| hed. Foraome reason as yet wader min. i
| the Pemberton accommodation bore down
| upon it, thé impact driving the tender o
| the accommodation train locomotive nnder
| the amnoker bebind it, in which nearly every
| passenger waa injured to some extent.

‘the rear car of the Atlantic City train
caught fire and the fire department and.al!
the police reserves of the city were cailed
out. The firemen, trainjhands and the potice
worked energetically to get. the dead and
injured from the wreck. The three men
taken out dead were removed to the morgue
and those who were. seriously injured were
taken to Cooper Hospital. A corps
physicians treated a number of th:
seriously injured on the scan».

TO ADVISE ON TUBERCULOSIS.

Commissioner Dartington and Others Mem.
bers of the Board.

Dr. Eugene H. Porter, Commiasioner of
the State Department of Health at Albany,
is making up an advisory board on tubercu-
losis and has written to Dr. Thomas Dar-
lington, president of the local Board of
Health, asking him to become a member.
Dr. Darlington yesterday accepted

Others’to whom Dr. Porter has written
are Livingston Farrand, Homer Folks and

ifred Meyer of New — Dr. E.R. Bald-

27

less

o--

 

 

   
    
  
 

   

vevintehest in
, losie, and a committee
cuaaie of Mayor Allan C. Forbes, R. S.
Bowen, Commissioner of Public Safety;
U. C. Clark, secretary of the Chamber of
Commerce, and Albert P. Fowler, a member
of the Chamber of Commerce, yesterday
| called otf Dr. Darltriftton to ascertain what
i
!

 
     

New York had done and was doing.

© ee ee che ened See nein

Carion Tzchaloff Arrested.

A despatch from Franklin Furnace,
Pa., was ved hy Capt. Price at Police
Headquarters yesterday telling of the
arrest at that place of Carlon Tzchaloff,
& Polish miner, who is wanted in connection
with the death on Thursday of Marie
Maohiessky of 340-Cherry street. Tzchaloff
wanted to marry the &" but her parents
refuged permission. On Thursday the girl
was ehot at herheme. The arrest at Frank-
lin Furnace followed a despatch which
Capt Price sent to the authorities there.

   
 

— een ee a
-

a cc — a ee © ES

es ae ee

|
|
i
| =
|

t

|
|
|

No on® op the |

 

ee = oe ee

 
   
   
  

 
   
  
    
 
  
      
    
    
  
 

INSPECTED |
MILK- |
BORDEN’S |

‘ ° ° j
Fresh Clean Milk | °
Pure ‘and Rich, Which
Intelligent Housekeep-

ers are More and More
Demanding.

 

   
    
     
   
  
 

Systematic °' A!!

airies

Inspection 3, the”

Company's Vetevinaries,
the Only Way of Insuré_’
ing the Health of the
Cows.

  

         
  
     
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
     
    
    
      
     
   
     
   
   
  

: wa 2
Medical ‘4° 4-:
e Com.

Inspection) 6:6.’
‘Health Records of Those «2
Connected with the Pro
duction and: Handbing,
of Our Milk.

~—

In Sealed . 7,

Properly
e tlass Bote eo
Delivered (j.. 4. a

Compiuny with Respon-*.
sibility aud Reputation.

9 Cents Per Quart

Is a Low Price for Such...

 

Exceptionally Pure,”
CLEAN. MILK, _ to-
gether with Ideal Ser-
viee. 7

Borden’s Condensed Mik Co,
“LEADERS OF QUALITY,”

Pstablished 1937.

CALEB POWERS'S DEFENCE IN,
Offers Testimony Contradicting VYoutsey,
Noaks and Wharton Golden,

GrorceTown, Ky., Dec. 27.—Caleb Powera.
completed his defence to-day with some:
contradictions of the testimony of the 9
State's star witnesses, Henry Youtgeys)
Robert Noaks and Wharton Golden. It 7
wee shown by the stenographic notes that]
at former trials both Noaks and Youtsey had”
faile t to testify to matters they dwelt apon ©
at this trial and that Golden had boasted ”
thet he got immunity for swearing again 1
hia former cesdciates ‘

Powers again tock an active part in
tria!, and watching the progress of the)
trict were a number of prominent attorneys 7
from cifferent parte of the country, includ a?

ing Juage Thurman of Boston, * i

ie rebuttal testimony of the prosecution |
this afternoon was for the purpose of ¢on- |
tracieting witnesses who declared Jim #
foward wee et the Board of Trade Hotel. -
Tae propriecor sud Howard was not there. )
You.ssy sid Howard fired the shot and”
Hower] siid he was at the Board of Trade ”
Hote! when Goebei's body was taken by ©
the place ‘ i

PASSENGERS HOLD UP ronnens, 7

Men Who fricd to Loot Travellers Turned
ver to Shertil,
Deer River, Minn., Dec. 27.--The.Great)
Northern passenger train leaving Superior
at #10 list night was boarded by three i
armed men who tried to hold up thespase ”)

70
an
i

' sengers. “te

of |

een

The pissencers attacked the
knocked them down, disarmed them
turrod them over to the * heriff.

 
   
         

the direst

    
 
  

Owned » and bottled
control of the French

  

“Silver Plate that Wears”
, Jelly Knives ..

s, ae efc., always ia
taste, are marked

 
      
 
    

SOLO BY LEADING DEALERS
Sitver aras, pitchers, bulter
dishes, sugar bowls, fo be
right, should be made

MERIDEN BAITS