Rs a . New York. President and Treasurer

ae :

 

PP SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1907.

 

J 1 at the Post Office at New York as Second
me Class Mail Matter,

gk Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid.

) A DAILY, Per Year
PMMUNDAY, Per Veoar,..............0.:.ccr00ee

WAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year
LY AND SUNDAY, Per Montii..........

(© Postage to foreign countries added.

BE Published by the Sum Printing and Publishing
: elation at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough of

ts

Sf the Agsocidtion, William M. Laifan, 170.Nassou
Mirect; Seoretary of the Association, , Franklin
‘Partictt, 5 Nagsau street.

ni office, 82 Rue Louts ie Grand. The daily and
y editions @re on sale at Kiosque 12, near the
Hotel; Kiosque 77, Boulevard des Capucines,
wo Place de l'Opéra, and Kiosque 19. Boulevard
4 be Italiens, corner Rue Louis le Grand.

ar

 

our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
wish to have rejected articles returned they
in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

Credit Where Credit Is Due.

Berlin newspaper, the Deutsche
Zeitung, gives to President RoosE-
mur the undivided credit for the Cen-

American peace conference and its

pvements. The German journal is
hous full information. The proposal
the conference originated with the
tratiAmerican Ministers in Washing-
i The outline of the project was sub-
ted to the Hon: RoperT Bacon, then
ting Secretary of State. ‘To him per-
ps more than to any other American
cial is due the credit for a movement.
ich gives every promise of being one
‘of the most important of the time. Its
b. tialities for good are almost meas-

cs
cs

ie tape

ee u and the value of Mr. Bacon's

services is beyond estimate.
f We have ‘no wish to take from Mr.
Roosrver one atom of the renown prop-
h due him for his part in the proceed-
ines. Much belongs also to President
| i % and to Ambassador CREEL. But
to all. concerned in the matter
ak es to the Central American Ministers,
a vo, COREA, MEJIA, HERRARTE and
j | ARTH, a large share of the special
' @redit, and to Mr. Bacon another large

work done by these gentlemen in
usting divergent conditions and har-
nizing conflicting views, opinions and
Be rests.

he
e
af
i

| ~ Through it all Mr. Roperr Bacon |

Stood as the “guide, philosopher and
friend.”

; ‘ The Indiana Candidate.

 

|

|
|

|

|

'

adverse
om oF

 

of Water Supply, ite engineers, the in-
terested contractors and their
were examined, with the not unprece-
dented result, as far as the public was
concerned, of piling up a mass of contra-
dictory opinion from experts, in which

highly technical, the emergency was
great, and they were laymen who could
not be expected to show the familiarity
with engineering details of which it iseasy
to ask questions seemingly simple, but
really requiring intricate special knowl-
edge and training for answer.

When the Board of Water Supply was
created it was hoped to carry out the
work of tapping a new watershed with-
out mixing politics in the necessary |
transaction, which involves an expendi-
ture estimated at $160,000,000. To ac-
complish this no term of office was pre- |
scribed for the members of the board
and their salaries were fixed at $12,000 a

year, in the hope of attracting honest and | greater hamper upon the established | should be applied.

competent men to the jobs. It was also

provided that no member should be re- ;

We

*

and nine a6 not individually to cocupy nearty so !
‘much apace as other passengers: that the differ-
onee Between full fare and halftare ip @f such im-
Dertdnee to the parents of many of theve pupils,
that the number who would ride at half the rate
would be nearly if not quite twice as many as at
the regular rate, and that for these and other rea-
sons railway companies would suffer no loss from
casrying the children at half the regular (pre?
Uniess we can say as matter of law that such 4
view would be untenable we cannot hold that the
statute is unconstitutional.”
. The conclusion of the Massachusetts
Supreme Court that the half fare statute
was constitutional has been sustained
by the Supreme Court of the United
States, although on a different ground.
It appears that this statute was in force ,
when the Attleborough Street Railway: |
Company took its charter from the Com- |
monwealth; and it was therefore held
that the railroad company had volun-
tarily accepted as_a condition of going |
into business the requirement that it
should charge school children only half
the regular rates of fare. Mr. Justice
Homes, however, who wrote the opin-
ion of the court, took occasion, speaking ,
for himself alone, to discuss the consti-
tutional validity of the statute apart
from the assumption that the railway
company had accepted its conditions.
“I hesitatingly agree with the State
court,” he says, “that the requirement
may be justified under what is commonly |
J

 

called the police power. * * * Ifthe
Fourteenth Amendment is ngt to be a

practice of the States, in common with
other governments, than I think was

sults in Europe of measures to reduce

| the dangers, including effective precau-

tions for combating unfavorable condi-
tions, regulations for the use of explo-
sives, and the compulsory use of tested
safety lamps. We find at home'that our
dangers are increasing, for we are begin-
ning to work thinner and less regular
seams, and the tendency is to put in leas
timbering, though half of the deaths in
our mines in 1906 were due to the fall-
ing of roofs and coal. The many na-
tionalities employed in our mines is also
an element of danger, for often the
miners cannot understand one another
or speak a word of English. Not a few
of the miners show recklessness that
should be restrained by the most strin-
gent reulations.

The whole subject undoubtedly de-
mands thorough investigation, and any
measures required to make coal mining
as safe in this country as in any other

 

The Georgia liquor dealers are selling

moved “except for incompetency or | intended, they must be allowed a certain | their stock a; ,educed prices. Jugs and

misconduct shown after a hearing upon |
due notice, upon stated charges.” This |
hearing the Mayor is to give next month. |
The result will be awaited with interest,
not only because of the large sum of |
money involved, but also because the |
members of the Board of Water Supply
have excelent reputations as competent,
careful and honest men, which must suf-
fer serious injury if they are removed |
from public office for the reasons set |
forth in the report of the Commissioners |
of Accounts, '
|
The United States Supreme Court on
Half Fares for School Children. ;

Is it within the constitutional power of
a State Legislature to require a street |
railway company in a city to carry school i

 

Sew realine the diffentt and deli. | children at half the fare exacted from ‘

adult passengers?

This question was presented to the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachu-
setts in January, 1905, and was answered
in the affirmative by that tribunal. The
decision was taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States at Washington and

latitude in the minor adjustments of life, ;
even though by their action the burdens |
of a part of the community are some- ;
what increased. The ‘traditions and |
habita of centuries were not intended |
to be overthrown when that amendment
was passed.” '
In the celebrated San Francisco taun- j
dry cases the late ‘bir. Justice FIELD, |
speaking for the Supreme Court of the
United States, dociared that neither the |
Fourteenth Amendment nor any other |
amendment “was designed to interfere
with the power of the State, sometimes
termed its police power, to prescribe
regulations to pfomote the health, peace,
morals, education and good order of the
people.” Referring to this decision Mr.
Justice HOLMES points out that Massa-
chusetta always has recognized educa-
tion as one of the first objects of public
care. He concedes that he might not be
able to justify a statute which conferred |
equal favors upon doctors or upon work- |
ingmen; but he thinks the discrimination
in favor of school children may be main-
tained as a proper exercise of the police

\ an opinion has recently been handed down | of a tax for educational purposes which
jin that court by Mr. Justice HOLMES | is imposed upon corporations exercising

‘

Vice-President FAIRBANKS is a man |

| @f respectable talents and sound legal
training. In his profession and in his
.@onsiderable and useful public service
has been dighjficd and conservative.
the present national temper such qual-
are likely to be valued. Mr. Farr-

KS is not brilliant, it may be, but his

D

Md nds believe he will wear well; and

mote brilliant a candidate is the
he it is to elect him. The history of
| the relations between the Presidents and

|

|

| Massachusetts Legislature. The valid-

Vice-Presidents would make curious |

feading; and in recent years a deprecia-
tory idea has grown up of the Vioe-Presi-
dent as an official powerless and obscure,
% inevitably to the President a me-
‘mento mori. Even Mr. Rooseveur be-

'E Weved that the Vice-Presidential chair

;

> Was too narrow for his greatness and his
Be ambitions.
}  — Mr. Fairpanks, more or less with-
} drawn by his office from the making of
— enmities, is at the same time conspicuous

}

' im the public eye, and able to watch |
. @losely the field of politics, in which he

has labored long. With the great cen-
tral State of Indiana behind him he is
. @ Favorite Son whose fortunes must be
» watched with interest; or, if his strength
im the convention proves unequal to his
~ hopes, he may have no unimportant part
| in the selection of the winner.
h At the same time Mr. FAIRBANKS and
his real friends ought to be warned
> against the danger that even a boom so
» respectable and deserving may be made
) widiculous if the ever ridiculous BEyrR-
| §DGE cannot be prevented from smearing

“labor laws, as he did at Indianapolis
Thursday. Mr. FarrBANKS should be
protected from this impertinence.

r

Be Ny

 

The Water Board.

hers of the Board of Water Supply by
| the Commissioners of Accounts allege
taat J. Epwarp Simmons, CHARLES N.
| @wapwick and CHarues A. Saw were
‘guilty of “incompetency and misconduct
in awarding the contract for the Asho-

‘ could be exercised only so as not to

which contains a very interesting and
important discussion of the constitu-
tionality of such legislation.

The case arose in Attleborough, Mass.,
where a street railway company refused
to sell tickets for the transportation of |
pupils of the public schools at rates not |
exceeding half the regular fare charged |
for the transportation of other passen-
gers. This half fare had been prescribed |
by a statute recently enacted by the

 

ity of this statute was disputed on the |
ground that the corporation could not
comply with the statute without carrying
school children for less than a reasonable
compensation. The regular fare charged
for passengers was five cents; and the
railway company offered to prove that
during the preceding year the actual and
reasonable cost of transportaticn a pas-
senger was 3.86 cents, or 4.10 cents includ-
ing taxes. While the railroad company
did not deny the authority of the Legis-
lature to impose reasonable regulations
as to the rates of fare which it should
charge, it contended that such power

, deprive the corporation of its property

'

|
‘

|

without due process of law; and it there- |
fore asked the trial court to rule that the
statute prescribing half fares for school |
children did result in such a deprivation |
of its property, and was therefore repug- |
nant to the Fifth and Fourteenth amend- |
ments to the Federal Constitution. |

The Massachusetts Supreme Court de- |
clared that it would unhesitatingly pro- |

nounce the law unconstitutional if the |

| with his demand for Federal child | *Mect of the statute were to compel the |

railroad company to conduct its business |
at a loss. It pointed out, however, that |
the statute did not limit the general |
rates of fare, but left the company free |
to charge adult passengers within the |

i , limits of Attleborough six or seven cents |
) ) The charges brovght against the mem- | .

instead of five cents, provided only that |

it did not charge school children more |

than half the general rate. The more |
difficult question was whether there ex- |
isted any constitutional justification for |
a discrimination between pupils of the

public schools and other passengers.

/ kan dam to McArthur Brothers and | «[¢ this were an absolute and arbitrary

» Winston & Co., whose bid was $12,609,755,
' imstead of giving it to the John Peirce

|

selection of a class,” said Chief Justice
KNOWLTON, “independently of good

| Company, which offered to do the work | reasons for making a distinction, the

» for $10,315,350. The board was under
> mo legal obligation to accept the lowest

|

provision would be unconstitutional and
void.” The equal protection of the laws

|» bid, as is usually the case in the letting | guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amend-

_ of contracts for public works.

The law | ment of the Federal Constitution forbids

> under which the additional water supply | any such arbitrary selection; and it can-

is to be obtained says:

“ After the expiration of the time limited in the

| advertisement the said bide or proposals shall be |

| publicly opened by the sald Board of Water Supply,

~ and 18 may select the bid or proponal, the accent

_ ance of which will, in their Judgment, best secure

) the efficient performance of the work, or they may

» eject any or all of such bids.”

». When the bids for the Ashokan dam
i ‘were opened the Peirce company’s pro-
' posal ‘was found to be lower than that
- of any other competitor, and materially

: than the cost of the work to be
> done as that cost was estimated by the
R employed by the board. In-
' vestigation disclosed the fact that the
Peirce company, though thoroughly re-
- gponsible and willing to undertake the

able profit from the contract. There-
upon, and after taking the advice of

veputable and competent engineers, who
againat the acceptance of the
Peirce company’s bid, the Commissioners
assumed the responsibility of rejecting
the lowest proposal and letting the work
to a higher bidder.

The decision of the board caused much

:

*

| '

 
 

not be rendered constitutional by calling
it classification. |

The Massachusetts Supreme Court,
however, was of the opinion that this |
discrimination in favor of the pupils of
the public schoola was not entirely arbi-
trary. rom the earliest times in the his-’
tory of the Commapwealth the education
of children has received the favorable
attention of the Legislature, whose duty
it is, as declared by the State Constitu-
tion itself, to be diligeut in the promo-
tion of education among all the people,
Therefors the enactment of the half fare
statute waa declared to be justified, so
far as it merely gave help to school chil-
dren in connection with their studies.
Furthermore, it was held that the Leg-
islature might well conclude, in view of
the facta relative to the transportation
of school children, that the statutory re-
quirement would not really inflict any
loss upon the street railway companies.
The argument on this branch of the case is
summed up interrogatively ab follows:

“ Was it not possible for legislators to decide that
puplis, In most cases, go to and from the pubile
schools at hours when the cars are not In use by
persons going to and from their work, or by many
persous; that the pupils generally are of such age

 

a public franchise and therefore specially
subject to legislative control.

Mr. Justice HARLAN, the oldest mem-
ber of the court and certainly the equal
of any of his associates in legal ability
and a comprehensive knowledge of con-
stitutional law, agrees with Mr. Justice
Homes that the half fare statute of
Massachusetts is not objectionable,
either on the ground that it denies to
the railway companies the equal protec-
tion of the laws or that it deprives the
corporation of its property without due
process of law. The question is cne of |
general and indeed of nationa! interest,
as such legislation is very common; and
the opinions in this Attleborough case, |
both in the State court and in the Supreme |
Court of the United States, are most |
favorable to its validity.

power, being regarded as in the nature

'
|
'

 

Two Days.

This is Hospital Saturday and to- |
morrow will be Hospital Sunday. On
these days it is the privilege of any '
attendant at a synagogue or church to

‘ cohtribute toward the support of the

Associated Hospitals, which treated |
33,550 free bed patients and 366,431 sur- |
gical and dispensary patients in the last
year. The medium through which this
opportunity is offered is the Hospital
Saturday and Sunday Association. That
association undertakes to make up, in
part, the prospective deficit of $1,350,000
which at the beginning of é¢very year |

| faces the managers of forty-one institu-

tions for the’ treatment of the sick and
injured. ‘
The money collected to-day and to-
morrow will be divided among the hospi-
tals in proportion to the amount they ex-
pend in caring for free patients. Favor- |
itism, sectarian feeling, race prejudice
do not affect its distribution. It is ex-
pended directly and exclusively for the
physical benefit of those who need help.
The contributor to the fund, be his gift
small or great, becomes by the givinga |
benefactor to one or more individuals
among his fellow beings. Through no
other agency can a person do greater
good than through the Hospital Saturday
and Sunday Association. -

Coal Mining Accidents.

 

 

The report just issued by the Geo-
logical Survey in its Bulletin No. 333 on
the causes and prevention of coai mining
accidents is a timely contribution to the
subject. Last year nearly 7,000 men were
killed or injured in our coal mines. In
the first seventeen days of this month
more than 500 lives were lost, and the
death roll of this year is expected to |
exceed that of 1006. In the opinion of the

{ men who wrote this report the appalling |

casualty list is chiefly the result of inade-
quate measures to reduce the dangers.

The report, which is only preliminary,
summarizes the resulta of studies made
this year by five members of the survey
in several States and Territories relative
to the causes and prevention of such acci-
dents. Later bulletins are to be issued
on the same topic.

The writers tell us that it is doubtful
if the natural conditions for getting out
coal with a miaimum amount of danger
are as favorable in any other country as
in the United States. In the leading coal
districts the beds are atill thick, lie in
nearly horizontal positions and provide
almost ideal conditions for mining. Our
mines are not troubled with fire damp to
a greater extent than those of other
countries, and until recently we had an
abundant supply of cheap timber to re-
duce the number of accidents by ade-
quate supports for roofs and sides.

But in spite of these favorable condi-

demijohns are being stored. The Crackers
are preparing for the dry season that begins
Janulry 1. Macon, Savannah and Atlanta
will be pinched by the drought at first. Most
of the rest of the State is dry already.

For the sake of Art even the Prohibition-
iste will not refuse a tear to the Hokeemith
Victory, populariy called the Gal at the
Fountain. A masterpiece to be missed.

Meanwhile, prohibition goes marching
on, conquering and to conquer; and At-
lanta, ever true to the main chance, is boom-
ing herself outrageously as “the largest
prohibition city in the werld.”

WAYS OF EXPRESS COMPANIES.

Prompt and Official Attention Received
by @ne Complaint.

To tae Eprron or Tar Sun Sir: You pub-
lish to-day a latter signed “T. W. W.” on “Ways
of Express Companies.” The writer of the letter
complains of all express companies, saying that
the corporation of which he is president has several
times been subjected to the collection of charges
at both ends, and that it has had diMcuity in get-
ting money refunded which has been Improperly
collected. He aiso complains that C. O. D. col-
lections are held up by express companies and not
promptly returned to thelr owners. If the writer
of the letter has any such complaints against the
United States Express Company and will make
them directly to me they will receive Immediate
attention, and any employee of the company who
may be found to have dishonestly collected any
money from him or held up any money due to him
will be dismissed from the company's service,
The company has strict rules against such dis-
honest practices, and it ts the duty of myself and
the officers of the company to enforce such rules.

Obviously, @ shipper can obtain a more satis-
factory result by making a straightforward com
plaint to the proper officer of the company then
by publishing an anonymous letter containing no
particulars. ~ T. C. Puatr,

President United States Express Company.

New Yora, December ™.

 

To THe Epiron or THe Sux—Sir: On the edt
torial page of Tux Sun of December 24 appears
a letter signed “T. W. W.” under the heading “Ways
of Express Companies” in which the writer com
plained of treatment accomied to him by some
express companies, the names of which were not
mentioned.

We have written to this gentleman asking him If

 

 

|

|
|

te rye

REPLY TO “ADMIRAL” RIXEY.

A Sailer Kxplains Why Hospital Ghips Should
Net Be Commanded by Deotors.
To rae Eprror or Tus Sun—Sir: “Shiver
my timbers,” but this new medical command
idea is about “the last camel”! A pill roller
to command a naval vensel, filed with officers
and enlisted men of the navy, manned by
enlisted men of the navy, and accompanying
® squadron! Shades of ali our naval an-
cestors, from Paul Jones to Sampson, this is
too much!

The late lamenced Commodore Joe Fyffe is
the only fitting person to express adequately
the situation. During the civil war he was
put in command of a nondescript, fearful
specimen of converted marine architecture,
a sidewheel ferryboat; the forerunner of
those “converted gunboats” we “fit” on dur-
ing the Spanish war. The craft being name-
less, Joe was told to christen her, and one
day he steamed proudly through the de-
lighted fleet and past the startled fagship
with “ " in enormous letters on
his starboard paddie box. Turning majesti-
cally* he steamed past again, displaying on
his,port box “Outrageous.” And those words
describe most aptiy the situation which has
led Admiral Brownson to retire from the
Bureau of Navigation. With ail reapect to
Dr. Rixey, 1 must question most strongly
the correctness of his argument, if he is
quoted correctly in this morning's papers.
He says: “Hospital ships as a rule always
have been commanded by medical officers,
with a sailing master and a ¢ivilian crew.”
Army hospital ships, yes, but not naval hos-
pital vessels. How about the British naval
hospital ship and the Russian? Nava! hos-
pital ships are new and there ars not many
mg po outside of our own service. Un-
\ am mistaken J n's vi

ships were SentEten netenteen ene
Transports to carry wounded to the base,

not cruising vessels.

Dr. Rixey quotes the famous Relief. Her
hydrah . doctor - army - quartermaster -
r~ present - sailing - master
was one of the jokes of the Far

uring her progress there. The naval officers
ve the war she wee epmmmeaded’” Thats tales
of her have afforded hilarity to many a ward-

Senior - o!

rote is plausibl h that th hospi
plausible enong at the army hospi-
al ships should have a doctor captain. in

grmy vessels have merchant officers and crews.
hey are not acti under immediate au-
thority afloat. Their orders proceed from
Washington or some general authority ashore
for a fixed purpose or detinite assigned duty.
eir sick and wounded are mere

You could not put enlisted seamen

officers afloat under merchant o rm and
crew. In time of stress, wreck or trouble
the senior line officers could not sit quiescent
under a doctor. Army ships are not in _con-
cert with other vessels under a flag officer,
who m have a responsible and ippotligess
naval officer in control to receive and execute
his orders as to the position gee movements
of the units of his command. Were naval
hospital ships mere carte! ships, carrying sick
to the nearest hospi

agers.
nd naval

tal, a doctor might com-
mand, but they are intended to cruise with
the fleet, a component part of the same, under
the same general conditions as the battle-
ships or cruisers as to coaling, cruising, * =
w

t.

nals, routine, &c., and in constant touc
the authority of the senior cer presen
~ With all due respect to Dr. Stokes, wh

as much suited to command as any tor,
imagine the pious joy of “Bob” Evans if he
the Relief cavorting merrily along

with his aquadron, in but not’ of it, with no
responsible line officer on her on whom he
could rely, or Pay cutee. pour out the vials
of his wrath if she chose to cut up didoes.
Right here it may be said: “But look at the
colliers. They have no line o

merchant crews.” Yes, but they don't have
enlisted men aboard, sick or well, and sick
cers aboard of varying degrees of rank

and temper.

Hospital ships are floating hospitals, says
Dr. Kixey. ey are not. They need a
Setive and directive power; the hospital

joes not, except a fireman or engineer for a
heating plant. a7. are no more floatin,
hospitals than a fleet’s a floating navy yard,
and the discipiine and administration of a
navy yard is as different from that of fleet
or ship as a hospital ship is from a hospital.
gut. Rixey’s principal plea seems te be:
“Because the army does these things we
should.” Why? What precedent is the army
for the navy, any more than the navy is for
the army? Because the navy rows in boats
must the infantry take to the oar and discard
the riffle? And talking about army prece-
dent. there's that case of one Gen. Leonard
Wood, erstwhile doctor. For years the navy
has gently “rub' it in” to the army, sayin
such things could never happen to nava
service. Are they so sure to-day? hen is
this thing to stop? Will Paymaster Small-
stores command the beef boat? It's lucky
we amajgemated tine and engineers, or old
Chief ristpin would howl for the repair
ship, and if we ever get that Ordnance Corps,
Lieutenant-Commander Shrapnel will just
have to the ammunition supply ship.

this company was the one complained of; {f so, 0 | When that all comes to pass the only rest and

be good enough to give us specific information as
to his complaints, and we will undertake to see
than any wrong done him was rectified.
H. S. JULIER,
Vice President and General Manager American
Eapress “Company.
New YORK, December 26.

Curtoas Discovery by an Earnest Reader.

To THe Eprror or Tur Sun— Sir: I am looking
for information as to the reason of your sudden
flop in Presidential candidates and am sure the
motive which caused you to favor Secretary Taft
over Governor Hughes is a good one. In your edi-

, torials of the past year you so often praised Gov-

ernor Hughes and bis fitness for higher office in
such a pointed manner as to leave no apparent doubt
as to your probable selection In the way of candl-
dates, Quotations from the Governor's speeches
printed repeatediy at the head of your editorial
page and many of your editorials led me to believe
Governor Hughes would be your candidate with-
out a question.

Having the lone Republican victory of Gov-
ernor Hughes aad the Democratic tendency of to-
day in mind, it is hardly conceivable how any sane,
posted person could expect Secretary Taft or any
other good man, with the exception of Governor
Hughes. to carry the State of New York. In Gov-
ernor Hughes we have a man who can bring out
the largest vote, not only In this State but in many
other States where the result would otherwise be
in doubt; he has proved that he has no special In-
terests and all would be served allke; he has done
away with the middleman who deals in spoils;
he is conservative, being guided by mature delib-
eration, and this we need to-day, for hasty action
has caused much of our preseutday turmoll. There
are many independents and also Democrats who
would support Governor Hughes, but will not sup-
port any other Republican candidate.

Will you enlighten as to ypur position?

Nw Yor, December 26. ° GARFIELD CARL.

Either Mr. Carl reads THF Sun more care-
fully than we do, or he reads some special
edition of it that is not accessible to us.

 

The Of) Cure for Dyspepsia.

To THE Eprror or THs SUN—Sir; I must answer
“Nervous Dyspeptic’s” ery, The remedy—it cured
me—is Just olive ofl, pure and simple, and the purer
the better. Take a tablespoonful after each meal
at first and then two after a while. If one is over
nice about such things a few drops of lemon juice
on top of the ol] will overcome that oily taste that
is so distasteful to some people. Once a week, too,
a tablespoonful of castor oll (in capsule form if
desirabie) wili work wonders in the way of sooih-
ing, nourishing and rebuilding overworked, weak-
ened and crumbiing nerve tissues, | know whereof
I speak because for nine years I guffered torment
and went to many specialists and even to a sani-
tarlum. The spectalists did me no good, while at
the same time they did me good. An old French
lady advised the use of oll, saying that we Americans
used and ate too little fat and therefore became a
nation of dyspeptios.

Let that be as it may, I followed her advioé, and
with amazing results, for I can now eat, drink and
be merry with the best of them.

Also spend all the time possible outiloors, walk -
ing, breathing deeply, Ifa busy business man, try
ten minutes deep breathing before open window
dally. Breathe deeply, eat slowly, and above all
take olive oll, and “Nervous Dyspeptic” soon (not
meat week) will be a happier man and so much
more content he will not care if he hagn’t any hair
on the top of his head In the place where the wool
ought to grow. OLIvVa,

BROOKLYN, December B.

Is This What Would Happen?
The good vessel Iceberg,
The finest afloat,
Had Admiral Sawbones
Commanding the boat.

While these were his duties,
With many a kick

Great Admiral Bowlines
Looked after the sick.

Though all of the potions
He faithfully tried,

Beneath bis attentions
The sick men all died,

But Uttle It mattered—
Just then with a shock

Great Admiral Sawbones
Ran onto a rock.

j McLaNpBURGH Wilaon,

 

|

 

refuge for the r wd officers that com-
mand such “fleets” will be the classic shades
of St. Elizabeth's Asylum for the Insane, over-
looking the Potomac and the White House.
- UXTON DecaTUl MARLINSPIBE.
New York, December 26.

 

A Precedent From Swampscott.

To rae Eprror or THe Sux—Sir: What's
al, this talk about a doctor not being able
to command a ship? For land sakes! In
the times of the Spanish war did not the
late Col. Armstrong, formeriy an eminent
liveryman in Boston, command a troop of
caveury while fighting the hated Castilian
down near Poampooets? { guess he did.
And didn't he, while leading his warriors
into action down per the soldiers’ monu-
ment—the one which haa the ace of clubs
on one side, you know-—didn’t he, desiring
bie warriors to cease action, didn't he holler
“ hoa! and didn’t they stop quick? I guess

hat more do you want? If liverymen
make good cavalrymen. aye, teaders of cav-
alry in action, why shouldn't a bacteriologist
command a battleship? If you were on a
battleship, for instance, and a germ shouid
come up and bite you in the lee scuppers
I rather think you's wish there Wasa @
bacterinlegist n command—'most always,
pretty likely, as Aunt Mary wouldsay. What
we need, though, is to secure a good ento-
mologist to command the White House.

Farnavurst, Del., December 26. H.

“Admiral” Rixey’s Baptismal Name.

To THs Eprror or THR SUN--Sir; I read your
editorial on the resignation of Rear Admiral Brown-
son with pleasure. Permit me to call your attention
to an inconsequential error: The baptismal name
ot Surgeon’ General Riacy is Presiey, not Preston.

Sr. JOHN Appo,
Army and Navy Register.
New Yor, December 26.

Dangerous America.

To Tae Eprron or Tas Sun-Sir: It seems to
me that our newspapers should devote more atteny
tion to the alarming prevalence of crime through-
out this country, where self-government controls.
Especially in this city is the condition deplorable.
Every daily paper records murders and robberies.
With very few exceptions ft Is unsafe in all streets
after dark. Even in daytime women are attacked,
beaten and robbed. Is It the result of our self-
government and our so-called liberty?

Are conditions here much better than In Russia?
Should not murderers receive some attention as
well as trusts? What is a Government for If not to
afford protection to life, limb and property’

It strikes me that title ls the home of the assassin
and the thief instead of the freeand the brave. Why
not « crusade for the protection of law abiding,
iudustrious people? J. BE. Coutins,
Naw York, December 27.

The Diabelical Conspiracy Against Wootton.

To Tax Eptrorn or Tur Scn—Sir: Your letters
signed C. Wesley Wootton made me laugh.

ilive in Germaatowa. Thore ls ao such man here
as the alleged C. Wesley Wootton, though there !s
a Wesley Memorial M. E. Church.

‘The name sounds smooth and possibie, the vocal
result being a noise similar to the expectoration of
a bit of cheese rind; but, alas, the man Is a myth or
semi-myth, ike Major Maz, Chimmie Fadden,
Sarepartiia Reilly, Fiddies Finklesteln and many
another invented or discovered by Tas Sun.

Horace Traubel is the only simon pure Whitman
son in this region.

“Cc. W. W.” is sfmply known as the “Mrs. Harris

 

 

 

of Germantown.” Cu, CuEnerr.
. PMILADELPBIA, December 26. +
Renaming the Days of the Week.

To Tax Epvrron or Tus Sun— Sir: Don't you
think {ts about time to get a new set of names for
the days of the week, something equally poetic, but
more in the spirit of modern times? I have not yet
evolved a complete list, bus suggest the following
as @ starter:

Monday, Washtag.

Tuesday, Hashtag.

Wednesday, *

‘Thursday, *

Friday, Fishtag.

Hard Times.
Mrs. Knicker—New Year ls coming.
Mrs. Bocker—Well, it ls the only gew thing we
can afford,

”

Hee ; PORNO COUN NE, OE ERNE MEIN SMR ET LN TTT TR NETTIE SPE: ENR AIRE PF m=

_ ee ee ee ees |

 

eee <li ~SSN SS. SD SED
—7—_—_—_—— SS

 

|

“IN GOD WE TRUST.”
A Plea for the Restoration of the

eon American Coin.

To tay Eprror or Tar Sunx- Sir:
me to add a few words in reference

In the first piace he said:

It is a magto which It is Indeed well to have tn-
acribed on our great national monuments, in our
temples of justice, in our legislative hails and in
bulldings such as those at West Point and Annap~
Olis—in short, wherever it .will tend to arouse and
inapire a lofty emotion in those whe look thereon.
But it seems to me eminently unwise to cheapen
such a motto by use on coins, just as it would
be to cheapen it by use on postage stamps or in
advertisements.

If the motto is fitting and inspires emotion
when placed in public buildings of a national
and a State character, is it not equally fitting
and does it not inspire the same emotion when
placed on our coins? Our coins are a medium
of exchange irevery community of the United
States. They represent the fruits of unceas-
ing toil and honest labor; they often bear
witness to our charitable works—in short,
they are so intimately bound up with our
national life that it is highly appropriate that
our faith in God should find expression in the
motto which custom has so wisely placed
upon our gold and silver coins. Ite use on
coins does not cheapen the motto but sol-
emnly testifies through a national instrumen-
tality to the confidence in God of a united
people. As to Mr. Roosevelt's reference to
advertisements, suffice to say the case is not
analogous.

The President also said:

As regards its use on the coinage, we have actual
experience by which to go. In all my life 1 have
mever heard any human being speak reverently of
this motto on the coins or show any signs of its
having appeaied to any high emotion, bur I have
hundreds of tines heard it used as an occasion of
and incitement to the sneering ridicule which it Is
above all things undesirable that so beautiful and
exalted « phrase should excite.

The President then went on to give conerete
examples taken from the period of the free
craze. President Roosevelt has been
uofortunate in his experience. How many of
us have had a similar experience? 1 for one
have never heard the motto on our coinage
ridiculed. There are some people who are
habitually irreverent, but is that any reason
for magnifying their importance into a
class? An irreverent person will sneer at the
first sacred thing he sees or hears, be it a
sermon, & text in a church or a motto on our
coins. The President has fallen into the error
of mistaking the exception for the rule.

As many of the ancient Greek and Roman
coins reflect the customs and faiths of nations
long since extinct, so let our coins testify for
all time to a faith and trust in ahigher power.

Yet Congress put the motto back!

New Yorn, December 26. P. W. 8.

Oliver Cromwoeft’s Body.
From the Lancet, .

“What became of Cromwell?” The question is
a vexed one, According to an ancient tradition
Cromwell's body was conveyed away immediately
after his death, In obedience to his last orders, and
was buried on Naseby Field, “where he had ob-
tained the greatest victory and glory.” Accord-
ing to another account, Mary, Lady Fauconberg,
Cromwell's daughter, was able to convey the body
away from its grave in the Abbey and to have it
buried tn ber husband's house of Newburgh tn
Yorkshire, where the tomb, an impenetrable marble
one, is stil] shown. Another corpse was substi-
tuted for Cromwell's in the Abbey, and it was this
nameless corpse which underwent the indignities
put upon it In January, 1661, when the putative
body was hanged on the gallows at Tyburn, to-
gether with Ireton's and Bradshaw's, while the head
was set up on a pole above Westminster Hall.

‘This head, still transfixed by a spike which was
let through the cranium by means of a specially
drilled hole, is now In the possession of Mr. Horace
Wilkinson of Sevenoaks. It is the head, curiously
enough, of some one whose body has probably
been embalmed, for the top of the skull has been
sawn off in order, presumably, to admit of the
removal of the brains. The body to which this
head belonged was buried under the gallows of
Tyburn, unless, which ts probable, the Faucon
bergs obtained the body there and carried it off.

Death masks of Cromwell might throw some light
on the question of the identity of the head. One
of these was in the Museum of the Royal College
of Surgeons af England a century ago. It ts de
acribed by William Clift as “an undoubted cast of
the face of Olver Cromwell.” It was presumably
a death mask. Another such 1s, according to
Waylen, in the possession of the Rev. Thomas
Cromwell, rector of Michel Dean, Gloucestershire.
It may be mentioned that the measurements of the
Sevenoaks head are sald to correspond with those
of extant likenesses and busts of the Protector.

 

Te Mark Buchanan's Birthplace.
Chambersburg correspondence Philadelphia Record.

The birthplace of Pennsylvania's only President
of the United States, James Buchanan, has been
adequately marked.

President Buchanan was born at Stony Batter,
near the village of Foltz, in Franklin county. Before
the present monument was erected there wi
nothing about the cabin tn which the fifteent!
President first saw the light of day to Indicate that
it had once sheltered the only son of this State who
became the head of the nation.

By the will of President Buchanan's niece, the
late Harriett Johnston Lane of Washington, D. C.,
a sum of money was set aside to erect a marker at
her uncle's birthplace. The marker is pyramidal.
It is 1 feet high and 38 feet square. The body of
the monument is composed of native stone set in
cement. The Inscription plate and seat are made
of best hammered American gray granite. The
plate is 6 by 2% feet and the inscription ts as fol-
lows:

“This monument marks the birthplace of James
Buchanan, fifteenth President of the United States.
Born 28d Apri!, 1701. Died Ist June, 1868,”

The monument stands near the cabin tn which
President Buchanan was born.

 

Story of a Famous Lendon Street.
From the Westminster Gazette.

Downing street, which it ls proposed to take
legislative steps to “stop up and discontinue as a
thoroughfare,” had a fairly long and Interesting
history before \ts official record commences,

ing. a political Vicar of Bray, who was one of Crom-
well's favorite chaplains. and later so ingratiated
himseif with Charles II. that the King heaped sub-

 

 

It owes its name and origin to Sir George :

stantial favors on him, including the gift of a valua-
ble tract of land on which Downing street arose.
Downing bullt “four plain, square brick mansions”
on it with “back fronts” to St. James's Park, “at
for persons of honour and quality, each having a
pleasant prospect, with a terras walk.” In the
eighteenth century the street had degencrated
into shabbiness; most of the dingy buildings were
used as lodging houses, and at the King street
end was a rather low chop house, The Cat and
Bagpipes, patronized by Boswell, while in one of
the houses Sgnollett struggied to earn a living as a
surgeon. It was only io 173%, when Sir Robert
Walpole moved from St. James's Square to the
famous No, 10, that Downing streef first assumed
the oMclal character which has made It the “most
famous street In the world.”

 

‘Silk Hat Better Than Card.
Washington correspondence Chicago News.

When Governor John A. Johnson of Minnesota
was in Washington he ran across J. Adam Hede of
the Minnesota delegation wearing a silk hat.

“I'm going totell on you, Adam, when I get home,”
sald the Governor, who wore an ordinary business
suit. “It will be a hard blow to your constituents
to hear you are wearing high stlk hats and putting
on airs.”

“To tell you the truth, Governor, I have to do it,”
said Rede. “Down here in Washington you can’t
do busineés without one. | tried going around
these departments in a slouch hat for a long time,
When I entered an office I took off my hat and
handed my card to a clerk and got left every time.
Now I hand them this hat and get everything.”

eA eae

An Oregon Sawing Contest.
From the Foastt Journal.

Miss Julia Chapman won a set of silver knives,
forks and spoons In a board sawing contest given
in Stetwer Hall Wednesday evening. She went
through her board before any of her competitors
had got well started,

Up to Date Bible History.
From the London Globe.
An old Dutch Bible found in the Humanadorp

 

district of Cape Colony has a frontispiece depicting

Cain shooting Abvi with « biuaderbuss,

a

Wasuinoron, Dec. ante ee
toms in ofa
the en at national banks and a8

to the manner administering failed

i

i
k

i
|
a

i
ett

i
Seer

5
i

B
&

s

pat
| K
i

Q

E

i

 

manner of paying receivers and o .
ANALYSIS OF ARMY BULLETS.

Found te Contain Antimeny as Did the «

Bullets Fired at Brownsville.
Wasuinoton, Dec. 27.~At thedirection
of Gen. Crozier, ¢hief of the ordnatiow
bureau of the army, several bullets used

in army rifles were analyzed and the dis-

used in the composition of the army bullet.
Some months ago Gen. Crozier testified
before the Senate Committee on Military
Affairs, which is investigating the shoot
ing up of Brownsville, that army bullets
did not. contain any antimony.

At one of the meetings of the
recently a report was presented poowing
the resulta of chemical analyses of two o
the bullets which were dug out of houses
in Browneville after the . The bullets,
it was found, contained a small perocen
of antimony, which was taken as 2:
cation that they were not arm ete.
This fact to show that negro
soldiers were not responsible for the

Shorty after this presented
rly after re was
to the committee Gen. Crozier had a series
of chemical analyses made with a view
to determining whether army bullets
not contain antimony in ite of the
that the specifications for their manu
ture did not mention the use of antimony.
As a result of these experiments it w:
shown that army bullets did contain a
a small percentage of antimony, which
was used without the knowledge of Gen.
Crozier and the army ordnance experts.
The t of the company which
manufactures the major portion of the
bullets used by the army was in -
ton recently, and it is understood that
explained to Gen. Crozier the reason why
the company used a small percentage of
antimony in spite of the fact that the con-
tract specifications made no mention of
its use. The specification, he said, did not
a the use ¢ antimony, and a
ama reentage of it was necessary to
make the bulleta tougher, to give them a
sharper nose and to make them cast better.
The discovery of the presence of a email
rcentage of antimony in the army bul-
lets tends to confirm the belief in miltery
circles that the negro soldiers were re-
——- for the shooting up of Browns-
v le

TROOPS NOT LIKELY TO STAY.
Nevada's Governor Has Taken No Action

Toward Policing Goldfield.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 27, Root
and Secretary Taft had a conference to-day

in regard to the strike situation at Gold-
field, Nev. Secretary Taft also talked
with Senator Newlands of Nevada about.
the withdrawal of troops from Goldfield.
Last week the President ordered the pres.
ent force at Goldfield withdrawn on Decem-

seasion of the Legislature to provide f.
the establishment of a police system for
Goldfield. Gov. Sparks, influential mine
owners and others ve

he force now in Goldfield com
men of the Twenty-second Infan
command of Col. Alfred
Soqretnry of War has al
orders for the withdrawal
on Monda:

eligible for appointment.
The enlisted men are Thomas M. R. Her-

.. Thomas F. MoN
Alfred LP. Sande, Charion P: ;
dr., Charlies W. H&rlow aN
Frank W. Braden, John D. ;
L. Pell, William’ H. Bucker, lary
ages, Marshal G. Randol, Joseph

The eligibles from civil fife or rey
¥. : a nectpe M. Peek, William ;
* J. Goodier, J . ow

J Robert 4, Goodie: Son John'3.
Shs ogee 3 kaha ae
E. Mor P. ;

John - Mort,

Fevers G. T. 3 Webster 7
. Sloan, Freder-

ick Mo Barrows, A H. Brok and Cary L.

 

 

i
.

‘

/

 

i