NEW BOOKS.

* wien Mawkins When He Salted.

Plenty of turbulence, of course, in Mr.
Tinsley Pratt's story of “When Hawkins
Mailed the Sea” (Brentano's). On the
@over of the book we have a great ship sail-
{ng the Spanish Maina promising picture,
the ship excellent and thoroughly Eliza-
bethan, the Spanish Main « handsome

The frontiapiece, too, is
It ia done in colors and
ghows Hawkins'’s men attacked by savages
fm Africa. One of the men is sitting down,
legs loosely extended, his face marked
wy a stupefied look; he may be pitied, for
the savages used poisoned weapons, and
aven the slightly wounded among the Eng-
lish were doomed. Other illustrations show
vatously the young hero of the tale lying
bound upon a dungeon floor, from which
of disadvantage he defies a pair of
masked villains with a lantern and indiffer-
legs; the young hero, with companions,
from the Rose and Crown supper
to repel with articles of furniture an
of assassins; the young hero involved
coils of a monstrous serpent in a
on the border of the Spanish Main,
the scene at the defence of San Juan
lloa, with the feet of a dead man tower-
starkly in one corner.
text bears out fully the strong prom-
the pictures. It may be read here
Master Pike, the bearded mariner,

hie tankard at the head of the inn-

who had sold him flat ale; how the
seaman was mollified by Sir Roger
artful villain, who treated
Sir Roger hated that sailor
renown, Francis Drake; how Ad-
Hawkins and Drake sailed from
how thé Admiral was “a man
and exterior, but as
how the Admiral’s ship
armed with “great guns of brass and
and culverigs, demi-

and sakers, falcons and slings,
bases”; how furthermore, for
190 men who sailed in the
was “stored in the
number of corselets, jacks,
partizans, arquebuses, brown bills
other weapons,” not to speak of fifty-
powder and twenty butts
adok; how the young hero
was knocked on the head twice
departure from Plymouth; how
Finiaterre. “the heavens became
piteh,” “every star was bietted
“anon the thunder began te roll”;
young hero was “laid by the) heels”
“felt sick unto death and suffered tor-
unspeakable” owing to his unac-
atomach; how he went ashore
Verde and was captured by savages;
wae set. to wrestling with a black
jis own age and threw him in Devon-
yle; how friendly hands covertly
flasks of powder into the fire that
have cooked him; how the resulting
pyrotechnics terrified and routed his cap-
after plenty of battle and adven-
ships sailed away from Africa
freighted with matters to be mar-
in the West Indies; how Hawkine
“Stand by to repel boarders!” when
grappled by a Spaniard much larger
maelf; how at a critical juncture in
t a voice cried: “St. George for
England! At them, my lads of
Kill! Kill! Let not a Spaniard
you”; how the voice that had so
“was the cheery voice of Capt.
who had tumbled aboard by the
chains with his handful of a crew”;
when the Spanish main was reached
expedition encountered Spaniards,
serpents, jaguars and alligators;
the Admiral once said while stanching
the blood from a wound in his arm: “Master
Spaniard will think twice ere he again
meddies with John Hawkins”; how, not-
withstanding, Master Spaniard did again |
with J. H. as often as he found |
opportunity; how, nevertheless, the ,

/ expedition, heavy with success, saw Plym- |
outh again at the end of sixteen months,
how Drake slew the wicked Sir Roger Tre-
varthen and married a lovely girl of Devon- |
shire, and how the chief characters in the |

i

tTTETERE

TEE

mn

mM

RYRFSESS
le

i

HG

i

ul

>)

fil

oF

%
!

|

}

i

and must take the consequences if they
meddiled with her sailors.

A tale of an active time,and we see no
weason why the reader should not feel the |
@tir of it.

 

Make Belleve Science.

Modern French writers seem to be de-
of disproving the old saying that
is not clear is not French,” and to

be setting up the once forbidden genre
@unvyeus as the model for serious writing.
is may perhars have as much to do with |
the asserted falling off in the sale of French
books as the queer discovery by some
lists that foreigners will not read
indecency. Many medica) men
have ‘writien antertaining and brilliant
books on mental disturbances, hyp notiam
and kindred subjecta, which were readable
fer laymen, however fanciful the theories
eet forth might seem. It is di‘ficult to dis-
over what contribution to science, beyond
an intricate and involved technical vocabu-
lary in which medical facts are expressed
fn philosophic terms, is contained in Dr.
Joseph Crasset’s “The Semi-insane and
the Semi-imbecile,” translated by Dr.
@mith Ely Jelliffe (Funk and Wagnalls ‘‘om-
pany).

Dr. Grasset’s main discovery seems to be
that previous classifications of mankind
@re erroneous; these are the “two block”

, of the sane and the insane, and the

block” system, by which no definite

, line at any point can be drawn between
these. Dr. Grasset would introduce be-
tween the absolutely sane and the abso-
ately insane a middle class of semi-insane

. That looks well on paper, but as

& admits that there are degrees in this
wentl-insanity and as this is shown by
feppulees to excess in everything that
wankind has cared for the numbers of
abeolutely sane or insane persons must be
gelatively small and the intervening clase,

| @o matter what it is ‘called, must still com-
the masse of humanity. Practically
{ , Grassct’s classification must be very
tauch the same thing as the “one biock”

a

%

i

The volume offers an interesting com-
parison between the old fashioned science
the newer methods. To show the
of the latter Dr. Grasset prints
of Trélat’s classification;

 

 

ais

   

~~ ese sse=~s-seseesse~—e

E
5
ss
:
E
3
=

jusset did die a drunken sot, but to infer
trom that that he was alcoholic at twenty
is ridiculous. Guy de Maupassant died in
a madhouse, so did Schumann, so did
many others; but there are full histories
of sane life in their cases before suffering
or excesses did their work. The account
of Poe's habits has been shown not to be
true, and the same can be said for a great
many noted victims of the monomania of the
specialiats. To foist such loose statements
.on the reader as proof merely discredits
the science that employs such methods.
To the layman it would seem that the
profitable study of the forme of mental
aberration involved in a branch of acience
like this must be limited to the marked
pathological cases that are furnished by
the hospital, the asylum, the jail and the
reports made by physicians of patients
that they have observed. The insanity of
Lady Macbeth or Hamlet or the general
madness of mankind seem to belong rather
to the academic forum.

The Tragedy of a Lonely House.

The veader of Adolf Streckfues’s story
of “The Lonely House,” translated from
the German by Mra. A. L. Wister (J. B.
Lippincott Company), Philadelphia, will
be interested by the preliminary observa-
tions of the Berlin professor regarding his
contemplated visit to southern Ukraine.
Everybody he consulted warned him of
the great dangers of such an expedition
They mentioned bears, wildcats and brig-
ands, and particularly they mentioned the
inhabitants in general, the Slav people,
who were, they said, venomous in their
hatred of Germans. The professor was
disturbed when they told him that if he
was bent upon going he must at least take
along a revolver. In Vienna, on his way,
he bought the revolver. He kept it handy
and proceeded into the dangerous country.
For a quiet gentleman of 60 he felt that
what he was doing was rash, and he was
surprised and relieved on reaching his des-
tination, the town of Lattach, situated in
a deep valley in the midst of the Car-
pathian Mountains, to find himself received
with oordial politeness and friendliness.
Moreover there were no bears, no wild-
cats and no brigands. The Ukraine coun-
try. he speedily learned, had been saddled
with a wholly false reputation, No part
of the Austrian Empire was more thor-
oughly well ordered and peaceful. Never-
theless the professor came to have some
very stirring and diaturbing experiences.

There was a house in the woods near the
town— the house characterized in the title.
The professor came upon this house in the
course of his wanderings in search of rare
botanical and entomological specimens.
He discovered that a murder had just been
committed there. We were going!to say
that it was a murder of mystery. Possibly
the reader will regard it ae such. Our sua-
picion is that he will pick out the murderer
early in the tale, but even if he does we are
pretty well satiafied that he will keep on
reading and that he will find himself strongly
interested. The professor was acredulous
man. it was hard for him not to believe
what was told to him. He was ready to
change his mind for anybody who could
make a speech. A number of the other
people, too, may be said to have been
curiously deficient in their detective quali-
fications. As for the murderer, we could
not help thinking of him as being perpet-
ually at pains to reveal himself. His doings
seemed to us a sort of badge of invitation
and proclamation. At the same time and
for many reasons, a good and readable
story. The experiences of the professor
in the Ukraine country were far from lack-
ing interest. The particular dangers that
he expected did not present themselves,

along ‘e revolver.

A'manach de Gotha for 1908.

Clad in its modern scarlet coat and stout | .
1 | low and drunken parenty, born in the slums

as ever, the “Almanach de Gotha,” the uni-
versal source of information regarding
royalty, the high nobility and officialdom

  

    

 

 

'

“partioularly the earlier ones,” and in
his prefaces Mr. James gives the imprension
that his revision is pretty drastic, much
more than “purging it of crudities.” We
confess that we have been unable to com-
pare the two texts, and that a first reading
leaves no impression of material changes.
If Mr. James has done this, however, and
means to carry the process throughout the
edition, it is to be regretted. He had
many readers for those earlier stories to
whom the “crudities” seemed a merit
and who followed Mr. James with reulc-
tance as hia civilization became compli-
cated and his sentences involved until
they dropped him out of weariness. They
perhaps may represent posterity as much
as Mr. James does in his wathetic judgment
on himeelf. The practice is a pretty bad
one, even if Mr. George Meredith set the
example. It will be interesting, noverthe-
less, to see whether Mr. James will convert
the crudity of Daisy Miller into terms of
his later equipoised vocabulary.

At any rate, those who wish can have
Mr. James's atories now in a uniform edition.
If his prefaces keep up as they have begun
each will be worth as much as the book to
which it is prefixéd. He is undoubtedly a
writer and a novelist of high merit, though
we fear that it ia a pretty limited public that
will agree with the statement of the pros-
pectus: “As a matter of fact, owing to Mr.
James, America holds the world's primacy
in fiction.”

T © 1908 Whiitakers.

How men got along before Whitaker it
is hard to imagine. That repository of com-
pact and precise information concerning
everything that relates to Britain and
the British Empire has been indispensable
to writers and students and business men
from the start. The issue of “Whitaker's
Almanack” for 1908 (Joseph Whitaker,
London) marks the fortieth year of publi-
cation. By the further use of method and
ingenuity space has been gained again for
the insertion of new matter; the tendency
is now to arrange lists alphabetically,
which undoubtedly facilitates reference,
though in some cases we regret the former
chronological order, which gave certain
forms of information at a glance. Brief
articles on new topics of importance appear
in the supplement part, which will be very
helpful to those interested in British political
affairs. All that the old Almanack contained,
with the many changes in details that the
year has brought about, will be found in
the new one, and many new things besides.

The same care and intelligent method
that had been shown in the Almanack were
applied to the production of “Whitaker's
Peerage,” making it at once the most con-
venient and desirable of all such publica-
tions. Being a practical handbook it is
limited to the living, enabling the editors
to avoid the delicate problems of often
mythical descents. For 1908 “Whitaker's
Peerage, Baronetage, Knightage and Com-
panionage,” the full title, which however
awkward is accurately descriptive, ap-
pears for the twelfth time. The interesting
account of the peerage, the orders of knight-
hood, and so forth, is lucid; the list of per-
sons related to the royal family is very
useful, and the newly revised “Historic
Peerage” and “Baronetage” is an admirably
done piece of work of substantial value.
The body of the work contains all needful
details regarding the persons described,
and évery ligt has practical convenience.

A Story of Contrasts.

An English version of slaughter house
horrors is presented by @. Colman under
the title of “The Angel and the Outcast”
(Brentano's); It is realistic and sordid

but he was abundantly justified in bringing { and unpleasantly bloody. [ft holds a strong

plea for the theory that environment is a

|} more potent influence than heredity in

its appearance for the 1th time (Justus |

Perthes, Gotha; Lemcke and Buechner’.

book, but as usual there are countless
alterations in names and figures needed
to bring it up to date.

A noticeable improvement is in the full

‘ historical summaries provided for many

German reigning hous. and some of the
mediatized princes. This does away with
reference to years of the Almanach that
are so far back as not to be included if-most
working sets. The process, we hope, will
be applied yearly as the limits of the volume
permit till the records of all are brought
up to date. There are some additions to
the noble families admitted, mainly Italian.

This year the Almanach has had rather
hard luck in that more royal persons than
usual have chosen to die or to marry in the
late months of the year after the book had
gone to press, but that is an accident that
all yearly books of reference are subject
to. The 1908 Almanach de Gotha is here,
with all its old merits, to take the p lace
of that of 1907 as a dally assistant.

 

Mr. Henry James Collects Himself.

Another elaborate publication has been
undertaken by Charles Scribner's Sons
in the first collected edition of “The Novels
and Tales” of Henry James, in twenty-three
volumes. It is called the New York
edition and is sold only by subscription.
The two volumes before us, “Roderick Hud-
on” and “The American,” are very hand-
some in all typographical requirements,
resembling closely the “Stevenson” and
“Kipling” editions published by the same
house. :

It should be noted that the twenty-three
volumes announced by no means cover
all that Mr. James bas written. The an-
nouncement says that “the set will include
all of the author's fiction that he desires
perpetuated,” but, a» every one knows, Mr,
James has plenty of essays, impressions
of travel and other miscellaneous literature
to hia credit which will be well worth col-
lecting. There is reason to believe, too,
that there are plenty of unpublished letters
in existenoe to supply a voluminous “Cor
reapondence” when the proper time comes.
This edition, therefore, marks only the be-
ginning of a “complete” Henry James.

It derives partioular importance from the
fact that Mr. James writes a special preface
for each volume. These are no perfunctory
introductions; in the two volumes at hand
they are essays, in small print, of sixteen and
nineteen pages respectively. in them Mr.
James seems to be having the time of his
life; he tells how he came to write each book
and what happened to him in body and
mind during the process; he criticises his
handling of the plot and his workmanship
with all the subtlety of mental gymnastics
and all the intricacy of verbal expression
that mark his later style. There can be no
mistake about the date at which these
papers were written. The joy Mr. James
feels in rereading his books of thirty years
ago and the boyish delight he takes in mak-
ing the older James pick out the faults of
the younger James and pat him on the
shoulder when he is good are contagious.
The prefaces are bright and they are cer-
tainly amusing.

In the announcement it is stated that Mr.
dames has “scrupulously” revised the sto~

|

{

the formation of character.
and the Outcast are sisters,

The Angel
children of

of London, where men who kil! and women
who work upon what is killed create a

| society where vice thrives more readily
and purveyor of useful statistics, makes | y ait

then virtue. Yan, the elder sister, grow-
ing up in these surroundings, where all

| is coarse, brutal and cruel, becomes drunken,
| dissolute and depraved.

Lillian, the fair

} hh “hi
eonfusing to those accustomed to use the ; blue eyed baby, adopted by a childless

woman of wealth and reared in the luxury
of upper class social life, becomes gentle
and sweet, if narrow and conventional.
She marries « man of title, has children to

| inherit a noble name and becomes a Lady

’

|

Bountiful of generous charity if of un-
sympathetic nature.

The one absorbing paasion of Jan's un-
happy life is her love for this little sister,
and it must be confessed that this instinct
is worked overtime and intrudes monot-
onously at all crises of the very long
story. Lillian’s husband dies and Lillian
herself becomes unconsciously too deeply
interested in a man whose wife has not yet
been executed by the exigencies of the plot.

Author folk have a fine talent for arrang-
ing and carrying out schedules that would
be worth millions to the railroad people in
avoiding collisions and bringing about
close connections. Jan consequently ar-
rives just at the crucial moment to save
her sister from yielding to the only tempta-
tion she has ever encountered. She also
gives up her life to frighten the horses of
the inconvenient wife and to bring about
her death in order to have the book end
deocorously with Lillian’s second wedding.
There is much brutal and repulsive detail
that can be of no pleasure and will be of no
interest save to the student in sociology
or psychology before the real crux of the
story is reached—that there is a vulnerable
spot in the armor of even the moat virtuous
woman when temptation comes through the
one great love.

Donald G. Mitehelt Compiete.

With the laat three volumes, one of “Eng-
lish Lands, Letters and Kings” and two of
“American Lands and Letters,” the hand-
some edition of “The Works of Donald G.
Mitchell” in fifteen volumes, published by
Charles Scribner's Sons, is completed. They,
with the three that preceded, provide a
pleasant, unstilted account of English and
American literature, that derives its chief
interest from the expression of the author's
estimates of other authors dnd particularly
of his contemporaries. The lasting part, that
to which readers will turn for many years,
are the Ik Marve! books, the first volumes
of the set-—the delightful picture of a lite
and a country that was once general, but
must be hunted up now, and the cheerful
philosophy that helps a man to forget
the rush and bustle around him.

 

Ali About the Maid of Honor.

For the country bred maiden aunt of the
old school who doesn’t smoke cigar-
ettes, play bridge or drink highballs an
eminently suitable gift is Richard 8.
Holmes'’s “The Maid of Honor” (Fleming
H. Revell). It belongs to the deadly dull
homespun stories which are just the thing
to snooze over. In it there are sermons
and conversions, arguments on theology,
rovivals and 6 o'clock prayer meetings and
even the “grand tour” in Europe without
which no modern novel is complete. There
are mighty wrestlings of spirit, hairbreadth
escapes from rynaway horses, a thrilling
deliverance from being lashed upside down
to a telegraph pole to die in a position at
once uncomfortable and undignifiod for a
dominie. There is the “haughty beauty”

;

'
!

 

proudly keeps her secret until
the twenty-fifth chapter.

There is also in this book a Character.
The Character is Scotch with a beautiful
dialect. He is also a wizard with a fly rod
and “vera releegious” as wellas “unco guid.”
His name is David Henderson and when he
dies he leaves the hero a Bible with thau-
sand dollar notes between the pages. If
more Bibles were fitted out that way more
men would “search the Scriptures.” The
haughty heroine uses the word “borous”
for that which wearies her. The word is
new to us, but we think it describes the story
of the pious dominie, the shrewd Scoteh-
man and the haughty Maid of Honor.

Children's Books.

A studied lack of method makes “Dan
Beard’s Animal Book” (Moffat, Yard and
Company) attractive. The whole animal
creation seema to have come under his
observation. He has classified it carefully
enough, but as he chate along, telling one
atory after another, it will be a pretty sharp
boy that deteots that information has been
put into him while he reads. The pictures
help in this, for the funny ones are mingled
with the accurate ones craftily, but with
apparent innocence. Both kinds suit the
text. The breaks in the text by ser sational
headings are not in very good taste

Though there is not much cohesio. in the
incidents narrated in “The Youngsters of
Centerville,” by Etta Anthony Baker \ Henry
Holt and Company), they seem to be taken
from real life and tell about things tha’ boys
and girls take interest in; they are really
separate stories about the same lot of
children. These receive, perhaps, too many
gifts from the afluent, but the author is ».e-
trayed into moralizing only now and then.

The youth of the heroes is all that makes
Mr. Harold Bindloss’s “The Young Traders”
(Frederick A. Stokes Company) a boy's
book. 't is practically a tale of adventure
on the African Weat coast. There is a grim
elision of any softening circumstances
from the hardships they undergo to prove
the value of British tenacity that should
deter others from following their example, ‘
and the final reward of pcste in that fever
stricken country ia not encouraging. There
are good bits of “realistic” writing in Mr.
Bindlose’a book, the Liverpool counting
room, the voyage and some of the African
episodes. Virtue. however, gets more hard
knocks than rewards, which again dis-
finguishes this from boys’ hooks.

The children in “The Next Door More-
lands,” by Emily Westwood Lewia (Little,
Brown and Company) are at first attractive;
even the French bred heroine. They soon
drift into melodramatic sentiment and spoil
the story.

 

 

Other Books

A commentary on the Hymnal of the
Episcopal Church, historical and devotional,
written by the late Rev. Dr. William Budd
Bodine, is published by the John C. Win- |
ston Company, Philadelphia, with the title |
'

|

 

“Some Hymns and Hymn Writers.” Many
of the hymns are given in full; from others
there are liberal quotations. They are
arranged according to authorship; each
great hymn writer has a chapter to himself;
the others are put in groups; the Anglican
authors naturally lead, and there are chap-
ters on American churchmen, American
laymen, Nonconformists and women =|
have written hymns, as well as on the
hymns derived from other languages. In!
each case there is an account of the writer, |
some account of the history of the hymn |
and devotional exhortation suggested by
it. The book makes no pretension to |
original research, but it contains much that |
is of interest to hymnologists and especially j
to Episcopalians.

In “Cities of Italy” (J. M. Dent and Com- '
rany; E. P. Dutton and Company) Mr.
Arthur Symons joins some of the articles
published in his earlier book on cities to
some new impressions. As these papers
deal only with Italy the book is more homo- |
geneous in one sense, though with Mr. |
Symons as the recipient of impressions all
needed coherence was guaranteed. Those |
who enjoy Mr. Symons's writings are well |

| enough acquainted with his idéals and his |

|

 

a EE ET

tastes to be able to guess fairly weli how |
a place will affect him. He is undoubtedly |
sincere in the record he puts down, but

he had eyes generaily for what he wanted |
to see. Venice delighted him, as it has

others, and he writes charmingly about

her; Ravenna was dead, but we fear she

was dead in his mind before he entered

the city; Naples he hated, but he looked

only at the things that were repellant to
him. At any rate he provides here his |
interpretation of the “soul” of a dozen
Italian towns from the first impressions
they made on him.

The first volume of an “Old Spelling
Shakespeare,” edited by Dr. F. J. Furnivall
and the late Mr. W. G. Boswell-Stone, comes |
to us from Chatto and Windus (Duffield |
and Company).
printed small quarto, and the edition w
comprise forty of these. This volufne
contains “Loues Labors Lost,” reprinted |
from the firat edition, the quarto of 1508; |
the variants are at the bottom of the page,
and Dr. Furnivall provides a characteristic
introduction and notes. It is a pity that
no indication of previous publication is
given in any of the volumes of the several
series of the excellent “Shakespeare Li-
brary” to which this belongs. While some
of them are new many are reprinted from
society publications, and the time and place
of first publication is a matter of some im-

|

portance, |
To many persons the dreariest form
|

|

 

history is that of diplomatic intrigue, of
which Ranke is the most. eminent professor.
Whatever the gain in accurate information,
the trouble taken in unravelling a tangled
akein often gives it undue importance and
blinds the investigator sometimes to graver
hietorica! matters. Of this the late Dr.
S. R. Gardiner’s excellent “Spanish Mar-
riage” may serve a8 an example. A speci-
men of very good work in this line is Mr.
F. W. Head’s “The Fallen Stuarts” (The
Cambridge University Press: G. P. Putnam's |
Sons). As a prize aubject the theme was |
one to test historical training thoroughly
and to cail for wide reading. Mr. Head |
ahows how the dethroned Stuarts, from |
James Il. to the Peace of Aix la Chapelle
in 1748, were used es puppets in the game
of European politics. He hos done hi»
work.well, showing clearly how the wires
were pulled. In #0 far hie book ie useful;
if it should expand, as others have, into a
European history explained by the Stuart
intrigues it will be deplorable. The book,
in the nature of things. has a good dea! to
do with the Treaty of Utrecht; one uncon-
sitered fragment of that treaty relating to
the Newfoundland fisheries still has life; |
the rest, the important sections, is as dead |
as the diplomacy that framod it.

It is gratifying to learn from Dr. I. Wood-
bridge Riley’s “American Philosophy”
(Dodd, Mead and Company) that such a |
thing existed before the Revolution, and |
that to explain only the “Early Schools” 590
large octavo pages are needed. The author
has mace a laborious academio investiga- |

 

tion into the study of philosophy at the | Bright st.. Birmingham. England.

various odlieges; he has ferreted out the
philosophic ideas of some theologians, of the

It is an attractive, well } C

 

The small, Paracentric
key of a Yale Lock has an im-
portance all out of proportion
to its size.

Every groove, niche and
irregularity in its surface is
necessary in its work.

Nothing about it is a bluff.
Another key differing from
the true one so slightly as
not to be easily discernible, will
not operate a genuine Yale

You do not need to dissect
a Yale Lock to appreciate the
security it affords. The Yale
key tells the story.

When you ask your dealer
for a Yale Lock, put the em-
phasis on the name.

Se i

THE VALE & TOWNE MFG. CO.
The only makers of genuine Yale Locke.

 

}
scientific men who gathered around Frank-
lin, of individuals like Cadwalader Colden,
Jefferson and Tom Paine. He claasifies
them under modern labels and summarizes
their views in modern technical language, a
somewhat procrustean performance. The
author provides very liberal extracts from
the writings of his philosophers.

The object of W. F. Massey's “Practical
Farming” (The Outing Publishing Com-
pany) is not, as the title seems to imply,
to supply the beginners with information
about the art, but to explain to the real
farmer, in words that he can understand,
the application of the di®eoveries of science
to everyday farming. This it does effec-
tively. The first chapters are of a general
character, but thoroughly clear and read-
able; the later chapters deal with par-
ticular crops. It is a helpful book.

The story of “The King of Rome” ia told
again by Mr. Victor von Kubenyi (The
Knickerbocker Press, New York). The
author adds nothing new to the sum of
information, but he expresses his senti-
ments forcibly regarding the treatment
of the unfortunate young man. The book
is illustrated with many excellent portraits,
including those of the author, of Miss Maude
Adams as “L’Aiglon,” and of Attorney-
General Bonaparte.

Books KRecely ed.

“Marshal Turenne.” (Longmans, Green and
Company.)

“The Sinlessness of Jesus.” Max Meyer. (Eaton
and Mains.)

“The Resurrection of Jesus.”
bach. (Eaton and Mains.)

“The Miracles of Jesus.”
Mains.)

“The Virgin Birth.”
(Eaton and Mains.)

“The Gospel of St. John and the Synoptic Gos-
pels.” Fritz Barth. (Eaton and Mains.)

“New Testament Parallels in Buddhistic Litera
ture.” Karl von Hase, * (Katon and Mains.)

“When Things Were Doing.” C. A. Steere. (Charles
H. Kerr and Company, Chicago.)

“Men Who Sell Things.” Waiter D. Moody.
Cc. MeClurg and Company, Chicago.)

“Holiday Taies.” Edwin Austin Oliver, (Yonkers
Publishing Company, Yonkers, N. Y.)

“Stories of Jewish Home Life.” 8S. MH. Mosenthal.
(The Jewish Publication Society of America, Phila

Eduard Riggen
Karl Beth. (Paton and

Richard H. Grittzmacher.

(A,

deiphia.)

“Jersey Jingles.” Leonard H. Robbins, (The
author, Newark, N. J.)

“Abe Martin's Almanack for 100s." Kin Hub

bard. (The Bobbs Merrtil Company, Indianapolis.)
“The Loom of the Desert.” Idah Meacham Stro-
(The Artemisia Bindery, Los Angeles,

‘The Man of Galilee.” George R. Wendling.

(Olcott Publishing Company, Washington.)
“Prince and Profligate.”
(Samuel French, New Yor.)
“Old Bul.dings of New Yor: City.” (Brentano’s.)

Frank Milton Franklin.

 

New Year's Cards
Calendars ;

|
|
|
New Year's Post Cards.

E. P. Dutton & Co.
31 West 23d Street, N. Y.

   

  
   
         
       
   

Excelsior Liquid
Polish
A Very Superior Article

ING and POLISHING

For
Sterling Silver, Plated Ware,
Plate Glass Windows and Mirrors.
For S:le by ;

JEwis & QoncER,

230 & 1323 West 424 Street,
and 186 West 41st St., New York,

 

matter on what subject; write me sfating books |
See tecieel on mand ine t my stoc x

a ¥
rare poke. BAKER'S GREAT BOOKSHOP, Jobo

S0c,—Maupassant’s short stories, Reynolds's Old
Kok. |

London, Tom Jones, Ve PRATT, 161 6th av.

|
!
|
of 50,000 |

Pfr

SS Sls SS SS

| ribbed, $1.50 a garment.

ae <

; Store Closes at 5:30 P. M.

oem mene sets 6 ce ee ee

By Request of Parents
And School Teachers

Who Desire Their Children to See It
During the Holidays

“Paul Revere’s Ride”

(/ncladihg the most remarkable Motion Picture Ever Produced)

Will Be the Entertainment- Feature

In the AUDITORIUM |
For the Week, Begianing Next Monday Morning

Admittance by Ticket only. Tickets FREE, upon application in the Piano

Store, or by mail. School teachers or Principals can secure tickets for entire
classes Qpon application. Mail requests should state whether Morning or
Afternoon Tickets are desired. 10:30 AY M. and 2 P. M.

The Time to Buy a Year’s Supply of
Men’s Shirts, Collars and Ni; htshirts

Every garment made after the careful Wanamaker specifica-
tions. Good materials, good shapes, full sizes, good sewing, hand-
some laundering. Furnishings ‘that will meet the approval of par-
ticular men; yet at these very low prices:-

Men’s White Madras Shirts Our Famous Six-tor-50c
at $1 Collars

The best white madras shirts that Every popular style is here--wing,
were ever made to sell at $1. Four | standing, lock-front and old-style turn-
styles. Plain negligee, detachable cuffs, | over. terials have been shrunk
or coat style, aitached cuffs. Plaited | before making, and styles and sizesare
bosom, detachable cuffs, or coat atyle, | absolutely correct.
attached cuffs. Sizes 14 to 17-2 Sizes 14 to 18; sold in half-dozen lot
each. Main floor, New Building. only, at six for 50c,

Men’s Whife Plait hirts, ir erence ipwcionmtenacns a
“700 eae And Cutfs—Six Pairs for 75c

Five plaita on each side of bosom; Straight, with round or square cor-
open to waist in front; to be worn | 2¢Fs, and single tab link, with round
with white cuffs. corners. Sizes 10 to 11%3. Sold in half

dozen pair lots of a sige and style only
at 75c.
Economy Basement, Old Buliding.

Men's Domet Nightshirts, 50c

ished. Sizes 14 to 17—-7Oc each.
Economy Basement. Old Bullding.

Men’s Blue Chambray Shirts,

50¢ Of soft, warm domet flannel. Cut
Made of good blue chambray, with | full and ample, and well finished;
plain bosoms, detachable cuffs, or | sizes 15 to 19; each.

plaited bosom, without cuffs.
4 to 17; 50 each.
Economy Basement, Old Building.

Men’s Maslin Nightshirts, 60c |

Of good muslin, with collars or the
convenient surplice neck; plain or with
colored trimming. All sizes to start,
from 16 to 19; 60c each.

Economy Basement, Old Bullding,

Men’s Fancy Madras Shirts,
50c

Neat figures and stripes. Plain or
plaited bosoms, sizes 14 to 17—-80c
each. Economy Basement, Old Building.

Sizes Kconomy Basement, Old Bullding.

Handsomely fin-
|
'
! s .
| Men's White Plaited Shirts,
50¢
Made of excellent muslin, in as-
a “—- "4 ov ta,
three box te, t
| Sizes 14 to —<€<«
Economy Basement, Old Building,

Men's Pajamas $1 a Suit

Of white corded madras, plain white
muslin, and madras in
Tsusho with Inne and beaks

Small, medium and eee.

‘ze sizes.

Economy Basement, .
and Main floor, New Sundaiding

 

Derbies Twain for Well-Dressed Men
THE WANAMAKER CLEAR BEAVER DERBY AT $5

Every manufacturer has tried to equal it. for the price. All
concede it to be THE BEST DERBY EVER SOLD AT $3—in
fact, it is revolutionizing $5 hat standards. It holds its color and

wears indefinitely. A late, smart stvle.

THE WANAMAKER DERBY. AT $3.50

This hat is also upsetting manufacturers’ ideas as to how
—* to get into a hat to sell at $3.50. They are getting quite coeneter & c
he mere matter of the higher hat-hand has started copyiste in abundance We
call this hat the Overcoat Derby, because its lines harmonize so well with the
heavy winter coat. Main Soor, New Building

9 °
Boys’ Clothing at $4.75
This is an excellent offering of Boys’ $6.50 and $7.50 sui 84.
Included are Russian Blouse Suits for 3197 years, Sailor octane =
ears, Norfolk and Double-breasted Jacket Suits for 8 to 16 years.

»loomer trousers. Not in complete size ranges in the various tterns,
plete sizes in the lot. All at 84.75 a suit. Main on. New Building.

 

Men’s Hosiery and Underwear,

Wanamaker stocks of both are notable for completeness and
for responding to the demand of eVery individual preference and
pocket. Now, in the cool, restful after-Christmas quiet, is the time
to take inventory of your perhaps neglected personal needs.

Imported SOCKS
Fast black cotton, medium weight, unbleached soles and feet. 28c .
Fast black cotton, imported, medium weight, 34e pair, 3 pairs _
English cashmere, black or natural, medium or heavy, 50e pair.

’
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS
Merino, medium or heavy, neatly finished, 7c a garment.

Balbriggan, ecru, or merino, natural or white, medium weight arment.
Merino, natural color, medium or heavy, also white, heavy, oo

Main floor, New Building.

t

 

Let Us BOOK Your Christmas Money

For a lasting, profitable, enjoyable way to spend some of your
Christmas money you couldn't find the superior of these

Books in SETS at Special Prices

%% for an 11-volume Set of JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY—usually $13.50.
#12 for a 13-volume Set of NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE—usually $26.

%20 for a 34-volume Set of ALEXANDRE DUMAS~—Marie Antoinette
Edition, usually $50.50.

inane for FAMOUS COMPOSERS and THEIR MUSIC—16 volumes,
us Vv fe
$1.50 or 82 for THE GREAT REPUBLIC, cloth o
os aoeet e or half leather—4 volumes,
#40 for a 42-volume Edition de Luxe Set of BALZAC—originally $1417.
Book Store, Tenth Street, Old Building.

 

Shoes For All Susiaiions

Heavy, comfortable, good-loeking Winter Shoes fo
in all the various styles. . r men, women and children,

Women’s Slippers for New Year parties, in every correct variety, 61.50

to 8D a pair.

Men who appreciate good service at low price will be inte: splead
shoes in the Wanamaker stocks at 63 a pair. The ledgers teehee mapanats
calfskin, black kidskin and t leather, all of excellent quality, well made
are the finer grades in Men's Dress Shoes of

 

for durable service. Then

patent leather, buttoned, laced or in pump style, at $3.00, ®5 and $6.50 a pair.

od det Sane coerce in Women’s Shoes at $3 a pair, and finer varieties at
08 a \.

Men's Shoes, Main floor, New Building. Women's Shoes. Main floor, Old Building.

 

 

Scrap Baskets-A Little Roundup at 35c

hom two mapteet a them, pephtes aren, in various colors,
ces were 4 ‘ *, mow 34c each. No reason for lea
housé without its scrap basket, at this rate. oie New De A .

quero e- ern

JOHN WANAMAKER :

Formerly A. T. Stewart & Co.
Broadway, Fourth Avenue, Eighth to Tenth Street.

- ae aeeee

 

 

ee

 

ee ee ER |

 

with wood bottoms, —

—

ee ee mS OR A A lS

|
}