WHITE

SPORTSMEN'S
ON THE

IBISES START A REVOL!

 

 

Peer Jumps His Pen, Biack Bear Breaks
Mis (hain and Beaver Ducks His Pool
at the Grand @eniral Palace—Boys
Fight Mard for Shooting Championship.

There was trouble at
Show at the Grand Central Palace early
yesterday afternoon and for a time Man-
ager Follette had a very lively time. The
animals and birds got rambuctious and
the éeven white ibises that have attracted
eo much attention siarted the trouble.
These long legged birda, which when rest-
ing stand on one leg for hours at a time,
suddenly flew out of the pool ian which #o
many different specimens of wild fowl
are just now enjoying themselves. They
lighted in different nouks and corners of
the building; one, perching near the band-
stand, watched Conductor Shannon as he
wielded the baton; another went to the
rail of the top gallery. One landed on the
extreme point of the large elk s horns that
decorated the side of the gallery overlook-
ing the lake and another chose the most
inaccessible place of all, stowing himself
away among a cluster of electric lights
right up in the roof.

The flying of these seven white birds
caused quite a flutter of excitement, and
the rest of the wiki fowl grew restive.
While the visitera were watching them
Clem, a black bear that has been brought
from New Brunswick, became excited
and taking a cue from the birds soughi
liberty too
waa fastened to a siaple. The staple broke
and Clem was free. He jumped over the
frail barrier erected to keep visitors from
getting too near and strolled leisurely tow-
ard the entrance to the art gallery. There
ie a sign there which iella what is to be
geen, and thie sign evidently offended
Clem, for he punched his paw through
the sign and then «trolled on and gazed
at the pictures of bears shown in their
native state in the woods, |! may be that
these pictures riled Clem and gave him a
longing for the woods again, for it took
some time for those wiio know the bear to
get him back and quiet him down

Just at that time, too, a deer got the
liberty fever and jumped out of his pen
and was soon strolling about among the
cabins and trees of two big railroad ex-

hibits from Canada, where he was secured. |
Apout 1,000 trout arrived from Long Island |

during the morning and these were trans-
ferred into a pool when th

from his special pool and dis ed down among |

the Osh, scaring them considerably, and
then after be bad carsed trouble there he
got into the pool with the wild fowland
caused more, trouble. Afier a long hunt
Mr. Beaver waa secured again

In the meantime some of the whire ibises

had returned to the water, but one still re- |
A small |

mained among the elec: rie lights
b oy «pied him there as he entered the show
ana exclaimed, “Cee, but they've got birds
everywhere!” Marager Folk said
Was not gong to Lotherabout him, as he
thou ght he would go back when he got
hungry and thirsty, and he thought that
the heat from the lights would soon drive

him down, but the ibis stuck it out all
through the evening.
It was a big day at the show. The at-!

tendance was the largest of tho week and
the management is very much pleased.
Friday is never a food day at shows of this

kind, but yesterday was an exception to |

this rule.

Joe Beauliey, 2 scout and tranper from |
the hunting country in the Provinee of
Quebec, arrived at the show yesterday

morning with a good exh'bit of his year's!

work in the woods. Reaulien is

prohahly

the Sportsmen's |

He tugged at the chain that |

beaver escaped ,

he |

Usted States. The, eqares. ia thie cem-

pet id are: - é a 4d a

» me ‘
cohdntmerta1. fut SCHOOL.

‘7 Outs © Frame Potni

1. J. Martin... ma * ‘ hs on

J. Reiner Aly we 7

BK. Haft... . aN at a

. Stephens a cay

° “ a a

M. F. Hickey aN oe ow

Totals 2m oS] o6n
STUYVERGANT HiGW SCHOO}.

Offhand. —_— Total

S. Wanshansky . oe HS, os

Phillip Jordan “ 14 s4

George Repko a ™ m

| \. Welch af a“ wa

P. De Gartano. .. “a aa om

' ©. Austrain.. «* a we

Totals. 6 “ne ws

PINGRY scRooL.

Ofhond. Prone Total

Ef. KB. Dimock, Jr.. we an wa

Dean Matley Mm at ™

{| Raiph D. Isham " a? on

Curtis Culln a7 12 ”

Milton Friese... Md ” ea

W. Wagstal? Bs] “ “wo

Totals man a “ee

This afternoon St. John's Military School
and the New York Milieary Academy wilt
meet at 3 and 4 o'clock in these two compe-
titions, and this evening at 8 o'clock the
intercollegiate teams will shoot. Hach
college is to be represented by four marks-
men and each will shoot ten shots standing
offhand and ten prone. The prize is @
trophy presented by the Fish and Game
Society of America and is to be held by the
winning college for one year. ‘This trophy
will become the property of the col
winning it three times, not necessarily in
succession.

 

HALPIN SPEAKS UP.

|

| wenager of Olymple Team Replies to
| Critictsm of His Actions.

|

M. P. Halpin, who managed the successful
team of athletes to the Olymple Games at
| Athens last year, has been the subject of a lot
of criticism lately, It was said he was un-
| fitted for the ‘ob though he took the team
| to Athens and brougbt them back adorned
| with the world’s chanpionship and with the
| aii) of about @2.000 aurplus cash after de-
| fraving all tiret elaaa expenses. No specific
| charges were mede against him, but former
| friends of his indulged in a good deal of
j mud flinging when Halpin was selected as
| manager of next year's team to London.
| Martin J. Sheridan was the first man to
4 criticise the manager
j ‘The following members of the team
}
|
|
|
|

speak
in worda of praise of his management,
Lightbody, Moulton, Schick, Danieta,

Schwartz, Forshe., Borneman, Spencer,
Fowler, Kerrigan, Friend, Querouze, Glover
and Mitchel

“Althonah &

| desire “ot to ats

Halpin said yesterday:

hat been my most earnest
ver the venomous attacks
j meade upon me Ly «certain members of the
112 Ainerncan Oivmpic team which went to
Athens it ith the unfairness of my enemies
vnd reqnests of “riends foree me te defend
i myself, but nor to (he end ET intended taking,

 

| because thoee whoriy ask me not to
threan the mstter ou in the papers, but wait
uptit the smeciic «horgea are made, after
' whieh adiudieation ol be made by the com-
maies, One chief reasons for not
| hot ing taken the oetion heretofore was that
» a hae po o®sire te east diseredit upon anv
j etherteam hie vight journey abroad on a
deter eOoun petites opssion
f tfany one .98 a protest or Complaint ro

niake with reapect folly minagement of the
ieam which went to Athens I think it should
be properly addressed to the Olympic com-
nite.
{ ty all likelihooJd the many rabid statements
i made concerning my treatment of certain
jae On that trip emanate from the lrish-
American Athletic Club, wi.eh has not had
) a kinely reeliog for me since | was a factor in
} .he peovesting of Mertin J. Sheridan of that
club fer protessionnalism several years ago.
tam free to confess that I think the bitterness
ther engendered hoa never died out
I think that when thie matter is threshed
ont opefore the Olympic committee = pot
| alone will | be able to make oa tor my
vung harsh treatment of these i
men but will aise be prepared to prov
things to their detriment,”
{ ‘¢hbarles HM. Sherrill was seen in his office
| yesterdays He said that he regretted very
} much to bear that opposition to Mr. Halpin
has arisen and that he was not in a position to
| comment upon the allewed behavior of Halpin
} when manager of the American team that
competed at Athens, becdtise” he was not
| there. He went.on to say: “The best way
| to judge of a man's ability is from what he
has done in the past During the last four

| spe

e many

vears that | was captain of the New York
ctub Mi acted a4 my
end in te tu filled

Hal in ae
position

‘ticetic

tiewrenant Uhvaat

 

one of the best known scouts in the Cana. | te the entire sotiefaction of not omy myself
: aad , as } but alana to the governors of the ctun all (be
dian district. For severa! years he hos! duties which tell to bis lot

acted aa guide to wealthy sportamen from
Boston. New York «nd otber cities. During
the summer he acts o« fish warden ip th
New Brunswick preserves and in the winter
he is vested with the authority of a gome
warden. In his section at the show he ras
an exhibit of hundrede of pelts of able,
fox, black cat. mink, weasel and imusikrate
He telia sume wonderful stories of ovtdon:
life, and as #oon as he has setifed dow: he
will entertain many in bie shack with stories \
of his experiences in the woods

Dr. Robert ‘T. Morris gave a very ipter-
esting lecture in the ofternoon on Hiison

Ray trips which was illustrated by sterenp- |

ticon views. These pictures were taken
by Dr. Morris on his trip made Inst summer
into the Ojibway country. They depict the
life of the Ojibway in his native dietriet
and show his method of fishing and hunting
Several views of streams where Di. Morvis
and his party made good catches were
thrown on the screen” Dr. Morria ia a
fluent talker, and his lecture was liatened to
with interest.

One interesting feature of the show
ia the photographic exhibit of the Explorera
Club, of which Commander R. BK. Peary is
president. This is an organization entirely
distinct from the Arctic Club and wasformod

in October, 1005. Its objects are to
promote exploration in practically the
whole world. Henry ©. Walsh, who was

with Dr. Cook on his Arctic trip in isvé,
is in charge of the exhibit. The photo-
hs include views taken in the Arctic
regions during the last four years, which
show something of the hardships that those
who go on these polar explorations have
to endure.
A very pretty fight has developed in the
rifle ranges in the match for the challenge

cup which representa the individual cham-
— of Greater New York for school-
. &. Ehriich and J. H. Morgan, both

of rris High School, are tied, each having
three perfect scores on their three tickets,
or 180 each, This prize goes to the boy
making the highest score on three tickets,
each ticket representing five shots standing
and five shots prone. Fie next best scores
are)

4, Brynes, Morris High. 49, 50, So
Curtis High, 40, 50, 4148; ©. Hubbard, De Witt
Clinton, 40, 40, 40-147; B. G. Pinkelstein, De Witt
Clinton, 49, 48. 44%- 145; C. Brown, bie Witt Clinton,
49, 47, 46-142; I. J, Martin, Commeretal High,
47, 47, 46-140,

Some good scores were made on the
ranges before the team maiches began,
the t of which was a possible by C. Osder
of the Morris Higp. Five boys made 40s.
These were 8S. W. Gilberg, Commercial
High; A. Garcia, Curtis High; €. Brown,
De Witt Clinton High; C. Hubbard of the
same school and ©. E. Himmock of Pingry
School of Elizabeth. ;

The interschoo! matches were begun on
both the subtarget gun machine and the
rifle ranges. ‘The first two teams to shoot
were Stuyvesant High against Commer-
cial High on the subtarget gun. The Com-
mercial boys ouishot their rivals at every
stage and finished with a score of 277, 20
points ahead of the Siuyvesant boys, who
could make only 257. Each boy fired five

14 A. Garela,

 

4 shots off hand and five shots prone. The
scores were: .
COMMERCIAL HIGH SCHOOL.
Standing. Prone Total
M.C. Hickey...... eat 22 “6
Kh. Haft... a “a
S. W. Gilberg 22 4
J. Reiner... a w
W. Stephens ” a7
1. J. Martin r=} “
Totals. Mi 196 27
GTULVESANT HIGH BCHOOT,
Standing Prone. Totat
S. Wasshanky * a iy
Phillip Jorfan.... v7 17 “4
G o Rapke... 2) 22 an
A. Weich. 2 ” 4
P. De Gastano 2 a“ ah
©. Austrain...... yy 33 16
Totals....... i 127 257

On the rifle ranges in the coniest for
the wchoolboy team match the Commercial
boys again did the best work. In this
contest each boy shoots ten shots stand-
ing and ten shots prone, and the com-
petition is open to teams representing any
public or private school or academy in the

tii demanded oth athletic know!
“ige and exeeutis abi'it he [re quent!s

'
! ork

|

'

} had charge of con idetatte sum of money
|

|

i

'

  

 

 

 

  

to be expended for traveling expenses, &e.,
rod we found Poi net enty mest panei

ous in his accounts bot also econonmicalfin bia
eX perndiinares evhgies 9 ots nel weer aly
syothat when on athtete has been trait

i “worme rem aml hae gor inte good
feondiion thers resus sach # keved up con

t ditidéu of bis nervous system that he becomes
very difeni® to reanage aud very impatient
if imany ay che hed

} A« so result the positien of teanager, cap
tain or trainer ef an ath’ tie tea is very

) far removed fear: = bed ot roses and it tales

the utmost tect to orednee the team in a win
ning condition on the day ef the ganies Mr

| Halpin’s auecess th) that particular at Athens
| is already @ part of athletic history
‘Teo pot find it at all nusual or extraor-
dinary that some ofthe membera of that team
shoud now eriticise him. My only surprise

i is that every member of the team did not co
so. PE wold regard it. as a severe ociticicm of

| his ability as im iki bave haa

|

   
 
 

   

charge of at 1 pone of ? * members
did criticise hin, for it vould « that be
let them do prette much as they pleased
and did not attempt to exercise proper eon
trol,”

HOCKFY.

@rescent A.C. Teen Kasil: Defeats Repre-

sentatives of Columbia.

| The Crescent Athletie “inh hockey team
met the team of Columbia University last
night at hockey tn the St. Nicholas Skating
fink, end although the Creseent team was
lorgely Made up or substitutes end second
team men it had litle difleutty in winning
‘the tinal score woe 1 to 3 In favor of the
Crescents

the three Bloke brothers started in on the
wingiog teats, but in the second half W
Blalie gave place to Karle. ‘Lhe game was
rather unieteresting acd Columobice, albhough
ite players have had low of practice, seemed
to huvea very poor know edger o° the game,
in the firat half the «core was 6*o 1 in favor
of the Creseent team, Shirreff scored twice
and ©'ourke onee before Korachadt made
the goal for Columbia; then Sbirreff scored
two more goals and W. Blake one.

In the second har! VeKenzie
goals for Columbia and the Creseent forwards
added tour more to their «core, Shirref?
played a brilliant game and one woal he
scored alone, carrying it the whole length of
the rink.

 

two golfers started in the annual holiday
week tournament to-day, May for the
trophy offered for the best qualification score
was

fleld witha card of 84;
of Foxhills

fmerson Armatron
finishing second with 86.
stroke away was Douglas (irant of the Bar-
lingame country Club, New Maven, M. J,
Condon of the Wykagy!l Clu making 88 and
iyi .necools Hille
vkageyl tying at

4d. C.
Club and W. K

Parrish, Jr., of the

Golf
Pinkurrst, N.C, Dec, A fleld of Afty-
| Citiett of W

se each. ‘The piay in all divisions:

First Division, President's Cup T.'M, Clagin,
Weston Country, 41, 43-84: FF. Arm . Fos
Hills, 45, 41-46; Douglas (Grant, Barlingame

M. J. Condon,

44, .C. Parrish, J¢,, Shidmecock 1 +, 4) 0;
W. K. Gillett, Wykagyh, 42, 47—a0; 8, ‘Tora,
Pittsburg Country, 44, 46-00; leonard J soil,
Fuclid, 44, 46-90; 0.1L. Recker, Woodland, 45,

K. J. Spaulding, Wauhaushee, Vt., 48, 13-@1;

C. Johnson, Canoe brook, 413, 48-01; 5 4G, .

Ridgewood, N. J-+ fe oo 2 Fr.
. Y., 40,

Manwalamink, N 4:5. 1), c. 4
Oak Hills, N. Y¥., 46, 48-06; Po. Lit %
Georges, Bermuda, % A7—8: &, A.

Country, Mass., 49, 5

Second Dtvison-- Seeretary’s cup 4) M,
Brookline, 0; H, W. Ormabee, Trintty, N. J. 98;
W. A. Kinter, Edgeworth, Pa., 07; R. A, Mami }
Wykagy!, 07; BR. B. Corbin, Colonia, N. J.
Hurd, Pittsburg Country, 0: Chi
Garden City, 100; Robert Hager, Ne

Country. 43, 44-87; \yuagy!, 42,
Co ti ayl, 42,

Moore, Fox Hila. a ©. M, Cohen,
N. Y., 104; Capt. R. 8. Parrott, New Brunawick, 105;
J. N. Hopkins, Belleview, Mass.. 106, 5. McRoberts
Glenview, Itl., 107.

———

Hartford Country . 107; J. EB, Kellogg. Alpine, Mass...
107: A. Longfellow. Nassau, 111; J. MJ F
Hills, 113; M. 1. Pink, St. A . New York,
Le. Rettecss. tletan, i14; ren . ne n,
Ss. Hi ‘Wai Aa; oe Peck:

114; Dr. G. S. Hil,
Mount Everett, Masg., 121; C. W. Honeyman, Rich-
. Brookline, 194;

mond, N. Y., 122; L. ©. Cummin
John Bassett. Moore, N. Y., Bi Chartes Sayles.
South Shore Field, 138; 8. V. Blake, Toronto, 142:
F, WV. Sparks, New York, 142.

 

 

 

 

 

certain | ey cluded.

- @. 4"

JOE WALCOTT COMES BACK TO
BEAT A SECOND RATER.

ete le ee

TALK OF wrens

 

Former Giant Killer, a Shadow of His
Former Seif, Sti! Fighting to Karn a.
Liveliheed—Big Boxing Club to Be |
Formed Heré—Campbell Relnstated. |

With onty a flash of his old form Joe Wal-
cott, once the welterweight champion of the
world, treated George Cole, a second rater,
to a beating in a ait round bout in Phila-
deiphia on Thursday night. Walcott ham-
mered his man at will but was unable to score
a knockout, Ever since Walcott accidentally
shot off a finger several years ago he has
been practically out of the pugilistic game,
but so long as he stays in the ring fight fans
will never forget his remarkable achieve-
ments, Without a superior in the welter-
weight class, Walcott became known as the
Giant Killer, because of hia ability to beat
down pugilists bigger and heavier than bim-
self. His devisive victory over doe Choynaki
and Dan Creedon made him believe that he
could defeat Kid McCoy and even Jim Corbett,
but neither of these noted boxers woul
agree to meet him when he posted a forfeit.
Walcott had numerous sensational battles
vith Mysterious Billy Smith, one of the
roughest men who ever drew on a giove.
but the stocky negro more than beid his own.

Walcott's greatest fight «ns with Nid
lavigne, the | ghiweight charipion, at Mas-
peth a dozen yeara ago, in which Lavigne,
after veceiving ‘errifice punishment, wore the
negro down and came within an ace of putting .
him to sleep in ‘he fifteenth and last round. ;

Walcott made a wonder!) showing In this ,
mill in view of the fact that he went out of
hia class and weakened himeeif in point «?
weight and strength in order to take |avign: ,
on. He made a sn all fortune in the ring, but
blew it all, just ae Dixon, Sullivan, McGovern
and other fighters have done too, so that
even in his old age he is still compelled to
put up his hands with second raters and
mixed ale ,pugilists to earn a tivelihood
At bis best Walcott would have polished off
Joe Thomas, Young Ketchrli, Hugo Kelly
and Bill Papke, all middleweighta who are
before the public just now. He never got a
chance to tackle Tommy Ryan because the
latter was too wise to make a match, Barring
two or three mille, Walcott always fought
on the square, and whenever he appeared
in this city when the Horton law was in
effect he helped to draw big gate receipts

 

 

Ring experts have fieured it all out that
Hugo Kelly will beat Bill Papke at Milwaukee
next Monday night and that Abe Attell will
defeat Owen Moran in the featherweight
championship battle to be decided in Cali
fornia on New Year's Day, but it is conceded
on all sides that both of these contests will
be for blood and will be worth going miles
to see. According to the pugilistic sharps
Kelly and Attell will win chiefly because of
superior science and experience

Plans are urder way for the organization
of a big boxing club in this city patterned
after the National Sporting Club of London
before which Burns and Moir réevently settled

their differences It is said on excellent
authority that many prominent sporting
men and politicians have agreed to sub-

scribe for stock in the New York club and
that enough money will be raised to build
an amphitheatre and clubhouse as large
as the Metropolitan Opera House. It ia
planned to limit the membership to about
4,000 or 4,000 persons, who will be assessed
so much a year to pay for initiation fees and
membership dues. In that way there will
be plenty of money with which to run the
club and bang up purses for pugilist« of all
classes. No admission fee will be charged
at the doors and the general public will be
The promoters of the new club

| have received assurance that if the club is

first |

|
|
|
!
|
|
|
!

|
|
|
|

F. B. McLean, WyKagyi. (01; 3. H. Ma Vrions:
Canada, 102: A.” Miehacl, Woodinnd. sie n
olly wood,

made twot

 

keen, ‘Thomas M. Ciaflin of the Weston | lub. ‘
Country Club, Weston,’ Mags., leading the | Ville American

rd. |

incorporated and run exclusively for the
benefit and entertainment of members there
can be no interference by the polive

Those who have the matter in charge say
that application for membership will be sub
jected to a strict censorship, with the idea
of keeping out an undesirable element. There
is room here for such an organization, as the
average New Yorker i« interested in the
manly art. Several years ago @ similar
club, the Bohemian Sporting Club, was or-

' ganized here, but it did vot live long for the

reason that only a few hundred spectators

SS Ge ele

AUTOMORILAS.

RAPA RALLIES ISIE LDP LOLOL LALO

famous
foreign
automobiles

G

 

HARVARD NOT IN I.C.A.A. U.S.

 

Yale and Princeton Fall to Answer Invita-
tion to Become Members of New Body
Executive Committee Frames Rules

lo Be Presented te the Convention.

The members of the executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Athletic Association
of the United States met yesterday afternoon
in the Murray Hill Hotel and discussed
matters to be put before.the general con-
vention of the association to-day in the same
place. The persons present were Capt.
Palmer E. Pierce, U. 8. A., president; Dr.
Henry L. Williams, University of Minnesota,
vice-president; Prof. Louis Bevier, Jr., Rut-
gers, secretary; Prof. Henry D. Wild, Will-
iame College; Prof. W. 1.. Dudley, Vanderbilt
University; Prof. Clark W. Hetherington,
University of Missouri, and Prof. . E. St.
John, Oberlin College

Che chief matters discussed were summer
baseball, football and basketball. There
was a committee of which Prof. Hetherington
was the head which investigated summer
baseball and made an exhaustive report on
the same. Questions were addressed to
sixty-one colleges on the subject and the
net result seemed to be that summer baseball

mporters’

 

 
 

All the most

|

could be accommodated inthe arena, so that | aourished in about all the sections of this
big fights were run al a heavy Anancial loss tecountry among college men. It in said,
joe Gans, the lightweight champion, has however, that the Southern Intercollegiate
offered to fight Younm hetehell, the well ' Association and the colleges in the State of
hnown welterweight, at 145 pounds, weigh | Omo have the summer baseball problem |
in at % o'clock, while Tommy Ryan, who still j hest under control A reconimendation wil
insists that he is the middleweight) cham be made to the convention of the I. ©. A. A.

pion, says he will tackle Tommy Burns, the
heavyweight champion the money for
such a mill is forthcoming

‘There is every indication that the National
League race next year will be more inter-
esting than for several seasons, Wisle erit-
ics believe that the Chicago Cubs will again
win the pennant, it is conceded that the Pitts-
burgs, Philadelphias, New Yorks, Brook-
Ivns and Bostons have been #0 well bolstered
up that all of them wilt be factors when the
championship race begins. In the American
league it will be a matter of general inter
est to see whether ihe Detroita can repeat their
triumph of last season, as the Chicago While
Sox, the Philadelphias, the Clevelands and
the New Yorks appear to be more danger-
ous than ever. Few of the prophets believe |
that St. Louis, Boston and Washington will
be able to improve their positions of last
veason.

The Boston Americans have begun to get
rid of some of their players. Firat Baseman
tirimshaw, a good sticker, has been released
to the Toronto Kastern League Club as part
of the deal by which Vhe fleet footed Jack
‘VYhoney goes to the Hub, while Right Fielder
Congalton has been turned over to the Co-
lumbus American Association Club in ex-
change for Ouifielder Geasler, Manager
Jim MeGuire has definitely decided to piay
Unglaub at first base with Laporte ac sec-
ond base. Wagner will probably cover
short fleld. When Laporte was drafted
from Buffalo by the New York Americana
he was a second baseman pure and simple.
But Griffith put him on third base, where
he was not at home. In Boston, therefore,
Laporte, who is @ steriing bataman, is ex-
pected to play a far better game at second
base than he did at the third corner at Amer-
ican League Park

The Nationa! Baseball Commission has
just handed down 4 decision by which Pitcher
Campbell, who was blacklisted by the National
Association of Minor leagues not long ago,
is reinstated and awarded to the Cincinnati
George Tebeau, owner of the Louia-
Association Clib, claimed
that the player was still under contract to
him and that Cincinnati could pot secure
a valid transfer of Campbell's release from
the Tri-State League,to which he jumped.
On the other hand Campbell asserted that
Tebeau had not kept his part of the contract
and that he was therefore no longer bound
by its terms when he entered the service
of the Harrisburg management. The com-
mission's ruling is regarded as a direct siap
at the minor leagues, also at Tebeau, who
is generally regarded as a baseball marpiot.

 
 

Col. Bob, the sensational two-year-old
who recently ran three-quarters of a mile
at Arcadia in 1:11 3-5, equalling Koseben’s
world’ record, ran several races at Kmpire
City last summer. He was then regarded
as the bewt of the Western two-year-olds,
but turf experts did not put him in the same
class with the best Eastern youngsters.
Since his arrival at Arcadia, however, Col.
Bob has improved wonderfully, but his fast
time is probably due to the track over which

Old Timer, another Western horse, recently

Third Division--Tyeasurer's cup--F. E. Belden, ;

ran a mile in 1:37 2-5, equalling the world’s
record for a circular track held
Dick Welles and Kiamesha.

Milllards.

Frank W. Boyd, 225, outplayed Charles E.
White, 275,-in their handicap 14 inch balk
line contest at the Knickerbocker Billiard
Academy, Brooklyn, last pight. by « score of
225 to 243.. Boyd made high runs 23 and
20 and avera 4 21-51. White's
were 33 and 20. He averaged 4 30-5i.

jointly by

 

ners

summer baseball be put
under the same control as other college
sports, 80 that principles of the strictest
amateurism may apply.

As regards football there were certain
other developments. ‘the association has
long beer eager to enroll among its members
the colleges which compose the older football
rules committee, outside of the two which
already are members, That is to say, the
association wanted to get in Harvard, Yale,
Cornell, Princeton and the Naval Agedemy.

(. 8. to-day that

| frat defeat.

 

’ ’
Se

ee

AUTOMOBILES.

 

The Paris

Automobile Show

transported to

    
   
      

will speak on “The Function of Athletics in
College and University Life.” Dr. Luther
H. Gulick will talk_on “Amateurism.” Prof.
Paul ©. Phillips of Amherst will apeak on
“Intercollegiate Athletic Schedules.” All
the papers will he followed by discussions.

In the afternoon the committee on cre-
dentials will report. The reading of the
minutes of the last convention will follow
and the committee on nominations will be
appointed. The reports of the representa-
tives of districts, of the basketball committee,
of the committee to secure the poomporeaip
of the larger universities, of the football
rules committee and of the summer baseball
conmunittee then willbe heard) Miscellaneous
business and the election of officers and
committees will end the morng.

it ia expected that the “Big Nine,” as the
Western Conference Intercollegiate Athletic
Association, is called,will jointheI.C. A.A...
S.asabody. At present several of the mem-
vers are in as individual colleges.

QUAKERS GAIN AT . CHESS.

Cornell Leads by Only One Point in Tri-
angular Tourney.

Pennsylvania's chess team in the annual
tournament of the Triangular College Chess
League cut down Cornell's lead to some ex-
tent as the result of the play at the rooms
of the Rice Chess Club yesterday and at the
end of the day's play the Quakers were within
one point of the Ithaca team. W. H. Hughes,
the Pennsylvania State champion, who had
lost to Black of Cornell on the opening day,
made amends by ae one game in the
third round and drawing hi

from the second His teammate, .
Bauder, added haifa point as the result of

 

his game with R. W. Burgess of Brown in
the third round
For Cornell, Roy T. Black won his game

in the third round with MeCoy of Brown,

but lost his adjourned game with Burgess
of Brown. Kk. H. Riedel, who had scored
two pointe for Cornell on Thursday, met

Hughes in the third round and notched his
Three rounds having thus been
completed, the players are left free to devote
their entire attention to-day to the deciding
games of the fourth and final round.

she beat game of the third round was be-
tween Hughes and Riedel, the latter adopt -
ing the French defence, losing after forty

| moves. Hughes won his opponent's hings
' rook’s pawn on the twenty-seventh move
and the exchange three moves later. There-

The University of Chicago and Pennsylvania |

already are members, Yo the end that the
tive colleges might become members a letter
was addressed to their authorities suggesting
that they come in in order that college ath-
leties might benefit and pointing out that any
college although bound by the rules of the
ic. A.A. U.S. might Me written objections
to any of its rules aad might withdraw at
uny time,

it was suggested that if the colleges came
in so that the entire rules committee of four-
teen members could be chosen from its ranks
the tenure of ofttce for members
tiles committee would be three years.
seven members chosen from the association
as al present constituted would be elected at
the meeting in 1907 as follows: Three to be
chosen for a term of three years, two for a
term of two years and two for a term of one
year and that vacancies as they occur to be
Allied for aterm of three years,

The result of the inquiries, it was con-
feased, was not altogether successful. Har-
vard returned a refifsal, dated in November,
on the ground that matters ut the Cambridge
institution were so unsettled that it was hard
to aay what would happen there. Cornell
returned a qualified retusal, pointing out
that the control of athletics at the institution
was #0 curionsly regulated that it would be
hard for the Ithacans to enter into any agree-
ment of the kind. Yale did oot reply, a pro-
cedure which Capt, Pierce ascribes to the
successive absences of Mr. Camp and Prest-
dent Hadley abroad. Princeton's reply did
not arrive, and there is no treason assigned
for that discourtesy,

The Naval Academy is considering be-
coming & member of the association. In
view of the fact that the eventual success
of the [. ©. A. A. 1, 8, depends upon the «x-
tent to which it spreads its influence, it is
regarded as disappointing that the important.
colleges outside of those already members
did not respond more favorably ‘

in the matter of basketball the committee
pes) sen to recommend to the meeting to-day

| hat colleges should confine their schedules
ag far as possible to games with teams from

| educational institutions, In some sections
} where colleges are few and at distances
reatly removed from one another this plan
4 not entirely practicable, and here the

comupittee intends that only teams regularly
registered with the Amateur Athletic Union
shall be met. This is with an idea of regu-
lating the differenees that have, arisen be-
cause of college teams meeting the unreg's-
tered club fives, 7

It is expeeted that at the meeting to-day
there will be representatives of nearly seventy
colleges, which is much larger than heretofore
in the history of this association. The col-
— represented will be: Amherst, Bucknell,
Allegheny, Case, Colgate, Dartmouth, Den-
ison, Dickinson, Franklin and Marshall,
tieorge Washington, Grove City, Haverford,
Kenyon, Lehigh, Miami, New’ York Vni-
versity, Oberlin, Ohio State University, Ohio
| Wesleyan, Ohio University, Pratt, Rochester,
| Rutgers, Seton Hall, Swarthmore, Tufis

Union, University of Chicago, University o
Colorado, University of Missouri, University
of Nebraska, University of North Carolina,
University of Pennsylvania, University of
Texas, University Virginia, University
of West Virginia, University of Vermont,
University of Wooster, Vanderbilt, Washington
and Jefferson, Westminster, Wesleyan, West
Point, Williams and Western University of
Pennsylvania. There will be others not in

the ation who will t cred s.
Th members of the foot ball rules com-
mittee from this association will be chosen
te-day. The morning session will take UR
the read =

|

i of papers. Capt. Pierce
detail the hi yand growth of the associa-
tion. Prof. James F. Kemp of Columbia,

formerly in charge of student activities there,

after Riedel was at his merey. Black again
resorted to the Sicilian defence in his game
with MeCoy, won a pawn in the course of
the middie game manoeuvres and scored
alter twenty-nine moves

Bauder and Burgess played an uneventful
but well contested game at the Vienna open-
ing. which ended ina draw after thirty moves.
tn his adjourned game with Burgess from
the second round Black was minus two pawns

and he had no chance of recovery. The
prown player scored after thirty-seven
moves.

Following are the scores of the plaversa
and colleges after three completed rounds

Colleges. Players. Won. Lost
Cornell... KE. H. Riledel.. 3 !
' RK. 'T. Black 2 7
UlofP.. W. HH. Hughes. Vy Wy
HH. L.. Bauder ik, tly
Brown.... .0. R. MeCoy 2y
K. W. Burgess ty hy
In the final round to-morrow the pairing

of the |
The |

will be as follows: Riedel, Cornell, vs. MeCoy,
Brown: Burgess, Brown, va. Hughes, Penn-
syivania: Biack, Cornell, vs. Bauder, Penn-
syivania

RACING AT NEW ORLEANS.

Odds on Favorites and Outsiders Divide
the Card at (ity Park.

New Orviwana, Dec, 27.-The favorite
players did not fare so well at the City Park
track to-day, as the winning choices were
mostly at odds on. In the first and second

| event rank outsiders were the winners and

the books reaped a harvest. In the fourth
race Louis Cella’s Hyperion II., an odds on

favorite, rolled home the easiest winner of
the afternoon. Lens was another odds on
choice to land @ purse.

Summaries:

First Kace--Five furlongsRural Boy, 106
(J, Hennessy), 15 to 1, won: Risk, 107 (A. Piekens),
4 101, second; Bitter Man, 104 «7, Lee), 15 to 1, third,
‘Time, 1:02. Major Mack, Truce, Needmore, Buck
ing Hoy, Hanridge, Caucus, Stoneman, Firmament,
Czar, Taskmaster and Masson also ran.

Second Race -Sia furlongs Cooney K., 110 (J. W.
Murphy), 12 to t. won: Telescope, 107 (McDaniel).
ét05, second; Robin Hood, 113 ( Notter), 11 to5, third
Time, 1:1445. RKebo, Granada, Caper, Miss Fer
ria, Alencon, No Quarter and Miss Strome also ran.

“Puird Race Seven furlongs--Lens, 105 (Notter),
7 to 10, won; Gild, 103 (McDaniel), 20 to 1, second;
Coltness, 106 (Pickens), 11 to5, third, Time, 1:282 5.
Yaddo, KI Capitan, Karly Hours, You Win, Bright
Boy, Allowmalse, Monere, Moccasin and Woodsaw
also ran.

Fourth Race-One mile and 70

 

ards -Hyperion

It., 108 (McDaniel), 9 to 20, won; ne Oe le, 106
(G. Koerner), 9 to 2, second, or IL., 100 (A. Pick-
ens), 20to1, third. Time, 1:45 4.5, Donna, Bester-

ling and Debar aiso ran.

Fifth Race One mile-—St. Harto, 06 (Molesworth) ,
4 to 5, won; Moscow Helle, 100 (A. Plekens), 60 to 1,
second; Bucket Brigade, 104 (Notter), 14 to 5, third.
Time. 1433-5. Ruddigore, Listerine, Tyrol, Ada O.
Walker, Albert Star, Agnes Dorothea, Floridagien
and Silver Cup also ran.

Siath Race-One mile and a aixteenth—Lady
Vincent, 97 (J. Sumter), 7 to2, won; Clara Huron,
97; (8, Flynn), ® to 2, second; Louise McFarian, 106,
(Minder), 20 tol, third. Time, 1:501-5. Alpen-
marchen, Adesso, Just So.Savoir Faire, Dr. McCarty,
Deimore, Lemon Girl and Cull also ran,

Regarding Yale Football Coaches.

According to report from New Haven,
Tad Jones has been appointed head coach
of the Yale football squad for 1908, and in
oonnection therewith is the annual bit of
information (?) that Vale has departed from

8 adjourned eye '
} I,

|

A

custom in pot having the captain of the eleven |

for head coach the comin Asa
matter of fact there have
coaches at Yale for the last six years who
were not captains than who were. Knox,
head coach this year, was not a captain.
Neither was George Stillman, who was head
coach in 1901, nor Joe Swan, head coach in
1902, nor Foster Rockwell, coach in
1905. George Chadwick, the head coach
in 1903, was captain of the 1002 eleven, but
his case was an ex m to the order of
things that has prevai since 1901,

season.

nm more head |

|

Madison Sq. Garde

under the auspices of the .

Automobile
DEC. 28

JAN. 4

Music by D’Aquin’s Band 4
O Recncccal C Kemarneeac SG) Eecrancnnnad SH) Ket Kalk OM nner} Wen stn  Retaaa ar, 6)

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS |

FOREIGN CAR SHOW READY AT
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN.

Importers Automobile Sajon to Have Inter-
national Flavor With Motor Vehicles
From Austria, England, France, Ger-
many, Haly and Switzerland —Gorsip.

Madison Square Garden was a very busy
place all day yesterday and last night, as the
exhibitora in the Importers Automobile
Salon, which opens there for a week's run
to-night, were engaged in fixing up their
exhibition spaces and bringing cars or ac-
cessories into the big show place. The work
of installing the exhibita had made great
progress last night and ©. K. Mabley, gen-
eral manager of the salon, said that the
show would probably be all ready for in-
spection by noon to-day, though the doors
of the building will not be opened until 8
o'clock to-night. The firat cars to arrive
at the Garden were three Hotchkiss chasses,
three De Diet+*chs, a Pilain and a Deiahaye.

Though the day of startling novelties in
automobile construction have gone by, it ia
certain that a number of improvements on
former models will be shown on the various
Kuropean cars. The show will be an interna-
tional one, ao far as the countries producing |
the cars are concerned, as England, France,
Germany, Italy, Switzerland and Austria |
will be represented among the exhibits. It |
is predicted that the exhibition of coachwork |
will be a notable one, as the imported cara
have always been distinguished by the elabo
rate bodies their importers have placed on ,
the chassea. Practically all of the most
famous Parisian coachmakers will be repre- |
sented by expensive examples of automobile
body work, and a number of the better known
American body builders will also be repre-
sented by diaplays of their own or by bodies
on some of the show cars

Jefferson De Mont Thompson, chairman
of the A. A. A. racing board, said last night
that a meeting of the board would be hela
to-day, during which the applications for
sanctions for the Ormond meet and Briarcliff
trophy stock car race in Westchester county
would be considered

Word comes from Chicago that the Ameri-
can Automobile Association has decided to
abandon any attempt to conduct a stripped |
stock chasses road race in the State of In-
diana. The decision to abandon the project |
was made after the would be promoters had
discovered that the Indiana State Legislature
does not convene this winter, and conse-
auently permission to use the roads of the |
Hoosier State could not be secured. N. H. |
Van Sicklen and Pavid Beecroft, chairman |
and secretary respectively of the A. A. A.
technical board, met several auiomobiie |

   
 
  

Known acces-

body - builders

| twine along with him.

AUTOMOBILES.

RE RE ee ES

‘=

10 EI O0rlI oO r100 aa 0

a

Salon

The best

sories and

 

 

manufacturers recently at Buffalo and anotuer
@et ¥ rules to be used for the government of
stock car contests was drawn up. Accor
ing to the wayne from Chicago the executive
committee of the A. A. A. board of directors
is to meet in New York to-day for the pur-
pose of considering the rules framed up at
the Buffalo conference.

Though bigh officials of the organization
have repeatediy declared that the A. 4. A..
being a governing body, tould not very well
ao into the business of promoting races ove;
which it exercises control, the impression
seems to be gaining ground in Chicago that
the A. A. A. intends to promote a series of
road races at Savannah, Ga., if the leading
automobile manufacturers of this country
desire the events. The proposed course at
Savannah consists of a couple of paraliel
streets four miles long and a mile apart,
which are paved with am and per-
fectly level. If a contest were held there it
could not very well be called a road race,
as the two long streets are perfectly levei
and the turns would be banked ao hich
that the affair would really be more like 1
track race on a big course than a strenuous
road test of the competing machines. Thr
local trade bodies at Savannah are workin

‘d to secure the contest so as to advertise
their city and bring winter visitors to the
interesting old Southern town. The Sa-
vannah Automobile Club, which was admitted
to membership in the A. A. A. this month.
is also interested in the plan to hold a stock
car race at Savannah.

J. Y¥. MeClintock, county
Monroe county, N. Y¥., tells in his annual
report that previous to this year eighty-
seven and three-quarter miles of improved
roads had been constructed in the county
During this year nineteen and three-quarter
miles of improved roads were completed,
thus bringing the total up to 107% miles.
At the present time forty miles of are
being improved. The is which Rave
had « legal number given to them by the
State Engineer's office, assigning them a

 

 

 

engineer of

| plage on the list of roads to be built and for
| Which appropriations have been made, aggre-

gate eighty and one-third miles. The roads
which have been petitioned for by the county
and surveyed but for which plans and esti-
mates have not yet been made number forty-
two and one-half miles. This makes a tota!
of 270 miles in all which has been completed
or for which some greanqgmente have been
made for construction, he total number
of mites of roads in the county is 1,350.

While there was a falling off of about $4,500,.
ooo in the importation of luxuries during
the month of November, the receipts from
automobiles brought into this country
during oe month showed a gain over the
corresponding it ago. e
figures furnish by the Appraiser of t
Port of New York show that in November
16, ninety-eight cars were imported. valu
at 837",752, as compared with 145 cars valu
at $425,135 in November of this year.

One of the inconveniences of the spring
washer, 30 commonly used on automobile
construction, is its short lease of usefuiness-
As the nut is screwed down upon it, it grad
ually loses its elasticity and finally gnaps’
and is then little better than nothing.

ever, no motorist need despair if he has anv

The twine

formed into a loop just amaller Wrens
washer, and (hen the end wrapped over thia
loop, forming a grommet, as the sailors call
it. ; = e in pence. oars w down the nut
und vou have a washer that i
and cannot be broken or _ nets the ant

Add Another Summer
to Your Life by
Spending the Winter

In California

U
So

n Pacifi
ern

The Overland Limited

is an exceptional train, Tunning solid
through Chicago to San Francisco daily.
All the comforts and luxurious appoint.
ments of the best hotels.

For tickets and reservations, call on

A. TENBROECK, Gon.t.
267 Broadway, New a

Dada biainniti a < ipshshath dt aediiaeio at tt cule tn oat eee

 

Ww

paren

i
|

>

ce

%