np ee ere Yee

WILL PAY 3D AVE INTEREST

KUHN, LOEB & CO. Orrer TO
CASH $700,000 IN COUPONS,

Banking House Will Meet the January In-

  

Take Their Chances on a Recovery
—Ne Line Yet on Value of the Bonds.

Kuhn, Loeb & Co., who brought out the
$35,000,000 Third Avenue Railroad Company
first consolidated mortgage bonds, offered
yesterday to pay at face value the interest
uue.on the bonds January 1 next. The
offer was timely in view of the extreme
probability, if not the certainty, that the
interest will be passed by the receivers
of the company. The interest due January
1 is a semi-annual payment at the annual
rate of 4 per cent. and will involve the ex-
penditure of $700,000. In a letter to John
N. Wallace, president of the Central Trust
Company and chairman of the Third Ave-
nue bondholders’ committee, Kuhn, Loeb
& Co. wet forth their reasons as follows:

Dean Sin: It is apparent that the Third
Avenue Railroad Company is likely to de-
fauit in the payment of the interest, due
January | next, upon its first consolidated
mortgage 4 per cent. gold bonds, and that
the bondholders’ committee, of which you
are chairman, will not by that date have com-
pleted its examination of the affairs of the
company, the results of which examination
Must be known before bondholders can form
@n intelligent judgment as to the value of

security and before your committee
cap consider any plan for the rehabilitation
of the Londs. We have accordingly deter-
mined, inasmuch as most of the bonds of the
above issues were placed by ue (at a time
when ‘the bonds were universally considered
to be investments of the highest rank), to
Offer to! purchase at its face value the Janu-
ary 1, 1008, semi-annual interest coupon
from all Londs deposited with your committee
before the first day of March next,

We are making this offer in order that
bondholders may not suffer for lack of op-
portunity for full investigation and in order
that through cur purchase of the January
coupon bondholders may receive their in-
come until the condition ‘of the property is
ascertained by the examination now being
made on behalf of your committee,

We enclose a notice which we propose to
publish if its form is satisfactory to your
ecmmittce. Yours very truly,

KvuayN, Logs & Co.

The bondholders’ committee, aided by
Bowers & Sands, counsel for the com-

mittee, tes endeavored to ascertain the
exact marketable value of the properties
on which the bencs are a lien but has not
bad suffcient time since the date of the
receivership to formulate a rt. In
the market recently the bonds have sold
in the neighborhood of 50, the same rie
at which those of the Underground
ways of London have changed hands at
all recent sales. The -similarity between
“the two cases is accentuated by the fact
that Speyer & Co. offered recently to pay
the coupons due on the London Under-
ground notes, having reason to believe ap-
parently that notehoiders would not other-
wise secure their interests.

At the time of the Speyer offer that firm
was widely aoe on the high
sense of cor nor inpelting it
to pay interest which it was not legally
bound to pay. Subsequently it became
known that the terms of the agreement
between the London Underg-ound ant

er & Co. fully protectes toat firm.

he agreement not only made the interes:
coupons « lien prior to that of the notes
themeseives but guaranteed interes: on
these coupons. Speyer & Co. had as s9cu-
rity for the payment of the coupons a
guarantee of both principal and interest
cuesaaen their coupons, which guarantee took
Precedence of the guarantee on the s»-

rofit snaring notes themasives.

= the offices of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. it was
denied yesterday that that firm had any
similar protection in the matter of the
Third venue Railroad coupons. The
coupons, it-was said, shared equally with |

the bonds and had not the slightest | refer -
ence, express or implied, in the indenture
behind the bonds. This comprehensive
statement was substantiated by a repie-

sentative of the bondholders’ committee..

“The attorneys for. the committee,” this
representative said, “examined this base
of the matter with the utmost care before
the ;roposition was submitted. The at-
torneys find nothing in the entire history
of the case to give ay Loeb & Co. tne
slightest protection for whatever citerence
there may be between the ultimate, value
of the bonds and coupons and their tace
values. In the final adjudication we are
satisfied that the coupons will shar+ in the

assets pro iita, with the bonds hy ae
highly gratified ‘with Kpbn, Lov & Co.'s

Kuhn, Loeb & Co. own very few of the
bonds in question, so that the risk to the
‘firm is not minimized iby the } roposition,
apparent in other offers of this sc1i, that a
banking house as princinal owner of a bond
issue could make such an offer without
ineurring a great deal of expense apait
from bookkeeping.

 

DIVIDENDS PUT OFF,

Six Companics Defer Action: One Makes
a Reduction.

Six industrial aad mining companies
yesterday deferred action on their divi- |
dends and one company made a reduction.

The directors of the Osceola Consoli-
dated Mining Company, which paid $10
in 1006, $6 in January, 1907, and $7 in July,
1907, deferred action yesterday at their
meeting in Boston. This is explained in
part, it is said, by the question of the le-
gality of the present board of directors,
who are holding office through an injunc-
tion restraining the Calumet and Hecla
Company from voting its holdings of Osce-
ola stock.

The directors of the Tonopah Mining
Company, meeting in Philadelphia yes-
terday, deferred action on the usual divi-
dend of twenty-five cents per share of $1 par
value. A circular to stockholders says
that this action was taken on account of
@ floating debt of $578,240 incurred by the
company in the construction of a $1,100,000
power plant. The recent decline in the
price of silver has decreased the qgmpany's
a for the past three months by
),000.

The directors of the Mohawk Mining

ompany have deferred dividend action

n med 1907, $4 per share was declared,
a July $5 was declared.

> directors of the Chicago Pneimatic

Tool Company yesterday deferred action

on the dividend. The company has been

4per cent. annually

the directors of the Trogecie lron Com-

y, which has been paying dividends at

he rate of 12 per cent. annually, met in

Chicago yesterday and deferred action
on the semi-annual dividend.

The directors of the United States Smeit-
ing and Kefining Company met in Boston

yesterday and decla a dividend of fifty
cents a share on the common stock, as

with 874 cents declared in ‘Oc-
tober. The usual dividend of 874
es the preferred stock was declar
dividend on the preferred stock of
the Vulcan Detinning Company was de-
Yerred by the directors yesterday. The
stock is entitled to7 per cent. cumulative
dividends, but has been paving at the rate
of only 5 per cent. annual

FINA NCI AL NOTES,

Choate & Prentice, who recently
1c ae, with the Alabama Great Southern
afiroad | to finance the extension of its
6 per cent. bonds, report that
tees 75 per cent. of the holders of the old
have accepted the extended 5 per cent
in sponses. They are now asking
202 and interest for the balance of this fous.
_.. Coupon 12, due January 2, 1908, from ee |
(fi mortgage refunding and terminal 5
cent. bonds of the Gulf and Ship Island |
Fatiroaa, and coupon 5, due January 2, 1908,
he first mortgage 5 per cent. ‘bonds

hae Velephone Company of
mes be he ps | at maturity at the
inson, 36 Cedar street,

tereat on the Bonds They Floated and,

|
|
i
'
{
j

|

 

|
|

(2 ee

GOSSIP OF THE STREET.

Ta the first hour yesterday the bears vigor- |
ously attacked the market, but failed to
break it. Try as they would they could not
drive prices more than a small fraction under
the low of the previous day, and had it been
real purpose to give a demonstration
of the inherent strength of the market they
could not have selected a better way to do it.

 

   

| They showed that prices had reached the

|
level where buyers could be found for all |
offerings and in this accomplished their own
undoing. Some of them, warned by what
they had discovered, proceeded to cover their
shorts and thus contributed to the rally
which proved so discomfiting to their former
associates on the short side.

One of the most influential factors on the
side of advance in the market was the easier
money conditions, call loans being renewed
at 13 per cent., as compared with 18 per cent.
on Thuraday, the rate at no time rising as
high as the highest of that day. Commission
houses were encouraged over the reappear-
ance of the regular money lenders who visited
their offices to submit offerings of time funda,
for while the rate was high it was regarded
as a good sign that the lender had begun to
seek the borrower instead of the latter being
obliged to seek—and generally to vainly seek

the former. It was everywhere hoped that
the reopening of the Hamilton Bank would
prove helpful toward the restoration of con-
fidence in the banking situation, and the fact
that withdrawals from the savings banks were
light so far strongly encouraged the belief
that next month, when most of the notices of
withdrawals mature, the drain would prove
much smaller than had before been appre-
hended. The Bank of England made a very
strong showing for Christmas week, but did
not change its rate.

It is not often that the stock market takes
encouragement from any action of organized
labor and when this occurs note may well
be made of it. It happened yesterday, and
the fact marks the first symptom of return-
ing sanity where no such favorable develop-
ment could have been looked for a few weeks
ago. ‘The occurrence which possessed this
highly important significance was the re-
cording of a vote, practically unanimously,
by the members of the Order of Railroad
Conductors and of the Brotherhood of Rail-
road Trainmen in the Pittsburg district
against the demand for higher wages, which
is said to have found favor elaewhere among
employees of railroads east of the Missouri
River. When later on the roads propose
a reduction of wages they may find a large
percentage of their organized employees
ready to accept the inevitable in a proper
spirit.

eee eee

Pennsylvania was the stock which the
bears most heavily kelabored in the first
hour, but for all the pounding and hammer-
ing the price fell only an eighth of a point
below the low level of the preceding day.
Quite a heavy demand appeared at the low
level, and while a good part of this undoubt-
edly came from shorts the stock did not es-
cape the attention of the bargain hunters,
who had observed its relative ecarcity and
understood the significance of the scantiness
of the foating supply. There were rumors
that the company would be obliged to raise
$50,000,000 in 1998, and while, of course, nothing
definite could be obtained as to the time or
manner of the company’s financing it was
admitted in good quarters that should money

market conditions permit the road would
probably issue new securities some time in
the next year

Northern Pacific, which had been con-

spicnously firm for some days past, became
the strongest feature of the railroad tliat,
advancing three points on buying that ap-
peared to be of very good quality. The
strength of the stock brought a revival of
the rumor of a large cash distribution as an
outcome of the proposed sale of the road's
equity in the Burlington to Gireat Northern,
but nothing of an authoritative nature re-
gaugding this subject was heard in any quar-
ter. In the early dealings Creat Northern
was very weak by contrast with Northern
Pacific, but afterward rallied in’ sympathy
with the latter stock and on the covering of
shorts.

On the advance in Reading a strong tech-
nical position was disclosed, bear stop loss
orders -the execution of which added to the
rapidity of the rise--being met with all the
way up. There appeared to be little real
stock for sale and if the heavy transactions
around the present level a week ugo repre-
sented diatribution of large holdings it will
have to be conceded that what was anid waa |
very well taken As far as yesterday's trans-
avtiona went they did not ind eate anything
more than purely professional operations |
and a large part of the buying represented
the uneasiness of the short interest, which
had become alarmed over the prospect for
fasy money presented in the comparatively
; low renewal rate for call loans. Their flight
accelerated by judicious manipulation con-
ducted by speculative interests working on
the long sid* sufflceed, in a stock as closely
held as Reading, to make a movement that
in extent and rapidity had few equals in the
market

a rr eS ES Se 2 GS ct EE ene ae

lt may have been
but the traders thought

merely
it

a coincidence,
significant that

| the stocks that are supposed to most clearly

reflect the position of Standard Oi) interests

in the market St. Paul and Amalgamated
Copper were among the most prominent
leaders of the advance. On neither was

there any real news, but the action of Ama!-

gamated Copper encouraged a more hope-
ful feeling in regard to the dividend outlook.

Action will be taken on the Anaconda divi-

| evi im the near future, but it is contended
that the rate of disbursement on this stock
will not be a safe guide to the size of the
distribution on the stock of the parent com-
pany for the reason that the Anaconda mines
being now closed down Amalgamated wil!
shape its dividends more in accordance with
its receipts from Boston and Montana than
with those from the older property.

Refining completely recovered the loss it
had sustained since the beginning of the
week. The stock retained its strength to the
end of the session, the final quotation being
at an advance of fully four points from the
lowest of the preceding day. The extent
to which brokers who had been sellers on
Thursday became buyers on the advance
made clear what was the nature of their
operations, and considering the prices at
which they had been sellers and those at
which they became buyers there was little
room for doubt that their experience in the
stock had been rather expensive

Northern Ore Certificates opened
at 47, the initial transaction embracing only
100) «6shares, The second transaction was
only of similar size but carried the quotation |
up a full point. On 100 share transactions
the price next went by leaps of half a point
at a time to 50 and finally closed the day at
51, showing a net advance of 3°; points, the
largest gain scored by any active issue.

Great

 

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
4
)

LIBERTY BANK PROSPERS.

Adds an Extra Dividend of & Per Cent. to :
its Quarterly Dividend of &.

A regular quarterly dividend of 5 per
cent. and an extra dividend of 5 per cent.
were declared by the directors of the
Liberty National Bank yesterday. With
these dividends the total distribution for
the year is 25 per cent., or an aggregate of
$250,000 on the $1,000,000 capital atock. |

The declaration of the dividends marked |
approximately.the close of the first year |
of the institution since the Mercantile
Nationa! was acquired by the Heinze-
Morse Thomas contingent and F. Augustus
Heinze became president of the Mercantile |
in place of Frederick B. Schenck. who
became president of the Liberty and took |
James V. f vott, cashier of the Mercantile, |
to the Liberty with him. \

The fast report of the Comptroller of the |

ta |

 

Curseney, showed a heavy gain in
| of the liberty, and the declaration of the |
| extra divi is further proof that the |

esoerey which is situated close to the Mer-
cantile, profited largely from Mr.
Heinze’s ae career, as well C3 from |
the efficiency of ita own officers and direc-
tors.

| ter ed accountants,

BON DHOLDERY "COMMITTEE 10
FORMULATE A PLAN.

 

The Steamship Men Whe Toek ak the
Subsidiary Lines Have Arranged to Pay
the Interest om the Bonds, but Will
Declare No Dividends at Present.

A frotective committee representing
holders of the 4 per cent. collateral trust
bonds of the Consolidate’ Steamship Lines
has been formed to reorganize the com-
pany in anticipation of the default in pay-
ment of the January coupon. The support
of Charles W. Morse, who until recently
was in complete control of the company,
has not been specifically obtained, but it
is understood that his holdings of the bonds
and those of his associates, F. A. Heinze,
E. R. Thomas and 0. F, Thomas, are de-
posited with banking institutions who are
willing to redeposit them, under a trust
agreement, with the Equitable Trust Com-
pany of New York and the Old Colony Trust
Company of Boston, which are named by
the committee as the depositaries.

In addition the steamship men who took
over again the management of the com-
panies comprising the Consolidated Lines
after the elimination of Mr. Morse are
understood to be willing to support any
reasonable reorganization plan. Their
primary object in taking over the manage-
ment of the subsidiaries was to save them
from financial wreck. They were the men
from whom Mr. Morse originally acquired
control and were in a position to obtain the
neceasary working funds when Mr. Morse
could not do #0,

Kingsbury Curtis, counsel for these men,
said yesterday that their purpose had been
accomplished. The January interest on
the obligations of all the subsidiary com-
panies would be met promptly, he said, and
provision had been made for the February
interest. Dividends would not be paid
under the present financial couaen, Se he
said, although in some cases they had been
earned. This necessarily precludes the

yment of interest on the collateral trust
Ponds of the holding company, as its only
source of revenue is from dividends from
the stock of subsidiaries which are pledged
as collateral for the bonds. The July inter-
est on the bonds, the first interest to fall

due, was paid.
The steamship men in question are H. P.

i i diamante epialinaeataiegeniatiniinmmmeiiennamdiaae _—_—-_ =

aa who formerly controlled and man- |

4d the New York and Cuba Mail Steam-
a ip Company (the Ward Line); H. R.
lory, formerly at the head of the Mallory
Line; ‘ha Raymond of the ¢ if vte Line;
Calvin ‘want vf the Metropolitan and
Enetern lines, and F. J. Berwind of the
New York and Porto Rico Steamship Com-
mT
; i he protective committee is composed

of the following men: Alvin W. Krech,
president of the lquitable frast Com-
chairman; Wittiam

yany of New’ York,
rr Cobb, Governor of Maine: Meory Horn-
blower, of Hornblower & Weeks, ‘Villiam
H. Granbery of William H. Granbery & Co.,
and Galen L. Stone of Hayden, Stone & Co.

The following statement was mace public
in their behalf:

As a result of the recent financial troubles
Mr. Morse severed his connection with the
Consolidated company.

It is the intention of the bondholders’ com-
mittee to prepare and submit a reorganiza-
tion plan to the bondholders as soon as the
resourees and financial condition of the
several companies are definitely ascertained,
thus avoiding the expenses and delays of
suits or legal complications and the conee-
quent possible disintegration of the proper-
ties controlled by the Consolidated Steamship
Lines,

Mr. Krech was very positive yesterday
about the intention of the committee to
keep the Consolidated Steamship Lines in-
tact. There was no intention, he said,
of disposing of the company to any out-
side interests, and he denied the reports
of negotiations for their sale to the In-
ternational Mercantile Marine Company or
to the New York, New Hoven and Hartford
Railroad Company, of which the Consoli-
dated is a formidable rival.

The deposit agreement has been pre-
pared and a cal! for the deposit of the bonds
will be issued Monday. The committee wi!)
be aided by Gunn, Richards & Co., char-
in its investigation of
the company's financial status

MAY SELL MO. PAC. BONDS.

Question Whether They Are Now Good
Savings Bank Investment.

The declaration of the regular 5 per
cent. cividend on the Missouri Pacific
stock in scrip instead of in cas) raises a
quesiion es to the continued legality of
certain classes of the company's bonds
ae an investment for savings banks of this
State. The question, however, is tech- |
nical rather than practical, es the bonds
have become legal for savings banks only

i ee -

'
'
j
|
!
{

|
|

within the present year and it is learned I

on good authority that the banks have |
availed themselves of the privilege of
buying these bonds for investment to
an extent not exceeding $200,000, although
the legal issue aggregates about $25,000,000.

‘The State banking law requires that for
the bond of a railroad to be a legal savings
bank investment the railroad must regu-
larly have paid in dividends to stockholders
during each of the preceding five years
an amount at least equal to 4 per cent.
upon all its outstanding capital stock.
The Missouri Pacific has been paying 5

per cent. since 12 and some of its bonds
became legal investments this On
the basis of a stock value of 47 the 2'4 per

cent. dividend declared Thursday | in scrip
has a market value of only about $1.18,
which brings the annual rate considerably
below the required 4 per cent.

Action on this condition of affairs, it is
said, reste with State Superintendent Clark
Williams. Some authorities consider that
he may ee the banks who hold the
bonds to dispose of them within such a
period as he may decide, and in anticipation
of such action at least one of the savings
banks sold a block yesterday.

 

NoT

 

 

Ee

TO BUY GREAT WESTERN, :

Denials of Current Rumor by ¢. P. KR.

GMctals— Note Refunding.

A. BP. Stickney, president of the Chicago
Great Western, and ©. A. Severance of
counsel for the road, depart for Europe
to-day to consult with the Furopean
finance committee in regard to plana for
refunding approximately $4,500,000 cf notes
maturing in 1908 and 1909 and other fi-
nancial matters. Mr. Stickney said yester-
- that there was nothing imminent in

d to Gesoting which needed attention.

le expected, he said, to return in three
woule. He denied a report that his trip
was in any way connected with a p
sition, said to have been under discussion
recently, for the acquisition of the Chicago
Great Western by the Canadian Pacific.

MONTREAL, Dec. 27.--The story that the
Canadian Pacific Railway is obtaining con-
trol of the Chicago and Great Western is
Gentes as not containing an iota of truth

General Manager and Vice-President
MoNichol of the Canadian Pacific Railway.

Smelting Co. Dividend Cut to 1 Per Cent

Boston, Dec. 27.—-The directors of the
United States Smelting, Refining and Min-
ing Company to-day declared a quarterly
dividend of 1 per cent, or 50 cents a share.
Three months ago 1% per cent. or 87'4 cents
a share was deciared. Common stock
dividends were inaugurated with a payment
of 1% per cent. a share on April 15, 1907.
‘The usual quarterly dividend of 14 per
cent. was declared on the preferred stock.

| Switch and Signal Co. Pressed With Orders.

PrrrssurRG, Dec. 27.--The Union Switch
and Signal Company, a Westinghouse con-
cern, owing to press of orders, has cut rey air
time one week. Operations will be started
Jan 2 inatead of January 4. The com-
pany employs 2,000 men.

 

a. i. ana anne eS ge eee ene =
ee 309 z

3 erving: de

THE CANADA SOUTHERN RAILWAY |

 

Grand Central Station, New York, Nev, 22, 1907.
NOTICE. :

Pursuant to an agreement between the Michigan Central Railroad Company and this Company.

entered into by authority of the Boards of [rectors Companies, the First Mortgage Five Per Cent.

Bonds of this Company. amounting to $14,000,000, which fall due January 1st, 1908, will be extended for

five years, until January ist, 1013, with interest at the rate of Six per cent. per annum, which the Michigan

Central Railroad Company will pay, in gold. or its equivaient, gemi-anaually on the first days of July and

January in each year, at the ofhce or agency ef the Company in the City of New York; the lien of the

mortgage securing the said bonds to coatiaue unimpaired for the sald period of five years. Bondholders

wishing to avail themselves of the privilege of extension shall deposit their bonds before abou of Satur-

day, December. 21st, 1607, with Messrs. J. P. Morgen. Company, New York, who will therefor

temporary receipts, and by whom the bondae will subsequently be returned to the owners bearing @ cer-

tUAcate of extension and coupons for the interest to be paid thereon. At the time of deposit of bonds
Messrs. J. P, Morgan & Company will pay the coupons due January ist. 1908, ’

THE CANADA SOUTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY.
By H. B. LEDYARD, Vice-President.

 

In accordance with the agreement above referred to, the Michigan Central Railroad Company will
pay interest, in gold or its equivatent, at the rate of Six per cent. per annum, semi-annually on the fire*
@éys of July and January in cach yoar, between January 16%, 1005, and January ist, 1918, upon Firet Mort-
gage Five Per Cont. Bonds of the Canada Southern Railway Company, &mounting to $14,000,000, which
will mature January Mt, 1008, the owners of which shall have accepted the extension for the sajd period
offered above by the Canada Southern Raliway Company.

MICHIGAN CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY.
By W. H. NEWMAN, President.

 

° NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 22D, 100%.
REFERRING .TO THE ABOVE NOTICE, WE ARE READY TO RECEIVE FOR EXTENSION, AT
OUR OFFICE, ANY.OF THE CANADA SOUTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY'S FIRST MORTGAGE FIVE
PER CENT. BONDS MATURING JANUARY 1ST, 1908, AND TO PAY THE COUPON UPON SUCH BONDS
FALLING DYE AT THAT DATE. DEPOSITING HOLDERS WILL RECEIVE OUR RECEIPTS EX-
CHANGEABLE FOR EXTENDED BONDS AS SOON AS THE EXTENSION CONTRACT AND COUPONS
ARE COMPLETED AND ATTACHED THERETO.
WE REQUEST HOLDERS OF BONDS NOT TO STAMP, ENDORSE OR PUT ANY WRITING Oy
THEIR BONDS.
J. P. MORGAN & CO.
2% WALL STREET.

 

New York, Decomber 21st, 1907.
‘The Holders of more than 80% of the bonds having agreed to extend, we are authorized by
the Canada Southern Railway Company and the Michigan Central Railroad Company to con-
tinue until and including JANUARY 2ND, 19038, to receive for extension at our office any of the
above bonds and to pay the coupons due January Ist, 1904, apon such bonds in accordance with
the above notices. : :

WE ARE ALSO PREPARED TO BUY AT PAR AND INTEREST ANY

BONDS THE HOLDERS OF WHICH MAY PREFER TO SELL RATHER THAN
- - J.P. MORGAN & CO.,
23 WALL STREET.

———

 

 

 

  

The Greenwich Bank

ESTABLISHED 1830
Member New York Clearing House

Condensed Quarterly Statement, December 19th, 1907

Resources Liabilities

    
             

aetna $5,566,434.36 —. $1,223,162.56
a Sante’ 3,189,433.22 — Depain.. ...7,532,705.02

$8,755,867.58 $8,755,867.5: 58
Accounts invited, credit extended based on balances and responsibili

 

 

 

 

|
|

TO THE ROLDERS OF THE
First Consolidated Mortgage 4”, Hundred.Year Cold Bonds
r of The Third Avenue Raliraad Co.

Referring to their letter of even date, addressed io Mr. J. N. Wallace, Chairman of
the Committee, constituted under the Bondholders’ Agreement dated November 6th,
1907, the undersigned offer to purchase at Its face value the sem! annual interest cou
pon due January ist, 16%, from such of the above bonds as may be deposited with
the Central Trust Company of New York, subject to said Bondholders’ Agreement.
‘The purchase price of such coupons will be paid for account of the undersigned
by the Central Trust Company of New York on and after January 2nd, 1006, upon pre
sentation of that Company's Certificates of Deposit issued under sald Bondholders’
Agreement, in order that there may be stamped thereon a memorandum respecting
the purchase of the coupons. ‘This offer expires on March ist, 1908,

KUHN, LOEB & CO.

New York, December 27, 1907.

Rr ER TE PRE ERR eee ee

 

WISCELLANEOUS M ARKETS. | MARINE INTELLIGENCE.
Coffee and Provisions Kasier. j MINIATURE ALMANAC TRIS DAY.
’ : | Sun rises.,....7:19 Sun sets. 4:34' Moon rises.. 12:10
A small decline occurred in an extremely “HIGH WATER THIS DAT.
dull coffee market. It was due to a little | sandy Hook.12:52/Gov.island,. 1:24) Hell Gate... .3:17

local liquidation and the dulness of the specu-

  
  

 

  

. Arrived—i'Rtpa¥, December 27.

lation. The cables were colorless, foreign Ss La Provence, Havre, Dec, 21.
traders apparently being as little disposed | Sy Adriatic, southampton, Dec. is
to do anything as local operators were. Se Dalbiatr, Montevideo, Nov. 12.

Spot coffee steady. Rio No.7, 6c. Futures Ss Slegmund, Santos, Dec. 5.
dee ea 5 ints, closing ‘quiet. Sales, Ss Britannic, Belize. ‘Dec.
11,000 bags. avre unchanged to ‘sf. higher. Ss Panama jon,
' Hamburg unchanged to ', pfa. lower. Rio Ss Merida, Havana, Dec. Mu
unchanged; exchange unchanged at 15 7-32d. Ss Parran, Guantco, Dec. 16.
receipts 9,000 bags; stock, 466,000. Santos un- | Ss Virginia, Inagua, Dec. 22 a

Ss Cherokee, Turks I aad,
Ss Fl Rio, Galveston,
Ss Comanche, Jacksonville, “Theo, 24.

changed: receipts, 16,000 bags: stock, 1,927,000.

Prices follow:
Highest. Lowest’ Closing.
50 5.5

5 60@5.65 Ss Northman, Port Arthur, Tex., Dec. 16.
aaa 5 8G 5 85 » 80@5.45 Ss Hamilton, Norfolk, Dec. 26.
September. 6 06 6.06 4 0% 4s Larimer, Port Arthur, Tea., Dec. i7
PROVISIONS, - Lard steady; prime Western, Bark Helen A. Wyman, Gulfport, Dee. 10.
$8.25; refined Continent. $8.50. Peek -: ARRIVED OUT.
mess, $14.50@815. Tallow quiet: city, dvs. Ss Graf Waldersee, at Hamburg from New York
Butter Creamery, extras, 29a20%,c.. Cheese oo or : rg from Ne ork.
iicte ¢. @. small, colored ‘or . white, Ss Ryndam, at Rotterdam from New York.
ate. * oak Se Lucania, at Liverpool from New York
fine, 15%,c. Egas~ Western firsts, 24@24%¢ Ss Arable, at Liverpool from New York.
Chicago, ». 21. "Moderate local buying Ss Slavonic, at Naples from New York.

ot provisions, stimulated by the strength in
hog and lard markets, gave this market a
small bulge early. The_improvement was
lost later on increased offerings in anticipa- |
tion of liberal hog movement next week.
The volume of trade in speculative and cash

Ss Consuelo, at Hull from New York.

BAILED FROM POREION PORTS.
Sa Celtle, from Queenstown for New York.

ow’ TOOING STEAMBEIPs.

 

markets waslight. The latter remains unusu- Sati To-day.
ally dull.” Prices follow: | M
Open- High- Low- Clos- Pree. | Close.
Lara; tr oxi est. ing. Close. Mauretania, Liverpool... ORDA
January.. 7.474 7724 762g 7@ 7.45 | New York, Southampton 600A
May... 782, 755° 780° 780 °7.77'4 | Mevaba,
Ribs: Caledonia, Glasgow. eseceeres
January.. 670 6724 6.625 665 6 67'4 | President Grant, Hamburg. ess ‘
May...... 706' #7 702@ 7.02's 7.06 | Florida, Antwerp.. Soseseess
Pork: Florida, Napies. aa ee . ‘
January “a 12.4344 12. 47' | at uania, Rotterdam Shs eens ‘
May... 19.15 132 1305 13.06 138.07 | Regina @it Tame, 2 Na jes. Messe ahha id
Scoar.—Raw steady. Centrifugal 96 test, erm ermuda.. 4
3.46c; muscovados 8 test, J.36c. Refined, | Saratoga. Havana. ‘ 1000AM 100PM
steady. Granulated, 4.60@4.70c. Maracaibo, Venezuela S30AM 1200M
NAVAL Stores, Spirits of turpentine, 45c, Sen Juan. Porte 5 Rico.. neeu Pein
Common to good strained: rosin, $3. Pring Eltel Friedrich Jamaica 1130 AM 200P M
™ ™ - City of Savannah, Sava . are _ OPM eeu
a a ° yy of Savanna vanna! eesee
Tho Metal Marts Creole, New Orlea 12.00 M
There was a stight ——— » my pd prices c -opcho, Gaiverton. * 1200 M
in New York yesterday following the stagna- rapahoe, Jacksonville. 300PM
tion of the last few days on account of the , #@m!Iton, Tae ies Baa 300P M
holiday. .There was considerably more inquiry | ,avance, Colon. MAM 900PM
for the metal by consumers, but a large in- | Jefferson, Norfolk.. 300PM
crease of sales is not expected until after —— oes 7 Tuesday. December a.

, a Jjguria, Na . e i
the first of the year. Walker's copper letter Gorrtanten, a 0AM VooP
saya: | : Guiana; Barbados... 2PM 300P M

“With the heavy curtailment of production soazes ere.. 1308 400 PM
in Montana, Arizona, Utah and Mexico, it is | FOreRO uy Savannal . see
My, : ets dese 0 P

very improbable that the priee of the metal | Comanche, jacksonville .... ...... 4

will decline to 12 cents again, Jamestown, Norfolk..........  «..... 300PM

The question of curtailment of production
in times of low metal prices is a very inter-
eating one. The right way to view the situa-
tion ia as follows: Copper ore in the ground
anquestionably is @ valuable aaset. It does
not deteriorate or go out of style as mer-
ehandise does, and it does not have. to be
insured or char, “pee paid for storage. It is
oe ‘ae part of wisdom therefore to take
r ore out of the ground and con-
goed it t into meta! unless it can be done at a
fair mar, in of profit
“The old Mayle policy of keeping a company’s
concentrator and amelter going as long as
expenses of operations can be id is not
good business, The management of cop pper
fining com janies should look twice at the
of ore in ¢ round and should go on th
principle that the ore should not be remov
youn! 7 yield a fair net profit for stock-

INCOMING STRAMOHIPS.

 

UNUNS SSRNUSMS USMSkMssrssrce

Quotations in New York were as follows: bee’ ie Colen.. Dee.
Yesterda Due Monany, December 30.

Lake co sea Mi isae ak Ghicago Clty. pwanses . Dee.

or ra. °

Hiectroty te copper oe 1H 1 oe 3 ~ : a Prins ‘August Wilhelm... Coton... baa:

Speiter.. : 4 4 by Tg e ane.. Savannah. Dee.

saee Os +4 New Orleans, ...... Deg,

"The following table shows the metal qu :
tore io the London market in terms of pou By Mareont Wirciess.

Se Campania, for New York, yee 120, mallee opes

  
   

     

 

sae uae eae Severs Hels
= e B4Z8%;
Le 1 EE
7 2

“40h e « te col "4 ay AY Fea ey “10> mites ease

Repper: ! ties esi oO . ° @ oi %s Seer a 200 miles east of

Tin, , 13 4 ° cape Mtenen: ee a ar Sow ve oe wee 0 mites j

a Gf Slemeene’geniegee 2 ran ne
0 @ © Sandy Hook lightshl p at 10 P.M.

i

 

| see, | FESS288, o], 855. > | 2980, & 1: .ERS*E. @ a G.bESE".0 G.eeeces3...0 G1 2. ee ee

RS BONDS.
haf the mortgage executed
sland road Gara.

Se
, a8 Trustee, request is
: to the {indersigned. as

re Pte sacred ren

ae ane on or before
stee reserves the right

ene
Wesretary
New Yorts, ne dnd. 1007, aad

saw the the holder of eee ites 4 ‘avper Game,
due due. Januagy L Tinto Jan aia tn

tae ‘.

The New Y A Haven and ig Revtteed Heli
will, on ‘of Sow “= reas-

ieee ae New are. Cae + Or at
of . im the city

of New pera CG ct interest to
date r cent. First Mort-

bonds of the New hon m Steamboat Com-
. aus J Mary 1, 1008; January 1, 1000:
january 4» ary 1, 011; January 1, 1012;
ie if Mu January 1. 1014; January 4, 101%

F intiw YORK, NEW HAVEN AND HART-
By A. S. MAY

a ne rm

Tan NEY OS eo NEW BPASEN A AND HARK-
COMPANY.
Sy lgvon, Conn., Oct. 20, 1007.
To the ho! =a {the second Mortgage 4 per cent.
| oO the arlem River and Portchester
ork, Ne . due June t, 1911:
aye "en Yor New Haven and Hartford Rall-
Company wit upon presentation ot its treas-
urer's ofce ? the city of New Haven, Conn., or at
the office of Messrs. J. P. Mor, egen & Co., in the city
of New York, pay at par and accrued Interest to
we Gate of presentation the four per cent.
rtgage Bonds & the Harlem

a cae Fort-
ester Railroad Co mpeny due June
vane ed YORK NEW HAVEN *ANDe Hanr-

ron
‘Treasurer.

 

By A. S. MAY, Treasurer.

   

The Federal } National Rank, located at Chicago,
in the State of Illinois, is closing up its affairs. All
— holders and other creditors of the association

re therefore hereby notified to present the notes

and other claims ae the sald Bank, se Chicago,

for pep ment, K G. MURRAY, President.
he bppvember 4 1007

cose & McKI N,

FELSENTHAL ing ARE, &

BEC CKWITH, Counsel.
100 Washington St.. C

cago.

 

NOTICE.
The Planters & Mechanics National of
Beustca. located at Houaon. in the State of Texas,
ite affairs. All note holders and other
aoe of the association are therefore hereby
notitied to present the notes and other claims for

payment.
GRORGE | RAMAN, Cashier.
Houstoh, Texas, Dec. 7, 1

 

AINTERE sT.

DIVIDENDS AND

anne anne

Windsor Crust Company

Downtown Office,
Nassau & Cedar Sts,
N. Y¥., December 26, 1007.
Ata held of the Nionta of Directors of this
Company, held this day, the regular semi-annual
a of three per cent, was declared on the
Capital Stock, pa to stockholders of record
at the close of business December 28, 1907.
A. _GORDON NORRIE, Secretary.

 

DRPILL L AL.

 

see * yaith St.

CHATHAM NATIONAL BANK

DIVIDEND NO. 148

A Quarterly Dividend of FOUR PER CENT. has
this day been declared by the Board of Directors,
payable on and after January 2nd, 10908, until whica
dave transfer books will be closed.

W. HM. STHAWN, Cashier.

New York, December 20th, 1907.

THE BANSAS CIDY SOU RMN KaALLWAW
COMPANY.
25 Broad Street, New York, December 5th, 1907,
quarcesty dividend of one (1%) per cent. has
this day been declared upon the Preferred Stock of
this Souaneey from the surplus earnings of the
current ‘iscal year, payable on January 15th, 1908,
to stockholders of record at 3:00 o'clock P. M. Decem
ber 3ist, 1007.
Checks for the dividend will be mailed to Stock -
holders at their Inst address furnished to the Trans-

  

 

 

fer Office,
R. B. SPERRY, Secretary.
OFFICE OF
THE mnoree oh ee BATTERY

Allegheny fs a 1th Street,
Phila., Pa. Dec, 2th, 107,
‘The Decotees have this day declared a dividend
of 1% perc rom the net, earnings of the Com
pany. on bo n vommon ah preferred stocks, pay -
January 2nd, 1904, to stockholders of record
os the close of business on December 2Ath, 1907,

Checks “ be matied.
WALTER G. HENDERSON. _ Treasurer,

AMERICAN LOCOMOTIV E © om PANY.
, New York, December 19, 1007
Directors this ony declared a quar
terly dividend of ONE AND THREE QUARTERS
PER CENT. upon the preferred capital stock, pay
able January 21, 1908, to the preferred stockholders
of record at the close of business on December 0,
1907. Checks will be mailed.

Transfer books of the preferred stock will close
at ee P. M., December 30, 1907. and reopen January

1908.

 

 

T CALLA L. AW! AY, Secretary.

 

ihe Audit Company of New York

The Board of Directors has this day declared
dividends on the referred and Common stocks of
the Company, payable December 31, to stockhold
ers of record December 28, aru
. RICHARDSON,
See retary and Treasurer
New York, _ December 10, 1905

THE NEW YORK AND ‘NEW SRSEY TELE-
PHONE COMPANY,
51 Wittoughy Street, Hrookiyn, N.Y.
VIDEND NO. 97.

A regulsr quarterly dividend of one and three
quarters per cent. has been derlsred oa the capital
stock of this Con.pany, payable January ith, 190%,
to Stockholders of record at the close of business
January 4th, 1906.

HENRY SANGER § SNOW,

THE BANK OF AMERICA,
New York, December 17th, 1907
The Board of Directors have to day declared a
semi-annual dividend of thirteen (13) per cent,
free of tax, payable January 274. 1908, to stock
holders of record of this date
The transfer books will remain closed until Janu

 

 

 

  

‘Treasurer.

ary 3d, 1008
W. M. BENNET, Cashier.
THE FOU arn “NATIONAL BANK “OF THE
CITY OF NEW YOu.
New York, December Mth, 1907.

The Roard of Dircctors has this day declared a
semt-annual dividend of FOUK PER CENT., pay
able on and after January 2a, proximo.

The Transfer Books a close at 3 P.M. this date,

reopening January 2d,
CHAK A (LES HH. | " PATTI! RSON, Cashier

111 BROADWAY.
The coupons on this company's Twenty year De
benture 5% Bonds, due on January Ist next, will
be paid on January 2d upon presentation at the
company's office, Room 1406, Trinity Building.
B. M. FELLOWS, Treasarer.
FRANKLIN TRUST COMPANY _
Dividend No. 70.
New York Olty, Dec. 18th, 1907.
The Board of Trustees i this day declarea
& quarterly dividend of aah upon the ca et
k of this Company. payable January 2nd,
to stockholders of record at close of business
cember Sist, 1007.
CLINTON W. LUDLUM, Secretary.

OFFICE oe aay UNITED GAS y ty 4h EMENT
CO. N. W. Cor, Broad and Arch

 

 

Philadel oe Pa,, Dec’ ti. 1907.
ayvin Direatnre have this ar jared a quarter y
er © ene. | lollar per share),

Jenuary 15, 1008; ta moe’ olders of record

re a ™ usin ens ember $1, 1907, Checks
be b
‘ LEWIS LILLIE, Treasurer.

peer te EN
TOLEDO, ST. Loney. SAF MEAISEN RAMROAD
8 due January io 108, from the Prior
Lise’ Ortgage 314% penee-e tale Company will be
pete atte after’. danuary ist. 1908, i Presentation at
office of the Company, No. Wall Street, New

York City.
JA3. STEVART MACKIE, Treasurer,
ene? Co.

st. nee
? "sig 2 due wy y's polls on be paid
ey , 2s _ cal of

3 SPRING

 

Preasiver.

TS ||

, 1008, will be paid

 

 

Galt 2 ship, Stand. Matiread Com
First Mortgage FR & Terminal

amalgi No, 12, dee er *

on
Cedar 5St., ¥.
kK, ee IWERS, Weltalsien,
Keystone Telephone Co. of Philadelphia.
ate = age 5% Gold Bonds.
January 2 1908, will be paid

OPED bathe N. ¥.

or
IN, 3) Cedar St.,
WM. W, WHARTON, Treasurer.

 

Batfalo & Su lopiaons Ratireat Company
First enn

copay is as 1908, wil be paid
St. N.Y.

mi
oul

NO EXTRA © HARG": POR 'T.

Advertisements for THe SU» and Tar Evening
audaren se atany Amerivan District Messenger

a*

 

en

a SE A

NN eee

ee ean a a

DIVIDENDS AND INTHRKST.

 

 

NOTICE,
INTEREST ON THE ate or SEMPRE
Office of the Board of Fire & Pollee Co: missioners.
Memphis, Tenpn., December t 16th, 1907,

Notice ts hereby given that the seml-ani sri
terest maturing January 1, 1 on the of
the city of Memphis will be on and after thas
date a» follows:

Coupons of the Touts ye Gengeoes
Bonds maturing in bw wilt by the Bank
Commerce & Trust Co. of ‘Mem ies 2
United States Mi New York
City, N. ¥.. at the o n oe tine holder thereof.

Coupons of thes New perunes Goid Bonds matur-
ing to 1026 will be Mien the Bank of Commerce &
Trust Company of elon ‘Tenn,, af by the Dae
States Mortgage & Trust Co. of New York
N. Xx. at the option of the holders theres’.

o ‘oupons of the New Market House Bonds will be
paid by the Bank of Commerce & Trust Company
of Memphis, ‘i enn.

MES MH. MALONE, Mayor.
Attest;—-FENNIS M. povGE ASS, City Register.
BANCO CENTRAL MEXICANO.
Dividendo.

El Consejo de Administractén de este Banco,
en la seston celebrada el dia 20de Noviembre ditime,
acoord6 repartir 4@ los 5 res Arcion oo

por aoclén m ou ~ las utilidades obten

en_el act

FI page ae Raerg proaimo en
ade

En ites nr “Ke tre han” ot Banco (Angel_y
San Augstin): en Jos Estados de la Remibilca: En

Bances locales;

; on Parts: Mn le Bee uc del Union
‘arihienne (7 Heave Chauchat 9 & "ch
En el National Park Mank.
México, Diclernbre 16 de 1907.
F. PIMENTEL Y FAGOAGA, FEDERICO KLADT,
_Gerente. Subgerente,

New York:

 

NEW AMSTERDAM GAS CO NY
FIRST CONSOL IDA’ TED MORTGA’ NDS
NEW YORK AND EASE RIVER GaAs ca,
veer oO ONSOLIDATED | MORTGAGE BONDS

 

 

  

Coupons duc January Ist next, on both of these
ingues, and all coupons duc and unpald on that date,
will be ~_ upon presentation at the National
Clty Ban o. 32 Wall Street, New Vork City.

+» M, GRAHAM, ‘Treasurer.

 

 

 

 

Savings Banks.

United States
Savings Bank

S. W. Cor. Madison Ave. & 58th St,
The ‘Prustees of this Bank have declared in-
terest at the rate of
per annum on all sums from
to $%,000--entitled
% on Dee. 31, 1907,.- payable on
und, after San. 0908, pe-
or fore Jan.
i ‘eu ara Interest from
an.
CONSTANT a *\NDREWS, President.
JOHN HYSLOP, Treasurer,
EDWARD H. LANDON, —
THE MANHATTA
SAVINGS INSTITUTION.
NOS. 644-646 BROADWAY.
113TH SEMI-ANNUAL DIVIDEND.
I ber 10th, 1907

Jecem .
The Trustees of this Institution have deciared
interest at the rate of

FOUR PER CENT.

per annum on all sums not exceeding 83.000 re
maining on deposit during the three or six months
| ending on the Stst inst.. payable on and after
January 20th, 1008.
Deposits made on or before January 10th, 1008,
will draw interest from January Ist, 1908,
After January ist, 1004, open daily from 10 A, M,
tog P M. Saturday from 10 A. M, to 12 M.
. JUDEPH BIRD, rresigent.
FRANK G. STYLES, Secretary.
CONSTANT M. BIRD, Asst. Secretary

North River Savings Bank
31 W. 34th St., bet. Sth & 6th Aves.
Interest credited January ist

FOUR per-cent per Annum
o
10a.m,to 3 p.m, Mondays open day
and evening 10 4. ™. to .m. Sater-
Gaye 10a. m, to 23m, posits made
Janaary 1% draw interest from
Resear Bat.
Samuel D. Styles, Presiden
Frederick N, Cheshire, Treseurer.
Charles F. Curton, Secretary.

 

 

 

 

on deposits from 65 to 83.000,

 

——_

CITIZENS’ SAVINGS BANK

6 AND 58 BOWERY, COR, CANAL ST.
95TH SEMI-ANNUAL DIVIDEND.
The Trustees have ordered interest at the rate of
FOUR (# PER CENT.
per annum to be paid to depositors on and after
Jantary 20th bn ali sums of 85 and up to 83,000
which have remained on deposit for the three or
six months ending December 3ist, 1007, in ac-
cordance with the by laws and rules of the bank.
Money deposited on or before January 10th will
draw interest from January Ist. *
HENRY HASLER, President,

HENRY SAYLER, Secretary.
eMIL A HU BER, Assistant Secretary.

NEW YORK SAVINGS BANK,

N. W. Cor. 14th St. & Sth Avenue.

The Trustees have declared a dividend for the
six months ending Jan. 1, 1908, on all deposita en-
tiuied thereto, under the by-laws, at the rate of

FOUR PER CENT.

per annum on ail sums from

$5 TO $3,000

 

 

 

 

 

 

Deposits made on or before Jan. 10th will draw
interest from Jan. Isty
saaiens WILLIAM. FELSINGER, President.
ARCHIBALD M, PENTZ, Secretary.
et a GRASS
The American Savings Bank,
115 WEST 42D ST.
ae x dividend at the rate of
% Per Cent Per Annum,
on ie come a FF a, the
ist, 1908, payable on and after Jan. 20th. Depo ts
made up to and Including Jan. 10th will draw in-
terest from Jan, Ist.
President.
WILLIAM M. HAZELTON, Treasurer
S. EK. Cor, 6th Ave. and 16th
PER ANNUM will be credited Gepoctvare eae
SIX. MONTHS and THREE MONTHS eNDI a
DEC. 31, 1907, on all sums from five dollars to thres
thousand dollars, ee thereto un
laws, payable Jan.
PAs QO UINLAN.P resident.

WAXDLING, ‘Treasurer.
The Board of Trustees has de
By-Laws, from $5 to $3,000, to be Jan
CLARENCE GOADBY,
INTEREST AT THE RATE OF poe Pen one.
der the by
RLES M. DUTCHER, T:

4, HAMPDEN ROBB, Secreta
Deposits made on or re JAN, 20, 1908, wit!
draw interest from JAN, 1, 1908,

 

Union Dime Savings Institution,
BROADWAY, 2D ST. AND SIXTH AVENUE
GREELEY SQUARE, NEW YORK.

PER CENT. PES
INTEREST Four ANNUM
from $5 to $3,000. Credited January ist: payabi»s
January 16th, at any time iater.
HARLES EF. SPRAGU/, President.
FRANCIS M. LEAKE, Treasurer.
WILLIAM G. ROSS, Secretary.

ELECTIONS | AND ) MEETINGS,

Now York, &, December 12, 1907.

The annual election of Directors of the MEI
CHANTS NATIONAL BANK of the City of New
Yor wilh be held at its Banking House, No. 42 Wall
Street, New York, on Tuesday, January 4th, 1908,
at 12 o'clock noon; and at the same time and plgpe a
posting of the siockholders of the Bank will be

‘or the purpose action a

posal to amend the Arti Sf A mn Oh an
to provide that the number of Directors shat be
not less than eleven nor re than fifteen, as from
time to time the Board shall determine; and until
otherwise so determined shall be twelve; and of
transacting such other buisness as may properly
come before the meeting

By order of the Board Or Dt
JOSEPH f BYRNE, Cashier.

BROADWAY TRUST COMPANY.
The annual mecting of the stockholders of this
company for the election of directors and hy .
tors of the next umeeecing olen election wit be eld
o the sompene s office roadway, Manhattan
oronas. New York Clty. on Wednesday, January
at 12 o'clock noon
Transter books will be closed on December 271h,
1907, at noon unr January 9th, 1008, at 3 P.M.
OHN W. H. BERGEN, Secretary.

THE MUTUAL BANK,

New York, December 12, 1007,
THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE STOCK
HOLDERS of this Bank, for the Flection of Direc
tors. will be heid at the Banking House, No, 1282
Broadway, on Tuesday, the I4th day of par.
1008, between he hours of three and fou M.
UGH N., KIRKLAND,  Ganbler

THE ANNUAL MERFTING of the “Stockholders
of the Sperry & Alexander st 90 will be aeons
at the ¢ of the Company at Broadway
York City, on January 18th, 1008, at ten Shor
in the onan for the purpose of electing OMecr.
and Disectors for the ensuing year and euem other
business that may come before said meeting

WM. LUTHY, Secretary.

New York, December 28th 1-7,
THE ANNUAL MEETING of the Stoc kholders
of The Astoria Light, Heat and Power (Company
will be held at the office of the Company. No. 4
Irving Place, New ware Ot Cc ny, on Monday, January
6th, 1008, at 12 o'clock
c. M, CARBONT. LL,

 

 

—

 

 

 

Asst. Secretary.

‘

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
  

    
      
        

‘
Ste