about’ it | may go too, perhaps.”

THE REPORTER SEEKS IN VAIN
ABOUT A178 RED CENTRE,

“A ine.” Saki Merris interrupting «
Crap Game, and the Olid Cle’ Men and
the Baker and the Horseshoer Knew
Not Joan of Are and Her 30,000.

That East Side rent strike is a shine or
Morris is leas ekilful in defining economic
conditions in his neighborhood than he is at
playing craps. As to hia skill at craps,
well, that creeps into this story, so let it
come in its proper place.

ove’
Thé very red centre of the strike a given | the choe Is cold. Damn the atria?” and

by the strike extras is the tenement at 216-218 |

Cherry street,

you naturally depend upon your knowledge |
of Cherry Hill and start from that historic | @t the cornea of

} ny at 51 Madison street.

grade; heading northerly and continuing
on your way, looking at house numbers,
you enddenly conclude that the very num-
bers are a myth, becaus Cherry street
@eems to end just as the mounting numbers
suggest that you are getting warm.

anchof of a néw East River bridge, tut upon
discovering that it is pierced by a majestic
arch which will admit Cherry street -one
day you make a detour.

Going around the anchor by way of
Monroe street to Pike street you turn down
toward the river until Pike street becomes

to continue on its way.
A picturesque neighborhood. Toward
the river you see the giant steel piers of the

new bridge springing skyward and are de- | da

lighted to encounter an intelligent work-
man who proudly assures you that 6,000
tons of steel plates and girders are going
into these towers on the Manhattan side
and as much more into the Brooklyn side.
One makes a note of this against the main
story not sanning out as well as might be

expected.

Cherry street resumes itself with stables,
vast brick stables for housing of many
horses of waterfront habits, and between
two stables on the west side of the street
looms the six story tenement running from
216 to 222. It is a modern tenement, built
only last year, and looks all the more
modern because many of the buildings in
the neighborhood are comparatively an-
cient.

There is the solid old fashioned stable
nest door, north of the new tenement
That was occupied as a stable by Luke Fay,
as an inacribed stone in ita front informs, in
1819, and by Fay Bros. in 1875. But the |
Fays no longer haunt that neck of woods
Isaac Rosenstein, so a tin sign informs, |
keeps the stable,and his veterinary surgeon
is none other than Dr. Rosenthal.

But the red centre of the rent strike calls
Two bright boys are seen furtively desoend-
ing into the very midst of the tenement by
a steep stairway leading down from the
sidewalk to an underground alley. The |
reporter after a littledeliberation followed. |
The underground alley opened into a paved
court. Only a black cat there. Another
aligy led to yet another court, a shady,
retited, cement paved court, where the two
bright boys were discovered playing craps.

They were Morris and Jakey, last names
unrevedled, and they played for pennies,
but used picture cards for markers. Early
in the game Morris showed doubts as to
those pennies.

“Have you any money, Jakey?” he asked,
shaking his dice loaded hand.

“Sure. Three cents.”

Morria threw.

“How about the tenement rent strike?”
asked the reporter.

“It's a shine,” said Morris, watching his
throw eagerly.

“How shine?”

“All from the ‘

“Jakey, let me oe =. a a

“But Sarah Hellman, the new Joan d'Arc,
isn’t she going to lead thirty thousand of
you in a strike?”

“She’s a shine, too,” said Morris. “She
oe her picture from the papers, from the
; aber. i Pt ses from the English papers.

g

+ a cat loafed into the court and
after regarding the reporter with no great
favor sat in a corner and made her toilet.
A whiskered baker came out of the hase-
ment bakeshop and watched the crap shoot-
ing with listless interest.

I see those pennies I know you

Are you ing on a rert strike?” the
reporter the baker.
Sure,” ne said quickly, and then he

asked after a
“Here, in tenement.”
“What for?” asked the baker.
mJ ay leas rent.”
said the baker after a longer

“that is a good thing. if I hear

use, “Where i is it?”

lorries had won all the counters and now
clemanded cash. Jakey tearfully
with three coppers e baker spat at
the cat and red to his shop. The crap-
pers went their way, the cat made a face
at the reporter and jumped over the wall
to the next court.
Out on the street there were still no
more signs of 30,000 no rent strikers than

there were the court. Two ancient
whiskered ews met on the sidewalk.
One had his shoulders three coata,

three veets and three pairs of trousers,
The stock of the other itemed the same.
except that it was shy one pair of trousers.
The old clo’ men stood stock still and elo-
quently eyed each “other for as much as
A minuto before the one who was sh

trousers advanced, took from the thers
shoulders the garment he needed to fill
his ome and began critically to examine

The other watched him with feverish

“Fhe we
would-be buyer made an offer.
The other heard it with a look of horror.
extended his hands to heaven and volubly
addressed that distant bourne for the space
of a minute and then made a counter offer.
is caused the trousers shy one.to appeal
to heaven with loud lamenting cries.

“How about the rent strike?” the re.
porter asked them.

The effect was as if one should halt two
100 yard sprinters at the ninety yard line to
ask them the time of day. They were in
the very ecstasy of bargaining and growled
in rage at the questioner.

Mr. and Mrs. Spellman keep a “atrictly
wuret and fine delicatessen” shop at 218
of the red centre ‘strike tenement. To
=“ in their shop the reporter appealed.

Rape f Spellman in shirt sleeves and red
whis eld baby S. on hia knees; mamma
Spellman waited on customers while mas-
. acted as interpreter.

ill the tenants. in thia building strike

againat rent paying?”

“For sure!” said master 8. “Not in all
the building. in 216 and in 218, but not
in Bo in 222,”

oe $17 what is $19 and for $8 what is

When will they strike?”

“Come the first of next month. The
rent is pald on the fifteenth and the first.
It ia a good Lrning t0. to have two dollars from
the rent. A nice tenement? Oh,
yes. Hot water is furnished free three
days a week. But what is hot water for?
Two dollars off a month is better. We do
ae know Sarah eliman nor yet Joan of

Did we have 30,000 at our meeting?

. you make fun; we had twenty folks.
Some do not care.”

Mamma Spellman served a customer
with some “strictly wurst,” a cut from a cake
the size of a door and a spoonful of sauer-
kraut in a bowl.

Outside the two old clo’ men were near
a finish. At last one gave the other 10 cents

the coveted meee eae trousers and carried

t off, ay, qenies the seams.
The seller pocketed the dime, smiled, saw
that the reporter had seen the smile and
then scowled.

4croas the en is the blacksmith shop
¢ N. aX. oly. Spe — looked lovable
Foley's was

) .

4g

HUNTING THE RENT STRIKE |

 

 

If you want to get there | for:

You |
are stepped, indeed, by the mighty granite | a shine, the basement baker

Pike Slip, and there Cherry street is found ke nor string nor

 

Cees hese om 2

SS en a

ib

was trow
on ~~ jborseahoe of him cone with e
threatening sawing of the redhot shoe:
“('wan!

The reporter made dipk repre-
sentations. He all his arta to
pacify, to make N. Polev’s assist-

ant, who finally and said:
, "s been ai doven

and as many thousand men

about here aquing,_ fer a What

reat strike,”

gountry

ys man
r, pet, tin I fit this pf 4

Foley's assistant replaced the shoe in
That section of the city ite fiustes
that known

rict M

Court, which
all dispos-

| meas cases, all servant and master and em-

ployer and employee cases nating in

the district are disposed of, othe district,

it is well to remember, extends to the south
Manhattan Island.

end of
Now Morris and Jakey mi 2 talk about
ninformed,

red woman who enjoyed hearing net
near string an innocent reporter, and
oN. Foley's assistant not have.

Court | neither lie
indifferent.

Thirty thousand no rent strikers would
result in swamping that court; a hundred:
extra clerks would beat work on the papers,
a hundred extra hard faced servers would
be scattering dispossess notices in every

on.
So in the search for recorded truth the
reporter went to that Municipal Court.
One clerk, no process servers!

“Servers all out in automobiles, Is juppose?”
sug ed the wear, to the lone ak.

t your kidding,” said the age | clerk.
“It FA these hard times.”
acne feria eg
“Something like 30, eh?”
“That wouldn't be hard on us.” an said the
ue. , “I've got just one dispossess rs
to-day.”

“For 216 Cherry street?” asked the re-
porter.

“No,” answered the clerk, reading from
the backing on a folded document. “From
the Commercial Cable Building. That's
down op Broad street, you know, near the
Stock Exchange. Some broker's busted,
I suspect.” i

SCOTT’S NAME.

USED JUSTICE

 

Former Employee Said to Haye Ordered
@lothing as if Me Were the Judge.

George Newman, 20 years old,of 2421
First avenue, was arrested yesterday on a
charge of obtaining clothing on account from
a Sixth avenue department store by fraud-
nlently using the name of Justice Francis
M. Scott of the Supreme Court. Detec-
tives told Magistrate Barlow in the Jefferson
Market court that a young man called at

| the store in the early autumn and, declaring

that he was Francis M. Scott, ordered ten
suits of clothes, two pairs of shoes and an
overcoat to be delivered at the Judge's
residence, 42 Park avenue. The Judge
and his family were at that time in Europe.
A maid, however, euatees the goods.

A few days later a —_ whom
she said she recogni rZe New-
man, a former emyloyee in the J
house, called and said that his ng
had been sent by mistake to 42 Park avenue
instead of 42 Madison avenue. The maid
turned over the clothes to him.

When the Judge returned from Europe
he discovered that some one had ordered
clothes on his name. An investi
sulted in the arrest of Newman.
Barlow remanded Newman to Police Head.
quarters for twenty-four hours.

ee

 

HENNESSY IN MORE TROUBLE.
Pawntickets for Stolen Goods Found
When He Was Arrested for Assauy.

Francie C. Hennessy was held in $2,500
bail for trial in the Jefferson Market oourt
yeserday on a charge of assaulting Paul
Wursch, night watchman in the apart-
ment house at 26 West Twenty-seventh
street. Nine pawntickets were foundin Hen-
nessy’s pockets when arrested and thirty-
two more in his room. ‘They showed that
$110 had been realized upon jew and
valuables of various kinds. A number of
the occupants of the house identified the
pawned goods as their property. Among
~ owners of re stolen propery Sie wore:

L. Savage, T. L. Smith an
a lan.

The police estimated the value of the

roperty on which Hennessy had realized
110, as between $9,000 and $12,000. Wursch
picked Hennessy from a lineupin the court
room as the man who had assaulted him
on December 19.

CITY NEED NOT PAY DEVLIN.

Appellate Division Dectdes Against Bronx
Park Contractor.

The verdict in the city’s favor rendered
in the Supreme Court in a suit brought by
John Devlin, a contractor, to recover $50,058
from the city for work done in repairing and
regrading the Botanical Gardens in Bronx
Park was affirmed without opinion yester-
day by the Appellate Division. The suit
was tried before Justice Gildersleeve in
November, 1006, when the jury found a ver-
dict * Sever of the city, from which Devlin

ap

= is also pending before the Appellate
Division an —~ the bey ay a judg-
ment for $22,450 obtained by Devlin for wor
done in re uding Crotona Parkway. The
auit in whic in obtained that judgment
was tried ci Justice Davis, who directed
the jury to bring in a verdict in Deviin's
favor for the full amount. The two actions
are entirely distinct, and the city’s appeal
has not yet been upon.

 

POLICEMAN LET GO,

dompia'nant Drops (harge When Patrol-
man Apologizes. ~

Policeman Patrick Mangan of the John
street station, who was arrested on Thurs-
day night charged with intoxication and
aseauit, was arraigned yesterday before
Magistrate Droege in the Tombs police
court. Isaac Hyman of 997 Union avenue,
the complainant, told the M trate that
he woult withdraw the data Mangan
would apologize.

“I have no recollection of striking this
man, but if I did I am pertegtty willing to

 

apologize,” said Man
The complaint was then withdrawn.
The Seagoers.

Sailing to-day by the Cuharder Maure-
tania for Queenstown and Liverpool:

Foxhall Keene, Mr. and Mrs, M, Wilfred
Cnokley, Fleet Surgeon Deighton Chariton,
R. N.: Howard Burg, A. W. Chesterton,
©, A. Severance, Dr. and Mra. James Drum-

mond, Judge and Mra. Charles F, q
Mrs. Harry M. Jenks, A. 8. Ve a rw.
indale, Me r. a Mra. do Pn Sticke FW w.
uther “

Peebien, Al a deor rt,‘
bell Mackay. Be and
Irwin Laug rhiin and drs. Honey
g-American

Passengers the
Prim, off for “Piymouth ,

liner President Grant,

J.
nat Ses E. M. veer ard aneigon reba, Mr.
Dr, o —)

ee a ries H

Cherbourg and Hamburg:

_ the American liner New Yar which
sails to-day for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
ciiehard Ht
carte ‘4 Cat! Mie mr oe,

er
reat en ance snd ‘the ne hey:

ohn. Wh the North Geran Lleyd -
eee ama

me mr adeiside W. Paler. Robert Fisher and

 

ES S*eb" "58s Tet

  
  

oT GATS MATINEE

CHILDREN, BIG AND LITTLE, BN-
TERTAINED DELIGHTFU LLY.

 

 

Senge About Four Boys Pleased the Big
Audience Best - Verses From Stevenson
and Southern Melodies and Barnyard
Tales Which Set Them Chertiing.

The wige ol’ ow! and the pussy cat em-
barked in a peagreen boat and sailed "way,
‘way off to the Nevor Never Never Land,
and they found a little piggie under a green-
wood trew that had a ring in its nose that
made just the most be-autiful wedding
ring, and the owl and the pussy cat were
married and lived happily ever after, dano-
ing in the moonlight throughout ‘eternal
nights; and there was a teddy bear on
the piano among Mise Kitty Cheatham's
contributions of flowers, on the intimate
stage of the little Berkeley Theatre yester-
day afterncon, and the teddy bear wore a
crimson swoater with a white Harvard H
on the bem: and there were three great
big Christmas trees back of the piano;
and in the stage boxes were fluffy haired
little girls and David Bispham and other
songster celebrities who clapped with de-
light over the oral and pictorial ecstacy
all about them; und, best of all, the Berkeley
was crowded with admirers of Miss Cheat-
ham that filled every seat and spilled out
to the street surb, almest.

Tt was Mies Cheatham’s “Annual Holiday
Matineé for Young People.” Along with
the kiddies came the elders to fill all the
seats, just as Uncle Jim and Aunt Eliva
hunt up ali the nephews and nieces in
creation when the circus comes to town.
But far be it from any one to compare the
doings under the very best of round tops
with the delightful art that Miss Cheatham
evidenced yesterday at her kiddie matinée.
Every year at Yuletide Miss Cheatham
gives her Christmas matinées and each
year the performonce is better than the year
before.

Little girls with big white bows of silk
ribbon in their hair and great big girls
with lorgnettes and ailke and wrinkles
chortled when Miss Cheatham first told
of the little girl who liked all the hens and
ducks in the barnvard “because they always
were busy and doing something” but who
simply. detested the turkey gobbler. And
after the spoker introduction Miss Cheat-
ham told in a song that was all too short
of the horrible hove of the little girl that

What would the turkey gobbler do
If he got hiccoughs before he was through
With hia gobble, gobble, gobble?

The songs that best pleased the big audi-
ence had to do with four boys--a separate
; song for each boy who, owing to a distinct
set of circumstances in each case, were
made far from unhappy. You know how
it is yourself, if you've been unfortunate
enough to have been born in Fifth avenue
to be compelled to have yourself all prinked
up on Friday afternoons and rig; out in
a velvet jacket and sent off to adancing |
school simply because you're a boy.

Whose parents think that dancing
Is something I should know

‘They take me to a slippery halt
‘To make of me a beau.

And there was the boy who told a lie about
eating the jam; and the Sunday school bo
| who envied the heathen that always is

being supported by the folks in the
and who has nothing to do but play on ae
South Sea strands; and the boy whose
especial aversion is small boy visitors
because visitors are visitors anc A, =

choice of the best toys and |
else that’s fine, whereas the litt bent has
to let ‘em be the whole thing, first, because
common politeness de it and, sec-
ondly, because if he didn't kowtow to his
ests his mother would lambast the day-
fights out of him after oe perty. You
sympathized with that when Misa
tham plaintively aed his refrain.
I'd rather be a vis-i-tor
At some one else's house.

Before Misa Cheatham began a grou
of Stevenson's songs she called her audi-
ence’s attention to the delightful thought-
fulness of the Scotchauthor. When Steven-
son listed what each child in one song was
doing, for instance, it occurred to him
when he came to little Peter, the last in
e rade, that it isn't very glorious to be

agiee ¢ Consequently the thou ht-
fal poet says that “Peter led the rear.” Tiny
Peter may have been an also ran but at
least he led something. And ppvenase
wasn't content to speak merely of the Wi
he always said the “pleasant light”
the bees are awake and the ewes. =~
awake, and if you're not awake it’s your
mistake at 6 ona fine June morning!

Perhaps Miss Cheatham's art was at its
best in her recitations of Paul Dunbar’s negro
verses and in her rendition of the plaintive
Southern melodies that she has studied
at first hand on the plantations. Miss
Flora MacDonald was the accompanist
and was efficient.

lahat siamiaiecatamn AME deens teen ceeliaiaittatiad ili aiee Niece aa a

 

 

The New York Trio Piays.

The New York Trio, a new chamber music
organization, gave ite first concert yester-
day afternoon in Mendelesohn Hall. The
members are Paolo Gallico, pianist; Alex-
ander Saslavsky, violinist, and Henry Bram-
son, ‘cellist. The programme consisted of
Schubert's E flat major trio, opus 100;
Mozart's twelfth sonata for violin and
piano, and Tschaikowsky's A minor trio,
opus 50. The new trio plays with accuracy

and with considerable respect for intona-
tion, but the piano furnished three-quarters
of the tone and the strings lack distinction
of quality and style.

News of Plays and Players,

Whit Cunliffe, England's “Fashion Plate
Comedian,” and Miss Lily Flexmore (La
Zephyr), a dancer and singer, arrived
yesterday on the White Star steamship
Adriatic to play engagements in America
in vaudeville. Mr. Cunliffe will open on
Monday at the New York Theatre. Misa
Flexmore goes direct to Chicago, where
she begins her engagement next week
at the Auditorium.

Albert Parr, the tenor, will assume the
title réle in “Tom Jones,” beginning next
eee —. At the same time Misa May

i Co the cast in the rdéle of

19 MARRIAGE LICENSES.

Bureau Busy—Ciya and Religious
Ceremony Costs Extra.

The new Marriage Bureau in the City Hall
issued nineteen Koenses yesterday. James
Collucio of 144 Sullivan atreet and Angelina
Petrino of 136 Sullivan street said that they
were married by an Alderman a year ago,
but t wanted to be married by a priest
now. had to geta lsenes just the
same. I tally their case
out the fact that if a couple want both a
ave and religious they will have

two licenses and pay $2.
negro and his girl wanted to know if
there was any way could get out of

dollar.
ee | vehanscs vnid City Clerk Soully, “get married

before January
“Come on, heah,” said the negro to his
tntanepe. “we'll put dat weddin’ ahead a

New

MORE WEAPONS OVERBOARD.

i

cated Knives and Rev olvers Dumped.

Commisasioner Bingham yesterday went
down the bay on the police boat. Patrol! and
supervised the dumping overboard of about
500 matees and revolvers. These are the

ch were found on thieves and
other priconere in the leat er months.

‘These confiscated weapons w
gold, but a recent law Riven the’ Come

issioner the power to destroy them
any way he sces fit.

 

 
 
   
  
   
   
   
    

aie

'
|
'
!
'

a a SSts  BERSSE SSSRSRSTTSSET TTS RETEST SEReas seas S

 

Verdi's “Un Ballo in Maschera’
@ung at the Manhattan Opera House last
night. The audience was one of fair size
but not what it ought to have been with

the pu

the threat of Boston hanging over b-
lio head. However, what it lacked in size
the audience made up in enthusiasm. The

visitor at the Manhattan Opera House
always finds enthusiasm, which is an ex-
cellent thing. Many years of “Un Ballo in
Maschera” are somewhat trying to it, how-
ever, and despite the most plausible ex-
planations of the appearance of a ruler of
Boston in the disguise of a Neapolitan
flaherman, it ia difficult to find illusion in
the story.

But “Un Ballo im Maschera” belongs to
the good old days when the good old tunes
were composed, Some of them are just
good old tunes and nothing else, while others
have a certain dramatic or emotional qual-
ity. They are like Archibald the All Right’s
poem!—to understand them it is necessary
to think of nothing at all. The good old
tunes were enjoyed’ last night in the good
old way. It made no difference at ail whether
singers sang out of tune or not, with taste
or not, with intelligence or not, the applause

was always read ”

Neverthehwa ormance was not

all nor was it by any mgans all bad.
Salle ee in the encundnas. thal in say-

this we must not forget ti the o
= er boisterous style of Italian

ere pat ce is mae in place in “Un
in Spoehera” than than it is in many ee
works. Ve dash, spirit, rather than
delicacy of Rowe or refinement of meth
were found in last night's ormance, an
these quatities fit well with the character
of the work, save in the final scene, which
in the hands of a great tenor ‘may beseme
genuinely pathetic.

Giovanni Zenatello would not have been
accounted a great tenor in taly at the time
when “Un lio in Maschera” was made
known. Yet he has certain excellent quali-
fications for the réle of Riccardo, the Nea-
ay Hy ont. poy ecdvay. of 7.

as youth, pI ca
and asuperb voice. His sing Freee make night
eotlous buoyancy.

was full of warmth and infect:
It had all the elation of a
and not a little variety o! In Shia
latter respect it was better than anything
this young tenor had poereuey done ton
The erman’s song in the second act was
ms most admirably

Mr. Sammarco was the Rena/o, and it
need hardly be said that he sang his music
excellently, but did not give his réle ve
pronounced character. essrs. Arimo
and Mugno7 appeared as ‘those two wicked
conspirators Sam and Tom. They were in-
deed diabolical, and Mr. Arimondi’s voice

the turkey gobbler would strangle to death: | did good service i in the ensembles.

Precedence is given to the men because
in Mr. Hammerstein's company they are
the better artists. Mme. Russ sang Amelia
only respectably. Mme. de Cisneros was
good within cnaventianat limita aa U'lricn,
while Mme. ae ¢ chirruped off the music
of sacar prettily enough and looked Ike
a boy doll off a t hristmas tree. Mr. Cam-
panini conducted,

“Die Meistersinger” was performed at
the Metropoliten Opera House last night
with the same cast as heretofore and in a
manner creditable to the institution. It
was made known that Mme. Sembrich took
fresh cold while singing Rosine in “Ul Bar-
biere ci Siviglia” on ance ovenen
and that she will consequently unable
to sing this afternoon. “Marta” therefore
cannot be given, and in its place “Fedora”
will be sung by the regular cast, including
Miss Cavalieri, Mr. Caruso and Mr. Scotti

ORDERS FOR BETTER TRANSIT.

Public Service Board Comes to the Ald of
Staten Island Theatregoers.

The Public Service Commission issued
final orders yesterday to the Staten Island
Rapid Transit Railroad Company and the
Staten Island Railroad Company, both of
which are steam roads.,

The commission orders the former com-
pany to equip the line with warning belle
atallcrossings. There are between twenty-
five and thirty crossings. The commission
directa further that gates and warning
signs be erected in some places. It orders
that adequate lamps be kept in all stations
and cars: also that the company run all trains
$0 as to connect with the municipal ferries.
The commission orders the company, too,
to abolish the smoke and noise nuisance
near Snug Harbor. The company has 1
freight yard there, and there is a hospital
near by.

The order against the Staten Island Rail-
road Company provides for an increase in
warning bells and signals and directa that
all trains shall be run to connect with the
ferries. The commission directa that an
extra train be run from Tottenville to St.
George early in the evening and that two
more trains shall be run at night from St.
George to Tottenville, one them after
the midnight boat. This will give the
Tottenville people a chance to have their
dinner at home and go ww the ,theatre.
Under the present schedule a theatregoer
from Tottenville had to leave home at 5
o'clock in the afternoon, and there were a

many kicks about it.

The commission also issued yesterday a
final order againat the New York City Inter-
borough Company in The Pronx, directing
it to reestablish service on the line » rena
from 155th atreet to Kingsbridge dge road. The
service on this road was discontinued several]
weeks ago, and the commission received
129 complaints.

A final order was issued also by the com-
mission to the New York City Railway Com-
pany and the receivers of that compan
Mrecting that the service on the EKight
avenue tine north of Thirteenth street be
increased. In the opinion of the com-
mission more cars ought to be run on Sun-
day and early in the morning and late at
night on week days. The increases ordered
range from 10 to! 50 per cent. The highest
increase ia for the early morning = the
after theatre crowds, The average increase
ordered is between 20 and 25 per cent.

a

DIVORCED FROM EMIL STERN.

Wife to Get 68,000 a Year and the Care
of the Three Children.

Justice McCall in the Supreme Court
signed an interlocutory decree yesterday
granting to Mrs. Meta L. Stern a diverce
from Fmil Stern of Stern & Stern, impor-
ters, 79 Fifth arene. Mrs. Stern is a
daughter of Dr. F. W. Litienthal. She mar-
ried Stern in Yonkers thirteen qeere ago,
and t have three children. Mrs. Stern
accuses her hushand of illicit relations with
an unknown woman at the Herald Square
Hote! last: summer.

tody of decree grants to Mra. Stern the cus-
t

of - three children, with alimony

ear for the support and main-

tae cae t herself ff and the children. Stern
see his children at a!! reasonable times
and map 5 have them with him for two days
eek and for a full week in summer,

ats they wish to stay with him, and on the

express condition that he wil) not take
them out of the jurisdiction.

 

 

WANT PAY FOR RBORINGS.

Cranford & We. Refuse to Go Ahead for
Water Board.

There is more trouble for the Board of

Water Supply. Cranford & Co., who have

the contract for making borings under

ood |

. L$ I

Hippodrome,

v., 204 & 44th
Eva.

Hot Spring s, Ark. offers to you—

ee pleasure, 5 winter climate, Government
mountain drives, roads, golf, four magnificent
hotels, 500 smaller hotels and boarding houses.

The U. S. Government owns the springs

and says they cure rheumatism, gout, neuralgia,
liver, kidney, stomach, skin and nervous trou-
bles. The baths are a sure restorative for
tired, over-worked or over-indulged systems.

Lowest Railroad Rates Ever in Effect.

Write Bureau o: Information, Hot Springs, for complete
illustrated book telling all about this wonder‘ul health-giving

Hse | ste | cARMIVAL,

eran
aoe
Rea" iss Baws oman

nuel wre orchestra of

aa gn and od Bias aaa aR Hn

OUR-hy AifredSucro.
AYR Fist

 

  

 

 

 

winter resort. Soke
For yy wae and yy call on or address: eiSMo Mate’ ran day. New Voore
WE Pacman, 6. ee! A nok Island. a. a6t Wrsndwes Now Goce Tiny. RING-CARR 2 The Gar iil
WACKEET $9,.5., 3. S0e vest

ii TCHING Jeon,

TH as Jack Broouneld
MAJESTIC Bn "way | Mate. D Is, Dal Diabo" i
& tn! to ? ont «

TOP O’ TH WORLO

Geo, Monror, Anna Laughlin. Is en ed e 7S oe.

Fields’ Weald Sq. fia" gaat

LEW FIELOS °

NATURAL

EN O’s

HEALTH-GIVING

EEUOUIT

 

 

 
 

    

SEE] TEREAN

MAY atineee Ne eat W

noar Bway.
ft ge ER hy ae ae

By Clytte Fiten «1 Coyne Gordon Lennos

   

REFRESHING

SALT

INVIGORATING

  
   

   

  
 
  

 
  

   

   

a lt i lm :
GARRICK 35th me ye or, inp B x vs a
of press ‘abitc

UNDER THE GREENW TAEE
Wortd--"Shoulg remain 6+ Garrick for many
Times Jerdict obviously favorable,”

Press —"Comedy brisk and. bubbling.”

       

‘| GYPSY ROYALTY'S HIGH CARDS |
12 CORILANDT S,

WITH PERHAPS A KNAVE or!
1.00 White Dress Shirts, 69c.

TWO AMONG THEM.

The Peerage, According ta Hoyle, in Court | | 2. 00 Fancy Shirts at I. 25
(Police) to Complain About Robbery | Finest Percale and Madras pleated
of Some Sum Like 840,000 or 88,000 | bosoms
or More or Less, Just as You Like.

     

 

      
     
  
 

mg ee =

   

KNICKERBOOKER, Bway and
Lv. 8:14. Mats. To- oe net “it ae alarh
victor Moore

ee TALK OFS ‘or. Sew ‘vorm.

wear ie wou

    
 

  
   
   
    
   
 
    
 

 

  

Barathea es

Royalties to the number of a dozen or LYCEUM THEA (iE, Bway & 45th.
more—very grimy, very tawdry, but very 4-in-Hands THE THIEF “s PALE bi pita ‘gas
real for all that-—appeared before Magis- | MARG
trate Walsh in the West Chester court yes- 49 mamas
terday to tell what they knew of the disap- : c
pearance of $8,000 and four silver chains MANTA SL TAM, x mins it, ee ath” Nay
from the pavilion of Queen Dora. The yel- | ee RS
lows had the lose $45,000, and it’s growing | worth $1 .00 Cc ae i Zeppi Maky Wenand,

) NIGHT, at & CARMEN, Mmes, Brese-
ter ‘ila w.1 Glaconia, MM. Dalmores, Crabbe,
Giibert. Aus. Dir., Campanint.

Sund. Eve.—Pop. Campaninti Concert, 8c.-#1. 58.
Soloists: Mmes, Agostinelll, de Cisneros,

\e ponent.» Morichini, Sigrist; MM.
Nidur, Crab!

NUNS Wek: ‘K—MON.— DON GIOVANNS.
Mmes, Russ, “epoilit, Jomeill: MM. Renaud,
Carauran, aaa iMdur.

KS. CVE. cial). New Vear's Fve.
CAVAL Lenn R ISTI@ANA and I incon -
AG . Pe. (7h. -83)—Mile. Rusa, G!

. Dalmores, Crabbe; MD i trae
Bassi, Sarnmarco, Crabbe vanint.

WhO. EVE, WHE MASK eal me.
Russ, de Claneros, Ze; petit: iM venatelio, Sem
marco, Arctmondi. us Dir, Cam int

yet, but onything over $°,000 or leas is stage
money and doesn’t count.

Two of thowe before the court were
queens. ne, Queer Dora, who heads the 0
house of Cruze, is mistress of a light and | Mercerized Pajamas 1.98 vatue 3 .00

airy castle in Spain equipped with every Madras Pajamas 149 = 2,00

sppurtenince to comfort and royalty that |
heart or imagination could desire; while | Cape & Suede Gloves, é. iS
| Imported Skins of 1.5) Quality.

the other. Queen Relle, traces her lineage
direct trom the union of King Cophetua |

and the beggar maid. But Queen Belle's | You can save much money if you
know where (0 shop.

Pla'n colors

 

           

   

   

 

    

   

  
 

5 =

2”

rm
=,
Eze
cs

   

   

 
 

   
  

   

   

intermediate ancestors long since lost the THURS. EVE.-—Pop. prices (Tic, $8.) --8 A
royal sway once exercised by her nth power © OF HOFFMANN. Mile. Zeppilil, de chaeron
great-erandfether, until to-day she leads! _ | AMUNEMENTS. nn. | | tconla: iam een
her family, now reduced to private life | THEATRE, 42d St TH-LOUISE, = Miss MARY GARDE!
under the name of Stanley, about the | NEW AMSTERDAM se Wt a ana te cnt eae a ete
: : : co WB Ais. tuday edt, 2:16. 2 zi ,
. n- SAT. MAT. -RIGOLETIO, yepolil.
country depending on the occupation i ENRY W. SAVAGE off ahaa, 0. and tae ee Oiitnart™ fn

   

    

 

   

mondi aie, pe Campanint,

SAT. NIGH ular artoea(y
ALLERIA. KU we and tra AY:
ACCE, Mile. Kuss, Dincnains

mareo, Crabbe. Mus, Dir,, tempat
Seats for all above now selling.

herited from the maternal side of the houre
to keep the royal exchequer in commission. |
At present writing, then, it may be pre-
sumed that $4,000 all in a bunch would look |
awful good to H. R. H. Queen Belle and her |

    
 

THE MERRY WIDOW

‘the Musical Sensation of 2 Continents, 7
Seats 6 Weeks Ahead. No Mall | Orders Filled.

BROADWAY THEATRE. Brwav & 4lst St

ives. 6:15. Mats. ‘To day & Wed

    
   

        
    

  

 

 
 
 

 

    
   

   
     

entourage. But whether she really was or | Bias yous CARNEGIE HALL. Dec. 28 @ Dec. 20.

was not mixed up in the rob is a matter | THE ROUND UP

still awaiting judicia! decision. As matters | J_ a Saikaatis

now stand. the affair is apt to prove a LIBER THEATRE. West 42d St. Or Ne ‘D omres ORCHEST: Conduoter
court scandal unequalled by any like cause Eves, 15, Mais. To-day & Wed. Walter D

célébre since the ve of Hearts was | MABEL TALIAFERRO

  

ja LHL RIC THOMPSON'S Production of

POLLY ciRcUS

by Margaret Mayo.
THEATRE dae Dally, 25 & We.
Eves. 25. 50, 750. & 61.

    

   

disgraced for larceny from the Royal stores. |
Never since that time have crow heads |
been so nearly concerned with proceedings
of the criminal courts.

The whole trouble arose from Queen
Dora’s attempt to unite the succession to
the Romany Kingdom of Camp Blanco,
known to us New Yorkers as White Plains,
which ia at mt held in a divided suze-
a by the two h of Cruze and |

To this end contracted with
Queen Belle for a marriage between H. R. H. |

     

LULA

Tesigit To-patrow - Swi ArT.
Prog ram ectedes Lisat's Faust
irene ‘Ome, 1 We sath wand we Bom eee,

ORATORIO aT

humann
Frank sen ore

  
  

     

 

Handcuff Wonder

 

janikina.

 

incl. Jewel's

 

     
       
   
        
   

      
     
     
       
       
 

homas, heir apparent to the throne of the ra *TERNOON =
Cruzes, with the Pri Princess Bess, who was NOTE: ps Riay. paienciite of Mme. This Aft, |
next in line to the Stanley throne. Prince | J Sembrich the opera for this afternoon will be 6
Tom's dot of $1,500, which as to be paid | fenestrae ek a DL we ee coal chomet
Ss parente of Pringese Boas on the Tecebt, Begue, Muhimann, Dufriche.’ Cond., Soloists: ) | as Margaret ne mr. ssian

* ‘errart. Bi
and with it $6,500 more, which Queen Dora Sat. Eve. poo. prices, ats-- MEFISTOFELE Tickets at Office, tw. aa : and at Box Ofte.
Gee valegs Tet ® veges Pocazen ve Buenos | 9 Ears. feet ond. Ferrari. Challapine. fone ACADEMY lic sic. & us PL
Ayres. Then they all went over to the Sen rices, at 8:30
Siontey pan to view the bride, leaving GRAND SU Nia Niel conch Kets. kast (The
Princes Bud and Dick Stanley as seneschals Soloists: Mies. Warrar, Kirkby -Lunn: MM.
of the Cruze t ae I eae, * an tear. Sane eeerh Opera House eek
Ore’ ra. Conductor. r vy.

When ,they got k the Princes had | Sine. Rive. Dec. Sh 0s 6-EOCR. Ene toa "Lio cae RAN
disappeared, and so had the right royal Names, Jacoty: Caruso, Scotti, Lucas, Karrochi,
funds, as the complaint goes. he civil | ehureicne, Cond., Ferrari,
arm was called upon, and it jailed nine scions 1 ot Brn Jan ee Weas _—
of the Stanley persuasion, on the char; ssou.br. =n, Retap, Mishimann. Conductor, Wn Wt Misi OSE 8 RAN

   

Popwar Prices

Gustav Mahler (debut). tw Now: = Saie.

       

     

for lack of a better one--of being suspicious

  
 

   

 

        
     
   

 

rsona. They are: His Cirace Gus, Prince hare. Evg.. Jan. 2, at §- MADAMA BUT- THEAT

et Pelham and male head of the house of THF. iy eran Jacoby: Caruso. Seraceiani, l ° ‘in Rae Ras av.
Stanley; William, Count of Kingsbridge; Fri. Eva. Jan. 8. ot 8M. Bal ERE Dt MAY RO agai saad
Mitchell, Duke of Vernon, and aix others, SIV AGLEA. | Sembrich: ait ge pane. aah ine

. Bar . C errar w & iad
whose geneak Fae el ae Geen WEARER PIANO USE. BIJOU fk =a oaeeetia
of of Tram arene Azim BENS

Walsh remanded them all yesterday Moy

dudge
for caumination to-day.

ITO SHOW | Feuuntrsapeilte
PARIS AUTO SHOW | usenet:

os sovounees Op ee ig od ey

auto-

Madison $4. Garden| uieae TOMIONES fs
adison arden|| CIRCLE Ben seas rans

Music by RB. Band
FINE ARTS GALLERIES '

NATIONAL

215 WEST 57th st. |

 

 
 
  

8:t%

‘YORKE & ADAMS "3c"

BELASGO 2."'208, | Fre atys

   

‘
1 tat, Ti
secant DEG, 14 to JAN, it | comer | ee War o- Any Jan Nanets.
nelusive. om eke dee

10 A. M. to 6 P. a. i 8 BAvID IMT Woes ssh oa
‘OFD Eves § to 10 P, j mri stu To an “sees ~
| OPES tt ITION 1907-8 Dane ces
|
WERKELEY PE" ee Besa | aaa SMEN’
N WEEKS. a
‘DALY 60.'¢ oe or ae

Le ua, ND x.

BISP wAM” cokers AiDEN
| SISERS

es a a day.

‘EDEWEY «Scares

eats Relling at Box Office, Box © » special Champion Burns. Muir F
©.125th.Ladies’ Mat. Tp-day

BINS - AOOTHAM = ire

rectal -Chamris Burs Molr Fieh

Ready to take your order |
for immediate service.
Dinner jackets eeperately, |

$16 to $30.

E d ts, $28 to| ES A TANGUAY, Jan J. Morton. Fell: fa ary | eran BAN 4) Bes Mote
svening dress suits, - fo. Wil Ke Rogers and ° Fone 4) WEST END Use He kad in | Mae To day
Continuation of Looe Psteten 6: fthe Attes % & We.

$70.

(ms |
TOMMY BURNS-GUNNER MOIR I FiGRT. Next Weeh-—RONTEA In Wine Wotan & Song.

 
      
   
  

 

 

 

the Hudson for the rpose of ascer- i ND ewe nenerane
taining where a crossing may be made Fur lined overcoats to wear Blaney’s ». Pita OBA BETMRR as ane Pass be gine’ awona's 6 ov The Orchid
with t — Catekill aqueduct. have ante over them, $75 to $400. nargaln N MATS. te Boy AND eat Week — fase, rer
city. Gomaptrlier “Sot ida have the | All the furnishings, hats and | xb Next wren. =e Teppy Y BEARS nest Nea Mant
face to pay them. shoes that go with them. ’ Av. | So Marke Concerts Sun Mat Sneet the
This aol | pomatanted beck in 1905, and PASTOR SS‘ CoNTINGor ee EDEe pan + Ww
in “yet whore they are certaina|  Roocers, Peer & Company. | UNA CLa Las JUNOT i) oan iS cine ty
penne © en Eee San eae ee ee 2 OGERS, oa MORAN CO. __ MATINEE TO. O-DAY. eter

said to be the third company that has tried
to make the borings.

Family of Five Die in Borning Home.
Warurrown, Mass., Dec, 27,—John Clark,
his wife anc their three children were killed

in | by cutccstion in a fire which destroyed their

  
 

Three Broadway Stores. ALLAC K’S.B’ aunn.
258 = - A iene pe na tn Mew rea
, ‘aughter. Telegram

Werven st. 13cm at. . and st. Tianna

Matinee Daily. a

 

      
 

 

4

& 2

seer