7

ie

/) SUFFERS A SECOND ACUTE
Phy

oa.

ae. A
i Y ‘ t

, a g ° Ye i" t) i + ea. hs 1, ‘es “ me - Mi
POY ree mth Le oo we : yah ng ue as, al ae ‘eh 47] mat wee 2 ae Ks baa? , a
if! y . x <b ~ Ay t J ° x a, j ef rod byt : " yo
5 : ye = irae , , . i f
p pO Nes. oan) Be ee RS Pak eet Be
. rs no, ake Py P q 4 a .
- ye Sa
. "saa a A “y
ne ry . - ‘
oo ad

| HARRIMAN DANGEROUSLY ILL

Pr.

oa

ies

Pt

re.
ais
ie

they have been greatly disturbed ever
‘since Mr. Harriman had his relapse last
Sunday.

man’s pluck and his strong wil] are enough

4
Pee

|. Mr. Harriman is the victim often has

i

 
   
   
 
   
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  

oe ey .
S

   
   
  
   
   
 
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
   

'. Sarriman suffered to-day a second at-

i

ne

  

:

ok

ie

ma
ee:

«

re" te
| wWemark before he learned authoritatively

¢

 

*.

E

 

er

 

_ tack of indigestion fully as severe as that
"which sapped his strength last Sunday.

  

| Nothing fuller or more authoritative was
he @aid, yet it was generally understood

/ one of his clos® associates that there was

) would
direction of affairs on hie own shoulders.
' The situation to-night

‘balance. One of his oldest friends, who
“thas been in touch with Arden House,
_Sonstantly during Mr.
_ Rees, said to-day that Mr. Harriman
“was dangerously ill and that Dr. W. G.
-Igie, Mr. Harriman’s personal

he said, “and Pr. Lyle admits it. The! therefore alterative and laxative in their

mighty serious consequences even when
“the patient is otherwise in good health.
_ Inthe case of a man who has been weak-

» the situation is now, and I don't want to

)make any gloomy prophecies, but
geems difficult to avoid grave conse-

' fan’s case say that it is a peculiar form

absolute rest.”
' Those who came down from Arden House
- to-day said that the demeanor of the
family was

to his condition. Reports of a varying

“agreed that the family looked upon Mr.

 

* VOL. LXXVII.—NO, 8,

 

opening of the New York market ranged
from 1 to 4 points below Friday's close
on this side and in the case of Union
Pacific went 454 below.

The New York Stock Exchange opened
accordingly with a general recession
in which Erie, St. Paul, Great Northern
and Amalgamated Copper went a point
under Friday's close; Reading, Northern
Pacific and Steel common, 1% points;
New York Central, 2%; Atchison, 13¢;
Baltimore and Ohio, 2%, and Southern
Pacific, 33%. Union Pacific opened with
6,800 shares on a running quotation of
197-198%. The preferred, however, lost
only a point.

For the most part, however, the opening
prices were the lowest of the day,and after
the first half hour's trading the market
drifted into a state of extreme dulness
and transactions amounted to only about
75,000 shares more than on Friday, when
the market, confronted by a three days
holiday, was inactive.

Bulletins of Mr. Harriman's condition
were anxiously waited for, but none came
from his offices in this city. It was de-
clared in general terms that Mr. Harri-
man is greatly improved and doing well,
but the text of the messages Trom Arden
was not made public. The regular meet-
ings of Union and Southern Pacific were
held, but it was announced that only
routine business was transacted. Judge
Lovett went to Arden early in the after-
noon.

An intimate friend of Mr. Harriman
made a statement yesterday with refer-
ence to. Mr. Harriman’s ilinees. He said
that last year there developed a diffioulty
at the point where the stomach enters the
intestines, which was sometimes rheuma-
tism and sometimes indigestion. This
friend added:

“Mr. Harriman under the advice of
his physician went to San Antonio and
camped near the hot wells that are
reason located there. He was under the care
Se bettove thet he made bij of Dr. Graves, a well known aan.
1 These wells have a temperature of about
that Mr. Harriman had suffered a relapse. {110 degrees Fahrenheit and are strongly
‘“Mr. Harriman is dangerously ii!,”|impregnated with sulphur. They are

AUTO MISHAP KILLS R. L. FOX!

,

JOLTED OUT OF HIS CAR ON
WAY TO SEF EX-GOV. ODELL.

 

 

ATTACK OF INDIGESTION.

 

 

Pamily and Friends Are Alarmed Over
His Condition—Stricken as He Was
Recovering From the Relapse of
Last Sunday—Stecks Break Sharply.

Turner, N. Y., Sept. 7.—Edward H.

Steed Up tn Car Near Vails Gate te Pot
en His Overceat--Driver Turned Gut
for Another Car and Cel. Fex Feil
~—Died Before Reaching Hespital.

i

Newsvron, N. Y., Sept. 7.—Col. Reuben |
L. Fox, ex-seoretary of the Republican |
State committee, met with death in a
singular accident about a mile south
of Vaile Gate between 5 and 6 o'clock this
evening.

Col. Fox came to Newburgh in his
automobile to call on ex-Gov. B. B.
Odell, Jr., at the latte?’s residence on
Liberty. street. He was told Mr Odell
was at Mr. Harriman’s residence at Arden,
whither he had been called by Mr. Harri-
man. Col. Fox then started for New York.
taking the State road that goes through
Vaile Gate, Central Valley, Highland
Mills, Arden and Tuxedo, and it was sup-
posed that he would stop to gee Mr. Odell
at Mr. Harriman's.

When nearing Orrs Milla, just south
of Vails Gate, Col. Fox's car met a car
coming north filled with Mr. Hanchette
and a party, most of them ladies, from
Orange, N. J. As Col. Fox's driver
slowed up and turned out to pass the
Orange pariy he stood up in his car to
put on his overcoat. The oars{did not
collide, but Col. Fox in some way lost
his balance and toppled head firat to the
ground. It is supposed the car struck
some sort of an obstruction and gave a
lurch that threw him out.

Mr. Fox was conscious and word was
sent to Gov. Odell’s home, and his son,
Bryant Odell, immediately started in a
touring car, taking Dr. Thomas F. Burke
of this city with him. They made quick
: time to the scene of the accident and

“In deeling with the case it was im- | found Col. Fox lying on the ground when
portant that Mr. Harriman should avoid] they arrived. Dr. Burke found that the
nervous excitement, pad wtncny as of | skull was not fractured, but that a severe
San Antonio seemed cularly favor- | .. ne
able. He improved greatly while there re mod enn mage ons 9 bent

and felt well enough to go on to the Pacific
Coast, but he could not avoid the strain) ol. Fox was placed in the Odell car
and Dr. Burke started for St. Luke's

attendant upon his enormous business
Besri's: in this city. Mr. Fox was
dealized

There is no doubt here to-night that
Mr. Harriman is dangerously ill. No de-
taille were made known at Arden House,
but the news comes from a source which
eannot be questioned.

Early in the day it was given out offi-
@lally that Mr. Harriman was improving.

that Mr. Harriman was recovering pluck-
fly from the acute attack which he suffered
two days ago. Indeed it was said by

fall expectation in the Union Pacific
offices New York that Mr. Harriman
to work again and bear the
is entirely
@hanged. Mr. Harriman’s life is in the
Harriman’s ill-

physi-
acquiesced inthatstat6ment. There}

 
 

nature, and perhaps the best in this coun-

family distinct larmed:
=" oe try for an ailment such as Mr. Harriman

indeed

1 believe, however, that the
jo carry him through the crisis.

“I think he will ultimately, recover.
But acute indigestion of the sort of which

interests.
“Then when he returned to New York conscious part of the way and

his physician concluded that it would | that he-was seriously injured. He asked
be best for him to go abroad to Bed Gas-|the doctor if he was going to die. As
tein. This he did, accompanied by Dr.|they neared the hospital he became
Lyle. At Bad Gastein things went very | weaker and died just as he was being
well save that Mr. Harriman lost weight | carried into that-institution, .

rapidly, and at the end of the treatment} Mr. Fox was secretary of the Republi-
this man, who at best is very frail,weighed | can State committee for many years.’ As
ten pounds less than he did at the be-|4@ young man he was known to Rosdve

ened repeatedly with attacks of so serious
@ nature as those which have assailed
Mr. Harriman the result may be dif-
ferent.

“Of. course I don't know exactly what

quences. ginning. He then went to Vienna, where | Conkling, although: moat of his- political
“Just before Mr. Harriman’s trip to the | he wes examined by Dr,-Kovek, the most | leanings in his earlier were anti-
andthe Pacific Coast las!|eminent diagnostician )in Europe, He Sti later he taken

there developed a difficulty at the
point where the intestines leave the
stomach—the cwcum, I think it is called
the physicians. Sometimes this trou-
is called a rheumatic knot, sometimes
rheumatism and sometimes simply indi-
-. Physicians who have examined
. Harriman and diagnosed Mr. Harri-

 

“About this time some people in ‘
Street took advantage of Mr. Harriman’s | Who sucdeeded Conkling and Piatt in the
absence and made a raid on his property, | United States Senate | their memor.
and, assuming that his career was over, | able quarrel with and Blaine.
even announced the name of his successor.| Eventually Mr. Fot landed perms~
Doctors Lyle and Kovak, after considering | nently in the Platt camp, where he re-
the matter thoroughly, felt that the best | mained for many years When Gov.
thing for Mr. Harriman to do wasto return | Odell began the movement tb unseat
ta the United States. It was all very well | Platt as leader of thé Republican party
to tell him to Jet his business alone, but | in the State Mr. Fox with Mr.
4,000 miles away, with his enemies strug- | Odell. and in that period of contention
gling tojunhorse him, this was impossible. and bitterness Mr. Fox was one of Mr.
found that there was no | Odell’s strongest’ allies and supporters.
,and| There were more quarrels during that
they thought that if he came back to the | time than can be recorded here. but with
United States and went to Arden he would | the dethronement of Mr. Odell as Gov-
be in intimate touch with his affairs; he|ermor and State chairman Mr. Fox was
would be given food which would be much | retired as secretary of the State com-
more to his liking and at his isolated home | mittee. ;
could be free from interruption. At the Mr, Fox was a shrewd investor in the
same time Dr. Kovak suggested that financial world and was counted as a
there were eminent surgeons and diagnos- | Close friend of Edward H Harriman.
ticians in this country who could be con- | Several years ago Mr. Fox became a
sulted. widower. His married life was ideal.

“Acting upon this advice Mr. Harri-| He was sorely grieved over the death
man returned. The voyage was not a/| 0° his wife, and in her memory built a
good one and he suffered from seasick- well equipped hospital at Oneonta, Mr.
ness. The nausea was not a good thing| Fox's boyhood home. For many years
for him, and he arrived in New York Mr. Fox lived at the Fifth Avenue Hotel,
very weak, but with tremendous courage. | but after his wife's death he had apart-
He went out to Arden and a little later | ments at the Plaza, and took up motoring
Doctors Janeway of New York and Crile |%5 80 outdoor exercise.
of Cleveland went there. Mr. Fox was wealthy. More than a

“After an investigation they confirmed | decade ago he organized a bureau in
Dr Kovak's view that it was unwise to| Albany for the dissemination of news
operate at once and that the best results|‘ Corporations, this news taking the
could be obtained by preserving quiet |*@pe of daily information to corpora-
and avoiding business anxieties as much | tions throughout the State concerning
as possible. Later Mr. Harriman con- the progress of bills affecting their inter-
cluded to go back to the San Antonio hot ests. Mr. Fox had charge of the Republi-

wells, and last week he made arrange- | °2" delegates of the State to the national
ments with Dr. Graves to do 80 as soon ag | COnventions of 1888, 1882, 1806, 1900 and

he was able. Later he had Dr. Frank | !®4, and in matters of detail and execu-
Billings of Chicago come on and diagnose | tion he was most competent. The rank
the case. Dr. Billings confirmed all the | #24 file of the party workers of the State
physicians that had preceded him. The | 2©Ver forgave him for deserting at the

has erucial moment Mr. Ptatt.
rumor that epithelioma developed is "Col. Fox was ag re —

indigestion.
form of Indigestion at times be-
acute. A patient who is
t kind of a difficulty is
The attack last, Sun-
instance in point. It left Mr.
very weak. Up to now he has
improvement. He is in such a
as. to need careful nursing and

pretty serious. Mr. Marri-
himeelf was not in evidence all day
nobody had a bright word to say as

Itered down into Arden and
but they differed from one an-
in the degree of ilmess which
bed to Mr. Harriman. They
as being in almost critical
Young Roland Harriman came down
to Arden in a motor car not long before
asked him how his

Somebody
was.

i
a

in an attempt to verify or con-
therunior, but the man who answered
call was not communicative. He said
the truth could be learned at the

&

 

Union Pacific. offices in N York in th /
morning. upthecaetend pesieeee—~ . Chenango oo, = Y., the son of H.
The inference which was drawn com-| HENRY L. MUNRO HuRT, |824 Sally Fox. education was re-
pelied his return to the conversation creengueme ceived at Cazenovia Seminary. His wife,
ome minutes later. Late Publisher's Son in Aute Accident | Aurelia Osborn of Oneonta, N. Y., died
“Mr, Harriman is alive,” he said, “but Near Middletown. about ten years ago. He leaves no chil-

feyF

gSG8

tft

dren or immediate relatives.

"t tell you any more about it.” His
manner indicated that no crisis was im-
> The last news from Arden
to-night showed that the family

Carol Harriman and Dr. Lyle were look-

‘at photographs together and Mrs.
was ng.

Nobody seemed particularly alarmed.

was declared that Dr. Lyle was the

physician in attendance and that

Was not need for a special bulletin

Rep Bank, N. J., Sept. 7.— While speed-

. Munro, the late publisher,

and his nephew, Pierson Goodspeed, a director of the Central Hudson Trans-

were thrown from the car and seriously | Portstion Company, the T. F. Marvell Ship-
injured when a rear tire burst and the building Company and National Electric

machine skidded into a ditch at Headdens ee ae aa oft ogee

Corner. ° rtillery
Edward Sanger, the chauffeur, who was tee Lean eae te York Infantry, —

arving te crear muy. Munte| Oneonta clube, "Funeral services wil

whow ’ 2 :

to the nd and sustained two Me be held at his former home in Oneonta

tured ribs and a deep scalp wound. Good- | on Friday

ree eeeaiheaneoth Tas tedernl anes
tions a it mouth. e inju: 7 N EA!
ations ae. ci ee me RERC IN STEAMSHIP LANE,
Adriatic Passed a Stray One Drifting
Dewn From the North.

ferty’s office in Red Bank, where their in-
The White Star liner Adriatic, which

juries were treated. ey were later

taken home. The machine was partly
wrecked.
—— is due here this evening, sent a wireless
NEW GRAND JURIES message to this port yesterday for the
apes benefit of liners eas

Sworn in With a Warning Not to Be Used! passed on Goneiy dbeon tae ante aaa

as a Debt Collecting Agency. of Cape Race and south of the of

The morning and afternoon Grand| westbound steamships « stray

Juries for September were sworn in| about 600 foet long drifting down into

yesterday by Judge Malone in General) the eastbound course.

Sessions. William H. . a ar
goods merchant of 208 Host Roventiong
greet, is foreman of the morn

o

Lovett left the Union Pacific
ly in the afternoon for Arden
ith the assurance that he would
at his desk in the morning.

took a late express train which
officials had stopped especially for
at Arden station. They would not
they were. They said they had
rden House, but they refused to
any manner whatsoever Mr.
‘es condition. Their demeanor

 

i
a

z
f

j
i

$

&
>

|

‘
i
:
:

 

i

E. H. Harriman had
brought on by an at-
tion was followed
in the stock market
decline began Monday
curb market, which re-
selling orders from this side,
orders were in such vol-
it was impossible to fil] many
The movement continued on
of the London Exchange
the “decline before. the

fi
i

This is unusual at this ‘season.

ta means that steamships going both
Si T. Zabruskie of 68 Weet and west will have to keep a sharp

‘orty-
seventh atreet the afternoon ,| Out for ice, which it was supposed
In his charge to the Jurors Judge Malone ceased coming down into the

warned ther a.ca nat allowing t office | prescribed northern track.
DIAMOND
Sn. eae

:

i

q
*

if
it
itt?

Ej

to be used in the collection of bad debts.

 

f

U

ry A WHITE PERFECT DROP

Special trips for Rupee r Fy tren SAG 2A carats; very brilliant, Worth
Pageants by HUDSON RIVER DA oter. Perry

Steamers. Sead for schedule.—Age. — t. Prive ° “7

1

—

|

‘

X
‘

yet
Ph AR ogy
ached ee

ie
ie id ewes

‘ “
hid Oa eal
j a ye BAG Nf

wae

SB ‘
hoy ae a) BM wen,
Ve, ye Ais xi

 

 

 

TWO FLY AND FALL TO DEATH.
Qeneeteee

Le Pebvre Plunges te Earth at Juvisy
—New Machine Fatal te Peeal.
Special Cadi Despatches to Tas Son.

Pan, Sept. 7.—M. Lefebvre, who dis-
tinguished himself by his manipulation
of a Wright biplane at the Reims avia- Capt. Bartlett Sends Wirciess Wessage
tion meeting, met death this evening at | to His Mether and Pele Discoverer

Juvisy when testing a new Wright m ¢' Congratulates Newfoundiand on Her

chine om behalf of the Aerial Company,| Fine Seamen—Tetegraph Changes.

which acts as 4 selling agent for the; gy Joun's, N. F., via Norra SYpner,

Wright machines in France. Michel|c, B., Sept. 7..+Commander Peary was

Clemenceau, son of the ex-Premier, is | still at Indian Harbor, Labrador, at 9

the leading agent of the company, &nd | o’elook to-night, accarding to wireless

was present when the accident occurred. | despatches from that point reliyed to

Lefebvre after testing one machine | §. John’s through Cape Ray. It is not
took out a new one for a trial tip, a8 waa! yet certain when he will sail thence with
necessary before the company would | the Roosevelt.

accept it for sale. wind was very/ Ag it is more than 600 miles down the

light, not eight miles an hour. Before} ooast to Chateau Bay or Red Bay, twenty

starting the machine was minutely ©x- | mijes from Chateau Bay, where the near-
amined and everything, was tested. est telegraph, station is situated, it is

For two minutes it flew at a height of | likely to be two or even three days before
about ten yards, when to the horror of the the expedition and ite leader are iu direct
few present it was seen to dive toward the | oommurtication with the outside world.

Roe eee ith its|. Only driblets of information came

through to-day. Among the messages

front part dug deeply into the ground.
Lefebvre was found among the débris on | was one from Capt. Bartlett to his mother,
who lives in Brigus. It sim) stated

his back, his feet against the motor and
that the expedition had been ul

his head under a mass of broken wood.
He was unconscious. He was tratisported ¢ the Roosevelt had met
to the hospital connected with the Juvisy oo dehias comet ee a aoe aed
Jeanie, the Roosevelt's tender, is ufider

aerodrome, but died s20n afterward.
Those present are unable to account for

the accident. They believe it was not |command of Capt. Sam Bartlett, his

due to the ae, at —_ aay = father.

propellers continued to revolve as the There c

aeroplane dived downward. Michel i td nyed ee or

foundland, Sir Ralph Williams. It read:

“I have found the pole. Capt. Bartlett

Clemenceau gays it certainly was not due
to any imprudeace on the part of Le

and his men are all returning in good
health. I congratulate you and New-

febvre, for he never seemed so cautious.
Perhaps the wires commanding the steer-
ing rudder broke or those attached to
foundland for them.”
The Governor replied:
"Ci Peary, Indian Harbor:

the elevating rudder.
The heroplane was completely demol-
ished, but gendarmes immediately sur-
rounded it and prevented any one from
touching it, with a view to an inquiry “On behalf of the Goverment and people
later. of Newfoundland as well as myself per-
I comgratulate you on the success
of your expedition Apart from tthe
value of your discovery in the interest of
science and civilization, it will be es-

Lefébvre was 29 years oki. He held
an engineer's diploma from Lille. He

pecially gratifying to Newfoundland that
the expedition should have cap-

taught himself to fly the Wright machine
in Holland. He was fourth in the speed
tained and crewed by Newf
“WILLiaMs.”

race at Reims, fourt’: in the race for the
international cup and second Im the pas-
eenger race.
He fined twenty france at Reims
for gi an exhibition of weer ae
Sobeusins. euuctbaaed endangered the| !t is expected here that Peary wi ll go
to Sydney, Cape Breton, for coal, as he
did upon his return from his former
expedition.
It is reported here that the date given
by Peary of his reaching the pole is April 6
of this year, but no statement has come

other competitors.
M1.an, Sept. 7.—While Signor Poesi, an

regarding it direct from the expedition to

Newfoundland.

aviator, was testing an apparatus of his
Haurrax, N. 8., Sept. 7.—Commander

‘PRARY AT INDIAN HARBO

|THE ROOSEVELT DELAYS \uer
START FOR SYDNEY, N. 8.

 

|

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

own invention to-day the machine tell
from a height of twenty yards. Possi
was killed and a passenger with him was
injured.

GOVERNOR POST RESIGNS. .

President Tart Said to Have Picked New

 

 

werner ter Berta Rico. Robert E. Peary was in error when he said
' Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sux. .. }thet be sould tranggoit. the story. of
Sar Joey, F a meee. 1.—G eae discovery of the pole to-day from
announces , placed Chateau Labrador.
nation ih the hands of Predi dent Beg, ae Wen. A

aware of changes that had taken place
sinice he went north fourteen months ago.

There is no telégraph office there and
has not been forsome time. Chateau Bay
was formerly the eastern terminus of the
Dominion Government's telegraph line
that rune for 0 miles or more from the
dity of Quebec to this point on the Labra-
dor coast. :

Peary will therefore, after calling at
Chateau Bay and finding the telegraph
office closed, be obliged to rush on to Red
Bay, twenty-five miles further west, at the
entrance to the Strait of Belle Isle, or he
may proceed still further west to Fortreau
Bay or Blanc Sablon, where operators are
stationed. .

Peary, it is expected, will continue on
to Sydney, C. B., before he lands.

— —

and that he is teady to ida ve the island,
It is reported that his succéssor hag already
been selected, but Mr. Taft will mot make
his nagne public until the return ef Beore-
tary of War Dickinson and Gen.
chief of the: bureau of insular affairs,
from theit visit to: Porto Rico y 6x-
pect to eail from San Juan on ber 15.
Labor Day wae celebrated in all the big
towns of the ieland with parades... A mag
meeting was he'd here last night. Gov.
Post and Mayor |); Valle made addré sses.

 

CUSTOMS MEN MORE DISCREET.

Voyagcrs Allowed (to Leave Piers Witheut
ihe Usual Annoyances.

The customs watchmen at the gates
of the piers of three big liners that ar-
rived yesterday acted with more discre-
tion’ than they have manifested at times
before in the examination of the baggage
of passengers passing through to liberty.

There were no holdups and no search-
ing of satchels or feeling of pockets.
This might have been due in a measure
to the a of an overseeing official
at the gates.’ It was said at the Custom
House that there was no intent to annoy
voyagers and that it was believed that
passengers as a rule would not object to
strict inspection, but would object to
discrimination, and if all were treated
alike all would be satisfied. The feeling
of pockets was not an innovation, but
had been done frequently before. a

The Collector has asked the Surveyor
to make an investigation of newspaper
about the holding up of women

 

 

HARRY LL. MEDLAR KILLED.

 

Eoa Harpor, N. J., Sept. 7.—Harry L.
Medlar of 1818 Mount Vernon street, a
member of the A. J. Medlar Biscuit Com-
pany of Philadelphia, was killed near here
to-night, when the automobile in which
he was riding left the roadway and dashed
into the woods over a hundred feet, strik-
ing a large pine tree. The machine
through the compact turned turtle, throw-
ing young Medlar against the tree and
breaking his neck.

The accident occurred at the village of
German‘a, about two miles below this
city, and in the same place where a similar
accident. ccourred recently. The party,
consisting of W. J. Spangel of 242 North
Broad str et, Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs.
Harry L. Mediar and the chauffeur, Harry
Greenwood, left Atlantic City this eve-
ning to go to Philadelphia in Mr.

‘scar. A sudden puff of wind took off
Mr. Médiar’s hat and as he raised up to
grab it the chauffeur quickly the
brakes. The car skidded, and the —_
lost control of the steering gear at the
critical moment.

In an instant the machine left the road
and brought up against the pine tree.

Thé chauffeur, who was not hurt, re-
turned to the roadway and stopped a
passing auto, put Mr. Medlar and the
ladies-in the car and took them to the
otel. 7
and

it would be seen that was justi-
fication in the strict seagphing inaugurated
under Collector Loeb’s administration

RRAGANZA-STEWART BRIDAL.
Bride Witt

 

@nly Enjey Independent Rank
fer a Few Minutes.
_Spectal Cable Despatch to TAR Sun.

Lonvow, Sept. 7.—The patent issued
by the Emperor Francis Joseph confer-
ring on Miss Anita Stewart, who will
shortly marry Prince Miguel of Braganza,
the rank of Princess of the Austrian
Empire in her own rank will be handed
to her by the Roman Gatholic Bishop of
Aberdeen in the humble little chapel
where the marriage will be solemnized.
She will enter the chapel as Anita Stew-
art and will leave as Princess Anita of

Dr. Frank of Egg Har-
but when they arrived

Braganza. :

Mise Stewart\and her mother returned
this evening to Tulloch Castle from Paris,
whither they went to purchase the trous-
geau of the bride-elect. Prince Miguel,
who has just returned from Austria,
joined them at the castle.

The whole countryside is agitated by
the approaching wedding. There will
be a large crowds present and there will
be typical Highland festivities. The
Arohduchess Maria Theresa and the
Arohduochess Annunciata, Prince Miguel's
aunt and cousin, will arrive shortly.
= be guests of Mrs. Smith at the

Mediar does not know that her
is dead. She was taken to

late to-night. The other
bers of the party escaped with slight

 

Wiretess Operators’ Union.

ork of the Commercial Teleg-
Union, said yesterday that she
| will attend the national convention of

| New ¥
E —_—_—_———————
Mount Akutan in Eruption,

 

 

+NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, ~“19OB;—Covyrions, 1900, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

  
  
 
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
  

Miss Hilda Svensen, secretary of the! tokens and were

 

Re

Pair to-day

 

MRS. COOK IN NEW
cee ee
Explorer's Wife Arrives From Portland

—Met by Mrs. Davidson.

Mrs. Cook, wife of the explorer, came
down from Portland, Me., yesterday,
reaching New York last night.

She was met by Mrs. R. T. Davidson of
698 Bushwick avenue, Brooklyn, the
friend with whom Mrs. Cook has spent
much of the time during the absence of
her husband.

Mrs. Davidson had not returned to her
home at an early hour this morning.

aniheeeainenegennenemaemnian

MRS. PEARY PACKING UP.

Making Preparations to Ge te Sydney to
Meet Her Husband.

PortLanD, Me., Sept. 7.—Mrs Robert
E. Peary spent all her spare time to-day
in packing trunks at her summer home
at Eagle Island preparatory to leaving
for Sydney to meet Commander Peary,
and it is probable that the little cottage
on the bluff may be deserted by to-mor-

YORK.

It was a day of suspense for the Peary
family, for they were looking for further

to-morrow and she wants to be in readi-
ness to leave as soon as the message
arrives.

+ Herbert L. Bridgman of New York to-
day telegraphed that. he would arrive in
Portland to-morrow night and wanted
Mrs. Peary to meet him there and go on
to Sydney, but she prefers to wait until
she hears from Commander Peary.

CHAUFFEUR TQ WORKHOUSE.

a Oe
Maniey Geté © Months From Magistrate
Cernell-- Warning Others 2

Thomas Manley, a chauffeur employed
by the New York Transportation Com-
pany, was sent to the workhouse yester-
day for six months by Magistrate Cornell
in the Yorkville police court %6r reckless
driving while intoxicated. In addition
Manley was held under $500 bail for trial
on the charge of having no chauffeur’s
license. €

The defendant was arrested early on
and Madison avenue by Policeman

“| Pennington after he had collided witha

trolley car. In passing sentence upon
Manley Magistrate Cornell served warning
upon all other reckless drivers that they
would meet a aimilar fate if brought
before him.

STEPHEN PHILUIPS BANKRUPT.

British Poet and Dramatist Too Poor
te Buy s Raliway Ticket.

 

 

His abbence was officially explained as
being due to hit circumstances, which
Were so straitened that he had not the
price of a railway ticket from Brighton,
where he is living, to London.

EATON’S DOG PAINTED GREEN.
International Eptsede in Mexico Settied
by Payment of a 625 Fine.

Oaxaca, Mexico, Sept. 7.—The case of
J. M. Eaton, the American assayer who

 

‘hurt the feelings of the Mexicans here by

ordering his mozo to
‘and green, but
of producing
without re-
employed were
banner. He expressed
regret at his act and paid the fine without

mozo and the dog, also under
arrest, were discharged, the dog being
painted green all over to obliterate the
offending decoretive scheme.

WANT NEW COLOR SCHEME.

Postal Clerks Ask Uncie Sam to Change
His Stampe.

Artantic Ciry,: N. J., Sept. 7,—The
Government is to be asked to change
several denominations of stamps so that
poatal clerks may more easily tell the
difference between the several stamp
values at a glance. A resolution asking
for the was presented at the
eeasion of the National Postal Clerks As-
sociation to-day.

According to the expert clerks the one
and eight cent stamps, the five and
fifteen cent stamps and the six and ten
cent atamps are so near alike in color
that a clerk handling thousands of let-
lers is unable to tell the difference without
close examination. The change is urged
to allow the handlers of mail to discrimi-
nate by colors easily and without halting
their work.

MURDEROUS COUPLE DEAD.

—_————-—

Vere St, Leger Geold, of Mente Carico
Butchery Fame, Follows Hie Mife.
Svecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Sept. 7.—Vere St. Leger Gooid,
who with his wife was convicted at Monte
Carlo in 1907 of the murder of Emma
Levin in order to obtain her jewelry, is
dead at Cayenne, whither he was trans-
ported for life after his sentence of death

SS

him, died at Cayenne in July, 1908, from
typhoid fever.

a
Wireless Operater Eceies Buried.

 

 

Prizes for Girls Who Take Boys to Sunday
school

San Franciaco, Sept. 7.—The Alaska the Women’s Trade Union League, to begin Wiuxzssanas, Pa., Sept. 7.—Every
steamer Lehu, Capt. Webber, | in. Chicago on ber 27. and expects [ours yomen who takes tre Goriet Ger:
to-day With a cargo, ot fish. Capt. | to confer while in with Pregident 7 genoa ior meee

that ; Akutan | Konenkamo of the Commercial Teleg-| > a the 4
SS hg ee | ea? es ERs ee peed orn ing
since 1887. operat ors. hopes that he will have to buy it

 

pact | Hara Aone ESE Es

 

 

enSysMnAa RAPER a Babbar 2a, fete eo ear Seon
a a

and probably to-morrow;
variable winds.

| nigntwhen

| the splendid narratives

ar ee peat 3 -
light

»

oo

 
  
   
    
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
   
    
  
  
   
    
   

PRICE TWO CENTS.
NO PROOF IN COOK LECTURE ©

*
DANISH* AUDIENCE CHILLED a
—DOUBTS REVIVED.
a .

Nevertheless Crown Prince Confers Gold

Medal,on Arctic Claimant—Paper

Prints a Story He Feared Peary Would |

Shoot Him if They Met at the Pole.

ment
ee
Spectal Caudle Despatch to Tre SeN.
CoPpENnHaorN, Sept. 7.—-To-night’s great
meeting at the Odd Fellows Palace might
have been and was generally expected
to be, in spite of Dr. Cook’s own denial
beforehand, a great occasion, on which
Cook would stand forward and give his
friends, especially in Denmark, some real
justification for the strong faith with | —
which he had inspired them. It must be _
said at once that never since the news
of his success reached the civilized world, 4
never since he landed at Copenhagén,

has the American explorer made 80 poor,
80 weak a showing.

‘, In front of him sat the King and Queen
of Denmark, the president and members ,
of the Royal Danish Geographical Society, —
representatives of everything official —
in this country, the pick of its capital's
Population, and the men who would send
his words to the four corners of the earth, |
Yesterday and to-day he had been told of -=
the attacks made upon his veracity and ©
honor. Within two hours of delivering “
his address New York despatches were — _
shown to him, which had been sept from.
London, making charges which there is
no reason to repeat to those who, know
them already. His answer to allhas beech
and remains a simple denial. %
To the very last minute of his addregs

te

%
one listened eagerly and hopefully for
some statement which might be an
answer to his accusers. It never came. |
The evening commenced with a few |
words of introduction by the Crown
Prince, who with an appropriate compli-
ment handed to Dr. Cook a case in whigh
was the gold medal of the geographical  ~
society. Dr. Cook received it with a —
smile, a stiff little bow and the shy manner |
which since he has been here has so pleased
every one who has met him. 4
Without further ado he commenced ~
his lecture, which from start to finish
contained not a singlo statement whic |
he has not made a dozen times in the
last four days. There may have been
some slight amplification of unimpor-  _
tané details here and there, but
then the details themseives were
new. It cannot be denied that this
not been without effect on the’ minds ‘
many who have been stanchly uphe

There is no denying that since lnét
thé ‘news of Peary’s success —
reached here, closely followed by grave
charges and innuendoes, which remain
unaswered save by monosyllabic cote) -
tradictions, there can be felt some ef
in even loyal Copenhagen's mental i
tude. Doubt has crept in. oh
Last night Dr. Cook was the hone p
guest of the editor and staff of the Pe
ken. To-night that paper prints in sp an
type a story which purports to be an ime
terview with Dr. Cook, in which he says ~~
he feared he might meet Peary at the pole —
and was anxious to get back as soon a3
possible, for if Peary met him
would certainly have shot him. ne
That there is not a word of truth in this
need not be said, but the mere fact that it © >
was printed an hour and a half before —
Dr. Cook addressed the meeting is cer-
tainly significant of a considerable change —
in the mental attitude here. Peary’s —
despatch was widely quoted at the bam~ ~
quet after the address. Another despatch...
reminding the people of the Mount McKine .
ley matter was the subject of talk among
the banqueters. Such things as these
and many others lees tangible cannot
be disregarded in attempting to describe — —
the effect of Dr. Cook's address to-nigh’,”) .~
To return to the address itself, the —
opening was pleasing. The speaker's
manner was quiet, calm and assured,
always modest. He commenced wit
what he had often said before: “It is
too early to give more than the general
results of my expedition. Time is re-
quired to digest the work of polar effort, ,
You have not allowed that time in Copene

¢

n. ee
“This northern dash has 08 upied men's 5
minds for more than 300 years, during —
which, ajowly, but surely, the ladder of |
latitudes has been climbed with varying
degrees of success. Experience has been
gained in this way./ Each expedition
profited by the misfortunes of its prede=
cessors. The failure of one expedition
led to the success of subsequent efforts,

“The art of polar travel has thus beeil”
created, and this art was the nucleus
of our expedition. We changed its tactics
to suit our own perpose, but I am bound
to set forth that our success wo not
have been possible without our for-
tunate forerunners.

“All honor to the’ pioneers, the path-
finders to the pole among the earlier ox>”
plorers. We are particularly indebted
to Nansen and Peary and to many Daniah
explorers. In my case I am specifically
indebted to many who are here.”

For the first time since Dr. Cook's wel-
come at his entrance the audience ap-
plauded.

Continuing,
gave us a new road which provided us @
chance for trying the ice a little further ©
west. Although we profited by others’
ventures our expedition differed in some
important respects. t

“The route we selected had been planned
out a year ago as the result of readin;
of Sverdrup about: —

Dr. Cook said: “Theie work

the middle of 1907. ; ie
“When we started the pole did not > © 97)
form part of our programme. Our aim in di:
going tothe polar region was for study ~
and recreation. The pole, perhaps, would —
be a future problem, but it was not re- |
garded as part of this partiqular expodi- .
tion.
Here it was expected that some new om
statements would be made and the closeat
attention was given to the lecturer by
those who understood English; but he —
proceeded t repeat the story of Mr, (7)
Bradley's part in the expedition. Then ‘
he said: “We did not say much about the

 

 

 

‘
4