———— Cl

 

:

 

LURE eNO, 48

veil

ee ee A I A Ae NG eb eae << LE EE EE LA EE IO

FATHER ADAMS” TO SUE WIFE

/reiva 7M OP Crrneke ve
“wtnrig

tIivehve
wrnen

Hern Cf WA Pio Wie Atte When Me

the ofthe We te Phere, Pan et
fe a VWethee Vaew Mawen Coe We aren
en Cem af Teeormerinite Were
Afroe WI Piet fie att tite
Cheon tp tthe tenet te Potnee Ofte
a Ntofee hee heen abled fa the
" f tlene Niatin Adar weerjr
f thea yy Ho Nieon later a
et ote Cathelh bow " & leotirer on
vl pethety whi@eta Aftor
elling in forelan conntrie for anne
ge more than two emmy ‘er Aclatiie hae
wed toy Che Conifer States wttledd in
ttle, Wreath, written for various tras
Vineent Harper” and ia tow
euvorindg to eecure a diwerce from hie
son the groundea of ineormy: atihititg
ir Adame did not return alone, With
rin Seattle ja the young woman whe
the heroine of hia hook “Me Clene
the People” and who dianppeared at
tire vty Adama dropped ont of the
ld that bad known hin “in the dave of
prosperity and resnoectabitity,” aa he
ribes it in one of hia own stories,
Tr Adana has bees living in Seattle for
teen months under the name of Vineent
ef, and has been writing fletion for
tinedes’a, Smith'a and MeClire's magacines

er that nomderlaume Sines his arrival
e the woman whormn Adan
lla “the mystic soul and Cathelie saint”
i fachild, and Adams
his letters to friends and through his
lawyers, Shank & Smith of seattle, declares
that he is promoted by a sense of honor to
divorce his wife and give his name to the
il ef this perfect love.’
ft is said on good authority that Mra.
Adams will contest any such action and
will demand support for herself and her four
ehil ren. When Adams disappearad on
August 12, 1902, he left his wife penniless
nd has not contributed toward her support
sine>s then.
Through his lawyers Mr. Adame has
intimated that he does not care to receive
any communications from his family—that

in hia book

heeorme the mother

 

conauct of his work. He says that he is
content with the life he is dias: has said
farewell to his former ambitions, bas lost
his faith in a iife to come,and after having
teen through the mill finds that this life
resolves itself into heaven and hell, heaven
is one woman and hell another, and that
the devils of torment are the narrow
laws of society, which too often damn a
man for being true to the Lest that is in
him.

“What God has joined together let no
man put asunder,” writes Mr. Adams,
“but poor God, I fancy, not infrejuently
is charged with joining what 1s really the
work of a sappy youth of 21. There
being no scandals at the zoo, one not
wholly loat might go so far as to ask
if this be not due to the fact that nature
and the brutes are within hailing distance
of each other. We higher animals, having
divorced ourselves from fiature, tend
divorceward in other ways also. Monkeys
manage these things rather better. But
homo, being the only moral creature, 18 like-
wise the only immoral being in a some-
what large and intricate universe, where
there wouid be the very devil to pay if we
could once get our eonventionalities and
proprieties to control the stars as they
now control the parishes.”

In the fiction which the ex-minister has
produced under his new name no social
problems are solved, nor is the grand pas-
sion about which he once wrote verse ex-
patiated on. Eight of his stories published
in Ainslee’a Magazine in the last year deal
with the frivolities of the smart set in New
York. An editor's note accompanying
the first of these named the “First Meet”
announced that Vincent Harper would
contribute a series of fox hunting stories.
They are harmless narratives’ mostly de-
scriptive of good horses, good horsemen
and good looking women, one of whom
“can sit a bit, doncher know.” Mr. Adams
takes a few shots at American aristocracy
and oceasionally speaks flippantly of the
marriage state. “The Wholly Innocents”
was his second story. “A Crossed Scent,”
“Divided” and “The Exiles” are the head-
ings of other and simple stories.

In ‘The Exiles” Mr. Adams tells the story
of two young people of the “smart set,”
as he so often calls them. A baby is ex-
pected in the family, and the one time
vreacher writes thus on this subject:

“Rose Cottage” would soon he too small
anyhow. He dreamed that night that he was
pushing a perambulator up Fifth avenue on
Easter Sunday afternoon, dressed in his Sun-
day clothes, while Edith “got supper” at
their cosey little Nat in West Hoboken and the
Freddy Saltuses were coming over “for tea,”
and to play on their beautiful new melodeon,

And when he awoke the real life that pressed

nightmare,

 

Che gifs Sun.

NEW Y

wt
' f an rt att
! ate
‘ Hhewit (4 weme i tle ot
in rr arrrt at Tenttecatt@

Hlaettewel Tre erepeine: Pphemrne) Ain ety

tla | 1! Pare f «wt ral New Feathered

fiat orming wa & rv

j ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ j ftathe thew ot

Mirewieny (ite wet ey. ane rem fone hiner

f | ‘ ; | Mey ot

N rot reel ‘ haree fhe Chute

m f theap A te here in

f hie é ‘ levee Hieh Mahe Potter

Fyiteropal iiieteme ctl

‘yen oof Hernanien Then (bee apne

kroeen that eamlthy member of Rather

4 my pariah fed ential an annuity af

Sh on hing Mi Willian Agno lee nae

Wie poet lin rhe then with thle ‘hye

pine b the Horn Catholic Choreb ta pets,
’ { the enme fline that Father Ada

tiirte to that fateh The converte’ lewene

of the Catholie Choeeh took Me Aceme op

and started him on a lecturing tour whieh
took ity
tnlen

This econ@inned for five year and then
Father met a aixtoen-vear-old
girl in his travels in the South. She be.
a dominant factor in hia life and he
wrote poems and eseaye on her and on their
He entertained the girl at the
home of hia wife and both he and the girl
admitted to the wife that while their love
Was strong it was noble and not wrong
Mrs, Adams remonatrated with the girl
and with her sisters, who live in Baltimore
They approved the girl's infatuation and
declared it to be a soul passion and harmleas

This continued for a year Then Mr.
Adams disappeared, and so did the girl
and all the money Mr. Adama had at that
tine, A year passed and nothing was heard
from them. Then a letter denying any guilt
and asking for money was sent to several
of the former minister's friends, He told a
weird story of having lost his mind and
found it in various parts of Europe and the
Continent. He appeared in Sydney, where
it was learned the girl was with him. He
made some money by his writing and
travelled] some more. Then he returned
to the United States and took up his resi-
dence in Seattle with the avowed intention
of ultimately obtaining a divorce from his
wife and marrying the young girl who had

in every large and town in the

Adame

Kotl love

| gone away with him.
“th y upset him” and interfere with the |

a = :
—

its shadow was slowly but surely creeping |

up to them—Brooklyn! But, by the gods!
they would not fall to that without a struggle
to the death.

Speaking of the hero of the story, he
deplores:

' of the institution,

Then he married. That is to say, then he |
' for her recovery.

found himself “up against” a world of which
he had never even thought, a world that
seemed to be forever insisting upon sacrifices
and calculations and responsibilities, and one
in which life grew to be a perpetual conflict
with “principle,” and in which everything ap-
peared to be under the tyranny of particulars;
a world, in fact, in which he was afforded daily
opportunities of learning his own shortcom-
ings from one who had fallen into “careless
habits of accuracy.”

He, of course, knew no more of the woman
he was marrying than any man ever knows of
that one subject.

The author tells time and again of the
woes of living with a woman who insists
upon the “duty of living conscientiously,”
and he congratulates the man who “ab-
stained from the luxury of having one
around the house who insists upon springing
‘surprises’ on you,requiring extra bedrooms,
investments in perambulators and a study
of infantile diseases at close range.”

But in his later stories the former min-
ister rather approves the addition to the
family. He still however deplores the
narrowness of the social Jaws and holds
love, as he sees it, above everything else in
life,

In his story “My Client vs. The People,”
Mr. Adams had this to say of marriage:

There are two things certain—that nearly | sop ashes Found In an Urn in Puget Sound. |

all marriages are best undone, and that the
undoing of marriage is fatal to society. So
there you are. Nature could hardly have
bungled thus. * * * How happy were this
—_—

To West P oy Nowburgh:and return by Day
Line Steamers, $i.00. ‘Fine scene

 

ry. Good music.

/

upon his chest was almost as ghastly as the | yard of that place late last night,

Yes, it was looming like doom, {

When Mr. Adams went away he left a
book “for the friends who knew the real
me,” he explained on the fly leaf. The
family purchased all but three copies of this
book, which was an attempt to justify the
love of the ex-minister and the young girl
musician. He concluded the book with this
comment: “But from your damnable paro-
chial judgment of a man like this I appeal
to God Almighty, before whose throne I
would dare face the whole blind, blasphe-
mous, contemptible society that holds that
there is goodness apart from fact and that
there can be sacredness apart from life
and truth,”

Adams has a wife and four children, the
eldest of whom, Frederick L. Adams, is a
young broker and the main support of the
family. There are two young daughters and
a little boy just four years old. Mrs.
Adams has been in poor health for two years.

 

MOORS ATTACK BRITISH.

Fire on Warship, Capture Two Officers, but
Afterward Release Them.
Spectal Cable Despatches to THB SUN.

TANGIER, Oct. 17.—Two British marine
officers, Capt. John E. Crowther and Lieut.
Edward Hatton, have been captured by
Moors. They were on their way from the
interior to Tetuan Bay, where the British re-
pair ship Assistance lies stranded.

The captors are Anjera tribesmen, under
a brother of Valiente, the brigand chief,
who was recently arrested and imprisoned
at Tangier. They attacked the British
officers, overpowered their escort of Riff
tribesmen and carried the officers away.

The British Commissioner here has de-
manded the release of the Englishmen. The
leader of the brigands has offered to ex-
change his prisoners for his brother Va-
liente.

Lonpon, Oct. 18.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Madrid says that the tribes-
men, fearing attack by a British torpedo
boat, released the officers, who have ar-
rived at Ceuta,

Grpraurar, Oct. 17.—Anjera tribesmen
last night fired a fusillade at the British
torpedo boat destroyer Cherwell as she was
lying at anchor near Hensus Bay, Morocoo.
The boat's funnel was pierced by bullets,
but nobody on board was hurt. A search-
light was used to locate the tribesmen,
but they were not discovered.

 

 

ACCUSED GIRL TRIES SUICIDE,

Young Prisoner Jumps From Window of
Children’s Society and WI Die.
Bertha Leftowish, a fourteen-year-old
prisoner in the rooms of the Brooklyn
Children’s society, at 305 Schermerhorn
street, was found unconscious in the rear
She had
either thrown herself or had fallen acci-
dentally from a window on the third floor
The police believe she

tried to kill herself,

The girl’s skull was fractured and she
had been terribly bruised about the body.
She was taken to the Brooklyn Hospital,
where the doctors say there is little chance

The girl was arrested yesterday on a

| charge of petit larceny. She had been

 

}

|

{

employed as a servant by a family living
in Union street and the mistress of the
house had accused her of having stolen
lace and brie-A-brac, The case was to
have come up in the Children's Court this

morning.

DECAPITATED IN SUBWAY.

 

Car Cleaner Walking on the Tracks Without
a Lamp Killed by a Dead Train.

William J. Murray, a car cleaner in the
subway, who lived at 364 West 116th street,
was struck by a southbound dead train
at 113th street and Broadway last night.
The first car threw him across one of the
tracks with his neck resting on one of the
rails and the wheels cut his head from
his body es cleanly as if he had been guil-
lotined. .

The motorman, John Murphy of 1967
Dean street, Brooklyn, said he was not
running at high speed, but that Murray
carried no lantern and was not Visible
until the train was close to him. Murphy
blew the whistle and Murray attempted
to clear the track and almost succeede'

 

 

SEATTLE, Oct. 17.—The ashes of Elise
Keller, who was cremated in New York,
January 17, 1895, were found in an urn in
Puget Sound to-day by the deckhand of
atug. The urn was dented as though hit

by a log. _.

Onttht,

 

WEDNESDAY, OCTOREN

peight, (ann

f °, 10%, oon

ha Phe Gan Print

a aad Pabliehing Adanetativs

ODELL FIXING THE ASSEMBLY, | 7 "* Mame mreres cor” | HEM SHOOTING IN TONG WAR,

| Meeheeer Cent dine Cantenne ie Way }

inn iNG fon Whine
Vr einwarernryva

torre

Werte @rrerteoe i he hetnee Ware Phan
the Vecrhed Gaya find af Piitaretar
fre Le RRIITIT Ace Dee hana ionne af fete gmnete

enon Ther Geen fa Caen Natt Wave

Chatenan Ceall of the Republican State
coreinitties come datn from Sewehueah eee
ferme ane opened heackumptere af he fe
i hon lob focateet bie ren Spe tet of the
faerinihly if plies of (oo late Pred Nieon
Me Celeth had Gallee wiih Horie Diy Plat
pin, hie lediate representative in the
hancement of the Nee Yorke Reputtiean
e@oninty committee, and liter on tala with

Senator Geerte Ho Malhy of St. Lawrence
county and ith Republicans of more or lew
Indiferent importance from other parta of
the 4tate Loca) Republicane who fant to
the olub te aee Me Odell came away and
made the broadatatement that after eleetion
day there wouldn't he enough left of the New
York Republican county committee to
grense a aridcdio

Mr. Odell ia bound, it ia declared, to elect
hie man Speaker of the Assembly, if for no
other purpose than to fling cobblestones in
the path of Gow, Higgins’s administration
Incidentally, Unele Billy [vins, it waa said,

may have been a shining light in local poli- |

tics a doven yeara ago, but, indeed, he
muet have been rusty to have taken Mr
Odell's nomination for Mayor, knowing

that he either must have heen selected for |

a forlorn hope or for no other purpose than
to serve Mr, Odell's personal political for-
tunes,
talks at the Republican Club yesterday
gave jittle or no heed to Mr, Ivins's cam-
paign for Mayor, but devoted all of their
energies to laying out plans to elect as
many Odell Assemblymen as possible in
the thirty-five districts of New York county.
} These plans have included the indorse-
ment by the Hearst people of Mr. Odell's
candidates for Assembly, and, all told, it

has extended to a dozen districts, and that
before Monday night, when all nomina-

bargain is to extend to still other districts.
Mr. Odeil and Bouquet Billy, in other words,
are to get all the Hearst votes possible for
their candidates for the Assembly, and in
return Mr. Odell and Mr. Halpin ar« to turn
over to Mr. Hearst votes for Ma:or. Just
where your Uncle Billy Ivins is to come in
out of this mess ought to keep him cuess-
ing from now until sundown on election
day. There were Republicans ut the Re-
publican Club last night who said that this
deal between Mr, Odell and Mr. Hearst on
Assembly nominations would be carried
out in all of the boroughs.

Chairman Odell in his talk with Senator
Malby discussed the qualificati is from
every standpoint of Senator Malby's As-

semblyman from the Second district of St.

Lawrence, Edwin A. Merritt, Jr., of Pots-
dam. Mr. Merritt had already had a talk
with Mr. Odell, and Mr. Merritt is now
hustling about in the effort to gain the
support of ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black and of
Mr. “Black's friends in the upper Hudson
River counties, ** r

Chairman Odell, those with whom he
talked at the Republican Club said, would
very much like to elect as SpeakerAssembly-
man Louis Bedell of the Second district of
Orange, but things look rather squaily for
Mr. Bedell’s reelection to the Assembly.
He spends little or no time in his district, it
was declared, and besides he has repeatedly
voted against measures which were desired
by his constituents, It is not at all probable,
it was said, that Mr. Bedell will be reelected.

Senator Platt, it was learned, has had
a long talk with Assemblyman Sherman
Moreland of Chemung, who may be spoken
of as Representative Fassett’s candidate for
the Speakership, and Col, George W, Dunn
of Binghamton was at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel last night talking right up for Assem-
blyman James T, Rogers of the First dis-
trict of Broome, There are half a dozen
more candidates for the Speakership, and
chasers have been sent through the State
to line up prospective Republican Assem-
blymen for the various candidates, There
were 106 Republicans in the Assembly last
winter,but there are many contests through-
out the State against Republican Assem-

Court Justice Warren B, Hooker,

 

WOULD CURB SPEAKER'S POWER.
Brackett Votces Demand for Change in
the Committee on Rules.

ALBANY, Oct. 17.—Sentiment apart from
that portion created by political bosses and
corporations for several legislative sessions,
has crystallized in favor of taking away
from the Assembly Committee on Rules
exclusive jurisdiction as to what legislation
shall or shall not be considered in the last
ten days of the session each year. Tho
Assembly Committee on Rules, with the
jurisdiction it has to-day, resulta prac-
tically in making the Speaker of the State
Assembly a Czar.

It is anticipated that the member of

by the majority party in the next Assembly
first must pledge his cooperation in favor
of curbing the vowers of the Committee on

Rules.

Senator Edgar T. Brackett of Sara-
toga was in Albany to-day. In the past
his anti-corporate legislation has time
and time again, after it passed the Senate,
been smothered and throttled by the As-
sembly Committee on Rules. Discussing
this question to-day, Senator Brackett
said,

“So far as any contro] of legislation is
| concerned, the 145 members of the As-
| sembly not on this committee Aca rules}
| might as well go home the ninth Wy before
| the session ends. It was intended by the
| system always to see to it that this Com-
mittee on Rules should be selected stock,
rock ribbed, warranted not to let any legis-
lation pass that the ‘great interests’ did not
want.

“Every corporation that wants to steal
or sneak something from tho people has
ita bill introduced, lets it lie dormant in

the committee to which it is referred until
it gets into the Committee on Rules, and
then presses it for passage. Every sneaky,
slimy, darksome interest warms into life
at this time and wriggles its foul self, not
into view, but into activity. The system
ehould be changed.”

 

Hearst to Invade Brooklyn.

Coroner M. J. Flaherty, chief director
of tne M. O. campaign in Brooklyn, has
arranged for a whirlwind tour of the bor-
ough to-morrow evening by W. R. Hearst
and his associates on the city ticket. There
| are to be three rallies, at Palm Garden
| Schwaben Hall and Congress Hall, Bird
|S. Coler, candidate for President of the
| Borough, will accor pany the Hearst party.

Buffalo aud Niagara Falla are still open. Twenty
brains 6

day by tho New York Central Linese-Aap,:

{

tions for the Assembly are to be filed, the |

(he Grreteetefat fietitatton fe fen
Hewnrewpen, Chet 17) Tie Metered»
trey. ited) bee heer lent mating
lrelietflal Sehent ta city
report te the ripen Cornet

ney
Clrand
tie Mate (hie

prmonntad ita

to dn t referee Chet lek af preapee |
anitiee condicione fA een cdepawetinenta
Wil ales peeoninencde the decintining of
certain cnet offlelate for fon arent

aeverity Commect terete of (he leetitation

Five prreemt fennel Chat eroweral worn beget

head been confit tn chee guard henner if

eclitary confinement, with fe furniture in
the celle and only blanicete prowidedtat niahe
for a period of overt thirty dave, It wna

nlen found that white the heared of Mmanagerte
and superintendent had given ordete that
no bove be placed ins aolitary confinement

ona bread and water let for overt five days, |

there were eeveral natances in which
officers had caused boya to o@ confined in
thie way from twelve to fourteen days,

Criticiem ie aleo made of the filthy con.
dition of come of the dormitories and that
the clothing of the bova was in an extremely
dirty condition

The farm in the rear of the achool was
found to be in an untidy and iil kept condi.
tion and overrun with weed
declare that with auch a large number
of boya inthe institution this condition
seems inexctmable and ia a most demoraliz-
ing example for the boys,

None of the members of the board of
managers would discuss the reportito- night,
but it was said that a meeting would be

| held in a day or two at which «# statement

Mr, Odell and Bouquet Billy in their |

 

 

 

blymen who voted not to dismiss Supreme |

Assembly who will be nominated for Speaker |

would be prepared

FRANCE FREE 70 JOLT CASTRO,

 

Venezocian Policy Has Our
Appoval.
WasnHtnaton, Ocr. 17,—It became known
to-day, upon the hest authority, that the
action of the French Government in send-

“Mtg Stick"

} ; | ing a squadron tothe Caribbean Sea was
was estimated last night that this bargain |

the initial step inthe preparations that are
being made to adjust the differences be-
tween France and Venezueia. in other
words France has determined to preserve
the “big stick” policy.

The decision of the French Government
tosend three cruisers to join two others
already in the West Indies was not made
until this Government had been consulted
and the State Department had agreed upon
such a course, It became known also that
the idea of the French Government is to
impress upon President Castro that France
has a fleet of warships which may very
readily be thrown upon the Venezuelan
coast in case President Castro does not
make amends.

At the same time the opinion is emphati-
cally expressed by high Government offi-
cials here that the French squadron's pres-
ence in Central American waters does not
mean that France contemplates immediate
coercive measures, and one Government
official said to-day that he did not think
France would resort to forcible means of
bringing about a satisfactory settlement.
Castro is expected to back down,

The French, it is well known here, have
no desire for an open break with Vene-
zuela, and still hope Castro will come to
the front with either an apology for the
things he has already done or some other
satisfactory expression of his good will
toward France. Whilein the past the Vene-
zuelan Executive has shown full well that
he cannot be bullied, it is now believed that
he will yield to the’French demands.

The presence of the squadron of the
“baton gros” will probably help bring Castrd
to terms. The fleet will be assembled within
the course of a fortnight in all probability.
It will consist of the cruiser Desaix, which,
according to press despatches, left Cherbourg
yesterday; the cruisers La Voissier and
Chasseloup-Laubat, now at Brest, and the
cruisers Jurien de la Graviére and Troud,
noW at Martinique.

The two vessels last named are regularly
stationed in the Caribbean Sea.

Every step that has been taken by France,
especially since the return of the French
Ambassador to Washington, has been known
to the State Department. The course that
France intends to pursue is likewise well
known here, but officials refuse to make
it public. The statement by the Government
official referred to is significant, and it is
likely that a few weeks will see an amicable
settlement of the troubles between Vene-
zuela and France,

FOUGHT 3 CROOKS IN LOCKEDCAR,

 

Not a Broadway Passenger Came to the
Detective’s Help.

A squad of sleuths from Headquarters
spent the greater part of the afternoon
riding on the Broadway cars between
Twenty-third and Forty-second streets
looking for the pickpockets who have been
riding on them every day. Detective
Sergeant John King made for four men he
saw edging in on a passenger and they put
up a fight. ‘Tbe motorman locked the front
door of the car and the conductor locked
the back door after one of the four had
got away.

Meanwhile the three crooks and King
were having a lively time. The detective
showed his shield and called on the men
passengers to come to his aid. None vol-
unteered. The women screamed as the
sleuth and his three opponents rolled about
the floor. The motorman clanged his bell
hoping to attract a uniformed cop, and
finally at Thirty-ninth street Policemen
Sager and Wynne came to the’ rescue and

landed the three in cells.
SENATOR IN DOOLING'S PLACE,

To Be Elected This Fall—Tammany Calls
New Primaries.

Information was received yesterday at
Tammany Hall that Gov. Higgins had is-
sued a proclamation permitting to be
elected at the regular November election
a successor to State Senator Peter J.
Dooling of the Sixteenth district, who re-
signed when he was nominated by the
Tammany county convention for County
Clerk.

When this news came from Albany there
was some speculation among the legal ad-
visers of Tammany Hall as to just what
procedure ought to be followed. They
were in doubt whether or not it would be
necessary to hold special primaries and a
special convention or whether the district
convention could reconvene and name a
candidate, President Voorhie of the Board
of Elections acivised that the law required
a new primary election and nomination
by a new convention. The call will be
issued immediately and the convention will
be held before October 23, the last day for
the receiving of substitutions by the Board
of E ;

ae

The jurors |

Wer avn Whe Horn Wan
} PULL FN OPP OrHEPT,
Paton Seaeeth foe Meriteeet Theanagh tet

arent) Penewente, Grading free,
Piitte Peetted Craed Lanka (On Ge
peet'a Watt af Terran thentitied

| A they, Ming Tone man @ae atiet he an
On Leong Tong adherent inet ntiaht and
the war of the Tone in Chitataws
A ahort feepife, leon agin
a youn ladndewmnan, ia (he Pep Singer
who @aa alot leet rial After doota of
fenemente ceetpled by Chinamen had been
battered down and the On Leong Tong
headquartera raided, Tam Woh Tay wae
arreated on the ohare of having done the
shooting, Looey Hung will probably die,

He woe in Mott atreet hetwoon Now, i7 and
ttabout t0o'elook laat olqht when a China
man walked up to him and ehowed a re
volver againat hia atomach and fired It
was a hig weapon a ehort barrelled re.
volver the popular Chinatown cdeatroyer,
so the ambulance aurgeons said after
they had examined Looey Hung's wound.
Tooey ran staggering to 4 Mott street and
eventually got to the top floor, a steep
climb of five flighta How he got up there
ia not certain; the police think he was car-
ried; Looey's friends aaid he walked

There are lots of police around Chinatown
these days, and ina few seconds after the
shot rang out half a dozen cops were around
Looey, who was stretched out on a bunk
in a boarding house on the top floor of
4 Mott street. There were a dozen China-
inen in the rbom, Dr, Vance came on the
jump from the Hudson street hospital.

“It's all over with him,” said Dr, Vance,
after looking at Looey.

Fong Loon, who said he was a cousin of
Looey, and the only Chinaman in the rooin
who would admit that he could speak Eng-
lish, acted as interpreter for Acting Captain
Tracy of the Elizabeth street station and
Detective Noonan of Costigan's vice squad.

No, Looey didn't know the man who had
shot him, he wasn’t an enemy, he didn’t
belong to either tong and he didn’t know
why he had been shot.

“I know?” said Fong Loon. “No, I don't
know, but I know a Chinaman who does.”

“The man you want is at 14,” some one
shouted into the room.

The headquarters of the On Leong Tong
is at 14 Mott street. Tracy and Noonan
grabbed Fong Loon and rushed out. A
couple of cops put Looey on a stretcher and
carried him downstairs.

By this tirne Mott street had been stirred
by the arrival of the reserves from the
Elizabeth street station. They heard that
the Chinaman wanted for the shooting was
in 14 Mott street and were dashing up the
steps when Tracy and Noonan came out
of the house at 4. There was a cry for an
axe or a sledgehammer from one of the
invadera and a sledge was promptly pro-
cured. Soon the street resounded with
the blows of the axe and the crash of doors
being pounded down.

The street was jammed, and then there
was a little incident added to the excite-
ment. Detective Muller was in Park row
around the corner from Mott street, when,
he says, he saw two men hold up another.
Muller tackled the two men, and a third
jumped on him. He yelled for help, and
in a jiffy every cop in Mott street was en-
gaged in helping Muller, The cops used
their billies freely on the prisoners and
they were soon landed in the Elizabeth
street station.

Two, who said they were John Connors
and John Ryan, were the men whoattempted
the holdup, according to Muller, The
man who butted in said he was Henry
Flick,

While this was going on the police were
smashing Into rooms in 14 Mott street
wherever the door wasn't opened when they
demanded admittance. Finally they came
to the assembly rooms of the On Leong
Tong on the fourth floor, It took a long
time to batter down the door, When they
got in the cops saw twelve stolid China-
men smoking long pipes,

“Sleach wallant, please,” said one of them
calmly. He was promptly knocked over.
Every closet and bunk in the place was
turned upside down, but the cops found
nothing.

The police had also received word that
they might find the man they wanted in
11 Mott street. There doors were smashed
in, too, At the same time a policeman
was stationed in front of every house on
that side of the block,as the police had
been told that the Chinaman who had
escaped had gone over the roof of 11.

Finally a
tried to sneak out of the hallway of 17 Mott
street. His queue had fallen down and a
cop grabbed him. The cop held tight
until Fong Loon, with a Chinaman who
said he could identify the shooter of Looey,
was hustled over to the hallway of 17 by
Detective Noonan,

The little Chinaman was identified. Noo-
nan and the cop dragged him into the street.
There was a wild screech from the China-
man.

“Don't take me through the street,” he
cried, “I'll be shot.”

A great crowd followed him to the Eliza-
beth street station. He denied his identity,
but a couple of Chinamen insisted that he
was the right man. Then he was taken to
the Hudson street hospital and Looey
identified him.

Several things cropped out during the
night to indicate that the Tongs had re-
newed their war.
the afternoon three members of the Hep

 

out. The Hep Sings declared that the
On Leongs had decided to pick off near
relatives of the members of the Hep Sings,
and not to shoot down the members of the
society itself.

REFERRED TO TUE PLANT UNION.
Government Sehemes to Make ‘hm Work
Overtime by Eicetrie Light.
WasHINnaTon, Oct. 17.--The Department
of Agriculture has begun extensive ex-
periments into the growing of plants by
electric light. Most plants grow only
during the day and rest at night, and the
experiment;, aside from their scientific
value, will be made with the object of forc-
ing the growth of vegetables, &c., so that
they will work twenty-four hours a day
instead of twelve or so under normal con-

ditions.

|
|
;
{
|
|

profit.

Marvard-West Point Football Game at West
| Point, Octoher 22; special train from Franktin

St., 12:40; West 42nd St.,1 P.M. Round trip 61.23;
ece West Shore ticket agents.—s~~

Loows Mung, |

little mild faced Chinaman ;

It was said that during |

Sing Tong had invaded tho headquarters |
of the On Leong Tong, but had been driven |

The economic side of the question will |
also get careful attention to ascertain if |
the outlay cf electricity can be returned at a |

Weiverana’, Oeronen 1%, 10%,
Partly cloudy and warmer to-day;

Mrtietin @are fe fe Cihety fa fe at Any
Henn ent

Hatead, Tee, Cet tf Dheerienging

porte eon from Gee Pege'a ate poor

at Port Werth «(The patient hae bern tow

tre perce atl ew AO a fe erigeive fre hve

a tad elahing apell | lieetene ware ann

mene ane ane atlll in conquitation The
folio eli HUTT HY dee heel at ender ght

| "Cue Hoga'a conelition merrmnnely eritt
cal Hebe likely fe cite at Gey moment ©

JEHKY AIMPRON WICH Won,

after |

Rinks Inte Cnenneriatenee Moetar Cived
tp AN Mone
Wieittta, Kan, Oet 7 BaeConmren
man Jerry Sitipacn ia mueh Worme today
He baa heen anhject to frequent hemor
fhages and baa been unable fo tale any
hourishiment for two dave
He beeame uneonecionua at a ofeloek
thia afternoon and baa been in that atate
aines, ‘Tooniaht De Ninniok eald that it
Waa very doubtful if the pationt will live
through the niaht. Hie son, Leeter Simp
eon, who ia at Toawell, N. M., waa autn-
moned by wire this evening.

HILL GETS CHICAGO TERMINAL,

Hurtington System Wil Use Grand Centrai
Station in Chicago

Cuitcaao, Oct. 17,
Terminal Transfer Railway Company has
heen secured by James J. Hill, and the Grand
| Central passenger station will soon be used
as a terminal for the Burlington system.

Official announcement to that effect is
expected to-morrow at @ postponed meet-
| ing of the board of directors of the Terminal
| ‘Transfer Company, which holds and operates
the Grand Central atation.

From authoritative sources came the
announcement to-day that the Hill people
had made a purchase of practically all the
terminal bonds and a large amount of stock
from J. P. Morgan & Co., who have been
buying stock in the open market for the last
eight months. Morgan & Co, got the bonds
from E. H. Harriman, who disposed of them
just prior to leaving on a trip to ths Orient,

 

CITY'S NEW BRIDGE OPENED.

Crowds Struggie on New Bascule Structure
Over Newtown Creek.

The new bascule bridge over Newtown
Creek, which connects Greenpoint with
Long Island City, was opened yesterday
afternoon. The two arms of the bridge
were dropped in place at 4:10 o’clock, and
Bridge Commissioner Best and D. L. Hough,
of the United Engineering and Contracting
Company, crossed in an automobile from
the Brooklyn side. Then Mr. Hough turned
the bridge over to the Commissioner, who
formally accepted it. A few minutes later
the gates at each end were swung open, and
there was a foot race to see who would be
first across from each end.

It was spectacular enough, but mighty
dangerous, as the crowds met in the middle
of the bridge, and a struggle like a huge
mass play in football took place. Finally
the tangle was-etraightened out by the
police, and the crowds were driven to the
right and traffic was resumed, The new
bridge is 1,699 feet long and cost $547,046.

BOTH KILLED IN STREET DUEL,

Hard Words Over a Poker Game Lead to
Tragedy in Mississippi.

MosILk, Oct. 17.—At Tchula, Miss.; A.
Spratlin, a business man of Memphis, and
J. Glenn, a merchant of Greenwood, Mias.,
fought a duel on the street to-day and
both were killed.

It was a deliberate affair provoked by
a poker game. Spratlin accused Glenn
of cheating, and Glenn denied it. Glenn
went to a hardware store and bought a
revolver, and Spratlin returned to his room
in the hotel and got his pistol. They met
on the street, and Spratlin fired four times,
each bullet entering Glenn's body.

Before Glenn fell he managed to fire
twice, inflicting mortal wounds.

KILLED BY HIS OWN ORDERS,

 

Forgot an Engine Back of Him tn Making
Up Freight Trains,

Henry Burmeister, the make-up man
in the New York Central railroad’s Bronx
freight yards, was killed last mght as a
result of his own orders. Burmeister’:
task was to arrange the cars of freight
trains. He was standing in the yards
giving orders to engineers of switching
engines and stepped in front of one that
he had forgotten about. Burmeister was
killed instantly. He was 31 years old and
lievd at 441 East 148th street.

FILIPINO WIFE WINS DIVORCE,

Lieut. Burbank Must Pay Dusky Bride
100 Pesos Alimony @ Month.

LEAVENWORTH, Kan., Oct, 17.—The suit
of Concepcion Vasquez, the Filipino wife of
First Lieut. Sidney 8. Burbank, Sixth In-
fantry, has been decided in favor of Mrs.
3urbank. Word reached Fort Leaven-
worth to-day that Judge Bates of the Court
of First Instance at Iloilo, P. I., had granted
her a divorce, the custody of their daughter
and 100 pesos alimony a month,

GOLF CLUB BLOW KILLS PLAYER.

Was Watching Opponent From Behind
When Swinging Driver Struck Him.

| Boston, Oct. 17.—While playing at the

! Brae Burn Country Club links, West New-

ton, yesterday afternoon Charles Mann,

63 years old, a Boston coal merchant, was with the child's mother at 101 West Ninety-

killed by being accidentally hit on the fore- |

head with his opponent's driver.
Mr. Mann, with an invited guest, a Mr.
Josselyn of Boston, and Mrs. Mann, had
proceeded only a few holes when Mr. Mann
took a position back of his opponent to
watch an especially critical drive. As the
club was swung over Mr. Josselyn's shoul-
der it struck Mr. Mann on-the forehead,
knocking him unconscious. Mr. Josselyn
and other players hurried Mann to the club-
house, where he recovered consciousness,
but for only a short time,
Thirty-eight Hurt in a Ratiway Accident,
CHEYENNE, Oct, 17,—A passenger train
on the Colorado and Southern Railroad
was thrown into the ditch by spreading
rails at Horse Creek to-day, The smoker
and day coach rolled down a high embank-
ment and turned over, Of the fifty-five
| passengers in the two cars thirty-eight
were injured. Three of them received
fractured skulls and internal injuries and
may die, but the others escaped with cuts,
| sprains and bruises, os

Latcst Marine Intelligence. ¥
Sertved: Ss Teutonic, Liverpool, Oct. 12. J

v

fale tomorrow,

a
Pick TWO CENTS,

Hin", Neen wean one WIRELESS NEWS OF RESCUE,

ern eeeT or nen FROM

| abetit a) patles eat

we Wiis wer A aa

Vatinteee Crew Penn the Liner Went ta (he
fihenraeter ftneh (fetan and qeeed Mer
aiin'e Camnene Pean Ware donee

Wert Came Mere ty Way of Cage Meee

Wiretowe word fron (he Contr Prine,
@hieh aniled henet of Sateen frevtit
for Queenatown and Lieerprel, anv ¢
ehe found in her course on Sinedae afters
hoon the Seecdieh hark Orion, ewavtnd if
the trowel of «a hewee bit creatine

f Bante Hook nad
1) intl acithenet of Capt Race, The
Orton had her eneien fying upeide dew
from one of the enare left her after a battle
with the come that brought dianeter to the

| ateat Campania, ard her decka were awaah,

| would anon be with Davy donna,

Control of the Chicago

se a ee

It wae apparent to Capt, Potter of the
Meruria that unlews he launched a lifeboat
ina hurry all hands aboard the wreedle
Volun-
teers tinder an officer of the Cunarder went
alongside the Orion and after much trouble
took off evervbody,

Capt. Olason of the Orion aald he would
like hie owners in Gothenburg to know that
the bark had been abandoned and that all
hands had been saved, Capt. Potter said
he would immediately tell the world ashore
all about it. His Marconi operator called
up the station at Cape Race and in a few
minutes the first wireless report of a rescue
one-sixth of the way ecross the Atiantio
had been sent to land.

Vernon H. Brown, agent of the Cunard
Line, got the message on Sunday night and
gave it to the public yesterday morning,

The Orion was seven weeks out from
Cabo de Gato, Spain, and was bound for
St. John, N. B., where she was to have
taken on a cargo of deals for Marseilles,
She was originally the Norwegian bark
Fritz Smith and measured 467 tons.

Will Cover Eight States on a Trip of Thire
teen Days.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.—President Roose-
velt will start to-morrow morning on his
tour of the South, the special object of
the journey being to visit those States
which he has not visited since his accession
to the Presidency. He will pass through
Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Tennessee, Arkansas and
Louisiana, and will be absent from Wash-
ington thirteen days. The last four days
will be spent at sea, the President returning
from New Orleans to Hampton Roads on
the battleship West Virginia

The President and the members of his
party will leave Washington at 8:30 o'clock,
travelling in a special train over the Southern
Railway. The President will be accom-
panied by Mrs. Roceevelt, Secretary Loeb,
Surgeon-General Rixey of the Navy, John
A. Mellhenny and Johd C, Greenway,
friends of Mr. Roosevelt, representatives
of the three press associations, Stenog-
raphers Latta and McGrew of the White
House staff, and Col. L. 8. Brown of the
Southern Railway, who will be in personal
obarge of the, trip.

The Presidential party is expected to ar-
rive at Richmond, Va., at noon to-morrow,
and will remain there until 7 o'clock in the
evening. ‘The train will leave at that hour
for Haleigh, N. C., where the party will
arrive at 1 o’clock in the morning. Tha
President will remain in tho train until
9 o'clock, when he will take part in a local
programme prepored for his entertainment.
The President will loave Raleigh at 1 o’clook
in the afternden and will make five-minute
stops at Durham, Greensbore. High Point,
Salisbury and Charlotte.

At 7 o'clock Friday morning the Presi-
dent will reach Roswell, Ga., the birthplace
of his mother, and he will remain there
two hours anda half. He will spend all of
Friday afternoon at Atlanta and will be in
Jacksonville, Fla., Saturday morning. He
will spend Sunday at St. Augustine.

On Monday he will visit Valdosta, Ga.,
Mcntgomery and Mobile, Ala.

On Tuesday the President will be in
Chehawa, Tuskegee and Birmingham, leay-
ing the latter place at night for Little Rock,
Ark. He wiil be in Little Rock from 9
in the morning until 4 in the afternoon on
Vednesday, October 25, He will then
leave for New Orleans by way of Memphis.
All of Thursday will be spent in New Or-
leans and the President will sail on the
West Virginia late in the evening, arriving
in Washington early on the morning of
October 31.

None of the members of the party ex-
cept the President, Secretary Loeb and Dr.
Rixey will go to New Orleans, The others
will return in the special train to Washing-
top from Memphis.

— eee

 

LOCKED UP FOR GOOD NATURE,

Man Was Try Ing to Find Child’s Escort When
Some One Shouted ‘Kidnapper.”

The cries of a girl of seven and the rumor
that the man with her was a kidnapper
caused a crowd to collect in City Hall Park
late yesterday afternoon. The little girl
was Florence Carter; the man said he was
Farl C. Hutehington, 22 years old, a pub-
lisher, living at 102 Twenty-second avenue,
Brooklyn.

At the Oak street station, where Hutching-
ton was locked up on a charge of intoxica-
tion and disorderly conduct, he told the
sergeant he was only trying to find the
man with whom the child was. He said
that he was on his way home when he met
a friend named Dennison, who boarded

seventh street. Dennison was on his way

| to Brooklyn, taking the child with him

for an outing, when they met in the park.
They had a drink and were making for
the Bridge entrance when Dennison got
lost in the crowd. The child became fright-
ened and cried.
Sergt. Burns sent word to the West
Ninety-seventh street address, and later
Mr. M. Smith and his wife, who live in the
samo house with Mrs. Carter, called at the
station house with a note from her, They
told the sergeant that Hutchington’s story
was true. The child was allowed to £2
home with them, but Hutchington was de
tained.
Sven Hedin Starts New Exploration Trip.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.
StTocKHoLM, Oct. 17.—Sven Hedin, the
geographer and explorer, started yester-
day on his fifth exploration of Central
Asia. He purposes to explore the oas%s
of eastern Persia en route, hoping to dis

| cover the sources of the Indus and Brah-

maputra rivers, Lord Curzon, Viceroy
of India, has promised to furnish him an
armed escort through Tibet.

Don't scowl. ‘Tisn't becoming. Have your eye-
glasses fitted by Spencer, 12 Maiden Lane, N. ¥-
Ae le

~~ EST

a

ee

Se

ae ll tn ee ee