“ NDERBILT COUNSEL CALLED

i eum COVPTRLA VOT
wee Of APORTITV.e

i wiihte Glee fe Pte Sarrement
 Hetatente Pet fe ren Shrew (he
crement feet hh serene, Wie

ftave to Peattte, ty Gite ite Wee
Hele (ie Coenitene Pernge Pricen

prereat ing faete eancemning (he
ee under @hieh «@ certain routh
notes in facor of Mehard A
fence heneveghyt
the ofa me eaminatbon of David

, '
were vit
Confell« manager, at the eon
he Orla) before Sipe Covet
reer and & juev of the Dela

foro peynent foe legal and other

vy the moat interesting thing wae

» youth alaned the notes in Bucklin's
othe Sehuvler apartments, 60

forty fifth etreet, and not at the gain.
5 Raat Fort y-fourth atreet. As

  
   

~—

cho hae known a great deal, though |

Loot Canfleld'’s affairs said yeater
showed that either the debt which

ihe notes necessary Wae inourred in a

ther than Canfield’, but over which

vter exercised complete control, or

' 1. would seem more likely, the Can-
éo)) contention that his Forty-fourth street
» had been olosed the day Jerome

«office, January ft, 1902, was falee,

Hocklin testified that the notes were made
in November, 1902, And the ciroum-
wance that they were made out in his apart-
ments led men who knew something of the
(anfield-Bucklin ways to suggest that the
young man was kindly put to bed in Buck-
lin's home and when he awoke found the
notes ready for his sen.

“And if that be tru®,” this man remarked,
“i 14 little wonder that the young man sub-
secyiently refused to pay, but to avoid pos-
sible scandal, or worse, compromised on a
payment of $130,000 in cash.”

Another development was that after the
Dowling bill, compelling gambling wit-
nesses to testify, but guaranteeing them
immunity, was passed, Bucklin and Canfield
made a secret deal with the District Attorney
by which they provided the evidence on
which they were convicted, on the promise
that Jerome would use all his efforts to get
them off with a fine of $1,000 instead of
imprisonment.

DELAHUNTY MAY CALL JEROME.

It is quite poasible that Jerome may be
called as a witness by Delahunty. Canfield
is trying to show that Delahunty knew of
certain offers from Jerome by which the
gamblers could escape jail by “pleading
guilty at any time prior to theirindictment,
and failed to convey these offers to his
clients. It was pretty well established
yesterday that Canfield knew all about these
offers and rejected them as impossible.
But Delahunty’s counsel, Edmund L.
Mooney; is determined to establish the truth
of this beyond a doubt and may call Mr.
Jerome.

VANDERBILT'S COUNSEL CALLED.

The identity of the youth who made thr
three notes for $100,000 each was placed
almost beyond a doubt yesterday, when
John L. Wilkie, of Gould & Wilkie, the per-
sonal counsel of Reginald C. Vanderbilt,
was called to the stand as the last witness of
the day.

The calling of Mr. Wilkie was probably
the most extraordinary proceeding that has
yet occurred ig the trial. Mr. Mooney was
so thunderstrick by this Canfield move
that he declined to ask Mr. Wilkie a single
question, and declared that the admission
of such testimony was sufficient to mako
A reversal positive.

Mr. Wilkie, looking very glum and testify-
ing in a low tone, said that he was one of the
personal counsel of the gentleman who
made the three $100,000 notes. He remem-
bered having a conversation with Dela-
hunty and hisclient on the night of February
13, 1903, and the handing over to Delabunty
of $130,000,

H. Snowden Marshall, of Battle & Mar-
shall, Canfield’s counsel, then asked Wilkie
whether he had made a statement to both
sides in the case, as to his knowledge of the
events surrounding that payment.

Refore he could answer Mr. Mooney ob-
ected, and emphasized his objection by a
threat.

“If this matter ia gone into any further,”
he said, “I shall go into the whole affair
from first to last, I have consented, for
Mr. Canfield’s sake and for that of other
persons, to have the names of third parties
omitted from these records, but if lam going
to be put in the position of having to refute
the testimony of counsel for one @ these
third parties, I shall throw the light of day
upon everything which it is here sought to
conceal. I never saw Mr. Wilkie, he never
made any statement to me, and I do not pro-
pose to be bound in my cross-examinations
by any such statement.”

Justice Newburger refused to allow the
question or the statement, and then Mr.
Marshall put a question to Wilkie which
brought out that he had been subpcsnaed by
the Canfield side.

“Do you or will you claim any privilege,”
Mr. Marshall asked then, “or contract
by Which you will refuse to testify concern-
ing the facts and circumstances attending
on the payment of the $130,000.17"

TICKS TO AGREEMENT WITH DELAHUNTY.

“I do,” answered Wilkie. “I claim a
special contract or agreement between Mr.
Delahunty and myself, by which we bound
ourselves to divulge nothing about this
affair under any circumstances, and I in-
kist on the performance of that contract.”

“This is certainly the most extraordinary
proceeding, your Honor,” exclaimed Mr.
Mooney, “that I have ever seen in the course
of a trial.”

“Proceed,” said the Court.

“Then if I were to say,” added Mr. Mar-
hall, half gpologetically, “that I only
Wish to ask you about the conversation
that you had with Mr. Delahunty concern-
ing the fee to be paid, or rather the amount
of the compromise, would you anwser?”

“I should not,” answered Wilkie.

“And will you not release us, that is Mr.
Cantield, whose agent Mr. Delahunty was
when he made that contract, with you,
+o that we may inquire into these facts?”

‘1 will not,” replied Wilkie.

You may leave the stand then,” con-
tinued Marshall, “and, in parting, 1 wish

—

out

 

 

 

Continued on Second Page.

Ginger Cham:

Charles. A. M. a Equinox—Extra

Dry.
Po & TT. Waner Ade.

The illiie Sun! =

“

rHevernn Prigrrrre

Sppetiate Perm dtawe Preeenger Pine
te Ph eer Paring Hite Purr

Potlevwing the rerené der aon of (hw Cont
of Sperial Meee, the Aepetiete Tern of
the Seprern Comet feted weerereinw Chat ef
ariitrery rule ted ceeen tee the aeefare
fallfeetl companion (het a paaeng@er le rot
entitie! fa a trenefer ontew he appiiew for
if ae conn we he pave tie fone ie aRentitele
heel anil inempehle of enforcement Cue
r¥ing ant thie deeheon the ewet attend
6 Weritet pat Conet jeter for 860, obtained |
hy Sere Levine canine’ (he Saeay Fler
trie Mailed Compene. foe the patel af a
eomreinetor ta give Levine @ tranefer on the
arene that he hae @atted ton beng to ate
for it

The onnedlueter teat) thy
Mintites after be {
aeahed for a tranefey

1) that it eae forty
vel lve fare (hat he
levine aeawrted that
he waked for it ae coon ae he pated file fare
beet That the eon duetor pall no attention ta
Uo Me
titre later

lietion Clineh

Supreme Couet etting in

i
the Appellate Term. which hewre appeala |
from deetelone ty the City and Mupletpet
courte, writes the opinion of the Appellate
court affirming the Levine jud@iment. The |
opinion reade in part |
Arattway company nav, under the statutes
and the terme of itecharter, Pravide reaeone
able regulations for the pubffe convenience, |
but it would reqoire a vivid tra@ination ta

suppose that the rule of the company ae te |
the @ranting of tranefers carries out any
auch lawful purpose

Analyzing the rule, Justice Clinch saya
that it evidently places upon the passenger |

| the bitrden of deciding at the moment he

eg eS
~

pays hie fare whether or not he wishes a
transfer

“This ia not,” saye Justioe Clinch, “such a
regulation as would promote the conven-
ience of the public, and the company might |
as well adopt a rule requiring that a passenger |
should ask for a tranefer after he had ridd@n
five blocks, ax adopt a rule of this character.” |

Tt was announced that the eompany
would appeal to the Appellate Division,
and from there, if necessary, tothe Court of
Appeals.

The Court of Special Sessions made a
similar ruling some weeks ago in the vase
of a conductor who was arrested for eject-
ing from his car a passenger who insisted
on a transfer as he got to a crossing.

WRS, BOSTWELL'S CARD ON BODY

Man Found in River Were Good Clothes
and Tiffany Sleeve Buttons.

The body of a man about 50 years old
was found floating in the Hudson River
near Spuyten Duyvil yesterday. Dr. Curtin
of the Fordham Hospital, who examined
the body, said that it had been in the
water about three months. The man wore
a mixed gray suit of good material, black
shoes, tie and a silk lined beaver overcoat.
A pair of gold buttons in the cuffs were
made by Tiffany.

In a pocket of the coat was a card case
containing three photographs, two of which |
were of a woman and the other of a young
man. Also in the card case was a card |
with the name “Mrs. Henry Lowrey Bost-
well, 1247 Dean street, Brooklyn,” printed
anit. On the back of the card was written:

“Loviggly yours, December 25, 1908.” |

The body was sent to the Fordham
Morgue and up to a late hour last night |
no one had called to identify it.

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

Brooklyn Police Headquarters was noti-
fied ‘and a policeman was sent to the Dean
street address.

At the Dean street address on the card
it was said that Bost well had not lived there
for two years. The people in the Dean
street house had the impression that he
was a note broker who had had an offide
in Wall Street and who was fairly well off
at one time.

 

BRYAN HONORED IN BUDAPEST,

Praise of America Keynote at a Banquet
in His Honor.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

BupaAPEstT, June 1.—William J. Bryan
was a guest at a public banquet to-night.
Count Apponyi,in proposing at toast to
him, compared the United States with a
giant accumulator, producing the strongest |
conceivable cirrent of ideas of liberty and
equality. He said:
“All of us feel more secure in the poses-
sion of freedom because there exists such
a@ country as America.”
Mr~Bryan, in the course of his reply,
said that a nation’s rank is determined by
its love of freedom. The first place belongs
to Hungary, which has waged so many
struggles for freedom.
Francis Kossuth, referringto the United
States as once a colony but now a great
force, said he hoped Hungary's future
would be as happy and as flourishing as is
America’s now.

 

PARKAURSPS FAITH IN HIMSELF

Sailing for Europe, He Leaves Word That
He Could Suppress Gambling.

Before sailing yesterday,aboard the White
Star liner Cedric, the Rev. Dr. Charles H.
Parkhurst said something more about his
letter to Police Commissioner Bingham. In
response to the question, “Do you think that
if you were Police Commissioner you could
suppress gambling and other lawbreaking?”
he declared that if it was “put up to him*
he thought he could, and that, anyhow, he
believed he could do much more than was
being done now. Dr. Parkhurst intimated |
that in his absence the Parkhurst society
might “do something startling,” but he did |
not say what it would be. He will return
in three months.

NEW CANFIELD RUMOR.
St, Regis Folks Heard That He'll Run a
Place at @ East S&th Street.

A report spread in the neighborhood of
the St. Regis Hotel:on Thursday evening |
that Richard A. Canfield was going to open |
a gambling house at 9 East Fifty-fifth street, |
opposite the hotel. The rumor got going ;
when a man bringing some eoal and wooti |

|

 

 

to the house told the head porter of the
St. Regis that Canfield was going to move

n. ;
Yesterday there was a lot of indignation
among the tenants of the St. Regis. Can-
field himself said last night at the Hotel
Gotham that he had bought the house while
in Europe from an agent named Kemp for
$90,000, and that he was not going to use it
for gambling, but for a residence. He is
going to bring his collections up this after-
noon.
Somebody in the St. Regis telephoned
about the feared gambling invasion last
night to District Attorney Jerome.

 

Telegrapher's Finger Burned by EF ightning.
ATLANTIC City, N. J., June 1.—George
Hackett was struck by lightning at his key
in the telegraph office of the Pennsylvania
Railroad system at Absecon last night
while he was sending urgent messages |
during an electrical storm. His index
finger was burned by the bolt and had
to be amputated? }
ce eagianiebinamapenphimerenat

“Satan Doesn't Bulld B "hs dit
t-day's tiehy Rowe ase nn CMtoralin

.

| mlahet

“NEW YORK SATURDAY, JUNE 2.

| TERRANOVA GIRL ACQUITTED. |

wr athe arti Het Fan
WILD EN PRO NOR,

~ -

ahe Poet (he Vertint of Sat Gatity Cnty
darere Ghed Peare at Lawver's Pee

far Her sige @uageeted Conrietion

fae Wentengihter Ge i Wetting

Josephine Terrannen eae aoquitted yee
terday afternsen of the moeder of her

avet, Coneatta Reggie The jee wae
| wetiuelly cnt Afteen erimites Phe rrenihere
were unmniinene jin ther ceterninatinn

to find the giel not auilty aten they left

| the jury hee

fiueticn Seott in fie ohare eid that
the juew might aeneiot the girl of man
slaughter, and it wae within the diseretion
of the Court to eend her to «@ reformatory

He alen aaid that the jury could aequil,

epecifving that the @irl was inmane when
ehe killed her aunt. Alfhongh duatioe
Seott did not mention it, It would then be
within the diseretion of the Court fe commit

| her to an aeyiuem etil aveh time aa ahe |
jury |

he pronounced sane The
simply disregarded both su@geetion=

Much ae the verdict meant to the girl,
it did not mean her immediate freedom
When ahe killed her aunt she also stabbed
to death her uncle, Gaetano Reggio, and
ehe ia under a separate indictment for
murder in the firat degree for killing him
Su ahe was taken back to the Tomi to
await the decision of District Attorney
Jerome, who is at Lakeville, on the question
of trying her again on this charge

It was the general opinion of the District |

Attorney's office last night, no word having
been received from Mr. Jerome, that she
will not be tried again. There were many
reasons for killing her uncle--reasona even
stronger than she had for killing her aunt—
and if a jury would not hold her responsible
for the latter crime there is no likelihood
of getting a jury that would send her to the
electrie chair or to prison for killing him.

The young woman, who is just 17 years |

old, sat through yesterday's proceedings,
as during the rest of the trial, without
any sign of fear and little emotion. She
says that when freed she is going to a con-
vent. She says she will not return to her
husband, even if he should be willing to
take her. Two Sisters of Charity wai ted
for her outside the court room yesterday,
ready, it was said, to take her with them
had she been turned loose.

There wasn't much doubt about how the
jury would decide after the final address
of her counsel, John Palmieri.
to the jury was effective, so effective as a
matter of fact that six of the jurors were
crying when he got through.
self was less affected. She entered
court looking a little feverish, but
seemed to contnel herself more and more
even when Assistant District Attorney Ely
pictured her a murderess who had care-
fully planned her crime and accomplished it.

In the morning Josephine wore a gray

the

gown and black gloves. All the while Mr. |

Palmieri and Mr. Ely were summing up
she rested her chin on her gloved hand. In
the afternoon the gloves were gone and
she looked cool and comfortable in a white
spotted shirt waist. There wasn’t much of
a crowd in the Supreme Court, Criminal
Branch, (he doors being closed when Jus-
tice Scot@ began his charge afterthe noon
recess.

It was the general opinion that Justice
Scott's charge if anything leaned for a

| conviction of either degree of manslaughter

Justice Scott more than intimated that if
the gir! was convicted of either degree of
manslaughter it was in the diagretion of
the Court to send her to a reformatory and
not to prison.

“There is no room in this case for sup-
planting justice by sympathy,” he said.
“Youowe a duty to society and to the com-
munity. The law protects’ the bad as well
as the good. The law doves not permit a
person to take unto himself the power to
use violent means to right a wrong.”

The girl’s defence was that she was in-
sane when she killed her aunt and her uncle,
the Just@} said, and the jury, if they found
such to be the case ‘and decided to acquit
her, could so specify in their verdict. Then
Mr. Palmieri said that in addition to a de-
fence of insanity Josephine had also pleaded
not guilty and he asked Justice Scott to
charge that the jury could announce 4
simple acquittal. This was done by Jus-

, tice Scott.

Then the jury, whom Josephine has
called the “jury of fathers” and all of whom
have-or have had daughters, marched
out

There seemed to be a feeling in the court
room that there wouldn't be a long wait
and very few left. It was a good guess.
Before the discussion on Justice Scott's
charge had ended word came that the
jury had agreed. There was a scramble
for seats The jury walked in, some
smiling and all looking pleased with them-
selves,

“There must be order,” said Justice
Scott, “and any one who makes a demon-
ctration will be dealt with severely.”

“What is your verdict?” asked Clerk Penny.

“Not guilty,” said the foreman, closing
his jaws with something of a snap.

There was hardly a sound in the court
room. Josephine Terranova apparently

| didn't understand. One of Palmieri's law

clerks leaned over and shook her hind.
She leaned across the table to Palmieri and
he whispered to her the verdict. Her face
turned pale and then reddened, She bowed
to the jurors.

“Remanded to the Tombs,” said Justice
Scott shortly.

The girl was puzzled again, Mr. Pal-
mieri asked on what ground and he was
told. He appealed to Mr. Ely and asked
him if he couldn't say what the District
Attorney intended to do.
move and Justice Scott said that some time
would have to be given to the District
Attorney. A deputy sheriff tapped Joseph-
ine on the shoulder and she sterted out
of the court room.

Her sister was sitting in an aisle seat.
Josephine had shaken hands with her when

the jury retired. The girl got up, looking ,

dazed, and greeted Josephine. She doesn't
speak English and she didn't know the
meaning of what hadjhappened. Josephine
told her in Italian. A pleased smile came
over her face and she patted Josephine on
the back.

In the Tombs all Josephine would say was
“I'm grateful.”

 

After all, Usher's the Scotch
that made the highball famous.—Adv.

 

THE TRAIN OF THE CENTURY
is the Twentleth Century Limited, the 18-hour
train between New York and Chicago by the New
York Central Lines, Leave New York 3:3) P. M.;
gr ve Chicago at 8:39 next morning—a night's ride,
At

e.

His appeal |

The girl her- |

she |

Mr. Ely made no |

"7

 

 

Honiton wren Getemmmragh Mrgtetrre
fire of @onrty Few Mewee Mwrnttan
Weanrearw fume t tn emettepieiee

hollering feed toomt@he few fhe Woven? herr

|

Maren ange

Fhe er eperevmpren pete at tte
pegboard ty met tej rie
| Prvmngpeitineter, toemlennina at rrvtetini ght
ow May The ore pertien of the
revert boty Fepeene at trent (free 00 eritivertewe «
Wo tone) ane eontiqneed for whet eteern
minntes ‘The fetal depation af (he emeth
ia wae nemerly tewire «= thy tive
noeth ant Che cently weed (he amet ane weet
oommmonente of motion were preontet ‘

This la the feet conaidenatle amet hepaiee

Weather Pryemne
af covnpetelepatitea

atoovent

reoonted at Waehington ance the great
tan Franelecn eartheytmlke of April if
The lodiewtions fron Cheee peecnihe alrrw

that the origin of (he preeent earthqrate
| wae at a greater distance from Waahington

than San Prane! aoe

UELEN COULD GOING ARROUND.

A Pasernaer on the Deuteohiand With Jenn
| 0. Rochefetier
; The Hambura-Amerioan liner Moltke,
in lost night from the Mediterranean, was
in wireless communieation with the Deutech-
land of the same line yesterday morning,
The Deutechland reported that ehe hed
overtaken the new flyer, La Provence of
the Freneh line, whieh ia racing with her
and had passed her at 11:04 o'clock on
| Thursday night
Among the passengers aboard the Deutach-
land whose names were not on the passenger
list is Miss Helen Gould. She is going
directly to Paria to see her sister, the Coun-
| tess Castellane. She will make a tour of
| Europe and will not return until autumn.
It was said last night by relatives of Miss
| Gould that she had not gone away to bring
| her sister home.
| Miss Gould, it was said, was awake when
) she engaged passage that Mr. Rockefeller
| also would be a passenger by the Peutech-
land,

 

STATEHOOD CONFEREES AGREE,

|

|

| Bill Provisies a Referendum en Jetnt State-
| hood for Arizena and New Mexico.

| WasHINnoton, June 1.—It is generally
| dgreed that a report from the conference
| committee of the Senate and House will be
submitted to-morrow on the Statehood bill.
| An agreement has been reached and a final
| report would have been signed at the meet-
i ing of the conference to-day, but Repre-
| sentative Hamilton, chairman of the House
; Committee on Territories and one of the
at home

detained by

, conferees, Was
| illness,
The bill as agreed on by the conferees

| gives joint Statehood to Oklahoma and

|

}

|
|

 

Hin Pent Ha the PW HERE CARS BURNED IN THE SUBWAY

WORF, FENG, HHEAE, CRORE
at Wane OV eine Lees

 

fame Prem darred Bead Gre Copper
hearted (are Commie Pre Krmm Pinte

wen way tine oeny Were Ver |

firnmdway Fine Hien in Were fer

Thering the Rennewwrd riety Rete i fhe
ovens leat evening @ motorman fin «
tratw of aight care, empty, lite a fone car
train whieh het hewn let up on what ia
called the atorage of mnviceile frame het wenn
the (089 anel (10th atreet afafion® on fhe
froedway brane One of the dead core
wae jolted off the track againet the third

1906, Comerieht, (G08, by Fhe fon Printing and Pabtiahing ease lation

| Freep from Pret Memetinew, Ariv

|

ratl, cauming @ short olroult mae aetting fre

to two of the dead care
In lew time then it takew to tell it the
aubway for blows wae Mie with annote,

the care bleved, traine were held vip ane

the firemen had « lively fight

No one @eae hurt, but paesen@ere on
stalled traine in the amoke sone were badly
frightened ‘Tempers were fiffled all along
the line by the certainty of delayed dinners
and there was great excitement at the
stations and on the trains

lraffie on the Broadway line north of
ltd street wee looked for over three
hours and for a brief period there was
delay on the Lenox avenue branch, When
it wae all over, Frank Hedley, manager of
the Anterborough system, said that the
damage wae about $10,000,

It was about 646 o'clock when the eight
empty care were run out of the Ninety-
sixth street station to the middle track

The other four cara bad been standing

there for some time. The oar furthest

north wae at 100th street.

The eight awitching cars were in charge |

of a mah named Palmer and he bumped
the motor car into the dead cars. It waen't
a very great jolt. Palmer was congratulat-
ing himeelf on the fact that there seemed
to be little damage. Then flames spouted
from one of the dead cars. In a jiffy there
was a good sized blaze. The lights in the
110th and 103d street stations went out.

The smoke rolled along the tunnel in stifling |

volumes as far as the 110th street station.
Just at that time an uptown train passed
the blazing car. The lights on the train
instantly went out. Women screamed and
men scrambled to get to the doors. There
was a general panic.
Brown, an MMspector for the New York

train, he was knocked down, carrying 4
Many other
passengers on the train, which was oro wded ,
were upset. Eyeglasses were broken,
clothes were torn, shins were barked, and
it isa wonder that no one was really hurt.
Everybody scrambled out of the train
when’ it pulled into the 110th street. station,

| on joint Statehood for Arizona and New |- was, curling up into the street. Bicycle

Mexico to the voters of the regpective Terri-
tories, requiring a majority of the eleo-
tors ed for confirmatfor:
The agreement provides that the vote on
| ratification shall occur at the same election

at which State officers are chosen and the |

State Constitution adopted.

 

WOMEN DEPUTY SHERIFFS,

“We Expect to Do Our Duty,’ They Say to
Sheriff Merritt.

Wuitk Puiarins, N. Y., June 1.—The first
female deputy sheriffs ever appointed in
Westchester received their badges this
‘morning from Sheriff James S. Merritt at
White Plains. They are Miss Jessie Long,
daughter of Superintendent of Poor E. B.
Long of White Plains, and her friend, Miss
Agnes Kennedy of Peekskill. The appoint-
ments of the Misses Long and.Kennedy were
made, it was said, because they are well
known charity workers and in the employ
of the county as agents to investigate
homes where it is decided to put children.

In their rounds the young women encoun-
ter many people who threaten them and
sometimes who ure impertinent language
to them and they believe that with a badge
they can frighten thoee people into a
| recognition of their authority. Each of
| the young women after receiving the badge
| pinned it on her coat.

Sheriff Merritt had considerable fun
out of the new deputies by telling them
|

 

 

that they were likely to be called out at
any time during the night to stop prize-
Behe and to aid in running down criminals
of ail classes.

“We expect to do our duty,” Miss Long
told the Sheriff.

STEUNENBERG CASE® PUT OFF,

Trials of Alleged Assassins Postponed by
Appeal to U. 8, Supreme Court.

Borsk, Idaho, June 1.—Immediate trial
has been refused President Moyer, Secre-
tary Wood and G, A. Petebone of the West-
ern Federation of Miners on thé charge of
murdering former Gov. Steunenberg, and
their cases have been postponed indefi-
nitely.

Bail is also refused and they are remanded
to the Ada county jail.

The delay is due to the action of their
counsel in maxing two appeals to the United
States Supreme Court. It was planned by
the Idabo authorities to
speedy trial, but it was found that convic-
tion would have resulted in their freedom,
| the United States Supreme Court having
| ruled, some years ago, that there must be

no proceedings in State courts when the
| defendants have appea!s pending in the
| Buprene Court.

‘o-morrow counsel for the defence will
apply to the’ State Supreme Court for a writ
°
bail

habeas corpus and for admission to

 

CASTRO ASKED TO RETURN,

Refuses to Resume Presidency, but Offers
| to Ald Gomez at Caracas. :
WASHINGTON, June 1.—Advices received

| at the State Department to-day reveal a
| marvellous state of affaira in Venezuela.
| President Castro, who recently retired from
| the Presidency, has been asked by acting
| President Gomez to return to power. Castro
| has refused, but he offers to return to Car-
, acas—he is now at Victoria, an inland town
, —as President Gomez's secretary. No one
| here knows just what has brought about
| the peculiar situation nor what the result
| will be. President Gomez, acting, has in-
tended to call an extra session of the Vene-
zuelan Congress, which would be asked to
accept the resignation of President Castro.
As long as Congress fails to take action
on the resignation Castro is still in power,
theoretically if not practically. A part of
the Venezuelan law is that the resignation

of a President does not become effective
until accepted by Congress. There is noth-
ing to show for a certainty that President

| Castro really wants to get out of his office,
and the action of Gomez in g to
may

call a special session
| be embarrassing for st hes

 

Polfeeman Dunham and Policeman Mo-

Jam saw it and dashed imio the station.
They found men and qomen sunning ain:
leasly through the smoke, and they jumped
in to straighten things out.

About the same time a downtown train
pulled into the station. The lights on it
went out too. Then they started up again,
went out and again blinked. Roundsman
Cullen of Inspecto: Sweeney's staff and
Sergt. Coleman of the telegraph bureau
were on the train. Thgy got off, saw that
something was wr down the line and
started down to find out what it was. The

|
|
| Indian Territory and provides a referendum | py that time the amoke was thick and
|
|

| smoke drove them back and “they helped

get the crowd that left the train tothe street.

In the meantime some one turned in a
fire alarm and the subway employees had
been very active. There are a number of
switches or brakes, as explained by Manager

| Hedley later, which serve to cut off the

|

 

Bove as
4 Ba oe ae

electric power from sections of track, This
was done at once. The current was shut
off between Ninety-sixth and 110th streets,
ao that the section became safe for the fire-
men to work 4n when they fought their
way through the smoke to the burning
oars. :

At first the firemen tried to get through
the 110th street station, but the smoke
was too thick for them. Then the men of
Truck 22, one of the first to arrive, headed
by Lieut. Hagan, pushed a couple of lad-
ders down through the light shaft at 108th
street. One after the other, the firemen
climbed down and were driven back, atifled
by the smoke.

After a little rest and fresh air, however,
they went at it again and kept on until
they got a couple of streams to bear on
the two cars, which were then burning
fiercely. After that, it wasn't long before
the firemen had the blaze beaten, although
it took quite a little work and jconsiderable
water to quench the fire entirely.

In the hour that it took to accomplish
this trains were piling up below Ninety-
sixth strest. Some trains that got above
Ninety-sixth street on the Broadway branch
were halted in the tungel for over half an
hour and were then hauled back to Ninety-
sixth street. This caused some grumbling
and much uneasiness, especially among the
women.

To relieve thea congestion Broadway

; ; 1,
ive the accused a | trains were switched to the lenox branch

at Ninety-sixth strest and continued up-
town. Other Broadway trains were
switched to the downtown track.

At the Ninety-sixth street station there
was a good deal of grumbling by persons
who could not continue to their homes
along the Broadway division clear up to
Kingsbridge. Many of the passengers
thought that they should get transfers to
the surface lines. They didn't. The ticket |
sellers had no instructions and thes® was no
one in authority who would give them.

Rumors of twotrains loaded with passen- |
gers colliding, with many killed and injured, |
were circulated on the street. A crowd of |
5,000 collected, mostly womenand children, |
and there was a pitiful state of alarm among |
the families of downtown business people. |
To atid to the general tieup, the Broadway |
surface cars were stopped,the firemen having
run hose across the tracks. This was an-
other cause for grumbling on the part of
those who had left the subway expecting
to get surface cars.

According to some of the filremen.the cars
that burned were copper sheathed outside
and wooden inside. This was denied by
Manager Hedley, who said that the cars |
were copper sheathed inside and out,

 

 

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived: Ss Pring Oskar, Genoa, May 164; :
tevia, Hamburg. May 18. Y 7.
‘

 

 

 

A. Corporation With a Soul.

New York, «J 1.--The We inion Tele-
grep comppay ee fenctous ee

he
£ as

According to F. E. |

| be generous,
! fighting for control of the children may
| be connected with the idea of securing

7

ota. «ane FUSS

   
  

wm nePaRTen Rhee Fe eT
Prange Gant 10 Here Ween sened PaP to
Cet @rethere a6. 1 fiprenes Hine

fe Paaw, Tow, deme fo ft me repented
here tiie affwrnenn (hat atl (he Serie
at WC Greene's mines hewn gone len atrite
vel Chat Font ye cemne leitioed ine a ret

The report enpe (hat (lew = Vertet of
Menere be aw font with freee amet that
A reeepeee? haw heen crime for Ceitert Mhates

Cipedne hie lett fhe eine anal le never ir
Waew

POTTR NOON WINGTY TONNE ONER

Present Congrrerman Yomtnated for fer.
erner ty fie Wenenrate
Neewernne, Tenn, fone 1 The Mon
Mateotn Rice Pattarenn of Meniyptia, Cnn
grewman from the Tenth ciettot, won the
fiat for the nomination for Governor in
the Permoeratie State convention fecer

The report of the committer on oreden-
tiale @hich had heen in seston three dave, |
wae meade at the morning emaion

A test vote ahowed the atrength of the
lending candidates for Governor, the Pat- |
tereon men acoring a decidel vietory
After that the Patterson supporters had
things their own way |

At to-niaht's aeasion Patterson wae nomi
nated by acclamation, no other nannies bee

ing presented

CASTELLANE FIGHTS DIVORCE, |

Wants More Alimony Than te Ontered and
Objects te Giving Up Children ¢
Special Cable Despoteh to THE SON

Pants, Jane t. Count Boni de Castellane |
ia showing himaelf to be extremely obatinate
It now appeara that hia wife's suit for di- |
voroe will be fought \to a finish. Hitherto
the Count seemed to be inclined to accept
the inevitable, but he has suddenly become
exacting.

The main point of contention i# the cts-
tody of the children. Countess Anna de- |
mands sole control of them and their educa-
tion, while permitting the Count to visit
them when they are in Paria. The amount |
of alimony also remains unsettled, although
on this point the Countess is disposed to
The Count's” obstinacy in

 

 

| more advantageous financial terms. |

| Fire Insurance Exchange, who was on the |
|!
{

' woman with him to the floor.

 

 

| of his touring car with a telegraph pole near

Senator Depew Not to Return to Washing-

| rest of this session of Congress is plainly
| indicated in a letter

Several persons who are intimate with the
Count and Countess intimate that the Count
is acting with his customary folly.

SAIL TO-DAY.

President's Daughter at a Theatre Party
atfihe New York Last Night.

Representative and Mrs. Nicholas Long-
worth were the guests of Mr. and Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt at a box party at the
New York Theatre last night. Other mem-
bers of the party were Mrs. Douglas Robin-
son, Mis. R. T. Wilson and Mr. and Mre.
R. T. Wilson, Jr.

The party .occupied two boxes on the
right hand side of the middle tier. When
asked about his trip abroad, Representative
Longworth said that he and Mrs. Long-
worth looked forward to the trip with a
great deal of pleasure and considered it a
belated honeymoon. They will sail on the
American Line steamship St. Louls this
morning. ;

LONGWORTHS

 

INDIANA TO INDORSE pry AN.

 

Democratic State Leaders Will Present

Resolution to Convention,

INDIANAPOLIS, June 1.—The Indiana Dem-
ocrats will meet in State convention on
Thuraday next, and a resolution will be
offered indorsing William Jennings Bryan
for President in 1998. The party leaders say
that it is a foregone conclusion that such a
resolution would be demanded, and while
questioning the propriety of the party
taking such a step now, they have deter-
mined to gratify the popular demand.

Nearly every county that has elected
delegates has indorsed Bryan and the
Eleventh district convention adopted a
resolution urging his nomination.

poe
CAPTURE COREAN CASTLE,

Japanese Blow Open the Gate and Make
120 Rebels Prisoners.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

Tokio, June 1.—A despatch from Seoul
says that the Japanese exploded a mine
against the gate of the castle of Songjyu,
Corea, at dawn yesterday and took the
castle, with 120 prisoners. Sixty of the
rebels and two Japanese soldiers were killed.
The ringleader.of the rebels and 100 of bis
followers escaped.

STRIKE ENDS.

 

 

ILLINOIS MINE

Miners and Operators Sign an Agreement
Running Til April, 1908,

SPRINGFIELD, IJl., June 1.—The coal min-
ing strike in Illinois, involving 60,000 mine
workers, is ended. The joint convention
of operators and miners to-day by unan-
imous vote accepted the report of the
joint scale committee and appointed a
committee of three from each side, which
signed the joint scale for @ term ending
March 81, 1908. ,

It is estimated that the strike has cost
the miners about $6,000,000 in wages, while
the operators say they have made money
by remaining idle.

 

FATAL AUTO ACCIDENT.
Frank Allsopp Killed Instantly and His
Wire's Lege Broken.

New Brunswick, N. J., June 1.—Frank
Allsopp was killed instantly in a collision

 

here this afternoon. His skull was broken,
He turned out to avoid a wagon. His wife,
who was with him on the front seat, had both
legs broken, but will recover. His three
nieces, Alioe and Ellie Allsopp and Florence
Baker, on the rear seat escaped unhurt.
The party were returning to Newark from
Asbury Park. Allsopp was a wholesale
jeweller and had been to Asbury Park for
the day.

 

ton This Session.
WasHINGTON, June 1.—That Senator De-
pew will not return to Washington for the

received from him
by Senator Platt in response to an urgent
appeal from Mr. Platt that his colleague
resume his legislative duties. Mr. Depew
in his answer asks that he be paired on the
case of Senator Reed Smoot of Utah and on
several other pending matters, and other-

wise shows that he does not intend to come ;
to Washington. J

Ea

ae y

ec

 

       

Se ee

PRICE TWO CENTS,

TWINK THEY HAVE
BOMB THROWER

Madrid Police Pick Out Urates,
Spanish Anarchist, as
the Assassin,

ENGLISH SUSPECT WELD

Though It’s Row Betleved Ha's an
Innocent Bank Clerk on

a Holiday.

aa

¢ yr 0 :

   
 

hing ane Queen Vrenee Great bathneteen
tie Priving Theatal the streete € heme
corted Alfenen Viette the Wounded
GQteen Vietorta Sends Wreathe for

the Coffins of the Stetine Poneral
Cortege Passa (ver the Mame Rowe

as the Wedding Processton Property
Fett tn the Room teed by the (esneein
Shows Theil fe tiad Mienty of Maney
Many Suspects Taken in Pottce Net,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN

Maprip, June 1. There is no certainty

| that the man who threw the bomb that

wrecked the royal carriage yesterday, killed
seventeen person wounded many
others has been captured, although more
than a dozen avowed and suspected anar-
chists, including the well known Federico
Urales, have been arrested,

This man, whose name variously
spelled Moran and Morales, is regarded as
undoubtedly having been the actual bomb
thrower, and the mystery of his escape
from 88 Calle Mayor isan unending subjeot
of conjecture.

The capture of Urales was made by @
civil guard mamed Francisco Miralleas,
who was stationed yesterday opposite the
house from which the bomb was thrown.
He had previously served in Barcelona
and says he recognized on the balcony a
man whom he had arrested some time
ago as a suspect. He was accompanied
by another man. The policeman: kept
both carefully under observation. They
disappeared from the balcony and a bomb
was thrown from the interior of the room.

This morning Miralles was at the Southern
Railway’ station watching the departure
of the trains when, he says, he recognized
one of the men whom he had seen on the
balcony and promptly arrested him.

ENGLISHMAN UNDER ABREST.

The police also arrested this morning
an Englishman who gives his name as
Robert Hamilton. He is a man of 50. A
knife and fork and 50 pesetas were found
on him. He says he attended a bullfight
yesterday and knew nothing of the bomb
throwing. A barber near the station,
when he was arrested, who shaved him,
says he speaks Italian and Spanish.

The proprietor of No. 88 Calle Mayor
and a tenant of the house say they do not
know him, but the concierge of the house
says he asqended the stairs yesterday, and
the policeman, Miralles, identifies him as
the man who came onto the balcony with
Urales to watcb the approach of the royal
procession.

The captain of the civil guards, who was
the first to examine him, believes he is an
accomplice of if not the actual thrower
of the bomb,

When the man was arrested the crowd
made an attempt to lynch him, One man
slashed at the prisoner with 9 swordcane,
inflicting a wound.

After an exchange of telegrams bet ween
Madrid and London the British Embassy
was convinced that the suspicions against
Hamilton are baseless, even ludicrous, and
requested his release. The authorities,
however, courteously replied that they
could not liberate him until he was fully
exculpated.

It is understood that Hamilton is a clerk
in the Bank of England, who was spending
a holiday in Spain. He 2ame to Madrid
to see the wedding.

TRAIL OF THE ASSASSIN.

The assassin had previously engaged a
room in another of the streets through
which the royal procession was to pass,
but abandoned it because there was no
baloony overlooking the street.

On May 24 or 25 he called at 88 Calle
Mayor and asked fora balcony looking on
the street, offering to pay 25 pesetas a day
if the oocupant of the room was willing to
move out for the time being. He would not
allow anybody to enter the room, alleging
indisposition. Yesterday he ordered a
bouquet. As the royal carriage passed he
hurled the bouquet containing the bomb,
drew quickly back, changed his hat and
escaped amid the confusion.

A search of the room resulted in the find-
ing of a white powder similar to dynamite
and a glase syringe which smelt strongly
of bitter almonds. With this, it is supposed,
it was intended to load a bomb when the
procession began to pass. A stylish suit
and a suit of workman's clothes were found
in the room. ;

Other property left in his room indicates
that the assassin had plenty of money. It
included a costly trunk, a handsome dress-
ing case and expensive clothing. There
was also a blood stained handkerchief,
suggesting that he had been wounded by
the bomb, but it has been demonstrated
that he probably out his hand in hastily
opening « tube of fulminate of meroury to

was bone

and

dN
a

 

Pra} a
Tail

re