Sxpicstusy++

rah
<

oy

hs oa
Sa TRS

BAA ie hs Aras
FRONTS, He

>

hte
aE Se OED oe

RON Ss ond Aig PN |

ee eee rks

 

        
 
  
  
   

“VOL. LXXVIL—NO,. 67. .

TAFT DEGLARBS HIS POLICY

\O ONE WITHIN THE LAW NEED
FEAR HIS ADMINISTRATION.

 

Declares That He Is Looking Up at the
World and Hopes Ile May Be a Presi.
cent Without a "Swelled Head" and
May Have Strength to Meet Burdens,

Cincinnati, Nov, §.—Judge Taft was
the guest of honor to-night at a dinner
given by the Cincinnaté Commercial Club
in the Queen City Club.

Mr. Taft is an honorary member of the
Commercial Club, which was organized
to promote Cineinnati’s business interests.
The club had planned té§ have Judson
Harmon, the newly elected Democratic
Governor of Ohio, as-a guest. with Mr.
Taft, but he sent a telegram late this
afternoon saying that his daughter,
Mrs. Alfred Cassatt of England, was
ill in Chicago and would have to under-
go an operation. He left for. Chicago at
once and sent his regrets to the dinner

committee.

Seated at the speakers’ table with Mr.
Taft were, among others: Judge Howard
Holliater of Cincinnati; Lawrence Max-
well, Solicitor-General in Grover Cleve-
land's second administration; Myron T.
Herrick, former Governor of Ohio; Mel-
ville E. Ingalls, Mayor Leopold Mark-
breit of this city, E. A. Colston, Judge
Harmon's law partner; Congressman
Nicholas Longworth, Charles Nagel,
national committeeman for Missouri,
and C. B. Wright, president of the club.

The diners included practically all of
Cincinnati's substantial busimess and pro-
fessional men.

President Wright said in introducing
Mr. Taft that they couldn't expect to
keep “this great big man” hidden among
themselves, “Tbe whole world has need
of him,” said he.

Mr. Wright proposed this toast: “To
our astute councillor, Judge Taft; to our
friend and neighbor, Will Taft; to our
fellow member, Bill Taft, and to bia ex-
cellency the next President of the United
States, William Howard Taft,”

The toast was drunk standing, while
the orchestra played The Star Spangled
Panner.

Mr. Taft, in beginning, admitted that
the world from his ) roms’ viewpoint
seemed on a decidedly upward course.
“But I hope,” he added, “that if cir-
cumstances had demanded it should
have been a good loser and also
tnat I can prove to be a reasonable and
properly sensible winner.” %

Mr. Taft hoped further that he would
te able to get along without a “swelled
bead” and that he would be able to meet
the burdens that were certain to come.
He went on; é

“lam very hopeful that the predictions
mada by. me in my" onnvass in‘regard to
the busineas future of the country may

and that with puch certainty investors
may feel justified in investing capital
and in putting out fumds for railroad
construction and for projecting and carry-
ing on great business enterprises.

“I feel that this is entirely consistént
with the maintaining and clinching of
the Roosevelt policies as I understand
them and as you u them; that
is, that the lawsare to enforced and
that business men are to be shown the
lines of legality.”

Mr. Taft went on to say that there must
be obedience to the statutes on the books
by the business men of the country,

“We all,” he added, “are charged with
the duty of retaining the standard reached
by the. present Administration. No

” favors are to be expected from the next

administration by men who break the
law. Every business man who is obeying
the law may go ahead with all the energy
in his possession; every enterprise which
is within the statutes may proceed with-
out fear of interference from the admin-
istration when acting legally, but ail in-
terests within the jurisdiction of the
Federal Government may 6: a rigid

dishonest

enforcement of the laws agai
methods.” Pp

As Judge Taft finished this declaration
the 200 guests jumped to their feet and
cheered. They realized that it struck the
keynote of the Taft administration policy
toward business interests for the next
four years.

“Business men,” Mr. Taft continied,
“are to be shown the lines of legality
and are to be directed in keeping within
those lines, They shall know that they
are to conform to the laws and that no
favors are to be expected for those who
break the laws. In this way men who
conduct a legitimate business may un-
‘iyretand that the Government is back
cf {hem and does not intend to do any-
thing to interfere with their legitimate
advancement. It is only a question of
‘sa definite knowledge of the statutes
aud of their clear understanding which
shall make the honest progress of our ;

business possible. And that, in my n|

:
B
E
:
q
F
gp ifeetbaeebeg? G1 ghteed dietl

lief, is all that 's necessary to make that
ogress substantial and enduring.”
From a consideration of the business
“.tlook Mr. Taft turned to the burdens |
of the office he is about to enter upon. |
He spoke very ‘seriously and showed |
Considerable feel'ng He said: i
“lonly wish tosay to you,my friends, that
! am not entering upon this new career |
ightly — welcome, of course, expres- |
sions of confidence in the success of my |
‘iministration from my friends, but 1|
‘now the troubles that will arise. In-.
leed I know that I don't know ae great ;
‘any of the difficulities that may come up. |
“| know there will be times when many |
‘ my friends will shake their heads and!
“4y, Poor Bill, I didn't think he’d make!
uch a mistake. He must be under some |
align influence; somebody is advising |

nm wrong.’ |
“But criticism," Mr. Taft went on, “is |
something that every administration has ;

had All 1 ask of you is that you suspend ;
iment until the end of the four years, |
and that even then you will still preserve |
Creep in your hearts a hope that something
“y come up which will explain what
nay appear to be my many faulte and
'nisiakes.” Mr. Taft was cheered roundly
@ cain,
rarly in his speech Mr. Taft referred
\\ the human side of hie campaign. For
ve thing he had discovered that the
fact that a man bad a name like “BIN”
“as a distinct qualification for munsing.

" peas
yh eed La

 

a

 

  
   
    
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
      
   
    
    
    
     
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
    
        
   
 
     
    
 
  
 
  
     
  
 
   
   
 
  
     
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
     
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
     
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
      
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
  

 
    

Mr. Taft said also that he used to look
on railroad presidents like Ingalls as
gentlemen rolling in luxury, as men who
could go running all around the country
in a private car.

“Well,” said Mr. Taft, “L can say now

after six weeks experience in one of the |:

cars that they can have all the private
cars they want.” / ;

But railroad presidents, Mr. Taft re-
marked, were not subject to all inoon-
veniences that he was. For instance, he
Was awakened regularly at 6 A, M. with
the cry “Where is Taft?”

“And if I didn't get up,” said the Presi-
dent-elect, “it was only a few minutes
when the shout would be changed to
‘Hurrah for Bryan!”

Mr. Taft took pleasure in recalling in
these peaceful days the number of bosses
he had had on his campaign trip.

“Never in all my life,” eaid he, “have I
been bossed so much. There was a regu-
lar coterie of them. I was told what time
I should go to bed, what time I should
arise, what I should eat, how long my
speeches should be. Oh, I was bossed
even down to detai’s of life that I should
not enumerate. But now with November
8 behind me there is only one boss and that
one is the lady.”

It was almost midnight when the dinner
was over.

SLAPPED BY A WOMAN.

Sargean With an Eye fer Children Re-
buked and Carried te Court.

A man who said that he was Dr. Julius
E. Burrett, chief of the orthopedic depart-
ment of the Johns Hopkins Hospital in
Baltimore, was arrested last night in the
Grand Central Station on complaint of
Miss Kate Dalton of 40 West Thirty-fifth
street, who declared that he had annoyed
her. Miss Daiton did not appear at the
night court, where the doctor was taken,
and he was discharged.

Dr. Barrett told Magistrate Steinert
that he was on his way from Baltimore
to Syracuse on a professional visit.
While waiting for his train at the station
he had-been attracted by the antics of
children who were playing near where he
sat.- In order to observe the children
better he moved across the aisle aptt sat
down next to Miss Dalton. After a mo-
ment he remarked to her, he told the
Court, that the children were very amus-
ing. Miss Dalton replied by slapping his
face and screaming. An attendant blew
8 police whistle and Dr. Barrett was taken
first to the East Fifty-first street police
station and then to the night court.

Miss Dalton had been told to be in court
By 9:30 o'clock. The Magistrate held
Dr. Barrett until after 10 and then dis-
charged him.

 

THINK GERMANY MEANS WAR.

Members of the Russian Duma See Sinis-
ter Outcome of Balkan Troubic.
Spectat Cable Despatch to TRE SUN.

Str. Pererspurc, Nov, 5—It is the
general belief of the members of the
Duma that the clouds are thickening over
the Balkans and that Gérmany- meats
to have war, using Auitria aq ber van-
guard. Austria whether beaten or vio-
torious would be almost equally weak-
ened. Therefore either event would be
favorable to Germany's ultimate aims.

The Novoe Vremya, reviewing the situa-
tion, finds two outstanding facts: First,
the ruin of twenty years of German work
in Turkey, where Germany has lost all
influence; and second, that Italy is no
longer actually a member of the Triple
Alliance owing to Austria's action in the
Balkans, which has alarmed Italy for
Albania. paper adds: ,

“We do not say that Italy would figh
against Austria, but she certainly would
not fight with her in such a cause. Italy
is ripe for a new political combination.
She cannot longer march with her former
allies.”

FIVE FILIPINO EDITORS J AILED

@n a Charge of LAbelling Commissioner
4 D. ©, Worcester,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Mania, P. I., Nov: 6.—Five Filipino edi-
tors of the Renacimiento, a reactionary and
anti-American newspaper which is pub»
Jished here in three languages and whicli
has been advocating immediate independ-
ence for the Philippines, supporting Bryan
, and has been rabidly

al ae have
been arrested on 4 oharge of tibet Com-
missioner ©. ‘Worcester: |

DINNER TO SHERMAN.

Speaker Cannen One of the Jubiiators
at the Holland House.

Speaker Cannon of the House of Repre-
sentatives cate to thie city yesterday on
his way to Washington to attend a dinner
given iast night at the Holland House
to James 8S. Sherman, the Republican
nominee for Vice-President, by «@ few |
friends. It was an informal geth-!|
ering, but it was one of jubilation over

 

+NEW YORK, FRIDAY,

eS

/

 

 

WHY ELIOT RESIGNED.

 

Tella Stadents It Was Se He Might Net
Hear It Geld ‘His Powers Are Failing.’’

Campripor, Mass., Nov. 5.—The sight |" -.
of a Harvard football masa meeting cheer-
ing iteelf hoarse for President Eliot and
surrounding his house until be appeared
on his porch is an unp ted sight
at Harvard. But it was still more un-
usual to see President Eliot address the
immense gathering of atudents from the
Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sux, ert etic and talk to them for

Loxpon, Nov. 5.—Disgust and exasper-| 46 demonstration started at the big
ation are the only terms with which to | ¢ootbhall mass meeting which was held,
describe the universal feeling in Europe | to-night in the Harvard Union. At th
in regard to Germany's course in the | lose of the meeting somebody suggested
Casablanca incident. She has played | “President Eliot," and the 000 men present

’ instantly acted on the suggestion. -Led
Bismarck's old game of creating a foreign y BE
crisis to distract attention from her by President Cableof the senior clans,

the rebed in a body to his h
domestic embarrassment. The device was re y onse ee

surrounded the porch, cheering repeat-
so palpable as to be an insult to Gefman|edly, When President Fliot appeared
public intelligence.

the cheering was deafening. After a
It was suddenly abandoned to-fiy,

few moments he got a chanoe to speak.
doubtless because it was already evident

He eaid,in part:
that the country refused to be deceived Sestereay hed Maen to 65 on she
by so puerile a manewuvre, The German

reasons for my resignation I refused to
Government also had sense enough to

do eo, I think I should like to.say a few
perceive it was making iteelf ridiculous

words to you on the subject. In the
first place I don't want to have my coming
in the eyes of the outside world. It was
merely childish and absurd to attempt

to raise this trifling incident into a casus

retirement referred to with regret. i
thinks we shouldall look forward to it with
belli, although there was every evidence
yesterday of such a determination on the

hope. We must all set to work to find
some able, efficient young man for the
part of the German authorities.
The feature which gave the situation

place. When he is found he will carry
a dangerous aspect was the reckless re-

GERMANY YIBLDS 10 FRANCE!

eestlpdnsties me
ABANDONS OBVIOUS BLUFF
OVER CASABLANCA AFFAIR,

   
  
   
 
 
   
  

 

Eurepe Disgusted by Kalser's Game of
Creating a Foreign Crisis Which the
German People Weuldna't Stand For
—Feare as to What Me'll Do Next.

_™

:

Tay

the

have

took ”

on the work as it has been carried out in

the past and place Harvard in a aitill
higher position than she now oooupies.

“Now I want it understood that I am

not siok, I am not tired and I am in good

action which hag taken place during the | health so far as I know. But when a life

last week in the attitude of the Kaiser | has reached the age of 75 years it looks

and hia advisers. The reception given|for rest and retirement. I resigned

to his famous interview everywhere has | 8 that I might not hear it said ‘His

deeply embittered Emperor William. He | Poets are failing.” Dr. Apfold of Rugby

used to say that a man yas not fitted

can hardly be described as an apostle of |+, be the head master of a public school

peace at the present moment. ~ | whenfhe, could no longer go up stairs two

The German people, however, are not | steps at atime, I can do that yet. The

of his

NOVEMBER 6, 1908.—copvrion, 1008, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

ROKER COMES DOWN TOWN
WITH A BLACK’ BYE.

 

Hed Met the Chairman of the Business

en's Sub-Committee ef the Demo

cratic National Committee and Got
the Worst of It; in Fact, Got All of It,

A slightly discolored eye and a slightly
bruised left cheek which Edward Wasser-

of Waseermann Bros. showed to his

fellow brokers on the Stock Exchange
yesterday he explained by giving out
¢formal bulletin:

ving my house ay usual, Ecalled on

‘my way down town at James Bell, the
tailor... There 1 met Mr. Isaac Stern, with
whoin I entered into conyersation, and
was discussing the events of the day when

inly became aware that Mr. Nathan

Strats, who was in his shirt sleeves, came
up to

here I was standing and without
t provocation, verbal or other-

wise; struck me in the face.
_ “Por the moment I was dumfounded.
Straus, assuming a be!ligerent attitude,
adcused me of having sent him an offen-
sive letter about three years ago.

We
met in the interval, but never until

to-day did he show any pugilistic pro-
pensities,

“The hote of offence to which he refers
presums#bly applied to a communication
which 1

forwarded him when he
an offensive position against the

Administration. I reminded him then
that President Roosevelt had conferred
one of the greatest honors not only on

the Jewieh race but particularly on the
Straus family through the appointment

brothér to the Cabinet, making him

This formal typewritien stat4ment Mr.

reckless, and they have no desire for war | occupation which has been mine for a Jife- | the Secretary of Commerce and Labor.”
|

just now. Moreover, if the Kaiser should time has been a most pleasant one and I

endeavor to arouse belligerent feelings | geen and unexpected taske that only the | conv
his efforts are likely to have an opposite vigor of a young man can cope with. made
effect in the present temper of his people | Good night.” ‘
toward him. The flurry of the last three
days is but another evidence of the fever- |
ish spirit which prevails in European ine |
ternational councils. It is this absence | @PPenemts ef Dakota Reform Measure
of calm when great issues are at stake | Wey EC bras Beaten.
which makes the world apprehensive
H.R. C,

ee tee
DIVORCE LAW IN DOUBT.

| of the proposed new divorce law raising
| the period of residence in South Dakota
5 | from six months to one year to-night
BOTH NATIONS TO APOLOGIZE | are confidently claiming that
| wae defeated on Tuesday by the voters
And Then Arbitrate-—-Franee Would Not | of the State. '
Be Blufed. | Those favoring the law by no means
Spretal Cable Despatches to Tax Sux. concede that it has been defeated.
BrRitx, Nov. 5.—An amieablo eettle-| If the measure has been defeated it
ment of the Casablanca affair has been | was due to several causes, chief of which
arranged on tho basis of mutual apolo-| is the fact that the proposed divorce law
gies, after which the facts at issue will! was greatly handicap by being placed
be arbitrated. | upon a separate ballot containing three
The precise fofmule for the apologies | other proposed laws, two of-them being
have not been decided upon, but they will | county option and a Jaw designed te pro-
express regret for the improper conduct | hibit Sunday amusements.
of the officials of the respéctive coun-| The county option law appeared first
tries. | on the separate ballot, being followed by
Before the settletpent was announced | the divorce act. There is no doubt that
the following official statement was made | thousands of voters after glancing part
with regard fo Germany's demand in the | way down the county option measure by
Casablanca affair: f | mistake turned their attention to the
“It is untrue that Germany asked France | bottom of the divoree law and placed an
to punish the officers and subordinates for | X before the word “No” under the divorce
their conduct at Casablanca. It is equally | law, thinking they wére voting “No” on
untrue that Germany demanded agatis- | county option.
faction and an apology to the German; There is no doubt thet other thousands
consulate authorities at Casablanoa The | of voters having decided to vote “No* on
truth is that Getmany required of France | the Sunday amusement law and county
a short expression of regret that the | option decided to vote “No” in general
French military authofities had inter- | on proposed Jaws and thus voted against
fered with German consular privileges at’ the divorce act. {
Casablanca.” . | _—___——- x
The statement added that there was | POLICE CAPTAINS CATCH IT.
nothing unreasonable in this demand, ; -_ ‘
which is quite customary in such cases. | Three Fined for Letting Taxicab Strike
All Governments make such a demand as Got the Better of Them.
a matter of course. The Government; (Capt. John Daly of the West Forty-
would not hesitate a moment to express | seventh street station and Capt. Michael
regret if German solciers had interfered | J, Reidy of the West Sixty-eighth street
with the rights of a foreign Power, re-| station were fined ten days pay apiece
serving detail for further discussion. | yesterday and acting Captain Thomas H.
Paris, Nov. 5.—It became known Ac. | Mephy of the Tenderloin was fined five
night that France and Germany are both | days pay, all for “dereliction in the per-
prepared’ to declare it regrettable that | formance of duty and failure to obey
their accredited agenis should have orders.”
teen subjected to violence in neutral |
territory. Franco says she regrets that sioner Bingham. Daly and Reidy were
her soldiers should have attacked 2 German | put on trial two weeks ago for failing to
consular cgent, and Germany expresses | hold lieutenants and sergeants on reserve
regret that her agent should have ox-/during the taxicab strike. They got
cooded his powers. ; five days on this. Daly was also charged
On the forogoing basis both Powers! with failing to obey an order issued by
agroo to arbitrate all questions of fact | Inspector Walsh and Reidy was accused
and law arising from tho esizuro of the! of failing to provide proper police pro-
deserters from the Forocign Logion at| tection in his precinct during the strike
Casablanca. and with not taking proper steps to pre-
The attitude of the French Government | vent violations of the law.
toward Germany was spunky to the ond.| Acting Captain Mutphy was fined for
It declined to be bluffed by tho Kaiser. not holding lieutenants and sergeants
A note issued this afternoon announcéd | on reserve when ordered to by Inspector
that Ambassador Cambon, at Berlin, | Steinbruck. He was first on the eligible
tendered yesterday to the German For-|list for promotion to a captain, Two

 

hands

 

Stern

over

edly.

and M
Mr.

paign

et

Huge
and a
which

of the

The

before a blow was atruck.
said, “That's a lie!” and thon every one
was surprised to see Mr Straus, who is
a fuch slighter man than Mr. Wacser-
mann, weighing perhaps 130 pounds to sulted in the loss of their vessel, the old
Mr. Wassermann’s 10, strike him repeat- | yacht Mayflower, the Southern Research

heat became op

regret to terminate it, But it calls for| Wasgermann supplemented by excited

tion, in the course of which he
evident that he did not approve
. Straus from any point of: view.
reatened.to take the matter to the

urte and challenged Mr. Straus to make
public thé letter which, according to Mr.
Wassermann,was tho cause of the trouble.
“I'm only sorry,” he said, “that I haven't
ot the letter.
Stoux Fas, 8. D., Nov.5.—Opponents | tha if Mr, Straus will give it out for
publication I'll give $100 to his milk
charity or any other charity he names.”

“Didn't you hit him back?” Mr. Wasser-
e measure | aan’

I'd make it public gladly,

s brother, Jesse Wassermann, asked

him atAhis juncture.

“This is just the way it happened,”
Edward Wassermann rejlied.
mp by surprise.
with Mr. Stern when he came up, sh

“He took
1 wae standing talking

with Mr, Stern, and then noticing

me said that I was a man who wrote him
an ingulting letter three years ago. Then
he hit me twice in the face before I knew
what he was about. I had my over
and bat on and carried a cane. I

up the cane, but just then Mr. Bell, Mr.

and a lot of the clerks rushed in

between us and I couldn’t get at him. I
tried to strike him with the cane over
Mr. Bell's shoulder, but missed him.”
According to an account hy a, man
who was in the shop at the time of the
happening Mr.Wassermann and Mr. Straus
were engaged in an animated discussion

minutes
Some one

polities for several

Mr. Waesermann, according to this

aocount. fell back upon a table. The
table was covered with suitings and was
not an’ uncomfortable resting place.
Mr. Bell and the clerks interposed and
Mr. Straus went out,

Mr. Wassermann
r. Stern followed in a few minutes.
Straus, who was in the late cam-
chairman of the business men's

sub-committee of the Demooratic na-
tional committee, absolutely refused to |
discuss the episode. i

 

REMARKABLE STORM AT SEA,
The fines were imposed by Commis- I Wightitke’ Clouds,

Biiading lightuing,
Rain and Hal) In Succession,

Boston, Nov. 5.—An awe inspiring
electrical storm was witnessed by the
officers and men of the steamer Kabinga,
Calcutta to Boston, on Thureday last.

black clouds suddenly appeared,
shrill whistling could be heard,
told of an approaching wind. The
ve. The entire roof

sky seemed to split open and a

blinding flare of light came forth, Then
like the crash of a hundred siege guns
came the clap of thunder

waves became like cliffs and the

ship was tossed from one to another.

the success of the Republican ational) eign Secretary, Von “choén, a written | captains and ten lieutenants are to be | The rain fell in big drops that were ao hot

. It arra: by Congressman
William ‘Bh. McKinley. chairmen of

 

Republican mittee, and
Congressman H. C. Loudenslager, the
secretary of that body. Among the
besides Mr. Sherraan were Con-

John Dalzell of Ronney/vanee,

teeman

illiam L. Ward, national ccommi
from this State, and Congressman William |
A. Rodenberg of Illinois.

a a

KROTEL, CITY MAGISTRATE. |

Mayer Puts Jerome's Deputy Assistant In
Wanhte's Pince.

Mayor McClellan has appointed Deputy
Assistant District Attorney Paut Krotel |

 

| without any

| Pichon explained the French Govern- [=e of the office he holds.

intimation that France desired arbitra- | named on Monday. ;
tion on the entire Casablanca incident, --

The
Preliminary | cEpression® | aTTORNEY -GENKRAL RESIGNS.

 

 

of regret,
Schoeni replied, the note stated, that

as to almost ecald those whom they struck.

roar of thunder and the flash “af

the lightning was almost eontinuous.
as Germany desired. Von ; Suddenly. and without warning the hot
rain changed to hail that sounded like the

Germany would make her reply known | MeCarter of New Jersey Asks Gov. Fort breaking of plate glassfas it fell.

later to Name a Successor.

"The Cabinet met at the Elysées Palace

at noon under the presidency
President Fallidres.
ment’s position on the question of arbi-| Mr. McCarter wanted to resign several
tration.
mencesu personally was indignant at{ persuaded not to act until after his re- |
Germany's present action, and that he turn. Since then he has talked with the |
dictated a reply to Berlin insisting that |Governor on the matter and the latter

For some time the officens feared that
Attorney-General Robert H. MoCarter | the vessel might be overwhelmed, but
of | of New Jersey yesterday sent from his | after a few hours the sun shone again.
Foreign Minister | office in Newark to Gov. Fort his resigna- | Then it‘was found that the steamer was
encrusted with a crystal coating of salt.
Large quantities of it were upon her hull
It is known that Premier Cle- | months ago before going abroad but was | when she came into port.

 

WEALTH IN A MEAL BAG.

to be a City Magistrate to succeed Charles | arbitration should be accepted without | urged him to remain in office until after | Bedford, N. ¥., Merchant Left 600 Four

G. F. Wahle, who recently resigned. Mr, |
Krotel is 46 years old and lives at 7 eer
'Twenty-sixth street. He was appoin

a Depitt Assistant District Attorney in|
1902 and has served under Mr. Jerome !
since then. For the last four years he!
has been at the head of the complaint
bureau of the District Attorney's orias
and bis work in this office bureau
brought him into daily contact with the
Court of Special Sessions and with the
Magistrates’ courts. His salary will be

$i, a year.

ave confidencein them, Germany would

Crysanthemum Named for Taft.

Cricaao, Nov. &.-The national flower
show opens at the Coliseum to-morrow and
one of the features will be the President

‘aft nthemum, ea white flower
with foliage a velvety dark green, which
florists have pronounced one of the hand-
somest flowers ever produced in America.

The new flower was prodnoey by
a Smith, Adrian, a From
How Gould's estate at Wash-
ington, N. Y., came entries to-day
showing Cape it exhibit in tee partes

= , af ¢ a 4
We met id aed) 62 Vii ast al
re Sli bag 2 tee i) gy b Mee)

reserve. ' the opening of the next Legislature in
The dispute was the cause of marked | January. The Attorney-General, how -
weakness on the Bourse to-day, ever, informed Gov. Fort that he could
The Tempe in a strongly ‘worded [not wait in justice to himself and asked
article challenged Germany to attempt t the resignation be accepted as soon
again her interference of three years | as it was convenient for the Governor to
ago, when she forced France to dismiss | name his successor
Foreign Miniater Delcasaé. Gov. Murphy appointed Mr. MoCarter
“We can show her now,” sags the | to office in 1908 to succeed his brother,
Temps, “that that cannot be repeated,|Thomas N. McCarter, who resigned to
Our defences have progressed and we | become president of the Publio Service
Corporation. Mr. MoCarter began his
term of office in May of that year and was
reappointed by Goy. Fort.

              
          
      
      
       
       
     
      
       

Plains,

books

commit an act of sovereign folly if she
sought an armed conflict now, when
Austria is absorbed in the Orient; when
the Balkan peoples are drawing!oloser | Ethel Reosevolt Nerrewly Fecapes a Fall
to an alliance with Turkey ond seeking to From a Horse.

close theroad to Germanis: ; when France, | Burraro, Nov. 5.—Miss Ethel Roose-
taught by experience, is militarily and | velt had a narrow escape from a fal! at

 

 

    

for its

   
 

morally prepared to defend her dignity;|to-day'’s hunt of the Genesee Valley
when E indisputable | Club at Clarence Levin's
naval supremacy, and Italy ts becoming | this morning, Her

more and more unwilling to sacrifice her- when she took a

self for 6 grievances. We can deal Willson ef” Guna
| Preven eee oe

' +) Sue
. tie ae z i
pie yt ies ee

 

    
  

‘near eye

 

was found after his death.
was. also a wallet containing more than
600 four leaf clovers.!

By his will Mr. Lyon leaves $30,000 to
his wife, Mrs. Susan R. Lyon, and “15 per
cent. of the net portion of the award
and interest to be paid to him by the gity
of New York for land taken by the dity

Leaf Clovers Teo.

Warrr Prams, Nov. 6—The will of
dere M. Lyon,
ford, in the northern part of West-
chester county, was filed to-day with
Surrogate Frank V, Millard a& White

a merohant of Bed-

"Mr. Lyon, who left prop-

and papere in a moal bag, which
Tn the bag

erty worth $100,000, kept all his

cross-river reservoir.” Mr. Lyon

sought @bout $76,000 for his property
from New York city and an award was
made for a much
he refused to
years ieee tune matter has been in the

amount, which
‘This was several

    
 

oes

——<———————

STRAUS HITS WASSBRMANK

 

SNOW.

Enough te Whiten the @idewalke Fell
on Uptown New York.

Uptown New York had a real snow-
storm last night. At twenty minutes to
10 the large straggling flakes began to
come down and by 10 o’dlock a of
white had gathered on the edges of
street signs and in sheltered corners.
The weather bureau hadn't a flake to
report while the snow was flying merrily
uptown. The wind was blowing fifteen
miles an hour from the west, bringing
plenty of clouds along. The temperature
at 10 o'clook was 80 degrees.

CALVE SUDDENLY ILE.

Engagements and May Soon
Sall fer Enrepe. ‘

Pirtspvnso, Nov. 5.—Mme. Calvé ool-
lapsed in the Hotel Schenley this evening
from an attack of grip, and her engage-
mente for the next ten days were can-
or at midnight. She has asked that
she be. removed to New York as soon as
possible, from wheré she will likely sail
for Europe. ps

She reached here from Erie this efter-,
noon and was to appear as -soloist at the
opening concerts of the Pittsburg Or-
chestra to-morrow afterfioon and even-
ing. She became very {ll at the Hotel
Schenley this evening.’

 

 

Cancels

JUNGE GROSSCUP MAY RESIGN:

Said to Have Decided to Quit Bench for
Mar After Taft's Inauguration.
Cu1caao, Nov. 5.—Judge Peter 8. Gross-
cup, according t 1umors ciroulated
around the Federal Buiiding to-day,
will resign immediately after the inau-
guration of Taft, In the opinion of many ,
Federal officials the rumora are well |
founded, as it is said many tempting |
offers have been made to the Judge to
lure him back to the practice of law
Among the large corporat

 

 

said to be those of James J Hill.

A SHIP OF MYSTERY.

Scheoner at San Francisco.

street wharf there lies a ship of mystery, |
the power schooner Charles Hansen.. She
is being fitted out for some secret mission.
She is chartered by a wealthy Mexican,

who demanded the fastest schooner in | cause of Jooal t
| Federal prisoners are confined
Enough stores to feed’a regiment for | the seventh tier. There was ; "
room. there, the Warden said,
put the two men in diferent céllq ws
have been t6 rearrapge some of the «
‘prisoners of the Govornayent

GM cpiv ike 2h ;
#0 against Morse and ’ ;
three weeks ago yosterday. Tha:
pronounced ite verdict about. ¢-o°el
va

the harbor.

months have been shipped, although she
carries only nine men. The schooner
will sail this week for, Mazatlan, where
the Mexican who chartered her will go!
aboard.

Whether a revolutionary scheme is in } two

'
prospect or whether the expedition ‘id |
a freasure hunt no one knows.

 

RUEF JURY IS COMPLETED,|'

Twelve Meh Found to-Try Alteged San
_Francisroe Geatter,
, San Franctsco, Nov. '5.—The Ruef
jury was completed to-day after ten
weeks. Over fifteen hundred venire-
men have been examined and thousands
of dollars expended by the State and
county. 7®
Ach is now sole counsel for Ruef.

 

NEW START ON TREASURE HUNT. |

A Schooner Being Fitted Gut to Replace
the Lost Mayflower.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TkE Sun.
Kivaston, Jamaica, Nov. 56,—Undis-
mayed by the misfortune attending the
treasure hunting expedition which re-

 

Company has chartered the schooner
Seagull and is fitting her out to search
for the sunken Spanish galleot® which |
tho former party, which included severa]’
Harvard men, had started out to find.

Capt. Farrell, a Cayman Islands pilot,
will have charge of the expedition. i

 

 

Curtis” Convicted: Too, 1
Is Recommended. %0.
> Morey by Jury,

SHARING ONE CELL

Will Be Sentenced To-day
Judge Hough—Extreme Peni

Misappliication of Fuaods and ‘
False Entries In the Books @# }
National Bank ef North A

on Which They Were Dectar
pable— Can't Get{ out of
After They Are Sentenced 1
Unly by Action tn the Ciroult ©
of Appeals— Bail Probably

Charles W. Morse and Alfred
shared a cell in the Tombs (prisoity
interests | night following the verdict of aed

which hav offered him employment are | jury that they were gulity of misapp
ition of the funds of t
\of North America and
Nearest eye ‘ |false entries in the books of @
Wealthy Mexican Fitting Out a Fast |The cell they shared last night
| bunks in it, one above the other
San Exancisco, Nov. 5.—At Union | borths in a steamship cabin.
incarceration’ Moree was unable
away from steamship associ f
This was not by iftent bu

t}
i '

‘| last evening,  Eveti the prosse
scarcely looked for a verdtot mo
able (from the prosecutor's point
than conviction of both def.
charge of false entries and of
tional conviction of Morse on
of misapplication of the bank's funds;
All sides—even the Judge, as |
his remarks during the tétat indi
had expected af acquittal on the aia
of conspiracy. The jury did acquit be
defefidants. on this charge, “One t ‘
three charges the whole case i
The counts in the indictrient uf
several charges were many, apd
atriot letter of the statutes ye
imprisonment
run in number i
tastic overapanning the consecuti
of many men, even of many ‘

PERHAPS TRN YEARS BACK.

In terms of the practical, each d
| is subject to a minimum sentence

i

ed

Ten Years Each,

 

   

’

ts 7

Natiox
the r

iio is te ot

o S

vided as ml
the realm of #

GEORGIA NIGHT RIDERS BUSY.| years imprisonment on each of the |

 

Midnight Visit,

attack, although Williams had received |

men in the party.
fired many shots into the Williams home.

 

ROBBER COULD RUN’ FASTER.

Manner Time Thief Gets 4,000 Worth of
Jewelry at J. G. Taylor's Home.

James Gordon Taylor of 884 Ballantine
Parkway North, Newark, was robbed last
night of jewelry valued at $4,000, The
thie? climbed in @ second story window
while Mr. Taylor and his family were at
dinner. Mrs. Taylor heard a noise, and
her husband got to the upper floor just in
time $0 see @ man running across the yard
below. He gave chass, but the burglar
proved the better runner.

The thief’s ‘loot included all of Mra,
Taylor’s jewelry, Mr. Taylor is manager
for the W. & J, Sloane company at their
atore at 884 Broatway, New York.

 

 

CAN'T FIND ELOPING GIRL,
J. i. Morgan of Marton, N. C., Back

 

From Europe Without Fils Deughter. // trom the Court, or rather to

J. L. Morgan of Marion, N. C., one of
the richest men in the Tar Heel State,
rid Fae reba rt He web
the White Star liner Majestid without
his fi -

na
ii
jie he
rai
fied

e
H
§

OY. oe it r

Beat a Man and Terrify His Family on a quilt, Seles mali mit 1
tence this morning at 10:20 o’oléek,--
Mounratr, Ga., Nov. 5.—The home of | that the two defendants in all protel
C. &. Williams, a prominent citizen of | will be admitted to bail as se
this place, was visited soon after mid- | counsel can take the mecessary
night this morning by night riders, wh0| beforé the United States Clrouit
beat Williams brutally and terrified his| Appeals looking to the app
family. No reason is known for the | case to the higher éourty. ~—
The moment of the annow
two letters warning him that night riders | the verdict was
would visit him, There were half a dozen | court room of thé Federal ©:
: « | Mra. Moree’ was in the room, acoonap
As they were leaving the night riders| by a woman friend, who has been’
her during most of the sessions of |
trial, Mr. Curtis’s sister was ©
on the other side of the foom, |
Curtis, whose devoted
constant presence at 6
the trial had won the » ey
of all the attendants at the
overoome by the strain yesterdays
and was obliged to go to her
other

a short distance jb
counsel. The jutyghad 't
15 on' Friday afternoon, .

not been in consideration of t

re

matter of intent, and the
hear.a repetition of the minat
the testimony of Cashier |
Reding | Kalokerbock er Trust Compaay
Knick er Tri Xe
Moree had not testified rege
bw cr) ey beet the mi
or two witnesses’ testimony
direct and cross-examination. .
CLEARED ON ONE C

found

ap intense “Orie lt

|

= =

   
     
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
     

Friday