“\Ls LXXVIL—NO, 96.
of the immigration ois te

1) PROBE THE SUGAR TRUST :f..,immieruce

‘ on as ome aeatiee or any sub-committee
; . re shall be and ie authorized to sit in
1 iVi PE s@1Ge ATION BY CONGRESS Washington or elsewhere during ihe spe-
. sPrEuUS TO BE INEVITABLE,

  

 

 

  

 

 

e &. &
sions of the House or Senate or during the
recess of Congress, and shall te and is em-

powered to subpena and examine wil-

comppell of Kansas WU Introduce a Mes-| nesses under oath or affirmation and to | There's No Freedom in America and It’s
200 Years Hebind the Age Except in
Brigandage—Some Rea-
sons Why He Won't Visit Us Jast Yer.

send for persone, books, papere, records
and all other evidence that may be neces-
sary to make the investigation and inquiry |

olution In the Hease en Monday Calle
ing fora Sweeping Investigation, With
ihe View of Reaching Men Higher Up.

Industrial

herein directed to be made full and com-
Dlete, and the Speaker and the Vice-Presi-

 

Washise ON, Dec, 4. | rom develop-} dent shall have authority to sign, and the | ‘Special Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.
ments to-cay it seems probable that} clerk of either house to attest, subpoenas! fLonpon, Dec, 4.—G., B. Shaw, the play-
he sugar trust fraude cannot escape during the recees of Congress.” es one | wright, has been invited by Charles
Congressional investigation Representa- the, Investigations herein directed ehal| | Frohman tospend Christmas week in New
tive Campbell of Kansas declared) be paid out of the contingent fund of the | York, together with James Barrie, Gran-
‘ today that he intends 1» introduce aj "ouse and Senate, ville Barker, Jobo Galsworthy, Somerset
coveurrent resolution o: Monday call-|, Mr. Campbell did not see the President Maugham and Haddon Chambers. Mr.

to-day, but expects to present hie resolu-
tion to the Chief Executive. Mr. Taft
is known to favor a thorough investi-
gation

ROSE AND GLOVE BY Him.
Piane Manufactarer Found Dead tn His

ng for a sweeping investigation of the
-vgar trust. Senator Chamberlain of
4 oregon, one of the insurgents who called
r i the White House, also expressed him-
‘ ! in favor of a probing which will

take in all the operations of the trust.

Shaw refused, saying:

go to America? You ca

 

 

Hoth Senator Chamberlain and Rep- Store— Autopsy Ordered. setting the other way and it were the
iesentative Campbell insisted that the| Nicholas Weser of Sparkill, N. Y., was|dream of every Londoner the moment
nvestigation should not be directed|found dead ¥ aftetnoon in 4) had saved money to go to America,

Seep ak enn care a 10 Wort

merely at the weighers and the small Twenty-third ‘Whu bis

‘ry who did the bidding of others, but
that the “men higher up” should be made

' to suffer too,
‘Lam not in favor of giving quarter.”
said Mr. Campbell to-night. “I do not
believe in blood and thunder, but I do
% think that from the facta which have
: jeen brought to light there is indis-
putable reason to believe that the sugar
trust has offended and offended greatly.
1 believe in a thoruogh aifting of the
charges. I think the men higher up
should be made to pay the penalty.
|here is po use in prosecuting the small
* men who acted for sonte one else: the
ren who were at the top of it all should

be reached,”

Senator Chamberlain holds practically
ibe same views as did Mr. Campbell.
“From what I have been able to learn,”
said Senator Chamberlain, “I cannot see
how an investigation can be avoided.
| do not think that it should end with the
prosecution of the weighers and small

ficials, but the investigation, if begun,
should go to the limit.”

The few Congressmen who have been
nterviewed since their arrival in the
-apital have said that an investigation of
‘he sugar frauds is unlikely. The prev-

“lent opinfon, especially among men who
ave eeen the President since his return

» Washington, is that while the Depart-
ment of Justice may proceed with an
nvestigation, ngress is likely to step
nat any time.

While it is known that the Department
(f Justice has unearthed and has placed
n the hands of President Taftan immense
smountof what is declared to be incrimi-
nating evidence against the trust, many
vell known members of the Senate and
House have declared that a thorough
pe i by the legislative branch

vitable.

\t is of course understéod that there
wil be some opposition to a Congres-
sional investigation, but this the leaders
have pointed out will probably be of po
consequence. It seems improbable that

“any member would desire to oppose a
resolution of inquiry such as Mr. Camp-
bell will introd: on Monday, and such
as Senator of Idaho stands ready
'o bring im, and euch ae Senator Culber-
son of Texas is said to have under con-
sideration. Public sentiment, statesmen
have said, is far too strong and the revela-
tions have been much too detailed and
convincing to admit of the burying of
cuch a resolution. Even if this were pos-
sible in the House, where recognition
by the Speaker is essential, in the Senate
there is no such personal equation to be
encountered, and if the resolution passes
the higher branch undoubtedly it would
ome up in the House.

The resolution which Mr. Campbell
w!! introduce on Monday and which he
moy be expected to present to President
lait. may probably bedome an adminie-
‘ration measure, although this is as yet
atgely a matter of conjecture. Mr.
laft's attitude is unknown, although he

ertainly incensed, sccording to the
‘es! euthority, at the actions of the trust.
Mr. Campbell's resolution reads as

f

on there.

beside him was a woman's glove and a
rose.

Some time ago Weeer had an illness as
@ result of a broken blood vessel. The

  
    
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
  

bears.
“How can

 

FUTURE OF THE EQUITABLE.

Supt. Hetobkiss Says Mr. Morgan Wii
Guard Policyhoiders’ Interests.

ALBAN, Dec. 4.—

 

they do it.

that

to aay to-night:
“Immediately on Marning that Mr.
Morgan had acquired this stook I called
upon him personally and requested a
statement as to his intentions concerning

   
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

century as well.

“He stated further that he desired
the cooperation of the Insurance Depart -
ment in working out a plan whereby the
stock—which means the control of the
company—would be safeguarded in the
interests of the policyholders, and that
I could assure Gov. Hughes that no steps
to that end would be taken by him save
with the conourrence of the Insurance

to go forward.

should not go to America.
meroe, art or anything else.

of silly talk about Bernard Shaw.

METZ WILL RAISE.

te Exercise it.
of Estimate

. “The trouble,” said Mr.

 

we:

 

\Miereas it is charged by men In posi-
‘o have information on the matters
‘ey allege that the American Sugar
hefining Company has been and is guilty
being a trust of monopoly in restraint
fade, of violating the Sherman anti-
+», of controlling the prices of refined
aw sugar, of conspiring to and ruin-
's competitors, the independent refin-
! sugar: of blacklisting grocers and
ints who use the product of inde-
ent sugar refineries, of taking rebates
olation of the interstate commerce law,
bg short weight scales in the custom
s of the United States, of brihing
» and employees in the cus
° for the United States, of swindling
lefrauding the United Btates by vio-
A r its tariff laws, of importing cheap
niraet Jabor in violation of the immi-
«ration laws of the United States, of pro-
« the violation of the civil service
ind regulations of the United States
‘cencing appointments end removals
stoms service of the United States:
herefore,
ved by the House of Representatives
nate concurring), That a select com-
five members of the House and
inbers of the Senate be appointed
speaker of the House and by the
eeident of the United States to
' ¢- .ate and inquire generally into the
> of the customs service of the
States, and to investigate and!
into the said alleged facts, and to|
‘'| possible information concerning
eas to the American Sugar Refining
pa and to inquire into the organiza-
“ | ‘be said American Sugar Refining
‘pity and its relations to and influence
efect in the sugar industry of the

under its provisions.”

the increases he purposes
ell for “the public benefit.”

the best basis financially.

In the Hunter's Point police station
in Fourth street, Long Island City, an
ss iaatuatheih of the contents of a voli
right men in the right place.”
The Comptroller added

. aw

ler’s office.

 

Says It Is Good.

ted, from the Bryant High Schoo!
in Island City. While at school
she was ah excellent basketball player.
| She continued her etic exercises after

Seventy-fourth
legacy of/ $10,
of the following letter:

 

you call America a
country when you know of the poverty
of the masses and the frightful condition
of child labor in the cotton mills of Caro-
lina, which are worse than the mills of
Manchester were a hundred years ago.
We found tne remedy and the Americans
know it, but they will not apply, it because
they do not want to be free. They want
to make money and they don’t care how

Now

WOMAN'S LETTER AS A WILL.
Clear What the Lady Meaat and the Court

= SAYS FATAL GOOD LOOKS

THINKS HE'D BE AR-
RESTED ON LANDING HERE.

“Why should any one who is in London
understand
any one in America coming to London.
They all make a rush to do so. I might
change my attitude if the stream were

“As it is [am in the right place. Ameri-
ogns are in the wrong place. At least
they seem to think so. Why should I
move. The Americans may be mistaken.
I notice they never know anything about

their own country. They are always
astounded if you tell them what is going

“For instance. they are ignorant of the
fact that liberty does not exist there.
could be arrested the moment I landed
on the charge of inciting the women of
-| America to immorality by my good looks.
1 could be imprisoned for suggesting re-
form of the marriage lawe or for ques-
tioning the story about Elisha and the

free

“I do not want to see the Statue of
Liberty in New York Harbor. Even my
appetite for irony does not go as far as

“To go to America is to go back a cen-
tury in civilization. The manner of living
in America to-day is simply that of two
centuries ago, complicated with certain
developments of industrial brigandage
peculiar to the twentieth century.

“I was born in the seventeenth century.
I lived in the seventeenth and eighteenth
centuries and I lived in the nineteenth
I am an Irishman, and
when | was born my father lived in Ire
land in the same way Dean Swift did.

“I might say he went further back than
His was the sort of life described
in Pepys's Diary, so you see I am three
centuries old. Now if it were a question
of going to heaven I might think differ-
ently and want to go if they would guar-
antee me plenty of work there, but I
don't want to go back anywhere. | want
“There is anothér good reason why I
If I do, every-
thing else will stop. The peopie will
cease to be interested in politicos, com-

Nicaragua
may shoot all the Americans it likes.
Then the shots will not be heard in the din

“I should be a public nuisanoe, an in-
terruption, a ramrod stuck into the na-
tional machinery. For America's sake
I'll spare her by staying at home.”

SALARIES.
He Says He's Got the Pewer and Means

Comptroller Metz says he is going right
ahead with those ninety-eight salary
raises in his department which the Board
refused to consider at its
Friday meeting. He says that he has
the authority to make the raises and that
he has saved the money to pay for them.
Metz yester-
day when reminded that his authority
in the matter had been questioned, “is
that some people do not know who is
Comptroller, apparently, and they haven't
read the Charter closely enough to learn
what authority the Comptroller has

Mr. Metz wanted it understood that
making are
He said:

“In the interest of good administration
and economy I have stripped away dead
wood and have installed a system of
keeping acoounts that puts the city on

if

you're going to keep good men you've
got to pay them. The money with which
these salaries are to be increased is money
saved and it is in the interesta of eoo-
nomical administration to have the

that he has
in his own business office more five
thousand dollar men than in the Comptrol-

The Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court decided yesterday that the Rev.
William Walton -Rutherfurd of 14 East
street is entitled to a
000 under an interpretation

“Now remember, please, when you get
hold of my will to strike out ‘Mre. Ruther-
ford,’ inserting instead the name of
Rev. W. W. Rutherfurd, and do it as soon

ot States. in so far ap the said) policeman Bauman said last evening that | as legality permits.”
+ cota wre og she had never had an Illness and that| ‘The letter was written by Mnie. Sarah

 
   
  
  
    

he never knew her to complain until a
short time ago, when she was taken with
fainting spells,

rol, regulate, monopolize or restrain
stale or foreign commerce and trade
ve refining and sale of sugar and in the
rol of the price of refined or unrefined
its alleged violation of the Sher-
MA anti-truet law, of its alleged con-
‘iricy to ruin ite competitors, of its alleged
\ isting of grocers or: merchants who
4 le the product of other sugar refineries,
alleged violation of the interstate
erce law, of its alleged use of short

street to J. Herbert of

 

r: of

Former Home of J. Fenimore Cooper Sold. | $400,000. Mme.

Warre Pratns, Dec. 4.—Thé Bruen
estaté on Fenimore road in the town of
Scaredale’ was sold at partition sale to-
day in front of eet toWilliam

vingston Bruen. one of the heirs.
sexles in the custom houses, of ite us te consists of sixty acres, on ‘nn
«| bribery of offictals and employees — old manelod once occupied
; istome service of the United States is situated the Cooper. Bruen
2 | { alleged influence over appoin ents | BY James Fenimore My.

‘ removals of offcials and emp aa | paid $106,280
e Customs service of the United

‘ro irs alleged swindling and defrauding | _ ot
the United States by violating in se tng Jou ‘

Der che tariff laws, of its alleged violation

; :

b aepirtr in Bagg ae bod. And

 

Morris de Vaugrigneuse of 21 Eeat Ninth

trustee of thejestate of her father, Aquila
G. Stout, from whom she had inherited
Vaugrigneuse was a
cousin of Mrs. Rutherford, whose death
caused her to write the letter asking that
the clergyman’s name be substituted in
the will. The testatrix died in igo,

 
 

  
      
  

1. ©, Stringer In Northwest.

the two cities.

montbe.

name is a household word.

1899 to 1903.

tory, Canada.

 

ship in the Benate.
Wasurnoton, Deo. 4.—Senator Culber-
aon of Texas,

tice that

ity to Senator Culberson.

of minority leader.

tucky, whose term was about to expire.

sition it will be tendered to him. ‘

 

COLLEGE CRY OF THE MUMMY

 

in the Hush ef the Watehful Nights.
Slide down a pyramid.
Sitting on your thumb!
Isis! Hathor!
Khoum—Khoum—Kbaum!

BISHOP aims IN | IN THE WILDS.
Wife Lest With Him—Fate of the Rt. Rev.

EDMONTON, Alberta, Deo. 4.—Laat June) 4 QUESTIONING OF CANDIDATES
Bishop Isaac O. Stringer of Selkirk left
here for Dawson City by the overland
trail and it was anticipated that he would
reach the land of the midnight sun by
October at the latest. When he failed to |
arrive inquiries were made and it was
learned’ from Indian advices brought
down to-day that he had perished between

Tt is said that Mre. Stringer, who ac-
companied him, has alee perished, as
nene of the trappers or voyagers who
have returned from the North has heard
anything of her during the past two

Thé Bishop and his wife are the best
known missionaries in the far North and
for years have labored among the Es-
kimos and Northern. Indians. But re-
cently he was oreated a Bishop on account
of the work be has done, and to the people
of the Canada western hinterland his

Isaac O. Stringer was the Episcopal
Bishop of Selkirk. He was educated
at University College, Toronto and at
Wycliffe College, Toronto. He was sent
as missionary to the Eskimos by the
Church Missionary Society, and used
‘ort McPherson as a base from 1892 to
1807. He was at Herschel Island from
Three years later he was
made Bishop of Selkirk. He has since
lived at Caribou Crossing, Yukon Terri-

SENATOR CULBERSON RESIGNS.
Decides to Give Up the Minerity Leader-

the Demooratic leader in
the upper house of Congress, has resigned
that position, to take effect at once. No-
Mr. Culberson will no longer
serve as minority leader in the Senate was

Democratic caucus stands next in author-

Mr. Culberson is now in Atlantio City.
and his resignation as minority leader was
received by telegraph from that place to-

Mr. Culberson will undoubtedly adhere
to his determination to give up the office
In hie telegram to
Senator Money Mr. Culberson gave il)
health as the reason for his desire to re-
linquish the responsibilities of leadership.

conferred on Senator Blackburn of Kons

Mr. Money wil) quit publie life on Maroh
4, 1911, and it has been suggested that asa

ty leadership
during the remainder of his term. It is
generally believed that if Senator Money
signifies a willingndas to accept the po-

Made Aragonia’s Seventh Mate Nervous

The seventh mate of the German
freight steamship: Aragonia, in yester-
day from the east of Sues, likewise Suez,
said it sounded something like that,

Suwparx, Ducumnan 5, 1908.
ee rain to-morrow; he
northeast to east

 

  

  
 

   

 

R SINGERS MUST NOT TALK.

That te, Net When @ther Singers Are
Busy Ginging.

Dr. 8 Adolphus Knopf of 1% West
Ninety-fifth street bought a stall box at
the Metropolitan and took two women
to hear “Otello” yesterday. afternoon.
Two women wearing large hats sat in
the box next to hie and nearer the stage.
One of them was Bella Alten. a singer in
the opera company. When the first act
was balf over Dr. Knopf said to the man
in the box with the prima dunna, “If you
people in that box don't keep quiet I'll
have you all put out.”

A few moments later the doctor went
out and brought in Usher Louis Mayer,
who told the talkers that they must be
quiet. After the act Dr. Knopf went to
the box office to complain thatthe talk-
ing did not stop. When he returned with
authorities higher than Usher Mayer the
alleged offenders had vanished. They
were afterward seen sitting in a box given
for the afternoon to Leo Slezak, the tenor,
who was singing Olello.

op 9 Far Mune TH

BROTHERHOOD TO MAKE a
MANDS FOR 101,000 MBN. Bs

{NEW VOTES POR WOMEN MOY

 

 

    
 
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
    
    
    
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
  

 

IN THE M’OARREN DISTRICT.

 

 

Ne National Sirike i Syrapathy With the
Switchmen, Gay Leaders
Sides Firm in Chicago—*
Gwrtke Is Reperted About

It was ‘enacted yesterday that
demands of the Brotherhood of
men, which inoludes the \
switchmen, for a 1 per cent.
in wages, affeoting 101,000 trainmen; 4
be submitted to thirty-two Eastern #
roads at the end of this week.
sentatives of the grand lodge of
brotherhood will bein this city on
or Wednesday to confer with rep t
tives of the various divisions und
the demands into ships. oe

In case of a strike New York and P
delphia will be the coatral points, "
President James Murdock, who hae
| charge of matters in this crisis, ha®® :
jin the principal cities conferring’
the adjustment committos of die
ferent railroad syste:ns of the
two roads on which the demands a
to be made On behalf of the
the following stactment was made ta
evening: , ha

“We are sorry that rumors of a satis
strike have hoon so widely cire
They are evidently statted to help

And if Boih the Newinees Are Antic Then
Wett Just Ratee Cain, Gays Mrs.
Biateh, Who's Heading the Movement
~ Vetera Have Been Asked te Look Out

A special “Votes for Women” committee
formed of members of the Equality
League of Self-Supporting Women and
of the Collegiate Equal Suffrage League
has beén formed for the purpose of doing
any sort of political work that comes to

  

  

 

  

F

  

Mrs. Herriot Stafiton Blatch is the he
spirit of this combination and
with her “are Miss Elizabeth
Cook, Migs Eleanor Byrne,
Lezow, Miag Jessie Ashley, Miss Ines

Mrs. Simon Flexner and Mrs.

  

  

 

 

  

RLACKBALLS YALE HYPNOTIST.

~~

New Haven Medical Association Fears tr.
Diefendort Talks Too .
New Haven, Deo. 4.—It became known
to-night that the New Haven Medical
nm voted on Wednesday last
not to receive Prof. Allen Ross Diefendorf,
M. D., lecturer on psychiatry at the
| Yale Medical School, into membership.
The reason given was Dr. Diefendorf's
violation of medical ethics when he wel-
comed undue newspaper exploitation in
connection with the Van Osten case at
Grace Hospital several months ago.

Van Osten did not know who he was
or how he came to New Haven. Dr.
Diefendorf tried to restore his mind by
hypnotic experiments, in the course of
which Van Osten talked of incidents pre-
sumably in his past life. While con
ducting these experiments Dr. Diefendorf,
it is said, did not discourage newspaper
attention.

To-night Prof Dietendorf intimated that
his name would be presented again at the
next meeting of the society. He is still
attending Van Osten in this city, but the
Patient has not yet been able to identify
himeelf or tell anything to lead to his
identification.

TRANSMISSOURI BLIZZARD.

Tweive Inches of Snow and More Coming
—Trains Stack.

Omana, Neb., Dec. 4.—For twenty-four
hours a bligzard has raged throughout
the country. To-night
Nebraska, Wyoming and South Dakota’
aré covered with twelve inches of show
and zero weather prevails.

Railroad traffic is demoralized. Several
Union Pacific traina from the West were
annulled thie afternoon, after they had
got twelve hours behind schedule time,
and were consolidated with the following

 

committee's first point of attack
will be the Seventh Senatoria! district,
In which there will be an election of a
successor to the late Senator McCarren
Miss Al! « Hill has

     
   

 
   

 

  

  

 

 
 

 

The women have determined not to
wait until the candidates are nominated
and arrangements have been made for
lobbying in the party conventions which
are to be held to-morrow night.

The following communication has been
mailed to all the voters in the district:

We, the votes for women campaign com-
mittee, representing the women of the BSev-
enth Senatorial district, who demand the
franchise, a: ne to all voters regardless
of party ¢ ~> propose to secure to our-
selves the righ: vo! suffrage, and to that end
it is imperative that this district be repre-
sented in the Legislature by a Senator
favorable to woman suffrage.

To accomplish this we hereby call upon
every voter to help us.

What must you as an elector do to aid the
Cause? .

You must see to it at the convention of
your party, Monday evening, December 5,
that the man selected as your candidate in
the approaching election for State Senator
is instructed that if he be elected he must
use his influence to compel the Judiciary
Committee to report to the Legislature the
oe amendment to the Constitution,

also that he must vote for the amend-
ment when it comes before the Senate.

The communication is signed by Isabella
Van Glesed and Emma Antonius.

Mrs. Blatch was asked what the women
were going to do after the candidates
were nominated.

“Why, We are going to work for which-

ever one will support our cause,” she said, | trains.
“We will hold open air meetings and make| Burlington trains from Montana are
house to house canvasses and do uit the | very late. aad the Northwestern {rain
things that men do to help elect a candi-| from the Black Hills and Wyoming ar-
date.” rived eight hours late to-night.

“But what if neither of the candidates | Snow continues falling over the entire
will work for your résolution?” asked | central west. Dallas, Tex., reports some
another person. in that section too, *

“Well,” replied Mre. Blatch, “we will oe TE mad
just raise Cain ae At any rate we will} THE ACTRESS AND THE KAISER.
show the people of Brooklyn that we are
in éarnest and we will make it uncomfort- | T*'* om Leve at a Munting Ledge Scan-
able for the candidates. I suppose one Galizes the German Peers.
of them will be elected no matter what ‘Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Bun.
we do, but an independent might spring Berutn, Dec. 4.—Germany is divided

into two camps over the propriety of a

  

  

 
   

to win the strike in the Northwest.
frightening the Western rei! trond ito
granting the demands. ee

“No strike, as has been stated. net
will take place among the trainmeén
sympathy with the strike in the ;
west. We have enough te do in
after our own troubles. We still h
matters will be adjusted b
us and the Eastern ae

“No good can come of alarmist
confusing the situation. We
to talk of asking the increase na ed
the strike in the Northwest was
of and we do not want to be put &
position of antagonism to the r#
when there is no antagonism ee
have ao right to assume that the f
of the trainmen in the East,
to be made next week, wil] be
before these demands are actually #
mitted. If a strike has to be
will be up to the railroads.”

  

  

  

 

  

  

=
>
aK
7
2
53: .
a
Bw
s
=
g
%
Zz
+

 

 
 

  

  

road operators and conferences

  

Railroad managers of the Western li
held a secret meeting and agreed to
tain their attitude of
switchmen’s union in

or, ‘
hurried to this city, and rama
conferences with local officials the porgi-
bilities of a general strike were
The men stand stanchly for their

  

 

  

 

 
   

 

 

 

up at the el hour, know.” a
ee aoe Sate. way that he will Pp e eleventh hour, you know causerie = Sihineer” ‘ddlvartd rs. or oe in making preparations -
won. Mr. Bailey ie understood to be satie- | MISHAP AT THE NEW THEATRE. |Cty by the Fronoh actress Joanne
fied with the privilege df leading on big neramarck’s hunting lodge at N. a x, | Concerted demands of the labor
occasions without assunting the title of | Bag ef Shot Falls Frem the Fites, Just The text of the little lecture as it has | ¥°D* for increases in wages it is

Missing One ef the Actors.

leaked out shows that the actress
Only by the merest chanée did last ro - ae

freely on the delicate subject. Among
other thinge she maintained that actresses
were specially qualified to teach kings
how to love.

A controversy was iroused by a letter
to a Rhineland paper deploring the new
blow thus given to the monarchy de-
claring that it must excite disgust in all
virtuous German men and women. The
writer, who takes the position that love
is not a fit subject for jesting, angrily
urges that Germans hold very different

 

Of the conferences held here four were _
important. A. B. Garretson,
of the Order of Railway Conductors,
called together several officials of the most g
—— railway labor organizations. ~~ _
w.G head of the Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen, was closeted all
and: part of the night with oes
of his organization. The
bas not decided to show any

    
   
  

Only a few minutes when a heavy ooil
of rope and a bag containing several
pounds of birdshot and used as a countgr-
weight fell out of the flies. Ben John-
son, one of the chief players of the even-
ing, was standing near the centre of the

    
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
   

 

  
  
  
 

 

 

views from the French about it. He -
although there was less English and thore |» few feet "US| with the Switchmen's Union ee
foreign horror in it. “I'll be glad,” hel’ Fr. Coon eee the near should bave left the | America, which has started the a
told the ship news man who boarded the * The Berita coat Pt sf bameee in the Northwest. The bel oa
Aragobia in stream, “when we got rid of aa Sak ghoue he ot | ton of the Switchmen’s Union of Werte a
that Egyptian m he is Boo Mscment for a party of! America held a secret Sl ig
turned over to Yale, aia . organization has already made a :
is going, the skipper me, they , cas the cal tar 0 ate coe
will teach him to give his college yell FRANCE EVvs PERS, and the call for a strike vote seemed
like a human being and not mix it up Four Farman, One Bleriot and One Autot- | certain to-night.

with hieroglyphical ghost calls
gies and mutterings!”

The seventh mate said the mumm
perfectly respectable

when
aboard at Suez, but that the next night,
while the seventh mate was standing
watch on the bridge he saw the mummy
come up and take charge of theship. The
skipper did not know it apparently be-
cause he is not like the seventh mate, of

ancestry, and therefore

rapport with mummy spooks.
mummy did not appear in his
but had on the glad rags of a hi
Egyptian. After the sevéith
used to him, but not to
they were quite chatty, t

The mummy said he
Necho and that_he felt
in the Suez Canal, ag he
original Suez Canal away back
before the Christian éra.
from the Red Sea to the
wonder of its ns

FF

pper
head with his forefinger
went over the side and got Bill Quigley
to row him quickly back to the Battery.

TWO AIRSHIPS BURNED.

They Belonged to Wilbur BR. Kimball and
Were In Acrodrome at Morris Park.
William R. Kimball's aerodrome at the

old Morris Park racetrack was burned

early yesterday morning. The fire started

 

 

 

 
  

 
  

mette for the War Ministry.

Special Cable Despatch io Tux Sun.
Panis, Dec. 5.—The Matin says that the|General Managers Association. The
Ministry of War has ordered four Far-| strike was declared broken by members |”
man biplanes, one Biérict and one Antoi- with
nette.

The fourth important conference

  
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
   

 

 

have returned to work in many cities of |
the Pacific coast and non-union men af _
rapidly Gling the places vacsted Dee
union switchmen, according it
ment given out by the
of the officials at noon.

  
  

DOGS LIFE WORTH 820,000.

Montana Woman Who Leses Bequest if He
Dies Sends Him Here fer Operation.
Curoaaco, Dec. 4—To prolong the life

of a skye terrier with a poor digestion

 
  

 

 

 

   
      

 

CHERRY MINE BOY'S STORY,

   

 

 
  

i

  
 
 
    
 
 
  

    
  
    

:

:
i

 
 

i

A
ai

BE

i

i

  

al

 
 
 
 

   

    
 
 

  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
    
       
     
   

  
      
      
       
      
      
   
    
      
    
       
 
     
        
     
       
          
   
 
  
 

 

   
  
 
  
      
     
  
      
   
 
       
   
     
 
 

   
   

 

  
      
   
   
  
 
    
 
   
 
         
   
     
        
    
        
  
   
   
       
       
   
  
   

      
      
        
   
     
   
        
  
       
     
   
       
     
      
  
       
      
      
       
   
   
         
             
           
         
        
     
       
 
      
 
     
      
 
     
        
        
     

     
   
      
 
       
    
 
  
 
   
 
   
        
        
      
    
           
    
    
 

    
 
   
   
     
        
    
      
    
  

the seat of the disaffection. The eee oe