—————————— << —-_—

  
 
  
   
 
  

  

/ WEATHER FORECAST. | itt
Pair to-day; to-morrow fair and
northeast to southeast winds.“

Highest temperature yesterd lowest,
Detailed weather spent Li gabe 16, gr

,

”
Ss

 

—

VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 65.

LEADERS ADMI’
THEY ARE UP IN
AIR ON ELECTION

 

_ All’ Predict Victory, but

Privately Confess They
Are Puzzled.

 

POLK ‘BACKS MITCHEL

 

He Is First Administration Of-

z ficial to Take Sides in

Campaign.

 

Political leaders of all parties, while

their own individual tickets, will win,
privately admitted last night that ‘‘any-
thing might happen” next Tuesday and
that the fight cannot be forecast with

222 S22 Tl 19 SHIRL MOST ez EEE TES: FIRST AMERICAN

any degree of certainty. The atmosphere |
fm the Mitchel, Hylan and Hillquit head- |

quarters is one of tense expectancy and
hepa,

With the campaign practically at a.
; Morris Rillquit’s record as attorney

elese the political camouflage in the

_|[FROM 20 TO 50 DIE

 
 

 

++

IN PATERSON FIRE

Men Are Trapped in Salva-
tion Army Building.

Fire at 1:20 o'clock this morning de-
stroyed the Salvation Army Rescue Hall
in Mill street, near the. business section
of Paterson, N. J., and ts believed to
have caused the deaths of between
twenty and fifty men who were sleeping
in the place,

At 3 o’clock this morning seven bodies
had been dragged out of the burning
building by firemen, and the police have
been unable to learn that any of the
fifty or seventy-five men who were sleep-
ing there had escaped, *

The entire Paterson Fire Department
answered the alarm, and under the di-
rection of Chief Coyle prevented the
flames from spreading. The bullding
was a three story frame structure, gad
aoe of the men who were burned to
death were trapped on the second and
third floors.

HILLOUIT TRIED

 

 

 

Defende Red Arrested After
McKinley Murder—Lawyer
for Bomb Thrower.

\

 

various headquarters has been dispensed | for two notorious anarchists was laid

with and the leadera are now dealing | before the public
with cold, hard facts instead of handing sion committee.

eut rose tinted predictions of “easy vic--

tien is “up im the alr,” and the political

New York's short memory thus was

| Jogged into recollection of the facts that

would*not buy Liberty bonds won fame

teries.” As a matter of fact, the eget Socialist Mayoralty candidate who
{

the {a going to dand.

managers do not know In’ which meet

—of a sort—in 1901 ag legal representa-
tive of Herr Most and if 1908 was en-

The Denewitic Jeiders contended yes- Gaged to represent Selig Silverstein, the

terday that the’“dope” is all their way {bomb thrower of Union Square.

ané that the figures show Judge Hylan |

the winnér, They insist that the organi- | °°
candidates: that Mayor Mitchel has no, Dl ae cn Meptember 6 1901, i:

t t tes hi 41] ;OPenly advocating assassination, , F
ree Wobtisate ond inte wat | addressed himself to his subject quite | War Board, which has resulted in haul- |

! cold bloodedly.

@nts will not be sufficient to overcome

the Bennett cutin and the Hillquit vote. { tioned,

Hope fer Patriotic Sweep. |

The Mitchel leaders are basing their |
hopes on a “patriotic sweep.” They |
even go so far as to say that Judge |

Hylan will finish third and that ret
!

Hiliquit, the Socialist candidate, will be
in second place,

The fusion committee presents the rec-
d thus:
“Herr Most published an editorial in

He

The editorial was cap-
‘Murder vs. Murder,’
language employed left no doubt that
the writer counselled the killing of men
in public authority just because they
were in authority.

“The day following this publication
President McKigley was shot at Buffalo
by the anarchist Czolgoss, Public in-
dignation was intense, and it was openly

{charged that the writings of Most had

The Hillquit managers last night pre-; haa an inciting effect on the President's

@icted that their candidate will receiv:
“upward of 200,000 votes” and will be
dected. They were the only headquar- |
ters to base thelr predictions on figures, |
William M, Bennett, the nominal Re-!
publican candidate, merely repeated
that “he will carry every borough.”
Charies F, Murphy, although in pos-
session of the estimates of the various
Tammany district leaders, contented
himself yesterday with stmply predict-
ing the election of Judge Hylan and all
ef the Democratic county tickets,
“There is no question about the elec-

 

tion of Judge Hylan,” said Mr. Murphy.
“The Democratic city ticket also will be
elected. The New York h and

 

county tickets will also win, and the!

sluralities will not be small. - Informa-
tion that I have received from the bor-
oughs leads me to believe that the Dem-
ecratic tickets, borough and county, will
run equally well with Mamhattan.”

Bennett in Cellar.

‘The Mayor's reelection is a cer-
tainty,” said Emory R. Buckner, Mitchel
manager. “Judge Hylan is in an express
elevator going down, while Mayor
Mitchel {9 in an express elevator going
up. We believe they have already
Paesed each other. Bennett is in the
velar and Hiliquit will finish second.”

From the Socialist headquarters came
this confident prediction: “We expect
the Hillquit vote to run materially above
249,000. We believe that the people of
New York will not hesitate when the
choice is directly between a man of Mr.
Hillquit's unquestioned character and
ability and an old fashioned Tammany
regime.”*

The Socialist managers claim that the
Mayor has no chance of winhing and
that the race {s entirely between Mr.
Rillquit and Judge Hylan.

The first word in the campaign from
®n important official of the national Ad-
ministration was received yesterday by
the fusion managers in the form of a
Strong indorsement of the Mayor by
Frank LL. Polk. Counsellor to the State
Department. In: a letter to the Mayor
Mr. Polk wrote: x

“As a citizen of New York and a
taxpayer I am deeply interested, as all
right thinking citizens should be, in con-
tinuing an honest and efficient adminis.
tration of the complicated affairs of our |
great city. Throughout the United}
States the conduct of the affairs of the
eity by you and your colleagues is rece |
ognized ag the shining example of how
® municipality should be governed. A
defeat would be looked on in every com- |
munity ag @ serious blow to good goy-/
ernment, Beyond all question your
splendid record entitles you to Tealacion 2

a es ESSN

Polk Gives Testimony. |

Having had the good fortune of be.
ing a member of your administration,
1 know with what honesty of purpose,
courage, self-sacrifice and intelligence
you devoted yourself to the thankless
and difficult task of meeting the many
Problems that presented themselves, and
' shall always feel that I was privi-
leged indeed to have been associated
With yoy im the great work.

“It ia eaid that the average voter has
@ short memory, but the people of New
York on election day will not have for-
tten the character of government New
ork hag suffered from some of the
revious bess ridden administrations, |
hey will be called on to choose between
continuing administration of the
city’g m by trained, Intelligent and
honest is, conducted for thie ben-
efit a oe ernie * revert tos
Partisan in ion by ctable
dum and inootingten politicians for.
the bene@t af an organization which cer-
tainiy net been distinguished in ite

by its regard for civic

 

 
   
  

 

 
 
    
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
  

  
  
  
 

in.

“Most was arrested at once, indicted,
convicted and sentenced to ene year's
imprisonment on Blackwell's Island, He
served his term. His counsel was Mor-
ris Hillquit... Hiliquit made a hard fight
‘for his client, and on October 14, 1901,
the day he was sentenced by Judge
Hinsdale in the Court of Special Ses-
sions, Hillquit stood by Most's side and
helped to support and comfort the now
tottering and nervous anarchist,

“Part of the editorial that brought
Most his puntshment read thus:

“Let murder be our study, murder
in every form. In this one word lies
more humanity than in all our theories.
The despots are outlawed; they are in
human seciety what the tiger is among
animals. To spare them is a crime.’

“When Hillquit pleaded for his an-
archist client before the Court of Ap-
Peals he mgde these four principal
points:

“The conviction of the defendant can-
not be maintained under the Constitu-
tion of the State.

“The publication of the article did not
openly outrage tho public decency.

“The publication of the article did
not constitute an offence under tie Penal
Code.

“The publieation of the article was
not a justifiable offence under the law.

“The Court of Appeals could not be
convinced by the Hiliquit argument that
the publication of this advics by Mos*
to plan and perpetrate murder
not #n outrage on public decency. On
June 10, 1902, the court's six Judges
unanimously decided that Most had been
justly convicted and that Hillquit had
no plea to the contrary that was wortn
considering.

“Again on April 7, 1908, Morris Hill-
quit was retained as the counsel of
another anarchist--Selig Silverstein, the
bomb thrower of Union Square. Several
thousand people had marched to the
Square as a protest and a demonstra-
tion against unemployment,  Silver-
stein and a companion sat on a bench iri
the park and as a platoon of police ap-
proached to preserve order they arose
and Silverstein prepared to throw a
bomb. The bomb explod@d in his hand,
but its force was sufficient to kill his
companion and injure seven bystanders,
including two policemen. Silverstein
himse]f was so badly hurt that he had
to be taken to Bellevue Hospital, where
he was placed in the prison ward.

“Immediately the wounded man’s
anarchist friends bestirred themselves to
get him a lawyer, and Morris Hillqut
was selected. He was remembered by
many of Silverstein's particular class
for his strenuous defence of Herr Most
seven years before. He went to Belle:
vue Hospital with Cecelia Silverstein,
the wounded anarchist’s sister. Plans
for Silverstein's. defence were made at
his bedside.

“The New York Herald in its issue
of April 8, 1908, carried the story of
Hillquit being retained as the bomb
thrower's lawyer in big display type

thus:

“*Hillquit Counsel for Silverstein.
Sister of Bomb Thrower Retains 8o-
cialist Lawyer to Defend Case in
Court. Pays Visit to Client. Prisoner
Makes Statement to Attorney in Belle-
vue Hospital. Physician Has Hopes
That He May Recover.’

“Papers “found in Bivoretetn's room
in Williameburg revedled a close con-
nection between him and. Alexander
Berkman and Emma Goldman, recently
convicted of seditous utterances. Despite
all of Hillduit’s plans to defend Silver-
stein, however, the wounded anarchist
died three weeks later, glorying in his
crime until the last.

“Hiliquit's appeal for his anarchist
client, Herr Most, was a famous case
in its day... The decision of the Court

 

\

, |four raflroad brotherhoods that forced

yesterday by the fu-!

and the |

was |

     
  

  
 
 
 

  

virtue, of Appeals is to be found in Volume
“Suge one fosnrmeat ne an| 171.0f the State reports. ‘

caterer chee] an

admin avinee bee Pek. at a ecif.. Wisconsin Looks ,

RO count, and & force New York for Example
whether they . Nov. 3.
‘HE SUN:

. the
Tues-:

wage Fale
fiam. m4 osaee New ane y
an example in

  

    
 
   
         
  
 
 
  

    
  
 

   
 

oy ) are under |

 

Special Despatch to Tan BuK,

Pitteaura, Nov. 3.—Aroused by infor-
mation that Fritz Kreisier, violinist, is
an officer in the Austrian army and is
sending funds procured through Ameri-
can concerts to Austria, the society folk
of Sewickley And Edgeworth have can-
celled the violinist's engagement to ap-
pear before the Women's Club of Sewick-
ley Valley and the Edgeworth Club.

The fact that Kreisler has seen active
| Service with the Austrian army, recetv-
ing &@ wound which resulted in his pres-
ent furlough, during which he is filling
concert engagements in American cities,
aleo militated against his appearance
and hastened to-day’s action of cancel-
ling the engagement.

It was contended that any support
given at this time to an ally of our en-
emy would be indicative of a lack of
‘wholehearted support to the Govern-
ment fn its war prosecution.

SHORT TRAINS

Four Unions Will Ask Con.
gress to Pass Bill Af-
fecting Freight.

 

 

 

 

R. R. OFFICIALS PROTEST
{

 

War Service Will Be Crippled
and Commerce Paralyzed,
They Assert.

 

i
‘

trains on all American railroads will be
| urged on Congress next month by the
‘the enactment of the Adamson eight hour
| law when a nationwide transportation |

strike was ordered last year. All the |,

pressure their united membership is
| capable of is to be brought to bear on
{members of Congress to enact such a:
_ law, ostensibly in the interest of safety. :
:  Ratlroad operating officials in Wash-
| ofthe: directing the war. efficiency work
|

 

Germans Tell of Thrust and
Prisoners at MRhine-

Marne Canal.

of the Government, assert that the short, :
train law not only would paralyse the ,
; inter: 1 commerce of the country, but
; would put in jeopardy the, fate of the|
allied democracies on the European bat- {| nouncement to-day:

| Ueflelds. : ;. At the Rhine-Marne Canal, as a
; America’s big Job, it is pointed out, '9) result of a reconnoitring thrust,

{to pour such a huge flood of oe | North American soldiers were brought
across the Atlantic that the Teuton in- in as prisoners,

vaders will be crushed by the sheer
weight of metal. “The country’s capacity bp ts Boh ata, through
to do this work is measured by railroad which there has been little fighting

tonnage capacity. since the early days/ot the war. It
crosses the French front at a point
near the German border, twenty miles
northerst of Luneville.

 

Train Load increase.
The whole campaign of the Railroad |

 

ing “20 per cent. more tonnage in 1916! pectal
with only a slight increase in cars and | Wasaieoren, Nor.” The”
locomotives, has been directed to in-! announcement that
creasing the train load. In April the|

average train load was increased to |
738 tons; May to 793 tons, and July,
783 tons. -

By making two trains do the work
done by three in 1910, the War Board
has accomplished the: same result as if
aa i Oe Cree nee hee nce an | retatred to Cenadian and not United
the rails. These have been the means of | "‘#te8 troops as Americans.
saving enormous quantities of labor and j
materials for the pressing needs of our; Srinath eee ye the ape
allies, especially in rebuilding Russian 11 1 2 Y, “pprecia
and French railroads, Now with this! 2" realized here. The ‘German high
accomplished the labor chiefs have | Command has been eager to capture
planned a ‘blow which railroad managers Americans and recently the commanders
say would be nothing short of crippling | on the front are reported to have offered
the service. special money rewards and other in-

Legislative agenta of the big four ducements to the first German troops
brotherhoods for several years have | who took a man tn the American uni-
been introducing short train Dbille in| form.
every State Legislaturo. In only one; Although the sector in which the
State, Arisona, have they forced legisia- | American troops are operating is rela-
tion. The bill they have now drawn and | tively wrtet-ttere have been night rald-
behind which the four brotherhoods are | !ng Parties on both sides and Américans
to exert all their efforts would limit all | have already partic!pated tn these raids.
trains to fifty cars. The brotherhood! It may be as a result of this that the
national legislative agents have decided | first Americans from Pershing’s force
it-is a waste of time to conduct a cam- | have been captured.
paign !r..forty-eight States when one! The United States Government has
national law will cover the country. already taken steps to be assured that
| the American prisoners in German hands
' will fare as well as possible. Through

The Interstate Commerce Commission, | the Red Crosk at Geneva the Govern-
on which silts a former chief of one of | ment has arranged to provide food and
the brotherhoods has repeatedly com- Clothing for American prisoners,
mended the carriers for their develop- | ee. ;
ment of the big train and in rate casei! PE RSHING: LOSES 2 MEN.
opinions has recommended greater ef- | e
forts in increasing train loading as ai One
means of reducing operating costs. |
| When Justice Brandies appeared as|
counsel for the commission in the 1914 |
rate case, Heavier train loading was one | reported to the War Department to-day
of his famous efficiency propositions. the death of two privates, one from

To abandon the big train, operating! natural causes and the other from
officers say would not only make unpro-/ gunshot wound, recorded as possibly
| ductive the enormous expenditures in re- , accidental. 4 ,
building the roads for big tonnage) Private Ralpn W. Wheeler, machine
trains, but would force further heavy! un battalion, a son of Fred Wheeler,
#xpenditures for thousands of new loco- |
motives to haul short trains and forjad- | Of natural caures.
ditional tracks and terminal facilities to |
handle them.

American soldiers
had been captured by a German recon-
noltring party caused a stir here, but

shing.
There is, however, no reason so far
to doubt the German announcement,

 

 

 

Big Trains Commended.

 

 

Dies From Natural

' Other From Wound,

Causes,

November 1 of blood poisoniag

Operating officers po!nt out the enact. | result of a gunshot wofnd, possibly ac- | resumed.

cidental, His mother, Mra. Mav Vana,
ment of a ehort train law would result | vastus Alilwauwes,
in sucha congestion of traffic that the:

country would be thrown into a trans- RAIN HINDERS GUNFIRE.

portation panic.
American Battalions in

BRAZIL TO JOIN WAR; Sector Wade in Mad.
CHIEF PLEDGES AID. By the Associated Press

President Braz Assures Eng-
land of Cooperation.

French

Nov. 3.—A heavy downpour, beginning
jat noon Friday, hindered the activity of
| the artillery in the portion of the French

 

@ message of felicitation from King | 4748 into seas of mud.
 ephe Bethe urna eet nine on Friday, but there has been nothing in
that, forced to enter the war by the un- the reports to headquarters to suggest
ceasing acts of Germany against civil-!@ny change in the normal situation
ization, Brazil would join with the Alltes| along the American sector.
in defence of the rights of humanity. Gen. Pershing returned yesterday

from a visit to the British front. <A
+ °
gee eee aa party of American Major-Generaly has

sumed a Violent character to-day. The spapeered the billets of the first con-
| damage was heavy. ment.
Ant!-German outbreaks also are re-

 

CAPTIVES TAKEN

France in?

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1917,.—“onurioht, 1917, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association.
BROTHERHOODS. |**2/S18ts arnep
OPEN FIGHT FOR i*sx*tizats: tenes

 

|

i
!

{

Brauin (via London), Nov, 3.—Th
War Office made ‘the following an- \

\

!

i The attitude toward the suggestion of |

3.—The Berlin |

is not confirmed by Major-Gen. Per- | fighting machines.

though it is possible Berlin may have ;
| airplanes to take part.

That Americans almost inevitably will |

| aerial arm of the attack would be over-
‘whelmingly in favor of the nations fight- |

‘Russian and Italian fronts,

 

TV.

‘60 PAGES,

?

BRITISH SINK ELEVEN
GERMAN WARSHIPS IN
BATTLE IN CATTEGAT

Converted Cruiser,
Vessels Sent to Bottom by Destroyers—Sixty Dead,
Many Wounded—British Ships Undamaged.

PLAN FOR BIG
NAVAL THRUST
GAINS FAVOR

Greatest of Fleets, Aided by
Airplanes, Might Stagger
the Enemy.

 

 

 

Lonpon, Nov, 3.—The German aux-
{Mary cruleer Marte, of 3,000 tons, carry-
ing four six inch guns, was sunk by
British destroyers in the Cattegat, the
arm of the North Sea which separates
Denmark from Sweden. Sixty men of her

Belief Grows That Gains of | cow of ninety were killed in a sharp
naval battle which began twelve miles

Territory Are Too Slow
i north of Kullen. Ten armed German
to Bring V ictory. [eames vessels were destroyed at the

casks. She probably wae en
attempt to elip through the Bri
don and gain the open eea.
According to the Copenhagen corre-
epondent of the Central News the Ger-
man vessels were displaying no -flag.
When the British signalled them to show
their colors the German cruiser opened

 

NEW METHODS ARE URGED

 

bodies of many

German ba | The ve

Germans have/ already been
ashore on the Swedish coast.

RADIO CONTROL FAILS.

Germans Lose Vessel Sent to’ At-
tack British Patrols,

Lonxpon, Nov. 3.—An attack was made
to-day on British patrol vessels by an
electrically controlled craft. The bpat
was destroyed. The official statement
says:

An attack was made to-day on our
vessels patrolling the Belgian coast
by an electrically controlled high speed
boat. The attack was defeated and

same time, one of them apparently the
« | Crocodile of 1,000 tons.

w ikreovin: toe ‘ caattaah ‘| ‘When the ‘German flotilla met the Brit-
@ naval drive at the U-boat bases and|!#h the Marie immediately opened fire,
to hem in Germany from the sea which was returned. In ten minutes the
i a IR | ee I RA lr
wor as nown is ping renew hat ,
rapidly and is gaining ground in the | Picked uP 4 a Danish ship Dalgas,
highest official circles here as a result ; ers by the Trondhjem, which landed
of the German naval successes in the Vivek an ara Mad ie, een a
me sual OTEeR Sereay os Bien of them, were rescued by the. British de-

Taking into account the full explana- Dart thetanen wee weanat .
hort ‘of the ‘British Admiralty, of tre | Marie, In a statement to the National | the boat destroyed.
reasons for not sending a British fleet | e, sald his vessel ‘was suddenly at- The term “electrically controlled” sug-
Russiana itr thes Baltes nic wehleeed | TeDIGity that his men tere vistusiiy une | Ketts,s Gevice sltallar to that invented
here by officials” whose opinions will oath te cee i. guns and after a few | fare, yr wae aan eend parteded &
have the greatest weight in the conduct The Britten. Suntonare “ineh cookie i motor boat of swift type which gould be
of the war that an arrangement can bel nring ana « ed about thirty men | controllel by radio waves ashore. Ac-
made whereby an overpowering allied | rH, Captain, who was wounds and | cording to the inventor, this device could
fleet can be detached from all other duty fifteda men eucoesded in entering a life- | be applied to any and larger types of
and used in the drive and yet leave none boat and were picked up by a Danish craft and the radio waves would con-
of the allied seacoasts without adequate steamship. The rest of the crew was! trol its every movement and operation
oT ee ick. this stants te seme had killed during the fight. The Danish ves- | by the elmple manipulation of a device

sel crui bo: ashore.

formed and none of its relatively minor warvivos’ dines: es cake oat | Congress appropriated a sum approxt-
details’ has even been considered. | poo stained, empty yaw! from the | mating $1,000,000 for the purchase of
Crocodile. He said that the yawl had the Hamménd patent and a committee
containéd twenty men, most of them | was apne ¥ ~ sg it, a ores
wound }it do all that {ts inventor claimed,
vealed. It is unlikely that it will be put another Danish Suth Ane wee ek | was to be acguired by the Government.
into effect before spring, at the earliest, jlater brought to Copenhagen. | Major-Gen. Wood headed the joint army-
even if all the detalls of the plan are! The Crocodile, which was a new ves-| navy board of inquiry, but the work of
completed. jsel, had been disguised as a neutral|the board was not complete when war

a me at Mopar se on nae ;merchantman and carried a deckload of | came on @pd the tests stopped.

Several thousand |

wa haren =e" GERMANS FALL |42 LOST AS NAVY
BACK ONE MILE) BOAT FOUNDERS

in some direction. Naturally the naval French Force. Retreat on 13| Picket Craft of Battleship
“rthe problem of course ie an enormous; Mile Frontin Aisne Sec’ | Michigan Is Lost in Gale
tor, to Ailette. | —Three Bodies Found.

 

 

the other nations at war with Germany
either {s not known or cannot be re-

 

 

 

 

 

 

The impression {s gaining ground |
among officials concerned in the conduct |
of the war that the complete victory de- |
manded by America and the Allies must |
come or at least be considerably has- |

 

one. Mine flelds and land fortifications |
would have to. be dealt with, a» well as
submarines and the German fleet. The

 

 

IaNDON, Nov. 8.—The whole section; WaAsnrnaton, Nov. 8.—Twelve
ing Prussta, though, an@- would more Ton the Atahie front, extending from the! All of the crew of a picket boat of the
Sehie eathnae he are PY | Oi ! 1 the west to Cordeny | battleship Michigan, were iost when their
German mine flelds, it !s believed here. se-Alsne canal on the we : > | ‘
It is no secret that little actual terri-!on the east, a distance of thirteen miles, | little craft foundered in home waters, In
torial gain is expected any longer on the comprieing the western end of the fa-/a brief announcement of the disaster to-
The troops | ’ | day the Navy Department gave no de-
on these fronts are looked upon as | mous Chemin-des-Dames, was svacuated | . vy Pp
mainly valuable to keep a large force of | Thursday night by the Germans, who re-/ tails of place.
Germans and Austrians engaged. The! treated about one mile to the north; boat was on patrol duty and foundered

crushing of Germany must come from | bank of the Ailette River, where they; in a heavy sea or met with some acct-

|other directions, it is being urged, and

it is being urged strongly that the em- | are making at least a temporary stand.| dent. The Department made this state-

 

,Ployment of a weapon hitherto practi-!| The French foljowed them up closely | ment:
cally unused offensively would force the | and are now on the south bank of the The Navy Department announces
Kaiser to his knees faster than merely that on October 30 the picket boat of

‘
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.—Gen. Pershing |

j
|
'

|

WiTH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE, |

front where the American battalion’ | afayette Escadrille,
Rio Janerro, Nov. 3.—In response to; #re on duty and converted the back his fifteenth German

No official. communication was issued y jicago Tribune.

“ ‘Sun’ Tobacco Fund
Will Help Win War”

ported from Curityba and Bao Paulo,| CONGRESSMEN ON TOUR. |

The guard detachments over the Central
Railway of Brazil have been doubled,
all officers have been recalled to their
garrisons and furloughe suspended. A,
spy, whose nationality is not publicly
known, has been arrested in Rio Janeiro, | American Congressmen left to-day for
The Brazilian steamslps Acary, for-|a visit to the French front. They will
merly the German steamship Ebernburg,|Vimt the American training camp and
4,275 tons gross, and Guarahy have been|the intrenched American troops also
torpedoed in European waters. as the guests of Gen. Pershing. ‘They
Two men were killed and four injured. ; wil) then proceed to the British front.
Both ships, according to the latest re-|

Porn" peaponne to" the demand fer ve, |BET TING ON HYLAN
CLOSES AT 3TO 1

 

Pershing’s Camp.

 

prisals against the German aggressions
the President of the republic. has sent to}
the Congress a message containing the
following recommendations:
First—Annulment of contracts for pub-|} Entire Campaign.
lic works entered into with Germans, |
Second—Prohibition of new land con-
ceasions to German subjects. brokera on the Broad street curb mar-
Third—Control of German banks .and | ket, closed yesterday at the following
eventual annulment of their license and| prices:
the extension of these measures to Ger-
man commercial firms.
Fourth—Prohibition of the transfer of }
‘ownership of German properties, }
| ¥Vifth, the internment of German sus-
pects.
The message adds that authorization
is given to the members of the Cabinet

 

Odds on the election, as quoted by

 

Hylan to win, 3 to 1.

Mitchel to win, 1 to 21%.
Bennett to win, 1 to 10,
Hillquit to win, 1 to 8%.

The largest bet of the week was of
$6,000 to $2,000 on Hylan,’ placed
through Edward McQuade, Several

lier bets- at the odds quoted wera
to take without restriction the neces- | *™4
sary measures for the efMficiency of the | Placed through Percy Guard on

, Broad street curb and through Fred
military organisation of the republic. | Schumm {n Brooklyn. Generally, how-

lever, the betting has been extremely
| Mght during the entire campaign, with
8,—Joseph Calillaux, | freak bets in the majority. Consider-

 

Caitianx Gets Summons.
Panis, Nov.

    

testify before Capt, Bouchardon, the ex- | quit will receive 110,000 yotes,
amining officer, in connection with one ain itaauee ered )
i the ee eee yin ime, Nov. 4th {tlente-Birmingham 8 ecial
» jive N.Y, 19 P. M. Instead 3.34 P.

investigation. | Sesvenre Air Line, 1

 

 
  

184 Broadway.—4dv.

  

former Premier, was called to-day to!able money has been wagered that Hill- |

Eleven Americans Start for Gen. |

Paris, Nov, 3.—A delegation of eleven |

| Little Money Wagered During :

|

the |'

|
|

dv. |
i

y he four villages
| Fiver, AAS COOUDIINE + | the U. 8. 8, Michigan foundered. Ap-
| ot Courtecen, Cerny, Alles: and el parently the entire crew were lost.
| reux, all of which are about eight miles The finding of the bodies of three of
| south of Laon, the French objective !n} the crew and the failure to find any
other trace of the boat or its occupants
leads the Department to believe that
all were lost.

maintaining the pounding which has
been in progress for years,

BURST MAIN TIES UP SUBWAY.
: this sector. rat
Service From 14th Street to nrooke | The new French positions on the Aus

lyn Bridge Stopped. ette are much more favorable for opera-

| tie : n than those on the

Water pouring into the subway from tions aguinst Lao : h German
a broken water matin at Canal and La-|Chemjn~des-Dames, while the Gert

fayette streets thts morning at 2 o'clock | defence, if one is made here, be

 

 

 

! List of Casualties,

The Navy Department made public
the following crew list:

 

will

 

ports the capture since October 23 of father, Albert C. Hendrickson, York, Pa,

 
  

SCOTT, ROSCOK

 

or ten days is shown by the War Of-
i fireman; brother, Frank
While workmen were trying to fix the | 422 Germar, guns and 720 machine BUNh  C.. Scott, Denver
main the Interborough put shuttle trains| The official reports follow : WING, geet ie Je Speman; mother,
into operation from Brooklyn Bridge 6 Ave Cut. ATWOOD, AUSTIN, seaman; father,
to the stations {n Brooklyn and north of Bridges hin rgoree Ataood Sandusky, Ohio
Fourteenth street. —In the course of the LOW, ARTHUR A.; father, James C.
, sinnt cuss Hteces Me nue to make Rane auatibews: Mecklenburg county,
eee Nor arolina,
between the Olse Canal and | wieisteR, ANDREW F.. unner's mate;
LUFBERY DOWNS 15TH ENEMY. er erick of Corbeny and reached mother, Anna Klose, Wilkesbarre, Pa.

FISCHER, WALTER H., coxawain: fath ,
the south bank of the Allette River Fischer, Chicago, SESE

American Filer Scores in Another | Henry J.

t's : oe

| r this entire front. Friday nigh JONES, CLARENCE L., seaman; mother,
Battle With Germans, | omcial French communication, in which Aura F. Jones, Bucksport, Me

Paria, Nov. 3.—Lieut, Raoul Lufbery | the beginning of this movement evi- TAMILLO, EDMUND L., coxawain:; mother,

Ressie Tamillo, Chicago

dently was announced, has not been | pinwarch.

NT hase has retired to the north
bank of the river, whose bridges and
foot bridges were cut. :
Artillery fighting continues very
vigorously in the sector of Chavignon
and at certain points in the region
lateaus.

bas vais way of material captured
since October 23 we have actually

of Wallingford, Conn., member of the
has brought down |
airplane, accord- |
to-day’s Paris edition of the

GEORGE M.,

JR.,
Nationai Naval Volunteers

(no detailed
information regarding enlistment)

ing to One Body Recovered.

The body of Coxswain Tamillo has
been recovered. It was found by fisher-
men entangled In their nets last Tues-
day and later identified and claimed by
navy officials

A violent storm had swept the coast

|

‘ 0 heavy and field guns, 222 | where the accident occurred 6n the day
(OY HAT ere the thoughts | CE msn and 720 machine guns, previous to the finding of Tamillo’s had
: which come into a sol- | | On the right bank of the Meuse {It is belleved by the fishermen that
dier’s mind when he 18 (Verdun front) there were violent ar- | Tamillo when his boat foundered had
wounded?” Sergt. Alexander tillery engagements in the region of jendeavored to save himself and may
McClintock, late of the Can- Chaume Wood. An enemy attack north | have swum some distance when he found
adian Grenadier Guards, was |} of at Mihiel waa without result, The {the nets. His hands were tightly
asked yesterday. night was calm everywhere else. clasped around the lines of the net as if
“My first thought was for | In the period between October 21 | {n a death grip, and it was necessary to
: y ” & : a | and 31 twenty-three German airplanes | cut the ropes to untangle the body and

cigarette, he replied. < I} were'brought down. Of these twenty- | loosen the hands of the drowned man.

lighted it before I vestigated || ce were destroyed by our pilots after —

and found, where I was hit.’ | combat and two by our special cannon. Provinence, Nov. 3.—George M. Hid-
| Furthermore, twenty-eight gee ya ee 2h. nares * i of those
Having received twenty-two | chines were damaged seriously and de- Fe. Progen pene us Ee capalsing
¢ , f a picket boat from the U. §. 8, °
wounds and been awarded a Dis- || scended within the German lines. Bee aliocsd ia ta ues Michi
tinguished Conduct medal. Sergt. | | Many Airplanes Wrecked. marsh, Jr., the son of a police officer of
McClintock, who is a Kentucky |! , : this city. Hindmarsh, who was 22 years
boy, understands thoroughly French (Night)—-On enlisted in the Naval Militia in

front our troops are organizing the
new ground conquered from the Otse
Cana] to Corbeny, To-day quite lively
artillery actions were fought in the
different sectors of the Chemin-des-
Dames, Two enemy surprise attacks
on amall posts south of Anisy were un-
successful.
¢During the course of the battle of
Malmaison our aviatora with great
audacityattacKed theenemy troops with

what a soldier needs and wants.
On page 10 he says THE SUN
Tobacco Fund is going to be an
important factor in winning the
war for America and the Allies,

. Fund night at Pelham Heath
Inn, Thursday, will be one of the
big features of this week. Harr7

April and later was assigned to duty on
the Michigan,

 

“CENTRAL” WON'T TELL you!

Too Basy With War to Phone Flec-
tion News Tuesday Night,
The New York Telephone Company

 

Probable Raider and Mire Patrol

fire, at the same time breaking out the

   

Susskind, the proprietor, is ar-
ranging a particularly attractive
programme,

their machine guns, and bombarded
stations and points of concentration.
They fought 611 aerial engagements.
Sixteen German airplanes were
brought down and three captive bal-
loons set on fire. In addition, fifty
enemy airplanes fell ingide their own
lines, the greater part of them being
completely destroyed,

._In Champagne we carried out a
surprise attack against a small enemy
fort: west of Butte de ~Mesnil and
brought back prisoners.

On the right bank of the Meuse the
artillery strugale has taken on a chav-
acter of great intensity on tle front of
Chaume Wood-Rezonvaux. (The can-

‘

|

|

Don't forget the contribution |

boxes in the United Cigar stores | |
and the Schulte stores. The sol-

diers benefit in tobacco from
every coupon or certificate placed

in any of these receptacles, |

‘

WARNING! THE SUN To.
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors,

Continued on Second Page.

|
|
|

this year will be unable to give out elec.
tion results by telephone as has been
{ts custom heretofore. Under present war
conditions the volume of telephone traffic
1s #80 great that the equipment and
workers set aside !n other years to col-
lect and give out election returns on
request cannot be spared from the
regular work.

Subscribers are réquested not to ask
the operators for election reports, since
in the circumstances they cannot provide
this information, Subscribers are asked
to help keep the lines free for important
calls by refraining from calling the
newspapera for returns

N. ¥.-8T, PETERSBURG SLEEPER
Daily 3:34 P.M. Seaboard Air Line. Rail-
way, 1184 Broadway.—Adv,

é

IT SHINES FOR ALL

 

    

.

PRICE FIVE CENTS { Rovete |.

|ARMIES FACING

nen

|

‘
,

}

{

 

 

4

IN ITALY, BUT

DELAY BATTLE

 

Skirmishing in Progress Is
Considered Fecler for ~‘
Austro-Germans.

 

PRISONERS NOW 200,000

 

Cadorna Strengthens Line,
Although Flank Attack
May Crumple It.

 

HALT AIDS EACH SIDE

 

Retreat to Tagliamento Now
Considered Masterpiece
of Strategy.

 

LONDON, Nov. 3.—8o far as news has
been received here, no fighting of im-
Portance has taken place on the battle
front of Italy, The two a@reat armies of
Gen Cadorna and Field Marshal Mack-
ensen are lined up facing each other
on opposite aides of' the Tagliamento
River; the Germans apparently are not
yet ready to attack; the Italians are
waiting for the next move of thelr foas..
Minor German assaults are being made
here and there along the Iine for the
purpose of feeling out the Italian
strength; all these attempts were re-
pulsed, Rome reports,

Delay in going tnto action, while an-
doubtedly of great benefit to the Italian
forces, which thereby are enabled to put
their lines tn much better shape and to
receive material additions of men, not
only from the bringing up of their own
reserves, but also from the French and
British reinforcements which are being
rushed to their aid, is also of advantage
to the Germans if the latter’are planning
to strike the Italian forces from the rear
and flank with an additional army de-
scending from the Trentino and the Car-
nic Alps. Intimations have been received
from Switzerland that euch a movement
is under way, but no definite news on
this point has been received,

Over 200,000 Captured. .

Berlin asserts that the number of
Prisoners taken has risen to more than

200,000... The German Headquarters re-
port follows:
‘ There have been no further im-

men, |

Presumably the picket,

|
|

{
|

ca eyt YOUNG, JAMES P., chief gunner’s mate;
Westmoreland, ‘N. H., died October 29 | teenth street to Brookiyn Bridge, “Arig {much less effective, That the Germass mare, ereorey Young, <P Atlantis
oN, “ t = . * st wee avenue, rooklyn,
o'clock the break had not been repaired, | have suffered severely In the la | sca Ute, JOSEPH. I. eoaman: brother, |
Private Feank Vana, infantry. Gied | and it was expected jt would still be - erman Schultz, Fort Wayne, Ind.
«9 the | several hours before the service could be! fice statement from Paris, which re-|] HENDRICKSON, JOSEPH H., seaman;

 

1

 

 

seaman, | ments,

nee sn

portant military operations.

Up to the present more than 200,000
prisoners and more than 1.800 guna
have been enumerated. The booty in
machine” Were YAM throwers, motor
vehicles, baggage and other war ma-

terial cannot be estimated éven ap-
proximately.

‘The Italian” statement says that
Austro-German pressure was more

noticeable yesterday on the left wing of
the Italian armies ou the Tagliamentn

line. Attempts made bw the Teutons ta
reach the right bank of the river, the
statement adds, lave been frustrated hy

the Italiar

AOSTA’S FEAT PRAISED.
Saving of the Third
warded as Master Effort,

Ry the Assoctated Presse
ITALIAN HEADQUARTERS IN NORTHERN
Irauy, Nov. 3.—After trials such as a
great military body has seldom expert-

troops

Army Ree

enced the new Italian army is to-day
reconstituted, with regiments. brigades
and divisions reformed, and tts concen-

tration on new lines is being gradually
established
The situation early to-day showed the

‘| spirit and morale of the troope heartened

and while conditions along the fightine
front continue grave, yet the rapidity
of the reformation and the renewal of
steadinegs and stabjiity among all ranks
has improved the general situation

The Duke of Aosta’s suecess in bring-
ing the Third army practically intaer
into the new position back of the Taglia-

mento Iver, after extmecating it from
the impending danger of envelopment, ie
regarded as a strategic operation of the
highest order It was a question of
abandoning lines of intricate and solid
construction, more than a mile in depth
with an elaborate system of emplace-

trenches, connections by roads
and railways, in addition to enormous
stores, guns and material, and all this
in the fare of a violent bonibardmen:
and infantry rushes by the enemy in

frant, on the flank and sometémes in the
rear

Enemy Held at River.

 
 
  

 

The enemy advance is being heid
west of the Tagliamenta River through
rear fuard actions. The Ttallan cavalry
is again demonstrating ite value, The
river is difficult to cross, as the rapide
are so swift that pontoons cannot he
floated,

The reference to “west of the Tagha
mento River’ is) in reted to mean
that the Austro-Gierman forces ure beine
held along the line of the watercourse
since the War Office in Rome has given
no intimation that the forees of the
enemy have crossed that stream

Reports coming {1 from a)! quartera
now make jt clear that the enemy united
{n the dectsion to try to deliver a etag
gering blow at Italy and thus derange
the entire scope of the Pitente offensives
at other points Not viv dd German:
participate with heavy forces massed
against the Itallan eecond army, but the
larger part of the huge concentration
was drawn from the Russian front un-
der circumstances which the Ttallans at

present consider very mysterious,
There were 130 enemy divisions on tha

Russian front, but several of these divia.
fons were withdrawn for a smashing
blow at Italy. Exactly what happened
when this combination struck {ts blow
now becomes clear. The matin forces of
the attack was in the north, where the
Italian Second Ariny pot only had ite
elaborate advance positions, but alee
two succeseive lines of defenca, on which
they could fall back in case of emer.
gency.

It was about 4 o'clock in the morning:
when the enomy forces launched their
first attack, which consisted of a terrifie
bombardment, followed by infantry ad-
vances,

From the atrategic @tandpoint tha
Italian retreat in northern Italy hae

shortened the Itaiian front from an ir-
regular curve of seventy miles to a ecom-~
pact, straight line. he former front,{
just abandoned, stretched from Plezz»
southward to the Gulf of Triest, which
ia fifty miles in an air line and more

 

 

ats
rr ase Row kane 2

 

   
  
  

  
 

    

 
 

Saipan

—