- TWO SQUADS START TO

ee a

=
VOL. LXXIX.—NO. 206.

 

SURROUND ALLEN GANG

Tosse Goes North From Mount
Airy and Another South
From Hillsville.

THE THIRD DEGREE TRIED

 

 

Detectives Sweat Sidna Edwards, but Get
No Information of Value—Out-
laws Send Deffance.

Mount Airy, N. C., Messi 23.--A
detectives, the Sheriff of the
county and c number of deputies and
nosse men have just left here for the
ryountains ten miles north, where three
the Virginia outlaws are sald to be

zen

hiding

They will enter the mountains from |
this side, while the detectives and Vir-
einia authorities will advance from
Hilleville at the north to surround the
outlaws

Those In position to know declare that
three of the outlaws will be
captured before daybreak.

Tt fs not expected to capture Sidna
\ilen, for he is supposed to be In an. |

locality, but Claude and Friel

\llen and Wesley Edwards will probably |
be prisoners or dead before another sun
rises

Last evening at 6 o'clock a courier
eft for Hillsville, Va., with a map of
the mguntains and the location of each
owlaw, and this information went to
Detective Feltz, in charge of the detec-
tives in the mountains. This means
that already the machinery is in motion
that will eapture the outlaws.
Information from a reliable source
Indicates that three of the out-
Iriel Allen, Wesley Edwards and
Claude Allen, are together 'n the neigh-
borhood of Dug Spur, but Sidna Allen
s several miles to the east, where he
vill fight \t out alone. Those who are
ursuing the outlaws predict that even
sium Alien taken Without
‘ioodshed, because it is belleved that
he strain is telling upon him and that
his spirit is broken. However, there
“re those Who know him better who
nelleve that he will dle fighting rather
than face trial.

Roanoke, Va., March 23. -This after-
noon at 2:30 Sidney Edwards, who was
aptured yesterday near Lambsburg, was
removed from the Hillsville jail and taken
to Galax by three detectives. The pris-
oner will be held) there under a heavy
euard until to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock, When he will be placed on a train
hound for Roanoke

Yesterday was a hard day for Floyd
Allen in jail here. First he was informed |
of the arrest of his nephew, Sidna |
hdwards, and a few moments later Sergt.
lillett served upon him the writs in the
civil damage suits instituted by the ad-
ministrators of Judge Thornton L. Massie,
Commonwealth's Attorney William Foster |
and Sheriff Webb.

When he was told of Edward's arrest |
he asked where he was captured. He |
was informed at Lambs Burg, to which
he replied: “Ah, that’s just seven miles
from home, really further than I thought
he would get. He is very lame from a
burn he seceived on his ankle several
vears ago and besides he has been so
unwell for some time that he had to
travel in a vehicle from place to place

at least

other

 

to-day

aAWws,

 

‘
tuay ve

 

 

 

  

re ape

 

 

CHICAGO ANARCHIST PLOT?

Strange Story From Italy as to Origin of
Dalba's Regicide Attempt.
Special Cable Despatch to Tan Stn

Lonvon, March 28,~-The Italian censor
stopped a day or two ago the telegraphing
of a story printed in the Mattino of Naples
to the effect that a discovery had been
made of an alleged plot to kiil King Victor |
Emmanuel which was hatched in Chicago.
The story has been received here by mail.

The Mattino saya that the Prefeot |
of Naples was notified by the Home Office
on March 2 that the Italian Consul at
Chicago had reported that Italian and
Rumanian bricklayers in that city had
conspired to assassinate the Italian King.
Two brothers named Cristofaro were
chosen to commit the deed.

The police investigated and found the
mother of the men at Avelino. She sad
that she had three sons--Domenico,
aged 28; Pasquale, aged 24, and Salvatore,
aged 23—and that they were employed
as bricklayers in Chicago. She shad a
letter from Domenico dated Chicago,
March 2, in which it was said that Salva-
tore refused to work and wanted to pose
as a rich man; also, that he would prob-
ably leave for Italy shortly.

All three brothers, the paper reports,
had written large letters to Italy whioh
were heavily underscored across the
pages.

The Chief of the Naples police is now
likely to be removed from his post for his
failure to arrest the two anarohists who
have arrived in Italy from Chicago and
who, it is believed, communicated with
Antonio Dalba before his attempt to
assassinate the King. |

 

This story probably explains the arrest
of the Rumanian named Tacit, who is
suspected of being an aocomplice of
Dalba.

RAILROADS FINED $123,000.

Officials Indicted for Alleged Conspiracy
Go Free and Are Exonerated.

CLevetanp, Ohio, March 23.—-When |
the indictments againer the ore hand- |
ling railroads and dock companies oper-
ating on Lake Erle were called be-
fore Judge Killets in the United States |
Court to-day the indictmente charg: |
ing Dan R. Hanna and R. L. Ireland
of M. A. Hanna & Co. and D. T. McCabe |
of the Pennsylvania Company with |
conspiracy to rebate were quashed and |
four railroads and four ore dock com-
panies were fined a total of $123,000.

Hanna, Ireland and MecCube were
freed from any imputation of intent
to break the law or to rebate in a letter
from Franklin K. Lane, Interstate
Commerce Commissioner, to Attorney-
General Wickersham, which was read
in court by District Attorney Denman.

The fines imposed were as follows:
The Pennsylvania Company, $20,000 for
rebating and $10,000 for conspiracy to
rebate; the Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern, $15,000 for rebating and $5,-
000 for conspiracy; the HKessemer and
Lake Erie Ralilroad, $20,000 for rebating
and $10,000 for conspiracy, the Nickel
Plat’, $3,000 for rebating; the Ohio and
Western Pennsylvania Dock Company,
$10,000 for conspiracy; the Unton Dock
Company, $7,000 for conspiracy; the
Ashtabula Dock Company, $6,000 for
conspiracy; the Pittsburg and Conneaut
Dock Company, $7,000 for conspiracy.

The fines were on a basis of $20,000
for each road and $20,000 dividedamong
the dock companies.

SHIP A DAY TO EUROPE.

Big Atlantic Companies Considering the
Feasibilty vf Daily Service.

 

|

 

 

+ “NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MARCH 24,

   

   

 

AOOSEVELT'S PLATFORM ..."0"™ 2%" °="_ ERIC DARLGREN SUE
FALLS ATMAINE MEETING, csmsesctcoss rm AS HIS WIFE SAILS

. partment saying that more than $9,000, 7 .
Colonel Comes Up Smiling and | was spent by the city last year in buying | Papers in Divorce Suit Served on
Him in Haste—No Time

| spring waters for municipal employees. |
Talks at Picture Machines, Mr. Prendergast asks if therg is any reason | ’
ito continue this expenditure. He says | to Typewrite.

that analytical examination of tne Croton | is
— al . . wa‘er hes shown that when it is properly | ,..,,,,, . _
REPEATS HIS N. Y. SPEECH | filtered it ia superior to the spring} WIFE MISS LUCY
waters, and he aske further if the Croton |
water is injurious to the population gen-
erally if there is any particular justifica- | His Father Admiral Dahigren— Married
| tion for making the population generally | in 1890, They Have Fight
! pay for better water for city employees. Children.

“It would seem,” says Mr. Prendergast, | ssiaiabs
referring to these bottled waters, which '
are in all the public depertments, “that | Mrs Lucy Drexel Dahlgren, secon d
of the stage collapsed, carrying down |there ia no more justification for ae | ee of the late Joseph Drexel, the
Col. Roosevelt, Chairman Foster and a/| purchase than there would be for the! Philadelphia banker, and niece of John R.
dozen others, just as the Colonel appeared | Purchase by the city of other varieties Drexel, filed in the Supreme Court here
to begin his speech before 3,000 persons | liquids for the use of its employees yesterday a suit for divorce from Eric
aes ggg i oes PHILIPPINE INDEPENDENCE. | Berard Dahlgren, former Stock Ex-

‘wenty-six arc lamps, whose heat aden | change member and son of Rear Admiral
made the hall almost unbearable, burned | qouse Will Pass the Jones Rill Making |John A. Dahlgren, one of the heroes of
all during the meeting to-night for the | the Islands Free in 1921 | the civil war. The suit was filed in such
benefit of the motion picture men. The) Waswincron, March 23. --Independence |haste that Olcott, Gruber, Bonynge &
cameras were focussed upon the Colonel |for the Philippines was practically as-|McManus, counsel for Mrs. Dahlgren,

Waters for City Employees. |

 

 

 

DREXEL

 

'

Gets a Cordial Greeting From Fair Size4 |
Crowds, but Rouses Little Enthusi-
asm With Attack on Taft.

PortLaNn, Me., March 23.- The centre

 

 

 

 

when the atage collapsed. pea co the ee gp so typewritten. It was one of the first com-
mitt tt .
Se ee Oe eee oo | plaints written in long hand to be {filed in

A second wreck of the flimsy tempo- | Ha iatat :
; |resentative Jones of Virginia establish- |

rary stage on which Col. Roosevelt spoke | ing an independent government in the | 4 divorce case here in a long time.
was barely averted at the conclusion of | islands. | A process server who had been seeking.
his speech. A number of enthusiasts, Representative Jones said he has been | Mr. Dahlgren at his home at 812 Madison
started to mount the stage to shake hands assured by the House leaders that this | avenue, near Sixty-eighth street, finally
with the ex-President and the stage began | bill, which follows the pledge in the last | managed to serve him yesterday forenoon
to sink. Policemen quickly surrounded | Democratic national platform, will re- | at Fifty-fourth stepet and Madison avenue,
the platform and held the crowd back. ceive consideration. He will attempt | while he was on his way to the University

Though he looked scared as he waa | to bring it before the Democratic caucus | Club, a block away. Mr. Dahlgren was at
suddenly thrown off hia feet Mr. Roose- | and make it a party measure. | the club when the complaint was filed
volt quickly regained his composure and; ‘The bill provides for a “qualified” in- | and was asked about it over the telephone
came up smiling, and the crowd cheered | dependence for the islands beginning in|} but refused to discuss it. Mrs. Dahl-
his reappearance. 1913. From that year until 1921 it would | gren's attorneys would only say that they

The stage was only two feet high and! give the President the veto power over | didn't wan't to have the complaint type- {
No one waa hurt. _ the acte of the Philippine Congress, mod- | written because “there was need for haste.”

The crowd surged forward. however, |elled after the American body. In 1921) Mra. Dahlgren and her oldest daughter,
and climbed upon chairs, demanding to the bill would assure absolute indepen- | Lucy, sailed for Europe at 10 A. M.
see the wrecked platform. Mr. Roosevelt | dence yesterday on the steamship George Washe
stood out in front and motioned the spec-| It is acknowledged that nothing will | ington.
tators back. He wasintheact of shaking come from the bill except that the Demo- | The complaint, which is brief, says that
hands with Bill Sewell, his old Maine | crats will show their disposition to make | the couple were married in New York
woods guide, when the accident occurred, good on a campaign promise. on December 11, 1890. It charged Mr.
nant oe . = ae was de-, -—__—_— _ Dahlgren with misconduct with a woman

ed ten minutes while the stage was unknown to the plaintiff at 54 East Fifty-
ae eee hg ae \ CUBAN NEGRO APPE APPEALS TO TAFT. joinih sireei ou Merch i3 lasi. The com-

rally oduced Mr. Roosevelt, who ,, g ; | i { t t couple have
showed the effect of his experience hy | Retonas, Wend of Black Party, Says tle eee shan Gea "heoe, on 20;
aquaver in his vuice. The typewritten | Life Is in Danger. | Madcleine, 19; Katharine, 18; Ulrica, 16;
copy of his speech shook slightly in nis Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux | Olga, 14; Erie, 11; Joseph, 9, and Eva, 8

Havana, March 28.—Gen — Estenoz, | a ok oat ds .

hand. | ’ : | years old.
As he launched into his speech he was | President of the Independent Colored | ‘The friends of Mr. and Mrs. Dahlgren

soon himself again and wen applause | Party, send a cable despatch to-day t have known for some time that there were
by shouting: President Taft asking for the protection | .o ious differences between them, and the |

“Our platform won't break down like | Of his life and the right to preach a politi- | casibility of a divorce suit has been hinted
this one!” cal doctrine of which he alleged the Cuban | 5 While Mr Dahlgren has been a mem-
This was the secoad time in ten yeara| Government had deprived him. Last yor of the University, New York Yacht
that the Portland people have seen Theo- night Estenozattempted to holda meeting | and Riding clubs the Metropolitan of
dore Roosevelt. In August, 1902, they in a private house in the town of Cruces | Washington and a number of others
gave President Roosevelt’ @ tremendous | The rurales entered the house and broke | Mrs, Dahlgren has shown no inclination
ovation. To-day they welcomes Col. | UP the meeting. to go much into society but has been

on ew as the only living ~. This was in accordance with ingtruc: | #0 t to her famity.
° ‘eslce

tions issued by the Government to Mayors | :
; Mrs. Dahigren is the daughter of Mrs.
When Col. Roosevelt arrived at the) throughout the island not to permit the Lucy Warton Drexel, was died on Jan- |
Union Station there were 2,000 persons | Hestoes to hold meetings uary 2iflast at her home in Philadelphia, |
to see him. Most of the crowd applauded Weare | leaving a fortune to herdaughters. Mrs. |
and perhaps a third waved their hats) REAL “M. N WITHOUT COUNTRY.” | Dahigren was married at her mother's
and cheered It was a wegcome, but not | ———- home in this city, 103 Madison avenue. |
a demonstration. _ | Martin Gajen, Barred by Russta, C:dered ‘The late Archbishop Corrigan performed
As his automobile ran slowly up Con- Deported to Australia. the ceremony, and the Count Pierre de
gress street and down Middle to the Fal- |

, : : , e i ; Chambrun was the best man. No mem- |
mouth Hotel the olitbe were lined, but WasHINGTON, March 23.—Martin Gajen, ' f the Dahl famil
‘i ; the “man without a country,” was ordered , bers of the Dahlgren family were present.
the people for the most part maintained | 4. orted to-day from the United States The bride was escorted by her uncle,
the same conservative attitude as did ce y ae

uv | to J : thic , ; Anthony J. Drexel. Mrs. Dahigren is al
the throng at the Union Station. eee ee rn Soe ten en | sister of Mrs. Harry Lehr, who was Eliza- |
Mr. Roosevelt got a taste of real cam- | Australia has refused to readmit him beth Drexel and whose first husband, John |
paigning this afternoon when he shook) . 4 Rpasia, of which Gajen claims to be | Vinton Dahlgren, a brother of the de-
handge with ey 5,000 persons. His | a native, has also refused to accept him fendant, died twelve years ago in Colorado |
good right arm which in the past hae! i, is held at San Francisco as an insane

 

 

 

Springs. The other sistera are Mrs. J.

1912.—copyrivis, 1912, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Svn
Lonpon, March 23
are talking of a daily service each way
| between New York and Europe as a pos-
sible outcome of the efforts of Albert

and, in fact, had to be carried to Hills-
ville in a buggy to testify when I was
onvicted and he is the same cripple
that that man Samuels had handcuffed
and I was charged with releasing a pris-

Shipping circles,

Ballin, Director-General of the Hamburg- |

withstood far greater tests was some-
what out of practice and the Colonel
finally had to call a halt.

All the way from Boston to-day he
made rear platform speeches and was
gree by cheering crowds at every

 

alien barred by the law from admission
‘Two days prior to his landing he is
alleged to have become “mentally incom-
petent.” Transportation companies have
refused to carry him, and agents of the

Duncan Emmet and Mrs. Charles Bing- |
ham Penrose. Mra. Dahigren is a cousin |
of Anthony J. Drexel, Jr.

Eric Dahlgren was gradiated from |
Harvard the year before his marriage |
and was a student in the Harvard law |

 

fair

   

72 PAGES.
COUNTESS OF WARWICK QUITS.

Sails for Home Hastily, Cancelling Lece
ture Engagements.

The Countess of Warwick, who arrived
here two weeks ago to lecture, cancelled
her engagements and sailed yesterday
for Southampton by the White Star liner

Olympie. She went up the gangplank |

veiled and the reporters were unaware
that she was aboard until they got the
final passenger list.

She declined to see them, but sent a
note from her stateroom saying that she
had been called back to England on
“urgent business” and that ste hoped to
return to the “States” soon. The audi-
ences that have greeted her have not
been large.

TOOK AMERICAN FOR A SPY.

Student From San Francisco Took Snap-
shots of German Artillery.
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

Berurin, March 23.—An American mu-
sical] student, A. W. Parent of San Fran-
cisco, was arrested yesterday near Pots-
dam charged with espionage. He was
taking photographs of the field artillery
which was carrying out practice mancwu-
vres with a new gun.

The authorities locked nim up and he

 

 

 

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Rain to-day and somewhat warmer; probably

to-morrow.

Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

BOMB THREAT 10
DE LANCEY NICOLL

Letter Reminding Him of
What Happened to Judge
Rosalsky.

DEMAND FOR $10,000

 

 

To Be Handed Over on His
Front Doorstep on
Saturday.

POLICE WATCH HOUSE

A Twenty-four Hour Vigil That
Resulted in Nothing

 

 

at All.

| was detained until his friends in this city | a
and the operators were turning the cranks | sured to-day so far as the House is con-| didn't take time to have the complaint] succeeded in convincing the officials shen |

he was innocent.

 

| CRANK,

POLICE SUPPOSE

COCAINE SELLER MURDERED. | attribute Letter to Man Who Threat

Man Caught Running Away Also Carried
the Drug.

Two policemen standing at Third
avenue and Eighteenth street at mid-
night last night heard a shot and at Seven-
teenth street saw a man running south.
He was throwing away small boxes from
his pockets. They arrested him. He said
he was getting rid of some cocaine.

A few feet away they found the body
of a man’ shot dead through the right
temple, The prisoner would not talk much.
He said the dead man was Michael Kane,
35 years old, of 238 East Fifteenth street,
and described himself as Emilio Maluchi
of 217 East Seventeenth street. He said
he did not know who had shot Kane and
denied doing the shooting himself.

The police believe that the murdered
man is the person against whom they have
had complaints that he had been selling
cocaine to boys and girls along Third
avenue. Cocaine wgs found in his pockets

WILL MARRY FATHER-IN-LAW.

Young Woman's Engagement to Late
Husband's Father Announced.

Boston, March 23.—The engagement

has been announced of Mrs. Katharine

 

 

M. Bryer, widow of Charles A. Bryer, |

and daughter of George C. Flett, chair-
man of the Belmont Selectment, to her

| father-in-law, Frank A. Bryer of Sand-

wich, N. H., whose wife died after the
son was killed in an automobile acci-
dent on~ March 29, 1910.

It is expected that me wedding will
take place in the coming summer.

TO BOOM THE “CITY RECORD.’’

Publication of All Burglaries, 24 a Day,
Contemplated by Waldo.

It is reported that Police Commissioner
Waldo has decided to try what publicity
can do toward reducing the number
of burglaries in the greater city. Accord-
ing to the report the Commissioner will
publish once a week in the City Record
a list of all the burglaries committed
during the week, hoping that thereby
residenta will be put on their guard.
It is said that if the weekly publication

 

lof the list seems to help things any the} clothes, others like clerks.

Commissioner may issue daily a list of the
burglaries committed during the previous
twenty-four hours together with the
names of the victims and the amounts
stolen.

ened Willie Collier and
Lauretta Taylor.

 

De Lancey Nicoll, who was counsel for
Mortimer L. Schiff in the later dévelop-
ments of the Brandt case, and took the
leading part in opposing the release of
Brandt from prison and in representing
Mr. Schiff at the hearing before Com-
missioner Hand, received a letter th ree
days ago demanding $10,000 by 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and _ threatening
his life with a bomb if he did not pay up.

The letter pointed out the experience
of a “certain well known citizen” (Judge
Rosalsky) who had recently received a
bomb and said that Mr. Nicoll would
have the same experience if he did not
follow out the instructions of the letter.
It outlined the method by which the
money was to be paid. A caller was to
visit the Nicoll house at 23 East Thirty-
ninth street some time before 5 o'clock
|r: Saturday, afternoon. No
questions were to be asked him and
‘the money was to be turned over to
him without any attempt to entrap the
caller. The letter wound up with the
| threat df the bomb,
| It was on a Saturday that the bomb
| that killed Grace Walker was delivered at
her flat. It was on Saturday, eight days
|ago, that Judge Rosalsky got the bomb
that_wrecked his library and injured an in-
spector of the Bureau of Combustibles.
| It is surmised that the author of the letter
| has observed this in the newspapersand
| chosen a day of the week on which bombs
| that meant business and were not pre-
ceded by the blackmailing demand were
received.
| The letter received by Mr. Nicoll was
iturned over by him to Commissioner
| Dougherty at Police Headquarters. The
| police were considerably worried and
{threw about the Nicoll house in East
| Thirty-ninth street a guard of detectives
| strong enough to capture a whole brigade
of bomb throwers. Men were sent in plain
| clothes from Headquarters and also from
the branch detective bureau at the Tender-
‘loin station. Some were dressed in rough
They hung
about the house for twenty-four hours
|on the watch for the promised caller.

Of course he did not come. The Nicoll
house was well lighted last night when
| a reporter called to see Mr. Nicoll. The

 

 

ner and he is the son of my only sister. Department are searching for the vessel

Ameriean Steamship Company to es- | stop. | Commissioner Waldo, it is said, believes | lawyer was out and his butler said that

| really didn’t think he would ever leave
some.”
In commenting on the writ served upon

tablish a community of interests between |
his line and the White Star, Cunard, |
North German Lloyd and French lines.

mets which brought him from Australia. When |%¢hool when he was married. In 1901)
The Taft men here kept close tab on | i¢ ig found he will be placed aboard as, he bought the Stock Exchange seat of |
the Colonel and it was reported to-night | the only disposition this Government can | John Grant Lyman, but sold the seat
se Veral years ago. He is etillin the broker-

him Floyd was much affected. He said
that tt was hard that a man who was con-
‘ned in jail charged with murder should
have to defend a $10,000 damage suit
pending his trial on so serious a charge.
Since being placed in jail here a week
ago Floyd has been visited by two minis-
ters of the Gospel, the Rev. T. Claggett
Skinner of the First Baptist Church being
the first person to see him. Dr. Skinner
visited him at his request. Later Floyd
earned that the Rey. Dr. Hurst, a Primi-
ve Baptist minister, who is now prac-
tising medicine here, was in the city. Dr,
Hurst engaged in the practice of his pro-
fession in his early life in Carroll county
1d there knew Floyd Allen and the other
members of the family. Floyd was much
moved when Dr. Hurst called on him,
lhe minister later told a friend that no
matter what Floyd Allen's outward ap-
rearance might be, his heart is tender.
The old man does little reading but fre-
‘ently turns to his Testament, which was
iven to him by one of thé ministers
several days ago.
While he is crushed and at times de-
pressed there are occasions when his old
spirit again asserts itself and hi#

Mr. Ballin was in England recently and
it is said that he proposed to the British

of the pooling system to saloon and
second class passengers, as well aa the
adoption of a sailing programme pro-
viding for the departure of a big modern
transatlantic liner every weekday from
both America and Europe and the with-
drawal of a number of the older vessels.

The latter are able to obtain passengers
only at cheap fares, and consequently
they are regarded as damaging the busi-
ness of the modern ships.

FANNY CROSBY 92 YEARS OLD.

Famous Hymn Writer Celebrates Birth-
day To-day.

BRiIpGEPoRT, Conn., March 23.—Ninety-
two years ago, in the little hamlet of South
East, Putnam county, New York, a girl
was born to John and Mercy Crosby.
To-morrow that girl, Fanny Crosby,
will celebrate her ninety-second birthday.

Though blind from her early childhood
she has an unbroken record of happiness.
Famed as the author of some of the most
beautiful hymns in the English language

and the writer of thousands of poems

eyes lighten, The attorneys for the defence, Pa the wr Soe aielante mecne
Nicdge i fillies, | she made her lo’ 8 n or
\. H. Hairston and R H, Willis, Sxtending her inner vision.

« gone to work on the case, Mr, Willis Unimpaired in body or spirit, Miss

Crosby to-day conversed with all the ani-
mation of a girl and the wisdom and in-
sight of maturity.

*j am younger than ever,” was her firat |
laughing expression when reminded of |
the approach of her birthday.

“Life with me is different,” said Mise
Crosby. “I never fret, never worry, never
think disagreeable thoughts nor find |
fault with any one or anything. Life
glides on like a little boat on a waveless
atream, with beautiful flowers on each
side. I have had sorrows, I have lost dear
friends and felt depressed, but it is my

ng gone to Hillsville yesterday.
‘ze Hairston will follow on Monday.
will spend much time in Carroll
ity gathering evidence by which they
hope tosave their clients, Floyd and Victor
\!len and Byrd Marion,
viLte, Va., March 28,—Sidna Ed-
nephew of Sidna Allen captured
lerday by Detective Lee Feltz and
‘ \W. Thaut, near Lampsburg, a small
intuin town, has been put through

“third gree.”
a aes : ai Terenas Se firm belief that the Lord never afflicts
& doxen husky His children; that is the work of the evil
sat with t he young outlaw,

lines a scheme involving the extension |

to Maine next week to attempt to counter-
act the possible effect of Roosevelt's
visit on the State convention to be held
April 10.

C41. Roosevelt in his speech here to-

 

ni ht spent most of his time hammering

at the same points that he tried to drive
home in his speech at Carnegie Hall in
New York last Wednesday.
again against representative government
and in favor of his \cheme to allow the

people the right to tell what they think

of Constitutional law.
“When the people have secured through
the Legislature some law in the interest

of getting better air or purer food or

shorter hours of labor for women or
children of workingmen,” he said, “to

the end that health shall be preserved or

life prolonged, and then are told that the
law is prohibited by some abstract letter
of the Constitution, they should then have
the right to say what the abstract letter
of the Constituiton is to be construed as
meaning. What the people have onoe
established they may rightfully change.”

He went again for Mr. Taft's paraphrase
of Lincoln's “A government of the people,
for the people and by the people.”

“Of course everybody, whether a be-
liever in despotism or in democracy, agrees

He spoke

that the President may be asked to come | make of him.

 

{

|GAS KILLS 6; 8 MORE MAY DIE.

| Inmates of Infirmary Dormitory Over-
come in the N'eht.

| Norwatk, Ohio, March 22 — Six inmates
of the Huron county infirmary are dead
and eight are in a precarious condition
through gas which invaded the men'a
{dormitory during last night. It is be
| lieved that the eight survivors will die.
| The dead are Frank Yeagley, 73, Nor-
walk; Gideon Romig, 85, Bellevue; William
Starbard, 53, Norwalk; William Carroll,
|69, Monroeville; William Lutz, 70, Belle-
vue, and James Connors, 71, Chicago Junc-
| Woe
| Those overcome are Philip Neumaker,
| Norwalk; Dean Stevens, Norwalk; James
horpe, Norwalk; William Feagher, Chi-
cago Junction; Allen Minzey, Bellevue;
George Meagher, Norwalk; Thomas
Adame, Norwalk, and Joseph Send, Belle-
vue.
When Frank Martin, inspector for the
Logan Gas Company, examined the
building at noon he found that the damper

 

 

in the smokestack had been left cloged| Accusers

} over night and demonstrated that this

 

age business.

He and his wife have had
summer homes at Lawrence, L. [., and
in the Berkshires.

Mrs. Dahlgren plays the organ and harp

‘and is one of the most accomplished
‘ amateur musicians in the city.

|
!

Several years ago Miss Corinne Rogers
brought suit against Mr, Dahlgren for
$25,000 for slander. She said that at a
dinner at the Hotel Belmont on November
24, 1907, Dahigren had accused her of !
stealing his tie pin, worth $5,000. John!

that if the fact that the average of bur-

holders by. way of the City Record it would
tend to jog them into taking additional
precautions, and it might influence the
crooks to seek safer fields of operation.

BOY KILLED BY DOCTOR'S AUTO.

Ran in Front of Machine and His Skull
Was Fractured.

The automobile of Dr. Wiillam C.

Steen, of 303 St. Ann's avenue, The

 

 

Bronx last night ran over and killed |

1H. Cahill, who was at the dinner, said; Max Welselthier, six years old, whose

|

that Mr. Dahigren merely said he had lost ‘
his pin and didn't accuse any one, The
next day a maid in the Dahigren house
found the pin in the crib of the youngest
Dahlgren child. Mr. Dahlgren had bent
over to kiss the child the night of the din-
ner and had dropped the pin. When the
case was called for trial a year ago Miss
Rogers did not appear and the complaint
was dismissed. ,

MRS. GRACE IN

 

|

 

On H er Way Back to Atlanta to Face Her |
*} Am Innocent,” She Satd.
Mrs, Eugene

 

Wasnincton, March 23.

had caused the deaths by filling the room! H, Grace, out on $7,500 bail an¢ charged

that there must be a government of the | * , ‘
people,” said Col, Roosevelt, “In the next in which the men slept with the fumes| py the Atlanta authorities with the |
place, even the ruling classes in a despot- | ° f burned gas. shooting of her husband, spent sev- |

When John Peck, one of the infirmary

|
|

eral hours in Washington this afternoon

| govern with a representative part of the

ism always publicly state that their gov- | et
ernment is for the people. But if you | employees, reached the building about) en route back to Atlanta from a visit
5:30 A. M. he found Connors lying dead | with her blind son in Philadelphia, With |
people there will be nefarious alliances,” | 8° the foot of the stairs. He evidently | per counsel, Attorney Branch, she suc- |
declared the Colonel, “between the money | nad tien to escape from the gas and had | gegstully avoided newspaper men by!
ower and the bosses.” ° st ing under an assumed name at one |
’ In the latter list he nailed down “the Peck ran back and got Superintendent | te ‘smaller hotels and did not ate |
chief present adherents of the President, Alfred G@. Bedford. Together they me! pear at the Union Station to take the
gentlemen like Senator Penrose, Senator tered the dormitory and found every one) 10:45 train until it was on the point
palling? Mr. Bares, ~ McKinley, Mr. oe ee men either dead or Uns | of pulling out. Mrs. Grace was in ex-
awney an eir associates. . ‘elle ; t inter-

He Deed up bie speech with 1,000 Bedford called Coroner Crecilius, who | cellent spirits and smiled at her inter

 

 

home is at 545 Kast 139th street.

[little fellow was running across St,
Ann's avenue at 139th street. Dr, Steen
was returning from a sick call and
was driving the machine. The boy

darted out before he could see him.
The doctor picked the boy up from
beneath the machine and putting him in
the tonneau, rushed him to Lincoln Hos-
pital, where he died shortly afterward.
His skull was fractured. Dr. Steen

WASHINGTON. | sald that it had been purely an accident

and he was not arrested.

CAN’T USE VOTING MACHINES.

Not Big Enough to Take in Chicago's
Primary Ballot.

Cutcaco, IL, March 28.—Voting ma-
chines for which ‘the election commis-
sioners put the city in debt nearly $1,-
000,000, will not be used in the primar-
jes of April 9.

The commissioners to-day let con-
tracts for paper ballots to the amount
of $9,000 which will be necessary on
primary day because the machines are
too small to hold the large ticket.

17 DAYS IN STRAWSTACK.

 

 

The |

 

ng by threats and promises to
from his Hps the whole story of
‘urt reom tragedy and for some
iv as to the whereabouts of his
in the hills, But Edwards,
the Allen blood, withstood all,
know nothing about the other
‘ he asserted, “I haven't been
them; I didn't have anything to
'h the shooting. I ran only be-

}
K

one.

“If in the whole world you can find
a happier morta! than I am, bring him
to me, I want to shake his hand.”

Miss Crosby is opposed to woman
suffrage. She declared that she never

asses a night without uttering a prayer
for Rieheson, the Boston minister who
has confessed to the murder of Avis

Linnell. Miss Crosby says that she fully |

realizes the enormity of his crime and
does not attempt to condone it.
Misa Crosby said concerning the woman

words on the plight of the farmer and how postponed any immediate inquiry while
the Government has neglected him, | he worked to save the victims.

He advised cooperation, the effect of which | No attendant stayed in the dormitory
would be more profits to the farmer and | OVer night, for the men lodged there,
| less expenditure by the consumer. | although most of them were Very old,
ecsuietbsanunies auenigeneiinainioa | were in good health. All seemed as well

} Judgment Against Nikola Tesla. | as usual when they went to bed last night.

| Westinghouse, Church, Kerr & Co

 

dine!

tained a judgment in the Supreme Court| Allen Punished for Insulting the Flag. | will tell the whole miserable story on} the straw.

| yesterday against Nikola Tesla, the inven- |

|

|
viewers, |

“T am going back to Atlanta cheer- Manitoba Man's Feet Freeze and He
fully,” said Mrs, Grace. “I am_ not Lives on Oats and Straw.
afraid to face my accusers, My con-| Tispaur, Manitoba, March 23,—John

science is clear because I am innocent ! Wanamaker, who is in a Prince Albert
and I know I shall be acquitted. When | hospital, lived for seventeen days in a
the case Is called to trial—tf it really ; hole he had dug in a strawstack on the

\is called—the public will learn that, open prairie with nothing to eat except

there {fs another woman in the case. Ij the oats he managed to garner from

He quenched his thirat with

 

 

he would not be home until late. The but-

| glaries committed in the city is one every ler said he knew nothing of a threatening
| hour were to be brought home to house- | letter or of police protection,

| Mr. and Mrs. Nicoll were at the St.
| Senne Hotel, Philadelphia, where Miss
| Josephine Nicoll is convalescing from
| pneumonia. Mr. Nicoll had gone to bed
| when an attempt was made to ask hin
| about the letter.

| Inspector Hughes had nothing to say
about the threatening letter. Acting
| Captain Cooney of the Tenderloin detec-
/tive bureau and Capt. McEtroy of the
| Tenderloin station would not tell anything
about ‘it.

Police Commissioner Dougherty is in-
clined to think that Mr, Nicoll's letter
comes from a crank, the same very pos-
|sibly who on March 19 sent threatening
{letters to Willie Collier and Laurette
Taylor. These letters both referred to
the Grace Walker bomb case and the
bomb that was sent to Judge Rosalsky.
The night before the arrival of these
| letters the police were guarding Paul
| Orleneff, the Russian actor, who also
had reported getting a threatening letter.
| All the letters bore local postmarks.

ONE CENT DAMAGES.

| Plaintiff Wanted $15,000, but Will Collect
| the Cent Anyway.

| A jury before Supreme Court Justice
| Gavegan returned a verdict for one cent
| yesterday in a suit of Alfred W. Duckett
against Charles F. Hofferbergh for $15,000,
The defendant caused Duckett's arrest
n 1909 on a charge of stealing $15,000
and had him held for the Grand Jury,
which refused to indict. After the jury
|reported yesterday the plaintiff sait
he would take out an execution for ihe
cent immediately.

KNEW HE WAS NO CHICKEN.

Young Woman Who Married Man of 76
Says She Was Decelved as to His Age.

Supreme Court Justice Newburger re-
fused yesterday to annul the marriage of
May Weil to Solomon Weil, in which the
plaintiff said she was deceived as to tie
defendant's age. The couple were marrled
in 1906, when Mrs, Weil was 25 years olf
and Her husband was 76 They lived at
19 West Eightv-fifth street for a time, but
Weil left his wife and she hasn't seen hit
for several years No defence to tho suit
' was offered

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

}

| heard that the detectives had | suffrage movement; “It is not woman's! tor, for $16,081, on a note exec Felix Adolfo, the Italian who was arrested | the witness stand. [am certain that | the snow. The court said that the plaintiff’ must

; ted in 1907. | :

w shoot an Allen on sight. They r ', . 8 | for trampling, spitting on and setting fire: when this affair has passed over my | He left Prince Albert to tramp to} ; ; me

: . sphere, not one bit. When a woman| The defence was that the note was gi | when y f J have known that ber husband was oe)
because my Injured foot kept i. married all her devotion and energy | for machinery furnished to Tesla ey teat | °2 an American fing at a socialist gathering | husband will show that his love for | Crooked River, and arriving near ‘Tins- j 70 when she married him and that she t»

travelling fast and because | for her home and children. in Greenpoint on Mareh 10, has heen con-

 

are and 1902 for experimental purposes . . » Is t reat ever,” dale without money crept into a straw- | , 1 of forth euso!
® a gun,” A woman in politics cannot attend her | that it was only Pie nald ou af tie money | yicted in the Court of Special Sessions in | '" te just as great as ee ne : - = “ ‘e len titled to no relief for that reason
family and for an unmarried woman| obtained from the promotion of a company | Hrooklyn and sentenced to thirty days in pclersie 55 pas tie Be Bek aa eee eee

become active in manufacture Tesla's 850.00 TO CALIFORNIA, | ing his feet were frozen so that he could | giorida, the Carolinas, Atlanta, Birmingham

DPWPY'S PORT WINE W OLIVE on.
ths

y « * Sondertul Flesh and ree
Fultoa N.Y.

4, #eLy & SONS CO.,1

politios makes her | '°
ve seen examples |

id that th hi inyentions, He) prison and 1¢ pay MMe sito has been in | ra Al T
that the machinery wasn't suitable extreme penalty olfo has n in| Oregon, Washington, Montana, Idaho, Nevada, s lor service via Seaboard Alr Line's e.eotris
5 aul abt | ike reg ign. Soe me, ie ir v not proceed and he was forced to remain shin

V4, pierpese apyhow and S Pye Bt i Ad 9 but hae not taken Erle Rallruad. oadway. in the stack. ie ted steel trains. lug, 1184 B'way. Phone G4!

to
t and masculine. I
Ade,
i ‘ .