SS —————

FARL OF YARMOUTH
A MARGUIS AND PEER

hepudiated Husband of Alice Thaw
Succeeds to Hertford
Title.

 

GETS

 

  

|
|

|

Pittsburg on Apri 27, 1903. This mar-
riage was annulled by the English courts
on February 5, 1908. The grounds of the
judgment were nevér revealed, the case
being tried in camera. It was said that
no financial settlement was made by
which Yarmouth benefited. His former
wife returned to this country and took the
name of Mrs, Copley Thaw. She now
lives in Pittaburg. “Yarmouth recently
made an attempt to return to the stage in
the English provinces in an adaptation of
his own called “The Pigeon House.”

He now comes into estates aggregatin
12,500 acres, chiefly in Irelands fe wi

have a seat in the House of Lords, a fine

HOUSES AND LANDS town house and the family seat, ley

fall, Alcester, Warwickshire, England.

 

Hivtiresque Episodes in Family History| GEN. H. H. BINGHAM DEAD.

Original of Thackeray's Mar-
quis of Steyne,

Spec

Cable Despatch to Tae Ses.
Losvonx, March 23.--The
iertford died here to-day.
on failing for some time. His son, the
| of Yarmouth, who was for a time the
band of Alice Thaw of Pittsburg,
succeeds him

Hugh De Grey Seymour, sixth Marquis

of Hertford and Baron Conway, was

rn at Dublin October 22, 1843. He
was educated at Sandhurst. His parlia-
mentary career extended from 1869 to

isso From 1879 to 1880 he was Comp-
ler of the Royal Hbusehold. He also
wis A. D.C. to the King
whom he married in 1868, was the Hon-
ravle Mary Hood, daughter of the first
ount Bridport. She died in 1909,
late Marquis sueceeded his father,
fifth Maerquis, in 1884.
| haridom of Hertford dates back
to about 1188, with the creation of Gil-
( de Clare as Karl of Hertford. But
the Otle became extinet in 1660 and was
‘ vived in 1750, when Francis Sey-
mour Conway, the second Baron Conway
t who was also Baron Conway
ch inthe Lrish peerage, a direct
ndant of the Lord Protector, waa
eited Barl of Hertford. The title was
raised to a Marquisate in 1793.
the third Marquis, Francis Charles,
intimate friend of the Prince
afterwards George IV., and is
regirded as the original of Thackeray's
farnous character the Marquis of Steyne
in “Vanity Fair.” He is also said to have
served as model for Lord Monmouth in
i ls “Coningsby.” He was born
i777 iu the town residence of his father
on the north side of Manchester Square,
one of the gayest houses of London, often
nentioned in Moore's satirical poems.
When the third Marquis was only 20
years old and before he had succeeded
to the Marquisate, being known as the

 

rey

   
  

wus an

Regent

 

karl of Yarmouth, he was married to
Marie Emilie Fagniani, daughter of the
wife of an Italian Marquis. The Mar-
quesa had left England, surrendering

her daughter to die care of George Seiwyn,
vio died in 1791, leaving £30,000 to his
ward and making the Duke of Queensberry
is residuary legatee, The latter, dying
i 1810, left Marie, who by thet time had
become Lady Hertford, some £490,000,
Lord and Lady Hertford chanced to
le in Paris when war was resumed after
the peace of Amiens. Napoleon sent
Lord Hertford to the fortress of Verdun,
tlieng wit) many other Fnglishmen.
Tiere he remained for three years. while
- » was kept in Paris. After his im-
isontnent he entered upon the career
i) : Won him a questionable immor-
tauiy in the pages of the Thackeray novel
One the incidents of this period of his

cue Was his association and t @ asso-
Clation of his wife, the marchioness, with
Marshal Junot, Duc d'Abrantes, and the
latier’s wife, the farnous Duchesse of the

Napoleonic memoirs. “The four, aceord-
ing to the gossip of the day, formed a
partie carrée, the circumstances of which
were the subject of much scandalous talk
in the earlier part of the last century.
Theckeray himself drew a plate for the
edition of “Vanity Fair’ in which
the portrait of the Marquis of Steyne
was little else than a caricature of the
tarl of Heriford. This plate was sup-
pressed. One version had it that Thack-
withdrew it because of the fear of
prosecution for libel. The first edition
t the hook, however, did not appear
ntl five years after the Marquis of
Hertford’s death in 1842, so it is more
likely that Thackeray withdrew it to save
the pain it might cause to the living mem-
hers of the late Marquis's fainily It was
printed ina few editions after the author's
death, but was not used in the final edi-
tion of his works prepared under the

editorship of his daughter
}

first

 

 

much for the third Marquis. The
fourth, Riehard, his son, and a brother
t Lord Henry Seymour, who founded

the Jockey Club in Paris, spent most of
his time on the Continent, particularly
' tis Paris house. He was famed as a
tron of the arts, and was a

lector of art works spending many
vishly in gathering the best he could
tod. In this work he was assisted by

luchard Wallaee, later Sir Richard Wal-
\ whose connection with the Hertford
fonivy never was made clear, but whom
- proclaimed an illegitimate son of
e third Marquis
Phis fourth marquis built a'great house
cadilly, but he never lived in it
at times said that he absented
to spite the paris authorities,
lus continued absence they lost
whieh
an occupied house

  

 

 

 

thself
e by

Tales

ed the vast Lrish estates from which | the

drew most of his income until Sir
rt Peel, knowing thai the Earl was
porocularly desirous of obtaining the
‘lue ribbon of The Garier, suggested
hat such a ribbon could searcely be
mmended for one who never visited
country whetice came his wealth.
hart thereupon paid a brief visit to
ind, prayed that it might be his last

‘ Never returned there

| Affectionately

 

|
|

His wife, |

pe nm

 

tireless |

 

would have been due | sears
He had never | When in Harvard he was the star pitcher of

 

 

 

| The head offices of that concern were in

 

 

Known In Congress as
“The Father of the House."

PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 23.—Gen.
Hlenry H. Bingham, representative in Con-

Marquis of | ress from the First Pennsylvania dis-
He had |

trict, died at his home, 315 South Twelfth
street, early to-day. He had been fil
for some time with a complication of
heart and kidney diseases and yesterday
his physicians abandoned hope for his -re-
covery.

Gen, Bingham was known in Washing-
ton, where his long service earned him
the name “Father of the House.”

Gen. Henry Harrison Bingham repre-
sented the First Pennsylvania district in
the House of Representatives for thirty-
three ‘years, the longest eontinuous ser
Vice of any member of the present House.
He was a member of every Congress from
the forty-sixth to the sixty-second,

He was born in Philadelphia on De-
cember 4, 1841, and was a son of James
and Ann Sheller Bingham. He was grad-
uated from Jefferson College in 1862, got
an A. M. degree there in 1866 and was
made an LL. D. by Washington an
Jefferson College in 1906. He stopped
studying law in 1862 to enter the Union
army as a lieutenant in the 140th Penn-
sylvania volunteers. He was wounded
at Gettysburg, Spottsyivania and Farm-
ville, Va. He was brevetted for dis-
tinguished gallantry as major, leuten-
ant colonel, colonel and brifadier general
and received in 1893 a special medal for
special gallantry in the battle of the Wil-
derness. He was mustered out in 1866
and resumed reading law with Attorney
General Benjamin H, Brewster.

He was appointed postmaster of Phila-
delphia in 1867 and resigned in 1872 to
become clerk of courts of Oyer and Ter-
miner and Quarter Sessions at Philadel-
phia, in 1879 he was elected to Con-
gress,

Gen. Bingham was delegate at large to the
Republican natlonalconvention of 1872 and
Was delegate to all the subsequent na-
tional conventions up to 1904, His popu-
larity in his Congress district, comprising
six wards of Philadelphia, was indicated
by the 28,054 votes that he got when he
was reelected for the last time, against
8,827 for the Keystone candidate and
2,657 for the candidate of the Democrats,

Gen. Bingham was never married. His
home in Philadelphia was at 313 South
Twelfth street.

HUGH NESBITT HARTWELL.

Pioneer Coal Merchant of New Jersey
Dies in Hotel Albert.

Hugh Nesbitt Hartwell, one of the pioneer
coal men of New Jersey, died in the Hotel
Albert, University place and Eleventh
street, last evening of pneumonia. He was
60 vears old,

Mr. Hartwell was one of the few survivors
of what is known as the “old guard” of the
wholesale coal trade. When a young man
he became connected with the: Elisha A;
Packer Company, coal merchauts in this
city. In 1896 he founded the H. N. Hart-
well & Son concern, with offices at 1 Broad-
way, with his eldest son, Swan Hartwell.

 

Boston, Maas.

He was born in Somerville, N. J., where
his home was at the time of his death. He
is survived by his wife, Mary Davenport
Hartwell, and two daughters, Mrs. Joseph
4+. Carter and Mrs. Rupert B. Sprague of
New York, The funeral will probably be
held from the home of Mrs. Carter in Eliza-
beth, N.«

OBITUARY.
Gen, Henry Harrison Walker.

MORRISTOWN, N. J., March 23.—Gen
Henry Harrison Walker dled at his home,
131 South street, last night following an fll-
nexs of two days of heart trouble. He was
7% years old. He was a grandnephew of
President Willlam Henry Harrison. He was
born in Virginia. In 1853 he was graduated
from the West Point Milltary Academy. He
was stationed in California when the cfvil
war began and h resigned and was made
a Captain and later a Brigagdier-General in
the Confederate army. He was with Gen.
Lee until the surrender at Appomattox.
After the war he went to New York city,
where he Was engaged in the manufacture
of railroad supplies. He retired ten years
ago Gen. Walker lived here for ‘thirty
years His wife and four children, Mra.
George C. KR. Harrison, Miss Louise C.
Walker, Farrison Walker, Jr, and H. W.
Walker, survive him,

Nathaniel 8S, Smith.

Nathaniel 8. Smith, referee in bankruptcy
for many years, {# dead at his home at 495
West End avenue. He died on Friday night
of pneumonia after an Iiliness of less than a
week, He was born in Westfield; Mass, on
July 4, 1847. When ten years old he moved
with his parents to Kingston, N. Y. He at-
tended the Kingston Academy and went to
Harvard, graduating with the class of ‘69.
He came to New York In 1870 and practised
law in the office of Judge Nelson. Several
years later he opened an office of his own.
He had been a referee in bankruptcy for ten
He was much interested In athletics,

 

baseball team and was the pitcher of

the first college nine to make a tour of the

States. He was a member of the Bar Asso-
clation, the Harvard, University, Lawyere
and Anawanda clubs. He will be buried

Monday in the family plot in Kingston, N. Y.

Marion Josephine Browne.
YONKERS, March 3,—Miss Marion Jo-
sephine Browne, a writer of fiction for
young people under the pen name of Marian

He died unmarried in Paris in 1870 and Brunowe, died last night at the home of her

‘les and the entailed estates, with

An income of £20,000 a year, passed to his
iin, Francis Hugh George Seymour,

i cescendant of the first marquis. How-
le left his own vast personal wealth
his ar! treasures to Sir Richard Wal-
° sir Richard's widow, who died in
. bequeathed the collections to the
Qioeon ‘They are now in Hertford House,
hue former London residence of the family.
igh ce Grey Seymour, son of the
Marquis, who succeeded bis father
‘ho died yesterday, was one of. the
opularo men in England, Like his

rand Sir Richard Wallace, he was
sally or ted, From his sehool

ion he was a favorite with his

8 110
last tidings to reach this country
™ barl of Yarmouth, who now be-
head of the house and seventh
iui were to the effect that he waa
very obscure quarters to escape
ltention of his creditors. He ap-
‘doon the stage in Australia some
'y yeurs ago us a danger and came
country a year or two laterand
eh in society in New York and at
't. Ile then appeared on the stage
fer the management of Charles Froh-
' the Madison Square Theatre
‘er appeared with Elsie De Wolfe.
‘ake haine Was Eric Hope, Later
ered vaudeville,

art Was reputed to be fortune hunt-
‘hen he came to America, Miss
4 Green, daughter of Mrs, Hetty
1 Mrs. John Vinton Dahlgren and
abeth Burd Thaw were amon

sts Whose hands it was report
Sas Wn SioUs to win, He made
iMantance of Harry Thaw, but it
TOAUY against the wishes and protes-
' the latter that the Earl courted
“ister, Alice Cornelia Thaw, whom
ily married, against the combined
‘on Of her family,at Christ Chureh,

be hae
| i

bp

|

father, Dr. Valentine Browne, a member of
the Board of Education, Miss Browne, who
was 41 years old, had been fll since last Oc-
tober, She was born in New York and edu-
cated at Academy Mount &t. Vincent. Her
book, “A Famous Convent,” was a history
of her alma mater, The best known of her
dozen or more of books was “The Sealed
Packet.’ She contributed articles to many
periodicals, She was prominent in charitable
work in Yonkers,

Cieorge H,. Thomas.

George H, Thomas, an employee of the
Pennsylvania Railroad for thirty-seven years,
dled of liver trouble on Friday night at his
home, 55 Boyd avenue, Jersey City, in his
siaty-third year He was railroad station
master at the West Twenty-third street ferry
house, Manhattan, from the day the ferry
was established until it was abandoned.
After the opening of the Pennsylvania Rail-
roud station at Thirty-third street he was
transferred to the Desbrosses street ferry
house In the sume capacity. He worked his
way up from u passenger train conductor,
Mr, Thomas leaves one daughter and four
sons.

Major William E, Goodman,

Major William Ernest Goodman, one of
six brothers who served in the elvil war,
died at his home in Philadelphia on Mriday,
He was brevetted major in 1866 for gal-
lantry in Georgia and the Carolinas and re-
celved a medal from Congress for rescuing
the colors of the 107th Ohio Volunteers from
the Confederates at the battle of Chancel-
loraville, in which battle he was wounded.
Major Goodman was born in Philadelphia
and was graduated from the Central High
School in 1869, His five brothere, who en-
listed with him in 1861, were John R, Kad-
ward H., Col, Samuel, Dr. H, Ernest and
Lieut, Joseph BE. Goodman.

‘siathp Avalicins.
Marks Arnheim, who had been ii! for sev-

 

THE SUN,

 

 

 

eral months, died on Friday at his home, 21
Bast Fifty-seventh street. He was born in
Berlin on November 4, 1849, and he came to
this country with his parents when he was
three years old. He was educated in the
public schools and was employed as an office
boy by Bloodgood & Co,, bookbinders at 49
Beekman street. Then he went Into the
clothing business with his elder brother. The
business prospered and he became rich. Mr.
Arnheim was an advocate of the open shop.

 

Chartes John Prince.

BOSTON, Marah 23.—Charles John Prince
died to-day at his residence in Common-
wealth avenue of cerebral hemorrhage. He
came of distinguished ancestry, was a de-
scendant of Gov. Winthrop of Massachusetts
and of Roger Williams of the Rhode Island
Plantations, Mr. Prince was connected with
the merchandise brokerage business, dealing
in naval stores, Because of his health and
his travels he resigned some time ago from
various prominent clubs to which he had be-
longed.

 

Henry Fleod,

Henry Flood, a civil war veteran and for
sixteen years Janitor of the Manhattan ave-
nue police court, Williamsburg, deld yester-
day at his home, 116 Powers street, in hia
sixty-seventh year, He was born in Albany.
He served throughout the civil war with
the 1884 New York Volunteers, Half an
hour before his death he attended to his
duties in the court house. Shortly after
reaching his home at breakfast time he was
stricken and he died before a doctor arrived.
He ta survived by @ son and two daughters.

 

Thomas Meagher Durkin.

BALTIMORE, M4, March 23.—Thomas
Meagher Durkin, 40 yeara of age, a New
York lawyer, died to-day at the home of his
mother-in-law, Mra, Anne Reilly, at Mount
Washington. Mr. Durkin had come to spend
a few days with Mrs. Reilly when he was
stricken with Bright's disease. He was a
member of the Lawyers Club of New York
and of the Knights of Columbus. Besides
his wife, a sister, Mra. Frederick Towne
of Little Falls, N. ¥., survives.

a

 

Lieutenant-Commander Shepard.

WASHINGTON, March 23.—The Navy De-
partment was notified to-day of the death of
Lieutenant-Commander Francis M. Shepard,
U. 8. N., retired, at Pensacola, Fla. Mr.
Shepard was born in Missourt in 1846 and
entered the Naval Academy in 1861. During
the civil war he served on the U. 8. 8.
America, and by reason of physical disability
incident to this service he was retired in the
master’s grade in 1868. Since then he had
been advanced to the grade of Heutenant-
commander on the retired list. During the

Spanish war he served at the Pensacola navy
yard.

 

Albert Lee Hanscom.
Albert Lee Hanscom, elder son of the late
Deputy Collector Albert Hanscom of Boston

connected with the silk importing house of
Passavant & Co. and an incorporator and
director of the New York Plate Glass Insur-
ance Company, died suddenly on Friday
night of acute indigestion at his residence,
249 West 127th street. His wife and two
daughters survive him.

 

Harlem G. Chamberlin.

FLEMING, N. J... March 23.—Former
Prosecutor Harlem G. Chamberlin died at
his home here this afternoon of a complica-
tion of diseases, aged 60 years. He was
appointed Prosecutor for Hunterdon county
by Gov. Leon Abbott In 1891 and by Gov.
Wilson in 1911. He resigned the office sev-
eral weeks ago because of ill health. He
was prominent In Democratic politics in
Hunterdon county.

 

, John T. Davies.
John T. Davies, formerly a partner in the
; ary goods firm of Butler, Broome & Clapp,
on Friday at Dr. Pilcher’s sanitarium
in Brooklyn. His home was at 62 Downing
street. He was born in Wales seventy-five
years ago.
St. David Society of New York and was its
president for several years. His wife sur-
vives him.

EE SS —

   
   

Dr. Frank Linsly Ives.

Dr. Frank Linsty Ives, a specialist in dis-
eases of the throat, died on Friday at his
home, 117 East Thirtieth street, at the age
of 63, At one time he was on the staff of
the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. He
was born in Stratford, Conn. He is sur-
vived by two daughters and a son.

 

The Rev. J. M. Crandall.

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., March 23.--The
Rev. J. M. Crandall, father of the Rev. Dr.
Latham A. Crandall, the most noted Baptist
minister in Minneapolis, died at his home
here to-day. He was 89 years old and had
been preaching for more than half a cen-
tury

 

Gustave A. Beyer.

Gustave A. Beyer, head of the manual
training department of the Union Hill, N,
J., public schools, died on Thursday at his
home, 447 Seventeenth street, West New
York, N. J., at the age of 67.

 

 

Edsthe P. Jones to Wed Henry Parsons.

Announcement was made yesterday of
the engagement of Miss Edythe P. Jones,
daughter of Frederick W. Jones of this
city and Baltimore, to Henry Parsons of
Hastings, England. Mitss Jones will leave
for England with her sister, Mrs. Henry
Cc, Hopkins of this city, toward the end of
the month and the marriage will take
place in England.

 

 

Melba to Sing Here.

Mme. Melba will return to this country
to make a concert tour under the manage-
ment of Charles Ellis. She was in this
country last two years ago. She will begin
her tour in January. :

 

 

He leaves a widow, two daughters and a son, |

and New York and for over thirty years |

He was the oldest member of |

SUNDAY, MARCH °

jo -neeeneeantae

     

 

 

‘DON'T PLAY THE BEST
ORCHESTRAL MUSIC

|

| Henry Holt Writes Disapproval of

the Philharmonic’s Pro-
grammes.

 

 

TOOMUCH BEETHOVEN GIVEN

 

Objects Also to Plano Concertos on the
Ground That Such Are Not
Appropriate.

 

Henry Holt has written a letter to Lous
don Chariton saying that he does not
intend to subscribe to a box for the con-
certa of the Philharmonic Society. Mr.
Holt has not been a boxholder in the
present season nor was he last year. He
sent to Mr. Chariton for some programmes.
On the strength of these he has written
to the Philharmonic Society's manager
to say that he does not consider the ar-

rangmeent of the programmes sufficiently
attractive to make him desire tosubscribe.
| The chief objection that Mr. Holt
urges against the programmes made by
i Josef Straneky for the society is the
preponderance of Beethoven, the per-
formance of works by other classic com-
posers whose style is not suited to the
resources of a modern orchestra and the
introduction of piano concertos on the
programmes, which Mr. Hole dislikes on
the ground that the piano does not blend
with the orchestra.
Mr. Holt says in part:

| 1 presume that we will agree that the
function of a great orchestra is to play
great orchestral music. The reason that
1 gave up my Philharmonic box was that
the orchestra did not fulfil ite function.
During virtually every one of these fourteen
concerts there were numbers, usually more
than one, when a large proportion sat idle
or went out, while the rest of it was either
| playing a concerto with a piano (itself
a crime, for the two kinds of sound can
pa. go agreeably together) or playing
| gome other form of music not written for
}a great orchestra, Out of the fourteen
programmes there are concertos—prin-
| cipally for plano—on six. Where the classic
| composers put an orchestra with a piano
| the piano was not the instrument of to-day,
| and blended better than it does with the
| other instruments; but some modern com-
posera, with the mistaken precedent of the
jearly masters and under the influence
‘of the piano makers and virtuosos, have
continued the evil practice.
| As above intimated, the Philharmonic
| gives much music which was never intended
| for what we consider an up todate orchestra,
but was written by early composers who
‘ never heard euch an orchestra— Beethoven,
'for inatance. in whose work wind instru-
| ments as a rule are often superfluous and
| distracting noise. He had no wind instru-
menta that could be played in tune, Before
Boehm no wood wind instrument could
| be and before Saxe no brass instrument
|eould. So his wind passages generally lack
| inspiration; it was inevitably interrupted
| when he imagined the noises that the wind
instruments of his day made.
| But in spite of the facts regarding the
\early composers, 1 find that the last pro-
| gramme L have received contains no music
| whatever composed for the modern orches-
iéra and that there was in the fourteen
| programmes more so-called orchestral
music from Beethoven than from any other
composer. There was not half as much
from the modern orchestral composer who
is perhaps on the whole the greatest, as
there waa from Beethoven. 1 refer to
Tchaikovsky —three pieces to Beethoven's
nine, From Liszt, who is perhaps the strong-
‘est competitor of Tchaikovsky as an or-
| chestral composer, there were but two.
From Richard Strauss, perhaps the only
remaining man besides Wagner who belongs
/in the same class, there was but one, and
| 1 believe there was nothing from Berlioz,
the father of the modern orchestra, while
there were several from early composers
besides Beethoven and by such slightly
more recent men as Mendelssohn, Schabert,
and their kind and even some from unknown
composers, for which the Philharmonic
simply used its audiences as a “dog” to try
| them on.

The Philharmonic Society has accepted
|an endowment of $500,000 fete by the late
| Joseph Pulitzer. With the bequest Mr.
| Pulitver left the desire that three of his
\favorite composers. Beethoven, Wagner
and Liszt, should be reprensmied on the
| rogrammes as frequently as consistent.
Ihe Philharmonic Society in accepting
| the bequest Indieated ite eeeniton to
carry out Mr. itver's wishes,

Felix F. Leifels, secretary of the Phil-
| harmonic Society, gave out this statemené
‘ last night:

l am greatly surprised at Mr, Holt’a un-
warranted and unjust attack on the Phil-
| harmonic and its programme scheme. His
complaint about the programmes contain-
l{ng what he is pleased to label “more #o-
called orchestral music from Beethoven
than from any other composers” and that
Techaikowsky, Strauss and Liszt were given
few hearings while Berlioz was entirely
‘ignored is not based on facts. During the
season just passed Berlioz appeared on the
Philharmonic programmes six times, repre-
| sented by the overture “Corsair,” “Rakozcy”

 

 

 

 

“A Noteworthy Collection”

Madison Square

Bronzes, Enamels,

 

FORMERLY SECRETARY OF

South, New York

ON FREE VIEW BEGINNING APRIL 3rd
The Noteworthy Collection

of

Beautiful Old Chinese Porcelains

Cinnabar Lacquers,

Jade and other Treasures
Formed by the fate

HERBERT G. SQUIERS,

THE UNITED STATES LEGA-

TION AT PEKIN, AND LATER U. 8S. MINISTER TO CUBA.
A collection which for importance and heputy of the
e

objects included favorably compares with t

nota-

ble collections teretofore offered at public sale.

To be sold at unrestricted Public Sale

By order of J. Mayhew Wainwright and the Farmers’
Loan and Trust Company of New York, Executors

On the Afternoons of Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday & Friday

April 9th, 10th, Iith

& 12th at 2:30 o'clock

A Deacriptive Catalogue prepared by Mr. John Getz, profusel
illustrated, will be mailed on receipt of One Dollar. 7

The Sale will be conducted by

At the American Art Galleries

MR, THOMAS E. KIRBY, of the

AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers,

@ East 23d Street, Madison Square South, New York,

 

 

 

 

24, 1912.

 

 

march and “Harold” symphony; Techai-
kowsky, fifteen times, violin concerto,
Piano ‘concerto, overture “1812,” Sym-
phonies Nos. 4 and 6; Liszt, fourteeh times,
by “Tasso,” Rhapsody No, 12, “Die Ideale,”
Piano concerto in EF and “Dante” sym-

phony; Strauss, thirteen times, love scene ,

from “Feuersnot,” serenade for string in-
struments and “Death and Transfiguration.”

Mr. Holt claims that the Philharmonic
gives much music that was never intended

for an up to date orchestra. To quote him, |

“Beethoven, for instance, in whose works
wind intruments as a rule are often super-
fluous and distracting noise.” L wonder
to which of Beethoven's great works Mr.
Holt refers, his symphonies, overtures or
perhaps his “Emperor” concerto, which was
heard this season at the society's concerts,

Mr. Holt’s contention that the works of
the classic composers are never played
by great modern orchestras is erroneous.
The Philharmonte is not the only great
modern orchestra that includes these works
initsrépertoire. He will find them onevery
orchestral
Nor are any earlier wind instruments, to
quote again, “playing limited and il! fitting
parts,” used in the performance of these
classics, The instruments employed are
the ones tfiat the scores of Haydn, Mozart
and Beethoven call for—fiutes, oboes, clari-
nets, bassoons, horns, trumpets, trombones
and drums, These instruments have been
perfected in mechanism, tune and tone
since the time of Haydn, as the players
have become more proficient in their uae,
but they are flutes, oboes, &c., just as they
were 100 years ago,

I gather from Mr. Holt's letter that he
objects to the Philharmonic performing
anything but the compositions of composers
who are, or were, acquainted with the or-

chestra of to-day, and zee when the society
programmes have num
aers, novelties, of course--even the Bach
ugues were novelties at one time—he ac-
cuses the society of using its audience as a
dog" totrythemon. I really snink it quite
4 concession on his part to speak slightingly
of the orchesral works of Mendelasohn
Schubert and their kind", The lovers of
the immortal C Major Symphony of Schu-
bert, which graced the Philharmonic pro-
grammes this season, will no doubt rise in
gratitude,
at conclusion I beg to say that while the
Philharmonic Society deeply regrets the
asibility of losing the good will of Mr.
folt, the names of Bach, Haydn, Mozari
and Beethoven and also the great classic
and modern piano concertos will Qot be
eliminated from {its programmes for*some
time to come.

 

Plays and Players.

There will be a change in the leading character
of “Kate Lenox” in “The Talker” at the Harris
Theatre to-morrow night. Helen Holmes played
the part for the last time at last night's per-
formance and will be succeeded by Florence
Malone, who has been with “The Commuters,”
which closed its season In Brooklyn last night.
The role was played originally by Lillian Albert-
son, but she was compel! to give up active
work because of Injured vocal cords,

As a reward for a profitable tour extending
clear to the Pacific coast Montgomery and Stone,
the comedians, and the entire “The Old Town”
company will be guests of honor at the profes-
sional matinée of “Over the River” at the Globe
Theatre on Thureday afternoon, March 28, given
by Charlies B. Dillingham.

Under the auspicesof the woman's suffrage
Party “Press Cutting’ and twoone act skits," Lib”
and “Kiddie,” will be presented at the Broadway
Theatre on the afternoon of April 2. The cast
will be made up of professional players and
will include Susanne Sheldon, Elizabeth Valen-
line, Jda Waterman, Owald Yorke, Robert
Harrison and Olive Oliver,

 

programme the world over. |

|

‘CONDUCTOR FIEDLER

BIDS US 6000-1

His Farewell Appearance Made at
Last Matinee Concert of the
Boston Orchestra.

 

STRAUSS'S DOMESTIC POEM

That and Some Wagner and Weber
, the Final Song of the
Bostonians.

| Max Fiedler, conductor, bade farewell

to New York yve-.crday. It was at the
last matinée of the Boston Symphony
Orchestra at Carnegie Hall and the audi-
ence was so large that many wouldbe
hearers of the enter.ainment were unable
to gain admission to the hall. Mr. Fiedler
came to New York as one of the visiting
conductors of the Philharmonic Society
toward the end of the season of 1905-06.
He returned as conductor of the Boston
orchestra on November 5, 1908.

On that occasion it was disclosed that
Mr. Fiedler’s style was a combination of
the results of academic study with rude
strength. The forcing of middle voices
in a Brahms symphony accentuated those
traita of the composer's instrumentation
which have been most often set down to
his discredit, Overdevelopment of con-
tratets, opacity in the strings and heavy
blowing in the brass were all deplored.

In the four seasons of his conductor-
ship Mr. Fiedler has outgrown most of his

 

retained his force and his acumen. His
conducting has found continually in-
creasing favor and that means that it
has deserved it, for in the long run the
musical public of this town is not to be
deceived.

Mr. Fiedler retires to give way to the
conductor whom he succeeded, Dr.
| Carl Nuck of Berlin. Once again the
| United States is under the regrettable
necessity of robbing the Kaiser of one of
| nis favorite musical entertainers. Doubt-

lesa the German empire will survive the
| Joas, especially as we are sending back
to it a greatly grown Fiedler. New York
has enjoyed much good music under Mr.
| Fiedler’s direction and will rt with

him with sorrow. And it wili bless him
in that he has left his matchless instru-
ment beind him unimpaired.

The programme offered yesterday was
one of liberal proportions. It comprised
Weber's “Freischiitz” overture, Richard
| Strauss's tone m called “Symphonia
Domestica” and three Wagner numbers,
| the “Siegfried Idyl,” the funeral march
'from “Gétterdimmerung” and the prel-
ude and “liebestod” from “Tristan und
Isolde.” It seems hardly worth while
to embark upon a philosophical consider -
ation of this music. orn

The Strauss “Symphonia Domestica
was last played here just [two years ago
on March 24 by the same orchestra. It

has not become any greater in the mean-
lene and still seems most aptly described

 

by the dictum of Ernest Newman, “the

 

Public

Sales of

Art and Literary Collections if

at

Anderson Galleries

Madison Avenue

On the Afternoons and Eveni
25th and 26th, at 2:30 and 8:15

the

at Fortieth Street,

ngs of Monday and Tuesday, March
o'clock, the Remarkable Library of

William W. Allis of Milwaukee, with the exception of the Hoe

Library one of the Finest that

‘alton’s
Thackeray,
and Fourth Folios,
lish classics. Fine bindings by
Sanderson, Derome, Gosden and

brary of

English and American Authors;
weey Old and Curious Books, a
traits.

and ror

at 8:15.

The Robert

BINDINGS—More than a hun

Cicero and

INCUNABULA—The_ Chirche

252525252525 2SES

 
  
    
  

come on the market, The copy of

ENGLISH LITERATURE—Th

Maners,

| _AMERICANA—First engraved
New England, 1677, with the rare
' chusetts, 1717, is one of two or t

tory of K Boccus, one of four
, the tals

to be published later.
'ca) Hoe Library (four

yu
Uy

 

tion Saturday,
Sessions, 2:30 and 8:15 o'clock, beg

i
‘a

Antiques of the highest interest.
mailed at 50 cents each.

and executors.

ears. First Editions of Shakespeare's Poems, Milton’s Poems, and
ler; First Editions of Burns, Goldsmith, Shelley, Lamb,
kens, Browning, and many others. Second, Third,

WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON and the afternoons of Thursday
March 27th, 28th, and 29th, at 2:30—The Private Li- mu]
arles R. Adams of Minneapolis.

NOW ON EXHIBITION—Rare Engravings, many in Color or
Proof State, the Collection of a Former K
be sold on the Evenings of Monday and Tuesday, April ‘Ist and 2nd,

Part III of this great Collection is now on Exhibition.
ula, Historical Bindings, Early English Literature, Rare Americana,
French Illustrated Books, Eighteenth Century English Authors and

Autographs. To be sold in Twenty Afternoon and Evening Sessions,
qa “ 8315 o'clock, beginning on the Afternoon of Monday,

MANUSCRIPTS—Thirty-eight, of which seventeen are of the
Fifteenth Century“and nine of the Sixteenth, many with beautiful
miniatures in the finest style of the great Artists.

copy of Castipiions in a contemporary Italian binding; his copies of
rantz’s Wandalia in ancient French; five
bindings by Roger Payne; other great binders well represented.

printed oy Wynne de Worde, probably the only copy that will ever

of Blood, by the same printer, is the only
Confessio Amantis, printed by Caxton in 14
perfect copies. Many other early printed books,

tions of Dryden, Bacon on Learning. 1605, and his Fesaies, 1612; His-
n

copy known. A score of other rare items.

that would add distinction to tho finest library.

| THE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of 471
3,412 lots, is issued in two volumes at $1.50, includ
Orders for the complete catalogue of the
rts of two volumes each) will be received at $5
including the Pri Lists, which are iesued separately at 50 cents each.

The Graves Art Collection

Part I of the Great Collection of Objects of Art gathered during
half a Century by John R. Graves of Boston will be d on Exhibi-
March 3th, and sold in re toed og $7 -

April 8th, The Greatest Sale of the season.
Porcelains, Jades, Crystals, Carvings, Lacquers, Old Silver, Ja

nese
Swords, East Indian Curios, Jewel Caskets, Bronzes, Armor, Minia-
tures, Oriental Rugs, European and American Paintings, saa a6

extraordinary collection of Jewelr

THIS COMPANY has unequalled facilities for the
Exhibition and Sale of meritorious Art and Literary
Collections and invites correspondence with owners

The Anderson Auction Company

NEW YORK.

has come on the market in many ©)!

Many ntation copies of Eng-
Roger fayae, De Sauty, Cobden.
Prideaux.

First Editions of

Standard Sets in Fine Bindings;
nd an extensive Collection of Por-

esident of New York. To uh]

Hoe Library

Incunab-

dred fine bindings. Grolier’s own

handsome

of the Euyll Men and Women,
the Contemplation of the Shedding

known copy. Gower's
83, is the best of seven

ird Folio Shakespeare, first edi-

own copies; The Boke of Good
view of New York; Hubbard's

map; Mather’s account of Massa-
hree known copies, Many others

 

pages. embracing
ng the Priced List

and Evening
inning on the Afternoon of Monday,

Chinese

and Gems, embracing many
he Illustrated Catalogue will be

 

undesirable peculiartities, while he has!

t
Members desiring to attend the funeral of Na-

 

work of a clever man who was once a
genius.” As a piece of orchestral con-
struction it shows all the skill of Strauss,
but as a poetic inspiration it falls short
of all his others.

Perhaps there were too many distract -
ing circumstances. The peace of the
domestic fireside was disturbed by the
presence of mamma and the baby. If

| Mr. Strauss had been at home alone

i big things might have eventuated. But
needles and pins, when @ man's married
his trouble begins. There are altogether
too few echoes here of “A Hero's Life.”
But it was splendidly played. The audi-
ence was very kind and sat in rapt atten-
tion, even when the blessed baby was
spanked and put to bed.

“MONA” AT THE OPERA.

 

Prof. Parker’s Music Heard Attentively
by a Large Matinee Audience.

“Mona,” the prize opera of Brian Hooker
and Horatio Parker, had its second per-
formance at the Metropolitan Opera
House yesterday afternoon, There was
|* large audience and every evidence
of a desire on the part of those present

|to find as much good as possible in the
‘interesting score. The poet and the com-
poser were both in the house and were

repeatedly called before the curtain to
(receive the approval of their fellow coun-
trymen.

| he performance reproduced all the
excellences voted in the first repre-
sentation. Mme. Homer sustained the
high dramatic level of her impersonation
of the heroine, and Mr. Reiss was once
‘more a most ingratiating representative
of the changeling. Messrs. Hinshaw and
Witherspoon repeated their admirable
delineations and Mr. Martin was moxt
sincere as Gwynn. Mr. Griswold's noble
Roman father reminded one of John
McCullough, and the bear was dead letter
perfect in his réle. Mr. Hertz conducted,
jand both chorus and orchestra discharged
|

 

 

their duties excellently.

 

NEW TENOR FOR METROPOLITAN.

Jacques Urlus to Take the Place of Carl
Burrian Next Year.

Jacques Urlus, who sang in Boston with
Mine. Nordica at the Boston Opera House,
will take the place of Carl Burrian at the
Metropolitan Opera House next year, Herr
Burrian will go to the Imperial Opera House
in Vienna for six vears in case it proves
possible to settle his various troubles with
the Cartel Verein, in which his frequent
breaches of contract abroad have involved
him.

Urlus in now the leading tenor at the
Stadt Theater in Leipsic and is well known
as a Wagnerian tenor in the other German
cities in which he has sung. He isa native
of Hergenrath and was born there in 1871.
His father, who by profession was an en-
gineer, moved to Tilburg in Holland when

Urlus was only 10 years old and there he
received his musical educations At 17 he
moved to Utrecht, where he joined a chureh
choir. ‘Then De Groot, manager of the
Amsterdam, heard him sing and gave him
a chance to study in Amsterdam. In iss
he made his first appearance, singing an
unimportant part in “Pagliacci.” He was
sufficiently successful to remain in the
company and during the first year he sang
went vl ihe leadius tenor iOles. lle Wae
called at the end of a year to the Stadt
Theater in Leipsic and there he has remained
for some years. i
Urlus is also known in his own countr

}as a singer of Italian roles, but here he will
be confined to the Wagnerian repertoire

 

Actors Off for London.

Kighty-five members of “The Pink Lady”
and “Ben Hur” companies sailed yesterday
on the Lapland and the Olympic to show
for the rest of the season in Loudon. Both
are Klaw & Erlanger companies and the
former will open in the Globe on April 8,
the latter in the Drury Lane April 12.

Ser gae RoNr aE

DON’T FORGET THAT MY

ECLIPSE BRAND OLIVE OIL

is absolutely pure. Analysis by Agricultural
Bureau, Washington, showing absolute purity,
in Callanan’s Magazine mailed on reguest,

L. J. CALLANAN, 41 & 43 Vesey St.

 

 

 

 

DIED.

|} BUCHANAN.—March 23, 1012,
aged 79 years.
Services at Stephen Merritt's new chapel, Sth
av., near Zist st, Time later,
COLLINS,—-Marclf 22, Eliza A., beloved wife of
James H. Colfins, aged 69 years
Services at Stephen Merritt's
| 8th av., near Zist st., Monday at 1 o'clock.
| DE FOREST.—Suddenly, at Lakewood, N. J., on

 

James Buchanan,

new chapel,

March 23, 1912, Josephine L. de Focest, eldest
daughter of Shepard K. de Forest.

Notice of funeral hereafter.

DOYLE.—Johu Doyle, aged 58

Funeral “The Funeral Chureh,” 241 West 231
st. (FRANK I, CAMPBBLL BUILDING), Monday
afternoon at 2 o'clock.

DUNN,—On Friday, March 22, 1912, Sarah B.
Scott, wife of Thomas Dunn of Syracuse, N.Y.

Services at the home of her daughter, Mrs.
Albert George Thorne, 256 West 85th st., Sun-
day, March 24, 1912, at 2 o'clock, Interment
at Syracuse, N. Y.

HANSCOM.—On Friday, March 22, Albert Lee
Hanscom, beloved husband of Lucy S. Hans
com and son of the late Albert Hansccm and
Catharine L, Hanscom,

Funeral services will be held at his late resi
dence, 249 West 127th street, on Tuesday
morning, March 26, at half past tt. Inter-
ment at convenience of the family.

HARTWELL.--Suddenly from pneumonia, on
Saturday, March 25, 1912, at the Hote! Albert,
University place and t1th strect, New York
city, Hugh Nesbitt Hartwell of Somerville,
N, J.

Funeral services at the residence of his daugh-
ter, Mrs. Joseph J. Carter, 43 South Broad
street, Elizabeth, N. J.,on Tuesday, March 25,
at 11 o'clock A. M. Tocineration at Rosehill
Crematory at convenience of the family.
Carriages will meet Central RK. R. of N. J
train leaving New York foot of 23d street at
10:05 A, M.; foot of Liberty street at 10:20
\. M. Special car will be attached to above
train. It Is kindly requested that no flowers
be sent,

HEGEMAN-—ary, infant son of Grace Cary and
John R, Hegeman, Jr., March 23, 1012

HYDF.-On March 22, Lewis Wood, aged 7
years, formerly of Hackensack, N. J

Funeral services at Arlington, N. ¥., on Sun-
day, March 24, at2 P.M.

LA MONTAGNE,—On Thursday, March 21, 1912
at her residence, Par Rockaway, N. Y., Laura
Loulse, widow of René L, La Montagne, and
daughter of the late Henry R, Morgan.

Vuneral services at the Church of St. Vincent ds
Paul, West 234 st., New York Clty, Monday
March 25, at 9:30 A, M. Please omit dowers
New Orleans Montreal and Paris papers
please copy

SACCHI.—Suddenly, March 21, at her home, 485
Central Park West, Elizabeth, beloved mother
of Madie and Gustavo, Funeral private,

SMITH—HakvaRD CLUB OF NEW YORK CITY.

 

thaniel S. Smith, ‘60, will meet outside his late
residence, No, 405 West End avenue (near th
street), on Monday morning, March 25, 1012, at
9:25 o'clock, LANGDON P, MARVIN, Secretary,

SPRAGUE.--On Thursday, March 21, at his resi
dence, 170 West 73d st., In his 70th year, Ool
Charles Ezra Sprague, beloved husband of
Ray FE, Sprague,

Funeral services at the University Place Pres-
byterlan Church on Sunday afternoon at 2:30.
Interment private,

‘THOMPSON.—Entered into life eternal, March
22, at 3:15 P. M., at her home, 400 West 126th
st, Mary Hale, beloved wife of the Rey
William Gordon Thompson, of the clertoal
staff of St. Thomas's Church,

Funeral services at the Cathedral of St. John
the Divine on Monday, March 25, at 2 P. M,
Interment at Moravian Cemetery, Staten
Island. Kansas City papers please cop y.

A

er

UNDERTAKEBS.

E, CAMPBELL, 241-243 W. 23d St.
ae Ambulance Service. Tel. 1324 Chelsea

—

al

The Wall Street edition of THe Evantna SU
contaigs all the financtal news and the stock aud
bond quotations to the close of the market, The
closing quotations, Including the “bid and a-ked"
prices, with additional news matter, are contained
also tn the night and nal editions of Tas LvENLNe@

Sun.—Ade,

es

re

rs

aati naiss

ee ea

Se ethene Se

ee

ase