o-

eens

a eee

ee ran

Fi

Si

ss
es

ft

b
1
{

a

ee

st

 

  
  

  

AMATEUR BOXERS 11
NYA. RING

Lively Battles for Metropolitan As-
sociation Champion-
man Honors.

 

 

MEMBERS ‘CROWD THE GYM

 

Spengler, Kothe, Vitelle, Sheridan, At-
Kins, Rex and Fitz Henry Suc-
~ cessful in the Classes.

Menibers of the New York A. C. crowded
the gymnasium last night to see the final
boxing bouts for the championships of the
A. A. U's Metropolitan Association. » The
(wn Was-fast and furious, with much heavy
punching, numerous ‘knockdow nsf and
some bloodshed

The referee, John J. Walshf of the Pastime
A. ©,, was caught napping in the first round
of the bout in the 145 pound class between
John Fitz Henry of the Avonia A. C. and
R. F. Williamson of the Central Y. M. ©. A,
According tothe A. A. U. rules a knockdown
enda a round, but when Fitz Henry dropped

 

up for another flattening ‘Then Walsh
stopped the round The other two rounds
were cut short by knockdowns with Willlam-
of on the floor
.d. Reich, Irish-American A. C , weihge
he 100 pounds, towered over Arthur Sherie
dan, Trinity A C , forty pounds lighter, ina
mirth provoking ae rap in the heavyweight
class. After Reich had received tantalizing
taps im the face during the first round
he tried bard hitting in the second ® Sheri-
dan was light on his feet, however, and
escaped unharmed Reich was covering
up On the roves a moment after the third
found started, his little antagonist forcing
the fight. Again the big fellow received
40 many clean punches in the face that he
buried his head behind his forearms and
elbows to-escape the hailstorm Sheridan
Was Wildly cheered when the judges pro-
nounced him the winner
‘Carrying 21: pounds of fat, Charles J
Benz, Hartley House, ran up against William
Spengler, Union Settlement A C
heavyweight semi-final Spengler weighed
165° pounds but knew too much for Benz,
who was punched into a groggy condition
Inthe sccond round, ‘the referee saving
him from a sure knockout
Frnést Kothe, st. Bar tholemew A. C.,
ehaped up with Matt Donovan, Paulist
A.C., in the final bout of the 105 pound class.
Kothe did the leading and also planted the
cléaner blows, but Donovan had a dangerous
right hand and was very foxy. Now and
then he tried to sneak over a sieep |
tut Kothe was on the alert, either bloc “king |
or using his feet. It was fast boxing and |
the bantainis cot into the third round of |
four minutes with honors about even
They-travelled at a dizzy pace, Kothe oar |
celfing inv skill sufliciently to draw the claret
from hovan's nose. The jndges agreed
on ‘Kothe, Lg a w hed loudly applauded
auaank © Conifrey, Vrion. Setilement ALC
mn the filial bout of the 115 pound class’ |
There was no love tapping in this affair,
but good hard hitting, over which the crowd |

his opponent with a left hook on the jaw
the referee allowed Williamson to struggle
, in another

hosked
C., hostkod

 

 

waxed — enthusiastic Vitelle’s strength also won the Take Home trophy at 25 Quebec, Positions Wanderers.
eesuelly told the tale, and althonah tue} targets and several trophy shoots. Moran Goal se7 kee Boyes
{sz disagreed the ‘referee decided i | The scores: eumeness. 6 ee +1 shoo [os
af fav: or. 4. {  Fouth he on March Cu 3m targets, handi- Malone Centre 0. Seahorn

“Fhe final bout of the 153 pound class | cap-£ tt, h 85;.C. B. Lud ; ,

al serate wig, 4, 82. | McDonald.. Left wing Roberts
proyshs to together William Barrett, Harlem !c, Mt, cam, 4, 80; C. D. chest, 20, 76: C.D. Sayre. | Marks. Right wing Uernter
_A., and Arhtur Sheridan, ‘Trinity | 4.70; 4. M. Knox, 16, 70; J, H. Emanuel, Jr., 4, 60. Score--Quebec, 7; Wanderers, 4. Total for two
A. ©. Before two minutes of the first Take Home Trophy--25 ‘targets, handicap— nigts mguebec. 12: Wanderers, 8 QGoals- Quebec

reund had elapsed Barrett was rocking H. Lote, scratch. 24, C. B, Sayre, 1, 2% ©. B. |—Sy Malone, 4; Hall, 1: McDonald, 1; Prodgers, 1
from the force of several aceurate hooks Kinde. 1, 20; ©. M. Camp, 1, 17; C, D? Chase, 5,17; | Wanderers-—Roberts, 1; Ross, 1; S. Cleghorn. 1
onthe chin. He rallied, however, and |9- Finanuel, J 1.15, JOM. Knox, 4, 14. Substitute—Tetreault for Bernier. Referee.
jarred Sheridan with a couple of swings i eee oa Trophy 25 targets, scratch-—E. I. | fluaselt Bowle, Montreal: assistant referee, \\
on the jaw just before the bell rang. Sheri- Ow. Chass: Honea 22; J. I Phi arid Jr., 20; | Russell, New York. G-1 umpires —G, Harmon
dan cut loose in the second round and with {¢° es . Camp, 18; C. B. Sayre, 18; | and J. Britton, New ork, Timers—W. J. Corker

Rant hand stnash on the neck he knocked
rreit Hat upon his vack. Thut should
have ended the round but Barrett was
allowed to arise for another terrific swing
that practically put himmaway. The referee
then declared Sheridan the winner.

 

 

Herbert Atkins, West Side Y. M. Cc. A.,
crossed arins with James Nugent, Paulist |
A. (,,in the deciding 125 pound battle.

Atkins, who won the championship in this
class Jast year, showed dome pretty boxing,
but when it came to slugging iu mixups
Nugent was the better man. One of
Nugent's flying wallops made = Atkins's |
nose bleed in the second round, while in
the last round Nugent landed so many
effective blows that Atkins was visibly
weakened. it looked like a Nugent victory,
but “ judges selected Atkins amid hisses \

 

| Beach
;ckwUs ye

rday
! March cup “was the feature of the shoot

   

   
  
     
      
         

 

Jumps 6 Feet 1 Inch.

Srracusz, N. Y., March 23.—Michigan
was overwhelmingly defeated by Syracuse
in the annual indoor meet held in the Syra-
cuse University gymnasium to-night.
‘The final score gave Syracuse 52 points to 25
for Michigan. Haimpaugh, Kohler and
Sargent were the only Michigan men
who could win first place. Haimpaugh
took the mile, Kohler put the fifteen pound
shot 46 feet 5% inches and Sargent cleared
the bar at @ feet 1 inch in the high jump.
Craig of Michigan lost his shoe on the first
turn of the track in the 300 yard dash, but
pluckily finished the race running barefoot.
Haimpaugh collapsed at the finish of the
mile race. Fo
plin and Rob

conte titors in the wreck events,
of Michigan failed to

PLAYERS END FUR

Pleasure Trip to Show Their Skill
Results in Victory for
Qhebecs.

 

 

SOME SCRAPS INCIDENTALLY

 

Referee Sends Marks and Cleghorn
f to the Bench and Others
Quiet Down.

Syracuse Reldpath, Cham-
nson far outclassed their

Crai
to plane ce in the forty ya
dash, Robinson and Reidpath taking first
and second,

Champlin also managed to defeat oe
in the 45 yard high hurdle and. broke his
own indoor record. by one-fifth of a second.
His titne was 5 4-5 seconds. The Michigan
Ror vaulters proved a Speen and

rtright of Syracuse won the event, clear-
athe bar at 10 feet 6 inches. Barton of
Reldpath ran the

    
 
   

 

The Quebec hockey players scored the
most goals in the two nights match with
the Wanderers of Montreal. They did the
better work in each night’s play, making
7 to 4 gonls last nightand 5 to ¢on Thuraday
for a total score of 12 to 8.

The Canadian players will return to the
Dominion after a pleasant vacation in New
York. During their visit here their ex-
penses were paid. They also received 4
little spending money and incldentaliy
showed how hockey is plaved tn Canada.

Last night the St. Nicholas rink was well
filled and the spectators worked thera-
selves into a frenzy rooting for the Wan-
derers. Their only reason for doing this
was that the Wanderer team was the under
dog. Then too the two Cleghorns had
played here as amateurs. All the rooting
in the world could not beat the champions

and winners of the Stanley cup, the Que-
tomether with the

  
   
   
  
    
      
   
       
    
 
 
   
    

0

Meniwan was second.
a4) yarda in 54 1-5 seconds and broke his in-
door record He was closely followed by
Foga of Syracuse, who won second place.

s was expected the Orange runners had
their own way in the track events and the
surprise of the meet was the showing made
by the rere men in the field events.
The 1,200 yard relay race proved the moat
exciting event and Syracuse won by a mar-
gin of about twenty-five yards.

‘he time for the relay race was 2 minutes
18 2-5 seconds, breaking the Syracuse in-
door record by two-fifths of a secon In
the half mile run Taylor and Aigire of

er

Syracuse finished almost together
the event was

considerable discussion
finally awarded to Taylor, with Algire
second. Nearly 1,200 persons witnessed
the meet, which was one of the most suc-
cessful ever participated in by the Orange
team. The summaries:

Putting 16 Pound Shot—Won by
Michigan; Champlin, Syracuse, Dis-
tance, 46 feet B'y inches.

40 Yard Dash—Won by Robertson, Syra-
cure; Reldpath,
44-5 weconds,

46 Yard
Syracuse; Cralg,
64-5 seconds

200 Yard Dash-

  

becs. Their team work,
phenomenal defence of Moran at goal,
gave them a safe advantage at any time.
The Wanderers were spectacular at times.
Ross made some wonderful snakelike
rushes and Sprague Cleghorn did valiant
work, but their efforts ended when they met
Moran. He turned their shots aside as
easily as a negro avoids the balls thrown
at his head at a country ojreus

The Quebecs played easily until toward
the end of the second period, when they
started in with a rueh and scored four goals
in.a Mttle more than four minutes. They
could have continued that work through. the
third period if the entertaininént they had
received in this city had not told on their
work. Asit was they were able to keep their
— down to a minimum in the scoring

ne

There were wo pieyary on the Wanderers’
team who showed real form, Ross, whose
runs were always spectacular, and &. Cleg-
horn, who did some clever work, but who
had an early season grudge to settle with
Marke of the Quebecs, and consequently
these two players sat out a good part of the
game. In the second period they started
scrapping and ot@er players started in to
help them. Sticks were high in the gir and |
things looked ominous, but Referee Hussell
ee jumped in between the hot headed
pe yers and sent Marks and Cleghorn to the

nch for the rest offthe period. The others
quieted at once.

There were many spectacular plays and
many remarkable shots were made on each
side. The skating was fast and brilliant
and Moran stopped pene jnare shots, while
Boyes let several get by him

Tt was a pretty get BY Pim. one familiar
with the game realized how brilliant the
game might be at home when the rules were
strictly enforced and when the players wore
really playing for a titie or under some in-
centive other than a sightseeing trip

The lineup:

Kohler,
second.

Syracuse, second Tline,

Hurdles—Won by
Michigan,

tin,
Time,

Cham
second

Won by Retdpath,
cuse; Robertson, Syracuse, second.
341-5 seconds

Half Mile Run—Won by Taylor, Syracuse;
Algire, Syracuse, second. Time, 2 minutes
44-5 seconds

High Jump—Won by Sargent,
Kortwright, Syracuse; Stiles,
Greist, Michigan, tled for second
Points—Michigan, 6; Syracuse, 2.
6 feet 1 inch

440 Yard Dash—Won by Retd
cuse; Fogg, Syracuse, second.
seconds

One Mile Run—Won by Haimpaugh,
igan: Brown, Michigan, second
minutes 36 4-5 seconde,

Pole Vault--Won by ee ht, Syracuse;
Barton, Michigan, second. Heltght—10 feet
& Inches

1.200 Yard Relay—-Won by Syracuse with
Waldron, Champlin, Robertson and Fogg;
Michigan second, with Bater, White, Seward
and Craig Time-—3 mi minutes 18 2-5 seconds.

HIGH SCORES AT AT BATH BEACH.

E. H.

Syra-
Time,

Michigan;
Syracuse, and
place.
Height—

ath, Syra-
Time—54 1-5

Mich-
Time—4

 

 

 

Lott Wins March Cup at Marien
and Field Club Shoot.

Notwithstanding the high, cold winds,
excellent scores were made at the Bath
traps of the Marine and Field

atest

the
the

oe

 

The fourth tes on

and brought seven gunners to the firing
line. The winner was E. . Lott, who
broke 86 out of a possible 100 targets. He

 

 

B. Ludwig, 16.

 

  
 

  

J. Md. Knox, 4, 17.
Shootoff—Same conditions—C. B. Sayre, 4,
E, H. Lot, scratch, 20; J, H.

Emanuel, Jr., 4 ‘i Honors In Class Match at Seventh Regi-

ment Go to Crack Shot.

Lance Corporal J. K. Boles of Company I,
who is considered the champion rifle shot
of the Seventh Regiment, came
winner in class cup match No. 4 at the
weekly meet of the Seventh Regiment
Rifle Club, which began on the armory range
evening and continued until late

Bowlers Elect Officers.

PatTERsoN, March 22.—The annual con-
rene of the National Bowling Associa-
tion was held at Entre Nous Lyceum to-
day. The following officers were elected
President, Willlam Kirk, Wilmington, Del.;
Vice-president, John Romary, Paterson:
president, R. BE. Krause, Utien:
Philadelphia;

out the

Vice-
- treasurer, bb.
E. Dungan, secretary, Frank | Friday
Db. Woodworth, Brooklyn

yesterday afternoon. The match has been

and. cheers. Board of Governors—Louis Breen, Phila- | going on for the last three weeks with Boles

Henry Braun, New Polo A. 4., faced | aelphi George Curtis, Peterson; Fred Roth, | holding the lead from the ptart, In the
Harry 0. Rex, relly wood A. inthe windup | Paterson; Bernard J. Maurer, Syracuse; N. | sharpshooter class Private F. Weller of
of the 125 pound elass. This’ was a grudge | S Williams, Richmond, Va.; Joseph Thum, Comnssy F won the bonors, while Sergt.
affair as the boys are old rivuls. The first | Xe York: Charles bP. Cohn, Now York; Palmer carried off the prize in the novice

round: was Teme, neither caring to take a
chance. But in the second the fur began
to fly. They hammered away until the bell, |
Vere shuffling to their chairs with bellows. |

. It waselam bang inthe last round,
Wien half the time had elasned the meu
were so tired they could notshit hard enough
t urt a child. Rex received the judge's
verdict.

John Fitz Henry, Avonia A. ©., won the,
final bout of the 145 class in less than two}
minutes. Charles T. Henry, Trinity A. ¢
his antagonist, had his left eye cut open.
and after he had suffered u heavy knoe
down, the referee ato ned the onesided |
serap. A spectator at the ringside who saw |
Henry’s bleeding optic fainted and was ;
nei out of the gymnasium

lam Spengler, Union Settlement A. C.
tackled Arthur Sheridan, ‘lrinity A.C). in
the heavyweight final, ‘Spengler had ‘an
advantage of ten pounds with a
reach and grester experience. Sheridan |
BS up a splendid argument, in spite of a

Fuised nose. but nearing the end he was
gradually worn down and Spengler won |
the approvul of the judges.

Phe summaries:

105 Pound Class--linal bout

t. Bartholomew A, C., beat

 

longer |

 
 

Lrnest Kothe,
Matt Donovan,

aulist A. C., the judges agreeing
15 Pound’ Class--Final bout—aA, Vitelle, St.
Bartholomew A. (., beat F. Conifrey, Unton

S@ttlement A. C., on the referee's decision after
Ggagreerment of judges.

Pound Class: ~ "inal bout- Arthur Sheridan,
Trintty A. ©. William Barrett, Harlem
Y. MC. AL, the referee awarding his decision
aftsr the second round.

125 Povod Class—Semi-final
Atkins, West Side \. M. C. A, beat I. Zucker-
man, Edueational Alliance, the judges agreeing;
James Nugeot, Pauiist A. C., beat Philip Spllker,
Kitvcational Alliance, on referee's decision after
Rtas sresment of judges Vinal bout—Atkins
beat NuReG i the judges agreeing.

13% und Class-—-Semi-final bouts—Henry
Seah, New Polo A. A., beat Sam Levy, Clar

use Inter-Settlement, the judges agreeing at

ihe ¢ snd of un extra round of two minutes. Harry
o Rex. Holly weed Inn, beat John Gallagher,
ww West, Side A. on referee's decision after

beat

bouts—-Herbert

 

Secaresesens of juahen Final bout—Rex beat
Arasn, pte a Judges 8 agrecin
mi-final bouts—John Fitz-
core, Pr vonla A. C., beat B. oF. Williamson,
Yentral Y. M. C. A., on the referee's decision,
a knockdown ending each round. Charles T.
Weni Telaly A. beat Fred Boettier, Pen
nan

» the tefaree stopping roceedings in
c second round. Final bout rhe Henry beat

enr), the referee stopping aecmdinns after
the first round

$$$ aa =

"EH, Lott won the miss and out shootoft and ¥rank Vlilson, New York. ee ee
8 Trophy, Shoots 25 largets, shea ae —O, D. bicit cals wipers is bon the

ayre ak 4)tt, scratch, 24; J. H. manuel,
\3r., 1, D. Chase, 6,20; C. MM. Camp, 1, 17; ‘| CORPORAL BOLES WINS CUP.

William Cordes, Brooklyn;
ald, Paterson; F. J
Pierson, Newark; ©, A
W. B. Mulford,
Albany; W

John J. Fitager-
Rochester; FB. W
Parker, New York;
New York; Dr. F, N. Tate,
R. Stevenson, Wheeling, VW.

c rlaae. ‘Two men qualified as sharpshooters.
The meeting, which has been going on since
last November, will come to an end next
Friday evening

The scores:

WINNERS IN

Maler,

Va,

 

 

CLASS CUP MATCH NO. 4¢—
EXPERT CLASS.
Lance Corporal J. K. Boles, Co. 1...69 69
SHARPSHOOTER CLASS.
Private F.C. Welles, Co. F... 67) 67
NOVICE CLASS.
Sergeant C. Palmer, Co. E.. 68 65
FIRST ENTRY PRIZE
CLASS

Musician C. Dant, Co. A.. 3a 33
SHARPSHOOTER CLASS.
Private D. S. Stecie, Co. G.. 31 34 65
; NOVICE CLASS.
Private C. O. Van Buskirk, Co. F..32 33
CLASS MATCH.
ral J. K. Boles,Co.1..35 && 0
Musician C. Dant, Co. I.... 84 a e
eraean’ A. H. Fremeyer, Co. C... 34 a3
N. Cowperthwalt, veteran. a3 a3
Gis Corporal F. Wennels, Co. £..33 52
EXPERT QUALIFICATIONS.

Culman Given His “Cc.”

The athletic insignia committee at Colum
bia met yesterday and awarded the varsity
t letter to F, Culman, '12, captain of the 1911-
12 swimming team for his splendid all
around work during the season, Culman
was the only one of the swimmers who re-
ceived the “¢ the other members of the
team gulting ‘the “sct” monogram,
man was Columbia* 8 only entry
tercollegiate individual ch
was second to Shryock
in the 50 yard swiin.

Those who received the monogram were;
IL Dinklespiel,

138
134

133
WINNE-RS—EXPERT

Cul-
in the in-
ampionships and
of Pennsylvania

‘12; H. 8. Osgood, '15; J,
W. Pulleyn, °12; Wo M., Campbell, "13; T,
H. Barret, "148; H, Kottek, ‘14; E.'H.

life, 14, and EB. ‘Colby, '12, manager,

2

ce Cor
Sute Lan

 

Greek Gymnast Scores Well.

_ PHILADELPHIA, March 23.—The Univer- Delib- Rapid To-
sity of Pennsylvania gymnasts won the . erate. Fire, tal.
annual A, A. H. championship held at the | Corporal. A.C, Lumley, Co.D... 68 45 118
Athletic Club of Philadelphia to-night. Frivale Rs res! UAL “si taille -
The Pittsburg A. A. obtained second piace, SHARPS ay OV ATARIOA IONS
while Lehigh and Haverford colleges were Buskirk, Co. t 8 * &
tied tor third. Theolog Anastas, the Greek CHES IPE. CO. 23.. m *
athlete of the Pittsburg A. A. who landed

second place in the all around champion-

ships in the fOlympic games at Athena

in 1903, was the individual star of the

meet, scoring all of his club’s fifteen points.

Private C,O, Va
Sergeant G. H.

 

OFFICERS OF MOTOR BOAT MEN.

J. J. Amory Reclected President of the

National Association of Builders.

A meeting of the executive committee
of the National’ Association of Engine
and Boat Manufacturers was held at the
Erigineers Club, 32 West Fortleth street
on Friday night. Phere were present
representatives of the industry from all
parts of the country. The treasurer's re-
ports showed that the association is in a
very flourishing financial condition and
the report of Henry R. Sutphen, chairman

leas-
Mo-

 

 

Yale Contributes to Fund.

Yale is the first of the universities to con-
tribute to the fund to send the American
Olympic team to Stockholm. Walter Camp,
on behalf of the Yale University Athlete
Association, has given Julian W. Curtiss,
treasurer of the American Olympie com:
mittee a check for $400 as Yale’ '3 contribu-
tion to the Olympic fund, It is expected
that Princeton, Pennsylvania, Dartgnouth,
Cornell and Harvard will also contribute
with the other larger colleges and uni-

y of the exhibition committee, showed
versities Last and West,

ing results from the recent Nationa
tor Boat Show.

. The following officers were elected:
Trap Shooters at Greenwich. President, John J. Amory of the Gus En-

 

anrers weight Class Semi final spouts Arthur r Semeree, Sane. st
Sheridan, Trinity A. C., beat eich, Irish | Greenwic Jountry Club to-day trap | first. vice-pre

. -president, Henr R. Sutphen f
american Ac abe, Judges jpereelag. | Willan shooters competed for points for the the Electric Launch Goinpehy, Hayonne:
J. Penz, liartley House, the referee Stopping handicap prize and at the end of the | second vice-president, W. H. Mullins of

 

 

day's shoot M. B. Foster and F. C, W the W. H. Mullins Company, Salem, Ohto;
proceedin hy ata hs testes were tied with 18%, points each, S walt third vice-president, Charles A. Criqut of
. ® © being next with points, Next Suatur-|the Sterling Bngine Company, Buffalo;
BROWNS IN OLD TIME FORM day is the last day for this event. treasurer, James Craig, Jersey City,
°
' Sraeaennpae et Columbia Goes to Carnival. Melrose Too Fast for New Rochelle.
Bailey and Mitchell Allow 15 Runs in} Columbia will send its gymnasium and Boston, Mass. March 23.—The New

Two Innings.

‘Mostoomeny, Ala,, March 28.—Mont-
goméry's Southern Association team de-
feated the St, Louis Browns here this after-
noun in a seven inning game, score 16 to 10,
Pitcher Bill Bailey blew up in the third
inning,. when nine locals scored on four
hits, five walks, a hit batsman and a sacri-
fee. Mitchell pitched the succeeding three
innings for St. Louls and gave Montgomery
»ik nore mupA in the fra round, all opposing
batsmen walloping his shoots and running
erpund the bases until weary.
»- Becond Baseman Pratt again starred
for St. Louis, getting three corking hits
in four tries, one a triple, stealing a base
and scoring three times.

a

Rochelle High School hockey team proved
easy for Melrose High to-day, the local
boys winning the interstate game at the
arena by the score of 13 to 0. The New
Yorkers played their best game the first

f After that

wrestling teams to an indoor carnival and
circus to be held at the University of Penn-
sylvania next Friday night, he carnival
is for the benefit of the general hospitals
in Philadelphia and is an annual affair
at. Pennsylvania, although this is the first
yeer that any outside institution has been
nvited to send .. vresentatives

four or five minutes of play.
they seemed to tlre and were kept on
the. defensive throughout the game, Mel-
rose scored six goals In the first period,

 

 

 

Brown and Erne May Box Again.

If they can agree upon weight, K. O.
Brown and Young Erne, the Philadelphia
lightweight, will box ten rounds at the
Madison A. ©, on April 19. Brown insists
upon 133 pounds at 6 o'clock, while Erne,
asks for 185 at the same hour, A week
ago Brown bested Erne in six rounds at a

Crane Wins Montclalr Shoot,
Monrevair, N. J., March 28,—The sixth
leg of the spring trophy was contested
for on the grounds of the Montclair Gun

Club this afternoon and was won by I,
Seymour Crane,

BO oe ln and Power Company and Charles L,
23.—At the : & Co., Consolidated, Morris Heights;

The scores:

 

Thiladelphia club, First Round--I, S, Crane, 6, 23; E, Winslow
The score; aii le, 19:9. ©. Atwater, & 1: 1. S. Crane, dr. 10 £3 18 '
: o. Secon und—{, TADe. t y
St bonis... 2 6 1 2 1 0 O10 16 6 Boxing Bouts Last Night. 6, 21; E. Winslow, @, 21; 1. S: Grane, Jr,, 10,19.
f Ma ttarieee at. Louls, hailey ana tiesneih At Royale A. ©, Brooklyn—Black Ben
ad Krichel! and Stephens; Montgomery, | knocked out Bob Lee in the third round. Will Not Fight Holy Week.

adler, M Smith and MeMurray

Young Ahearn Stops Kelly.

Young Ahearn ensily defeated Jimmy
Keily in the star bout of ten rounds at the
Vairmont A. (. last night) Ahearn beat
Welly a0 badly that. the referee stopped the

bout when the gong sounded t
the b whe ) the Bi 6 sounded to commence

At Irving A. ©., Brooklyn-—Brooklyn 4
Panny Rich outpointed Frankie Hufnagle. Cuicaco, March 23.--Declaring that he
At Long Acre- Young Kid Broad out. | Would not fight'during Holy Week Packw
pointed Joe Madden Nasasit) McFarland to-night refused to ineet Boston
1OWAaNUS rooklyn -Kid Brown | Kddie Murphy in the ring at Ken
knocked out Jack Williams’ in the second widle , ° pri iP "An offer of $2.5 500 to eoceb ty
round heya ae him inelore he stepped into the ring failed

pointed 4 Eddie Keil 10,1nOv 8 Nhe NEDLeT as | 0 | mouldu’t fight,»

f th , wee $
od Dave as “he and'Manager y ;

Smith out-

:—Frankie Nelson gut-

Dave Mortis, Poot,

0 2 cancel

a

THE SUN, saci asaitammsssmuzaasassassaaaasitsessiasiagn A tidiee a eri ee ent artesranaeataeaemaani nesses jesmaaiate

Sa moe CANMDIAN HOCKEY

_——

\

of | teams,

MARCH 24, 1912.

Sac eu eo CAD HOCKEY cum seme ror CYCLIST GOODWINS, |
TRIPLE VICTORY

dell in Charge—Rowing Outlook.
Camsninos, Mass, March 28.—Capt.

Percy Wendell of the Harvard varsity ex |

football team for 1913 has called out es '

his candidates for three weeks spring| Vanden Dries Defeated in Special |

practice on Soldiers Field beginning Mon-
day. Wendell himself wil) take active Race in Thirteenth Regi-
ment ner

   

 

charge of the squad, which is expected
to comprise mostly players who have
had no experience with the varsity.

At the same time, however, many of the
veterans will be urged to come out, for
considerable, work is outlined on plays
and formations, and as last year it is
likely that there will be scrimmage work
during the last week of the practice.

Realizing that the rush line problem
will be greater even than a year ago,
Wendell has canvassed the college thor-
oughly for big men. Both Leslie and ex-
Capt. Fisher, the two varsity guards last
year, will be graduated this apring, as
will Parmenter, who played centre tn the
Yale game. Bud Smith, Harvard's best
end, also {8 a 1912 man, and so is Hunt-
ington, who played centre and fullback
on Fisher's team last fall.

This leaves Storer, centre on the fresh-
man team two years ago, and who was at
feft tackle; against Yale Hitchcock, the
right tackle, and Felton, the right end, as

 

TAME ENDING TO FEATURE

 

Picard Deprived of Sack Race Record
Through Mistake in *
Timing.

 

The Thirteenth Artillery district held its
thirty-elghth games in the armory in|
Brooklyn last night, the event to create:
the biggest etir being a two mile mateh |
cycle race between Goodwin and Vanden |
Dries, rivals for the indoor wheeling crown. |
instead of being a real sensation the con-
test fizzled lamentably, for Goodwin finished
alone in 6 minutes 48 seconds. The men;
crept along for about forty yards when
Goodwin jumped off and gained a etart
of about fifteen yards on his opponent.

They skimmed around the boards at 4
the only remaining veteran rush line great clip with Goodwin holding the ad-
material, although O'Brien, who played] vantage, but when two laps had been cov-

left end, against Princeton, will be] cred anden Driestook a header and the
counted a regular in the fall.

Felton, however, is the only forward
who has played varsity football more
than one year, so that the spring work
will take on unusual importance because
of tho necessity for finding the material
from which to build a Ine next Septem-
ber

Perey Haughton, Harvard's head coach,
who will be at Cambridge at least another
season, apparently is satisfied that the
revised football rules will in no way han-

dicap Harvard's style of play. Harvard{ figures which wiped away the previous
has made as much of a running attack) army reoord B eases 23 8-5 seconds, to

contest ended. |
without pushing or pulling as has any | the credit of Raleigh since 1904,
other hig oollewe team, and for next fall, L.. Picano, 3 “member of the regimental

Half an hour afterward Goodwin showed
in the two mile cycie handicap, closed,
which he won in 4 minutes 53 1-5 seconds.
These figures created a new armory reco
The old mark was 4 minutes 56 1-5 secon
made by Oscar Goerke at the fall games
of 1004,

As a sort of canter to the
oodwin waxed
o

rollminaty
matoh with Vanden Dries, G
in the mile handicap, which was closed
members of the hirteenth. from. the
moment the gun sent the half dozen riders
away Goodwin cut out a nice even pace and
shaved the turns without losingan inch. He
won comfortably in 2 minutes 23 seconds,

Ls ’ in time
at least, the Crimson is provided with a] band, won the 176 yard sack, race |
Kicker ih Felton who will be able to hold | 4nmouncad to be 35 4-5 seconds, | Evidently
his own againet any other college punter, ; There was a om stake — re Had

This spring there should be plenty of privato timer made it ae te ara 8. spate
backfield. material and a few good men | this peg ine offic Tae re Soot: ue
for the line. However, the best freshman | new tary Athietic League reco

irteenth said it was a
football players are now engaging in track | ™Member of the ‘Th ,
Work or baschall, which also is true of! record, but the result had to stand as an

Felton and Hitchcock, who are with the nounced. The summaries:
varsity 100 Yard Run, Novice,
No change has J. L. Leech, Second oe ane

a; Bub. ‘Tweltth
football coaching staff this spring, but the | Second Company, secon: »
two W rithington brothers when fi Company, third. Time, " i: ‘8 acconds.

aughton | “One Mile Bicycle, Handicap, Closed—Won
and leary will the old Harvard | », s Rastela. First Company, scratch;
players on the field.

William Miller, Seventh: Company, 76 yards,
The twenty-four inches of ico that filled Mhodes, First Company, 100 yards,
the Charles River all winter has broken new
up sufficiently to allow the Harvard var-
sity and fresiim.n crews to do a little real
rowing {n the vicinity of the Harvard
boathouses, Tt will be a week or ten days
before the oarsmen will have much of a
stretch for, their spring work, but the
w
crews

 
 
 

Closed-—Won by
A._ Veith,

   

baseball squad.
yeen announced in the

   
   
 
  

  

be

second; A
third. Time, 2 minutes 23 seconds.
armory record
100 Yard Run, Handicap, Closed—Won by
H. Hushon, Second Compan di
Allan Pinkerton, Fifth Compan’
second; R, C
yards, third.
One Mile Run,

over sr “ R. Plaut,

  
     
   
   
 
  

 

  

6% yards,

Tenth Company, 7
101-6 seconds.
Closed—Won
$5 yards:
10 yarde,
bo

Goldiman,
Time,
Handicap,
Fifth Company,
Fitth Company,
Fifth Com
4 minutes

the time that
row

be ready by
prepared to

courses
the
them.
The rowing committee, as well as the
Harvard oarsmen themselves, are tak-
ing this year’s two mile race against
Cornell more seriously than usual, for, al-/}C. Tewan,
though Harvard has beaten Yale at New Valentine,

London regularly for the past few years, | S$. J. Riley, Fifth Company,
Time, 601-5 seconde.
Three Legged Race, 100 Yards,

are Riley,

second; J. Meeks,, oF .
yards, third. Time, 3-5 sec
onds.

440 Yard Run, Handicap, Closed—Won by
28 yards; D.
ards, second;
2 yards, third.

 

First Company
First Company,

 

the races against the Ithacans have gone
the ather war Harvard hae lost in ita

last three races with the Cornell crew.

TWO GAMES FOR P. S.

Manhattan Basketball Players Trim P. S .

Handicap

 

 

Faber, Sixth Company, 7 yards, third.
Time, 111-5 seconds.

220 Yard Hurdles, Handicap, Closed—Won

 

YALE TEAM IS ELIMINATED

Harvard and Cornell and Penn Men

one bout out of twenty-seven the mid-
shipmen foilsmen were to-day easy win-
ners of the-preliminary of the Intercol-

Columbia secured eight victories and suf-
fered nineteen defeats,

   

  

Sundays, March 24, 31; April 7, 14, 21, 28

THIS {S YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO

See Long Island

SELECT A SUMMER OR PERMANENT HOME

among the hills on the Sound shore; along the ocean shore on the
south, or in the beautiful and picturesque central section.

One-Way Fare for the Round Trip

Jn the above dates special tickets will be sold to Lon
points, east of Flushin ng and Jamaica, including the fa:
Rockaway Branch, for all trains from 8:00 A. ng Qin
good to return on any train on day of sale.

  

laiar¢

 
  
  

    
       

.M.,

Trains jeave Peansyivanta Station. 824 St. & Ith Ave.,
N. ¥., also from Brooklyn (Fiatbash Ave, Station),
the terminus of the N. ¥. Subway

 

ALL STAR HOCKEY TEAM.

 

NAVY AND ARMY LADS
EXCEL AT FENCING

Only One Midshipman and One
Dadet Lose in Intercollegiate
Preliminaries.

ayers Who Have Done Well in the

Winter Tournament.

Five amateur teams of seven players
each took part in the tournament of the
Amateur Hockey League and after a close
series of games the Crescent Attiletic
Club seven won after a tie. with the
Wanderers. The Crescent team is largely
composed of men who have been playing
the game for many years. Wall, Dobby,
Lifiton and Shirreff are veterans at the
game, and Kennedy is no youngster. That
these men should have won again and
secured permanent possession of the cup
was rather surprising and more so when
it 1s considered that they played against
much younger players, some of whom are
fresh from Canada, where they learn to
skate and play hockey as soon as they

stand. In picking the seven best

 

 

 

Also Show Ability With
the Foils.

 

players of the season naturally the Cres-
cent men will figure prominently, not 50
much perhaps because’ of their dash and
brilllancy of play but because of thet:
coolness, good judgment and thorough
KnOWledgo Of the samc.

At goal four players did Rood work
+ Wasi-

Ware

Voods

ANNAPOLIS, Md., March 23,—Losing only

t.

 

iewiaie Fencing -Assvviatiiun iourpjia

Dr. Mills played for the Crescents
burn, formerly of Columbia and_
vard, for the St. Nicholas team:
for the New York A. C. and Bilisor:

while Princeton, At the end of the «

 

the Wanderers.

by J. M.. Ross, First Company, scratch: | whtch waa not certain of bringing a team | #)}i tired and Mitchell took his pia’
177 of Brooklyn. . oy : , , . son retired and Mitch ook his pia
; : a. idee oe os oo eee etn company fommeny, “io | until the last moment won five bouts and | In one game—the recond againat thie (-z-
Both senior and juntor games of the | irda, third, Time, 872-5 seconds. lost. twenty-two. Pare LOR rao natieatina” dankant>
evening recreation centre basketball |" sack Race, 176 Yards, Cloned —Won nby The excellent showing of the Navy | ', Piece Fe en ee ee arn
t nshin went to Public School 188}. Picard, Band Murphy, Woods showed up strongiy and 1
Deets 4 Sigty i Company, second: @ Cask Ei Ken Sos: team to-day ‘has strengthened the belicé | jiso played well, but the best work :
of Manhattan ay the Sixts -ninth Regiment pany, third. Time, 35 4-5 seconds. z of its friends that it has an excellent }done by Mills and Washburn. ait 1
Armory last night. The loser in each case} Obstacle Race, 220 Yarde, Siesed—Won chance to win the championship this year. | has a bad habit of dropping to his kr s
wan Public Gohool 117, Brooklyn Nelthe®] bye, aE oeapte nesond ie Sivung: | Mecimaer and Dodd won all of thee Houts | Tome exorte think that he ie wat ac a
“ollins, mpany, secon . . , 3 some experts thin 1a eis ne sre
the junfors nor the seniors had to exert) ahirg Company, third. Time, 1 minute Bpdadbent Srope:s fay, One uNorthrup | s een aN He ele aia ta rae el

themselves greatly to win but the heavy-
weight team of Public School 177 made .
stronger defence than the juniors and kept
the score down to 20 to 8 by close guarding
The points in the junior game were 43 to 12. z 1 i
The playing in both matches was snappy | 7 area Feu Gomakie tt casaer by
and at times bordered on the limit of legal | Hirshon, Second Company, 6 yards, second;
tactics. R. Veith, Second Company, 12 yards, third.

Time, 22.4-5 seconds.

600 Yard Run, Novice, Closed—Won_ by
H. Sain, First Company; A. L. FAS, Sec.
‘enth

ond Company, second; W.
Company, 231-5

third.

seconds.

Two Mile Bicycle Match Race—Won by E.
Goodwin, hirteenth Artillery
Vanden Dries,

finish.

11 2-6 seconds.
880 Yard Run, Handicap, Closeea—Won by
20 yards; J.

8. J Busy, Fifth Company,
ite 20 yards, second;

Buesley, h Company,
F. J. Gardner, Fifth Company, 18 yards,
third. Time, 1 minute 681-5 seconds.

While the basketball games were being
played the broad and high jumps, juniorand
senior, of the recreation centre champion-
ships were decided. They will count with
the scores of the other events which will
be held at the annual meet on May 4. W. H
Nice of the High Schoo! of Commerce centre | \-
took the prize in the senior high jump by 4
topping the bar at 5 feet 6 inches

he summaries:

Horning,

Time, 1 - minute

District;
Seventy-first Regiment,
did not Time,

onds

& minutes 43° sec-

Wall Scaling—Won by First Company,

   

"The record

and Vanbuskirk of Pennsylvania won five

| Epeuned in thts work of Mills.
bouts each.

of the two players shows that 22) ©
were scored against Mills and 35

«

   

The teams were:

  

Vv hia

Naval Academy—Larimer, Broadbent and jie eke vt a at * .

. es point wo players stand ou
vate Dalsheimer, McPherson and having doné good work, Brown at ‘the
Colum bia—Jagendorf, Clough and North- | Cresvents and Goodwin of the New York:
ru |Goodwin played. a fast, aggressive giny:
Princeton—Gardiner, Dawes and Wensley, (und was able to feed the line well ond
West Point, N. Y.. March 23.-—The | Attack as well.as any of the forwards

and he js selected for the star team).

At coverpoint Wall is in a class by him-
self. In spite of his age he is a wonder
both at defence and attack and ag
largely responsible for the success of the
, Crescent team. Kennedy of the Crescents
is good here and Leak of the St. Nicholas
team played coverpoint well, but was not
even throughout the season. Kennedy fs

intercollegiate fencing tournament at |
West Poiht ‘was held to-day and nearly |
the entite corps of cadets assembled on
the main floor of the gymnasiain.

‘Ihe Army's prospect of winning the tIn-
tercollegiate fencing championeship
came very Dright ne

be-
winning twenty-six |
bouts and only losin, Yale is elimin- |

ated, winning only 5

one.
x out of twenty-seven

JUNIOR GAME with ¥. Martin and F. Maloney; Tenth Cont- bouts. Ranson of Yale had the distinc- | better thin Leake. : *
P. 8, 188, Man Positions P S$ 11%, Bklyn. | pany, second, with G. Simonson and E.|tlon of being the only man to win @ bout | The cholee for rover. lies between Bul-
Wolkenfeld.....Left forward...... “\falone | Edgerton; the Band, third, with P. Hol from the Army. Wilbur and Helnman on | &eh. Shirreff and Fellowes-Morgan. Bulge:
PBK vviens na es Right forward... ‘'Strause | Baldwin and T. M. Harvey, Jr. Time. 44/the Army team showed splendid train- | of the Wanderers played steadily ane
Wallman «ee. Centre ......Faseullo | seconds, ing as well as great natural akill. Hein-, consistently. He has not the speed of Shir-
Hoffman.. -Left guard... wees Beatt Two Mile Bicycle, Handicap, Closed—Won | inan in particular participated in the | reff and is not as spectacular a playe:
Horwlts Right guard...... Margolles | by E. Goodwin, First. Company, scratch: | greatest number of bouts without a single | but Shirreff weakens his team through

Score—P. 8. 1588, Manhattan, 43; P. 8.
Brooklyn, 12 Goals from finld—-Margolies,
Faseullo, Malone, Seatt,
Tichinsky, 8, Hoffman,
tenberg. Goals from foul—Faseullo; Wolken-
feld, 5. Subastitute—Tichineky for Dick. Ref-
eree—Shoenlg. Time of halves—-15 minutes.

SENIOR GAME.

117, |W. Muller,
second; C.
Time,
armory

Seventh Company,
Hausenbauer, 75 yards,
4 minutes 631-5 seconds.
record.

150 yards,
third.
Wolkenfeld, 8; A new

Wallman, 4; Et-

 

 

 

 

SHOOTER DALY IN FORM.

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

     

—Won vy: J. Ai. Rues, Firei Cuiipeny, ana }

Fee ee eee eo any, ae cA. | The University of Pennsylvania also quall-
188. Stearns, Third Company, 4 vards, second; fled for the finals in New York next week,

W. E. Stoney, Second Company, and F.{ winning fifteen and losing twelve bouts.

loafing offside so much and séveral times
suring, the soenon, he wes penatesd for
was pe 8s the | this offence. Fellowes-Morgan played well,
oe parnen its | but hardly as well as Bulger or Shirreff
aund was somewhat erratle in his plas
Bulger should make the first teum and
hirreff the second,

OBS
woonis of Harvard pected cleverly,

while James of Cornel

best fencer on his team.

participated In/the meet were as follows:
Rayner and Wilbur ;

O'Connor and Sibert; |

Army-—Heinman,
Cornell—James,

 

om ee . ; | At centre one player stands out promi-
Pp. 5. 188, Man. Positions =P. 8, 117, Bklyn. | He Wins Committee: Cup and Other Garvardan Soya, ou arene jnently, Liffiton of the Crescents He played
Tilner.....se0. Left forward......... Binney The bouts won were as follows: Army | this year almost up to bis best form and
ae ttorapial >. RIGHY forward. teens sre une Prizes at Essex County. 9, Cornell 0; Army %, Harvard 0; Army in the last game, which decided the chainr-
eo | Raphael. .....- tet guard... sg Rven | West Oranos, N. J., March 23.—C. H. feosere tS: Cornell 7, Yale 2 : Cornell 6, Bethe Rew. York Ree hid eri durine the
hears. a eee hatcaty 20: BP. per Daly won the 100 target neosiens les F peasan and Britton, toa, * the cane
Brooklyn, §& Goals from field—Satterspiel, ,for the committce cup this afternoon at 9 TEND | Club was a good man: of these two Brit-
2; Silverstein, 5; Tilzer; Krauss, 2. Goals the traps of the Essex County Country WON’T EX ND JUAREZ MEET. | on pvrobably! did the better work, He
from foul—Tilzer, 4; Binney, 4. Referee—] (ub and he also won a majority of the would be a valuable man on aty gvod
Shoenig. Time of halves-—15 minutes. other events of the afternoon, Mr. Daly | pg Matt wien Ref Re hee OR ic ee proper support.
Standing Broad Sump. Juntor—Won by P. hoots at scratch in every event Th anuger Ma nn Refuses questof, <At left wing, xs the positions were
Bernstein, P. S. 84, ®ith a jump of ® feet & | Shoots ‘ y it, a a ‘ | played this year, Peabody was the best
a hea; Mt. Warsc efaky, P. 8S. 62, second, ER ee wee not as large as usual. Patrons—Racing Ends Toeday. mun. Dobby’ plaved in the early part of
with a jump of 9 feet 4% inches; L. Reiner, . } . 3.—-P: i the vear and rel. 7 ny é
RP. 8S. 147, Uhird, with a jump of 9 feet 1 Committee Cu 100 targets, ea | JUAREZ, Mex: March 23.—-Promine. his Reatownh ae ithe Hak he hes a
inch; L, ‘Syrkin. P. 8. 2% fourth, with a} Daly, scratch, 88; James A. Hart, acratch, | people of El Paso and Juarez to-day asked | yjs speed and cannot hold his own with
jump of 4 feet 11 inches. §1; B. M. Shanley. Jr. scratch, 86; I. ae Col. Matt’ Winn, general manager of the the vounger layers, At right wi ; Me-
Standing Broad Jump, Senior—Won by J. Taylor, 24—80; eter Hauck, J 1 Juarez track, to extend the present 1 t- | Grath > th AS Iv re & ~ ne,
J. Froelich, P. 8. 117, with a Jump of 9 feet |L. H, Ross, 24—87; A. O. Headley, 16— u De | CO LNOE HEA: WER GE nlayer of ime
9% inches; J. Spendler, P. 8. 117, second, March Cup—Twenty-five targets, 18. tine until April 1, instead of closing to- | hortinuo, @ Was the star of the Wan-

with a jump of % feet 4% inches; F. Thomas, |-—Daly, scratch, 23; Hart, scratch, 19; Shan-

P. S. 178, third, with a jump of 9 feet'2 | léy, scratch, 21; Taylor, 6—~-16; Hauck,

inches; F. Rudernack, P. 8. 42, fourth, with [4—17; Ross, 719; Headley, 4—-18.

a jump of & feet 11 Inches, Heller Trophy—Twenty-five targets, han-
Running High Jump, Junlor—Won by J. |@icap—Daly, scratch, 23; Hart, scratch, 17; |

©. Handsome, High School of Commerce, | Shanley ,scratch, 24; Taylor, é—18; Hauck.

with a jump of 5 feet; F. Carroll, Boys High |4--17; Ross, 7—24; Headley, 4—17; Roland

School, second, with a jump of 4 feet 11) Ross, 8—18

inches; L. Syrkin, P. 8, 23; B. Metalitz, P. 8, | Shanley, soratch, 24; Taylor 6—-18; Hauck,

84, and J. Johnson, P. 8. 158, tled for third | 13; Hart, Shanley, Taylor, 87 Hauck,

place with 4 feet 10 inches, 7; Ross, 12: Headley, 4s: ‘Roland Ross, 12.

Running High Jump, Senior—-Won by W.
Rice, High School of Commerce, with a
jump of 5 feet 6 inches; F. Thomas, FP. 8,
179, second, with aejump of 5 feet 4 inches;
K. Swansea, P. 8. 62, third, with a jump of 6

Shootoff—Daly beat Headley 12 to 10.
Early Bird—Twenty-five targets,
-——Daly, scratch, 22; Hart, scratch, 3
ley, serate h, 21; Taylor, 6—24; Hauck, 4—-20; {
Ross, 7-24; Headley, 4—2

 

 

 

feet 3 inches; J. Glass, P. 8S. 62, and W. Fer- Shootoff won by Ross with 23.
guson, P. 8. 179, fourth, with 6 feet 1 inch. Saturday Cup-—Twenty-five. targets, han-
dicap—Daly, seratch, 20; Hart, scratch, 19;
auck,

Shanley, scratch, 20; Taylor, 6—20;
4—18; Ross, 7-20; Headley, 4-18.
Shotoff won by Daly with 23.

COURSE FOR MOTOR BOAT RACES.

Next International Event to Be Decided
Somewhere Near the City.

The board of governors of the Motor
Boat Club of America at a meeting yester-
day discussed the course for the next race ;
for the British International trophy for
motor boats and decided that the races
should be in waters as near the city as
possible, but although several were dis-
cussed none was selected . The last
races were at Huntington and this is |
being considered as the best available
place again.

Commodore H. H. Melville presided at
the meeting and the challenge of the Sus-
sex Motor Yacht Club, which was made
through the Royal Motor Yacht Club, was}
formally accepted. Commodore Melville |
made the announcement that six Ameri-
can defenders are being bullt already,
which will take part in the eliminating
rages held for the purpose of selecting the

 

HARD EARNED SOCCER VICTORY.

West Hudsons Score It in Extra Periods
After Two Drawn Games.

PHILADELPHIA, March 23.—-After play-
ing two extra fifteen minute periods at
soccer, the West Hudsons of Harrison,
N. J., eliminated the Victors of this city
by the score of 1—9% in the semi-final
round of the American cup competition
at Tacony to-day.

This was the third meeting between the
When the pair met in their initial
contest in this city three weeks ago the
result was 1—1; the following week they
battled on the Hudson's grounds and the
result was again even, 3—-3. The teams
played a hard game to-day and when
the full ninety minutes had been tolled
off neither side had troubled the scorers,
In the extra periods the Hudsons tallied
their first_and final count from the foot
of Capt. Carter, after Will Robinson had
missed a kick in close proximity to his
goal. The winning shot was low and did
not give Goalkeeper Pearce the semblance
of a chance of stopping the ball.

The lineup:

 

 

 

 

 

 

West Hudson Posl tions. Vietors. three ATpOrean Lopresentatives,

akeley.. . re re One o se is the Co .
McAllister. Right fullback ..,...W, Robinson hydroplane built by the “Biectee’ Uaunon
Wilson... 1 Meee fullnack. « Kirkpatrick Company for A. LE. Smith, Three boats
peray es ‘Sohive halfback. J. Gaynor will represent the British and there is a
Lawson... . Lett halfback... "McGraw | !kelihood of three French boats coming.
McHolland.. Outside right..... Swartz

knowles. Inside right...,,...J, Robinson

Tate ...... Centre forward, ...Wright| Morgan Best Bergen Beach Shooter.
Cooper, .. Inside left. Newton .

Garter... Outside left . 7T. Gaynor One of the largest shoots of the year

Score—West Hudsons, 1; Victors, 0. Goal
for West Hudsons: Carter, Heferee-—Burnside,
Brooklyn, Linesmen--Ben Groves and James
Walders, Pennsylvania League. ‘lime of halves

AS minutes,

was held at the Jamaica Bay traps of

the Bergen Beach Gun club, yesterday.
The event was a siiding distance gear:
cap at 100 targeta and it brought twenty-
one gunners to the fring line. The day
was anything but ide for the sport
and as a result the scores were not par-
ticularly high. The winner was R. Mor-
gan, who broke 84 targets.

 

Broke His Leg and Was Suspended.
Joseph Hamilton, who was placed on the
ineligible Hst by the New York Ameri- The scores:
can League club for failing to report last} | Sliding Distanee, Handicap--100 target I n.

eur, has been restored to good standing Morea. 4; G, Kelley, 3; 63, Remeon, TY
y the National Commission, Hamilton Vv, ay am, 74; W i Huiduaare’’? 71;

 

redler 1; Keller ve
was unable to play se of a broken t : ge bec ; ne Ht
. President Farrell wine local club BE Mat
i players’ application. katy i

j two

morrow. Col, Winn could not see his | Corere ined outplayed any one who wert
y clear to grant this request. j, OFA Nat Him,
“" na htohanian have been. Tr ihe past | The all star and the second team then,

as figured out, would be:

weeks shipping their horses away Viret Team Position bia deneat Stig
7 "eg? . Tt Pairs ea 8 is. OOO i"
cram, here, making racing materfal very | Milla C. A.C, Goal v asuburn, St HN
° at | Rrown, ©. ALC.. ‘oint Gioodwin,
The summaries : ‘Wall, CAG, Governaini. Kennedy CWE
First Race -One mile—Port Arlington, 109) Ruleer, WLC... |. Rever Shirre?, Cc. A.C
(Buxton), 20 to 1, won; George Guyton, lo Lifiten, ©. A.C... Centre Britton, H. ©
(Grand), 5 to 4, for place, second; Sam Harber | Peabody, N.Y.A.C. Left wing. Harmon, W. H.C
110 (Murray), 4 too toshow, third, Thme, t:4t4-4'| MeGrath, WALC.. N

Richt wing. Frazer-C’pb L$!

EXTENDS CHARLESTON MEET.

J. Pons Adds Another Day's Racing for
Carolina Turfmen.

Rampant, Heart's Relief, Fort Johnson,
;3.. Harlem Maid, The veer,
Franks also ran.

Second Race—Stx furlongs--Rompie, 105 (Hoff
man), & to 1, won; Boana, 105 (Grand), 2 to 1 for
place, second; Pleasing. 108 (Hill), 5 to 2 to show, | F,
third. ‘Time, 1:15. fapleton, C,H. Patten,
Pacitico, New Capital, Coppers, Antigo and
Autumn, Rose also ran.

Dottie
Rubinon and ‘om

 

100 ee, ae apie ond a half fortongs Dudo, CHARLESTON, S. €(., March 23.—F 1
erls), 2 to 1, won; Tourist, 12 (Grand), -day rially }
out, second; Manasseh, 105 (Burlingame), 3 vo | Pons to-day officially announced that the
to show, third. Time, 2:08. Acquin, Hardy and | Tace meeting would close April 20 in-

Mary Emily also ran, stead of April 19, as first announced

 

  

 

Fourth Rece—Stx furlongs—J. H. Reed, 10)
(Buxton), 9 to 9, won: Hob Lynch, te tis, |. The stewards fined John Bryan $10?
& to 5 for place, second; Eye White, 110 (hederisy, | for intimidation and using bad languare
4 1D Pn, SONS anird. ‘Tine, 113 3-5, Jobn to Frank Krisbie yesterday when the
Fite “Race—Six_ furlongs—Kid North, ing latter bid Tertis up. MeTaggart © 6s
(Hoffman), 3 to 2, won; Marsand, 103 (Buxton), (| ens ded for the remaluder of the meet
4 to 5 for place, second; Ramsy, 108 (Grand), | ng for rough riding,

1 to 3 to snow, third. ‘Time, tid 15, Melts, | The summeries;
| Deve angniconery. celen, Hawkios, Emma G.,' First Race-Vour tuvlongs Chuiatnaas Star 107
rr 8 also ran. (Wilson), even, won: Yermasse, 114 (McTaccar!)
Sixth Race-—Five and @ half furlongs--Manda.- | 3 to 1 for place, second; Fthelbure 1Y., 119 (Shir
dero, 112 (Buxton), 2 to 1, won; Isom, 103 Gioha- | vin). out, third. Time, 0:50, Miss Edith, Maric

son), even for plac ¢. second; Secrete, 10 (bur. T.. Pretty Molly and Pthel Gray also ran

ingame), 3 to 1 to show, third, ‘Time, 1:07 1-5.| Second Pace Six ft rlangs--flvetioneer, 120
Krror, Git, Dog Star and Hazel ©. also ran. ; Jensen), 6 to 1, won: Cracker Box, 10b (Skirvio!,
\& to % for place, second: Suffragist, 120 ‘Arvce
nto 5 to now third, Time, 11645, Dilato:
YOUNG SHOOTER AIMS STRAIGHT. | Babler, J. H. Rare and Sager also ran 7,
eee Third Raee -Six” furlongs Union Jack, 0
. | (Purner), 4.to 1, won: Royal Captive, ta My
Ten-Year-Old Philip Wakeley Surprises aczart), 2 to | for place, seeord; Sireget, 1
. fRButwell, 7 to 5) to show, third, ‘The. | ”
Orange Gun Club Members. | Leis, Monteatm, Ragman, Camel, King Ol”
ORANGE, N. J., March 23.—One of the | Pen, Riharl see Conre ya eh dian, "9
youngest trapshooters in Essex county | (Koerner), 6 to 5, Won; Helen Barhee, 108 (Bo!
made his debut yesterday afternoon at vals FO eee eran it My wane
« nm ‘

the traps of the Orange Gun Club when | | 1:16, Isidora, Trance and Capsize also ran
'he tried his hand for the first time at | Fifth Raced Ove mile and » ois te aM MP
Ae a? the clay birds. He is ten- [1 Hhoarnee), 2 ate anand ts cute Ito chor
year-old Philip Wakeley, son of Dr, | avthe), 8 to 5, to show, third, Time, 1149
eorge W. Wakeley, > . ) , | Judwe Monek, Sir Cleges and Reaucoup also re”
Georg akeley, a member of the, Siath Rare_-Five end a. half furiongs-- Maga
club, He brought down three out of ten j zine, 112 (Hopkins), 1 to’ 2, won; Gagnant wv
targets as a record for the afternoon and (Rowley), 30 to 1, for place, second; Caniian

won tha applause of the nfOre seasoned thivd, Tine.
tra shoctere Philip used a brand Kner (1:10, Prince Industry, Chilton Aqusw Carroll
little wun, which had been presented to | Cooney Ik Fells and Descendant lsd hati.

hin by his father, the day being his birth- | parkview, 107 (Koerner), 2 to 1, won: Navabl\
ay Lad, 108 (Peak), 4 to 1 for place, second; Mon!
The principal event of the afternoon was Komery 107? (Forsythe), 4 to 5 to show, third
® leg on the Unger cup, which was won| Time, 1404-5. Miss Sonat 3 ‘Long Hand, Cully

Ernest Von Lenxerke, with a score of | bunk, Seml Quaver, Henry Hutehins

Bravo, 9 (Martin), 1 to 2 to show,

 

 

 

 

‘ out of 60. ‘The other scores in the | Golden Butterfly, Agnar and Teddy Boar also ra:
event were Thomas Dukes, 41; Herman |

Von lengerke, 40; Dr, I W. Lockwood, |

39; Wakeley, 34; Abram Mosler, 38: Hockey Title for Intercolonials.

Frank R. Wickes, 38 |
Dukes won a leg on the secretary's cup, |
which is shot in 60 targets, the second 35 |

Bosvox, March 2. The Intercolon +!
| hockey team won the State champions!

3% gun | pergw She shouider, ee arore was |to-night by defeating the Boston \ \
out of © others were H, V . ° 1 ly ane
ngerke BY; Lonbmgnd, S17 Wakelin [seyehias 22. rap mame was a lively fi,

Mosler, 86; K. Von Lengerke, 37: r "a, contest was the the fourth and last of