i
}

ae

A

 

   

GIANTS REUNITED FOR
A DAY AT DALLAS;

Regulars and Recruits to Part)
Again To-night for the
March North.

RAIN PREVENTS TWO GAMES :

Luby Will Be Released Outright, While |
Nohowel May Go to N. Y.
State League.

 

Mar.as, Tex., March 23.—The last party
from Marlin arrived here early this morn-
ing and the whole squad é now reunited
at the Oriental Hotel. Fifty-five visitors |
are noticeable in a city the size of this
one, especially when the visitors flock to |
eee the Giants. |

One New York team was scheduled to
play here this afternoon and another in
Fort Worth, but both games were can-
celled on account of rain. Games will be
played in both these cities to-morrow ff
the weather permits

The regulars and recruits
here to-morrow night, but they
ferent routes and will not see each other
again until they meet in Washington,
Luby and Nohowel have now decided not
to leave until to-morrow. Luby will be
released outright. Many clubs in this
vicinity would be glad to get him, but he
signed at a higher salary than they are
willing to pay. Nohowel may
New York State League.

Pierce, Evans and Ferrell are the only
tchers now assigned to the recruits, but

cGraw will undoubtedly supplement this
box staff. Munsell has gone to his home for
a short visit and will join one of the
teams en route.

Two weeks from to-day
open at the Polo Grounds.
City club will be their opponents on that
occasion and it is probable that Gotham
fans will on that day have an opportunity
to look over some of the recruits.

‘ exachenacneneenenieectormenenee

NO GAMES FOR HILLMEN.

Pitchers
Chase Dons a New Walstcoat.

ALANgA, Ga., March 23.—Instead of the
Highlanders playing two games out of
town to-day, they didn't play any. The
first team did not go to Athens and the
second did not go to Anniston. The
weather was the reason. It was raining
and cold this morning, and word was re-
ceived from both places that !t wasn't
worth while going over. The players had
arisen at 6 o'clock to catch early trains,
but they weren't at all disappointed when
told ther had got up with the lark
for nothing, being rather pleased to es-
ca the trips.

The men, however, missed a game and
they are short in practice of that sort.
The Phillies were to have played here
to-day, but the weather kept them away
and the New Yorks had the fleld all to
themselves. They did some work in the

ernoon, just enough to keep limbered
up as the air was too raw for them to let

 

both leave

play dlft-

the

go to

the Giants will
The Jersey

Show Their Speed and Hal

sue
out.

The whole pitching staff except Clark

gand Shears, both nursing sore arms, lined

up for business and came nearer to hard
exertion than any of the rest of the team.
Wolverton then gave his regulars fielding
practice, and that was about all there
Was to the days labor. Chase was on
hand again. The athletes took it easy
when it came to throwing, but even 80
under Wolverton'’s vigorous methods the
daily bit, curtatied though it was, went
Jong with spirit.
* Wolverton and Cree had a confab this
morning, but have not come to terms yet.
However, the fact that Birdie hasn't
signed thus far doesn't keep him from
entering into the training with as much
ardor as the others.

Fashion Plate Chase dazzled his com-
rades with another sartorial screarn this
morning. The peerless dresser made his
matutinal appearance sporting a walist-
coat of brown plush punctuated here and
there with black fleur de Ilys worked in

silk, ‘T'was the very latest word In vest-
ments, he said, while the spectators
blinked.

|

|

|

As a producer of dizzy toggery, Childe
Harold is first and the rest nowhere,
and there are numerous fetchingly garbed
athletes In Wolverton’s band at that, even
\
|

those who have the back of their neck
shaved making some pretence to Pieca-
dilly modes

Morlarty’s Job in Jeopardy.
Monroe, Ia, March 23.—That either
Louden or Westersell, recruits, will oust
the former Tiger captain, George Morti-
aftyy from third base position ts the be-
Nef of the Tiger squad to-day
has not yet put in appearance

Mortarty

Notes of the Diamond.
Arthur Bues, now with the Giants, was
revommended to McGraw by Amos Ruste,

Matty Melntyr
not reported, He ft

of the White Sox has
playing ball in Cuba,
Hugh Jennings has begun his twenty-
firet vear in professional baseball

Phelan, the Cincinnati's new
is a ringer for Al Bridwell

Brooklyn fans have decided to
name Pitcher Stack “Smoke.”

inflelder,
nick-

The Cubs have uncovered a promising
catcher in Chapman from. the
Kansas League.

Central

 

e Roston Nationals still are trying
to buy the release of the veteran Arthur
Devlin of the Glants.

First Baseman Agler of last year's New-
ark team will be retained by the Cubs
as Capt. Chance’s understudy.

Catcher Casey of the Detroits is slated
for trade or release, as the new men,
Kocher and Onslow, have made a big hit
with Manager Jennings.

Steve White, who pitched for Prince-
ton University last year, will have a chance

 

to display his wares with Jersey City
this year.

Roger Bresnahan says he will work
Pitchers Harmon, Sallee, Golden and

Steele in regular turn as long as they
can stand the strain without losing their
effectiveness. He believes in the saying
that practice makes perfect. Sallee has
resumed a front seat on the water wagun,

“T've got a new curve, the corkscrew,”
eald a bush league pitcher to a prominent
manager at a Southern camp the other

ay.

“If? that’s the case, I'm going to bottle
you up fn Class D,"\ was the quick re-
sponse, and the wonder promptly received
his walking papers.

Fred Tenney has retired from hasebal).
He had a contract for a $5,000 salary
th year, but suggested a compromise
and received a lump sum to quit the

Boston Nationals. (Unlike some magnates,
Messrs. Gaffney and Ward were ready to
pay Tenney $5,000 and keep him on’ the

neh, but the latter refused to Impose
upon them. ,

 

A Boston fan who was hit on the head
by a ball thrown by one of the Red Sox
players py practice last summer has brought
a euit for $2,000 damages against the
Boston club. {n his complaint the rooter
says that the injury caused him to miss
eae also much physical and mental
a ih.

‘

re resenting each club jn the
sae. League will fly on the top of

jhe

ew Boston grandstand. The Red
fag 0 red, the Highlanders scotch
‘

pli Athletics, blue with a white
elep it, the Detroits orange and black,
the Bt. Loule Brown, the Washingtons
pu the Clevelends blue and white
an Chicago White Sox, white.

James A. Hart, former president of the
hicago National [easue club, favors
eoreerative Gallavher's resolution eall-
{ne for an investigation of the so-called
geball trust. Hart says that many |
club owners are money mad and are lack- |
ing in true sportsmanship. “The major |
and minor league players should be rep. |
resented on the National Haseball (om-
puissign,” Hart declares, “and this would |
a big thing for the game.”

FRorteten Bush of the Tigers is a real |
ho! t. e has refushed overtures from
President Navin and says the Detroit elul
ht {sg playing short field in the mean
aseman Moriarty also haa

accept his terms or lose hin serviers
th r }
failed to report because of a cut in sal- |

ary. awe of the Detroit pitchers have |
been forced to accept les ,
jaet year, » # money than }

! ville-Brooklyn
| Manager Dahlen would not listen to such

SLEET LATEST DODGER LUCK.

Dahlen’s Weather Disturbers Stop Base-
ball in Louisville.

Lovtsvitue, March 23.—After journey-
ing to Eclipse Park this morning, only to
find the playing fleld In a very bad condi-

tlon, Dahlen and his Brooklyn players | Poly Prep Seores Heavily in Field:

were forced to stop work after a few min-
utes practice on account of a rain which
started in shortly after 10 o'clock and con-
tinued for over an hour. This afternoon
he assembled the players and took them
to the Kentucky State Fair Grounds for
a workout in a big pavilion which pro-
tected the players from the cold and rain
to a certain extent. The local manager
was anxious to play the scheduled Louls-
game this afternoon, but

an arrangement,

It is doubtful in the minds of the local
weather sharps if a game will be played
to-morrow, In fact, sleet is in prospect
for to-morrow, according to weather re-
ports, Some of the players seem to think

| that the club will be lucky to get even a

single game in here.

Pitcher Morrow, one of the latest twirl-
ers secured by Dahlen, was confined to his
bed all day with a bad cold. Trainer
Comerford is still kept in his room, but
Was somewhat improved this morning.

Barney Reilly, one of the first. to join
the injured list, worked out this afternoon
and reported bis arn in much better con-
dition. Wheat's injured right foot is com-
ing around nicely, but he is obliged to use
a cane in moving around.

PENN STARTS BASEBALL
WITH A VICTORY

Defeats Naval Academy on Soft
Grounds by Score
of 4 to 3.

ANNAPOLI8, Md. March 23--The Uni!-
versity of Pennsylvania won its first base-
ball game here to-day from the Naval
Academy by the score of 4 to 3.) With
soft grounds to play on and cold rain
and hail falling almost continuously, the
playing was nevertheless remarkably
good. Donovan, Pennsylvantan shortstop,
did the best infleld work, while the two
leftfielders, Smith of Pennsylvania and
Osburn of Annapolis, carried off the honors
in the outfield.

In the seventh Osburn gathered in
Coryell's long fly and threw to the plate,
cutting off Thayer by yards. Smith's
five outs in left fleld included two very
dificult catches. Thayer at first. also
fathered in some difficult grounders and
saved his infleld some errors by taking
care of badly thrown valls.

In the first inning Haley, bennsylvania,
was passed but forced at second by Smith,
who stole second, and scored on Arm-
strong’s single The three runs which
made up Pennsylvania's additional score
came in the third inning ons singles by
Donovan and Patrie, Armstrong's triple,
a base on balls and some clever base
running.

The Midshipmen scored two runs in
the fourth on singles by Fisher end Hicks
Byers's sacrifice and Im 's hitting of
Osburn, With one out in the eighth, Fisher
singled and Imlay hit both HKvers and
Micks., Osburn flied to first, however, and
eaguer Was caught at the plate.

rm the final inning the Midshipmen
again looked dangerous.. An eror by Cor-
yell and slow handling by the Pennayl-
Varians ot the wet ball enabled the Mid-
shiprnen to get Adams across the plate.
However, Imlay pulled out of the hole
without allowing the tying run.

Both teams mit the ball hard, Pennayl-
Vania being stronger in this department.
However, it was indicated that the Mid-

 

 

 

 

     

shipmen will be much stronger in this
department than last season
Phe seore;
. OF Pa Navy
AB. HH. P. a. ARH PAL?
Coryell,2b.. 8 0 0 6 2 Osburnif..2 Oo 2 0.0
Haley cf 4 2 2 0 0 Adams,ss...4 1 8 1 0
Smith, if o> 15 0 O Abbotttb.5 2 2 1 6
Armsu'g.rt.5 200 0 0 Valdensb.5 1 10 0
Donovan.ss.3 1 1 3 0 Hallib 40702
Vatriesb....4 2 3 1 1 Fisherwf..5 200 6
Thayerb...4 2 9 0 O Byersct.. 8 00 0 0
Hawk.c 42 7 1 O*Cochran. 0 6 00 6
Imiay.p.. 4 0 0 5 0 Hicks.e $311 3 1
Seibert.p.. 3 0 1 606
Totals... 36.12.2710 3 Vinson.p...1 0 0 00
Totals...85 82710 3
*atted for Byers in the ninth inning.
V.of Pa 103 0000 0 OH
Navy 0020006 0 O is
Runs University of Pennsylvania—Coryeill,
Haley, Smith, Armstrong Naval Academy
Adams, tite Seibert Three base hit- Arm
strong Left on bases- Pennsylvania, 7; Naval
Academy, v ick Out--By Imlay, 5: by Sel
bert, 6; by \ iirst base on balis Off
Imlay, 2; of Selbert, 3 Hit by pltehed ball
Phy Imlay, Osburn, Byers and’ Hicks. Double
play—Osburn and Hicks Umplire- Pensmith,
Time—2 hours and 10 minutes

PHILLIES ARE COMING HOME.

Disgusted With Western Weather, Will

Play at Own Park. .

PHILADELPIEIA, March 23, —Ground-
keeper Sam layne, the guardian of the
Philadelphin National League ball park,
received a wire from President Fogel
late to-day informing him to have the
grounds in readiness for the I'hillies to
work on Monday. ‘

Later despatches
that the club had
exhibition games
West and
cold and

training
Phillies

Trom Fogel stated
decided to cut the
seheduled in the middle
to come home, owing to the
Wet weather which has made
lite less than a farce, The
reached Indianapolis to-day,
wh they were scheduled for four
straight games, but when they arrived
there Owner Watkins of the Indianapolis
elub informed tiem that it would be im-
possible to play until Tuesday.

Dally practice, weather permitting, will
be indulged in’ morning and afternoon
here until "Thursday, when the Phillies
will go to. Washington to meet the Na-
tionals Thursday and Wriday, returning
home that night for the first inter-league
fame with the Athleties on Saturday,

BROWN MAY GET LATONIA.

Tilles and Cella Willing to Sell Their

Interests,

CincinnNaTI, O., Mareh 23.—That C. A.
Tilles and Louis Cella of New York and
St. Louis, owners of the Latonia and
Douglas Park race tracks, are tired and
want to quit was the statement made
by H. D. “Curley” Brown, the well known
race track promoter, in Cincinnati to-day,
The statement was made when asked as
to the truth of the reports that he offered
Capt. Tilles $160,000 for the Latonia race
track,

“It Is true I have made h proposition
to them and they said they would con-
sider it," Brown continued. “This was
severnl weeks ago. 1 saw Mr. Cella twice
within the past month in New York and
St. Louis, and he told me he was tired
of the racing game in Kentucky and was
ready to sell at a reasonable price, Mr,
Tilles spoke in the same vein when [I saw
him in New York on bis return from
Paris, Netther seems disposed to sell
unless both tracks can be disposed of in
one dea! IT would naturally prefer La-
tonia, as this Is my home.”

It Was also brought out during the con-
versation that Col. Matt J. Winn, general
manager of the Loutaville Jockey Club,
which operates the Churchill Downs track,
has offered to buy Douglas Park from
ar Cella, but the price was not attrac-
live.

IOWA MAN SCORES IN LONDON.

Zeigler Wins Weight Events in Oxfords
Cambridge Games.

Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun
LONDON, March 28,-- At the dual Oxford-
Cambridge fleld meet to-day W, O. Zeigler
of lowa, an Oxtord student, won the weight
putting event, hurling the missile 40 feet
10 inches, EK, P. Hubble of Chicago took
third honors. Zeigler also won the ham-
mer throw with a distance of 139 feet 4
inches

R. t. Lange © Oklahoma, another
Rhodes student, ras in the 100 yard event
and finished third Duncan MaeMillan,
England's reliance in the coming Olym.-
pie games at Stockholm, did the 100 yard
In 10 seconds flat, despite the fact that the
track was wet, a heavy rain prevailing
at the time.

The final score was a tie, with each
ollege scoring five pointe.

 

 

 

ce

 

ek Lek. |ePHOT ASTIC. GAMES: IK
|

 

|

 

pcr SSS SSS SS SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS SS <=>
-
oo

re —_—

PRINCETON SETTING

Events and Wins the
Point Trophy.

 

MANHATTAN PREP IS SECON D

 

Exciting Middle Distance and
Races in the Seventh Regi-
ment Armory.

Relay

 

The indoor scholastic games of the
Princeton club measured up to all that
was expected of them yesterday afternoon
in the Seventh Regiment armory. The
races were keen and well fought and
the times fast in most all of then. loly
Prep by scoring heavily in fleld events
and the sprints won the trophy with 38').
Manhattan Prep, carrying off the honors

in the sprints without competition from
St. Paul's School, was second with 25
and De Witt Clinton was placed third.

The entry in every event was large and

included the best of the athletes of
the section. No records were sur.
passed,

An Interest different from the ordinary
is attached to the Princeton gaimes be-
cause they are wot up by the yraduates

of that untversity and nothing is left
undone to make them interesting, They
are permeated with Princeton = spirit,
Princeton colors and Princeton men. The
crowd, too, is very different from the
ordinary. The rooters from each school
were placed in cheering sections around

the track and their colors with the hand
and the general enthustasm which was
aroused made the meet peculiar to itself.

Charlie Ten Byck ran the mile with-
out Wenz of Roselle High School, with
whom he crossed the line in a dead heat
last week, but he was pushed hard to
win the race and showed one of his
rousing finishes. He took the lead of the
first lap and struck a hot pace all through
the first half mile. Thompson of Ja-
maica and Weg of De Witt Clinton came
up from the rear in the second half mile
and alternated in second place not more
than a yard behind Ten Eyck. Thomp-
son cut lose with a dash when the bell
rang for the last lap and shot by Ten
Eyck, who started out after him. Ten
Eyck caught Thompson at the last turn
and Increased his advantage on the stretch
to three yards. Thompson beat Weg by
about the same distance. Ten Eyck was
timed at 4 minutes 46 seconds.

The newly established champion in the
half mile was absent from that race yes-
terday and the spectators were a little
disuppointed at not seeing Weber fight it
out with Lent of Stuyvesant. The latter

ran a strong race, keeping the lead in
every lap Thompson of Jamaica, the
same who challenged Ten Eyck in the

mile, pressed hard at Lent’s heels in the
half mile and was beaten by not more
than two yaras,

Waugh of Stuyvesant almost lost his
laurels in the quarter mile. Kelinert of
Poly Prep led in the first lap and made
Waugh use up every bit of speed he had
to beat him to the tape. The Stuyvesant
Inan was a foot ahead as he crossed the
line in 66 1-5 seconds,

Townsend Harris Hall started out
strong in the senior mile relay race, with
Erasmus Hall second and Manual Tratin-
ing third, Shaw of Erasmus picked up
as the relay ended saad the two teams
Were about even when the second relay
started. Goldstein of Manual Training
went to the front in the next sprint and
had a three yard lead over De Witt Clin-
ton until the end of the half mile, when
De Witt Clinton went to the front. The
Ked and Black team had the race well in
hand from that point a the real strug-
le at the finish was for second place.
Srasmus Hall headed Manual Training In
the third relay, but went back to third
place in the last lap.

The Ward brothers of Manhattan Prep
accounted for the dashes, both senior and
junior, F. Ward took first place in the
75 and 220 yard junior races and EF. Ward
made away with the 90 yards and fur-
long senior In the latter he just man-
aged to nip PY. Morningstar of Barnard
School at the tape.

‘The sumnmaries:

» Yard Run, Juntor-—-Won by F
hattan Prep; T. Gray, Manhattan
es » Eestern District
trasinvs Hall, fourth

 

Ward,

rep,
thira,
‘Time,

Ward,

sec -
thira;
‘Time,

   
 

 

 

nde

Kun,
an Prep; A
Charies
Kephart,
seconde
440 Yard
Won by De

  

Senlor--Won by E
Bevin, Poly Prep
Manual Training,
Erasmus Hail, fourth

Manha
ond, M
lu
Relay Race, 160 Pound Clasa—
Witt Clinton, with Genzburg,
Weintraub, Ginden and Feller; Eastern Dis-
trict, second, with Schlage!l, Jacobsen, Zim-
merstein and Welnstein, Manual Training,
third, with Sehuntz, Nichols, HKoach and
Penerstein Erasmus Hail, fourth, with
Angus, Walsh, Brown and Burke Time,
601-5) seconds

600 Yard Run, by
Matischatt, Morris; F Prep,
second; F Houlihan, Prep,
third; A. Burtits. fourth,
Ti » 1 minute 3 seconds

20 Yard Run, Junior -Won by F
Manhattan Prep; E. Balestier,
ond; F. Gray, Manhattan
Isaacs, De Witt Clinton,
26 seconds
Six Lap Relay Race, Closed to Graduating
Classea-—Won by Stuyvesant, with Waugh,
Shiffman, Willis and Lent; Manual Training,
second, with Holmberg, Charles, Rummell
and Moran; Dwight School, third, with
Jones, Cummings, White and Pratt; be
Witt Clinton, fourth, with Kurzman, Tren-
holm, Schlesinger and Loman Time, 1
minute 4 seconds
Mile Kun-—Won by C. Ten Eyck, Jamalea;
M. Thompson, Jamaica, second, N. Wee, De
Witt Clinton, third; L. Malone, Poly Prep,
fourth Time, 4 minutes 46 seconds

220 Yard Run, Senior—Won by FE. Ward,
Manhatten Prep; P. Morningstar, Barnard
School, second: A. Bevin, Poly Prep, third;
i Klephart, Erasmus Hall, fourth Time,
: seconds
t Lap Relay Race,
Won by second
Curtis, MeKinney and
second, with Hatland, Howell, Gordon and
Edwards. Time, 2 minutes 664-6 seconds.
Mile Relay Race—Won by De Witt Clin-
ton, with Trenholm, Halasy, Knesman and
Weg; Manual Training, second, with Wheeler,
Goldstein, Thomas and Mount; Erasmus
Hall, third, with Shaw, Brush, Matthews,
and Vollmer; Poly Prep, fourth, with Du
Trembly, Bevin, Muller and Kleinert
Time, 8 minutes 464-5 seconds
12° Pound Shot Put—Won by A. Arm-
strong, Piushing, with a put of 42 feet;
BH. Kleinert, Poly Prep, second, with a put
of 41 feet 1 inch; . Spence, Poly Prep,
third, with a put of 40 feet 11 Inches;
Faggins, Bryant, fourth, with a= put
40 feet 1 inch.
880 Yard Relay Race,
Won by De Wiit Clinton, with Haggerty,
Loman, Malone and Garvey; Stuyvesant,
second, with Robinson, Bryant, Tannenbaum
and Heyman; Townsend Harris Hall, third,
with Greenbaum, Kallman, Zeutner and
Stemple; Poly Prep, fourth, with Downey,
Grosveneur, Kepple and Warner. Time, 1

minute 474-5 seconda,

4 Pound Shot Put, Novice—Won by F
Whitehouse, Trinity, with a put of 49 feet
4 inches; (. Armstrong, Flushing, second,
with a put of 47 feet 1 ineh; lL. Blips,
Jamaica, third, with a put of 46 feet 10%,
inches, I Blake, Marlin Prep, fourth, with
a put of 46 feet 5 inches.

880 Yard Run-—Won by Alvin Lent, Stuy-

Novice—Won

Babeock, Poly
Manhattan

rasmus Mall,

 
  
 

 

 

 

Ward,
Curtls, see-
Prep, third; 'T.
fourth, Time,

    

 

Closed to Pringe-
team, with Thomas,
Hayes; first team,

 

of
120 Pound Clasa—

 

vesant; M. Thompson, Jamaica, ‘second:
J. EB. Ball, Commerce, thtia; H. Riedel,
Poly Prep, fourth Time, 2 minutes 91-5
seconds,

440 Yard Run--Won by EB, Waugh, 8tuy-
vesant; BE. Kleinert, Poly Prep, second;
W. Horton, Curtis, third; J. Carey, Man-
battan Prep, fourth, ‘Time, 661-5 seconds.

Running High Jump-——Won by R. May-
nard, Poly Prep, with a jump of 5 feet
6 inches; J. Downey, Erasmus fia, second,
with a jump of 6 feet 6 Inches; W. Fisher,
Stuyvesant, third, with a jump of 5 feet
5 inehes; W. Burke, New York Prep, and
© Jacobs, Townsend Harris, tled for fourth
place, with 5 feet 4 inches,
Point Score--Poly Prep, 3814;
Prep, 28, De Witt Clinton, 18; Stuyvesant,
5; Jamates, 18; Flushing, 18; Eastern Dis-
triet, 21; Erasmus Hall, 10%; Manual
Training, 7; Morris, 6; Trinity Sehool, 6;
Curtis, 5; Barnard, 8; Townsend Harris,
2'; Commerce, 2; Bryant, 1; Marlin Prep,
1, New York Prep, ‘9; Dwight School, %;
Boys High, %

Manhattan

 
   

 

Maura of Belgium Scores 400 to 175 for

American Billlardist,

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux
Paris, March 24.—At the continuation
of the international amateur billiard
championship here to-day M. Maura, Rel.
jum, beat the Amertean, J. Ferdinand
‘opwenburg, by a score of 400 to 176,

a's best run was 66 and P -
Best 43," —

  

'BENNINGS TRACK TO REOPEN.

Amateur Raciyug Men and Army Officers
to 'Hlold Meets on May 16 and 18.

 

Vour years ago yesterday the last horse —

uw? Was run at the Bennings track under
the auspices of the Washington Jockey
Club. A law prohibiting betting and
bookmaking in the District of Columbia
closed the gates. But the sport will be
seen there again on May 16 and 18, In the
\ shape of a meeting conducted by amatew
| raclng men and officers of the army,
The new organization is called the Wash-
Jington Riding and Hunt Club, which has
appointed Frank J. Bryan, secretary of
the Hunts Committes, general manager
;and has placed the military end of the
{brogramme in the hands of Major Henry
fr. Allen, U.S. A,
Seven races will

be run each day, a

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1912. -

!

|

majortiy of them to be confined to hunt- |

ers and army horses The New. York
branch of the National Remount Assocta-
{tion and August Belmont, chairman of
; the Jockey Club, will donate cups for com-
| petition. For that matter the rider of
each winner will receive a trophy, With
j the exception of races on the flat, the
| mounts will be assigned either to qualified
treentiemen riders or officers of the army
tand navy

| A novel feature will be a twenty mile
| race across country, the horses finishing
jon the track In front of the
Mafor-Gen. Leonard Wood, assisted by a
picked board of officers from the War
Department, has been invited to decide
upon the winner. One of tne necessary
requiretnents in arriving at « veridet will
he the condition of both horse and rider.

UNIQUE GOLF CONTEST.

Tin Whistles Play

|
|
'
!
|
Courses at Pinehurst.
TINEMURST, N.
in the history of golf was the Tin W
championship, which occupied the week.
j Its special feature wus eighteen holes
| play on three distinct courses, possible
only with Pinehurst's equipment
Heading the fleld with a total
C. Fownes, Jr, with rounds of
and 81 Henry (. Fownes was
| 242, his cards being 75, $4 and
|

of 231
was W.
75
second in
88

N. 8. Hurd of Pittsburg, whose handi-
cap was 27, won the net score with 218,
Ww. allow-
ance was 24, came second with 223. The
best gross for elghtcen holes, exclusive

of the scores made by the Fowneses was
78 foi Smith

H. Thayer of Boston, whose

Col. J. E of Wilmington,

 

     

 

     

 

 

   

and the best net, 72, for N. W. Ormsbee
or Pittsburg, whose handicap was 16,
Scores of the leaders follow .
Courses
Ist. Yu. Sd. Gr. Hep. Net

N.S. Hurd SO BO RR 245 2728
W.H, Thayer $1 7) Sb 347 OD Pr x
8. D. Wyatt. 8 8 St 251

EG, Chandiee 108 11 14) 84S

A. M. Clark % 98 101 205
C,N, Phillips.. 81 78 88 4S

H.W. Crott 87 8 OK

H. O. Smith ew 8 85

“ 0 SS BS
J, 8 oF Mm

. 80 85 OM
G. 8, Jenks... 87 Of 10 2
P Maclaughiin. Sl #4 OM 4 37
d Kellogg Oo 8S om 48 =. 288
N, Dean % 79 8&8 ® 238
H.W, Ormshee sa W702 aoa
A. 1, Creamer.. 1 88 7 42 280
F. A, Johnston. 1 8b OM fo 40
J.P. Gardner 01 8) 88 5M ohh

Other scores were: J. J. Brown, 303, €0-243;
W. S, Dillon, 248, 24-244; 1. 8. Robeson, 261, 6—245;
F.C, Abbe, 313, 66-47; 3. D. Foot, 206, 18248;
B.A, Tracy, $14, 65-248; Col. J. KB. Sragth, 271, 21

S80; Johs HE, Sweeney, zi i, Wyehull,
900, 48-282; J. M. Thompson, 282, 27-2 robert
Hunter, 265, # 255; J. D. Rumsey, 208, 42-26;
W. 8S, Morse, 805, 48-257) RC Shannon 2d, 208

 

         

289, 30-250; J+ 1. Pushee, 315, 61
907, 42.265; ©. M. Wells, 346, 60--256; the Rev,
T. A, Cheatham, 34, 33-274, 2. ©) King, 32%, 35
284
Played upon two courses, the annual
club championship of the Silver Fofle pro-
vided «a novel competition,
f& the fleld. Mrs. J,
mao, Whose allowance was 22, was
first in 175, with Mrs, Spencer Waters of
ant . Po with @ handicap of 38, second
nis

HAVERFORD, 1 COLUMBIA, 0.

  

Play Throughout Game Centres in Blus
and White Territory.

Havenronp, Pa., March 23.—Haverford
won its second victory of the Intercollex-
lute soccer series this afternon when the
main Iine eleven defexted the Colurabia
University team 1 to 6.

This is the first time in several years
that Haverford has succeeded in defeating
Columbla as the New York team Is al-
ways a very strong one. To-day's ume,
however, was really not as close as the
score Indicates. Throughout almost the
entire contest the pluy was in Columbia's
fleld, while the Haverford goal keeper
handled the ball but three times. The
Inability of the main Hne forwards to
score offener can be attributed only to
the mudy condition of the fleld, which
made {t almost impossible to iift’ the
ball and put accurate shooting out of the
question,

Columbia's goal was constantly threat-
ened, and on one occasion a «kick from

 

 

close quarters by Wallerstein was) pre-
vented from counting by hitting the goal
Keeper on the ear,

The lineup:

Haverford, Positions. Columbia
‘Tatnall Goal Kreneld
ally. . Right bavi Spencer
Hartshorne Lett back Miider
L. Vv. H. Thomas... Right half Healey
Smith Centre half Riddell
Longstreth Left nal Evans
L.. kt. Thomas Outside sight Hluevy
Wallerstein Tuside right Colquan
Downtng Centre forward Biges
Stokes Inside left Lane
Benuy Outside left Zalder

Score-- Haverford, 1; Columbia, 0. Referee
Waldron, Linesmen- Peck ana Bennett. Goal

Downing.
STATEN ISLAND'S FAST SOCCER.
Speedy Passing Criinntinie for Six Goals

in Game With Crescents.

The Staten Island Cricket and Tennis
Club soccer team gained another round in
the annyal cup tie series for the amateur
cup, beating the Crescent Athletic Club's
team by 6 gouls to 0 on the grounds of
the former at Livingston, Staten Island,
yesterday afternoon. The ex-league
champions were not equal to the speedy
passing tactics of the Staten Islanders
and allowed three goels in each period,
notwithstanding the capital work of Me-
Nulty, the Crescent goalkeeper,
Altogether the showing of the home
team was very satisfactory to their fol-
lowers and gave promisé of success in
the important match to be played for the
Grescent challenge cup against Belmont
at Philadelphia next Saturday. Among
the onlookers at Livingston yesterday was
RK. T. Rokeby, the noted cricketer, just
back from Havana.

. Pearson was the first to score for
Staten Island

in yesterday's cup match,
A. Van Laar soon following with a beauty
from inside right. H. R. Nichol, who

played u brilliant game at centre forward,
shot the third goal from a great pass by
W. MacWhinnle. Nicoll also negotiated
two of the goals in the second half, The

Whinnle. J. O. P. Humphreys, at out-
side right for the Creseents, worked hard
to stem the tide of defeat.

The Mneup:

Staten Island Positions Crescent A.C
OSS. . o Goal MeNulty
be Wilde. Right back Andrews

Left back . Charlwood
Right half

Centre half

Van der Zee..
Kistler...

Smith (captain) MeCletland

ee
=

 
 

. Barlow. ‘Time-45 minute halves.

 

Yachts Change Hands.

ported through the Hollis Burgess yacht
agency,
The 36 toot motor boat Alimed sold by

Appleton, Salem, Mass.
G. Adams, Worcester, Mass., to Stephen kK
Bartlett, Boston
Vhe motor boat Mahdoen III
New York vachtaman
fhe so foot ausitianry
Malicia binos sold by
Brewster, Maas,
Maas., and Williatn Liawley, Rockport, Mass,
The 40 foot motor boat 'Meemer [1 solid

h
land ©, Nickerson, Brewstor
ie Byward 8. McAll, Syracuse, N. ¥

Nehing

schooper
Noland ¢

Nickerson,

——

 

 

grand stand. jor a bout

on Three Distinct; from the

©, March 23.-—Unique t pans
histle | sideration the blows that count most, the

KLAUS GETS VERDICT —
FROM JACK DILLON

|
Hoosier Lad Does Best Work With |

Top of His Head and
Tires at End.

 

PITTSBURGER NO WONDER |

 

|
| Devotes Whole Attention to Battering |

Body in Clinches—Poor Boxer
at Long Range.

 

SAN Francisco, March 28,—Frank |
Klaus, the Pittsburg middleweight, won a
twenty round decision over Jack Dillon, |
the Hoosier lad, at Coffroth’s arena this
afternoon. And Klaus can thank his lucky
stars that Referee Jack Welsh measures
the conditions of two men at the end
a@# much as he does the blows
that may be exchanged in handing down
his verdict. From a purely boxing point
of view Klaus did not have so much on
the Indianapolis man. It is just as true
that Dillon was the tired chap of the
pair when they finished, with Klaus look-
ing little the worse for wear, barring
a cut on the nose and a cut lip, that came
butting tendencies of his op-
ponent

It might have been called a draw, per-
But if one cares to take into con-

fact remains that Klaus had Dillon back-
ing away most of the time. The middle
Westerner was fairly swamped with body |
punches in the twentieth round and was
weak from blows that landed, On that
basis one must concede that Klaus was

 

j entitled to the honors that came his way. |

 

 

t

|

 

{

 

 

sixth and last went to the credit of Mac- | Dufmn..

|

 

Wright | Goals

Sinclair and

Ledgard., Left halt Wilson | Goodman, Substitutes~ Darlington for Allen,
Pearson. . Outside right Huntington j Alien for Darlington, —Referee—C, Pickford,
Van Laar Inside right Johnstone | Time Halves of 45 minutes,
Nicoll. Centre forward Jennings
Mac\Whinnle,, Inside left Harland |
Kaufinan Outside left Phillips

Score Staten Island, 6; Crescent A, ©., 0, ae
Goals -Pearson, Van Laar, Nicoll, §; MacWhinnle
Heferee. wt »Ross, Jr. Linesmen- J, A. Jen} $t, Leos and Fall River Teams Each

nsand E

The follewing transfers of vachta are re- | St. Leos of St.

making « clever pase
|

to Albert Story Gloucester, | ond hall the exeltement was intense,

\

Mase. | Susne and Lyuan excelled for

“Hes the referee,” said the loser, “and |
[ suppose that he knew more about what |
| was doing than I could tell.”

The fight itself was disappointing. It
was a wrestling mateh for two thirds of
the time.

Klaus is purely an infghter, and Dillon,
electing to do his share of the holding,
most of boxing was done in the monoto-

Dillon in fact would have
shown

had
he stayed out of clinches. Tle was the
better boxer Ne bis straight left, the best

nous clinches,

far better ring generalship

punch he. has tn his repertoire and prac-
tleally the only in the face
otf the Pittsburger, when he stood off at
long range. Why he abandoned that
scheme, which gave him the lead for the
firet three rounds, and took to clinching
that gave Klaus the opportunity to send
in his short arm jolts is a mystery.

Aside from the shiftiness that he dis-
until he tired from the beating,
had little to recommend him. He |
is no puncher, for he failed to disturb
Klaus, But for Dillon's eccentric fashion
of using his head to do what his hands
were not capable of, Klaus would have
left the ring without a mark.

The German showed once more that he
is no finisher, but merely of the type that
bores in and pummels away for the body,
awaiting the time when his opponent
shall have become exhausted. That was!
the programme he carried out to-day. |
There were times when he sent a right
and left in to the face, but for the most

one, landed

played
Dillion

M267; J. R. Towle, 301, 42. 250: W. L. Milliken, | part he was trying for an opening to the | perfect alignment is, of course, the reduc-
M4: WV. T. Stal), | Stomach,

an opening that was all too
often left unprotected, In the meantime
he stopped many a left with his face.
Both men were guilty of holding, but
it was Dillon who was the guilty party in
butting with his head. In the fifth round}

handicaps jhe had to be warned twice by Welsh, who |
MP. Gardner } threatened to disqualify him for another

infraction. Frank was not using his head,
although in the wrestling and tugging that
followed the clinches one was as guilty
as the other.

it was three rounds before Klaus was even
awake to the fight and by that time Dillon
surprised the crowd by his performance,
hitting with his left and getting away. |
After that, however, Klaus became the |
agxresor, Coming to close range whenever
the opportunity offered and whaling away
with right and left mostly to the body.

The strain told on Dillon. He lost his
judament of distance, swung wildly at

 

Umes and was beaten around the ring with

both men close together. Up to the teath,
Klaus looked to be winning in such easy
form as to be able to stop his man,

NEW BOWLING CHAMPIONS.

N. Owen and P. Sutton in Doubles

Sutton the Best Individually.

Cnicaco, IL, March 23.——The final balis
in the two man event of the American
Bowling Congress tournament were rolled
to-day without any of the thirty-odd
teams disturbing the leaders The new
champions, Owen and Sutton of Louts-
Ville, finished with 1,259, the second best
mack that has been made in an American
Bowling Congress tournament. The lead-
ing twenty doubles received prizes, the
Winners taking $425 and the others grad-
ing down to $48.50. The scores:

L.

 

    

 

 

   

  

  

 

END aoe

 

 

 

 

—_——<<—<eus 4,

AUTOMOBILES, AULTOMONILES

; |
Why the whole World
pays tribute to the
Cadillac car

cause the Cadillac is the world’s fore.
| most exponent of anti-friction methods
of measurements.
Adventages you may enjoy and
Discadvantages you MAY escape,
The presence or the absence of tlie

What is the source of that mysteri-
ous enthusiasm which makes everyone |
creas in superlative terms of the Cad-
ilac? ;

What peculiar qualities does it por-
seas, which impel the public to disrniss

 

impatientiy the suggestion that other! ibed herein—qualities tr:
ca “ ood ' "9 quality deser qui race.
What, advantages. Sete Cadillac | able to properly applied standardization

and the resulting correct alignment;
qualities traceable to skillful design and
advanced manufacturing methods and
the results of scientific research and de.
velopment, explain:

Why the owner of one car has to crank
and crank his engine to get it started
while the Cadillac owner gets into hia
car, presses a button, disengages the
clutch and his engine starts.

Why the owner of one car, even with
a so-called “self-starter” can start the
engine only some of the tine while the
Cadillac electric cranking device is fully
as efficient and fully as dependable ag
every other part of the Cadillac car

Why the owner of one car must get

owner enjoy, day by day, which con-
vince him that his is incontestably the
better car?

Why do Cadillac dealers everywhere
encounter a lively disposition to cotn-

re the Cadillac with the costliest cars;

ut not with cara of like or halfway higher
price?

On what basia can we explain the phe-
nomena, encountered everywhere, of
men reverting to the Cadillac, from cars
costing two, and three timee as much
monev’

The Primal Cause of Cadillzc
Elfictency.
The re is a big one; it cannot be
in a brie

 

com passer staternent ; out--often in the rain and mud_ open
But the source of Cadillac satisfaction | his Jamps, fumble for matches, turn on

can be indicated and regulate the gas and light up while
We can trace the cause: and we can] the Cadillac owner without delay or an-

partially picture the effect noyance simply closes the switches and
Let us take, merely as an exarmple, the electric lamps are li

ane ;
Why one car starts w th a jerk anda
lunge while the Cadillac can be started
off with the smoothness of an ocean liner
Why in one ear about all the driver's
strength is required to operate the clutch
and brakes while with the Cadillac, slight
foot pressure is all that is necessary.
Why in one car the change of gears
is accompanied by a crash and a@ grind
while with the Cadillac the change can
be made so that it is scarcely per.
septible
Why one car is difficult to keen in the
roud while the Cadillac seems almost
to steer itself. J ‘
Why in one car with a steering gear
which has no provision for taking un

separating it from all the rest—one, big,
little tact.

Every Cadillac pisten and every Cad-
illac cylinder is interchangeable with
every other Cadillac piston, and every
other Cadillac cylinder.

More than 400 essentially accurate
dimensions in Cadillac parts are measured
down to one one-thousandth of an inch. —

Johannson of Eskeistuna, Sweden, is
the inventor cf the most wonderful system
of limit gauges for infinitesimally fine
measureinents the world has ever seen
gauges which are accurate to the one
ten-thousandth part of an inch.

The Cadillac Cotapany is, and has been
for years, the world's foremost exponent

 

of its own; and of the Johannson system. wear Jost motion develops, making
Cadillac adherence to  unexampled steering uncertein and unsafe, while
accuracy anie-dates the Johannson dis-|j,, the Cadillac steering gear the pd.

covery. It goes back forty years to its justments provided are more adequate

inception—ten years, in its application |jy 4. will probably ever be uired,
to the Cadillac car. , Why one car rides hard and stiff, the
So here you have the primal cause springs seem unyielding and the car

the source of that world-wide, mysterious | |< jeas comfortable to ride in over apaved
Cadillac enthusiasm—the despair of cars| Jreet than is the Cadillac over an ordi-
which may look like, but are not like the} )o ry road.
Cadillac; because they have not wrapped | “Why one car may run quietly and
up ia them the fervor and the life time] pnoothiy when new but soon becomes
devotion inspired by an ideal. noisy and shakes and rattles while the
Effects Which Follow the Primal | Cadillac often efter years of service runs
Cause. as smoothiy as when new. —
And now as to the effect. Why one car runs all right on level
How is the inherent difference of the|roads but when it comes to sand end
Cadillac expressed in its outward be-|hills it has not the power to make the
havior—how does it difler and how does | pulls while the Cadillac has an abundance
it surpass’ of power for all reasonable requirements
In a hundred ways; some of them in-|end with its standerdization, the correct
tangible, but ever-present; many of thern | alignment and the substantial construc-
idieimeiy praviivai—iiiugs you cau see} tion, the maximum of thet powei in de-
and feel and know. livered at the rear wheels. :
‘The first fruit of fine measurement and! Why one car shows only 8 or 10 tniles
on a gallon of gesoline while the Cadillac
averages @0 to 8U per cent greater mile-

 

tion of triction to the closest possibile
approach to a theoretical zero.

Friction is the worst and most relent-
less enemy to efficient service in a motor
ca

age.

Why one car after a few months be-
gins to evidence a loss of power while
Cadillacs frequently show an improve-
ment. ;
| Why in one car the engine overheats
and the water boils while with Cadillac

r
The defeat of this relentless enemy
can be accomplished by no other wea-
pon known to imotor car manufacture i |
than the most scrupulous and properly! construction and the Cadillac cooling
applied standardization. _ . |system the causes of overheating are
Once accomplished, it carries in its! practically eliminated.
train two other splendid victories. Why one car emits volumes of smoke
Wear, tear and repair are the evil|and it becomes necessary to clean the
offsprings of friction. engine and especially the spark plugs
And when friction is reduced to @ every few weeks while the Cadillac with
minimum, their capacity for discom-| its efficient lubricating system and the
fort and danger, and damage is almost | accurate fit of the cylinders, pistons and
totally nullified. rings emits no smoke at alland frequently
At one and the same time, and from|runs for a year or more without even
the same source, another splendid benefit | having a spark plug removed. 3
is conferred upon the car. | Why the oil consumption of one car is
Eliminaton of friction means extraor- } from two to four times that of the Cadillac
dinary ease of operation. Why the owner of one car must be cen-
It achieves that luxurious evenness! tYnually tinkering with his car to keep it
which is supposed to be one of the chief | going while many Cadillac owners rarely
characteristics in cars of the highest open their tool kits. s
price; and the cardinal quality for which Why one car after a few menths’ use
men are willing to,pay that higlt price depreciates in selling value to half of its
These extraordittary requisites--reduc- original ecst or less while depreciaticn
tion of wear, tear and repair, and running | in the Cadillac is reduced to an absolute
qualities of velvety smoothness—are ibe rini:nurm. r ,
distinguished characteristics of a frie- So many “Whys” indeed, which evidence
tionless car. the pre-eminence of the Cadillac that ws
You have them cannot here cite even a tenth part of them
AT DEALER’S

Ti RE: PRICES.

1912 STOCK AND FULLY GUARANTEED

LOOK at these prices--remember that we sav

 

in the Cadillac, be-

 

LESTER OUTPOINTS CYCLONE.

White Hope Gets Decision Over Smaller

   

N. Owen and P. Sutton, Louisville, 1 Opponent ; fully guaranteed, then OHgure out how much you
P. Walsh and M. Maurer, Youngstown, 1 i hy . < Sen epys Straipht side

J. HBloulen and ER. Rolfe, Chicago, 1 Sypney, N. S. W., March 23.—Cyeclone , “& AMU-Skid. Tubes
a upen one ¥ eke x cae ; Johnny Thompson, the pudgy little Amer- ; “$10.75... .c.0. $2.70
‘ ? y anc 3. J en, ” » 3,237; ie reip " i 2
P. A. Swanson and A. Sallander, Chicago, | lean who grew fiom a lightweight into ay : iz 5 ey
Hové. J. 8. Pritehitt and J. Goodwin, | 160 pounder by taking on flesh about the  30%3) 17.73... . 415
andlana pails, queen: ‘ f. art and G we: waist line, essayed to enter the heavy dil- ’ ; 27.00... 5.0
ards, South tend, 16; ‘Conne

G. Whitmaral, Detroit, H2i3; G. Vander: | Yiston last night. He boxed Tommy , % ES a wT
tuuk aM. Martin, St. Paul, 1,212; K.] Burns's white hope, Jack Lester, and lost ALL OTHER SITE AT

Ss. 3 new and A. Krauss, Washing a decision on points at the end of twenty CORRESPONDINGLY LOW PRICES.

bD. ¢ wll; A. Harris and L. Johns, New- d K 8 ER Co
ark, } J 1,212; H. Heine and EB. Bel. | rounds, y ErSTONE TiR= & U e
fuss, Chicago, 1,207; W. Flenner and O, Lester was beaten by Bill Lane and 1932-81734 BROADWAY,

Collier, Chicago, 1,198; RR. St and J.; 8am Langford within a few months, Near 55th St. Phone 2778 Col.

Bell, Canton, Ohio, 1,192; N. Bruck and! Against the smaller Thompson he showed Mall Orders promptly filled,

G. Fisher, Chicago, 1191; O. Kupfer and A. | vast {mprovement,

Pudewa, Chicago, 1,187; W. Culver and P. es TD
MeCort, Toledo, 1,186; a: Buckort and W. ain PR) eee Te t:
Crocomb, Chieugo, 1,184; F. Thoma, Jr., , I pte
ha he Giralel ahionee. 1. tht: A. GERSCHAL WINS SENIOR RACE, had 190 wards handicap. Midget Ge

Larry Sutton of Rochester, N. Y., won
the individual championship with a mark
of 679. He captured $260 in prize money.
The leading scores:

Graduates From Juniors in Schoolboy

schal had the post of honor in the junior
division for the first time and = distin-
guished himself by winning.

The summaries ;

 

Skating at St. Nicholas Rink.

‘ ‘ “2 Won by
Larry Sutton, Rochester, N oe on; Quarter Mile, Handics p, Juntore , 2

Maurice Hotchkiss, Detroit, @4; Wullam| . Arthur Gerschal yesterday graduated Sinteet Guitare mentee Th bares oll
- 4 604: E 5. ‘ ae * ethical Culture School, 6 arda, . '
Ely dene CO. hela: Clavelante sts Manses| trom the junior class and won his first | H. MecAleenan, Fordham School, 40 yarde,

NEW TEAM WINS AT SOCCER.

Central ¥. M. C. A, Defeats Camerons
by 6 Goals to 2.

The Central Y. M. C. A. of Brooklyn,
recently admitted to the Field Club Soc.
cer League, defeated the Camerons by 6
goals to 2 on the grounds of the latter
at Twenty-eighth street and Eleventh ave-
nue yesterday afternoon. At the end of
the first half honors were even, each side
having scored once. In the second per-
fod, however, the Centrals proved too
speedy for the former amateur cham-
p

ons, adding five more goals to their
opponents’ one,

 

 

 

Allen shot three goals and Daniel-
son, Shadbolt and Fraser each one for
the Centrals, Sinclair and Goodman
scored a goal apiece for the Camerona.

The lineup:

Central Y.M.C.A, Positions. Camerone,
Allet....5 5) ceeee eens Goal tees Slater
Hiunter,..... Right back +». Michaels

- Late BACK......006 Wilson
Hiechbauer,. Right half........, . RIMS
Brown, Centre half... : Shaw
De Haun... oe LMEE RBIS. 00s ces Woods
Darlington, . Outside fight, . Humphreys
Hlackhall . side right Pere Nrehe
Danielson... . ..., Centre “ Sinclair
Shanholt, Inside lett Smith

Fraser... ; Outside left

Seore—Central Y, M. ©, A., 4;
Central ¥Y, M, ©, A,
Shanholt and Fraser,

Goodman
Camerons, 2;
Allen, %; Dantelson,
Camerons

 

Score One Goal.
Fatt River, Mass.,
field that was almost

March 23.—-On a
a sea of mud, the
Louis, who played soccer
at American League Park in New York
last Wednesday, met the Fall River
Rovers of this place here to-day, the re-

A. H. Munsell, Chestnut Hill, Mass.,to J, F.! sult being a tle at one goal for each
\ sidv, MeCaffery scored f.
The auxiliary yawl Aspinet sold by Ernest in six minutes from the start, MeCormick

or the Westerners

|
|
TIE IN SOCCER GAME.
|
|

After play had been in_ progress for

sold by | thirty-two minutes, Flynn of the St. Leos, |
A.D. Bull, Quiney, Mass, to a prominent | in trying to block « Kick from Lynn of |

the Fall River Rovers, drove the ball
through his own goal, ‘The seore remained |
even thereafter and throughout the sec: |

Nheehan, Peterson, Donahue and K, Mil-
ler sturved fov the visitors, While Murphy,

the home |
oS

4 -

events in the St. Nicholas Rink.
tiated the longer distauce quite easily and

  
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
    
     

race as a senior in the school boy skating | third. Time, 1 minute 21-5 seconds.

Half Mile Handicap, Seniore—Won by A

He nego- | ® ;
® Gerschel, P. S. 166, 60 ards; kK. Gund-

lack, Townsend Harris Hall, 100 yards, s¢c-
with a start of 60 yards defeated K. | ong! Spiegelberg, scratch, third, Tiine,
Gundlack of Townsend Harris H. S, wiv i minute R68 1-6 seconde, .
———

 

 

 

 

THE FIRST suitable
Photographic rranine

SUITABLE 4
SUITABLE Reproduction

FRAMING | ————OF THE

Se,

37-GIANTS -37

Training at Marlin, Texas
FOR THE .

(1912 PENNANT
Free !!
To Readers of

Morning--- The: Sim ---Sunday

Pictures may be had at The Sun office upon
preseptation of headings, includi ate
ine, of The Sun, Morning or . for
three (3) successive days. If sent by mail
include 2c to cover mailing expense.

A Souvenir of the “Giants” for Every “Fan” |

 

 

 

 

Free ! Free!!!