# \

——

 

{ necessities of life should be held up in this
A ‘ way is distressing. We sadly need im-
| ation.

Blk COAL TIEUP

Su pension ‘Expee ted, but
Federal Conciliation
Is Possible

ER DMAN

House Favors Lee Bill—Min-
ers’ Policy Committee May
Avert Trouble.

L\DER ACT

!MERGENCY PILESGROW

New York City Now Has Supply
for Sixty Days—Comment |
From Mine wee

‘| Operators’ committee said,

 

 

THE SUN, S§ SUNDAY, MARCH - 24, 1912.

White of the union a resolution urging

 

 

that the differences be settled by arbitra-

proved machinery to deal with such a situ- | tion.

The Erdman mediation act, which has
been a great benedt to the railroads and
their employees in labor disputes should
be developed at the earliest moment so as
to include mines and other public utilities.
rhis act provides for effective conciliation
and voluntary arbitration, Both sides
can thus obtain justice without loss or any
bitter contest, Meanwhile, preasure should
be brought to bear on the operators and
miners to arbitrate their present differences,
\ strike is dangerous and wasteful. We
know when it begins but not when it will
end. It is much easior and wiser to settle
the differences while the men are earning
wages and the public has its coal at norrral
prices than when a strike has started.
The public will pay for this atrike and the
public should use its influence to prevent
it

In relation to the bituminous conference
in Cleveland President White issued a
statement there yesterday in which he

said that the operators would have to

offer a concession of some sort when the

conference is continued on Tuesday or
else there will be a strike.
accept the present contract and must have
an increase in wages.”

“We cannot

OPERATOR SAYS “NO INCREASE.”
On the other hand a member of the
“we cannot
possibly grant an increase in wages be-

FAPECT SH ORT SHUTDOWN | cause at the present scale we can hardly

Observers Await New Negotiations—
White Says “Better Terms or
strike”’—Operators’ Views.

With a suspension of work by union
rithracite coal miners and possibly the
ijtuminous miners scheduled for a week
from to-morrow two elements favorable !
o peace entered the situation yesterday —
the preparations for the meeting of the
miner’ policy committee in Cleveland
and te expected passage by the House
at Washington of the Lee bill, amending |
iman act. The Lee bill, which is
aid to be favored by President Taft, will
erroit Federal conciliation steps in the
coal crisis before any actual rupture de-
However, it is said by many
observers that unless the differences be-
ween the operators and the strikers are
idjusted shortly after the expected sus-
pension an actual strike will be declared.

view of these probable events a
was made of the coal situation
York yesterday, which shows}
that (\uere is a supply for at least sixty |
on hand and that there
likelihood of a famine even if
is declared. It is said there |
1s no chance of a suspension of work in |
many manufacturing plants because of
he shortage of steam sizes of coal.

Ihe situation has reached the point,

owever, where the larger operators

not discuss the supply of coal and
-trike menace under their own names,
wt ere willing to give their views under
romise that they are not to be quoted.
* was from these sources that THE Sun

the Fre

velops

 

“aL VUas
in New
dave Dow
i no

sirike

varned yesterday that the suspension

vork in the bituminous districts is
ret bkely to last over a week or two, while
the enthracite suspension may be longer,

' that there is small chance that either
will develop into a strike of extended
duration

OPERATORS DO NOT AGREE

leading operators differed yesterday
s to whether it would be necessary for
+) intermediary, such as President Taft,

step in to bring the miners and operators
‘ogether. The head of one of the largest
a nal reilroads said yesterday that the

eratore and miners probably will settle |
their own differences without outside
assistance, because there has been no
race of bitterness exhibited thus far,
ind lack of bitterness augurs well in the
-ettlement of a controversy. He said |
‘hat none of the operators believes the
miners ever expected their sweeping
demands would be granted entire, and
‘hat before they cut off all chance of settle-
ment they will submit terms which can
1e made the basis of a tinal agreement.
was some dissent to this view,
nowever
| believe it will be absolutely necessary
ry some one to step in and bring the
and miners together,” said
wother wellinformed man. “It is hardly
sible for the operators to offer a con-
ession without being asked to do so by
he miners directly, for that would indicate
‘hat we may be weakening and probably
would only prolong the suspension, For
‘he same reason, [ don't suppose the
representatives of the miners will come
‘orward with modified demands, for they
don't want us to think that they are weak -
ening. In such a situation it is necessary
for a disinterested person to come forward
and bring the miners and operators to-
pether ”

There was some talk yesterday as to
‘he strength President John P. White of
he United Mine Workers, who is a bitu-
'.pous miner, may display in holding the
nthracite workers together in case of
In the recent conferences here,
said, Mr. White showed he was not
nately informed concerning the needs
{the anthracite miners, and the heads

oval anthracite branches of the inter-
ual union had to step in frequently
enlighten President White. While
confusion resulted accordingly,
resident White still had the confidence
the anthractie miners as well as those

» the bituminous field.

 

there

 

perafors

a strike

MITCHELL I8 WHITE'S FRIEND,

One fact which is counted on to be of
ssistance to President White, and which
‘he operators are also relying upon to
»olne extent to prevent an ultimate strike,

former President John Mitchell's long

‘udship for President White,

\ man who said he understood Mr.
‘itchell's feelings in the matter declared

‘erday that Mr. Mitchell did not feel

it he wanted to embarrass his friend
‘esident White by taking a public part
4 any move toward a settlement.
Through his friendship for Mr. White
ind the contidence still felt for Mr.
Mitchell by the anthracite miners it is

‘ght that Mr, Mitchell ean accomplish

ore in aid of a final agreement by work-|of the United States,

ie quietly with the miners and their
fficiais
In the opinton of Marcus M. Marks, |
*5o made the suggestion which led to
‘ypointment of the anthracite com-
) | President Roosevelt during
‘hracite strike of 1902, a strike is
ms 2 the anthracite fields on
. Marks suid last evening:
the oe reports the suspension
ie
s omevitable There
Lundred to avert sueb a etrike
e anes should be
[he idea that one of the

| Saward.

followed | yesterday to Chairman George F,

compete with the cheap non-union coal

of West Virginia. Strike or no strike, we
cannot concede a raise, for it would
bankrupt us.”

In spite of these positive statements,
Frederick E. Saward, editor of the Coal
Trade Journal, who has been familiar
with the bituminous conferences of the
past, said yesterday that he. believed the
suspension in the bituminous field will
j be short.

“The bituminous operators have always
worked under a one or two year agree-
ment, and the same discussion and de-
mand for an increase arises at the ex-
piration of each agreement,” said Mr.
“The miners and operators have
always found a common ground upon
which they could agree and there is every
reason why they should do the same
this spring. The withdrawal by the oper-
ators of their counter demand for a redut-
tion of 10 cents in the wage scale is the
first move toward an agreement of some
sort, I believe.”

NEW. YORK MAY BE SPARED.

A great amount of the bituminous coal
shipped to New York comes from the
fields of central Pennsylvania, and the
miners in that region, while members
of locals of the United Mine Workers
Union, have had no part in the confer-
ences at Cleveland. The conferences
in Cleveland affect chiefly the middle
West and the lake regions, and whatever
occurs will not affect the East toa great
extent.

ihe bituminous miners of centrai Menn-
sylvania do not hold their conferences
on a new wage scale until to-morrow
at Clearfield and Altoona, and will not
meet the operators until the first week
in April.- While they will undoubtedly
suspend work until an agreement has
been made it is not likely ‘that the sus-
pension will be long.

Michael J. Burns of Burns Bros., speak-
ing for the local coal dealers, said yester-
day that the situation in New, York is be-
coming rather tense because coal ship-
m ents have been delayed for lack of cars
and the scarcity of coal trains.

STOCKING UP WITH COAL.

This is one reason for an apparent
shortage in the supply held by the dealers,
but another and more important one
is that the largest consumers: of steam
coal, which is the only kind that will be in
much demand after the suspension goes
into effect, have been stocking up with
all they could get ever since the strike
talk commenced, several months ago,
in order to be prepared for any emergency.
One of the executives of a large ceal
road said yesterday:

consumers of steam coal
have usually delayed buying until after
April 1, when the 50 cents a ton reduction |
has always gone into effect. This year
they are taking no chances

One of the sure indications of the amount
of coal on hand is to be seen in the piles of
anthracite stacked up at various shipping
points throughout the anthracite regions
The coal is piled by machinery in stacks of
40,000 or 50,000 tons and it takes only a
glance around to get a line on the supply.
There is no doubt that there are less of
these piles just now than usual, but that is
due, as I said, to thefact that the big con-
sumers have already laid in a big supply
instead of waiting uftil the 50 cent reduction
in price April 1.

FILL LOTS WITH ANTHRACITE.

The largest

The steps taken by consumers on Man-
hattan Island to provide against a shortage
of coal have resulted in filling up many
vacant lots throughout the city with an-
thracite. One of these consumers is the
United States Express Company, which
has utilized a plot of ground extending
from Trinity © ace to Greenwich street,
adjoining the United States Express Build-
ing on the north. At each end of the
piot is a high board fence, and through
a gate at the Trinity place end buckwheat
coal! has been carried in until there is a
pile nearly 100 feet square and from : ti
toten feet high. While other office buii.-
ings do not have vacant lots scvcining for
coal sorage purposes, the owners of the
buildings have an available supply else-
where.

An operators who was asked postesdey
if the conservatism of some of the miners
might not be of help when the suspension
comes, said:

The leaders of the union have their heart
set on getting an endowment of $10,000,000
through the demand for a checkoff and
they will always have a small but noisy
minority of the union men with them.
In strike times the man who wouldn't
strike if he had anything to say about it
is going to maintain a strict neutrality
in order not to endanger the home he has
made for himself. For this reason while
the majority of the miners are satified and
comfortably situated they won't work if the
strike is ordered. j

ENGLISH STRIKE A BIG FACTOR,

Thedelay until to-morrow in the nego-
tiations for a settlement of the British
strike created some little tension here
yesterday, for a number of steamers
usually engaged in pneperting British
coal are already head ampton
Roads for American bituminous, and
the longer the English strike settlement
is delayed the greater will be the demand
for American coal.

The imp ortance of New Yorks asa oonl
shippin ee is indicated b agures
obtained by the Coal Trade
the coal supplied to steamers at all ceete
Foreign vessels
loaded 3,706,022 of bunker coal at this
port and at all the ports combined on!
6,467,338. Philadelphia was next wt
699,900. The total amount loaded at New
York, for both coastwise and foreign
vessels, Was 4,733,431 in 1911 and 4,684,846
in 1010,

MINERS WANT HOLIDAY ANYWAY,

One anthracite operator summed up
\the situation yesterday by aap log that |
the miners have been working ard er
than usual this winter and will welcome

The Perth Amboy Board of ‘Trade sent
Raer
President

of the operators committee an

eee

SO eee ee re tere teen ineeieeeamieenanareanee

|

|

HOUSE TO PASS LEE BILL.

It Extends Erdman Act to Coal Troubles
—Taft Favors It.

WASHINGTON, March 123.—The Lee
bill extending the provisions of the Erd-
man act to the troubles between coal
operators and their employees will un-
doubtedly be passed by the House. Ac-
cording to Representative Lee, author
of the bill, the President approves the
measure and hopes it will be passed in
time to be applied to the present situation
in the coal field.

The Erdman act in its present form
provides a means of adjusting difficulties
between railroads and railroad employees.
It has been invoked on a number of oc-
casions with the result that railroad
strikes have been averted. ‘ihe Lee bill
was introduced early in the week. Mr.
Lee discussed the terms of the measure
with the President, who, according to
Mr. Lee, said he approved the proposed
law and hoped that it would be passed
without delay.

Some question has been raised as to
the constitutionality of the Lee bill. It
is urged the business of coal mining does
not come within the powers of Congress
as provided by the commerce clause of
the Constitution. Nevertheless the House

committee has practically decided to;formation of this sort and they
ignore this objection, believing the Lee| prepared to face just such a

bill will stand the test of judicial pro-
cedure.

STRIKE CERTAIN, SAYS WHITE.

Says Operators Must Grant Concessions
Will Not Treat With Bear.

CLEVELAND, March 23.—A_ soft coal
| etritce which will completely tie up the
United States now is inevitable.

This fact was made evident Saturday
by the two counter statements issued
by mine operators and mine workers,
which forecast that neither side will recede
a particle from its announced position.
Suspension of work probably will come
April t

“Unless the operators offer us some con-
cession when we meet Tuesday,” said
President John P. White of the United
Mine Workers Saturday, “a strike is sure.
We cannot accept the present contract
again, We must have an increase in
wages. We will not negotiate with Baer,
the head of the Hard Coal Operators.”

“We cannot possibly grant the miners
an increase,” declared Charles E.. Maurer,
Cleveland coal operator, in reply. “At
the present scale we can scarcely compete
with the cheap, non-union West Virginia
coal. Strike* or no strike, we cannot
concede a raise. It would bankrupt us.”

The sixty-four operators and miners’
representatives gathered in Cleveland
Wednesday to draw up a new wage agree-
iment fur the sufi cual diggers of Ghiv.
Pennsylvania, Indiana and Illinois. Upon
this agreement, which is the basing con-
tract for all other soft coal fields of the
country, the conferees could not decide.

The operators first declared for a de-
crease of 10 cents a ton from the present
scale of 95 cents for the mining of every
ton of coal which does not‘pass through
an inch and a half screen. The miners
asked for the introduction of the mine
run_ system, to be paid 77.85 cents for
every ton of coal mined. This would
be an increase of 10 cents over the present
mine run basis, used only in a few States.
These demands and eleven others were
turned down by the operators after two
days of discussion, So tight was the
deadlock that a sub-scale committee was
appointed. All Friday the battle waged
and at 6 P. M. the sub-committee was
in violent disagreement, although the
operators offered to keep the. present
contract intact and not insist on the 10

cent decrease. It then reported its
deadlock to the conference, and it was
decided to adjourn until Tuesdayat 9A. M,

“The attitude of the operators is queer,
said President White. “They have been
talking about not inconveniencing the
public by suspending mining April 1,
and.yet they now ask us to adjourn until
Tuesday in face of the fact that our con-
tract expires within a week. They can't
be sincere.

“We were ready to go right on with
the negotiations. If the operators are
going to insist on the present scale then

why don't they say so? If they don't
grant us some concessions a strike is sure
to be ordered by the rank and file.”

Charles E. Maurer, president of the
Glens Run Coal Compan 1414 Rocke-
feller Building, offered tos how the miners’
representatives why the union operators
cannot, as they insist, pay bi r wages.

“The miners contend,” said Mr, Maurer,
“that their average pearly wage is but
$500. This is true, cause We cannot
give them work all year. Every time
we increase wages we have to increase
prices. Then West Virginia coal opera-
tors, who have cheap, non-union workers,
undercut us. This lessens the demand
and the mines are shut down part of the
year,

“We have miners getting as much ealery
as $45 a week, but the work is spasmodic

If we paid any better wages we cauldn t
operate at all, Strike or no strike we
cannot give in to the wage demand of the
union. It would be financial suicide.”

PITTSBURG AWAITS STRIKE.

Operators and Heavy Consumers Regard
Ticup as a Certainty.

PrtrtssurG, March 23.—Mine operators
and heavy consumers of bituminous coa)
in this district are convinced to-night
that the wage question will reach an
absolute rupture, with the closing of all
mines in the Pittéburg district on April 1.
Compromises proposed within the last
forty-eight hours have been rejected.
Mine operators and large buyers of coa]
are stocking all the surplus supplies that
can be secured. Mines are being pushed
to their utmost capacity.

How much coal is stored by mine own-
ers at out of the way mines in the Pitte-
burg district ia an unanawered question.
The total runs into the thousands of tons,
but it has been accumulated quietly.
Stock piles are part of the mine owners’
strategy—they not only affect the out-
come of the labor struggle, but have a
bearing on the market.

The railroads have piled great quan-
tities of fuel at all terminals in this dis-
trict. This week the Steel Corporation
began piling ooal. Heretofore it had
depended on ita contract with the Pitts-
burg Coal Company—the “combine”—
and had made no effort to accumulate
a stock.

Prices of spot coal have ranged from
$1.40 to $1.60 a ton the last three days.
* | Operators will not contract into April
at any price. Some lots have sold as
high as $1.80 to $1.90, slack coal at $1 So
being just 100 per cent. above the regular
yeur round price of 90 cents at the mine,

Pittsburg manufacturers consider them -
selves fortunate in having the non-union
Irwin coal field and Connellsville coke

field to draw from in case ofa proteases
strike although they will
districta famine prices for Geal’al comma
In the event of a severe famine the Con-
nellsville region would probably double
the normnal output of coal needed to sup-
ply its coke ovens, shipping the surplus

nto this district. This situation would

 

* anthracite coal miners| 4 guspension of a few days, because it | curtail the visible output of Connellaville
is one; will be only a holiday for them

coke, and would probably cause a near
famine in that commodity,

It is conceded that the Pitteburg dis-
triet mine owners, railroad and manu-

 

 

ett interests have stored more
than thirty days supply of stock coal.
Much speculative buying of prompt
coal been reported the last few days. |
Every possible avenue to secure peace,
has been canvassed by the coal operators,
who resent the imputation flung at them
by several reputable trade periodicals
in the last few days, that they are ac-|
a in the present situation in order |
at amine prices for overstocks of |
ue

As a last resortit is believed, the policy
committee of forty-five members of the
United Mine Workers will be appealed
to inClevelandon Monday. It is planned
to introduce a resolution recommending
to the membership of the entire order
that the miners continue work pending
efforta to adjust all differences; that
any ent reached at any time dur-
ing this continued attempt to comes
these disagreements shall be submitted
toareferendum of all the locals, the ulti-
mate adjustment to @ operative
as of April 1. The interests working for
peace have little hope for the adoption
of this final overture, however.

WILKESBARRE EXPECTS IT.

Six Weeks Suspension in Anthracite Field
Regarded as Certainty.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., March 23.—With
the departure of the miners’ union leaders
for Cleveland to consider the future pol-
icy of the union in its deliberations with
the operators comes the news that a
suspension wlll surely be declared in the
anthracite field on April 1.

Union leaders have long expected in-

 

thoroughly understood.

A six weeks suspension is certain to
come.
laid to test the strength of the union
by trying to work some of the collieries.
In only a few of the collieries will this |
step be undertaken, just enough to let |
the operators know whether they can
with ope undertake to break a strike
by mining coal.

It is known that men have been en-
gaged for duty behind the stockades
after April 1. Only to-day word came
from the farming section near Towanda
tat several young men of that section

accept positions with the coal
companies for duty after April 1. Scout
masters of the union have learned that
strike breakers have been engaged in
large numbers by eMployment agencies
and that from this class of men the com-
panies will try to select the material with
which to operate the mines,

The operators believe that the engineers
will remain at work. In the event of a
suspension there will be no reason for
this class of workmen quitting their
labor. But should the Companies under-
take to operate then a serious ques-
tion would arise. The engineers

ae Se

 

|

|

 

have | because it was regarded as an impossi-
situation, | bility for an agreement to be framed
but the plans of the companjes were not| and approved by both sides in time to

Well defined plans have been |

ave |

received all the demands they have asked |

when by State law the operators were |
compelled to
workday and
in wages.

If it is possible to keep the engineer : |
and pumpmen at work it is ible that
coal can be mined in some the col-

ive them an eight hour |

lieries. The plan is so well ‘understood | ing of the policy board of the miners ad-

that mine leaders aie preparing iv cuiu-
bat it when the anticipa ted suspension
comes at the expiration of the present
worki . ‘eement.

Distr leaders departed to-night for
¢ Sevelabd, where they will meet the na-
tional ers arrange the future
policies of the union. The men refused
to discuss their plans and none would
intimate that any effort will be made to
open the doors for another conference.
It is known the miners’ representatives |
stand ready to ain & ye the anthra-
cite questions ers, but the
belief is well entatlishes that the opera-
tors first show a hand and express
a willingness to discuss the demands.

President John T. Dem of District
No. 9, -Treasurer John M. Mack,
Board Members John Fallon, Stephen
Reap, Peter : veeavean id Vice-Presi-
dent Adam rere ge AL the |
party which tare for Cleveland, where the

conference with President White is to be | whole situation.

held Monday.

PEACE EFFORTS CONTINUE.

Another Conference in New York This
Week—Strike Belteved Inevitable.

PoTTsvILLE, Pa., March 23.—Local

 

 

id it without any decrease Coal Men of Region Expect Successful

| sides,

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS. |
LARA RRA

RO rns

ak ike.

“A Sale full of human Interest.

The Art Treasures of

ON VIEW TO-MORROW.

 

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS. ;

Bene Few re ow

an historic family."’

A Highly Interesting Collection of

Curios and

Old English Furniture

Heirlooms

( consigned from England and Scotland by the

MARQUIS OF QUEENSBERRY

FOR ABSOLUTE SALE BY AUCTION,

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, AND FOLLOWING DAYS
AT 2:30 P. M.

at Clarke’s Art Rooms, | 5 West 44th Street

Pasar.

(adjoining the Fifth Avenue Bank).
INSPECTION
The Sale will be conducted by Mr. Augustus W. Clarke.

i¢<

 

INVITED.

oR WAp,

     

 

>)
3)

o

 

 

termine if a common basis of agreement
cannot be reached.

There was little doubt to-day that there
will be a general suspension of operations
in the anthracite coal field on April 1

be substitutedjfor the existing agreement |
which expires at midnight March 31.

‘One of the operators here who is in
close touch with the situation said he
believed only an agreement between the
union and the operators will solve the
| problem. i

“The suggestion that the Erdman act
be extended to the anthracite region or
that the President of the United States
himself act as mediator is impracticable,”
he said. “The process is slow and cum-
| bersome and it is doubtful whether the,
result would be satisfactory to both}
especially as any award made
would be by some one not fainiliar with
coal region conditions or what the trade
has to meet.”

This statement was echoed by the local
members of the scale committee. }

“We are paying no attention to spec- |
tacular bypla ys made in Washington for
political atrect.” said one of them. “Phe
@p>erators and the miners can fix up their;
own affairs if they are left to themselves, |
believe, They have been dealing with
each other for a long time and they under-
stand each other. I think another con-
ference will be held within a week and I;
am hopeful of the outcome.”

WORD OF HOPE FROM SCRANTON.

{

 

Conclusion of Negotiations.

ScRANTON, Pa., March 23.—It is ex-
pected by coal men that before the meet-

tors.
the joint conferences will come from the

That the initiative for resuming

operators is indicated in various ways.
It has been proposed indirectly that the
miners consent to the abandonment of
| the sliding scale award of the anthracite
| commission and accept a flat 10 per cent.
increase
the mine

for Ceveland to-day, the offer is semi-

in wages.

officia] and gives an accurate line on just
what the operators are ogvaally willing
to concede, and that is a

10 per cent. with all present benefits, in-
cluding the sliding scale.
10 per cent. increase with the abolishing
of the sliding scale is looked upon as an
“opening wedge”

It has been known here for the last two
days that the operators were anxious
to resume negotiations,
abruptly terminated when the o
| refused all of the miners’ demands

NO COAL TRUST INQUIRY.

operators and the members of the United | Washington Says It Does Not Exjas Be-

Mine Workers’ scale committee residing |
here admitted to-day that another con-
ference between the union committee
and the anthracite operators will be held
in New York city within the next few |
days.

Both sides have been sounded by |
persons active in preventing a strike and |
each was found eager to arrange another
meeting. The plan most favored was to
have the operators and the scale com-
mittee name a sub-committee and then |
to have that body get together, take up|

the original demands of the miners and | in violation of the Sherman law, pre- showing that the vrusi
the answer of the, operators and de-| vented any such condition, it was said.

 

|

 

| journs in Cleveland there will bea formal
reopening of negotiations with the opera-
|

cause of Roads’ Attitude.

WasHINGToN, M
nationwide inquiry into an alleged coal
| trust by the Department of Justica was
made to-day by acting Attorney-General!
Fowler.
‘ence of such a trust without the coopera-
tion of the railroads of this country was
pointed out at the Department.
Interstate Commerce’* Commission, which
regulates the rates of the roads and is

continually on the lookout for agreements
between coal operators and

E

SALES BY AUCTION.

paar

09000000000000000000000000 ~o8 irtind sinter

Fifth Auction
Avenue Rooms

Toeorporated.
833-341 Fourth Av. S. 1%. Cor. 25th St.
HENRY A. HARTMAN, Auctioneer.

NOW ON EXHIBITION.

A display of exceptional merit
are of the attention of collectors
and those desiring home appoint
aaa of rare and exceptional
value

Rare Antiques

ASSEMBLED BY

Mr. James sear
of Philadelphia, Pa.

consisting of examples of the cab-
inetmakeris art of the

Colonial, Sheraton,
Hepplewhite and
Chippendale Reriods

comprising in part Ball and Claw-
foot Chairs, High Case Clocks, Es-
critoires, Sideboards, Dining and
Extension Tables, Piecrust Tables,
Highboys, Lowbovs, Chests of
Drawers, Card and Work Tables,
Dressers, High Post Bedateads,
Sofas, Cellarettes, Pier and Side
Tables, Desks, Bookcases, &c., also
rare old Sheffield Plate, Historical
China, Cut Glass, Clocks, Mirrors,
Engravings, Washington Andirons,
Fenders, &c.

The sale by auction takes place on
THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SAT-
URDAY, MARCH 28, 289 and 40,
1912, at 2:30 P. M. each day.

 

 

—

 

   

SSS a ES

     

 

 

 

 

  
   
  
  
  
  
 
     
       
  
         
    
 

 

A NEW NOVEL

BY

}

statecraft are gayly mixed.

“The Evening Sun”

Beginning Next Mondey, March 25th,

JUSTUS MILES FORMAN

“The Angels of Paradise”

With the Bohemia of modern Paris for a background,
this fascinating story presents an unconventional cross-

section of European politics in which love, intrigue and

: It will appear, for the FIRST time, exclusively in

1912

 

 

 

WASHINGTON, PREDICTIONS FOR
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.

othe

 

| Wor eastern New York, rain in southern
and rain or snow in northern portion
| to-day; somewhat warmer; probably fair

to-morrow; increusing southerly . winds.
For northern New England, snow to-day
}or to-night and probably to-morrow; moder-
ate variable winds Sunday.
| For southerfi New ‘England, rain or snow
| to-day and warmer in western portion; mod-
; erate southerly winds; fair in western and
| clearing in castern portion to-morrow.

Wor Now Jervey, rain and warmer to-day,
| With increasing southeast to south winds;
probably fair to-morrow.

NEW YORK, March 24-—There was @
, Storm of considerable energy central yes-
;terday over eastern Texas and moving cast
| northeast. It wae of wide extent Ite in-
fluence was felt in unusually heavy rain-
| falls in all the Gulf States. At New Or-
leans 4.22 Inches fell and at Vivkeburg 1,9
‘inches. Lighter rains reached eastward to
the south Atluntte comst and well up in the
| central Mississtpp! States apd cloudiness into
the lake regions, West of the Great Lakes it
| was clearing, with a few snow flurtics
only fair weather was in the northern: pert
Jof the middle Atlante States and in the
The temperature was
| below the freezing polnt in the morning
{as far south as Washington, and tn the
contral States svuth to Missouri, It be-
came warmer everywhere in the @fternoon
pexsert in the Northwest

In this city the day was fair and slightly
| warmer; Winds fresh and variable; humidity
| average 69 per cent.; barometer. corrected
| to read to sea level at 8 A. M, 30.d0; 3
Pp. M., 80.47,
The temperature in this city yesterday, us re-
corded by the official thermometer, ts shown
| the annexed table:

1912. =: 1911. | 1912
9A. M. 28° “2°; 6@P. M ‘.°
12 M. we we |. 9 T YM

| 3PM... we 16° |12 Mid

  

Seb
Lowest eens 23°, at 6 A. M.

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

ALMANAC THIS DAY,
5:52|Sun sets 6:12| Moon sets.12.@

HIGH WATER THIS DAY.

SandyHook.10:46| Gov. Island. 11:15, Hell Gate,.1,11

Arrived—SATURDAY, March 24.
Ss Celtte, Liverpool, March 16,
Ss Tennyson, Barbados, Merch 17.
Ss Mayaro, Trinidad, March 18.
Ss Moitke, Bernuda, Maren 21,
Ss African Prince, 'Prinidad, March 16
ds Kosagind, Halifax, March 2
Ss Lanipasas, Gaivestou, Mateh 15.
Ns Arapahoe. Jacksonville, March 20,
S)Janestown, Noctoik, Marcb 22,
os vowtner mange, Boston, March 22.
Ss Gloria de Larrinaga, Woston, March 21,
Ss Winyah, Jacksonville, March 2v.
bs Alpencia, Bostou, March 21,
$s Currier, Bostcn, March 21.

ARRIVED OUT,
Ss Ryndam, at Rotterdam from New York.
Ss Baltic, at Liverpoo) from New York.
Ss St. Louls, at Plymouth from New York.

SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS.
Ss Finland, for New York from Antwerp,

Ss Noordam, for New York from Kotterdan:
@ss Mauretania, for New York fram Liverpo ol.
Ss La Navote, for New York from: Havee.
Ss Cameronta, fur New York trom Glasgo
Ss Prinz Friedrich Wilhelm, for New Yore 1

| Bremen,

 

MINIATURE
Sun rises. .

  

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS.

|
| Sall To-morrow.

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET. Mien. ae
ao ,
340 WEST— Parlor and bedroom, Webareeivesitchnie aoe see
handsomely furnished; plano: exceptionally Alamo, Hrunswick..... tw eB
pepe awet Hane el elevator; Taleo large front single Princess Anne, Norfolk uP
- Sall eee oar 2.
| Panama, Cristobal.......... 13 AM, 30PM
stumen corraurs ro ment. __/fattbisegggecis RAN’ BRAM
As interpreted by SEACLIFF Ww aterview cottaes, four bedrooms. a tieume ttn epee nas Wedse
ers’ leaders here before they left | two baths; everything modern; fully furnished; | (O!wrno orcem, ta
City of Auanta, Savann 300P
Ear mine osancn: near beach and trolley; garage | 4 ahoe, Jack ill
near. Mrs. LEONARD, §1 Madison av., N. Y. Paria, Raciehe ee Joba
wee re oe ee oe Sall Wednesday, Mareh ‘7 .
flat increase o BUSINESS CHANCES. Campania, Liverpool... . 930PM 10 AM
x ~SALOONS—New York city: goed opportunities | Sere Cerra SAR ei
a es; | rmudian, Yr ‘
The offer of | $:00 up. HUPFELS SONS, ad av., 161st st. || Metapan, Colon. ‘bind - OAM, 1s OM
Kosaina, Newfoundland, ilo
yomeac he, gacusoaville pus o +09 ¥
for reconsidering the} Mr. Fowler said We did not believe Attor- | Lampasas, Galveston. ..... ie
ney-General Wickersham, who is to-day | | STOERA DS NORRIE es +r sees rare
in New York, had personally authorized| *Tucsday.
an inquiry. _ os
which were “I have never heard of it if he did,” ae | i ia eo
rators|s8aid. “Inspector Dewbody in Chi | Neene we aoe ;
has not received any orders from this 5 | Amelia nonce ss SPARD OOM) casts ERR d
office to make any such investigation. ” Doroth eo St. Lucia March i
CHIcAGo, Maroh 23.—-While represen ita- prentins beeeee Pearse tee perce :
tives of the Department of Justice are Fampania.................4verpool.. ry
busy in Chicago preparing data gathered Sopime ti... Re ea ae ea preaan.? eren 3
in a general investigation of an alleged Ametica Genoa... March 12
coal trust, dealers to-day denied that Hungarian Prince. EYRE: 7he AOREB IT
there was any trust bristopher Para ren ts
v4 Suics, it is said, will be filed simultane- DUE? dincoiag 7 nag ‘Mareu 21
23.—Denial of a] ously in several cities within two weeks. — yjeqw Amsterdam Rottertam.....:Mareh'ss
It is said most of the 500,000,000 tons of Kroonland. “oO Antwerp.......Maren 16
coal mined annually in the United States Minnetonka. , Southampton... Mareh té
is controlled by the trust. Railroad com- Ha\ayis . eR nOE Race) «3 aera
nies are said to hold stoc ware- | pS noure eeu * Mf
The impossibility of the exist-|}ouses and docks and “4 ee te ine ae mee att worst 13
fluence the supply and price of coal. Manzanillo Manzantiio ; aron 48
Suits in equity are now pending against Cavelina.... San Jued arch ©
The |Pailroads over this question. The de- Minnesota... Pa matus. +7 MOSES
fendants in the new action will becharged Gececana Bermuda ... arch 24
with attempting to control and manip- Crevle...... New Orleans,, March 2
ulate the emire anthracite and biiu- Mundo Galveston. gest arch 8
minous coal business of the United States, “OM#nen’ 14 ASO e arch &
Due Tuesday. March 7%
raitroads {and evidence will be presented, it is said, Hambur
has succeeded President Grant amburg. March 14
[1 Rocnanibeau, Hatee.... Mare 1 14
largely in this object already. Kalser Wilhelm der Gr., Bremen March 19
Hoenigi Lulse. . Bremen Marc’ is
toon remen ar
| C. F. Tietgen,. Christiansand. March 16
Marowijne., Barbados. atch 4
Tivives.. Kingston....... arch 2
Havana Havana .. arch 23
Cherokee Turts Island, .. March 2!
San Jacinto Galveston... March 20
Rilo Grande. Brunswick... March 25
| City of Montgomery... Savannah March 7%

By Marconi Wireless.

Ss Batavia, for New York, vas Af: Miles eaat ;

of Sandy Hook at 7:40 A. M. yeste
Ss Campanta, for New York, was 103 miles east
| of Sandy Hook at6 P. M
Se Rochambeau, for New York, was 1,260 miles
| east of Sandy Hook at 7 A. M.
6 Nieuw Amsterdam, for New York, was 1,80
aloe east of Sandy Hook at 10:10 A. M.

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.-- .

WASHINGTON, March 23.—The gunboat. Vieks-
burg has arrived at Corinto; the tenders Caatine
and Severn, the monitor Tonopab and the sub-
marines C-?, C-3, C-4, C-5, D-t,
| and E-2 at Norfolk; the battleships San Franctece,
| Loulsiana, Rhode Island, Delaware and Virginia
| at Hampton Roads.

The collier Abarenda has sailed from Shapghal
for Nankin, the transport Prairie from Gray esend
| for Weymouth, the battleship Florida from Bostoe
| for Rockland, Me., the crulser Washington from
La Guayara for Carlaco Gulf, Venezuela: e
colller Vulcan from Hamptou Roads for Baltimore.
| the collier Justin from Ame@pala for San Dioge
and the colller Celtic from New York yard
Hampton Roads.

Army and Navy Orders.
| WASHINGTON, Mareh 25, ~These army orders
| were Issued to-day:
First Licut Vai Brown, Medical Corps.
ash.,

tr >
Fort Lawton to Schofield B rack
Hawaii.
Capt. Pearl M. Shaffer, quartermaster, to irort
\ Leavenworth, Kap.
| These navy orders were Issyed:
' Commander C. P. Plunkett. from command of
| the Wabash to recruiting station, Bostoo.
Commander J. F. Hubbard, from recruiting
station, Boston, to the Asiatic station,
Cominander WV, W, Gilmer, from command of
| the Lancaster to recrulting station, Pollesetple.
Surgeon ‘. M. Wheeler, to marine bar s
| avd marine recrulting depot, Norfolk.

==

| SITUATIONS WANTED—MAL®
ee ee meen
| BOOKKEEPER, familiar all hases arenas
; and modern accoutning, foreign exchange, £0,;
| rapld, accurate worker, acpustomnen © to mana:
ment; responsible man with cl

cellent persouality, capable of handling iar; e
| staf? successfully; excellent correspondent, °
ergetic, ambitious. loyal and devoted to work,
desires opening with
| elsewhere, moderate salary to start; very highness ent
eredentials fdetity and ability. LD AR
REECE, 116 89th st., Brooklyn.

 

ee ne

i SITU ATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
sane a nnneedenteity
“HOL Si; WORK “Several neat colored girls os:

perienced, with good references, want
smeu faniities: ott ood Southerno he! a tor
» LINGOLN INDUSTRIAL, EXCHANGE
Ve Raekee: Aa West oth st. Phone 4786 Columbye.

| — a
| HELP W ANTED—MALE.
ae ron annetine
OPEN sitions for com nt men.
manager. Bo too: cereale ba ompe an steno raphe”
{ye office and eales pe Hons want Inte > it
‘ou are open ca a lervie
fu arti ee sroere MiGiLL

L (Agency), eS

er

The”

D-2, 0-8, E-t’

rm or corporation peve or .

 

/

Le ee een neean ne aie

f
;
t
i
i
'
'