‘SECOND SECTION.

Th

i

i = — eee
ation of “The Potteries” district are in |
dire want.

The Duke and Duchoss of Portland are
Personally relieving the distress of the.

miners in Derbyshire and North Notting-

ham. On Friday they distributed two |

Motor car loads of provisions. FOR FURNITURE
In practically every town the pinch is |

felt and the many people who depend |

z upon the idle workers have now to shift |

Strikers’ Funds Giving Out: Seat ene to obtain food and succor. THEY ARE ATTRACTIVE
; Skille by the thousands are HEY PRESERVE YOUR FURNITURE
ublie ini ow iting tor the 2 ‘ ) =
Publie Op on N tenes thd eo ’ = 8 a they | THEY ARE EASILY KEPT OLEAN
Hostile. eacdatana aoe thlapes oni THEY ARE-INEXPENSIVE

day that the negotiations are delayed only
adds to their misery and worry. A mill-

ion miners stopped work on March 1, that | upon Request # Representative Witt Call,
is definite; but the number of other peo-! teke Measurements and Submit Prices

ple forcibly unemployed cannot be ex- | BUY OF THE MANUFACTURER

iauice Gar casero THE THOMAS JONES
DECORATIVE GLASS CO.

ten millions or more. These figures look
impressive, but the difference between |
the numbers ofgmillions is not realized by |
the lay mind; the mention of a million is |
sufficient. |
Hudson Ave. and Concord St.,
wealthy of th ities and the help of Se ate
yo ese societies an 6 help o

private individuals are able to relieve some TELEPHONE 2929 MAIN.
of the terrible distress.

The cotton centres of Lancashire have | was also used to accommodate the guests
been hit and are rapidly closing down, | at the reception.
running on short time.

Foundries are prepared to stop busi-
ness, factories and workshops hitherto
| unaffected are shutting down and the
cement works at Midway will not resume

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

 

 

“JFADERS GET A SHOCK

 

Government Draws a Line
in Concessions to
Unionism.

RUSH TO MAKE PEACE

‘

 

Any Sort of Legislation Acceptable
to Save the Faces of the
Agitators.

 

The charitable organizations through-
out the United Kingdom have been
brought to the end of their resources.
Only the utmost efforts of the more
which means that more people have been | .
added to the army of unemployed. Most TN , ae taeda lay is th
of the f les in Leeds have shut down, le 26 general opinion here to-day is that
and the few that have remained open are |

DIRE TALES OF DISTRESS

 

Topics of London—Lady Craven Receives
-Fears for Capt. Seott—The Bible

| disaster in the lower regions of the earth
in the East—*Milestones.”

and that it is possible that he and his com-
| panions are marooned. If nothing is

Apevia! Cable Despatch to Tan Sux jheard from him in a short time, a relief
peo y

; expedition probably will be sent out
Loxpox. March 23.—While the post- | until coal supplies have been secured. f, uaienitia thicken: knwaver, (iis eee
ponement of strike legislation until next| In Hanley, a prosperous town, one-|j. 00+ ahared The geographical experts

week leaves the outcome atill uncertain, | third of the population is receiving as-
{' {s obvious that even if the strike pro- | sistance from public funds.

coeds {t will not last long. British public} Every community in England, Scotland
epinion, which was slow to crystallize | and Wales is affected by the strike, and it
has now been aroused to the point of | is feared that before the end of the indus- |

| believe that Scott has decided to remain

in the Antarctic es long as possible com-
pleting his scientific data and carrying
out extensive exploration. Capt. Shackle-
ton holds this view

resentment. It feela deeply the discom- | trial strife has been reached many persons The arrival at Wellincton, New Zealand
forts and actual suffering which the | Will have died as the result of suffering | 6 in, Japanose exploring expeditidy and
rtrike has entailed, not only upon those | 4nd starvation. The scenes witnessed in ithe announcer ent that none of the party
who have been thrown out of work | 80me of the cities are pitiful, men, Women ; had seen Scott is the peine ipal cause of
through the shutting down of industries | 8nd children pledging their last beiong- fear on the part of anti of & ott's frienda
for lack of coal but upon the hundreds | ings in order to secure funds to buy food

THE BIKE IN THE EAST,

of thousands of those who are emploved | 4!l the poorer class of people are without :
ae 4 oes Brig.-Gen, William P. Lia!ll, who sailed

and feal the effects of the widespread | fuel, and the suffering from cold is great.

huainess depression and the increased |Soup kitchens have been established in on the Mauretania to-day, had not heard
erpenses of living. ‘every town and cily, aud w iatge jiue of , WRether he would ha promoted in COng=

The leaders of the minere realize this | unemployed people form daily to obtain Guence of the retirement of Adj.-Gen,
and, what is more, they realize that the | 4 8mall ration. Ainsworth, Gen Hall has been on leave
Government, which had made such Pooh The situation has become so serious in Of absence since last Becomber in order
ceasions to the miners as led tothe belief | 80™Me places that the heads of the munici- , t© accompany Pastor Russell! of the Brook-
that they wore willing to do almost any- palities have reported to the Government !yn Tabernacle and otaers comprising

 

the committee of the International Bible
Studentsa Association, which has been
making a tour of the East. The com-
Mittee has been investigating the missions
and visited Japan, the Philippines, China,
India and Egypt. They agreed not to
discuss their views as to what they ascer-
tained uniil their arrival in New York,
when Pastor Russell will make a report
to the association at a meeting in the
Hippodrome on March 81.

Klaw & Erlanger and Joseph Brooks
have obtained the American and Canadian
rights to “Milestones,”

that they cannot be responsible for dis-
reached a point where it is likely to refuse | OTders. Food riots are expected to be-
to submit to further dictation. Premier | CO™Me general, and some outbreaks have
Asquith has already indicated that the | already oceurred in Scotland and Wales,
Government is ready to adopt strong} COUNTESS OF CRAVEN RECEIVES.
measures if legislation faila to settle| The Countess of Craven, who was for=-
the strike. What these measures are can} merly Miss Cornelia Martin, is the latest
only be guessed at, but significance is | political hostess. More than a thousand
attached to the speech of Viscount Hal-| persons attended her reception last night
dane, the War Secretary, at the dinner of | to meet Premier Asquith. Before the
the Fishmongers, because Lord Haldane | reception she gave a dinner to a company
vould hardiy have spoken in such a plain! which included Mr. and Mra. Asquith,
manner without the knowledge and ap-| the Earl and Countess of Granard, mem-

thing to eatisfy the labor unions, has

proval of the Prime Minister {bers of the Cabinet, and other distin- ~~ aoe pnepeeae, wiles Shey will
| . y Bent } Jew or” in 16 @@ Vv at nn

HALDANE'S WARNING guished persons. The house of the Earl with an English company organized by

of Craven is connected with the house of the authors and under the stage direction

of Frank Vernon.

_a perfect start she was seen to raise
the elevating rudder of her biplane in
order to reach the heleht called for by
the test, and then, when over 150 feet
above the ground, to make such a
sharp turn to the right that the appara-
tus seemed to lose all grip on the air
and dived straight down,

She could not retain her seat and
straightened herself up before being
thrown to the ground, while the aero-
plane, striking on its right wing, fell
over on her. Her injurtes caused her
death in a few minutes. ae

Miss Hernard was born in 1898 at
Troyes. In September last she com-
menced learning to steer an aeroplane
at Mourmelon. ‘

 

eucl

it

of the State to preserve law and order) ———————----—-—-
work. It ls for them to choose. On the!
to them the liberty to do so.” This is nard, the second woman to meet her
Premier in his apeech in the House of|to manage her aeroplane. The acci-
strengthened by the defeat of Mr. Bal-| She had started to qualify as an alr
«4 consolidating the Government. | hardly listened to their warnings.
Government stronger than the public/ brilliant success, Before the third and
to say definitely which party it prefers| which comes more natural in flying,
vil would not force dissolution empha-
growing bellef that the Government
kenerally believed, should have been
© return to work would be protected,
robably afraid to ignore. Added to
ue rapid depletion of the federation's
he federations war cheat is empty—
* dissatisfaction of other unions over

rs that a quick adjustment of the

ly. either through the enactment of

ie agreement which will make
leg

‘ral in the industrial area.

d by the coal miners’ strike alladmit

and added: “We have no right, we have seers ; e
WOMAN FLIER TOO DARING
ther hand, if there are those among them |
believed to hint at the “other measures, death while flying, seems to have been a
Commons the other day. |}dent occurred on the Etampes aero-
four'a motion to reject the bill, which is! pilot. Her comrades, who knew her
It adds that it has made it apparent! Two tests, which included flying in
+ supposed. The 7'imea, too, concedes that last her friends again begged her to be
to have deal with the strike, and Mr. Bal-| and only to turn in ascending. After
sized the Government's victory.
vould have the support of the country
adopted In the frat place, that Is an-
4ve created a situation that the miners’
‘hese facta, the willingness of a large per-
reilef fund, the willingness of the oper-
‘hich would insure that there would be
o¢ disastrous effects of the strike on
‘hie fs necessary to save their faces.
minimum wage bill and its acceptance
‘ation unnecessary is looked for by
* newspapers in their summaries of
vy that full details of the situation

Lord Haldane eaid that it was the duty | Bradley Martin, his father-in-law, which
no power, to make 850,000 miners go to}
, Who destre to work it is our duty to seoure| Paris, March 14.--Miss Suzanne Ber-
which, heaven forbid,” mentioned by the| victim of overconfidence in her ability
The Government has been considerably | drome.
onstrued by the Opposition Spectatur | daring, begged her to be careful, but she
that the Opposition is weaker and the | figures of eight, were carried out with
the motion gave the House an opportunity | careful, and always to turn to the left,
tour's declaration that the defeat of the :
These tendenoles, together with the
! it resorted to measures which, it is
vounoed that those miners who desired
saders, except some hotheads, are
ellege of the miners to resume work
‘tors that the strike shall continue until
6 ers strikes for years to come—end
Ler members, are enough to show the
crefore @ settlement of the strike
¥ (he Miners’ Federation or through an
rvera of the distress which is now
odustrial tleup and the distress
tuined, and that the meaning

‘ t he ot

‘he strike is yet to be made manifest,
‘eto @ leading article says;
® toor that the worst time has etill
i”, Whichever way things turn,”
KEEN SUFFERING,

‘ors poor are suffering keenly,
the supplies of provisions
kroatly reduced, the demand
' still more, An offer of the
ell coke at a low price led
rush for supplies of that

of distress in Nottingham-
fettobe terrible, Inmany
loyed are participating

bes and applying to the

! od. Soup kitchens have
leeds, where there are
rloyment. Several while
viet ac Cardiff fainted for

i Sealy a third of the popu-

 

eS VS ee Oe CE

MISS SUZANNE BERNARD IN FLYING GARB,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24,

apt. Robert Scott, the leeder of the Brit-'
jish Antarctic expedition, has met with!

by Arnold Bennett |

; 816.80 is the special for this ANNIVERSARY occasion -
for Z5c. to 3 Pairs for 75c. special price marked of $20, 2, $05 and ee ite we
| Children’s St, a 3 Pairs for 25c. ie ia in spring fabrlos are inciuded atnane therm.” The esying. ts

SECOND SECTION

e

 

 

. 1912.—copyrtont, 1019, bp the Sun Printing end Publiching Association.

 

ewe

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
PARAL PIAL AAR RAS

Power

FREDERICK LOESER @ CO. FREDERICK LOESER 6 CO.
me enon te

a

 

——w

 

 

;

|

$2 Comfortables for $1.29.

' Another Anniversary Record Value.
FIVE HUNDRED OF

 
    
   

ARE E COMFORTABLES,
I bought under most favorable conditions ehd bringing awondertu,

on An are BOUBLE BED SIZE, filled with the best white cotton, covered
x on both es, ani ava of attractive patterns
The Subway to Hoyt Street brings the Loeser Stote in pre lores. re vit

Within 17 Minutes of Forty-Second Street.

Twenty-fifth Anniversary.

N MARCH 24, 1887, the new Loeser Store in its present location opened its doors to the public. ,
Twenty-five years of growth and service have brought us to a Silver Anniv . How shall we celebrate it?
Without doubt, by an expression of gratitude to the Public, which has gi us so large a measure of confidence and sup-

ty colorings. No mail or telephone orders lled. None sent C. 0. D,
Basement.

  

 

|
|

   
 
   
 
  
    
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
       
      
   

  
    
    
   

O

port. ,

The little Store of twenty-five years ago has grown to be one of the great stores’of America. —_

We have resident representatives now in many of the foreign centers of f n and merchandise production.

We send our merchandise ambassadors to many quarters of the globe sevepal times a year to gather new and worthy goods.

The markets of the world are gleaned of their worthiest products for the Senefit of Loeser customers. : :

As our business grew we gained in power to do better for our customefé. Year by year we have kept the belief that this com-
munity of homes ought to have one of the best stores in the world, and oy# aim has been to provide such a store and to meet each
new evidence of public confidence with better service to the public.

We want to mark this twenty-five year milestone in a significant way. What better way than to take another step ahead in ser-
vice giving? 7

So for tomorrow and the succeeding days of the week we shall hold ao epring festival of VALUES all through the Store. Each
branch of our enterprise will contribute its share. In many instantes these special values will be more notable than anything in our
previous experience. In every instance they will be an offering of WORTHY merchandise of such STERLING merit as we try to make
characteristic of this Store and as is surely appropriate for a Silver Anniversary. .

May we have the pleasure of serving you here tomorrow @nd on the succeeding days of the week? Will you take for yourself

.

some share of the great values that we have prepared for this festival season?

|
j

Iv Anniversary Sales of
| Underwear and Hose’

Presenting Values Not Matched in All Amefica.

Embroidered Swiss Waist Frontings,

29c. and 39c. a Yard, Worth From 69c. to $1.69.
Four Thousand Yards. 18 to 30 Inches Wide.

NCOMPARABLE VALUES aro the order of the TWENTY-
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION, and the Em-

ONSTANTLY AND CONSISTENTLY have the Loeser offerings of .
C Underwear and Hosiery stirred widespread attention and made broidery Store comes forward with a matchless offering of
the values that have

new records of value, But notwithstanding

gone before und the low prices which we have initiated in thé selling mer-

chandise of the most desirable grades, we, tomorrow, offer/a stock of re-

\] liable spring and summer Underwear and GUARANTEED Hosiery at low

prices without parallel in the history of retail selling. It i¢ one of the moat
extraordinary of all the wonderful Anniversary Sales. AVe shall have

| Men’s 50c. to $1 Underwear at 18c. to 39.

'| - Women’s 12'4c. to 50c. Underwear at 6c.
to 25c.

|| Women’s 40c. to $1 Combination Suits at

18c. to 5

Children’s 25c. to 75c. Underwear at
12'%4c, fo 29c.
|| Men’s 15c. to 50c. Socks at 3. Pairs for 25c.
to 3 Pairs for 75c.

| Women’s ae Stockings at 3 Pairs

high ie embroidered Frontings of the finest quality of Swiss.
¢ ie a St. Gall maker’s surplus and ends of pieces that could
not be duplicated auywhere for at least half andin many cases
considerably more than half over to-morrow’s prices.
There are h of solid embroide ° rk pa' .
sons ante et ye ie, large tmal! medallion eclansrall dons

suggestions for the f lation of attrac-
ve white summer waists

ett SARY SASS EN eT area

women
epece on a main floor
Embroidery Store. Maia Floer. Neue Seat O. O. D.

/

 

    
    
  
     
   

Anniversary Sale of Men’s Suits,
$16.50, Instead of $20 to $28.

HESE ARE ABSOLUTELY NEW SUITS made for us bythe same good
T \atlore whe meke our finest clothing and made with just thesame
care skill.

  
    
   
   
  

@123 Imported Mackintoshes at $7.50.

tatosber direct from Bagland come just in time to make another
ane ay saa a poeiga Wear. Wery Coat is war-
Stamped Kimono Blouse Patterns
25c. Each, Regularly 50c.
In the Art Needlework Store.

N ANNIVERSARY COLLECTION of special values, which even
A sane those of our annual sales, invites attention in this section
morrow,

Women's Kimono Biouse Patterns,
stamped to our order op sheer cotton
voile and lawn in three exceptionally
attractive designs, an unusually pretty
one in the magpie, black and white

Men’s 50c. to $1 Silk Socks, 19¢. to 50c.
Women’s 50c. to $1 Silk Stockings at 29e. to 55c.

KN 51 ined ERT ISS SRE PETES, 0, 0, 0.
(An Anniversary Fountain Pen Sale.
‘ $2 Non-Leakable, Guaranteed Pens for 69c,

IVE HUNDRED PENS; A VALUE ECLIPSING EVEN THE FAMOUS
LOESER VALUES OF THE PAST.

These Fountain Pens were made to our order and by
safety device in the cap, which screws on the pen they are made n
0 ru r,
out e

» Pen pointes are of 14k fold and the barre!
c
We have them in two sizes, the regulation

 

 

|

 
 
   
    
  

  

|

  

e are
. They may be carried In any position whatever

z@ and also the
bag size. They are full $2 values for » each.
Not more than two to a purchaser and none seat C, 0. D.
Main Floor.

alf or

   
       
   

Skirts to match made with separa eo!
and finished in a pretty garian deaign
at bottom; $1.50 value, for......... A

Other Dresses stamped on voile, includ-

ing the kimono waist style and neat
ekirt patterns; four pretty Gentes:

 
  

e e effect. All full half dollar values Pregularly 61.75, @t....cccce cece ees
Beaded Fichus, Berthas, Garnitures LOE sscescvevesnesssrees M@O, euch | Stamped, yolle Hand Bags, ali made up
V 9.98 ad $3.98 We pave two pow distingtly | $00,, Bt..sssssecsecssssssesseses 100

$10 to $25 alues, at $ an $ r ‘also A, r to ped Stamped voile Nightgowns in t

These Berthas, Fichus, Boleros and Garnitures are the most exquisite affeire er are exclusive. atyie; regularly $1, at.............+.
that have come from France for the epring very one is as fresh ject The Waists are in the k style with Stypped blue and black voile Kimono
when ft first carne from the makers’ hands. The reason for the ex eot-in . Peplum frony| Walst Patterns, in several designe
rices is, first, concessions made on account of the Anniversary, and, next, act and afi Feculariy at $1, for.. each! regularly 60c., at........... eee e

hat this is a belated shipment.

Second Floor.

{ Women’s $3 Shoes for ™
$1.35.

A Phenomenal Anniversary Value.
HERE ARE ONLY TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY

These Dress Trimmings are rich with ellver and

h 1 beads td-
ered on net and chiffon and often claporately t ith Telos: Rare
dainty chiffon flowers in pale telehades, Many also ere o superbe

 

of seh, Lrizaminge as we hove bac os season. Sitios teak iaie
6 8 are ect and entirely new, ari

had the duuiicetes Of many of the designs for teh re Roe will easily be the

“making” of a beautiful gown.

$2.98 for Designs That Earlier Were $10 to $18.
$3.98 for Designs That Earlier Were $18 to $25.

Matin Floor,

( $10 Bon Ton Corsets at $3.98.

 

 
  
   
  
  

E ARE FORTUNATE TODAY to have one of the best offerings of
W new Corsets in all our experience—and this group of Ton
Corsets heads the list.

The models are correct for spring. The Corsets are of fancy ote Hate b
in white with blue and pink ai setibroldered,fituree To} ned with Cee
lace and ribbon. Garters to match the material. Sizes 18 to 26.

Mme. Binner $5 Corsets At 82.50.

F f the best five-dollar models at half price. They are
long hip styles with low and medium bust. ed with walonn:

elzes 1% to 80,
$3.50 Guaranteed Corsets At $1.75.

ifand € garters,

 

 
 
    
   
       
     
       
   
   
     
        
 
 

Anniversary

Reductions on Furniture Prices.

PACE IS SO MUCH AT A PREMIUM TODAY that we will list simply

S typical offerings from the Furniture Store. This Anniversary sea-

son brings many chances to buy good Furniture at low prices that
have not been equaled except in our annual sales.

Even if your special requirement does not appear to be listed hére
you will be very likely to make just such savings as we do list, if you’oome
tomorrow,

$14 China Closets, 90.35. =|

$40 Crystal Closets, $31.75.
#16 Buffets at $12.75.

819 Dressers at 913.76.
$20 Dressers at 614.78,
840 Grandfather Clocks, 826,
$12 Dining Room Table, $8.75. | 22.50 Morris Chaire at $12,
a $17 Dining Tables, $13.50, |818 Brass Bedsteads at 8914.75.

Upholstered Furniture at 20% to 50° Off.

We shall continue this reduction sale of standard and new Upholstered Furni-
ture for parlors, libraries and living rooms, The Sale isa room-making eveat toive
us place for the extensive collection of summer euretcure which we wish te show,
Onty this condition is responsible for the reduction in prices.

; ‘Third Fleer.

 

   

  
 

PAIRS, but they
peevtee one of the very best Shoe values ever offered inthe Loeser

tent leather with black cose tope; the otber

There
ee with Goodyear welted soles and neat

Mats Floer.

Q

 

    
  
    
 
  

6258 Austrian Chine Dinner Sets,
elf,
me pretty one-tone
rder.
Dinner Gets,

Rioh maroen border, overlaid
» Towes and ferns in festoo:

S85 Limeges China Dinner Sets
610.08.

UNDRED-PIECE SETS of just the character you would chooseif you
had all the
@6, Porcelain , Dinner Sets, 08.068.
G1O Porcelain Dinner Sete at 65.08, | 98° Austrian kins
@28 Porecinia Binccr Cote, 06-00: | nan = & Semtinucus border.
with gold
ne.
ular 100-plece Seta, opereted with

( Third to Half Clipped from
Dinner Set Prices.
H world's uct before you. e selected best thus
marked down in price:
dgcoraied wen forel epreve in gord and “ pan rests,
send tare? piece, becker fonien # Sinall pink oor between two gold
840 Austrian China Dinner Sets,
ular 1 Bets, Boral epraye ia 610.08.
§° ‘ colors, alternating ia a border
re ABs Dinner Sets, 90.08.
blue forget-me-nots, richly
G18 Percelain Dinner Sets, 021.08.

Rose clusters with gold lines, full golf
knobs and handies.

lar 100-plece Sets, devorated with | 94@ Limoges (hina Dinner Sets, 923.
pinks roee and daisies in a continuous; Choice of t reo dainty herder pattern»,
" full gold knobs and es.