TALO-AMERICAN
MARRIAGES PERILOUS

French Lawyer Takes Up the Case ;
of Lulu Davis Moschini
in Rome.

 

ETRUSCAN ART
Prof. Marthe. an Italian Expert, Differs |
From Prof. Wempl on the Indo-
Enropean Issue.

 

 

Panis, March 23. The case of Vittorio
Moschini, the wealthy Italian Deputy
who is trvine to get rid of his wife, who
was formerty Mise Tailu Davis of Austin
Tex., again illustrates the danger of in-
ternational marringes unless they are
safeguarded by expert legal advice.
divorce does not exist in Italy, Moschini
Peeks to get rid of his wife by bringing a
@eparation suit to make absolute a pro-
visional separation granted in April, 1911,
anda suit for the nullification of the mar-
riage based on technical irregularities in |
the identificition papers of Miss Lulu |
Davis at the tire of their marriage.

When ¢! Italiun lawvera persuaded
Moschini's wife to leive Rom» last June :
ahe visited Trouville and then cams to
Paris, where sho underwent a severe
operation for appendicitis, which was
performed by Dr. Cuneo, one of the two
leading surgeons of the city. Dr. Cuneo
became interested in her story and ad-
vieed her to consult Avocat Delhoumeau,
who as secretary of the League for the
Defence of Individual Liberty readily
undertook to assist her gratis.

Maitre Delhoumeau has just returned
from a week's investigation at Rome,
where he assured himself that Signora
Moschini was received in the highest
society, being a friend of Senator Greppo,
the dean of tho world’s diplomats; Prince
Casafa and the Marquis Rudini, and that
she took part in the exclusive Rome fox
hunt. M. Delhoumeau, who guaranteed
payment of Signora Moschini's bills at
hotels in Trouville and Paris in order to
obtain the release of her effecta, toldthe
correspondent of TH Sun that he had
advised her to return to Rome and face
the possibility of arrest, which was threat-
ened before she left Italy. He said he was
giad to take up the case on prinaiple. He
added:

“What Signora Moschini's past history
was I do not know, but I am certain that
nothing can be alleged against her since
her marriage. On the other hand, Signor
Moschini has used bis influence asa Deputy
to nave the jiegai tormaiities siurred over
by allowing the marriage to be hastily
performed without the knowledge of his
relatives. At the same time he used his
wealth to engage twenty-seven leading
lawyers, loevine her practically none to
choose from I do not hesitate to say
that she was induced to come to Paris in
the hope that she would commit some
act to strengthen her husband's case.
Moschini engaged detectives in Paris to
watch her continually.

“The alimony, the reduction of which
Moschini now seeking,” continues
Maitre Delhoumeau, “was never paid
punctually. The American Embassy in
Paris is unable to help Signora Moschini
owing to the fact that her marriage made
her an Italian citizen, while the Italian
Government is not eager to press pro-
ceedings against a powerful Deputy. I
should certainly have applied to the Wash-
ington Government for some action if
an attempt had been made to arrest
Signora Moschini on her return to Rome,
as I cannot believe that an American
woman by marrying a foreigner loses all
claims on her original nationality

“Moschini,” said Maitre Delhoumean,
“supports his demands for the nullifica-
tion of the marriage by his wife's use of
the name Davis, although her mother's
name was Swin. ‘This is explained by the
fact that her mother married a second
time. He alsoalleges that she was known
as Olga Allen and that she useda docu-
tment in which Ettore Pini is given aa the
name of her father. She explains that
Pini was a friend of hers and allowed the
use of his name in order to save time when
she was obtaining a paasport.”

Avoeat Delhoumeau showed the cor-
respondent the pleadings which had been
presented to the tribunal in behalf of Sig-
nora Moschini by her Italian counsel,
which could not be printed in a non-Latin
newspaper. They depict the sudden and
overwhelming love of the middle aged
Deputy for the young and beautiful Amer-
ican woman, and declare that long per-
suasion was required to win her consent
to marry him. The sudden death of the
fierce flame and her cruel realization that
it was not a wife he wanted but an orna-
ment for hia household resulted in angry
soenes before the servants.

When the correspondent showed Prof.
Martha the articles in i'n & Sun on Etruacan
discovery he emiled in a pleasant manner
and replied that they interested but did
not astonish him. Ho continued: *You
heave In America Prof. Hempl, who has
devoted much time to the subject. I am
aware that his opinion is diametrically
opposed to mine in maintaining that the
Etruscan belongs to the Indo-European
family. He upholds a theory held by
many savants before him without being
able to prove it. No result was ever ob-
tained from this theory.”

The correspondent asked Prof, Martha
if he was acquainted with Prof. Hempl's
works on the subject. He replied: “I
only know what has appeared in the news-
papers and reviews. Knowing his meth-
ods, it # sufficient that I cannot agree with
him. Hesent mea pamphlet this summer.
J read it most attentively and confess that
it left me far from convinced. I might
add that I had an advantage in more leg-
ible inscriptions for studying than he had.”

Asied how he began his studies in
Etrusean lore twenty-five years ago,
Prof. Martha replied; “It's longer than
that, [ began studying Etruscan tombs
and other antiquities about 1880. I felt
urged to seek an interpretation, and after
studies in Rome and Athens published
a pamphlet in 184 on Etruscan art, I
won a prize ofered by the Academy of
Inscriptions with a larger volume in 1889,
I afterward became Latin professor
and studied ancient Latin. Believing
the Etruscan to be the Italian language,
f searched for connections between the |
Htrusean and Latina,

ie

 

 

 

Is

 

 

| Marguerite is Marguerite de Valois, the

 

| auxiliary to replace negation.

| thetical

THEORIES | roind

}also composed a grammar in accordance’!
| with everything that could be learned |

| same sense.
jcould be employed in giving

peculiarities of these tongues and found
two remarkable ones.
“The first was the use of a negative

was the employment of a suffix to express
possession. I found the same uses in the
Etruscan, and thereupon noted that cer-
tain words whose meaning could almost

| certainly be guessed from the inscriptions

were found in the Finno-Ugrian. Then |
I reasoned that since the Etmfscan has a
Finno-Ugrian appearance, let us assume |
that it is 80. Then I composed a hypo- |

dictionary, always bearing in
the Finno-Ugrian phonetics, I

about the oldest Finno-Ugrian grammar, |
“I applied to this testa and found, I
could translate and in every text the
same words could be employed in tbe
The same grammatical text |
natural |
consecutive translations,

Prof. Hemp! that one of us must be wrong.
I do not think it is I.” i

 

[COUNT BOR! MAY Y

The second

ET
BREAK GOULD BOND

Evidence of “Lack of Consent” in
the Marriage May Be Made
Stronger.

CAMORRA TRIAL VAGARIES

 

 

Restoring and Beautifying St. Peter's
—Italy’s Bost Peace Terms
for Turkey.

|
Special Cable DespatcA to Tum Son |
Rome, March 23.-—The decision of the |

I must confeas | Court of the Rota declining to annul leearch for clues.
|that really to follow my process it will] the religious marriage of Count Boni de | Italy is daily furnishing news of clues and
| be necessary to wait seven months, when | Castellane and the Duchess Talleyrand- | contradicting others

|my book of $00 pages giving complete! Perigord, formerly Anna Gould,
| Words in Etruscan, a short grammar, many questions of Jaw and the interpre-/|are being published and their arrests
Ag | translations of inscriptions, commentaries | tation of evidence, and it is possible that | recommended
;and a dictionary will perhaps convince | Count Boni's appeal to the tribunal of | has been arrested,

opens

the Segnatura will be successful. The
annulment of the marriage was refused

 

 

THE SUN,

 

the territorial integrity of European |

Turkey.

It ia likely that prolonged negotiations
will follow. Italy will probably fix a
time limit within which Turkey must
accept and warn the Powers that at the
expiration of this limit coercive measures
will be taken to enforce peace. It is said
that Russia will support Italy in any de-
cisive action against Turkey,

The police have not decided whether
Antonio Dalba, the youth who attempted
to assassinate King Victor Emmanuel,
is an individualist anarchist as he alleges,
an agent of the Young Turks, an emissary
of the Salonica committee or an ordinary
criminal paid by anarchists or chosen by
lot. The confusion of the police has been
increased by the action of the Govern-
ment in undertaking a separate investiga-
tion and the judicial authorities who are
entitled to participate in the inquiry
have added to the mess by an independent
Every newspaper in

The names of

F.very tramp in Italy
Many foreigners have
been arrested but their names have been
kept secret. The police yesterday ar-

 

 

 

 

|

SUNDAY, MARCH 2%, 1912.

 

suspicious foreigners

HOLLAAD 1S SLOWLY
SINKING, ENGINEER SAYS

The Dutch, Though, Are Planning
to Make New Land by Drain-
ing the Zuyder Zee.

 

 

'QUEEN MARY’S NEW SABLES

= From King George—A Surgeon's

Qualifications—Aviation Get-
ting Safer.

Lonpon, March 14.—M. Blaupot ten
Cate, writing in the /ngénieur, suggests
that Holland is slowly einking. His
theory is based partly upon the subsidence
of old Roman buildings

Such apparent subsidence is known in
| other countries, but in these cases it

sinking the surrounding or superposed
soil has risen. The old Roman street that
ran through London is now eighteen feet
below Cheapside. At Aosta in northwest
Italy the Roman pavement of the Via
Pretoria is from eight to ten feet below
the present level of the ground. The
Cathedral of Notre Dame in Paris was
formerly approached by a flight of steps,
which have now disappeared. With re-
gard to Holland M. ten Cate says:

“A certain number of Roman edifices,
the entrance to which must necessarily
have been from the level of the ground
when they were built in the first, second,
or third century B. C., are now awash
at high tide. An examination of the
foundations shows that they have sunk
from five to thirteen feet.

“Jn certain low lying plains of Holland
that have been drained for long years
the level of the ground has fallen a little
over a foot in two centuries.

“Finally, the formation of the Zuyder
Zee and of the Gulf of Jade, in northern
Germany, leaves no room for doubt as
to the subsidence of the soil in that part
of Europe in fairly recent times.”

But in spite of this gradual sinking of
the soll of Holland the construction of
the great works for the drying of the
Zuyder Zee will not be allowed to cease.
The Zuyder Zee covers 700 square miles.
It is estimated that the construction of a

\: probable that instead of the buildings

   

miles flown, or one for every 60,000 miles,
showing that fatal accidents have de-
creased by half, taking account of the
distance covered.

The machines constructed in 1911 num-

bered 1,350, with a total horse-power of
80,000, as compared with 800 machines
and 37,600 horse-power in 1910. Twelve
thousand passengers were! carried in-
stead of 4,800, 18,000 trips across country
were made instead of 8,000 and 30,000 hours
were spent in the air as compared with
8,800.
The us6 of free balloons has not suffered
by aeroplane competition, for from the
Aero Club’s park alone 412 ascents have
been made as compared with 247 last year,
and 1,245 persons have taken part in these
ascents instead of 600. The total number
of miles covered has been 45,979 as com-
pared with 21,600, and the time occupied
2,678 hours instead of 1,523.

The details of the census taken on
March 5, 1011, are now available for
Paria and the Seine departments. The
figures show that Paris has 80,639 houses,
1,123,634 families and a total population of
2,888,110.

Many severe things have been said
of the inartistio qualities of man's dreas
in modern times, so that it comes as a
pleasing surprise to hear a word spoken
in ite defence by no less an authority than
Antonio de la Gandara, the portra:t
painter.

“In the first place,” he says, “peoplo
dress very well in these days. Thus, as
regards the men, think of their evening
dress clothes! Admire the sober lines,
the perfect harmony! One dazzling point
alone in the whole costume, the white
surface of a shirt front, and all else is
blaék, nothing but black.

“Do you know anything more beautiful?
Never, possibly, has man's dress been
nobler. In a century’s time, it will be said,
‘With what perfect art men of @hat time
used to dress.’ ”

M. de la Gandara is painting a portrait
f Mme. Lina Cavalieri, in which the
singer is wearing a kind of jupe-oulotte,
that oriental form of dress which was
killed by ridicule and exaggeration be-
fore it had time to prove ita capacities.
The painter defended the choice of cos-
tume on the und that “contemporary
dress should always be used for portraits.
No dressing up or old time disguises
should be allowed.”

So Mme. Cavalieri will appear at one
of this year's salons in a now out of date
dress.

 

 

CARD SHARPERS HAD
BUSINESSLIKE Wis

Surprising Revelations at Rev
Trial for Swindling in
Berlin.

 

if

 

HAD A CLEARING Tiotsp
enmeenbecieisetinananiode nh

Methods of a Band Shown in Letters

Seized by the Police—Case ;

of a Baron.

 

Beruin, March 11.—One of tha res))|),
of the card sharping trial just conoyidoed
in Berlin is the discovery that the bapd of
sharpers concerned carried on thoir gjyr.
ations in a systematic way and amin

| other arrangements kept a sort of Varo.
pean clearing house for the recepti#h' ang
distribution of their plunder, = =

The discovery of tho latter foatge of
their operations was made through; the
seizure of correspondence in the hams of
a member of the band. From thiamfap.
peared that the sharper who wot! was
under an obligation to remit his wharlthes
to a certain address, where the magoy
was divided in accordance with gulos
previously agreed on. is 80 a

In support of this view is the fact‘that
promissory notes taken from the ‘victtms
were never drawn in favor of the winning
sharper, but passed to a third person,
whose duty it then became to make the
necessary arrangements for turning it
into cash. To this end one of the oon-
federates would pay, or rather pretend to
pay, the winner the sum lost and take a
promissory’ note for the same from the
loser.

Evidence was given as to a typical
case in which one of the band ‘named
Hervart, who represented himself as a
Hungarian cavalry officer, won naarly
$5,000 from a German Baron whose ao-
quaintance the band contrived to maka
in Venice. In this case the sharper,

| dam acroas the mouth would cost $18,375,-
| 000 ang the process of draining another
| $05,000,000.

The Prinoe of Wales is to join his father
| in his early morning rides in the row,
| but the Queen has decided not to allow
| Princess Mary to do so,as she does not
want to have her daughter stared at, as
| Would inevitably be her fate, while she is
, still so young. ,
| “The way that children are encouraged
lto make themselves conspicuous,” says
| one polite commentator, “is not only a
| social nuisance but bad for themselves,
and it is to be hoped that the Queen's
good sense may be emulated in a thousand
other households.”

Since her return from India Queen
| Mary has been wearing some magnificent
‘sables. They were the coronation gift
| of King George.

The coat and muff are of picked Russian

sable skins and are of as fine a quaNty
fie those of the Empress of Russia. It is
| said that for years the Queen had wished

 
   
  

y . 1 in Be R
WON'T MAKE ARRESTS AT SEA. | Bulee,thechief, socased on tral in Boll,

German Shipowners in Congress Dety | bility, paid Hervart the Baron's losses
Courts—Americans in Berlin. and got from the Baron a promissory
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sux. note at three months date for the amount
Beruin, March 23.—The congress of The note found its way to Borlin, whera
German ship owners ratified this week | an agent, who was well acquainted wit!
the decision of the North German Lloyd the Baron's financial situation, under-
Steamship Company to refuse to instruct took to cash it. A characteristic letter
ie" Commanders tO Siresy passengers |t-om Buies to thé agent was fead in court
on wireless orders from the Foreign Office th this Buies wrote:
or judicial authorities. The decision is “Thank God. We’ tuve. éained oom;
the outcome of the refusal of the eee thousands of francs. In a hotel whor>
of the steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der the Baron was stopping and whes
Grosse to. arrest an American passenger | other gentlemen whom I serve alse i!
on a wireless opder from a Berlin Judge. up were some very fire rich ‘peopic
The CO PORY supported the captain with whom I can do as I will, The hot
and issued instructions to its commanders | proprietor is our good friend. but‘charjea
that they had no a ee of arrest | enormously Still this does not mutter
and would be liable for the consequences eee ee . ice
of illegal action. Their duty was only to | long as wo a maling oe, ,
see to it that the passenger did ‘not feave The great o rject of the bahd was :)
the sbip before the arrival of the polics. have the promissory notes remewe 4, a+
Representatives of the Foreign, O.fica | this would form a legal recognition of 1:
and the Ministry of Justice who were Lolaine ' ‘

resent at the congress promised that . * ate
Shere a captain made a mistake he would Once the Baron,” 80 ran one sentan®

WINDOW SMASHING RAID OP THE SUFFRAGETTES IN LONDON,

HIS ASHES IN DISPUTE. .

Two Claimants for Relic of Early Free
Thinker Offered in Parts.
Paris,March 14.—-A man named Prou-

Tours, has offered the Paris Municipal
Council a marble urn, shaped like an

 

 

 

mainly on the ground of insufficient | rested & Rumanian
evidence and only subordinately because |

“the pacific cohabitation of the parties

and their willing continuance of the con-

named Tacit. The
press censor permitted the name to be
| telegraphed abroad and then stopped
; all reference to the case. Tacit's fate

jugal relations for eight years and the,is now a mystery.
teau, Hving In humble circumstances at generation of offspring,” healed any de-

fective consent. It is evident that if

There is no doubt that the result of
| these feverish investigations will be the

'Count Boni can produce any further and | Same as in nearly every crime committed

old time lantern, which 1s sald to con- | better evidence that the consent was j in Italy, that is, that sooner or later ali
tain the ashes of Etfenne Dolet, who | defective the annulment cannot be re- | the suspects will be released for lack of

was burned in the sixteenth century as |

fused. Count Boni's lawyers pretend to

evidence. This came near happening

a freethinker and whose monument 1s | be convinced that their appeal to a higher | after the assassination of King Humbert

to be seen {n the Place Maubert, Paris.

The urn, covered with a pewter top,
has the following inscription on it: “The
ashes of the martyr E. Dolet. His
friends in France. Year 1644.
Marguerite D. F." On the top are the
names of the three towns, Ambotse,
Paris, Lyon.

Prouteau obtained the urn from his
father, a laboring man who lived near
the Chateau of Chambord, where he is
belleved to have found it. If genuine
the ashes must have been collected after
Dolet was burned and preserved by his
friends.

Before the city authorities of Paris
had time to pass upon the authenticity
of the relic as a preliminary to accept-
ing it they received a letter signed
“Eugenie Dolet, the widowed Countess
Prud‘homme de la Boussiniere.” The
Countess describes herself as a direct
descendant of Etienne Dolet and there-
fore the legal owner of his ashes. She
explained that she is 73 years old and
has a@ small annuity, enough to live
on but not enough to let her do mu
for her grandson, Etienne Dolet, who:
father was killed in the Transvaal war
fighting as a volunteer with the Boers,
She is willing to present the urn and
ashes to the city !f the city will pay her
$100 and pay Prouteau $40.

A committee of the council has been
appointed to examine into the genulne-
ness of the relic. The experts who in-
quire into the matter will no doubt be
Surprised if they find that the urn has
not been opened, as a peasant’'s first
idea on getting possession of such a find
would be to see what {it contained. The |
inscription will raise some doubts. “His |
friends of France" is a peculiar phrase
in connection with a man who had no
friends elsewhere. “Marguerite D, F."
{s presumably “Marguerite de France.”
This was not Marguerite de Navarre, |
the Queen Margot of whom Dumas
writes, as she was born six years after
Dolet's \death, Another Marguerite is
the daughter of Francis 1, who is not
knowp to have protected Dolet. A third

 

*Thua for vears | followed Prof Hemp!'s | sister of Francis,

theory, but have never obtained adefinite |
result

Many historians hold that Dolet was |

One day the idea occurred to | not looked upon as « martyr to free

wne that certain inflections which were ‘ought until recent times, that he was

taken for forms of conjugations were
suffixes of some form of declinat.on.

1) had
believed I could see these suffixes were ; books, the

condemned by Parllament on the com-
plaint of a woman whose husband he
killed, and for sellingy prohibited
profits of which interested

the same for verbs as for substantives,| him far more than any heresies they
41 sought the language where this was the | COMt#!ned, and that he was first hanged

@aee and found it in the Finno-Ugrian

and then burned, so that the Paris

alive is historically incorrect.

| occasion of the recent jubilee of his car- |

ecclesiastical tribunal will be successful.
The King's Procurator in the Camorra

trial has withdrawn the charges against |
M. B, | four of the prisoners for lack of evidences |

These four are Ibello, Arena, Chirico and
Maria Stendardo, the “common law wife”

of Nicolo Morra, one of the alleged prin- |

Cipals in the Cuoccolo murders, and they
will be acquitted. The indictment against
the priest Vitozzi has been altered and
his chances of acquittal have thereby
been Increased. As a result of these
actions, the trial will probably be short-
ened. Only seventeen of the forty lawyers
for the defence have decided to address
the jury. Judge Bianchi hopes now that
the trial] will be concluded in four months
at the very latest.

Having restored the pavement of the
apse and the transepts of St. Peter's at a
cost of $33,000 the Pope has decided to
undertake the colossal work of casing in
with marble the pilasters supporting the
donie and the vaulted roof, which is now
merely stucco painted in imitation of |
marble, The work will be enormously
expensive and will take many years. |
Cardinal Rampolia, who contributed
$6,000 to the pavement, promised on the

 

dinalization to defray the cost of facing |
one of the great pilasters with marble.
A Frenchman has contributed §7,000 to
this work,

While it is announced that Italy's memo-

randum of che conditions on which she wilt,

Turkey consent to acessation of hostil-
ities withwhich was deliveredto the Am-
bassadors of France, Great Britain, Ger- |
many, Austriaand'Russia, will be kept se-
cret, it is known that the acceptance of the |
Powers’ offer of mediation will be based |
on the recognition of Italian sovere
ignty in TripoliandtheCyrenaica and the
withdrawal of Turkish troops. If ‘Turkey
accepts these conditions Italy will recog-
nize the spiritual authority of the Sultan
as Caliph of the Mohammedans, respect
the religious freedom and customs of the
population, pardon all who have resisted
Italian rulo, compensate the creditors of

 

| distant future.

jand actually happened after that of
Lieut. Petrosino and also in other crimes,

SUEZ DOESN'T FEAR PANAMA.

Effect of Competition Between the Two
Canals Discussed.

Panis, March 14.—The annual report
of the Suez Canal Company, drawn up
by Prince d’Arenberg, as president,
refers to the coming competition of the
Panama Cana! in theso terms:

“The Panama Canal may be opened,
will be opened as is now certain, in a not
I persiat in/seeing in the
Panama Canal a complement to rather
than a competitor with the Suez.

“The latter will always remain the short-
est sea route between Europe and the far

| East and will preserve the superiority

conferred by the existence of frequent
calling stations. There is no need to be
afraid of the Panama Canal, provided
always that the Suez Company will carry
out in due time all work necossary t
prevent any lack of proper progress. "

“The Panama Canal will form a wide
and deep thoroughfare, wider and deeper
than the Suez Canal with its present
dimensions. Its existence will encourage
the building of larger vessels and no
insuperable barrier must exist between
the Mediterranean and the Red Seas for
such of these ships, which commercial
combinations, impossible to foresee, may
ring from the country naturally served
by the Panama Canal into that which the
Suez serves.

“We trust, furthermore, that when the
Panama Canal is opened our tariff will be
much the same as its tariff because we
trust that the future has in stoze for us
|further increases in profits which wll
allow us to make fresh decreases in our
tariffs while still guarding, as we have
always tried to do, the interests of ship
owners and of stockholders.”

During the last fifteen yoars the depth
| of water in the Suez Canal has increased
‘from almost 25 feet to 28 feet, while the
| passage has become more rapid and mora

 

the Ottoman public debt for loss from
customs, pay for the expropriation of

n rty, resume relations with
= cums a Ron nee representing him as being burned | State property

Turkey and guarantee with the Powers

_

eofe, although ships have increased in
number and dimensions. In this period
of fifteen years over $16,000,000 has been

tin improvements. The tariff
Ye RT Hy a

\ 7 .

| for these furs, but declined to possess

| | girls in London.
| |

them because af the expense. They
reached her as a surprise, she knowing
nothing about the order until the box
containing them was opened.

Queen Mary is very economical with
regard to her own things, and as Princess
of Wales she wore for many seasons a
favorite mink cape. Furs of a soft brown
please her most and although ermine and
miniver are exceptionally becoming to
her she is said to dislike both.

Fashion {s powerful, but it is also sensi-
tive. Yen days ago the Dorothy bag
was carried by thousands of women and
To-day few are to be
seen, for the suffragettes have given the
bag its death blow.
smashers found the
Dorothy the most convenient kind of

The window

handbag in which to carry stones and
hide hammers, and now the very sight of
oné:jn the streets is sufficient to make
{ta.owner an object of suspicion.

The political salon, run by a grande
dame, which was once a potent factor in
English politics, has long been dead,
bat English “women atill take an
important and active part in politics.
And they. do not confine their intellectual
activity exclusively to politics. The num-
ber of society women, for example, who
are daily attending lectures in London is
almost amazing. .

The most erudite lectures at the London
University have scores of fabkionable
women taking notes. The causeNes in

various branches of French history ‘end
literature, of which two or three are held
every afternoon at high fees, are attended
by crowds of fashionable people who
listen attentively. These causeries are
of a semi-publio nature, but there are
numberless private assemblies held in
West End drawing rooms to hear instruo-
tive papers in French or German or to
discuss seriously the leading topics of the

y.

Sir Frederick Treves, whose fame as a
surgeon has been worldwide for years,
has just retired from his various official
posts. He retired from active practice
as a surgeon some time ago when his
fame was at its height and long before
there was any reason to apprehend any
decay of his faculties, for he has only just
celebrated his fifty-ninth b irthday.

“I gave up,” he explains, “not because
I was by any means past work but simply
because I had got tired of my work after
twenty-six years of practice.”

He was once asked what were the quali-
fications of an ideal surgeon. His reply
was rather surprising. Genius, at all
events, he declared, was not necessary.

“Genius,” he said, “is some sort of
neurosis—an uncaloulated nervous disease.
The few men of genius I have met were
exceedingly impossible persons. They
are certainly entirely out of place in the
medical profession, where even clever-
ness is not to be encouraged. Indeed, of
all desperately dangerous persons the
‘brilliant’ surgeon is the most lamentable.
‘Cleverness’ finda ite proper field not in
the operating theatre but at the Egyptian
Hall, the well known establishment in
Picoadilly where, until a few years ago,
Maskelyne and Cook, the famous
“wizards,” performed their illusions.

At the general meeting of the French
Aero Club M, Besancon, the secretary,
read a report on the progress of aviation.

  
    
   
 
  
  
  

not be called to account.

The second dinner of the American
Chamber of Commerce of Berlin in honor
of its Hamburg members will be held at
Hamburg on March 28. The Panama

in the seized correspondence, *agre>

if oniy once, to a prolongation, no pr >-

tests on his part will be of atly use.”
There are probably half a dozen similar

Canal will be the principal subject of | companies of swindlers at present at work

discussion.

Flora Sackville-West, daughter of the |

former British Ambassador at Washington,

will shortly appear here as a classical |

dancer.

J. B. Thayer, vice-president
Pennsylvania Railroad, and his son have
gone to Lausanne to join Mrs. Thayer.

J. G. Thompson, the new American
Deputy Consul-General, has arrived here.
He succeeds J. G. Young, who goes to
Genoa as Consul.

 

|

 

on the continent of Europe, travelling
separatoly or in small groups from on»
fashionable resort to another, livingin (1)
best hotels and enticing victims by thor

of the | fineclothes, high sounding titles and man-

ners which the simple minded or inexperi-
enced consider charming. More often
than not the attractive power of the band
is strengthenod by tha presence with them

jof a woman accomplice,

 

MLLE. EDMEE CHANDON, ASTRONOMER. :

 

 

 

 

FRENCH WOMAN ASTRONOMER, | Miss Chandin was born in Pat's

 

Miss Edmee Chandon First of Her Sex
Appointed to Paris Observatory.

Paris, March 14,—Miss Edmee Chan j attracted toward astronomy and as *
. . ht “ °

as assistant |
| Sernneaer at the State Observatory, |

don, whose appointment

Paris, was cabled to Tie Sun, bas in

With her untvergity  afstinetjons

;could have easily obtained a place
| Professoy In a high schoot ‘for girls. |
|from childhood she had always !

as possible she appiled for admission
as student at the observatory, ! ’
she has now been appointed as

With regard to the danger of flying he | her appearance and manaers nothing of nelronoiner,

; pointed out that in 1910 of twenty-nine
mortal accidents ten ocourred in France
for a total distance flown of 300,000 miles,

 

there were seventy-one fatal accidents,
twenty-six in France for a total of 1,680,000

the bluestocking. She is of average
j belght, ithe and plender, with pleasant
keen eyes, which Hght up a face that ts

first place in her final examinatiogs ir
mathematica in 1908, ' '

‘
A

or one for every 30,000 miles; in 1911|.somewhat grave. as betits ane who took Klumpke, the well knowe aatrono

{ Miss Chan Iqn ts the. first wool 1
Yrance to reeelye

Went an

an officlal ap!
astronomer Mi Vind
’ ‘

jonly has the phivilege of using a

‘| Government observatory eas a tecugal
‘ton of her services. to, science.

pte Me os yr
sy tat ey) bo aang

.