has demanded the app!
| of coal consumption.
It may seem superlatively ridiculous

WIDESPREAD DISTRESS. [seu
‘DUE TO:COML STRIKE erste

| Supply of coal on hand and the ability to
| get all it wants abroad should have begun
to economize its fuel with as much regard
for every lump of coal as is shown by the

| householder of moderate means, The
| attitude of those who attend to the heating
| of the House of Commons isa case in point.
Ithas been customary for some mem-
bers of the House to remain in the com-
fortable, well lighted, well heated reading
and lounging rooms of their Parliamentary
establishment for hours after adjourn-

 

Almost Every Branch of Industry
in England Has Been
‘Hard Hit.

WORKERS ‘FEEL: THE PINCH

foation of economy| KING IN WILL CONTEST.

Alfonso of Spain Wants the Half Million
Left by an Alleged Lunatic.
LonpoN, March 14
Spain is disputing the possession of a
lunatic’s fortune with thelunatic’s niece
| land natural heir
|. Last October M. Albert Sapne, ex-
Mayor of Cazeril, died in an aystum for
jthe insane, When his will was opened it

|

King Alfonso of

was found that he had left “his fortune, |

| his titles of nobility audhis honorific dis
it¢nctions” to King Alfonso. M.
| was posseased of no titles or decorations,
but his fortune was a solid fact in the
| ahape of about half a million doliars,
The will was signed and witnessed in

Sap ne |

‘CHARGES ‘NOT SUSTAINED wee have,, On’ the. veber Wane; hear

Some Mines May Never Reopen—Union |ment. The practice has been on the part

Funds Low—Effect on General
‘ Public. ~

'

Lowpon, March 18.—The strike of the
soal miners is leas than two weeks old,
sut the effect on industry is very serious.
It ja necessary only to read the headlines ,
in the daily newspapers to realize how |
widespread and calamitous: is the pre-
vailing industrial distress. ‘Nearly every
pranch of industry has been hard hit,
ind an astonishing number of concerns |
«hose business is not even remotely, cons |
nected with the use of coal have been |
affected.

The railway workers seem to have been |
nit about as hard as the employees of
any branch of industry. Their own par-
Heular strike depleted the funds of their
trade union and there is little if anything
in the union’s treasury to care for the|
men thrown out of work by the action |
of the miners in shutting off the supply |
of coal.

On some railway lines train service,
ooth passenger and freight, has been
ut to a minimum, to what is termed
a compulsory service. Week ehd ani
junday excursion trains, especial trains |
‘or fox hunters, trains for commuters, &
rast army of whom live in the suburbs of
London—in fact, all trains of a special
sharacter—have been discontinued of
nearly évery railway system in England,
scotland and Wales.

One railway company has tried to run
ta full service, but all the others have
made curtailment in one or more of their
ranches. Some have gone to the extreme
ot closing passenger stations in thickly
settled communities where stations are)
not far apart and local transportation to |
hem by street cars or other cheap means
ie available. One railway company ha
withdrawn its employees and locked the|

 

 

joors of fourteen stations in London
and ita suburbs.

In order to make the distress of unem- |
oloyment as little felt as possible, the rail- |
way companies have put their employees |
yn short time in order to give employment
to all. im the raiiway shops the em-
ployees have been harder hit than the
trainmen for the necessity of utilizing
all the coal at hand for running trains
has brought locomotive and car building |
to an end. . }

The railways are said to be doing their |
utmost to keep the big cities -upplied with
provisions, and this accounts in a measure |
for the heavy curtailment of: passenger |
train service With the knowledge of the |
present discomforts of travelling people
accustomed to make railway journeys are
staying at home. This tends to relieve
the situation somewhat. But the com-
partmente of British railway trains are
frightfully overcrowded in spite of the law
against that practice. |

First class compartments are fitte | with
six seats, and those of the second and third
classes ‘with seats for ten each. The eeats
run crosewise, and the passengers face
each other. With from fifteen to twenty-
five people crowded into one of these com-

partments the discomfort, approaching |
suffocation, is such as to make a New York |

‘ubway car:in the rush hour seem a
luxury.

One of the worst features of the situa-
tion is the prospect of irreparable damage
It was conceded by the Miners

Federation that engineers and others |
necessary to perform the duty of keeping |

mines from flooding should be permitted
to remain in the service of the mine owners.
some of the engineers refused to take ad-
vantage of this permission and went out
with the other workers.

In consequence of this some mines are

flooded, and it is doubtful if they will;
be reopened. A condition that has pro- |

duoed the samé disastrous result is found
in the refusal of miners to supply enough
coa) to run the pumping eugines. |

Mannsell, a miners’ agent, has declared |
that he did everything to induce the
miners to get sufficient coal for this pur-
pose. A newspaper ihvestigator who
has been though the Black Country says
that when the present stock of coal for
pumping purposes is exhausted “half the
pollieries at least will never open again.”
There is a widespread opinion among
coal owners and shippers that British
coal prestige will never be full regained,
and they are saying that the trade that is
being lost by the striké will go to the
United States,

Plettty of evidence is at hand to sup-
port this view. Experience has taught
business men in this country that once
diverted British trade seldom if ever
returns in full measure and they are ex-
pecting as a permanent: thing a severe
curtailment of coal output as well as loss
in the coal carrying trade.

And how is the United Kingdom de-
meaning itself during this crisis? There is
gloom throughout the land. The natural
seriousness that marks the people of
England appears to have deepened.
There is gloom also in Scotland and Walesa
whose great industries are being stifled. |

From all over the land come stories ct |
distress. Children particularly have felt
the effects of the changed conditions—
that fs the children of working people
on strike or thrown out of work through
the stoppage of the coal supply. Jn
some places they are going breakfastiess
to school. The souphouse has become a
reality again.

How the strike has gone beyond mere
industry in ite blighting power and has
affected praotically every line of human
effort and everything else that goes to
make up the sum total of human comfort
and pleasure is shown by the lose of
business by the theatres. London man-
agers who had planned to send com-
panies through the provinces have can-
celled their dates, mainly on account
of the uncertainty of train service but
partly because there has been a falling
off In attendance at theatrical perform-
ances. One syndicate has closed its
music halls in the suburbs of London
because the patronage wasn't eufficient
to pay expenses.

It might be euppoved that with the
ample preparations made to weather the
storm through the accumulation of great
quantities of coal when it was plentiful

and cheap the pinch of the fuel famine | ¢g¢ 1,"
would not be felt by those who had been go |

prudent at this early stage of the strike,
which is lesa than @ fortnight old. But
the supplies that seemed bounteous and
\ dwindling with alarming. rapidity and the
Uncertainty ag to the length ‘of the strike

| downward every week.

| and it is the intention of the federation
| to cut the weekly allowance in half.

proper form and was on the point of being
carried into execution when the natura

jheir, a niece of M. Sapéne, put in her
}claim, This she based on the fact that her

} aed was Crane e or eee in 1998,
three years before the will Was drawn up,
comfort than rooms at home heated, or | and this fact, combined with the reverence
supposed to be heated, by grate fires. All| to titles and distinctions which the dead
this remaining after hours in the purlieus | Man never possessed, she maintained was
of the House has been brought to an end sufficient to throw suspicion on his state

of mind at the time the will was made.
by an order that heat should be turned off | After this it was thought that the King

as soon as the House adjourns and electric | would renounce his claim. But appar-
lights shall be supplied only when abso-jently h» hankersa after the ex-Muayor's
lutely necessary. | $500,000, for he has instructed his legal

A . (advisers to demand that an inventory of
wad eta Winn ole ople in England, Scot the estate be made and that the property
ales who appear to be enjoying | be held in chancery periding the decision

themselves in these days of trouble are the | of the courts.

of these to stay until the small hours of
the morning. Probably they found the
modern, central heating arrangements
of the House much more conducive to

ee

   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
  

T STRIKE,.

“PLEASE DON
DADDY ”

 

mine workers. They look on the strike |
period as a holiday and are making the
most of it. Reports from the colliery dis-
tricta tell of a general indulgence in sports
and pastimes.

Whippet racing {s a matter of every day
instead of once a week. The whippet is |
a lithe little dog, a cross between a grey- |
hound and a terrier. He is trained to
regard a colored rag as something that |
needs immediate attention. The racing |
whippets are held at one end of the course |
while their masters at the other end wave |
colored rags frantically until the dogs be-
come wildly excited. When the word fs |
given the dogs are released and each dog
strives with might and main to got to his)
particular rag in the shortest possible |
time. Then there are pigeon flying and
other forme of sport and amusement. |

This atate of things cannot last long, |
however. If the strike isn't settled soon |
the miners and their families will feel the |
effects of it as emphatically as the hun- |
dreds of thousands thrown out of work |
by their action are feeling it now.

The Miners Federation had plenty of |
money. They thought it was adequate |
for a long struggle and had arranged to |
pay the strikers sums varying from $2.50 |
But at the end
of the second week of the strike half this i
money will have been paid out in some |

districts and more than half in others, |

The railway men, factory workers and |
others whose means of livlihood has been |
been’ cut off or curtailed through the}
failure of the fuel supply are worse off |
than the miners. Their unions had their |
treasuries depleted in comparatively |
recent strikes and there is now practically
nothing left to support the unemployed.

This ‘condition enables a good many
employers to regard the situation com-
placently. The mine owners in partiou-

lar are smiling grimly over it.

 

Y) CY Tote

, AOQMW

i)

  

COUNT WITTE WARNS RUSSIA.
en |

He Sees Danger in a Hostile Attitude Trains Square and Shorter and Veils
Toward China at Present. Reduced itn Length.

@r. Pwrerssuro, March 9%-—-Count] Lonpon, March.14.--The early courts
Witte Is seeking persistently to force a) at Buckingham Palace are always of
reentry Into Russian politics, After|!importance, from the fashion point of
a circumstantial condemnation of the | view, and this season more 80 than ever,
Russo-English convention as it affects, for both the Lord Chamberlain and

COURT DRESS CHANGED.

Russian interests in Persia, he now | fashion have promulgated new sumptu- |

speaks out vigorously against the Rus- | ary laws,
sian State Department Interfering in| Posted up in every fashionable dress-
Mongolla. making establishment is a copy of the
“For one grab that Russia could make} Lord Chamberlain's latest. decree on
ott the outskirts of the Chinese Empire ‘court dress. To the @gret of the tall,
Japan could make three,” he declares. \gtatuesque Woman,’ @ fairly common
“And Japan would wish nothing better ‘type nowadays, the stately old four yard
than to have Russia's initiative as @, train has been abolished and the day of
pretext. the short square train has been officially
“China will get over her present un-  jnaugurated. According to the new rule
settlement and will be a very great ‘the skirt. of the gown should extend not
Power. All Russia's Interests should bless than fifteen inches on the ground,
impel her not to do anything during ;and the regulation length of the court
the present phase !n China to give rea- }train is three yards from the shoulder
son to the leaders of Chinese affairs for; and the width at the end is fifty-four
thinking that Russia was scheming to nches, but in any case, so says the Lord
take advantage of her transition. Chamberlain, the train should not be of

“The creation of a definitely hostile ;
attitude in China toward Russia would a greater length the ground than

do such damage to the Czar's emplre in
the next decade that no diplomatic suc-
ceases in Europe would compensate

The. Nationalists and the Novoye
Vremya are diametrically opposed to
Count Witte. They keep urging M. Saz-
onoff, as director of foreign policy, to

fifty-four inches tus giving a square
effect.

The veil too has been reduced by one-
quarter of itw usual length and should
not now exceed forty-five inches, and
there isa slight alteration in the arrange-
ment of the feathers, the three white

seize the favorable opportunity and to} feathers mounted as a Prince of Wales's

counsellors and military

tical
feoeuens money inte Mongolia,

instructore and

@ now being worn slight!
adm ee

| Useful

COLLIERS DAUGHTERS.

BR LTR Rs

VIVISECTION APPROVED
AFTER LONG INQUIRY

Conclusions of Royal Commission
on the Subject in
England.

Results Obtained by
“From Experiments Made
on Animals.

Science

Lonpon, March 13.--Six years ago
Parliament, in deference to* the outery
against vivisection, appointed a royal
‘commission to inquire into the whole
matter. The commission consisted of
| ten members, who took evidence between
| October, 1906, and March, 1908, The long

delay in presenting the final report has| {is more markedly so now than was the |

| been due to the death of two commission-
(ers and the illness of others, The report

 

SHIE PERSONAL SID)

Of the

ITISH COAT
£ STRIKE /&

A, 1912.

 

 

of subjecting live animals to experiments
by vivisection and otherwise, the commis-
sioners formulate the following conclu-
sions:
|

 

We have ‘received evidence from per-
sons eminent in physiological, pathologi-
eal and sanitary science who have testi-
fied to their belief that knowledge has
been acquired in regard to the vital func-
i tions, the causes of diseases and also in
| regard to means for their prevention and
cure Which, in their opinion, but for such
experiments, could not have

many witnesses, some of them having
} medical qualifications, who have disputed

been ac- |

 

"MASCULINE DECADENCE.

Faults Found by a Paris Priest in French-
men of the Day.

Pants, March 14.—-Among the allevia-
tions of Lenten rules open to Paris
society. are the weekly lectures de-
livered by Mgr. Bolo, one of the most
eloquent priests in Paris, who always
treats of some topic of the day. His
inaugural address this year dealt with
masculine decadence.

Mer. Bolo declared that this deca- |
| dence dates from the Revolution, of |
which two characteris{ics were anar-

 

 

7 oo

PRINCESS WHO
MARRIED FOR LOVE

‘Frederica of Hanover Has Just
Celebrated Her Sixty-fourth
Birthday.

 

CHOSE A BARON, NOT RANK

ichy, which broke down all constraint,

—_——-= &---——-—

| that valuable knowledge has been ob-
| tained by such experiments, maintaining
that this knowledge has been erroneously
attributed to such experiments, or who
, have contended that success has not at-
}tended the application of the knowledge
‘to the preventive or curative treatment of
‘ disease.
Having witnesses who

regard to the

have appeared before us, and to the evi- |

dence which we have received, there can |
be no doubt that the great preponderance
of medical and sclentifie authority ts

| against the opponents of vivisection. This

case before the Royal Commisston of 1875.
| From a general consideration of the

os
As}
Mp

ry

I

| is unanimous and cordains nothing of al evidence the commisstoners are led to

{

 

 

 

nature to please the anti-vivisectionists. | think that although certain results claimed | coachman when three

In the first place the report dismisses,

almost contemptuously, the charges made | by vivisection as beneficial in preventing | bound and gagged him.
ce) gi

by anti-vivisectionist witnesses against
the administration of the act which strictly
regulates the conditions under which’ all
vivisection work may be done, and also

| the charges against individual vivisection-

ista licensed under the act. Every case
was carefully investigated, with the re-
sult that one woman's assertions, which
were of a Very strong nature, were gently
declared to have been “founded on a mis-
apprehension,” while “other witnesses”
have “either misapprehended or inac-
curately{described the facts of the experi-
ments.”

The commissioners point out that in
recent years the value of the experimental
method on animals has been largely
recognized by the public at large as well
as by varlous public bodies and that this
recognition has taken practical shape
in various ways, such as:

(1) The foundation of schools of tropt-
cal medicine, subsidized by the Colonial
Office and Colonial Governments and the

and blasphemy, which killed all respect.
'The masculine downfall is aggravated
in modern days, he sald. The con-
temporary revolutionist may have more
| varnish than his great ancestor, but he

is: more barbarous, and Mgr. Bolo enu-
| merated the symptoms of the evil he de-
nounced. First came trreligion.

“The number of people who only con-
| fess to a Magistrate, who only do pent-

 

‘tence In prison, and only communicate
‘in taverns is ever increasing,” he said.
“To the man of the boulevards who has
| his laundry done in London and goes
jto sleep dreaming that some monkeys

ne

 
    
  

have extingulshed the stars, I prefer the
trogiodyte of the stone age, who, in the
evening, in the presénce of the starry
i heavens, felt vaguely
God. This is’ more’ a man than the
other.” : ‘

Lack of enthusiasm, ignorance, lack
of education, lack of politeness and
respect, lack of courage, anti-militarism,
drunkenness are further defects of the
age. Another symptom was “syste-
matic celibacy, a strike of husbands
who do not wish to be inconvenienced
and fear the burden of marriage. If
they marry it is for material causes
and the’ married life is submitted to
sabotage.” Sahai

Mer, Bolo.concluded his address in a
hopeful strain.

“In our cowntey, where the national
conscience has seemed ‘to recover its
strength during hours of difficulty,” he
sald, “there flourishes a revival of good
| sense and patriotism. ~This country

|must be raised again by its women, chief |

| victims of male decadence, and they will
not fail in that duty.”

KIDNAPPED AHMED RIZA.

Tale of Masked Men and a Conspiracy
From Constantinople.

Lonpon, March 14.—From Constantino-
ple comes a mysterious story which recalls
the darkest days of the Hamidian régime.

The Union and Progress Committse

was holding a meeting the other eve-
ning, and tothe residence of Ahmed Riza,
the former President of the Turkish
|Chamber, a carriage had been cent as
usual to convey him to the meeting place.
Ahmed Riza noticed that the carriage
windows were heavily draped, but he
paid no attention to this until after a
while he became aware that the carriage
was not taking him to his destination.

 

P rs

 

-

He opened the door to question the
masked men,

i from time to time to have been proved armed with revolvers, juinyed in and

or curing disease have been proved sub-
| sequently to be useless, nevertheless,
{| 1, Valuable knowledge has been: ac-
| quired in regard to phystological processes
}and the causation of disease, and that
useful methods for the prevention, cure
j and treatment of certain djseaser have re-
}sulted from expérimental investigations
| upon IHving animals,
2. As far as they can judge It is highly.
| improbable that without experiments made
on animals, mankind Would at the present
}time have been tn’ possession of such
knowledge,

3. There is ground ur belleving that
similar methods of nivestigation, If pur-
sued in thé future, will be attended with
similar results,

It may be noted that this last oon-
clusion of the royal commission has al-
| ready been amply justified. The oom-

 

mission has made its report entirely on

} the evidence it took in 1006-08. Since
; thea much has happened. There is not a
word in the report about Flexner's work

The carriage
stopped in a remote part of old Stamboul,
and presently Ahmed Riza foand himsel
in a room where some twenty masked
men were seated at a long table.

He was subjected to a searching cross-
}examination on the intention of the
| Young Turkish party with regard to the
| Tripoli: war, the army and navy, the new
{elections and other political matters,
| His answers were taken down in writing,
|and every time he hesitated a pistol was
| pointed at his bead with the threat of

instant death if he refused to disclose

the details demanded.”

 

Ahmec Riza thought discretion was the |

| better partof valor, and afterward he was
blindfolded and taken into another room,
where he was shown a large treasure.
It was explained to him that he was in
the power of a secret organization, whose
objeet was to destroy the Constitution
land replace Abdul Hamid on the throne.
After this the Young Turkish leader

| was again blindfolded and eventually |

appontment of research expeditions or | 0M spotted fever and infantile paralysis, ye found himself in the small hours of the

commissions to investigate on the spot
such diseases as sleeping sickness, plague,
malaria, Malta fever, &e.

(2) The foundation of an imperial re-
search fund for the purpose of Investigat-
ing cancer. ’

(3) The appointment of a royal com-

jssion to investigate by experimental

thods and otherwise that great scourge
the human race, tuberculosis,
_ Frome full inquiry into the pre

the’ presence cf!

Practice | the vi

nothing of the complete results of the | morning aud somewhat dazed in a little
(preventive treatment against typhold) gileyway off.the Bosporus, With diff-
fever in the British army in India and the | quity he made his way back to the Union

recent army order in the United States | ang Progress Committee rooms, where |

making this protection compulsory, and ae ‘ ,
not a word about the later figures from | oe PIERS 8 Grane
the Pasteur Institute and from the hos-|

The secret police are supposed to be |

/Marriage Made by Queen Victoria
Which Caused Disapproval but
Ended Happily.

Beriin, March 9.—One of the most
interesting of European royalties, Prin-
cess Frederica of Hanover, celebrates
‘her sixty-fourth birthday to-day. She
is the daughter of King George V. of
Hanover and his consort Queen Mary,
who before her marriage was the Princess
of Saxe-Altenburg. At the time the
kingdom was turned into a Prussian
province she was 18,

Her mother, Queen Mary, continued
for many years after the annexation of
Hanover to reside with her two daugh-
ters, Frederica and Mary, in the fortress
of Marienburg in Hanover, which was the
Queen's personal property until ex-King

|George went to live in Paris. There
he was joined by Frederica, who enthusi-
astically shared his political views and
grievances.

As a consequence no one was more
| popular than she with the Hanoverian or
Guelph party in Hanover, and for her
views and decision of character she was
much preferred by that party to her
brother, Crown Prince Ernst August,
now better known as the Duke of Cumber-
land. Frederica when in Paris was
greatly admired for her beauty and spirit,
and gossip soon comnected her name with
that of the Duc d’Aumale, who indus-
triously paid court to her until she gave
him to understand that his suit was hope-
| less.

Ex-King George died in Paris in 1878,
\.All the family were assembied at the death
| bed and it was expected that Princess
Frederica would accompany her widowed
mother to Gmunden, the Austrian resi-
dence of the family. Shedid so, but only
for a few months, when sheaccepted an
invitation from Queen Victoria to take up
her residence in England. Victoria de-
sired a marriage between the Hanoverian
Princess and her younger son, Prince
Leopold, and failing this, a marriage
between the Princess and Victoria's
widower son-in-law, Grand Duke Ludwig
| of Hesse.

Yne union was iooked forward to with
| approval in Hanover and its announce-
|ment daily expected, when instead a
|note appeared in the London Times
saying that Queen Victoria had given
her consent to the marriage of Princess
Frederica of Hanover, Great Britain and
Ireland to Baron Alfons von Pawel-
Rammingen, for many years adjutant to
|ex-King George. The wedding took
place in Windsor Castle on April 24, 1880.99

The marriage was a mystery to the
| people of Hanover and the aristocracy of
Europe. Only a few days previously
| Hanoverians who had been in England
| brought back word that reports as to
the possibility of a union between their
favorite princess and a mere baron were
unfounded,

Then it became known that a mutual
affection had long exjsted between Fred-
erica and Von pred aad that Frederica
had confessed it on Queen Victoria
| pressing her for an explanation as to why
she refused the proposed aliiances with
Prince Leopold and the Grand Duke of
Hesse. To ciear the situation Queen
Victoria insisted that Frederica should
marry Von Pawel. This right to command
she possessed as head of the House of
| Hanover, and Frederica’s own mother was
not even consulted in the matter.

Frederica’s marriage caused excite-
ment and disapprova! among loyal Hano-
| verians, who for long took the view that
jat least Freder ca ought to have had the
lassent of her brother, Duke Ernst of
Cumberland, the de facto head of the
royal family of Hanover, The Princess's
pictures were taken off the walls of the
houses of loyalist Hanoverians, and while
she was no longer known as “our Princess”
her non-royal husband was slangily re-
ferred to as “Push Pawel.”

Elsewhere than in Hanover the news
of the marriage was sympathetically re-
ceived. English papers partioularly
| painted the union in romantic colors as
|that with a “knightly, noble and faithful
| servant of an unfortunate king, who de-
apised the high honors awaiting him as an.
officer in the Prussian army and preferred
to share the bread of exile with his royal
| master.”

Detractors, on the other hand, pointed
| out that Von Pawel was the son of a simple
| privy councillor who entered the Han-

|
|

toverian army as a cadet at the royal ex- .

pense. He was present at the battle of
| Langensalza in 1866 as a Lieutenant, but
| left the army immediately thereafter to
| devote himself to the service of the King.
| He accompanied the exiled monarch to
| Paris, where he managed the ex-King's
household and where he was brought into
intimacy with Princess Frederica.

Almost thirty-two years have passed
since Princess Frederica married the
;man of her choice. Her relations with
her mother had long before the latter's
death become affectionate and normal.
For years also she has been reconciled
/with her brother, the Duke of Cumber-
land, and she has even once more become
the favorite and toast of the Guelph party
in Hanover.

LABOUCHERE’S FORTUNE.

Classes of Securities in Which His Estate
May Be Invested.

LONDON, Mare: 14.—The  £2,000,000
sterling which, according to rumor,
the late Henry Labouchere left, has

dwindled to the still handsome sum of
£522,306 now that the will has been
proved. The duties upon this will
amount to £68,000,

Labouchere was fer years recognized
a; an authority on the degree of security
oYTered by investments, and it is interest-
| ing to notice those investments which he
| espegially includes in, or excludes from,

the list of securities in which his trustees
| are authorized to invest trust moneys.
Included in his special list for investmen 6
ars:

First mortgage debentures of any rall-
way company in the United States which
| for the preceding five years has distrib-
uted not less than $4,000,000 in the pay-
ment of dividends,

The public debt of the Kingdum of Prus-
sia (8!) per cent, Prussian console,

First mortgage debentures of the Cana@-
(dian Pacific Raliway,

The stocks, bonds or securities of any

pitals of the Metropolitan Asylums Board | on the track of the reactionary conspiray municipal corporation in England or of

all of which bear testimony to the work ©f |-torg, but. who their
viviseotloniat, " Lpttpeesants sayetery.

61 ote

. = enw

i 8s » . ’ ; a, 2
- b dias . * f

ew .

leadere are remains) the Governments of Sweden or Nocway

or Holland. ‘

/

*

Se

a