oy

 

 

ee

,
f
!
4
Bin
¢

 

ae

an

Pee case

 

  

SOME NEW BOOKS.

 

c

There can be no question that The Life
Of George Borrow by HERBERT JENKINS

A “Scholar Gipsy.”

(Putnam) was worth writing. Borrow's
books ere occasionally referred to by
readers who know them and also by
readers who do not know them as “clas-
sice.” That they are not. They belong
rather to the by ways than to the highways!
of English literature. As Emerson has it: |
“There is a class whose value | should |
designate as favorites,” of which he pro-
ceeas to cite axamples, and adda: “Many
men are as tender and irritable as lovers
in reference to thease predilections. In-
deed, a man's library is a sort of harem,
and I observe that tender readers have a
Great pudency in showing their books
to a stranger.” With this difference,
that the owner of a library fears a defec-
tive while the lord of a seraglio might
apprehend an excessive appreciation of
the part of the visitor.

George Borrow clearly belongs to this
“class of favorites." We have nobody
quite comparable to him in American
literature. Truly “Every Man in His
Humor” isa British character. Doubtless
there is “Two Years Before the Mast,”
but Dana was by no means an eccentric.
His Californian excursion was forced upon
him and was an episode in an otherwise
entirely conventional as well as distin-
guished career. Thoreau comes much
nearer to the peculiar piace of Borrow,
but Thoreau furnished after all an exclu-
sively New English version of the Eng-
lish “humorist.” He was

in sooth a
good deal of a prig; his nonoonformity
was too “voulu"; possibly he did it “with
the better grage,” but Borrow assuredly
did it “the more natural.” Stevenson,

t

 

who had the instinct of vagabondage,
was attracted to Thoreau in one of the
best of his psychological studies. Had
he been attracted equally to Borrow,
as doubtless he would have been if Mr.
Jenkins's book had been at his disposal,
readers of this present review would be
mych better off.

Heredity is always a prime factor in
the makeup of a born nonoonformist,
and the facts which Mr. Jenkins assembles
about the inheritance of the author of
“The Bible in Spain” and “Lavengro”
are highly illuminating. Borrow's father,
born 1758, as the leader of a mob of “pren-
tice boys” in 1783, had occasion to wallop
the master to whom he was apprenticed.
Of course that escapade finished him in
that town. He enlisted, in 1783 to be sure,
in the militia, which was then “embodied,”
worked his way up to be sergeant, and in
1702 fought a draw with the then cham-
pion of England, apparently for no mer-
cenary consideration, but for pure honor
and glory. He was a Cornishman, which
is to say a Celt, as might bo inferred from
this performance. He continued al]! the
same to work his way upward, and in
1708 was commissioned adjutant and
captain. The position was, as always,
anomalous in England of a commissioned
“ranker.” He can never quite attain the
social level of “an officer and a gentle-
man.” One always recurs to that sen-
tence of Napier about those times: “Na-
poleon's troops fought in bright fields
where every helmet caught some gleams
of glory; but the British soldier conquered
under the cool shade of aristocracy.”
Thomas Borrow had additionally compli-
cated his position by marrying, in 1793,
@ girl of Huguenot descent whom he had
met when she had run away from home
to take a temporary part in a company of
strolling players. The paternal Borrow
continued in the service until the final
seclusion of Napoleon in St. Helena “dis-
embodied” the militia of which he was an
officer, and he was retired on 8 shillings
a day. On this slender income he man-
aged to bring up George, born 1803, and an
elder brother, until 1824, when he found
that there was nothing more for him to
do but “to bless my little family and go.”

The progeny of such a union could not
be expected to be conventional Britons.
The elder brother imagined himself a
much more conventional and respectable
citizen than George, to whom he wrote,
“Your want of success in life is owing to
your being unlike other people.” As
a matter of fact, he himself, though he
also held a position in the militia, was
almost equally unconventional. He took
to painting, became a pupil of “Old
Crome,” afterward of Haydon, did not
amount to much either as officer or as
artist, and finally threw up his commis-
sion to go adventuring in Mexico, and to
die with “rich eyes and poor hands.”

The boyhood of George Borrow was
paseed in Norwich, where lived a humorous
Maecenas, William Taylor, who could afford
to indulge his own unconventionality and
who encouraged the unconventionality
of boys who seemed to him bright and
interesting. He was, we are told, “an
admirer of German literature and a de-
fender of the French Revolution,” two
ecosntricities which might be pardoned
to a wal] to do and matune citizen but
were by no means calculated to commend
a atriving boy to his spiritual pastors and
masters. We atill read with shudders
that young Borrow “told an arohdeacon
with £7,000 a year that the classios were
much overrated.” But Taylor did what in
him lay to bring out the extraordinary
linguistic faculty of the boy, who at the
age of 20 was said to have translated
with facility and elegance from twenty
different langunges. But as Borrow said
of himself, he was “not formed by nature
to be a pallid indoor student,” and he
afterward remarked, with a nalveté
whioh was one of his attractions: “I
cannot help thinking that it was fortunate
for myself that with me the pursuit of
languages has always been modified by
the love of horses.” His linguistio pre-
cocity seemed to betoken, however, a
scholastic career. When he approached
manhood it was said of him that “with
the gift of tongues he would like to get
into the Office for Foreign Affairs, but
does not know how.* The question was
difficult of a boy who diversified his
studies with running off to see prizefighta
attended by “Thomas (Cribb, champion of
England,” “Savage Sheldon” and “lear-
less Scroggins.” No wonder that Harriet
Martineau said afterward that there
was a burst of laughter in Norwich at the
notion of Borrow af a Bible agent.

Nevertheless the Bible Society offered |
in the England of that time the best oppor- |
tunity for a boy who combined Borrow's
linguistio gifts with his adventurous dis-
position. It was a long time before he
found his vocation. He did hack work
on the hardest terma and for the meanest |
remuneration fora year or two for a pom-
pous patron, Sir Richard Phillips, who had |
started a literary magazine. After this!
came what his biographer calls “the veiled |
period,” lasting for seven years, from 1825 to
1882, that is from Borrow's twenty-second
year to his twenty-ninth. During |
this time nobody knew what became of |
him but Borrow himself, and he never |
would tell, except that it was clear frome
what happened afterward that he trav-’

 

 

elled extensively and increased his lin- | theme

gulatio soquirementa,

s

| this seclusion to commend himself to a | period of our own history, not forgetting

 

THE

!

SUN,

SUNDAY,

MARCH 2, 1012.

"him and Elizabeth was the favorite proj-| upon two hard, pointed stones. “They

ra of that age. Henry II.
concerned himself little with poets or

: = —
quenoe as it is recorded is inferior to that; French lette

humane and benevolent clergyman, who even John Fiske's rapid and masterly | of more than one of his contemporaries

in turn commended him to the Bible So- | sketch, were either embraced or effaced | and utterly fails to attract the apprecia-
ciety as “a person without university | by that at once spirited and “documented” | tion of declamatory schoolboys in quest

education, but who has read the Bible | narrative.

in thirteen languages.” It happened

that the Bible Society was at the time | himself to be diverted from the story he

much in need of an agent to translate the
Bible into the Manchu-Tartar dialect,
and Borrow was sent to St. Petersburg to
supervise the prosecution of this enter-
prise. He fell in love with Russia and the
Russians, and more than earned his small
pay. He even showed a keen mercantile

intelligence when he needed it in behalf }and too much occupied with
of his employers and not of himself, and! private affairs”

|

of ringing sentences, who betake them-

their productions, and any preferments

 

oe of his ally, Philip of Spain, but it
‘was rendered impossible both by Eliza-

which these needy individuals received | beth’s religion, the Duke of Savoy being

were due to the generosity and tactful

Why should the historian have allowed ' selves rather to Burke and to Chatham. | intercession of the King’s sister.

really had to tell and was in the course

episode which constitutes so much of the|in the House of Commons,

= we have it it wholly fails to account

The only hint of romance in Margaret's

for the great influence it undoubtedly life for which there seems to be some
of telling so acceptably into the elaborated | exerted and the admiration it excited authentic foundation, unless her marriage

where the is viewed as a romance, was the devotion

matter of the present volume and which | speeches of Burke which we still read with ‘of Joachim du Bellay, the poet, who be-
furnishes its specific title? Truly,what had admiration an profit fell so flat. Fox came known to her through his book of
Charles Fox to do with the American revo- | appears to posterity merely as the great- sonnets entitled “L’Olive” and a prose
lution? He was too young at its outbreak | est of parliamentary gladiators and the work on the possibilities of the French

“urgent
of a not

most popular and beloved of men.

jn language. True, romancers have credited | had refused his suit.
especially | our own political history the closest re- | Margaret with having cherished a roman-

made excellent bargains for paper and / edifying or reputable character to exert | semblance to the career of Fox was | tic passion for the man who became her
; any influence upon the course of events. that of Henry Clay. Even Charles Dick- | husband, during the twenty-one years

printing. The experiment waa suffi-
ciently auccesaful to commend him again
to the Bible Society when it had need of
an agent in Portugal and Spain, and in
1885 he sailed for Spain and really began
his literary career. ;

Adventures are to the adventurous.

recountéd 60 as not to leave much to be|every passenger on the elevated road | hero the

desired. But nevertheless hia latest bio-
grapher manages to turn upon them some
interesting sidelights. It is quite im-
possible to tell how much, if any, there
was of a real evangelistic “vocation”
mingled with “the pursuit of languages”
and ‘the love of horses.” The corre-
spondence between him and his employ-
ers makes it amusingly plain that their
dialect was not ‘one of the many which
he had acquired. We find them solemnly
chiding him for saying “lucky” when he
ought to have said “providential,”* but
his counsel to them was full of the wia-
dom of the serpent. For example, he
proposes to print and introduce into
Spain at firet only the New Testament,
“because the Old Testament is so infi-
nitely entertaining to the carnal man.”
He had evidently spent a considerable
part of the “veiled period” in gypsying,
for he knew his Romany very accurately
when he landed in Spain. One of his fel-
low passengers, a Spanish Marqués, related
that “when they stepped onto the quay at
Cadiz, Borrow looked round, saw some
Gitanos lounging there, said something
that the Marquée could not understand,
and immediately ‘that man become une
grappe de Gitanos.' They hung round his
neck, clung to his knees, seized his hands,
kissed his feet, so that the Marqués hardly
liked to join his comrade again after such
close embraces by so dirty a company.”
A etill more curious touch is that of the
astonishment of the Spanish gypsies,
when he tried to evangelize them with a
Romany version of the New Testament,
to fied that their talk was a real language
which could be written and read from the
printed page. °

Borrow as an evangelist is really a con-
tradictory character. The love of ad-
venture which took him into dangerous
parta makes ve wopder how large a pro-
portion of the more ancient Crusaders
Were actuated by any real desire to re-
cover the possession of the Hply Sepulchre
and how large a proportion by the mere
mundane love of fun. One perceives that
a large part of Borrow's correspondence
with the Bible Society must have been
conducted by Borrow with his tongue
in his cheek. He writes, for example:
“The last skirts of the cloud of papal
superstition are vanishing below the
horizon of Spain,” which in 1912 seems
a tolerably bold prediction to have been
made in 1886; but that he had his fun out
of the evangelization there can be no
doubt whatever. When he harangued a
Spanish village mob, “Peasants, peasants,
I bring you the Word of God at a cheap
price” it is clear that he was greatly en-
joying himself; and when he was im-
prisoned, though only for twelve days,
for “cheeking” a petty Spanish official
who had inquired into his bookselling
procedures, he wrote the Bible Society,
and this time most evidently with his
tongue in his cheek, that he “had won the
martyr's crown.” All the same, his tact
and management of men really shine in
comparison with the exhibition, or non-
exhibition, of these qualities by Lieut.
Graydon, a British officer, who also seams
to have been a sincere evangelistic zealot,
and who managed to complicate not only
himself but also Borrow. and, to a certain
extent his Government.

One does not see the necessity or rele-
vancy of so much as the book contains
about the house of Murray, a succession
of Britons as conventional as Borrow was
unconventional, and especially of Bor-
row's “Glorious John,” the same Head of
the House of whom Carlyle remarked,
after waiting upon him with the manu-
script of “Sartor Resartus”: “Stupider
man than the great Murray I have never
encountered.” All the same, it isa delight-
ful book, even to those who have not the
habit of Borrow, and of course much more
to those who have. It is in fact the
“Sestina of the Tramp-Royal,” and Mr.
Kipling has retrospectively estimated
with great exactness the author of “La-
vengro” and “The Bible in Spain’:
Therefore from job to Job I've moved along.
Pay couldn't ‘old me when my time was done,
lor something in my ‘ead upset me ali,

Ti | ‘ad dropped whatever ‘twas for good,
An’ out at sea be'eld the doch lights die,

An’ met my mate-—the wind that tramps the
world!

 

Sir George Trevelyan.

Unhappily there ia no denying that the
fifth and, as it appears, penultimate vol-
ume of Sir GEORGE TREVELYAN'S Ameri-
can Revolution, published under the sub-
title of George the Third and Charlea Fox
(Longmans), is a disappointment to Ameri-
can readers who have followed the story
of the previous volumes with a fascinated
interest. The first four volumes are in
effect an epical Washingtoniad. Singular
that the ‘best praisers of Washington
should have been Englishmen, singular
ond adapted to give rise to reflections on
our part, Of the fact there is no doubt.
Beginning away back with Byron's “Cin-
cinnatus of the West,” through Thack-
eray's last chapter of “The Virginians,”
and Lecky's cool prose, and Tennyson's

Be provd of those strong sons of thine
Who wrenched their rights from thee,

even down to Mr. Kipling’s conversa-
tional “Brother Squaretoes” and __ his
lyrical “If,” they have done it better than
we have. A fact possibly equally credit-
able to both parties, but certainly highly
creditable to the loser, It is true that a
certain acrimony remains traditionally
and that even the candid Mr. Kipling has
been misled into repeating that Paul
Jones was “the American pirate,” the
designation meaning merely that Paul
was an annoying and troublesome per-
fon to the coastwise population of Eng-
land in the year 1779, the plain fact being
that he was neither more nor jess an
“American pirate” than George Wash-
ington was an American highwayman,
But none of these casual tributes, though
every one of them has done ite part in
cementing the “understanding” which
comes 80 near to being an informal alli-
ance, is to he compared, either asa “heal.
ing measure” of international relations

elaborated

 

 

pa SSS SSS SSS SSS SSS es

 

 

British champions of American rights ens, who found Daniel Webster a pre-| between their first meeting and their |

there then were, at the beginning of the | tentious old humbug, and satirized him, marriage, but as Miss Stephens reminds
struggle, whose namesare “freshly remem- | as Elijah Pogram, found Clay “perfectly
bered” in the America of to-day. Chatham | enchanting, an irresistible man.” Through
(“My Lords, you cannot conquer Amer- | the traditi¢ne of Holland House, which likely to fall in love with a boy of 10,
ica"), American recognition of whose| Macaulay partook and transmitted, the
These Spanish adventures he has himee!f | services is brought to the daily notice of | present biographer has retained for his! the girl of that many years was regarded

who has occasion to transfer at Chatham
Square, though the street named after
him has been submerged in Park row
by the action of Aldermen who thought
thus to deodorize it; Wilkes and Barré,

 

\

\

us, Margaret was five years her husband's
senior, and no girl of 15 would be

| especially in the sixteenth century, when

Personal affection that hero in- | as being at the most marriageable age.

spired among his contemporaries. There | The Du Bellay romance can be erected
is no reason to regret that the historian , with less disregard for probability. From

has taken up and continued his history
of Charles Fox, except that the continua-
tion has diverted so much of his attention

whose conjoined names infallibly date a | to the episode from the epopee.

city in Pennsylvania as from the beginning
of the Revolution; Burke, who to modern
readers is the most important of all the

|

Everybody knows, or should know,
that Sir George Trevelyan knows how to
tell a story. While we may regret his

parliamentary champions of the American | diversion from the story he undertook

cause, but who was rather curiously
overlooked in the gratitude of Americans
at the outset of the Revolution, even
though he had for some years already
been, on the motion in the Provincial
Assembly of Philip Schuyler, the agent
in London of the province of New York.

But what, in those early days, did
Charles Fox do or say to entitle himself
to. be remembered in the annals of the
American Revolution?, By the candid
confession of his present celebrant,
nothing whatever. When the Boston
port bill was brought into the House of
Commons he observed “a cold and cau-
tious neutrality,” being already, at 24, a
member of the House of Commons.
Horace Walpole wrote that Fox “left
himself at liberty to take what part ho
should please.” No parliamentary Laodi-
cean of this temper could endear himself
to either party, and even less to the distant
colonists who needed friends and knew
their friends than to the Ministry whose
only care was to commend itself to a
stupid and pig-headed monarch. True,
when Burgoyne surrendered, For was
a very rising politician, and soon after
he became by foroe, though atill only 28,
the leader of the Opposition. But the
surrender of Burgoyne brought on‘ the
French alliance, the revolting colonists
having, by bringing about the surrender
demonstrated that they “would not be
deadiieades” in the enierprise.” With
the alliance the hope of subduing the
American rebellion vanished from every
British mind, excepting possibly that of
his Majesty, who presently began to
have his own tardy dubitationg. In the
worldwide struggle that ensued Fox
undoubtedly made good his own position
and his own importance. But in. the
drama of the American Revolution he
was not only not a protagonist, he cannot
be said to have been an actor at all. As
Kinglake said about St. Arnaud at the
Alma, it ie impossible to detect “the im-
press of his mind on the battle.”

Why, then, did the historian divagate
from his self-alidted task, which he was
performing to the satisfaction and ap-
plauee of all concerned, to expatiate upon
this episode, which has scarcely an epi-
sodical connection with his main theme?
The answer is obvious, if unsatisfactory.
Sir George Trevelyan found it “laid upon
him” to continue his “Early History of
Charles James Fox,” published just about
a@ generation ago (1890). An interesting
book it wae and is. It loses nothing and
gains much by @ comparison with the
avocation of the riper years of a dis-
tinguished and now veteran British states-
man, Lord Rosebery's “Lord Chatham:
His Early. Life and Connections.” It
was not so much marred as marked by an
obsession of style, the style being that
of the author's distinguished uncle, The
perhaps unconscious mimicry of Lord
Macaulay lends a, zest to the perusal
of it by the cultivated reader, who en-
joys, from sentenoe to sentence, even
from paragraph to paragraph, the sen-
tentious and sonorous roll of Thomas
Babington, whose style imposed itself
on @ great many young writers of that
time who had not the advantage or ex-
cuse @f being his nephews. Up to that
time the nephew had been known, or
at least known in a literary sense, only
as a composer of university verse after
the good old models of Oxford and Cam-
bridge, to which, as much more eminently
to the “Early Years,” the mimic brought
something of his own. Between the
“Early Years” and the “American Revolu-
tion” he had worked himself quite free
of his borrowed manner, and, es the
French gay, had “found his handwriting.”
The style of the “Early Years” was
Macaulayese, but nobody could pretend
that it was what Matthew Arnold imputed
to Hepworth Dixon, “middle class Ma-
caulayese.” The fluent narrative of the
“American Revolution” has nothing to do
with the antithetical manner of the “Es-
says” or the “History.” Did anybody
ever praise Lord Macaulay's style as
“fluent”? But although Sir George Tre-
velyan's obsession of style had passed
away his obsession of subject matter
remained. He simply had to write some
more about Fox. Charles Fox is his
Charles I., and he has had as much trouble,
as ia evident to the discerning reader even
of the earlier volumes of the “American
Revolution,” in keeping his Charles I.
out of the history in which he has no
proper place as Dickens's Mr. Dick had
in keeping his out of the celebrated me-
morial to the puf port of which the me-
morialist was dimly aware that the mon-
arch was distractingly irrelevant. The
end of such a struggle is not easy to fore-
see, In the fictitious case the whole
matter seems to have lapsed from the
consciousness of Mr. Dick, or rather of
his creator. In the actual case the his-
torian read up on Charles Fox and on tho
American Revolution and “combined the
information.” It is an unhappy solution
of continuity, a grievous flaw in art.

That once said, the long episode is
very pleasant reading. The historian is
steeped in his period and in his episodical
subject. For him it embraces the entire
history of the Whig party, for it is notioe-
able that Sir George never condescends
to call himself a Liberal.

to tell, and had told, up to the time when
the surrender of Burgoyne and the French
alliance brought the American rebellion
into the fleld of European politics, with a
power surpassing that of any of his pred-
ecessors, we must admit that he finds
interesting stories to tell of the new scene
of action. The battle of Ushant and the
trial of Keppel are mainly known, to most
modern readers, from the passing allusion
to Keppel in the “Letter to a Noble Lord.”
Here is the story, and of course well told,
There is aleo the story of “Burke at Bris-
tol” known to most readers only through
the great speeches to which it gave oc-
casion, and again worth the detail which
has here been given to it.

Nor is it true that the main subject has
been altogether. neglected. The state-
ment at the beginning of the volume of
the condition to which the Ministry was
reduced by the surrender of Burgoyne is
altogether germane to the history of the
American Revolution. It could no longer
be concealed from the British public that
it had a very incompetent Government.
Really nobody but the pigheaded mon-
arch wished to continue the hopeless war.
“He had brought upon himself and on his
subjects calamities and distresses almost
as bad as the plagues of Egypt, but his
heart was hardened against America, and
he would ‘not let her people go.” Sir
George Trevelyan brings out strikingly,
and we think with novelty, that the new
plan of campaign adopted by the King
most cruelly and perfidiously abandoned
the American “Loyaliste” to whom their
monarch was not loyal. Indeed, the
American Tories, undoubtedly cruelly
persecuted by the Whigs, both during and
after the struggle, and cruelly deserted
by the British authorities, expiated most
severely the not very heinous crime of
“backing the wrong horse” and of de-
siring to continue the state of things
which they had always known.

The last chapter of the present volume
ie given to the episode of Arnold and
André. Often as it has been told, the
most extensive readers will find this latest
version of it still highly readable. Most
readers know that Anna Seward, the
“Swan of Lichfield,” a neighbor and friend
of André’s at home, denounced “Remorse-
leas Washington” in pretty bad verse as

Thou cool, determined murderer of the brave,

It is not so well known that Washington
was so much affected by the denunciation
that after the war he asked one of his
aides de camp who happened to be travel-
ling in England to wait upon the poetess
and submit to her the documents which
showed that ahe had done him injustice
and that the poetess “regretted the in-
justice of which she had been guilty.”

Margaret of Savoy.

Miss WINIPRED STEPHENS has dragged
forth from historical oblivion a noble and
excellent lady and written an account
of her life in Margaret of France, Duchess
of Savoy (John Lane Company). Al-
though avowedly biographical, Miss
Stephens's book has more interest as a
picture of the court of Francis I. and
Henry II. than as a record of the char-
acter and career of its heroine. Mar-
garet of Savoy was not the type of woman
to appeal strongly to the imagination of
posterity when flanked by such contem-
poraries as Catherine de Medicis, Mary
Stuart and Diane de Poitiers. She had
virtues which the last three named lacked,
but it is an incontrovertible if depressing
fact that virtues do not always add to
the fascination of historical personages,
Margaret of Savoy's nobility of mind and
heart was not of the gentle sort which
attracts the romancer. Even in the age
of the “Peaoe of the Ladies” and of petti-
coat rule in general she was known as a
atrong minded woman, for whom it took
thirty-odd years of bickering to provide
a suitable husband. “Thanks be to God,
peace is made and madame, the King's
sister, married,” Constable Montmorency
wrote to Coligny after the signing of
the treaty of Cateau-Cambrésis, and it
seems probable that his prayer was
echoed in the heart of Henry, for that
monarch had the marriage ceremony
performed at thy side of his deathbed.
“La sur unique” of Henry II. is more
interesting as Duchess of Savoy than as
a woman. Naturally as generous a biog-
rapher as Miss Stephens does not fail
to credit her with feminine charm and
fascination, but her life discloses more
of her talent for statesmanship and of
her breadth of mentality than of essen-
tially feminine attributes, Shoe inherited
the good judgment of her grandfather,
Louis XII,, the moral purity of her mother,
which she retained in a court where Boo-
caccio was the favorite author. From
her father she perhaps acquired her love
of art, but she escaped both his vices and
his magnetism. She was never vary
close to him. Francis I. found more
pleasure in the companionship of his
14-year-old son's child wife, Catherine
de Medicis than in that of his own daugh-
ter, and the latter, in her turn, gave to
the iron warrior, Constable Montmorency,
the love which her father took no pains
to secure for himself. This second of

To Burke | Walter Pater's “thtee royal Margarets,

Fox was a new Whig in the time of the | three much praised pearls,” was one of

French Revolution.

To Sir George Fox | the most learned of the eavants of the

is the typical Whig of all periods, the first! French Renaissance, An ai girl ashe
modern parliamentary statesman, States-| learned Latin, Greek and Italian, Miss
manship is hardly the quality by which | Stephens tells us that late in life ahe took
one would characterize the leader of the | delight in reading Plutarch in the origina)
opposition to the government of Lord | with Amyot, the famous translator, and
North. Fox's name is not connected '%n discussing the Ethics of Aristotle with | V., and Princess Elizabeth of England,

with any great and famous measure @x-} Baccio del Bene, a Fierentine poet.
| or a8 @ contribution to bistory, with the! cept “Mr. Fox's Kast India bill,” which | garet was,

tn fact, the patron of literature

} and epical treatment of the| did not become Inw and is’ known -to! of her brother's court, the protect
in Sir George Trevelyan's earlier, modern readers Lape ¢ through the|of La Brigade, a coterie
He emerged from | volumes, Our own contributions to thie| “studied panegyrio” of . Hts

of poets w

elo- | represented the revolutionary spirit in

|

 

oe —--_-—————————————e—————————...O}#}”ln 0 _n eC OO

 

the time of his introduction to Margaret
until his death, all of the poet's work,
including “Les Regrets,” his most beauti-
ful poem, which Sainte-Beuve admired,

and in which Pater found a touch of Rous-
seau, was dedicated to her.

Even when he
had a fleeting fancy for another woman
he dedicated the effusion inspired by it
to his royal patroness. Miss Stephens

quotes from a letter written by him after

the latter's departure for Italy. “What
use is it henceforth to rack one’s brain
for something good, seeing that we have
lost the presence of such a princess, of
her, who, since the death of that great
King, Francis, the father and founder
of good letters, hath remained the only
support and refuge of virtue and of those
who profess it. I cannot continue to
write on this subject without tears, the
truest tears that ever I shed.” A foot-
note explains that Du Bellay used the
word “virtue” in the Italian sense of
artistic excellence. Two months after
writing this lament he was dead. Owing
to the resemblanos between the unknown
lady in Du Bellay's “L'Olive” and “Prin-
cess Madame Marguerite,” whom he did
not meet until after the appearance of
that poem, ingenious students have sug-
gested the hypothesis that here was a
repetition of the story of Petrarch and
his Laura, that Du Bellay had for a long
time worshipped from a distance the
woman whom he never ceased to adore
after he had come directly under her
influence. The present biographer is
inclined to credit the theory.

Probably no Valois princess had more
tentative matrimonial achemes arranged
for her thah this Margaret of France
who became Duchess of Savoy. She
had two narrow escapes from becoming
the bride of Henry VIII. and was sug-
gested, at different times, as a suitable
wife for both the Emperor Charles V. and
his son Philip. Charles V., who became
a widower at the height of his power,
was the matrimonial catch of European
royalty and was kept busy dodging the
schemes of matchmakers. During a lull
in the constant quarrelling which went
on between France and Spain, Francis
I. offered his daughter in marriage to the
Ernperor and invited the latter to become
his guest during a trip through France
from Spain to the Low Countries. Charles
warily accepted the invitation only with
the understanding that no matrimonial
plans should be discussed while he was on
French soil. Magnificent tes were given
in his honor but they availed nothing.
“We havo no intention of marrying again;
and we are, moreover, too old for Madame,”
the Emperor wrote when he had reached
the Netherlands in safety. Mise Stephens
tella us that Charles V. was then 40 and
Margaret 17. Mme. Margaret had a
good idea of her own dignity and im-
portance and scornfully rejected mediocre
matches, Antoine, Duke of Vendéme,
the father of Henri Quatre, was one of
those considered below the mark, and the
Cardinal Alessandro Farnese, the son of
Pope Paul III.'s “nephew,” another, Pope
Paul offered to release his grandson from
his vows as a Cardinal to marry Margaret
but such a marriage was considered as
incompatible with the dignity of the house
of Valois. The soldier of fortune whose
duchess Margaret gladly became after
he had grown to be a power in inier-
national politics was likewise rejected
several times when he was the penniless
Duke of Piedmont.

The great French romanoer probably
drew on his imagination for the plot
of his “Ie Page du Duc de Savoie,” but
nevertheless Emmanue! Philibert, Duke
of Piedmont and Savoy, was a true Du-
mas hero, a gallant fighter, a darling
of the boudoirs, a clever diplomat and,
moreover, one who had one eye always
on the money bags. Miss Stephens
describes him a& a short man, with a
well preportioned figure, gray eyes
and a ruddy complexion more suggestive
of Saxon than Piedmontese blood. Al-
though a delicate child, he acquired in
the military camp of Charles V., whither
he was sent at the age of 17, a power of
endurance that earned him the sobri-
quet of “Téte de Fer.” In pouring rain
or the hottest sun he rode bareheaded,
with his helmet slung at his side. Miss
Stephens says that in spite of his repu-
tation as a courtier, his tastes were those
of the soldier. He rode, swam and
played tennis and was interested in all
the arte and eciences connected with
war.

Emmanuel Philibert came into his
own when he won the battle of Saint-
Quentin for the Emperor Charles, cap-
tured Constable Montmorency, Henry
II.'s most prized adviser, and Gaspard
de Coligny, the great Huguenot. Twenty
years before he had been a landless
duke, with nothing but his sword to win
back the provinces which his father had
lost, and restore Savoy to her former
greatness. During those twenty years
he had risen to be the greatest military
captain of his generation. From the
siege of Bena in 1553, when he first came
into prominence, until the signing of the
treaty of Cateau-Cambrésis, his career
was a successi@ of brilliant military
successes. Sagacious and  farseeing,
Philibert exacted good round sums in
ransom from the vanquished and laid
it away for the day when he should have
the opportualty of rehabilitating his
lost estates. The most serious fault
ever charged against him was an over
rapacity in pocketing hie share of the
spoils of war, “Il se rempluma un peu,”
oritics suid, but he at least had the jus-
tification of a patriotic purpose behind
his avarice,

As Philibert's fortunes brightened his
stock rose in the matrimonial market,
Mary of Portugal, the daughter of Queen
Kleonore of France by her firet husband;
Juana of Spain, the daughter of Charles

Mar- j afterward the great Virgin Queen, were

suggested as suitable wives for him;
but Mergaret of France, a princess of the
house of Valois, was atill the wife whom
he most desired. An alliance

a devout Catholic, and by the jealousy
| of Queen Mary, who set her face against

 

was placed at the mercy of Spain and

 

bresis arranged, restoring Savoy and
Piedmont to their duke, Emmanuel Phili-

 

 

were afterward,” -writes Brand, the
antiquarian, “taken upon men’s shoul.
ders and carried first about the priory
churohyard and after through the town

Te all the friars and brethren and ail

{

any marriage for Flizaveth which would | the townsfolk, young and old, following
increase the latter's influence. When by|them with shouts and aoclamations,
the victory of Saint-Quentin France| with their bacon before them.”

The custom appears to have bean kept

England and the treaty of Cateau-Cam-/up very intermittently. One reads, for
instance, that in 1772 the lord of the ~!)

manor—prior and convent had alike long

bert had his revenge on the woman who | since disappeared—refused the flitch to
This time he did not .a couple of applicants who had dema:<jed, 4 ;

ask to marry Margaret, but suggested | in. accordance with ancient oustom,
instead that Claude, the second daughter | this reward of their connubial felicity,
of Henry IT., should become his wife. A

In 1800 the festival was aboliahed and

merriage for Claude had already been | one hears nothifig more of it until 1851,
arranged, however, so in the end Emmanua! | when another couple of applipants pre «iT

Philibert married his first choice, Mar- | sented themselves before the lord of thw !#i*

He made her a devoted husband | manor. Their request was refused, but?'\»

for a year or two and until her death a/| ultimately they were presented with,’

respectful and thoughtful one. They
were always the best of friends and Em-
manuel Philibert deferred to his wife's
judgment in the administration of his
provinces long after his fancy, in the
fashion of the age, had turned to others.
Ae a ruler Margaret of Savoy dis-
played all her most conspicuous virtues
and talents. Sensible, even tempered,
generous and in many things broad
minded beyond the majority of women
of her generation, she won the hearts
of the people of her adopted land. As|
@ patron of art, literature and education, |
and as a mediator between her husband
and her effeminate nephew, the King of
France, the present biographer claims
that she played an important part in the
founding of the United Italy, over which
her descendant now rules. Margaret
had a very considerable gift of diplomacy.
No better proof of it could be asked than

| garet.

 

being omitted.

| flitch of bacon, the customary ceremonia} 5%)
Topas)

It ia to the once popular novelist Wile ben
iam Harrison Ainsworth that we owd!! do

the revival of the ceremony in all its

Tv

\

antique splendor. Ainsworth was living’ °%
in Easex at the time, and in 1855 he rafn.!* bn»
augurated the festival in the Town faif?*h»
of Great Dunmow, as the lord of fh’
manor of Little Dunmow declined to lend’
his estate for the purpose. On thfy °%m
occasion Ainsworth presented the flitdh *™»

himeelf.

UGA tabi!

There was once a widely circulatag”!"

story to the effect that Sir Henry Litoy,

known to all of us ag the “Toby, M. P.

| of Punch, was a winner of the Dunmow
| Flitch. The story found its way into

political circles and both Sir Wilfrid Law-
son and Sir Charles McLaren wrote verses

‘in celebration of the event. A year or

two after the award was believed to have

that she kept as her lifelong friends such | been made Sir Charles McLaren's mother
antagonistic personalities as Catherine de | wrote to a friend:

Medicis, Coligny, Anne de Montmorency,
and Michel de I’Hospital. Her friend-
ship with Catherine dated from the time
when the latter came as a girl bride to
| the French court and was put in the school
room with the children of Francis I.
That it remained unbroken at the day of

her death was either because her in-| word of truth in the rumor.

“Mr. and Mrs. Lucy are here. Don't
you remember how interested we were
two years ago in reading of their havin
won the Dunmow flitch of bacon an
thinking it showed much moral courage
in claiming it? But I can understand now
how they claimed and won it.”

Apretty compliment. Yet, as Sir Henry
has himself admitted, there was not a
It resulted

tereste never clashed with those of her |from a not unnatural misunderstanding.

Italian sister-in-law or because Catherine
was not altogether incapable of gratitude
for the kindness shown her by the peace
loving French Princess in those early
years. Miss Stephens affirms that it
Margaret's intervention that saved the
life of 1l'Hospital,
adviser, on the night of Saint Bartholo-
mew.

Margaret of Savoy was often suspected the House of
of being a Protestant, and not the least |

of the good things that she did was the
winning of her husband to a tolerant
policy as regards the religious convictions
of his subjects. Miss Stephens gives
an interesting account of the little Prot-
estant sect known as the Waldenses, who
inhabited the mountain valleys of Pied-
mont. Founded in the ninth century
by Claudius of Turin, an apostle who
preached the restoration of primitive
Christianity, the Waldensian faith sur-
vived through seven centuries of per-
secution and complete isolation from all
reformed faiths. When the wave of the
Reformation swept over France the Wal-
denses received a fresh impetus, and at
the same time were subjected to fresh
persecution.
the teneta of the Waldenses were in many |
respects in accord with those of the Ref-
ormation leaders. Like the latter, they
placed the Bible above the Church as an
authority, and, like them too, they held
the priesthood in distrust. Two Wal-
densean pastors visited the Reformers in
Switzerland in 1580 and shortly afterward
Guillaume Farel came down into Pied-
mont. When Emmanuel Philibert mar- |
ried Margaret of France, the Waldenseans |
because of the new Duchess’s well known |
sympathy for the Huguenots, immediately |
appealed to her for permission to pursue
their religion unmolested. Philibert was |
at first doubtful of the wisdom of allow- |
ing two religions among his subjects, |
an attitude in which he was naturally

Catherine's former |

Mies Stephens says that |

Mr. Lucy (as he then was) had been stay-

| ing with Sir John Aird, who was at that

| mow, and one mornin
|

was chased at a

time living in the neighborhood of Dun-
Sir John drove
his two guests into the town and pur-

nee shop a flitch of
bacon, which he presented to Mrs. Lucy.
So the wheels of rumor were set revolv-
ing. One can imagine how unmercifully

| “Toby, M. P.,” must have been chaffed
| by his colleagues in the press gallery of

Commons.
It is worth noting in conclusion that a
similar ceremony has been traced to

Brittany as far back as the early Middle

Ages.

}
}

 

 

supported by the Pope, and commenced |
a war of extermination. The peagants,
entrenched in their mountain retreats,
worked such havoo with bow and arrow
and slingshot among the finest of the
Duke's soldiers, that his Catholio zeal
abated somewhat and he was persuaded
by his wife to sign a treaty granting re-
ligious freedom.

Margaret of Savoy was 51 years old
when she died, an age which seems young
to the twentieth century, but, as Miss
Stephen points out, was regarded differ-
ently in the Renaissancep eriod. Then
life was short and turbulent. Women,
married at 15 and died more often at 50
then at 60. Margaret of Savoy's mother
died at 26 and her grandmother, Anne
of Brittany, at 87, the latter having never-
theless accomplished three marriages
in her short life. Margaret had one eon,
who succeeded hia father upon the latter's
death six years later as Charles Em-
manuel I, From him is descended Vic-
tor Emmanuel, the present King of Italy.
Miss Stephens's book is pleasant and con-
scientious, and her heroine, if she does
not fascinate, at least commands respect.

 

DUNMOW’S FELICITY FLITCH.

 

CHARLES MAJOR AS PHILOSOPHER

Some Words of Wisdom in ‘The Touch-
stone of Fortune.”

In his new novel, “The Touchstone
of Fortune,” Charles Majar, though still
dealing with Carolinian romantic days
and theme, turns philosopher at times,
as evidenced in such extracts as the
following;

“Goddess Fortune seems to delight in
smiling on a man who riska his all, including
life, perhaps on a desperate chance of say
one to one hundred. If her ladyehip
frowns and he lores his friends, call him a
fool; if he wins they say he is a lucky devil
and are pleased to share his prosperity,
if he happens to be of a giving disposition.
Lucky? No, He has simply minted his
courage.”

“What is the use of being wicked if one
hides one's light under a bushel?”

“If a man must be bad he should be gen-
tlemanly picturesque in ‘his wickedness.”

“In gambling the mere law of chance
does not put much money in a man’s purse.
Good luck is but another name for skill in
trickery. If one would thrive by cards
and dice one must be a thief.”

“The first favor a young girl shows to a
man when she finds herself in a ‘coming on
dispositon’ is to hide some of her intimats
personal belongings in hia pocket, say her
handkerchief.”

“It is much easier to do a difficull thing
to-morrow.”

“There ie an infernal charm about sin
which should have been given to virtue,
but unluckily got shifted in very early
human days.”

“Scandal like unsalted butter will not
keep. If we don’t tell it some one else
will.”

THE ROYAL PAIR OF RUSSIA.

A Glimpse at the Crowning of the
Czarina.

The widow of an American diplomat,
who has published her memoirs of for-
eign courts in “Intimacies of Court and
Society,” describes the roya) pair of Russia
as they looked at their coronation.

“The Czarina was easily the most beauti-
ful woman to be seen, and many spoke
of her as the artist's ideal of the queenly
queen. But her loveliness had nothing
of the vanity which seeks a publichomage;
it had rather the appealing gentleness
which made her mother, under the happy
freedom of English skies, the most. be-
loved princesa of her day, and to me she
was more the type of the sheltered woman
to be mated to a Brutus of lofty soul.
* * * Her face upon her coronation
day was charged with profound emo-
tion-—it has haunted me ever since. It
was like the face of a martyr walking with

 

Ancient Ceremony Revived—Oath Taken | measured steps to her funeral pyre.

in Graveyard.
The ancient ceremony of,the Dunmow

“and the man who waa the centre of
|the gorgeous pictures, whose autocratic
|aloofnesa and sanctity of person were

Filtch, which for the last five or six years| prociaiined by every possible accessor:

has been allowed to lapse, is at last to be
revived. Excitement reigns at Dun-
mow, says the London Daily Graphic,

| of and sacred ceremonial, produ

in fimeeif no illusion of royalty such as
may impress and thrill even the most
| democratic when face to face with a king

 

and the preparations for the forthooming | who is really kingly. His narrow fore-

pageant are already in progress,

The oeremony is one that has its roots
in the historio past. It was during the
reign of John—or 80 at least it is said—
that an award of two flitches of bacon
was first made in the village of Dunmow
to the two couples who were able to prove
to the satisfaction of an impartial court
that their first year of married life was
free from any shadow of unhappiness.
They were required to swear that neither
of them, “in a year and a day, either sleep-
ing or waking, repented of their mar-
riage.” The test, it will be admitted,
was a severe one.

Here ia the outh administered:

You shall sweare, by custom or confession, | ahe says.

If ever you made nuptial transgression.
Be you either married man or wife,
lf you have brawis or entertain strife;
Or, when the parish clerk said Amen,
You wished yourself unmarried agen; -
Or, ina twelvemonth and a day
Repented not In thought any way;
But continued true in thought and desire
Aa when you joined hande in the quire,

'If to these conditions, without all feare,
Of your own accord you will freely aweare,

| head and receding chin, visible even be-
hind the beard, apoke little of intelligence
and nothing of power, while the insignifi-
cance of his small form was zed
beside the tall men of his family, splendid
looking fellows, all over 6 feet.

AUTHOR'S SELF-ANALYSIS.

Cemposed Mostly of Don'ts—An Obser-
vation or Two,

Hanna Rion, author of “Let's Make &
Flower Garden,” recently published by
MoBride, Nast & Co., makes an auto-
analysis.
| “I don't love my neighbor as myself.”
“I don't crosa bridges before
| IT reach them, and I dyfamite all bridges
1 have already crossed. I have never
mastered the multiplication table, and
|] can only count on my fingera. So far
this has not been a handioa:: as my ricies

 

 

have not exceeded my fingers. Writers
j and artists only exist by the grace 0
God, anyway. I never arming
scientific statements, 1 still believe the

world to be ~ax.
“If I had time I'd be a revolutioniat

A whole gamman of bacon you shall re-|/and a reformer, but I've always been

ceive,

And bear it hence with love and good leave; | dition which only
For this ia our custom at Dunmow knowne, | dertake other's problems,

too buay making §1 revolutionize a ocon-
could reform to un-

I'm ten years

Though the pleasure be ours, tho, bavon's, Younger than I look and twenty years

your own,

The oath had to be taken before: the |

| t and the whole ‘
Between {thw parton invollng ia the ehurchyard| ef her

jovin’ private life Hanna: Rion. is Mire
n private life Hanna: Rion ‘
Frank Ver Beck. af h

lige

7
OVA

BUby