* Foreign Minister .in the afternoon.

 
   

70 FIGHT FOR MANUEL

Says Portugal’s Army Is at Heart
voval to the Devosed
Young King.

RESTORATION A CERTAINTY

 

1

Powers Will Consent, Says Ex-Pretender. |
Reeause Conditions Couldn’t Be
Worse Than Now. i

Special Cable Despatch to Tan Ben.

ft. JEAN DE Lvz, France, March 23.
=The proposed movement to restore
King Manuel to the throne of Port-
ual, from which he was deposed about
eighteen months ago, will be one of the
most formidable ever prepared against
an existing Government, according to
the man who expects to lead it, Dom
Miguel of Braganza. The former pre-
tender discussed his plans freely to-day.

Dom Miguel emphasized his belief that
it was only a question of time when the
Portuguese monarchy would be restored
by citing recent outbreaks in various
parts of the country. Neither property
nor personal rights are respected at
present, he alleged, and he said he was
satisfied none of the Powers would pro-
test against the overturn of the present
rule, because no change that could be
made could make internal conditions in
Portugal worse than at present.

Dom Miguel said that he would be com-
mander in chief of the army, having made
a lifelong study of military science. He
believes he can make the Portuguese
army second to none of its size in Europe.

“I dream of my beloved country and
its people,” he continued, jumping to
his feet and walking backward and for-
ward in his richly appointed study. “I
want to take the fleld in person and
restore real freedom to our oppsyessed
subjects. I want to take our army,
now degraded from a once great instru-
ment, and make it a real fighting ma. |
chine.

“1 am a soldier and want to practise
my profession. This luxury is wearisome.
I want to live in barracks. I want to train
men. I want to live by day and sleep
by night under the same roof as the men

 

 

 

ITALY TO ATTACK TURKEY.

Fleet May Operate All Along the Coast
Found in British Ship.
Special Cable Despatches to Tae Ben.
MiLAN, Italy, March 23.
Stages of the Turco-Italian war seem

j likely to be reached in the immediate |
Italy is planning to carry the!

future.
war into Turkey. Her warships may
yet attack the entire Turkish seacoast.
It is believed here that the offensive
movements are already planned and will
be put into effect during the coming fort-
night.

‘The Italian officiala realize that they
must strike promptly or European com-
plications may tie their hands. The
three most powerful warships in the navy,

the Umberto, Sardegna and Sicilia, wiil |

sail on Wednesday from Taranto to join
the squadron which is off the Dardanelles.
On their arrival decisive operations are
expected to commence.

Rome, March 23.--The Government has
given out an official statement of the
arrest of the British steamship Rescuer
on February 26 at Trapani by an Italian
torpedo boat. It was believed at the time
that the vesse! was practically the only
source of supply of the Turks in Tripoli.

The Government's statement declares
that the cargo of the vessel consisted of
field guns, Mausers, Martinis, swords,
bayonets, cartridges, shrapnel, gunpow-
der, underclothing and socks.

The master of the Rescuer admitted
that Turkey had deposited $80,000 in a
London bank to compensate the owner
in the event of the vessel's capture by the
Italians.

MONEY RELIEF FOR CHINA.
Belgian Deal Nearly Completed——Tang
Would Borrow at Honie— Swastow Fights.

Special Cable wespatches to Tue Sen.

Brvusseus, March 23.—-What is styled
Baron Cottu’s Belgian loan to China has
nearly been completed after wearisome
negotiations to obtain the consent of
Great Britain, Russia, France, the United
States and Japan.

SHanawal, March 23.—The situation
at Swa-tow as reported here this morn-
ing is growing worse, and the people,
fearing a massacre, are leaving the city
in large numbers. All the shops in the
city have been closed up and business of
all sorts has been completely paralyzed
by the activities of the bandits and other
malcontents.

Troops from Canton have been sent to

The decisive

*ho wear my country’s uniform. The rank | the vicinity of Swa-tow to regain control
and file of the army are true to the Ring | of the situation. A battle is reported to
despite his exile. And they will welcome | have taken place about twenty-five miles
him back and become my loved com-/ from the city and the Swa-tow troops
rades at arms when he is restored. | have suffered heavy losses at the hands
“At times I become so homesick for|of the Cantonese soldiers. Other en-
a sight of my native land that I take} counters are expected as the authorities
ship and cruise along the cliffs and | are datermined to anhdue the Swa-tow
beaches, and the roar of the surf break-| troops who rebelled and took to the
ing on its shores is sweet music to My | goyntry.
ears,

on Monday our men will go to work on
Tuesday. It is up to them.”

Enormous pressure from financial and
Political circles is being brought to bear

{
“Why, when my son, Prince Miguel, |
was born I wanted him born on Portu- |
guese soi]. When that boon was refused |
I had a carload of earth brought from |
my native Jand and spread in the room |

Other disturbances in various parts
of the southern provinces were reported
to-day but the authorities declare that
they are not serious and will be put down
in a short time.

Tang Shao Yi, the Premier, who is here,

«here the boy was born so that literally | is believed to be arranging for a loan with
oon heir might be born on Portuguese | (Chinese interests. He discussed the ques-
ms i tion with prominent merchants to-day,

Dom Miguel admitted that both he | and if satisfactory arrangements can be
and King Manuel hoped to receive aid made the loan undoubtedly will be forth-

from Spain when the expedition to re-
store Manuel becomes a reality. e |
said that the report that the expedition |
was held up because of lack of funds,
Was too absurd to deny. |

“When we want to strike we will strike |
and that without warning,” he added |

significantly.

KNOX DAYS IN CARACAS.

Secretary Places Wreaths on Washington |
and Boliver Statues—Enterta(inments.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sux.

Caracas, March 23.—Secretary Knox
spent the morning in the Venesuelan |
capital to-day visiting the public buildings |
and parks. Accompanied by President
Gomez, he paid a visit to the artery |
Academy and from there proceeded to|
Washington Square. A statue of George |
Washington is eituated there and wreaths
were placed at its base. Mr. Knox also ,
placed a wreath on the statue of Simon |
Bolivar in the National Pantheon. He,
also visited the National Museum, Bolivar |
Square and several! of the public buildings.

At noon the Secretary and his party
took luncheon at the American Legation.
A reception in his honor was given by the
This
was followed by a ball in the evening.

There was a bull fight to-day, which
Mr. Knox and his family did not attend.
The rest of the party were there, however,
The Secretary witnessed a drill by the
Cadets of the Military Academy at the
Pantheon Museum. He also received a
formal welcome by the municipality.

The entertainment of Secretary Knox
and the honors paid him surpass any-
thing ever before attempted by Venezuela.
lhe Archbishop of Caracas has suspended
the observance of Lent during Mr. Knox's
visit and business activities have been
@opped.

There were superb illuminations and
fireworks last night and to-night.

SACRIFICE TO MOLOCH.

“Vorwaerts’? Urges German Soctalists to
Oppose Defence Appropriations.
special Cable Despatch te Tas 8cx

benuin, March 23.--A bitter attack

Was niide to-day by the official organ
of ~oulul Democrats, Vorwaerts, on
ernment’s military plans, It
declare that the propesed increase
irmiy and navy will eventually
the taxpayers. The Socialists
int lL ichstag are urged to fight the
ment plans and a combination
the expenditure is suggested.
sian the Vorwearts says:

Government seems determined

© the people's health, welfare,
and progress the war

 

 

ernie! t

} }

lo

HEAVY SPANISH LOSS.

ED

Man) OMvers and Men Killed tn Engage-
ment With Moors.

revi!’ Cable Nespatch ta THe Son.
‘. Mareh ‘Shere Jas been
eusgageiment between Moors and
troops in which the latter had |
ors and one soldier killed and
ers and forty-seven men

 

R644
8

‘

 

“

The of the Moors is unknown,

RUSSO.TURKISH ENTENTE.
Stats of Persia Arranged as Respects
er Nearest Neighbors.

‘al Cable Despatch to Tre Sex
©SSTANTINOPLE, March 28.—It was
‘fira\ly announced to-night that a gen-
“ra! iureament regarding the status .of

Persia has been reached between Russia
and turkey,

| lie

' Chinese

coming. The Premier, it is known, is
opposed to a foreign loan if it cannot be
secured immediately.

San FRaNcrsco, March 23.--An attempt
was made to assassinate Hi Sing Wing,
Minister of War of the new Chinese repub-
, according to a cable message received
to-night by the Chung Sai Yat Po, a
paper. The despatch says a
bomb was thrown at the Minister's car-
riage, killing Chen Ti, one of his aids.
The bomb thrower escaped.

AUSTRIA CORDIAL TO WILLIAM.

Press and Government Join in Welcome
Kaiser Speeds On to Venice.
Special Cable Despatches to Tun Sun
VieNNa, March 23.—-The Katser ar-
rived here to-day in a driving rain. He
was accompanied by his son Prince

 

 

August Wilhelm, the Prince's wife and! make Spain a new country and allow the

his own daughter, the Princess Victoria
Luise. As he alighted from the train
he was greeted by the personal aids
of the aged Emperor Francis Joseph,
who welcomed him to the dual kin--

; fom,

It was explained that the Emperor
had desired to greet his imperial visi-
tor personally, but that his physicians
had absolutely prohibited his making
the journey and exposing himself to
the inclement weather. Francis Joseph
greeted the Kaiser at Schoenbrun Pal-
ace, to which the German monarch was
escorted surrounded by a strong guard
of household cavalry.

The Kaiser left to-night for Venice
after a cordial farewell to the Em-
peror Francis Joseph. At the railway
station he requested the Archduke
Salvator, who accompanied him there,
to express to the Emperor his warmest
thanks for the very friendly reception
which had been accorded to him in
Vienna.

The press gave a hearty welcome to
the Kaiser, The official Wiener Abend-
post says the visit Is a new pledge of
the cordial relations between the Em-
peror and his true friend and tried
ally.

Venice, March 23, -—~ Extraordinary
precautions have been taken here
against the carrying out of any plots
by anarchists during the meeting here
on Monday between the Kaiser and
King Victor Emmanuel, Even Ger-
mans will not be admitted to the railway
station for two hours” before’ the
Kaiser's arrival.

WITHDRAW ESPIONAGE CHARGE.

English Release Germans Who Took
Photos on the Islez of Wight.
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

PorrsmoutuH, March 23,-—-The four men
who were arrested on the Isle of Wight
a few days ago, and who were believed to
be German spies, were released by the
authorities to-day. The charge against
them waa withdrawn.

 

 

 

   

   
 

RFADY 10 LSE,
HAVE YOU TRIED IT?
Makes Hot ond Cold Meats Tasty.
A o Fieh Sauce A o Vinegar.
Ais faa ating Rass

 

ROPES TO END THE COAL
| STRIKE ON MONDAY

Miners Consent to Meet the Owners |
in Conference—Won't Drop |
| Minimum Wage. |

 

SOUTH WALES DIFFICULTY |

 

fig | Wi HI
TBM

| Operators Obstinate Because of Earlier
} Broken Agreement—Trouble } ’ |
| in Spain.

i
| Special Cable Despatches to Taw Sen.

Lonpon, March 23.—Settlement of the
| coal strike depends on the operators
was the outspoken declaration of the
union leaders after a conference to-night.
They said that cither the operators must
agree to a minimum wage of five shillings
daily for men and two shillings for boys
who work below ground or the men will
remain out and starve if necessary. |

“We have made the last concession,”
said Enoch Edwards, leader of the miners, }
to-night. “If we are to starve we might
as well do so in the knowledge that we
fought for what we knew was right. If
the operators will agree to our minimum

(Tri

=

upon the operators to give in. They will
confer before the meeting on Monday.

A more hopeful feeling was discernible
to-day. It was believed the strike would
be settled on Monday, although there
was absolutely nothing tangible on which
this hope was founded. Should the two
sides fail to come together on Monday
the minimum wage bill will be passed
through the Lords. But the miners say
it is now impotent and will not end the
strike. They say they will not go back
to work unless the minimum wage scale
is fixed either by agreement or by law.

If the strike does not end on Tuesday
the operators will trv to start up with
strike breakers. Anticipating such action
the Government is prepared to move
troops into the coal regions and furnish
protection. This wi!l mean bloodshed,
as the temper of the men is very bitter.
To prevent it Premier Asquith is aiding
in the pressure being brought to have the
operators yield.

The conference set for Monday is to
be between the miners and owners, A
meeting of the Miners Federation was
held to-day at which it was discussed.
Resolutions agreeing to the meeting were
adopted without any dissensions. Opinion

tc

H4

a

as to the outcome differs and the failurs
of the meeting would not be unexpected.
The SouthW ales mine owners undoubtedly
will prove to be the stumbling block
because of their attitude that none of
the demands of the men should be granted
on the ground that the miners in their
agreement with the South Wales owners
covenanted not to strike for a definite
period.

Maprip, March 23.—The Cabinet held
a sessian to-day and discussed the coal
situation for some time. After the meet-
ing it was announced that the Govern-
ment would issue an order temporarily
prohibiting the exportation of coa] and
that the duty on that fuel would be sup-
pressed. It will also introduce a bill in
the Cortes regulating mining work and
establishing the principle of the minimum
wage.

The coal situation at Bilbao is alarming
A general strike is imminent,

AMERICAN TO OPEN UP SPAIN.

John F. Stevens Taking a Comprehen-
sive Railroad Project to Madrid.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Maprip, March 23.—John F. Stevens,
the American civil engineer of New Haven,

Conn., who has been identified with many

important American railroads, is expected

in Madrid soon to close the negotiations
for arailway system which will practically

wo

eS

opening up of a great wealth of mineral
deposits.

Members of the Spanish Cabinet and
prominent business men have told THE
SUN correspondent that they are pre-
pared to afford Mr. Stevens every assist-
ance in order that the work cf building
the railway system will not be delayed

WANTS PEACE FOR GREECE.

Premier Venizelos Tells of Plans of
National Development He Has Formed.

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.
ATHENS, March 23,--Premier Venizelos
made a speech to-day on the issues in

CARNEGIE PEACE OFFICES.

Franco-American Interchange of Good
Will at Opening tn Paris.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Swen.

Paris, March 23.-Andrew Carnegie's
Endowment for International Peace has
established its European offices in the
Rue Pierre Curie, a new street in the
Sorbonne district. The offices are situ-
tated on the fifth floor of a new building
facing the Prince of Monaco's Oceano-,
graphic Institute. Vhe imauguration this |
afternoon was coupled with a reception |

te election campaign. He told his | to Ambassador and Mrs. Bacon. ’
auditors of his schemes for national Barop d'Estournelles de Constant in |
development which he eaid he had de-| thanking the American Ambassador for’
vised to further the happiness of the the establishment of the offices in Paris |
people. detined the endowment as a means of |

 

 

 

 

The Premier declared that he would|allowing men of good intent in every |

adhere to a pacific policy. This policy country to recognize one another and ,

ecessar hondd collaborate. He said, “It is a union of |

wae y for the realization of the every patriotism in the service of civili-,
programme of domestic reforms which he! ) a: jon,”

contemplates. Ambassador Bacon, who responded, |

The King and Queen are sojourning on | regretted the absence of Frederick Passy, ,

Petali Island until the electionsareover, | promoter of international peace, be- |
ee eae Ye cause af piness. rear

A cable message was sent by those)

BISCAY AT ITS WORST. attending the inauguration to Dr. Nicho- |

—_—- las Murray Butler, president of Columbia

Bordeaux*Huv ana Steamer Out 7 Days on | University, asking him to convey thanks

to Andrew Carnegie.

Stormy Bay-—Passengers in Panic casein |

Special Cable Despatch to Tan Sux. HAWTREY COMING FOR AMONTH. |

Corunna, Spain, March 23,- The French oreeOTED \
steamship Montreal, from Bordeaux for | Bringing His Company to Play “Dear Old
Havana, arrived here to-day, having taken Charlie’ Till Strike Ends.
seven days to steam across the Bay of Marconi Wireless Despatch to Tur Sus
Biscay from Bordeaux. . Lonpon, via Glace Bay, March 23.

A violent storn damaged the vessel 80; The coal strike is proving so disastrous
much and created such a panic among the | to the theatres here that the actor man
passengers that many of them disem- | agers are very anxious to go to the lnited

| States for short seasons.

barked here, refusing to continued the | Charles Hawtrey signed an agreement
to-day with the Shuberts for a_ month's
lengagement in New York in “Dear Old
Charlie.” Mr. Howwer, and his entire
company will sail for New York on the
Atlantic Transport steamship Minnewaska
on March 30.

 

Lieutenant and Aid Were Flying Over
Sebastopol Fortifications.

SEBASTOPOL, March 23.--While recon-
noiiting above the fortifications in a
wilitary biplane to-day Lieut. Albekri-
noff and an enlisted assistant lost con-
trol of the machine at a height of more
than 1,500 feet.

The machine dropped to the ground
and both aviators were instantly killed.
The aeroplane was smashed.

 

ta)| Keeps the skin in per- ]
PAN fect. healthy condition.

voyage to Havana.
RUSSIAN FLIERS’ KILLED.

 

rh Beauti fies, softens,
ry guards against infection

N und disease. Absolutely
YN} pure. Unequalled for
toilet and bath. Large

GOVERNOR FORBES INSHANGHAI.

Head of Philippine Government, Bound
for the U. S., Much Entertained.
Special Cabla Neapatch to Taw Srwn.

SHANGHAI, March 28.--W. Cameron cake, price 25 cents,
Forbes, the (iovernor-General of the AT ALL DRUGGISTS,
Philippines, is here. He is being ex- Kinerse, ay Remasarertes,
tensively entertained,

 

le plane to return to America
ot ne W7 vey

pti

ee

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912.

 

oe Se
ee
maT

=r

<— _— i
a» ee ee ee

Half the Pianos in American

Homes Might as Well be Boxed Up!

LF the homes that have pianos, have no one to play them.

- The pianos stand stlent—mute testimonials to an wnsatisfied
desire for music.

By one simple act of volition, one single moment of decision, this
condition could be changed.

The Silent Piano that wears out its life in waiting, used only by
some visitor who can play,
Piano, which, with its Metrostyled music-rolls would enable the whole
household to play—intelligently, artistically, with intense personal
pleasure, and at once/

Nothing else can so transform a home as

could be exchanged for a modern Pianola

The Pianola Piano

Only when you make this change, be sure it is the Pianola Piano
you get. There are many imitators, but there is only one Pianola. It is
built only by the Aeolian Company and is furnished ony in tive pianos:

The Steck The Wheelock The Stuyvesant
From $550 up. A down payment of only $25 puts a Pianola Piano in your home

The Steinway The Weber

Rental Pianos of fine quality

THE AEOLIAN COMPANY

LARGEST MANUFACTURERS OF MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS IN THE WORLD

 

OPERATED ON MME.

But Woman Chemist Will Be Able to Take
Part in Radium Congress.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.

Paris
night t

 

In place of the silent piano here is a superb instrument that
makes available a library of more than 16,000 pieces of music, with alli
the popular successes being added every week.

Furniture
Rugs

A Suggestion. In almost every case where there is a silent piano, the exchange
for a Pianola Piano would take place at once if the owner realized what
the Pianola Piano-does—how it gives every member of the*houschold the power
to play, expertly and with absorbing enjoyment—how it provides entertainment
of universal appeal—how it educates and inspires children.
in the dark, or assuming that you know, why not spend a half hour at Aeolian
Hall and see what a perfect instrument the Pianola Piano of today: really is?

Instead of remaining

A complete Victor Department

AEOLIAN HALL, 362 FIFTH AVE.
Near.34th Street NEW YORK

 

——————————

 

 

CURIE. | a fortnight ago to perform an operation | tional Commission on a radium standard
on Mme. Curie jn order to obtain a per- | next weex.

manent and decisive improvement in her Mime. Curie was in the hospital for some
| condition The operation was entirely | time about two months ago from what was
successful and it is expected that by exer- | described as appendicitis. Her weakened
. March 23.--The Temps says to- | cising great care the patient will be able | condition at the time, however, would not
hat it was deemed necessary to take part in the work of the interna- | permit of an operation,

 

 

 

 

 

| YE 0 oe) ed

Interior
Decorations

HORNER’S

To-Morrow Our New Home Will: Be Open
For Business.

During the past week thousands of visitors have inspected our display
of artistic furniture, rugs and interior decorations.

 

For twenty-five years design and quality huve made the name HORNER
the “hallmark” of exquisite furniture. It has been the HORNER
ambition to establish a centre for the creation of furniture so artistic in
design and rich in quality as to make the twentieth century the leader of
‘Period Furniture.” In the dedication of our twelve-story building to the
highest and richest type of furniture, rugs, and interior decorations New York
will have the largest furniture mart in America and the HORNER ambition
will be realized.

Every article in our building is new. Foreign markets have sent us
choice designs in furnituse, rugs and decorations. For months our factories
have been completing replicas of the creations of Chippendale, Sheraton,
Hepplewhite and Adam, but their greatest efforts have been in creating
HCRNER furniture.

For every home, whether modest apart-
ment or palace, there is something

exclusive in our wonderiul assortment.

R. J. HORNER & CO.

20-22-24-26 West 36th Street, near 5th Avenue, New York
) — § ——___—_{.) —_____(..) — (.) —_______ [.)} ___—- — |

 

enn

Tn i otendibussuneenenapaiaiieiemsenigasienmesideeianaciesemaneneemabenaneimaemeenena
pamntoninn — me seem nc = ~