BSskevtsesrcss

a

 

SEE NO NEED OF AGAIN
REVISING THE BIBLE

 

scholars Here Not in Sympathy
With the Movement
' in England.

 

\ISTAKES OF  REVISERS

 

The King James Version Still the Stand-
‘ ard-—Changes in the Revised
Version Criticised.

 

The rsovement in England for a new
revision of the King James Bible which
reguited recently in a memorial addressed
to the Archbishop of Canterbury and
rigned by almost every prominent pro-
fessor of English Hterature and by the
Headmasters of most of the great public
sohools,has no counterpart in this coun-
try. There are scholars in this country
who believe that the Revised Version
and all the other revisions are far from
perfect apd that the Authorized Version
produggd by the group of scholars at the
behest. of King James in 1611 could be
improved, but the majority sentiment
seems to be that the world will be con-
riderably older before it needs a new or
rectified translation,

. The deputation that waited upon the
Arobbishop of Canterbury asked that a
ama]! committee be appointed to correct
the Revised Version of the New Testa-
ment “in those places and those places
only where it is erroneous, or mislead-
ing, or obscure, in order that congrega-
tions might still enjoy the advantage of
hearing the Gospels and Epistles in the
most notable translation ever made, and
yet might be free from the suspicion that
what they heard did not represent with
accuracy the original Greek.” Says Dean

i ee

* Beeching of Norwich:

“Such a corrected Version as that which
is now asked for was, of course, what
everybody anticipated from the revision
of 1870-80. The reVisers were instructed
‘to introduce as few alterations as possible
consistently with faithfulness.’ How they
construed the word ‘faithfulness’ may ol
read in their preface, but in the result
their alterations reached a very high
figure indeed. .

“They introduce innumerable changes
which, while they did not affect the sense |
of @ passage, in many cases completely |
destroyed its beauty, and by destroying |
ite beauty destroyed at the same time its |
emotional! influence upon the mind. It is |
very hard to explain why half a dozen |
words of a great poet may bring tears
to the eyes, whereas if you chango one |
of them for what the dictionary calls a|
synonym, or even change their order,
the effect is destroyed.
‘Question as to the fact.
who is the original author of our English

 

~

EAGLE THAT WENT TO WAR.

Old Abe Carried by His Regiment in
Thirty-six Battles.

“My regiment was one of the four
whioh, with the Second Iowa Battery,
composed what is known as the Eagle
Brigade,” writes Robert J. Burdette in
the Sunday School Times. “It got its
name from the fact that the Eighth Wis-
consin Regiment of that brigade carried
@ young American eagle all through the
war.

“Old Abe had the post of honor at the
Ventre of the regiment, his perch being
constructed of the American shicld, and
he was carried by a sergeant between the
two flags, the Stars and Stripes and the
regimental standard of blue emblazoned
in gold with the State coat of arms.

“All the brigade adored him, and secured
chickens for him—-he was fonder of chicken
than the chaplain and not half eo par-
ticular about the cookery. To see him
during a battle fly up into the air to the
length of his long tether, hovering above
the flags in the cloud of smoke, screaming
like the bird which bore the thunderbolta
of Jove, was to raise such a mighty shout
from the brigade as would have blown
Jericho off the map. Other regiments
had dogs, bears, coons, goata. There was
only one eagle in the army.

“He was an eagiet when the war broke
out, and enlisted young, like many of the
boys who loved him and fought beside
him. He was captured on the Flambeau
River, Wisconsin, in 1861, by a Chippewa
Indian, Chief Sky, who sold him for a
bushel of corn. Subsequently a Mr.
Mills paid $5 for him
to C company of the Eighth Wisconsin
Regiment, known as the Eau Claire
Eagles. The soldiers at once adopted
him as one of their standards, made him

a member of the oolor guard, named him
in honor of the test of the Presidents,
and he never disgraced his name.
“Through thirty-six battles he screamed
among the trumpets, smelling the battle
afar off, flutt ng among the thunder
of the captains and the shouting. Never
once did he flinch. He was wounded in

 

the assault on Vicksburg and in the battle | ‘Y!t) no host to pry and embarrass a lad.

of Corinth. At this battle it is said that
a reward was offered by the Confederate
General Price for the capture or killing of
the eagle,

“As he reenlisted at the close of his
three years service he went home on

he was entitled to do. When he said

| good-by to us his plumage was a beau-

tiful dark brown from sabre curved beak
to yellow shank. When he returned after
sixty days, lo, he looked down from his
shield in the majesty of a snow white
head and neck, more beautiful and regal
than ever, the change that comes in the
plumage of Haliwtus leucocephalue—that
was his family name—at about three
years of age.

“At the close of the war he was formally
presented to his nativeState, Gov. Lewis

‘

 

and presented him | And know again the rapture of the time

| veteran furlough with bis comrades, as} May they glimpse Itatnightfail, a foe todistress,

'
|

receiving him in the name of Wisconsin |

of his comrades. During

from the hands
the winter of 1864, accompanied by 3

ean of honor, he attended the sanitary
r at
But there is no photos

And Tindale, |
(disabled soldiers. He became a great

Chicago, where the sale of his
phs, unautographed, netted the
sum of $16,000 for the fund for sick and

|traveller, being in attendance at many

Now Testament, had what we call the| .

‘inspired’ gift of using words so as to!
touch our hearts and imaginations.”

political conventions and soldiers’ reun-
ions. Tho sculptor Leonard W. Folk
executed a model of him, which has been

Dean Beeching was reminded that | used in replica for a number of public

Arcnbishop Trench ‘in his essay on the

monuments.
“He died on March 26, 1881, full of honors

Authorized Version chose for anexample | though not of years, for he came of a
of its singular felicity of diction a text in| family famous for longevity, some-of hie

Revelation

Lord God Omnipotent reigneth.” The!

Archbishop said that what made the
passage so “sublime” was the use of
“Omnipotent® when “Almighty”
have been eo easily written instead.

“Now it may seem incredible,” says
Dean Beeching, “but our revisers actually
étruck out ‘Omnipotent’ and substituted
‘Almighty.’ It was done not with eye
on that partioular passage but in con-

uence of a theory.

“They laid down the principle that
each word war to have one
English equivalent, and no more—one
word, one meaning—and as the Greek
word had been translated ay in
other places it had to be so translated
here. Now, as ‘Tindale had adopted
exactly the opposite
chosen words with the delicate shades
of distinction to suit the particular con-
text, the far reaching effect of this pro-
crustean resolution may be imagined. It
runs like a desolating blight through the
whole New Testament.

“Another singularly unhappy instance
occurs in close proximity to the one just

uoted. In a beautiful sentence in the
dveoription of the New Jerusalem, ‘The
Lamb is the light thereof,’ the revisers
conscientiously substitute ‘the lamp there-
of is the Lamb.”

These and many other criticiams were
laid before the Archbishop by the memor-
falists, but he ruled that such revision as
they had in mind was not now opportune.
He added that he “would like to see the
result of auch an endeavor made on, say,
the difficult Book of Hebrews,” and two
echoiars, acting on this hint, are pre-
paring such an edition,

An American Biblical scholar who
talked the other day of the English at-
tempt to have the New Testament revised
said he did not quite understand it, as

uet euch a Bible, including both old and
Kew Testaments, as the memorialits
geemed to have in mind, was published
last year by the Oxford University Press.
It {s called the 1911 Bible and was prepared

der the direction of the Rev. Dr. O. I.

ppoteld, editor of the Schofield Reference

e.

It ie the James version amended
by Americans the light of modern
scholarship. The revisers set out to make

no radical to preserve the dig-
pity and melody of the James Bible
but “to bi out more olearly the original

meaning, which, in some instances, owing

to changes in the English language during
the last 800 years, somewhat obscure
to the present day reader.” They mad

le
few changes in syntax, but substituted
for many obsolete words modern ones.
For instance, “For thou preventest him
with the blessings of goodness” (Psalm
xxi., 3), in the King James Bible, becomes
in the 1011 Bible “For thou _profferest
him the blessings of goodness.”
It is quite true that the Revised Version
has disappointed in ita use the great
roup of scholars who toiled in ite making.
he American branch of the Oxford Uni-
versity Press estimates that not more
than 1 per cent. of the Bibles it sells are
copies of the Revised Version. The Author-
ized Version, with all its faults, is still
the standard because the pee le prefer it.
The Revised Version is found in the
Mbraries of many ministers and is used
exclusively in some churches, but it has
made comparativel little headway
against ecclesiastical conservatism and
the belief that many small alterations
aad the effent of Sting the style of the
Authorized Version.

Street Without a 13.

From the Pall Mall Gazette.

The lady who protested against the
Wandsworth Boroveh Counctl changing
the number of her house to 13 is a not
uncommon type in London. Indeed, quite
® number of streets, mostly in the sub-
urbsa, have no No, 13 at all, the difficulty
being got over in many cases by the sub-
terfuge of 12a.
Park lane, where 12a is occupied by Mr.
Herbert Barker, the famous bone setter.

The most famous street without a 12

the Strand, but that 1s perhaps more
peldent than design, for building op-
erations have made havoc of the original
mumeration. No, 13 VPieeadilly ts oceu-
f by Messrs. Swan & Edgar; No, 13
Berkeley Square by the Earl of Carnar-
see. pnd ©. 13 Fleet street by the
tian World. Pall Mall tempts Provi-
with not only a 13 but a 18a, and
has no numbers at all, 13 or

eny .

4 ‘

might |
jand mounted by a_ skilled

peincl le, and had |

That 1s the case with |

(xix., 6) “Alleluia, for the | Trelatives living beyond the age of 100

ears. But his vitality was seriously
mpaired from the effects of smoke in-,
haled at a fire which occurred. in his home,
the State Capitol in Madison, early in the
year of his death. His body was prepared
taxidermist
pore in the
‘apitol until
by a second

jand occupied a prominent
{military museum in the
the building was destroyed
| fire, February 24, 1904.

than any effigy in bronze or gold ever
| borne above the legions of Rome or amone
}the victorious eagles of Napoleon. It
waa fitting that he should pass away
\in flames, even as the stormy years of his
| youth had been lived in the fierce joy that
| challenges death amid the fire and smoke
}of battle. I think of him every time I
‘look at a quarter. His portrait makes it
big aaa dollar. I often wish all my cred-
itors had belonged to the Eagle Brigade.
You see, patriotism not only makes a
man's country seem greater; it makes her
coinage appear more precious.”

ART IN STAINED GLASS.

Wonderful Twelfth Century Windows in
Chartres Cathedral.

In Chartres cathedral there are 175
stained glass windows which are regarded
as being among the most wonderful
in the world, most of them dating from the
twelfth century. Scarcely one of them
dates from later than the thirteenth cen-
tury, and the entire collection is considered
the most complete gallery of the rich
mosaic « lass of that period.

This is the reckoning, says Handi-
craft, 124 great windows, three great
roses, thirty-five lesser roses and twelve
small ones! And in these are painted
8,689 figures, including thirty-two con-
temporary historical @ crowd
of sainta and prophets ina thirty-eight
separate legends and groups of ee-
men in the costumes of their guilds.

The reds, like those at Reims, are every-
where wonderful; the saffron also and the
citron yellows, the brown and the emerald
green: but most superbly beautiful of

1 are the blues, the lucid transparent
azure of the twelfth oentu lanoeta,
and the deep sapphire, the blue of Pol-
tiers, which fills the lower windows of the
nave.

The secret of ita manufacture is lost
but you can understand, when you behold
it, how easily that story was believed
which said that in order to seoure thia
depth of blue the monkish glaniere used
to grind sapphires to powder and mix
them with their glass. ere is only one
thing that can compared with the
stained glass of the north, and that is the
mosaics of the south, of Ravenna, Palermo,
San Sofia.

The cathedral offers to the student of
lass a perfect model, not indeed of detail,
or upon the path which leads to the per-
fection of detail the thirteenth century
glazier bad still many steps to take, but
of effects in decorative coloring. In the
rose you have a confused effect of color,
in which there is not any too definite
form to spoil the charm of the breken
bits of color upon the senses,

But it is in the lancet windows of the
nave that the row of otherwise (let it be
confessed) ungain! figures supplies
by means of the drapery, cloaks and
borders that mixture of color and shade
that makes tolor beautiful, and with those

 

 

broad masses of stain combined with |Th commen ain't the complainin’ kind—they

absolute simplicity and severity of design
which shou !d be the ideal of the glazier.

And they are not crowded with too much | But !

story.

But though the palette of the early
glazier was so rich in quality with those
splendid reds and ineffable blues, the secret
of which has long been lost, and other
| primary colors, it was poor in extent,
To this poverty must be ascribed the
curious coloring of many details.
are often painted blue, and faces usuall
brown. Some shades of a rich purplis
brown was in fact the ordinary flesh tint
of the early glazier.

The sunburnt effect of their brown
visages only accentuates the Oriental
aspect of many of these glass figures,
As at Bourges, 60 here, the influence of
the East is plainly visible, not only in the
hieratio type of the personages and their
sumptuous epparel but also and still
more undoubtedly in the mosaic borders
by which they and the medallions beneath
are framed.

|

|

|

“Old Abe wae a living standard, nobler |

|

Beards \

 

POEMS WORTH READING.

In the Protestant Cemetery at Rome.
Here is no mound of turf, like to a bed
That minds us of the body sleeping there;
Fach grave Is just garden, very fair
And fragrant with the spirit of the dead,

Ah, Shejley, spirit tameless, swift and proud,
And Keats, whose name no water can efface,
Surely the solemn quiet of this place

 

 

T claim to be a fair student of Dickens.
Will you be good enough to tell me what
became of Mile. Hortense, who was arrestea |
by Inspector Buckett for the alleged murder
of Lawyer Tulkinghorn, solicttor for the
Dedlock family” You will recall that Lady
Dedlock greatly feared Tulkinghorn, as she
knew that the latter was-aware of her
secret; that George Rouncewell and a woman
dressed like Lady Dedlock were In the
chambers of Tulkingkhorn the night he was

 

killed; that Mile, Hortense wrote anony-

Should wrap your restless yearnings like ashroud.: mous letters to. various people inscribed
| “Lady Dedlock, murdereas’’; that Buckett

Tt were not mect your mortal part to lay finally arrested her in the Dedlock home
Within cathedral portals-.No, ye two, and took her away. It t#n’t told where

 

he took her, and after Lady Dedlock’s death |
nothing fs sald of what. becomes of Mile.
Hortense You are perfectly aware that
Dickens tn all of his novela in the closing
chapter gives a recapitulation of the char-
acters of the book, telling their end He
doesn't do this with Mile. Hortense, and
you pleune clear up the mystery as
To hold up yon blue vaulted roof o’erhead. to why he didn't E.G. R.
There is a question which should engage
The small, sweet nightingales with throate afre |the attention of Dickens etudents.
Give forth @ flood of the divinest song on
And fll the shadowed alales with anthem strong, Te there any eense or just plety in the
A sursum corda by @ bidden chotr. saying “As sure ns God's In Gloucester’?
Tt used to be a solemn adjuration of my
grandmother, who was bred in that county
Maky TRACY BeELLASYs.

The proverd is centurics old, for Ray co

WIth Mother Farth who crooned her songs to
you,
Beloved children, needs must leave your clay.

Here, for the housing of their honored dead
Have men put rows of lofty cyprees trees,

To mark the alsies, and, for the eye thateees, | won't

 

Into a breathiess pause within this swell
Of song, down from the dome surmounting all,
The soaring skylark lets his solo fal!

To thrill the hearts uplifted to ite spell.

lected it In his first edition. With tt occurs
the following gloss: “This Is a foolish and

Inte sad souls its benedictions stream,
profane proverb, unfit to be used, however

And o'er all doubts and fears with triumph

sweep; some seek to qualify it, making God emt-
"Peace, peace! They are not dead, nor de they | "¢Mt!y In this, though not exclusively of other
sleep, counties; where such was the former frult-

But are awakened from the long earth dream!” fulness thereof that it is (by Willlam of

Malmabury tn his “Book of Bishops’) said
to return the seed with an Increase of an
hundredfold; others find a superstitious sense
therein, supposing God by His = gractous
presence more pecullarly fixed tn this county,
wherein there were more and richer mitred
abbeys than In any two shires of England
besides.’ This aide of Gloucester has found
its full and reverent record tn ‘Memorials
of Old Gloucestershire,” by the Kev. P. H.
Ditchfield, published Iaast§ year. Another
proverb of the Cotawolds may be found of
interest, ‘the Tracys have always the wind
in their faces,” tradition linking it with
the act which made Thomas a Becket saint
and martyr.

Cc. W, Bow,

Talkiag Troes,
My gossip trees are talkative to-night,

Mreathing their tender runes of rain delight.
Anticipating the ecstatic hour

When from the feathery tips that bear the flower
To the remotest roots that grope the mould

They shall be quickened as with living gold.

1 Usten to their speech until |, too,

Feet some thing of their joyance thrill me through,

When ilfe's at flood tude and the year at prime!
CLINTON SCOLLARD,

 

The Line Cabin.

From the Denrer Republican.
The line cabin stands in the heart of the piain;
It's a haven of refuge in snow and in rain;
And any one lost on the broad prairie sea
With the line cabin's larder can always make free.

T have in my pee & pleoe of eur-
rency fssued by the State of New York and
dated the thirteenth day of August,
and printed by Samuel, London, one-aix-
teenth of a dollar, It is numbered 28,924;
it has the picture of a crown and a coat of
arms on it and has printed on it the fol-
lowing: “This bill ahall pass current in all
ayments in this State for six pence, be-
ne equal to one-sixteenth of a Spanish
milled dollar, or the value thereof in gold
or ailvér, according to the resolution of the
Convention of New York on the thirteenth
gay of August. 1776." Ie it of any value?
I don't think there is another one of them
in existence. C. M. GRANT.

The Colonial and Continental currency
of the Revolution is very common and even
when in the best of condition has but a
That squatty old cabin the saddiemen bless! nominal value

. -
The Legend of the Corn. } There have been many inquiries, there has
cs * been much curtfosity expressed, as to source
From the Kaasas Ctty Star, ~
Through all the Kingdom of Quivera or origin of the dronical, cynical, trenchant
Lean starvation staiked, sentiment employed to describe, as infinites-
And Hunger, thinner than his shadow, imal of space, and as unstable swaying of
Among the tepees walked character, the element of divisfon which
operates to separate my Lady's ‘yes,’ from
my Lady's “no.”
“Between a woman's ‘yes’ and ‘no’
| There's not room for a pin to go.”
They passed the sacred pipe in silence, j ,

Blew sinoke Cast, west, north, south; | After patient, { rm I ‘h and —_
Then from their midst there strode a prophet time devoted to investigation, ave at last

And gave the goJ his mouth, unearthed what appears to be the probable

source In the Spanisn “won Quixote’ :
“Entre el si y el no de la mujer
No me atreverla yo a poner
Una punta de alfiler.”

But, unfortunately, though I have browsed
through several public libraries, have tnvari-
ably found the translations of “Don Quixote”
abridged in a manner to delete this “yee”
and “no” feature, therefore ask some reader
of Tar Stn who has an unabridged “Don
Quixote’ in English translation to give the
tranecription Vv. 8. W.

1776,

It has eye ieered the thief who has held up the
mall,

It has sheltered the sheriff who's hot on his trail;

Its door bas swung open for good and for bad,

In the cold winter snows, when the cattle drift far,
The line cabin’s window has glieamed like a star;

Some cowboy's within, and is breathing a prayer
To the boss of the outit that put the shack there.

And long may !t stand, in the midst of the plain,
May the hunter and bunted find new bopes again;

 

There rose no sound of maidens’ laughter
And oli and young were dumb

When the great eae sent forth tis herald
To beat the councligrum, * * *

 

Last night @ Vision came unto me
And the Great Spirtt said,

“Send to the west your lithest runner
Who speeds with rapid tread.

‘There dwells, beneath a purple mountain,
A wizard who will give

A wondrous gift unto the nation
Whereby their souls may live.” ° © °

Five Cays the Tircless Footed journeyed
Swift as a migrant crane

Untli @ mountain s snowy forehead
Rose gleaming from the plain—

And there he found an ancient wizard
Whose days to be were brief,

Whose hand which gave the magic treasure
Trembied like a leaf

"Cast these about the plaif,” be muttered,
“O man of woman born!”

Fastward for five Gays weary journey
The runner bore tne corn-

 

In overhauling a parce! of bills of lading
of East India men, all of 260 vears old, I
have run across a cabalistic design and ap-
peal to you to read the riddle.

LLOYD AIKEN.

The figure fe worth a little typographical
paine to present am a memorial of an obso-
lete business notation. This ts ft:

ree

Tt te the anctent business symbol tndicat-
Ing a standard unit of value, the plece of 8
This has survived tn literature to the pres-
ent as buccaneer currency, the pirates’ me-
cium of exchange and money of account.
The symbol ts found In printed volumes as
late as 1750 and prohably remained tn
| manuscript use until! the early years of the
nineteenth century

And, blessed by magic, on the instant,
The grain, flung far and wide,

Leape {from the earth, full stalk and leafage,
ln long rows side by side;

And all Quivera, In amazement,
Plucked ripe corn on the ear
While Plenty sat atevery tent door
And touchedeach heart witheheer. * * °

This Is a song of old Quivera
Of truest Fancy born,
Though lying Fact will uever sanction |
The Legend of the Corn, }
ARTHUR PRENRUYN. |

 

Will some reader tell me where I can find
the following poem” I can only recall! these
few lines and ineorrectly:

“Some only breakfast anid away,
Others to dinner stay and are full fed;
The oldest but sups and goes to bed.

e

A Back Yard Garden.

From the Loutsville Courter Journal.

Once more I take my trusty spade
And work begin.
1'll have to have a subsoll made

Of battered tin. Who goes the soonest has the least to pay.”
. e s . e .

S8iMa MOBORNSTERN.

Before it was put into verse it occurs in
the prose of Dr. John Brown's ‘‘Horae Sub-
secivea”: “How time runs away! And we
meet with death always ere we have time
to think ourselves alive. One doth but
breakfast here, another dines, he that liveth
longest doth but sup; we must all go to bed
in another world.”

I'll mash a lot of rusty pans
Int} a mass,

Top dress the same with empty cans
And broken glass

Some ashes on the beds I'll dump
Prom time to time,

With now and then a handy lump
Of bullder’s lime.

And soon I'll have a garden fine
In my back yard,

And sit beneath a spreading vine,
A happy bard.

 

T have read in Dr. Eagle's ‘‘History of
Pennsylvania” that the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was never signed before August 2,
li7 Would you be so kind as to let me
know {ff thie fs right. Some people say it
was signed on the 4th of July, 1776.

J, H, Govan.

It would have been e@ physical !mpossat-
bility for any signatures to be affixed to the
Declaration of Independence before August
2, 1776, for not until that day was the en-
grossed parchment laid before the Conti-
nental Congress. It wae then signed by the
fifty-three members in attendance at the
session. At a later day Matthew Thornton,
Elbridge Gerry and Thomas McKean added
their signatures. This has reference only to
the actual signature. The Declaration was

 

The Pocket Miner.

From the Denver Republican,
He seeks no F| Dorado's estore,
This child of Cactus Land
Who wanders on the dusty shore
Of vast and ancient strand.

No mine that holds Aladdin's wealth
Fills every Waking dream;
Fnough a day of pulsing health,
At night the campfire's gleam.

Fnough the gold tn sunact skies
And in the Fast at morn;

If fortune turns not smiling eyes
His heart is ne'er grief torn.

 

 

Age go be Wade Me Sue ae’ ted and promulgated as of July 4.
Me lives content—in distant town
Is gold for which men die! Kindly explain meaning of the word "Me-

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2,

 

or
>
SoU
om

1912,

 

Auction Bridge. V. W. says: The declarer
revokes, but = tricks enough to ie rae
Opponents take their 160 penalty above the
line and insist that the declarer cannot
score toward game at all. The declarer con-
tends that he can score up to 28, as he made
good his contract

That wae the rule in bridge, but in auc-
tlon the revoking side can score nothing
but honors as held, or for chicane, no mat-
ter what that side actually makes.

J. J. R. wants to know if bridgé is now
played with royals, or Iiliee, and the old
count, or with both, and ff any one ie pity:
ing It with the new count without the Iilies.

The only difference between the regular
game of auction and the new is the count,
and the roval spade ts an integral part of

the new count, withfout which it would be
Nlogical
Cc. 8. 8S says: The dealer bids a heart,

which A doubles. Both Y and B pass, and
Z shifts to one no trump. A disputes his
right to change the sult unless it is over-
called by some other player in another sult.
A is wrong. Doubling reopens the bidding
to all following players, including the player
who is doubled, who can bid anything he
likes so that It is better than the declara-
tion that is doubled. As one no trump ts
better than one heart, Z's bid Is In order.

L. G. T. wants to know if it fe necessary
to une any conventional system of letters
in designating the positions of the players
when a dispute ts left to Tam Sun to settle.

No, use any method you please so that
you make a clear statement of the facts,
which is agreed to by both parties to the
dispute as correct

 

J.C. PF mays: We had this bidding on
hand the other night: 7% dealt and called
aanade. A bid a heart, which Y doubled. B
pulled his partner out with a no trumper,
which Z and A both pass. Y ahifta to two
diamonds, which B doubles, 7% passes and
A goes two no trumps, which they all paes.
Now who plays the hand?

The winning deelaration ts no trumps,
made by A and Bas partners, ao they play
the hand. As B wan the partner that first
named the winning declaration, he plays
the hand and A is the dummy

 

R. GO. 8. says: Playing the new count we
had a _row over this hand. The dealer bid
a anade, which T doubled, altting second
hand with alx spades to the ace queen, one
little club, two little hearts and four little
diamonds. My tden was to show my partner
not to he afra'd of the apades if he had an
no trumper. Player on my left redoubled
and my partner passed. Dealer then went
a heart and the hand waa plaved that wav
and they went eame on it. The dealer had
not a spade in his hand, but held alx hearts to
the jack ten. four clubs to the Jack, and three
Aiamonde to the queen. My partner iInsiste
T should have bid a royal Instead of doub-
ling, which would have shut out the heart
bid. He had king fack only In evades, ace
queen amall of hearta, queen to four clubs,
king to four diamonds. Had I bid a ily we
should have gone game.

One royal, or lily, ts undoubtedly the
proper cal! for the second hand fn such a
case,

 

M. PR. and others ask why the answer to
J. H. 1, last week gave the figures in unite
instead of the usual way of throwing off
fractions and keeping a wash book.

Because the question was asked that way.
The usual club method ta to call fifty or
over, a hundred, and under fifty, nothing.
This would make the score stand this way:

—B— tag ee
ec ave Get se
ee *; « &

. ‘ 5 e e os 6
: . . $a 4
ie Abi ibe Rie kesh pe etn ee
here pee tay Lae

-'-11 —16 -'-13 —-14 -'-15 —12 -'-15 —12

This gives C and D as equal witiners $3
each, while A loses $5 and B $1, playing
penny points. The method given last week
fa to arrive at proportions and !f the game
wan for money the results would be just
half for each player, as he pays one side
only; but the proportions would be correct
for a tournament, as D would win more than
twice as much as C under the skat system
instead of a like amount.

 

Cassino. G. A. B. save: A contends that if
a player holds two fours and there is a
four on the board when he calls it two
fours it Is not a double combination because
the rule says that such a call must be made
up of two combinations and a single card
cannot be a combination This being #0,
A insists on the right to take in the two
fours with an elght

When a player makes a build he Increases
the value of a card or cards, but when he
maker a call he simply announces that the
cards left on the board are such and such
If he says he builds a trey and ace to four,
it is a “build,” the ace being played from
his hand, and any player may raise it to
something higher; but when he says “two
fours,”’ that is a “call,” and no player can
raise it. becnuse no one ts allowed to play
two cards at a time and therefore cannot
raine the two fours to two of anything
else, and as he cannot separate them they
must remain two fours. This also prevents
him from taking In the call with an eight
because it is barred from being an eight by
the call of the player who made ft two fours

 

Cribbage. M. L. K. says: Please count
there runs in a four hand game: A playa a
6, Ba 4, Co. 3, Da & Then, on second
round, Aa 2, B ace

D pegs a run of four, A a run of five and
B a run of six.

Forty-five. 7 J. B. eaye: A leada the five
and calls ovt for the best trump. B saya the
hand must be played out, as the best trump
does not win until all the tricks are in hand

The score in this game is decided by the
tricks and to get the five polnts toward
game a player must win three tricks out of
five. If he can win all five he scorer ten
toward game. The best trump by itself Is
not worth anything and there is no calling
out tn spoil five or in forty-five. A evidently
thinks he is playing pinochle.

 

Auction Pitch. C. A. C. anys: One of the
players, nding. he has no counting carda or
trumps in his hand, throws all his cards on
a trick. He then finds that the trick ts his
Who leads for the next trick?

He does. A player cannot abandon his
cards in this manner, as the position of the
lead may materially affect the iInteresta of
another player if the game ia more than two

 

tayer.” Taussig uses it in his “Principles of | hand.
My Friend. no can't find it in ihe. aletion-
4 . J, McK, Camp, Seven up. H. L. B. says: Hearta are
From the Gemervitie Journal. It amounts te nothing more than the cul-| ‘trumps. A leads a diamond, which B and

I have a friend, a faithful friend,
Who all my merit sees,

Who seems to read my inmost thoughts,
And whom I seem to please;

Who's always ready to approve
The good things that I do,

And, when they are not recognized,
Tell others of them too.

Without this friend, this faithful friend,
Life would not be the same.

tivation ef the land on shares. In the coun-
tries where it is most commonly practised the
ewner of the land owns all the capita) in-
volved In the operation; the tenant supplies
the labor necessary to make the crop and
receives @ certain fixed share of the re-
turns. THis recompense may be regarded
indifferently as the rent of the land in par-

C underplay, D throwing a spade. As A is
taking in the trick D saya he has a dia-
mond, so he withdraws the apade he dis-
carded and trumps the trick with the Jack
of hearts. Can he do this, or muat he play
the diamond?

A player has the right to correct a revoke
if he does so before the trick Is turned and
quitted, and as it is a revoke if he does not

Me's always ready with applause, tleular reference to the owner's share or as| f°!low suit or trump, he can do either In

And chary with his blame. ae the equivalent of wages in reference to the making the correction, so that D's ruifing

* He judges as I would be judged, ' with the heart 1s correct, but he must leave

- ninAuenced by pelf, tenant's share. Originally and etymolog!- on the table, as exboesd cardi the spade
And he ts always faithful, for cally the division of the crop wae half and that h ava tiat thant , and ine oat

This fond friend Is myself. RWATE | half, Metayage has been largely practised | ‘Mat he played to the board and the tila-

 

in eur South for the last generation tn a
medified form, the tenant being required
to furnish the seed, the mule necessary for
cultivation, and sufficient labor to make the
crop

The Old Cowman Speaks.

From the Denver Republican,
1 ain't a very religious man, though my life on
the open range
Has given me a streak of reverence—If it hadn't
{tsure 'd be wit ee
Butit seems to me I'd lift my hat and make some
sort of prayer
If I felt the breath of the first chinook sweep

 

From time to time I have read in your
anrwers to correspondents that the phrase
“a consensus of opinion’ its not good Eng-

A lish; that the words ‘of opinion’ should
over the prairie there, be dispensed with in that they savor of
tautology. A friend of mine showed me

There ain't a hint of a tricklin’ stream in any
coulee or draw,
The sting Is In the northern winds that lash
your face Ull It's raw;
The time is past for the first chinook—#pring's
message ts overdue
And the cattle are weakentn' tn the bills where
the snowy shadders are blue,

the expression “consensus of opinion’ in
the ‘Westminster Review.’ Is that au-
thority, to be considered good os against
the deliberately expressed opinion of THE SUN on
that question? ANGORLO M, FPARLAND,

It is impossible to get away from the fact
that to any person who comprehends the
words which tasue from his mouth consensus
by Itself suffices to mean agreement of
opinion and needs no addition. But as com-
piehension does not always accompany the
use of words in speech, we find the double
tautology, a sort of fore and aft duplication,
of the locution general consensus of opinion,
where general is the same as con, and sensus
is the same as opinion,

Does movement of the atmosphere affect
the actual temperature thereof? That ie,
does the wind cause the thermometer to
register colder or warmer than {it would be
inva shelfered place? Roper HI.

The wind movement does not appreciably
affect the thermometer record, The standard
shelter used by the Weather Bureau is ex-
preealy ‘seigned (0 protect the inetrument
from the direct rays of the sun and at the
|@ame time, by the use of louvres, to afford
the freest possible circulation of the air,

Ts not the source or origin of the expres-
den ‘a fine Italian hand” to be found im the
career: or character ef a certain “Macchia-
ae Ana. H. Mangia,

ain't so much on the whine—
And kickin’ because the cards fall wrong ain't
ever been in thelr tine,
could rustle a maverick prayer—though
from me it might be vain
If I felt the breath of the first chinook steal
over the Ice Dound plain,

Music and the Modes,

1 praised a Chopin polonalse,
Delightedly she spoke:

“They're fuller in the skirt this year
And show a fancy yoke.”

1 mentioned Wagner's famous Ring,
She cri@d with sparkling eyes:

“I saw a beauty yesterday,
A ruby, fust my size.”

 

1 named a dancer, French, a king
Once wildly raved about; P
She sighed: “J think the Gaby frill
WII make me look too stout,”
I mentioned Rigoletto neat;
“Oh, yes! I know,” she sald,
“You mean those new and stylish ruffs,”
Aad then |t was [ fed.
Mona lavune.

»

nT

mond that he named as in his hand. There
ecards can be called by his adversaries and
as it is now D's lead, they may call the dia-

may ask for them to be played to a subse-
quent trick,

R. N. Y. says: A heart fs turned and
the non-dealer begs. The cards are run
to a club and the non-dealer begs again.
Next time the club jack turns up. ocn
this count one for the dealer? We know
the heart jack would not, but how about
the jack of the suit run to”

Any sult that ts refused as a trump sult

 

dead suit. and the jack of It is of no use
to any one. It ts only when the jack ts
turned before the suit is refused that the

 

jack counts,
| on the run of the cards that Jack doeg not
count.

Five Hundred, C. H. Hl. says: A and B
are partners against Y and Z4 A plays a

nullo and is forced to take two tricks, his
partner taking three, Y takes two and Z%
three. How is this scored? Y insists B
goes back 250 along with A.

All nullos are lone hands, so that B does
not take any part in the play, therefore
cannot win any tricks. Y and Z being the
opponents of the lone hand score 10 points
for each trick they make the bidder take,
setting his side back 250 at the same time.

Poker. E. W. lL. says: A beta that the
statistics in the books that say there are
624 hands in which four cards of the same

must be wrong, as
thirteen hands possible for

denomination appear

there are only

four of a kind, one of each denomination,
such as four aces, four deuves, &e,

A forgets that there are forty-eight other
cards in the pack, any one of which may
be in the same hand with one of his thir-
teen fours of @ kind. Thie gives us 48x13,
equalling 634 hands, all different,

 

 

be fiercest.
what to do for some time.
that we ought to have a conservative plat-

mond or the spade if they wish to, or they |

 

a : Rie

POLITICAL NOTES.

 

veyor, is the very latest Democrat to be!
spoken of as a candidate for Governor.

Mr. Bensel has always been strong in Tam-

many Hall. For many years he has been

the intimate of Charles F. Murphy and of

Mr. Murphy's closest friends, both in poll-

tics and in business. Mr. Bensel is a New

York city man and is considered to be

highly proficient in all matters calling for

engineering skill.

Other Democrats mtioned for the
Democratic nominatibn for Governor,
and mentioned in a way of late which in-
dicates serious consideration of their names,
are Supreme Court Justice James W. Gerard,
Attorney-General Carmody, Herman Rid-
der and Representative William Sulzer.
Thies gossip ie attended by statements to
the effect that Willlam R. Hearst and his
friends believe that the Vice-Presidential
nomination is coming to New York State
and that stranger things have happened
than the nomination of Mr. Hearst/ for

 

may happen between now and the fall
| which may result in the renomination of
Gov: Dix and the present State officers,
including Lieut.-Gov, Conway, whose
friends in Clinton county and upper New

York State would like to see him nominated *

for Governor, It is also stated to be amone |
the possibilities that Gov, Dix may be

nominated for Vice-President.

“Just think what an idiot I would be to
go back into politics and attend the Chicago
convention,” said ex-Gov. Frank 8. Black
several days ago, “Should I go as a dele-
gate to the Chicago convention J would be

stuffy rooms, talking platforms and poli-
cies; stified with tobacco smoke, my nerves
utterly shattered, when I could be on my
farm at Freedom looking at God's green
earth and the blossoms and posies, serene
and comfortable, Just think of the con-

trast.

“Besides, | have invited guesta for the
very time when the convention work will
decide

However, | cannot

I feel keenly

form to represent the Republicans of New
York State. I have been talking that way

for years.”

Ohfo Democrats are becoming concerned
over the opposition to Gov. Harmon recently
declared by Mayor Newton D. Baker of
Cleveland. Mr. Baker was the chief lieu-
tenant of Mayor Tom L. Johnson and has
succeeded Johnson as leader of the Cuya-
hoga county Democréts. At the Dayton
convention which renominated Gov. Har-
mon in 1910 Mr. Baker led the fight in-
augurated by William J. Bryan to force
the convention to name the candidate for
United States Senator. Gov. Harmon
and his friends in the convention defeated
Baker by a vote of over three to one. Since
then, though, Baker has become Mayor of
become much more

Cleveland and has
powerful.

He has often esatd that he fsn't a Bryan
man. Outside of his political differences
with Bryan on certain policies he has never
quite recovered from Bryan's treatment
of his old chief, Johnson, in the National
convention of 1998 when Bryan and his
friends deprived Johnson of the last am-
bition of his Iffe, the post of Democratic
National Committeeman for Ohio, and
gave the place to Harvey C. Garber.

Since the Presidential election of 1908
the States of New York, New Jersey, Con-
necticut, Massachusetts, Maine, Indiana
and Ohio have elected Democratic Gov-
ernors. As a matter of fact, although Ohio
went for Taft in 1908. Harmon was elected
Gevernor and reelected in 1910. The votes
of the foregoing States are vital to the suc-
cess of the Republican national! party in the
approaching campaign. The great prob-
lem discussed by all classes of politicians
high and humble nowadays is: How are
these States to vote on the Presidential
ticket in the approaching election?

The record is that these States bave
voted the Republican national ticket in all
campaigns beginning with 1896. But many
politicians believe that conditions have
changed and that the Democrats stand a
good chance of carrying enough of these
States to win the Presidency, not that they
ean carry the States themselves, but they
believe that many Republicans are to vote
with them next fall just as they did in the
elections of 1910 and for practically the same

reasons,

Go where you will and talk with whom
you will, even with Col, Roosevelt's sin-
cerest supporters, the opinion is universally
expressed that he has damaged himself
dreadfully by his utterances at Columbus,
Ohio, calling for the recall of judicial de-
cisions, The Roosevelt campaigners in
Washington and New York almost to a
man declare that their spinal columns shiv-
ered when they read that declaration of
Col, Roosevelt; that they have since had a
dificult time stiffening these spinal col-
umns, but they do hope, they declare, that
Col. Roosevelt in his approaching speech-
making tour will not again run wild and con-
tinue to make it mighty difficult for his sup-
porters to escape grievous embarrass-
ment,

The comments over Col.
Columbus speech have led to another
“Is Col. Roosevelt really the proficient
politician he has been cracked up to be?”
he one great battle, it was recalled, in
which he engaged after his retirement

post of temporary chairman of the Ke-
publican State convention at
in the summer of 1910.

to engage in that struggle.

Roosevelt beat
opponents
won the victory, but they permitted Roose-
velt to win, they actually

Goy. Frank 8. Black.
was:

“I'm fond of Sherman; he’s grown won-
derfully in the Vice-Presidential chair,
his friends must not win with him, they
must so shape things as to let Roosevelt
win, Roosevelt will name the ticket, which
cannot be elected. Let Roosevelt win the
temporary chairmanship because it will be
the last victory of his life.”

In other words, it is sound Republican
| testimony that Col. Roosevelt at Saratoga
‘that year was really the victim of a po-
l litical confidence game initiated by ex-
Gov. Black.

a

So the debaters go on, and with full know!-
j edge that Col. Roosevelt ran his head into
'a noose on the occasion mentioned they
ask, “Is he the great politiclan many think
him to be? Were he a great and skilful
politician would he have been caught in
| that trap?” Saratoga that year, in the
| judgment of certain of Col. Roosevelt's

he is fast approaching bis Waterloo.
Col, Roosevelt's friends, on the other
| hand, declare that even though defeat over-

minority of such respectable proportions
that the victors will find it very necessary
to consult this minority, just as the Demo-
| crats in all conventions since 1896 have been
; compelled to consult Bryan and his fol-
| lowers, At the moment it is very apparent
to most Republicans that Col, Roosevelt
and his friends are not consulted and they
‘intend if possible to make themselves so
| felt at Chicago that it will be political wis-
idom for the victors to smooth out the
leoreutes with Roosevelt and his adherents
‘if the ticket is to win,

Not a few Republicans of national repute,
those familiar with the precedents of their
| party, feel sure of Taft's renomination at
| Chicago, but they liken his renomination
la wood deal to the situation at the convention
of 188) which nominated James A, Garfield,
The flight against Gardeld was bitter and was
led by one of the bitterest Republicans that
ever lived, Roscoe Conkling. Garfield and
hie chief adviser, James G. Blaine, while

 

Vice-President. Of course many things |

up most of the nights till sunrise, in hot and

& Hill and Flower.

Roose velt's | that

of secret Republican history that while | in charge of the Oregon officers.
Sherman the Republican | of bringing the animals from Jackson Hole
of Roosevelt could easily have {to St. Anthony is a most dificult one

win, and that policy was dictated by ex- | ACross the
His constant advice |¢)ree were lost on the pass.

but | still here, and

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. | SCHOOL FOR CARD PLAYERS. |

victorious, had a ticket ontheirhands which
they could not elect unless the anti-Garfield

John A. Benssl, State Engineer and Sur-!men could be conctliated. These Repiub-

Itcans remember well how Garfield, the can-
didate of his party, came from Mentor to
the Fifth Avenue Hotel for the purpose of
fixing up things with Conkling and that Conk-
ling would not meet or talk with the candi-
date for President of his party, but retired
to New Jersey.

The conciliators, led by Thomas C. Platt,
induced Conkling to submit a plan to Gar-
fleld for the restoration of harmony. Thia
was after Garfield had returned to Mentor
greatly chagrined and deeply dejected
over the prospects of the campaign. Conk-
ling and Platt would have nothing whatever
to do with Blaine, whom they distrusted.
They decided to deal direct with Garfield.
They picked out a committeo of Republi-
cas of which Louls F. Payn of Chatham was
&@ member, sent it to Mentor and demanded
of Garfield as the price for harmony and
support that Levi P. Morton be made sec-
retary of the Treasury in Garfield's Cabinet.
Mr. Payn, recalling these matters a short
time ago, said that Garfield eagerly prom-
ised the committee to make the desired ap-
pointment.

Thereupon Conkling and Platt put for-
ward their strong card, ex-President Ulysses
S. Grant, who with Conkling and others
toured New York State and saved it for
Garfield, After his election Garfield ap-
pointed William Windom Secretary of the
‘Treasury on the advice of Blaine, who
declared that Morton was too close to Wall
Street to hold that great Cabinet portfolio.
That was the real beginning of the Stalwart -
Half Breed war in the State, and no Repub-
lican Governor was elected until 1804, when
Platt decreed the nomination of Morton,
and the latter defeated David B. Hill by
that tremendous plurality of 156,000.

While political conditions in the country
have Vastly changed since those days the
fundamentals of political battles have not
materially changed, and there are few Re-
publicans willing to dispute the claims of
the Roosevelt men that even though they
are defeated at Chicago and Taft is renom-
inated the followers of the Administration
will be compelled to consult the Roosevelt
minority in the hope of attaining a victory
after the fashion of Garfleld thirty-two
years ago.

Following the Garfield precedent and re-
calling that many expert politicians are
firmly convinced that politics move
cycles the Democrats believe that the Re-
publican party of to-day is torn with bittor
factional disputes, like those which were
preeminently the feature of the Republican
national party after theelection of President
Hayes in 1876,and which culminated from
a national standpoint with the nomination of
Blaine in 1884. That national feud spread
to important Republican States, New York
especially, and it was a very oasy matter
for Cleveland to carry the State in 1882 for
Governor and for Hill and Flower to occupy
the Governor's chair up to the campaign of
1894. Cleveland, however, had a very nar-
row escape from defeat in 1884, and he was
beaten badly in the State in i888, even
though Hill was reelected Governor, this
too with the Republicans of the State still
indulging in the Stalwart-Half Breed feud.

The Democratic party of the State to-
day, however, is not, many Democrats
declare, in the fighting trim that it was under
In those days
the Kings county Democrats and the up-
State Democrats usually acted in coucert.
Tammany had not recovered from the blow
John Kelly gave his own organization
when in 1879 he bolted the renomination
of Lucius Robinson because of a squabbie
over patronage, ran as a stump candidate
and got 75,000 votes, thus defeating Robin-
son and turning the State over to Cornell,
Conkling and Platt and their friends. With
the death of Dayid B. Hill and Patrick H.
McCarren the old combination of up-State
Democrats and Kings county Democrats
has disappeared, and the leaders of the
Kings county organization and the Erie
county organization are now acting in
concert with Charles F. Murphy of Tam-
many.

It has been frequently said of late to Mr.
Murphy that were he the Angel Gabriel
himself the up-State Democrats would
object to Tammany domination, This
feeling toward Tammany has been in-
herited by the up-State Democrats since
the days of William M. Tweed in 1868 and
1870, when Tweed nominated and renoini-
nated John T. Hoffman as Governor and
elected him, and this feeling was intensified
by that act of John Kelly's in 1879. ‘his
feeling on the part of the up-State Demo-
crate toward Tammany domination has
been so apparent for many years that most
people in the two parties, Democratic and

| Republican, have come to the conviction
j that it is as immutable as the-law of gravi-
tation and as unchangeable as the laws
of. the Medes and Persians.

ELK FOR OREGON.

 

Transported From Jackson Hole District
in Sleds.

Anthony correspondence Portland Ore-
gonian.

After being delayed several days hy
heavy snows a herd of elk in charge of State
| Game Warden W.L. Finley and Chief! eputy
'C. J. Craig of Oregon is now on its way to
State. The animals were brought
to St. Anthony from Jackson Hole, Wyo.,
by Government officers and presented to
Oregon free of charge at this point

The herd was to have reached here ‘Tues-
day, but severe storms were encounmdered

| St.

 

from the Presidential office was his fight {on the Teton Pass and four days were cons
against Vice-President Sherman for the |sumed in traversing the first twenty-eivht

miles of the journey. Notwithstanding

Saratoga | this fact the elk arrived in good condition
He was warned not | Saturday and after being allowed to rest
It is a matter | up a day were started on their long journey

‘The tusk

Crates are built on great sleds and with

allowed him to|four of five elk in the sled the journey

mountains is far from easy.
The start was made with twenty-five, but
Vhe other
twenty-two came through in good shape.
Five others, previously brought out, were
from these twenty-seven
Mr. Finley was allowed to pick fifteen of
the strongest and best looking avimals,
with the result that Oregon is getting the
finest elk ever taken out of the great elx
country, ;
According to Game Warden Finley this
herd of elk is to be kept in this forest pas-
ture and used as a nucleus breeding herd
from which to secure elk to restock other
ortions of the State. He says Oregon was
formerly one of the greatest elk States in
the West, but that owing to the absenve of
roper game laws in past years the animal
has become almost an extinct species. He
now believes that with an awakened pub-
lic sentiment it will be possible to restore
the noblest of all game animals to his own
The people of eastern Oregon, through
which part of the State the herd will be
taken on its way to the forest, are specially
interested and are expected to turn out
in large numbers as the car reaches their
towns. The arrival of the car at Joseph will
be almost as great an event as a Fourth of
July celebration, The entire town will

and turned down to run the cards ts a | critics, was his Moscow, and they say that|turn out to welcome them and a great

banquet is to be served in tha,evening.

Gulls on Lake Erte.

Clubs having been refused | womes him at Chicago he will represent &| gandusky correspondence Cleveland Plain

Dealer.

Lake Erie and ‘Sandusky Bay, filled with
ice from fifteen to twenty-two inches thick
since January 1, thousands of gulls are
coming to the waterfront here. daily to
| feast on food thrown out to them by sympa-
thizing citizens,

The gulls, of which there are million
on the ice daily off Sandusky, are protect
by law. To shoot one is to incur a heavy
fine, They are the favorite bird of the
fisherman, for they remove all floating
refuse that fishermen throw overboard.

This has been we

; en food became scarce
for Se Cut bay they ventured to th
shores in She rural districts, loe an

wever, covered the things their
ancy, be craved, Finally they found the
food set out for them here.
~ SNSTRUCTION,

enemy

     

 
   

  

    

 

——

 

SWIMMING SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT

ey @ Evenings, Prof. DALTON, 23 W

unusually severe winter

um

en