{LDe

— ———___

The Damrosch brothers, Frank and
Walter, who have been tolerably active
in the musical doings of this city for the
last quarter of a century, will begin to-

 

morrow evening at Carnegie Hall a series
of four festival concerts devoted to the
celebration of Johannes Brahms. Several
of his most important compositions will be
performed, including the “German Re-
quiem,” which because of certain diffi-
culties is heard too rarely.

All four of the master's symphonies,
his B flat piano concerto and his famous
“concerto against the violin” will also
be on the programmes of these entertain-
ments. Mme. Matzenauer will’ be the
principal singer, Mr. Zimbalist the vio-
inist and Mr. Bachaus the pianist. Frank
Damrosch will conduct the choral works
and Walter the orchestral. It will thus
be seen that the preparations are on a large
scale and the probabilities are that the
festival will be one of real dignity and
artistic worth.

If such a series of concerts were to be
announced in any German city there
would be an undercurrent of excitement’
throughout the German Empire, not to

]

say through much of Europe. Seats

arg ee sale as far away as London, 2 ght Ss
and Brahms enthusiasts would journey ae 5 N iS
many dusty miles and dwell in ‘uncom-| + 4 wires CARADVC >> NAD:

fortable hotels in order to be present:

. a WS *
vn 'AL OMA. s

at the concerts, What will be the outcome M x. .

here this writer does not know, nor does x : . | THOMAS

the matter greatly concern him. But it| speech bléw"no kisses from his ‘a, BUSBY

may be noted in passing that the much! lips. Neither did he smile wooingly | ee AGING
advertised music festivals of Germany | from higartisticeyes. He had compelling f MAN RECTOR

are infrequently held in cities offering | Ways. He presented himself not as one | Nw
such abundant and inviting accommo- | se@king favors but as a master demanding | yA of yang e ESTRA
dations as much abused New York. homage | Sr PHony’ Oh ashen ,

The necessity for making propaganda His melodic idiom was founded on a} —
for the art of Brahms is fortunately long | conception not familiar to the musical |
past. His growth was slow. The public | ameteurs of his early dave. And here
was puzzled and even affronted at first | we find ourselves upon the verge of that
by the unbending chastity of his style domein of technicalities which is forbidden

and the stern gontinence of his methods. | territory to the writer for general read-

 

| |

position summed up for him the ancient

riddle makers’ motto: “many from one,” |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912.

 
 
  
       
    
 
    
   
  

YME. BERTA MORANA
AS SIEGLINDE,
THYRSOAV EVENING ;

Bach's genius for contrapuntal com- | polyphonic forms was inevitable.

 

 

    

of the Bach symphonies have betaken
themselves to the conservatory classroom,
while the structures remain in the sun- |
light of the art world, adored by pilgrims |
from all the world.

At one time it waa thought to be a!
clever proceeditgz to set up Brahms as a)
demonstration of the futility of all the
teachings of Wagner, and one result of |
this was to make for him enemies of all |
the ardent Wagnerites. He has not yet |
ceased to suffer from this infantile fool- |
ishness.

Even a superficial observer of art mat-
ters ought to be able to perceive that
Wagner's tremendous creations in the |
domain of the lyric drama cannot be used
as illustrations to enforce arguments |
against creations in an entirely different |
art field. Wagner can be called into the |
field against Rossini or Puccini or any |
writer for the stage. But he furnishes |
no ammunition for a battle on the sym-|
phonic plains. |

In so far as the development of modern |
instrumental music is concerned Wagner
has affected it by inducing some later |
masters to apply the leading motive |
method in all ite ramifications to the com- |
position of symphonic poems with stories
to tell and personages and moving forces
to represent. He has also aided in the |
enrichment of the idioms of instrumenta-
tion. But to the progress of symphonic!
composition Wagner cannot be said to}
have contributed any other novelties. |

In the four symphonies which Brahms |
gave to the world and which will be per- |
formed in the course of these festival |
concerts he supplied something greatly |
needed just at the time when he sent forth |
the works. This was a demonstration
of the vital truth that the possibilities of |
the sonata form had not been exhausted |
and that it was as well suited to the em-
bodiment of the delineative conceptions |
of the romantic period as it had been to
the creations of pure musical beauty in|
the classical day.

Regarded, however, not as demonstra- |
tions of any principle, but merely as musi- |
cal productions, these four symphonies
are now accepted as among the moat |
valued treasures of the world of instru- |
mental song. The confusion of mind |

OONANNES

WHOSE GREAT WORKS WlL&
Bl HEARD IN FESTIVAL
CONCERTS OF THE WEE

 

—_—

 

to orchestral composition, “indeed, but
| ehey were literally applied—they did not
‘rule. The laws which ruled were those
of single voiced melody, and that implies
le harmonic basis precisely the opposite
of the polyphonic. It calls for a succes-
| sion of chords subsidiary to the melody
iwhich is conceived as the upper part of
the series. .

In the typical classical symphony
when we hear a subsidiary melodic epi-
| sode which appears as counterpoint to
la leading thematic idea we recognize

   
       
   
   
   
       
       
     
   
   
   
   
   
         
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
         
     
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

THE WEEK AT THE OPER

Monpay.—“Die = Meistersinger,” with
Mime. Gadski as Kva, Miss Wickham
as Magdalena, Mr. Slezak as Walther,
Mr. Weil as Hana Sacha, M. Goritz as
Beckmeaser, Mr. Griswold as Pogner
and Mr. Toscanini in the condyctor’s
chair.

TuEADAY.—Special performance of “Cav-
alleria Rusticana” and “Pagilacci,”
with Miss Destinn as Sanfuzza and Mr:
Caruso as Canio, The other singers in
the two operas will be Mmes, Matibourg
and Alten, Messrs. Martin, Amato
and Gilly.

Waronesvay.—"“Madama Butterfly,” Miss
Farrar as the heroine, and Mies'¥ornia,
Messrs. Martin and Scotti in the other
roles.

Tuunspar.--"Die Walkire,” Mmes.
Fremastad and Morena, Messrs. Jorn
and Weil.

Fripay.—"“Mona,” with Mme. Homer a5
the heroine. Moeasrs. Martin, Griswold,
Hinshaw, Witherspoon and Reiss tn
other réles,

SATURDAY APTERNOON.—Firat rer-

Mmes, Fremstad and Morena, Messrs
Slezak, Weil and Witherspoon.

CONCERTS OF THE WEEK.
Sunpay.—German Sailors Home bene-
fit concert, Carnegie Hall, 3 P. M.
Symphony Society, Century Theatre,
3 P.M.
MonpDAY.—First Brahms Festival Con-
cert, Carnegie Hall, 8:15 P, M.
Turespay.—Volpe Symphony Orchestra,
Carnegie Hall, 8:15 P. M.
WepNeESsDAY.—Second Brahms Festiva,
Concert, Carnegie Hall, 3 P. M.
Tacrspar.—Athens Mandolinata,
negie Hall, 8:15 P. M.
Fripay.—Third Brahms Festival Con-
cert, Carnegie Hall, 3 P. M.
SaturpaY.—Fourth Brahms Festival
Concert, Carnegie Hall, 8:15 P. M.

Car-

 

| the fact that the chord harmony is never
interrupted and that the mind is not

| distracted from its contemplation of

| music of the strictly harmonic type.

In the process of musical growth the

| purposes of the romantic composers
who were seeking for a kind of melody
suited to the expression of their rhapsodic
thought, there came into existence a new
| and more solid sort of thematic foundation.

te

themes of the earlier masters, whose
chief aim was treatment of the theme it-
self, was gone. In its place we find a
Himel@uic type which ins
| itself readily to every process of thematic
development demands rather the right
| to be received as a definite representative
| of some programmatic idea.

Upon the foundation of this conception
of the theme we can see the building of
the structures of Berlioz, Liszt, and finally
Wagner. In the operation of the men-
talities of the two first named the poly-
phony of Bach played a part almost neg-
ligible. In‘ the creations of Wagner
we find a new form, the interweaving of
leading motives (having originally no
contrapuntal relation) in a web of poly-

toad of offering

caused by their method has passed away.
Their message is now read with clearness
by all music lovers, and their popularity
is such that conductors have no hesi-
tation in using these works when bidding
for personal success asinterpreters. With
this condition we may well rest odntent
for the preaent. It is safe to predict
that so long as symphonic music con-
tinues to interest the artistic world, these

SS

The fluidity which characterized the} four compositions of Brahms will afford |

profound satisfaction to those who listen
with their minds as well as with the outer
| ear.

In
an

 

the choral music of thie master
|there are certain fundamental char-
| acteristics which disclose its kinship
| with the instrumental. Perhaps in no
| other cemposition will these traits be found
more strikingly exhibited than in the
“Triumphlied,” which is about to be
| heard for the first time here. An eight
part chorus with barytone solo, this
composition displays in all ite glory the
mastery of Brahms in vocal counter-
point.

It is a grand specimen of writing for
two choruses and it combines|in a mar-
vellous manner vigor and nobility. |{n-

 

phony effective becauee designed for | deed in no choral writing since that of
Handel is there a more successful union

|
there are but three brief solo passages

tm]

  

formance this season of Massenet's ~
opera “Manon,” with Mise Farrar in §
the title réle and Mr. Caruso as the. a
Chevalier dea Grieur. ee
Satuapay Eventno, — “Tannhfuser,” 9 oo

Bn

af
+O:

combining with the choir so as to enhanoe ,

ita effect by contrast.
superficial view can regard Cherubini's
Tequeim as its prototype. That is es-
sentially adapted to the Catholic lit-
urgy; its whole feeling is subordinate
to that, and depends on the various viv-
idly imagined impressions produced by
the function of a mass for the dead.

“Brahms calls his work ‘A German Req-
ulem’ and thus sufficiently indicates
that it should only be remotely compared
with the church aarvice for the dead.
* * * The music of the German Req-
ufem sinks too deep and soars far too high.
Only a spirit free from the burden of sor-
row can keep up with it. Nor even then
ig-it easy to follow without fatigue. It is
Brahms's cruelty that keeps the listener
so long at such a high strung pitch of
agitation.”

Only the: most -

:

—

Last Sunday some statistics of per- |

formances of American

by the Boston Symphony Orchestra under
the direction of Max Fiedler were printed

‘

compositions *

in this place. They were furnished by 7

the professional statistician of the or-/

In-

deed when he left the field the monumental

north German fugue was established in

a graphic stage accompaniment.

The restoration of the Bach principle
to absolute instrumental music was the
work of Brahms and it was in making this
| restoration with all the modern develop-
ments in melodic and harmonic conception
ready to his hand that he put forth that
new and somewhat austere melodic style

| which so frightened his first hearers.

Mr. Hadow, who has studied Brahms
| carefully from this point of view, says:
“The symphony in F major is one of the
least formal of compositions, but the most

of dignity with energy. Without doubt
this admirable composition will be wel-
comed by music lovers as a very precious
addition to their collection of Brahms
| treasures,

| The German Requiem is familiar to
all lovers of great music, but it is not
heard here as often as it ought to be, and
|the coming performance will furnish an
opportunity of making its acquaintance
to many young music lovers who have
never heard it. A few suggestive words

He offered nothing to the flesh, but sought, ing. But sometimes it is imperative to

to reach only the spirit. There werejoverstep the boundary in order that |

but with the all important addition that | its completeness, and the retrospective
the unity must always reign supreme | eye of the musical historian sees clearly

| laborious academician in music could not! from Philip Spitta’s famous essay on

chestra. They have moved George W.
Chadwick, head of the New England Con-
servatory and one of the most distip-
guished of American composers to write
to the music critic of THE Sun as
follows:

“The records show that Converse’s
‘Ormazd' was first performed by the
St. Louis orchestra; that Hadley's ‘Cul-
prit Fay’ was first played in Grand Rap-

ids by the Theodore Thomas Orchestra; * nf

that my suite first came to hearing in ,*
Philadelphia, and that all the other pieces,
by me were performed before they were

compile a more elaborate polyphony

many who thought this not quite decent, | instruction may be sought

and the name of Brahms was vigorously

tossed upon the rude waves of hostile} in Modern Music” has said:

criticism.

over the multiplicity
W. H. Hedow in his admirable “Studies |
“Tintoret
olaimed ‘the drawing of Michae! Angelo

Special correspondents in famous mugi-! and the coloring of Titian.’ Brahms in
cal capitals euch as Munich wrote of his like manner may claim the counterpoint
symphonies that they could not make | of Bach and the structure of Beethoven.”
head or tail of them. Others declared | And in this pithy saying lies a world of

same time he kept the perfection of the
,entire polyphonic structure inviolate.

that his piano concertos were symphonies
with piano obbligati. Still others, with a
greater show of reason, vowed that the
man knew nothing at all about instru-
mentation and that his orchestral scores
were as opaque as ground glass.

But above all men hated his melodic
idiom. Brahms from the first sang in
cool accents.

 

—

 

THE BRAHMS FESTIVA

 

The Important Concert Series to Begin |

To-morrow Evening.

With some 350 musicians taking part, | *ice it first appeared,

Neluding orchestra
women choiresters,
tors, Walter and Frank

players,

Brahma Festival, organized by the Sym-
phony and Oratorio societies, will open
Monday evening at Carnegie Hall with
the first of four concerts, This unique
tribute to the great composer, the first

Brahms Festival ever given in this coun- | Will be Hamilton Earle, already mentioned,

try, has evolved a preparation excep-
tionally devoted on the part of all those con-
cerned in it, and the programmes have
been so chosen as to present a compre-
hensive idea of what the German master
put to his credit in a wide variety of
forms. Monday evening’s list will open
with the “Academio Festival” overture,
which Brahms built up on happy German
student songs.

It will bring forward two choral
works, the setting of Schiller's “Nanie”
and the “Song of Triumph,” tho latter new
here, though it was written to célebrate
the German victory of 1871, and is one of
the strongest of Brahms’s choral utter-
ances. The great C minor symphony,
the first of Brahms's four, will close this
‘inaugural programme, of the festival.
In the “Song of Triumph,” Hamilton
larle, the noted English barytone, will
Bing

lhe second concert of the series is set
for Wednesday afternoon, when the
‘uch admired third symphony, that in

F major, will be followed by @ group of Imusic producing regions
*ongs with planoforte accompaniment, | There have been many novelties,
ung by Mme. Matzenauer, the contralto, | Dot more than notes of ourrent musical!

Who has made a deep impression at the
Metropolitan Opera House this season,
Then will come the B flat concerto for
Planoforte and orchestra, played by Wil-
helm Rachaus, whose firet American
‘our has shown him to be an artist of firet
rate attainments

The third concert will fall on Friday
Afternoon, March 29, when tne “Serenade”
IND. for orchestra, and the fourth sym-
pony, will divided attention with the
broadly melodie violin goncerto, to be
Hlaved hy the gifted young Russian,
Kfvem Zimbalist. The final concert will
take place on Saturday night, Maroh 30,

He had no butter in his |

 

|

men and |of the programme will bring forward ,
the two conduc- | What is usually ranked as Brahms's mas-
Damrosch, | terpiece, the choral composition entitled
and a group of famous soloista, the}"4 German Requiem,” written with the

|
|

 

Thus, as Dr. Parry has well put
“he made the harmonies which were the
sum of the combined  counterpoints
method which he developed, is practically |move so as to illustrate the principles
inexhaustible. It is applicable to every | of harmonic form and thus give the hearer
form of composition and it was in his|the sense of orderliness and design, as
perception and application of this import- j Well as the sense of contrapuntal com-
ant fact that Brahms demonstrated his plexity.”
right to be regarded as oneintheimposing! The application of Bach's conceptions
line of pathfinders in music.

imformation.
The polyphonic creation of Bach, the

Jana this programme has been balanced | before Visited by the Philharmonic. On

It begins with the} the return trip the orchestra will appear

with special care oT fu ee in gre vie rank
j 7 ¥ rr in| 80 1 Lolumbus, aa ittebu i
joyous and colorful secondsymphony in | Philadelphia and reach New York in time

D major, which has been popular in the! for qa gpecial Philharmonic-Stransky-
best sense during the thirty odd years) Kubelik coneert which will close the
The second half, orchestra's season and likewise mark

| the farewell appearance of Mr. Kubelik

This concert, to be given at the Hippo-
'drome Sunday evening, March 31, will
present a popular programme, features
of which will be Dvorak's symphony
“From the New World,” Liszt's symphonic

influence upon the composer's mind. | poem “Tasso,” and the Mendelssohn violin
lconcerto, The proceeds will be for the

This singularly noble and deeply in-' jenefit of the New York Philharmonic
spired work will be sung by the full chorus | pension fund. ; RHR ETEAG
of the Oratorio Society, and the soloists

death of his mother as an overshadowing

and Miss Florence Hinkle, who has won a
place asone of this country's most admired aeRO?

soprano concert singers, A special book | Famous Orchestral Conductor to Direct
devoted to the musio to be performed at
this Brahins Festival has been prepared,
and other evidences of the unusual char-| Unusual interest
acter of the occasion will be found by} forthcoming tour of Arthur | Nikisch
those who attend. and the London Symphony Orchestra
! from April 8 to 28. Mr. Nikisch was known
}and admired by musical America twenty

THE COMING OF NIKISCH.

Here After Long Absence.

is aroused over the

When therefore | that it was the instrumental demonstra-
he was composing for several voices in | tion of the fundamenta! laws of polyphony |
combination he treayed each of them| originally laid down in the vocal works| other works of Brahms. And here we

characteristically, giving it a specialand| of the Netherlands masters and their; come upon the singular trait of hismusical | the popular ideas and images of death
clearly defined individuality, and at the! Italian pupils.

J, |by the newly found principles of homo-

| to the composition of music in all the older

{than Brahms has here created.”
True, indeed, and equally true of many

Brahms may not be amiss here:

“The lyrical treatment of the requiem
|is of the oratorio type, so far as that in
| most of the movements it is founded on

| creation which has set him apart in the | and life everlasting. On the other hand,
When the orchestral line of develop- | world of genius and which has aroused | these have not so deep an effect on the
ment began its whole direction was set | against him the foolish antagonism of | musical setting as they would have had

heard at the Boston Symphony concerts.
Besides, Hadley’s ‘Salome’ has been
played eighteen times, Converse's ‘Mystic
Trumpeter’ eight or ten’ and my suite
five times @ince last April. All of which
hardly seems to justify your remark
a ‘second time.’”

Of course the writer of this department

about .

| those convinced that genius is above the
government of fundamental law.

In applying the basio rules of Bach's
polyphony to the -building of a modern
symphony Brahms has made a structure
so fine, so detailed, so dignified and so
| convincing in ite architectural logio that

phonic composition, which means the
composition of music not contrapuntal |
but of simple song character, with one
independent melody supported by an
accompaniment of chords. It was on
this foundation that the early piano
sonatas and the orchestral symphony
up to the period of Beethoven were reared,

The laws of counterpoint were applied

‘gogue. But the pedagogic proclamations

NOTES OF MUSIC’ EVENTS.

The sixth and last concert of the Kneisel
Quartet for this season will take place at
i the Hotel Astor on Tuesday evening, April
§, at 8:16.
the Beethhoven quartet in C major, op,
5%, No, 8 and the quintet in F major,
' op. 88, by Brahmas, in which they will
i 4 have the assistance of Josef Kovarik,
by personal experience with the fine | viola. The remainder of the programme
musical taste, the uplifting inspiration! yi be announced later.
and magnetism which have always!
distinguished his readings of the great|
ORES ot the maete- er 4

Of late years Mr. Nikisch has made; ‘ .
Leipzig his residence, where he conducts! &'¥° # recital at Carnegie Hall on April
the Gewandhaus Orchestra He also! * the only date available which did not
conducts the Berlin Philharmonic and the, C’7fict with her out of town engage-
Hamburg Philharmonic, and as guest| ents. Paul Gruppe, the ‘cellist, will play
conductor makes frequent visits to Paris, | two solo numbers,

St. Petersburg, Vienna and London.
The present American tour of the London
Symphony Orchestra is under the man- |
agement of Howard Pew of New York,
in association with Warren R. Fales of
Providence, The itinerary of the Nikisch-
London Symphony Orchestra tour in-
cludes New York, Boston, Philadelphia, |
Washington, Haltumore, Pittsburg, |

cornerstone of the Bayreuth Festival
Theatre in 1872

On his first appearance as a conductor
in concert he led a symphony of Schu-
mann in such a manner as to call forth
warm praise from Clara Schumann, who,
as soloist, played her husband's con-
certo Mr. Nikisch conducted his first
concert with the Boston Symphony Or-
chestra on October 12, 1888, and many
music lovers in America are conversant

 

Jeanne Jomelll, the soprano, who 1s tour-
‘ing the South and the middle West, will

The MacDowell Chorus, conducted by
Kurt Schindler will give its last congert
of the season In Carnegie Hall on Wednes-
day evening, April 17. The programme
, Will be composed of miscellaneous selec-
tions exclusively and included itn tt will
be some of the numbers which were so

oe ‘ ; - enthustastieally received by the audiences

Cleveland, Chic St, alo :

The Orchestral Concerts. | years ago, when he was the conductor | City, ce ri Thinse al oeiee| attending the previous concerts given by
With the concert of this after-|0f the Boston Symphony Orchestra. | of Wisconsin’ at Madison,’ Milwaukee, | ‘Ye Selety. A Se

noon at the Century Theatre the To-day he is the most distinguished of | Miami University at Oxford, Cincinnati,

 

Symphony Sooiety of New York, Walter European conductors and his Bervices
Damrosch, conductor, will complete its | #"° always in great demand. While in
regular subscription seasop. For this America Mr, Nikisch will conduct the
programme two famous symphonies | London Symphony Orchestra at thirty-
have been selected, that of Hadyn in G| M® concerts in twenty-one days, and
major, No. (', one of hia best works in this from the present demand for seats in
form, and the “Eroica” of Beethoven, | °Y°'Y olty of the itinerary capacity houses
in E flat, A study of the season's pro- will greet this organization,

grammes shows that the range of com-
posera represented in the Symphony |
Soolety's series has been wide, including |

men of nearly every nationality in the, :
of the world, ™usic and entered the Vienna Conserva-

some | tory at 11. His course as a student was
of rare distinction, Helemesberger,
thought which indicate contemporary | ‘he director, overturned precedent in
tendencies, and which Mr. Damrogch! @4miration for tho young genius and
deemed worthy of a hearing here, andi permitted him to conduct the conserva-
other compositions that promise to take; TY orchestra, Ho. was the first student
their piace in the repertory. Tho rich|*® Wim such an honor and the only one

literature of the orchestral fleld hasalko| °f that period, although Mahler and
been drawn upon for a large number of! Mott! were then pupils in the institu-
familiar works. tion,

The New York Philharmonic Society; During his conservatory course Nikisoh
under Josef Stransky and in conjunction! was constantly called upon by visiting
with Kubelik, the noted Bohemian Vio-/ artista to act as accompanist, an accom.
linist, will appear to-day in Chicago plishment for which he has alwaya pos. |
for the firet time in its seventy years|seased a peculiar and distinguishin
existence, This is the middie point of | genius. He was also an able. violinis

two weeks’ tour with Kubelik which

udes St, Louie, Cincinnati, Indian-

apolia, Detroit other cities never! Choral

| Pa

‘

The brilliant career of Nikisch is known | tinguished tenor John McCormack, and
to all who are conversant with the prog- | the
ress of musical affairs, Born in Hungary | Narelle, who are to be heard in a recital) s:15 P.M. He will play Handel's sonata
in 1855, he showed an early aptitude for Of Irish songs, ballade

\headed by Mme. Nellie Melba.

and was chosen by Wagner as the first | 948
violin at the performance of Beethoven's | criti¢s to be “the sweetest lyrie tenor
Symphony at the laying of the! in the world.”

Viadimir De Pachmann, the celebrated
Chopin interpreter, is now completing his
farewell tour of this country and he will
give his last recital tn this city for all
time on Saturday afternoon, Apri) 13, in
Carnegie Hall, at 2:30. At the termina-
tion of Mr, De Pachmann's farewell tour
of this country he will return to Europe
and spend his time in travelling.

ronto, Ottawa, Montreal, Boston and
Prov idence,

JOHN McCORMACK.

Lovers of the best in music will wel-
come the return to this city of the dis-

Henry Wolkski will give a violin recital

Irish-Australian at the Carnegio Lyceum on April 4 at

Marie

|

i

Toledo, Detroit, Rochester, Buffalo, '
soprano

and operatic; in A, Pagnini’s concerto in D and Bach's
arias in this city on Sunday evening, | Chaeonne.,
April 14, at 8:30 o'clock, Mr, MoCormack's
success at the New York Manhattan) concert at Carnegie Hall on April 25 at
Opera House, under Oscar Hammer-|s:15 P.M, He will play Handel's D ma-
stein, and with the Philadelphia-Chicago | Jor sonata, Conus's concerto in BE mtmor,
Opera Company has been
by others equally impressive
concert stage. The Marum Quartet announces that tts
Mr, McCormack will reappear inthis city] third and last cone.rt at Cooper Union
after a long session of operatic on 2 take place on Thursday, April’ 4, 1912,
deavor in Australia, where he has been! The principal number on the programme
the principal tenor in the company will be Mogart’s quintet for clarinet and
Anahees strings and August Fraemeke will be
, : heard In a group of piano solos,
ing to the press of that country no singer 4
in years has appealed to music patrons
as this young Irish artist, whose voive
pen declared by several Ausiralian

Maximillan Plizer, violintat, will give a

on the|ern’s "New HEngland’ suite,

 

Bach, Schumann, Cesar Franck, Mau-

on the programme which Harold Bauer
will offer at his farewell piano recital in

The programme will include |

followed | Lalo's “Symphonie Espagnole” and Sev- |

rice Ravel, Debussy and Chopin are the |
composers whose works are represented | torio "St. Paul’ on the evening of Tuea- |
day, April 2, in the great hall of the City |

Carnegie Hall, Saturday afternoon, April ' will be

with Handel. The composition is worked
out more decidedly on the lines of pure
musio and thus has an affinity with Bach's
mode of work. So here again we find
something new in point of style.

“What is also new is that the German
Requiem consists exclusively of choral

| tions for a solo voice. In the requiem

6. This concert will mark Mr. Bauer's
third Carnegie Hal! recital this season.
On tour the pianist has filled over sixty
| engagements, extending as far west as
j the Pacific coast and south into Texas.

David Bispham, the distingul#hed bary-
ltone, will assist Misa Mary Reno Pinney
jat her concert to be given in the ballroom
‘of the Plaza Hotel on the evening of
'March 29 at 8:30 o'clock. Mise Pinney
| was for several years the organist of
| First Church of Christ, Scientist, New
| York city,
Miss Dagmar de C. Rubner, pianist, will
be the soloist at the Metropolitan Opera
| House concert on Sunday evening next.
Miss Rubner is the daughter of Prof,
Rubner of the Columbia University and
made her debut at Karlsruhe, Baden, play-
ing the Schumann concerto under Mott).
In this country she has had several fine
| orchestral appearances in Washington,
| Pittsburg, Brooklyn and New York city,
jand has done some exceptional recital

{work In connection with her father at the |

|}Columbla University. Miss Rubner gave
the first of her two recitals in Washing-
ton on March 22 under a most distin-
guished patronage.

 

The date for the second of the series
of recitals given by Miss Isabel Hauser,
|planist, and Alexander Saslavsky, concert
|master of the New York Symphony Or-
| chestra, in the Myrtle Room of the Wal-
| dorf-Astoria has been changed from April
}2 to April 4. At this recital Miss Hauser
and Mr. Saslaveky will have the assist-
ance of the Saslavsky String Quartet. The
programme will include the plano quartet
in G minor by Mozart, sonata for plano
and cello, op. 58, No. 2, by Mendelssohn
and the Dvorak plano quintet, op, 84,
which the artists are giving by request.

 

Leo Ornstein, the young Russian plan-
jist, will be the soloist at the last sub-
| seription concert of the Volpe Symphony
| Orchestra, March 26, Carnegie Hall, when
jhe will play the MacDowell concerto. This
WIL probably be the last New York ap-
pearance of this young artist for several
Seasons, as he will concertize in Burope
for the next two or three seasons, The
firat alx of his compositions have recently

 

been published by Arthur P. Schmidt of | few remaining Liszt
Boston, who has also entered into a seven; recital at’ Carnegie

year contract with young Ornstein for the
jexclusive rights of publishing his com-
| positions,

|

College, to which the music loving public
admitted free, is announced by the

 

A performance of M+ndelesonhn's ora: |

| heude (false BO

of THE Sun has no excuse to offer except
that, in spite of his years of experience,
he once again ate of the fruit with which
the press agent did tempt him, It is a
singular and interesting fact that as
soon a8 a man becomes a press agent

he buries his conscience. And the press .

the so-called romanticists have rebelled |movements. Brahms has shown else-|agent of the Boston -orchestra seems
against him and ecolded at him as a peda- | where that he is capable of great composi- | to be such a nice young man too. ,

‘ W. J. HENDERSON.

 

 

 

—

People’s Choral Union In cooperation with
Prof. Samuel A. Baldwin. Dr. Frank
Damrosch will be the conductor of the
evening and, in addition to his chorus of

rege

300, will be assisted by Prof. Baldwin at ,

the organ: Mrs, Edith Chapman Goold,
soprano: Miss Mary Jordan, contralto,
Frederick Wheeler, tenor ;
Wheeler, bass, and the New York Sym-
| phony Orchestra,

Ellen Arendrup, Danish soprano, assisted
hy Holgar Birkerod, Danish barytone, will
give a song recital at the Plaga Hotel on
Thureday afternoon under the direction of
Annie Friedberg. Miss Arendrup will on
this occasion make hér New York debut tn
concert, having won distinction in Copen-
hagen before her arrival in the United
States several months ago. Her pro-
gramme will embrace four special groups
of songs, the first by Brahms, Rubinstein,
Max Reger and Hans Pflzner. The secend
will be three Danish songs by P. Helse,
followed by a group of Norwegian songs
by Grieg, Peterson Berger, Lange-Muller
and Sjogren. She will sing three songs in
| English, “My Deastre,’ by E. Nevin: "To
You," by Oley Speaks, and “Daybreak,”
by Maud Daniels,

concert at the Plaza Hotel Wednesday
evening, when she will be assisted by Dow
minico Savino, planist; Max Jacobs, vie-
Hnist, and Irma Seibert, harpist. Miss
Fox, who has introduced to New York
many original Swiss jodels, German Heder
and Southern negro melodies, has won
distinction for her talent in this line.

 

Mre. Curtis Burnley, whose concluding
recital of character {impersonations and
songs is announced for the Belasco. 'The-
atre, Friday afternoon, April 12; will be
assisted by Miss Cary! Bensel, sopratio,

who will sing three groups of gongs, dne *

we
William .

Lois Fox, a Southern singer, will give a +

of which, written by Mra. Burnley, will be *

the public introduction. Mra. Burnley,
whose programine ombraces only her own
work of songs and monologues adapted by
herself, has written several other original
songs and monologues for the occasion.

MR. FRIEDHEIM’S CONCERT.

Arthur Friedheim, pianist, one of the
pupils, will give @
all next Sunday
afternoon, The programme:

 

 

Variations on Dlabelll walte Reethoven
| Moto perpetio Weber
Song without words (PF major) Mendelssohn

itudes,  winer, A flaty GQ minor )
Brgipaes. Gininor, } sharp, G and fat Chopin
' : ' j

“* Fubinateta

‘
sieeesesseenesntne neces MAGMS

  
   

aroliec, G minor

Siz Pagenial caprices

~

Oo 6 heres He BO REWER OOS FOS EOSDE RSW Ee HH PERE OTe

eens

 

een sO ampee wt ese
=

eR net ewe eweeere =

a ee me ee 8 re