: Oa +s

ava

Yok , ous,

WU stared ay eas edhew ae

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
     

 

In 1906 she sang the music of one of the
Rhine Daughters in’ “Das Rheingold” at
Bayreuth. In the following year she be-
came a member of the company at Covent

through Europe engaged inthe profitable
occupation described as “guesting.”

Thus she has anne Covent ‘acu dae
the Grand Opéra in Paris, in Brussels a
Vienna. Mile Hampel comes to the Metro-| Garden. When Geraldine Farrar wes en-
politan Opera House under a contract gaged for the Metropolitan Opera House

| that has existed for some years, She was} by Heinrich Sore ei ‘Mile. Hempel went
| here last season, but it suited the | to Berlin, and sincé has been one of
@b2 orities.at the Berlin theatre betier | the foremost members of ‘the company.
to nave her come next year. when she will | To-day she may. ek be called the fore-
appear for a series of performances at the | most colorature soprano of Europe.
Metropolitan.
‘ Mile. Hempel is not limited to the fre-| to an extension of the répertoite which
{quently narrow range of ‘the colorature ,may bé made possiblé through the pres-
| soprano. She does sing Gilda and Violetta, | ence of Mile. Hempel ‘in the company.
Lucia and Rosina, But she is also mis-|So,far none of these matters has been

 

\

tress of such lyric roles as Elsa, Eva and | definitely. settled,’ although it; is true
Leonora, the last indeed being accounted aaa admirers of French oP a hava been

 

 

a
LUCREZIA

FV rar awa vola
LUCREZLA
BOF! 2H

“GWEN OOLYM

  

 

commonly here a dramatic rdle. ' But it is
in the colorature roles that Mile. Hempel
will be heard here.

| It has been a long time since there has
been a German singer of the lighter so-
prano répertoire in this country. - It is
curious that the two singers of this kind
most discussed in Europe nowadays are

 

‘LA FILLE ov
REGIMENT.

    
    

with Mlle.
trilling’ sovereign. . This+is ohe of the |
roles in which she has gained especial | ra
Buccess‘in Europe:” :

Then. there are ,some lovers of. the
operas which demand many stars together
who hope that the association of Mile.
Hempel with the. company may result
in a production of. Mozart's “Il Flauto
Magico,” which has not*been heard here
in years. Mme. Sembrich was the last
previous Aongenee at-the Metro-
politan Opera House when Maurice Grau
revived Mozart's long drawn out opera
with Mmes. Eames, Ternifia, Suzanne

|
from the Royal Opera House in Berlin, :
| has also appeared frequently in the opera

j of Humperdinck. She sings it of course |
lin German just as Geraldine Farrar, '|Germans, Mile. Hempel and Selma Kurz,

|Signora Bori sings the text of the Italian | Wo occupied until last spring the same
| version of the opera. which at La Scala is Post in Vienna that Mile. Hempel does in
| given under the title of “Figlia del Re.” Berlin. It is rumored that Selma Kurz
Signora. Bori is Italian and her real | ™#Y come here to sing with the Chicago
naine is Borgia. Although she is said to Opera Company.
belong to the family of that name, there| Mlle. Hempel is a native of Leipsic,where |
is a trace of Spanish blood in her veins, , her father was a janitor in an apartment |
Giulio Gatti-Casazza realizes the demand | at the Theatre Sarah Bernhardt, she! Her musical education was acquired in| house. She was born in 1884. Her first | Adams and Scheff and.MM. Dippel, Cam-
for singers who seem likely to attain cima on from Rome to appear as Milan and to that musical city her stage | musical talents were instrumental,and at | panari and Edouard.de Reazkein the cast.
the artistic stature necessary for the | Manon in the opera that Giacomo Puccini experience has so far been limited, ‘the Leipsic Conservatory she studied }But none of these: possibilities has been
standard of the Metropolitan Opera House, | has made from the romance of the Abbé; She is a lyric soprano at present, al-| ‘the piano. From 1903 until 1905 she re- definitely promised by, the ditector.
60 he does not wait to make his engage- Prevost. It was Lina Cavalieri who) though it is by no means impossible that | mained there and then took up her singing {© Jacques Urlus, ‘who , will come to the
ments until the summer preceding the! represented that heroine when the work | she may ultimately be ready to sing the| Under Mme. Niklas Klempner, a well
season in which artists are to appear for) was given at the Metropolitan Opera! dramatic répertoire as well, In the mean- | known German teacher of singing. Mme.
the first time here. House. ! | time her grace and-beauty as well as her | Klempner took her pupil to the authorities
Thus it happens that Signora Bori,; Signora Bori than made such a favor- | musical accomplishments should make Of the Royal Opera House in Berlin and
the young Italian soprano who is to'able impression that Signor Gatti-Casazza | her a valuable member of the company ! they were delighted with her voice. It
be heard here nex! season, has been for! decided that she would after another! at the Metropolitan Opera House. | was decided, however, that she did not
two years under contract with the Metro- season's experience be ripe fora New York; Another new soprano to be introduced | have sufficient experience to become a
politan Opera Company to come to this, début, ‘This season she has added various | next season by Giulio Gatti-Casazza is| member of this important’ company at
country. She hus during the past season’ rdles to her répertoire, among them the) far more famous in her profession than | once. So she was engaged almost before
been singing at La Scala, Her first ap-, heroine of “Konigskinder,” which Geral-| the youthful Italian. She is Frieda Hem- | her public career had begun on condition
pearance so far as her present fame dine Farrar has made her own in this, pel, who is now regarded as the foremost that for a season after her musical educa-
is concerned was in Paris two years ago. = country. colorature soprano of Europe. She is| tion was completed she should go to Stet-
When the Metropolitan Opera Com-, But as it happens there will be two new | attached permanently to the Royal Opera | tin for a year and in that theatre learn
pany went there with Signor Caruso, representatives of this réle in the company | | House in Berlin, although she is now a| what was necessary for her to know of
to give a series of Italian representations next year, as Frieda Fano who comes | star of such importance that she trav els | ‘actual stage experience.

oe
PNOTE.EY MISUMINSTUBIOS.

Aceuvrs VALVUS

SS

 

 

heroic German répertoire, is‘ also from
Leipsic, where he has been for some years
in the company of the ‘Stadt Theater.
He has sung almost. exc!
own country, although he has been called
to many German cities to take part in
Wagnerian festivals.

Last month he came out here to aing
with.Mme. Nordica at-.the’ productions
of “Tristan und Isolde,” which were given

Weingartner. When he comes riext win-
ter to the Metropolitam, Opera House it
will be to take the. phe, of Car] Burrian.

SMUGGLING BY MOTOR

 

— a a — ~<a SS

but jin seelagtae minutes, with a branch MAGNANIMOUS GLADSTONE!

the | forking off to Tourcoing.

| tne bonnets, wheelbarrows, saws, and

no longer adventurous peasants,
‘even boots, all hollowed out for stowing

simply criminals, refugees from

 

There have beeh. various surmises as ' and Niemzow

| regular social fungt

Heakice hopefully. ot’ “Lea (Huguenots”
Hempel as Marguerite, the |?

Metropolitan Opera ‘House to sing the °

tC)
lusively in his |:

in Boston under the’ directién of Felix | «

 

 

away tobacco,

There are stacks of Government papers
concealing a zino tobacco receptacle,
hollow roulette wheels for coffee,and work-
men's drinking cans with only a few inches
of liquor in a little metal receptacle be-
neath the cork, the rest of the tin being
intended for tobacco. There is a whole

. series of spiked armor, spiked collars and
harness furnished with a number of sharp
spears, worn by the dogs trained by the |
smugglers to dash across from Belgium |

BELGIUN) INTO FRANCE

New Method Enables Contraband
Runner to Carry Large Quan-
tities at a Time.

PHANTOMS OF THE BORDER

Men Engaged in the Mliclt Traffic Have
Retired With
Fortunes.

against the dogs sent in pursuit by the
French excisemen,
The smugglers train these dogs by
| treating them with persistent brutality
, in Belgium and with every kindness in
| France, so that the moment a dog is re-
leased he makes straight for the refuge
in France, where he knows caresses and
licacies await him.
n the course of many talks I had with
the courteous, tenacious French douaniers
~a splendid type of French official, faith-

The motor car has become the indis-
pensable accessory tothe modern criminal.
London, Paris and New York have had in
turn a succession of audacious bank and
jewel robberies executed with the aid of
taxicabs or motor cars. And the motor
car is revolutionizing another branch of |
crime, one of the most ancient forms of
criminal activity in the world—namely, |
emuggling.

Fae Frenco-fx4igian frontier has long
een the happy hunting ground of the
smuggler. Smuggling, amateur and pro-
fessional, is practised to an extrhordinary

ous— I heardstrange stories of the ex-
trvordinary devices employed by these
smugglers of the old school. A captain of
| douanes told me that when he was on duty
in the Ardennes an entrie funeral pro-
cession came across the frontier—hearse |
with the coffin buried in wreaths, acolytes |
with lighted candles, weeping relatives,

extent. Owing to the abnormally high 4d even the curé in his soutane and eur-
duties on tobacco this commodity is the Plice.
principal object of the smuggling trade, But, when, despite the lachrymose |

but coffee and spirits are also introduced indignation of the bereaved family, my

in a hundred ingenious ways. friend insisted on opening the coffin |
An extraordinary collection of varie- be found that the dear departed was aim- |

gated objects hanging in the Customs. Ply several hundred pounds of Belgian

Museum at Lille, which I visited in the tobacco,

course of a trip | have just made to the But times have chnaged, The country

Franco-Belgian frontier, says G, Valentine | folk along the straggling frontier of the

Williams in the London Daily Mail, gives | department of the Nord, stretching from
ab eloquent idea of the tricks employed | Dunkirk to Valenciennes, atill engage, it is
by a generation of smugglers ngw fast true, in smuggling, but the professional
passing away. ‘There are chairs, b¥ushes,| smugglers recruited in low taverns in
pitohforks, masons’ hods, widows’ mourn- |

 

ful, devoted, and magnificently courage-

French penal settlements, ex-convicts,
desperate men willing to take any risk
to earn large sums of money without
much trouble.

They are seldom the principals. They
are merely the employees of dark figures
who keep in the background and who

traffic on a large scale.

It is an ideal motor road, such curves as
there are being wide; there is little traffic,
and cars can safely travel at full speed
the éntire length of the chaussie. ‘Whén
it is pointed out that another road running
parallel to the Grand Boulevard and easily
accessible to it enables a man acquainted

|are in possession of the large funds re- with the lie of the land to dodge the Lille
quired for carrying on the contraband | 0¢troi, it will be seen that this great high- |:
The French cus-; Way, running from the Belgian frontier

 

toms people know all about these kings of | clear into France is an ideal route for the |
‘contraband, many of whom have been | modern smuggler comfortably ensconced

south of France with large fortunes |
amassed by this illicit traffic.

They have regular stables of fast horses
for “rushin
dogs for solitary “excursions by night;

a splendidly organized apy service in
France for* watching the movements of !
the customs men and giving timely warn-
ing of raids, and a whole network of re-
ceiving stations.in the mining districta of
France, where the contraband tobacco is
sold,

The coming of the motor car is rapidly
changing the old methods of smuggling.
The petite contrebande is diminishing
yearly, while la grande fraude, according
to the customs statistics, is mounting by
leaps and bounds, Contraband) raids
with mutor cars were first practised in the
{vicinity of Dunkirk and Valenciennes
about three years ago, but it is only within
the last two years that the -“phantom
| autos,” as they are called ih the. district,

began to make threi appearance in the

rich and densely populated triangle en-
closed in the three great manufacturing
towns of Lille, Roubaix and Tourcoing.

The advent of the smuggling car in the

| Lille district is due to a particular circum-
jstance, The three towns are joined by a

superb boulevard) known as Le Grand

Boulevard du Nord a magnificent high-

road 160 feet broad with a splendid surface

The Grand Boulevard runs straight
| through to Lille, a distance of seven and a|

 

lonely places on Belgian territory are half miles, Which the wamway care cover* Yearly

into France by night and thus protected | able to retire to villas at Ostend or the! in a high power motor car. |

The new system is all to the advantage |
of the large scale contraband runner,
does away with the costly and risky

@” the douane station, and of System of relays of smugglers, since a

big car can carry a cargo of, tobacco or |
matches from the centre of Belgium well
into the heart of France;
large | ;
quantities at a time, end therefore to buy | an
cheaper, and it practically does away with
the risks of infidelity Seong the contra-
band runner's emp! |
‘ Before the day o' the motor car the
premium of 40 per cent, granted by the)
customs on the value of the contraband |
to the informer often proved an. irre-|
sistible beit. A scribbled’ note handed |
under cover of darkness'to a douanier
bidding»the excise man be at a certain |
place at a certain hour sufficed for a
smuggler, tiring of his life’ of adventure,
to come into possession of a respectable |
sum of: money
But to-day the contraband runner has!
gal to give his chauffeur instructions
ive the smuggling car from a certain |
place in Belgium to a certain place in|
‘rance, with orders to go at: eight Rhroush'|
enyobstacles en route. At the firat halt
in France a telegram awaits the chayffeur |
with fresh instructions, and #0 on tram
place to place, so that the driver ia ke; py |
n continual ignorance of his ultim
destination
The general expense of these motor car |
raids, once the initial outlay for the oar |
has been met, is far leas than under the,
old system,

almost powerless to hold up th tra- |
jaan cars, and the amugglers’' re
.the traffic is

eit

>

tao ae eee pernieme steeeoe

statesman’ wrote for the Retiew en

It | nel’s bla

it enables the | °
|contraband runner to smuggle

"ht

The custome authorities are |
| the rest to oe

How He Soeur Robert ‘Ingersoll, pm a
Friend Saw. It. .°

As editor of the North. Ameryican Review
William H.~Rideing* had close busin
relations ,with Gladstone..,The En

ae | site

“4 after its -
Uastion he, said to La

“I wi
not’ written hit? soe
Ingersoll | feel as if Lhad hed a : tuadd

a chimney sweep. undereta:
| that. he hes'been: gentto “all fér sohding |
im,”

impro books through:the mails,” .

v Hast stened to. correc’ says Mr!
Rideing, “and to asstre him. of the Colg-
movnen moral character, ‘He lid-

with.-a: aweep , of et

ity whioh, «was amising des

hen I /amaul peter, say another
about it!” '

on Ingersoll,.a:

 

t
rakgnanign
clared:
word

 

Pushcart Man's Philesaphy.
The theory of pushcart, selling is*that

t
fale brought to people's attention; on
Sabor the myriads passing alon
thoroughfare’ there are people with sa

sorte of latent: wants z whion we ee aal!
ened ‘into a buyin impuleo. If it nana th
want can be brought to sight. It is thie

belief that prom:

the: vender t
stocks that to m . rue ober

y persons might seem

ill adapted to street. eclling.
He may eppear ope lay, ith h
drawn up beside the “er 7 load éith
burners and shad © wants to

uy these things here? But-some
id Oy ae sight Car aye

rem y the 6 ° t
load that one of. his gag Burnare at yrs
i Plugged wp and ‘ale 4 lve af

he may th -. the

| would like ihe to try one of those
+ Or the pushcart man may gle a ei
A ele all sorte been eanoe ind
a

_ of much . hoes tne 3 {s Wigs
| bitte’ job of tinkering, at home’ and
jure eeu: oe :
mes the p t v
& a rar with £0 count of,t
‘a man ho sel
ke and pipes, o-thirde
levoted to pooh

poet

se Soha ar sale

»* =

hing whatever can be'sold if it te|'

Te

IT “RSD: :
GAMES :KND PROBLEMS

ee eh ae me

Ribinsteln. Landed . First - Prize—
_ Sptelmantn“and Niemzowitseh Ht
ye “for ‘Second.

 

8
‘4
a a

| TARRARCH TAKES: FOURTH

 

Maa itans cing hie nevi
theSs Federation's ‘Movement
gg 1o- Make New laws.

 

.

On Friday the "cable ‘announced that | wien B Dr

Rubinstein, the Riiselan expért, madaged to|*
land’ the, first prige in the international |
tourney at Sap Sebastian, while’ Spielmann |
itech had to be satisfied with
a diviston of the decond and third prizes,
while the, German champion, Tarragch, .re-
ceived the fourth prive,. 1t.is a most re-
matkéble thing. that men ‘like Marshatl,
Schle@hter end,.Telchmann never came up
to their previous tournéy récords and Spiel-
mann, vee, had cérrjéd everything before
him’ rét part of {the contest, could
not iatntel hie gait to the end. However,
a$ soon ‘as and ada of the final rounds will
comé to hard additional comments may be
in ,arder ' It. is, clear, however, that as
Rubinetein mgnaged to get a total of twelve
and a half points he must have beaten Spiel-
mee ,and Niemzowitsch in the final
Te
bat thay be, Sironae the only annual
jon ih metrppolitan chess
dircleg, thé dinnet of the members end
friénds of the Manhattan Chess Club, took
pace = the Hotel Astot a week ago yester-
roved to be one ofthe most suc-
sonal lt < of the long series, . Ovér.a hundred
sgt donn ‘to an éxoellent:repagt, and whe
the immer man ‘had been satisied Presiden
Aristides Martinez introduced tbhe_toast-
master, H’ Rasenstein, who by his humorous
opening speech at.once, creatéd a merry.and
deivt! sentiment among all, those present
d ‘thus contributed not ‘a ‘little ‘to the
shins of the evening. The toastmaster
fas apienditily supported ‘by the other
pare. Rose, Bainbridge Colv$, Walter

faiples, i. Louis , Bign, Herman
Toll Ayiiiste de! Vister, a3 8. Curry
an@ Major Hanham, @hil-R. Limburg, who

as he stated. was unevoldably, prevented
f atténding the: function; causéd James
Tiebiibg to read to* the. -distors @ letter of
apalog? for being a

This letter, a.humo ae Septatis, made a
distingt, hit, especially. one/paragraph, in
which he éxpreased the hope that a genet-
ous’ member of the club might be induced
to'ofter a bfilliatcy prize for the best speech
of the evéning, riot so much on account of
popularizing speechmaking among the
members. for; the clu’ possesses so many

Tek cs rs al $i but?to give the
& chanteof receivise special mention
tt re 2 Bon and-the. American Chena Rulletin
r* Penn ‘Shipley, .-howéver, really

we ia prize, but, for the winners of a set
of:two’chrreapondence games, to be played
bethoen:' the rer of the Manhatten
esgarentitn chées

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 

.atrangements
enjoy yable

aa
ee acts
3 tat ie m
money
ntott at

the: scare
Geir fees Si pat he th
ey
at ‘even in this i ine atea w. Powe! ie
WaRrite lay down: soe taw per alec, emer

\ileand te to
SNPS es eh da iY

Tread
therefore, not
nel

ita money qgues-
tion ai on ef @; lead! yteatures of the

sige

Cunss Fapnatron.

26, 1912.
The, aes 8 Manbattoa © eee me

z , Art York.

we on of scertal ra
Rie et eS h

hey ar aot tution ee

ee eth
fous a8 inthe
add

eas
eration In April,
before them
would favor
Ould be much
would ask

definite

ee Fat eum:
uae Sichn see ead
ue Renna” gente
co ethos ot deel ng ne tne os

the dumber oer eat, ‘teat nia
a, bat thos rentioned tavon vole yy

that gues, be it see seed ent generally
eed upon. m Sorgaind i) follow

wes | pr cat tha BS we Wald only De tale to

amt id the operation
ie until Ne ¥

f o p rap ru cipher
a ty beudil etestad.
Gud, however, be feltear that‘ ec
‘ mt eis ent champion at
eliue an Jectto thre Propo
much, intereet the favor of. your
draw pent Sree 10 7
be enol ear
ld be quer” youro falon.
Ri gators iad
10m red‘ by' RR? Lim
mthal for his
anhei in the

ld

ie

saan ai
Pauls Bi te a
parte b Sindnes Bie

es

for the special

ee any, (one, he cir
vhtgee fn home mato
rooklyn chess

reas actutenr
8
oa Se) b., oO °

pr veatsrday. Jeter. Tt
ace on e
pe ti roatedll at‘a late poets of: the

g fae

other. selection of games
gulan tourney, with notes

ted to. pus bdo
ad . 8 y' the 2 Bure

; nt reagon Pees es with
ce ERSRET LP

of attacik on
iter would

pore ot i ants would LR, ned to'be
a Back Bare allen t io

 

 

    
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
     
  
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
  

h saved,’ ‘ wet
ave ve ‘the, game, b-»4 Se cca
ite om 26. K—Ktz, | ae a #8. K— Rg,

is
"Keeping the miag j

sons Conclusion would i
“meee on {
"OKs cht ds. Kab, Pits chia. iter
an meat meve, If 37, k-- neat
Laake. & 1nd thi After mearly six
Ww the wihning Siw eves in

“FOUR KNIGHTS GAME.

 

Tarrasch. a | ‘Tarrasch.

White. k. |. White.
Ake nte, re 45 (| 12 R-Be
AKtDS RRS | 1BO-Oe
4B—K B--KtS 20 QaR
SCastles . Cast 271 Bt—Q5
6P P—Q4a 22 9%
“7 PxP Ktz 23 P—-KR4
6B—KtS. B-—K2d 24 Kt--K5
9 Ktakt RaB 25 KtzsP /
10 Ki2B ak Kt 26 Kt: {
uP. ~-Q 27 £
12 P-- PxP 2 t—-KtS
13 Wak PaB Rie
i KtRKBPa —- ie 30 I

: esigns

10 R— R-Kt4 .

t out of the analyzed lines of
‘Arrasch Is better prepared ua

10) pe p West Love, P—B3 being obdvinw
of ao R

 

LBP ‘wo 1d ve eek a dh

attack wit fb and tho

) So fi - ‘br, Narvaseh treater the o

very , having Feteiney koight agalest
an rai

 

     
   
   
  
   
 
  
   

3
Fd)
draw Kt and play for a draw.
(9) A Dlunder. He overlooked Marga
Jolnde
,RUY LOPEZ.
Spleiians. Leonhardt. ' Spielmann. ‘9
e. |
- ‘ Rx
iP Ki P 7 19 Q--K4
2Kt—KBS Kt— 20 QB Kua
3 B—Kt5 P—Q 21Q—Rich K-
4B—R4 Kt—B3 2B-K4 =
i ag B—K2 23 B--Ks B
6 R—K be aekse Kt.
7B—KS =P > PB Q
6 P-—B3 Kt—QR4 6 8 -R3 R-
09 BB? P—h4 27 PxP P.
10 P—Q3 B2 28 B--Kt ?
il g ~-B3 29 B--KB2
12 P- R—QKt 30 K--8
18 PsP $1 P—Kéhe —iK-
hte? ka [Beas
8 5 io BS i Brkt » ne
- 4 aRe tes!
is PaP BRK -

(a) This move would be right enough
sting, but in-the present position decidedly

ad.
(b) Leonhardt probably thought that he w
gain time with this -move, attacking both vone
anf bishop. But the ‘king Reing suilin the centre
the move is ineffective. The whole line of play
1s forced right up to the end.
(6) erie ht ave i‘ es
(d) ow he ha ve back even ¢
whieh “he was mene, the ale nder compensates
for rnere te no reply to tht O-Re
iy re is no reply 8 move,

being threatened.
FOUR KNIGHTS’ GAMF.,

Schlechter. ‘Jarrasch. | Sch hier. Tarra
Whi fe Black wnt Black

ite 5
1P—Ks P—K4 18 neRD: RK
2Kt—KBS K BS | 19 Kt—B3 P—
SKt—BS = Kt 20 B— Q-Ky
4B-K5 B-KG 21 K-—-R q R4
BCastles . Casties 32 P— aPe
6 R-—Ka P. 23 Re RR
7 Bxkt PxB 24 BxP B—Kts
6 P— K 20 B- R—EK
9 R—K 2h P—Bi
10 R—Kt B—R4 27 Kt- B—Rs
1Kt—K2 B—Ktse 28 Kt-- B—K3
12 P— P—BS ss K7
18 P— P—QR«d oa KA)
14 KtRzP Px 31 py ae Brkt
Wei. Bi [Bors to”
16 KtzKt x x x
17 —B3 BR *%. Drawn
(a) Unusual, but the same Position might aries
from the Berlin defence ‘Of th the Ruy Lopez.
0% It one be easy to gauallze the game with
Bakt: Xa PxB, 5 oe 10. PaP, KtxP, with
bisto a erent c
(e) Ty t Dr. h should avoia changing

bis! s is only to Ur oxreees A his ian
for t but | presen t position
Diebos for bisho 7 atte in withdrawing te
3 as no w ‘ul ri
eee Is too late now to release the bishop, and
the text move Is the only offe ever
(e) Sonne the peat to the ignomianious task

© | of aeneat Rest n “the ‘ch circumstances, as It threatens
ttac!
Bsn the best resource in so inferior s

good a position as could be desired.
5 rook out tot play, boas pares me black
Of open files,
) fs promoters excursion; Kt—BS would have
pretty saving move

been be
Ave
(k) Awe ‘or. white, ane the saly saving move,
and the game |s draw
PROBED NO. ve
Black—12

BY P.. K. TRAXLER
plecen.

 

Whité—6 pieces.
White to play and mate in three moves.

PROBLEM NO, 242. BY F. MOELLER.
Black—2 pieces.

 

White—6 °
White to play and mate in two moves.

pleces.

SOLUTION TO ve NO, 289

1,.B-——-K8, BxR; QxRP si &c.

1, B—KS&8, Rinices: . Q-—BA, &c.

1, B-K8, Kt (Kt) any; .2. SK -K7 ch, &e

1, B—K8, P—Kt5; 2. QxKt P ch, &c

1, BaF, Kt—Q?2 or K3; 2. Qxki @
Qi.

1, B_-kS, R any; - QxKt P, &c.

SOLUTION ‘To PROBLEM NO, 340
Kt4, &e.
beater solutions to both these problems
received from C.. H, O'Connor, Montclalr,
N. J. Dr, W. H. Rider, Danbury, Conn, , Dr
A. *Baldwin, Norwaik, Conn.; 8. M. 8d
ler, ae York city; R. T. Blumberg, Brook
lyn, N. Y.; Arnold P. Reddinger, New York
city; Martin Steppinger, Hoboken, N '
Ralph P. Johnson, Schenectady, N. Y.
Correct solutions received to No. 240 from
Kasdon, New York city; P. 8. Barrett
Hrookjyn. | N. Y¥.; Will C, Benedict, Canton
H. G. Warwick, Philedelphia, Pa
sons h Bradley, Ridgewood, N. J
ditional correct solution
Noe 238 from W. 8. Burns, Bath
. CORRESPONDENCE.
>. FE. Jaeckel, Jr., Spring Valley, N
ihe to os 4@ game by correspondence.

AMERICAN CHESS BULLETIN

Iesued* monthly since 1004; $2.00
yearly; sample copies upon ap-
plication; only New York City em-
porium for chess goods and books
160- Nassau Street

BOSTON othe

FALL’ RIVER LINE Via Newperi apd wat
tre, PU Sarr

River... ki dauadare 000 pit “3 Warrea S

sad
NEW. LONDON Crees tte

yw
x 4 Ly. . N. ee o Cure n
00 P.
fire ah

ie
Nene ten NEW “HA
LINE Ly, Pier 28, © R38
: ‘onty. Sir. CHESTER W. CHAP
r Meena 171 ‘Broadway. ‘Transfer Tourl#
or and Piers.

=: We

Providence Direct, $1.50] Worcester, $24°
Daily, including Sunday, 6:30 P. M
oo Pier 19, East sRiver.
 eeepemeet nee beesdwey. WT.

receiv af te

Y., woul

‘AND Hows