'

Yr MARCI AUNY

OUVSS DIANTHA A.FITCH

—
Continued from Firat Page.

— -

Ryan, Stewart P. West, Robert J. Collier,
William F. Sheehan, Harvey Spencer,
‘Auguste Noel, Herman Ridder and Jacob
L Philips.

A bridge tournament will be held in|

the ballroom of the Plaza Hotel to-morrow
afternoon under the auspices of’ the
Knickerbocker League for the benefit

of the Bethany Fresh Air Fund. Tickets) 5
can only be obtained from members of

the league, and as most of them have
already boon of the

sold the enecees
oeoon bo ess

24 Fac Suce

bridge is already assured. The Bethany
Freeh Air Fund sends children to its farm

‘during each summer and the proceeds

'

will be used for this purpose. Among the
officers and members of the Knicker-
bocker League are the Misses Gladys
Brown, Adele C. Cragin, Margaret Loew,
Gladys Stout, Gertrude Smith, Margaret
Fabre, Dorothy Adriance and Marie L.
Victor.

An appeal for assistance is being made
to those who are irfterested in the Epis-
copal Chapel on Ward's Island and for
the benefit of the building fund a concert
under the auspices of the Altar Guild
of the City Mission Society will be given

* by the Harvard University Quartet on the

afternoon of April 15 in the ballroom
of the Plaza. This quartet is composed
of Dean Winslow Hanscom, Floyd Neale

and Frank R. Hancock, '12, and Kenneth |

Hadden, '14. Samuel L. M. Barlow will
be at the piano and Lawrence S. Butler,

. who was graduated from Harvard some

years ago, will be the soloist. In addition

«to the musical numbers Ralph Bunker,

i instructor

* William Douglas Sloane.
tof Mrs. Hadden, 7 East Seven

~ eecond street; Mrs. J.

of dramatio interpretation
at Harvard, will give a monologue.
Among the patronesses are ;

Jéseph H. Choate, William H. Draper,
Harold F. Hadden, Francis C. Huntingso ;
Arthur Mason Jones, J. Pierp@nt Mor-
an, Jr.; Henry Whitney Munroe, Peter
Olney, Franklin D. Roosevelt and

Tickets at $3 each can be obtained
-sixth
‘ighty-
K. Weat, 59 West
street, and at the various

street, Mra. D. Heller, 4 East

Forty-sixth
hotels.

A benefit for St. Mary's Free Hospital

* will be given at Wallack's Theatre on the

teee

per

- Third street.
- worked for the benefit of this school,

- whose pupils have made marked pro

afternoon of April 25, when “Disraeli”
will be performed by children. George
Arliss will coach the cast and Mrs. James
peyer will have charge of the sale of
seats, applications for which may be
made to Mise Florence Doane, 18 West
Thirty-fourth street.

Mrs. Charles H. Ditson is at the head
of a committee having in charge a special
performance of “Cavalleria Rustioana”
and “Pagliacci” at the Metropolitan
Opera House Tuesday night for the benefit

of the Musio School Settlement at 55! book of which was written by Allen T. |

Mrs. Ditson has for years

e688
in the art of music. Associated with her
for the special performance are Mrs.
Edmund L., Baylies, Mrs. Douglas Robin-
gon, Mrs. Rudolph E. Schirmer, Mrs.
William Douglas Sloane, Misa Frances
Hoppin, Eliot Gregory and Warren A
Mayou.

Moat of the regular subscribers have re-
tained their boxes for Tuesday and there
has already been an encouraging sale of
tickets. e regular opera prices will

revail and applications for boxes may

e made to Mrs. Ditson at her house,

- 19 East Thirty-seventh street.

While the sewing class for the benefit
of the fresh air fund of the Cathedral

‘ of St. John the Divine has come to an
- end for this season, that at the house

of Mrs. F. Ashton de Peyster will con-
tinue and will meet to-morrow. The
class that sews for the Nursery and Child's
Hoepita! will meet for the last time this
Beason next Friday at the house of Mra.
Henry Mills Day, 6 East Forty-fourth
street. Much serious work has been ac-
complished at all the classes mentioned.

Unusually good was the performance
given by the Snarks last Thuraday night
in the Carnegie Lyceum, The play
chosen was “School,” the four act comedy
by T. W. Robertson, which was 80 popu-
lar and familiar in the old days of Wal-
lack's Theatre, ‘The Snarks is an org&ni-
zation of young girls well known in New
York society and has been in existence
oy tive years, The efforts of members
have not been too ambitious and there-
fore all the more pleasing.

‘The play was costumed in the style of
the early '708 and everywhere was the
atmosphere of the girlhood of the time.
No public performances by the organiza-
tion are ever given and none but subscrib-
ing members and their friends go to make
up the audiences, Some well known
members of the Amateur Comedy Club
were called on to fill the male réles and
the production was coached by Misa
Georgie Shipp, herself a member of
the Comedy Club, wtih many successes
in teur dramatics to her credit,

e cast was as follows:
lord Beaufoy........ Morrie Underhill
Dr. Buteliffe, » Chariea Coa Townnes.d
Reau Farintosh Henry George Barto!
Jack Poynts,.........Theodore BE. Steinway
Mr. Krux.... W. G. Wendell
Gameobeeper...ssseesseersees Harold Stokes

a)

 

Mmes | einen

 

Pe a

7 Dy ww)

D

Cameeru Stow
AQIS S
FCA THE?OINE

e

FOr e re eceeereeeseees Horace Green |
| BeOl ov 00030660 66603%% Joseph Ascher Smith |
| Mra. Buteliffe....... Eleonora Morgan Kiase!
f SOMUlOio 5:45 0:0 6068 408 %5 UAT Mrs. Langdon Geer
| Naomi Tighe..... peeeeeeey o--. Ruth Welsh |

MUP ECU ECCCV OER SOON. Ruth Gardner Davis
MEME 246009005049 t cease cox ert Eva MeAdoo |
TORR ec cccccvesvcece -.osIna Alice Kissel |
CISPR rane eevee se 0ece Katharine G. Chapin |
PROC bavicucs vetves Alfce Blaine Damrosch |
Dolly

eed eee ECO CCS Mrs. Richard W. Meade |
.. Virginia Townend |
Sybil White Davis
.. Madeleine Cook |
oe eeeane Laura &. Livingston |
Miss Eleanor Rodman Townsend was |
the stage manager, Miss Alice Blaine
Damrosch and Miss Dorothy Bull at-
tended to the properties.
The active members of the Snarks for
the current season are Miss Ruth Gardner
, Davis, president; Mrs. W. Herbert Adams,
secretary and treasurer; Mrs. Langdon
)Geer, Mrs. Francis J. Danforth, Mrs.
David Pyle, the Misses Eleanor Rodman |
Townsend, Florence Gayley, Dorothy
Bull, Eleanora Morgan Kissel, Ruth Welsh, |
Helen McLaughlin, Sara Arden Cheese-
man, Katharine Garrison Chapin, Ina
Alice Kissel, Eva McAdoo and Alice
| Blaine Damrosch. Miss Shippen is the
only honorary member. :
Among the subscribers
Jerome Alexandre,

are Mmes.
William McAdoo,
Henry G. Bartol, Haslett McKim, Frank
| McLaughlin, Lindley Hoffman Chapin, |
| Wilton Merle-Smith, W. Barclay Parsons, |
Wot be Cheeseman, f.atham G. Reed,
Walter Damrosch, Sylvanus Reed, Francia
J. Danforth, Howland Davis, Hilborne L
Roosevelt, De Witt Clinton Falls, William
W. Shippen, George Jarvis Geer, Ran-
dolph I ary, He Warner Slocum, John
'T. Ijams, James R. Townsend, William
|H.+ Judson, Gustavus 1. Kirby, Allen
Tucker, Rudolph Kissel, J. Alden Weir,
|Henry Hutton Landen and Stanton

SUVLIET
BREITUNS

 
 

“En

There was a brilliant
Thursday nigh
repaid.

audience on
t and one that felt well ,

 

|
|

| _A concert will be given in the Carnegie |
| Chamber Musio Hall to-marrow afternoon
| under the auspices of the scholarahip
| committee of the Granberry Musio School.
This committee is composed of several
well known women, who are interested in
| the musical training of young girls who.
| are gifted and ambitious musical students
but who cannot afford to pay for tuition. |
Among the members are Mrs. John Henry
Hammond, Mrs. William Douglas Sloane,
Mrs. F. Norton Goddard, Mrs. D. Hunter

|McAlpin, Jr. and Mrs. George Washburn
Smith.

Rehearsals are being held frequently
for the two act operetta entitled “The
| Dancing Parson,” which will be given by
| the members of the Gramercy Guild on
{the evenings of April 10 and 11 at the
Carnegie Lyceum for the benefit of the
Society for the Prevention of Tuber-
| culosis Among Children’ The play, the!

a

 

Hopping and Norman F. Carroll, and the
lyrics by Norman F’. Carroll, Henry W.
Dauty, S. V. Brewster and Norton A, ! Jeannette McAlpin, who, however,
Wolten, has many attractive songs and! at the last performances.

dances. Among those who will be in|
the cast are the Misses Dorothy J. Taylor, |
Geomuen thcace Wan Filgore, Frances | M:
au n, Gladys Mace, Hazel Schwartz, |

Fila Danaher, Waiter W. Kennedy, Allen | With Pleasure her daughter, Mrs. Hay
1. Hopping, John G. Tracy, Howard W, | Ritchie, who always assista her mother
Hopping, %. Hamilton Campbell, John | &t the delightful Sunday receptions for
Welch, Frank P. Upperman and Harold {Which Mrs. Ronalds has become famous
F. Blandy. | since her residence in London, Mrs.
o—— | Ronalds and her daughter are now in
A charity ball for the benefit of ‘the | London, having been in the south of
free manual and domestic training classes | /™S!and for the winter.

of the People's. University Extension| Mrs, Theodore Hostetter and her daugh-
Society will be held in the ballroom of | ter, Miss Greta Hostetter, are ‘returning
the Hotel Majestio on the night of Monday,|s00n to New York after having been
April 8. Applications for tickets may be| abroad for nearly a year. The y were
made to Mrs. F. L. Patterson, 235 Weet eB Lopdes gr “ comin tion Feavl xittes,
ty-second street. Th or whic ta. Hostetter took a house,
— oes women and later went to the Durbar. Mrs. Hos-
who will serve as a committee arethe t
Misees Dorothy Masterson, Agnes Elkin, | @tter will give a dinner ence for her
porotay Fenereng pros Muller, Dorothy daughter at Sherry's on April 9,
iverett ucile Elkin, Ba rgan, anew
Marie Patterson, Mildred Dockstafer,| Col. and Mre. John Jacob Astor, who
Virginia Geddes, Adeline Carreau, Fayetta | sailed for Egypt late in January, will re-
Ridabook, Marjorie Swainson and Irene ‘turn here by the first trip of the new

 

 

| —

All who visit the charming house of
rs. Ronalds in London will remember

Gerken. | steamahi Titanic, due to arrive about
come the middle of April. They will go to their
A tea will be given at the City History| country place on the Hudson and late

Club, 21 West Forty-fourth street, fromito Newport, where they will spend the
4 until 6 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, | #ummer.

Those who will receive are . Frederiok \ :

T. Van Beuren, Mra. William Hill Taylor,;, Mrs. Jay Gould gave her first dinner in
Mrs. Frederick Trevor Hill, Mre, Alonzo! her new house, 1062 lifth avenue, last
Barton Hepburn and Mrs. Malcom Stuart, ! Tuesday night, afew extra quanta coming
They will be assisted by several young | in afterward for a dance.

women who are members of the juntor}J: Drexel, Jr., who'with her husband re-
committee. turned from England ten days ago, will

give on Wednesday a small dinner dance
Mr. and Mrs. Edward N. Breitung and '&t her home, 1015 Fifth avenue. She has
their daughter, Miss Julia Breitung, asked her guests to come in fancy dress.
who have been passing the winter at the
St. Regis, will go to Europe early in June,
Mr. Breitung has taken a villa in Ver- |
aailles for the summer, and on hia return
in September he will go to his place in
Marquette, Mich., with his family. Migs |
Breitung will not be introduced to society

 

Mrs. Frank L. Stratton, and Miss Diantha | (ave early next week for Miami,

A. Fitch were among the débutantes of |
the winter who distinguished themselves; Florida Keys.
in the production of “The Mikado” by
the pupils and alumnas of Miss Spence's
School last week. Miss Rich assumed
at short notice the role of Yum -Yum

at Sherry'’s on April & for her daughter,
owing to the temporary '

Mrs. David Oliphant Haynes will give

oe er

PHOTA.
Ganon

 

|
i

fra. Anthony |

 

1912.

 

 

  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
    
     
  

   
       
   
   
  
 
 
 
       
    
   
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

 

lie 4 call for a young man, Scotch or Irish
who understands horses. Porter wanted
for a café Italian; barber, German Ameri-

 

an advertiser who wants twenty-fivo
Italian men with boots and shovels.
Another want is for a seaman, Swede
eae another is for an indoor place,
| or a man who can speak and write English
and German well. A waiter wanted,
German; a tailor, Scandinavian preferred;
a bookkeeper, experienced double entry,
Italian, with selling ability preferred;
|a salesman, Italian speaking; a compositor,
English and German; kitchenman, German
preferred; and so on; and here is one ad-
vertiser calling for a salesman who must
| have “an elegant flow of language.”
| Occasionally one finds an advertisement
calling for a Protestant or for a Catholic;
tind it is common to specify whether the
| help desired must be white or colored; and
\there are calls for Japanese help; and
| peopte specify variously ak to their wants.
fere is a cal] for an advertising solicitor,
lexcellent chance for Harva College
man, no other need apply. And even
;machines may have nationalities; here
| is an advertisement for braiders experi-
enced on American and German machines.

AT ARKANSAS HOT SPRINGS.

; Outdoor Amusements a Feature of the
| Life of the Visitors.

ARKANSAS Hor Sprinas, March 23.--
| The features of the outdoor amusements
here for the past week have consisted of
| professional baseball games at the three
; baseball parks, two golf tournaments
jat the Country Club and aviation races
| at Oaklawn.
The St. Patriok’s ladies’ blind bogey
|tournament was won by Miss Elnita
| Straus of New York, who together with
her father, A. D. Straus, has been stop-
ping at the Arlington Hotel for the past
month. The drawn number was 67.
| Miss Straus turned in a card of 84 for the
nine holes. She was three strokes under

|the blind bogey, but finished closest to
| the mark and is the possessor of the silver
; cup emblematic of the championship.
| The Arlington Hotel's blind bogey
tournament for men was played on the
| same afternoon. The New Yorkers who
took part in it were ex-Justice EK. Hatoh
| of the Supreme Court, Samuel Hopkins,
J. KE. Ogden and H. P. MolIntosh. The
drawn number was 83. Judge Hatch
made a net score of 76, r, Ogden
turned in a card of 81, Mr. Hopkins one
| of 84 and Mr. McIntosh one of 85.

Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie and
Miss Carnegie motored out to the Coun-
| try Club the day of the two tournaments.
Miss Carnegie declined an invitation to
compete in the Jadies’ tournament, but
she went around the short course
|with her parents. Mr. Carnegie made
an address at the Auditorium before
the Business Men's League on Thurs-
day afternoon on banking and the bank-
ing laws.

"he aviation meet at Oaklawn last week
Was such a success that Ward and the
; other fliera were kept in the city this

 

 

 

| Were put on. Young War
| teresting series of flights.

|. Mr. and Mra, Norman E. Mack of Buf-
|falo, N. Y., reached the Arlington on
| Monday aid coniempiate making their
| usual three weeks Visit.

The Pittsburg and Philadelphia (Na-
tional League) clubs and the Boston
(American League) club are in trainin
in this city. Each club has a park o
its own and the daily practice games
are attended by crowds.

At the Arlington Hote] the New York

gave an in-

can; another barber, Italian; and here is |J

$$$ re

| rrived
week and three additignal performances | fuss r

  

Mose, ‘94, Captain of -the Twenty foursh
tea Infantry. The four officets
United States In “ iz; Conlotarl;

Brig.-Gen. ,
5°'M. K. Davis, Gen. Phipps and Col, J. W.

Pullman. ‘ ‘
Unusually high are the month's .
for bowling, the scores for the
being as follows: Ten pins, men, !}
Fdward FE. Farnsworth, scote: for;
games, 634; ten pins, women, seers ee
three games, 509; duck pina, men, three
gamee, 128, Capt. Jay Hopkins; duck pina
women, three games, 320, Miss Et
Ppiaen = oe three games,
ieut. Rodney Smith. :
Mrs. Pope Washington; wife of Lieuten-
ant-Commander Washington ¢ ie “ r-
ia haa come here to Dal
Recent arrivala at .the Chamberlin

708
jeut.

from Rew Fore “ » ve A, Barer oa
n re. W, D. Embree, RB. B. ’
il. J. Bickford, Mra, Giles- Whitin Mr.

and Mrs. Dwight S. Jones, Mrs. try
T. Frost, Alexander Campbell and daugh-
ter, Mr. and Mrs, Walter A. Price, W. F.
Wakeman, Dr. 0. K, Newell, C. H. Carring-
ton and Mr. and Mrs. @. B; Spencer.

MIAMI SEASON NEAR END.

Royal Paim Will Close to Touriste on
April 2. .

Mramt, Fla., March 23.—The season ia
fast drawing to a close here.. The Royal
Palm closes on April 2, officially ending the
tourist season, which has been a record
breaker

Mrs. William Yawkey of New York enter-
tained a party of efx Wisconsin visitors
on an automobile trip to the Homestead on
‘Tuesday. They stopped at the Hybiecus tea
room for tea on their return. Mr. and Mrs.
F. J. Nolan of Albany spent Wednesday
on the bay fishing and returned with 150
sand perch.

Mr. and Mes. A. J. Levy of New York
have chartered the yacht Buffalo and gone
with their eon, Adolph Junius, and his maid
for a cruise to Key West. They will go by
the inside route and fish. After returning
to Miami, the yacht will be stocked for the
long journey to New York. Stops will
be made at various points.

Mr. and Mrs, James A. Moffett of New
York and their daughter, Helen, have
started for home after a yisit here of several
weeks. Miss went was a popular member
“ir. ind Mrs. Joho A. Rutherford of New
Trt fo winr: Whois yeast, che pia Tt
te ‘Commission at Vassau and is en
toute North

sht has, gone on a cruise
ine Tpans Peanege i “president of the

 

aid RR

 

with

an Leather Company; T ore R.
feet of New York and J. urd: Hutchins
of Boston on board. jey will away a
month after tarpan. M. B. Rommorer of
New York {is back from Keer rare

in the Keys, where he had s
, catching among other fish a sixty-
Re sued ‘tarpon that put up a good

fight. a
’, H, Cheaebrough of New York and h
wt Mre. G. i. Bayi of iilTbreok,
. Y,, stopped at the Roya Tel on Thure-
ay en route to Nassau to join Mr. and Mre.
Frederick W. Chesebrough, who are there
aboard their yacht the Huntress.
Mr. and Misvons of Lake Placide N.Y.
. AL H. Stevens o N.Y,
con “trom Palm ch are
users a8 PT the, Halcyon,
eto
Placid. Mr gad ate
bureday at the Tran fiatcyon to spend
two weaka. Y ' ;

EXODUS FROM, JEKYL ISLAND.

Many Cettagers Réturn to Their Homes
in:New Yerk. ,

Baunewice, Ga. March 23.—Mrs. J.
Pierpont* Morgen and her daughter, who

 

 

v

@
on AggvEa.

 

sang |a@ reception on April 8, for Mr. and Mra.

H. Hasbroock Haynes of Detroit.

Miss Ada Bryce Gray, daughter of Mrs.
Henry Belt of 567 Park avenue, will return
to-morrow from Washington, where she
has been visiting Mrs. Archibald Gracie.

COSMOPOLITAN NEW YORK.

Varied Character of Its Population as
Revealed by Want Advertisements.

One way to get a vivid notion of the
varied character of New York's popula-
tion is by reading the want advertise-
ments in the newspapers. ‘l'rue, this has
always been a cosmopolitan ‘city, but
within recent years the number of its tn-
habitants from foreign countries hae in-
creased enormonsly, with a corresponding
increase in the number of calls in the want
column advertisements for workers of

many nationalities equipped by tongue|Gayety Marks the Arrival of the Pleet Week on

conveniently to deal with all these new-
comers from old lands.

Here is one advertisement calling for

salesclerks who can speak Hungarian,
Portuguese, Ruasian. Rumanian
Polish. Doubtless in this establishment
there are spoken also Italian, French and

Spanish and perhaps other tongues, as|

well as the provailing English; probably
customers speaking in a dozen or more
different languages could here be waited
on by clerks speaking to them in their
own tongue.

Here isa call for a boy, Italian and Eng-

Wiillam Sklomon, aha gave a dinner | !ish speaking, for a drug store; one for a
for Lord and Lady Selby last Wednesday , German as a janitor; a butcher wanted
at his house, 1090 Fifth avenue, will aail| Who must be Polish, Boheniian or Hun-
| for England.on April 24. He will join Mra ; garian; a call for an interpreter who
Salomon, in Paris, where sho went after. | speaks and writes Mnglish, Italian andi
her illness that kept her in London for the | Greek fluently; a German fireman wanted; |at tho

la.,| tising office, one spsaking French and
where they will join Col. and Mra, Robert! Ltalian preferred, and enother physician
M. Thompson for a cruise through the | wanted, knowledge of foreign languages |

necessary, And here isa call fora drug-

ist, a German American, and another

Mre. William R, Hees will give a dance cea wanted speaking Italian |
An advertiser calls for a salesman who | 30, ‘This ia the first time a reunion haa |

must speak the Polish language; a janitor
ia wanted, German or Swede; and heze

   

CAWSESANFORO Co

‘
MAS CHARLES } DITSN.

and |

   
     
 
 
 

o

s

STUOIOS

MAS
AAAS PR°ETCHIE.

| sedis for the week included Herbert

| Noble, E. F. Spelger, E. R. Alger, Mrs.
C. H, Stanton, John T. McCall, George
P. Davis, Leo G.. Weil, Mrs. Charles
Rogers and ‘I’, J. 'Tindole.
The week's New York arrivals at the
| Eastman Hotel were Mr. and Mrs. A. D.
| Domenicis, Miss Mabel Hite, Mrs. V. C.
Martin, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Bryant, B. H.
|Metcalf, H. E, Reeves, J. A. Burnett,
|S, W. Hess, H. E. Mehrei, Marion Walker,
|H. Brisson, KE. W. Weber, C. B. Adams,
| A. J. Coleman, N, D, Hillis, H. C. Hardin,
| Ek. R, Bennett and 8, R, Stein,

INAVAL GUESTS. AT OLD POINT.

 

 

in Hampton’ Roads.

Oup Point Comrort, Va., March 23,-—
|The first important event of the week
| here was the arrival of the North Carolina
with the bodies recovered from the wreck
}of the Maine in Havena harbor, That
| nas been followed by the arrival of the
feet in Hampton Roads, As a result of
| the presence of the warships hundreds
|of navy women are here to welcome their
|relatives on board the vessels,
Rex Beach, the author, who with his
! wife is spending a month at the Chamber-
{lin, ia having good sport at shooting
wild ducks, Last Tuesday when he went
unning he was accompanied hy William
4, Knickerbocker of New York, who is
jalso enthusiastic over this sport,
A‘ special midweek dance wan given
Chamberlin on Wednerday night

greater part of the winter. a boy in a painter's supply store, Ger-|in honor of the visiting navy’ officere |
before another year, -- man preferred; a shoemaker, Swedish or and their wives who are sojourning here,
Miss Helen Blagden Rich, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen P. H. Pell expect | German; a physician in medical adver-!and the ballroom presented a gay scene

jwith the full dress uniforms and the
beautifully gowned woren,

Four officers stopping here who nearly
half a century ago were cadets at West
| Point expect to attend the reunion to
| be held at the New Willard Hotol on March

heen held in Washington and the

arrange:
niente are in charge of Capt, ay §

James A,

*

  

  

 

| He would say; :

  
    
   
   

 

 

have been spending ‘some time on Jekyl
Island, have left for New York.

| Miss Bessie Clafiln of New York, who
jhas been the guest of friends on the
| Island for a few days, has returned to
‘her home. Mrs. Dr.-Thacher and her
|daughter, who have ‘been on the island
for the winter, have returned to their
| home tn New York.

| M. 8. Jaffray, who has-been the guest
of the family of Edwin Gould, has re-

turned to his home in New York. Henry:8. |

| Vail has returned to his home in. New
York after a short visit,

| Henry K. Porter and family of Pitts-

| burg have left after spending sevéral

the island, Robert Walton

;Goelet has gone to New York after'a

| brief visit,

Others’ who have returned to New York

feces are Mrs. J. 8.’ Kennedy and B. B, |

Sloan and family.

The family of Edwin Gould, who have
j been occupying - their. pretty cottage: al)
; Winter, will leave soon, ,

| unm

|
|

 

Hie “Great Speech."

Irom the Green Bag

; .An Indiana lawyer whose eloquence was
of the “spread eagle” sort. was' addressing
a jury at great length when his legal op-
ponent, growing weary, went outside to

 

“Old Tronsides’ is making a great speech,”
said some one to the bored attorney, ,

“Old Tronsides’ always makes a great
speech,” said the other. “If you or I had
occasion to announce that two and two
make four we'd be just fools enough. to
blurt it riwht out, Not so ‘Old Ironsides,*

 

“If by Ces pertioular arithmetical rule
known as addition we desired

tne vp as 9 Ho tncagern ired to arrive at
| (egera we shou nd- and |} assert +

i holale, sir; and without fear of syoreental
| contradict(on we, T-repeat, siiould find by
ithe particuiar ariunme foal tormula before
| mentioned -and, air, | hold myself berfecuy
responsible for the assertion th T°am
about to make--that ‘the sum of the two

Wen integers
niegers would be topr.'"°, vee jae other

é y
“a ¥
we

a

‘2

 

  

added to two in- |

{

 

   
 

EVENTS AT LAKEWOOD.

Musical Entertainments, Golf and Ser.
ing Classes for Visitors.
Lakewoop, March 23.—Social eran::
among the cottagers during the week
itiohided ‘eé¥eral. informal teas, car!
‘parties, and musical evenings. The vq-;
ous sewing classes are in full awin;

  

 

hel | and charity will latgely benefit by the a

siduity. and zeal of the workers. It js
intended to hold a bazaar on March 28 an:/
20 for the benefit of the local Young Men's
Christian - Association.

Visitors are taking a great interest jn
the - school : gardens: and playgrounds
and in teaching the children how to grow
flowers and plants. Prizes are offere
for the best kept plots. The committes
that has this matter in’ hand consists of
Mrs. T. G. Bergen, Miss M. Glover, Mrs
8. K. de Forest, Miss Ferris, Mrs. A)>F.
Whitneyand Mrs. C. L. Pack.

Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Willook gavé a
musioale and dance on Saturday evening.
which was attended by about thirty mm.
bers of the cottage colony. A programme
was rendered by the Neapolitan Quarte:
of New York and music for the dane#'hy
Lucius Hosmer’s full orchestra from? tha
Laurel-in-the-Pines. hava

Golfers are beginning to get in tri’ for
the Country Club’s annual epring totitne-
ment. Among this week's players ti the
links were A. E. Whitney, J. R. Hay,“w
P. Hochester and J. R. Ross of New York.
J..F. Shanley, Jr., of Newark; F. B.' Mo.
Millan of Cleveland, Ohio, and A”F
Dunlap of Montreal. ‘

John D. Rockefeller is to be seen playing
golf on his private links every day. ‘His
pertner is Maurice L. de Wolfe of Chicago

A musical lecture on old French miisio
will be given this afternoon by the Miases
Swainson of England and Miss Constance
Purdy. Mre. A. E. Whitney ‘and Mrs
F, .W. Garvin are providing the entertain-
ment,

The members of the Alliance Frangains
will hold their next lecture on March 3)

y|at the home of Mrs. Schwartz. Th

lecturer will be M. L. Delamarre..

LITTLE TOURS IN NEW YORK.

Resource of a Homekeeper Whes the
Travelling Fit Seises Him.

“When the travelling fit selzes me,"
sald a mah whose work keeps him tied
at’ home, “I take a day off and explore
some new part of the town.

“Just for an agreeable little change |
don't have to. do even that. I am so
sensitive to imptessiong that I find
novelty simply in walking on the other
side of famillar.etreets. I am accur-
tomed, for instance, to walk up Broad-
way at the end,of the day .and always
on the same side of, the street, that
which.I come.to frat from my place of
business. -and this esideof Broadway
I, know thoroughly. ..1-‘know all the
stores and all'the doorways and all 'the
cellar openings with their basement
Hoists; -and I*knom ell the candy. men
‘along thie ‘side; with some of them |
am acquainted personally. But some
day’ when I want variety I simply cross
Broadway and walk up the other side.
And I find that sfde all néw to me, ail
the’ details thére have for me the
strangeness'and interest of novelty.
fig And At 1s precisely the same to me in
thé’ block in, which I live and tn the
streets of my home neighborhood. If
I cross over, as I do at times, end walk
on the other aide, on the side opposite
to that to which Iam accustomed, |
find it all new and’ interésting. The
things .over there. I_ have. seen,.to be
|aure, from my side of the way, but |!
{have seen them only dimly, vaguely;
| all the detafis there have a new interes:
| tor me when seen and realized close at
| hand.
| “But if I want a big, strong, vivid
change, why then, as I eaild, I take a
| day off and explore some new part of
‘the town that has now come to be s0
| big that one can’t know it and keep
| tymeck of it all as he once could. One
| can find strange things here now in a!-
most any direction, and all this at the
' gmail cost of trolley fares and his lunch-
| eon wherever he may find himself when
| luncheon time comes.

“So some day when I feel that I must
| go' somewhere I start out and maybe
| 60 down to Mulberry Bend Park, to find
| myself there suddenly transported, as
it. geems, from New York to Naples. And
from there I wander afoot east and
north and on.and on through streets
inhabited by peoples of many nations,
| rough ecenes as different from those
| in my own part of the town as Europe

 

 

, |{s'from America.

| When at night I come home to the
| Places that are familiar it Is these that
;@ppear strange, for it seems as if |
i had been away a long, long time.
| “The East Side trip I take occasion-
j ally, wandering first along ite great and
| busy thoroughfares and then atriking
| off. anywhere Into its narrow, crowded
streets.
“But it Is not alone to the parts !n-
habited by strange peoples that !
|travel; all parts of the town are in-
| teresting to me, and ft {fs a fact that |!
find pleasure In simply walking through
‘any strange street, whatever its charac-
| ter.may be, whether rich or poor; !ts
| personality, if one may so put it, has
an’ interest. for me. Whether it ‘is
bright or dingy, well kept or broken
‘down, it all has for me novelty and
variety, and without tntrusion T have
for it all a‘feeling of human sympathy
“Mike to travel by map, and in the
outlying section’ of the town a map !s
right useful. I like to spread out @
@ap the night before and look it over
and say to. myself,, ‘Now to-morrow
we'll go there.’ And then when the day
comes 'I take'a trolley to some point of
| départure, and ‘ther I atart off through
| mew scenes, fields’ and trees and gar-
dens; yes, farms almost, and that sort
of thing right Here in the city;'and °7ith
the sun shining over it‘all isn't that
| pleasant travel?
5 “There's no end of places that one
may go right here, places of strange
| Interest and endless variety, and that's
| what I'do when the wanderlust grips
me. When I feel that I must go some-
where I go travelling in the town.”
| : ;
| Literary Associations of a London Street.
| _ From the Weatmineter Gazette. °
Leadenhall street, which is to be widened,
| Was so called from the lead roofed mansion
of Sir Hiugh Nevill, which the city acquired
| for a court of justice. Few London atreets

| Possess more‘ interéeting literary and his-
| torical associations,

Herp Peter Motteux, the translator of
“Don Quixote,” kept “an Kast India shor.”
and Gibbon's great-grandfather “did not
| aspire above the: atation of @ linen draper

in. Leadenhall atreet.”. Fast India House,
| Where Charles Jamb and the two Mills

were clerks, stood on the south side of the
| Strees, and 156 and 157 occupy the site where
| the little midshipman in “Dombey & Son”
used to hang in ‘

\
af

v .
aie io > ‘ ‘a ‘2
° AB OBEY UN

 

-__

ie -_

a es
.

. e

  

—