9

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

But, Not All Animals Which Are Trained Are
: Intelligent, Says Director Hornaday of the

Do animals think? If you have any
.»doubt-about it a talk with William T.
Hornaday, director of the New York
sddological Park, wid. convert you to the
belief that animals can think and reason
+- aust as human beings, though not to the
. game degree. And the word of Mr. Horna-
iday ie worth something, for he is an au-

» ble

, On the whole Mr. Hornaday does not
describe the mental operations of animals
age thinking or reasoning. He calle it
a temperament.” But he says. that ani-
tyals reason, and by that he means they
«think, Asin human beings the range of
intelligence or reasoning power. varies,
-@ad he does. not contend that because
‘,>ou can train an animal that animal oan
aqthink. Not at all. An animal may be
fable to think, but it won't be trained.
ypbere are human beings you can't train,
@ithough they have intelligence. Just so

; with animals, Mr. Hornaday says.

“How far does the reasoning power of
jatpe animal go?” repeated Mr. dorentay
, an answer.to a question. “That is hard

ie say. It is a question of degree, not of

ind. I am convinced that animals
reason the same as men do; the same as
human beings. You know there are
human beings who do not think and there

 

 

Fee eae

tp PaO rh IS. wmawie ANey

   

 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   

CHIMPANZEE (OUSTE
WITH HER TOYS.
° SS

fanemernicis - ~

are lote who do. It is the same with ani-
mals.. Some think, others don't.

“If animals did not think a lot of them
that have not lost their pelts would have
lost them. long. ago. Take the fox, for
instance. They live and have their young
in so-called civilized communities in spite
of poison, dogs, traps and marksmen.
If the fox did not think how could it over-
come all these difficulties? Well, the wily
fox couldn't, that's all.

“Anybody who has made a study of the
subject knows that animals draw con-
elusions from given premises. If a wild
anima! finds himself in a tight hole, if
he is surrounded by human enemies, h
must reagon his way out or die. How
often does he get away? It is not always
because of the ignorance of his pur-
suer. He must reason his way out of
difficulties and he does. A beaver has
been known deliberately to cut off a leg
in order to free itself from a trap and
escape. There is no question about it,
foxes have done the same thing. Yet
there are folks who will say that animals
do not think.”

This brought Mr. Hornaday to the
point of deciding which animal had the
most intelligence. It didn't take him
long to make hia decision.

“To settle that,” he said, “you must
choose between the chimpanzee and the
orang-utan, and it is hard to say which,
but I believe the blue ribbon should go
to the chimpanzee. The chimpanzee has
the nervous temperament. Its mind acts
more quickly and it has a better mem-
ory. It has a greater range of ideas.
So it would seem to me that the chim-
panzee should come first, with the orang-
ulan next

“Naturally

the elephant has

intelligence and perhaps it should come |

third. The bear has remarkable intel-
ligence also, and this group is well up
in the mental scale by which animals
are measured,” ,

Mr. Hornaday's eyes twinkled as he
reminisced of animals he has known.
Visitors to the beautiful zoological gar-
dens in The Bronx have been entertained
by the antics of Baldy, the chimpanzee.
Baldy is one of the features of the park,

favorite with sightseers and attendants.
He has been dressed in all sorta of cos- |

  
   
   
   
   
  
  

great | be going.

and a diamond.

New York Zoological Gardens.

came in. He walked over to my desk
and shook hands with me., He looked
into my face in the most humanlike way

8

“Ais performance was remarkable,
! bewildering,” Mr. Hornaday said. “It |
| lasted over half an hour. For instance,
| he rode a bicycle through an arrangement |

of bottles, a trick which was considered |

difficult for men twenty years ago. Pete |
guided the bicycle. Now, you could!
train his mind to do certain things, but |
‘you couldn't train his muscles. That is |
out of the question. Tosteer that bicycle, |
to guide it, Peter had to think. That |
| was only one of his stunis. He did many

 

 

ject, much more interesting and absorb-
ing to me than their skeletons or viscera.”

“How about the intelligence ot dogs?”
was suggested to Mr. Hornaday.

“Dogs,” he said, “manifest all degrees
of intelligence and stupidity. It ranges
from the greatest stupidity to the highest
degree of intelligence. I[ believe this is
more true in dogs than in any other spe-
cies. I have known dogs with as much
intelligence as some people, and dogs that
did not know enough to go in out of the

ind I motioned to a chair for him to sit, in the course of his performance without | rain.

down. He did. I spoke to him and he
seemed to understand me.
“When he was tired sitting he got up

 

 

Pword
aeY Fiws,
SANBORM.

PLEA
ing the pictures and looking curiously
at the bookcases and the books in them.
Having made a survey of the room he
came back to my desk. It was evident
from his manner that he thought he would
I shook hands with him and he
went out in the most solemn manner.

“Now, when you take his clothes off
and turn him loose in his cage he is a
clown, a simian volcano.”

“Do you consider Baldy the most in-,

telligent anima! in the park's collection?”
Mr. Hornaday was asked.

“No, I shoulda't say that,” he answered,
“There is Susie, a wonderfully intelligent
chimpanzee. She has been trained to
distinguish between a square, a circle
That is, she can dis-
tinguish shapes; knows the difference.

tumes for the edification and amusement | If you name the shape you want her to

of beholders and for his own’ joy and
wlory. Baldy likes clothes.

“Baldy,” said Director Hornaday, “is
a different ape when he is not dressed
compared with when he wears elothes.
ut clothes on him and it changes his
(emeanor entirely.’ If he is not dressed
he ia a wild harum soarum animal, up to
every kind of a trick. He is a clown.
Nothing pleases him more than to make
visitors laugh. And he seldom fails if
he is in the humor, which usually is the
Cane,

“But dress him up and see what hap-,
pens. He becomes sedate, docile and
obedient. He will do almost anything
you wish. You can take him by the hand

pick out she can do it for you,
words she recognizes shapes.
course, requires intelligence.

In othe
That, oF

“Also she can count up to four, but she |

can't. go beyond that. She will pick up
metal jacks such as children play with
if you name the number and do not go
above four.

“She can distinguish colors, bu’ there
ie nothing extraordinary in that. It is
conceded now that animals can tell the
difference in colors. Put a color board
before Susie and she will pick out red or
any other color if you ask her, Usually
there is a peanut or something else that
tickles her fancy under the color block.
But she rarely makes a mistake in the

and he will walk around the park with} color.”

you. Oh, yes, he has done it often.

Mr. Hornaday does not believe that all

 

a slipup, demonstrating that he had a
| remarkable memory.”
Taking up the question of the intelli-

 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
      
    
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  

      
   

to train him, Mr. Hornaday tells you.
course this isn't always true, but it is gen- | any animal that can get more angry and
| erally the case.

“Is it éasy to train dogs? Yes and no.
Some dogs can't be trained at all. They
haven't got the mental capacity. I know

ind wandered around the room, inspect-| gence of horses, Director Hornaday said |a dog that resents training. He doesn't
thority on animals, their ways and their | _ |

 

PERE

 

want it. He is intelligent too. He'll | wooden floor. After that he was all right,
feach himself little tricks, but he won't let | but it just shows one of his peculiarities.
| others do it.

I guess that dog thinks.”

\I/D)S9

'

eee

ORANG — UIANGS DININGEZ

 

that the things they did of their own vo- |
lition were more remarkable than any- |
thing they had been trained or instructed |
to do. |
“The homing instinct in horses is won- |
derful,” he said. “They have a mar-
vellous sense of location. A rider on the
plains may lose his way, but if he leta the
reins hang free the horse seven times out
of ten, if it is a mature animal, will take |
him home safely. |
“In the Rocky Mountains there are |
what are known as ‘return horses.’ They |
are sent out with miners to take the trail.
| When the miner gets to his prospecting |
ground ‘he sends the horseback alone A
stranger cannot come along and get a
free ride. The horse will avoid him, turn
| out for him. It requires intelligence to
{do that, not teaching or training. And
the horse will get back in reasonable time,
not stopping even to visit too long with
other horses on the trail.” |
The attention of Mr. Hornaday was}
| directed to a report that two Arabian
| horses could add, subtract, divide and
| multiply with speed and accuracy and!
| get the square root of a four figure num,
ber. Mr. Hornaday recalled that a horse |
| known us Clever Hans had fooled experts
jin Berltn for five years. But Hans did

| not have intelligence, Mr. Hornaday ex-

plained.
| were eventually exploded, Hans perform-
| ing at signals from his owner, Herr Von
' Osten. Now Hans does not show any

‘The feats performed by Hans

| intelligence, except a natural one for oats

*Not long ago they dressed him in|animals that have been trained to do! said Director Hornaday, “there are vari-

the park uniform, the uniform worn by

performing stunts are intelligent,

ous grades, exactly as in hurman beings,

sUtendanta—gray cloth with blue facings; | considers it a matter of mechanical train- } Some are stupid and some learn quickly
gvld lace cap and shoes. They walked|ing. But there are many actor animals

Lim to my office from the monkey house.

that think. .Mr. Hornaday referred to

|
'
} and hay.
| “As for the intelligence of animals,”

| I call it temperament, and it ranges fronb

lymphatic to the hysterical, The intelli-

There wes a rep oa my door and Baldy’ Peter, the performing chimpenzes. _ - gence of animals is « most interesting sub-

| ra

‘
!

A
|

S

 
  

  

CWLAPANZEE BA
LNIUNDBRES TS,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 24, 1912.

animals that can be taught to do tricks. stunta with'a bear dame here and said nie ;

This is not true of the elephant, however
In India the natives would rather capture
elephants wild than breed them. It saves
time and expense.

“J once knew an unusually good tempered
bear that was trained after it was full
grown. Up in Skagway before the bear
came to us an Indian who saw him and
noticed his manners and good nature
named him Christian. So it was under the
name of Christian that this bear, a *inna-
mon, came to us.

“We soon discovered that Christian could
not live on a concrete floor. It made his
feet sore, and we took him from the main

| cage and put him in a smaller one with a

 

 

PAOre GY
fiwin @
SANBORN:

AND CHIMPANZEES
LT AFTERNOON
TEA.”

 

 

Even while his feet were sore and he wasn’t
You've got to catch the animal young | pleased with his surroundings he contin-

Of | ued to be good tempered.

I don't know

stay angry longer than a full grown bear;
“There are mighty few bears taken full] yes, perhaps a lion or tiger can, so that's

| grown that can be trained,” Mr. Horna- |} one reason for speaking of Christian,
day said. “There are very few full grown |

“One day a performer who did wrestling

 

5 ‘
ee

|

|

euwor
PNOTYS
BY ELWIN

SANBORN

zor"

   

; man trained that monkey after he nearly

 

CHIN EA

 

ae eepeenneen asin ne

/ ANIMALS WHO THINK AND REASON FOR THEMSELVES | {

wrestling bear ‘Had diéd’ and he wanted!
another, I told him of Chriatian, who was
five years old.”‘ He wouldn't have it. It
would be impossible'to train a full grown,
bear, he said, even’ an’ atiimal with the
loveliest temper.

“Finally [ persuaded him and he took
Christian. In tttree weeks he had trained
Christian perfectly. In thrée years Chris-
tian died. The performer‘came and told
me of Christian's’ death.

“‘Christian, was a. wonder,’ he said sor-
‘That bear knew as much about |

rowfully.
wrestling as Ldid. He knew all the tricks
and unders' them. One day he was

wrestling with.a Japanese and the Jap
was about to throw him. Ididn’t want to
see Christian thrown, so I yélled, “Give.
him the Ralf, ndison!” Christian did and
he threw his man. - I was tickled, becayse
Christian knew, everything you said to
him. He was human.’” : "

“But,” the interviewer said to Mr. Horn-
aday, “doesn't the fact that itis difficult
to train full’ grown animals indicate that |
animals have no intelligence, no reason-
ing power?” °

“Notat all;"he replied. “It is simply a
matter of obstinacy of disposition and
temperament and the fact that they are
in captivity.” * .

Mr. Hornaday smiled as he paused to
look over some trophies in his room.

“I could tell you many stories of ani- |
mals,” he said. “I recglt now that we once
had here a red faced Japanese monkey
with a temper as hotas tabasco sauce and
teeth as sharp as @ five-year-old bear's.
But the wasa fineanimal, with no tail to
speak of, and the meanest monkey in the
world, n

“A circus man wanted a performing
monkey and he was very keen for this fel-
low. My conscience wouldn't let me con-
sent to the man taking such a chance, as I
was convinced that nothing could be done
with this red faced monkey.

“The circus man wanted him so badly,
however, that I let the monkey go, first
warhing his new owner that he would
probably lose his hand or head. Well, that

lost his hand in muzzling him. The mon-
key became a great performer, as he did
somersaults and he had no tail to inter- |
fere with his work. Perhaps the man was |
a great trainer, but it showed one thing:
that man's staying powers are greater
than those of the monkey, who finally
had to give in.”

FOREST WASTE IN CHINA.

One of the Causes of Famine—Lack of
Transportation Facilities.

From the Chicago Tribune.

“China's. life sapping famine, in which
millions are suffering, is largely traceable to
the wasting of the forests. One of the most
horrible tragedies of the world might have
been prevented by the careful use of these
resources.” said President John T. Proctor
of the Baptist College at Shanghai in ex-
plaining the causes for the great famine
in China.

“China's hills and mountains are de-
forested. This is particularly true in the
hilly country drained by the Yangste
River, whose valley comprises the stricken
district. The river brings the soll down
with it. That is the reason why -we have
the Yellow Sea. For 800 miles out from
land: the ocean is discolored by the silt
brought down by the Yangste. The hflls are
washed bare of sail. There is some hunting
in these hills, but the animals live among the
brush. For want of better fuel the natives
burn this brush,

“Last August the Yangste overflowed and
flooded about 40,000 acres of densely popu-
lated territory. This flood placed a popu-
lation of 3,000,000 in want. In fifty years
there has not been such another flood. Some
of the victims have been drowned out for
two consecutive years, ‘some three years,
some four years. They not only have lost
food, they have lost hope.

“Much of the land that was inundated is
at sea level. It is drained by the most in-
tricate system of canals in the world. I
know of one city of 307 which is sur-
rounded by canals. There are no roads to
it, because a road could not go half a mile
without touching a canal. ‘There are not
even footpaths. The people make their
way to and from the city in boats. This is
their only means of communication,

“Lack of trangportation facilities is
another cause of the famine. It cobts too
much to carry food on men’s shgpulders. I
know a province where rice
much in the west of it as in But

j the cost of transport iasion between the two
e

points made up the difference.

eno food to the famine dis-
trict quicker and cheaper than the f can
be tra beported from western China. Chicago
is actually nearer the district than a great

many places in the empire.”

can sti

 

 

 
    
      

NZEE "BALDY" IN
UNIFORALS .

-

  

Bea ™

Wise Woman

    

 

' This would rank as a
splendid figure-reducin
corset, even it it didn't
drive away the fat perma-
nently—which it DOES.
An instant success!

bee $9.50.
No. 354
medium *
OTHER NEMOS
A Fit for Every Figure:
$3, 3.50, $4 and $65.

DEAR MADAM:
Did you ever stop to
that oe oes x
‘wear much longer i
FIT you accurately? Say-
ing nothing about comfort?
v It is especially necessary
that you shall be properly
fitted when you buy a
Nemo Corset. As we have
already told you, Nemos.
are very positive corsets,
made to do things; and
that’s the very reason why
they are so far superior to
the ordinary, go-as-you-
please corsets which are so
much alike that it doesn’t
matter which kind you buy.
We Strongly advise you.

to take time to be corr
fitted in a Nemo—the right
model in the right size. If
you do this, no other corset
on earth will give you so
_ canplort and such
ect Style. ’
Speaking of corset flexi-
bility and elastics—always
remember that Lastikops
Webbing, a Nemo inven-
tion, used only in Nemo
Corsets, is the only elaftic
fabricin existence that never
loses its elasticity. All
others are nothing but the
same old unreliable elastics,
which may wear a month

or two—and may nof.

In Good Stores Everywhere.

 

 

Fire Department's Needs.

When one considers the size and scope
of the New York Fire Department it is
very apparent how many supplies are
needed and the great diversity of those
needs, There are horses to be fed and
their harnesses to be looked after, They
must also be shod. Itt is a curious sight
for those who remember the village black -
amith and his forge seen through the open
door of his wooden shack to observe tha
city blacksmith going about with hig port-
able apparatus, taking his tools and the
articles of his trade with him.

The Fire Department automobiles need
all those accessories which are so neces-
wary for the machines’ upkeep and there
muat be consiant repairs, for fire machines
do not go through the city a) the leisurely
specd of a private conves ance ‘New hose
must be kept constantly on hand, and ealy
the best is used, forthe d-parcnient makes

@ | severe tests before a single length is pure

chased, ‘10 have a hose buss ata fire may
entaii porta consequences and is a thing
av r ee