‘

4

a

 

eg 0 ee

ARTISTIC. DRAPING

 

 

 

 

lovely without being sensational.
‘It is among the evening. frocks and the

é | dressy afternoon frocks that one finds the
Ss {most daring experimenting with new !
ee f Sa! :

with new ideas that were old many
years ago; for the designers have gone
(for their inspiration to the courts of Louis
;XV. and Louis XVI. and to the Colonial
jand Victorian, days.
It is among frocks of this type too that
‘one finds the most wonderful of the new
materials, materials so exquisite in many

FEATURES OF NEW MODES | instances that it seems hopeless to at-

‘ ideas
‘|

 

Dress Models From Paris Charm
by Their Lines and
Materials.

 

 

a aaa | tempt description of them. The handling French designers have done with draperies , in a point in the back, practically covers she has the it to be well med —that
i jof skirt drapery is the feature of these, and there are plenty of simpler skirt ing the entire back of the bodice, the : wi . 1 : groo d a
é Daring Experiments With Revived Ideas) models that. makes the first and strongest arrangements easily reproduced. point falling below the very slightly is. neatly, becoming: y dressed — an bove
i, —Panniers Back impression upon any understanding per-| All the skirts have added fulness, but | raised waist line and held by a narrow l é ° Ff fi re
L Ay in | gon who studies them the feature in. there are varying grados in this fulness; patent leather belt. a 9 rim oO gu °
' oo which theidressmakers who flocked to the | and fulness does not by any means neces-; The other little frock was built up of
Qrrerge ‘ | openings were most interested. sarily imply drapery. ‘soft satin crépe in a tone between sand |
t The openings at which the wholesale} Many of the'‘dressmikers frankly Tailored skirta are with very few ex- and pain brulé, and trimmed with heavy |
importers show to their pa rons among | groaned over the revelations und ad- ceptions almost as straight of line as they | lace exactly matching it in tone. A wide|
tie dresaniakers their new models, im- | mitted that such handlitg of textures was | were last season, though they are not so | band of the lace trimmed the softly al .
/ .
e
emphasize a anne good form and create
e
| attractive curves where ,
e
| perb is within ev woman’s
su
3 if she will but the “ BON TON.”
| power ir she ut wear tn le 4
: Scores of the most exquisite
e 4
| : able new designs now on display at all the
better stores. Consult your corsetiere
today.
{
5
i

i

3 THE

 

-

,of others proclaimed not only apprecia-
tion but self-confidence. Doubtless the |
self-confidence was often without justifi- |
cation, but as a matter of fact, while
there are few really original and inspired
designers in this country there is a host
of extraordinarily skilful workfolk who, |
given a model, can copy it admirably ,
even though it be a difficult task,

It is to be hoped that only these gifted
souls will attempt to wrestle with the more
intricate of the draped skirts. It would
be a shame to travesty the things that the

 

SUN, S

round the bottom by little flat bouillonnes
put on in two intersecting lines.

NDAY, MARCH 24,
makers are exceedingly wearable—frocks | beyond their skill, but the gleaming eyes| left front and in the back and was trimmed

The

bodice had a collar of white chiffon with
dull blue hem and a narrower collar of

the blue chiffon turning over this first
one,

A little flat bow made from a narrow
band of corded puffing such as trimmed
the skirt held this collar in front and a
similar bow held the slight drapery of

the quaint flaring sleeve whose frills | light tan one, for example, would be ai
matched the collar. This collar, by the | 800d model for cotton erépe or voile and

way, passing over the shoulders descended

 

 

1912. |

and forming the upper part of the sleeve | 4
whose lower three-quarters was a slightly

flaring plain cuff of the satin with little

satin buttong up the outside.

The girdle

was of the satin and the only striking

color note was in a turndown collar of
purple silk under which was knotted an
odd little cravat of purple and cerise.
Both of these models were excellent
in a simple way and either might readily
| be copied in less costly materials. The

heavy lace and the taffeta one would

BLUE SERGE.

be delectable in any of the quaint Jouy
silks or even in plain taffeta

Overskirts, polonaiseg, panniers, all are
here, and where they are successfully
manipulated they are undeniably charm-
ing. Some of the extreme models have
overskirta frankly draped up all around
over @ full but straight limp ekiri. Often
the effect is that of a very long skirt
caught up so that the upper part falls in
a déep soft puff over the lower part—a
puff which, if the material, as ie often
the case, happens to be taffeta, billows
out a little, givihg a new line to the
silhouette, though the skirt bottom does
not flare.

More often, however, the front of the

 

 

 

perfection.

The Figure Superb!

HE BON TON is the “corset de luxe”

of the world for the well groomed
woman—the recognized standard of corset

The prettiest woman lacks charm unless

ere none existed.

All Leading Dealers, $3 to $25

ROYAL WORCESTER CORSET CO., WORCESTER, MASS.
Our Beastiful New Catalogue Free to Any Address

 

 

    
     
         
     
     
     
         
     
       
      

  

|

A

and fashion-

 

turned under and tucked up so that there
is the effect of a full puff, from beneath
which the train falls straight and full.

Paquin has sent over some of the most
interesting of the coquettish skirt draper-
ies, and she too has launched a number of
accordion plaited skirts in very soft silks,
falling perfectly straight and limp so that
the outline is as narrow as that of a plain
skirt, yet perfect freedom of movement
is made possible. One of her tailored
models has appealed to almost all of the
importers and is tremendously clever in
ite adaptation of drapery on the pannier
order, to a material as heavy as serge and
to tailored finish.

A very chio little cutaway coat whose
tail is slightly draped belongs with the
skirt, and though few women could
wear the model well, it bespeaks clever-
ness. One importer shows this model in
a black eatin frock and red cloth coat,
and though one cannot imagine a fastidi-
ous woman wearing it, it is exceedingly
Piquant.

Red is, by te way,a very important
item among relieving colors and in bright
shades such as geranium and cardinal
flashes in discreet touches upon even the
most conservative of frocks. With white
and with white and black combinations
it is particularly pleasing; amd some
admirable results are obtained by using
sheer white lingerie material such as
cotton marquisette or voile or batiste,
embroidered in red and black in combina-
tion with solid black.

For example, a good looking costume
of black chiffon taffeta has its bodice and
the top of skirt down over the hips of white
marquisette embroidered lightly in broken
vertical lines with bright red and black.

———

|

a

 

|

The rest of the skirt is black taffeta and |

The t aocompanying the frock is |
entirely of the black taffeta self-trimmed
and falls low enough to cover entirely |
the white part of the frock.
Acombination recalling this one occurs
in an especially successful three piece |
model whose skirt and short arawey |
coat are of fine dark blue serge very
plainly tailored but excellent in line. and |
detail. With these is a peplum bodice |
which has a short jaunty little bolero over |
a@ blouse of very fine white linen em-
broidered in light cross stitch design with
red and green and dark blue. The short
peplum is of the blue taffeta. Views of
this model with and without the coats}
are shown among the sketches to-day. «+
Poiret still insista upon the very short |
waist line and scant straight skirt. His |
models show his usual taste fdr daring
and brilliant color schemes, but his models
this season as shown in the New York
openings so far are not as admirable of |
their kind as were his models last year
and, seen side by side with the graceful |
flowing draperies and beautiful colorings |

|

of the models turned out this spring from |

Yar,
5 AED some of the other Paris houses, his frocks |

there are touches of the silk on the bodice. | "°%*

| instantly

5 pestle ego ‘ if

Bed: LL vetnigat coh ng ERA AE

 

 

 

 

  

 

TARTAN SILK,

seem more freakish and bizarre than they
did against the fashion background
of yesteryear. In certain little Jouy
models, he does, however, achievea de-

ate : licious quaintness,and some of his bonnets
. cs . skirt is plainly clinging or scantly flounces,
sty - 4 gk ; Yimt ct bapa 2 ates, oc itis | 02)! a AS ; ‘ 3 . = and the drapery takes the form of soft
ate AN EVENING GOWN OF SWVETARFET A AND LACE AND ONE OF BROCADED PINK SATIN AND LACE, panniers drawn back into a straight

 

ported and domestio, and, their new ma-

terials’ are ‘past and some of the shops| -

have had their‘ openings for the benefit’
of thé géneral public. *. 4

Having gone the rounds.one is in « posi-|
tion’ to spaak ‘authoritatively of the sea-'|
son's’ mottés. as American women will’
conatrue them.

thes trade by.:the famous ‘Paris houses.
Later éhé will ‘demand Parisian’, modes
and “get them
wears may not have muchincommon with

the éarly modéls bought fdr the Ameri- |’

can market; yet after all the difference is
not 60 great us some writers on the sub~
ject would have people believe. The well
dressed Parisian would not dream of
ordering a frock copied from a model
sold here, there and everywhere and
copied innumerable times, There she
shews her good judgment.

Moreover many spectaoular {deas.em-
bodied in the models for general sale
would never appeal to the Parisian
mondaine, though some American women
accept them because they have the Pari- |
sian hallmark, but from the more oén-
servative and artistically beautiful of the

 

models shown here the intelligent student - -
of the modes can make a yery fair guess |
as to what the: Parisian avill wear, or at) -

 

 

least as to the general character which
that capricious
costumes are likely to assume.

Everything promises @ season of charm: |’

ing toilets. The modes show enough
of change’ to make them exceédingly in-
teresting, but these changes, save in ex-
ceptional instances, are not, revolutionary,
do not tun fo bizarre extremes. Bven!
the mort distinctive ‘innovations are more’
offen gracefully picturesque than freak-
fe), and a very decided majority of the
models from the most authoritative Paris |

 

 

 

  
   
 
  

:} outline, The skirt, if the material allows, |

|4

L The , Parisjan , will have |
nothing to.do with-the models’showm sta) -

What she ageepts gnd,|,

and exacting’ critic’s *

JOUY SILK.

 

| narrow, thanks to skilfully introduced | skirt and dragged it down tn straight

plaits and tunie arrangements.

A major- | lines and the lace was cleverly set into the

ity of the simpler, short one piece frocks | bodice sides, extending over the shoulder

|

Biso retain a straight and narrow skirt |

 

is fulled into the waistband but it is so |
weighted and drawn down that it hangs |
comparatively straight and even when it

is flounce trimmed does not have a bout- |
fant effect.

| ‘Two little models from authoritative |
designers are pictured among the small |
cuts and illustrate this point. Both are

exceedingly chic, strictly of the moment |
in materials and detail, yet neither shows a |
radical change from the lines to which |
| people have been accustomed.

One frock is in taffeta of the newest |
and most exclusive sort. The silk is of
the soft, lustrous quality for which dreas-
‘makers with clientéles justifying such
p Plunging were paying five and six dollars |
a yard at the wholesale importing houses. |
The ground was changeable in soft medium |
baaan brown and blue and bluish red, the |
| blue predominating, and over this surface
| were strewn at intervals big, prim, single |
| rose sprigs, blurred in outline and shim- |
mering through darker and lighter shades i
{of the chameleon colors shown in the

| foundation.

As has been said before, desoription is ,
a hopeless task when such materials are
in question, One must see the colorings
to appreciate them, and it must be ad- |
mitted more artistic sense than the
average critic possesses is needed for full |
appreciation of some of the wonderful
stuffs when seen. Many of the color
schemes into which (he manufacturera
have put their finest art feeling this year
will be caviar to the multitude,

But to return to the flowered taffeta |
frock, Its skirt, fulled at the waist, had |

Ja full length group of fat plaite at the|

 

 

 

 

FLOWERED TAFFETA,

full back or a back cleverly draped over
a square or pointed train.

One of the loveliest evening frock
models shown at any of: the openings
was that of whose back a sketch is given
here. ‘The backs of the new frocks are

front was comparatively simple,
petticoat and bodice drapery of
frothy lace

‘The material was an exquisite satin in
alternate three inch stripes of rose petal
pink and white, but so delicate was the
pink and so high the lustre of the silk
that only in certain lights could one see
the stripe design plainly. A wide white
satin girdle finished with a full width
flat, pump bow on the left side was an
original note, but the novelty of the
model centred in the back drapery of
the skirt, which was very full and flaringly
though softly bouffant at half length,
falling more clingingly below,

Interesting but less of a departure in
outline was the other frock of the central
group on this page. Here the material
was one of the changeable taffetas in ex-
quisite quality, a mingling of light toned
greens and blues with a mere dash of
yellow gleaming through it. This silk
formed a sort of coat or bolero and skirt
drapery, the drapery sloping away in
long flat pannier lines from a skirt of
tulle flounced in fine lace and knotting
low upon the train. A shoulder and
sleeve drapery was of the laceand through
it showed little bows of black velvet set
upon the short sleeve of net.

In the same collection with this was
another picturesque frock whose skirt
was of clinging lace, while over this in
the back fell a train of flowered taffeta
ket into the waistband very full beneath
a very deep girdie of the taffeta, falling
\m full folds about to knee depth and there

fine

so fascinating that only by pictures of |
both front and back can one convey any |
idea of the model; but in this case the‘
with |

|

 

TUSSOR AND LACB,

Keep in

VOGUE

METHOT’S METHOD
of RECONSTRUCTION

To create the LATEST FASH-
IONABLE FEATHER NOVEL-

TIES in strictly correct style from

our OLD, dilapidated Plumes and

roken Tee ue rare scientific
HO

skill. ME has this skill, and
it enables him to make transforma-
tions from your OLD feathers that
seem incfedible and .permits you
aiways to keep in vogue.

The creations EQUAL NEW
and cost LESS than HALF. The
smallest fragments can be utilized
and made fashionable agd pretty.

H. METHOT

FRENCH FEATHER DYER & DRESSER
29 West 34th St.. New York
Second Floor. Take Elevator.

 

and hats covered in Jouy cottons or silks
have the same character.

Serges, Bedford cords, whipcards and
tweeds are the materials most frequently
repeated in the wool tailored models,
and the cutaway coat is first favorite,
though often the fronts slope away but
slightly. There are plenty of coats in
which they do not slope at all, a fortunate
thing for the woman who has failed to
suppress her hips to the proper unaseertive-

Belted effects in coats, as in frocks, are
extremely popular but the belt need not
go all the way around the waist and may
be loose or simply drawn, so it can be
adapted to widely different figures.

It is undoubtedly true that in a large
majority of the best new modela waist
lines are a trifle smaller as well as longer
and the curves of the figure are more
defined than they have been in the past
few seasons, but, as yet, the change is

slight. How far the movement will go
remains to be seen.

 

Secret of Unbreakable Glass.
From the London Chronicle.

Unbreakable glass, for which there might
be a demand just now, was invented near!)
2,000 years ago, according to Petronius ani
Dion Cassius, though Pliny casts adoubts 01:
the story, An artist appeared before
Tiberius with a cup of glass which he dashed
violently on the ground, lt was neither
broken nor cracked, but merely dented,
like a piece of metal. Then the man pro-
duced a mallet and hammered the eup back
into its proper shape,

Tiberius, however, asked whether any-
body else knew the secret and when the
artist proudly answered “No,” had him
beheaded. The Emperor feared
that such glass would terribly depreciate
the value of the precious metal.

 

A Hapsburg Author.
From the London Chronicle.

Next to Carmen Sylva the must volu-
minous of present day royal authors is the
Austrian heir presumptive, the Archduke
Vrangz Ferdinand, who made his debut in
literature twenty years ago with a volume
describing his trip around the world

lhe Archduke's next work was a mono-
Kraph on Radetzky, which has run into
several editions, and this was followed by
two other works on historicai subjects. He
has also published two volumes of verse,

and is credited with the autnorship of a

|

|
|

number of articles in technical publica
tions on engineering and kindred subjects,
in which he ts keenly interested,

[DANGERS OF FAT

HOW FAT AFFECTS THE BRAIN

 

   

 

 

=)

Just how fat affects
and finally destrovs
the brain, is not ex-
97 actly known; how-
\\ cver, degeneration
? and final collapse of
brain tissues, due to
this cause, is of fre-
quent = occurrence
Head pains, and
head heaviness, which are often experi-
enced by fat people, may indicate that
this degenerating process is imminent
The return of this fatty tissue to nor-
mal brain substance may and probably
will result if the overproduction of fat
is stopped in other parts of the body
lhousands of fat people have depended
entirely for reductions to normal
weight, upon Marmola Prescription
Vablets, which are made after the exact
formula of the famous liquid Marmola
Prescription, While taking these tab-
lets for the reduction of fat, no dieting

   

tion of 10 to 16 02, a day is accomplish-
ed by prevention as well as elimination
of fat. Marmola Prescription Tablets
are sold at all druggists or the Marmola
Co., 180 Farmer Bide. Detroit, Mich..
at the uniform price of 75¢ for a large
case. They remove the fat alread

formed, prevent its reforming, clear
the ,complexion and tone up the
entire system,

| nor exercise are necessary, as a |
‘