THE SUN, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1912.

       

 

full cape was rather attractive, though | route includes six amall towns and more| representing thirteen States; a cam-
the coloring was hard. |than five hundred regular customers.

‘COQUETTISH WRAPS:

MADE OF TAFFETR

; |
Paris is coquetting with black and red |

combinations this spring, but Mephis- |
tophelan associations with this color |

Mrs. Carter personally supervises all the
details of the business, often milking the
cows and distributing the milk among
her customers,

pus of 100 acres,
and an endowment approximating $1,-
| 000,000. The trustees have announced
; that Wheaton will never be a large

seventeen buildings

PLANAIG

CEST SUFFRAGE |

FOUNOED 1827

GEVER HELD HERE

scheme will not down and most of the
models exploiting it seem more suitable |
for the stage than for the promenade or

college. In the report prepared for the
Legislature the trustees said:
“A woman's education should

’ MEETI

G

Wellesley College is said to have more |
graduates in the mission field than any

 

Long Coats of Changeable Colors a

salon In white taffeta that supple, | other WOT 8 oe in this country | elude not only usual routine but such Equal Franchise Society and Its f D 6 s é $ Upholste ®
Sometimes Trimmed With — | Nrtrous taffeta, which is so lovely in |e Aire, Mychol, was the firat]Wellesiey |subsect® a# hygiene, sanitation, nurs-/ Supporters Will Jam Car- J
, white and delicate tints—lined with palest "OW Mrs, Mychofl, was the first\Wellesley ing, food values, home decoration,
¢ Heavy Lace. pink and trimmed with self-cordings ands gy nn AR ly taie fe yeaa household acounts and business law.” negie Hall. 1}
eee _— frills the model was infinitely more likable Feta Weak sina vier aaa AL tha eee Set een Qa
; * in the first class graduated from Wellesley, |
. ‘Er rq | than in the black and red, The college is represented in the mission| Miss Eleanor M. Colleton fs one of , ¢
RED AND BLACK DESIGNS) Some of the changeable taffetas in) field of every country in Asia with the, the two teachers appointed to make an | MANY SEATS. TAKEN NOW ’ Ree ee + one.4
amtneneeencemaenaeiene medium tones with quaint blurred floral Uncle, escopmon of C —_ arene td investigation among the children of the oa al Rai ;
‘ ‘ ‘lesley? a) aries ‘
Models in) White—Wraps for Summer ok ‘aie are ae aaa tee South” ‘Atnerioa,: Spain, the Philippines, public s teavuion pie tg Ml maak ae Mrs. Clarence H. Mackay Will Preside °
: a , affetas, are made up into long Mexico and Africa. pose of lea 0 schools ca and May Speak—The Others P M d ] °
’ Costs With coats, but though handsome are hardiv ; j become most helpful in giving vo- aa aris Oo € s

Hoods.

80 practical and adaptable as the models |
in plain one tone or changeable taffeta. |

Miss Lathrop of Granby, Mass., ia said

 

cational instruction. One purpose of

Who Will Give Addresses.

 

: ‘ to be the largest breeder of mice, rats and| the investigators is to find out why so | se a late tear + i 7
Ope tires of the word taffeta this spring| Charmeuse and the other soft satin | guinea pigs in this country. She sells the} many children leave school before grad-| There have been big suffrage gatherings We Are Showing in Our Salon de Robes
and yet it is the refrain of every fashion | finish silks are still favored coat materials sinatssaite iinideealilachammaelbtieata in this city this winter,but it is planned to s of
: som So there's no escaping it. and some particularly lovely models of | have the Equal Franchige Society suffrage Representation the Best Models of the

fis ire many women who will not
wear taffeta, but there is no showing
of how things in frocks or millinery or
coats in which this silk has not an impor-
e and so a fashion chronicler must
neads fall into taffeta talk. The fad will
hej shockingly abused. Cheap taffetas
carmot be handled gracefully, they wear
hadiy and they are not beautiful. But,
at its best, the resuscitated silk is really
wi and genuine; artists fashion’ de-
liggtful things from it.

Some of these delightful things material-
{zejin coat form,and though some aston-
j,hingly ugly taffeta coats and wraps are
shown in the shops there are others that
recéneile one to the flood of taffeta.

long coats of changeable taffeta in
lurk or medium colorings are numerous

nd are usually self trimmed with the

rred cord bands, quillings, fringed

ant ro

hings or pointed frills of the silk which !

ne always associates with taffeta, but
‘sionally one finds a coat of this class
shows little or none of the self

whieh

 

such materials are shown in the deep
ivory, biscuit and champagne shades, |
with hand embroidery or lace in the same
color and with handsome fastenings made
of cords of the silks.

There are many beautiful coats of |
white charmeuse or dul finish satin
too, coats intended for daytime rather |
than evening wear during the summer |
months. The smartest of these are mage |
rather simply, with buttons and cordings

of the‘satin and with or without a little | ‘

—|

, 4 Sa Vycs
Fa 7

—
a >
| wont

TIS

 
   
 

   

aw,

tay S

VS

 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
    
      
    
   
   
 
 
   
   
  

4) y Y

| meeting at Carnegie Hall on March 20
|outdo any of them. Mrs. Clarence H.
| Mackay will preside at the meeting and
probably she will make a short address.
| The object of the meeting is to raise funds
|for the maintenance of the circulating
library and reading room of the Equal
Franchise Society at 8 East Thirty-seventh
street. ‘
| On the platform with Mrs. Mackay will
be the offloers of the various suffrage so-
cieties, men and women. The speakers
|and their subjecte will be: Dr. Anna
Howard Shaw, “Women as Human Be-
ings’; Dr. Stephen Wise, “Woman and
Democracy”; Mrs. Rheta Childe Dorr,
“Women in Industry"; Mise Inez Mi)-
; holland, “Women in a Republic”; Miss
| Mary Agnes Best, “The Ignorant Vote.”
Among the patronesses are Mrs. Philip
| Lydig, Mrs. Frederick Nathan, Mrs. Anna
|Garlin Spencer, Mrs. John Porter Shan-
non, Mrs. Thomas B. Wells, Mrs. William
H. Young, Mrs. William B. Bolton, Miss
Cora Van Norden, Mrs. Myra L. Butler,
Mrs. Henry Wise Miller, Mrs. Howard

Noted French Creators for Spring and Summer.

ORDERS FOR REPRODUCTIONS. NOW BEING TAKEN
MUCH BELOW THE REGULAR SCALE OF PRICES. | ™
—Also—
OUR OWN DIRECT IMPORTATION OF COATS AND WRAPS, OF
VEILING, SATIN AND EOLIENRE; HANDSOMELY TRIMMED.

48.00, 68.00, 75.00

.

 

Imported Marabout Neckpieces

STOLE AND CAPE STYLES, OF VERY FINE QUALITIES JUST RE-
CBIVED, IN NATURAL COLOR AND BLACK, INCLUDING MANY HIGH
CLASS NOVELTIES ESPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR EASTER WEAR—
OFFERED AT THE FOLLOWING CONCESSIONS FROM THE USUAL PRICES:

CAPES OF MARABOOT, tops, fringed, tasseled 4 75 8.95, 8,25, 8.75

ends. Usually. $6.50 to $11.75
oe ee eT end erick combined, 4 75, 5.95, 6.75, 9.00

tasseled ends. Usually $6.75 to $11.50.

OF ’ ,
« es tina ast R A Denso we | _ Unmly boge waters 4,98, 6.75, 9,50

a

TA

LJ
bj

Ruth Litt, Mrs. J. G. Croswell, Mrs. Alex-
| ander Blair Thaw, Miss M. E. Wood, the
| Misses Alice and Irene Lewisohn, Countess
|de Tavara, Mrs. Victor Sorchen, Miss
| Margaret McKim, Mme. E. L. de Parenty,
| Mrs. Charles S. Smith, Mrs. Everit Macy,
|Mrs. 4Vallace Irwin, Mrs. E. Einstein,
|Mre. Henry Mills Day, Mre. Edward
| Thomas, Mrs. J. Milholland, Mrs. William
|B. Shepherd, Mrs. J. B. Dickson, Mrs.
John Henry Hammond, Mrs. Kenneth
| Crawford, Mrs. Charles K. Carpenter,
|Mre. Henry S. Gibson, Miss Mary A.
| Sheldon, Mrs. Henry Villard, Miss Louise
| Maynard, Miss Mary Vroom, Miss Eleanor
Frick, Mrs. Charles “Fechheimer, Mrs.
George W. Alger, Mre. Carr Van Anda,
Mrs. H. Dinkelspiel, Mrs. Kar! Bitter,
Miss Clara B. Spence, Dr. Belle Thomas,

| Mre. H. H. Holmes, Miss Alice Riggs
|

STOLES OF MARABOUT and Os eat
and $9.50

§ strand, 2 yards long. Deaslly 97.50 6.00, 7.85

English Mohair Suitings

A SALE OF UNUSUAL IMPORTANCE, CONSISTING OF 3,c00 YARDS OF
SUPERIOR QUALITY MOHAIRS OF THIS SEASON'S STYLES IW
STRIPES AND MIXTURES, THE MOST DESIRABLE COLORS, INCLUD-
ING NAVY, WHITE AND BLACK. >

Linen Suitings

g,000 YARDS TUSSOR WEA THE NEWEST IN LINENS FOR THIS
Hunt, Mre. Charles 8. Brown, Mrs. Charles er aa a oo nae Sax; yern 6; .. —
'L. Guy, Miss Enid Yardell, Mrs. William Wisteria etiee re Se ents Steet, . tawbe,
| Adams Brown, Dr. Sarah J. MaoNutt, Regularly soc., 2 yard

|Mrs. John Graham, Mrs. W. Holden
| Weeks, Mrs. José Edward Chaves, Mrs.
| George D. Pratt, Mrs. Schuyler Warren,
|Mre. Chauncey Stillman, Mrs. James L.
| Laidlaw, Mrs. Robert Goelet, Mrs. Win-
|throp Burr, Miss Mary J. Hay and Mrs.
| F. T. Dalziel.

MONDAY AND TUESDAY
Dress Trimmings

| Among the patrons are te} 2000 YARDS—EMBRACING AN EXTENSIVE VARIETY OF THIS
oo Townsend oe sence ao SEASON'S PARIS TIONS, AS WELL AS OUR REGULAR
Frederick Nathan. 6TOCK OF ) NOVELTIES FOR GTREET AND EVERING
| Boxes have been taken by the Woman's USES.

| Suffrage party, the Equal Suffrage League
and the Women’s Political Union. The
following also have reserved boxes:
Mrs. Clarence H. Mackay, Mrs. Philip
Lydig, Mrs. John Henry Hammond,
Mrs. J. B. Dixon, Mrs. Robert Goelet,
Mrs. A. Barton Hepburn, Mrs. Wallace
| Irwin, Mrs. Henry Wise Miller, Mrs.
| Bourke Cockran, Mrs. Howard Mans-
| field, Mrs. Carr Van Anda, Mr. and Mrs.
| George Foster Peabody, Mrs. J. Mil-

|holland, Miss Louise Ma Mrs.
who are not able to complete thelr | Wints ynard,

Regularly 7g¢. to $1g.00 25* to 7.50: yard ~
NOTE —Fifth Avenue Stages stop at our 19th Street Entrance.

 

    

 

uation. They also hope to learn the
value of industrial training to children

Approved forms of Invitations, Announcements

ects fe tee aurtsortars ol be tt oak,

ree. au um .

on elt Beata in the, balconies will be tree “but and At Home Cards, engraved in correct style
Mise Mildred Chadsey has been ap-| reserved, and they may be obtained a by skilled artisans. East

pointed chief sanitary inspeotor in Cleve- | the peociquatners \ e e aoe grannies y er Cards.

: Socie t

land, Ohio, and will have charge of the | 7o%01y, in, East, ity se "ee olen,
city’s force of sanitary police, including | but after 8:30 no seats will be reserved,
twe sergeants, a woman inspector of | apa the meeting will be thrown open to
factories and worksho and about je public.

twenty-five sanitary Watroiman. Miss| Blocks of seate—sections in the bal-
Chadsey was put in oharge of the tene- conies—have been reserved ror settle-
ment inspection last M and is said to | ment workers, Let ay nurees and teachers.
have shown so much tact and diplo Twenty-five seats have been sent to the

DEMPSEY & CARROLL

 

‘

 

trimming and instead is trimmed in some |
ne of the heavy laces, macrame, filet, |
inv or combination lace. This lace |
be used in a skirtband and collar,

r may merely appear in one of the huge
handsome collars, or perhaps may form
most of the upper part of the coat.

One exceedingly good model sketched |
for this page had its handsome heavy |
lace trimming applied in an_ original
wav At first glance the lace seemed
merely to be in the shape of an unusually

ugze collar, but a second glanoe revealed
the fact that it ran around the body of
the coat in bolero form,the draped taffeta
e being set in between the lace of
vilder and the under arm part of

thar
iy

the al
Tonger and sloping away gradually
fr « bust line instead of crossing over
ke the coat just described was
‘hameleon taffeta of soft brown
and green and red tones, rich yet not
vivid This model. was bordered by a
line of fluffy marabou just outside a band
of corded shirring and had odd little sleeves |
very short und finished by a deep frill |
f tutte |
Particularly coquettish wraps of black |
taffeta are among the imported coats |
shown at some of the openings and are |
as much mantle as coat, the arms passing
tprough draped openings
reeves and the lines suggesting a rather
fo) cape eut away in front and with its
fii/iness held in around the bottom of the
‘oa’ by a bordering band of corded shir-
ro or other self trimming. Some of
ae wraps have hoods of the alfik and all
1 the lightest, softest and most lus-
f tuMetas, eo that, with the aid of
ey escape any hint of balloon-
an
models would be attractive in
ne light colorings for summer eve-
rear, and apropos of coats for such
ses one of the daintiest taffeta
¥r oa shown by an upper Broadway firm
Ss opening day was of pink taffeta |
ned in pink ruches of the silk, The |

arr

ita, th
fullne
u

m, forming a sleeve opening and | Long coats of soft, loosely woven Teva Mrs. Jane K, Sather's gifts to the Uni-
of California aggregated more
than half @ million dollars,

was claverly made of two straight |
r the ends brought up from the |

'y be eaught to the fronts in front of |
6 2 an effective drapery movement.

''¢ hood of softest net and lace, with
+ flower sprigs tucked in here and
ee along the beading of the bordering
frill, fell out over the shoulders and
low in the back, but could be drawn up
» head becomingly. A more piquant
‘Jinmer evening wrap for the débutante
*ven for her younger sister It would be
ard to find
4’ this same opening there also figured

le

 

  
 

instead “of | A MANTLE OF ROSE TAFFETA AND GRAY MARABOUT, A CAPE OF WHITE

TAFFETA LINED WITH RED AND A CLOAK OP TWO TONED

SATIN AND

 

heavy, handsome lace about the collar
and sleeves. Some of the best looking
have no trimming at all save the satin,
but are gracefully cut and lined with
exquisite flowered chiffon in the dainty
pompadour or pony designs.

Good looking coats of black charmeuse
are made up on similar lines, and these
too have the flowered chiffon lining
The lightest and sheerest of rough silk
or wool éponge in white lined with color
makes smart cover all coats for summer
and reversible materials are made to give
much the same effect. White, with a
pale corn color lining, collar and cuffs,
is a combination often seen and charm-
ingly cool looking.

in white and cream and string color,
inset with heavy lace to match the linen
color and more or less elaborated with
hand embroidery, have been brought
over by all the importers who cater to a,
fastidious clientéle,

WHAT WOMEN ARE DOING. |

purposes
eight
guinea pigs in one year
cautions persons who think of entering
the business to consider their neighbors,
a&s the dogs and cats of her own neighbors

have proved the worst trouble she has

LACE,

thousand mice and six hundrec

had to contend against,

Miss Bessie Marion Coats, B. A., Vassar
1907, has received the
Paliner fellowship founded in 1903 by Mrs

Davd P. Kimball of Boston and yielding
an income of $1,900,

, holder of the Mary FB
_ philosophy for 1910411 at Yale,

Ives fellowship ir

versity

first gilt was the Sather Gate at the Tele

graph avenue entrance to the university
as & tnemorial to her husband
dowed two professorships, each for $120,- |
ooo; provided two book funds, of $25,000
J and $10,000, and gave $200,00) for the erec- |

She en

tion of a bell tower of white granite,

Wheaton, the newest

Miss Lathrop

Alice Freeman

Miss Coats is the

Mrs. Sather's

| woman's col- |
Mrs. Maggie Carter of Wakefield, Maas., lege, was founded by Mary Lyon as a
iol in black and red very similar to| started in the milk business nine years} Kiris' seminary at Norton, Mass., more
\b* one in white and pink reproduced |ago with one cow. To-day she owns a'than seventy-five years ago. At pres-
and on a slender figure the curious, |herd of fifty Jerseys. Her daily milk ent it has an enrolment of 225 students,

im handling the work, together with eu

a knowledge of building matters, that she
was promoted to her present position.
Her salary is $1,860 a year.

REVIVING HOME INDUSTRIES.

 

| Homespuns, Baskets, Pottery and Tapes-
try Turned Out by Craft Workers.
From Handicraft.

From the home industries of Canada
come beautiful homespuns in wool and
| linens, Woven and dyed by hand, which
| are charming in color and texture. These |
jare being used by two of our United
| States industries in making children's

frocks and dressing gowns.

The Old Colony Union at Bourne, Mass.,
j}and the Aquidneok Cottage Industries
/ of Newport, R. L., find difficulty in filling
|the demand for these handmade gar-

A mente, which are distinotive in design

, and showing an application of needlecraft
, to wearing apparel which lifts it quite
out of the position {t usually oocuples.
The Basket Shop in Belfonette, Pa.,
produces baskets made by the towns-
| people under the direction and from the
| designs of able crafteworkers who have
| been in their town, alded by an expert tn
| getting the best results in dyeing. The
| settlements in many of the large cities
are getting good resulta in needlecraft
land in making pottery. The Bohemian
Needlework Guild in New York and the
| Paul Revere Pottery in Boston are notable
examples.
The Keene Valley tapestries made in

animals almost exclusively to laboratories; the Adirondacks by the guides’ wives
where they are used for experimental
She has raised as many as

in their homes from special designs bi

Pamela Coleman Smith and under the
1,/able direction of Mrs. George Notman
are remarkable examples of weavin,
are good from every standpoint.

to order from special desi
the colors dyed to harmonize with an
surroundings they fill a need long felt
by interior decorators.

 

 

and |
de |
8 and with |

Teachers College.

The ushers on the floor will
be forty Barnard girls. They will wear blue
sashes—blue is the color of the society
—with “Votes for Women” printed on
them. The ushers in the balconies and
gallery will be men from the Men's
‘or Women’s Su ffra of which George
Foster Peabody is preaident.

Announcement will be made at the
meeting of a series of lectures to be de-
livered at the society's headquarters in
April by Dr. Anna Howard _w, who

ll apeak on “My Early Struggles’; Mrs.

Richard Aldrich, who will speak on the |b

life of Clara Barton; Mrs. Stanton Blat h,
who will talk on the life of her mother,
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Ida Husted
were who will speak on Susan B. An-
thony. ;

FISHING FOR COAL.

Pennsylvania Rivers Which Supply the
Farmers on Their Banks.

When coal is needed on a Pennsylvania
farm ‘bordering the Susquehanna River
little Johnnie does not grab his coal hod
and scoot for the oellar. Instead he
unfastens his boat, pulls out iato the
river and fishes till his hod {fe over-
flowing.

To be sure Johnnie doesn't fish with rod
and line, nor yet with a net. His ap-
paratus consiste of a wire scoop, shaped
like a shovel and not dissimilar to a min-
now net, with an eight foot handle, And
his boat is a broad, flat bottomed affair,
sometimes square ended and sometimes
with sharp bows, built like a scow, with
the maximum of canecsty and the mini-
mum of draught; for the coal fisher's catch
is usually made in shallow water.

And the catch is unlike any coal you
ever saw. This run of the river coal
comes in all sizes, from little flakes to
'chunke as big as your head. But mostly
it is maller than pea coal. Coal from the
| mines is bright and shiny and all angles
| that reflect the light.

River coal is neither angular nor ehiny.

rounded off like a beach ble, with an

 

nil A Man Hater's Library.
Irom the London Chroniele.

Misandry occasionally has {ts uses, A
Russian lady, Mme, Kaissavow, who died
, ten years ago in St. Petersburg,'would not
allow any book written by a man to enter
her house, She was, however, a voracious
reader and wealthy enough to satisfy her

cravings in this direction,
On her death her library was found to
contain nearly 14,000 volumes—all written

by women hie wae said at the time
- to be the most extensive collec
kind ever formed, ollection of this

 

 

in planning your

BY FACE Forget Sear PACE

time 10 tighten Babes
sh piste
uate” payslcten, "ies

the bes! uickest
experica
@

t an
methode and wWreetest
rite,
313232 Breadway, N.Y

 
 

SS

exterior as dull as ground glass. To the
juninitiated a heap of river coal looke
| exactly like a pile of black pebbles, But
j let a piece of it be cracked open and the
ahiny heart stands forth like the meat in
|a@ hickory nut.
| Despite this apparent difference be-
| tween mine and river coal, there is really
{no difference at all, or rather the differ-
| ence, like beauty, is only skin deep. For
|river coal is simply mine coal, that has
gone overboard, says Harper's Weekly,
Ever since men began delving for coal
the operator has cast aside as refuse
thousands upon thousands of tons of
‘ood coal, flung it out on the culm heeps,
hat is his loss ia the gain of the ooal
fishers in the river below. Into this
stream, by way of ite feeders, the moun-
tain brooks, coal is washed by the rains.
which gnaw deep e faces of
the culm banks. lack sand” thus
washed into the brooke turns them to ink.
Fer, after all and miles of
rolling, ri
rest on @ eand

Every piece of it is worn down, buffed, |'

   

told exactly. The first supply comes
into the river in the Wilkes-

ver coal.
at
busy.
supply erm
into the Susquehanna with the inky
of the Shamokin Creek

wath oa aaa

ty
Another twenty-five
at Liverpool, ae still Mdothe

Three-Piece Suits and
Loose Coats.
CRUMUPE warren
pongee, serge, cuailis, volle, Swine wiadines;

Goats and Fares. sere,
egligess eo Oe oereccecoces

 

delving like eo many oyster ané Short
little fleets of ooal boats move up and Rvery Je ot
the river at g. another twenty- Posbastneo AL’ 'e e
erie ter ae be SF tee Beata | Sa RR i ce eneeE

es a e
Signe dtd ih on ne | Page en ratte LOWEN a

\ are ores ted ca “U" cent out of free.
of ri F farmer has
his riverside coal bin, @ boarded in| LANE BRYANT, + ast rx s7..
apace by the benk, which he| WASHINGTON HBIGHTS, Biway & ‘st.
can moor his boat to ently
A apa SL A eres
ara
ot mard brite th oe of di Goon oe rea fr i ao
y lie the ooa .

tte long pushing pole: Rasleve lie choveip | fie doovel hamaic na the chan ce Ee ts
and ite anchor pins. For when Johnnie | and moves his load back and forth through
goes to fish for coal! gh the water, tke 8 gold miner washing a
* i eee? tien tas Gb means pan of ore. us a washes out the

two pieces of iren that he thrusts | saad. e@ residue is almost 4
down into the river bed through fron In a day Johnnie can dig several hundred

rings on the side of his craft.

 

  

“Wear La Grecque and

& VAN

 

heave @ Better Figure.”

THE NEW

embodies all the up-to-date
requirements of Dame Fash-
ion together with the

La Grecque excellence,

Special Gittings by expert corsetieres, $3.50 to $25.00.

Becend Fleen—Tehe Bisvotes

West 34th St. }