re

I EE NS

 

 

HOME MADE HUMPTY DUMPTY.

Like Alice in Looking Glass Land, the
childen were certain from the first moment
they saw the queer manikin, “certain as
if his name was written all over his face,”
that this was Hum pty Dumpty. When
they saw him tumble head over heels
down a sloping board they were even more
certain of the fact.

The tumbler was a gift from their
youngest aunt, and later she told the
children how he was made, and the chil-
dren made others and gave them to their
friends. Here are the directions given
by the youngest aunt, so that you can
make one for yourself:

First cut froma piece of white buckram
@uch as is used for making hat frames
&@ rectangle nine inches long by four inches
wide. Lap the ends and sew them to-
gether firmly, making a cylinder four
inches high. On this with pen and ink
or paint brush draw Humpty Dumpty's
face, copying it from the illustration
here or from the “Alice” book. Straight
lines should be drawn on the back to
represent hair.

Now choose heavy, bright colored
cloth and cut out two circles, each about
8ix inches across. These will be large
enough to make rounded pouches
when the edges are sewed to the ends of
the buckram shape.

Sew the cap pouch on first, above the
face, that is. Before attaching the other
pouch in the same way to the lower end
place inside the figure a glass marble
an inch and a quarter in diameter, suchas
may be bought for 25 centa. Now fasten
on the lower pouch and attach strips of
cloth to represent arms and legs, the
arms at the top of the pouch and the legs
at points on the sides of the rounded

 

 

{annoying folks like that.
| to-day. See that?” Mr. Bear pointed| Mr. Bear, “get up! I've brought home
} with his paw to a great black patch on | two fine fat children.”

bottom. Small hands and feet, cut from |

the buckram, may he sewed on these ta
make them more lifelike.

A neat finish to edch pouch ts made by
fastening a narrow atrip of cloth or ribbon
around to cover the line of sewing. The
binding on the lower pouch, of course,
represents Humpty Dumpty’s cravat,

for you remember Alice was not sure |

whether it was a cravat or a belt. Just
above the cravat, on the white buckram,
draw lines representing the collar.

The tumbler is now made and is ready
to periorm. His jeat is to turn somer-
gaulte down an incline. The children

 

HUMPTY DUMPTy PERFORMING.

who played with the first Humpty Dumpty
used a leaf from the dining room table,
but any smooth board will answer the
purpose. A few trials will

easy descent. You will certainly not
eay of the tumbler, as Alice did of Humpty
Dumpty:

“Of all the unsatisfactory people 1
ever met——*

 

 

CLOTHESPINS AS TOYS

 

Kenneth came upstairs one day drag-
@ing a big bag. :
“Oh, mother,” he called to her,

wouldn't lose or break any.”
He eat down on the floor and emptied

the bag. Then he began to pile up the
clothespins.
First he built a log cabin. He caught

two clothespins together and laid them
down to form two sides of the house,
fastened together two more in the

  

THE LOG CABIN.
way and placed them with the heads over

and under the other two pins. He made
four rows like this, and when he thought
the cabin was high enough he laid four
clothespins across the top to form a roof.

Two clothespins were the men who
lived in this log cabin. Kenneth called
them Mr. Wood and Mr. Pinney, and made
up adventures for them.

 

a SET WR

Can you read it? How many other letters

clothespins?

. 5

|
|

|

up their practice in speech.

'Mr. Wood and Mr. Pinney, and asked his

“I've mother what else he could do with the |
found something new to play with. Nan-! clothespins.

nie said I could take the clothespins if 1 |

 

'

yi"
| moisture in the air with it that makes it
jana most of the youngsters made very oppressive.
‘ | good headway with it, much better than wo
Parse some of the grownups that tried it. The. Excursion for High School Graduates.

WHO CAN READ THIS? |

ahow you| hom feels the vinration and look d
room feels the vibration and looks aroun
what slope is best to secure a graceful, | gg who called. finally he found a problem that dealt

| looked like the letter L and two others
then | with the heads a little nearer together |
8aM@ | like V. Then he made a second L and |

ey

 

  

 

       
 
 

 

SAMUEL AND SARAH AND THE SLEEPY - BEARS.

 

them,” she whined.
won't agree with us.”

“But we can pickle them, my dear,”
said Mr. Bear. “At least you can. Nice
sweet pickle!

Once upon a time there was a little boy|more comfortable. “Oh. please, air,”
namei Samuel and a little girl named they said politely, “don't mind us!”
Sarah, and as they were playing about in| “But I do mind,” growled Mr. Bear.
the woods one winter day they heard a/ ‘It's a sin’ and a shame to waste you,
very curious noise. 80 nice and fat as you are! But there—
Sarah was frightened. “Oh, Samuel,” /it’s not my time of year for eating and | would taste done up whole in honey?"
she cried, “what do you ‘spose that {s?| my digestion never could stand late sup-| Poor Mrs, Bear was so sleepy she could
It's such a roary-snorey sound—it might|pers. If I only had you pickled, now! | hardly keep her eyes open, but she oblig-
be a bear!” Ha, Ihaveit! I'll take you home and have | ingly tied on a large white apron, got out
Samuel laughed. “Pooh,” sald he, “I| my wife do you up!" her glass preserve jars, filled the kettle
wouldn't care if it was! Do you see that} Now Samuel ahd Sarah did not want [ Suaihohar toc "a ‘ caer atte
big black bush over there? Well, if that/ to go to Mr. Bear's house and be done up, | mantelpiece, placed ee ig
bush was a bear, I'd just take my gun”—| 80 they turned to run, but it was too late. | and reached a book from the shelf. It
he had his little popgun with him—‘and | Mr. Bear laid a heavy’paw on the shoulder was called “Mrs. Roarer's Home Hints,”
I'd aim it right aplang at Mr. Bear's head— | of each and led them up the side of the

“You know they

and Mrs. Bear turned over the pages with

so—and--bang—he'd tumble down dead!” | hill till they came to a great big rock. | ln of Spare ene te te “ana haat
Now it wasn't a very big bang that/ In this rock was a nice little door that had | out —“Peel and chop fine — stew six hours

Samuel's gun made when it went off, but/a shiny brass knocker and a neat door
it had a most astonishing effect on the! plate with “B. Bear” on it. Mr. Bear |
bush. First it unourled itself, then it} opened the door with his latch key and
reared itself up on its hind legs, then it} led the children down a long darie passage |
shot out one big black paw, and then it| nicely carpeted with moss into a big |
shot out another big black paw, and then| kitchen. There was a stove with a bright
it opened ita great big mouth and said] fire burning and near it were two large
“Grr-rr-rr-r!” armchairs with big patchwork cushions
Samuel and Sarah stood perfectly still.;in them and two very small armchairs
They were too scared to run. with little patchwork cushions in them.
“Little Boy-cub,” said Mr. Bear, “did|There was also a table with tea things,
you tickle me on the nose?” two very large cups and two very small
Now Samuel had been taught to tell the | cups and two very large plates and two
truth, even when he was soared. “Yes, | very small plates and two very big spoons
sir,” he said. “That ie—I shot you with | and two very little spoons. A door opened
my little gun.” into an inner room and from this room
“Grr-rr-rrr,” eald Mr. Bear. °I dreamed | they could hear the sound of snores, one|
it was the Fourth of July and a mosquito/ big rough gruff grunty snore, and two
was tickling me. You shouldn't go round | little smug snug snuffly snores.
And I'm cross| “Mother Bear, Mother Bear,” growled |

the snow. “What is it?” he asked. Mother Bear was so sound asleep that
“Please, sir, it’s your shadow,” answered | she had to be called at least seven times, |
Samuel. but at last, with a terrible yawning and |
“Do you know what that means, little! grunting and growling, she stumbled |
-oub?” out of bed and came into the kitchen.
“No, sir,” aaid Samuel. She was dressed in a striped dressing
*Don't you know what day this is?” gown and she had a white cotton nightcap |
“No, air,” said Samuel. on her head. In one paw she carried a
“Well, then, ‘you're a very ignorant boy | lighted candle, and now the children!
cub, and your education has been neg- | could see into the other room where two |
lected.”| Here Mr. Bear stopped to yawn | little baby bears were snoring away in |
so widely that he showed all his sharp | their cribs all tucked up warmly in Teddy
white teeth. “Why,” he went on, “to-day's| Bear blankets. g
the most tmportant day of all the year! “Well, well, Father,” grunted Mother |
Every February 2 I have to get up out of | Bear :
my nice warm bed and come out here to | poor wife out of bed at this time of year! dressing gown and a red tasselled night-
see if I can see my shadow. If I can't, | Why, I've hardly had three months sleep.” | CaP and disappeared into the other room.
then winter's over, ‘but if I do see it, then| “Now, now, my dear, I know it’shard,” | jjeard this long, loud, roary snore rising
back I go—which of course means six {said Father Bear, “but don't be cross. above the little smug, snug, snufMfly snores
weeks more ooal bill! Not that I mind|I saw my shadow, so we've got six weeks | of the baby bears.
going to bed,” he added, yawning again, | more to sleep, and it did seem such a pity | _,“That's the he gncetes ont eee,
“for I can hardly keep awake now, but | to waste these nice fat little childern!” Plage gerd : } gh es ron. ar ths
I don't like to leave you children.” Mrs. Bear rubbed her sleepy eyes with | middle of the night!" She was feeling so
Samue! and Sarah began to feel a little} the back of her paw. “But we can't eat | sorry for herself that the tears gathered

 

in ant vinegar -—-flavor :
round grubs, or, if preferred, spiders
While Mrs. Bear was reading Mr. Bear

 

 

HOW THE DEAF ‘HEAR.

You have probably seen persons talk-

ing to each other on their fingers, or by| . . ;
means of signs, and have been told that! sum: talla “deren? hig.vain efforts to do a | traced some outlines on the paper while

, fall leep. ; : ;
they were deaf and dumb. | he uses in schoolthe Tren “he Pi At “he Moonface again read the problem. *
The reason they cannot talk is that they | “If I read too fast for you let me kuow,

pnite and the Inkwell organise to help

im and see he aid of the Book and the i

do not know how to form the words, Reading Glass to read the problems for | 84d Moonface. ; ty.*
never having heard them. Some whohave | them. Yes, we want this written correctly,

i i 1 Fatty Pen. “That is the trou-
become deaf through illness always keep Moonface Reading Glass read aloud | COmmentec :
: example after example while the com-| le With most of the pupils in school;
mittee listened attentively, but to their they often fail to know the real question.

 

TOMMY AND

 

The reason people cannot hear {s that |

| the drum of the ear is imperfect, or has | dismay none of the sums read mentioned | Look over this, Moonface, and see if it's

been destroyed. Sound is nothing but the| Sheep. There were questions about the right.” :

vibrations ot the air acting on the drum | Cost of so many*yards of cloth, how many | Stubby regained his feet with much
of the ear. When people are quite deaf | @pples each child received, the number of effort and stood to one side while Moon-
it is because the eardrum will not respond , days it would take A to do the work, and face bent over the ROTOR es . ‘

to. these vibrations, but they can still) all sorts of other questions. Why, you haven't written a Single
feel these vibrations, even if they cannot; Moonface complhined afters while that | thing.” he cried. “here is nothing on
4 eg of deaf mutes are sit-| 8° Much reading was a strain on his one
ting in aroom together and one wishes to | &Y® but under the sarcasm of Stubby
attract the attention of another, he strikes! Pencil and the cutting comments of
and every one in the| Sharpie Knife, he continued to read until]

t' with sheep. i
aun naans perenne tet vee ne ane “A farmer dying,” he read, “decides to
so that if you shake them it sets up a/ leave his sheep to his seven sons, The
vibration fs ike cae Se aed | eldest is to receive half as many as——”

na | “Hold on,” interrupted President Pen.
people that sleep too late Ih the morning. | «That is too much allat once. Let's have
<== | this written down on paper before ye
| forget what the problem requires. Here
you, Stubby, get to work and write this.”
| “I never wrote all by myself before,"
said Stubby. “Somebody always guided
;me. I'll try it, though, if one of you
will help me stand on my head.” ®

MUTE,

EE.

But the next day Kenneth was tired of

“I think,” she said, ‘that you might|
make letters with them.” |
Kenneth knew Qis letters, and liked to
draw them on paper, but to make them with
clothespins was something new. He,
found that two pins caught together |

pushed one clothespin further
the other, and that made T.
“Oh, mother, come and see!” he called. |
+ His mother came and smiled. |
“Can you make F, Kenneth?” she asked. |
He found that he could by using three
clothespins, but he was not able to make |
E because the head of the fourth clothes-
pin slipped out of the shanks of the up- |
right one. He also made X and a long Y. |
Then his mother tried and soon she had |
made K and N, for Kenneth Newton. |

along on |

THERMOMETERS.

 

Now that the weather is getting warmer
every one will be more or less interested
in the thermometer, and during the sum-

 

Or how do you think they } was, they did not feel as f

vinegar with |

“VYon're a fine fellow to get your} had quickly ¢linped on a vellaw flannel |

| big chair, Mrs. Bear, dearie, and I'll sing

HIS LESSON.

large hairy none.
ow when Samuel and Sarah saw how
| very slow and sleepy Mrs. Bear was and
| heard how very sound ne Mr. Bear
ghtened as
| thev had felt at firet. Samuel winked at
| Sarah, then he looked hard at Mrs. Bear
| and said politely: “It is too bad, Mrs. Bear.
Of course we don't mind being peeled and
chopped fine, but it’s a great deal of
trouble for you, when you're so sleepy!”
“Yes,” chimed in Sarah, “poor Mrs.
Bear, when you're so sleepy!”
Mrs. Bear was pouring the ant vinegar
jinto a large preserving kettle. e
stopped and stood wagging her huge
| head from side to side, looking very silly.
“Yes,” she agreed, “so sleepy, eel
“I tell you what,” said Samuel softly.
“You sit down in your big chair, Mother

 

 

“PLEASE, SIR, IT’S YOUR SHADOW,” ANSWERED SAMUEL.

Bear, and rest a while, and we'll stir the
vinegar for you and call you when it boils,
won't we, Sarah?”

“Yes,” said Sarah, “you sit down in the

wat

you a nice little song, and then you can
peel and chop us when you're

Mother Bear was just go to take

in
their advice, for she was 80 Sleepy she/tne big, rough, gruff, grunty snores an
ny

hardly knew what she was doing, when in
| pooenne for the ground grubs she Rot
hold of the pepper pot by mistake and the
pepper flew up in her nose and made her
sneeze. “Nonsense,” she growled crossly.
| “And don't be talking about being

the paper but the picture of aman. What
is all this, a joke? I can't waste my time
reading these problems if you are not
going to be serious.”

“That is just the trouble with you in
school, Stubby,” said President Pen,
frowning severely on Stubby, “you are
always wasting Tommy's time by getting
him to draw pictures‘ when he should be
paying attention to the lessons. You're
no friend of Tommy; you're his enemy.”

Stubby slunk away, shamefaced.
Whereupon Fatty Pen announced that he
would write the problem himself, and
started to dip himself into the Inkwell.

 

 

AT THE AQUARIUM.

The Aquarium stock of fresh water
| fishes has been very considerably aug-
mented by the receipt of 257 specimens

in her stupid eyes and rolled down her | slee

 

 

ite rested.” | member to fasten behind him.

yt If you do I can't keep awake,
and it I should drop off now I shan't wake
till April.” Aa he spoke she fumbled about
on the shelf till she found the ground
grubs and also a tin box marked pet
and shook the contents of both briskly
into the ant vinegar. Then ghe took a
great wooden spoon and sti the mess
round and round. The fire was very hot
and soon Mrs. Bear began to feel drowsier
than ever. ‘
“Ve well, Mrs. Bear, dear,” said
mue| polite.’ “We'll be very careful.
ye won't evdn do anything like this”—
and he put up his little handkershief and
pretended to hide a large yawn. |
s“Nor anything like this either,” said
little Sarah quickly, and she too yawned
as widely as she poasibly could. . :
“We won't talk about anv body who's
sleapy-sleepy!” said Samuel. ;
“Not a thing about anybody who'd
like to snuggle down in bed and go to
sleepy-eepy-by!” said Sarah.
oor Mrs. r! She tried her best to
keep awake, but as soon as she saw Sam-
uel and Sarah yawn she yawned too, and
no sooner had they said the word
“sleepy” than her head began to nod so
that she almost fell into the fire. Then
Sarah ran to draw up the big arm chair
and Samuel gently pushed Mrs. Bear into
it. “Just a minute,” she grunted as they
settled her, “I'll just sit here a minute
and—and think. You, Little Boy, you stir
the vinegar; you, Little Girl, _ read the
recipe—that'll keep me awake e
Sarah took the hook, but instead of
reading the recipe she began to sing
in a soft orews voice, while Samuel kept
time with the big wooden spoon:

Oh sleepy, sleepy, sleepy Bear!

Just go to sleep and have no care,
Just shut sour eyes and soon you'll be
In Slunerland along with me!

How nice it {s to go to bed!

To feel soft pillows press your head,
Just shut your eyes and soon you'll be
In Slumberland along with me!

the time Sarah had sung the last line

of her song Mother Bear's big hairy
head had toppled over on her shoulder, her
great red mouth was wide open, and she
was snoring her rough, gruff, grunty
snore, Ifom the other room came the
long, loud, roary snore of Father Bear
and the little smug, snug, snuftly snores
of the baby bears. The kitchen was very
warm, the vinegar boiled and bubbled
on the stove, and Sarah herself was nearly
asleep. Samuel took her by the hand
and softly the two children stole out of
the kitchen down the moss carpeted
pecseae to the door of the den which
‘father Bear had been too sone to re-
till they

could hear the long, loud, roary snores
the little smug, snug, snu snores of
the Bear family following behind them.
But Samuel and Sarah did not stop to
listen. They ran home to tneir mother
as fast as they could go, and very glad
they were to get there!

TO LAST WEEK’S
PUZZLES.

Last week's puzzles seem to have heen
too hard for the youngsters, as quite a
number of those.who have always sent
in good answers were not heard from and
those who did write spoke of the difficulty
they had.

AUNT MARY'S ANAGRAM.

This was a hard one to change the
meaning of and the only ones to get good
anagrams out of the sentence were:
Emil Gruler, Ruth Champion, Agnes

| Martin, E. Roberta Bridgman, Bernice C
Heller, Elizabeth Grant, Ethel Hact,
Albert F. Hodges, George B Parker,
Emma Root Deacon, Eugenie F. Burke,
Frances Allen, Ethe: Cunningham, Lillian
Voorhees and Jessie M. Jordan.

THE NONSENSE RHYME.

There were only six creditable readings
of this, sent in by: E. Roberta Bridgman
Alice Babcock, Elizabeth Grant, Anne
Reardon, Emma Root Deacon and Lillian
Voorhees.

Some of the attempts were quite amus-
inig. Here is a specimen:

The man that was steering
Was candle key at Mountain Out.
The boy that was pulling the oar
Was running along the shore.
And the gir] that was watching it all
Had sold out to be there. Ha! Ha! ,
PATSEY'S PUZZLF.
No correct answers to this one yet. so

A

 

— te :
SSS

s
“Weg, 5 Ne NY 2 Ph»
Ny en mm eA do Dots 9
9 le yy BD > uo Ye seh) “TF
Yes A Begs IRLS MAGE:
ah </T\UR Wy
OYS AND *e
ay hd a ws ee see /' rN vz i
wat rere NY 7 ae
KY iste f AEE if BISA ZiNG b>

THE STORY OF ARABELLA.

 

Arabella was a beautiful wax do\| (4
her day and was given the best of cam
by a mother who was Very fond of haw!
When the mother was too old to play wt};

*| dolls she wrapped Arabella in a soft el

and put her in a drawer, where she pa.
mained for many years.

Then one day she took her out, ant”
Arabella heard her gay to a little girl #y,,
stood beside her: : 9d

“This was my best doll when I was #7
little girl. Now I am going to give hep
to you. Her name is Arabella, and yay”
must be very careful of her, for she ig
wax and cannot be dropped without breag™
ing, as your other dolls.” oe

“But, mother,” the little girl said, “can*}?4
she be mended if I break her?” *t 180d

“No,” said her mother; “it will apsiy’'
poor Arabella if you drop her, as her nee
is very soft.” add

Arabella was very carefully handie4™
for a few days. She was put in a pré y,
carriage and wheeled about; teen sh¢*
was undressed at night and put into 4”
nice little bed, and she had a new dreag
and a stylish bonnet, and a number of
little girls came to see her. Her new
mother told them that Arabella was very
old and that hér mother played with her
when she was a little girl. But Arabella
laughed to herself. She did not feel old
and she knew if her new mother gave her
good care she would always look young
and feel young.

There came a day, however, when her
new mother became tired of her, and she
was left all day without being dressed,
and sometimes she would have to lie in bed
for days at a time with her eyes closed
At other times she would be left in her
carriage all night, and there she would sit,
staring into the darkness, and she would
wish her new mother would put her in bed
so she could close her eyes.

One night Arabella was Jeft in her car-
riage on the piazza all night.

“Oh, dear!” thought Arabella,
freeze out here in the night air.”

And a big dog came up to her carriage
and sniffed at her.

“Oh, dear! Oh, dear!” she cried.
shall Ido? I am so afraid!”

Then the dog licked her cheek and
took off some of the red. Poor Arabella
almost fainted, but she sat quite still and
looked straight ahead, and the dog walked
away.

Arabella was glad when the daylight
came, but the sun came also, and her
new mother did not move her carriage,
for she was busy making mud pies on
the shady side of the house. By and by
the sun crept up to Arabella's carriage
and then to her feet, and finally all. over
her.

“Oh dear!” thought Arabella, “will no
one save me? I shall melt, I know I shall,"
but her mother was very busy with he
cooking.

At lunch time the new mother ran
around to the front of the house to meet
her father, and then she saw Arabella,
and such an Arabella you never saw
Her new mother looked at her, and ran
into the house for her mother to come
quick and see what had happened to
Arabella. Poor Arabella's face was
changed indeed; the wax had melted
and run down her cheeks; she looked
old and fad.

“I told you not to leave her in the sun,”
said the mother to the little girt.

“But can't her face be put in shape
again?” asked the new mother.

“No,” said Arabella's first mother,
“she is spoiled, and to think I played
with her for years, and she was as good
as new when I gave her to you.”

She took Arabella out of the carriage.
“You poor old dolly,” she said, and
Arabella leaned lovingly against her.
“The children nowadays do not love
their dolls as I did when I was a little
girl. I thought as much of you then as
a mother does of her child. I'll put you
back in the attic,” she said, carrying
Arabella into the house, “for I cannot
put you in the ragbag. Even if your face
is spoiled| you always will be Arabella
to me, no matter how you look.”

So Arabella went back to the soft cloth

*I shall

“What

it will be left for another week to try|and the drawer, where she was glad to

 

again. One little girl is sure the word: be, for she was tired, and she closed her .
is “Tease,” but it is not | eves for a long sleep.
THE HORSE CHESTNUT PEOPLE.
Now that they were safely embarked! still, and he may not see us.” /

on their leaf boat and floating down the |

| stream toward their tree, the horse chest-
| nut ™man and woman breathed great
jsighs of relief. At last their troubles
|seemed at an end and their struggles
jin the house where the little boy had
| first fashioned them into human sem-
jblance were speedily forgotten,

_; Down the stream they sailed past |

mossy banks of green, shaded by great
overhanging trees.

But their happiness was short lived.
14a they glided down the current their

Kenneth laughed at the queer looking |
letters. Then together they made W. and |
when they turned it upside down it formed
M.

“Now let us spel some words,” said his |
mother. |

They soon made “FIX,” using a single |
clothespin for I. Kenneth spelled “IT”
‘and “TIN,” and his mother showed him
how to make “WILL.”

When his father came home he found
this sentence on the table, spelled with |
clothespins: |

 

Sharpie assisted him to stand on his
head. With his legs high in the air Stubby

 

NONSENSE RHYMES.

Here is the correct reading of the Non- |

| sense Rhyme printed last week, the parts
indicated by a device of any kind being |

placed in brackets:
The (man) that was [left on the dock,)
Was [a light) [kee] [per] out [on the rock.) |
The [boy] that was pulling the {oar}
Was [a k{Q] that [belonged] {on the] shore;

 

 

 

i |

And tif (girl) that was [watch]ing it [all,)
Had [no business) (to) [be] there aft all.] |

mer the weather reports are chiefly con-
cerued with the number of degrees of
heat these little instruments show.

The word thermometer means some-
thing that will measure heat units, just
as a grocer's scale weighs butter. The
little tube inside the glass is very small
indeed and the bulb at the bottom is filled
with quicksilver, which has the property
of responding very quickly to heat or
cold, Some liquids will hardly expand

‘at all, such as water, and would be use-

less in a thermometer,

The tube is so small that a very little
expansion in the bulb at the bottom will
make the mercury climb a long way up
the glass, and the scale on the side shows
the degrées of heat, The scale used gen-
erally in this country is called Fahren-
heit, because it Was arranged by a scien-
tist of that name,

In the Fahrenheit scale freezing is at
82 degrees and the boiling point of water
at sea level is 212. The natural tempera-
ture of the body in health is 98 2-5, When
people fee! the heat a great deal in sum-
mer, it is not always actual heat, but the

|lately exhibited by the New York State
| Conservation Commission at the Sharp-
{shooting and Sportsmen's Bhow held
|at Madison Square Garden,

| ‘Those fishes, from various waters
|throughout the State, include large
mouthed and small mouthed bass, short
nosed sturgeon, burbots, shiners, roach, |.
catfish, mud pupples, brown trout, rain-
bow trout, brook trout, lake trout,
yellow perch, pike perch, white perch,
muscallonge, chain pickerel and banded
pickerel,

One of the muscallonge is the largest
ever shown here, being four feet in
length, and a fifteen inch yellow perch
is the biggest of that species ever seen
in the Aquarium, There are brown

trout of three or four pounds weight,
fine specimens of the rainbow trout
and many handsome brook trout.

|

Reclaiming Up-State Swamp Lands. attention was attracted to a great creature

There is little to explain about this one.

| ttle sign that atands for “per” is some-| Coshocton correspondence Cleveland Leader.

Plans have been made by the board of education
ues Tada th Fl rag le Ese ine Ca
\ 18 “at 660 Mud r. roo. es eo gh school an excursion in lieu of usua

commenceinent exercises this year, The class
and words can you make with | Oe rook of Gloralier waite fs alwaye chaperoned by members of the faculty, will be

{ls sold out there is evidently “no business,” | by boat on the Muskingum and Oh

4

From the Seneca Falis Courter- Journal,

Preparations are being made to reclaim some
25,000 acres of swamp land lying between Albion
and Batavia and 609 acres near the head of Silver
Lake in Wyoming county. Seneca and Wayne
counties have thousands of acres of swamp land
from which the only revenue to he dérived is
fag, which has grown to large proportions, The
value of these lands in their present state is small
but drained and restored to cultivation would

land.

perched upon a huge rock in the water—
@ creature with big, blinking eyes and
webbed feet. It was a frog, though
they did not know it.

“What do you suppose that 1s?” asked
the woman, clinging to the man in terror
with her remaining toothpick arm.

“I don't know,” replied the man, trying

taken on a week's trip to Pitt burg ond reuse greatly eaceed tm value that of ordinary term|t© look brave but really trembling as
e much

as the woman, “Keep perfectly

Silently their little craft swept nearer
and nearer, with the two little people
clinging to each other in fright) Just
when it seemed as though the leaf would
run aground on the rock and surely at-
tract the attention of the frog there
was a loud noise and the water shot high
into the air.

With a loud plunk the frog disappeared
beneath the surface of the brook, while
the horse chestnut people were hurled
into the water. Big waves swept over
the§water, and the couple, floating easily,

 

 

were tossed about. A loud, exultant
voice reached their ears, and to their
dismay they recognized it as being that
of the little boy who had knooked them
from their horse chestnut tree.

“I almost got that bullfrog that time.”
he said. “I chucked a big rock at him
Oh, here are the little chestnuts I gathered
yesterday. the hired gir! must have

hrown them out.”
ie leaned over the bank and gathered
in and laid them on the gvaés.