| TOMMY'S TOOL CHEST | amr manys warms |DOROTHY'S KIMON

 

The first tool that old man Martin
thought Tommy should learn to use was
the saw, and he advised Tommy to pick
ip ad) the old pieces of board he could
‘find to practise on, and in the meantime
be made a nice pair of saawhorses for him,
on which the boards were laid when they
ware fo be out.

*Qne of the first things to remember,”
he began one day, “is not to try to saw
wet wood. Let it stand somewhere to
dry out well before you work on it, or you
will ruin your toola and your temper.

"The next thing,” he added, “is to take
care that your saw does not jam. If you
are cutting across a board, don't put it
between the horses, because when you
bear your weight on it, or the saw weakens
{t, it will either buckle in or tend to fall
off at the ends, and either way will pinch
the blade of the saw. Always saw outside
one end of the horses.

 

 

“The next thing is to start the saw right,
so that it shall not jump about and make
a lot of ugly notches in the edge of the
tlank before you get it going where you

rata.)
Wail at,

 

 

|

 

| Tho first time that Tommy tried this
| himself he got away off the line, and then

Martin showed him how to get back by
| lifting the saw eo that it cut with the

part where the blade was narrow, and

then twisting it, almost as if it were a
| compass saw. Martin made him practise
‘this getting back to the line until he could
' do it very well,

“Don't tire yourself out,” he used to
say. “Remember it is not necessary
to put pressure on a good saw. When
you hold the saw at the proper angle, so
that it is always over your mark, the
weight of the saw itself is quite enough
if the kerf is clear, eapecially if it is a rip
saw. If you don't think so, just see if
you can push the saw down once without
its cutting a good gash when there is
' nothing to it but its own weight.”

| The next thing that Martin showed

to cut with the grain as against
Tommy thought this was great sport
and he used up all the soraps from the
big saws in making ourlicue cute with
the compass saw.

The next thing Martin explained to
him was how to use a back saw in a mitre
box. The mitre box, he explained, had
three seta of slits in it, one straight across
and each pair of the others at an angle

|

|

 

|

|

|

 

 

 

 

of exactly 46 degrees. The reason it)

was called a mitre box was because one
could saw the ends of strips so that they
would make an exact mitre, like the cor-
ners of a picture frame.
ia like:

 

This is only good for sma!) work, of
course, the piece of wood to be cut being

|

 

The young folks seem to have had more

trouble with that last sentence than with
any that Aunt Mary has given them for
some time. .She thinks this was probably
because there were so few words that
could be changed in meaning. Here is
the origina:!

 

There were a good many attempts to

I TR

 

 

—

 

Dorothy's Uncle Ned had just returned |

from a trip around the world. He brought |

| her many pretty things, but the present |

| she liked Best was a little kimono, embroid- |
ered with flowers and butterflies. Dor-

othy had been very ill and was just now |

able to ait up in a chair with pillows around |

 

her. The kimono she could wear when |
| her little friends came to call, and she was |
ee proud of it. “This kimono,” Uncle |
Ned told her, “I bought from a little!
| Japanese girl, and she told me she wished |
, the honorable little American girl who|
|wore it might have happy dreams.” |
| Dorothy thought this very funny, and |

wondered about it many times. One day ;
| when she was wearing her pretty kimono,

24, 1912. —

PATSEY’S PUZZLES.

For several days poor Pateey kept away
from his friends the jokers because he was

| ashamed to meet them and confess that he

was still unable to solve that last puzzle.
But one day he met Billy on the stairs
at the studio, and as he ha! to say some-
thing he put on the best face he could
and began:

“Sure and that was a nice word you

| were after givin’ me, as if I understood

the fo eign lingo.”

“Foreign!” exclaimed Billy with a emile.
“That wasn't a foreign word. Didn't
we tell you it was the name of a town?”

“Name of a town, bhedad,” retorted
Pataey. “And me racking me brains
to find all the French I ever heard. Name
of a town,” he repeated. “And d'ye
think I'm ; fter knowing the names of all
the towns in the world?”

“But it's the name of atown in the

change the words of this one, but they did | she was looking at a book and opened to a | United States,” persisted Billy.
| Tommy how to do was to follow a crooked | Dt alter ita meaning enough. Some | page on which was thia little verse:

‘When you are going to rip a plank, line with the compass saw, and he ex- | tried to work words into places that they
start the end as close to the horse as you | plained that this aaw had teeth like a rip; Would not fit, but several got very credit-
oan, 60 that the board will not bend too | saw, because ft was used a good deal in| ble arrangements out of the twenty,
much and jump up and down with the getting into floors and had just as much | Here is one that Aunt Mary likes as well

it, | 48 any:

 

In rummaging over some of the old

This is what it | 4magrams that she made for Albert and

Edith, Aunt Mary found this one, which
ahe remembers they had very little trouble

with, as all the words are short and simple

Martin explained to Tommy that the placed inside. If the saw is placed in the}
right way to start a sawout, after you| Slits A A it will cut an angle of 4 degrees |

hid drawn a pencil line where it was to
‘and he always insisted on Tommy's
) actising on a line, instead of sawing at
ndom), was to place the point of the
thiml against the blade, like this:

 

*If you place the knuokle of the thumb
against the blade, and it jumps,” he
warned Tommy, “you will cut a few nice
little notches in your thumb nail, and they
hurt like anything.

sAlways start the out with the stiff

of the saw that is close to the handle,

9 you have a shorter and steadier

that way. Lift the saw to make the

cut, as that is easier than driving it,

the moment you get the cut started,

look along your pencil line and get the

‘ buk of your saw blade right over it, so

* tat the first few sweeps of the saw shall
ve upright and straight to the line.”

TEDDY'S TRI

A bright little chap that lives in Altoona
writes to ask if Teddy does not know of
any other numbers besides seven and
nine that will do stunta with figures.

There are a great many curious things
about certain numbers, but many of the
problems connected with them are too
intricate for boys and girls.
grow up perhaps some day you will
come across a very wonderful book
printed more than 200 years ago by a
professor of mathematics at Paris named
Ozanam, who spent his life experimenting
with numbers and making notes of their

 

peculiarities

Among the numbers which have nothing
to do with the power of nine or the mystery
of seven there is one which has the very
curious property that if you divide it
by any number from 2 to 8 there will

a.ways be a remainder, and this re-
+ malnder will always be one lees than the
number you select for your divisor. But
&8 Seon 4&8 you pass beyond ® and get
to the magic number 9 you will find that

ae rule no longer holds good, Here is
the proof:

 

‘elese 6)e39
$1961 130-5

a
.

839
27942

9

:
:

839
110-6

4)839 8)839

104547

:
:

209-3

5

839 9)83°9

16724 93-2

Teddy tried very hard to devise some
way of making a trick out of this, not
knowing that others had tried the aame
thing without result. There is nothing
{a {t that you oan aak @ person to do and

astonish them with an answer or

;
:

CKS WITH FIGU

When you,

{to the left, and if it is put into the slits
B B it will cut the same angle exactly,
but to the right, and if the two piecesjare
then put together they will make an

 

and there are only nineteen of them.

 

Out these words apart on the lines
and then arrange them to suit yourself
so as to form a sentence with a different

Little Indian, Sioux or Crow,

Little frosty Eskimo, |

Little Turk or Japanee,

Oh, don't you wish that you were me?

Dorothy wondered if the little girl who
had worn her kimono would wish to be!
in her place and she wished she could see |
her. |

“Oh,” sald Dorothy, “what beautiful |
|trees!” For all at once she was in an |
orchard of cherry trees. They were full |
of blossoms, and the ground looked as |
| though it were covered with pink tinged |
{anow. “I wonder how I got here so soon,” |
{Dorothy thought. “This is the land)
| Uncle Ned told me about. Oh, how pretty |

 

“Och, then it's easy,” remarked Pateey
with a shrug “Sure I'll take another
look at it the morn,” and then he added
cauti usly: “And hive ye not got the
hang of it yet yerselves?”

Billy assured him that they had not,
and handed him another one that they
had been worrying over since, which
Patsey stuffed into his pocket and moved
off.

The firet thing that Patsey remarked
to Mr. Pantoor when he went to the studio
that afternoon was:

“Sure that little thing I left on your
Honor's desk the other day was nothing
but the name of a town somewhere in
this country.”

({IRLS’ DAGE

 

)

 

SAMMY VISITS TOYLAND,,

 

1. OPP WITH BILI-AND-JACK.
In great astonishment Sammy looked

And then after a moment, | UP from the floor on which his wooden

| the cherry blossoms look falling all around. | with his mind still running on that bet | Tocking horse, Bill-and-Jack, had just
There is a little tea house, I know, from! about the mince pie treat, he added | thrown him.

Uncle Ned's description.” And away she
ran toa little house she saw in the distance. |

Dorothy saw a little Japanese girl |
serving tea to Japanese ladies who sat |
upon the floor. Their hair was so smooth |
and shiny she wished she could run her |
fingers over it. Then she saw a little
house across a pretty little bridge. She
walked over the bridge, looking around
as she went. She saw green on every
side, with the pretttest little houses peep-
ing out from between the vines and trees,
And there were the tiniest little islands
in the river under the bridge, with very
smaii bridges comméecting thom. And
| very little houses were on the islands, and
| tiny Japanese men and women were walk-
{ing to and fro.

Dorothy thought she would like to play
with them. She continued her walk

 

exact right angle. If the saw is placed in| meaning from this one, but be sure to| across the bridge and went up the bank
the elits C © it will cut straight across, | se all the words and not to add any of | to a little house she saw among the trees.

much more accurately than you can saw
by following a pericil line.

“As it is the forward push of the saw
that cuts,” old man [Martin fexplained to
Tommy, “you {must fhold fyour work
against the far side of the mitre bor,fwith
your thumb inside, so that the push of
the saw will be against the back of the
mitre box.”

-

 

To do good work with a mitre box
Tommy soon found that it had to he
fastened down in some way, or else be so
placed that he could push against some-
| thing with it to keep it from slipping
| away from him. Bt
| Martin told him. the best way was to
| clamp it into the bench vise, when he get
| one, or to screw it down to the bench
through the bottom, but the easiest way
was to nail a couple of Btrips on each side
; of the mitre box, and then all thejstrength
of the hands could be used for holding
the work and doing the sawing.

 

 

 

RES

| something of that kind. The figures
| 839 are just a curiosity and that is all.
| But here is a trick that Teddy never
| found any one able to do unless he were
| allowed to take it home with him and
| Spend a good deal of time over it. It
| may be a little too hard for some of the
boys and girls that read Tne Sun, but
-it is a very interesting trick just the
same.

Take the nire digits, each written on
a piece of paper if you have lost the set
that were printed in THE Sun for you
some time ago, and arrange them in the
form of a fraction, like this:

9263
1s sb 834

If you will look at this a moment you
will see that it represents one-half, the
numerator on the top line being just half
as much as the denominator on the bottom
line.

Now let us see if you can arrange these
nine digits, with four of therr in the top
line and five in the bottom dne, so that
they shall represent one-third instead
of one-half. Then try if you can make
them represent one-quarter, and tl.en
one-fifth and finally one-sixth.

In doing this remember that you must
use all the digits from 1 to 9 each time and
that you must always have four figures
in the top rqw and five in the bottom rowy
and that the answer must always be a
fraction that shall represent an exact
| part and not merely something near it.
| If you cannot do them all send in as
many as you can doto the Boys’ and Girls’
| Page before next Friday and let us see
which boy or girl can get the largest
number of these fractions correctly
worked out.

EE

Pet Woodchuck Good “Ratter.”
Williams port correapondence North American,
A pet woodchuck at the home of Johnnie

|
'

 

Hughes of Cascade catches mice and rats
with the success and agility of a cat,

It was its association with a eat that
taught the chuck to become a “ratter."
|The eye of the animal and its scent appear
| to be more acute than even a cat's, It will

lie for half an hour at a rat hole and wait
for the rat to appear. It is generally sure
death to the rat when the chuck makes a
dive.

 

your own.

When it is done sign your name to ff
and send it to the Boys’ and Girla' Page
and if Aunt Mary thinks it is a good ana-
gram you will find your name in Tre
Scn next Sunday.

SOME OLD CONUNDRUMS.

In these days of rush and bustle most
of the riddles are very short and usually
depend for their mystery upon some play
on words. But a hundred years ago
people were not in such a hurry and they
liked something that they could read
more than once and linger over.

Here isan old favorite which has probably
bothered your grandfather and grand-

Just as she was entering a dainty little

Japanese girl met her, and she wore a

kimono just like the one Uncle Ned

brought to her. “Oh,” said Dorothy,

“you have a kimono just like mine. I

do wish I had worn mine 80 you could see
are just alike.”

But the little girl shook her head. ‘No,
honorable lady,” she said, “there is not
another like mine in the world. My|
{honorable grandmother made this, andj}

tit is the only one of its kind.” But Dor-
othy knew better.

The little girl invited her to enter, and
| stepped backward, bowing very low.
“Oh, what beautiful chrysanthemums!”
exclaimed Dorothy, as she saw a jar
almost as tall as a man filled with the yel-

apologetically: “I hqught
would help your Honor a bit.”
“If that is what it is perhape I can figure
it out for you to-morrow,” Mr. Pantoor
remarked encouragingly,
went off highly deligh
That evening when he got home he
found the other puzzle in his pocket,

which he had forgotten all about, so next | Where. Let’s go off on a trip, Sammy.

morning when Mr. Pantoor arrived at
his desk he found one of his manikins
on its knees in front of another card,
apparently scratching ite head and try-
ing to make out what this might be:

  

“That one looks easier,” he remarked | it was about time to give his nephew
to himself as he began opening his letters, | some idea of what he called “action.

mother in the days when they were chil- low and white flowers. Then the little| and then as an idea seemed to strike him

dren just like you, long, long ago:

No body I have,
No food I e’er crave, \

And yet of long legs I have two, *}.s
Yet I never walk oi
And I never talk;

Then what does my no body do?

If you move me, then I
Move most pliantly,

And my feet always serve me for hands;
1] gather up all,
The great and the small,

As my master or mistress commands.

If you straddle me wide
I then cannot ride, °

And this for the best of all reasons;
That nothing I've got
On which I can trot

In winter or in summer seasons,

Although you may stare,
This is all, I declare;

So now, tell nty name if you can;
I'll further make known
In the same honest tone

I'm neither child, woman, nor man,

Here is a little riddle that used to puz-
zle some of the tots that played along
Canal street when that part of New York
was nothing but a meadow:

Suppose there was a cat in each corner
of the room, a cat sitting opposite each
cat, a cat looking at each cat and a cat
sitting on each cat's tail.
cats would there be in that room?

MIGRATORY BIRDS.

All those beautiful herring gulls that
you see flying about the harbor these days

will soon be off home again, The home
of a bird is the place wHere it builds its
nest, and the herring gulls build their |

nests away up north, on the coasta of
Maine and Canada, Although they have

been away for months and some of them |

never left home before, they can all find
their way back to the nest from which
they came,

Many of the birds that have their home
here are now enjoying themselves down
south, and some of them go as far as
South America, The swallows and the
robins and the rest of them will soon be
back again and will start building their

Pats.
= If you have a home in the country you
will find that some of the birds are alreacy
stuffing straws and bite of atring ana
cloth behind the shutters, ready to build.
The return of the migrato virds is one
of the surest signs of spring.

Potato tn a Swindling Trick.
From the Chicago Inter Ocean,

Mrs Henrietta Ballou of Lexington street
asked the Fillmore street police yesterday
to search for the swindler. She said she
lost a diamond brooch valued at $50 and a
pair of gold eyeglasses

"Good atternoon, lady
Jewelry
said th
potato,

Mrs. Ballou admitted the man and gave
him her brooch to “clean,”

Taking a potato out of bis overcoat
pocket and cutting a hollow in it with

: I can clean your
and make it look as good as new.”
e man, “All | use is an ordinary

re |

How many |

girl clapped her hands, and a servant ap-

| peared with tea on a shiny tray. Dor-
othy tried to sit as the little girl did, but
she could not tuck her feet under her as
she did, and the cup did not have a handle,
so Dorothy watched her little hostess.
| But she could not pick up her cup as she
| did. “Oh, dear, my legs are cramped,”
said Dorothy after a while, “can't I walk
about?” But when she tried to get up she
felt very awkward, for the little Japanese
| girl arose very gracefully. They walked |
| out upon the balcony, and there Dorothy
saw the most beautiful waterfall, and
above that were little temples with queer
figures on them, just as Uncle Ned had
| told her.

She walked back to the little room
where the chrysanthemums were and
then she noticed that there were no chairs
in the room. There was matting upon
the floor and funny little stools. Dorothy
was glad she did not live in a country where

‘there were no chairs to sit upon. Then
she thought of the lines in the book,
“Little Turk or Japanee, don't you wish
that you were me?” And just then the |
strangest thing happened. All the chry- |
santhemums began to nod their heads. One |
was her mother and another her father |
and one was Uncle Ned. And there was |

 

 

her white capped nurse, and here she was |"diculoua than when you remark to a|);

sitting in her chair with the pillows around |
jher. And the nurse said: “You must |
| drink this now.”

Her father laughed and said: ‘You |
must have had a pleasant dream; you |
were smiling in your sleep.” Dorothy |

Japanese girl who sold him her kimono |

her mother say: “We must not talk in
here again; it is too much excitement for
her just now.”

But Dorothy was glad she had seen the
little girl who had wished “the honorable
| little American girl happy dreams,” and
hopes that some day she may visit her
again.

 

TWO GREAT FORCES.

There are two great forces which are
always at work in the world. One of |
these is gravitation, which was discovered
by Sir Isaac Newton. This is the force
that tends to make heavier bodies attract
‘lighter ones in proportion to their size,
| The earth is so much bigger and heavier
than anything on it that ita attraction
quite overcomes the smaller attractions
of things for each other, and this attrac-
tion of gravity reaches everything,
whether it be solid, liquid or gas.

But there is anather force, equally im-

portant and much stronger, and that is
|cohesion. Some things, such as water,
have very little cohesion and that is why
| shine move through it so easily. The
vapor of water, steam, has no cohesion
jat all,

If you pick up a atick you must over-

 

 

 

is | come the force of gravity in order to lift} One family had forty.

| neck?”

 

he smiled, took down the card and wrote | used to say, “unless you can draw figures
something on the back of it. He had|that have some life in them, and the

found the answer!
What was it?

A BOAT DICTIONARY.

 

Now that the spring and summer are}

coming on and you will soon be out in
the air and probably near the water a
good deal there will be many times that you
would like to know the names of the vari-
ous marine craft that you see and their
parts. While it may not seem to make
much difference whether you get the name
just right it sounds very odd to those
who know better, and of course you do
not want to be laughed at.

Suppose a boy were to ask you, “Is
that a good saddle that horse has on his
You would probably look at the
horse to see if the boy did not mean the
collar, aAd when you saw it was not a
harness horse at all you would probably
laugh at the boy and tell him, “That is
not the horse's neck. That's his back.”
Then you would probably tell the story
to other boys to show what a silly little
boy that was who asked you the question.

But such a mistake would be no more

person who knows ali about boats: “One
of the yachts in the race had to take down

its jib, it blew so hard,” when it was not dead. There is no action. No one is

the jib at all, but the fore staysail.
“How should I know that?” you say.
How do you know that a horse's back

told Uncle Ned that she had seen the little | is not called its neck? The one mistake | Charley.

is funny to you because you know better.

and had tea with her. And then she heard | Your mistake is just as funny to others | nig uncle.

when they know better.

Here is a picture of an ordinary yacht, | gee if I can explait to you the first prin-
which is called a sloop, because it has) ciple of action in making a picture. No

only one mast and carries a bowsprit.
Any boat that is used for pleasure and is
of reasonable size may be called a yacht,
but every yacht is not a sloop, just as
every sloop is not a cutter,

  

How many of the saile on this sloop

can you name correctly, so that a pe
who was a sailor would know which sail
you were talking about?

Doll Census of a Kansas Town.
From the Kaneae City Journal.

At Sabetha a doll census was taken.
There were dolls

maybe that | ‘

and Patsey reply.

“Hello! Why, what's got into old Bill-
nd-Jack? He never acted this way

| before,” he said.

“Hello, yourself, Sammy!" was the
80 surprising that Sammy fell back
again in amazement. “Any eelf-reapect- |
ing horse would get tired of rocking
back and forth and never getting any-

The voloe must have come from the
horse. .No one else was around, and
Sammy at last regained breath enough to
answer:

“W-w-where could we g-g-g0?"
* *Toy land,” replied Bill-and-Jack prano-
ing. “Where all the toys come from, you
know.”

“Could we? How?" Sammy was doubt-

Easy enough. Just hop onto my
back, old fellow. Now twist my right
ear and hold on tight.”

In great excitement Sammy followed
directions, eager to see what would hap-
pen. ‘Nothing, of course,” he thought;
then again, “Now, maybe—how do I

“Off we gol cried Bill-and-Jack, and
Sammy had the feeling of being lifted
in the air on the horse's back.

 

 

CHARLEY’'S

 

n>

 

Sombhow they had got out of the win
dow and were sailing high above the
housetops. Sammy gasped and grabbed
the mane tighter. Looking down, he
could see people walking in the streets;
but they did not seem to see him or te
notice the strange sight of a flying horse—
a wooden rocking horse at that. It was
as good as being in an airship, Sammy
thought when he gained courage to look
around more.

Still old Bill-and-Jack mounted higher
in the air, and now they were among the
gray, damp clouds and Sammy began
to shiver with cold. Soon the clouds
closed in about them until the little boy
could barely see the horse's ears and
he became frightened.

“O Bill-and-Jack, take me ho-ome!*
he cried. Sammy called his rocking
horse Bill-and-Jack because he liked both
names and because the horse was big
enough for two horses besides.

“Steady, Sammy! We're almost there.”
The voice was very comforting and
Sammy took courage again.

Suddenly the clouds parted and Sammy
could look down upon the prettiest coun-
try he ever saw, with fields of bright
green and yellow, woods of dark gray.
fences of brown and red, shiny white
roads and houses of every color Sammy
knew. Most of the houses had red roofs
and a few had tall, pointed spires.

“Here we land!” cried Bill-and-Jaoki

 

CRAYONS —

 

The next time that Uncle Ben came
round seo how Charley was getting
along with his drawing lessons he thought

“There's nothing to it, my boy,” he

way to put life into things is to make them
move.”

“But how can a drawing move?” ques-
tioned Charley. “I see a picture of a
man going toruna sword through another
man, and ever so long afterward, when
I go back to the picture gallery, the man
is still going to doit. He never does it.”

“But how do you know he was going to
run the sword through the other man?”
demanded Uncle Ben with a laugh.
“How do you know he wasn't putting it
back in ite sheath?”

“Why, you could see ft in the picture
of course,” answered Charley, as if the
question were idle.

“Exactly!” rejoined his undle. “What
you saw in the picture was action. A
drawing cannot move, as you say, but
there are certain ways of expressing
action whioh you must learn if you ever
hope to draw anything that will interest
anybody, because it is this secret of action
that makes al! the difference bstween
a picture and a pen and ink drawing.”

“But aren't pen and ink drawings pio-
tures, just the same as paintings?” asked
Charley.

“Some are and some are not,” explained
s uncle. “You will sometimes sée a
picture in which each figure is perfectly
drawn, but the whole shooting match is

going to stick a sword through any one
else.”
“I don't care for that kind,” remarked

“Of course you don't, my boy,” agreed
“No healthy boy does. Now
give me one of those crayons and let me

matter if you have only ten lines in it
if there is action in it it is alive, and
it will make some one feel just what you
fee] when you draw it.”

Taking a crayon and a piece of paper
Uncle Ben proceeded to make a little
offhand sketch like this:

 

“Now I want you to tell me what those
men are doing,” he demanded, laying
down his crayon.

“Why, they are resting on their oare and
talking to each other of course,” was the

| prompt response.

“Not a bit of it, retorted Uncle Ben,
just as promptly. “They are rowing a
race for the championship of the world
and the fellow that is behind is looking
round to see whether the man that's ahead
ia winded or not.” {

“My, but they're taking it easy just the

panei ene: re care article you want to ‘it; but although you take hold of only 2} Soret. There, Pay ore eke ‘dolls oe et ee . “oe
clean into (he potato and leave it there for | one part of it the whole of the stick comes | 50, 40 and 25 years old. “Taking it eas nothin, * sniffed Uncle
> oe ante nts you take wit parece our with it, because the force of cohesion ia} one doll wel hed 3 $ pounds, one was nen Lak, “Bvery eae in aie ue
to find how a brisk rubbing will clean it, | stronger than the force of gravity. If it and a half’ inches and fives in a but is strained to the utmost; but you don't
You must leave your broooh in the potato | were not, gravity would reduce every-| box. One doll nad come down the ire
for fifteen minutes at least. ‘thing to powder and the surface of the | escape at the poh house, A r qe, think so because I have chosen to draw
ven Mra. Ballou investigated fafter he ears old, & oy . The | them when they were both at the middle
left all she found was the hollow potato, | wld would be perfectly level. doll census Was taken y two 60 iris, | of the stroke instead of at either end of

it. You must acknowledge that an cars
man gets to that exact position at one part
of the stroke, and why shouldn't they both
get there together, as I have it in the
picture?”

“I suppose it’s all right,” sighed Char-
ey, “but I would never in the world have
guessed they were racing.”

“And you are quite right, my boy,” ex-,
plained his uncle, “because there is no
action in the picture. Now let me show
you the difference,” and taking up the,
crayon again Uncle Ben drew this:

_ x.
eee
eno — Seo a
_— — ——
an
> —"~
~ eo ae ne.  o
- ~ -”

—

“Gee, but they're going some now!”
was Charley's first remark upon this.
“Not the slightest change,” Uncle
Ben assured him, “except that I have
represented them at a different part of
the stroke. Now whenever you want
to represent action, remember this firat
principle:

“Always draw the extreme.”

“I don't quite catch that,” remarked
Charley, looking doubtful.

“What I mean is, whatever the motion
you wish to represent, when you make
a drawing of it, draw the limit. When
you saw that picture in the gallery I'll
bet that fellow had his sword drawn
back as far as it would go and you felt
it was coming forward good and strong.
“If you want to draw the pendulum
of a clock that is going you don't make
it hang straight down, but show it at
one end of the swing, although we all
know that it does hang straight down
at one part of each beat.”

“If you drew it hanging down it would
be a picture of a olook that had stopped,
wouldn't it?” inquired Charley.
“Exactly!” agreed his uncle; “just
as you thought those fellows had stopped
rowing to talk to each other. Now here
is a little sketoh,” he went on, “of a boy
running, with his legs in one of the po-
sitions that they are in at each etride,
and another withthis legs in‘another poal-

tion during tne stride,” and Uncle Ben
drew this: ‘

 

his
“But
in the other he looks as if he was geting
some.”

“But there is no change except tn the
position of the and arms,” remarked
his uncle, “The