4
b

 

  
 

oe

An Essay on Base Running—How a Club of Good

Runners Is Likely

Pitcher Win Than a Batting Order of Hard
Hitters—Stealing to Second Is an Art in Tak-

ing Chances

(Copyright, 1912, by Christy Mathewson),

Many times have the crowds at e
Polo Grounds seen a man get on first
base in a close game and with the pitch-
er'a motion start to steal second, only
to have the catcher throw him out. The
epectators groan and criticise the mana-
ger

“Why didn’t he wait for the hitters to
bat him around?” is the cry.

Then, again, a man starts for the base,
times his getaway just right, and slide:
into the bag in a cloud of dust, while th
umpire epreads out his hands, indicating
that he is eafe. The crowd cheers an
proclaims McGraw a great manager and
the stealer a great base runner

Maybe the next batter comes along with
a hit, and the runner scores. It wins th
game, and mention is made in the papers
the next morning of the fast base running
of the club. A man has covered ninety
feet of ground while the ball is travelling
from the pitcher to ihe catcher and back
to the fielder who is guarding second
hase. It is the most important ninet’
feet in baseball. From second base jus
one hit scores the runner. Stealing sec-
ond, one of the most picturesque plays of
the game, is the gentle art of taking a
chance.

Last season the Giants stole moré bases
than any other big league club has had
to its credit since the Pirates established
the record in 1908. Devore, Snodgrass,
Murray, Merkle and Doyle, once they sot
on the bases, were like loose mercury
They couldn't be caught. And McGraw
atole hia way to a pennant with this quin-
tet of runners, not alone because of the
number of bases they pilfered, but be
cause of the edge it gave the Giants on
the reat of the clubs with men with base
stealing reputations on the team.
should say that holding these runners up

on the bases and worrying about what |

thev were going to do reduced the effi-
diancy of opposing pitchers one-third

It wasn't the speed of the men that
accounted for the record. A eprinter
may get into the big league and never
eteal a base. But it was the McGraw
aystem added to natural ability.

“Get the atart,”
*Half of base stealing is leaving the bag
at the right time. Know when you have
a good lead and then never stop until you
have hit the dirt.”

It is up to the pitcher as much as the

catcher to stop base stealing, for once a |

club etarts stealing bases on another at
will the bate might as well be packed
up and the game conceded. Pitchers
make a study of the individual runners
and their style of getting starts. In my
mind, I know just how much of a lead
every base runner in the National
League can take on me with impunity.

Bob Bescher of the Cincinnati club
was the leading, bright, particular base-
stealing star of the organization last
season, and the secret of his success was
in his start. He tries to get as big a
lead as possible with each pitch, and
then, when he means to leave, he edges a
couple of feet further, catching the pitcher
unawares. With the two extra feet
Bescher is bound to get to second base
at the same time as the bali, and no
catcher in the world can stop him. There-
fore, it ie up to the pitcher to keep him
from getting this estart--the two more
feet he seeka. '

1 know that Bescher can take ten feet
from the bag when | am pitching and
get back safely. But I know that, if he
makes his lead twelve feet and I notice
it, ean probably catch him. Asa good
ribbon salesman constantly has in his
mind's eye the answer to the question:
“How far is a yard?” so I have the re-
ply to how far Bescher can lead and get
back when he is on first base If I glance
over and see him twelve feet away from
the bag and about to start, I turn and

WESTWARD'S OWNER
WANTS A SKIPPER

 

Famous Schooner May Not Be in
Commission This Season
Because of This.

YACHTS NOW FITTING OUT

Karina to Sail May 15 to Try and Lower
Transatlantic Record—Chal-
lenge Cup Races.

Barty in the winter yachtamen were
looking forward with much pleasure to
another series of races this year between
the schooners Westward and Elena ‘The
Westward, a keel boat, was built for the
European rule in 1910, and after a successful
season abroad was brought back to these
waters and sailed against the Elena, a new
centreboard yacht built last year for Mor-
ton F, Plant
sailed so closely that at the end of the season
no one could determine which was the

reiterates MoGraw. |

In these races the two yachts

 

to Do More to Help a

 

JES THE BIG

SUN,
]@ quick throw would have caught him. | As Murray hits the bag he comes up on| It takes some time for a new part to work | deavors to discover new ways to stop
' It was bad baseball, but he was nervous | his feet and is in a position to start for, into a clock so that it keeps perfect time! base running. Merkle and I worked out

SUNDAY, MARCH

2,

a

1912.

UERS 6 SHRISIY MATHEWSON

with the intense strain and overeager! the next station in case of any fumble or | again, no matter how delicate is the ai-| a play during the spring training season

to Rcore

Then tame the time when he took a|to advantage against young players, who | infielder takes time to fit into the infield
‘longer lead than any other, and Lapp, | are inclined to be timid when they see| of a big league club.
the Athletic catcher, seeing him, was | those spikes. It’s all part of the game as,
; Sure he was going to steal, and in his! it is played in the large leagues.

hurry to get the ball away and save the |

slip. He is a great man to use this slide

The Boston team was trying out a young

justment of the new part. So the best | last year which caught perhaps a dozen
men off first base before the other teams

began to watch for the trick. And it
Fred Merkle is one of the few ball; wasn’t original with me. I got the idea
players who still prefer the head first|from Patsy Flaherty, a Boston pitcher.
slide, and he sticks to it on only certain, who has his salary wing fastened to his

game let it pass him. Snodgrass had | player two years ago. Murray remarked | occasions. He is the best man to steal, left side.

the jump then and probably would have |
made the base had he kept on going, but |

to McGraw before the game:
“The first time I get on I bet I can make

third base playing ball to-day. Hede-{ Flaherty would pitch over to first base
| clares that when he is going into the! quickly, and the fielder would shoot the

 

 

«
.
e
e
expected, as two were out.
was aware of this, too.
McGinnity was pitching, and with }.
motion Clarke got his start. Bresti)qn
drew back his arm as if to throw 11 ano.
‘ond, and true to form, Leach was on tis
{ way to the plate. But Bresnahan jad
not let go of the ball, and he shot i: ;,,
Devlin, Leach being run down in the
base line and the Pittsburg club event);.

ally losing the game.
Again and again Leach fell for this

Bresnahan

 

throw and catch him flat-footed, The | ® had no orders to steal and had turned | that fellow fumble and pick up an extra} bag he can see better by shooting his, ball back. Then Flaherty would pop one | bluff throw until the news spread around

crowd laughs at him and says: |
* “Bescher asleep at the switch again!” |

The real truth ia that Bescher was not |
asleep, but trying to get that old jump |
which would have meant the stolen base.
Again he takes the twelve feet, and I
don't notice it. He gets started with my |
ae and goes into the bag ahead of the

all.

“Great base runner,” comments the
the crowd.

Bescher has only accomplished what
he was trying to do before, but he has
gotten away with it this time. Being a
great ball player is the gentle art of get-
ting away with it.

Spectators at a ball game often wonder
why a pitcher wearies them with throw-
ing over to the firat base many times
when it is plain to see that he has no}
chance of catching his quarry. Bill!
Dahlen used to be one of the best men |
in the game for getting back to the base |
;8ome way, employing a straddle slide |
;and just hooking the bag with his toe, |

leaving “a shoe string to touch.” The |
result was that he was always handing
| the pitcher the laugh as he brushed him-
| self off, for none can say but what Dahlen
was an immaculate ball player.

But the pitchers found out that they
could tire Dahlen out by repeatedly
throwing over to the bag, and that after
| five throws, which required five dasties
and slides back to the bag on his part,
he was all in and couldn't steal because
he didn't have the physical atrength
left. Thus as soon as Dahlen got on the
| bases a pitcher began throwing over
| until he had him tired out, and then he
| pitched to the batter. So Bill crossed
| them by living on the bag until he thought
he saw his opportunity to get the jump,
and then he would try to steal.
| Few good base runners watch the hall
| after they have once left the bag. They
| look at the baseman to see how he is

playing and make the slide accordingly.

If Devore sees Huggins of Cincinnati
| behind the base he slides in front and

pulls his body away from the bag so
that he leaves the smallest possible area
|to touch. If he flashes the baseman cut-
| ting inside to block him off, he goes be-
| hind and hooks it with just one toe, again
| presenting the minimum touching sur-
|face. If the ball is hit while the runner

 

 

at the coacher on the third base line and
jean tell by his motion whether to turn
| hack or to continue.

McGraw devotes half his time and
| energy in the apring to teaching his meh
| base running and the art of sliding, which
jwhen hichly cultivated means being

there with one toe and somewhere else
with the rest of the body. But most of
all he impresses on the athletes the neces-
| sity of getting the start before making
| the attempt to steal. As long as 1 ive
| I shall believe that if Snodgrass had
| known he had the jump in the third game
| of the world’s series when he really had
;it and if he had taken advantage of it
we would have won the game and pos-
| sibly the championship. It was in the
contest that Baker balanced by banging
the home run into the right fleld bleachers
in the ninth inning when I was pitching
| That tied the score, 1 to 1

lor nine innings I had been pitching
| myself out, putting everything that I had
! on every ball, because the team gave me no
| lead to work on. When Baker pushed

that ball into the bleachers’ with
| only two more men to get out to win the
game I was all in. But I managed to
| live through the tenth with very little
| on the ball, and we came to the bat. Snod-
| grass got a base on balls and journeyed
to second on a sacrifice. He was taking
a big lead off the middle base with the
| pitcher’s motion and running back be-

| fore the catcher got the ball, because

 

 

 

 

 

and Mr. Cochran has been unable to find
one to take hia place
Several good racing akippers hare been
suggested to Mr. Cochran and It Is possible
; that he will be able to find one who will do
jjJustice to hia yacht. There are many
| young men who have had lotaof experience
with small racing yeahta, but there are
| Feally few first clans skippers on this side
| of the Atlanticwho have done much racing
‘In first class yachts, and should another
rave for the America's cup be arragned it
| might be hard to find the right man to snail
| the defender
| ‘The few warm days of laat week stimu-
{lated many yachtsmen to make prepara-
tions for the season. It does not take much

{to start yachtsmen going and as soon as |

there are any signs of the winter breaking
covers are ripped off and the work of fitting
out begine. With a amall craft this is some-
tines a dangerous thing to do, because
when there ina fine warm spell at this time
of the year it is usually followed by more
frost and storms, and then all the pre-
Iiminary work has to be done over again
and it ts possible that the hull of the vessel
exposed to the storms may be injured and
require considerable fixing. With a larve
yacht things are different. There is ‘so
much work to be done in the interlor that
the crews can work under cover and the
outside fitting can be left until the weather
lis really settled. Work has already been
| started on some of the larger yachts

jbark rigged auxiliary Aloha, owned

 

by

better, and in the total times for all races | former Commodore Arthur Curtiss James,
ata only few seconds separated the | !# at Newport and will start to fit eut April
1.

two
Elena is to fit out early and be in charge
again of Capt. Dennis Westward too

was to be fitted out and to have raced all
through the season, but now comes a rumor

that she will not be in commission and |

that Mate Harry Klyfve is to eall with
Capt. W.S. Dennis on the Elena.
Klyfve has been in charge of the Weat-

ward since she was laid up at City Island | three masted schooner Karina is fitting out |

at the close of the last racing season. Mr

Charles N. Nelson's steamer \Xarifa
\is now fitting out at Port Jefferson. The
ateamer O-We-Ra, owned by Frederick HH.

Stevens, has been chartered again by Nelson |

|W. Aldrich and is now being overhauled
| Cyrus H. K,
| fittIng outat Camden, Me, and will come
| to this port about April 1

Kobert FE

Former Commodore Tod's

fat the yards of her builders, the Staten

jhe would have made the bag without

After losing that game, after watch-

is en route he takes one quick been neatly cut into thirds, a cut

Curtis's steamer Vydonia is!

second when he saw Lapp lose the ball.
Again he turned and retraced his steps, |
and I never saw a man turn so slowly
simply because I realized how important
a turn that was. Next I looked at Lapp
and saw him picking up the ball, which
had rolled only about three feet behind
him. He snapped it to third and had
Snodgrass by several feet. Snodgrass
realized this as he plunged down the
baseline, but he couldn't stop and per-
mit himself to be tagged and he couldn't
go back, 60 he made that historio slide
which was heard around the world, cut
off several yards of Frank Baker's trou-
sers, and, more important than the dam-
aged trousers, lost us the game,
Snodgrass had the jump in his first
start, and if he had kept right on going

the aid of the passed ball, in my opinion.
But he didn't know that he had this ad-
vantage and was on his way back when
it looked for a minute as if the Athletics’
eatcher had made a mistake. This
really turned out to be “the break” in
the game, for it was on that passed bal!
that Snodgrass was put out. He'd
probably have scored the run which
would have won the game had he lived
either on second or third base, for a hit
followed.

ing that opportunity thrown away, some
fan called me on the telephone that night,
when I was feeling in anything but a
conversational mood, and asked me:

“Was that passed ball this afternoon
part of the Athletics’ inside game?
Lapp do it on purpose?”

In passing I want to put in a word for
Snodgrass, not because he is a team-
mate of mine, but on account of the
criticism which he received for spiking
Baker and which was not deserved. And
in that word I do not want to detract
from Baker's reputation, if I could, for
he is a great ball player. But I want to
say that if John Murray had ever been
called upon to slide into that bag with
Baker playing it as he did, Baker would
probably have been found cut in halves,
and only Murray's own style of coasting
would have been responsible for it. If
Fred Clarke of Pittaburg had been the
man coming in, Baker would probably

Did

eS A

with each foot.

Clarke is known as one of the most
wicked sliders in the National League.
He jumps into the air and spreads his
feet apart, showing his spikes as he
comes in. The Giants were playing in
Pittsburg several years ago, before I
was married, and there was a friend at
the ball park with whom I was partic-
ularly eager to make a hit. The game
was closo, as are all contesta which lend
themselves readily to an anecdote, and
Clarke got as far as third base in the
eighth inning, with the score tied and
two out. Warner, the Giants’ catcher,
let one get past him and I ran in to cover
the plate. Clarke came digging for hoine,
and as I turned to touch him he slid
and cut my trousers off, never touch-
ing my legs. It was small consolation
to me that my legs were atill whole and
that the umpire had called him out and that !
the game was yet saved. My love for}
my art is keen, but it stopa at a certain
point, and that point is where I have to|
send a hurry call for a barrel and the)
team's tailor. The players made a sort
of group around me while I did my Lady
Godiva act from the plate to the bench.

Murray has the ideal slide for a base
gatherer, but one which commands the

; and taken a step or two back toward | base.”

“Theatre tickets for the crowd on Sat-
urday night?” inquired McGraw.

“You've said it,” answered Murray.

Along about the second or third inning
John walked and started for second on
the first ball pitched. The busher came
in to cover the base and Murray leaped
clear of the ground and yelled:

“Look out!”

The newcomer evidently thought that
Murray had lost contro! of his legs, got
one look at those spikes, and bent all his
energies toward dodging them, paying no
attention whatever to the ball, which
continued its unmolested journey to
centre field. The new man proved to be
one of the best little dodgers I ever saw.
John was in perfect position to start
and went along to third at his leisure.

“Didn't I call the turn?” Murray yelled
at McGraw as he came to the bench.

“What show do you want to see?”
asked McGraw.

But on an old campaigner this show
of spikes has no effect whatever. The
capable basemen in the league. know
how to cover the bag so as to get the
runner out and still give him room to
come in without hurting any one. In
spite of an impression that prevails to
the contrary, ball players never spike a
man on purpose. Right now I don't be-
lieve there {is a runner in the National
League who would cut down another
man if he had an opportunity. If one
man does spike another accidentally he
is heartily sorry, and often such an event
affects his own playing and his base
running ability.

The feet first slide is now more in vogue
in the big leagues than the old head first
coast, and I attribute this to two causes.
One is that the show of the spikes is a
sort of assurance that the base runner
is going to have room to come in to the
bag, and the second is that the great
amount of armor which a catcher wears
{n these latter days makes some ‘such
formidable slide necessary when coming
into the plate. ‘

If a base runner hita a catcher squarely
with his shin guards on he is likely to
break a leg, and he must be sure that the
catcher is going to give him a clear path.
Some catchers block off the place so
that a man has got to shoot his spikes
at them to get through, and I'm not saying
that it's bad catching, because that is
the way to keep a man from scoring.
Make him go around if possible.

But the game has changed in the last
few years as far as intentional spiking
goes. Many a time when I first started
with the Giants I have heard a base runner
shout at a fielder:

“Get out of the way there or I'll cut
you in two!’

And he would not have hesitated to do
that. It was part of the game. But
nowadays if a player got the reputation
of cutting men down and putting star
players out of the game purposely he
would soon bé driven out of the league,
probably on a stretcher.

When John Hummel of the Brooklyn
club spiked Doyle in 1908 and greatly
lessened the Giants’ chances of winning
the pennant, which the olub ultimately
lost, he came around to our club house
after the game and inquired for Larry.
When he found how badly Doyle was
cut he was as broken up as any member
of our team. p

“If I'd known I was goin’ to cut you,
Larry, I wouldn't have slid,” he said.

“That's all right,” answered Doyle.
“I guess I was blockin' you.”

Ball players don't say much in a situa-

| head first and that he can swing his body; through to the batter. often catching
| away from the base and just hook it with him off his guard and sneaking a strike
one finger nail, leaving that to touch. | over besides leaving the runner flat on
And he keeps his nails clipped short in; the ground in the position in which he
season, 80 that there is very little exposed had been when he slid back to the bag.
to which the ball can be applied. If he} If the batter hit the ball, the runner
sees that the third baseman is playing‘ was in no attitude to get a start, and
inside the bag, he goes behind it and! on an outfield tap it was easy to make a
hooks it with his finger, and if the man is | double play.

playing back he cuts through in front,} The next time that the man got off

pulling his body away from the play.
But the common or garden variety of
player will take the hook alide, feet first,
because he can catch the bag with one
leg and the feet aren't as tender a portion

base, Flaherty would shoot the ball over
to first as before, and the runner would
be up on his feet and away from the bag,
expecting him to throw it to the plate.
But as the first baseman whipped it back

quick, Flaherty returned the ball and the
runner was caught flat-footed and made
to look foolish. Ball players do cer-
tainly hate, to appear ridiculous, and
the laugh from the crowd upsets a big
leaguer more than anything else, even a
call from McGraw, beoause the crowd
cannot hear that and doesn't know he is
looking foolish on the bench.

It was almost impossible to steal bases
on Patsy Flaherty. He had the men
hugging the bag all the time, and if he
had had other essentials of a pitcher
he would have been a greatone. He even
lived in the big league for some time,
with this quick throw as his only asset.
I adopted the Flaherty movement, but
it is harder for a right hander to use,
as he is not in such a good position to
whip the ball to the bag. Merkle and I
rehearsed it in spring practice. As ston
base runners he knows that every time} as a man got on first base I popped the
a player with a stealing reputation geta| ball over to Merkle, and without even
on and there is an outside chance of him, making a stab at the runner he shot it
scoring the run is going to be hung up. jto me. Then back again just as the run-
The tallies give a pitcher confidence to ; ner had let go of the bag and was getting

proceed. Then, when the club has the,up. The theoretical result: He was
reputation of possessing a great bunch , caught flat-footed. Sometimes it worked.
of base runners, the other pitcher is wor- | Then they began to play for me.

ried all the time and has to devote about Another play on which the changes
half his energies to watching the bases. have often been rung is the double steal
This makes him easier to hit. with men on first and third bases. That

But put a hard hitter who is a slow base ' is MoGraw's favorite situation in a crisis.
runner on the club, and he does little good. | “Somebody's got to look foolish on the
There used to be a man on the Giante} play,” says Mao, “and I don't want to

named Charley Hickman who played| furnish any laughs.”

third base and then the outfield. He was} The old way to work it was to have
one of the best natural hitters who ever |the man on first start for second as if
wormed a way into baseball, but when he ;he were going to make a straight steal.
| got on the bases were blocked. He|Then as soon as the catcher draws his
couldn't run, and it took a hit to advance ,arm back to throw the runner on third
him a base. Geta fast man on behind him, | starts home. No big league club can
and because the rules of the game do not | have a look into the pennant set without
permit one runner to pass another it was| trying to interrupt the journey of that
ltke having a freight train preceding the| man going to second in a tight place,
Twentieth Century Limited on a single | because if no play is made for him and
track road. Hickman wasn't so slow when |a hit follows it nets the club two runs

of the anatomy to be roughly touched as
the head and shoulders.

A club of base runners will do more
to help a pitcher win than a batting order
of hard hitters, I believe. Speed is the
great thing in the baseball of to-day.
By speed I do not mean that good men
must be sprinters alone. They must be
fast starters, fast runners and fast think-
ers. Remember that last one—fast
thinkers.

Harry McCormick, formerly the left
flelder on the Giants, when he joined the
club before his legs began to go bad,
was a sprinter, one of the fastest men who
ever broke into the league. Before he
took up baseball as a profession he had
been a runner in college. But McCormick
was never a brilliant base stealer because
he couldn't get the start.

When a man is pitching for a olub of

he first started, but after a while his legs
went bad and his weight increased, so
that he was built like a box oar, to carry
out the railroad figure.

Hickman finally dropped back into the
minor leagues and continued to hit .800,
but he had to lose the ball to make the
journey clear around the bases on one
wallop. Onoe he hit the old flag pole in
centre field at the Polo Grounds on the fly,
and just did nose the ball out at the plate.
It was a record hit for distance. At last
while still maintaining the .800 pace,
Hickman was dropped by the Toledo
club of the American Association,

“Why did you let Charley Hickman go?”
I asked the manager one day.

“Because he was tyin’ up traffic on the
bases,” he replied.

Merkle is not a particularly fast runner,
but he is a great base stealer because he
has acquired the knack of “getting away.”
He never tries to steal until he has his start.
He is also a good arriver, as I have pointed
out. It was like getting a steam roller in
motion to atart Hickman. ;

Clever ball players and managers are

respect of all the guardians of the sacks tion of that kind. But each one knew always trying to evolve new base run-

in the National League. When about
eight feet from the bag he jumps into the
air, giving the fielder a vision of two Bets |
of nicely honed spikes aimed for the base. |

 

 

lthe shortest coyrse across the ocean but!
|}she was unfortunate in weather. Mr

| lod and the rest of the party will join the
yacht at Southampton

|" "the Karina will be back again in time!
| for the cruise of the New York Yacht Club
and to take part in the races for the Bren- |
j ton Keef onp and the Cape May cup 17 he |

| Karina holda the Brenton Reef cup and
will defend that trophy if there is aj

{challenge The Cane May cup. having)

| been returned to the®New York Yacht)

/C lub will be placed in competition again
|} with, itis honed, several of the big schooners
| Starting. Ratsey has made a auit of new
saila for the Karina and the Chamberlain
| Launeh Company at Marblehead haa built
| two twenty-nine foot dory launches which
| are fitted with 10 horse power Fay & Bowen!
; motors

The Manhasset Bay challenge cup prom-
\ises to be the incentive for the most in- |
teresting series of racea in these waters
jthis year, There are already two chal- |

 

Jenges in for the trophy, one from the!
|Seawanhaka Corinthian Yaeht Club and |
jone from the Chicago Yacht Club, and |
other clubs will soon fall in line. The

Indian Harbor Yacht Club will surely enter
the Joyant, last vear’s best 41 rater; the!
Larchmont club will enter the Windward
land the American Club will defend again
jwith the Cara Mia, It ts doubtful if any |
of the Eastern yachts will come after the)
;eup this year. They were beaten when |
they visited these waters and beaten again |
when the Joyant and Windward visited |
Marblehead, «lust what arrangement ie to!
|} be made for the race is at present unknown }
The committee last year ruled that thet
Joyant and Corinthian did not measure in}
the class. Since then the executive com-
mittee of the Yacht Racing Association of |

| Long Island Sound has interpreted the!
rules and stated that the committee ex- |
ceeded its power when it refused to accept |
| the certificate of the measurer
It in probable that the mutual agreement |
| clause will be used to bring these different
lelubs together and that while there are)
{differences of opinion about the jogs and |
leurves of the Joyant and Corinthian they |
| will be allowed to compete as if they meas-
ured strictly within the class. ‘The new |
fyacht of the Chicago Yaeht. Club) which
{will later in the year race against the Cana- |
} dian Patricia is really an improved Wind-
ward. Mr. Gardner did not try to outbuild |
the big Jovant but stuck to his original
model, which bas always been very sue-
cessful, and in such capable hands as Harry

Plant made him an offer, which he referred | Island Shipbuilding Company at Mariner's! Johnston and James D. Sparkman the new |

to A. 8S. Cochran, owner of the Westward. Harbor. One-half of the crew has been
Mr. Cochran told him to accept the offer, | Signed and the others will join the yacht}
as the Westward would not be in com- | April t. Commodore ‘lod expects to sail

misefon

The reason for Mr. Cochran's change
of mind ts hia {inability to secure a captain
whom he thinks capable of handling the
Westward in a series of races with Capt
Dennis and the Flena’ Last year Capt
Christiansen was in charge of the yacht

He had formerly sailed the 65 footer Aurora | Grenville Kane, George Lauder, Jr, and!

for Cornelius Vanderbilt, and as the Aurora
was not to be in commission was lent to
Mr, Cochran for the Westward Capt
Christiansen did well with the yacht and
ven, Omeng other prizes, the Aator cup,
as Avrora !s to be raced this year Mr.
Vanderbilt wants his skipper back again,

| on his voyage across the Atlantic on May 15
‘and the Karina will try to lower the trans-
|atlantio record now held by the Atlantic
| On the Karina will be several yachtamen
| who have had experience in crossing the
| Atlantio, The party aft will be Poultney

yacht should outsail the others ]
In Kastern waters the best series for|
small boats will be the races tor the Quiney |
Loup, Which is held by the Quincey YaehtClub
{This cup was originally offered by the
Quiney Clubin isos and was won by thatelub
last vear, ‘three clubs have already chal- |
lenged These are the Boston, ¢ orinthian
and Manchester, ‘The Boston has named |
ita representative, Charles Po Curtia'’s|
Ellen TL, which took pari in the races last |

| Bigelow, Dr James. Ayer, John KR. Buchan, | year. ( hanges are to be made in the Ellen |
which it is Vhought wil lnorease her speed

; i the Quiney Yacht Club has not yet named

William A. Barstow, Mr, Lauder owns the | 5)4 defender, but it will lindonbtedly be the |

| kndymion, at one time the record holder | Harpoon, owned by Charles Francia Adams |
‘that yaeht took part in the race for the 2d, which won very easily last year. It was
| Kaiser's cupand Mr buchan was amember, the Harpoon, too, that won the President
;ofthepartyon board, Mr Kane had charge | ‘ial! cup in the series of races with the

of the yawl Allsa in the same race, Mr
lod sailed the Thistle and had with him
Dr. Ayer, The Thistle in that race sailed

German sonder boata two years ago
of the Yacht Racing
sland Sound will be

‘The annual meetin
Association of Long

that when Doyle doubleddown, spiked,
the chances of the pennant went down
with him, for it broke ‘up the infield of
the team at a most important moment.

 

 
 

at the Hotel Astor next Wednesday
evening and on Ihursday evening the sec-

nd general meeting this year of the New
York Yacht Club will be held. Plans for the
season and schedules will be arranged at the
association meeting and new officers are
to be elected,

Racing dates for the summer have just
been announced Py the heratts committee
of the Larchmont Yacht (lub. The season
will open on June 18 with the annual spring
regatta for all classes of schooners, sloops
and yawls. It will be the first big regatta
of the year on Long Island Sound waters.
On July 4 the annual regatta of the club
will be sailed. Race week this year will be
from Juty 20 to 27, both dates Inclusive,
and the fall regatta will be held on Labor
Day, September 2. In addition the club
will hole Facog on June 22 and Auguat 31
for {ts interclub class of boats

Ataspecial meeting held at the clubhouse
in Larchmont during last week section 8
of chapter 13 of the by-laws was changed
as follows:

Chapter XIII, Sec. 3.-Change the word “second”
at the end of the first line to “third” and the word
“third” at the end of the second line to “fourth,”
so that the section now reads: “A race week
commencing on the third Saturday after the
Fourth of July and ending on the fourth Saturday

after the Fourth of July In each year.” ,

The amendment was made necessary in
order that there would no conflicting
dates among the Eastern, the Larchmont
and the New York Yacht clubs. The
change permits the larger boats to sall in
the annual race week of the Larchmont
Yacht Club this year,

With the knowledge that the larger craft
are going to start former Commodore
Wilson Marshall has offered to Horace E
Boucher, chalrman of the regatta com-
mittee, a handsome prize for one of the more
important divisions of boats. As Comino-

held

have offered trophies for the various
achooner classes the Marshall cup will go
to the winner of the 65 foot division of
sloops.

Istalena was the only 65 footer in com-
mission last year. In addition to the sloop
of Vice Commodore Pynchon, {t is known
that former Commodore Cornelius Vander-
bilt intends to race Aurora and that Win-
some will be sailed by her new owner,
Trowbridge Hall.

Deer in the Northwest.

From the Greeywood Ledger.

Owing to the deep anow this has been a
hard winter upon the deer and many hase

"| died of starvation in the boundary district.

Even some coyotes have crossed the big
divide for lack of fdod.

for some time past herds of black tailed
deer have haunted the suburbs of Green-
wood in search of food. ‘To protect their
weakened bodies from the coyotes the deer
have stood in herds of fifteen or twenty.
Sid Oliver wired the provincial game warden
asking that the Government supply food
for the animals, and in the meantime the

deer are being supplied with food at various
points around the city, Deer will be scarce

or a few seasons unless the shooting of
them is prohibited for a year.
&
¥

ning tactics that will puzzle the other
team, but “there ain't no new stuff.”
It is a case of digging up the old ones.
| Pitchers are also earnest in their en-

RECTOR TO TAY AGAIK
- FOR OLYMPIC SPRINTS

| 100 Meter Record Holder in Train-
ing for the Tryouts
Next June.

 

|
|

| A SENSATIONAL PERFORMER

New Stars for the Half Mile Run and
High Hurdles—Athletic News
Here and There.

Athletes no doubt will be interested
in the news that James A. Rector, the sen-
sational sprinter, will figure in the try oute
for the Olympic team next June. A few
days ago Rector admitted to T. R. Bland,
president of the Western Association of

ior A. A. U., that he had been in training

 

for some time just to see if he could come
back and if he came ansthing at all near
{bias form of four years ago he totended
to enter the Chicago try-outa on June 8.
| Rector is aow a resident of St. Louls and Is
| therefore too far out of the cycle of real
| athletic news for any one to get a line on

'dore Richards and the other flag officera | whether or not he has made progress toward

gaining his former apeed. Some of the
gossips down there have it that he Is as
fast as ever, while others shake their heads
| and say he has shot his bolt for good and
all

Those who were at the head of the Ameri-
can Olympic Committee hope that the
former view of Rector's ability is correct,
for the Yankee team is in great need of
| top sawyer at the sprints this time. There
|are a few promising meo around but there
|is not one of the calibre of Rector. In
order that America should have a good
}chance for first honors in the sprints at
Stockholm a man better than even time
jis needed, for Rau, the German champion,
| is liable to do his 10 3-5 seconds again for
| the 100 metres; and if Macmillan, the Eng-
!lishman, is doing 9 4-5 seconds for the 100
| yards at this stage the pair will take a lot
of beating.

Should Rector round into shape he will
at this stage be possessed of more stamina
and nervous force than he showed in 1908,
when he performed in all sorta of moods
and was painfully erratic, One hour he
would be exceptionally brilllaat, while the
next he would be little better than a selling
plater, He is now 25, the fage when most
athletes are 4 the top of their form, &

 

 

 

 

instead of one.

Most teams try to stop this play by
having the shortstop or second baseman
come in and take a short throw, and if
the man on third breaks for home the
receiver ‘of the ball whips it back. If
both throws are perfect the runner is
caught at the plate.’

But the catchers found that certain
clubs were making this play in routine
fashion, the runner on first starting with
the pitch and the one on third making
his break just as soon as the catcher
drew back his arm. Then the backstops
began making a bluff throw to second
and whipping the ball to third, often
getting the runner by several! feet, as he
had already definitely started for the
plate.

Tommy Leach of the Pittaburg club
was probably caught oftener on this
bluff throw than any other man in base-
ball. For some time he had been making
the play against clubs which used the
short throw and starting as the catcher
drew back his arm, as that was the only
chance he had to soore. One day in the
season of 1908, when the Pirates were
playing against the Giants, Clarke was
on first and Leach on third, with one
run required to balance the game. M0o-
Graw knew the double steal was to be

       

little prior to the tryout meet of 1908
Rector was reported to have run the 100
yards in 9 2-5 seconds, wiping all previous
marks off the slate. For a brief space it
was thought possible, but the more acepti-
cal laughed at the claim, principally on the
ground that Rector had not then appealed
before reputable timers or other reliable
athletic officials.

It was only natura! that there should be |
great curiosity to see Rector in a high
class competition, 60 when the tryouts
were held at Franklin Field, Philadelphia
| the 100 meters was the main event of the day.
Rector appeared in the second heat and made
his opponents look like hacks he gave such
a display of speed, and he won in the record
time of 10 4-5 seconds. He was so nervously
worked up that in the final he broke at the
start and suffered the penalty, and was
defeated in something like 11 1-5 seconds.
Thus on his first real introduction to fame
he gave a sample of good and bad form, and
those in charge of the team then hoped he
would be in the best mood at the critical
moment in England.

During the heats of 100 meters at Shep-
herd's Bush there was as much curiosity
to see Rector, for his fast work had become
known in the Old World. He did not come |
out till the fifteenth heat, and then he!
showed the Rritishers and Continental vis- |
{tors that his American running was not a!
fluke, for he simply spread eagled the field |
in 10 4-5 seconds, equalling the Olympicand
world’s record. The mood lasted with
Rector to the semi-final, whieh he won by |
yards again, doing 104-5 seconds. The
men to gain the final were Walker of South
Africa, Kerr of Canada, and Cartmel! and |
Rector of America, When the men took |
their marks the silence could be almoat felt
There was no delay and as the pistol flashed
Walker was first away and at forty yards
was leading Rector by a yard, By a fearful
burst of speed the American passed Walker
and at seventy yards the Stars and Stripes
was in the van, here was a sprint from
the South African which not only collared

 

 

 

 

Rector but landed Walker a yard in front |
and by this distance he won

For the next month or so the world on this
side of the Atlantic will beablaze with stories
of sensational performers in the different
Olympic events, for it is the ambition of

| the circuit that once a catcher drew tok

| his* arm. with a man on first base awd «
Tommy Leach on third, there woutd We !
no holding him on the bag. Hea waa’
caught time and again—indeed, as fre.)
quently as the play came up. It was hid

“groove.” He couldn't be stopped fron”
making his start. At last Clarke had ¢o'!
order him to abandon the play untif’ he

could cure himself of this self-startiny
habit.

“What you want to do on that play i¢*
cross 'em,” is MoGraw's theory, and kw
proceeded to develop the delayed sted]
with this intent. «1

Put the men back on first and thtt!»
Thank you. The pitcher has the ‘Band
The runner on first intentionally taka,
too large a lead. The pitcher thiswe’
over, and he moves a few steps towanf*
second. Thenafew more. All that’time ’
the man on third is edging off an inch,
two inches, a foot. The first baseman
turns to throw to second to stop that man.
The runner on third plunges for the plate,
and usually gets there. It's a hard one
to atop, but that’s its purpose.

Then again it can be worked after the
catcher gets the ball. The runner starts
from first slowly and the catcher hesi-
tates, not knowing whether to throw to
first or second. Since the runner did not
start with the pitch, theoretically no one
has come in to take a short throw, and
the play cannot be made back to the plate
if the ball {s thrown to second. This
form of the play is usually successful.
Miller Huggins is one of the hardest sac-
ond basemen in the league to work it
against, for with men on first and third,
he always comes in for the short throw
on the chance and covers himself up.

After we had stolen our way to a pen-
nant in the National League last season
and after our five leading base runners
had been “mugged” by the police in St.
Louis so that the catchers would know
them, many fans expected to see us sti!
a world’s championship, and we ha'f
expected it ourselves.

But so did Connie Mack, and thers
lies the answer. He knew our stron:
point and his team had discussed and
rehearsed ways and means to break it
up. Mack had been watching the Giants
for weeks before the series and had had
his spies taking notes.

“We've got to stop them running bases,”
he told his men before the first game,
I have learned since. And they did
St. Louis police must have sent Thomas
and Lapp copies of those pictures.

Mack's pitchers out their motions
down to nothing with men on the bases,
miscrosopic motions, and they watched
the runners like hawks. Thomas hai:
been practising to get the men. The
first time that Devore made a break to
steal he was caught several feet, from
the bag.

“And you cajl yourself fast!” ocom-
mented Collins as he threw the ball back
to the pitcher and jogged to his job.
“You remind me of a cop on a fixed post,”
he flung over his shoulder.

Pitchers have a great deal to do with
the defensive efficiency of the club. If
they do not hold the runners up the
best catcher in the world oannot stop
them at their destination. That is the
reason why so many high class catchers
have been developed by the Chicago
Cubs. The team has alw: aed.e good

~.

ays

itching staff, and men like °

rown and Reulbach foroe the runners
to stick to the oases of safety.

The Giants stole their way to a
nant, and it wasn't on account
speedy material, but MoGraw
had spent days teaching his men to slide
and emphasizing the necessity of gettin
the jump. Then he picked the stages o'
the game when the attempta to steal
were to be made. But MoGraw, with
his all star cast of thieves, wasstopped
by one Cornelius MoGillicuddy.

the

the pole vault and ater Bermond of Colum-
bia, Mo., for theta’ le,

Nicolson has made a record of 15 3-5 sec-
onds over tne high sticks aA he ‘ M
¢ oO

ceiv r 6 feet in the running high
Jump, a brace of performances which
entitles him to a

place in the front rank
The time for the hurdles is more worthy
of consideration, for should Nicolson be taken
along and repeat the figures at Stockholm
it will surely earn him f place if not the
actual title. Smithson of California ts said
to be not as 6 y as he was four years
ago when he hung up the world’s mark
of 15 seconds for the 110 meters, and of all
the other candidates for the team
there is not a man who can do 15 2-5 seconds.
The 110 meters is the only hurdle event
on the programme, 6o talk of selections and
tryouts for low hurdles is child prattie

Wagoner ts aald to be good for 12 feet
6 inches tn the pole vault, a vault which wil!
come pretty close to capturing the contest
next July. America will be very strong
in the pole vault with such as Scott, Bellah
and Babcock, three vaulters who should
beat 12 feet 8 inches. There are a couple
of Swedes reported to be clearing around
12 feet, but that will not be worth a place
with the American experts.

It is claimed for Bermond that he Is 4
good man at any distance from the hundred
yards tathe half mile, the latter event being

is favorite, He has a record of 1.55, an

should he happen to repeat the figures
they may get him a place at Chicago. 01
a correct track and with good timers there

 

are not many men in America who can
travel much faster The Olympte middie
distance is 890 meters, which is 874.0 varie,
and the record ia 1 minute 52 4-5 seconds,
by Sheppard at London in 1008

No athlete in America has been selected
oftener for the Olympic team to Sweden
than “Happy” Schroth, the New Orleans
pole vaulter. Two years ago last sumime!
when the A. A. U, national meet was heli!
at New Orleans, Schroth was then men
tioned as a likely candidate, and it was then
hardly settled that the Olympic meet woul]
be given to Sweden, Six months later the
pole vauller was selected and his chances
digcussed, Hardly a month for the pas!
year but Schroth was picked to represent
America, but two weeks ago the final sele:
tion was surely made, Great excitemen!
prevailed in New Orleans and a wire wis
Bent to New York to have James E, Sullivan
confirm the selection, Sullivan did not
confirm what was never made, but that
did not stop the New Orleans people from
selecting Schroth again, Schroth will prob
ably be considered after he performs at
( hieago on June 8, and after he tries con
clusions with BF. 'T. Cooke of Cleveland, who
has a record of 12 feet 6 Laches or better

| in the pole vault,

‘Lhere is a report from South Africa tha!

every athlete to try to capture a place on | the scores of the athletes there will count

the team. No great number of dark
horses need be expected from the Kast
because the territory is pretty well explored
but from among the tall sticks of the West
and South the “phenoms ” will be daily stalk-
ing ana of course doing wonderful things.
While some will be partly on the fake order
not & few wil! be found worthy of attention,
and among this latter class will be a trio
taihed e in = Louis within the last couple
of weeks. They are J. F. Nic

Louis for the hurdles pS yeaa cs
Jump, Blewett Wagoner of the same city for

} with England in the Olympic games

the
authorities in that country have made
rrovisional selection which will be Wb. Wy.
feArthur for the Marathon, H. Patching
for the sprints, A, ©. St. Norman for the
walks, C. W, Gitsham for the long distances,
J. Victor for the mile and G, G. Sutin for the
200 and 400 meter runs, MeArthur is a good)
man for any distance from tive to twenty

five niles, hut the most likely candidate I
St. Norman, who has walked three miles
in 20 minutes 40 seconds, and it looks now
as if Goulding , the Canadian, was the onl?
man who might be able to hold hiin, It 1s
said that other men will be added tw the
team later on,

'