10

 

 

OWNERS AND MAKERS

Race Meet on Galveston Sands to
Be an Elaborate Affair—Good
Sized Money Prizes.

At the Boston automobile show the |
motor world saw for the first time the |
K-D motor.
Daimler, but it doesn’t.
Knight-Davidson. If it were Knight-
Daimler, it would indicate Charles Y.,
the American who perfected the alcove |
valve motor. As it is the Knight is|
Miss Margaret E. Knight, and the other !
part of it ie’ for the Davidson family,
relatives of Miss Knight, who are helping |
in the financing of this motor.

It is remarkable not only in that Miss
Knight is probably among the few women
ever to have done anything much in the
way of automobile engine work, but that |
she certainly is the first to devise a sleeve |
fn town last week for the purpose of | valve motor which is all her own and em-
making preparations for the automobile | bodies mechanical features that are dis- |
meet which is to be held on Galveston; tinctive and thoroughly worth while |
beach im the course of the cotton carnival | too. |
n August. The Captain camo up chiefly | It may be worthy remarking as well |

 

K-D might mean Knight- |

It stands mee |

NEW CUTO¥T ORDINANCE

Terms of Measure Aldermen Will Con-
sider This Week—The Ficld
for 5600 Mile Race.

apt. J. W. Munn of Galveston was

to let New Yorkers know something | that Miss Knight exhibited at Boston a {

of the extent of the meet, which is to be | motor marked with a placard “1896,”
under the auspices of the Galveston intending to show that at that far date—
Avtomobile Club and the Texas State, she had devised a sleeve valve motor |
Automobile Association. More than $6,000 which certainly upon inspection proves |
in cash, in addition to prizes, are offered | not to differ materially from the Knight |
for three days of racing. It is planned | motor produced by Charles Y. Knight.

to make this the national beach meet| Miss Knight is not a seeker after per- |
of the year, inasmuch as Ormond and  80nal publicity, and so when a request |

Pablo beaches in Florida no longer are| was made of her for a photograph the !
How- |

strong in the competition. | reply got was that she hadn't one.
Two meets already have been held on , ever, 4 picture of the motor she devised

Galveston sands and the racing has been | Was sent along and it is reproduced here- |

of a quality that seems to insure fast With.
performances for the forthcoming con- | An interesting account of Miss Knight
teste. appears in Motor World. Miss Knight
was seen at her home in South Framing-
ham, Mass. Of her appearance it is
be acted upon by the Board of Aldermen | said that she “suggests the inventor lit-
this week, very likely, was introduced | tle if any more than other women suggest |
by Alderman John J. Boschen. Its terms \ it. She is a rather tall, strongly-built,
are as follows: { white haired woman in her sixties and is |
Section 1: Every motor vehicle pro- | gentle spoken; and there is no room for |
Pelled by an internal combustion engine, | doubting that desire for ‘self-glorifica-
when such vehicle is on any street, road, | tion’ constitutes little of her makeup. Had
avenue, alley, park, parkway or public) it been otherwise in these days of pub-

place within the city Iimits, shall, when], :
such engine is running, be equipped with | licity, she might now be counting her |
if not millions, for she has in-

a muffler or silencer, through which all | Million,
of the exhaust gases from the engine will | vented a number of mechanical contri- |
escape into the atmosphere, so as to re-| Vances which are and have been in use
duce as far as may be practicable the|for a generation, if not generations —

The muffler cutout ordinance which will

 

 

8 THE SUN, SUNDAY,

AUTOMOBILING FOR ae INVENTOR OF SLEEVE VALVE MOTOR
|

|
|

 

“'T suppose it does appear odd,’ she!all types--steam, internal combustion, |
said, ‘that a woman should figure as an) hot air and pretty much everything else

24, 1912. i oes) OR

THE K-D MOTOR, A WOMAN'S INVENTION.

noise which might otherwise be caused by
the escupe of said gases.

Section 2: The operator of any motor
vehicle shall not use any cutaut, fitting,
or other apparatus or deviceywhich will
allow the exhaust gases from the engine
of such motor vehicle to escape into the
atmosphere without first passing through
a suitable muffler or silencer as described
in Section 1

Any violation of the provistons of Sec-
tlons 1 and 2 shall be punishable by a fine
of $10, and in the default of the payment

of said fine it will be in the discretion of |}
the Magistrate to impose a sentence not to | >

exceed ten days.

An automobilist who is the possessor Be

| tion is different.

|

of two cars met with an accident down- |

town the other day,

contrivances applying to cotton, shoe |
and rubber machinery among other
things, and which were sold for nominal
sums, as affluence was not Miss Knight's |
portion. Her wealthy relatives, the David-
sons, now are backing her and the situa- |

with Billy Knipper as relief; two Nationals
for which Donn Herr, Howard Wilcox
and Charles Merz are named as pilots;
two Case cars, to be handled by Harvey
derrick and Louis Disbrow, respectively;
wo Mercedes cars, which Ralph de Palma
and Gpencet Wishart will drive; a Fiat,
with Teddy Tetzlaff up; a Simplex, with
rt Dingley as driver and a Lexington,
which Harry Knight will control. Ralph

the car breaking in | Mulford,with a K.nox, is an expected entry

a vital part so that it was impossible to | 800n.

do anything else than have it towed home.
He despatched his chauffeur up town to
get the other car and a rope in order to

take care of the towing process, and in | tent,

the meantiine after fussing around with
the interior of his car and getting pretty
thoroughly dirty he sat down in the
driver's seat to wait for the return of the
other machine.

While he was sitting there an automobile
with two young men of the chauffeur
type riding in it came up. They sized
up the situation at once and saw that he
was in need of help. One of them hopped
out of the car and walking over to the
owner, who was silting in the front seat,
said: “All right, young fellow, we got a

telephone message fromm your boss giving } works at Arbon and Suresnes, France, are
us the number and we are here to tow you, Producing an average of sixty-five Saurer

to the garage.”

The owner of the car concealed his
amusement and merely said: “I don't
move from this spot no matter what tele-
phone message you got.” The other
fellow blustered a little and insisted that
he had had a message ordering him to
look out for a car broken down of the same
number as thisgynachine and wound up
by saying he'd bring suit against the man

|

|

|
{

 

! might

jand

for the expense of going out to look him |

up if the car were not towed in by him.

Finally the owner declared himself and
the two beat a hasty retreat. If they had
been able to get away with it they prob-
ably would have extorted a good bit of
money from the automobilist for towing
his car up town.

In addition to the Cutting car that Bob
Burman will diive at Indianapolis on May

30 in the 500 mile race, the entries to date | Oddie of Nevada was also present,

In Indianapolis an automobile show |
started last night which 1s being held un-
der usual conditions. It is under a bi
three city blocks being covered.
These blocks are in the neighborhood
of University Park, in the centre of the
city. Thirty-eight thousand yard of
canvas are required in the. making of
the tent for the show.

 

Russtans Place Big Saurer Order.

A letter recently received by President
Coleman of the International Motor Com-
pany from Adolph Saurer of Arbon,
Switzerland, maker of the European
Saurer truck, which ts a member of In-
ternational Motors, records the following:
“It may interest you to know that our)

 

trucks every month and we have just re-
ceived an offer for 125 trueks from the
Russian Government. We have 400 trucks
on order at these two plants alone
add that the acceptance of the
Saurer truck by the Russian Government
comes after very extensive negotiations
prolonged experiments and tests

tically every motor truck made in Eu-
rope, and we understand several Ameri-
can made motor trucks also.”

Commer's Share tn Panama-Pacific Start.

Work was begun about a fortnight ago
on the site of the Panama-Pacific Ex-
position at San Francisco,
motor trucks bought by A. C. Ambler, a
contractor of that elty, began the dumping
of loads of rocks on the sea wall at Har-
bor View, Gov. Oswald West of Oregon
did the tipping of the first Commer truck
load, which {naugurated operations. Gov.
and
on the day those Executives

saine two

are these: two Stutz cara to be driven by | selected and dedicated the sites for the

Gil Anderson and Len Zengel respectively, | exposition buildings of those two States. | tires and removable rims.

ee aesnuiiridiiaiin

 

 

 

| eighty-seven of them.

by | The
the Russian War Department with prac- | 4 ,

 

inventor of an engine; but in my case it | that has been thought of.

came naturally. I was inclined

that

“Yes, I have devised even a gas turbine

way, and have had to do with machinery | and a gas rotary engine, and the latter is

almost all of my life.
exhibited at the automobile show are but

The two motors | 6f the double sleeve principle too. Some-

how it seems as if I have leaned toward

two of many which I devised; in fact, the double sleeve principle, but I thought

I have obtained patents on no less than

Two Bladed Adjunct to Cooling System |
and Advantages Claimed for It.

One of the things tn the King car
that differs from current construction ts
the fan. The usual practice is to have
four or six blades and some fans in
the cooling systems have aS many as
eight blades. Charles B. King, the de-
signer of the car, has another idea. He}
has a two bladed 18 inch aluminum fan |
of the type culled the “aeroplane fan.’ |

Mr. King says that his experiments
Drought him to the conetusion that above
a certain crankshaft speed multi-bladed
fans were inefficlent. Tests that had
been made abroud served to show to him
that there existed what is called
tation.” That is, above a certain speed
there formed a cavity or empty space in
which the flywheel travelled without
effecting any cooling. This necessitated
either a reduction in speed or a change
in the design of the flywheel. It is con-
tended that with the two bladed fan a

 

 

hoon ous me SEX POWER TRUCKS BETTER

| THREE GREAT ADVANTAGES

It is not new,

nothing particularly of it. i

I have dealt with | The Corliss steam engine of forty yearsago | in the natural course of things and used | power.

 

|

TRAFFIC CONDITIONS

Noticeable Improvement Due to)
Motor Vehicles, Says Robin- |
son of the Locomobile.

|

“eavl- | Less Destructive to Streets, More Sani-

tary and Mean Fewer Wagons
Required on Highways.

| Traffic conditions in congested por-

er t F e Z ‘p . tat
ote Cea te Ateare habe. tions of our large cities have been s0
- | greatly improved by the motor truck
The New Micheltn Q-D Clincher. | that it is not a wonder that so much co-

Tire fitting Is not always the easy task
motayists could wish and the Michelin
Tire Company plans to minimize the diffi-
culty with the introduction of its 1912
quick detachable clincher. This tir is
easy to put on any quick detachable rim

Wel it drops on the rim without forcing and

without the use of tools,

Another feature is the elimination of
the inside envelope flap or tube protector
absence of protectors simplifies the

tting of inner tubes, reducing the danger
of pinching as well as the labor formerly
involved when protectors were necessary.

The Michelin quick detachable clincher
is shaped full and round. The tread is
broad and flat. The side walls are de-
isigned to give maximum durability with-
} out sacrificing resiliency.

Two Commer |

| Another Taxicab Client for Fisk.
The Fisk Rubber Company recently
closed a contract for equipment with the
Detroit Taxicab and Transfer Company of
‘Detroit, Mich. Fisk equipment is used on
many taxicabs in the different large
cities of the United States. There are
1,000 cabs In New York alone using Fisk

 

PHILADELPHIA MOTORISTS USE A.C. A. AS MODEL

Patterned on the model of the A. C. A.
in this city the Automobile Club of Phila-
delphia purposes to erect a garage struc-
ture with club features, the property for
which already has been bought. The
plans as thus far completed allow for
either a three story or two story building
at present, later to be brought up to five
stories. The scheme is not to try to
complete it all at once, just as was done
in this city.

The present estimates for a three story
building come to about $450,000, counting
in the cost of the land. If only a two
story structure is put up at first the
figures wi!l run $25,000 less, The property
for the main building is on South Twenty-
third street between Chestnut and Market.
There are two small lots separated by
an alley running through at a right angle
to Market street, which it is purposed to
connect with the main building by a
bridge above the first floor. The main
property is large enough to insure 30,000
square feet 0) each floor, The members

_ of the club have been engaged for some

time on the financing of the proposition.
Generous subscriptions have been made
by the members. At the first report of
the management subscriptions in excess
of $100,000 were got.

It is expected that an average of 250
cars a month will be stored in the Phila-
delphia club's garage, considerably less
of course than is the case with the Auto-
mobile Club of America, which usually
has more than 600 cars on storage.

That part of the report of the manage-| One hour or less.......

 

ment of the A. C. P. which deals with the
Automobile Club of America is as follows:

Your president apent some time with the
management of the Automobile Club of
America, New York, recently in a careful
analysis of their methods, rates, income
andexpenditure. The figures used for com-
parison were those of the Automobile Club
of America about three years past, when
they were storing on the aggregate 800 cars
(although their double building now ac-
commodates twice that number). The fol-
lowing schedule of rates will average 15
percent to25 percent. below those charged
in New York, and compared with service
to be given are lower than the rates of any
garage of standing in Philadelphia

(a) Schedule of rates:

Touring Cars—Monthly rates (no reduc-
tion for absence of less than one week,
making a net charge for one-quarter, one-
half and three-quarters of a month)

Per

month
Uptoi5h.p,A.% A M rating $15
15 to 25h. p.,A.L. A. M. rating es 0

Above 25h. p.,A4.L. A.M rating 25
Closed Cars--Monthly rates (same stipu-
lation as above regarding absence)

Per
month.
Upto25h. p., A. U. A.M rating $25
Above 25h, p., A. L. A. M. rating.. 30

Note—The above charges include wash-
ing and polishing. No precise space is
reservable, only area location,

Day Storage-9 A. M. to5 P. M., one-half |

of the above rates
Transients

One day PACU TERRE ahaa aad ad $1.00
Up to four hours... 0.0... .cceeee ee eee no
Up to two hours... oo... cece cece 25

|

There will be no space charge while cars |

are under repair except the usual charge
on monthly rates
Without contract:

| Washing $1 90
| Polishing Bi)
|Gasolene (full quality and quantity),
| per gallon 5
Engine oil (full quality and quantity),
per gallon 30
Grease (full quality and quantity), per
pound 18

(Prices subject to market fluctuation.)
(b) Estimated Receipts and Expenditures
The experience of the Automobile Club

from regular and transient cusiom and this
experience (club membership compared with
car accommodation) should reasonably be
anticipated here within the first year's oper-
ation. The three story building now ad-
vocated would accommodate approximately
! 300 ears if stored comparably with those in
the New York building

An average of 250 cars at $20 a month
(or $240 a car a year) would yield, with
profit on oll, gasolene and supplies, $90,000
gross per annum A safe estimate of garage
cost in detail from years of A.C A. oper-
ation fixes $64,500 as an outside figure for
the total expended on garage and building
| operation for this number of cars, including
| wages, cleaning expense, inspection, light,
heal, power and water. Any smaller num-
ber of cars will be cared for at comparatively
|lower cost. This leaves a margin on gar-
age operation, conservatively estimated
| of $25,000 net profit with which to pay 5 per
cent. interest on $310,000 investment, $15,500,
}and taxes, insurance and repairs, $5,000—a
| total of $20,500. This safe garage operation
| profit of $5,000 will be increased by the
profit already shown in this city from the
operation of other branches of the club

Class 1 in subscriptions to improvement
bonds deals with those of $5,000 and more.
Those in class 1 are entitled to 10 percent,
discount from space bills at club rates and
to preferential apace for two cars. Class 2
is for those subscribing for from $2,500 to
$5,000, They are entitled to a like discount
with class 1 and preferential space for one
car after class 1 is taken care of. Class 3
is from $2,000 to $2,5 Its members also
get 10 per cent, discount and space for one
car after preceding classes have been
served

Those in class 4 put up from

 

$1,000 to

toperation has been obtained from the

of America shows an average full garage |

municipal authorities and from the heads
of the various railroad and shipping
companies. To-day the owner of the
motor truck finds conditions vastly im-

proved over those of three years ago,}vantago of benefits accruing from the

but there is still room for improvements
and for added facilities whereby the

| efficiency of the motor truck can be so in- | sh
further | trucks,

creased as to result in a. still
saving for the owner, for the municipality
land for the transportation companies.

The efficiency of a motor truck yaries
| directly with the percentage of time dur-
| ing which it is transporting producing
loads. Consequently every minute lost,
}either through delays due to the conges-
tion of traffic, through waits to get up
to or away from a loading platform, or
| through the necessity of making detours
to avoid streets which have been closed
|by the municipal authorities, all go to
cut down the efficiency of the truck by
preventing it from making the number
of ton miles which under normal cir-
cumstances it should. From the owner's
viewpoint it is not reasonable to expect
him to incur a large expense and mak
a heavy investment for motor trucks,
each of which would supplant three two
horse teams, if such an investment is not
a paying one,

Various municipal and transportation
j officials realizing the immense advan-
tage of the motor truck and knowing
that the motor truck is saving them
| large amounts of money through its re-
lieving congestion are cooperating with
the owner to eliminate many of the de-
lays which in the past proved so alarming.

Municipal authorities find that motor
| traffic has, from their viewpoint, three
|great advantages over horse _ traffic
| They find that the motor truck is less
destructive on the street, reducing the
maintenance charges of the street re-
pair department; they know that the re-
jduction of the amount of horse débris,
|due to the supplanting of the horse by
the motor truck, not only effects a large
financial saving but it also has resulted
in a betterment of the public health, due
}to the more sanitary condition of the
streets.

They also appreciate the fact that the
motor truck has decreased, for any given
tonnage, the number of vehicles required,
with a consequent relieving of tra‘fic
congestion at rush hours. This last is
a very important factor in municipal con-
ditions to-day and can be better realized
when it is known that the normal large
capacity truck, which under ordinary
circumstances will supplant three two
horse teams, not only occupies a space
equivalent to ehout only $0 per cent. of
the actual length of three such teams
and wagons, but also, owing to its great
flexibility and ease of control, it can follow
closer to the vehicle immediately pre-
ceding it.

As an actual fact, assuming that the
| traffic conditions in any given street are
| as congested as they are to-day, some-
\ thing over four times as much tonnage
could be carried by a given point in a
given time if all the traffic was carried by
| motor vehicles, Or, assuming that only
the same tonnage was to be transported,
| traffic conditions would be greatly re-
| lieved and congestion would be _practi-
{cally eliminated. Municipal authorities
‘ are doing el! they can to further this end
|by keeping the streets in better repair

 

| freight congestion than the railroad traffic

 

| increas can be more frequent without | Dingley'is to drive at Santa! Monica, In-

 

 

HOUSE FOR,PHILADELPHIA CLUB, gyre

} but of course they get 5 per cent

$2,000 They get 5 per cent discount and | and by giving the faster moving motor
space for a single car each after those going | vehicle the preference wherever possi-
before have been looked after Those be-| ble, It is probable that in the near
low $1,000 get no discount pr other privileges, | future the municipalities will cooperate

interest further by opening many streeta which
| on the bonds, as do the others are now closed to heavy traffic ant thus
Ballinger «& Perrot of Philadelphia are | ena!le the truck to save time by elimi-

the architects and engineers of the new nating coors which formerly were
building. They are members of the! jmmense improvements have ali

Automobile C lub of Philadelphia. ... | Place in the laat few years at the peed

  
   
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
      
      
      
  
   
    
        

   

TEACH OUR DOGS TO
FLEE FROM MOTOR CA

it in working out experiments with fuels
which I had in hand. “1 ae oe ‘
mented with all of them—gasolene, ben- rig ;

zine, kerosene, acetylene and everything’ Owners Péts Must Take Som

else I guess. It was in seeking to obtain)” 4 Precautions of:Their Own ¢
a satisfactory gas ‘from the heavy dis-} |.. = td: Shfeguard.

on RS “ow
ticular value to it.’

tillates that I used'my 1806 t-te valve
engine, but as I said, I attac No par-| ,. a -
4
“Did you ever apply for a patent for ADVICE COMES.FRO M ABROAD
it?’ was asked. ao a a , : _
“I am not certain, but I think that | French’ W: Oonsigers the Case’
specifications were drawn up. But - Kilts : ‘by Drivers of Fast
had three lawyers, and if my application , les
ever got to Washington it probably war - Milqmod!
|lost. As a matter of fact at about that “ a sent
time I was in the hospital for the bette:| It wasn't noueee, Hep Sot members @
part of two years. L-underwent a severe | the autom Club of America were df.
|operation and when I left the hospital | igently rep to the query: “How many
my home had been broken up, my papers | dogs /haye you. killed?” as propounded by
and mechanical parts had beeri acattered | a headline jn the, club publicatish ?' th
and my purse was empty. question of ;whether. one ought to Kfar op
“‘No, the “1800” motor which was ex-/| going after He;has run over. a dog o
hibited at the show is not the one that was | whether one should stop, turn and Parley
in ,existence at that time. It may con- | was ‘aleo considered, with argumemte 0
tain some of the parts, hut it was built} both: sidés, chiefly in favor of ‘k
three or four years ago. But ‘I have a| right on one's way. It was alibrepy
living witness of the truth of my state- | about, by,a letter from G. Be

i 7
menta. He is Alfred D. Abbenyeller of | in a British ring publication? "°"7
Randolph, Mass., who worked for me) Now the affair has heén. beanght.
and who while I was in the hospital had in, thie time by a French writer »
many of my tools and who had seen’ the | #8@!0, thi , ib ate
draught of my engine and had parts of | cel Boulenger, who contributes ‘a

it and had asked what they were. 1 also | on'“Sport in Brance,” to the Field of Loo.
have some of the original letters bearing | don. M. Boulenger hastens to say thet
on the enginy. he is not an autophobe, even if he dies

The 1912 K-D motor ts a four cylinder,
four cycle affair with four, inch fore and| prefer ‘horsebeck riding to "

six inch stroke. The engine weighs 600] More.than, thet he comes forwa
pounds. _It is called a crescent alide valve suggestion fo the owners of

motor. There are, two crescent. shaped pet dogs to safequard the animals f;
slides or -_ sleeves which serve for ex- deniers’ ot Galbg run down ‘by .

haust and intake. The valves. together ites
completely encirclo the cylinder over- | sis. idea is this: °First, a dog less thas
r ola or, in other © » @ puppy

\lap as a aver ee In these an are .
re ports which register, one a@ po yea!
\in the oylinder wall serving as an intake; rane a still aub, to
y pl led. on, 8 leash;

 

 

 

 

   
       
       
  
     
    
   
 
  
  
   
 

the other with @ similar laced port
on the opposite side of the cylinder. wall
| Serving or the exhaust.

' r
The sleeves are actuated through long far dway from road t

“Seeondly, e
‘get out af the’

| eylindrioal rods, which in turn are’ oper-
ated by means of cranks on a longitudinal
shaft which takes the place of the usual &

     
     
    
  
  
   
     
   
   
         
           
       
    
 
     
    
 
 
       
         
   
   
 
  
    
  
 
    
    
   
 
    
  
  
   
     

 

     

7 |oam shaft and is driven through ing siren or 4 motor horn.
; : \ 9 le patt of a dog’s
pis pn Ry ay tlh tgeditonlaaig any were | Bt oor wal 1 ela tam ot See oon sat drive: oar y

used even in water pumps. The wonder | CF one of the features of ‘the engine is} @ nioter horn and

is that at this tim eany one could obtaina thet this wall is held fn tion: only by
patent on even a gas engine embodying | being cla‘nped Ween the top of the re-
that principle. | movable oylinder head and .the orank

“T certainly had no idea that the “1896” | Case. + ‘ ¢
engine which was exhibited at the Auto- | wl ee oe ee eterna tor a
mobile Show had any particular virtue | expansion and conttattién. The motor pry cnn pert this special En
or any particular value. I originated it | is supposed to develop about fifty horse- et

n.
indeed, 'a dog is not capable of un.

derstand the warning conveyed ‘by
- eee 4) oar ance cnnaanpROTSS the’ te ig a- somewhat f:
depots and at the wharves. Where for- co E LS. what. do you
merly the motor trucks were compelled | KNIGHT MMERCIA short of, topping OY ty

1 ucks if an accident happens w

to take the'r place in line and gradually | imie . complain?

work up to the platforms, to-day many | Sleeve Valve Meter to Ge in Det heyy ido oe allow y

progressive officials, intent on serving the Built Truck Chassis. >r, with vehicles, w!
The Knight sleeve valve engine, which *

best interests of their stockholders have 8.
roviding | has been adopted by more than,a dozen

  

minimized traffic delays by
special platforms for motor trucks only.
While the idea of reserving a platform

does not.
builders of passenger cars in this coun- |g to

di
rtake you.

; 7 ‘try Europe, 1 bout to make. its
for motor trucks only is a comparativel be i “the commerce 1 car world. to be
| recent innovation railroad after railroad |The Dalmler company in Bngland is pre: i which he fo!
is adopting the idea as fast as conditions! paring to build four heavy, nes

centage of space so reserved is increas- | Chassis. The trucks are to have ¢apaci-

ing far more rapidly than any one, not Addition’ ine Coventtycanect. wil’ buld
a’ 36

thoroughly conversant with the situa-! #
tion would imagine. Railroad officials Ce onkewer PRcutoral: rector
realize the need of speed and welcome! Furthermore, the
innovations that relieve congestion. tis understood, «is building two
The same conditions obtain at_the|cylinder Knigit engines ismrrbah bee
wharves. Steamship traffic men_ owing | ; : sti
to the arester intervals elapsing between |#enKer coach, on® engine being used on |
teach of the two four ‘whéel trucks. hand, all motorists think

their shipments, are far more troubled by | ey 5
; ves | more charity of the greet pain which they
NEW SIMPLEX ' RACER. |

cause to their fellow beings ev time
\they kill one of their — f

Car Dingley Will Drive Is Shipped Out | oe

to the Pacifle Coast.

The new Simplex racing car which Bert

' ne
of'the
uty engine ‘a
and expediency will permit, and the per-|to be used in six different types of iguposdtple
which a

men are, and they appreciate the relief
from congestion afforded by the motor
trucks. The motor truck has been valu-
able to steamship men in another way.
If a wharf can be quickly cleared and a
new cargo as quickly put on the wharf

 

dianapolis and in other speed contests this
season was shipped on Friday to the’ Pa-
cific coast to {ts owner, K. J. Parrot. ta

Prior to its shipment the! new speed |
machine got its first trial on the Long Is-
land Motor Parkway driven’ by. Herman
Broesel, Jr.,

increased wharfage fac‘lities, a very
serious problem when the comparatively
small number of good wharves and of
really good ports is considered. Steam-
ship men in their endeavor to take ad-

     
     
 
   
     
    
   
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
     
 
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
    
    
   
    
   
 
  
 
   
  
  
       
     

ould be le.

“I think it does not coat anything is
this particular case. And dog. owners
should‘take the trouble of ing their
dogs; there would no be so many accidents

  

motor truck have done a great deal for
j the owner.
1 Only a few years ago, before the steam-

( itr. Broesel, who has had = tot mas

*‘ompany.: r. Broesel, who has a lot

of experience Inthe. handling of ‘speed |Suere an we have in Paris during that ter

creations, ‘cove stretches o e park- | °:

Wav Ul & Pain oF 100 Uhlan acriie rible hour between 12 and half past 12 at
The racer is _a ftty horse-power Sim- and

plex. trimmed down -for racing with Its |

motor set back ten inches.

ip men took an active interest in motor
foolish fire regulations, since
repealed, made it impossible to run
a motor truck on a wharf of the large
cities of this country,
jrecently that the wharves have been
sufficiently well constructed to stand
up under a moving concentrated load as
heavy asa large capacity motor vehicle.
The extent to which cooperat‘on hag
been carried out might be continued
| indefinitely, but let it be sufficient to say
that to-day every effort is bein
to increase the scope and the field of the
motor truck. not only by the manufac-
turer and by the user of these vehicles
but by all parties directly or indirectly
interested in the great problem of trans-
portation. A. W. RosInson,
Truck Sales Manager, Locomobile Com-

 

Its piston dis-
placement is 598.6°cublic inches, with bore
and stroke 6% inches.

and it .s8 only

 

 

SELLING THE JMPERIAL

Fred G. Roble Associated With A. L. Kull

-in the, Business.
Fred. G. Robie of Chicago is now asso-
ciated. with A. L. Kull in directing the
Imperial agency in this city. Mr. Robie
or some. years was. identified with th
manufattirese and sale of the Excelsior
motorcycle in Chicago, which interest. he
has dispensed with so that he might de-
vote his ‘attention to the sale of Imperial

cars in New York.
the Imperial is offered in

 

Automobile Personalities.

The Abernathy Kids, with their father,
J. R.. Abernathy, started out recently in
a Buick touring car to.make a run from
San Francisco to Mexico city. ‘Appar-
ently they have shifted their alllegtance
from ‘the Brush runabout they used a
couple of years ago. ‘

Cc. W. Martin,+Jr., formerly Southern
district manager fdr the Goodyear Tire

& Rubber Co., with héad >
has been ‘ap; prams tnrrors om Aen

 

made

ta, manager. of the

 

ny of America. company’s motor truck ‘ti epa . This season
oy He has been transferred tom y itt os three models, ranging * price from $1,250
the general offices at Akron. to $1,760. “The car proven itself ‘io
New Jeffery Truck Details. The Jandorg Automobile Co., succes- trop op retenit or ie anes nee Ban
The Thomas B. Jeffery Company is een e op ndway | Automobile _ Ex- Francisco ts and many other events

change, ‘is noW~in .its etx story. buildi
at 42-44 West Sixty-sécond street. “The
coming” season,” * says" L. °
“promises to be active.

in which durability was essential. It is
the intention of. re. Kull and Roble
to enter the Impe in contests in the
East. he Imperial is a’ newcomer ‘n
New,York. = + ’

making tests of the one and one-half ton
truck which was exhibited at the Chicago
motor truck show, preparatory to market-
ing a service truck of this type.

The Jeffery truck

“The
i Jandorf,
We intend to use
our new quarters for the display of cars
and: our -old: p 08 at~1961° ay
for bodies and tires. Our factory at
Eleventh prenue pas Fifty-eighth street
will 4p all our niéc and painting
work. a+ @

David L. Bruce-Brown, winner of the
Grand Prize rages of 1910 and 1921, ss
got from the Benz At&*Import Co. of
America the 120 horse-power racing car
with which he won the race in 1910,
Since that time the car has not’ been
used in any way. This is the car which
he will drive at the Santa Monica races

 

has a capacity of
3,000 pounds, 60 per cent. of which is
carried on the rear wheels. The motor,
over which the footboard and seat are
| wate is of the four cylinder vertical type,

Favoring Undersiung Frames.
One of*the ‘trade journals for a long
time past has been publishing letters and
sketchés rom subscribers illut
trating their ideals of automobiles for
1913: + In ‘one ‘recent Issue there were
pheee letters.and drawings, each of which

rought out underslung frame as an
ideal point of construction. The Americas
Moth #'Co, of INaanapedis, Which Crem if

hanica

water cooled, rated at 38 horse-power, Ig-
nition is by Bosch high tension magneto
j and lubrication by a combination of force
feed and crank case splash,
Transmission of \power is through a
system which includes a_ three = speed
{change gear, jackshuft and final drive by

side chains to the rear wheels. on May 4.

very Start has fostered this type of con:
‘The maximum speeds on the first, sec- “In some instances starting the cruction: a . A
ond and third gears are three and a half, | is very perplexing,” says Ferdinand "etor & va nd m srention to this as show

seven and fifteen miles per hour respec- | ottl of the Pullman agency.
tively ; control of speed changes is through | who buys a car to-da
a lever projecting through the centre of | this annoyance by havin

“The man
expects to escape
a self-starter, a

S. » to be noted, . t that in many
others of the plans submitted the under-
sluhg ‘construction is dilated upon. The

a

 

the heel board of the driver's seat, the | device that does away with cranking.
steering wheel being placed on the left} Pullman cars are fitted with 7 seit. otter havte ee Beted to Rivie line for ‘ihe
side. starter.” past seven years. !

 

 

 

eeerian ee : i == ~"
A FOREIGN TOURIST VISITS NEW’ JERSEY. '

     
 

 
  

thay
oye eK

SS 4,